__label__non_math	0.8604	i sang many of the songs in this book in church services less than thirty years ago. the political situation in south africa has changed since nelson mandela was released from prison, but i think we used to sing: free mandela. open, botha, we are a-knocking. thuma mina. at some point, these things stopped making as much sense as they used to have, but i still like: ipharadisi, where all the dead are living. may we one day join them, all there: ipharadisi.
__label__non_math	1.0000	medicaid is a state and federal program that will pay most nursing home costs for people with limited income and assets. eligibility varies by state. you must meet certain requirements in order to be eligible for medicaid. medicaid does not pay money to you; instead, it sends payments directly to your health care providers. medicaid in illinois is sometimes referred to as public aid and is administered by health care and family services hfs .hfs medical benefits is a comprehensive healthcare program that covers doctor visits, prescription drugs, hospital care, emergency room coverage, long term care, durable medical equipment and a variety of other healthcare services. you may qualify if you meet the following criteria. - you are age or older, or blind or have a permanent disability, and - you live in illinois, and - your income and assets are below the program s income and asset limits , and - you are a u.s. citizen or you are an eligible qualified immigrant our staff is ready to assist you in completing an application if financial assistance is needed in paying for your cost of care.
__label__non_math	0.9994	he started out studying at the champ universitaire italien de lausanne in switzerland, where he took courses in architecture and urban planning. magistretti studied architecture at milan polytechnic, graduating in . in the 1950s vico magistretti built private houses, office buildings, churches and hotels. magistretti worked as a freelance designer for companies such as artemide, cassina, de padova, flou, fontanaarte, fritz hansen, kartell, knoll, o-luce, schiffini, and campeggi. from the 1960s vico magistretti designed furniture and objects of plastic. his "telegono" table lamp dates from . magistretti created "selene" ; for artemide , a plastic stackable chair moulded in one piece. the magistretti chairs "gaud " and "vicario" were designed in . in vico magistretti created "atollo", a metal table lamp. in he designed "veranda", a convertible sofa that is equipped with an adjustable headrest. no matter what materials were used, magistretti always attached great importance to high quality workmanship. for a design solution to be long-lasting and of high quality, vico magistretti felt it had to be both beautiful and useful. his designs invariably link sculptural elegance with technical sophistication. most of magistrelli's lamps and furniture have been best sellers and also long sellers. his works have been displayed in the major design exhibitions throughout europe, united states and japan and are included in the permanent exhibitions of the world's most important museums. numerous of his creations are part of the permanent collection of the new yorker museum of modern art. from vico magistretti taught at the royal college of art in london, becoming an honorary fellow in and, in a senior fellow. he was nominated royal designer for industry by the royal society of arts. in ludovico magistretti died at the age of years in his birthplace milan.
__label__non_math	1.0000	culture and core values - ambit biosciences is a growing privately-held biotechnology company with a dedicated team of employees focused on the discovery and development of novel, targeted small molecule kinase inhibitors to improve outcomes for patients living with cancer. - ambit's success is dependent on our ability to recruit and retain highly qualified and motivated people in all areas of the company. - ambit demands the best from our employees and rewards them accordingly with an excellent comprehensive benefits plan and an environment that encourages employees to maintain an excellent work and life balance. we value diversity in all forms thought, skill, experience, culture and style. each individual strengthens ambit by offering unique and meaningful perspectives. - beyond our benefits package and the wonderful quality of life san diego offers, we offer the opportunity to be part of an experienced team of scientists and professionals who want to revolutionize drug discovery.
__label__non_math	0.9709	. combo sells his mom's rv to jesse for... . what does hank witness while on the roof of one rv? - jesse cooking meth with badger - marie stealing someone's wallet - nothing -- the rv is empty - two people playing cards in their underwear . where is gus's new laboratory located? - at a poultry farm - beneath a los pollos restaurant - in a brand new winnebago - in an industrial laundry facility . finish gus's statement: "what does a man do, walter? ... a man." - takes charge . how much meth does walt have to cook to make the new meth lab economically viable? - lbs. per week - lbs. per week - 100 lbs. per week - 200 lbs. per week . what does hank give gomez before gomez leaves for el paso? - bullet-proof vest - jesus malverde statue - rabbit's foot . where does walt leave the signed divorce papers for skyler? - in holly's bassinet - in a duffel bag full of money - in ted's office - on the dining room table . what does saul offer jesse while they're waiting for walt? - diet coke . what percentage will saul make for laundering walt's drug money? . what is combo's given name? . a poster of which rap artist is on combo's bedroom door? - biggie smalls - tupac shakur you've earned points in this quiz so far.
__label__non_math	0.9992	. what treat does suzanne farrell offer don? - banana bread - chocolate cupcakes - cranberry muffins - date nut bread . according to lane, what makes don draper smile? - absolutely nothing - a satisfied client - roger's respect . what does don say connie will wear to the 40th anniversary party? - connie is not planning to attend. - cowboy chaps - his dressiest stetson - gold spurs . lane's wife compares john hooker to... - a lap dog - a parrot - a snake - a toad . suzanne's little brother has... - cerebral palsy . paul meets a janitor in the kitchen. what's his name? . betty discovers a box in don's desk. what does she find? - dog tags - the deed to anna draper's house - divorce papers - all of the above . danny claims which historic figure also had epilepsy? . what does don hand suzanne's brother danny before they part ways outside framingham? - a bottle of whiskey - a loaf of date nut bread - his business card . which slogan is not mentioned during the western union brainstorming session? - "a telegram is permanent." - "a telegram is forever." - "tell it with a telegram." - "you can't frame a phone call." . which chinese proverb does paul cite to save the western union account? - a drop of water shall be returned with a burst of spring. - fortune does not come twice. misfortune does not come alone. - the faintest ink is better than the best memory. - when the tree falls, the monkeys scatter. you've earned points in this quiz so far.
__label__non_math	0.9991	can women receive sacred orders? let us consult several authoritative sources. canon of the code of canon law states, a baptized male alone receives sacred ordination validly. in pope john paul ii said, i declare that the church has no authority whatsoever to confer priestly ordination on women and that this judgment is to be definitively held by all the church s faithful. and the congregation for the doctrine of the faith has weighed in on the issue more than once. a statement in read, this teaching requires definitive assent, since, founded on the written word of god and from the beginning constantly preserved and applied in the tradition of the church, it has been set forth infallibly by the ordinary and universal magisterium. and in the doctrinal congregation stated, both the one who attempts to confer sacred ordination on a woman, and she who attempts to receive sacred ordination incur a latae sententiae automatic excommunication reserved to the apostolic see. and so the issue is settled. or is it?development of early church ministries jesus chose the twelve and others to help spread the word that god was working in the world uniquely through him. after his death and resurrection, local communities of believers formed; and within them leaders emerged or were chosen. in a natural way, the shape of such leadership was often borrowed from contemporary society. there were episkopoi, or overseers, in synagogues, who managed finances and sometimes settled disputes, and overseers in the civic world responsible for community projects, like the building of a road. there were presbyteroi, or elders, councils of men who formed administrative boards in synagogues and other religious institutions. adopted by the christian communities, these offices would develop into the episcopate and priesthood. very early in the life of the church, around a.d. , the letter to the philippians names the episkopoi and diakonoi among its addressees. this latter group is our focus. many ministries contributed to the fruitful life of the community. some were transient, like speaking in tongues or prophecy, while others, like teaching, required more permanence. in the new testament, a whole range of such contributions to community well-being are clustered under the heading of the greek verb diakonein and its related nouns. an inclusive translation of these words would be to minister, ministry, minister. a diakonos in the secular society of the day was someone chosen and entrusted by another person with carrying out a specific task. this meaning carries over in the ministry words found in letters written by or attributed to st. paul. such services entrusted to a believer by god and or the community could range from preaching the gospel to encouraging the community to taking up a collection for hungry believers in jerusalem during a famine. in the first letter of timothy, which most scholars date at the end of the first century, the word deacons appears to be used in a more narrow way. requirements for the office :- are not especially spiritual but basic to living with integrity: dignified, not deceitful, not addicted to drink, not greedy, holding fast to the mystery of faith, tested first, must be married only once and manage their children and their households well. what exactly the deacons did is not spelled out, although in acts and they care for the needy and preach. timothy also stipulates that women, similarly, should be dignified, not slanderers, but temperate and faithful in everything. much has been written about whether these women are the wives of deacons or deacons themselves. there is good reason to believe that they, too, are deacons. paul in the letter to the romans famously calls phoebe a diakonos, the only named individual explicitly so designated in the new testament. here a note of caution is called for. it would be premature to make judgments about the diaconate today from these passages, since the specific nature of this ministry is not clearly defined.what deacons did by the third century, the hierarchical structure of church communities had developed into the now familiar pattern: bishop at the top, then priest, then deacon. deacons, ordained with an imposition of hands, taught, cared for the needy and assisted in the celebration of the eucharist and baptism. in some places they administered the finances of the community. circumstances also created a need for women to serve as deacons. since persons were unclothed when they were baptized, having men ministering to women would have been highly improper. the same reservation would apply to men visiting sick women in their homes. women deacons instructed women converts and greeted women who came to the christian gatherings. there is no evidence that they had a public role in teaching or preaching. by the end of the fourth century in the eastern churches, they were considered part of the clergy, made so through the laying on of hands. kevin madigan and carolyn osiek in ordained women in the early church: a documentary history, sum up the situation in the east: female deacons exercised liturgical roles, supervised the lives of women faithful, provided ongoing care for women baptizands, and were seen going on pilgrimage and interacting with their own families and the general population in a variety of ways. testimony about women deacons in the west is much scarcer and does not appear until the fifth century. inscriptions from africa, gaul, rome and dalmatia, for example, each name a woman deacon. the decrees of three church councils in france, in 441, 517 and 533, prohibiting their ordination are testimony that the institution continued for at least years after its prohibition. it is remarkable to note that in , pope benedict viii wrote to the bishop of porto in portugal giving him authority to ordain presbyters, deacons, deaconesses and subdeacons. by the end of the sixth century, however, the office of deacon for women outside monasteries was already in decline. one of the reasons given for this is the notion of cultic purity, meaning a suitability to approach sacred places and objects. it was believed that menstruation and childbirth made a woman ritually impure. another factor was the move away from adult baptism with its attendant nudity and need for modesty to infant baptism. communities of nuns would take over the nursing, charitable and teaching ministries without being ordained deacons. by the 12th century, women deacons anywhere were rare. the permanent male diaconate was also disappearing. tensions arose over the understanding and practice of the ministry of priest and deacon. many of the services of the deacon were gradually absorbed into the priesthood or taken up by other orders: subdeacons, acolytes, doorkeepers. the diaconate changed from a permanent office into a step on the way to priesthood.the current situation in recent years, several eastern orthodox church conferences have called for the ordination of women to the diaconate. the armenian apostolic church, which is not in union with rome but is recognized by rome as being in the line of succession to the apostles, with mutual recognition of sacraments and orders, has always had women deacons, though only a few serve today. their ministry includes service at the eucharist. but what about the roman catholic church? the second vatican council opened a new era by returning the diaconate to a permanent order. today about ,000 men throughout the world are deacons. knowledge of the historical presence of women deacons would raise the issue of their ordination. the congregation for the doctrine of the faith issued a declaration in that reaffirmed the exclusion of women from the priesthood. the official commentary commissioned by the c.d.f., however, had acknowledged the existence of deaconesses in the early church but was uncertain whether they had received sacramental ordination. the congregation had decided that this discussion should be kept for the future. the first draft of what was to be a pastoral letter by the bishops of the united states on the role of women in society and the church appeared in . it stated, we recommend that the question of the admission of women to the diaconal office be submitted to thorough investigation and that this study be undertaken and brought to completion soon. differences of opinion emerged as the letter worked its way through discussions by the full body of bishops. when the letter was finally approved in november , it noted that admission to the diaconate was among the concerns women had brought to the committee. the letter acknowledged the need for continuing dialogue and reflection on the meaning of ministry in the church, particularly in regard to the diaconate, the offices of lector and acolyte and to servers at the altar. the document was approved for release not as a pastoral letter of the episcopate but as a committee report. the sense of urgency or priority had disappeared. obstacles to considering women for ordination to the diaconate were formidable. canon limited sacred ordination to males, as we have seen. this exclusion was based on the practice of jesus and the church s long tradition of ordaining only men and on the so-called iconic argument. articulated regularly, as in pope john paul ii s letter to women of , the reasoning is that the person ordained is to be an icon, or living representation, of jesus as bridegroom and shepherd and therefore male. in a very significant paragraph was added to canon of the code of canon law. it states that bishops and priests receive the mission and capacity to act in the person of christ the head; deacons, however, are empowered to serve the people of god in the ministries of the liturgy, the word and charity. this wording had already appeared in the modified catechism of the catholic church issued in english in . in other words, the diaconate is a sacred order but with a difference from the episcopate or priesthood. bishops and priests represent christ the head, but this characteristic is not included in the description of deacons in their service to the people of god. iconic maleness is not a requirement for them. the international theological commission advises the congregation for the doctrine of the faith on important doctrinal matters. in , it issued the results of its study on the diaconate under the title from the diaconate of christ to the diaconate of the apostles. this study also anticipates the change in canon by emphasizing that the unity of the sacrament of holy orders, in the clear distinction between the ministries of the bishops and priests on the one hand and the diaconal ministry on the other, is strongly underlined by ecclesial tradition, especially in the teaching of the magisterium. as for the ordination of women to the diaconate, it concludes, it pertains to the ministry of discernment which the lord established in his church to pronounce authoritatively on this question. it leaves the ordination of women to the diaconate an open question. it is rumored that more than one bishop, from the united states and other countries, has raised the issue during ad limina visits to the vatican.why women deacons? women already minister extensively in the church. consecrated religious serve in various fields. thousands of other women serve in diocesan offices; in parishes as administrators, pastoral associates, directors of religious education, in the whole spectrum of parish life; in hospitals; in prisons. in contrast to the women of ancient times, women today play a very important part in public life, holding high offices in government, business, the professions and education. cultural reasons to exclude women from the diaconate, at least in the west, no longer apply. ordaining women as deacons who have the necessary personal, spiritual, intellectual and pastoral qualities would give their indispensable role in the life of the church a new degree of official recognition, both of their ministry and of their direct connection to their diocesan bishop for assignments and faculties. besides providing such women with the grace of the sacrament, ordination would enable them to exercise diaconal service in the teaching, sanctifying and governing functions of the church; it would also make it possible for them to hold ecclesiastical offices now limited to those in sacred orders. and as the international theological commission document points out, what the second vatican council was proposing was not a restoration of a previous form but the principle of the permanent exercise of the diaconate italics in the french original and in the english translation and not one form which the diaconate had taken in the past. who knows what new and grace-filled enrichment of that ministry might grow from the ordination of women as deacons? the ordination of women to the diaconate is separate from the question of the ordination of women to the priesthood, as this discussion has, i hope, shown. that issue was addressed by the declaration of pope john paul ii. regarding the ordination of women to the diaconate, it is up to episcopal conferences and bishops, to theologians and historians and to concerned catholics to raise the issue for wider and more public consideration. listen to a conversation with bishop emil a. wcela.
__label__non_math	0.9973	first-time print subscribers if you are a subscriber to america magazine but have not yet logged into the web site, please enter your subscription account number from your mailing label below. a web account will be created for you. your mailing label should look similar to the one shown above. the account number is highlighted in yellow.
__label__non_math	1.0000	bloomsburg, pa. -- some columns are easier to write than others. this is one of them. providing all of my research were the "family values" this week, second term gov. mark sanford of south carolina disappeared for six days, leaving the state without a chief executive who could make decisions in an emergency. his republican lieutenant governor didn't know where he was, and had not been given any authority to make decisions in his absence. the state police said they had not been informed. his wife told the associated press she didn't know where he was, wasn't worried about him, and thought he was "writing something and wanted some space to get away from the kids" over the father's day weekend. his senior aides said he was walking along the appalachian trail to "clear his head." but it wasn't his head that he was clearing. when he returned, after first lying to a reporter for the columbia state who caught up with him on his return to the atlanta airport, he finally admitted he went to argentina to meet with a long-time lover. his wife, who was not by his side when he held an early afternoon press conference, later said she and the governor had separated two weeks earlier. the state later produced e-mail love letters it had been keeping since december. the rising young star of the republican party who was seen as a presidential contender in , the man who was head of the republican governors association until the day after he acknowledged his extramarital affair, the man who had wanted to deprive his state of million in federal stimulus funds as a political message to president obama, the man who had established himself as a beacon for the sanctity of marriage and the values of the oh-so-pure religious right, who a decade earlier as a congressman had strongly condemned bill clinton's extramarital affair, was not only an adulterer, but for at least the second time had left his state at risk since there were no contingency plans of how to reach him in an emergency. alas, gov. sanford isn't the only "family values" philanderer. slightly more than a week earlier, sen. john ensign r-nev. admitted he had a nine-month extramarital affair with one of his campaign staff. ensign, who was contemplating a run for president in , had been chair of the republican policy committee and the national republican senatorial committee. like gov. sanford, sen. ensign only admitted to the affair after information had been leaked to the media. this is the same john ensign who, as a congressman, had curled his lips in revulsion at bill clinton's affair, and demanded he either resign or be impeached. "he has no credibility," ensign told the las vegas review-journal in . six years later, now a senator, ensign supported a federal ban on same sex marriages by declaring, "marriage is the cornerstone on which our society was founded. ... m arriage, and the sanctity of that institution, predates the american constitution and the founding of our nation." ironically, ensign is active in promise keepers, an evangelical group. also vigorously calling for president clinton's impeachment, while having had their own extramarital affairs and covering them up or lying about them, were: rep. henry hyde r-ill. , chair of the house judiciary committee and the "house manager" for the impeachment, who lied about his own four-year affair with a married woman and then when a newspaper published details in called the affair in the 40s nothing more than a "youthful indiscretion." he retired in after terms in the house. rep. bob barr r-ga. , who was the first legislator in congress to call for clinton's resignation and then became one of the leaders of the impeachment movement. barr's background, however, wasn't family values pure. he never denied committing adultery with his second wife, and later, while married to his third wife, was photographed at what passed as a charity event licking whipped cream off the breasts of two women. barr left office in , after four terms. rep. helen chenoweth r-idaho , who was one of the first to call for clinton's resignation, told the spokane spokesman-review that god had pardoned her sins for her six-year extra-marital affair. chenoweth left office in january after keeping her promise not to serve more than three terms. fourteen-term rep. dan burton r-ind , chair of the house government reform and oversight committee, who not only had a long-time affair with a state employee but had fathered a son from that affair. his website once screamed, "above all, dan burton believes the people have a right to principled leadership and that character does matter." sen. larry craig r-idaho , who told tim russert on nbc-tv's "meet the press" in that "the american people already know that bill clinton is a bad boy - a naughty boy. i'm going to speak out for the citizens of my state, who in the majority think that bill clinton is probably even a nasty, bad, naughty boy." however, craig himself was a "bad boy." in september he pleaded guilty, and then tried to withdraw his conviction on charges that he solicited a man in the minneapolis-st. paul airport. several gay men later told the idaho statesman that craig, who was married since , had previously tried to solicit them or had sexual relations with them. craig resigned in september , and then reversed himself, staying in office through . he did not run for re-election. rep. newt gingrich r-ga. , house speaker from to , who may have had an affair while his first wife was in the hospital recovering from cancer. gingrich later cheated on his second wife with the woman who became his third wife during the time he was pushing for clinton's resignation. rep. bob livingston r-la. , who was gingrich's designated successor until he admitted his own infidelities and eventually resigned from the house. sen. david vitter r-la. , who was elected to livingston's house seat and served three terms before being identified in a prostitution scandal in louisiana. in , he was elected to the senate, three years before hustler magazine linked him as a client of a prostitution service in washington, d.c. rep. don sherwood r-pa , who had a five year affair with a woman years his junior. she later charged that sherwood had assaulted her several times. he eventually settled for what ap reported was about . among those who supported sherwood during his primary re-election were sen. rick santorum r-pa. , one of the leaders of the conservative coalition who in november said that "compassionate conservatism relies on healthy families," and president george w. bush who went to northeastern pennsylvania to help raise funds for sherwood. however, in the general election of november , sherwood was defeated for a fifth term. rep. vito fossella jr. r-n.y. , who, as a first term congressman with a 100 percent voting approval record from the christian coalition, was morally outraged at bill clinton's personal conduct. a decade later, he was arrested for drunken driving in may . upon intense media scrutiny, he also admitted that while still married he had fathered a girl, now four years old, with an air force congressional liaison officer who was the woman who came to his assistance the night of his dui arrest. after six terms, fossella chose not to run for a seventh term. sen. john mccain r-ariz. , who had delivered a passionate plea to the senate on why he planned to vote to convict president clinton, citing legal issues. however, mccain had previously acknowledged his own several extramarital affairs in the 1970s, and had accepted the blame for the deterioration of his first marriage and estrangement from his children. add to the list of morally bankrupt republicans: five-term sen. bob packwood r-ore. who resigned in september , three years before the clinton impeachment, after the bipartisan ethics committee unanimously recommended his expulsion following charges of sexual abuse and assault by women, most of them either former staffers or lobbyists. rep. mark foley r-fla. , a six-term congressman, and co-chair of the missing and exploited children's caucus, who had sent sexually explicit e-mails and text messages to a year-old male congressional page. foley resigned in september , two months before the general election, long after the republican leadership had failed to discipline him, and only after a blog stopsexpredators.blogspot.com and abc-tv news exposed his hoped-for affairs may have included other staff dating back at least a decade. rep. robert e. bauman r-md. , publicly homophobic founder of young americans for freedom and the american conservative union, who admitted he had solicited sex with a year old male. bauman lost the general election in and later declared himself to be gay. rep. donald lukens r-ohio , who was convicted in of a misdemeanor for having sex with a -year-old girl. the "affair" may have begun three years earlier. lukens finally resigned in october , after having lost the republican primary several months earlier. republican leaders aren't the only ones who commit adultery, nor are conservatives or members of the religious right, including preachers, solely the ones to have violated the seventh and tenth commandments. democrats also have a litany of their own scandals. but, it is the "family values" republican leaders, who have led the party of right wing moral indignation; it is the religious right that has overtaken the party and wears the now-tarnished shield of righteousness to protect itself against anyone who doesn't share their own views of the world, including moderate and liberal republicans, and anyone belonging to another political party. the hypocrisy and moral turpitude of the leaders is just one reason why only percent of americans identify themselves as walter m. brasch is a university professor of journalism, social issues columnist, and the author of books. his current book is sinking the ship of state: the presidency of george w. bush, available from amazon.com, bn.com, and other stores. you may contact him through his website,
__label__non_math	0.9997	the american cable association "aca" submits these reply comments in support of the comments filed in this docket by the national cable telecommunications association "ncta" . the commission should impose a uniform subscriber-based regulatory fee on all mvpds, including dbs providers. american cable association. aca represents nearly ,100 independent cable companies that serve more than million cable subscribers, primarily in smaller markets and rural areas. aca member systems are located in all states and in virtually every congressional district. the companies range from family-run cable businesses serving a single town to multiple system operators that focus on serving small markets and rural areas. more than half of aca's members serve fewer than ,000 subscribers. please use the information below to get in touch with the american cable association.
__label__non_math	0.9855	ah, how time flies. wasn't it only yesterday that we were watching zac efron sing and dance his way through high school? and here he is in "the lucky one" warner bros. , all grown up and a marine veteran of the iraq war to boot no parris-island pun intended . this being a nicholas sparks property, we linger by the troubled rivers of babylon only long enough to learn that efron's character sgt. logan thibault by name has earned the titular accolade by surviving at least two close calls. logan attributes his good fortune to the photograph of an attractive young stranger he accidentally discovered in the midst of battle. so, on returning home, he seeks her out to thank her. by identifying the lighthouse that looms in the background of the image what are the odds? logan finds himself in the hallmark card-perfect rural setting of fictional hamden, la. there the object of his search turns out to be local kennel owner beth green taylor schilling . logan is too tongue-tied, during their first encounter, to explain the nature of his quest -- thus storing up plot complications for the future. but he makes a better impression on beth's wise grandmother, ellie blythe danner , who hires him to help out with the dogs. and logan soon hits it off with beth's clever-beyond-his-years young son, ben riley thomas stewart , as well. despite some initial resistance on beth's part it takes her a full minutes of screen time to wake up and smell the pheromones and to the dismay of her scheming ex-husband keith jay r. ferguson , the black-hat town deputy, our two destined lovebirds inevitably fall for each other. director scott hicks confects a serviceable date movie from catholic author sparks' novel, as written for the screen by will fetters. attention is diverted from the jumbo improbabilities at work by alar kivilo's luxuriant cinematography of cajun-country sunsets and such as well as by some wry observations from granny and ben. but the generally amiable proceedings which register, at times, like a prolonged iced tea commercial are marred by a couple of overheated scenes glamorizing the as-yet unwed leads' serial bedroom encounters. though relatively brief, they strictly preclude viewership by any but adults. the film contains a benign view and semigraphic portrayal of premarital sexual activity, a reference to out-of-wedlock pregnancy, at least one use of profanity and a handful of crude and crass terms. the catholic news service classification is a-iii adults. the motion picture association of america rating is pg- parents strongly cautioned. some material may be inappropriate for children under . john mulderig is on the staff of catholic news service. thank you for your comments. editors will review all posts before they are visible on the website.
__label__non_math	1.0000	about american frontiers about american frontiers: a public lands journey america's public lands are a treasured part of our national heritage, representing its grandeur, bountiful promise, and vast natural resources. all citizens share in the rights and the responsibilities of seeing that our public lands are cared for and managed in a way that meets the current and future needs of the american people. to highlight the beauty, the accessibility, and the benefits of our public lands, the public lands interpretive association plia , an albuquerque, new mexico-based non-profit organization that provides interpretive and educational resources to the public, mapped out a canada-to-mexico trek exclusively on public lands, called american frontiers: a public lands journey. the journey, or trek,involved two groups of travelers: one starting north from the mexican border and the second headed south from the canadian. their route lay entirely on public lands, a feat that has never been accomplished before. the trek began on and ended two months later when the two teams met in wasatch-cache national forest near salt lake city, utah on september . inspired by american frontiers: a public lands journey, national geographic society has designed its geography action to demonstrate the different ways people get about on our public lands--and to stay within the -day limit of the journey--trek participants utilized numerous modes of transportation for this historic border-to-border journey across america. the hiked and backpacked, rode horses, mountain bikes, atvs and dual sport motorcycles; rafted, canoed, drove pickup trucks, motorboats and 4wd vehicles, and even spent a few leisurely days on a houseboat. along the route the two teams attended special events, round table discussions, visited schools and communities to learn about public land issues. and, of course, they saw some of the most spectacular scenery of the american west. their journal entries eloquently describe the feelings public lands awoke in them and also the daily routine of the long trek. you'll enjoy reading them. three years in the making, american frontiers: a public lands journey has enlisted numerous partners and sponsors including the national geographic society, the department of the interior, the usda forest service, bureau of land management, usgs, national environmental education and training foundation, fire wise communities, american honda, kodak, the coleman company, and many others. for a full list of our sponsors, please look under "our sponsors" on the home page. to learn more about american frontiers, please spend some time on this website, read the team members' journals, enjoy the photographs ot follow their route on the maps. for more information about american frontiers, please contact the public lands interpretive association, fourth street, nw, albuquerque, nm or call our toll-free number 877-851-. you can also email to smaurer everyone inspired by the public lands journey should pay a visit to our public lands. to find out more about recreation opportunities on public lands, please visit the public lands information center online. there, you can find detailed recreation information, interactive recreation maps, and a large selection of guidebooks and maps. all material
__label__non_math	0.9999	- historic sites to a distant and perilous service westward with the course of empire colonel jonathan drake stevenson took his way in . with him went the denizens of new york s tammany wards, oyster cellars, and gin mills the future leaders of california. three weeks later, in a millrace on the american river in northern california, john marshall spotted the flicker of gold. by the end of summer, , the los angeles garrison, like every other encampment of the new york volunteers, was abandoned, the harbinger of anglo-saxon civilization scattered to the hills, the coastal towns and villages of california half-deserted. the little port of san francisco had become the focus of world migration. captain folsom, the staff quartermaster, having secured appointment as collector of the port, was on his way to becoming a millionaire. the russ family, purveyors of moroccan leather and holiday fireworks, had opened a jewelry shop and begun assembling an empire of hotels, beer gardens, office buildings, and residential blocks. sergeant john c. pulis, late of lippitt s monstrous company f, had become the first sheriff of san francisco. lieutenant edward gilbert was editing the alta california , the leading newspaper in the territory; captain naglee he of the bathtime rebellion had founded the territory s first bank; lieutenant hewlett had opened a boardinghouse; captain frisbee had started a commission agency and was in prospect of marrying the eldest daughter of general vallejo; lieutenant vermeule, the plague of abel stearns, had set himself up as a lawyer and would soon be elected a delegate to the california constitutional convention and a member of the state legislature; and the reverend mr. thaddeus m. leavenworth, chaplain to the regiment, had attained the quasi-judicial position of alcalde of san francisco and was granting homesteads and auctioning public lands with a christian generosity that scandalized even his former associates. as for the colonel, he was well on his way to a second career and a second marriage and a second family as a legal counselor, politician, and founder of a grandiose ghost city called new-york-of-the-pacific, which endures today only in the name of a slough on the edge of san francisco bay. the former new york boys were scattered by then throughout california, styling themselves doctors, lawyers, judges, or capitalists. a few in san francisco called themselves the hounds or, on formal occasions, the regulators. they were the first recognizable new york style drinking-and-marching society in the far west, and their raucous behavior soon aroused the more orderly citizens of the town to form the prototype of san francisco s several committees of vigilance. for better or worse, the americanization of california had begun.
__label__non_math	0.9974	- historic sites george c. marshall museum the museum dedicated to the life of general george c. marshall also houses many of his papers in the research library. this museum profiles one of the 20th century's greatest military and diplomatic leaders through exhibits related to the marshall era . marshall led the allied military through world war ii and organized the european recovery program marshall plan , which rebuilt europe when the war was over. the general's papers are housed in the research library.
__label__math	0.7077	fenwal gas ignition controls description: -try 30sec pp,.sec t.r.i. subcategory: ignition modules series - - vac microprocessor based direct spark ignition vac microprocessor based dsi control pressure switch monitoring system diagnostic led alarm output normally closed contact automatic reset hour after lockout custom prepurge and interpurge timings multiple tries for ignition remote or local flame sensing flame sense test pins the series -and -are vac microprocessor based direct spark ignition controls designed for use in all types of heating applications. the control utilizes a microprocessor to continually and safely monitor, analyze and control the proper operation of the gas burner. value added features such as combustion blower control, led diagnostics, automatic one hour reset, and flame current test pins highlight the controls benefits. other similar appliances ul component recognized system. design certified to ul 372, file mh8817. software conforms to ul requirements. design certified to ansi z21., can csa c22.no. 199-m89 ce approved to en 298: certified to standards ag206 and ag2 replaces part numbers: -201, car35-201
__label__non_math	0.9822	loud aggressive tone. a bassani catback will give your coyote powered gt mustang a much more aggressive exhaust note, than that of a stock gt. this catback and x-pipe combo will greatly improve your .'s exhaust flow for more power and an impressive muscle car sound.reuses stock cats. the included bassani power x-pipe bolts up directly behind the stock factory catalytic converters with no cutting required saving you time and money. by reusing your stock catalytic converters you ensure that your mustang is smog-legal.quality construction. constructed from mandrel bent " stainless steel tubing to improve exhaust flow this bassani catback exhaust system includes a power x-pipe and features two " round race mufflers that end in " polished stainless steel slant tips for impressive muscle car styling.lifetime warranty. bassani catbacks are precision-engineered from resilient stainless steel for long lasting durability and are backed by bassani's lifetime warranty.application. this bassani catback exhaust system with included x-pipe is designed to fit gt mustangs equipped with either the stock factory manifolds or aftermarket shorty headers installed. , , , details
__label__non_math	1.0000	did you receive an email promotion? simply click on the link below, attach email the file to us. : to send us an email promotion firstname.lastname enter your email required so we can send your confirmation price match email note: your email information will be used solely for the purpose of this communication and will not be distributed or sold to any third party. don't forget: we do not match prices from classified ads and auctions. we do not match prices on discontinued, closeout, b-stock, demo or used gear. and, we don't match prices from dealers outside the us. click here for more detail on our price matching policies
__label__non_math	1.0000	the worst of the flooding is over in jefferson davis parish, but high water is still preventing some areas from being assessed, officials told state and federal damage assessment teams tuesday. doris maricle american press doris maricle american press last modified: wednesday, lake arthur the worst of the flooding is over in jefferson davis parish, but high water is still preventing some areas from being assessed, officials told state and federal damage assessment teams tuesday. parish road supervisor owen cormier said nearly a dozen roads were damaged by floodwaters, but that some are still unreachable. most of the damage included potholes and road surface materials that were washed away by rising water, he said. cassidy road of la. and west niblett road off la. remain closed because of high water. there is still water on some of those roads, but it is going down slowly, cormier said. sonja mccoy, spokesperson for the parish office of emergency preparedness, said homes were damaged by flooding mainly in the castex landing area just east of jennings, pom roy road west of lake arthur and the town of lake arthur. at least one home in welsh was damaged by floodwaters. heavy damage has been reported in the southern part of lake arthur, just inside vermilion parish. mayor robbie bertrand said lingering floodwaters are making damage assessment harder in lake arthur. the water has not receded yet for us to assess some things, he said. much of the concern is for the roads and beach area, he said. some streets took a pounding, and we haven t been able to repair them yet, bertrand said. before this happened the streets were in one condition; afterwards there is a lot of difference. the beach area of the town s downtown park remained flooded tuesday.bertrand said cleanup has begun in other areas where floodwaters have receded. town clerk cindy mallett said the town incurred many expenses before, during and after the flooding, including supplies, overtime labor, equipment use, cleanup and fuel. emergency labor was used to help pump off the water and help secure the levees that were overtopped by floodwaters in several areas. drainage board and town officials are looking to increase the levee s height by a foot to prevent backwater in areas considered too low. an individual assessment of the parish s damage to include homes and other structures was completed last week, according to douglas zettlemoyer, regional coordinator for the governor s office of homeland security and emergency preparedness. teams from gohsep and fema, along with parish officials, began public assessments of parish roads, bridges, buildings, levees and other public property this week. the biggest thing we need to do today is go out and look at all the damage we can and to start with the worst-damaged roads, gohsep disaster recovery liaison marlys sanders said. the team will also assess the levees in the lake arthur area, she said.
__label__non_math	0.9985	review of piec-lique curves the new way - reviewer: bellaonline, connie krochmal from usa now there s a way to create the look of appliqu when piecing. quilt designer sharon schamber came up with this innovative, award winning way to sew curved seams that requires no pinning. she has written piec-lique curves the new way. in this title, she presents breathtaking quilt blocks using this easy, revolutionary method. among the patterns are many with floral themes, such as blue bells, irises, black-eyed susan, and daises. there are also patterns for classic quilt favorites like the new york beauty, baskets, and pinwheels. in the introduction, she provides all the basic techniques and details you will need. for each of the blocks, there are easy to follow instructions, patterns, and sample layouts. at the end of the book is a gallery showing quilts made with the piec-lique method. these stunning quilts are sure to inspire quilters. review of piec-lique: curves the new way - reviewer: anonymous from spring creek, nv, us sharon schamber loves the look of needle-turn appliqu . problem is, she has some physical problems that make it difficult to do needleturn. so she set about creating a way to achieve those smooth graceful curves that come from appliqu using a machine. her technique, described in piec-liqu curves the new way, is very interesting and best of all, it works. you can create beautiful curved shapes from piecing that look like appliqu using this fast, accurate, and fun method of simply stitching in the fold. best of all, no pins are required
__label__non_math	0.8447	the scientific world is abuzz with news of the ratification of the existence of the subatomic particle called the higgs boson - or more colloquially, the 'god particle.' this subatomic particle's existence - which was verified recently with virtually near certainty by experiments at the large hadron collider in switzerland - lends credence to several long-standing physical theories such as the so-called standard model and the big bang theory. the nickname god particle is ironic for two reasons. first, generally, the nuclear physicists who deal with these matters - postulating the fundamental physical laws of the universe and then setting about to either verify or refute them - tend not to be regular church-goers. while there are some highly prominent scientists who balance personal, religious beliefs with professional, scientific quests, most probably go along with the thoughts of the world-famous physicist, stephen hawking: i regard the brain as a computer which will stop working when its components fail. there is no heaven or afterlife for broken down computers; that is a fairy story for people afraid of the dark. interview in the guardian, spontaneous creation is the reason there is something rather than nothing, why the universe exists, why we exist. it is not necessary to invoke god... from his book; the grand design, so it is a bit ironic that physics' most famous quest has resulted in the discovery of the 'god particle.' most physicists are quite comfortable having their names associated with famous - even if dead - humans like newton, einstein or the afore-mentioned hawking. one will find few, if any, attributions to deities in the objects that physicists discover and name or the theories they propose. second, and more importantly, the discovery that the god particle really exists does not - as the name suggests - imply that god played some role in the creation of the universe. in fact, quite the opposite. the matter is discussed at some length in the july daily beast by lawrence kraus, a well-known physicist cosmologist from arizona state university: this term god particle appeared first in the unfortunate title of a book written by physicist leon lederman two decades ago, and while to my knowledge it was never used by any scientist including lederman before or since, it has captured the media's imagination. what makes this term particularly unfortunate is that nothing could be further from the truth. assuming the particle in question is indeed the higgs, it validates an unprecedented revolution in our understanding of fundamental physics and brings science closer to dispensing with the need for any supernatural shenanigans all the way back to the beginning of the universe...if these bold, some would say arrogant, notions derive support from the remarkable results at the large hadron collider, they may reinforce two potentially uncomfortable possibilities: first, that many features of our universe, including our existence, may be accidental consequences of conditions associated with the universe's birth; and second, that creating "stuff" from "no stuff" seems to be no problem at all-everything we see could have emerged as a purposeless quantum burp in space or perhaps a quantum burp of space itself. humans, with their remarkable tools and their remarkable brains, may have just taken a giant step toward replacing metaphysical speculation with empirically verifiable knowledge. the higgs particle is now arguably more relevant than god. so the term god particle was first used by a scientist, but was picked up and popularized by the media. it's catchy and enhances interest in the subject among the public. but like so much else that the media promotes, it is misleading and inappropriate.
__label__non_math	0.9964	i've asked my friend tania to write a little bit about how autism has touched her life. here is her story. going food shopping. going to the park. driving to school. you know, the common tasks we all do. it may be just as simple as loading your kids in the car, but for me, it's got to be setup as a plan. "where are we going?" "how long until we're there?" "which way are we going to go?" those are just some simple daily questions i get asked from my cute -year old, who is on the autism spectrum. when he requests his favorite curious george listening cd in the car, it's not by title, it's by the disk number and track number: -. he has memorized not only the disk numbers track numbers from the curious george cd, but he can tell me on any of my disks in my car, the song title and the disk number track number to those disks in my car. "where are we going?" "how long until we're there?" "which way are we going to go?" those questions may seem very innocent, but i do admit, after a while, the same questions over and over again can be draining. if i go a different way to the store, i have to explain why. if he doesn't want to go to the store, i have to explain why we have to go, and then tell him the sequence of events of what will happen after we go to the store. i think i've trained myself so much that it's second nature to me. other people may just think i'm a good planner if they overhear me talking to my kids in the store. my -year old, despite being on the spectrum, is incredibly gifted. when he was years old, he could count to . not only that, but he could count by 's and 's. he's reading at a 2nd grade level, and can help me cook, because he can read instructions. he's also so very cuddly and just has a sunshine personality. seriously, this boy can brighten anyone's day by his amazing smile. we're extremely lucky. it's that thing called autism that can get in the way sometimes.... first, let's talk about autism. it's a biological disorder that affects approximately out of 100 children. autism speaks states there are findings that boys are more susceptible to autism, with out of boys who are diagnosed each year. and the cause? well, there are different theories out there: genetics, environmental toxins... others believe that vaccinations have made children autistic. this is the area where research is being conducted and, in my opinion, needs to be heavily supported: ; as for as symptoms to look out for, there are very specific areas: communication difficulties, social symptoms, and repetative behaviors: ; usually kids on the spectrum speak later or some do not speak at all , have little sporadic eye contact with individuals, have difficulty regulating their bodies sensory processing disorder: and have other symptoms as well. early intervention is so critical with these children. i strongly recommend seeking as much treatment as possible- as often as possible- when your child is young. i remember traveling -minutes away, -days a week for about a year to a speech therapist to help our son speak. this was when insurance didn't cover a dime. what may be an everyday, typical task for you-- well, it takes me a little longer with a little bit more explaining to do. when you're off with the kids going to soccer practice, i'm off with my -year old taking him to occupational therapy to help him regulate his body since his body has a difficult time processing things that are so common to our us -- touches to our skin, food textures, etc. to give an even better example of sensory processing disorder- take something as giving a hug. someone who has a sensory processing disorder may not realize they are squeezing the other person so hard that it hurts, since that person's body may be under-registering that type of touch. on the weekends i also take my son to a social group, where he needs help understanding social cues and how to interact with his peers. we're so fortunate to have another little boy who is years old who apparently is like a therapist for my oldest son. he engages his big brother into playing chase and board games. it's truly amazing to see how much my oldest son has accomplished.... from barely speaking at age to now, where he makes jokes that has us laughing. he is now on a typical soccer team, and we're already planning summer programming to ensure he is constantly involved in different activities and engages with other children - to help him remain comfortable around his peers. we're so fortunate that our son is mild on the autism spectrum, as other families have it much harder. i cannot even imagine how life is for other families. but what i can say is that it's an expensive, exhausting disorder, that you can probably only comprehend if you're living with autism, everyday, just like we do. proud mommy of alex and aiden .
__label__non_math	0.7670	from america's test kitchen season : indian classics made easy makes pieces this recipe worked best with a high-protein all-purpose flour such as king arthur brand. do not use nonfat yogurt in this recipe. a -inch nonstick skillet may be used in place of the cast-iron skillet. for efficiency, stretch the next ball of dough while each naan is cooking.
__label__non_math	0.9999	130 south main st., prairie du chien, distance from hotel: .miles this national historic landmark includes the fort hospital building with exhibits and early medical research by dr. william beaumont. 717 s beaumont rd prairie du chien, wisconsin distance from hotel: .miles this state of the art marina and public boat dock is sure to provide your family with an exciting and fascinating experience. 301 n saint feriole dr the historic villa louis mansion on st. feriole island was the home of the state s first millionaire. this beautiful victorian mansion was built in by the family of an entrepreneurial frontiersman who turned his various investments into a enormous fortune. today the home is restored to its british arts-and-crafts-style elegance during its heyday in the 1890s. 521 n villa louis rd distance from hotel: .miles pike s peak offers stunning views first-rate hiking and camping and a terrific atmosphere for group gatherings. limery road distance from hotel: miles explorer offers charters and scheduled eco-cruises on the mississippi river wildlife refuge. view bald eagles herons pelicans and scenic natural beauty 100 water street distance from hotel: miles great river rd distance from hotel: .miles the effigy mounds covers acres with over miles of hiking trails that wind along the hundreds of preserved indian mounds. the visitor center offers films a museum a bookstore and naturalist programs. 151 hwy harpers ferry, iowa distance from hotel: .miles maiden voyage offers river cruises boat tours dinner cruises ecological tours and more andy mountain lane distance from hotel: .miles here you'll find opportunities for antique shopping, charming specialty stores, and eagles landing winery. marquette was formerly the largest railroad terminal in iowa and is home to the depot museum. a town preserved in character that sprouted from a ferry boat landing in . the landing eventually grew into one of the most important shipping depots west of chicago. visitors and residents enjoy a host of great antique and specialty shops, unique restaurants, unlimited river recreation, and pikes peak state park. americinn international, llc
__label__non_math	0.9996	income tax department amherst codified ordinances see chapter 191 for income tax ordinance city of amherst income tax returns or requests for an extension to file are due on . the tax office is located in the san spring building at 480 park avenue. normal business hours are monday through friday, to . the office will be open extended hours on the following dates: returns can be prepared in the office, free of charge. they can also be prepared using the new fillable pdf. the online tax calculator is now available and is located at the following web address: the tax calculation tool can be used to calculate most amherst city tax returns, check estimates or request a filing extension. after the filing deadline, the tax calulator can still be used to calculate returns; however, penalty and interest will not be accessed until the return is filed with the tax office. any penalty and interest will be billed to you once the tax return is received. payment can be made online using a credit card or ach through your checking account. if this tool is used it will still be necessary to submit the tax form and supporting documents to the tax office. please contact the tax office if you have any questions. general income tax information the city of amherst, ohio has mandatory income tax filing. the tax rate, in effect since , is . with a credit given for taxes paid to other cities per amherst codified ordinance 191.. one percent of the total tax rate is used for general fund expenses. the remaining one-half percent is divided equally between the general fund and the street improvement fund. in january, tax forms are mailed to every amherst resident who is on file with our office. while every effort is made to mail a tax form to all taxpayers required to file, it is the taxpayer s responsibility to obtain a form. the tax forms can be obtained in the tax office any time during business hours or from the amherst public library during the months of february, march and april. they can also be obtained at the links listed below. upon request, our office will calculate your individual amherst city tax forms for you free of charge. estimated payments are accepted, but are not mandatory. they can be set up at the time of filing, or at any time by informing the tax office. the city of amherst will honor federal extensions. if you file an extension, please inform the tax office in writing by the original due date. failure to request an extension before the original due date will result in a .late filing penalty. interest will accrue on any tax due unless estimated payments were made and paid in full. the income tax office is open monday through friday from a.m. to p.m. please feel free to call our office. we will be glad to answer any questions you may have. tax forms for individuals business: forms of payment accepted the tax office will accept personal checks, money orders, cash, ach payments see form above and visa, master card, or discover card in the office. credit cards and ach payments can also be made on the internet using the u s bank payment system.
__label__non_math	1.0000	china s supplies of copper scrap said running down demand for copper scrap remains firm in china, tightening supplies on the ground and narrowing spreads with the shanghai futures exchange shfe , market participants said. yards have been buying in the domestic market because high prices on the london metal exchange and comex make it uneconomical to import scrap. "although the copper price jumped to a historical high of almost ,000 per tonne in the middle of last month, we truly found it difficult for chinese buyers to quote copper scrap at the same rate. so it is totally understandable that foreign suppliers chose to sell their commodities locally in their own countries, since we could not provide a competitive price," according to one nanhai, guangdong province-based copper scrap buyer mainly focused on no. and no. copper..... to access amm's full content, please log in below. if you do not have an amm account, we invite you to take a free trial or subscribe below. already a registered amm.com user? access to amm.com editorial content is granted only to paid subscribers and trialists. if you do not have an active account in your own name, please either subscribe or take a trial and you will have instant access to amm.com content. sharing your login credentials with individuals who are not subscribers represents a violation of amm copyright. every morning, every minute no matter how often you follow the markets, there's an amm subscription to fit your needs. not sure if you are ready to invest in a subscription right now? take a free, no-obligation trial. start your free trial today.
__label__non_math	1.0000	china's aluminum consolidation drive may benefit chalco shanghai the drive for industry consolidation and restructuring by chinas leadership is expected to benefit big companies, such as aluminum corp. of china ltd. chalco , according to market participants. on jan. , the countrys ministry of industry and information technology miit , the national development and reform commission ndrc and other ministries set out guidelines for the future structure of nine industries, including aluminum, rare earths and steel. according to the guidelines, china aims to have a few aluminum business conglomerates with "core competitiveness and international influence" by , and have the top smelters accounting for percent of the countrys total production capacity..... to access amm's full content, please log in below. if you do not have an amm account, we invite you to take a free trial or subscribe below. already a registered amm.com user? access to amm.com editorial content is granted only to paid subscribers and trialists. if you do not have an active account in your own name, please either subscribe or take a trial and you will have instant access to amm.com content. sharing your login credentials with individuals who are not subscribers represents a violation of amm copyright. every morning, every minute no matter how often you follow the markets, there's an amm subscription to fit your needs. not sure if you are ready to invest in a subscription right now? take a free, no-obligation trial. start your free trial today.
__label__non_math	0.9989	argentina dove hunting do you have what it takes presented by cheyenne ridge signature lodge columbia, sc -- ammoland.com - by roger pinckney: down at the plaza de mayo, the argentines are beating each other with sticks. the peronists have stormed their own headquarters and will not come out until they call a bomb threat on themselves. we are a couple of miles away at el aeroparque jorge newberry, and the pilots are on strike. argentine pilots have not been paid in two weeks, but we are flying lan chile. there is no great love lost between the nations. argentines tell you they are the steak and chile is the bone for the dogs. if i told you what the chileans say about argentines, they would not print it here. so lan will keep flying, but late. instead of shooting birds in cordoba, we are wishing it wasn t too early for senor jack daniels. me and claudette, my second trip, her third. two hours later there is a stirring at the gate, an airbus making ready to load. no jetway here, downstairs, across the tarmac and up a ladder. the guncase goes up the conveyor and thumps into the cargo bay. bringing your guns to argentina? not for the harried, hurried or the faint of heart. you send your outfitter the numbers six weeks in advance and he generates the papers on his end. somebody meets you at the gate and escorts you to an office where special police check serial numbers and collect a hundred bucks a gun, more if they feel like it. a deal if you figure it by the page, the artistic flaring fancy wristwork in stamp, stamp, stamping each individual sheet half a dozen times. argentines, weary of coups and threats of coups, keep a close eye on guns coming into the country. we have a side-by-side and an over-under, two high-grade merkel 20s. merkel was among the german gunmakers who wound up on the wrong side of the iron curtain. the reds consolidated all the companies into one grand firearms collective to make shotguns for high-rolling comrade commissars. when the wall came down, merkel reorganized and moved into the western market. and that s where we come in. we re taking merkels to a land where benellis and berettas rule. we will see how they hold up. but we have to get there first. a bus from the estancia meets us at the cordoba airport. we are late, but earlier than the sole argentine flight, which delivers a contingent of texans. what yall got in the box? one wants to know. merkels, i say. this country looks like eastern montana, broad flat fields, checker-boarded by fence-rows and hedgerows with a line of ragged blue hills in the distance, but the cowboys hanging around the crossroad cantinas wear berets, not stetsons. one town short, there is a barricade of tires, pallets and sections of drag-harrow, teeth up. dour campesinos are standing around with sticks. do not worry, senores, the driver says, it is only the farm protest. the campesinos thrust leaflets through the windows, wave us on. we arrive at estancia los chanares in time for lunch. lunch is a serious undertaking in argentina and will burn up about two hours. fresh bread, an extravagance of salad, potatoes, steaks, ribs, dove breasts, wine, wine, wine and finally homemade ice cream and fruit cobbler. we waddle from the table and get introduced around. alex, a columbian and lifelong hunting guide, runs the lodge. his wife, jessica, a veteran restauranteur from buenos aries, runs the kitchen. martin organizes the shoots, ramrods the bird boys and fixes the guns when they need fixing, which is more often than you might expect. most estancias offer shooting wintertimes to help spread out the pesos and to thin flocks that can easily flatten a grainfield in an afternoon. but estancia los chanares manages crops for the birds, instead. the lodge is grand enough for any exiled ex-presidente, white stucco, fireplaces everywhere, formal gardens, swimming pool, red tile roof and red tile floors. the fields are angular and irregular, troublesome for agriculture but perfect for food plots. all around are rotten stone hills of impenetrable thornbushes chanares hence the name of this distant, obscure and excellent place. we meet our bird boys at the first stop, hugo and juan, brothers in their early 20s, swarthy, beady-eyed and diligent. two cases of shells, two field-seats, two coolers of water and quilmes, the favored local brew, feed sacks for the birds and the empty shells. they lead us to a makeshift blind strung between two thorn trees. they break out the shells orbeas made right up the road in tucuman and we break out the guns. hugo and juan tip boxes and the shells rattle into our vest pockets. i learn a lot that day. you can only shoot one bird at a time. a ventilated rib is a radiator. your gun will cool faster open and propped vertically against a convenient tree. finally, don t forget your shooting gloves. splat blood across my glasses. the new checkering has worn the hide right off my thumb. you boys got any band aids? no, senor, but martin will have them when he brings more shells. si, senor, these two cases will not last you so long. winter daylight comes late in these latitudes. reveille at eight, a bounteous breakfast at . alex and i linger over coffee. how many birds do you have? he smiles. twenty millions? forty millions? who knows? we have the largest dove roost in all of argentina. we ride to the morning shoot with a new arrival, harvey alexander from london. he s ecstatic. i can fly first class from london to buenos aires and shoot here for less than it costs me to shoot driven grouse in england we find hugo and juan on a foot-trail atop the brow of a long hogback ridge. there is a brightening field on one side, thornbush tangle on the other. after the pickup rattles away we notice a sound persistent as distant surf, as if the earth itself is breathing. millions upon countless millions of doves are cooing up the morning. already the air is full of them and the green hills echo with the crackle of gunfire. but how many doves can a man shoot? how many birds does a man want to shoot? last year another texan tried to figure it out. he shot ,016 doves in hours using three extended magazine benellis. he kept three bird boys busy, two loading, one counting. not sure of his shell bill, his hospital bill either. a couple of hours into it, claudette cusses. a fine screw in the forend hardware has worked itself loose. y all got a screwdriver? no, senor, martin will bring when he brings more shells. i sit crosslegged in tall grass and pull the forearm off the gun. the screw retains a cam that cocks the top barrel ejector. if we can t get us a screwdriver, we won t need more shells. no problemo, senor, hugo says and pulls a battered jack knife from his jeans. i baby the screw with a thumbnail instead. my nail splits, but the gun will shoot. we break for lunch, i peel the forend again and pass it to martin. he returns it with ceremonial flourish right at the table, along with an eyeglass screwdriver, custom ground to fit the fine merkel screw. back in business, for awhile anyway. a couple dozen boxes into the afternoon shoot, the double bellers and slaps my already pulverized shoulder twice as hard as expected. i reckon somebody in tucuman got careless with his powder dipper. juan comes to my side, looks over my battered shoulder as i puzzle over the gun. it has fired twice, senor. he s right. martin on our way out of the fields, we pick up one of the texans holding what s left of a semi-auto. the receiver literally fell apart in his hands. i was hoping to shoot a thousand birds today, he bemoans, but damnit, all i got was seven-fifty. nothing serious. an aluminum receiver with egged-out holes. the pins that secure the trigger group fell into the thorn tree leaves. martin has a zip-lock of them back at the estancia. i quiz martin. how many rounds been through that gun? he shrugs. in two years, maybe fifty thousand. fifty thousand? how do your over-unders stand up? they break hammers around sixty thousand. i can adjust them, but then they break springs. what s the absolutely toughest gun? the browning citori, senor. but the firing pins erode . . . clang, clang, bang. a wind is roaring down the andes and every rattly piece of metal, every gate, every loose board for a hundred miles is picking up the lunatic rhythm. clang, clang, clang. i ease out of bed and pad down to the great room looking for coffee. harvey alexander, the wandering britt, is hooked over a cuban cigar and his cell phone. the cigar works, the phone doesn t. i leave my doubling merkel on the gunrack and hornswoggle martin out of one of the house guns, a beretta silver pigeon . it s only a year old, the checkering has worn right off the stock, but it functions flawlessly. and brothers and sisters, i am here to testify that you can kill the hell out of doves with a . i drop the first straight. i tell you this not to brag, but only so you can share my astonishment. forty yards, sixty yards, doesn t matter. deadly beyond belief. claudette is shooting the merkel over-under and besides having to keep after the troublesome screw, she is dropping birds left and right. but the wind is still ripping. we are shooting from a hole hacked out of the thornbushes halfway down a steep ridge. birds careening downwind are just an impossible blur. upwind it s a little better. upwind or down, the birds can t see us until they are right on top of us. but we can t see them either and have only about two seconds to mount, swing and fire. maybe you never reckoned wingshooting an endurance sport, but here in argentina it is. three days and it shows. poor us, too tired to shoot anymore. we let the guns cool down one last time, crack a quilmes. back at the estancia, they have a fire roaring in the outside pit and the liquor is going down. the girls are coming out from cordoba, alex announces. who wants a massage? eighteen hands in the air. the bus is idling in the driveway. we powwow with alex and settle our shell bill, painful at ten bucks a box. that s the way they do it down here, turn you loose in a blizzard of birds and keep careful count. between the two of us, we have downed a thousand birds, an affront, an insult, a mockery. but alex acknowledges our sensibilities. we have a couple from sweden who come every year. they enjoy themselves but will only shoot five hundred birds each, he pauses, then adds, a day. halfway to the airport, there is a monumental jam of trucks and cars and buses. the campesinos are still at it. our driver hooks a hard right and takes us cross-country. after three or four miles eating dust, we are clear of the campesinos and on the main road again. back at our buenos aires hotel we are met by a harried bell captain who passes us a printed notice: there are some issues of local concern that have prompted rallies at the plaza de mayo . . . we wake next morning to a rumble as pervasive as ten million doves cooing, heady as a wind coming off the andes. fifty thousand campesinos have bolted the pampas and are heading to the plaza de mayo. busloads after countless busloads. musicians on the back of flatbed field trucks. funky little fiat sedans with blaring loudspeakers big as the cars. meanwhile, the government has laid off their legions of clerks, paid them 200 pesos each to go protest the protesters. claudette considers the proceedings and then glances at the clock. we have a couple of hours to kill. let s slip off to some sidewalk cafe and get us one good last meal before things bust loose. just a snack, a dozen poached shrimp on a bed of lettuce, tomatoes and avocadoes, home-baked bread and the obligatory local wine. then a series of low concussive thumps comes rolling over the rooftops. hey waiter, what s all the racket? he wrings his hands, mops his brow and looks uneasily off into middle distance. please do not worry, senor. it is only the tear gas bombs. ah argentina, i have what it takes to love you, a little money, a little spanish, a little patience, and a great sense of humor . . . editor s note: roger pinckney happily reports a drop of lock-tight fixed the over-under and there was nothing at all wrong with the side-by-side. his hand was so swollen, it crowded the selector button to middle position allowing both barrels to fire simultaneously. sporting classics is the magazine for discovering the best in hunting and fishing worldwide. every page is carefully crafted, through word and picture, to transport you on an unforgettable journey into the great outdoors. travel to the best hunting and fishing destinations. relive the finest outdoor stories from yesteryear. discover classic firearms and fishing tackle by the most renowned craftsmen. gain valuable knowledge from columns written by top experts in their fields: gundogs, shotguns, fly fishing, rifles, art and more. from great fiction to modern-day adventures, every article is complemented by exciting photography and masterful paintings. this isn t just another how to outdoor magazine. come. join us
__label__non_math	0.9999	amoeba music hollywood hip-hop top five: : fashawn boy meets world loud jay z blueprint roc nation atlantic royce da '' street hop mic one tvt cormega born and raised traffic ent. drake so far gone cash money raekwon only built cuban linx, pt. iceal in the number one hip-hop sales slot at the hollywood amoeba music this week is the brand new, rightfully anticiapted album from west coast newcomer fashawn, who both released his debut album, boy meets world, and turned this week. congrats to him on both accomplishments. fashawn is a fresno, california emcee, whose album is produced entirely by exile of blu exile and who already has about seven mixtapes to his name. he may be young, but he is deservedly getting major props from critics, fans and bloggers, who have all been anxiously awaiting this debut. some are even going so far as to say that with this release fashawn willl help rescue west coast rap and put it back on top again. with a flow that has a distinctive nod to some of rap's best bygone years, the album's fifteen tracks include such standouts as "our way," featuring a guest spot by evidence; samsonite man; "bo jackson," featuring producer exile on the mic as well as behind the mixing board; and "sunny ca," featuring coss mistah fab. the video for "sunny ca" is below. jay-z, who apparently can do no wrong, is still selling well at amoeba hollywood, with blueprint holding down a top five slot even six weeks after its release date. likewise, both cash money artist drake so far gone and wu-tang member raekwon only built cuban linx, pt. on iceal are still doing well. since they are each selling exactly the same amount of units this past week, they share the number five slot on the chart. detroit rapper ryan montgomery has a new chart entry this week at amoeba music. he is of course better known by his stage name royce da '" and for his early career association with fellow d-town rap star eminem. most recently he was part of the hip-hop supergrpup slaughterhouse also featuring crooked i, joe budden, and joell ortiz . for street hop royce works again with dj premier, who executive produced this new album with production assistance from emile, denaun porter, nottz, carlos broady, and streetrunner, frequency. below is the video for the tight new album track "shake this." another brand new release that just arrived in amoeba this tuesday is the way overdue born and raised by cormega on traffic entertainment. this is the long awaited follow up to both his album the true meaning and his debut the realness the previous year. straight out of the hip-hop historic new york city queensbridge housing projects, the young cormega grew up alongside such future hip-hop heavyweights as mobb deep, capone-n-noreaga, and nas, who featured the newcomer back in on his album it was written in the song "affirmative action." on born and raised, cormega is in good company, especially in the production department, with dj premier, large professor, pete rock, les, buckwild, havoc, and easy mo bee among those lending their skills. meanwhile, the track album's closing track, "mega fresh x," is a virtual who's who of hip-hop with features on the one track from red alert, parish smith of epmd, grand puba, krs-one, and big daddy kane. wow lil wayne surprised many when he copped a guilty plea in a manhattan court house yesterday to gun possession in return for a promise of one year behind bars for the rap superstar. from a rap music point of view this will only add to his street cred. but it will also add to the time before the new orleans artist's already hella delayed and overdue album rebirth will finally be released. and finally, if there were an amoeba top five hip-hop book chart, no doubt the rza's wonderful new book the tao of wu would be this week's number one. the book is refreshingly unlike most rap or rock artist autobiographies, which tend to follow a predictable formulaic style. in sharp contrast, the wu-tang clan member's new book reads more like a guide to life, religions and philosophies, all told from a humble yet most insightful perspective. in both new york and los angeles at recent barnes noble readings see video below of the la reading this week the rza packed them in for his engaging reading book signing sessions.
__label__non_math	0.9997	catalogs our catalogs are written by our full time, in house staff and are among the most detailed and accurate in the industry. we have strong relationships with many of the nations leading arms authorities whom we call on for consultation when necessary. we firmly believe that descriptions written by full time, in house professionals that have direct contact with the consignors prove more lucrative than descriptions written by paid outside contractors. all photography is done in our gallery studio utilizing the finest state of the art digital cameras and computer equipment. one day auctions mean your consigned items are featured more prominently, will garner more interest and subsequently more money, and are less apt to be lost in an array of catalogs. commission our commission rates are among the most competitive in the industry and are all inclusive with no upcharges for insurance, photography or any other of our many services. payment in a business where , and even day payment terms are the norm, we are proud to say that we make full payment to our consignors within business days from the date of the sale, the swiftest term in the industry. one of the main reasons auction houses take so long to pay is the credit they extend to many of their customers. at amoskeag, your merchandise is kept safely in house until it is paid for. promotion we advertise on a contract basis with the major collecting magazines and journals in america and abroad giving excellent exposure to your merchandise. we seek out specialty publications and collector club publications as necessary to provide maximum exposure of your goods. we also display at major gun shows throughout the country and keep in regular contact with our expansive list of active buyers. at amoskeag, we understand that collectors want their items to be well cared for and marketed individually for maximum return. recent advertising trends tout auction companies with large multi-day gross sales. we know that a consignor who had a ten thousand dollar gun sell for six thousand, doesn't care that it was part of an auction that brought ten million. our goal is a record that shows the largest number of satisfied consignors, not the highest grossing sale in the world.
__label__non_math	1.0000	i have found an excellent website full of information for the kindle owner, or would-be kindle owner. bear in mind that, although this website has just about everything to do with the kindle, including a list of other website that concern the kindle, it is american based and because of the fact that british and american if you like what you see, why not subscribe to the blog? you can either follow ampers' rants by adding your email address in the box below left , or if you use rss feeds, the links are also below left . if you don't know what rss feeds are, you are missing so much of the internet - use the search box below left and search in my blogs for the article on google reader. finally, notifications are also shown on my twitter account: ampersuk.
__label__non_math	0.9991	frequently asked questions - daland fellowship three: the nomination letter, the letter from your scientific advisor, and one letter from another expert. the applicant must have earned the m.d. no. if the nominee submits the letter with the application materials, it should be in a sealed envelope. alternatively, the person nominating you may send the letter directly to the american philosophical society office. nominees are generally expected to have completed some clinical training prior to being nominated for a daland fellowship. exceptions may be made, however, depending on the circumstances.
__label__non_math	0.9246	crm software technical details amphis customer crm software technical details - crm for techies amphis customer runs on windows xp, windows vista, windows or windows pro. in order to generate documents eg quotes and invoices, amphis customer requires microsoft word or a later version. the quote and invoice templates etc are word documents and can be edited using standard word facilities to change text and fonts etc and to add logos and images. the generated documents eg quotes, invoices, letters etc are generated as word documents and can also be emailed as pdf files requires word or a later version . amphis customer can integrate with microsoft outlook or a later version for managing email, email merge, and tasks and appointments. on a -bit pc, the program files are installed to this location, by default. c: files software customer v3. on a -bit pc, the program files are installed to this location, by default. c: files x86 software customer v3. the customer data is stored in the customer.mdb microsoft access database file which may optionally be moved to a different location eg to share customer data between multiple pcs on a network. it may also be optionally upgraded to a sql server database, for free, for increased scalablity and performance for a large number of users. amphis customer supports using sql server as the database at no extra charge. the configuration data is stored in the config.mdb microsoft access database file which must always be in the default location on each client pc and should not be upgraded to sql server. amphis customer looks in here first to determine where the customer database and folders are and whether it should connect to a microsoft access database or a microsoft sql server database. there are folders used by amphis customer :- - documents - this is where the customer files are stored eg letters or invoices or scanned-in documents - templates - this is where the microsoft word templates are stored which control how documents such as invoices look - exports - this is where any exported data is saved - reports - this is where any reports are saved you can easily get to these folders from amphis customer from tools- folders or from tools- configuration. the folders can be moved to a different location eg to share them between multiple users on a network. the configuration details for amphis customer are stored in the config.mdb microsoft access database on each client pc. this shows the configuration for a single user using a laptop. this shows the configuration for multiple users sharing customer data and documents on an office network. note that prior to release v3..the configuration was stored in the xml config file amphis customer.exe.config but many clients had problems with the permissions for this file as it is stored in the program files location, and clients also had problems getting the syntax correct and so we moved the configuration to an access database which can be maintained from within amphis customer from tools- configuration. the customer data is stored in the customer.mdb microsoft access database unless the installation has been upgraded to use sql server instead of microsoft access for the customer data. note that even if you migrate to sql server for the customer database, you still need to have the config.mdb access database on each client pc. the config.mdb database has a single table called config which has rows. by default it contains this data. the xml config file amphis customer.exe.config is still used but not for items that the user may want to change. by default, on windows xp, the customer.mdb and config.mdb files are stored in the 'data' folder c: and settings data customer v3. on windows vista and windows this will be c: customer v3. the documents, templates, exports and reports folders are also in this 'data' folder. note that these folders may be hidden by default. if you can't see the folders, you can you go to control panel- folder options and on the view tab click show hidden files and folders and also untick hide extensions for known file types. otherwise the customer.mdb file will appear to just be called customer. if you go to reports- custom report builder and enter this sql statement select from customer and click run report you will see something like this assuming you have some customer records in the database . this shows that internally the customer ids start at . the "customer id" that is visible to the user is really the display id. this internal customer id is used to link tables to each other and used to organize customer documents. if you go to tools- folders- view documents folder, that will show a subfolder for each customer record. here was have subfolders for customer ids and to match the customer ids we saw above. all files for customer id are in subfolder . that includes invoices, quotes, receipts, letters etc created within amphis customer and also any files attached to history entries. also email messages are stored in here too. the files are linked to the database in the history table where the filename is stored. only the file name is needed as the location will always be the subfolder with the customer id. share customer data and documents on a network to share the customer data and documents on a network you need to create a folder on a server and set it up as a shared folder. then you can copy the customer.mdb file and the folders to the shared folder and update each client pcs configuration from tools- configuration to access the shared database and folders on the server. once you have set up one client pc, you can copy its config.mdb file to all the other client pcs to set them all to have the same configuration. see share customer data and documents on a network upgrade to sql server you can upgrade the customer.mdb microsoft access database to a sql server database for free. see upgrade customer database to use sql server we have some short crm videos about amphis customer crm software and also a crm quick guide with more details and screenshots. we have prices, customer testimonials and crm software case studies or why not download our crm software free day trial and try it for yourself ?
__label__non_math	0.9999	a cuff bracelet is a staple for any jewelry-savvy fashionista. it's the finishing touch that transforms an outfit into an ensemble. want a fresh take on your favorite bracelets? break up a bangle set or a stack of crystal bracelets with one or two cuffs, and wear a chunky cocktail ring on the same hand. this celebrity style secret creates a glamorous layered effect that looks as great in the office as it does on the runway
__label__non_math	1.0000	keyword or name street, city, state, or zip "what i most like about being a massage therapist is being able to help people and being able to promote their health. i am cindy and i am amta because i matter." cindy r., member since find more jobs keeping you in touch with the latest in the massage therapy industry. browse archives
__label__non_math	1.0000	with search leading the pack, u.s. mobile ad spending soars emarketer estimates mobile advertising spending in the u.s. reached 769.million in . members only content this content is available to ana members only. please login below or create an account. you may already be a member. find out if your company is already an ana member.
__label__non_math	0.9927	analog devices long-term commitment to the blackfin processor means each subsequent generation of blackfin-based designs will benefit from increases in speed, power efficiency, and cost reductions across a broad range for single and dual core processors. the blackfin processor family includes devices that target a wide range of applications in the consumer, automotive, industrial, instrumentation, and communications markets. to address these markets, the blackfin processor family offers scalable performance from the 200mhz adsp-bf535 to the dual core 600 mhz adsp-bf561. blackfin products also offer very low power consumption with products using as low as .23mw mhz. future devices will further extend adi's leadership for performance and power efficiency while maintaining code compatibility, providing the widest array of processor options for the most demanding converged processing challenges.
__label__non_math	0.9999	ananda apothecary has improved it's navigation of our essential oil offerings by creating a new resource page: pure essential oils and absolutes from ananda. on this page you'll find an overview of ananda aromatherapy, ananda apothecary's brand of essential oils. you'll also find a complete list of our essential oils, with direct links to each, as well as an index of our on-site resources.
__label__non_math	0.9953	if you are a member of ancestry.com, you are already registered. log in below using your ancestry.com membership information. not a member of ancestry.com? register here for a free ancestry.com wiki account. if you have any questions concerning registration or logging in, read more here. note that you must have cookies enabled to log into the ancestry.com wiki.
__label__non_math	0.9984	ancient history group ancient history encyclopedia profile we're a non-profit company, and we need your help. for as little as you can help us provide the best free ancient history information on the web. thank you have you read this book? then please write a review please log in or register to post comments. sadly this is necessary to prevent comment spam. alternatively, you can use the comments widget below. search through the catalogue of ancient history books: thank you for supporting us by purchasing your books through ancient history encyclopedia is this the wrong amazon shop for you? select your local shop:
__label__non_math	0.9292	eli d arih's biography add details eli d arih - was a member of the arih family. eli was born on . eli died on at years old. eli d arih's last known residence is at bessemer, jefferson county, al alabama . we were able to locate a death record for eli d arih in the united states social security master death index ssdi . according to information provided to the ssdi, this death record has been verified by a family member of the deceased. this data can be considered very accurate. what is the ssdi? help eli's family build this biography by adding your own photos, stories, and facts. discuss eli d arih details about eli d arih add details obituary add details no one has shared any details regarding the obituary records of eli.
__label__non_math	0.9997	sylvia ancis's biography add details sylvia ancis - was a member of the ancis family. sylvia was born on . sylvia died on december at years old. sylvia ancis's last known residence is at brooklyn, kings county, ny new york . we were able to locate a death record for sylvia ancis in the united states social security master death index ssdi . what is the ssdi? help sylvia's family build this biography by adding your own photos, stories, and facts. discuss sylvia ancis details about sylvia ancis add details obituary add details no one has entered information regarding sylvia's obituary records.
__label__non_math	0.9999	- intercultural studies complementary major hours the intercultural studies complementary major is an interdisciplinary course of study integrating methodologies and perspectives from such disciplines as cultural anthropology, sociology, religion, linguistics, and psychology. this course of study will provide students with the knowledge and skills essential to living and working in an increasingly diverse and culturally connected world. the program is individually structured and builds on a primary catalog major. in addition to the required core courses, other courses are selected to focus on a thematic or a regional studies concentration. students with interests in such areas as business, health care, social work, teaching, ministry, missions, and community development can formulate a program of study designed to support their academic and career objectives. the development of this course of study will involve the active collaboration of the director of international and intercultural studies, the student, and a faculty advisor in the primary field of study. students must obtain approval from the director of international and intercultural studies before embarking on this course of study. willi e. kant director of the center for international and intercultural studies
__label__non_math	1.0000	the file you requested could not be found on andersonfloors.com have recently moved many items due to a website change. because of this links to pages or items in search engines may no longer work at all times. please use the search feature of our site or contact us for more information.
__label__non_math	1.0000	when news happens, text and and your photos or videos to . or contact us by email and phone. lorry with ,000 litres of sewage overturns tuesday 8th january in romsey a lorry carrying ,000 litres of liquid sewage overturned in stockbridge. fire crews battled to stop diesel from the stricken vehicle leaking onto leckford lane. hampshire fire and rescue service crews from andover, stockbridge and eastleigh used containers to stop more than 100 litres of fuel getting into drains. no sewage escaped from the vehicle. the driver was taken to hospital by ambulance after the accident, which happened shortly before noon yesterday monday .
__label__non_math	1.0000	sign in with yahoo already a member? log in get recommendations, news and more with our android app android apps you'll love choose a category: the best educational ipad apps, handpicked by experts. appolicious offers great opportunities for app developers and corporate advertisers. click here to learn more
__label__non_math	0.9999	proud owners of the asus eee pad transformer are in for a treat as android ..honeycomb build version 184.108..206 update is now made available for them to download. it may not be android .ice cream sandwich, but the recent update has got everything you need to power up your rusty tablet to a full-fledge computing workhorse. according to an announcement on the asus facebook page, the update contains a set of new features that greatly enhances the performance of the device, as well as application updates. these include netflix integration and app backup that allows users to backup their favorite apps to be later restored to another asus tablet. performance-wise, the device receives an upgrade in wi-fi functionality and a patch that fixes the battery drain problem when the tablet is docked. application updates include tons from google services e.g., books, maps, and android market , mycloud, polaris office, supernote, mynet, and asus sync just to name a few. the eee pad transformer update will be made available over-the-air and as always users can check for the updates manually in the settings page if they choose not to wait for the official ota notification. asus once again impresses us with another update to their devices in small increments. maybe in the near future an ice cream sandwich update will soon roll out for the eee pad transformer. download the latest version today and enjoy the update asus has in store for your eee pad transformer. have you updated your transformer to the latest honeycomb? is the device performing much better than before?
__label__non_math	1.0000	opentable mobile for android confirms your dinner reservations opentable, inc., has announced the launch of their free reservations booking app for android-based devices. diners using the app can check the availability of multiple restaurants in their respective areas, browse restaurant reviews, invite friends to join them the app sounds simple enough specify the desired date, time and party size for your meal and get back a list of available tables at restaurants within your vicinity. you can pare down results by price or type of cuisine, pull up individual restaurants, and send emails with reservation information to your friends. according to opentable, they have more over ,000 restaurant customers and have seated more than 110 million diners in just over years of existence. based out of san francisco, opentable offers service in the us, canada, germany, japan, mexico, and the united kingdom.
__label__non_math	1.0000	descriptionever dreamed of having your own restaurant? start today with diner city this 3d diner tests your ability to run a successful business by cooking up delicious meals and serving them to cute customers the realism steps up with demanding customers it's your diner.. so put your personal touches on it - hire and train staff to help with your ever expanding diner.- design your diner with many of our unique decorations. - each vip has different abilities and bonuses that help you along the way. - unlock more dishes as you level up - it's a 3d game - watch out for special events - visit your neighbors' diner
__label__non_math	0.6029	androidpit request a test report your favorite app hasn t been tested by androidpit? you can change that a sponsored app does not guarantee good test results. every app tested by us is evaluated objectively. remember: bad apps get low scores if a new version of a previously reviewed app is resubmitted for review, the full price must be paid. there is no rebate when reviewing apps that have already been reviewed.
__label__non_math	0.9949	what if i told you that you could carry an " android device around in your pocket? what do you think you would say to me? perhaps you'd say, "clearly you are talking about a pico projector device and i'm not falling for your shenanigans." dang, you're really good at this game. what you probably didn't expect, though, is that the lightplay by phonesuit, as it is called, also features a motion controller with a built-in keyboard, a tripod and access to the entire google play store. not too bad for . the specs on this device are middling, to say the least.
__label__non_math	1.0000	know what the wind is doing anywhere in the world visit windalert.com for a richer experience with more wind-related features including virtual stations and forecast maps. set up sms or email wind alerts to be notified when the wind meets your ideal conditions. share your profiles with friends kiteboard, kitesurf, windsurf, sail, surf, fish, snowkite, paraglide, kite, rc flying... no matter what your wind activity is, windalert is a critical tool for you wind alert android, android windalert, "wind forecast" world kite flying, windalert on android, windalert for android . this version includes an overhaul to the user interface, a much-improved wind map, and many more small updates, bugfixes, and improvements. lg vs910 revolution 4g our site indexed for all kinds of games, themes, applications, etc. which are all from free and open blog and forums. please inform our administrator if the copy infringe your copyright. and we will link your official website as the connection address, or remove it within three working firstname.lastname
__label__non_math	0.9983	welcome to the pontiac bonneville ignition modules center at andy's auto sport at andy's auto sport, we have a huge variety of pontiac bonneville ignition modules to ensure that you have every ignition module option available to you. we go out of our way to carry every major line of pontiac bonneville ignition modules, so that whether you are looking for a high performance pontiac bonneville ignition module or a cheap electronic ignition module or anything in between, we've got it for you. andy's auto sport is the ultimate shopping destination for your pontiac bonneville ignition module needs choose your model if you want to find an andy's coupon code to use to buy your pontiac bonneville ignition modules, then go to our facebook page and click the "like" button at the top andy's auto sport on facebook site centers
__label__non_math	0.9633	extra-fine merino wool sweater, uniqlo; diy bleached jeans, loomstate black white striped socks, h m; shoes, cole haan bold patterned socks, bleached denim, and brogues make for a stylish start to the week. with so many fashion week photos clogging my bloglovin feed, i've been inspired by my male counterparts, mostly in milan, to want to apply a more tailored approach to my look. the shoes were a recent score from the saks outlet off 5th - the only good thing about living in fort misery fort myers , fl is the close proximity to so many outlet shopping centers. the shoes were originally priced at 110
__label__non_math	1.0000	i reach out to your heart and bring you to my side. come to me and in me, your pain , please confide. life can be so unfair. your sorrow i do openly share. may your spirit guide you and with you remain. i send you my thoughts and my love in your pain. hopefully, my wish for you will be one of peace. and that your anguish can soon release. the pain of loosing your precious one is to much to bare. i want you to know that i care. rest as well as you can, my friend. soon sweet memories will come and your agony will end. poem by joanne i went to the mall today to see the memorial and to honor all those that died and those who suffer from their passing. yesterday, july . . a man from illinois stopped by and placed a cross for each person who died. he did that for columbine also. he didn't stay, he just put the crosses up and went home. this location would be on the east side of aurora mall. there was so much press there and they still were filming across the street at the memorial. no one will ever forget this. no one will ever stop hurting. i will always love you
__label__non_math	0.7558	"time announced thursday that upon investigating zakaria's columns, it has determined that the transgression was "an unintentional error" and "an isolated incident."" can you imagine? can you imagine if one of our students used this line as defense? many of our students who are punished severely for plagiarism doing as "un unintentional error" and as "an isolated incident". no dean at a self-respecting school would accept this line of defense.
__label__non_math	1.0000	yerevan, armenia july the ani narod memorial foundation anmf and the yerevan international film festival golden apricot announced today the recipient of the mark sarkis prix for best film in the armenian panorama category which was awarded at the second annual yerevan international film festival in yerevan, armenia on . designed to increase awareness and generate greater interest in armenian independent filmmakers, the prize was created by the ardhaldjian family as a tribute honoring their beloved son and brother, mark sarkis ardhaldjian, an aspiring filmmaker who passed away in , at the tender age of . while mark s talents were exceptional in our eyes, we are certain that there are many talented individuals of armenian decent around the world waiting to be discovered. we thank the golden apricot film festival for providing us the opportunity to act on mark s passion, explained raffy ardhaldjian, mark s brother and chief volunteer officer of anmf. judged by a distinguished jury, the cash prize was awarded to the winner of the armenian panorama category. under the open sky, a film by arman yeritzyan, portrays the life of two russian citizens who coincidently arrive in yerevan. they eventually marry and lead a life of homelessness, but none of it matters to them since they are soviet citizens . this film had also the honor of receiving a major prize at the youth international film festival yes em , yerevan armenia, may . mr. yeritzyan born in , yerevan has graduated from the directing department of yerevan pedagogical insititute. his other works include: end , i want to say . we have been able to fulfill our expectations with the help of our sponsors and support from our government. the festival all of a sudden took flight and grabbed attention from all over the world. among our participants included atom egoyan, robert guediguian, arsinee khanjian, abbas kiarostami, simon abkarian, and others. we had twice as many participants this year than from last year competing in the festival; about 140 films from countries. our success would have been impossible if not for the support we had received from armenian and diasporian organizations such as the ani narod memorial fund, who donated under the title of mark-sarkis grand prix, states susanna harutyunyan, artistic director of the festival. in its second year, the golden apricot was held in yerevan from july -, . highlighting features and documentaries produced from to , the festival screened and judged works by a variety of directors and filmmakers from around the world. for more information on the yerevan international film festival, golden apricot, visit for more info on the ani narod memorial foundation, please visit for all press and media inquiries, contact teni melidonian at 626.644. or via email at email the ani narod memorial foundation is a 501 c non-profit, tax-exempt us organization encouraging the welfare and development of armenian women and children through innovative cultural, educational, health and social programs.
__label__non_math	0.9881	displaying - of resources in breeding and articles: . deputies discover dozens of dogs in lockport home "from what i can see she is selling them online and this is a puppy mill," says kobrin. the owner of the home, elly magrum ... . editorial: cruelty - 'puppy mills' shouldn't escape state scruitiny although state law requires inspections of animal shelters and pet stores, breeding kennels, even "puppy mills," are exempt. ... . horse case puts spotlight on animal welfare in north dakota a recent case of officials in burleigh and morton counties finding dead horses in a man's custody and seizing an additional 157 live ones ... . jailed elderly woman surrenders her dogs, puppies, authorities looking for new homes nineteen dogs, and just-born puppies, were removed from a -year-old woman's house on friday and need a new home. ... . nova scotia to get tough on animal abusers under new legislation, nova scotia would become the first province to make it illegal for people to sell dogs that have not been certified by ... . euthanasia: we won't run from what needs to be done back in january, peta sent out a news release about the number of sick, injured, elderly, and otherwise unadoptable animals we had to euthanize during ... . killing of homeless dogs and cats plummets in portland area shelters in , the six shelters killed percent of the dogs and cats they took in. last year, the rate dropped to percent. ... . pet shop owner must pay nearly ,000 to get his animals back animal control officials said they discovered hundreds of dead fish, iguanas living in their own feces and other reptiles lying on top of one another ... . tn animal shelters face high euthanasia rates the tennessean reports the kill rate at the nashville's metro animal control is percent, and that's after a recent drop. ...
__label__non_math	0.9214	"my pet groomer's negligence caused severe injuries to my dog. assuming i can prove he was negligent, can i get emotional distress or loss of companionship damages?" the likely answer to this question is no. in the united states, domesticated animals either pets or animals of a commercial importance are considered the personal property of the owner. animals have no independent legal rights for the most part i.e., animals cannot be a party to a lawsuit in court . as a result, when a pet is injured or killed, it is the owner who must file a lawsuit to recover damages. unfortunately, the traditional computation of damages for the loss of pet is the market value of the pet the amount of money someone else would pay for the identical pet of the same, age, breed, and condition. since most of our beloved cats and dogs are not pedigreed or are of mixed breed, they have little or no market value. thus, despite the grievous nature of the act that injured the dog, owners are left with no compensation. the current movement in pet damages jurisprudence now focuses more on the impact to the human owners of the creatures injured or killed by the wrongful action of another. courts now grapple with whether damages can be awarded for loss of companionship of the pet or whether damages can be awarded for the emotional distress suffered by the owner. while the majority of states still reject such damages for a variety of reasons, a few states have broken away from traditional property law notions to provide recovery for these non-human household members. states such as alaska, florida, hawaii, idaho, kentucky, new york and new jersey to some extent, as well as the district of columbia express a willingness to accept claims requesting damages beyond market value. causes of action for emotional distress the mental anguish suffered by the owner as a result of the negligent or intentional actions of the wrongdoer , loss of companionship, and, on a more limited basis, the "intrinsic value" of the pet are now becoming more common. it is this consideration of intrinsic value or as one court described it as, "that a pet is not just a thing but occupies a special place somewhere in between a person and a piece of personal property" that may be the first step toward increasing the status of pets under law. thus, the answer to the initial question depends in large part on the state in which you live. courts are generally reluctant to contradict established precedent in the state by creating a new legal remedy. however, the only way to force courts to take intentional and negligent acts against companion animals more seriously is to push the envelope. in this way, both the concerns of animal companions and their human guardians can be better addressed by the legal system. when a human is injured or killed due to the intentional or even negligent act of another, that individual usually has the right to sue the responsible party for damages legal compensation for an injury . however, despite the importance we as a society attach to our pets, these same remedies are often unavailable for injury to our animal companions. while the criminal law has made great strides in addressing cruelty to animals, pet owners face an uphill battle in the civil arena. legal overview of pet damages table of cases related to pet damages table of statutes related to pet damages
__label__non_math	0.9999	fox has announced the latest release dates for two of upcoming dreamworks... tag "six point harness studios" we had plenty of sunshine and lots of inspiring panels on the first two days of the ottawa international animation festival and the tv animation conference tac held this week in the charming capital city in ontario, canada. on wednesday morning september , moira marguin, head of animation at the ... the fans have spoken, and the sassy minds behind the sassy stickmen of dick figures are listening. the hit web series created by six point harness studios for mondo media s youtube channel mondo mini shows has reached their kickstarter funding goal for dick figures: the movie. the campaign launched on ...
__label__math	0.9400	guys you just have to post a sentence that rhymes with the above post a different sentence can be posted after every successful rhymes please avoid using the same words try different words for every sentence i guess i will start "the color of milk is white" last edited by vikash01; at . re: rhyme scheme fight of what kind see you tomorrow shadow and pervert i think i will change your name antrax
__label__non_math	0.9999	stream on any pc anime fuel community mark forums read you are not logged in or you do not have permission to access this page. this could be due to one of several reasons: you are not logged in. fill in the form at the bottom of this page and try again. you may not have sufficient privileges to access this page. are you trying to edit someone else's post, access administrative features or some other privileged system? if you are trying to post, the administrator may have disabled your account, or it may be awaiting activation. forgotten your password? the administrator may have required you to before you can view this page. user control panel problems questions resolved reports and requests anime manga off topic lounge gamer guild forum news politics graphic design art hall sig of the week wallpaper of the month what are you listening to? all times are gmt. the time now is -- default style -- anime fuel powered by vbulletin version .. animefuel.com . all media belongs to it's rightful owner. designed by
__label__non_math	0.9148	ok i read through trough ermac's and absolutedestinys guide. it helped some things. i am and pal dvds. i will not buy ntsc stuff online to get exsactly the same of what i have here. so the guide doesn't help a lot after all. i need help with avs scripts and what not. ok, i own all of dragon ball, every movie,every special, almost all of dbz and none dbgt. that is a lot of footage to go through. not to mention that it's all on dvd. okay, there guide on ivtc doesn't help one bit. i rip my dvds at angle japanese angle , i clip the vob into individual episodes and save them to .d2v in dgindex i can encode dvds better than a multi-million dollar corporation. they get paid to do it. bastards . i make a script. note that i'm experimenting with the goku vs. piccolo fight. so i did what they said to ivtc. my script looks like this: mpeg2source "f:147.d2v" dragon ball episode 147 i can't use 'force film' 'cuz it don't work on 25fps stuff. there still is those fucked-up horizontal lines. i do have one ntsc dvd though. i put my pokemon dvd in and the opening is interlaced and the is movie progressive and the ending is interlaced. being ntsc and film i used forcd film. did not work. to kick the poor dead horse i used telecide and decimate. insert dramatic music here it didn't work either so nothing works for me. i made a huffyuv of the script hoping that the lines might just be there for whatever reasons. still those horrible lines. so with the aforementioned script i went through the guide and wound up at the visual quality post-procsessing guide. almost everything can be used for pre-procsessing though. i tryed everything. the visual quality looked fairly decent in virtualdubmod. i tried cropping and the like. pretty much took a taste of everthing. good fun. the deen filter. i did: "a3d,,," something like that. all was good. i tried fluxsmooth. a horror story. in the text editor i typed: fluxsmooth , . that's how the guide said to do it. i played the file in windows media player and it says there was no function called fluxsmooth. i went to virtualdubmod's script editor because that will generally tell you if you if a command is wrong. this time i typed 'fluxsmooth , ' it said it worked rainbow removing and line sharpening went great. i have no idea what masking and bluring is though. tweaking the colors is interesting and can yeild great affects. so pretty much i'm wasting my life away doing this. i refuse to buy my dvd sets over again unless it's the dragon boxes of course. so will somebody please help me. i will not read any guides unless they are of some relevance.
__label__non_math	1.0000	authentication failed - no site cookies detected. please re-login to refresh your session. if you are sent to this page directly after logging in then you need to enable cookies in your web browser. please refer to the login trouble? page for more information. if you are having repeated trouble trying to log in and you know that your username password is correct, clear your brower cookies cache and try to login again. that usually clears it up for most people why should i become a member? membership is quick, free, and has its benefits. members may: - enter video information into the site catalog. - upload videos to the local storage servers free . - enter and read opinions about videos. - post messages in the forums. - access the currently locally hosted videos. - access to ratings lists to find good videos. the minimum required information for site membership is: - a unique site username - a unique valid email address - a site password this site is entirely free for you and any other member to use. please be aware that this site depends on donations by members in order to keep this site alive. you and any other member of this site may be asked to donate from time to time. however, you and all other members are under no obligation to actually donate to the site. all donations are purely voluntary and are not required in any way in order to upload or download local videos at this site. members who donate to keep this site running enjoy the following bonus site features: more super search features: - star information in search results list - expanded anime search options - filter by - star rating - rating percentiles - file size - download status - already downloaded - not yet downloaded - sort by - opinion count more video information: - detailed star information on the video info page - "already downloaded" indication - "already downloaded" indication on the top star scale lists - external promotions controls - no second delay for local downloads - daily upload stats graph on member main page - more results in "new videos" list on the member main page - your star rating indications on vca ballot pages - donation status display option - member profile - forum post member info sound good to you? then come on in
__label__non_math	0.6129	for the record, i have no problem with the depiction of cosplay as "fun-crazy"-- the photos on the original daily beast are almost invariably of wild and crazy people at wild and crazy parties and usually in wild and crazy outfits. no, my complaint is the suggestion that somehow cosplay is representative of seattle's own unique craziness, as opposed to something that goes on in pretty much every state in america not to mention abroad . so, without further ado: dear seattle metropolitan magazine, cosplay is not, in fact, something uniquely seattleish, much less naruto cosplay-- hell, i've seen hobos in portland wear naruto headbands perhaps instead of using a picture of young cosplayers to depict seattle's craziness, you should replace it with pictures of the traffic that flows into seattle on i-on a friday night. now that is crazy. pretty ironic that this would come up the week we post the "cosplay" -minute expert. what say you folks?
__label__math	0.9924	been in this situation before? maybe a different frame of mind is what's needed : i'm a bit disappointed with the timing in go animate . the rote animations of the characters never seem to sync up properly, making things a bit of a crap shoot, as they say. bleh. still, it's a fun toy.
__label__non_math	1.0000	equestrian gift collection horse record book or a horse clock, a sterling silver horse sculpture or a rearing horse paper knife. these are just some of the items that you will find in this equestrian themed selection. many have been made exclusively
__label__non_math	1.0000	anna maria island anna maria island vacation accommodation needs?whatever suits your holiday style, a warm welcome always awaits you on beautiful anna maria island. anna maria island accommodations, inc. 5604b marina drive holmes beach, florida and 315 pine ave, anna maria, florida located on the gulf coast of florida with easy access from tampa and sarasota airports, anna maria island is a seven mile long and one mile wide stretch of white sand beach with an average annual temperature of over degrees. anna maria island truly is a vacation paradise in the sun start the day out enjoying breakfast at ginny jane e s at the old iga , or do take out and enjoy your breakfast or brunch on the white sugar sand beach. there is a wonderful selection of shops that can be visited from one end of anna maria island to the other, or you can slip over the bridge to long boat key for the afternoon, or check out st. armands circle in sarasota. evenings on anna maria island can be satisfied with a wonderful dinner at the beach bistro or one of the other many award winning restaurants and evening entertainment venues. enjoy a live performance at island players, or live music, dinner, and sunsets at the beach house or sandbar restaurants. fishing and shelling trips, kayak excursions and rentals, jet ski and scooter rentals, and parasailing are also available for the more adventurous anna maria island visitor. in florida start on anna maria island your dream vacation to our sun drenched and beautiful island paradise on the beach vacation rental accommodationsover years experience in anna maria island life . with a personal touch let us help you find your perfect vacation rental. vacation rental accommodations on anna maria island are as beautiful and varied as the gulf island setting itself. anna maria island provides visitors, vacationers and residents alike, the most gracious and awe-inspiring of vacation accommodations. stay in an impressive country inn, victorian bed and breakfast, bedroom beach front resort or cottage, modern hotel or large bedroom family home.
__label__math	0.9971	this little jacket is as versatile as it is stylish
__label__non_math	0.9981	got a sweet tooth for the perfect va-va-voom dress? then you'll love this mouth-watering chocolate-coloured number. the georgette tailoring fabric offers soft structure with a touch stretch to move with you. angled pleats meet at an off-centre panel at the fitted empire line, creating texture and drama across the below-knee-length wrap-style skirt. you'll turn heads with the seamed, shaped corset-style bust. featuring straight three-quarter sleeves, it has plenty of retro appeal
__label__non_math	0.9765	acrylic a synthetic fabric often used as a wool substitute. it is warm, soft, holds colors well and often is stain and wrinkle resistant. angora a soft fiber knit from fur of the angora rabbit. angora wool is often combined with cashmere or another fiber to strengthen the delicate structure. dry cleaning is reccommended for angora products. bedford a strong material that is a raised corded fabric similar to corduroy . bedford fabric wears well and is usually washable. boucle a fabric made with boucle yarn s in wool, rayon and or cotton causing the surface of the fabric to appear looped. brocade an all-over floral, raised pattern produced in a similar fashion to embroidery. burnout process of printing a design on a fabric woven of paired yarns of different fibers. one kind of yarn is burned out or destroyed leaving the ground unharmed. cable knit patterns, typically used in sweaters, where flat knit columns otherwise known as cables are overlapped vertically. cashmere a soft, silky, lightweight wool spun from the kashmir goat. cashmere must be dry-cleaned due to its delicate fibers and is commonly used in sweaters, shawls, outerwear, gloves and scarves for its warmth and soft feel. chiffon a common evening wear fabric made from silk, cotton, rayon or nylon. it's delicate in nature and sheer. chintz a printed and glazed fabric made of cotton. chintz is known for its bright colors and bold patterns. corduroy cotton fibers twisted as they are woven to create long, parallel grooves, called wales, in the fabric. this is a very durable material and depending on the width of the wales, can be extremely soft. cotton a natural fiber that grows in the seed pod of the cotton plant. it is an inelastic fiber. cotton cashmere a blend of cotton and cashmere fibers, typically to respectively, this combination produces an extremely soft yarn with a matte finish. crepe used as a description of surfaces of fabrics. usually designates a fabris that is crimped or crinkled. crinoline a lightweight, plain weave, stiffened fabric with a low yarn count. used to create volume beneath evening or wedding dresses. crochet looping threads with a hooked needle that creates a wide, open knit. typically used on sweaters for warm seasons. denim cotton textile created with a twill weave to create a sturdy fabric. used as the primary material of blue jeans. dobby woven fabric where the weave of the fabric actually produces the garment's design. embroidery detailed needlework, usually raised and created by yarn, silk, thread or embroidery floss. eyelet a form of lace in a thicker material that consists of cut-outs that are integrated and repeated into a pattern. usually applied to garments for warmer seasons. faille a textured fabric with faint ribbing. wears wonderfully for hours holding its shape due to the stiffness of the texture. used in wedding dresses and women's clothes. fil'coupe a small jacquard pattern on a light weight fabric, usually silk, in which the threads connecting each design are cut, creating a frayed look. french terry a knit cloth that contains loops and piles of yarn. the material is very soft, absorbent and has stretch. gabardine a tightly woven twill fabric, made of different fibers such as wool, cotton and silk. georgette a crinkly crepe type material usually made out of silk that consists of tightly twisted threads. georgette is sheer and has a flowy feeling. gingham two different color stripes "woven" in pattern to appear checked. glen plaid design of woven, broken checks. a form of traditional plaid. guipure lace a lace without a mesh ground, the pattern in held in place by connecting threads. herringbone a pattern originating from masonry, consists of short rows of slanted parallel lines. the rows are formatted opposing each other to create the pattern. herringbone patterns are used in tweeds and twills. hopsack a material created from cotton or woolthat is loosely woven together to form a coarse fabric. houndstooth a classic design containing two colors in jagged slanted checks. similar to glen plaid. jacquard a fabric of intricate varigated weave or pattern. typically shown on elegant and more expensive pieces. jersey a type of knit material usually made from cotton and known to be flexible, stretchy, soft and very warm. it is created using tight stitches. knit a knit fabric is made by interlocking loops of one or more yarns either by hand with knitting needles or by machine. linen an exquisite material created from the fibers of the flax plant. some linen contain slubs or small knots on the fabric. the material wrinkles very easily and is a light fabric perfect for warm weather. lurex a metallic fiber woven into material to give the garment shine. lycratm lycra is a type of stretch fabric where the fibers are woven into cotton, silk or synthetic fiber blends. these materials are lightweight, comfortable need trademark symbol and breathable, and the stretch will not wear away. madras originating from madras, india, this fabric is a lightweight, cotton material used for summer clothing. madras usually has a checked pattern but also comes in plaid or with stripes. typically made from cotton. marled typically found in sweaters, marled yarn occurs when two colored yards are twisted together. matelasse a compound fabric made of cotton, wool or other fibers with quilted character and raised patterns. matte a matte finish has a lusterless surface. merino wool wool sheered from the merino sheep and spun into yarn that is fine but strong. modal a type of rayon that is made from natural fibers but goes through a chemical treatment to ensure it has a high threshold of breakage. modal is soft and breathable which is why it's used as a cotton replacement. non-iron a treated cotton that allows our easy care shirts to stay crisp throughout the day and does not need ironing after washing drying. nylon a synthetic fiber that is versatile, fast drying and strong. it has a high resistance to damage. ombre a color technique that shades a color from light to dark. ottoman a firm, lustrous plain weave fabric with horizontal cords that are larger and rounder than those of the faille. made of wool, silk, cotton and other manufactured fibers. paisley a pattern that consists of crooked teardrop designs in a repetitive manner placket the piece of fabric or cloth that is used as a concealing flap to cover buttons, fasteners or attachments. most commonly seen in the front of button-down shirts. also used to reinforce openings or slits in garments. piping binding a seam with decoration. piping is similar to tipping or edging where a decorative material is sewn into the seams. pointelle an open-work knitting pattern used on garments to add texture. typically a cooler and general knit sweater. polyester a fabric made from synthetic fibers. polyester is quick drying, easy to wash and holds its shape well. ponte a knit fabric where the fibers are looped in an interlock. the material is very strong and firm. poplin a strong woven fabric, heavier in weight, with ribbing. rayon a manufactured fiber developed originally as an alternative for silk. rayon drapes well and looks luxurious. sateen a cotton fabric with sheen that resembles satin. seersucker slack-tension weave where yarn is bunched together in certain areas and then pulled taught in others to create this summery mainstay. shirring similar to ruching, shirring gathers material to create folds. silk one of the most luxurious fabrics, silk is soft, warm and has shine. it is created from female silkworm's eggs. silk shantung a rough plain weave fabric made of uneven yarns to produce a textured effect, made of fibers such silk in which all knots and lumps are retained. space dyed technique of yarn dyeing to produce a multi-color effect on the yarn itself. also known as dip dyed yarn. spandex also known as lycra trademark symbol , this material is able to expand and still snap back to its original shape and form. spandex fibers are woven with cotton and other materials to make fabrics stretch. tipping similar to edging, tipping includes embellishing a garment at the edges of the piece, hems, collars etc. tissue linen a type of linen that is specifically made for blouses or shirts due to its thinness and sheerness. tweed a loose weave of heavy wool makes up tweed which provides warmth and comfortability. twill a fabric woven in a diagonal weave. commonly used for chinos and denim. variegated multi-colored fabrics where colors are splotched or in patches. velour a stretchy knit fabric that looks similar to velvet. very soft to the touch. velvet a soft, silky woven fabric that is similar to velour. velvet is much more expensive than velour due to the amount of thread and steps it takes to manufacture the material. velveteen a more modern adaptation of velvet, velveteen is made from cotton and has a little give. also known as imitation velvet. viscose created from both natural materials and man-made fibers, viscose is soft and supple but can wrinkle easily. wale only found in woven fabrics like corduroy, wale is the long grooves that give the garment its texture. windowpane dark stripes run horizontal and vertical across a light background to mimic a window panes. woven a woven fabric is formed by interlacing threads, yarns, strands, or strips of some material.
__label__non_math	0.9991	it's an am fm radio with various weather channels... but that's not all. it's a flashlight; there aren't any batteries... when it dies, you can charge it by the solar panel on top, or the hand crank on the back; there are ports to charge your electronic devices, like phones and ipods...and anything with an adapter for the port; we have them in each of our go bags in our vehicles and a couple for in the house.
__label__non_math	0.9996	star reporter laura johnson did a great story about the indian artifact collection being donated to the janney furnace museum. for those who don t know, the janney furnace museum and the confederate memorial are all brought to you by calhoun county commissioner eli henderson. years ago eli had built a park, with the help of inmates from the calhoun county jail, at coldwater creek and u.s. . this is my favorite contribution by eli. i pass by it all the time. another brainchild of eli is the special kids fishing classic event. wonder what other ideas eli will bring to the circuit clerk s office? you can bet there will be some.
__label__non_math	1.0000	on , i married my best friend soul mate. not present that day was her grandmother. raised catholic, grandma lesko did not believe in same-sex marriage. she wished us well but declined our invitation. june, , i met my grandmother-in-law for the first time. my wife and i had a cook-out at our home and this time grandma lesko was there. nothing extraordinary happened that day. we had a nice time; grandma lesko looked at our wedding photo albums and enjoyed herself. mother s day, , while at a family cookout, grandma lesko broached the subject of our wedding: you know, my biggest regret in life is not attending your wedding. when i was at your home last year, i saw something i have never seen before. and i m not talking lovie dovie, kissing stuff. i saw something that i ve never experienced before and i was married to a man when i told kristina my wife and her mom about this conversation, you could have knocked kristina over with a feather i have never been so proud in all of my life words cannot express how proud, loved, hopeful, joyful and happy this conversation made me feel. i felt like i could change the world. grandma lesko has reinforced the old adage that love conquers all - charlette robichaud
__label__non_math	0.9832	ah yes....something every good home improvement project should never go without: beer and wood shims nothing like putting in a twelve hour day...on your day off. as noted earlier in the week, we decided to rehab the basement. we had moose for about as long as we had finished the basement. as we reached the end of that chapter, we decided to start a new chapter with a fresh start. the basement has plagued me for years. when you have a house that is seventy five years old, it pains you to walk into your friend's new homes that have basements with nine foot ceilings. it is also frustrating dealing with walls that shows years of water damage. fortunately, the water damage has been taken care of and only the scars are left behind. yes, in a house that is seventy five years old, you get six and a half foot ceilings and the kind of duct work that you see bruce willis crawling through in die hard. although my vote was to tear out the entire thing, we opted on a half work over. i would tear out half of the drywall to remedy some electrical problems and leave the ceiling. work went fairly fast. of course, on one of the nicest days of the year i am inside. fortunately, or unfortunately as of a couple minutes ago she is a little sore and tired now... , zoe was outside staining the deck. i replaced some durock that was damaged from the old wood floor in front of the bar, i raised all of the outlet boxes to their code specified height btw, narrow depth boxes are an incredible pain and i repaired some of the old furring strips. i had forgotten, but nine years ago i used concrete nails to secure the strips. no wonder i have so many bad memories of that job. my hammer drill and some tapcons made for quick work. unfortunately, my hearing wasn't so lucky. i ran new speaker cabling to be prepared for a .setup...if that ever happens and planning way ahead for a change, i ran more rg6 and cat-from my wiring closet in the addition. i even included a pull wire in case i need to pull new wire in the future. i guess i have finally learned my lesson. i was determined to hang some drywall tonight, but since it is already , zoe has demanded that i stop. none the less, i will not stop tomorrow until the drywall is up and the first coat of mud.
__label__non_math	0.9999	the national museum in belgrade was the first cultural institution in the world to include a piet mondrian painting in its permanent exposition. the largest and oldest museum in serbia, it was founded in , with many valuable art masterpieces from across the globe in its extraordinarily rich collection. the building's structure has a layout typical of the classic art museum. the ancient art section has sculptures many thousands of years old, as well as egyptian, greek, roman and ancient celtic art works that have been found in the territory of the balkans. there is also a numismatic collection with a great variety of coins, medals, rings and seals; as well as a mediaeval collection, whose greatest treasures are miroslav's gospel - a 362-page illustrated manuscript created in in serbia included in unesco's memory of the world register , along with queen teodora's ring early 14th century , king stefan radoslav's ring beginning of the 13th century and a wide collection of icons 13th-16th century . the 14th-20th century visual art collection is undoubtedly the richest and most valuable of the collections in the museum - paintings, sculptures, drawings and graphics from various european countries and schools. the french art section stands out as the largest in the balkans and one of the best in the world. at the core of this section is the private collection of belgrade artist erih slomovic. while still quite young, he became a prot g of the greatest art dealer of the early 20th century, ambroise vollard, and developed his own high quality collection due to the connections he had made. there are about 250 works covering four centuries in the french art collection. the paintings and graphics of gauguin, renoir and d gas are the most widely represented here, but the works of toulouse-lautrec, matisse, monet, c zanne, corot, signac, rodin, rouault, bonnard, pissarro, redon, moreau, daumier, daubigny, d rain, dufy and many others are also found here. the museum's italian art collection is also noteworthy. here one can find the works of titian, tintoretto and veronese, as well as caravaggio, canaletto and modigliani. the dutch and flemish painters are represented by works from rembrandt and rubens, as well as van gogh and van dongen. the russian, austrian, and german art collections are also very interesting and contain valuable works by artists of the calibre of kandinsky, d rer, sisley, klimt, lissitzky, chagall, borovikovsky and others. in addition to those previously mentioned, the museum also contains a captivating japanese art collection, a broad cubist art collection and a comprehensive yugoslavian and serbian art collection, from which one can learn a great deal about four centuries of the fine arts in this region. trg republike 1a keywords: museum, belgrade
__label__non_math	0.9785	daily image - image of the day for rate this image if you want more daily images, don't forget about penguin of the day.
__label__non_math	0.9959	dr craige golding, a specialist physician in anti-aging medicine and medical director of solal, admits that the term anti-aging medicine is perhaps not the best description of his field of interest. it tends to suggest a focus on the exterior, giving the impression that it s all about wrinkles and botox treatments. but the focus is much broader than that. anti-aging medicine is really about the prevention, early detection and reversal of the chronic diseases that become more common with age, and which constitute nearly of the illnesses doctors treat on an ongoing basis. it truly is the medicine of the new millennium, advocating that people actively take control of their health rather than simply waiting for diseases to develop. people want to spend a longer time living healthily and a shorter time dying. golding qualified as a specialist physician in and quickly found that much of the time he was treating the symptoms of conditions like diabetes, cancer, dementia, heart disease, osteoarthritis and osteoporosis, rather than addressing the causes. and yet many of these degenerative diseases of aging are largely preventable or reversible, if one can intervene early enough using anti-aging treatments, like vitamins, minerals, amino acids, essential fats, nutraceuticals, herbal extracts, chelation therapies, intravenous nutrients and other intravenous treatments such as glutathione, hydrogen peroxide, phospholipid exchange, and measures like lifestyle modification. hormone balancing and neurotransmitter assessmant and normalisation are also offered in anti-aging medicine. however, conventional practice didn t give me the tools to practice this kind of preventive medicine. anti-aging medicine addresses the cause of the underlying problem, rather than merely treating the symptoms. and then golding heard of a4m, the american academy of anti-aging medicine. it offers two board-certified courses in anti-aging medicine, requiring, inter alia, the completion of a number of modules courses offered in the united states , oral and written examinations, participation in interactive webcasts, and case studies. completing these courses required five trips to the usa. golding is now the only person in africa to hold these qualifications. the qualifications are: abaarm american board certification in anti-aging and regenerative medicine and faafm fellow in anti-aging and functional medicine. the primary aim of anti-aging medicine is to prevent disease, he says. we ve seen a huge explosion in convenience living , with a lot of bad nutrition as a result of high intake of fast foods. in addition we re exposed to a high level of pollutants. in fact, just living increases one s risk for disease, since we are living in an increasingly toxic environment and exposed to poor diets and excessive stress. but by paying attention to one s health, detoxifying and implementing lifestyle changes such as sound nutrition, exercise, stress management and anti-aging medicine, sickness can largely be prevented. we also look at the role of hormones in disease processes. the hormonal decline associated with aging predisposes people to disease, thus increasing risk. replenishment with bio-identical compounded hormones, which have the same structure as hormones naturally occurring in the human body, can be highly beneficial to one s health. golding is looking to establish several integrative medicine centres throughout south africa. the first of these, in bryanston, johannesburg, is already up and running, and offers bio-identical hormone therapy, chelation therapies, intravenous nutrient treatments and integrative approaches to cancer including, for example, high-dose vitamin c therapy. this centre also offers anti-aging skin treatments, specialist anti-aging consultations and bio-identical compounded hormone replacement therapies. other future plans include the establishment of an age-diagnostic lab in south africa. says golding, in so many cases, normal and optimal hormone levels are not the same thing. we have aggressive reference ranges when it comes to issues like testosterone levels in men, for example. conventional guidelines have a one-size-fits-all approach, even though one would think it obvious that what is normal or optimal in an -year-old would not be so in an -year-old. low testosterone increases one s risk for conditions like prostate cancer, loss of muscle mass, heart disease, vascular disease and osteoporosis. restoring declining testosterone levels in an older man to the physiologically normal levels of a younger person can prevent a wide array of diseases. golding is also planning to do a number of seminars on anti-aging medicine, starting february . the topics covered will include all areas of anti-aging medicine; to give some examples: - bio-identical hormone replenishment - thyroid health - adrenal fatigue - brain health - prevention of cancers, such as breast cancer - integrative approach to cancer treatments - chelation therapies - attention deficit disorder and autism spectrum - metabolic syndrome - weight loss areas of promise metabolic syndrome is now a major problem worldwide. if we can prevent it from developing or even just retard the process of decline we can make a huge difference to an individual s quality of life, says golding, for example, chromium and other nutraceuticals such as alpha lipoic acid and egcg can reverse or even prevent diabetes and our goal is to ensure a healthy life without the burden of the chronic diseases of aging. chelation therapy is showing promise for the treatment of heavy metal toxicity and treatment of this is unique to anti-aging medicine. heavy metal toxicity can be tested for quite easily through urine tests, melisa blood testing or hair sampling. we are all exposed to heavy metal toxicity and the consequences can be dire if not dealt with, contributing to conditions like heart disease, vascular disease, dementia and cancer. golding is also very enthusiastic about the nutritional treatment of cancer by means of intravenous nutrients. in , dr shari lieberman presented her successful case studies to the fellowship in anti-aging. she has seen very positive results using nutraceuticals and high doses of intravenous vitamin c. golding hopes to introduce this to south africa in the course of . anti-aging medicine also extends to psychological wellness, and neurotransmitter testing. south africa still does not have the necessary facilities for this, however, and the evaluations have to be done overseas. rather than just prescribing antidepressants for depression and anxiety, amino acids, nutrients, cofactors, vitamins and minerals can be used in a more sustainable manner to restore neurotransmitter levels in the brain. neurotransmitters are essentially molecules of behaviour within the brain and many disorders ranging from depression to anxiety to attention deficicit disorder to psychosis and other mental disorders can be addressed by optimisation of neurotransmitters. golding is very conscious of the mind-body link. conventional medicine underestimates the importance of happiness. people want to feel good and be conscious of it. that s why anti-aging medicine puts great emphasis on a holistic approach, viewing the patient client as a complete entity, rather than only focusing on the one area where overt disease may be present. the wellness revolution golding feels that the world is undergoing a wellness revolution, and that anti-aging medicine will have an ever-greater role to play in the future. more and more people are embracing the wellness model, realising that lifestyle plays a key role in the development of disease and that because lifestyle is modifiable, disease is reversible. people want to feel well and be healthy, and the fact that many anti-aging practices are constantly booked up often months in advance attests to this changing mindset. golding became solal s medical director because he was very impressed with the company s range of anti-aging products. the range comprises more than 200 types of nutraceuticals, all formulated with scientifically supported optimal doses. it s a very impressive range, maybe the best of its kind in the world and superior even to those available in the usa, he says. in addition, solal also has ranges of cosmaceuticals and dermaceuticals, which hold a lot of promise for retarding aging of the skin. golding reveals that the a4m intends bringing the qualifications in anti-aging medicine to south africa. he says, gps, for example, would be able to do these courses without giving up their practices. golding also foresees a time in the usa in the not-too-distant future when anti-aging medicine will become a recognised sub-specialty, requiring a four-year degree course. and given that south africa tends to track trends in the usa, this will almost certainly become the case here too. however, those of us who already hold the current qualifications will probably be grandfathered in , he says. though passionate about anti-aging medicine, wellness and the prevention of illness, golding underscores that he is not negating the importance and value of conventional medicine, which also has its place. after all, if you ve actually had a myocardial infarction, you need treatment in an icu, not a dose of vitamin c. my point is simply that for so long we ve been over-focused on just managing diseases. but prevention, early detection and reversal of the disease process are better options. take the analogy of a car. what makes more sense? to have the car serviced regularly or to wait for it to break down? we already have the diagnostic capabilities to pick up markers of disease before it becomes clinically evident. developments in dna rna measurement and genetic testing will continue to advance this already, genetic studies can even pick up abnormalities before these are evident on pet scanning. genetic modification in utero will be the next big, exciting development. stem cell therapy is also showing great promise and is already being used in anti-aging medicine for the treatment of conditions like osteo-arthritis and macular degeneration, as well as myocardial infarction and stroke. exciting times await us with an increased life expectancy and better health.
__label__non_math	0.9932	dante alighieri was the greatest italian poet and one of the most important european writers. dante live through the years of . he has a very unique way of writing and started his works at the age of . dante wrote la divina comedia based on the era he live through and all the knowledge of his lifetime was imbedded in his works. in this specific work he writes about a journey which he wishes to better understand the afterlife receive his salvation. throughout his journey virgil was his guide and taught him all about the nine circles of hell and the punishments that the sinners received in each circle. dante was a very powerful writer and his writing has many significant symbols to many different objects. this story is very complex and interesting to read and understand each after dante exits hell with his guide virgil, he arrives into purgatory. purgatory is the in between where dante sees sinners being punished. each sin has a different punishment depending on the sin. purgatory is a place where sinners temporarily get punished in order to purify themselves and be ready for heaven. there these people learn the mistakes they have made and realize the seriousness of their sins and prepare to enter heaven paradise. virgil guides dante throughout purgatory and leads him to paradise where beatrice will be there to guide him to a very important character of the divine comedy is virgil. virgil is dante s guide throughout purgatory. virgil is a very helpful guide and is a poet whom dante looked up to. virgil symbolized human reason and taught dante everything he knows about the inferno and purgatory. virgil is in the first realm of hell, limbo. he is in limbo because he is a pagan and was never baptized. virgil takes dante through each circle and describes each circle, the reason people are there and describes each punishment. virgil protects dante from the leaders of each circle as...
__label__non_math	0.9851	rare one-piece, cant-back, step-back pine cupboard early 19th century - for sale rare one-piece, cant-back, step-back pine cupboard early 19th century one piece cupboard with top having canted section which goes from - deep to - on the bottom. this rare step-back primitive pine cupboard has a lovely, weathered honey brown patina. there are remnants of an old blue-green wash in some surface pits. three graduated shelves in the open, white-washed top area are grooved for displaying plates. the bottom has a central door with one shelf behind. door is held shut with a wooden turn-screw. the door has a raised and chamfered central panel. the interior of the door displays a worn, grain-painted surface. the cupboard has boot-jack ends and an arched front apron. the front surface displays a bead molding on the outer edge. there are square nails used in its construction. the rear of the cupboard is composed of long boards. it appears that there have been some replacement board feet inserted into the bottom few feet of the left two boards. there is a diagonal crack apparent in the top of the central rear board. overall height is from floor. overall width is . base is deep. upper section is deep at the top, tapering to 12 deep at the base of the upper section. door measurements are high x wide. this cupboard is solid and sturdy. the old stained surface is worn, pitted and cracked in places. there are nicks and scratches expected in a piece approaching 200 years of age. this cupboard may be picked up in boylston, ma. we can arrange for delivery within 100 miles. please e-mail for a delivery estimate with your location and particulars. if shipping is needed, please email for a quote to your destination. all items are sold "as is". this is an antique piece of furniture; small nicks and scratches are part of the beauty of an antique and are not described unless significant. please ask any questions prior to offering to purchase.
__label__non_math	1.0000	antique japanese tsuba signed edo period - for sale antique japanese tsuba signed edo period own this authentic symbolic piece of japanese culture, art and history - a genuine antique japanese tsuba - sword hilt or guard of the katana nihonto - curved samurai sword from the edo period of feudal japan. the piece was crafted and signed by toryuken shoyu - on the left and in gold inlay also. shoyu was a student of the famous tsuba maker from kyoto, tetsugendo seiraku. circa late 1700s - early 1800s. dimensions: approx. " x ". this tsuba comes with a handmade kiriwood display box with upholstered cushion bed and custom made upholstered blade shape position centering nub to maximize the display and safety of your fine authentic tsuba see photo . buy with confidence. this piece is guaranteed authentic.
__label__non_math	0.9998	st. anne, patroness of detroit st. anne was named by the vatican as the patron saint of the archdiocese of detroit. we honor the mother of the blessed virgin mary and prayerfully ask for her intercession. one may pray to any saint for any intention, but a patron saint is seen as the particular advocate for a chosen place or activity. st. anne is the mother of the blessed virgin mary. though she is not mentioned by name in the bible, we know of her through early christian writings, the most important of which is the protoevangelium of james, written in about 150 a.d. we are told that anne, the wife of joachim, was advanced in years before her prayers for a child were answered. an angel appeared and told her she would conceive a child who "shall be spoken of in all the world." st. anne's feast day is celebrated on july . she is known as the patron saint of equestrians, housewives, women in labor, cabinet-makers, and miners. devotion to st. anne became popular in the christian east by the fourth century, and that tradition later spread to the christian west. when the french began to colonize modern-day quebec, they brought their devotion to st. anne with them asking for her protection in the new world. this devotion was planted on the banks of the detroit river by the original french-canadian settlers. two days after antoine de la mothe cadillac landed with others in what is now downtown detroit on , they celebrated mass and began construction of a church named after saint anne. today, ste. anne de detroit church is the second oldest continually operating parish in the united states. as is now recognized by the holy see, the church of detroit was placed under st. anne's protection from its very founding.
__label__non_math	1.0000	what's on tonight: 'grey's anatomy,' 'past life,' 'real housewives' by bob sassone, posted here's tonight's tv lineup all times eastern . - at , abc has a new episode of 'the deep end,' followed by new episodes of 'grey's anatomy' and 'private practice.' - cbs has a new 'survivor' at . - nbc has more coverage of the olympics at . - at , fox has a new 'past life.' - history channel has a new 'food tech' at . - at , usa has a new 'burn notice.' - there's a new 'ace of cakes' on food network at . - bravo has a new 'real housewives of orange county' at . - comedy central has a new 'important things with demetri martin' at , then a new 'sarah silverman program.' - lifetime has a new 'project runway' at . - fx has a new 'archer' at . - also at : tlc has a new 'l.a. ink.' check your local tv listings for more. after the jump, the late night talk shows. - 'charlie rose': tba - 'lopez tonight': jennifer lopez, mark valley, amber valletta, and christian lander repeat - 'the daily show': willie mays repeat - 'the colbert report': claire danes repeat - 'the late show with david letterman': scarlett johansson and daniel merriweather - 'chelsea lately': ross matthews and owen benjamin - 'jimmy kimmel live': freddie prinze jr., danica patrick, and robin thicke - 'tavis smiley': charles blow - 'the late, late show with craig ferguson': jennifer tilly and jimmie johnson
__label__non_math	0.8883	alpha omega ministries apologetics blog for the serious minded - james whitewhen i checked on the link i have used a number of times recently for my nicea article in the cri journal of july august, , i discovered it had gone dead. so i contacted cri, and they contacted their webfolks who are busy migrating their website to a new format. they jumped my article to the head of the line and it is now available again, here. the text is there, but if you want to appreciate how well the journal originally presented the article art work and the like , you'll have to get the back issue. i would like to invite jonathan prejean, patrick madrid, dave armstrong, and the rest of that group of rc apologists, to post links to the paper as well. why? well, they are all claiming the paper is a glowing example of how unscholarly i am, how ignorant i am, and why no roman catholic should ever listen to anything i have to say. so, how about posting this link along with the envoy article, and my brief response which was limited, by the way, by publication word limits ? that way, you can let your audience find out if hugh barbour was actually dealing with what i wrote, or was doing as i have said, writing nothing but a shameless hit piece that mocks the very nature of sound scholarship? and would it not be a great benefit for madrid and prejean and armstrong to post my article as an example of just how dull i am? i mean, each of them should be able to provide a far superior summary of the main issues at nicea, constantine's role, the primary personalities involved, and make it all understandable to the interested layman, and do it all in words, right? i mean, since i failed so miserably at it, they should be able to pull it off, right? so i look forward to their demonstrating their integrity and honesty by posting the link along with their far superior articles. in passing, i'm wondering if someone can help me find the in-depth, full refutation of the talpiot tomb claims by these roman catholic apologists? i mean, i would think the fact that they are so far beyond me in scholarship especially mr. prejean , that they would have been providing information on the acts of philip and mitochondrial dna and the like far faster than i have. so could someone direct me to their rebuttals? oh, and i would invite all of them to help us test out our new phone system this afternoon evening on the dividing line? the toll free number is 877-753-. i'd love to give you the opportunity of continuing the demonstration of "ethics in defense of rome," i.e., "as long as you are slandering critics of mother church, it's all fair game."
__label__non_math	0.9943	recommendation letters are often as important as grades when applying for graduate school, says drew c. appleby, phd, a psychology professor at indiana university-purdue university indianapolis. they are equally crucial for internship and job applications. but many students still treat them as an afterthought, hurting what could otherwise be a strong dossier. that's too bad, because they are one part of an application where students' personalities can shine through and perhaps trump middling transcripts or gre scores, says appleby. "students have much more control over their destinies than they think they do," says appleby. to help keep you in control of your future, we asked experts how you can get the glowing recommendations you deserve. ask the right people the most important aspect of any recommendation is whom you ask to write it, says appleby. "the question is not, 'can you write me a letter of recommendation?' but 'can you write me a strong letter of recommendation?'" he says. most professors will answer the "strong letter" question honestly. this can save you from situations where a professor simply says you took a class with her and earned an a. letters like that can actually hurt an application, particularly for internship recommendation letters, says steve mccutcheon, phd, who chairs the association of psychology postdoctoral and internship centers board of directors. he says most students have already shown they are capable of earning good grades if they've made it to grad school. so seek recommendations that highlight such qualities as your character, dedication and drive. also, stick to people who have worked with you professionally that excludes your therapist or your parents, he notes. "even if your mother is a clinical psychologist," appleby says, "nobody will believe that she can write an objective letter about her child." for academic jobs, stick to letters from university faculty members and place extra emphasis on your research achievements and independence of thought. make the process easy busy professors spend hours writing recommendations. that's certainly the case for appleby, who recently wrote different letters to different programs for just one student. do everything you can to make the process easy, and your professors will appreciate it, he says. for starters, let your letter-writers know how to send in their recommendations, since some schools require electronic submissions while others want hard copies. give your writers a list of requirements and due dates for each program to help them stay organized. also, give them a summary of your achievements, research and other accomplishments. even your closest advisers won't remember everything you've done and how you did it, says deborah boehm-davis, phd, psychology department chair at george mason university. be specific about the program or position you are applying for so the letter can be tailored to your abilities and potential fit. "anything a student can do to make it easier for faculty members, they should do," says mccutcheon. "this is good common courtesy and good professional behavior." contact your letter-writers to ensure your letters are sent by the deadlines, says appleby. he recommends students follow up within a week of the due date. also, contact your grad programs and potential employers to confirm your dossier's status. just use some restraint when checking on your progress. "you don't want to bug them all the time," says appleby, "but a simple call or e-mail is in your best interest." e-mail's easy, but a hand-written note is usually the best way to thank letter-writers, says appleby. a thoughtful thank you may also increase the chances for future recommendations or even mentoring down the road. anyone who writes you a recommendation letter cares about your future in the field and wants to see you succeed. so consider keeping your letter-writers updated on your progress perhaps sending a quick e-mail about whether you got into a particular program, internship, postdoc or job, says appleby. finally, don't fall into some common traps of seeking recommendation letters. many students, for example, may believe that having a "big name" on a letter of recommendation will increase their chances of acceptance. yes, a letter from apa president james h. bray, phd, is impressive, but only if he's intimately aware of your achievements, character and future goals, mccutcheon says. if not, find a faculty member who can argue convincingly on your behalf based on what he or she knows from working closely with you. be sure your letter-writers can be specific. "letters that are brief and general are the worst because they indicate that the letter writer is not familiar with the student," mccutcheon adds. also, don't ask to see a recommendation letter after it is written because recipients of the letter may be concerned that this will make letter-writers less candid. if you select the right faculty, "you should feel confident that the person will support your case," says boehm-davis.
__label__non_math	0.6975	apache friends guest book everyone has a guest book. and we also. ; i decided to make a very simple form of guest book. with only one text area and no more crap like fields for your email address, name or home page url. just simple and plain as a real world guest book. and also like a real guest book: html input is not allowed. and a message to all guest book spammers: urls in this guest book were automatically removed. this is only a guest book. if you've questions or need support: please visit our . we don't answer any questions here. forum and please, for your own happiness: don't leave your e-mail addresses in a public guest book. spammers will love you. wed may :2008gracias, desde colombia, excelente trabajo, sigan adelante thanks from colombia, nice work, go ahead gracias. tue may :2008it is simple really chapeau wed apr :2008ciao mon apr :2008cool ya sun apr :2008keep up the amazing work. this software package is the best thing i have stumbled across in a long time. my donation will be coming your way very soon, as soon as i got it at least... : fri apr :2008awesome package always had bad luck with php so xampp is just sat apr :2008i think that apachefriends.org is hosted on xampp - - sat apr :2008awesome job with xampp my email is ajahs emailhidden looking forward to hear from you. ajah. tue apr :2008great work guys - rohit thakral target integration sun apr :2008hello xampers i found this website in one arab forum thanks to all developers, verry good tools mr kerbadou ghazali intellisoft algeria sun apr :2008lovely lovely work, i really really love it. it helped me stop wasting time by setting other server clients up : . thumps up x 100 :d sat apr :2008xampp is cool.. great job guys.. keep it up. y fri apr :2008dsvsvvs fri apr :2008jimmy, xampp is the best, thanks fri apr :2008ghdjggfgjhgj fri apr :2008fghhfhgh thu apr :2008f cil de instalar, configurar parab ns pelo projeto. wed apr :2008facile da installare. un lavoro meraviglioso. grazie mille a tutti. easy to install. wondefull job thanks to all wed apr :2008you did a wonderful job terry tue apr :2008thank you so much for this x-rocks package. -simplymenotu mon apr :2008thanks for a great package. i'm new to this, got a lot to learn, do not understand much yet , but xampp gives me the opportunity to get things going and learn by doing instead of learn by reading wed apr : tue apr :2008wow ang galing naman hehehe. fri mar :2008stephen from guilford connecticut, usa fri mar :2008great work, congrats fri mar :2008vista sucks mon mar :2008i use xampp to do my school project... thanks for this useful progra, it really save my time... mon mar :2008nice guestbook mon mar :2008hi mon mar :2008i use xampp for building site on joomla. i found it very easy sat mar :2008great work ... green, ohio u.s.a thu mar :2008brilliant tue mar :2008since the demise of bigapache xampp is the one to use. thanks for the work. mon mar :2008test mon mar :2008i hope that you will be able to produce apache2.installation package mon mar :2008will you make apache2.install pake sat mar :2008lovely work i really have to thank you fri mar :2008great software, thanks apache friends who can help me with advices? my sql is crashed. can i restore my database. can xampp is restoring someself. sorry my english creatus wed mar :2008a brilliant piece of software : wed mar :2008test wed feb :2008hey fred everett wa usa tue feb :2008this solved all my problems implementing mantis bugtrack on a debian server ... thanks the netherlands tue feb :2008using wampp under win xp pro. great home of graphtablet seattle washington usa
__label__non_math	0.9890	authors: mika pitk nen and timo simpanen size: 210 x 297 mm pages: 264, hb this is a book about mm weapons and ammunition used by the finnish army, navy and air force prior to . the book contains information about anti-tank rifles, anti-aircraft cannons and aircraft cannons, all mm calibre. as with other weapons used by the finnish military during the wars of , the diversity of mm weapons and cartridge case types was wide. besides the mm calibre, development of .mm weapons and ammunition in the late 1930s is also covered. although the text is mainly written in finnish, chapters in this book have concise english summaries and also captions are in english. there are colour illustrations of almost all mm cartridges used in finland in the last chapter of the book. to order this title outside finland, please contact to firstname.lastname to arrange the shipping and prepayment. hinta: . valm. koodi: koko: 210x297 mm
__label__non_math	1.0000	stanton apartments for rent show city information the greatest thing about stanton, california aside from year-round fabulous weather, beautiful scenery, and amazing parks is its location. downtown anaheim is just six miles away. stanton is four miles west of disneyland an easy drive straight down katella avenue. it is also two miles south of knott s berry farm, nine miles north of the pacific coast and those famous california beaches, and eight miles northeast of california state university, long beach. los alamitos armed forces reserve center, seal beach naval weapons station, buena park mall, and the los alamitos race track are all within minutes of stanton, as well. if you don t feel like driving the five minutes or so to get to one of the area s theme parks, stanton is home to adventure city, a fun little park with two roller coasters, rides, a petting farm, rock climbing, and more. stanton s brilliant location, easy access to beach boulevard and other freeways, excellent schools, and friendly neighborhoods make this busy little city a wonderful place to live.
__label__non_math	0.9988	last year, vancouver design studio green over grey created the largest living green wall installation in north america at the semiahmoo public library in white rock. this year, they unveiled a stunning new living green wall at edmonton international airport, likely to be the largest such installation in any airport. the ,420-square-foot vertical garden is installed as a triptych in the main terminal and features ,000 plants representing different species. most of those species have been proven by nasa to improve indoor air quality by drawing pollutants and co2 from the air and returning fresh oxygen and moisture. the added humidity from the living walls is a bonus, as the air in edmonton tends to be dry. the living wall is completely hydroponic and installed over waterproof eco-panels made from post-consumer food-grade plastic such as milk jugs, plastic bags, etc . the moss filling the spaces in between plants is made from recycled fibers from the textile industry. a sharp eye might recognize the smaller side panels as representations of two famous canadian paintings tree forms by emily carr and unnamed abstract by donald flather . the design of the larger center panel was inspired by cirrus cloud formations. read more: edmonton airport's beautiful new living green wall works to clean the air at inhabitat more vertical gardens on apartment therapy: roundup: inspiring vertical gardens a six-story vertical garden in southern spain vertical garden tiles turn buildings into living walls images: green over grey
__label__non_math	0.9997	name: jasper jack, location: rockland county, ny jasper's favorite book was about a cowboy, so it seemed like the ideal theme, particularly for an outdoor bbq the colors were kraft paper brown with blue highlights because blue is japer's favorite color the cake had white buttercream frosting and i made marshmallow fondant the night before to cut out little "cowprint" shapes to make it look theme appropriate. the cupcakes and toppers were a last minute project when i panicked that the cake might not feed all of our guests i set up a photobooth complete with boas, hats and props, and made sure to get a picture of every guest. i included a 4x6 print with the thank you cards. felt props from maro designs thanks, ariana images: ariana falerni
__label__non_math	1.0000	two extra large picture windows have great city skyline views but we can close the blackout curtains and create a quiet, private retreat. ' ceilings with exposed structural supports create volume in a long narrow room. copper, gray, green, brown and stone color palette with metallic accents makes for subdued, masculine urban feeling. now that you've got your white bedding and your comforter, it's time to accessorize. a fur blanket thrown across a bed looks so cozy and inviting perfect for sunday afternoon naps i love how my bedroom feels when i wake up with the sunshine, not an alarm clock, on a saturday morning. it has a calm quality with great light and i have put a lot of myself into the creation of the space. the dresser is a refurbish job, the photography is mine, and the striped wall is my handiwork. it's full of memories, both tangible and not, and lots of dreams. our bedroom incorporates some things my husband and i have accumulated and loved for a long time, and that have appeared in different spots and guises in the various places we've called home. the bureaus we splurged on when starting out give us joy every day, along with the colorful resin lamps. as much as we love natural light in the home and in all the gorgeous bedrooms in our bedroom contest this month, it's healthier to sleep in complete darkness. a friend of mine is moving her bedroom to the smallest, darkest room in her home because she sleeps better in pitch darkness. that it's a place my husband and i both love. we didn't want a serene, vanilla bedroom, we wanted something dark and moody but a little wild and fun too. this room was on a tight budget so shopping craigslist and repurposing was our goal i love how my room displays my personality. i am a full time student who studies all the time, hence all the tech, but i also play around a lot; whether it be games, playing soccer, hiking or just going out with friends. being able to portray that i balance my work and social life is very important to me. it's sunny, light, vintage and somehow also modern and it seems to work with the textiles we've picked up along the way. oh it's also not too fussy like us
__label__non_math	0.9996	as valentine's day nears, it gives us pause to take stock of all that we love...all of the tech we love, that is. of course it's easy to love the shiny and new, but there's always going to be old devices and accessories that prove difficult to part ways with. we explore why we just can't seem to let go of our old tech, even if it means our stuff just sits rotting away in a storage closet somewhere taking up space. so why do we have so much trouble parting with old technology we've accumulated over the years? whether it's an old television set or computer monitor, random cable, or camera, we always seem to store things away, shoving things into our ever-bulging closets. so why do we have so much trouble letting go? maybe it's because like keeping a set of "skinny clothes", we're holding onto these items imagining the chance maybe someday we'll find ourselves needing their use again. so we find ourselves hanging onto every little adapter or cable or bolt and bracket that we've ever come across. sometime it's because we spent so much damn money on a particular tech device or accessory, even though it's now worthless, we just can't bear to toss it out with the trash or let it go for pennies on the dollar. that old 500 to repair? that 200. that ,000 video camera that your smartphone outperforms and is always in your pocket. it's insane how much money we've sunk into tech and now we should just get rid of it like it didn't cost us a fortune before and is now worthless to us? or perhaps we're just lazy. maybe there's personal content on a smart phone or hard drive that we just need to clear out before we get rid of it. we could be just waiting to take a picture of it before listing it on craigslist. or maybe we promised it to our nephew but we keep forgetting to bring it with us whenever we see him. it might be that yard sale you keep talking about having and keep holding on to things for. and then there's sentimental value. how can we possibly let go of something we worked extra hours over the summer to afford? it was so beautiful that we went out and got it and we've kept it in such great condition over all these years and it still looks so pretty, just sitting there lonely and forlorn. there's no resale value but we can't bear to just toss it out with the trash. whether it's hoarding or love or obsession or whatever reason you can justify to yourself, share with us your old loves, and tell us why you just can't let go. recycle, sell donate tech on apartment therapy confessions of a tech hoarder: love it or leave it using social networking to recycle, sell, donate tech our favorite ways to reuse recycle old tech time to declutter: smart things to do with old cables chargers responsible ways to recycle your old tech declutter for a good cause: recycle donate your old tech when re-gifting is good: where to recycle and donate tech what to do with your old iphone? or other smartphone
__label__non_math	0.9939	if you've ever sat on a bench in a rittenhouse square park at night, you know what i mean. all that gorgeous greenery that we enjoy during the day becomes home to less desirable, four legged friends at night. do ivy covered houses cover up numerous creepy crawlies, as well? obviously, their verticality limits the number of furry vermin able to make the trek, but what about their insect brethren? and do the ground-bound scavengers simply collect at the base of the house instead? then there are the damaging properties inherent in the ivy itself. growing green walls often result in structural damage to a building. they trap moisture and can expedite related problems, causing wood to rot and mortar to soften. so where do you draw the line between dreamy and detrimental? i'm curious, have you ever lived in an ivy-covered house? what was your experience? are they better to look at than to live in? or, are they all we hope they'd be - charming, romantic...magical??
__label__non_math	0.9729	inspired ideas, indeed the first thing you want to do is find images that you want to use. old black and white photos work best because of the high contrast. when you photocopy the image, play around with the contrast and resolution controls on the copier to get the results you desire. again, high contrast works best. oh, and it won't work with inkjet printers. either photocopy the images or print using a laser printer. i recommend using the small votive cylinder candleholders found commonly at craft stores. if you use this size, size your photographs to fit on a " high x ." long strip. you'll want to pull out the scanner, reload the old laser printer, pick up some transparent contact paper, and then check out step-by-step directions over at inspired ideas - making memory candles.
__label__non_math	0.9653	may was a huge step up for us; we tried our second extreme luxury bed, the savoir no. , also known as the savoy. completely handmade in england for each customer, sara kate and i slept on a medium tension model that was sprung equally for both of us we were both invited to come try a floor model months ahead of time . our experience? we both really liked the bed, but had different reactions to how lumpy the bed was at first it settled a lot over the course of the month. we agreed on one thing: this bed really moves. savoir is a uk based company that started up in by making beds for the savoy hotel in london after the owner declared he wanted the best beds in town for his hotel. prior to , you could only buy these beds through the hotel, but since then the company split off and has a large presence in europe. they only opened a us showroom, in new york city, last year. in the interest of full disclosure, the delivery of these beds is a big part of the experience, and we got the full treatment. savoir not only delivered the bed, but threw in luxury bedding and a bottle of champagne they said customers often buy new bedding with their beds . when we came home that night it made quite an impression. personal, white glove delivery is standard. not sure about the champagne. this is what we tried out: sferra giza sateen bedding hefel pure silk comforter savoir back-sleeper pillows while all of this added to the experience, we quickly swapped out the sateen for our own linen sheets. they were just too slippery. it's worth adding, however, that making a big deal out of this point of contact made a distinct impression. not only is bed delivery a very sensitive event, it's also a huge marketing opportunity and all of the attention this bed comes with definitely adds to the personal experience. excellent but not at first you have to get used to this bed. for a k bed, we were both amazed at what a lumpy first impression it made. the horsehair topper settled big-time over our thirty days. soft, breathable and plush with many layers of natural material, i loved falling into it at night, but it did take getting used to. sara found the way the horsehair topper "settled" uncomfortable as it created a ridge between us at first and made her feel as if she were rolling towards the edge. this went away by the end of the month. that said, we both slept very well after the first week, my occasional morning back pains disappeared and our body temperatures were never too hot or too cold. the sleep is very soft and deep, which i prefer, but sara is more of a firm surface aficionado. this is important to know when choosing a bed, and the savoir can be built for different firmnesses within the same bed. the savoir is a "bespoke" handmade bed, which means that it is built to your specifications in their factory in london. totally traditional in build, with layers of natural materials on top of hand tied springs, this bed will rock your world if your eco-minded. if you just like well made things, you'll appreciate all the care that goes into one of these things. from the savoir website: the difference between a savoir bed and any other will become apparent over many years of comfort. the fact that hours of craftsmanship goes into one of our king size beds allows us to make best use of the finest materials. screwing a frame together takes longer than using a pneumatic staple gun, but the time taken is reflective in their respective lives. the materials? fsc certified knot-free pine and beech, lambswool, cotton, horsehair and steel springs. i took a lot of pics of the bed being set-up as the thing looks as good without bedding as it does dressed. this bed is a lot of money, but if actually can afford to buy one, you're likely not to feel that it's overpriced. while i'm sure there's a healthy markup in there, this is a lot of bed and you do feel like you're lying on something that's going to get better and dearer with time. it had a totally different presence in our bedroom than most of the other beds - like a big, solid anchor in our home. if you're big into having a great bed, really crave natural materials, this type of soft, deep sleep and don't need to buy a car or send a kid to college this year, this could be a great choice. can you get a savoir for less? yes, savoir makes two other models that are lower in price often bought for guest rooms do you sleep on a savoir bed? if yes, please let me know in the comments how it's going for you. bed rankings to date - .. best overall sleep experience according to both him and her - i.e. two thumbs up tie for first tie for second . the keetsa pillow plus . the biltmore bed by c.p. rogers . encased coil natural mattress by room board . tempur-cloud supreme with advanced ergo adjustable base . embody memory foam stillness plus bed by sealy . ikea erfjord year in bed info follow daily progress on twitter at yearinbed all year in bed posts keetsa pillow plus review the biltmore by c.p. rogers review savoir no. review tempur-pedic tempur-cloud review room board encased coil natural mattress review beyond the ides of march - bed from room board how to get a really good night's sleep danny seo natural care review natura latex review preview: naturalatex tranquil more things i've learned so far sealy review sealy preview ikea review ikea preview hastens review what is the right price for a bed? some things i've learned so far hastens preview year in bed: a modest proposal
__label__non_math	0.5983	newly opened in brussels' posh ixelles district, tenbosch house is a b b that offers lots of inspiration for lovers of scandinavian design. owners cedric meuris and bernard devaux hired architect patrice lemeret to transform two nineteenth-century houses into one open, airy hotel, while designers michel penneman and catharina eklof chose 1960s scandinavian furniture to maintain a mod look throughout. among the classic 60s furniture, we spotted hans wegner chairs, nisse strinning shelves, and poul henningsen lighting. there are local references as well in the b b's design belgian and international artwork appears in rooms and public spaces. the hotel strives to be "a place of serenity," one "that is small enough to care, yet spacious enough to give you freedom and calm." tenbosch house, brussels photos: serge anton
__label__non_math	1.0000	sancti spiritus, cuba, alex webb magnum photos photography workshop at aperture with alex webb and rebecca norris webb this one-day workshop is geared for documentary photographers, street photographers, and others who photograph the world with a camera not for those who dramatically manipulate their photographs. also includes public gallery talk with alex webb about his exhibition, alex webb: the suffering of light, at aperture gallery from to . the exhibition features works from his recently published book the suffering of light. saturday, tickets are non-refundable purchase tickets to the event do you know where you re going next with your photography or where it s taking you? this intensive one-day workshop will help photographers begin to understand their own distinct way of seeing the world. it will also help photographers figure out their next step photographically from deepening their own unique vision to the process of discovering and making a long-term project that they re passionate about. a workshop for serious amateurs and professionals alike, it will begin with reviews of each photographer s work, serving as a jumping off point for a larger discussion about various photographic issues. alex and rebecca, a creative team who often edit projects and books together including their book and museum of fine arts, boston, exhibition, violet isle: a duet of photographs from cuba will explore with the class a series of topics, including the process of photographing spontaneously and intuitively; how to photograph in cultures other than one s own; how to edit photographs intuitively; the emotional and psychological implications of working in color vs. black and white; the difference between images in a book and images on the wall; and how long-term projects can evolve into books and exhibitions. participants should be prepared to ask questions, as these concerns will help shape the ultimate direction of the workshop. this one-day workshop is geared for documentary photographers, street photographers, and others who photograph the world with a camera not for those who dramatically manipulate their photographs. aperture gallery and bookstore 547 w. 27th street, 4th floor new york, ny the workshop is offered at the discounted price of for full-time students and aperture members. please call 212 505- to reserve at this special rate, or buy tickets through aperture s website. alex webb is best known for his vibrant and complex color work, especially from latin america and the caribbean. he has published nine books, including istanbul: city of a hundred names, and his most recent, the suffering of light: thirty years of photographs aperture . alex has exhibited at museums worldwide including the whitney museum of american art, the high museum of art, atlanta, and the museum of contemporary art, san diego. his work is in the collections of the museum of fine arts, boston, the metropolitan museum of art, ny, and the guggenheim museum, ny. alex became a full member of magnum photos in . his work has appeared in national geographic, the new york times magazine, geo, and other magazines. he received a guggenheim fellowship in for continuing working in cuba, and the premio internacional de fotografia alcobendas in . for the past decade, rebecca norris webb has been exploring the complicated relationship between people and the natural world. originally a poet, she has shown her photographic work internationally, including at the george eastman house museum and ricco maresca gallery, new york. her first book, the glass between us, was published in , and her second book, violet isle: a duet of photographs from cuba with alex webb , was published in november . her photographs are in the collections of the george eastman house museum, museum of fine arts, boston, and the provincetown art association and museum, and she is represented by the photographers gallery in london. rebecca s work has appeared in time, new letters, orion, and other magazines. her third book, my dakota, will be published in by radius, and exhibited at the dahl arts center in rapid city, south dakota. alex and rebecca have a joint exhibition of their cuba photographs at the museum of fine arts, boston, which will run until , which will then travel to the southeast museum of photography in daytona, florida. the couple is currently collaborating on a project in the u.s. what photographers should bring: about photography prints can be inexpensive or work prints; we are most interested in the image not the quality of the print . for those who are working in a series or on a long-term project, feel free to bring one or two projects. class limit: . for more information, contact rebecca at email
__label__non_math	1.0000	occupational health and safety act to provide that the manufacture, supply, installation, design and safe use of lifts are regulated; safety, rehabilitation and compensation act to: restore comcare s access to the consolidated revenue fund to pay compensation claims for diseases with long latency periods; re-instate workers compensation claims arising from off-site recess injuries; allow for compensation for medical expenses to be paid when payment of compensation benefits is suspended; and set time limits within which claims must be determined; and occupational health and safety act , occupational health and safety maritime industry act and seafarers rehabilitation and compensation act to make amendments consequent on the commencement of the legislative instruments act .
__label__non_math	0.9990	all your expenses at a glance my budget book play.google.com.onetwoapps.mh all your expenses at a glance. my budget book is not a normal household accounts book. this app helps you keep track of you expenditures and earnings and manage your money more effectively. use the individual transfers and standing orders feature to get an idea of your expenses over the next couple of months and see how much money you have available to spend. the app also gives you a graphical overview of the information, making it easier to plan larger purchases over the up-coming months. we all know what it feels like to want to buy something but not know whether you can afford it. use my budget book to see your current balance as well as how many bills you have to pay before the end of the month. - easy access. no internet connection required - no registration - available in languages at the moment the moment the app language is based on your telephone settings . - see this month s balance when the app starts up. - the graphical overview is perfect for planning your expenses over the upcoming of months. - customize the overview by changing the number of past and future months that are displayed. - manage more than one account - record you earnings and expenses across all accounts. - visualise the statistics as a table or graph and see where your money has gone by categorising all earnings and expenses. - filter your earnings and expenses according to months, quarters or whole years. - use the powerful search function to look for specific expenses and or time periods. - carry your balance over into the next month. - manage standing orders so you can plan ahead for the upcoming months. - create templates to make inputting your expenses is even easier. - add further main and sub-categories to get a better overview of your expenses - use the notepad to monitor important expenses. - protect your data by activating password protection. - export your data in html or csv format on an sd card . - create backups so you never lose your data. - import your existing data using the csv import function just move the csv file to the folder "sdcard my budget book" and import it via the app settings import of other formats will be made available by request . - new menu item "last csv imports". all csv imports can be displayed, deleted or edited via the context menu. imports before this update cannot be displayed. - the csv files by some banks no longer need to be manually edited before importing. - the last selected categories tab page is now stored and displayed directly on the next selection. - more csv formats and currencies added. - all changes can be found in the "info" dialog. - if you have any questions, just send a mail via the support function. required android o s : .
__label__non_math	0.9998	if you like a james bond mystery you will definitely like alex rider, a year old miniature james bond spy. after finding out that his uncle was killed and not in a car accident, alex is reluctantly recruited by m16, a british intelligence agency. equipped with his own special gadgets alex is off on his first mission. he is sent to cornwall to investigate a new computer system which darrius sayle has created. sayle is donating a free stormbreaker mega-computer to every school in britain. but there is some underlying scheme connected with these stormbreakers and alex is sent to stop sayle and his plans. after finding out the truth, alex is in grave danger and must return to britain to stop sayle and save england. will he succeed? there are some additional characters both good and evil that alex encounters during his mission. there is the evil publicist, nadia vole, and the disfigured mute, mr. grim, assisting darius sayle. there is jack starbright and sabina pleasure helping alex. both jack and sabina are recurring characters in the other books of the series. the storyline is simple and the good guy bad guy characters are easily defined. the story is fast paced and the cliff-hanger chapters leave the book hard to put down. readers will enjoy alex and his many talents. he has a knack for finding trouble and numerous ways of escaping it. the book will leave the reader wanting to explore the next one and eventually reading all of the books in the series. the recommended age level is for grades through . send a question or comment to appleton public library.
__label__non_math	1.0000	grab-a-byte time means a perfect time to pick up mel's newest kit, sweet sensation, at an incredible price, right now at scrapbook-bytes how about some inspiration from the team? and as promised, here is kathy's freebie for you. please click the image to get to the download. have a great monday
__label__non_math	0.9999	no, i didn t eat it all, but i bought a wonderful free range chicken last sunday and it was still sitting in my fridge today, because i was never home in time during the week to roast it and there was no room in the freezer for it. as the date on it said i had to make it today and d. is out for a leaving do from work, i thought i d just have to treat myself and have it anyways. i wanted a simple, no faff recipe and i remembered seeing this one in nigella s feast. it is very similar to my own standard roast chicken recipe, apart from that i usually add half an onion and some garlic to the cavity and sprinkle some paprika on the chicken before roasting, but i decided to go with nigella s even simpler version as she had never once failed me yet. oh, and i usually baste my chicken a couple of times, so it won t dry out, but even with not basting the chicken was good and not dry at all. so, without further ado, here is and if anybody can tell me how to take a really good picture of a whole roasted chicken, please do, as i think it never looks as good as it smells and tastes. lemon roast chicken chicken 2kg , at room temperature tbsp maldon salt -gr butter preheat your oven to 220c gas . wash your chicken inside and out and pat dry with a paper towel. place the chicken, breast side up, in a roasting tin and rub the cavity with some of the salt. place half of the lemon in the cavity and rub the chicken with the butter and drizzle with a little olive oil. place in the middle of your oven and roast for hours. remove from the oven and squeeze the juice of the other lemon half all over. be careful when you do this as the hot fat at the bottom of the pan will start spluttering. sprinkle with the rest of the salt and allow to rest for minutes before carving. if you have a bigger or smaller chicken you can calculate the times as given in this recipe.
__label__non_math	1.0000	scan this qr code with your smartphone for a video on what volunteers are doing to help sandy victims. when aberdeen officials placed plastic cones to divert drivers from crossing the road after superstorm sandy knocked out the power to some traffic signals along route , many motorists simply drove around or over the obstacles. the town then placed officers along the stretch to enforce traffic. but with a force of officers already stretched thin by the storm, the decision meant that officers standing in the middle of route were not at other areas also needing attention, police chief john powers said. eventually, buses were parked in the spaces between the jersey barriers, and officers were reassigned from traffic duty. we adjusted some of our methods and basically how we allocated our staff that were on the road, he said. while many officials said extensive preparation and community cooperation helped their town s efforts during sandy, this once-in-a-lifetime event also gave them some learning opportunities. they found that some techniques worked well and some needed adjustments. for instance, the barnegat police department found huge success by disseminating storm information through its facebook page. the approximately ,000-person township attracted about ,000 unique visitors to its page, said lt. keith germain. it allowed us to reach a large amount of people very quickly in really a way we re not used to being able to get them the information, he said. but in aberdeen, officials acknowledged that the township s methods for communicating did not properly account for a situation where the municipality would be without power for days. the plan was for information to be spread via reverse-911 calls and on aberdeen s website, powers said. but once the power went out, township officials struggled to update the site. the reverse-911 calls, known as code reds, often went to landlines that were dead or to cell phones without a charge. we ve become too dependent on it, powers said of the internet. we will make the necessary changes and we will do a better job next time. asbury park fire chief kevin keddy said teamwork from the office of emergency management really helped the city s preparation and handling of the storm. the team, as well as a number of representatives from local organizations, met twice a day from oct. through saturday, the first day the city decided it could reduce this frequency. overall, i give us a pretty good passing grade, but there s always room for improvement, keddy said. one improvement he mentioned was providing backup emergency generators for the springwood avenue center, which was used to feed people affected by sandy. the city is considering making the facility the primary reception and care center in the future. in belmar, mayor matt doherty said the municipality handled the disaster as best it could, preparing for the storm through conference calls with gov. chris christie s office and the national weather service. and like other officials, doherty credited the rescuers who fought mph winds and water above their heads. the firefighters, first aid personnel, and water rescue teams in belmar were all volunteers. doherty said he hoped to be more convincing in future mandatory evacuation notices, because every rescue puts our volunteers lives at risk. and for many officials, the aftermath of these storms can simply be exhausting. since sandy, toms river police chief michael mastronardy s day starts early in the morning and is filled with a variety of tasks, including a morning meeting with township officials and personnel from other agencies, such as the office of emergency management. and there is often an evening meeting to go over details of what has happened during the day concerning power restoration, road clearing and the latest on re-entry plans for those on the barrier island. it is a long day. there are nights i just want to go home put my feet up and get warm and sleep, mastronardy said. but he knows that as the restoration moves forward, there is a lot of work that has to be done. in brick, it was experience from past storms that helped officials weather sandy and start moving forward. sgt. keith reinhard said the township had task forces that combined police officers, firefighters, emergency medical service personnel and public works employees. these rescuers responded to calls together and were able to provide assistance for nearly any scenario. it helped us really know where our resources were, and we were better able to dispatch our calls for service, he said. brick also had a -hour call center for people wanting general, non-emergency information. this, reinhard said, relieved the amount of calls police dispatch centers received. and although the township was as prepared as possible, he said that with this type of storm and its magnitude, i don t think you re ever 100 percent prepared. contributing: staff writer bob vosseller
__label__non_math	0.9807	on fri, jan , ken chang wrote: docomo's i-mode mail is unique with a single storage, and up to messages per mailbox, about days' messages for an average user. new submission will be rejected if the mailbox is full. not a big problem for international travels shorter than a week. and even for longer travels, the bounce message you get is quite clear about what's happened: the mail has not been delivered because the mailbox can contain no more than messages, and is full. this happened to me whilst i was away over christmas. this is far better than the default sms situation. i picked up an at t prepaid cellphone in new york, and i never got any notification of whether my sms were delivered or not, nor could i see any way to set up this notification. when i sent an sms to another phone that was not equipped to receive it, it just vanished into the ether but i still got charged ten cents . curt sampson don't you know, in this new dark age, we're all light. --xtc received on sat jan :
__label__non_math	0.9997	unified smart search field. get everywhere from here. now there s one simple field for both search terms and web addresses. when you enter a web address, safari takes you right to the web page and even fills in the entire url. safari finds what you re looking for in a faster and smarter way. as you type in the field, safari stays one step ahead and suggests a top hit the closest match to what you re looking for. safari uses pages from your bookmarks and history to find a top hit, so you find the right web page fast. tab view. a new point of view. mountain lion tab view gives you the big picture of your browsing. just pinch to see all your open tabs. swipe left or right to move between them. and tap a tab to go right to the website. multi-touch makes tab view a fun and natural way to browse. icloud tabs. pick up the web wherever you left off. mountain lion icloud tabs makes the last websites you had open on your mac available in safari on your ipad, iphone, and ipod touch. so you can go from one device to another without having to search for the web pages you were reading. it happens without syncing. just click the icloud tabs button in the safari toolbar to see the web pages you last viewed on any device. the urls are encrypted for privacy. if you don t want the web pages you view on your mac to be visible on your other devices, you can turn on private browsing. improved performance. it s power-browsing. more new safari features safari takes your privacy seriously. you can turn on do not track, an emerging privacy standard. checking this privacy pane preference sends websites you visit a request not to track you online. safari also sends a request to websites not to track you when you use private browsing. safari now stores the content from web pages in your reading list so you can catch up on your reading even when you don t have an internet connection. if an article in your reading list contains multiple pages, safari fetches the pages ahead of time so you can read the entire article offline. safari makes the web even better for chinese users. baidu, the leading chinese search engine, is now available as a built-in option in the search field. in mountain lion, sina weibo, a popular chinese microblogging service, is built into the share menu. chinese users can click the share button and select sina to share links right from safari.
__label__non_math	0.9964	aerogrip and transition iphone cases from cygnett review the transition is a snap on iphone case. it hard plastic material that s flexible and still plastic stiff. the case has a soft-rubber texture, which provides good grip. the design has a subtle gradient pattern of dots from solid gray to black. the transition is available in white or black pictured and retails for .. the aerogrip is new hardshell case for the iphone . the case snaps on the back of the iphone and has a glossy plastic finish. the grip part of the case involves dimples that run along the sides of the phone. high-gloss cases can get a little slick in the hand, and these dimples seem some grip. the case is made of polycarbonate and features smooth plastic corners. the aerogrip is available in yellow, white pictured red, purple, and black and retails for .. video rating:
__label__non_math	0.9994	how many historic facts or symbols can you find by looking at oregon's quarter? you can enter the information directly on the form and print with your input, or print the worksheet and complete it with pen or pencil. i look little....but i print click the worksheet printer icon that says "full page print" for a high quality printable worksheet. all state quarter printables are interactive. you can type in your thoughts online or print them out to complete the worksheet offline.
__label__math	0.7899	demands for lower cost manufacturing, lighter components, and recycleability are forcing manufacturers to switch from metal components to plastic. while the assembly processes are different, some of the same concerns apply. finding a reliable assembly equipment supplier, defining part requirements, getting them involved early, and choosing the right assembly process are the keys to success. chart outlines the different characteristics, capabilities, and requirements of a variety of plastic welding processes. click for the full-size graphic. appliance components come in all shapes and sizes, and each one has its own unique characteristics that demand an assembly process to fit. ultrasonic, hot-plate, spin, thermal, laser, and vibration welding are the most common plastic assembly methods. choosing the correct method can be difficult. a supplier who has technical knowledge in all of the processes is the best choice. they will have knowledge of all the different process joint designs, can provide assistance in material selection, and can support once the process is in production. part requirement before the design of the plastic part is critical. this will save dollars in tooling costs and help assure that the correct process to achieve the requirements is chosen. all too often, the plastic molds are manufactured, the first parts are assembled, and then quality control determines that the parts will not pass a pressure test. this is too late; now significant dollars will need to be spent to correct problem. requirements such as a need for pressurization, exposure to extreme cold or heat, cosmetic-part status requires no blemishes , and parts assembled per minute are all factors in determining the correct process and plastic each process has unique plastic-joint design requirements to assure proper weld strength. assembly equipment suppliers can help design the weld area joint design. an example of joint design requirements for ultrasonic assembly is given by guide to ultrasonics from dukane charles, il, u.s. : "mating services should be in intimate contact around the entire joint. the joint should be in one plane, if possible. a small initial contact area should be established between mating halves. a means of alignment is recommended so that mating halves do not misalign during the weld operation." obviously, these joint requirements should all be designed into the part prior to machining of the injection molds. what assembly process is correct for a part? as stated earlier, ultrasonic, hot-plate, spin, thermal, vibration, and laser welding are the most common methods used in production today. each method has unique advantages. ultrasonic assembly is a fast, repeatable, and reliable process that allows for sophisticated process control. high-volume small parts that have very tight assembly tolerances lend themselves well to ultrasonic assembly. ultrasonic systems have the capability of exporting relevant assembly process data for spc documentation and fda validation. ultrasonic welding can be easily integrated into automated systems. hot-plate welding can accommodate a wide range of parts sizes and configurations. these machines offer high-reliability hermetic seals and strong mechanical bonds on complex part geometries. the process is fairly simple; the two parts to be jointed are brought in close proximity to a heated platen until the joint area is in a molten state. the platen is removed and the parts are clamped together until the joint cools off and returns to a solid state. spin welding is a very cost-effective method for joining large, medium, or small circular parts such as washing machine tubs to agitator components. water purification filters, thermal mugs, and irrigation assemblies typically are joined using the spin welding process. careful attention to joint design is critical for parts that require flash-free appearance. assemblies that require inserts at multiple points on multiple planes, like computer or vacuum cleaner housings, typically benefit from thermal insertion staking. thermal staking is ideal for attachment of non-plastic components to the plastic housing, such as circuit boards and metal brackets. dates coding, embossing, and degating are other uses for thermal presses. thermal welding can be a slower assembly process than ultrasonic, so, depending on the volumes of assemblies required, ultrasonic maybe a better choice. vibration welding physically moves one of the two parts horizontally under pressure to create heat through surface friction. compared to ultrasonic welding, vibration welding operates at much lower frequencies, much higher amplitude, and with greater clamping force. the limitation to vibration welding is simply that the joint must be in a single plane in at least one axis in order to allow the vibration motion. like hot-plate welding, vibration welding is a highly reliable process that can handle large parts in challenging materials or multiple parts per cycle with ease. chain saw housings, blower and pump assemblies, and large refrigerator bins are examples of potential vibration welding applications. cycle times for vibration welds are very short, thus they are ideal for high volume and are easily automated. laser welding is the newest technology of the processes available today. one benefit of laser welding is that the weld joints produce no flash or particulate outside of the joint. assemblies that require absolutely no contamination for particulate, like medical filters, are good candidates. a second benefit is that the assembly is not exposed to heat or vibration. devices that have very sensitive electronic internal components that may be damaged from vibration can now be assembled effectively. laser welding requires the parts to be transmissive and absorbive, specifically how transparent the parts appear to the laser beam. one material transmits the coherent laser light and the other material absorbs the light and converts it to heat. parts that appear black to the human eye can be transparent or opaque at the wavelength of the laser light. clear-to-clear joints and joints that are optically transparent can be readily achieved by use of special coatings. depending on the part geometry, laser welding can be a slower process then vibration or ultrasonic welding. plastic appliance components are the direction of the future - they can be assembled economically and produce functional products. this information is provided by michael johnston, national sales and marketing manager, dukane
__label__non_math	0.9977	november u.s. manufacturing technology orders were 460.million in november . year-to-date u.s. manufacturing technology orders were ,212.million, putting up . from the first months of . "orders for all of remain full steam ahead, likely on pace to pass the totals of and echoing the overall strength of manufacturing for the year," said douglas k. woods, amt president. "while economic uncertainty remains a concern for both businesses and consumers, we anticipate a steady, albeit slower growth for manufacturing as we begin ." back to breaking news
__label__non_math	0.8729	"how to identify and control water weeds and algae" is the complete guide to identification, treatment options and measuring lakes and ponds to apply product to common aquatic plants. identifying the type or species of plant s to be controlled is the first step in implementing a management strategy. this book is intended for government, commercial and private concerns responsible for maintaining the recreational, aesthetic and functional value of water resources. recommendations are based upon decades of research in aquatic plant control and water management by industry, universities and government agencies. literature files are in pdf file format and require a pdf reader to view. need to find a hard copy of this book? please contact us.
__label__non_math	1.0000	welcome to appliedradiology.com please subscribe to any of our complimentary email alerts that are of interest to you: please indicate what best describes your professional classification? check only one what is your primary place of practice? check only one what are your primary areas of interest? check all that apply technologies of interest to you check all that apply , anderson publishing, ltd. .
__label__non_math	0.9955	,000 - 100,000 downloads by olly s on love this app but every time i sync it registers my device as a new device. grrr. by ronanzki canonizadzki asissi on unable to start always prompt an error.. by jos a. aponte marrero on "...positive to be aware of oneself...thanks..." by a google user on dil ke paas by sanjay on by jimmy on i bought the premium services from the beginning. each time i synced my phone to my account on the handylog website it recorded it as a new device, so after days, it won't let me sync anymore because it says i reached the limit of synced devices. when i easy to use and great functions. work's great by prathap on what is this by ahsan on i was surprized when i hear about it... by mattrey on i use this app every day and has never let me downd. i even have it on my playbook by wicked96ss on good, not great.droid bionic. works sometimes. forgets login credentials, then error: "login successful. error, too many linked devices." please fix for stars. by terry on too many ads... faq sucks. rest is good. using it since long. very convenient. by mette on must have for fatso like me. android is a trademark of google inc. hosting and servers by our friends at celingest best mobile app review site
__label__non_math	0.9996	sunday, noise isn't necessarily bad, and some sounds cannot really be classified as noise. bird song for instance, invites solitude and reflection. laughter lifts the spirit and can be shared or experienced solo. and even the cacophony of life ...genuine noise...can be good, because but there are times, when i need to pull inward and reflect and meditate on the things i have learned amid all of the noise. when i lived in florida, i would go out early in the morning just as the sun was rising, and walk in beautiful silence along the ocean shore. there were sounds, my feet moving through thick white sand, the gentle shush of the gulf coast as it touched the shore, gulls and sea-birds, and even a quick hello as one morning sojourner passed another in their morning quiet. my walks never failed to bring peace, to find beauty, because it was there...no matter which direction i turned. here, i do the same. i get up and walk and i try very hard to enjoy the stark beauty of winter. every day i find something peaceful, a bird, a deer, or just the sound of my footsteps as my feet crunch through the snow. it is difficult at times though, because i crave the sun as if it were my breath. day after day of heavy low clouds weighs on my spirit and infringes on my attempts at peacefulness. if i had to choose, i would choose to be walking on that beach right now. but we can't always choose. sometimes we must take what we are given and craft something lovely out of it, no matter how bleak it seems in the beginning. sometimes the end result is far more magnificent than we ever could have imagined. and sometimes it isn't. i will be so grateful when spring is here, the snow is gone, and there are blue skies to lift my heart. until then, i will revel in the winter wonderland at my doorstep and breathe in each moment of peace where i find it. i will continue to use this diagnosis to transform myself and my life into something magnificent that otherwise would never have been possible.
__label__math	0.9076	joel m. moss los alamos national laboratory "for his pioneering experiments using dimuon production in proton-nucleus interactions which demonstrate that there is no antiquark enhancement in nuclei, and which delineate the characteristics of charmonium and open charm production in nuclear systems."background: dr. moss received his b.s. degree from fort hayes state university in , and his ph.d. in nuclear chemistry from the university of california, berkeley in . he spent two periods as a postdoctoral fellow: from at the centre d'tudes nuclaires de saclay, france, and in the physics department of the university of minnesota. in he accepted a faculty position in the physics department of texas a m university where he carried out an extensive series of experimental studies of nuclear giant resonances using beams at the texas a m cyclotron. in addition he developed the technique of focalplane polarimetry using a magnetic spectrograph. in he accepted at position in the physics division at los alamos national laboratory. there, he and colleagues further developed the techniques of focalplane polarimetry at lampf and the indiana university cyclotron facility, and applied them to the study of the nuclear spin response function. a wellknown application was to the search for pionic collectivity in nuclei. the implications of its apparent absence are still the subject of much debate. in he became spokesman of a new collaboration formed experiment e772 to study dimuon production in proton nucleus collisions using 800 gev protons at fermilab's tevatron. in the following years, he and los alamos colleagues played major roles in two further fermilab experiments that emphasized aspects of the parton structure of nucleons and nuclei. his current interests are aimed at the future rhic program, using the phenix detector to study highenergy nuclear collisions and the spin structure of the nucleon. dr. moss is a fellow of the aps, and has served on the nuclear sciences advisory committee. noemie benczer koller chair john harris, r g hamish robertson 'recipient , peter paul vice chair , stephen j wallace
__label__non_math	0.9984	on friday, the department of health and human services hhs released a new report identifying interventions that can help increase physical activity in youth aged -years across a variety of settings. the primary audiences professionals. apta submitted comments in december on the draft report. physical activity guidelines for americans midcourse report: strategies to increase physical activity among youth summarizes intervention strategies based on the evidence from literature reviews and is organized into settings where youth live, learn, and play: school, preschool and childcare, community, family and home, and primary health care. key findings of the report suggest that: other materials released by hhs include an infographic highlighting opportunities to increase physical activity throughout the day and a youth fact sheet summarizing the report's recommendations for youth aged -years. more information can be found at apta has long supported hhs' efforts to increase awareness about the benefits of physical activity. it provided input on the physical activity guidelines for americansrelated to the importance of considering physical activity needs and barriers for people with disabilities. it also served on the physical activity guidelines reaction group. the association also contributes to the be active your way blog. therapists pts and physical therapist assistants ptas , especially those who have patients with wounds, are encouraged to take steps to protect their most vulnerable patients from carbapenem-resistant enterobacteriaceae cre , a family of germs that have become difficult to treat because they have high levels of resistance to antibiotics. in addition to patients at high risks, pts and ptas should take all necessary precautions to prevent the spread of cre to according to the centers for disease control and prevention cdc , cre are resistant to all, or nearly all, antibiotics even the most powerful drugs of last-resort. cre also have high mortality rates, killing in patients who get bloodstream infections from them. additionally, cre easily transfer their antibiotic resistance to other bacteria. for example, carbapenem-resistant klebsiella can spread its drug-destroying properties to a normal e. coli bacteria, which makes the e.coli resistant to antibiotics also. "that could create a nightmare scenario since e. coli is the most common cause of urinary tract infections in healthy people," cre are usually transmitted person-to-person, often on the hands of health care workers. currently, almost all cre infections occur in people receiving significant medical care. however, their ability to spread and their resistance raises the concern that potentially untreatable infections could appear in otherwise healthy people, including health care providers. includes resources for patients, providers, and facilities. the agency's cre prevention toolkit has in-depth recommendations to control cre transmission in hospitals, long-term acute care facilities, and is in the process of updating its infectious disease control webpage to ensure that pts and ptas have the information they need to understand their critical role in helping to halt the spread of cre. look for a follow-up article in news now when the webpage is launched. has selected association members to serve on the pta education feasibility study work group: wendy bircher, pt, edd nm , derek brandes wa , barbara carter, pta wi , martha hinman, pt, edd tx , mary lou romanello, pt, phd, atc md , steven skinner, pt, edd ny , lisa stejskal, pta, maed il , jennifer whitney, pt, dpt, kemg ca , and geneva johnson, pt, phd, fapta la . the work group is addressing the motion feasibility study degree rc - from the house of delegates. the work group will address the first phase of the study, finalizing the study plan and identifying relevant data sources for exploring the feasibility of transitioning the entry-level degree for the pta to a bachelor's degree. apta supporting staff members are janet crosier, pt, dpt, med, lead pta services specialist; janet bezner, pt, phd, vice president of education and governance and administration; doug clarke, accreditation pta programs manager; and libby ross, director of than 200 individuals volunteered to serve on the work group by submitting their names to the volunteer interest pool vip . apta expects to engage additional members in the data collection process.
__label__non_math	0.7352	i've had a look at all the sites provided and my first thought is that it's slightly on the pricier side of things as i was more looking at just a quicker and simpler course. however having read all the courses provided it looks like the expressive b w fine printing course is something that would be ideal. enrico or michael, if i can just ask whether you would offer any discounts if we booked in a group as i have two other friends that might potentially be interested as well.
__label__non_math	0.9882	it was nice to see you again with your pictures this time we had people came to the critique this time with a couple of new faces. everyone had interesting work to show. let us know if you would like to come to the next session.
__label__non_math	0.6502	originally posted by adox fotoimpex in respect to the resurrection of mcc and mcp i would like to update you on a few things. if everything goes well we can coat mcc in august and because we are optimistic this is the date we still see as our most current target. before we can ship the product it needs to dry down and stabilze. you wrote that mcc will be coated in august. how is it possible to sell it in june? or is there a typo in your description of the situation?
__label__non_math	0.9942	appliance parts categories experience the ap wagner advantage "i received the appliance parts for my dishwasher this morning. within twenty minutes i was able to install the parts and the lower rack now slides nice and easily. i therefore would like to thank you for your prompt delivery service. you made our day water that is unfiltered can contain many contaminants that could harm you and your family such as: for the healthiest water, experts recommend changing your water filter every months. to order call us mon-fri -, sat-sun - est
__label__non_math	0.9996	appliance parts categories experience the ap wagner advantage "i ordered a part yesterday afternoon. it arrived this morning water that is unfiltered can contain many contaminants that could harm you and your family such as: for the healthiest water, experts recommend changing your water filter every months. to order call us mon-fri -, sat-sun - est
__label__non_math	0.9960	pass cursor here malawi cichlids have been, and will probably always remain, among the most popular aquarium fishes of all time. their brilliant colors, ease of maintenance, and interesting behavior are the three most important reasons for their popularity. a selection of these fishes is all you need to create an interesting and decorative aquarium in your home. in order to enjoy your malawi cichlid aquarium to the full, however, it is essential to take their specific maintenance requirements into account. this new guide provides expert advice on all elements of proper maintenance, such as choice of aquarium with details of the minimum size and capacity required for each species discussed , creating the correct water conditions, providing appropriate decor, feeding, breeding, common diseases, etc. a detailed foldout map and 600 photos make this guide indispensable for anyone interested in these beautiful fishes. this book is a revised and greatly expanded version of the malawi cichlids guide published in the back to nature series in . it contains several new chapters and the number of photos -- about 590 are new -- has doubled. follow the book's basic guidelines and you will soon have a little piece of lake malawi in your living room, for you, your family, and your friends to enjoy. be the first to add a reader review to this page got some experience to share for this page? no registration necessary to contribute
__label__math	0.9413	this tank is visually very pleasing. it looks very natural and inviting. if i were small enough, i would be snorkeling in it.gal. high: planted; zebra danio, glofish, several snails, visible rcs; ac50, azoo air. gal: planted; rosy barbs, glofish, white cloud minnows, zebra danios, dojo loaches, several snails; ac110 x .
__label__non_math	1.0000	aquinas college honors eleven with hall of fame and alumni awards - aquinas college will honor eleven individuals who have distinguished themselves for service within their communities, to aquinas or as former aquinas athletes. eight of the honorees will be inducted into either the college hall of fame or its athletic hall of fame. three alumni awards will also be presented. the eleven will be honored during the college's annual hall of fame gala, which will be held this friday, , in the wege student center ballroom, beginning with a cocktail reception at p.m. the ceremony will begin at p.m. among those receiving alumni honors will be alumnus, dr. juan olivarez ', president of grand rapids community college grcc , who will receive the alumni association's outstanding alumni award for his work as an outstanding educator, community leader and as a "role model" for all students. another grcc employee, tom hofmann ', will be inducted into the aquinas athletic hall of fame as a former baseball player and will also receive the college's first athletic lifetime achievement award. others athletes entering the college's athletic hall of fame are: mike hagan ' soccer of grand rapids; mauro caporuscio ' soccer of macomb township, michigan; sherry wilder ' golf , aquinas' first lady of golf who was among the first three women in the nation given scholarships to compete on collegiate men's golf teams; and dennis alexander ' basketball of southfield, michigan. aquinas will also induct into the college hall of fame three individuals who are being recognized for service to the college community. they include: patrick quinn ', a current trustee of the college; and two posthumous awards to lewis b clingman, ph.d. , a former longtime professor of history; and gertrude horgan, former dean of women and professor of english . the other alumni awards will be the college's alumni association board member of the year award which will be announced friday night and a posthumous award to estelita "stella" ferris ', the college's former director of multicultural affairs , who was selected for the distinguished service award.
__label__non_math	0.9999	the watermelon scarflette i made has been sitting under my christmas tree waiting to be given away i put everyone's entries on small slips of paper and had my sister draw one name carrie, please email your shipping info to me asap so i can get your prize on the way to you thank you to everyone who entered
__label__non_math	0.9999	skip to content elizabeth house is in the attractive rural village of langford, near biggleswade. this peaceful village hosts the beautiful river ivel, which is perfect for scenic walks. there is a popular social club in langford, along with a welcome club for retired people, local shops and a doctor's surgery. langford also has a voluntary care scheme that helps residents with small household task, shopping, gardening transport or running errands. if you want to find out what's happening in the village, the langford diary is published quartlerly, containing all the latest evens and information. elizabeth house consists of one bedroom flats, one bedroom bungalows and two bedroom bungalows, all with their own bathroom and kitchen and lounge. there are communal facilities including a kitchen and a lounge, where resiidents can take part in social activities. a travelling library visits the scheme regularly and there are regular coffee mornings, events and activities. staff and support home support officers are based at most schemes and ensure you are safe and happy. you may opt to sign up to the communit alarm support service which can include up to five visits a week from a home support officer should you want that extra piece of mind.
__label__non_math	0.9999	at arbor group, we apply our vast experience and expertise to help clients safeguard the financial future of their families and businesses. acting as a trusted sounding board we work with your accountant, attorney, trust officer or financial planner to develop solutions for your life, long term care, disability or benefits insurance needs. we take time to question, listen and learn about you, your family and business. understanding your needs and goals is paramount to beginning a relationship. arbor group has a reputation for competency, integrity, professionalism and caring. this is because we take the time to know our clients, just as we take the time to know our insurance providers. only when we understand your situation, can we then begin to explore solutions and options with our many insurance carriers. it is this knowledge that allows us to deliver the best possible value and service for each client. our goal is to build trusted, long lasting relationships with clients and their advisors and to offer them the most effective products that satisfy their needs and goals. in serving our clients we are relentless and we do not compromise. we work tirelessly to obtain the best underwriting decisions for you. we deliver. our goal is always to try to deliver more than we promise
__label__non_math	1.0000	i don't have ps on my new computer, and need a photo of my grandfather and i reverted to a "sketch." i can send whoever wants to help me out in exchange for lots of rep the file, and ask that they send it back in a sketch just want it to look hand drawn . need it for a photo that i am printing out tonight. thanks in advance fellas, just pm me your email address and i will send you the file. thanks a ton in advance
__label__non_math	0.9816	howard alden: i remember django artists instruments: anat cohen-clarinet tracks , , , , warren vache-cornet tracks , , , it s little wonder that guitarist howard alden chose i remember django for the title of this cd. alden famously coached sean penn on how to play the guitar and soloed on the guitar sound track for penn s role as a django-style guitarist in the woody allen movie, sweet and lowdown. this association has followed him and spawned more than one django-themed tour for alden. beyond this, alden remains the consummate keeper of the flame for traditional jazz guitar. from the album notes by phyllis kessel, barney s widow and a senior editor of san diego home garden lifestyles magazine. up jumped you with love i remember django between the devil and the deep blue sea i m confessin that i love you i m forever blowing bubbles i ll see you in my dreams arbors records can not be held responsible in anyway for and damages or other results from downloading this program
__label__non_math	1.0000	welcome to arcadestreet.com - your one and only source for free games. we have over ,000 free online games and we consistently bring you new games as soon as they come out. our selection of online games includes action, arcade, dress up games, racing, shooting, strategy and puzzle games. we also feature a free games such as mario and sonic which you may embed in your own website. you may contact us by sending us an e-mail to support at arcadestreet.com
__label__non_math	0.5652	i dunno, it's not so bad to learn. it may be hard to be good at it, but you can teach the bare minimum about the game in min assuming the person you're teaching is at least somewhat familiar with how rts games work . i taught my cousin just a couple days ago and we've been having a blast. first thing i told him to do was build space docks, put them all on loop, then build everything. then i taught him how to build a colony ship and take over a planet, and to always surround the orbital with at least force field, and the force field with some defenses. then i taught him how the aip and research works and i said go nuts in minutes he knows how to play. of course we're playing on difficulty but i think he'll pick up most of the things he needs to learn as he plays, and we'll be able to increase the difficulty from there. the best thing i did while teaching him is turning the "fog of war" option to "complete visibility". if you skip the scouting lesson completely, they can get into the game a lot faster, and with a lot less frustration and hassle.
__label__non_math	1.0000	we met a whole bunch of great people up in richfield, wi at the cabela's last weekend and really enjoy it all of the 'outfitters' employees were great as well as we said in the seminar, we are having fun and when that stops, we will stop
__label__non_math	1.0000	the oklahoma municipal league oml supports the governor s commitment to restore local control to cities and towns with regards to tobacco use in public places. oml joins the american cancer society, american lung society, department of health and many others in the smokefree coalition in efforts to return the rights of governing tobacco-related laws to municipalities. several cities around the state have passed resolutions as a way to show the oklahoma legislature their city council supports local rights on tobacco issues. oklahoma is one of only two states in the nation that prohibits communities from adopting any ordinance on tobacco that is stronger than state law, said carolyn stager, oml executive director. local leaders are in the best position to respond to emerging tobacco industry strategies and help protect the physical and economic health of their citizens. after listening to governor fallin s state of the state address, ponca city mayor homer nicholson and president of the oklahoma municipal league said, i applaud the governor s commitment to restore local control to cities and towns concerning the use of tobacco in public places. the oml legislative committee and board of directors are on record supporting this effort.
__label__non_math	0.9996	types varietals results -of 257 the zenith vineyard is just miles as a crow flies from the bjornson vineyard yet the wines couldn't be more different. the zenith is all about prettiness and elegance where as the bjornson is muscular and brawny. that said, this wine is no lightweight. it has great concentration and ... more with the signature of chalone terroir, our estate pinot noir reveals expressive layers of ripe cherry, wild blackberry, mineral, floral, earth and high-mountain sage. integrated oak spices from french barrel aging add even more complexity to the vibrant aromas, flavors and lingering finish. silky-textured tannins structure the beautifully balanced ... more you absolutely will not find a better value pinot noir. youthful and inviting, this pinot displays lovely aromas of raspberry, strawberry and cranberry as well as hints of rose and leather. the palate offers juicy fruit flavors and soft tannins that give a creamy texture and a long fruit-driven finish. more crimson in color this pinot noir shares aromas of black cherry, black raspberry, mocha, nutmeg and sandalwood. on the palate, black cherry, red currant and cranberry flavors are enhanced with chocolate, spice and vanilla to all combine elegantly with a touch of oak. pair this versatile wine with a nice ... more our pinot noir is a beautiful example of classic sta. rita hills pinot noir-delicate, subtle and endlessly layered. notes of black cherry and worn leather explode on the nose followed by a rich brown sugar spice. blueberry cobbler, lemon zest and freshly ground cardamom round out the palate. this ... more a perennial favorite, this pinot noir offers aromas of lush cherry and red plum, with subtle hints of black tea and cola. on the palate, flavors are ripe and elegant, centering on red cherry and spice with a touch of earthiness and dark chocolate. a rich, juicy mid-palate and vivid ... more our classic tier wines, crafted from grapes grown in some of the finest vineyards in napa and sonoma counties, represent the winery's signature style: rich, flavorful, and carefully blended. these wines with their pedigreed appellations and low production offer exceptional quality and value. more our russian river valley pinot noir is medium-bodied with flavors of dark cherry, blueberry and blackberry . this wine has an earthy and robust character, which is framed by subtle hints of oak from french and american barrels. this wine showcases the extraordinary dark fruit flavors that result from ... more the vintage included a very warm and dry winter and spring. these conditions led to being fruitful with small clusters and small berries with flavors of dark berry, cherry, hints of floral and mineral. this is a forward approachable wine that displays the beautiful floral mineral character typical of santa ... more wine which is produced and bottled under strict supervision and meets all standards to be certified kosher. wine which is produced using organic practices and is free of all synthetic chemicals, antibiotics, hormones and pesticides. biodynamic designation is regulated by demeter, an international certification organization. biodynamic agriculture is based on the view of a farm as a self-contained organism. certified organic vineyards must meet demeter"s additional criteria for a period of one year before earning the designation "biodynamic." sustainable practices incorporate organic standards and may exceed them and include ecologically and socially sound business practices such as fair pay for farm workers and energy conservation. wines sealed with a screw cap as opposed to a cork, which experts report protects and preserves wine more effectively than does a cork, while also eliminating the possibility of cork taint. all wines naturally contain some sulfites, however wines that contain less than parts per million sulfites are not required to include "contains sulfites" on their labels. wines that are still in the barrel and have yet to be bottled. futures offer the opportunity to invest in a wine before it arrives in our store. like futures, pre-arrivals are wines that have not yet arrived on our shelves, however they may or may not be a new release. pre-arrivals may already be bottled and en route to our store. the wine advocate is a bimonthly wine publication featuring the consumer advice of wine critic robert m. parker, jr. initially titled the baltimore-washington wine advocate the first issue was published in . accepting no advertising, the newsletter publishes in excess of ,500 reviews per year, utilizing parker's rating system that employs a -100 point quality scale. wine spectator is a lifestyle magazine that focuses on wine and wine culture. it publishes issues per year with content that includes news, articles, profiles, and general entertainment pieces. each issue also includes from 400 to more than ,000 wine reviews, which consist of wine ratings and tasting notes. international wine cellar since , the subscriber-supported iwc has also been available in french and japanese editions. wine enthusiast magazine is a lifestyle magazine covering wine, food, spirits, travel and entertaining topics. it was founded in by adam and sybil strum and reaches 686,000 readers. its wine ratings, conducted by reviewers in major wine-producing areas of the world, are considered an influential gauge for consumers and professionals in the wine industry. wine spirits wine and spirits is america's practical guide to the straightforward, enlightened enjoyment of fine wine and and premium spirits. we have for years served customers and marketers alike with a lively mix of wine reviews, features, profiles, food and wine pairings, new product introductions, travel pieces, history, opinion and wine business news. burghound.com was the first of its kind to offer specialized, and more importantly, exhaustive coverage of a specific wine region. the first issue was released in january of and there are now subscribers in more than countries and nearly all states. allen meadows spends over four months a year in burgundy and visits more than 300 domaines during that time. james is one of the world s leading authorities on australian wine, matching intelligent, honest reviews with unparalleled knowledge of, and passion for, the wine industry. connoisseurs' guide to california wine for thirty-five years, connoisseurs guide has been the authoritative voice of the california wine consumer. with readers in all fifty states and twenty foreign countries, the guide is valued by wine lovers everywhere for its honesty and for it strong adherence to the principles of transparency, unbiased, hard-hitting opinions. i rate wines using the 100-points scale. i have used this point system for close to years. i still believe it is the simplest way to rate a wine, with its origins from grade school in the united states. a wine that i rate points or more is outstanding a , and worth buying. if i rate a wine points or more a , it is a must buy. view from the cellar view from the cellar, an electronic wine newsletter published bi-monthly by john gilman. homepage for wine writer, neal martin's, "diary of a wine writer". malt advocate magazine is america's leading whisky magazine. it's the number one source for whisky information, education and entertainment for whisky enthusiasts. the rhone report dedicated to the wines and grapes of the rhone valley wine review online wine review online was originally conceived by publisher robert whitley as an all-encompassing platform for the many talented wine journalists he came across in his travels as wine columnist for the creators syndicate. all pricing, descriptions, images, vintages, ratings and availability are subject to change at anytime. all sizes are 750ml unless otherwise noted. follow us on twitter find us on facebook
__label__non_math	1.0000	shoppers are using computers and mobile devices to purchase holiday gifts on cyber monday. seth wenig, ap americans may have been shopping online all weekend, but they went out with a bang monday. online retailers had their biggest day ever on cyber monday as holiday shoppers drove sales up vs. the same day last year, says ibm smarter commerce, which tracks web sales at 500 top online retailers. "the reports of the death of cyber monday are greatly exaggerated," says jay henderson, ibm smarter commerce's strategy director. "certainly, we saw shopping start earlier this year, but it hasn't diminished the growth in sales for black friday and cyber monday." online sales for department stores account for much of the boost, henderson says, as they were up over last year. there were no early reports of crashes or major slowdowns on overloaded websites. websites "in general are better prepared than in prior years," says brad wilson of bradsdeals.com. "i think this move to virtual web hosting in the much-discussed 'cloud' is a part of why the day was better overall." the ipad drove more than of online shopping, more than any other tablet or smartphone, ibm says. mobile sales overall, which include smartphones and tablets, had a huge boost - up more than from . though mobile sales and traffic were down from black friday as consumers returned to work and did more shopping on computers. still, "the implication for retailers is that the winning strategy this weekend was retailers who made it easy for consumers to buy however they want it," henderson says. ibm smarter commerce says more than of consumers used a mobile device to visit a retail store, while used a smartphone or tablet to make a purchase. as of monday afternoon, paypal had almost more volume in mobile payments, compared with cyber monday last year. the two most searched-for products through most of cyber monday were the kindle fire and ugg boots, says experian marketing services, a company that helps retailers with digital marketing and analyzing consumer data. the five retail websites receiving the most "cyber monday" searches were cybermonday.com, target, amazon, walmart and msn.money, in that order, the experian data show. price comparison website pricegrabber.com reported about a increase in traffic over cyber monday last year as of about noon et, and ceo steve krenzer expected about a increase for the full day. "i'm just hoping for a black december to go with this black week," says krenzer. he might get his wish. economist chris christopher of ihs global insight said monday that he expects online holiday retail sales to rise above last year. "last year's holiday online retail sales amounted to a little over billion," christopher says. "this is no longer chump change by any means." after seeing the traffic and crowds on thanksgiving and black friday, illinois forester kevin sorby, was looking forward to online shopping monday. he was looking for a tablet and shopping on amazon "with ease" monday, he said. "cyber monday is my new black friday from here on out, " says sorby. read the original story: cyber monday sales finish strong
__label__non_math	0.5453	overview of content related to 'java' this page provides an overview of article related to 'perl'. note that filters may be applied to display a sub-set of articles in this category see faqs on filtering for usage tips . select this link to remove all filters. perl is a high-level, general-purpose, interpreted, dynamic programming language. perl was originally developed by larry wall in as a general-purpose unix scripting language to make report processing easier. since then, it has undergone many changes and revisions and become widely popular amongst programmers. larry wall continues to oversee development of the core language, and its upcoming version, perl . perl borrows features from other programming languages including c, shell scripting sh , awk, and sed. the language provides powerful text processing facilities without the arbitrary data length limits of many contemporary unix tools, facilitating easy manipulation of text files. perl gained widespread popularity in the late 1990s as a cgi scripting language, in part due to its parsing abilities. excerpt from wikipedia article: perl see our 'perl' overview for more data and comparisons with other tags. for visualisations of metadata related to timelines, bands of recency, top authors, and and overall distribution of authors using this term, see our 'perl' usage charts. ariadne contributors most frequently referring to 'perl':
__label__non_math	1.0000	expert custom lighting fabrication services custom lighting solutions on time, on budget, no surprises your vision is the catalyst. it starts with you. you can see it in fact, you can almost touch it and feel how its unique design defines the space. it s perfect. your creativity is all possibility. your creativity is the tangible first step of the extraordinary hotel foyer, the corporate headquarters as the city s new direction, the ballroom that redefines mesmerizing. you want a custom lighting partner with the creativity, engineering mojo, proven process, materials and specialist options to bring your possibility into a beautiful shining creation your imagination our resources. perfect. we believe that a custom light creation has to be done to perfection and provide the correct solution for your needs. we are passionate about what we do and we bring our vast experience of over twenty-five years of award winning lighting designs and product specifications to make your project successful and provide you with the best custom solutions on time and within budget. using our own network of select expert custom lighting fabricators, we work with you to design and fabricate exactly what you want. we pay close attention to detail, taking your concept through a series of checkpoints to insure that the end product will meet all of your expectations. all custom lighting fixtures supplied by louie lighting carry a ul label and are available for use in any residential or commercial settings. over the years, louie lighting has designed fixtures for projects from small residential sconces to large commercial chandeliers. please contact us with your ideas and we will work closely with you to design your perfect custom lighting fixture. arie has provided custom lighting designs and fixtures for churches, hotels, restaurants, retail stores, nightclubs, synagogues, corporate offices, private homes and more. arie custom lighting here are a few advantages to custom lighting fixtures design and manufacturing: - custom lighting fixtures can be made to exact shape and dimensions required. if need to replicate existing light fixtures this can be done to perfection - custom light fixtures can be made from specific materials like brass or bronze to allow for longevity- this is normally a big advantage for outdoor and near the ocean settings. - we can apply the exact finish for your custom lights and samples would be sent first for client approval. - we can specify exact lamp type as needed for the application. - in cases where additional matching lights may be needed, new fixtures designs can be done to match the existing lighting fixtures designs. - client has one reliable source for any lighting issues, design and modifications. - if needed, site visits can be coordinated to provide assistance with lighting design consultation or coordination by a senior lighting designer from louie lighting. please contact our customer support to start your custom lighting project mon-fri: to arizona time call us toll-free: 877-385-
__label__non_math	1.0000	around the world - day ed it's already been months since michael jackson passed away due to drug overdose. dedicated fans of the undisputed "king of pop" will always be hungry for more of his music, and it looks like their prayers are answered. michael jackson's posthumous album is ready to hit the shelves and die-hard jacko fans are already counting down to the release date. "michael" is the first album of new jackson material since "invincible" back in . mj started working on the album in , but did not live to finish it. so a handful of producers including tricky stewart and akon stepped in to help save the album that may not have been completed. but even with big names like lenny kravits and cent collaborating to help make this album a success, it is drawing much criticism. audio tools such as the melodyne program are used to change the pitch recorded by michael because he did not record the final versions of some of the songs. although producer teddy riley promises fans that they will still hear michael jackson's true voice, this album may be shunned by fans. not good news, since this is only the first of more albums to be released through . the funeral for elizabeth edwards was held at raleigh church, north carolina. elizabeth gained the spotlight as the driving force behind the political career of her ex-husband john. she battled breast cancer and won in , but in the cancer returned and it took her life on . she wrote books about her battles in life including cancer, her ex-husband's affair and the loss of her eldest child, wade. a kansas-based congregation known for its opposition to homosexuals held protests near the funeral venue, as elizabeth was an advocate of gay marriage. but the small group was overshadowed by the -hundred mourners who came to pay their respect to the woman that inspired them with the way she lived. elizabeth edwards will get to rest in peace close to her son, as she will be buried at the same cemetery as wade. an antarctic cruise ship was battered and damaged during a violent storm, but no one was seriously injured and the ship brought all of its passengers safely back to land. the 290-foot clelia ii was supposed to provide tourists with deep wallets a luxurious holiday on water, but an unexpected series of giant waves changed all that. the forces of nature battered the ship's bridge, broke a window and even soaked the communications equipment. fortunately, a passing ship, the national geographic explorer helped haul the distressed ship back to port. video clips of the ship's turbulent moments were watched by viewers from around the world. passengers received concerned calls and emails from all of their close friends and family after the ordeal was over and the clip was circulating online. surprisingly, most of the passengers said that their multi-thousand dollar trip was enjoyable despite the drama and that they wouldn't mind taking another cruise. daniel choy, arirang news. reporter : firstname.lastname
__label__non_math	0.9999	you must earn ,000 points to post other members' whiteboard thank you. i appreciate it. the inspections, "stopped in after colorado interstate gas successfully sued to end inspections, arguing its gas was in interstate transit and thus a federal responsibility." would you like to be buddies? ahhhh, sorry buddy, time gets a little busy. but let me wish you a big congrats on your 500 cons days hi, big congratulations on having the dedication to post for 500 consecutive days. wow welcome aboard buddy congrats on one year of gas buddy roll on and keep up the good work..........letsbebuddies thanks a lot thank you for being my buddy. may you and yours have a merry christmas and a happy, healthy and prosperous new year too. warren :- saw you at janibob. nice tow truck
__label__non_math	1.0000	top story cabot count will kick off in november leader staff writer workers for a special census that will be underway by mid-november in cabot could be headquartered in the old community bank building beside city hall that the city plans to buy. the special census will cost about and is expected to bring in about that much in additional state revenue every year for the next three years until the regular census is completed in . metroplan estimates that the city s population has grown .percent, from ,261 to ,575, since the karen davis, director of operations for the city, said she has been instructed by the u.s. census bureau to find 150 applicants to fill to positions. applicants must be at least years old with a valid driver s license and access to reliable transportation. the census should be completed in three to five weeks. workers will be paid .an hour for mostly evening and weekend work. davis said although the hope is that all the applications will be in by sept. so testing can begin the first week of october, realistically some will probably be hired later. testing will be held in the city annex, but if the census bureau says the bank building meets its security requirements, it could be the headquarters for the counting. the city is leasing the bank building for .million. since the city has opted to lease it instead, the lease money will go toward the purchase price. if the city leases for five years the purchase price will be 678,000. the council passed a resolution in june giving mayor stubby stumbaugh and clerk-treasurer marva verker authority to negotiate the purchase of the building. stumbaugh told the council monday night during a special council meeting that the city will begin leasing the building oct. . as part of the negotiations, the bank will continue to use about one-third of the building for up to months while a new building is under construction on main street and will sublease the space at the old building from the city for ,218 a month. dickson flake, who negotiated the deal between the bank and the city, told the council that tracy french, the bank s chief executive officer, should receive the credit for the city getting the building under market value. he s really extended himself personally, flake said. stumbaugh also spoke briefly about the lease-to-own arrangement the city is entering into with the bank. it s almost like borrowing money with no interest, he said. the bank building will eventually be used for city offices which will allow the police department to expand out of the basement at city hall. but stumbaugh, who is running for congress in the first district, told the council he doesn t intend to move his office this year. the new mayor will get the new office, he said. verkler also said she doesn t plan to move this year. the bank building will need to be remodeled before city workers move in, she said. davis said applications to work on the census may be picked up at city hall in cabot or downloaded from the city s website at davis said she is asking the cabot chamber of commerce, local churches, asu-beebe and the unemployment office in jacksonville to help get the word out that census workers are needed.
__label__non_math	1.0000	tel: 598215email: email new to arkive the king brown snake is considered to be australia s most widespread venomous snake. up close and personal with the grey wolf. please donate to arkive today help us share the wonders of the natural world. donate today sign up to our newsletter get the latest wild news direct to your inbox. arkive relies on its media donors to donate photos and videos. can you help? there are plenty of other ways you can get involved too
__label__non_math	0.9957	regional materials eligibility sustainable designsustainable performance sustainable products usgbc leed recycling program environmental calculators environmental product declarations fields marked with an asterisk are required. regional materials eligibilityarmstrong has more u.s. ceiling and suspension system plants than any other manufacturer. use green genie to see if you qualify for this calculate recycled content valuethe green genie calculates recycled content new ceiling--ceiling items containing post consumer recycled ceilings from our closed loop recycling program. generate custom leed letterarmstrong products contribute to many areas of the leed rating system. use green genie to generate the leed documentation you need at the design or submittal process. flooring mobile commercial: ceilings walls awi licensing company. .
__label__non_math	0.7663	exposed 15mm design grid system designer grids are a comprehensive range of 15mm wide systems silhouette 6mm, silhouette 3mm, and interlude , all of which offer a choice of sophisticated visuals, and with the practicality of simple partition head fixing. all designer grids come with the additional benefit of our unique xl feature, an advanced stab system that locates with an audible"click". all tees are stitched to enhance the rigidity and tortional strength of the components. exposed 15mm design grid system silhouette xl 6mm exposed 15mm design grid system silhouette xl 3mm exposed 15mm design grid system interlude xl - inspiration knowledge - green building - technical data
__label__non_math	1.0000	natick soldiers, employees help soup kitchen natick, mass. -- a soldier's boots tend to get a bit more wear than those of the average person. this is especially true for spc. rebecca fant of natick soldier systems center, who gave up an extra pair of her boots to a woman without shoes during a weekly trip to a local soup kitchen. "i was proud of her," said staff sgt. sharalis canales, training noncommissioned officer for the nssc headquarters research and development detachment. "that's something i would have done. it was just nice to see that those values and morals are instilled in her." fant wasn't looking for praise or credit after performing such a selfless act. it was only after canales posted the kind deed a soldier performed as her facebook status that the public affairs office was able to track down fant. a woman who was a regular patron of the framingham mass. salvation army soup kitchen was walking around in socks. fant told canales that she should ask where the woman's shoes were. the pair went outside to speak to the woman and found out that she didn't have any shoes. fortunately, fant wears the same size shoes as the woman and had a pair of army winter boots in the trunk of her car. she and canales went, without anyone else knowing, and put the boots on her. the woman gave them both a hug and said "thank you." "it's a nice thing to do," said fant when asked about why she helps out at the soup kitchen. "i was always raised that you're supposed to give back when you have an opportunity, because you're blessed to be a blessing -- so, give back. i've never been homeless or anything, but i know about hard times. so, hopefully, i will always have the opportunity to give back." soldiers and employees from nssc have been assisting the "miracle kitchen" for years. outreach from the base began in with combat feeding directorate employees, and the nssc community has participated ever since. on the third thursday of each month, workers from the base donate time to give back to those in need in the local community. canales decided to take this community service a step further. as president of the better opportunities for single soldiers program at natick, canales has brought soldiers to the miracle kitchen every thursday night since march as part of the boss program. "the soldiers wanted to go more often," canales said. "they enjoyed going, so we decided to go every thursday from now on." fant was actually in charge of taking the soldiers to the soup kitchen every week while canales was away for training. "she was providing transportation for them and taking them on her own personal time," said canales, "and she influences my soldiers now to go." canales was, at one point in her life, very much like the patrons who come to the soup kitchen -- homeless and alone. now she goes back to help, and it reminds her of when she used to be in the same position as the patrons. "it feels good to go back and help the cooks there out," canales said. "some of the homeless people ask me why we come, and i tell them i used to be in your same shoes. "i just find it very rewarding, and what i like is the fact that the soldiers like to go and give back to the community. it opens their eyes to a lot of things and helps them appreciate the small things that we have, especially because a lot of the homeless people that go there are veterans that served." soldiers and civilians alike help out with tasks such as cooking and cleaning. whatever soup kitchen coordinator jimmy williams needs, they do their best to accomplish. "i love when the u.s. army comes," williams said. "they're hard workers." williams makes a monthly schedule and knows he can count on natick soldiers to be there every week. he also has a "wish list" of items the kitchen needs. items like nine-inch styrofoam plates, drink mixes, metal serving spoons, coffee, and canned goods are helpful. big cans of soup top his list. "with winter coming, i like to be able to have some hot soup going for our patrons," williams said. williams also coordinates delivery of meals to approximately elderly homeless people who cannot make it to the soup kitchen. lee-ann barkhouse, s t environmental program coordinator at natick soldier research, development and engineering center, coordinates the civilian part of the service outreach with the soup kitchen. she got involved when a friend from cfd asked her to help when they were short-handed. "she knew how much i love cooking," barkhouse said. "i am thankful that i am able to give back to the community." "over the years, i have met a lot of great friends i would normally not have the opportunity to interact with," she continued. "knowing that we as a team go to the kitchen with one goal, to prepare a fabulous meal, while having fun and making a difference to just one person -- that really makes me thankful." serving the community in this way allows the nssc community to give back. after all, fant is right: having the opportunity to help those in need is a blessing.
__label__non_math	1.0000	in business since law enforcement staff polo shirt white click image to enlarge law enforcement staff polo shirt white three button placket short sleeve polo shirt with collar. wood-tone buttons. ribbed collar with additional yarn for a neater appearance and durability. side seam and side vent construction allows the shirt to be tucked in or comfortably worn outside your pants or shorts. made of finely textured pique cotton for natural breathability and comfort. white. small black enforcement logo on the chest and large black enforcement logo across the back.
__label__non_math	0.9639	calling all recruiters- from the military to the business world civilian personnel recruiters seek out applicants for specific positions, some of them hard to fill. they screen applicants and begin the interview process to fill job openings and promote career opportunities. sometimes civilian personnel recruiters have to track down highly qualified individuals to fill a very specific niche. all of these are skills you already have as an army recruiter. you have recruited soldiers to fill difficult military occupational specialties and worked with education incentives, like the army college fund, to get this accomplished. the only thing you need to focus on now is obtaining your bachelor's degree in business or human relations so you can compete for the best civilian jobs. how to break into civilian recruiting recruitment and interviewing managers earn as much as ,000 a year. in order to obtain a position like this, you need to combine your military experience with a bachelor's degree in human resources. you need to be able to speak and write with effectiveness and ease. you also need to have the skills to teach and supervise others, and work with people from all cultural backgrounds. you can begin completing the coursework you need for a business degree by taking classes online, no matter where you are now or where you're likely to be stationed down the road. lucky for you, the army pays for it. use your tuition benefits to pay for school if you are still in the service, you can use your tuition benefits to take online classes and prepare for your post-army career. if you want to return to school full time after you leave the army, you can use your montgomery gi bill. your best bet is to get started today.
__label__non_math	1.0000	this collection of name badges are for the professional minded individuals. wear your name badge to chamber events, corporate meetings, networking functions or even the grocery store. you never know where you will meet your next client. name badges are a personal advertising billboard that may spark a conversation about your profession or industry and lead to your next sale. name plates can be displayed on a desk, counter, door, wall or in hallways to help identify the office space.
__label__non_math	0.8687	lavender oil and negative innuendo by robert tisserand in a recent blog post an environmental working group ewg research assistant suggests that lavender oil may be unsafe, saying: the science is still evolving and safety can t be assumed. the science is still evolving? isn t that true of anything? are we just sowing the seeds of doubt here? i have written a number of posts about the ewg and sloppy science. their modus operandi involves highlighting negative information, along with liberal use of the phrase has been linked to . facts are so often distorted that their reputation in scientific circles is all but worthless. i have never read an ewg report in which both sides of an argument are presented. the problem i have with this approach is that the ewg audience is consumers, who have neither the scientific training nor the knowledge and expertise to challenge what is being said. in spite of this many do, because they instinctively feel that something is not right. lavender oil has been linked to allergic reactions, it s true. but how strong is that link? after all, if you look hard enough, you will find at least one allergic reaction report for almost every substance used in cosmetics. cherry picking a few negative studies is not a useful way to help consumers assess product safety. what we need is a comparative rating that clearly flags high-risk ingredients, along with practical safety guidelines. allergy epidemics have occurred in the past, most often with preservatives. as use becomes more extensive, adverse reactions escalate, and eventually the substance is either banned or restricted. in spite of widespread use, this is not happening with lavender, which has been the most popular essential oil for aromatherapy use since the 1970s. the ewg post is written by swati sharma. she tells us that: despite its ubiquity in cosmetics, researchers in japan who compared eight essential oils found that lavender caused the greatest number of skin allergies. no it did not, unless you only look at two of the nine years of the study considering that the lavender oil was patch tested at in a high-risk population, and that only . of ,483 of patients had an adverse reaction, this does not suggest a significant allergen. other research points to lavender oil presenting a very low risk. when healthy volunteers were patch tested with the undiluted oil, there were no reactions meneghini et al . similarly, none were produced in volunteers tested with lavender at opdyke p451 . in a study of 200 dermatitis patients in poland, none were sensitive to lavender oil rudzki et al . in a danish study, two of 217 dermatitis patients . tested positive to lavender oil veien et al . tested at , lavender oil produced no reactions in 273 dermatitis patients meneghini et al . taken together, these results show that two of 690 dermatitis patients . reacted to lavender oil when patch tested at or . however, extrapolating from patch test data on dermatology patients to the general population is notoriously difficult especially since the conditions of patch testing exaggerate risk and the actual number of people with adverse reactions to lavender is very much less than . . over a year period there have only been five cases of lavender oil allergy reported worldwide brand o , de groot , keane et al , schaller korting , selvaag et al and three were people with multiple allergies. this is in contrast to millions of bottles of undiluted lavender oil being sold to consumers per annum, and millions more personal care products containing lavender oil. from all of the above we can conclude that a concentration of lavender oil might be risky for japanese consumers with cosmetic allergies, but is not a risk to anyone, and even undiluted lavender is safe to use on healthy skin. not only is lavender a very low-risk skin allergen, it possesses anti-allergic properties. topically applied, the oil inhibited immediate-type allergic reactions by inhibiting the release of histamine from mast cells kim et al . how is this possible? probably because in most cases, allergies only occur from the use of oxidized lavender oil. the unoxidized oil is anti-allergic, and is even moderately antioxidant wei and shibamoto . sharma tells us that linalyl acetate, a major constituent of lavender oil, can oxidize in the presence of atmospheric oxygen, forming allergens that can cause contact dermatitis sk ld et al . indeed it can, as can linalool, the other major constituent of lavender oil sk ld et al . however, these are theoretical risks, not actual risks, and lavender oil oxidation is a process that takes many months, even years. what this research suggests is that products containing lavender oil should be protected from oxidation by the addition of antioxidants, and that very old products should be discarded. the international fragrance association ifra does not have a regulation for lavender oil, but it does for linalool. referring to linalool-rich essential oils, the ifra guideline recommends the addition of an antioxidant: the addition of . bht or a-tocopherol has shown great efficiency ifra . next, sharma informs us that lavender oil may be toxic to human skin cells though curiously no reference is given it s prashar et al . i addressed this issue in a previous post about lavender, in which i explain how we know that the oil is not a skin irritant, and is not toxic to skin cells when applied to human skin. finally, sharma raises the question of lavender oil and hormone disruption, an issue i have also addressed previously, in this article. to sum up, there was no established link between lavender oil and breast growth in three pre-perbertal boys, but lavender oil did show a weak in vitro estrogenic action in two of the four possible types of in vitro test for estrogenic activity henley et al . none of this establishes that lavender oil disrupts hormones. to quote diel et al : even a combined use of several in vitro test systems is not able to predict the occurring action of a substance in the organism. in other research, lavender oil was significantly toxic to human breast cancer cells zu et al suggesting that it would prevent breast cancer, and not increase risk. consumer products containing lavender oil may benefit from the addition of an antioxidant, such as alpha-tocopherol. this should be used at .-. note that using more is not more effective . bottles of lavender oil, or products containing lavender oil, that are more than months old after first use should be discarded if they no longer smell fresh. there is a theoretical risk of skin allergy from lavender oil, but this risk is extremely low. restricting the percentage of lavender oil in leave-on products skin creams, lotions, gels to would be over-cautious, but combined with the addition of an antioxidant, will make a product super-safe. lavender oil has a weak in vitro estrogenic activity, but there is no reason to believe that this translates to a hormone-disrupting effect in humans. brand o fm occupational allergy to lavender oil. contact dermatitis :249-250 de groot ac airborne allergic contact dermatitis from tea tree oil. contact dermatitis :304-305 diel p, smolnikar k, michna h in vitro test systems for the evaluation of the estrogenic activity of natural products. planta medica :197-203 keane fm, smith hr, white ir et al occupational allergic contact dermatitis in two aromatherapists. contact dermatitis - henley dv, lipson n, korach ks et al prebubertal gynecomastia linked to lavender and tea tree oils. new england journal of medicine 365: 479-485 ifra standards, including amendments as of . international fragrance association, brussels. kim hm, cho sh lavender oil inhibits immediate-type allergic reaction in mice and rats. journal of pharmacy pharmacology :221-226 meneghini cl, rantuccio f, lomuto m additives, vehicles and active drugs of topical medicaments as causes of delayed-type allergic dermatitis. dermatologica 143:137-147 opdyke dl monographs on fragrance raw materials. food cosmetics toxicology supplement prashar a, locke ic, evans cs cytotoxicity of lavender oil and its major components to human skin cells. cell proliferation :221-229 rudzki e, grzywa z, brud ws sensitivity to essential oils. contact dermatitis :196-200 schaller m, korting hc allergic airborne contact dermatitis from essential oils used in aromatherapy. clinical experimental dermatology :143-145 selvaag e, holm jo, thune p allergic contact dermatitis in an aromatherapist with multiple sensitizations to essential oils. contact dermatitis :354-355 sk ld m, b rje a, harambasic e et al contact allergens formed on air exposure of linalool. identification and quantification of primary and secondary oxidation products and the effect on skin sensitization. chemical research in toxicology : sk ld m, hagvall l, karlberg at et al autoxidation of linalyl acetate, the main component of lavender oil, creates potent contact allergens. contact dermatitis :- sugiura m, hayakawa r, kato y et al results of patch testing with lavender oil in japan. contact dermatitis :157-160 veien nk, rosner k, skovgaard gl is tea tree oil an important contact allergen? contact dermatitis :378-379 wei a, shibamoto t antioxidant activities and volatile constituents of various essential oils. journal of agricultural food chemistry : zu y, yu h, liang l et al activities of ten essential oils towards propionibacterium acnes and pc-, a-549 and mcf-cancer cells. molecules : robert tisserand is internationally recognized for his pioneering work in many aspects of aromatherapy since and frequent contributor to the aromaconnection blog. d j vu it s still no to sca hr the so called safe cosmetics act has been rolled out again, with even more attendant shock and awe pr from the misguided zealots at the campaign for safe cosmetics using misinformation on environmental working group s skin deep database. if one were to rate the importance of this bill . . . what with a fragile economy in slow recovery, an unemployment rate stuck at over , entire states in disarray wi or in near-complete shutdown mn , so many environmental catastrophes exxon-mobil yellowstone river spill or near catastrophes las alamos national laboratory site fire , nebraska nuclear power plant missouri river flood . . . it logically would be of low priority. to me, there appears to be so much more urgency to address myriad larger problems facing the nation, i sometimes feel like atlas with that giant granite weight crushing any hope that used to glimmer that our elected leaders are going to stop their partisan bickering and get on with the business of governing and helping remedy the continuing effects of a massive economic recession. i put the importance of hr at about a minus minus minus ridiculous number. i don t know about you, but i would much prefer our lawmakers to be focusing their time and efforts on some of these macro issues desperately in need of their attention. you know, like making sure our kids can go to school days a week instead of the or now having to be imposed because of necessary budget cuts in many states. hello samara botane nature intelligence opposes safe cosmetic act hr . as much as i and many other colleagues in the personal care, spa, herbal, natural perfume and aromatherapy industries may wish it weren t so, we are once again faced with having to raise our small voices to defend the integrity of our professional pursuits to bring safe, effective personal care products into the marketplace . . . to avoid unnecessary, sometimes impossible regulations that are not going to make cosmetics any safer than they are now and only raise consumer prices because of the additional money, time and effort to comply. never mind that, when this bill was first introduced in , we have previously pointed out that lead has not purposefully been added to lipstick by unscrupulous manufacturers gleefully twirling their mustaches, and that it naturally occurs as an element of the earth s surface and is in everything in microscopic amounts, especially natural botanical ingredients. it is in your water. how many times must one state a fact before it is understood and accepted? this is still one of cfsc s major talking points. it has grown to epic proportions and wends its way into many lists of toxins to avoid, such as green america s toxins to avoid in personal care products, a document not referenced nor annotated with any scientific substantiation. those inclined to do more research on this matter would quickly find easily led a comprehensive thorough investigation of the claim now urban legend , ending with the caveat, the bottom line is that u.s. medical literature has yet to record a single case of anyone s coming down with lead poisoning through lipstick use. of course, the cfsc has trotted out lead in lipstick in an attempt to overstate the danger in a desperate, somewhat hysterical hue and cry that microscopic levels of lead in lipstick at the highest tested . are of sufficient danger to browbeat our legislative representatives once again to put forth a bill that will never make its way through the process to become law, as it is now written. all of this frenzied pr hype rolled out by cfsc before the bill was even publicly announced cannot counter a perspective on the safety of cosmetic products: a position paper of the american council on science and health . nor can it counter the response from the personal care products council in , nor their current response. if you d like pleasantly-presented, factual, scientific based information on cosmetic safety, pcpc has produced this series of short videos for the consumer. you can search this site for a specific ingredient or browse by product category. if you are looking for an easily-searched, more scientific database, try toxipedia, where you will find no alarming leading questions like are you sure about your lotion? or untrue statements like most sunscreens aren t safe. such as are found on ewg s skin deep. you will also not be subjected to a ineffective numerical rating system for product hazard, just scientific research and facts, no opinion . . . how refreshing. never mind that we have carefully critiqued and debunked annie leonard s cleverly crafted propaganda video the story of cosmetics as the supreme shock and awe scare tactic hype it is. oh, but it s cute, and cute appears to trump rational fact and common sense these days. the sad thing is that the frenzied imagery of a masked assembly line worker purposefully inserting poison international skull and cross into a cosmetic container, followed by the same skull and crossbones ruthlessly stamped on a baby even more scary in the bathtub does not seem to invigorate the critical thinking necessary to separate fact from overblown fiction. and, this fictional video seems to incite, rather than inform those not capable of critically assessing information by comparing with credible reference and countering professional opinion. how sad. examine the current fda authority over cosmetics and you will see it is comprehensive. it is true that there are issues of concern to be addressed. i believe the fda will continue to do due diligence to insure the safety of cosmetic products. i believe that the industry will be more than willing to assist this effort and comply with reasonable regulations. hr is not the answer. at this time when we have so many stressful problems facing us, let us focus on what is urgent and necessary. please join me in opposing hr by signing the petition. ten reasons why you should not support sca the environmental working group, who have given birth to this legislation, is an incompetent organization that does not understand the science of toxicology, does not understand natural products, and that takes a biased, negative view of safety, often seeing dangers that do not exist. - sca requires that all ingredients of ingredients must be declared on product labels or company websites where labels are not large enough . this unfairly targets companies that make natural products. a product containing several herb extracts and or essential oils will have an ingredient list with thousands of ingredients. this will make reading ingredient lists harder for consumers, not easier. - unlike some other safety regulations, sca does not distinguish between a naturally occurring substance such as an ingredient of a herbal extract and the intentional addition of a synthetic chemical. the end result of this will be that many herb extracts and essential oils will no longer be permitted as cosmetic ingredients as has already happened in europe. - sca requires that contaminants the word is not defined anywhere in the bill that are present in a cosmetic at one part per billion or over be declared on the ingredients list. this expectation is na ve, unnecessary and impractical. even pharmaceuticals are not regulated to such a degree. - sca requires a safety standard for cosmetics that is defined as a risk not greater than one in a million. demonstrating this conclusively would, by definition, require testing on millions of either animals or humans. this is similarly na ve, unnecessary and impractical but if enforced, would mean that there will be no cosmetics, because it is an unreachable standard. - the above safety standard is specifically stated to include all vulnerable populations including a sick person with a compromised immune system, someone with asthma, and a newborn infant. every cosmetic produced has to present zero risk to every human being. however, zero risk is a fantasy of the ewg it does not exist on planet earth. - even though the bill includes a clause about alternatives to animal testing, the stipulations of sca for safety testing for carcinogenicity and reproductive toxicity will necessitate the deaths of thousands of animals because there are as yet no viable substitutes for these two toxicity tests. - the massive amount of new testing proposed by sca , and all the attendant administration will cost billions of dollars. one way or another, this cost will be passed on to consumers. this is not the time to be spending this kind of money on unnecessary legislation. - the amount of checking, testing, listing, re-designing, re-formulating, re-printing and form-filling would be a massive burden to cosmetics companies. some, both large and small, will go out of business, with attendant job losses. - labeling regulations are already onerous for any company selling internationally. since the labeling requirements of sca are not in line with those of any other country or region, this will create chaos in the industry. - although sca delegates authority to the fda, it also allows for any responsible party to file a claim that a product may cause serious adverse health effects. this is the ewg giving itself the power to endlessly pursue products or companies that it does not like. cosmetics safety regulations in the usa could be improved, but this is not the answer. it is over-reaching, unworkable and unnecessary. robert tisserand is internationally recognized for his pioneering work in many aspects of aromatherapy since and frequent contributor to the aromaconnection blog. the safe cosmetics act by robert tisserand the safe cosmetics act of sca , now before the house of representatives, is an inappropriate and seriously flawed attempt to make cosmetics safer. you can read the full text here. the thinking behind it is identical to a bill that was proposed and defeated on march 1st this year in colorado see tunnel vision . both are the brainchild of a group including the campaign for safe cosmetics sfsc and the environmental working group ewg which are in turn linked to the skin deep database. sca is being opposed by groups representing small businesses such as opposesca.com, the indie beauty network and personal care truth which also reflects the views of many cosmetic chemists. a petition opposing sca can be found here. sca is unscientific, unworkable, and if passed as is, would likely cause widespread job loss in the cosmetics industry. far from being a step in the right direction, it would be a leap into regulatory chaos, as well as targeting small businesses and natural products. yes, cosmetics could and should be safer, and cosmetics labeling in the usa does need more transparency. safety can always be improved in any field, especially in the light of new scientific data, but sca over-reaches what is needed to such an extent that, with the possible exception of distilled water, i cannot think of any cosmetic ingredient that would be acceptable under its terms. these require that there is data demonstrating that exposure to all sources of the ingredient or cosmetic present not more than in a million risk for any adverse effect in the population of concern . unfortunately, population of concern is not defined, but sca further states that, in establishing a safety standard, no harm will be caused by aggregate exposure for a member of a vulnerable population to that ingredient or cosmetic. vulnerable populations are defined, and include pregnant women, infants, children, the elderly, and people with compromised immune systems. would infants include pre-term babies? would people with compromised immune systems include those who do not get sufficient sleep, or who suffer from frequent colds? much of the wording of the bill is vague and open to many possible interpretations. ingredient includes every substance present in an ingredient at levels above technically feasible detection limits. this last phrase is not defined, but it could be as low as one part per billion ppb, . or one part per trillion ppt, . . sca specifically mentions contaminants, and in foods and beverages they are commonly measured at these levels. most essential oils contain about 100 constituents. the above data for example no more than in a million risk must be demonstrable for each one of these constituents. otherwise, the essential oil may not be acceptable in cosmetics, according to the terms of the bill. i can think of of no substance, natural or synthetic, that is known to cause no adverse reaction of any kind in less than in a million people. in human tests for skin reactions, there are sometimes data covering tens of thousands of patch tests. but, that s still a long way from a million, and there is no cosmetic ingredient that, if patch tested on one million people, would cause no more than one reaction. except for distilled water perhaps. any adverse effect is not defined, but is not as simple as it might seem. linalool, for example, has caused cns depression when inhaled by animals. alcohol is the classic cns depressant in large enough amounts, it causes loss of muscular control, slurred speech, stupor and other effects. linalool is one of the most common constituents of fragrant herbs and flowers, inhalation of which could therefore be regarded as hazardous under the vague terms of sca . in reality, linalool has no more than a mild calming, anti-anxiety effect when inhaled by humans. it s one of the main constituents of lavender oil. the issue of dose and concentration is not given much consideration. the secretary shall presume that any ingredient or cosmetic that induces cancer or birth defects or has reproductive or developmental toxicity when ingested by, inhaled by, or dermally applied to a human or an animal has failed to meet the safety standard. this is a complete reinvention of the science of toxicology, which up until now has been based on the principle of dose and of threshold levels. above certain amounts toxicity may occur, below them it will not. this is why there are permissible levels for substances such as hydrocyanic acid cyanide , restricted to ppm which naturally occurs in some foods. there s also the question of the interaction between the constituents of a natural substance. basil herb, for example, contains two known carcinogens estragole and methyleugenol. pesto is a particularly concentrated form of basil, yet the who has determined that the amounts in basil pesto are so small that they present no risk to humans. since that ruling, research has been published demonstrating that basil herb contains anticarcinogenic substances that counter any potential toxicity of the two carcinogens, and is itself anticarcinogenic alhusainy et al , dasgupta et al , jeurissen et al . some basil essential oils have been shown to have anticarcinogenic effects aruna sivaramakrishnan , manosroi et al . probable or known human carcinogens, such as acetaldehyde and benzo a pyrene bap are ubiquitous in fruits, vegetables, dairy products, meat and fish at low ppb. i m not saying this is a good thing, i m just saying it s a fact, and these foods are not regarded as dangerous, because the toxins are present in such minuscule amounts. bap is one of the many carcinogens found in cigarette smoke, but it is also found in american drinking water at .-.ppb, and in olive oil at about ppb. olive oil is actually anticarcinogenic, because of its content of antioxidant polyphenols, squalene, -sitosterol and linoleic acid sotiroudis kyrtopoulos . it s the same story with fruits and vegetables they are generally anticarcinogenic due to a very much higher content of antitoxic substances. many essential oils, herb extracts and foods contain tiny amounts of single constituents that alone, and in substantial amounts, are known to be toxic, but the parent natural substance is not toxic. however, this scenario is not taken into consideration by the cfsc or ewg. these organizations are, wittingly or unwittingly, campaigning to have natural substances banned from use in cosmetics because of their tunnel vision and parts per billion approach to safety. the thinking behind the wording of sca is naive because there is an assumption that substances are either safe or toxic , and that if we simply eliminate the toxic ones from personal care products, the world will be a better place. it may seem like an excellent idea, but once you start talking about parts per million or lower, it is unnecessary and unrealistic. not even foods are regulated to that degree, and our exposure to foods is far greater than our exposure to cosmetics. sca requires that every constituent or trace contaminant of every ingredient be listed onthe product label. this arguably discriminates against natural products, since their ingredient lists would have to include hundreds of substances, if they could be proved to be safe under the terms of the bill, and if there was some way of actually listing that many ingredients on a label. a product containing what would normally would be regarded as five ingredients olive oil, blue chamomile extract, and essential oils of orange, rose and vetiver would require an ingredient list looking something like this: oleic acid, palmitic acid, stearic acid, linoleic acid, linolenic acid, squalene, hydroxytyrosol, tyrosol, oleuropein, ligstroside, elenolic acid, acetoxy-pinoresenol, oleocanthal, -tocopherol, herniarin, hyperoside, umbelliferone, methylumbelliferone, caffeic acid, chlorogenic acid, quercetin, rutin, flavanone, isorhamnetin, quercimeritin, anthemic acid, choline, triacontane, patuletin, patulitrin, apigetrin, apigenin--glucoside, apigenin--apiosylglucoside, luteolin--glucoside, apigetrin--acetylglucoside, luteolin--glucoside, luteolin, patuletin, matricin, matricarin, galacturonic acid, d-limonene, citronellol, geraniol, myrcene, linalool, -pinene, sabinene, -phellandrene, geranial, neral, decanal, citronellal, z - -ocimene, -pinene, valencene, -elemene, terpinolene, dodecanal, -terpinene, -sinensal, -sinensal, -cadinene, -copaene, -muurolene, nerol, --carene, z --hexenol, perillaldehyde, octanol, cis-sabinene hydrate, undecanal, nonadecane, heneicosane, -nonadecene, -phenylethanol, e - -ocimene, methyleugenol, eugenol, -heptadecene, eicosane, trans-linalool oxide, -caryophyllene, -tricosene, -terpineol, -farnesene, farnesyl acetate, citronellyl formate, pentadecane, -guiaiene, benzaldehyde, z - -farnesene, terpinen--ol, geranyl acetate, isogeranyl acetate, farnesyl propionate, methyl salicylate, citronellyl acetate, hexanol, -humulene, methyl geranate, -terpinene, cis-rose oxide, isogeraniol, -bergamotene, --carene, cis-linalool oxide, octadecane, heptadecane, -phellandrene, cis-rose oxide, -maaliene, ethyl benzoate, geranyl acetone, -methylbutanol, docosane, -heneicosene, p-cymene, -eicosene, bourbonene, -cadinene, hexadecane, -tricosene, octanal, nerolidol, -undecanone, benzyl benzoate, -muurolene, -phenylethyl phenylacetate, farnesol, geranyl formate, guaiol, heptanal, allo-ocimene, -octadecene, -phenylethyl--methyl valerate, hexadecanol, hexanal, -hexenyl formate, -phenylethyl benzoate, khusimol, vetiselinenol, cyclocopacamphan--ol epimer a , -cadinol, -vetivone, -vetivenene, -eudesmol, -vetivone, khusenic acid, -vetispirene, -vetivenene, -amorphene, e -eudesm- ,-dien--ol, -calacorene, z -eudesm--en--ol, -amorphene ziza--en--ol, -selinene, z -eudesma-,-diene, salvial- -en--one, khusinol, cyclocopacamphan--ol epimer b , selina--en--ol, khusian-ol, -amorphene, -epicubenol, khusimene, ziza- -en-3 -ol, ziza- -en--one, -epi-ziza- -en-3 -ol, -nor-ziza- -en-2 -ol, -vetispirene, eremophila- , -diene, dimethyl-,-bicyclo- .. -deca--en-one, -epi- -eudesmol, -calacorene, e -opposita- , -dien12-ol, prekhusenic acid, -nor-eudesma-,-dien--one, isovalencenol, spirovetiva- , -diene, -epi-ziza- -en--al, e -isovalencenal, preziza- -ene, z -eudesma-,-dien-3 -ol, intermedeol, isoeugenol, isokhusenic acid, elemol, eremophila- ,-dien--al, juniper camphor, khusimone, eremophila- , -dien-2 -ol, eremophila- , -dien-2 -ol, z -isovalencenal, allo-khusiol, methyl- e -eremophila- , -dien--ether, e --nor-zizaene, z -eudesm--en--al, funebran--al no contaminants have been shown here, only natural constituents of the five ingredients. whether this list of 200 chemicals would be useful for consumers is debatable, and it would be one of the shorter lists, since most natural products contain much more than five ingredients. even single synthetic chemicals are not really single chemicals at all they also contain some minor and trace constituents. most fragrance chemicals for example are about pure, the other consisting of impurities which of course would have to be listed. so synthetic chemicals are not exempt from this challenge. this is one of the reasons that a naturally-occurring chemical is not the same as a synthetic one the impurities present in the synthetic version. synthetic coumarin, for example, causes skin allergies because of the impurities it contains vocanson , . but, sca treats all chemicals of the same name as equal, which may be expedient if you are trying to pass legislation, but it s not really scientific. sca proposes that hundreds of ingredients should be assessed for safety in unrealistically short amounts of time, with no proposal as to what form this assessment process will take, who will undertake the work, and exactly what criteria will be used. the wording of the bill shows very little understanding of either toxicology or cosmetics science. it also assumes that any existing legislation in other countries must be good legislation, when in fact nothing could be further from the truth. i happen to believe that incremental legislation is generally a good thing. it at least allows for the possibility of public debate, and for finer points to be properly considered. legislation as sweeping as sca will cause chaos in the cosmetics industry, especially since states will be given the option to add further safety standards as they see fit. so, each state could have different standards a manufacturer s nightmare, and a pointless provision. even without it, how any agency could enforce legislation involving hundreds of thousands of existing products, with hundreds of ingredients to consider for each one is mind-boggling. sca will cost unknown millions or billions of dollars which the consumer will ultimately pay for. it will probably have no more than a negligible effect on cosmetics safety, but it poses a serious threat to many businesses especially those making natural products, those supplying natural ingredients, and the farmers that grow the plants they come from. sca is especially onerous to small businesses any corporation with a turnover of million or less. it requires each manufacturer to not only declare every constituent chemical of every ingredient on the label, but to also test each finished cosmetic to ensure that there is not even a trace amount of some toxic chemical that might have been formed during the making of the product. most small personal care product businesses will not survive if sca passes, a fact that may possibly be attractive to larger corporations. however, the bill has been criticised by lezlee westine, president and ceo of the personal care products council, which represents the larger cosmetics companies. her statement includes the following: we are concerned that the safe cosmetics act of as written is not based on credible and established scientific principles, would put an enormous if not impossible burden on fda, and would create a mammoth new regulatory structure for cosmetics, parts of which would far exceed that of any other fda-regulated product category including food or drugs. the measures the bill would mandate are likely unachievable even with the addition of hundreds of additional fda scientists and millions more in funding and would not make a meaningful contribution to product safety. the skin deep database, mentioned in the first paragraph, gives an insight into the thinking of the cfsc and ewg. skin deep exaggerates toxicity by being selective in its reporting. for example, limonene, the major constituent of citrus essential oils, is flagged as being developmentally toxic in large doses. this is true, since when pregnant mice were fed ,363 mg kg limonene by stomach tube on days -of gestation, there was an increase in the number of fetuses with skeletal anomalies and delayed ossification kodama et al . however, what is not stated by skin deep is that in the same report, when pregnant mice were given a lower dose, 591 mg kg day, there was no developmental toxicity. the higher dose is equivalent to daily human ingestion of .oz of limonene, and the lower dose is equivalent to .oz. if ingestion of .oz per day for days is known to be non-fetotoxic, then there is no reason to believe that the use of limonene in cosmetics is likely to be in any way hazardous during pregnancy; in fact, quite the opposite especially since stomach tube feeding generally increases toxicity . the skin deep page on limonene also mentions, under cancer that one or more tests on mammalian cells show positive mutation results. one reference is given. however, this ignores the fact that eleven other studies found no evidence of mutagenicity or genotoxicity for limonene anderson et al , connor et al , florin et al , haworth et al , myhr et al , pienta , sasaki et al , sekihashi et al , turner et al , watabe et al , , and two further studies reported antimutagenic effects de oliveira et al , kim et al . this : score is part of the weight of evidence used to assess risk in toxicology. mutagenicity testing is used to identify substances that may be carcinogenic. however, of substances that are not in fact carcinogenic test positive in a least one mutagenicity test kirkland et al . these are false positives , and present no risk. the one study cited by skin deep for limonene is a false positive. if you want to imply risk, it s possible to do so simply by being selective about which facts you choose to report. many small cosmetics manufacturers have become disenchanted with the manipulative ways of the cfsc and ewg. if they were sincere in caring about cosmetics safety they would welcome any pertinent opinions and facts, but they don t. they either ignore or stridently oppose anything that does not accord with their fear-driven political agenda. it s a shame, because a few of their concerns are genuine and well-founded, but their focus has become highly distorted. i urge you to oppose the safe cosmetics act . here are some steps you can take. alhusainy w, paini a, punt a et al identification of nevadensin as an important herb-based constituent inhibiting estragole bioactivation and physiology-based biokinetic modeling of its possible in vivo effect. toxicology applied pharmacology 245:179-190 anderson be, zeiger e, shelby md et al chromosome aberration and sister chromatid exchange test results with chemicals. environmental molecular mutagenesis suppl. :-137 aruna k, sivaramakrishnan vm anticarcinogenic effects of the essential oils from cumin, poppy and basil. phytotherapy research :577-580 connor th, theiss jc, hanna ha et al genotoxicity of organic chemicals frequently found in the air of mobile homes. toxicology letters - dasgupta t, rao ar, yadava pk chemomodulatory efficacy of basil leaf ocimum basilicum on drug metabolizing and antioxidant enzymes, and on carcinogen-induced skin and forestomach papillomagenesis. phytomedicine :139-151 de oliveira ac, ribeiro-pinto lf, paumgartten fj in vitro inhibition of cyp2b1 monooxygenase by b-myrcene and other monoterpenoid compounds. toxicology letters - florin i, rutberg l, curvall m et al screening of tobacco smoke constituents for mutagenicity using the ames test. toxicology :219-232 haworth s, lawlor t, mortelmans k et al salmonella mutagenicity test results for 250 chemicals. environmental mutagenesis :- jeurissen sm, punt a, delatour t et al basil extract inhibits the sulfotransferase mediated formation of dna adducts of the procarcinogen -hydroxyestragole by rat and human liver s9 homogenates and in hepg2 human hepatoma cells. food chemical toxicology : kim mh, chung wt, kim yk et al the effect of the oil of agastache rugosa o. kuntze and three of its components on human cancer cell lines. journal of essential oil research :214-218 kirkland d, aardema m, henderson l et al evaluation of the ability of a battery of three in vitro genotoxicity tests to discriminate rodent carcinogens and non-carcinogens i. sensitivity, specificity and relative predictivity. mutation research 584:-256 kodama, r, okubo a, araki e et al studies on d-limonene as a gallstone solubilizer vii . effects on development of mouse fetuses and offspring. oyo yakuri :863-873 manosroi j, dhumtanom p, manosroi a anti-proliferative activity of essential oil extracted from thai medicinal plants on kb and p388 cell lines. cancer letters 235:114-120 myhr b, mcgregor d, bowers l et al l5178y mouse lymphoma cell mutation assay results with compounds. environmental molecular mutagenesis suppl :138-167 pienta r j evaluation and relevance of the syrian hamster embryo cell system. applied methods in oncology :149-169 sasaki yf, imanishi h, ohta t et al modifying effects of components of plant essence on the induction of sister-chromatid exchanges in cultured chinese hamster ovary cells. mutation research 226:103-110 sekihashi a, yamamoto a, matsumura y et al comparative investigation of multiple organs of mice and rats in the comet assay. mutation research 517:- sotiroudis tg, kyrtopoulos sa anticarcinogenic compounds of olive oil and related biomarkers. european journal of nutrition - turner sd, tinwell h, piegorsch w et al the male rat carcinogens limonene and sodium saccharin are not mutagenic to male big blue rats. mutagenesis :329-332 vocanson m, goujon c, chabeau g et al the skin allergenic properties of chemicals may depend on contaminants evidence from studies on coumarin. international archives of allergy immunology 140:231-238 vocanson m, valeyrie m, rozi res a et al lack of evidence for allergenic properties of coumarin in a fragrance allergy mouse model. contact dermatitis :361-364 watabe t, hiratsuka a, isobe m et al metabolism of d-limonene by hepatic microsomes to non-mutagenic epoxides toward salmonella typhimurium. biochemical pharmacology : watabe t, hiratsuka a, ozawa n et al a comparative study on the metabolism of d-limonene and -vinylcyclohex--ene by hepatic microsomes. xenobiotica :333-344 robert tisserand is internationally recognised for his pioneering work in many aspects of aromatherapy since . the revealing truth of the money trail of ewg by kayla fioravanti, reprinted with permission. with every stand that you take there are those that will stand with you, those that will digest the information and think about it and others who will take a stand against you. i know that is a risk that i took when i chose to publicly stand against the environmental working group ewg and their skin deep database. i debated posting what i found after i followed the money trail, since just my mention on social media that i was doing the research lost me a customer. i'd prefer to remain neutral, but i fear that neutrality would result in continued damage to small businesses around the country by an organization that sadly lacks the science to back up their claims. being outspoken against the ewg may continue to cost me some customers, but i believe education is the key to fact based decisions and safe cosmetics. in the past few months i have been terribly disturbed to see the environmental working group send repeated emails requesting just another donation. each letter sounds more dire than the next as if the world would literally end if the ewg didn't meet their budget. this inspired me to do a little digging to see just what mr. cook himself makes annually since he was making the earth shattering pleas for donations. the only 990 i could get a hold of for the ewg was . according to ba carrington with empowerment enterprises, ltd, "they ewg have not filed a tax return on the 501 c since , according to the 990 database exempt world, which is a subscription service to track 990 s. even though ewg is categorized as a charitable organization, it is still required to file a return under irs codes and submit their list of activities to the irs on an annual basis, even if they file an extension." it could be that they have filed an extension and the deadline for the information has not yet passed based on their calendar fiscal year. for more details on this possibility click here. the ewg has stepped up it's fundraising to now include promoting the purchase of the very same sunscreens that they claim are bad for you through amazon to raise money for the ewg. read more about that topic click here. in ken cook was paid ,295.estimated amount of other compensation from organization and related organizations. richard wiles ,998.estimated amount of other compensation from the organization and related organizations. jane houlihan ,448.estimated amount of other compensation from the organization and related organizations. william walker made .plus ,743.estimated amount of other compensation from the organization and related organizations. susan comfort estimated amount of other compensation from the organization and related organizations. sandra schubert estimated amount of other compensation from the organization and related organizations. alexander formuzis ,920.. christopher campbell ,988.estimated amount of other compensation from the organization and related organizations. breaking it all down in case you got sick of reading the pay that is a total of 117,248.. the total reported salaries for ewg was ,242,570.. over half of their total revenue went into paying the employees of ewg. i am not opposed to making a profit. i believe in capitalism. i also appreciate that it takes time, money and resources to pursue any public policy position. but still, more than half of the operating budget is a lot. i am troubled when a non-profit that asks for most of the time you click on their skin deep website as if they are on the verge of going out of business is spending so much of your money on their executives. in ken cook was reported to have been paid 245,000. only an estimate based on the pay rate of increase from to . no wonder i get so many requests for another donation from the ewg. at pay rates they need at least 118,578 people to donate just to cover their top executives pay...who knows how much is needed to cover it in and ? you have to wonder if the ewg is really hurting for money or if they just like to keep their budget at a certain number. in the net assets or fund balances were ,975,899., of ,478,044., of ,963,800.. a very revealing, carefully documented and thoroughly research of the history of and who is behind the ewg can be found on the personal care truth website click here to read. the ewg, skin deep and the campaign for safe cosmetics have made many claims that cosmetic companies are financially driven to claim that ingredients are safe, i am simply wondering if ewg has a financial interest in saying that they are not safe. i don't know many small business cosmetic owners who are making as much money as the top at ewg. i'm just saying...in this economy do they really need your ? what do you think? does knowing the money trail color your impression of the ewg as a non-profit? kayla fioravanti and her husband dennis own and operate essential wholesale. ed. note: after reading kayla s excellent report and the comprehensive history at personal care truth, as well as examination of available information on the ewg website and other sources, several red flags wave. these include, but may not be limited to, proportional ratio of administrative salaries vs. actual program funding; lack of transparency of donors as well as staffing and operations; unclear financial and staffing relationship between ewg and ewg action fund. in an irs complaint was filed against ewg asking for an investigation and revocation of their nonprofit status. further research is needed to establish the determination of that action. by robert tisserand reprinted with permission people should expect reasonable and sensible protection from harm by those who regulate consumer products, and vulnerable groups such as children and pregnant women may need special consideration. therefore, cosmetics that are totally free of all carcinogens and teratogens may sound like a good idea. but is it realistic? and is more legislation needed? one problem is in that word totally . if you want to avoid encountering one molecule of a toxic substance, then you need to either live in a bubble, or stop eating, drinking, and breathing. traces of cyanide, for instance, are found in foods and beverages, both natural and manufactured. that doesn t mean its ok to consume in quantity, but toxicity is avoided by limiting the permitted amount to a few parts per million. the same goes for heavy metals and in fact most other toxins. why not zero tolerance? well, in many cases it is both unrealistic, and unnecessary. all toxic substances have noaels no-adverse-effect-levels even carcinogens. noaels are established in animal studies, and then ratcheted down by 100 or 500 or ,000 times. these mathematical excursions are a bit arbitrary sometimes, but if anything, they result in too much protection, not too little. a zero tolerance bill is on the table in the state of colorado, and you can find more information about it here and here. enacting this bill would mean, for example, that any amount of acetaldehyde would not be permitted in personal care products. your body produces acetaldehyde whenever you drink alcohol, as it s the major metabolite of ethanol. and chronic alcoholism can lead to cancer, with acetaldehyde the main suspect. acetaldehyde is also a trace constituent of apples, bananas, bilberries, cherries, citrus fruits, cranberries, grapes, olives, passionfruit, peaches, plums, strawberries, raspberries, carrots, celery, cucumbers, garlic, onions, peas, potatoes and tomatoes. so, goodbye fruit extracts in cosmetics. if you see a strawberry only as something that contains acetaldehyde tunnel vision , then suddenly, everything you thought was good for you, is now bad for you. but problem number two , fruits and vegetables contain a plethora of antioxidants and antimutagens that more than compensate for any toxicity from the tiny traces of acetaldehyde they contain. also, goodbye to rose otto and rose absolute. it was nice knowing you. and so long to nutmeg oil, mace oil, myrtle oil, basil oil, holy basil oil, citronella oil, ho leaf oil linalool ct , elemi oil, and many other less common essential oils. not because they contain acetaldehyde, but because they contain methyleugenol me . me is occasionally found in traces in rosemary oil, clove oil, hyssop oil, tea tree oil, cananga oil, mastic oil, cassia oil, cinnamon leaf oil, savory oil, black pepper oil and, again, many others. have you eaten any fresh basil or pesto lately? then you have been consuming me. but, neither fresh basil nor pesto is carcinogenic, because they also contain antimutagens and anticarcinogens that counteract any toxic effect of me. i m not just saying this, it has been demonstrated. the same goes for holy basil oil, to take one example not only is it non-carcinogenic, but it is actually anticarcinogenic. the high content of geraniol in rose otto is almost certainly protective because of its anticarcinogenic action. does this make a difference? not if you have tunnel vision. the environmental working group and associated skin deep and campaign for safe cosmetics is an increasingly vociferous pressure group, which is now flexing its political muscle. everywhere these people look, they find dangerous toxins, and guess what if you look for them you will find them. and, if your vision becomes so narrow that all you can see is toxins, and the poor fetuses and children that you convince yourself they must be harming, it becomes difficult to take a step back and see the big picture. the ewg do not seem to appreciate that finding a substance in human tissue does not necessarily mean that the owner of that tissue has been harmed. risk assessment has many facets problem number three but basically it is about deciding whether exposure to a substance in a particular way is or is not actually harmful, and where safety thresholds lie. risk assessment is not about scaremongering, it s not about getting people fired up about chemicals , and it should not be about pre-emptive and sweeping legislation. it should be about ensuring safety by looking at all aspects of a problem, and then making the best decision you can. i agree with many of the ewg campaigns. it s just a shame that they have adopted the same single-chemical view of essential oils that has infected the ec legislation. if you live in colorado and you agree with my opinion, you should act. if you don t live in colorado stay vigilant, because there s more of the same on the way. robert tisserand is an esteemed aromatherapy educator, author, founder of the tisserand institute and consultant to the personal care products industry. colorado safe personal care products act : take action immediately by kayla fioravanti reprinted with permission if you live in colorado or sell cosmetics into colorado it is time for you to speak up. colorado has a proposed a bill before them during this session known as the colorado safe personal products act. this act is so broad and vague that if it passes in this form the personal care shelves in stores would go bare. you can read the entire bill here. to follow the bill as it is updated click here and change the range to house bills and then scan down to . as of the bill was assigned to house judiciary committee. there is a hearing scheduled for sponsors and those opposing the act to be heard. the committee meets in room in the basement of the capitol beginning at . you can find the phone number and email addresses of your colorado state representative here. the bill is sponsored in the house by dianne primavera phone 303-866- click here to email, dennis apuan phone 303-866- click here to email, karen middleton phone 303-866- click here to email, joe miklosi cap phone 303-866- click here to email. the women's lobby of colorado is holding open meetings. they support this bill and even have the campaign for safe cosmetics logo on their website. sadly, they have fallen for the bad science that the campaign for safe cosmetics is using to cause hysteria. the voices of small businesses in the personal care industry need to be heard. the women's lobby of colorado meetings are held at colorado education association on the corner of colfax and grant grant st from - in the bluebell room. you can park free in their lot if you sign in in the lobby. lunch will be provided. upcoming meetings will be held march , march , march , february , april and april . i will go into the faults of this bill in greater depth within the next few days, but in the mean time let me point out some of the serious flaws of this bill. "the bill creates the "colorado safe personal care products act" act , which prohibits a manufacturer from knowingly selling, offering for sale, or distributing for sale or use in colorado on and after , any personal care product that contains a chemical identified as causing cancer or reproductive toxicity." house bill - quick response: will these chemicals be ones that cause cancer when topically applied at normal usage percentges or will this information come from studies in which rats were injected with concentration of said ingredients? there is a big difference between putting an diluated ingredient on the skin than injecting an ingredient into the body at full concentration. "the general assembly declares it to be in the best interest of the people of this state to take steps to ensure that personal care products sold and used in this state are safe and do not contain substances that cause cancer or reproductive toxicity." house bill - quick response: there should be acceptable limits set and not a complete ban on ingredients. many things in nature in high doses are known to cause cancer; for instance the sun " "authoritative body" means the following agencies or formally organized programs or groups recognized as authoritative for purposes of identifying chemicals that cause cancer or reproductive toxicity: a the united states environmental protection agency, or its successor agency; b the united states food and drug administration, or its successor entity; c the national institute for occupational safety and health, or its successor entity; d the national toxicology program, or its successor program; and e the international agency for research on cancer, or its successor agency." house bill - quick response: i think this portion of the bill gets to the heart of the environmental working group ewg , aka skin deep, aka campaign for safe cosmetics entire agenda. the ewg wants to be that "or successor agency" mentioned in in the above list, my guess is the united states food and drug administration fda . the cosmetic ingredient review expert panel is not listed as a resource for information on cosmetic ingredient safety. having any open ended "or successor agency" declare what causes cancer and what doesn't is dangerous. the epa is an interesting choice as an expert on cosmetics. i read over there list of cancer causing chemicals and only a very small handful are used in cosmetics at all. i will give further detail on this list and provide a link to it this week. " . prohibition - sale of personal care products containing unsafe chemicals. on or after , a manufacturer shall not sell, offer for sale, distribute for sale, or distribute for use in this state any personal care product that contains a chemical identified as causing cancer or reproductive toxicity. . enforcement by private citizens - civil penalty. any person alleging a violation of section may bring an action against the manufacturer in a court of competent jurisdiction in the county where the violation occurred. upon finding a violation, in addition to any other relief authorized by law, the court shall order the manufacturer to cease and desist conduct violating section and shall order the manufacturer to pay the prevailing party reasonable attorney fees and costs. a manufacturer that violates section is subject to a civil penalty of up to five thousand dollars per violation per product for a first offense, and up to ten thousand dollars per violation per product for a second or subsequent offense. penalties collected pursuant to this section shall be deposited in the general fund." house bill - quick response: translation, the state of colorado cannot afford to enforce this insane bill so they are leaving it in the hands of citizens to sue cosmetic companies. after california passed california proposition there was wide spread abuse. the lawyers got rich in california and companies wasted countless man hours and dollars defending themselves from all these lawsuits. this bill does not address "naturally occurring" substances found in natural ingredients. for instance, lead would be banned, but lead is in water and cosmetics contain water. the issue is severely complicated with naturally occurring substances since there is a complete ban and not tolerable levels. a great example of by-product of some cosmetics is formaldehyde. in , the u.s. environmental protection agency epa classified formaldehyde as a probable human carcinogen under conditions of unusually high or prolonged exposure. in cosmetics there is not an unusually high or prolonged exposure to formaldehyde. tissues. formaldehyde is water soluble and is not stored in fat so it can be metabolized very quickly with a half life in the human body of about .minutes. for a list of formaldehyde preservatives read here. formaldehyde is naturally produced our bodies, the air that we breathe, and even the food we eat. formaldehyde is emitted as a natural by-product in the cooking of certain vegetables like, brussels sprouts and cabbage. how many small companies could afford to do business in colorado if this bill passes as it is written today? would you risk being fined ,000 when citizen take up bounty hunting cosmetic products for the promised cash reward? if you were completely innocent could you afford to defend yourself from these potential lawsuits?
__label__non_math	1.0000	luxury romance kits for wife, girlfriend, or lover our romance kit collections includes, everything you need to set the stage for your romantic evening together. transform an evening or weekend getaway into a memorable adventure with a luxury romance kit from aromanticgift.net luxury romantic kits for lovers are wonderful gifts. we have a gorgeous selection of romance kits including: the indulgence kit, the romantic pleasures kit, the sensual desires kit, the mini intimacy kit and the romance kit. all of these luxury kits are great for travel and perfect for your hotel room. what a great romantic surprise when you spark your passions with our tantalizing romantic kits for lovers....
__label__non_math	1.0000	hangzhou - shopping the shopping is best along yan an lu and jiefang lu. for native produce, hangzhou is known for its chinese silk products and there are special shops dedicated to it as well as an entire mall on xinhua lu. another famous local product is tea and the most loved blends are dragon s well and the more delicate white chrysanthemum. wangxingji fan industrial co., ltd. hangzhou wangxingji fan industrial co. ltd. was set up more than 100 years ago as the only comprehensive fan-making enterprise in china. wangxingji produces about series and more than 400 high quality types of elegant fans with many new varieties emerging. well known for its intricate craftsmanship and graceful appearance, the fan is both a necessity and a decorative article. copper house of south long river residence style and silver store the newly set up copper house is also the first and only copper carving museum in china, constructed with tons of copper and designed by mr. zhu binren, a great master of art and crafts. in addition to learning the culture of copper carving, you can also see various works, which can be added to your collection or sent to friends as a gift. beside the copper house there is a silver store, also founded by mr. zhu. both have attracted thousands of visitors. zhang xiaoquan scissors zhang xiaoquan scissors have 300 years of history and are both famous and trusted domestically and abroad. there is astoundingly over 100 varieties and 400 specifications, ranging from the family scissors, industrial scissors, scissors for agricultural and gardening use, tailor scissors, hairdressing scissors, gift and souvenir scissors and collectors series. located at the poetic and picturesque west lake, hangzhou dujinsheng industrial co. ltd. was established in by the famous patriotic businessman mr. du jinsheng. initially, dujinsheng was a family mill and later became the hangzhou dujinsheng textile factory. after more than , dujinsheng has become china s largest silk textile products manufacture and export firm. wu lin road fashion street wu lin road is one of the main leisure and shopping spots for women s fashion in downtown hangzhou. this is a shopping haven that is 650 m long and streches from qingchun road in the south to stadium road in the north.
__label__non_math	0.9888	outmaneuvering foodborne pathogens at various locations, ars scientists are doing research to make leafy greens and other fresh produce safer for consumers. produce and leafy greens in the photo are clockwise from top : romaine lettuce, cabbage, cilantro in a bed of broccoli sprouts, spinach and other leafy greens, green onions, tomatoes, and green leaf lettuce. if pathogens like e. coli o157:h7 or salmonella had a motto for survival, it might be: find that pretty much sums up what these food-poisoning bacteria do in nature, moving through our environment to find a host they can bind to and use as a staging area for multiplying and spreading. but ars food-safety scientists in california are determined to find out how to stop these and other foodborne pathogenic bacteria in their tracks, before the microbes can make their way to leafy greens and other favorite salad ingredients like tomatoes and sprouts. the research is needed to help prevent the pathogens from turning up in fresh produce that we typically eat uncooked. that s according to robert e. mandrell, who leads the ars produce safety and microbiology research unit. his team is based at the agency s western regional research center in albany, california. the team is pulling apart the lives of these microbes to uncover the secrets of their success. it s a complex challenge, in part because the microbes seem to effortlessly switch from one persona to the next. they are perhaps best known as residents of the intestines of warm-blooded animals, including humans. for another role, the pathogens have somehow learned to find, bind, and multiply in the world of green plants. sometimes the pathogenic microbes need the help of other microbial species to make the jump from animal inhabitant to plant resident. surprisingly little is known about these powerful partnerships, mandrell says. that s why such alliances among microbes are one of several specific aspects of the pathogens lifestyles that the albany scientists are investigating. in all, knowledge gleaned from these and other laboratory, greenhouse, and outdoor studies should lead to new, effective, environmentally friendly ways to thwart the pathogens before they have a chance to make us ill. in a greenhouse, microbiologist maria brandl examines cilantro that she uses as a model plant to investigate the behavior of foodborne pathogens on leaf surfaces. a pathogen targets youngest leaves knowing pathogens preferences is essential to any well-planned counter-attack. so microbiologist maria t. brandl is scrutinizing the little-understood ability of e. coli o157:h7 and salmonella enterica to contaminate the elongated, slightly sweet leaves of romaine lettuce. with a university of california-berkeley colleague, brandl has shown that, if given a choice, e. coli has a strong preference for the young, inner leaves. the researchers exposed romaine lettuce leaves to e. coli and found that the microbe multiplied about times more on the young leaves than on the older, middle ones. one explanation: the young leaves are a better nutrition buy for e. coli. these leaves exude about three times more nitrogen and about one-and-one-half times more carbon than do the middle leaves, says brandl. scientists have known for decades that plants exude compounds from their leaves and roots that bacteria and fungi can use as food. but the romaine lettuce study, published earlier this year in applied and environmental microbiology, is the first to document the different exudate levels among leaves of the two age classes. it s also the first to show that e. coli can do more than just bind to lettuce leaves: it can multiply and spread on them. research assistant danielle goudeau inoculates a lettuce leaf with e. coli o157:h7 in a biological safety cabinet to study the biology of the human pathogen on leafy greens. adding nitrogen to the middle leaves boosted e. coli growth, brandl found. in view of the key role of nitrogen in helping e. coli multiply on young leaves, she says, a strategy that minimizes use of nitrogen fertilizer in romaine lettuce fields may be worth investigating. in other studies using romaine lettuce and the popular herb cilantro as models, brandl documented the extent to which e. coli and salmonella are aided by erwinia chrysanthemi, an organism that causes fresh produce to rot. when compared to plant pathogens, e. coli and salmonella are not as fit on plants, brandl says. but the presence of the rot-producing microbe helped e. coli and salmonella grow on lettuce and cilantro leaves. soft rot promoted formation of large aggregates, called biofilms, of e. coli and salmonella and increased their numbers by up to 100-fold, she notes. the study uncovered new details about genes that the food-poisoning pathogens kick into action when teamed up with plant pathogens such as soft rot microbes. brandl, in collaboration with albany microbiologist craig parker, used a technique known as microarray analysis to spy on the genes. the assays showed that salmonella cells living in soft rot lesions on lettuce and cilantro had turned on some of the exact same genes that salmonella uses when it infects humans or colonizes the intestines of animals, she says. some of these activated genes were ones that salmonella uses to get energy from several natural compounds common to both green plants and to the animal intestines that salmonella calls home. using a confocal laser scanning microscope, microbiologist maria brandl examines a mixed biofilm of salmonella enterica pink and erwinia chrysanthemi green in soft rot lesions on cilantro leaves blue . a one-two punch to tomatoes salmonella also benefits from the presence of another plant pathogen, specifically, xanthomonas campestris, the culprit in a disease known as bacterial leaf spot of tomato. but the relationship between salmonella and x. campestris may be different than the relation of salmonella to the soft rot pathogen. notably, salmonella benefits even if the bacterial spot pathogen is at very low levels so low that the plant doesn t have the disease or any visible symptoms of it. that s among the first-of-a-kind findings that microbiologist jeri d. barak found in her tests with tomato seeds exposed to the bacterial spot microbe and then planted in soil that had been irrigated with water contaminated with s. enterica. in a recent article in plos one, barak reported that s. enterica populations were significantly higher in tomato plants that had also been colonized by x. campestris. in some cases, salmonella couldn t bind to and grow on or in tomato plants without the presence of x. campestris, she found. listeria monocytogenes on this broccoli sprout shows up as green fluorescence. the bacteria are mainly associated with the root hairs. we think that x. campestris may disable the plant immune response a feat that allows both it and salmonella to multiply, she says. the study was the first to report that even as long as weeks after soil was flooded with salmonella-contaminated water, the microbe was capable of binding to tomato seeds planted in the tainted soil and, later, of spreading to the plant. these results suggest that any contamination that introduces salmonella from any source into the environment whether that source is irrigation water, improperly composted manure, or even insects could lead to subsequent crop contamination, barak says. that s true even if substantial time has passed since the soil was first contaminated. crop debris can also serve as a reservoir of viable salmonella for at least a week, barak s study showed. for her investigation, the debris was composed of mulched, salmonella-contaminated tomato plants mixed with uncontaminated soil. replanting fields shortly after harvesting the previous crop is a common practice in farming of lettuce and tomatoes, she says. the schedule allows only a very short time for crop debris to decompose. our results suggest that fields known to have been contaminated with s. enterica could benefit from an extended fallow period, perhaps of at least a few weeks. ordinary microbe foils e. coli while the bacterial spot and soft rot microbes make life easier for certain foodborne pathogens, other microbes may make the pathogens existence more difficult. geneticist michael b. cooley and microbiologist william g. miller at albany have shown the remarkable effects of one such microbe, enterobacter asburiae. this common, farm-and-garden-friendly microorganism lives peaceably on beans, cotton, and cucumbers. in one experiment, e. asburiae significantly reduced levels of e. coli and salmonella when all three species of microbes were inoculated on seeds of thale cress, a small plant often chosen for laboratory tests. the study, published in applied and environmental microbiology in , led to followup experiments with green leaf lettuce. in that battle of the microbes, another rather ordinary bacterium, wausteria paucula, turned out to be e. coli s new best friend, enhancing the pathogen s survival sixfold on lettuce leaves. it was the first clear example of a microbe s supporting a human pathogen on a plant, notes cooley, who documented the findings in the journal of food protection in . but e. asburiae more than evened the score, decreasing e. coli survival - to -fold on lettuce leaves exposed to those two species of microbes. the mechanisms underlying the competition between e. asburiae and e. coli are still a mystery, says cooley, especially the competition that takes place on leaves or other plant surfaces. nevertheless, e. asburiae shows initial promise of becoming a notable biological control agent to protect fresh salad greens or other crops from pathogen invaders. with further work, the approach could become one of several science-based solutions that will help keep our salads safe. by marcia wood, agricultural research service information staff. this research is part of food safety, an ars national program 108 described on the world wide web at to reach scientists mentioned in this article, contact marcia wood, usda-ars information staff, sunnyside ave., beltsville, md ; phone 301 504-, fax 301 504-. listeria monocytogenes on this radish sprout shows up as green fluorescence. the bacteria are mainly associated with the root hairs. what genes help microbes invade leafy greens? when unwanted microbes form an attachment, the consequences for us can be serious. that s if the microbes happen to be human pathogens like listeria monocytogenes or salmonella enterica and if the target of their attentions happens to be fresh vegetables often served raw, such as cabbage or the sprouted seeds of alfalfa. scientists don t yet fully understand how the malevolent microbes form colonies that cling stubbornly to and spread across plant surfaces, such as the bumpy leaves of a cabbage or the ultra-fine root hairs of a tender alfalfa sprout. but food safety researchers at the ars western regional research center in albany, california, are putting together pieces of the pathogen puzzle. a food-poisoning incident in canada, caused by l. monocytogenes in coleslaw, led microbiologist lisa a. gorski to study the microbe s interactions with cabbage. gorski, with the center s produce safety and microbiology research unit, used advanced techniques not widely available at the time of the cabbage contamination. very little is known about interactions between listeria and plants, says gorski, whose study revealed the genes that listeria uses during a successful cabbage-patch invasion. the result was the first-ever documentation of listeria genes in action on cabbage leaves. gorski, along with coinvestigator jeffrey d. palumbo now with the center s plant mycotoxin research unit and others, documented the investigation in a article in applied and environmental microbiology. listeria, behaving badly people had looked at genes that listeria turns on, or expresses, when it s grown on agar gel in a laboratory, says gorski. but no one had looked at genes that listeria expresses when it grows on a vegetable. we were surprised to find that when invading cabbage, listeria calls into play some of the same genes routinely used by microbes that are conventionally associated with plants. listeria is usually thought of as a pathogen of humans. we hadn t really expected to see it behaving like a traditional, benign inhabitant of a green plant. it s still a relatively new face for listeria, and requires a whole new way of thinking about it. in related work, gorski is homing in on genetic differences that may explain the widely varying ability of eight different listeria strains to successfully colonize root hairs of alfalfa sprouts and to resist being washed off by water. in a article in the journal of food protection, gorski, palumbo, and former albany associate kimanh d. nguyen reported those differences. poorly attaching strains formed fewer than listeria cells per sprout during the lab experiment, while the more adept colonizers formed more than 100,000 cells per sprout. salmonella s cling genes colleague jeri d. barak, a microbiologist at albany, led another sprout investigation, this time probing the ability of s. enterica to attach to alfalfa sprouts. from a pool of ,000 genetically different salmonella samples, barak, gorski, and coinvestigators found that were unable to attach strongly to sprouts. scientists elsewhere had already identified some genes as necessary for salmonella to successfully invade and attach to the guts of animals such as cows and chickens. in the albany experiments, some of those same genes were disrupted in the salmonella specimens that couldn t cling to alfalfa sprouts. their article in applied and environmental microbiology helped set the stage for followup studies to tease out other genes that salmonella uses when it is living on and in plants. a deeper understanding of those and other genes may lead to sophisticated defense strategies to protect tomorrow s salad greens and us. by marcia wood, agricultural research service information staff. geneticist michael cooley collects a sediment sample to test for e. coli o157:h7. the pathogen was found near fields implicated in the outbreak of e. coli o157:h7 on baby spinach. environmental surveillance exposes a killer it started as a manhunt for a microbe, but it became one of the nation s most intensive farmscape searches for the rogue pathogen e. coli o157:h7. ars microbiologist robert e. mandrell and geneticist michael b. cooley of the produce safety and microbiology research unit in albany, california, had already been collaborating in their own small-scale study of potential sources of e. coli o157:h7 in the state s produce-rich salinas valley when, in , they were asked to join another one. the new investigation became a -month surveillance by the two scientists and other federal and state experts of e. coli in salinas valley watersheds. it may seem like an obvious concept today, says mandrell, but at the time, there was little proof that e. coli contamination of produce before harvest could be a major cause of food-poisoning outbreaks. mandrell and cooley aided the california food emergency response team, as this food-detective squad was named, in tracing movement of e. coli through the fertile valley. this surveillance showed that e. coli o157:h7 can travel long distances in streamwater and floodwater. in , e. coli o157:h7 strains indistinguishable from those causing human illness associated with baby spinach were discovered in environmental samples including water taken from a salinas valley ranch. wild pigs were added to the list of animal carriers of the pathogen when one of the so-called outbreak strains of e. coli o157:h7 was discovered in their dung. the team documented its work in in plos one and emerging infectious diseases. the albany scientists used a relatively new technique to detect e. coli o157:h7 in water. developed at the ars meat animal research center in clay center, nebraska, for animal hides, the method was adapted by the albany team for the outdoor reconnaissance. because of their colleagues work, says cooley, we had the right method at the right time. by marcia wood, agricultural research service information staff. "outmaneuvering foodborne pathogens" was published in the july issue of agricultural research magazine.
__label__non_math	0.9976	protection of subtropical and tropical agriculture commodities and ornamentals from exotic insects location: subtropical horticulture research title: laurel wilt: a global threat to avocado production submitted to: world avocado congress publication type: proceedings publication acceptance date: publication date: citation: ploetz, r.c., smith, j.a., inch, s.a., pena, j.e., evans, e.a., crane, j.h., kendra, p.e., hulcr, j., stelinski, l., schnell, r. . laurel wilt: a global threat to avocado production. world avocado congress. 186-197 in proceedings vii world avocado congress. -september , cairns, australia. interpretive summary: laurel wilt is a lethal vascular disease of trees in the plant family lauraceae, including avocado. it is caused by a fungal pathogen raffaelea lauricola that is introduced into host trees by an exotic wood-boring beetle, the redbay ambrosia beetle xyleborus glabratus . the beetle was first detected in georgia in , and since has spread to six states in the southeastern u.s. laurel wilt poses an imminent threat to commercial avocado production in south florida, and a future threat to avocado in california, mexico, central and south america. scientists at the usda-ars subtropical horticulture research station, in collaboration with the university of florida, are conducting multidisciplinary research on the pest complex, including evaluation of fungicides for laurel wilt, screening for disease resistant avocado varieties, determination of pathways for disease transmission, identification of beetle attractants, repellents, and insecticides, and assessment of host preferences. information from these studies will be used by avocado growers and by state and federal action agencies engaged in monitoring programs for redbay ambrosia beetle. laurel wilt kills members of the lauraceae plant family, including avocado. the disease has invaded much of the southeastern usa, and threatens avocado commerce and homeowner production in florida, valuable germplasm in miami usda-ars , and major production and germplasm in california and mesoamerica. laurel wilt is caused by a recently described fungus, raffaelea lauricola, which is vectored by an invasive ambrosia beetle, xyleborus glabratus. current research topics include: disease management with fungicides; identifying host resistance; vector mitigation with insecticides and repellents; host ranges of, and interactions with, the pathogen and vector; and transmission of r. lauricola via avocado seed, scion material, root grafts and pruning tools. although highly resistant avocado cultivars have not been identified, screening work continues on additional cultivars and new germplasm. effective fungicides e.g. triazoles have been identified, but cost-effective disease management will depend on improved measures for xylem loading and retention of these chemicals. insecticides have been identified that reduce boring activity of x. glabratus and its attraction to avocado and other hosts, but much remains to be learned about their impact on disease management. although the disease s host range is generally restricted to american members of the lauraceae, nonhosts that attract the beetle are known. raffaelela lauricola rapidly colonizes avocado after infection, but to low levels; tylose and gel induction in the host, rather than xylem obstruction by fungal biomass, are associated with impeded water transport and symptom development. seed and fruit from laurel wilt-affected avocado trees do not appear to be infected by r. lauricola.
__label__non_math	1.0000	researcher and regular collaborator in prestigious media on art and architecture, she discusses the significance it will have for the new museology the building that today holds the collection of benozzo gozzoli in castelfiorentino, by the architect massimo mariani. recognized authority on the life and work of velazquez, in his books are a palace for a king: the buen retiro and the court of philip iv; vel zquez, painter and courtier, and velazquez, the art of the genius. in his article he explains the details of the discovery of the new vel zquez of the metropolitan in new york. specialist in spanish painting of the golden age and christian iconography, she is a leading expert in the work of francisco de zurbaran. in this text she writes about the master from extremadura and makes a path of her latest findings, which she includes in the reasoned and critic catalog who she has just published. ph.d., university complutense of madrid in the history section, he is professor of the central and the autonomous university of madrid and researcher at the scientific research council. his study of the triptych of saint john the baptist was used to analyze the unknown work of pierre pourbus preserved in spain. doctor of philosophy. he has been until recent months the general director of fine arts at the spanish ministry of culture. in these pages, he investigates the figure of the french painter pierre soulages, whose retrospective can be visited today in the pompidou center in paris. she directed the painting section of the documentation service of the orsay museum for years and she is currently responsible for the library of the institution. during the exhibition on the impressionists on display in madrid, she recalls the artistic vitality of the parisian official salons of the period. he is one of the most important specialists of caravaggio, artemisa gentileschi and the caravaggian painting but, his recent monograph about the roman period of jos de ribera has been a revolution for the spanish art history. in his article, he explains the process to get to this discovery.
__label__math	0.8723	production still from "time" originally appeared on art21.org, art21, inc. . . view the discussion thread. art21, inc. . . art21 is a 501 c non-profit organization; all donations are tax deductible to the fullest extent of the law.
__label__math	0.9630	from the art and popular culture encyclopedia the fact-value distinction is a concept used to distinguish between arguments that can be claimed through reason alone and those in which rationality is limited to describing a collective opinion. in another formulation, it is the distinction between what is can be discovered by science, philosophy or reason and what ought to be a judgment which can be agreed upon by consensus . the terms positive and normative represent another manner of expressing this, as do the terms descriptive and prescriptive, respectively. positive statements make the implicit claim to facts e.g. water molecules are made up of two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom , whereas normative statements make a claim to values or to norms e.g. water ought to be protected from environmental pollution .
__label__non_math	1.0000	stock illustration and design elements should help you to create better graphic design on a limited budget. the trouble is, most stock illustration collections are priced beyond the reach of smaller jobs, and buying a large collection just to get a few elements can eat up your profits. not the usual royalty-free clip art, artbitz stock illustration design offers a unique and affordable solution for graphic design professionals. all artbitz images are reasonably priced, so you can use our stock images on any budget. we offer our small collections of stock illustration targeted to specific themes, collections featuring illustrations with matching background and border themes, and larger volumes of design essentials...design elements that belong in every designer's toolbox. all at prices that are within remember artbitz the next time you have a tight deadline and an even tighter budget back to topwhy we go to great lengths to ensure that the stock art you receive meets the highest standards by offering features that typically cost you a premium: paths, no strokes by converting all stroked illustrations to paths, you get files that are easy to modify, color, and scale with none of the problems associated with stroked many of our stock art design tools feature hand-edited white outline background fields which allow you to easily place them over other artwork or backgrounds and maintain good separation. artbitz stock illustrations are available for both mac os and windows, and are sent as eps format files that you can modify or scale to any size. back to topwhy all artbitz stock illustrations are downloaded after purchase. file sizes are kept to roughly -2mb compressed. if you require a different method of delivery, please contact artbitz before purchasing, and we will work out as you shop, add products to your shopping cart by clicking the 'mac' or 'pc' button. click on the shopping cart icon and view your cart from anywhere on the site. to remove a product from your cart, just click the trash can icon next to the product name. you are under no obligation to purchase until you click 'submit' during the checkout process. when you are done shopping, click 'checkout' to begin the purchasing process. after reading the licensing agreement, you will enter your billing information as it appears on your credit card statement as well as the e-mail address where you wish to receive your receipt. artbitz accepts visa and mastercard. next, you proceed to the confirm order screen to check your order. if the information is correct, click note: click 'submit' only once, or your order will be billed multiple times. if this happens accidently, contact artbitz and the additional charges will be voided. your artbitz purchase will appear on your credit card statement a payment to "may design" which is the parent company of artbitz. after submitting your order, you will receive an e-mail receipt of your stock art purchase, and a link to download your purchase. the download link will also appear in your email receipt. download links are active for hours from the time of purchase. save this file to your hard disk, expand the file using stuffit or unzip, and your images are ready important:should you receive an error message and try again. occasionally an error occurs because of a time-out during the credit card approval process. if you receive this error message, artbitz will be notified as well, and we will manually e-mail your files if you have not already received a download link. back to topwhy
__label__non_math	0.9999	new york, ny.- sothebys announce the estate of eduardo chillida is bringing a selection of the late artists monumental works to market for the first time since the spanish sculptors death in . twelve large-scale pieces conceived for the outdoors will be offered for sale from january through april through a single-artist exhibition of monumental sculptures at isleworth golf country club in windermere, florida. the natural splendor of isleworth makes the community an ideal venue to showcase the works of chillida who used natural surroundings as integral and inextricable elements of his sculptures. alma luxembourg, european director of private sales, contemporary art at sothebys says, it is a real honor to present to the market this fantastic group of works by eduardo chillida. it is the second single-artist selling exhibition sothebys holds at isleworth, following the resounding success of the bernar venet retrospective in . there has long been great interest in chillidas work from around the world and his major works have rarely appeared on the market. to have monumental sculptures directly from the artists estate is a truly unique opportunity that we believe will attract attention as monumental as the works themselves. luis chillida, eduardo chillidas son and spokesperson for the family, explains: we are delighted to have this opportunity of presenting our fathers work at sothebys isleworth exhibition. our father was very concerned about the setting in which his sculptures were to be displayed. the verdant and expansive grounds of isleworth are in many ways similar to those of his museum chillida-leku, and we are certain that he would have found this a perfect place to showcase his work and we believe a sale in an international venue is the most appropriate way to further our fathers legacy. considered one of the leading sculptors of the 20th century, eduardo chillida achieved international recognition from the start of his career in the late 1940s and early 1950s thanks to his critically acclaimed exhibition at the may salon in paris and the grand prize for sculpture at the venice biennale in . his first retrospective exhibition in the united states took place in at the museum of fine arts in houston. he rapidly gained a strong following throughout the united states and europe. chillidas works are on public display in many cities around the world including berlin, dallas de m sica, dallas xv , dusseldorf, frankfurt, grenoble, helsinki helsinki , houston, madrid, munich, san sebastian, and washington, d.c. chillidas oeuvre has long been recognized as groundbreaking in the field of sculpture and his works are part of permanent collections in more than museums in europe, america, asia and south america. following his formative years in paris and the creation of his own sculptural language in plaster and stone, chillida returned to his homeland in spains basque country where he forged his first work in iron in at a local foundry. from the onset, chillidas work has been abstract yet generally follows various themes relating to space and its limitations. there is a clear visible continuum to his output through the years, evidenced by his use of steel and iron, stone, alabaster, wood, terracotta and paper, sometimes in small format and other times in medium or large scale. each of the works in this exhibition was executed in his mature period and some, as in the case of estela xviii, are his final explorations on a theme. in the latter years of his life, he devoted much of his time to the creation of eponymous museum in hernani, in the verdant rolling hillside bordering his native san sebatian piene del viento . luis chillida, explains: we are excited to reach a wider international audience through this exhibition which coincides with the 10th anniversary of chillida-lekus inauguration. with this opportunity, we fulfill one of our fathers wishes: to hold an outdoor exhibition of his monumental creations in the united states." alexandra schader, director of modern and contemporary art, sothebys spain: " we feel fortunate to be able to bring these works to the market. chillidas work is highly sought after the world over and we are thrilled that his heirs have found the spectacular backdrop of isleworth an ideal setting for his monumental pieces. its a privilege for sothebys spain to bring forward one of the countrys most internationally renowned artists. for several months, we have worked closely with the family curating this truly unique exhibition and are grateful to them for the trust they have deposited in us to put forward such masterpieces.
__label__non_math	0.9981	tourcoing.- proximity and evidence make us blind: france is unaware of the inventiveness, the diversity and the current creative agitation of some of our closest neighbours. however, for the northern region, with the abc exhibition of belgian contemporary art, there is real fraternity, a cultural permeability which, paradoxically, has not erased the borders in the way that, for example, american, german and even japanese artists have done in favour of fashion and the art market. in many respects, belgium has made an impact on all the current artistic disciplines: dance, theatre and the visual arts which including the invented forms where these practices merge. collectors and amateurs in belgium have been essential in accompanying this contemporary effervescence. abc is an exhibition that does not claim to be a comprehensive portrayal of the diversity of the contemporary scene in belgium. the disciplines most particularly taught and practiced at le fresnoy have formed the criteria of priority for selection purposes: photography, film, video, installation, performance and choreography. and these are the exact areas where belgium has recently been excelling, drawing from its inheritance of documentary film devoted to other disciplines - in this the work of jeff cornelis continues to maintain the tradition, - through experimental film with his legendary festival in knokke-le-zoute in a specific anarcho-dadaist tradition and finally quite simply with poetry of "beyond-the-limit" attitudes which, in the past, gave rise to spectacular provocations. "i think that flemish and walloon artists are not particularly affected by internationalism. belgium is possibly an artwork itself, and like every good artwork, it is a disappearing exercise which will continue to fascinate us and defy us."this is what jan fabre said one day and i retain two words that form a dumbfounding paradox, symbolist even: fascination and defiance. and we know how important art and symbolist poetry was for belgian art, characteristics that continue to irrigate the most radical current practice. further more, the exhibition is based on the hypothesis - and this was another factor of selection in the itinerary of the exhibition - that belgium is probably the only country to perpetuate the cohabitation and mutual influence of two currents generally taken to be contradictory in post- art: a conceptual, minimal trend and a post-dadaist trend with pranks verging on burlesque idiocy. it is a fragile country on the verge of implosion, drawn towards the idea of disappearing some say with an anarcho-poetical complacency that has become a clich . in the last thirty years in belgium there has been an exciting emergence of artists who do not wish to implode or disappear. a vitality based on a tradition of impertinence, provocation and nourished by the powerful and persistent belief in poetry, including the conjugation of visual forms where writing is the driving force. symbolism, surrealism and minimalism form a specific trinity of which there is no equivalent in europe and which forms the framework of abc.
__label__non_math	1.0000	santa fe, nm.- eight modern announced its upcoming exhibition, jan adlmann: latter-day faberg . jan ernst adlmann is a santa fe resident well-known as a former museum director and curator, lecturer and writer, whose strange and wonderful sculptures have attracted a strong following over the past ten years. while zany is a word that almost always falls flat, it seems almost muted when used to discuss the tremendous enthusiasm that courses through adlmanns inventive creations. for this exhibition, adlmann will present both new work and a selection of past favorites on loan from some of his collectors in new mexico. i thought it would be fun to wear two different hats, selecting twelve pieces of mine from past shows as a curator, and creating the other half of the show as an artist, adlmann said. adlmann spent many years as an art museum director and organizer of international exhibitions, before returning to santa fe and emerging as an artist a decade ago. as one might expect from an art historian, he creates art inspired by renaissance wunderkammers, or cabinets of curiosities rooms dedicated to eclectic collections of art and curiosities. or, as adlmann describes them, the keen collector strove to assemble the world and all it has brought forth, with the first emphasis always being on the strange and unnatural. adlmann grew up in the fishing town of rockland, maine, the same town as famed sculptor and assemblagist louise nevelson, thus, from his childhood, and from early acquaintance with nevelson and her work, he was predisposed to the use of found materials in art. while adlmann always felt frustrated when painting or drawing during his years as a museum director i had so much information on one side of the brain that told me that, say, matisse did it better once he started working with found objects himself, he finally had a medium that allowed him to fashion his own art objects. it is liberating and gratifying and stimulating, because it is a different outlet for my creativity besides writing, adlmann said. this is something entirely from left field, all instinctual and unpretentious. adlmann also draws on a fascination with the history and technology of the manhattan project and los alamos, n.m., where he acquires many of the high-tech, cast-off materials used in his art. the curiosities i have assembled from found material are, i hope, either just that, or just thingamajigs that demonstrate how change of context, change of purpose and odd juxtapositions, when manipulating almost any materials, can sometimes result in consternation, delight or befuddlement, adlmann writes. it can take years for one of the artists finds to work its way into an assemblage, as adlmann is constantly trying different combinations of items. most recently, he has taken a particular interest in the famously imaginative, luxury jewelers, such as faberg . adlmanns credentials are as impressively diverse as his materials. author of the book, contemporary art in new mexico, adlmann is a former assistant director of the guggenheim museum in new york. he has also served as director at the vassar college art gallery, the long beach museum of art, the tampa art museum and the wichita art museum. he earned his m.a. in art history from new york university and also studied at the university of california and the universities of berlin and vienna. the artist has had solo exhibitions in santa fe at fred kline and lewallen contemporary and also was granted a residency at viennas museums-quarter compound. his deepest area of expertise is in 19th and 20th century european art. adlmann has organized many international exhibitions, including a show of new mexican artists for site santa fe and vienna moderne: at the smithsonian cooper-hewitt museum in , for which austria presented him with its knights cross decoration. adlmanns annual lecture series through the new mexico museum of art has gained an enthusiastic following. he often lectures internationally and has contributed to major publications such as art in america, art news and museum news.
__label__non_math	0.9999	grant yourself access to the market knowledge of the professionals: please login to use artfacts.net services after successfull login, you will be redirected to the previous page. your current login status is shown on the top left information bar as well as on the right column. if available you can access our administration interface via the information bar.
__label__non_math	1.0000	baked food contemporary posters and art prints you are looking on artflakes for baked food of the categories: contemporary here you find poster, art prints, prints on canvas and greeting cards about . works that are tagged with baked food only make up a small part of our range of high quality art works of course on contemporary baked food items we offer customer satisfaction guarantee as well. images per page:
__label__non_math	0.9977	about canvas prints canvas prints from artflakes are available in up to four different sizes. hand-crafted in germany, we use only use the best quality canvas carefully stretched over a solid wood frame. high-definition ink gives stunning clarity. with wall mounts attached, your canvas arrives ready to hang. we love our art prints, but if you're not satisfied with the results, we offer a money-back guarantee.
__label__non_math	0.9748	we ve all been in the same situation we re leisurely sitting in our homes watching television or catching up with some work on our computers when suddenly the lights throughout the house go out. before you can scream blackout , there are a few things you as a homeowner can do if your home loses power. follow these tips from kim hancock of mike counsil electric in san jose on what to do when your home loses power. knowing the difference between a power overload and a full blackout can help you determine whether you should call a san jose residential electrician. before picking up that phone, make sure to check for the following indicators. - check the circuit breaker to make sure it is not just a blown fuse. - pay attention to what the service panel looks like and if there is any deterioration or moisture in the system. - if there has been an increase in the amount of amps used, it could indicate an improperly working system rather than a blackout. - another indication of a faulty system is if the outlets feel warm. - check where the blow out occurred. if it is localized to a specific room or area, it indicates a blow fuse rather than damage to the whole electrical system. - if there has been any flickering in the lights or appliances in the days leading up to the loss of power, or an increased energy bill in recent months, this could indicate a faulty system that has been overloaded. since energy is not being used properly, it starts to drain the system and increases the overall amount of energy you use. the signs above could indicate a system overload due to a faulty set-up, an older system, or an improperly wired electrical structure. a system overload is less serious than a fully blown system or a total blackout, which means that it is not always necessary to call a san jose electrician. if the loss of power is not as simple as indicated above, call a san jose residential electrician to fix and analyze your system. whether the loss of power is due to a neighborhood-wide surge, or your own faulty electrical system, making certain that your home is safe is of the highest priority. improper wiring and faulty electrical systems can be dangerous and lead to an increased fire risk. to protect your home and keep its electrical system safe, contact a san jose residential electrician when you lose power or if you suspect anything is not working properly. having peace of mind for your home and the convenience of an efficient system is not something you should gamble with. mike counsil electric o toole way san jose, ca
__label__non_math	1.0000	rich beige and navy wrap hijab woven in a plaid pattern accented with metallic silver lurex . light and breathable fabric that is soft, cool, not slippery and drapes beautifully. generously sized, with all around tasseled ends. - viscose, lurex - 40x40in. 100x100 cm not including in. .cm. fringe - lightweight and airy - dry clean
__label__non_math	1.0000	don't have an account yet? click here to create an account. with a free account, you'll be able to access all the features of artperk. artperk is always free try it out - creating an account is free and easy, and there's absolutely no obligation artperk accepts google checkout for our premium listings. all other services are free
__label__non_math	0.9994	jake bugg cardiff university this boy's the silent type, and mike lewis headed to see him on his biggest uk tour to date this evening see s hundreds of jake bugg fans swarm to cardiff university in order to eagerly watch the him headline his first uk tour and first show in wales since the release of his critically acclaimed debut album. the past months have been consistently busy for the teen wonder jake bugg, notching up a number one debut album, toured with the likes of noel gallagher and the killers, nominated for a brit award and has even been spotted in the front row during london fashion week. as we walk towards the venue the first thing we notice is that the touts are not trying to sell us tickets, the gig s sold out, and there s talk of tickets selling for each, arguably not bad for an -year-old with an acoustic guitar and a handful of songs to his name. since the release of his eponymous album in october last year, bugg has become the headliner and no longer the support. as the lights go down, cardiff university is packed to the walls as the venue starts to buzz with excitement. when jake bugg walks onto stage the welsh crowd erupt with a welcoming cheer, backed by a bassist and drummer, he boldly opened with fire , a mellow acoustic number, before the audience turn ecstatic. demonstrating indie and folk music at its best, jake bugg performed crowd favourites from his taste it ep such as kentucky and love me the way you do , preceding a crowd-pleasing sing-along of his debut single trouble town . moody lighting and strobe effects helped bring alive the brooding ballad of mr. jones , and acoustic versions of the heartfelt someone told me and country song were among the night s highlights. despite the brilliance of the show, jake bugg is not one for crowd banter, he preferred to let his electric guitar do the talking and undoubtedly saved the best until last in the shape of a scintillating triple-whammy of the brain-naggingly catchy two fingers , taste it and lighting bolt . after leaving the stage for a brief encore, jake bugg returned to a thunderous reaction from the crowd before concluding the show with a unique and unsuspected cover of jonny cash s folsem prison blues , causing the biggest sing-along of the night. as the house lights shine signalling the end of the show, his hero don mclean s american pie sent the crowd on their way a nice touch to an amazing show.
__label__non_math	1.0000	proactive disclosure of contracts over ,000 fiscale year - 3rd quarter n.b.: the contract date represents the date that the contract is recorded in the departmental financial system. - date modified:
__label__non_math	0.9994	jim jennings, 703 295-, 540 272-, jjennings tuesday, new data released today by the american society of civil engineers asce and trip show the deteriorating conditions of the surface transportation infrastructure system in ohio is worsening, and drivers and businesses continue to feel the impact. closing the investment gap in the state s surface transportation infrastructure will grow ohio s economy, save jobs and protect personal income. failing to invest in ohio s roads, bridges and transit systems has a dramatic negative impact on the state and national economy, said andrew w. herrmann, p.e., president of asce. this data underscores the need for state and national policymakers to make smart, long-term investments in infrastructure. by , asce projects the consequences of these conditions will cost the u.s. economy billion in exports as transportation costs rise. the recent surface transportation bill adopted by congress addresses spending in only the next two years, and it doesn t fill the current funding gap. while addressing ohio s need for a safe, efficient and well-maintained transportation system will require a significant boost in investment, failing to act will result in even greater costs, said will wilkins, executive director of trip. smart investments in transportation policies relieve traffic congestion, improve road and bridge conditions and enhance economic productivity. due to the underinvestment in transportation in the great lakes region, data from asce shows that by productivity losses will cause the region to underperform by 108 billion if no action is taken. ohio s roads, bridges and transit systems keep our economy moving, said chris runyan, president, ohio contractors association. investing in key projects not only improves highway conditions in our state, but also creates good paying jobs. the latest information from the federal highway administration fhwa shows pavement has severe deterioration in ohio, and the effects of the conditions are acute: - vehicle travel on ohio s highways increased by percent from to . ohio s population grew by seven percent between and . - forty-five percent of ohio s major urban highways are congested, and - percent of ohio s major urban roads are in poor or mediocre condition. - driving on roads in need of repair costs ohio motorists 315 per motorist. - twenty-four percent of ohio s bridges ,381 are structurally deficient or functionally obsolete. our highways, roads and bridges are real economic drivers for the state, said kevin carpenter, director at wd transportation, an inter-disciplinary engineering firm that provides services for ohio government agencies, municipalities and counties. having worked on over 100 infrastructure projects in ohio, i ve seen first-hand the benefits of investing in our transportation system. bad roads mean big problems for businesses in ohio considering percent of the billion worth of commodities delivered annually from sites in ohio is transported by trucks on the state s highways, and an additional percent is delivered by parcel, u.s. postal service or courier, which use multiple modes, including highways. investing in high quality roads and bridges is important to our state s quality of life, said david pritchard, civil engineer and consultant. our roads and bridges connect businesses to commerce and people to their loved ones as they move across our state and throughout the country. founded in , the american society of civil engineers asce represents more than 140,000 members of the civil engineering profession worldwide and is america's oldest national engineering society. for more information go to founded in , trip is a nonprofit organization that researches, evaluates and distributes economic and technical data on surface transportation issues. trip promotes transportation policies that relieve traffic congestion, improve road and bridge conditions, improve air quality, make surface travel safer and enhance economic productivity.
__label__non_math	0.9980	the third version of fire and water game series in which you need to pull the limits of your intelligence. enter the game menu by clicking on "play" button after game's been loaded. if you want to skip the introduction section, clicking on the "skip" button found on the top right corner. your target in the game to dominate the blue and red heroes in turn in order to reach the finish line. heroes must help each other to complete objectives. use "z" key to make selection and put to sleep. also use "x" or "space" key to jump it up. use the heroes respectively and pass the sections. asgames.net hopes you have fun. go to two player games
__label__non_math	0.9817	hi. i'm becoming more and more concerned about possibly having genital herpes. i was hoping someone could possibly help me before i make up my mind to go to the doctor and get tested. thanks in advance for your time. heres my situation: i'm years old and i've been suffering from little pimple like bumps around my genitals for the last -years. they are almost exactly like pimples. they start out as little red bumps, that are sore, eventually come to a head, and then either i pop it or it pops on its own. a little yellowish or wite fluid comes out, and then it goes down. it becomes less sore, and eventually is completely gone in about two days after it's popped. i have never had more then one at a time. i rarely have more then in one month, but sometimes i have none for a month or two. i've never really thought it was more then just having a pimple in an odd place, until a friend of mine was diagnosed with herpes herself, and was telling me some of her symptoms. i've never had any problem with being sick, or anything that wasn't explained with another condition. i would go to the doctor and get tested if i really did think it was possible for me to have herpes, but i have a reason not to. i didn't even get my first kiss until i was . i was a virgin until about a month before my 19th birthday. and i don't mean i just had my hymen, i had never had any kind of sexual contact with anyone consentually. i add consentually, because there has been one time where i was touched in a sexual mannor before i was . i was molested when i was years old by a family member, but it was very brief and happened once. i don't want to go into detail, but unless you can contract herpes from someone touching your labia with their hand, then i don't know how i could have it. sorry for the long, almost rant, but i've been becoming more and more concerned with this for the last couple of weeks. does this sound like herpes? could i have gotten it when i was ? are there any other things i could possible have, or am i just turning this into more then it should be? any information or advice will be greatly appreciated.
__label__non_math	0.9973	in january we decided that due to the continued progress and development of the company we should sign up for the environmental standard, iso :. was a tough year for most of us and as a company ashford has finally felt the turndown with a reduction in turnover, the first drop in years of trading. this year is looking much better however, with new orders already topping the 5m mark for . the line up of prestigious projects starts with the francis crick institute formally known as the ukcmri the united kingdom centre for medical research and innovation . the francis crick institute is an interdisciplinary medical research facility currently being built in the heart of london by laing o'rourke and funded by a consortium of six of the uk's most successful scientific and academic organisations the medical research council, cancer research uk, the wellcome trust, ucl university college london , imperial college london and king's college london. the project represents an investment of 650m and when complete will employ ,500 staff, including ,250 scientists and have an operating budget of over 100 million. other secured projects include the 520m build fifty-four storey leadenhall building aka the cheese-grater ; fenchurch street aka the walkie-talkie , the storey "building with more up top"; the 600m heathrow terminal t2b, which will add new aircraft stands and ,000 cubic metres of retail, cip lounges and ops accommodation as part of the 2bn investment by baa; an 80m private hospital in maidstone for the kent institute of medicine and surgery kims ; blackfriars tower, the first phase of the 70m development at 240 blackfriars road; and last but not least, phase two of the royal london hospital, part of the 1bn barts and the london redevelopment. finally, as always, i would like to take this opportunity to thank all our staff for their continued commitment and support, without whose hard work we would not be the successful company we are roger j carlin this year saw ashford venturing into supercross, sponsoring a young lad from kingsfold west sussex with aspirations to be the best in the sport. jake collins, son of richard collins, a project manager for phoenix electrical is only years old, but is already making an impression in the sport.
__label__non_math	1.0000	ashley stewart is the premier fashion retailer for the plus-size urban woman plus-sizes -. ashley stewart is truly an eclectic mix. it is fashion-forward, sexy inspirational. our fashion mix includes plus-size jeans as well as the perfect pant, plus-size tops, and plus-size bottoms, accessories, plus-size dresses, plus-size denim, and sizes to . experience the butterfly bra. ashley stewart emphasizes trendy fashion for the plus-size woman of style. great fashion, great value, great service...ashley stewart.
__label__non_math	0.9988	the nature elephant the karen people have always lived naturally in the forest, and, for many generations have relied on elephants to help them. because elephants are ideal for carrying heavy loads they are essential for transportation through rural areas, and, more recently, for carrying tourists. the karen people simply would not survive without them. the karen people have always used elephants to help carry them through dense parts of the jungle which would be difficult on foot, such as down steep hills to fetch water from the creek, or carrying heavy bags of rice from the fields to the barn. what is little effort for an elephant would be a huge amount of labour to manage an elephant and gain its trust requires knowledge, love and understanding. this is why the karen people look after their elephants so well, and only certain members of the karen family are trained enough to do this. some of them call elephant-care a kind of black magic, and this black magic is passed down through families. part of the skill of caring for elephants is to ensure the elephant is listened to. karen legend has it that if a female elephant is ignored, it is likely that her eggs will become infected, and therefore she will not be able to continue the elephant family. this serious consequence acts as a grave warning to those handling elephants. a sense of duty, honor and patience are as important to the elephant as they are to the karen people as a whole. the legend of chang karen this is a story about how elephants became so important in the life of the karen hill tribe. the legend goes that once upon a time, there were two brothers living in the forest. one day, their mother needed to leave home for a business, so instructed the two boys to look after the house, be good, and by no means split open the bamboo tree, as it contained many flies. being the mischievous boys they were, as soon as their mother was out of sight, they crept up to the forbidden bamboo and cracked it open, curious to see what would happen. immediately, the room was filled with flies, two of which flew up into each of the boys' noses. panicking, the boys didn't know what to do. soon, they felt their bodies changing. their legs began to itch, and grow longer and wider. their heads began to swell, until they felt the size and shape of footballs. their noses grew longer and their bodies became heavier and more clumsy. when their mother returned home, she was shocked to see what had happened to her sons. she offered them cooked rice, but they turned it down with a slow shake of their large heads, their noses swinging from side to side. they were still growing, and were too ashamed of their bad behaviour to eat. the mother offered them water, but they did not want to drink it. soon, when the sons had grown too big for the house, and could now only walk on four legs, they left the house to find grass. this was all they felt like eating. very soon the word spread, and people came from all over the valley to see the mutated boys. their tongues had become too big for them to speak, so the sons had stopped talking. as if to compensate, their ears grew large so they cold hear very, very well. they had become elephant-boys. one day, some workers came to see if the elephant-boys could help them carry heavy loads. they gave them wood and lead them to their workshops, and the elephant-boys were calm and obedient. the workers realised that what was a huge job for them, was little effort for these giant elephant boys. and life continued this way for many generations. this is the remarkable story of how elephants and humans came to work together in harmony, explaining how they can exist together in the forest. elephants and the karen hill tribe people deep in the rich forests of northern thailand, in the bowl of a green valley, lies the karen hill tribe community. making the most of their natural surroundings, this tribe has managed to forge an incredibly simple life in the forest using no modern machinery or medicine. they need only the trees, plants, animals, and are especially reliant on the mighty elephant. the karen people have a strong bond with elephants: their self-sufficient lifestyles are surprisingly similar, and intertwining. wild elephants play a very important role in the karen way of life, as well as the relationships of valley inhabitants, and the magic of the valley.
__label__non_math	0.9467	this supplier is not asianproducts certified member and has not completely uploaded certificates. certifications are the one way to make sure suppliers and their products are legal. however, if you wish to cooperate with some suppliers that you do not yet know deeply, asianproducts would like to share some safe trading tips with you: - . do not make any bank transfers directly to a private account. - . we recommend buyer to use asianproduc audit report service to investigate the supplier. - . try to use an escrow service. when you make a payment, escrow will hold the money until you receive your items and are satisfied with the quality, then the money gets transferred to the supplier. asianproducts service team
__label__non_math	0.9941	your search for c919 found the following documents of documents searched : displaying documents -of , with best matches first: - . comac c919 enters final design definition phase comac c919 enters final design definition phase. commercial aircraft corporation of china comac has completed the preliminary design phase of the c919 large commercial airliner and is now entering into the final design definition phase. the c919 is scheduled for entry into commercial service in . comac is displaying models of the new c919 and the arj21 regional aircraft at as - . boc aviation and comac sign lca for c919 aircraft boc aviation and comac have signed a launch customer agreement for c919 aircraft. boc is the 11th launch customer for the c919 which now has a order log of 235 aircraft. this is the latest lca signed since the c919 entered into the detailed design phase at the end of last year. - . ryanair and comac sign c919 mou ryanair has signed a memorandum of understanding with comac to participate in discussions on the development of the comac c919 aircraft for ryanair, which would be designed to carry up to 200 passengers and should be available from onwards. - . comac and boeing sign collaboration agreement commercial aircraft corp. of china comac and boeing have signed a collaboration agreement to partner in areas that will enable commercial aviation industry growth in china and potentially around the world. this is the first collaboration agreement between comac, which is building the new c919 jet and arj21 regional jet, and boeing, which this year celebrates its 40th anniversary - . hd videos from asian aerospace hd videos from asian aerospace . at the asian aerospace that took place in hong kong earlier this month, we took a variety of different videos including interviews with some of the industries top vips, a few snapshots of planes to come and some interesting videos showcasing the impressive and luxury interior of some of the best private jets in the world. - . asian aerospace to take place in march asian aerospace to take place in march. asian aerospace has decided to change its dates to -march. organiser reed exhibitions, has said it will also expand and reshape its business aviation content at the adjacent hong kong business aviation centre. - . singapore airlines to increase fuel surcharge singapore airlines to increase fuel surcharge. singapore airlines is to increase its fuel surcharge for tickets issued on or after march , as a result of the continued escalation in the price of jet fuel. the price of jet fuel is now above us per barrel, which is the highest in two years. - . cathay pacific orders boeing 777-300ers cathay pacific orders boeing 777-300ers. hong kong-based cathay pacific has ordered boeing 777-300er extended range airplanes valued at .billion at list price. cathay pacific first announced its selection of the 777-300er for its fleet requirements in . with this order, cathay pacific will increase its boeing 777-300er planned fleet from to including leased documents -of displayed. results pages: see other recent news regarding:
__label__math	0.9094	towards a model of information scatter: implications for search and design suresh k. bhavnani and frederick a. peck asis t annual meeting - asis t austin, texas, november -, recent studies suggest that users often retrieve incomplete healthcare information because of the complex and skewed distribution of facts across relevant webpages. to understand the causes for such skewed distributions, this paper presents the results of two analyses: a distribution analysis discusses how facts related to healthcare topics are scattered across high-quality healthcare pages. a cluster analysis of the same data suggests that the skewed distribution can be explained by the existence of three page profiles that vary in information density, each of which play in important role in providing comprehensive information of a topic. the above analyses provide clues towards a model of information scatter which describes how the design decisions by individual webpage authors could collectively lead to the scatter of information as observed in the data. the analyses also suggest implications for the design of websites, search algorithms, and search interfaces to help users find comprehensive information about a topic.
__label__non_math	0.9925	you're in the market for a heavy duty lawn mower, so you'll probably want to know about some different types. just what sort of lawn mower you're actually going to buy depends upon what sort of issues you need to address in your lawn. homeowners with acres and acres of regular grass that they need to mow on a weekly basis aren't going to need the same type of mower that people who own fields of wildflowers and weeds will need. before you go shopping for your heavy duty mower, you should determine what sort of mower you are in the market for. a little bit of research may save you time and money in the long run. ride-on lawn mowers if you have an enormous area of lawn to mow, but that enormous area is carpeted with regular, old grass, then you are probably in the market for a ride-on lawn mower. a ride-on lawn mower kind of looks like a small tractor. you ride aboard and cut your grass without breaking a sweat. ride-on lawn mowers are powered by gas. you drive them the same way you drive a go kart. they have keys, ignitions, gas pedals, brakes and steering wheels. you don't need a driver's license to operate one, and they don't go very fast so you can continue to make your teenager mow your lawn every week. scythe and rough grass mowers if you have a field of roughage or wildflowers that needs to be mowed, you need to buy a scythe and rough grass mower. under no circumstance should you attempt to mow roughage with a regular mower. the blades will get stuck and your lawn mower will be broken. in extreme cases, you could injure yourself. unfortunately, scythe and rough grass mowers need to be pushed along, so you can't mow your field in ease like the owners of ride-on mowers can.
__label__non_math	0.9960	here's a sneak peek at a vehicle we're willing to wait for. for the man who has so much money he wants to keep spending it after he dies, there's this. here's what you need to know. who doesn't like looking at pictures of expensive race cars? when it's released on leap day, you know it's special. and you thought green wasn't manly. here's a remembrance of things past - and a sneak peek at what's in store for . could be the year aston finally becomes accessible? before this baby is unveiled at the geneva motor show, we're giving you a sneak peek. this sleek concept proves the stereotypes wrong. this stylish suv is sleek, sexy and fully electric. want mpg for under k? if you like snow and badass rides, you'll love this. aston martin made this concours d'elegance model street legal. this sleek mercedes borrows its design from an unlikely source.
__label__non_math	1.0000	robin baintop women jeff vespa wireimage.com more robin bain pics why is she famous robin bain is just your typical beautiful girl with a liberal attitude toward sex who s also an ambitious and talented filmmaker. she first popped up on playboy s website as a "cyber girl" back in , and has since appeared in an interesting run of tv shows, b-movies and most impressively directed, wrote and starred in three respectable short films. like us, you ve probably stumbled across her, late on a saturday night, alone, six pints deep and fumbling with your remote. robin bain quote " yes, i have if you judge someone s sex appeal based purely on the size of their breasts, or how lithe their legs are, or how silky their hair is, robin bain is a knockout. but if you value things like drive, talent and good old-fashioned gumption, she s also fantastic. and if you re like us, you judge sex appeal both ways, and that makes this girl one to watch. in a career that spans almost a decade, robin bain s gone from short appearances on the larry sanders show to directing her own work, somehow toeing the line between campy comedy and provocative smut. she might, however, most likely brag that she was the first ever live actor to appear in seth green s hilarious pseudo-cartoon robot chicken.
__label__non_math	0.9998	why man u? askmen getty images "gathering together at old trafford must have given these people something of the sense of community that they had previously known in their villages." visiting manchester the other day, i was driving down a nondescript road past dreary shops and offices when i saw the top of a sports stadium poking into the gray sky. it was old trafford. team buses carrying soccer players from more glamorous cities such as barcelona have been known to echo with cries of disgust as they pull in here. the home of manchester united is rainy and underwhelming. the estimated 333 million humans who consider themselves united fans don t all know that manchester is a city in england, but many of those who do would probably be surprised to find just how mid-ranking a city it is. yet when united s american ruling family, the glazers, sold club shares in august, united was valued at .billion. that made it the world s most valuable sports franchise, ahead of real madrid and baseball s new york yankees, according to forbes. in short, united is bigger than manchester. so why on earth did this global behemoth arise precisely here? and how, in the last 134 years, has united shaped soccer, in england and now the world? when a soccer club was created just by the newish railway line in , the manchester location actually helped. the city was then growing like no other on earth. in it had been a tranquil little place of ,000 inhabitants, so insignificant that as late as it didn t have a member of parliament. the industrial revolution changed everything. workers poured in from english villages, from ireland, from feeble economies everywhere my own great-grandparents arrived on the boat from lithuania . by , manchester was europe s sixth-biggest city, with .million inhabitants. the club by the railway line was initially called newton heath, because the players worked at the newton heath carriage works of the lancashire and yorkshire railway company. they played in work clogs against other work teams. jim white s manchester united: the biography nicely describes the l yr workers as sucked in from all over the country to service the growing need for locomotives and carriages. life in manchester then was neither fun nor healthy, white writes. in some neighborhoods, average male life expectancy was just . this was still the same brutal city where a few decades before, karl marx s pal friedrich engels had run his father s factory. the conditions of the industrial city were so awful it inspired communism. my own great-grandparents lost two of their children to scarlet fever in manchester before moving on to much healthier southern africa. inevitably, most of these desperate early mancunians were rootless migrants. unmoored in their new home, many embraced the local soccer clubs. gathering together at old trafford must have given these people something of the sense of community that they had previously known in their villages. that s how the world s first great industrial city engendered the world s greatest soccer brand. next page
__label__non_math	1.0000	other country sites your recent searches your bag is empty free delivery worldwide new pick up from your local shop with we'll deliver your order to a local shop of your choice where it will await your collection. available at thousands of shops nationwide for standard delivery. uk standard: within working days free uk next day: order by weekdays or sunday - .or free if you spend over 100 uk evening next day delivery: order by midnight more info on international and uk delivery times the celebrities named or featured on asos.com have not endorsed recommended or approved the items offered on site asos.com ltd looks like you re in the us? visit your localized us site and shop in usd us sizing: if you continue we assume that you consent to receive all cookies on all asos websites.
__label__non_math	0.9999	by kevin asuncion jonathan greenblatt currently serves as the director of the impact economy initiative at the aspen institute and is the founder and former president of all for good our good works ogw , the open source, web-based initiative to engage more americans in service. it is the largest database of volunteer listings ever compiled and provides content to a wide range of government, nonprofit, and personal websites. jonathan is the former ceo of good worldwide and the co-founder of ethos brands, the business that launched ethos water, the premium bottled water that helps children around the world get clean water. jonathan served as vice president of global consumer products at starbucks coffee company following its acquisition of ethos in as well as joined the board of directors of the starbucks foundation. jonathan also has worked at the highest levels of public service. he developed international economic policy as an aide in the clinton white house and served on the technology and innovation working group of the obama-biden presidential transition team. he currently serves on the board of several leading nonprofit organizations including the jewish community foundation of los angeles, kaboom you are currently the director of the impact economy initiative at the aspen institute, can you tell us a little more about that? we are living through a period of history when forces such as globalization and technology have accelerated the pace of change to a breathtaking rate. in these turbulent times, as the country seeks new approaches to job creation and economic renewal, a number of experts increasingly acknowledge the relationship between national competitiveness, social impact and environmental benefit. an increasing number of people describe this emerging convergence as the "impact economy," a phenomenon that encompasses a wide range of sectors including community enterprises and clean tech as well as new fields such as affordable living and ethical brands. continue reading the full interview in its original posting at trailblazer for good.
__label__non_math	0.8840	empirical quality results in this section: today s magnet recognition process primarily focuses on structure and processes, with an assumption that good outcomes will follow. currently, outcomes are not specified, and are minimally weighted. there are no quantitative outcome requirements for ancc magnet recognition . recently lacking were benchmark data that would allow comparisons with best practices. this area is where the greatest changes need to occur. data of this caliber will spur needed changes. in the future, having a strong structure and processes are the first steps. in other words, the question for the future is not what do you do? or how do you do it but rather, what difference have you made? magnet-recognized organizations are in a unique position to become pioneers of the future and to demonstrate solutions to numerous problems inherent in our health care systems today. they may do this in a variety of ways through innovative structure and various processes, and they ought to be recognized, not penalized, for their inventiveness. outcomes need to be categorized in terms of clinical outcomes related to nursing, workforce outcomes, patient and consumer outcomes, and organizational outcomes. when possible, outcomes data that the organization already collects should be utilized. quantitative benchmarks should be established. these outcomes will represent the report card of a magnet-recognized organization, and a simple way of demonstrating excellence. nurses at aspirus provide the very best care by following the five magnet model components. for more information about these five components, and aspirus-specific initiatives that fall within these components, please follow the links in the diagram to the left.
__label__non_math	1.0000	fowler center to present allan harris band, feb. jonesboro fowler center will present the allan harris band on friday, feb. , at p.m. in riceland hall. harris is a world-class singer, guitarist and songwriter known for his interpretations of jazz standards, smooth vocals and versatile guitar playing which easily crosses genres, from jazz to rock to blues. kait8 is sponsor for this show. while in jonesboro, three of the band members also will conduct a workshop with jazz students in the a-state music department the morning of the concert. tony bennett calls allan my favorite singer and the new york times stephen holden raves about the protean talent that is allan harris. allan has performed for packed audiences and received outstanding reviews throughout the united states, europe, russia and the far east. a three-time winner of the new york nightlife award for outstanding jazz vocalist, allan is regularly featured at music festivals including jazz aspen, wien jazz festival in austria and the umbria jazz festival in italy. i try to sing the american songbook the way it s sung, the way the composers write the melodies, says harris. i go back and listen to the greats, like an ella fitzgerald tune, or a frank sinatra, or even a doris day version and try to listen to the way they nailed the song after i learn it that way, i put my own little flavor on it. harris band will perform selections from his albums open up your mind, long live the king, setting the standard and his latest cd, convergence, which was released on may last year. tunes performed will include plenty of standards like can t live my life without you, l-o-v-e, on the street where you live, hold you, my foolish heart, black coffee blues, fly me to the moon, and i ve got the blues. besides his jazz talents, harris album cross that river surprised many of his fans with its expression of the singer s deep passion for country music, horses and the history of the black cowboys in the american frontier. in the words of one jazz reviewer, harris is not afraid to forge new frontiers, to blend jazz and country styles, especially since it has forged stronger relationships with his audiences. harris and his band are passionate about educating today s younger audiences through their music. harris recently received a chamber music america grant, which allowed him to perform for students in schools starting in harlem, new york. all seating is reserved, and tickets may be purchased at the asu central box office in the convocation center, 217 olympic drive, jonesboro, or by calling 870 972-asu1 or toll-free 888 asu-fans 278- . tickets are also available online from the asu central box office, and from fowler center, 201 olympic dr. tickets are for adults, and for senior citizens and students, for faculty and staff, and for asu students with a current id. group discounts are available for groups of or more. for more details, contact dr. hymes at fowler center, firstname.lastname or 870 972-.
__label__non_math	0.9995	sedl journals journal of forensic sciences jofs citation page click here to download this paper now for view license agreement published online: october page count: paper id: jfs12477 astm international is a member of crossref.
__label__non_math	0.9518	purpose of the astro-databank wiki projectlois rodden and her cooperators, so that these data can be used for astrological research, for astrological publications and for serious astrological discussion. the access to the data for these purposes is free of charge. the right to copy and republish birth and event data records is granted to everyone, see astrodienst is committed to preserve the spirit of lois rodden and to continue her work. the astro-databank has been transformed into an open wiki project and is forming a community of data collectors and maintainers, who expand and maintain this uniquely valuable collection of astrological information. the astro-databank wiki is a read-only wiki. new user accounts for this wiki can only be created by administrators. editing rights are reserved for qualified editors. - public figures and mundane data: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z '762 - research data: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z '840 - private data: only accessible to staff members recent new additions please click on the link 'new pages' in the navigation box on the left. updates appear regularily, every few days. submitting new data or corrections for submitting new data from qualified sources, please send either email to email or use the astrodienst forum thread new candidates for astro-databank. for submitting corrections to existing entries, please use the same email address or the forum thread corrections of existing astro-databank entries. - handbook astro-databank:datacollector'shandbook - information for owners of astrodatabank .and astrodatabank .software - forum: there is a special astrodienst forum area for discussion of charts. the 'newsmaker' discussion of the previous astrodatabank.com website has been transfered there, and contains '000 user postings. - history: for the more recent history, please see the project description page, for the earlier history please see the rodden-isar databank. - copyright: please see the - registration: this is a currently a read-only wiki. registration as a user is not required, see also astro-databank:registration - bad astrology: see the page bad astrology. not everyone offering astrology is honest or benevolent.
__label__non_math	0.9999	scottish actress on film, tv and stage, onscreen from . she won the best supporting actress nomination in . ure married and divorced playwright john osborne and married actor-playwright robert shaw. she died from an accidental overdose of alcohol and tranquilizers on , a few hours after opening a new play in london. - death by accident od, age - work : gain social status best supporting actress nomination paul wright collection, b.c. - vocation : entertainment : actor actress film, tv and stage - notable : book collection : profiles of women - family : relationship : number of marriages two - family : relationship : number of divorces one, fron osborne - family : relationship : widowed from robert shaw - personal : death : accidental overdose of alcohol and tranquilizers
__label__non_math	0.6072	at first sight, with superficial reasoning, the rectification, or correction, of a given birth time seems appropriate and necessary: we certainly do need an exact and reliable basis for any astrological interpretation. however, none of the diverse methods of rectification provides the desired safety or assurance; each rests upon a shaky, theoretical basis. moreover, different techniques invariably lead to different results, from which, more or less arbitrarily, the "most fitting" eventually gets selected. i principally mistrust every rectification unless the difference from the given time only amounts to a couple minutes and or the chart's owner did it, after long-time observation. adjusting the birth time by several hours which isn't such an unusual practice is an absurdity. when this occurs, the thorough, imaginative rectifier tends to construct adventurous theories about the process of certification, about how and why the time could have been wrongly recorded or transmitted. parents and relations sometimes assist in producing such fantasies: the longer the period of adjustment, the more colorful are the myths that get built around the circumstances of the birth. when in doubt i always prefer to use the officially given time. although this may be considered as my natural capricornian reaction to authority, my primary reason is actually scientific objectivity. in germany, and in most other countries where the time of birth is routinely recorded, the personnel employed in hospitals, clinics and registrar's offices provide the most credible and authentic records. why should they be otherwise? in almost every case these times were recorded close to the actual birth, and they are neutral and unbiased. these institutions just aren't interested in providing misinformation. certainly, calculating the different birth time variants nourishes our demolished self-esteem; those long and complicated sequences of "hits" are really impressive, they strengthen our pride in what we do. the listings of close aspects look solid and grounded; they furnish our daily work with some scientific paint. the entries re-vitalize our ego so badly weakened by statistical failures since here we have unquestionable empirical data, concrete facts from the individual's biography gives us the illusion that our construct of knowing is provable; the demonstration makes it obvious to everyone that astrology is truly erected on reason, not on vague theories and speculations. yet, upon some closer inspection we are forced to realize that this kind of proof is a circular one; no statement can prove its own premise. fundamentally, a complete and whole paradigm like our ancient wisdom of the stars can be neither refuted nor denied from outside; therefore statistical investigations of astrology's truth inevitably have to fail. so why are we so desperate, why is our inner astrological self so heavily wounded, why do we need those attempts of legitimization? isn't it science that has to justify its thoughts and deeds in face of manifold ecological disasters? in astrology we can't equate symbol and event; that would be a false simplification of the archetypes' diversity and multiplicity. our system doesn't function according to a mathematical diagram of " b"; we don't have exact connections between cause and effect as there are in classical physics primordial principles, which are essentially multi-layered and ambiguous. as astrology's cosmic wisdom can never be grasped completely by anyone, it is my opinion that much more modesty would be appropriate. the study of astrology is a life-long process this is so for even the greatest teacher; the study of it doesn't come to an end. one can never know the exact meaning of any astrological configuration, its definite manifestation or outcome, no possibility can really be excluded - this being our "science's" most frustrating and most fascinating aspect some astrologers invest much time and energy 'correcting' birth times. wouldn't it make more sense to instead concentrate on an extensive study of the chart? in our field of knowledge "truth" always and only unveils itself intuitively, by way of an intense interrogation of a horoscope or person. the day's planetary configurations even when no birth time is available provide an abundance of material to discuss and consider. i suspect that those experts, who abstractly discuss at length questions of the right time, are actually avoiding the real-life situation of counseling: they are fleeing the encounter and confrontation with the client and his problems. furthermore, i suspect their interpretation ability have become poor filled with formulae and stereotypes , that they have lost their sensitivity and imagination. a final point even makes me angry: it seems those specialists in birth-time rectification are unable to handle astrology's implications of destiny. they subconsciously fail to accept facts simply put down "from above", they blasphemously usurp the creator's role. in a sort of obsession or psychic inflation, egotism they want to manipulate, to shake the tree of life; like the fates they want to direct the future's threads themselves, to feel life's currents running through their fingers - in doing so they are abusing their knowledge about the higher things. we should respect the existential powers that are intrinsically interwoven with astrology which isn't just a funny and tricky psychology and deal with them cautiously. subjects like health and death should not be played with. instead of stirring up the different birth times in a big pot, we should use the horoscope at hand and let it speak to us. richard vetter's website:
__label__non_math	0.9999	- justin maxwell should officially be activated today. - brett wallace is still in okc, for reasons known only to jeff luhnow. - with cj moving back to third, matt downs and scott moore will likely form a platoon at first for now. - jose altuve is the astros' "heart and hustle award" nominee.
__label__non_math	0.9698	publication and design services the purpose of this website is to acquaint the various offices, divisions, departments and colleges at asu with publication policies and procedures of the university. please refer to this site to answer questions that may arise regarding printing and or publishing requests. if you still have questions, contact the office of university communications. with the advent of desktop publishing, writing and designing publications such as brochures, newsletters, flyers, etc., is much easier. producing electronic digital media has been greatly simplified. making the production of materials easier is great, but the downside is that not everyone is a designer or has had training and or experience in producing materials. consequently, materials produced by the various colleges, departments, divisions and offices often have a look unto themselves that may or may not be consistent and in harmony with that of the rest of asu. as publications are one of the key marketing components of the university, it is important that they be used effectively. it is important to remember that the university must present a consistent, uniform and professional image. to ensure the university is represented in a consistent and effective manner and that all of the rules and regulations set down by university system of georgia board of regents are met, university communications serves as the supervising entity for all publications. this charge can be accomplished only if the proper steps are followed. aspire is asu's annual alumni magazine. to read the current issue of aspire, click here.
__label__non_math	1.0000	subtotal does not include shipping, discount or tax you must be logged in to add to your wishlists. complete this form to add this product to your wishlist complete this form to send a link of this product to a friend. your friend's email address will not be saved or shared and only used for this email your message was successfully sent. complete this form to receive an email when this item becomes available. your item has been added to your wishlist. create a personalized gift or a customized accessory for your office or home. enter your personalization details following the instructions below. choose font style you will now receive emails about special offers and new product notices from at-a-glance , day-timer , day runner
__label__non_math	0.9995	i realize there are also christian and jewish arabs. it's just cool to meet people who have broken away from islam, so i can hope. there's so much more pressure against apostasy, in the modern islamic culture. relatively speaking, my apostasy from catholicism was nothing. i'm originally from the suburbs of chicago, myself, but i never really learned anything about the muslim culture there. i was relatively sheltered, at the time. i think i was only vaguely aware of protestants, at the time, never mind whole other religions. welcome to this world of rationality, truth and peace, where common sense and science lead to freethinking wisdom --- as you know well as an atheist and freethinker. we invite you to make good friends by joining the busy group "origins: universe, astronomy, life, earth, humans, religion, gods, atheism, evolution, darwin..." with 700 discussion topics and over members.
__label__non_math	0.9993	- what is atheism - law politics - press information - christians take over interfaith army chapel in combat zone - press kit - : 'never forget' must include all victims - atheists advocate separation of church and state at dnc - congressman pete stark to speak at national convention - american atheists announces 50th anniversary logo design contest - american atheists announces harassment policy for conventions and conferences - american atheists jubilant over latest religion report - american atheists removes religious billboards from charlotte - former pastor now american atheists public relations director - former pastor teresa macbain new public relations director - italian judge luigi tosti acquitted - american atheists to protest bradford county, fl decalogue on may supporting civil rights for atheists and the separation of church and state atheism and the concept of enlightened self-interest "it is as impossible for a society to be formed and be durable without self-interest as it would be to produce children without carnal desire or to think of eating without appetite, etc. it is love of self that encourages love of others, it is through our mutual needs that we are useful to the human race. that is the foundation of all commerce, the eternal link between men. without it not a single art would have been invented, no society of ten people formed. - voltaire the rules of behavior are the same for the religious as they are for the rest of us, and when it comes to ethics, religion has nothing to do with how those rules govern human beings. ethics and morality come to us through the evolutionary process, and the only choice we have in the matter is how we act out. human emotion is contagious, and we feed off of the emotions of those who surround us and according to whatever experiences we are having, remembering or anticipating. we are happy when we are in joyful situations and we are sad when in miserable ones. as with many animals, we tend to form strong interpersonal bonds, but unlike many animals, we find ourselves being satisfied while simultaneously satisfying others. when one observes the social behavior of other primates, it soon becomes evident of our evolutionary moral and ethical behavior. the study of morality and ethics involve our problem solving mechanisms, and the only thing that makes this ethics and morality such controversial subjects is the complexity of today's world, mainly the infusion of religious belief into our societies. true enough, our heredity does control some of our general behavior, but our ability to think, reason and adaptively learn was activated by circuits that had been evolutionally hard-wired. our instincts sometimes serve us well, but life in the post-modern world renders our instincts more and more inadequate with each passing generation, and this difficulty is becoming exponential. just a couple thousand years ago we had no understanding where thunder and lightning came from, but today we are building complex machines such as the large hadron collider. however, ancient dogmas are still clung to with the tenacity of an angry pit-bull, in spite of the fact that the ten commandments are the moral counterpart of rubbing two sticks together to make fire. it is because so many of these superstitions are held to as reality that there is a general stagnation of adaptation amongst our species. propelling a two-million space shuttle into orbit required some change and adaptation to what we knew about mechanical flight. the same holds true with morality and ethics. religious morality as taught by the judeo christian belief system is a throwback to an early stage of our evolution as social beings. basically, we are trying to launch the space shuttle with a campfire the fact is that god can no longer be the source of morality. we must rely on enlightened self-interest. cooperating with others in a selfless, altruistic way to maximize the intensity and duration of personal gratification is a two-way street and demands reciprocity. this concept, along with justice to determines fairness, allows cooperation to operate at maximum efficiency. the desire for personal happiness, the happiness of others, justice and cooperation is the only moral and ethical formula that will allow the advancement of our species. religion and it's accompanying unnatural degradations, bigotries and intolerances are the result of vain attempts by ignorant men of long ago to accommodate human needs by basing moral and ethical behavior on the perceived commands and desires of mythical deities with bad attitudes. religious morality is counter-productive to the survival of our species. if we do not plant our ethics in the improvable and adaptable soil of science, natural selection and our own willful ignorance will insure our demise in short order. al stefanelli - georgia state director, american atheists, inc.
__label__non_math	1.0000	sports celebrities in classic '80s movie posters ever wonder what it would look like if sports stars starred in classic 80s movies? wonder no more by: athlon sports earlier this week, new england patriots wide receiver and world-renowned twitter addict chad ochocinco posted a new avatar featuring himself, tom brady and bill belichick photoshopped onto the movie poster for lethal weapon . as you can see, the results were spectacular. ochocinco has already dropped the avatar, but in honor of his work, we decided to update some other classic movie posters with the biggest stars in sports. by saul hutson most popular articles sign up for our newsletter get the latest news and find out what our athlon sports experts have to say each week. contests promotions athlon sports fantasy racing enter the athlon sports fantasy racing game. just head over to athlon.myfantasyracing.com and register for your chance to win a chance to watch a race from the grandstands. you'll also have a chance to win other amazing prizes such as an autographed kyle busch helmet.
__label__non_math	0.9991	the cia, the nsa, the fbi and all other three-letter, intelligence-gathering, secret-keeping agencies mimic and are modeled after secret societies. they gather and filter information by compartmentalizing the organization in a pyramid-like hierarchical structure keeping everyone but the elite on a need-to-know basis. the cia was born from the wwii intelligence arm, the oss office of strategic services , and was funded into permanence by the rockefeller and carnegie foundations, which donated million alone. nearly every person instrumental in the creation of the cia was already a member of the cfr, including the rockefellers and dulles brothers. in when the cia was still the oss, they began operation paperclip which brought over 700 nazi scientists directly into the forming cia, nsa, and other high-level government organizations. since it was illegal to even allow these nazis into the us, let alone into top-secret government agencies, the cia convinced the vatican to issue american passports for these 700 nazi scientists under the pretense that it was to keep them out of the hands of the russians. after wwii ended in , victorious russian and american intelligence teams began a treasure hunt throughout occupied germany for military and scientific booty. they were looking for things like new rocket and aircraft designs, medicines, and electronics. but they were also hunting down the most precious spoils of all: the scientists whose work had nearly won the war for germany. the engineers and intelligence officers of the nazi war machine. following the discovery of flying discs foo-fighters , particle laser beam weaponry in german military bases, the war department decided that nasa and the cia must control this technology, and the nazi engineers that had worked on this technology. there was only one problem: it was illegal. u.s. law explicitly prohibited nazi officials from immigrating to america--and as many as three-quarters of the scientists in question had been committed nazis. -operation paperclip casefile: new world order and nazi germany hundreds of nazi mind-control specialists and doctors who performed horrific experiments on prisoners instantly had their atrocious german histories erased and were promoted into high-level american jobs. kurt blome, for instance, was a high-ranking nazi scientist who experimented with plague vaccines on concentration camp prisoners. he was hired by the u.s. army chemical corps to work on chemical warfare projects. major general walter schreiber was a head doctor during nazi concentration camp prisoner experiments in which they starved, and otherwise tortured the inmates. he was hired by the air force school of medicine in texas. werner von braun was technical director of the nazi peenemunde rocket research center, where the germans developed the v2 rocket. he was hired by the u.s. army to develop guided missiles and then made the first director of nasa military intelligence cleansed the files of nazi references. by , more than 760 german scientists had been granted citizenship in the u.s. and given prominent positions in the american scientific community. many had been longtime members of the nazi party and the gestapo, had conducted experiments on humans at concentration camps, had used slave labor, and had committed other war crimes. in a expose in the bulletin of the atomic scientists linda hunt wrote that she had examined more than 130 reports on project paperclip subjects - and every one had been changed to eliminate the security threat classification. a good example of how these dossiers were changed is the case of werner von braun. a , report on the german rocket scientist stated, subject is regarded as a potential security threat by the military governor. the following february, a new security evaluation of von braun said, no derogatory information is available on the subject it is the opinion of the military governor that he may not constitute a security threat to the united states. -operation paperclip casefile: new world order and nazi germany shortly after operation paperclip came operation mockingbird, during which the cia trained reporters and created media outlets to disseminate their propaganda. one of project mockingbird s lead roles was played by philip graham who would become publisher of the washington post. declassified documents admit that over organizations and 400 journalists became cia assets which now include major names like abc, nbc, cbs, ap, reuters, time, newsweek and more. in the iranian coup classified as operation ajax was the cia s first successful overthrow of a foreign government. in iran parliament and prime minister dr. mohammed mosaddeq voted for nationalizing their oil industry which upset western oil barons like the rockefellers. on , cia director allen dulles transferred million more for helping their new government consolidate power. soon america controlled half of iran s oil production and american weapons merchants moved in making almost billion off iran in the next years. in the central intelligence agency working in tandem with mi6 overthrew the democratically-elected leader of iran dr. mohammed mosaddeq. mosaddeq had been educated in the west, was pro-america, and had driven communist forces out of the north of his country shortly after being elected in . mosaddeq then nationalized the oil fields and denied british petroleum a monopoly. the cia s own history department at cia.gov details how u.s. and british intelligence agents carried out terror attacks and then subsequently blamed them on mosaddeq the provocations included propaganda, demonstrations, bribery, agents of influence, and false flag operations. they bombed the home of a prominent religious leader and blamed it on moseddeq. they attacked mosques, machine-gunned crowds, and then handed out thousands of handbills claiming that moseddeq had done it dr. mohammed moseddeq, who was incarcerated for the duration of his life, fared better than any of his ministers who were executed just days after the successful coup for crimes that mi6 and the cia had committed. -alex jones, terrorstorm dvd in the cia performed its second coup d etat overthrow of a foreign democracy; this time it was guatemala, whose popular leader jacobo arbenz guzman, had recently nationalized .million acres of land for the peasants. before this, only . of guatemala s land-owners owned of the land, which included that of united fruit co. whose board of directors were friends with the dulles brothers and wanted to keep guatemala a banana republic. so once again the cia sent in propagandists and mercenaries, trained militia groups, bombed the capital, and installed their puppet dictator castillo armas, who the gave united fruit co. and the other . land-owners everything back. military dictators ruled guatemala for the next years killing over 100,000 citizens. guatemalan coroners were reported saying they could not keep up with the bodies. the cia called it operation success. the cia has overthrown functioning democracies in over twenty countries. -john stockwell, former cia official they always follow the same strategy. first, globalist interests are threatened by a popular or democratically elected foreign leader; leaders who help their populations nationalize foreign-owned industries, protect workers, redistribute wealth land and other such actions loved by the lower and middle-class majority, hated by the super-rich minority. next, the cia identifies and co-operates with opposition militia groups within the country, promising them political power in trade for american business freedom. then they are hired, trained and funded to overthrow the current administration through propaganda, rigged elections, blackmail, infiltration disruption of opposition parties, intimidation, torture, economic sabotage, death squads and assassinations. eventually the cia-backed militia group stages a coup and installs their corporate sympathizer-dictator and the former leaders are propagated as having been radicals or communists and the rest of the world is taught to shrug and view american imperialism as necessary world policing. the cia has now evolved this whole racket into a careful science which they teach at the infamous school of the americas. they also publish books like the freedom fighter s manual and the human resource exploitation training manual teaching methods of torture, blackmail, interrogation, propaganda and sabotage to foreign military officials. starting in the cia ran operations attempting to overthrow the communist north vietnamese government, while supporting the ngo dinh diem regime in south vietnam. from the cia conducted what has been termed the secret war in laos during which they carried out almost one coup per year in an effort to overthrow their democracy. after several unsuccessful attempts, the us began a bombing campaign, dropping more explosives and planting more landmines on laos during this secret war than during all of world war ii. untold thousands died and a quarter of the laotian people became refugees often living in caves. right up to the present, laotians are killed maimed almost daily from unexploded landmines. in the us helped install papa doc duvalier, the haitian dictator whose factions killed over 100,000. in cia operation mongoose attempted and failed to overthrow fidel castro. also in the cia assassinated the dominican republic s leader rafael trujillo, assassinated zaire s democratically-elected patrice lumumba, and staged a coup against ecuador s president jose velasco, after which us president jfk fired cia director allen dulles. in the cia was back in the dominican republic and ecuador performing military coups overthrowing juan bosch and president arosemana. in another cia-funded armed coup overthrew brazil s democratically-elected joao goulart replacing him with dictator general castelo branco, cia-trained secret police, and marauding death squads. in the cia performed coups in indonesia and zaire and installed oppressive military dictators; general suharto in indonesia would then go on to slaughter nearly a million of his countrymen. in a cia-backed coup overthrew the government of greece. in they helped capture che guevara in bolivia. in they overthrew cambodia s popular prince sahounek, an action that greatly strengthened the once minor opposition khmer rouge party who went on to murder millions. in they backed a coup in bolivia and installed dictator hugo banzer who went on torture and murder over of his political opponents. in they assassinated chile s democratically-elected salvador allende and replaced him with general augusto pinochet who murdered thousands of his civilians. on and on it goes; the association for responsible dissent put out a report estimating that by , million people worldwide had died resulting from cia covert ops. since then there have been many untold millions more. throughout the world, on any given day, a man, woman or child is likely to be displaced, tortured, killed or disappeared, at the hands of governments or armed political groups. more often than not, the united states shares the blame. -amnesty international annual report on u.s. military aid and human rights, cia operation cyclone, with joint funding from britain s mi6, heavily armed and trained over 100,000 afghani mujahideen holy warriors during the soviet war in afghanistan. with the help of the pakistani isi inter-services intelligence , billions of dollars were given to create this islamic army. selig harrison from the woodrow wilson international centre for scholars stated, the cia made a historic mistake in encouraging islamic groups from all over the world to come to afghanistan. the us provided billion now many more billion for building up these islamic groups, and it accepted pakistan s demand that they should decide how this money should be spent today that money and those weapons have helped build up the taliban who are now making a living out of terrorism. the united states has been part and parcel to supporting the taliban all along, and still is let me add you have a military government in pakistan now that is arming the taliban to the teeth let me note; that us aid has always gone to taliban areas and when people from the outside try to put aid into areas not controlled by the taliban, they are thwarted by our own state department pakistan has initiated a major resupply effort, which eventually saw the defeat, and caused the defeat, of almost all of the anti-taliban forces in afghanistan. -congressional rep. dana rohrbacher, the house international relations committee on global terrorism and south asia, british foreign secretary robin cook stated before the house of commons that al qaeda is not actually a terrorist group, but a database of international mujahadden and arms dealers smugglers used by the cia to funnel arms, money, and guerrillas. the word al qaeda itself literally translates to the database. not only did the cia create the taliban and al-qaeda, they continued funding them right up to the attacks blamed on them. for example, four months prior to , in may, , colin powell gave another million in aid to the taliban. not even the corporate us media could whitewash these facts and so explained it away by alleging that us officials had sought cooperation from pakistan because it was the original backer of the taliban, the hard-line islamic leadership of afghanistan accused by washington of harboring bin laden. then the so called missing link came when it was revealed that the head of the isi was the principal financier of the hijackers ... pakistan and the isi is the go between of the global terror explosion. pakistan's military-intelligence apparatus, which literally created and sponsored the taliban and al qaeda, is directly upheld and funded by the cia. these facts are not even in dispute, neither in the media nor in government. therefore when we are told by the neocon heads of the new world order that they are doing everything in their power to dismantle the global terror network what we are hearing is the exact opposite of the truth. they assembled it, they sponsored it and they continue to fund it. as any good criminal should, they have a middleman to provide plausible deniability, that middleman is the isi and the military dictatorship of pakistan. -steve watson, u.s. intel officer: al qaeda leadership allowed to operate freely in a late s newsweek article, outspoken opponent of president bush and recently assassinated pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto, told george bush sr., you are creating a frankenstein, concerning the growing islamist movement. she also came out in to say that osama bin laden was already long dead having been murdered by omar sheikh. she was murdered herself a month after the interview, only two weeks before the pakistani general elections.
__label__non_math	1.0000	- find a qualified installer near you - interconnects sign up top dollar offered - lightning fast bids provided trade-ins procurement asset recovery lightning fast bids why atlasphones is the trusted source?atlasphones has maintained our status as the customer service leader in the business telecom industry since - -star rated by yahoo mitel superset -200-na the mitel superset digital telephone is ideal for heavy telephony users who require advanced access to full-featured telephony functions. the digital telephone is perfect for managers, professionals, and call center agents and supervisors. full duplex handsfree operation context-sensitive softkeys for feature-set customization programmable keys with led indicators supports automatic call distribution acd agent and supervisor functionality supports firmware download superkey programming for easy access to pbx telephone system features pc connectivity to support tapi-compliant applications -200-na dark gray . -100-na light gray . recently viewed items free free fedex ground shipping on orders of 500 orders only a portion of each purchase will be donated to the children's miracle network. for more information, visit childrensmiraclenetworkhospitals.org have telecom items for sale? top dollar offered - lightning fast bids provided purchasing
__label__non_math	0.9996	the main focus during the next releases will be on the following... all dates are tentative dates. we reserve the right to alter the set of included or excluded features in any way required to maximize product success. extremetransactions release planning note: from release .on, the roadmap for transactionsessentials coincides with the roadmap of extremetransactions. there are no longer separate releases: transactionsessentials is now built as part of the extremetransactions build. things we are watching the following are some things we are watching with interest... they might one day become part of our plans but not as yet. - non-xa pools for plain jdbc jms - should we provide a jca implementation, e.g. for apache jackrabbit compatibility? - the sca programming model, and how it can benefit from our tcc and cap approaches.
__label__non_math	0.9981	our new sweet triple branch wood stacker is wonderful for a toddler who is exploring the world with their hands. they will spend lots of time dumping the discs off of the stacker and then restacking them bit by bit. as they grow, the toy grows, too. some days it's a stack of pancakes, some days they are dishes, and another day it will be a pile of rocks. made of ash branches, the base measures approximately inches in diameter and has three stacking poles with stacking pieces. best of all, this toy is made in the usa
__label__non_math	1.0000	we offer a broad selection of handmade toys, dolls, puzzles, children's kitchens furniture, craft science kits, art craft supplies, rattles, blankets baby gifts. many of these items are handmade just for us offer an extensive selection of beautiful home-dyed play silks in dozens of colors for each.
__label__non_math	0.9761	why leading soc and systems companies rely on spyglass from atrenta in the end, it is silicon that drives our industry, and it is silicon that is the ultimate goal of a design project. advanced electronics, in the form of integrated circuit ic chips are powering the consumer electronics revolution all around us. this technology, known as system on chip soc , is paving the way for new and innovative products that touch our lives every day. socs represent the most complex designs ever made, and because they serve the fast-paced consumer electronics market, they must be designed and manufactured in far less time than ever before. the conflicting need for complex technology in less time creates high risk, high cost and unpredictable schedules. traditional eda tools struggle with soc complexity and fall short of delivering an efficient process to ensure chips can be manufactured reliably and cost-effectively. atrenta s spyglass predictive analysis solution provides a critical link between early soc design ideas and the implementation process leading to the manufacture of these complex socs. similar to an interactive guidance system, spyglass optimizes a design s path to implementation early, before traditional eda tools are deployed for detailed implementation. this ability to plot the fastest and most cost efficient path to market has become a must-have technology for thousands of design engineers and their managers who compete in the consumer electronics market. atrenta s spyglass predictive analysis platform gives engineers a powerful guidance dashboard that enables efficient verification and optimization of soc designs early, before expensive and time-consuming traditional eda tools are deployed. spyglass provides unprecedented levels of early-stage insight into soc designs including: - heterogeneous ip import and quality validation - efficient chip assembly with a view to manufacturability - detection of structural, coding and consistency problems at the earliest point in the process - accurate timing and power estimation and advanced power reduction - comprehensive analysis of the performance of key design elements such as clocks, resets and clock domain crossing cdc circuits - formal analysis of design element correctness such as bus contention, dead code and other critical functional issues "atrenta's spyglass cdc product is critical in helping us avoid design iterations and general risks associated with our complex designs. we have been very impressed by the comprehensive solution offered by spyglass cdc, which allows us to quickly identify real problems in our clock networks at the earliest possible point in the design flow..." manager hardware development - graphics competence center fujitsu microelectronics europe engineers at nineteen of the top twenty global semiconductor and consumer electronics companies trust that a spyglass clean design is ready for implementation by downstream eda tools, and ultimately by chip manufacturers. more than two hundred companies rely on spyglass to guide them along an efficient path to silicon. our customers include: - lg electronics - nec electronics corporation - wipro technologies atrenta invests heavily in the development of its automated soc design guidance solutions, with more than of its employees involved in r d at facilities in san jose us , noida india , grenoble france , colombo sri lanka and shanghai china . the company supports its worldwide customer base with direct sales and support offices in silicon valley, southern california, texas and north carolina in the usa; france, germany, uk, japan, taiwan, israel and india and distributors in china and korea.
__label__non_math	1.0000	chris halliday, dds, mph, is the inaugural dean of the missouri school of dentistry oral health, a.t. still university s new dental school located on the kirksville, mo., campus. dr. halliday, a rear admiral in the u.s. public health service usphs , served as assistant surgeon general and chief of staff to the surgeon general of the united states dec. -may . his experience includes serving as director and chief dental officer of the indian health service and chief professional officer of the dental category. during his term as chief dental officer of the usphs, dr. halliday coordinated the delivery of oral health services by the commissioned corps dental officers from the department of health and human services, department of justice, and department of homeland security. he received his doctor of dental surgery from marquette university school of dentistry and his master of public health from the university of north carolina-chapel hill school of public health . dr. halliday has dedicated his professional life to serving underserved populations. he worked in diverse areas such as barrow, alaska, for three years and on american indian reservations in new mexico and arizona for seven years. dr. halliday held policy-making positions in washington, d.c., for years, bringing dental and medical services to people who would otherwise not receive them. dr. halliday is the recipient of numerous awards and honors from the public health service and indian health service, including an isolated hardship award, a commendation medal, an outstanding service medal, and the surgeon general s exemplary service medal. he is also a member of the commissioned officers association, american dental association, american association of public health dentistry, american dental education association, and a fellow in the american college of dentists.
__label__non_math	0.9998	i m the chief eye roller in this house. but i think my husband may have rolled his that day i said, wouldn t it be nice to have a farm? a pretty barn? and maybe some horses? i have no delusions that farm living is easy. i ve watched enough episodes of green acres to know otherwise. but i can t help but romanticize farm life every time i open up a magazine or visit a favorite blog or do a little window shopping at my favorite home decor shops. as part of my -year blogiversary giveaway bonanza, barb is giving away a gift certificate to her online shop to one lucky winner here at atta girl says. to enter, just fill in the rafflecopter form below. now, let s decorate atta girl farm with finds from farmhouse decor. at night, i d switch on this french bottle lamp at my bedside and read the classics and pen handwritten notes to my friends and family. this burlap french bee stool would be perfect spot for my husband to rest his feet on after a long day of farming. i d tuck this french receipt tea towel into my apron while i cooked up homemade biscuits, served of course with butter made from our cows milk and homegrown and homemade strawberry jelly. i d announce the day s menu and write little notes of reminder or encouragement on my farmhouse chalkboard. we d keep track of our bills and other important papers in this printer s cabinet. our chickens would keep these numbered egg cups filled. and our cows would provide us fresh milk daily. plus enough to share with our neighbors. we d surprise them every morning with an old-fashioned delivery in this wire milk bottle carrier. i d fill this dough bowl with dried lavender grown on our land. with the fresh milk and all the canning i d be doing, this bottle drying rack would be put to use every day. and speaking of mason jars, i d use one to dispense the all-natural soap i d make from our lavender crop. i d collect the wash in this french laundry cart. and while our laundry is drying on the line, i d walk our acreage, picking fresh flowers to brighten our rooms. or maybe i d just drop a bunch in this rusty metal bucket and call it an arrangement. wow, i m getting tired from all this farming shopping. head on over to barb s place, farmhouse decor, and scope out her beautiful shop, then come back here and post a comment telling me how you d spend your the gift certificate if you won. to enter the giveaway, just fill out the rafflecopter form below. be sure to visit atta girl says all this week for other great giveaways, including a handmade basket, a miss mustard seed milk paint sampler pack, a gift certificate from origami owl and some fish foam to make your windows and mirrors sparkle good luck in the giveaway and thank you so much for making my first blogging year such a wonderful one. entries for the atta girl says blogiversary giveaway bonanza will be accepted through midnight on thursday, march . winners will be announced the following week. disclosure: i m friends with barb, the owner of the everyday home and farmhouse decor, and she graciously donated a gift certificate to me for my blogiversary giveaway bonanza. i am seriously coveting so many items in her online shop, and i really wish i could win my own giveaway. but i can t.
__label__non_math	1.0000	before disaster strikes, attention plus care is here to help you prepare. we have developed many specific plans for whatever nature might bring upon us. whether it be a hurricane or a house fire, we help make sure that your medical needs are taken care of, and that you have the supplies to make it through the storm. our care managers can help by: - conducting an environmental safety assessment in your home. - obtaining home emergency and evacuation supplies. - developing specific emergency plans based on the type of disaster: - power outages - pandemic disease - advising you about emergency supplies so that you are ready when disaster strikes, and assisting you in purchasing supplies as needed. - training your caregivers on how to react during an emergency. - providing directions to the nearest emergency relief shelter, and instructions about what to bring with you. - making sure that you have transportation to the relief shelter, and that you and your caregiver know who to notify if evacuation is needed. - educating your loved ones about your emergency plans. - helping you find an emergency response caregiver if this is appropriate.
__label__non_math	0.9989	i think chris paul sells foul calls as much as anyone in the league. easily. how often have we seen him stop in transition, have a trailing defender run into him, and paul sprawl out on the floor? how frequently do we see him shoot out backwards when a big hedges too hard on a screen? at the end of the day, though, what chris paul does is hardly different from what so many elite nba players do. we've all seen paul pierce pump fake, watch his defender fail to bite, and lean in to his defender anyway while wildly launching an awful shot. chauncey billups and derek fisher are two prominent perpetrators of that "move" as well. kevin durant's "rip" move where he intentionally tries to get his arms tangled up with a defender before chucking a prayer at the hoop falls under the same category- creating and selling dubious contact. tim duncan goes often for that move as well. and what of kobe bryant's propensity to yell like he just got shot on completely untouched forays to the rim? the point is that elite nba players do what they can to help their teams win. they stretch the boundaries of the rules. getting morally outraged about it is silly, and it's why i found royce young's tirade against chris paul and the hornets a little disappointing. and i bring this up only because i respect young and his work. i really do. he's one of the best nba writers on the internets, and there's a reason you can find his work in so many places. he's fully entitled to his opinion that "only a select few players flop ." two things irked me aside from that. the first was his his closing comment on his game recap: "on their big night where they met their stupid attendance benchmark because a bunch of local business bought tickets instead of actual fans actually buying tickets." really? "their stupid attendance benchmark"? the second was the video he posted this morning, supposedly showing various chris paul flops from last night. included in the reel are cp's trademark "slow in transition" and "draw the foul on the hedge." also included though is a play where paul attempts to draw a charge on russell westbrook. he's in position, until westbrook deftly changes direction at the last second to swerve around paul. cp tries to draw the charge anyways, but he's way out of position due to westbrook's nifty move. i find it relatively unbelievable that young has never seen another player do this, as it's an extremely routine occurrence. players often try to set their feet only to have the ball handler switch direction and make contact with the defender at a different angle than anticipated. the defender falls because that's... how you take a charge. on that particular play, westbrook beat paul, the refs saw that paul had been taken out of position by westbrook, and that was that. calling it clear evidence of paul flopping is pretty rich. and the final clip in the paul "flopping" video? kevin durant clearly elbowing paul square in the chest, frustrated with cp's defense on him? flop. totally. look, we can get into an endless debate about how "floppy" a flop was. and that's dumb. i'm far more concerned about young's no-questions-asked casting of a player as a flopper on the evidence of some -videos, while casually dismissing durant's rip move and simultaneously calling out paul's "stupid" fans.
__label__non_math	0.9999	the board of utv media today announced that richard huntingford would be taking on the position of chairman with immediate effect. helen kirkpatrick steps down as interim chairman remaining as a non-executive director of the board. interim chairman, helen kirkpatrick said: i am delighted that utv has found such an outstanding candidate to become chairman after a very thorough recruitment process in recent months. richard has enjoyed a highly distinguished career in the media sector and has extensive plc board experience as a non-executive director and chairman making him an excellent choice to lead the utv board. we look forward to the additional perspective he will be able to bring to the utv group going forward. on behalf of the board i would like to welcome richard to utv and wish him every success with the group. richard joins utv with a successful year track record at plc board level in the media industry, both as an executive and subsequently non-executive director, preceded by twelve years at kpmg plc. richard was chief executive of chrysalis plc from until , responsible for building a broadly-based media group through a combination of organic and acquisition-led growth. he then oversaw the realisation of significant value for shareholders through the disposal of the group s television and radio interests. richard was appointed executive chairman of virgin radio in until its sale to times of india in . since then, richard has enjoyed a successful portfolio career with non-executive director roles at boomerang plus plc chairman , creston plc ned and remco chair and crown place vct plc ned . he is also chairman of prince s trust trading limited, the commercial and events arm of the prince s trust, and a governor of radley college. from to he served as a non-executive director on the board of virgin mobile holdings uk plc, prior to its merger with ntl. richard huntingford said: i am delighted to have been given such an exciting opportunity at utv, a company i have always admired for its achievements. i look forward to working with my new colleagues on the board in helping john mccann and his executive team deliver continuing long-term value for utv s shareholders. i would also like to take this opportunity to thank helen kirkpatrick for her outstanding contribution to the company as interim chairman. utv have operated the itv northern ireland service since .
__label__non_math	0.9997	"great sec game coming up" opening statement it s another great sec game coming up with the oldest rivalry in the south. it s going to be a great night game, and i want to encourage all the fans to come out and really support our guys. it s a great challenge for us. what georgia has to play for coming in here, with the possibility of clinching the east, and just the history of the game and how important the history of this game has been over the years and how close these games have been, i think our players are extremely excited about playing in the game. our coaches are excited about coaching in it. we re looking forward to a great challenge. it s a very physical football team on both sides of the ball. they re very talented and have really been playing well of late. it s going to be a great challenge for us. how was practice after the win as i ve said before, there s only one remedy to what was week after week occurring there for a while, and that is a win. it was great to see our guys in the locker room very excited about getting a win and what that feels like again. it had been a while. practice sunday, i thought it was very energetic. we have a lot of guys up and down the hallways this week watching film on their own, excited about playing in a game like this as well. i think it s carrying over. i know it did yesterday, and my expectation is that it ll carry over to today s practice. is there motivation to try to stop georgia from winning the sec east we have been on the other side of that, and there s a lot of motivation. no question about it. they re playing for the ability to clinch the division and play in the sec championship game. when you play in rivalry games like this that have been going on this long, and there s so much just involved with the game regardless of where each team is at and where they re at in their season, it just makes for a great game. our guys are going to be excited just because it s georgia. a lot of our players are from the state of georgia and certainly close by if they re not from the state. georgia recruits a lot of the same guys, and these guys are playing high school football together or against each other. i think the history of the game, proximity and geographically how close we are and with our guys just enjoying the chance to play in a rivalry game like this p.m. espn game, i think all those things together, we re going to be very excited to play saturday. does his team want to be the spoiler i think that s kind of what anybody in that situation realizes, whether you say it or it s in the back of your head, that you have an opportunity to play in a great game and if you play well and if you do end up winning the game, that s the result, but that s not what we re feeding on. we re feeding on the opportunity to have another great sec game and have the opportunity to play on national tv against a great football team and have an opportunity to go out there and compete. that s more of what we re focused on -- and trying to build on what we did last week as well. does it help that brian vangorder and willie martinez previously coached at georgia i think so. i think that over the last however many years, i think georgia s changed some in what their ideas are philosophically on offense, but not that much. those guys spending that much time there, i m sure that there s things that are coming back that as you watch the film and you say i remember that in practice, that certainly can t hurt you. i think it s a little bit both ways. the bottom line is, when you watch this many games, games, you know what they re going to do. they know what you re going to do. it s just a matter of executing and being in the right position to make plays. defensively, they ve seen the last nine or games. they know what we re going to do, and they ve been around those two guys as well. i think it s probably kind of a push. what does georgia do well offensively and defensively defensively, they re very multiple because they have their -stance, meaning their philosophy of -defense, which gives you problems offensively; it s giving quite a few people some problems right now in terms of who to block. there are going to be so many different looks in there. they have some really good talented players who are very productive in terms of sacks and tackles for loss. they have a huge defensive line. they have some safeties back there that are extremely physical, and their corners, if they decide to play man coverage, are very good at what they do. i just think schematically, all the way around, they have good players. they re coached well, and that s why they re where they re at. then offensively, they ve been so explosive. they have a very big physical offensive line. the two young running backs are very explosive. i think they ve really complemented each other well because one guy doesn t have to carry it times a game. they re a little bit of a change-up. one s a little bit bigger than the other, but they re both extremely fast. obviously, with the quarterback being as efficient as he is and throwing for touchdowns and receivers that -- even though they ve had a couple of injuries -- the next guy just steps up to the plate. i think everybody understands that they are where they are offensively because they do have explosive guys, and they re very efficient at what they do. on georgia s defensive players, specifically jarvis jones i think you start with trying to always find out where he s at. he s going to move around some, and they do a really good job with that. he s definitely a tackle-for-loss hazard, whether it be sacks or in the run game. they don t have any problems with pressuring him from wherever. you always have to know where he is, and then on top of that, he s just a very physical player. he s made plays against pretty much everybody they ve played. you have to know where he is, and you have to have a way to account for him in both the run game and the pass game because he has great penetration from wherever he s coming from. does georgia s pressure challenge players like brandon fulse and jay prosch to help more in blocking absolutely. there s no question. combined with the fact that when you re in a -defense that really creates just protection, it s a tough scheme protection-wise. that s why a lot of people bounce in and out of it. even if they re not a -defense, they ll bounce in and out of it just because the protection issues that jarvis jones gives you. all of that becomes a factor. did he think jarvis jones had all-america potential when jones was in high school he was coming out right when i had gotten here, so i knew somewhat about him, but i think at the time he was committed to usc, if i m correct. i thought he was a very good player, and i thought he was a big good-looking physical specimen. i didn t know enough about him at the time of exactly how good he would be as a football player, but i watched enough film on him to know he certainly had a chance to be. him transferring and being this productive, i m sure that the people who were around him for three years aren t surprised, but i just didn t know that much about him when i got here. will the speed of this defense change compared to what jonathan wallace saw last weekend it s night and day. it s going to be a completely different issue, and that s what we re preparing him for. the bottom line is he ll study it, and he ll know where they re coming from. the speed and intensity with which they blitz and pressure and move around will be completely different than last week. is it important to get the run game going to help wallace getting the running game going is an imperative; there s no question about it. anytime you re going out there with a young quarterback, the number one priority is to run the ball enough to protect him where you re not so much drop-back, or you re not in that many drop-back situations. first and second down and manageable third downs is really the key, and obviously the key is first and second down and being able to run the ball on some of those downs; even being able to run the ball on third down, too, is really critical when you have a young quarterback. i think that s always the case. on philip lutzenkirchen who spoke to reporters earlier about his progress he s just a solid guy -- a guy that comes out to practice, and he s always around the team -- a very positive, upbeat guy. he was obviously one of the first guys that we recruited when we got here. i ve just gotten real close with his family, and i just believe and trust in him and his family and what they stand for off the field, as well as everybody has pretty well documented what he s done on the field. he s just a young man that i have a high level of respect for in a lot of ways. i think he is a very selfless guy, and i think that is what is going to make him be successful whatever he does after this because it s never really about him, and it s never really been about him. he could stand up and beat his chest for a lot of things that he s accomplished that most people would dream about accomplishing in his career here, but he never does that. he s always going to talk about somebody else, and he s always going to be one of those guys that steps up to the plate and tries to help somebody else; again, that s why i talk about what he represents off the field as well as on. does lutzenkirchen s game-winning td catch in the iron bowl come to mind when recalling his career it s one of the first ones that comes to mind. he s had so many great catches out there. he s had so many one-handed snags. he really came on as a blocker as his career unfolded, because when he came out of high school, he was primarily a glorified wide-out. he had to learn the blocking game, and he had to learn how to do all of those things. it was very important to him to be able to try to improve in that regard, and he did. he ll always be remembered for certain catches that he made and some spectacular ones at that and some that the timing was impeccable as you just mentioned in the iron bowl two years ago, but his blocking and just everything that he has brought to the table other than the things that you even visibly see him do as a player what he s like in the locker room, what he s like in encouraging young guys, what he s like bringing young guys in that want to play and he wants to help them. he wants to help them learn the offense or just learn what college football is all about. he s just always been one of those guys, and i think that s why most of our guys on our team have a very high level of regard very similar to me on philip. it s because he s a different guy. on the conversation chizik had with lutzenkirchen about having surgery well, he was very distraught. my number one goal always is for doing what is in the best interest of our student-athletes, particularly when it comes to injury; i try to treat everything like i would if it were my own son. lutz was at a place where, when it all went down, nobody was really sure exactly what direction this was headed. i just told him, i know there is a lot on your plate because you re thinking about wanting to finish this season out and making sure that you do all that you can to help auburn win because that s who he is. then on the other side of that, you ve got him thinking about a career beyond this. i just said, at the end of the day, when you really sit down and think about this and you really soul search and pray on it and do whatever you have to do, you ve got to end up doing health-wise what is the best for you, not weeks from now, but years from now. one of the things that happens with an injury like that is you don t want to walk around with a limp for the rest of your life, just so that you could finish what you started -- i think those are hard decisions to be made sometimes. when all of the evidence came back, it wasn t hard. he had to get it done, but in the interim, we had to have that conversation. injury updates for auburn players c.j. uzomah , it doesn t look like he is going to be able to end up playing this weekend. chris davis is still on the bubble. jeff whitaker i think has got a chance. he practiced sunday night; obviously, we ve got to take some baby steps with him. a couple of those other guys like chris will be a little bit later in the week as we move forward, but it s very unlikely that c.j. will play. is dee ford to the point where he can start we played him between and plays the other day, which was good to see. i feel like he held up well. we re getting to the point where we re looking at getting him back to that, but, again, i think it just depends on how this week unfolds, certainly tonight at practice. on the significance of c.j. uzomah being out well, i just think when you ve lost your two top tight ends, it certainly doesn t help. i think he had gained a good amount of confidence with the last couple of games that he had played, and so he was becoming somebody that we were starting to really feel good about him catching the ball. again, he was kind of like philip. he was a different position coming out of high school, so he really needed to learn the world of blocking and blocking the edge, but he was coming on as a tight end just being able to do all of it a little bit better. so, again, i feel bad for him. it was kind of a freak deal on wednesday night, but he will continue to try to get back before the season ends; it s going to be touch and go as whether that will happen or not. has corey lemonier s production changed since the beginning of the season i think early in the season, boy, you could really see him -- his very quick first step -- and i think that people knew all the preseason talk, and then the first few games, the pressures he was getting on the quarterback. early in the year, he was getting some good pressure and there were actually three or four sacks that he had missed. i think protection-wise, every offense is going to take what is considered to be your best guy and they are going to have schemes for them. so, i think it is a combination of all of that. on jonathan wallace stepping in as auburn s starting quarterback as a true freshman well, i said it earlier in the week. i was very proud of some of the things that he was able to do, but if you look at how the game unfolded, early in the game he was slow in terms of just kind of getting a rhythm and just kind of getting into it. typically, what you look for in a young guy is that you are able to do that and recover. so, i felt like he did that. i felt like as the game went on he kind of calmed down a little bit. he hit some throws that he should have hit, and, overall, ended up managing the offense well and throwing some nice balls out there. so, hopefully, he can pick up where he left off, but, again, this is a different defense this week with a different caliber of guy, but he won t go out there and be fearful in any way, shape or form. i know that. he ll go out there starting today and really try to improve on everything that he knew were the things that were responsible for a slow start. so, i have no question that he is going to go out there and compete very hard. on clint moseley s status i think he is coming along. tonight we will see at practice how he is moving around, but i think he has gained in the last two or three days a little bit more movement, but we ll know more tonight. he moved around a little bit sunday, but even then we ve had a little bit of time off since then, and i think that he will be in a little better place tonight, but we won t really know until after practice. what threat does georgia quarterback aaron murray pose well, aaron murray made plays and so did his wide receivers. they had kind of a high pass on a third-and-one and he hid it behind his back and there is nobody within yards of the wide receiver that was a touchdown pass very well executed. you re looking at a quarterback that s pretty much seen it all, done it all. if you look at him just when people decide to pressure him, he s going to be somewhere in the high 70s in terms of percentage of completions, so that doesn t faze him. i mean he s pretty much seen it all. they ve got a great scheme, and they can get the ball to one side or the other. back to the receivers, even right before the half, here he is he s scrambling around -- ole miss is playing well; they had sacked him three or four times on the drive -- and he escapes out of it and he throws the ball just about the only place you could put it before the safety came over, and they score right before the half. so, i think that pretty much sums it up. he s a very efficient quarterback with very, very capable wide receivers, and i think they are all on the same page and you can tell the timing. even though marlon brown is going to be out, you ve still got some receivers -- malcolm mitchell and tavarres king and some other guys -- that i think are all very, very synchronized and on the same page. what is his appreciation for the auburn-georgia rivalry just incredible. it s incredible. that s why i say that, regardless of what the situation is for either team right now. it s very important for the other team to go out there and play extremely hard because it s a game as a little guy, if you grow up wanting to play college football as a little kid, these are the games that you dream of playing in. i have got a great appreciation for this rivalry. there are a lot of similarities in the schools, and of course everybody knows the similarities over the last 100 and some odd years between scores and just the results of the game. on the impact freshmen in the sec this season i think this is a little bit of a unique year. i think that from the running backs at georgia to the quarterback at texas a m to just so many young guys that have come in and played very, very well, i think it goes back to the level of talent that people are recruiting in this league. pretty much every week you play somebody that has got a young guy that s contributed and contributed very well; again, i think it just goes back and everybody knows the level of the skill in this league and it s not just skill. it s offensive linemen. it s defensive linemen. i think the level of play and the level of skill from some of these guys coming out of high school in this league talent-wise is why the sec is what it is. more auburn football headlines more auburn headlines
__label__non_math	0.9970	at first, i didn't like this story or narrators. short as it is, i almost didn't finish it. there is a bit of mono flatness to the narration and the story starts in the deep end. it sounded like it was going to be a pity-poor-little-me. somewhere along the way, i realized the narrators were being true to the story style. also, a better way to describe the story is matter-of-fact: it is awful but that is what happened; next issue; let's move along and get on with life. this is a point of view which i can admire. what is that sixties saying? life sucks, then you die. yes, now go cry around someone else. this seems to be the attitude of the author which the narrators picked up. this story illustrates how adults can gunk up the works and turn a children's squabble into a major life altering event. left to themselves, the kids would have resolved their problems and gone on happily. none of the adults in this story came away with clean hands. the protagonist has a kind of emptiness within and has sort of cocooned himself away from emotion and connections. this is not surprising considering his situation. it is a kind of protection technique: lower your expectations and you will never be disappointed. this story is not gloom and doom; it is surprisingly upbeat. the author's conclusion was a satisfying masterstroke. i may have had a bad download but there are a couple of glitches: garbled speech and crossover feeds. i will delete it and try again. heck, it was free, what i am complaining about? : this is one splendid book. the writing is beautiful. the author created word paintings or a kind of musical composition but that is like going to see "the girl with a pearl earring" by johannes vermeer and saying it is a pretty painting but this is the best i can do. one feels as if you are seeing and feeling with the eyes and emotions of lucy honeychurch, cecil wyse and george emerson. this is a triangle of love muddles. the girl says yes to the handsome, rich and cultured cecil as she grew into a self aware and confident woman, she found that he would never be able to meet her needs. to get a better idea of his character, i refer you to charlotte bronte's st. john rivers in "jane eyre" or mary ann evans george elliot 's tito in "romula". for these men, there was only themselves with no room for the needs of another. a lighter treatment can be found in sophie kinsella's "remember me?" it must be confessed that our heroine unknowingly lies, to herself, her family, her fianc?, the man she loves. she must take back her yes and find a way to say yes to the right man while the whole world knows and approves of her engagement. it is at times, quite funny and always engrossing. the narrator, rosalyn landor enjoyed herself and made the book a joy. there is a kind of poetry in the story which she expressed as her own. it was my first time with her. she is tops. jane austen and bullwinkle moose kept flittering through my thoughts as i listened to this book. fitzwilliam darcy's ill-considered proposal to elizabeth bennet has vague echoes of miss arabella hunt's proposal of marriage to tom jones. "in thus disposing of myself, i know i shall incur the censure of the world; but if i did not love you more than i fear the world, i should not be worthy of you..." further, like darcy, she imputed to her intended her own thoughts and feelings only to find to her chagrin, she had completely misread the situation. in fielding's sharply drawn caricatures of squire allworthy, squire weston, mr. blifil, one finds a cartoon melodramatic world with snidely whiplash tying lovely, hapless nell to the railroad tracks with dudley do-right riding to the rescue in the nick of time in a kind of prequel to the modern novel with bullwinkle moose as narrator. if you remember bullwinkle telling fractured fairy tales, then you have a sense of this tongue-in-cheek novel. the villains have big black mustaches; the good guys wear white hats; sometimes walk on the dark side and no good deed goes unpunished. in my time in the united states navy, "going to school" on someone is what we called watching experienced seamen and learning from mistakes made by others. it is evident that fielding is one of the writers on which miss austen went to school, from the way she used strong caricatures in her novels such as lady catherine, mrs. bennet, miss bates, sir john middleton, mrs. jennings, sir walter elliot, mrs. norris, et al. if you choose this book, be prepared to give the author time -chapters to explain himself. it may be english but it "ain't" today's english. charlton griffin does a great narration and a wonderful job translating fielding's humor for twenty-first century ears. i would have never thought i could use henry fielding, jane austen and bullwinkle moose in a review with a straight face. rosalyn landor is a gold star narrator. maybe, i am just a softy for lovely low british accents. rebecca brandon nee bloomwood is a woman who loves being a woman. she thinks fate dealt her a splendid hand. it would not occur to her to envy or resent the opposite sex for anything. she loves the man she married and the life she leads. now she finds herself pregnant. some women crave pickles and ice cream, for rebecca it is shopping for designer baby things. oh yes, all men love going shopping especially for baby things. not this is my first experience with this author and narrator. they are impressive. this is a kind of fairy tale along the lines of jane austen's pride and prejudice with the fiery elizabeth crossing swords with darcy. i also think of jane eyre as she is confronted with thornfield and its moody master which should give an idea of the relationship between hero and heroine. there was obviously intensive period research into the time and setting of the story. while i wasn't looking for any false notes, i didn't detect any. georgette geyer writes as if she were a contemporary of austen or bronte. an author who can bring to life espionage, treason, murder to say nothing of a solid romance, all at a rather creepy mansion is an accomplished writer. geyer writes with a kind of tongue in cheek amusement, a potential pitfall which cornelius garrett embraced as his own. his narration took the book seriously while allowing its innate humor full play. he shines josephine bailey did a fine job with story. yes, i enjoyed this one. there is less shopping and more doing. you know how we guys like action. ; coming up with titles for a review is often more difficult than writing the darn things so i finally fixed on one which describes what rebecca brandon is about in this work. she tries to fix problems of her own making with her relationships: sister, husband, best friend. men and women think differently from each other on most matters. rebecca thinks extremely differently. she naturally assumes shopping will solve all problems. what did jane austen have to say about fine clothes? oh, i can't quite quote but she goes something like this: woman is fine for herself alone. as long as she is neat and clean, a man will never notice much less remember the new dress, hair color, lipstick shade, style of shoes, the stylish purse or earrings. in other words, we men don't care for the fruit peel only the meat. for other women, something a bit shabby is preferred for conversation's sake. don't blame me; this is straight from jane austen northanger abbey . rebecca, poor girl, probably wasn't an austen fan and therefore never got this good advice from the grand dame herself. i really started enjoying this story when rebecca absolutely gunks up the works then rushes pell-mell to put matters aright. first stop was to patch things up with her sister and manages to totally alienate her. to fix matters, she wound up on the side of a mountain in a storm in her lovely new slippers then slipped off. oh yes, the story picks up delightfully: action, blood, mud, broken bones, the works. the best of it happened when she found herself accidently organizing a large scale protest of her husband's largest client. then there are the amusing adventures as she mended matters. however luke and rebecca brandon finally arrive at their pemberley, one can only say it will be an interesting trip. rebecca burns has great accent. i can't quite put my finger on the origins but she is perfect for this story. the word pollyanna has taken on something of a negative connotation, a kind of empty headed happiness despite circumstances, usually said in a sneering condescending tone after the fashion of some college professors or self righteous politicians. i carried away a very different idea of a pollyanna. for your consideration: her father died. her mother died. her brothers and sisters all died. she is homeless and penniless. she is sent to live with a relative who doesn't love her or want her. she truly stands alone. she took all the hard knocks that the world threw her way. as often as she was knocked down; she picked herself up, dusted herself off and found a reason to smile as she faced the next trial. even when pummeled with blows which have brought great men to their knees, pollyanna did not yield. almost, perhaps, but she never surrendered. further evidence for your consideration: who changed? not pollyanna; she was the glowing wondering little person at the end that she was when we first met. nope, it was the adults who were changed by this small force of nature: aunt polly, the doctor, nancy, mr. pendleton, the minister, et al, in fact an entire town. so if someone is pollyannaish, what are they? in my book, brave as a combat marine, loyal as a saint bernard and tough as a pollyanna whittier. having read this book quite a few times over the years, i was pleased to find it in audible's library. my hat is off to the producers. the names of the narrators weren't included but they were fabulous. i especially liked the announcer who obviously was kidnapped from the bbc world service. the woman who did the story narration had a lovely expressive voice. the little music clips closing the chapters were a nice touch. burnett had a thing for india. in many ways, it became a kind of character in a number of her books including "a little princess", "the secret garden" and this title. it is a place of fantastical mystery, unknown splendor and sudden terrifying dangers, where both death and wonder lurked in shadows. as the synopsis suggested, this is an adult fairy tale. burnett's early life was no fairy tale so her stories have a firm basis in hard reality which is appealing and believable. who better to tell the story of cinderella before the fairy godmother and the prince than one who has lived cinderella's life? emily fox seton struck me as a catherine morland "northanger abbey" type of heroine with an innocent belief in the goodness of fellow human beings. it was no great surprise when emily loved the dry, distant lord walderhurst enough for both. she needed someone to love; he needed a wife who would leave him in peace. i really enjoyed the way this unsophisticated woman handled herself when confronted with the attempts against her life. if i remember my austen, i think henry tillney fell in love with catherine because she was so much in love with him. in like fashion, cold, self-centered walderhurst found himself in love with emily because she so absolutely loved him. is the book as good as "a little princess" or "the secret garden"? no, but most books aren't that good, yet i still manage to enjoy quite a few of them. lucy scott is tremendous with a fine expressive voice and she knows the material. alright, i admit it, i love the accent. i have a number of jane eyre versions cd, mp3, dl by various narrators: wanda mccadden, amanda root, susan erickson and of course, lucy scott. even after listening scores of times, i would be hard pressed to choose a favorite. perhaps, like jane austen novels, it is the one i am currently reading or to which i'm listening . i assume you know it is a beauty and the beast story although beauty is definitely in the eye of the beholder. she is not a si swimsuit issue babe unless it is for brains. nevertheless, i find her attractive in the same way all the bronte heroines are. if you recall, catherine morland in "northanger abbey" by jane austen was considered to be "almost pretty", not overly educated or even particularly smart but her principles were written in granite and when push came to shove, like all of austen and bronte heroines, it turns out she had a backbone of carbon steel. as an admirer of both bronte and austen heroines, i tend to compare and contrast although i sure charlotte bronte would be displeased as she had a very low opinion of miss austen re: letter to her editor . just as miss bingley p p never had a chance with darcy even without an elizabeth, miss ingraham never had a shot at mr. rochester even without a jane. look at the treatment of subordinates by these two women. observe the difference between the treatment of adel by the misses eyre and ingraham. so all the time miss bingley and miss ingraham were confidently whispering sweet nothings into ears of their prospective husbands, their behavior painted an unflattering portrait of an impoverished character. one can compare similar relationships in "agnes grey", "villette", et al. there is always something new to think over. how to review this? the title cries out for it to be compared and contrasted with "little women" which would be unfair to this really fine book. here are some authors with works in the same class as "little women": lucy maude montgomery, "anne of green gables"; eleanor h. porter, "pollyanna"; kate douglas smith wiggin, "rebecca of sunnybrook farm"; johanna spyri, "heidi"; frances hodgson burnett, "a little princess", "the secret garden". these works are sui generis. it is simply not fair to compare other works with them even those by the same author. these authors wrote many other really great works see project gutenberg which are not in the same class as the ones above but nevertheless are enjoyable and worthwhile in their own right. not every book is "war and peace" which all acclaim and few read or "pride and prejudice" which almost everyone reads and makes an unsatisfactory except firth ehle movie version. the stars of this book are the boys, however keep an eye on jo and her professor bhaer, who as adults, make the rules. in a good kid's book, it is always the adults who set the standards and provides the framework for growth and development of decent human beings. bearing in mind, this is the 's, twenty years after the war, before antibiotics, modern medicine, air conditioning, phones, etc., the situations, problems and solutions seem quite modern and germane to . most of all, this book is fun. boys are mischievous and will find a way into every kind of trouble. it is interesting how much power the two little girls have over the behavior of the boisterous boys. this is a power innate to women if they choose to exercise it, a forgotten influence in today's world. the narrator, c.m. hebert did her usual fine job of keeping track of children, adults and multi-storylines. report inappropriate content if you find this review inappropriate and think it should be removed from our site, let us know. this report will be reviewed by audible and we will take appropriate action.
__label__non_math	0.9992	active listening is a skill so important that anyone who lacks it is sure to have problems at home and at work. what they didn't teach you in school - but what you'll learn in this program - could be the key to becoming closer to your friends and family as well as becoming a better, stronger leader. dr. tony alessandra p dr. tony alessandra there are no listener reviews for this title yet. report inappropriate content if you find this review inappropriate and think it should be removed from our site, let us know. this report will be reviewed by audible and we will take appropriate action.
__label__non_math	0.9988	ever since jilly coppercorn and geordie riddell were introduced in de lint s first newford story, "timeskip", back in , their friends and readers alike have been waiting for them to realize that they belong together. now, in widdershins, a stand-alone novel of fairy courts set in shopping malls and the bohemian street scene of newford's crowsea area, jilly and geordie s story is finally being told. before it s over, we ll find ourselves plunged into the rancorous and sometimes violent conflict between the magical north american animal people and the more newly arrived fairy folk. we ll watch as jilly is held captive in a sinister world based on her own worst memories and geordie, attempting to help, is sent someplace even worse. and we ll be captivated by the power of love and determination to redeem ancient hatreds and heal old magics gone sour. charles de lint p blackstone audio, inc. as familiarly as though he were chronicling the lives of old friends, de lint spins yet another magical story of the intersections between reality and the faerie and spirit world in this latest addition to the newford opus, his twin loves of storytelling and music-making shining through every page....highly recommended." library journal de lint weaves the individual characters' stories into a tight-knit whole, accompanied by music, love, pugnacity, frustration, and healing. many of his faithful readers see the people he has created as kin they want to keep up with. walk widdershins i.e., counterclockwise once and you may, too. booklist what i love about charles de lint is that he creates worlds that feels so real even though they are completely foreign. you feel like you can step into them and it would somehow make sense. charles de lint takes us into the dreamlands, and the way they are explained and can change quickly; they can easily feel like places in my own dreams. widdershins picks up with geordie and jilly in a timeline after the onion girl. it has been stated,and i agree, that you do not need to read the newford books in order but i would say you should read widdershins after the onion girl. you will get much more out of it. it explores geordie and jilly as a couple and what it takes for them to make the decision to stop being friends and take the nextstep. this is a book where two people who have had extremely bad childhoods and lives get to find happiness. this is not to say that widdershins does not deal with themes of sexual abuse and trauma. it does. it also deals with the necessity of having to deal with ones past instead of locking it away and ignoring it. it is not something someone else can save you from. within the book charles de lint also explores the world of the faerie and the cousins and the unsteady peace found in the dreamlands. manifest destiny did not escape the dreamlands and its effects have some similar issues dealt with in america. there were a few reviews i have read that have found this preachy but i did not find it so and enjoyed it. i highly recommend widdershins. an ongoing de lint character, jilly, has further adventures after onion girl with the fantastical characters of faerie and her love of music, art, and geordie. report inappropriate content if you find this review inappropriate and think it should be removed from our site, let us know. this report will be reviewed by audible and we will take appropriate action.
__label__non_math	0.8953	the authors offer strategies from a to z, starting with "a is for ask", that anyone can use to address their employees' concerns and keep them on the team. learn simple, inexpensive ideas you can use today, and hear examples of how these strategies work in some of the best companies in america. beverly kaye and sharon jordan-evans; p the audio partners, inc. "any manager who dreads losing a top performer would do well to consider this book." amazon.com there are no listener reviews for this title yet. report inappropriate content
__label__non_math	0.9794	in this brilliant debut novel, donna tartt gives us a richly textured and hypnotic story of golden youth corrupted by its own moral arrogance. richard papen had never been to new england before his 19th year. then he arrived at hampeden college and quickly became seduced by the sweet, dark rhythms of campus life - in particular by an elite group of five students; greek scholars, worldly, self-assured, and at first glance, highly unapproachable. yet as richard was accepted and drawn into their inner circle, he learned a terrifying secret that bound them to one another; a secret about an incident in the woods in the dead of night where an ancient rite was brought to brutal life...and led to a gruesome death. and that was just the beginning. donna tartt; p harpercollins publishers, inc. "a mysterious, richly detailed story told by a talented writer." publishers weekly "an enthralling story....the secret history is addictive. chances are you won't be able to listen just once." audiofile "powerful....enthralling....a ferociously well-paced entertainment." the new york times "tartt's voice is unlike that of any of her contemporaries. her beautiful language, intricate plotting, fascinating characters, and intellectual energy make her debut by far the most interesting work yet from her generation." the boston globe it doesn't seem to ever be a good idea to read your own work. i took a chance, and just couldn't listen to this. the narration is so off-putting as to be distracting to me, anyway . an interesting premise that might have been a good story, but i just couldn't get past the presentation. if i had known bunny in high school, he would have never made it to college. i would have already killed him and his annoying leeching ways before any act or sats. i thought the book was well written and was easy to follow. however, the clique of scholars was annoying, and drank like a ut fraternity during greek week . but they did it daily. that would explain the lack of brain cells that made these greek scholars refer so often to dante, an italian writer. the narrator did not annoy me as she has some others. she created the characters and i feel she knew what their voice should be. this one is one you either like or hate. all of its faults considered, i liked it. i felt i had to add a review that supported the author's reading. i thought it was great, and it was a unique opportunity to hear the author read the characters in the voices that she intended for them to have. i don't know why people dislike donna tartt's reading; i've listened to plenty of audiobooks, and i found this one to be one of the best readings i've come across. i loved her voice the vocal inflections she added. it's not exactly a "neutral" reading, though, which maybe is what people disliked. but hey, if you want a robot to read a book to you, then listen to a kindle. the story is very compelling, and the writing is striking original. i loved donna tartt's reading. i have no complaints and highly recommend this audiobook. i am relatively new to the audiobook scene, but i don't need a lot of audio listens under my belt to recommend this book. the plot is fascinating and the characters so well developed. the author's narration is excellent...i was disappointed when the hours were over. every aspect of this selection was a winner. i've listened to more than half of this book, and i had to take a break. unbelievable and unlikable characters, combined with a very slow moving story, topped off with a terrible narrator, made it easy to set this one aside for a while. i would eventually like to know how it ends, but maybe i'll just get the print version from the library and skim the rest. i don't understand why the author is narrating the story. the story is "told" by a male character, and most of the other characters are male as well. the author's attempt to pull off all the male voices is distracting and annoying. i don't recommend this audiobook, and i'm sorry i wasted a credit on it. the narrator's author's voice ruined this one for me. the story was interesting and well-researched if rather farfetched. however, i couldn't get past the fact that neither voice nor accent matched who the characters were supposed to be. i'd read it, not listen to it. the author is a terrible reader. it was a constant challenge to remember that the main character was supposed to be a young man. listening to donna tartt read this book drove me crazy and i finished it only because a friend had recommended the book and i wanted to get to the end of it. it was an overlong story about a group of drug addicted alcoholics. from austen to zombies i read this book years ago when it was first published. i liked it enough then, and i thought i'd give it another "read" on audible. it was a completely different, and better, experience. the protagonist, richard papen, is a bored student in small-town california. longing for escape, he transfers to a private liberal-arts college in vermont. there, he falls in with a tiny group of elite students and begins an intensive study of ancient greek. death, paranoia, and intrigue follow. the printed book was remarkable for its study of how people behave in such small groups--alliances form and dissolve, grudges are nursed, petty slights or tiny acts of kindness are magnified. by the end of my previous reading experience, however, i'd got a bit bored with the debauched rich students. the characters felt well-sketched, but flat. not so with the audio version. the star here is not author narrator donna tartt, although she does do a good job of reading. the real headliner is the atmosphere of tension, overlaid with boredom, overlaid with frustration. the characters are still a bit flat, but their feelings--nervousness, sadness, downright paranoia--are intensified when the words are read aloud, so much so that i found myself sympathizing with the students much more. i could have used fewer depressing tales of drawn-out partying, and at times i wished somebody would just call the rehab wagon. the story itself, however, remains a brilliant look at how an awful event can bring out the worst in everyone it touches. i absolutely love audiobooks. there is simply nothing like having someone read you an engrossing story; not to mention you can get things done while you listen. i always have one on the go. this book was just superb. the story was extremely strong and engrossing. if, like me, you are a murder mystery fan but appreciate a long in depth story with good character development and realistic human relationships this book is for you. the story is a little bit heathers, a little bit the prime of miss jean brodie. reminded me a great deal of special topics in calamity physics. unlike the narrator in calamity physics, though, there's no suggestion that this character is a genius - and yet, we are expected to believe that with only years of non-exclusive greek language study, he has read not only all of plato in greek, but a wide array of other classical literature. it would have been forgivable, i think, had the narration not been so absolutely godawful. the voice of bunny is a high pitched nasal whine, like a voice someone would make while mimicking someone annoying and ineffectual. everyone else sounds more or less alike - slightly nasal, with hints of a southern accent. i'm on the fence about whether i'd recommend this. the story is interesting, although some of the details are pretty unbelievable. but the narration is grating, at best. report inappropriate content
__label__non_math	0.9982	audie award nominee, best teens category, despite the tumor-shrinking medical miracle that has bought her a few years, hazel has never been anything but terminal, her final chapter inscribed upon diagnosis. but when a gorgeous plot twist named augustus waters suddenly appears at cancer kid support group, hazel s story is about to be completely rewritten. insightful, bold, irreverent, and raw, the fault in our stars is award-winning-author john green s most ambitious and heartbreaking work yet, brilliantly exploring the funny, thrilling, and tragic business of being alive and in love. john green p brilliance audio, inc. "an electric portrait of young people who learn to live life with one foot in the grave. filled with staccato bursts of humor and tragedy, the fault in our stars takes a spin on universal themes - will i be loved? will i be remembered? will i leave a mark on this world? - by dramatically raising the stakes for the characters who are asking." jodi picoult, best-selling author of my sister s keeper and sing you home knowledge is knowing the way. wisdom is looking for an alternative, more interesting road to get there. audiobooks are that road. i've never heard of john green nor did i know this was a young adult book or i may have passed on it completely. i chose it because of all the star ratings. there's no way to sugarcoat this. this book is about teenagers with cancer. hazel grace lancaster, the narrator, is and carries an oxygen tank with her everywhere. augustus waters lost his leg to cancer. these two teens meet in a support group and eventually fall in love. although the disease is always front and center, green does an excellent job of creating an adventure that is not related to their illness. he has worked a beautiful story around it in order to follow something more important; a dream to meet peter van houten, an author who lives in the netherlands. hazel needs to find out what ultimately happens to a character in one of his books and augustus is going to do everything in his power to help her make that dream come true. these two teenagers are so inspiring they treat cancer like more of an inconvenience than a life sentence, a real life lesson on many different levels. i connected to these teens and to their parents. i can honestly say i "enjoyed" this book, it was funny, haunting and tragic all at the same time. don't pass on it because of the big "c", you'll be missing quite a gem. kate rudd brought hazel to life. she did an excellent job with the narration. me, myself, and i. there are books that you experience in a state of welcoming bliss. they stick with you because you needed to read them just right now. and somehow the universe converged at the perfect moment to drop a wonderful story about this or that into your hands. you read with great fervor the adventures, sadness, mystery, or humor of your fictional doppleganger, and when you are done, you feel awash in both elation and deflation, wondering if you will ever find another story like this one. this was not one of those stories. it could have been, and at times it seemed on the verge of becoming one of them, but it ended and i did not feel that. i have no doubt that it probably instills in others the feelings that i wrote about above. for me, i experienced the roller coaster of hazel grace's young life and was properly enchanted, worried, and hopeful for her. i think that i wanted something even more profound in the end, and it just wasn't there for me. this, in no way, should discourage you from reading this story. it is beautifully written and wonderfully executed. kate rudd does a fantastic job of bringing hazel grace to life, to the point that i'm not sure they aren't the same person. this story of life, and its byproduct cancer, is filled with moments of pure happiness, humor, and devastating sadness. john green's compelling storytelling is on full display here, and i cannot fault the story for any shortcomings. an excellent read no matter what my unreasonable expectations may have been. laura the listener i laughed, i cried, i fell in love with the characters. the narrator captures teenage sarcasm perfectly. the description of this book doesn't do it justice. i picked it up at the recommendation of a couple friends and loved it from the first word. listen to this book. reading is a discount ticket to everywhere i would place this one near the top of the ya titles i've sampled. i enjoyed the couple's time in amsterdam. i liked the author of hazel's book. he was flawed, humorous, and inevitably redeemable. i also thought the simplistic drawing of the circle diagram was hilarious. i did cry at the end and chuckle during the middle. john green has the ability to insert humor at almost every turn. this was his best attempt at creating sadness. sure, i'd love to hear your story.... as i get farther away from being a young adult, i find myself drawn more towards that time in my life to understand how i feel now. and john green is my favorite author to stir up the emotions and perspectives that time in our lives holds. these characters brought joy and pain into my life as a person who has watched a loved one die from cancer, as a parent trying to shield their kids from pain, and as a flawed adult worried about the legacy i'll leave behind. mr. green does this without taking shortcuts or using the mystical or seeking easy answers. as reported by others, i could listen to kate rudd read a phone book and be happy. fortunately this is quite far from that and only serves to make the best book i've heard in a long time even better. i think i owe audible an extra "credit" for this one. "never trust anyone who has not brought a book with them." --lemony snicket it doesn t matter that john green s target audience is teenagers his characters are smart, honest, and funny no matter how old you are, and the universal themes captured in this book are, well, universal. terminal cancer may not be the most uplifting of plotlines, but don t let that stop you from listening to this wonderful story. though i ve listened to john green before will grayson, will grayson was also really good there is no friend as loyal as a book. ernest hemingway nothing i say or don't say can make you understand how wonderful this book truly is, but believe me when i tell you that you are making the right choice by buying it. i mean seriously, this story could have been boring and depressing, instead, i find it fun, interesting, touching and insightful. i simply did not want it to end i've rarely read a book that is filled with such raw honesty, so when i come across one, i appreciate it. i was perfectly able to connect with the characters. i couldn't detect a single trace of fakeness in them. the fault in our stars isn't just some random book you read and forget, as i'm sure in my case, it will stick in my head for a very long time. kate rudd did a phenomenal, outstanding job narrating this highly emotional read. considering the subject matter and the emotionally charged nature of this book, it would have been so easy to overdo the narration. but kate rudd s performance was perfection, bringing to life these amazing characters and telling this heart-wrenching story so naturally that it was as if i was listening to hazels private thoughts. and yes, i could still recognize a great narration even when i don t know how i heard anything over the sobbing mess i was reduced to throughout this book. i highly recommend this audiobook experience to anyone that is interested in reading this book. the story itself, well, i mean its john green so of course it was amazing. i love this man s writing. it s like he effortlessly creates these wonderfully realistic characters; characters that i d want to know, that i d want to become friends with. and by the end of the book, i feel like i do know them and that we ve been friends forever and i m so emotionally entwined in the story that its actually difficult to move on to another book when it is over. i felt like that with will grayson, will grayson, and i certainly feel like that with this incredible book. i don t know that there are many of us whose lives have not been touched in some way by cancer, but even if it hasn t, almost everybody has lost a loved one too early and has felt the utter unfairness of that loss. the fault in our stars is the story of several kids suffering from cancer and is told from their perspective. it is unapologetically and brutally honest, morbidly humorous, simply just real. this book was so filled with unfiltered truth that it was almost uncomfortable to read in some places. but i still recommend that you do. by the end of this book, i had cried so many tears that the front of my shirt was wet, and days later i m still tearing up as i recall the story while i write this review. the fault in our stars was a powerful, emotionally intense, and incredibly important read. i highly recommend it to anyone regardless of genre. i absolutely loved this story. i am not the kind of person who cries at movies or goes awww during romantic moments, but this book is different. i laughed out loud at parts and i did cry a bit... only a few tears, but for me that is huge john green outdid himself with this unbelievably touching story. the characters are amazing individuals who you like immediately. you enter a world where the character's problems are on such a different level that it feels almost foreign and you can lose yourself in it. i don't want to drone on over every detail because that will ruin its twists and turns for all who read this review so i will keep it brief. this story reminds us to be present in life and appreciate the things we take for granted. please read this book, you will absolutely fall in love with it. you will feel for these characters and perhaps see life from a new perspective. thanks to this story my life, "is a roller coaster that only goes up...." my friends. narrator: did a great job with both male and female voices. the accents sounded authentic. a perfect choice for this book. i couldn't imagine the story being told any other way. easily one of the best readings i've heard on audible. yes. but i didn't and i'm glad i didn't. not that the book didn't call for it. it actually screamed for it to be honest. the performance begged for it as well. she was brilliant. my drive was over and felt that a break would be best. you won't regret this purchase. like all good stories i don't want to ruin one detail for you. but i believe you will want to buy the ebook as well. to many things to highlight, to reread, to contemplate. i'm not saying skip the audio book. this one is to well done to decide between the two. i would really like it if audible started to offer a bundle of the two.. even if it cost extra. report inappropriate content
__label__non_math	0.8150	it is the position of the american academy of audiology that the doctor of audiology au.d. degree awarded by educational institutions should conform to the descriptions of clinical "first professional degrees" published by the united states department of education . educational programs for the au.d. degree that are not consistent with this definition should not receive accreditation. the transition from the master's degree to the au.d. degree as the "first-professional degree" in audiology is rooted in the conviction that the educational models adopted approximately years ago are inadequate to support the needs of individuals served by audiologists. the united states department of education describes first-professional degrees in clinical fields of dentistry, medicine, optometry, osteopathy, pharmacy, and podiatry as requiring years of study following undergraduate preparation. the four-year design is not arbitrary, but was put into place on the basis of the collective experience of the health care professions that are held in high esteem. the vast majority of residential programs leading to the au.d. degree require four years of study after completion of a baccalaureate degree. the recent emergence of au.d. programs that require only three years of post-baccalaureate education and clinical training is likely to create confusion among prospective students, licensing boards, and the public. the consequences of the departure of the three-year programs from the united states department of education descriptions of first professional degrees represent a significant threat to the progress that the profession of audiology is making to achieve autonomy from other healthcare professions.
__label__math	0.9854	date prev date next thread prev thread next date index thread index re: input device on jun , at , bernhard laback wrote: on of my colleagues asks for the following question: dear list, for an audiological test we need a device to manually adjust the level of a test-stimulus. ideally it should be a kind of potentiometer. there should be drivers available to read its values out on a windows nt or system. do you have an idea if there are products we could use for this? sound cards do this using the "mixer" control. it's pretty crude in windows, but some sound cards are capable of very good dynamic range when properly controlled. my daqarta system gets over 120 db from a standard sound blaster, but it is a real-mode dos program so it won't work here. nevertheless, you might want to experiment with the standard windows mixer and whatever sound card you've got. d a q a r t a data acquisition and real-time analysis shareware from interstellar research
__label__non_math	0.9999	rolando laurio deegan, , seven-year wal-mart employee in independence, kan., passed away, sunday, , in wichita. visitation will be held from -a.m. with family greeting friends on wednesday, nov. . funeral service will be at a.m. also on wednesday, nov. , both at dunsford funeral home, augusta. interment to follow in elmwood cemetery, augusta. rolando was born , in masbate, philippines to rogelio and salvacion lusanta laurio. they preceded him. he graduated from high school and attended two years of technical engineering school. he is survived by: his sons, jacob and elijah deegan; daughter, michaela deegan all of neodesha; adoptive parents, dennis deegan of eureka and nenita deegan of durham, north carolina; brother, marcelo deegan, manila, philippines; sister, lorena canedy of augusta; mother of his children, amy deegan, neodesha; half-brother, bernard haller, durham, north carolina; half sisters, angie butler, durham, north carolina and mariteas deegan of emporia. memorial to the "deegan children's college fund" in care of the funeral home.
__label__non_math	0.9954	season - bowman pulls down cciw honor augustana senior matt bowman geneva hs, elburn, ill. was selected as the runner of the week in the college conference of illinois wisconsin. bowman s strong performance helped the vikings finish second at the brissman-lundeen invitational at augustana college in rock island, illinois on saturday, september . it was an impressive second place finish for head coach paul olsen s crew as they beat four nationally ranked teams. augustana, ranked sixth in the latest u.s. track field cross country coaches association division iii mideast regional poll, was one of three teams ranked in the top to compete at the meet. wisconsin-stevens point, ranked fifth, took the team title with points. augustana finished second with points while wisconsin-whitewater, the seventh ranked team in regional poll, placed third with points. olivet nazarene took fourth 138 , truman state was fifth 150 and greenville placed sixth 263 . the field also included a couple of ranked teams in the division iii central regional poll. cornell college, ranked ninth, finished tenth in the team scores with 307 points. grinnell, the number one ranked team in the central region, finished 16th with 415 points. bowman led the way for augustana with with a fourth place finish and a time of over the ,000 meter course. the vikings had ten runners run a time of or faster. tim thornburg of wisconsin-stevens point won the individual race with a time of while teammates terry witkowski and joel heroux finished second and third with times of and , respectively. earlier this year, bowman finished second overall at the western illinois invitational in a time of leading the vikings to a team victory over a field that included western illinois, a division i school. the next week bowman was the second viking runner to cross the line at the illinois intercollegiate championships. he finished in a time of , which was good for a 26th place finish in a field made up of the top college runners in the state of illinois. augustana, which has only lost to two ncaa division iii schools this year north central at the illinois intercollegiate meet on september and this past week to wisconsin-stevens point at the brissman-lundeen invitational on september will have a weekend off before they head to waverly, iowa to run at the wartburg invite on saturday, october . bowman, the son of gary bowman of geneva, illinois and linda bowman of elburn, illinois, is an art history major.
__label__non_math	0.9998	i am delighted with the launch of our new website which i hope you find helpful. the idea began two years ago when our family where looking for an experienced au pair to live with us. over the course of the next two years we paid a number of au pair agencies an annual fee.the service from these agencies was very good but i felt that in these difficult economic times offering a free service au pair website would be far more appealing to everyone. security notice - we live for our children so please always make the necessary background checks on anyone that applies for the position you advertise. these security precautions also apply to au pairs looking for host families. we advise that you find out as much useful information about the family before making travel arrangements. best wishes warren logan aupair.ie director
__label__non_math	0.9961	- follow us much as they did in their collaboration the hurt locker, director kathryn bigelow and two-time screenwriter mark boal eye the line where suspense resides and push straight through to stress, to agitation. as a cinematic experience, zero dark thirty can be downright punishing a word not chosen lightly, given that u.s.-sanctioned torture figures prominently here and has been courting controversy since even before the film s release. some critics have wagged that zero dark thirty is pro-torture, while other government officials have complained that the film oversells the efficacy of the enhanced interrogation techniques that for many came to define the bush era. but dramatization of a thing is not the same as an endorsement of it, and bigelow and boal make it plain that the intelligence extracted via torture was compromised at best and, frequently, flat wrong. but you don t tell this story of the cia s decade-long manhunt for osama bin laden without including torture, and pussyfooting around that would have only roused the ire of a different set of critics. bigelow is not a kid-glove kind of filmmaker. she opens with a stark black screen and audio of real-life voicemails left by victims just moments before the world trade center collapsed. it s a measure of the seriousness of her intentions that this opening gambit doesn t feel instantly exploitative. the audio runs as a precursor to an extended torture scene, led by a scary, charismatic operative named dan clarke , who calls his prisoner kateb bro. the proximity between these scenes could be misread as an apologia. i think it s just context: the jihadis aren t the only ones who believe they are fighting a holy war. cia analyst maya chastain, riveting is a new recruit to that war. you can chart her evolution from that first torture scene, in which she is a smart-suited observer and green around the gills, to several years into her tenure in pakistan, where she now leads the interrogation and taps a strong-arm to do the punching for her. the blood runs cold at that casual tap, but the filmmakers don t underscore the moment with a close-up, don t chew it over with any psychoanalytic monologuing. this isn t that kind of movie. it s a mistake to confuse zero dark thirty for truth that would be a disservice to the high level of craftsmanship, from first-billed actors to below-the-line production crew, at work in this movie fiction but there is admirably little fat on its bones. no love interests, no backstories, no b-plot about maya s childhood: zero dark thirty is as ruthlessly, relentlessly single-minded as she is about the hunt for bin laden. zero dark thirty, kathryn bigelow, jessica chastain, joel edgerton, chris pratt, jason clarke, jennifer ehle, kyle chandler, harold perrineau, mark strong, dgar ramirez, fares fares, james gandolfini, reda kateb
__label__non_math	0.9942	lion feels more organized; its interface is also pleasant. lion incorporates some bits of its famously fun ios the operating system used by the iphone into lion, allowing the system to be controlled by intuitive finger swipes. and launchpad allows you to launch, uninstall and organize your apps like you do on your idevices. another feature, airdrop, is really useful for all-mac offices or homes. airdrop simplifies file sharing on a network, by allowing files to be sent back and forth between computers in the same network, similar to bluetooth transfers. and instead of having to launch or switch to a browser to search wikipedia, spotlight will now allow wikipedia searches from right within os x. choosing the search wikipedia option will launch lion s built-in dictionary app and display the relevant entry. lion offers free hd video chatting; it comes with facetime built in, allowing you to start video chats with any lion, iphone, ipod touch or ipad user. the service is integrated right into address book, allowing contacts to be reached easily. if you use ical and mail a lot, you ll like the contemporary new lion features of these apps, which improve workflow significantly. mail, for example, offers new, more user-friendly conversation views. if you re currently running snow leopard . , an upgrade to lion costs only . . if you have an older version of the mac os, drop by austin macworks to determine your best upgrade path.
__label__non_math	0.9998	miracle, n. mrk l forms: maracle, -kle, meracull, -kill, mercle, miracil, -cyl, -kel, myrakil l, -kyl, ? meracle, myrrakull ?myracle, mirakelle, -ylle, ? mirackle, miracule, mirakill, mirakle, myrackle, ? miracle. a. of. miracle, ad. l. miraculum object of wonder in eccl. l. miracle , f. mirari to wonder, f. mir-us wonderful. cf. pr. miracle, sp. milagro, pg. milagre, it. what's in a protestors rallied in belgrade, calling for the resignation of president slobodan milosevic of nsw: no beating around the bush in braidwood sydney morning one little school defies those who believe our public education system has gone to the dogs tas: concern over cuts to tassie uni staff the mercury new figures showing a sharp increase in the ratio of tertiary students to teachers have fuelled fears about a major deterioration in the quality of tasmania's tertiary reassures nursing degree will continue abc deakin university is concerned there may be misconceptions its nursing degree offered in mount isa will cease when a james cook university-run course starts in the city next uk: exam record set again bbc a quarter of a million a level students get their results on thursday in much of the uk - and once again there has been a record number of passes. usa: ban upheld on religious ad at school in a unanimous decision, a state appeals court has upheld a lower court ruling against a downey businessman who wanted to display the ten commandments on a fence at the downey high school baseball field. china: western academics held after carrying out interviews in tibet authorities have detained an american and australian who were conducting interviews in a remote area of the tibetan plateau that has been targeted for world bank aid. uk: schools accused of manipulating a-level entries the times a level results published today hit record heights for the 17th year in succession, as evidence emerged of schools manipulating entries to improve their "league" positions. more than per cent of the 852,000 entries passed, with the biggest improvement in grade as, so that one paper in six is now in the top category. uk: couple win fight over school fees the times a couple who withdrew their daughter from a private school after complaining of falling standards have won a court battle over unpaid fees of more than ,000. hackers screw up the sound microsoft has admitted that hackers have broken the anti-piracy system of its latest internet music software, only days after it was released. ms' massive y2k campaign wired the software maker will send million emails and snail mails to customers, reminding them to update computers before the odometer changes to . christmas virus designed to hit computer security experts discover a new virus that is designed to damage windows-based personal computers on socog soothes staff over band ire sydney morning herald the board of sydney's olympic organising committee has sought to end damaging disputes with socog's staff stemming debate about its role. track program on the line in crisis dash sydney morning herald socog's vice-president, mr john coates, left australia yesterday on a crisis mission that may test his diplomatic skills against one of the toughest powerbrokers in world olympic wrestlers in bid for asylum the australian the entire romanian junior wrestling team is seeking political asylum in australia on the eve of its olympic test event in sydney. china's nuclear threat to us in taiwan row sydney morning herald china warned yesterday that it was ready to fight over taiwan and that its nuclear weapons could "deal with" aircraft carriers if the united states dared to law targets hanson as one nation axed sydney morning herald one nation has been struck off queensland's political register, leaving its five state mps without a party and its embattled leadership troika seeking urgentlegal advice as investigations into possible criminal charges began new perspective on what it is to be a dinky-di kate beynon is your typical aussie. she was born in hong kong of chinese and european parents and came to australia in , aged four. her partner, mike, is dark-skinned, and their five-month-old son, rali, is a laughing, cuddly, coffee-coloured mixture of the lot.
__label__non_math	1.0000	efforts to achieve peace in the middle east have for decades been a priority of german foreign policy. in addition to the israeli-palestinian conflict, there are new challenges such as iran s nuclear programme and the upheaval in north africa morethe middle east, the maghreb the european union is the biggest political success story of the past years. europe is a community of shared values, not only an economic area. peace and freedom, prosperity and security are among its achievements. the project europe will continue to offer opportunities for all.
__label__math	0.9005	deciphering the function and regulation of auts2 university of california, san francisco autism is a neurodevelopmental disorder with complex genetic and environmental causes. many gene mutations have been associated with autism; however, they explain only a small part of the genetic cause for this disorder. of our genome does not encode for protein and is thus termed noncoding. in this noncoding space are gene regulatory sequences that tell genes when, where and at what amount to turn on or off. mutations in these gene regulatory elements could thus be an important cause of autism. despite the potential importance of these noncoding gene regulatory regions in autism susceptibility, very few studies have been performed trying to implicate them in this disorder. this pilot study focuses on a strong autism candidate gene, the autism susceptibility candidate auts2 gene. mutations in its regulatory elements have been associated with autism and its function is not well known. using both zebrafish and mice as the model organisms, the project aims to identify noncoding gene regulatory sequences of auts2. the fellow will then look to see if any individuals with autism have mutations in the regulatory regions identified. they will also reduce the expression of this gene in zebrafish and look for abnormalities to further clarify its function. this study promises to further our understanding of how differences in the noncoding region of the genome can lead to autism. it also aims to advance our understanding of a gene of unknown function that has been implicated in autism.
__label__non_math	0.6158	the japanese automaker suzuki products range in europe is limited, yet very recognizable by customers. for many years, in his catalog have constantly found the suzuki swift and suzuki grand vitara , the two vehicle from the model flag, which we could join the suzuki alto even though their turnover is much lower. having said that, the company covers more segments and occasionally endeavor to go into new ventures such as that recently tried using the suzuki kizashi sedan. suzuki s-cross concept sketch while in the coming years will be the turn of the arrival of a new crossover that relates to complete the range of models of the brand, that s one s own grand vitara and suzuki jimny fireproof. they recently announced which the impending paris motor show will current the suzuki s-cross concept, a prototype which will advance the lines of upcoming generation crossover suzuki is launching to compete in the segment overloaded suv compact. suzuki s-cross concept ahead of paris auto show the announcement arrives about weeks before that would initiate the hall but, though the end is near, suzuki has chose to leave us with the mystery and give us just a couple of images. the suzuki s-cross concept first is the sketch we see at the beginning, which can be seen sporting a fantastic line by using a drop ceiling oval. in the front we find a strong front, integrating the suzuki logo in large headlights and clean shapes. in fact, in the second image we see in more detail the looks of your headlights, that here are offered in color and not as a sketch. technologies led for all functions plus a strip of leds led daytime running lights for a show modernity of your whole, despite the fact that it need to be borne in mind that is a prototype. for now this really is the many info we now have, during the coming weeks we are going to know a lot more information of the product that may be really critical in the future programs of suzuki. suzuki s-cross concept
__label__non_math	0.9998	mercedes c280 coil springs a pair of mercedes c280 coil springs leaf springs from autoaccessoriesgarage.com is what you need when you are looking for additional performance. mercedes c280 coil springs leaf springs are rugged enough for anything from the track to the highway thanks to rugged construction. on top of that, to guarantee a right-on fit on your mercedes, each leaf spring or coil spring is custom-designed to your precise c280. you'll find every type of mercedes leaf springs coil springs with budget-friendly prices at auto accessories garage. our mercedes-benz c280 leaf springs coil springs reviews have an average rating of .out of stars.
__label__non_math	0.9778	click above image to view live high-res pics of the cadillac cts sport the new cadillac cts already has enough angles to get an a in geometry. if you take all those angles and sharpen them up reventon-style, then sneeze some carbon fiber at it, you get this: the cadillac cts sport concept. this is the kind of exercise that could tip over into "whoa," but all thanks be to gm that it doesn't. well, except for the -inch dubs and yellow brake calipers, but we can let a little excess slide -- it is sema after all. carbon fiber makes copious appearances on the altered front and rear fascias and trims things like the fender extractors. led beauty is the order of the day, with led trim in the headlights, a beautiful set of export taillights and why don't we get those? , and leds in the brake ducts in the lower front fascia. and there are two words for the onstar antenna: land shark. go-time comes courtesy of the 304-hp .6l engine with a cat-back exhaust blowing out .-inch square, chromed apertures. and check out that rear diffuser. hot.inside sources tell us that you're basically looking at the body of the forthcoming cts-v here, so soak it up in the high-res gallery below.
__label__non_math	0.9986	click above for a gallery of the nats gt-k with the detroit auto show finally winding down, we can turn our attention to the east or west, depending on your continental perspective to take in the motoring madness and engineering wizardry coming out of the tokyo auto salon. each year, japan's top tuners descend on the makuhari messe to show their wares to the public and press, and with over a year to develop, modify and produce components for the mitsubishi evolution x, subaru impreza wrx sti and the new darling of the aftermarket scene the nissan gt-r this year's show had the potential to trump anything we've seen out of tokyo in the last decade. by many accounts, it did, and with the help of autoblog chinese and some of our favorite jdm-obsessed sites, we'll be bringing you the best tas has to offer. since we'll be focusing almost exclusively on the products that make you go faster and stick harder, we'll get the weird out of the way right now. behold the nats gt-k. captured by our friends at leblogauto, the gt-k is based on the suzuki cappuccino, and aside from the gt-r duds, the kei car features a modified version of the 657cc dohc inline-three equipped with a larger turbo and intercooler, along with a coilover suspension, upgraded brakes and a set of gloriously hideous -inch chrome wheels. we were able to keep our dinner down long enough to look at nats' 911-inspired cappuccino, at which point we grabbed the nearest trash can and heaved away. ambition: . execution: . more to follow. stay tuned...
__label__non_math	0.9583	land rover freelander review the compact land rover freelander has a comfortable drive, a strong diesel engine and excellent off-road ability with the arrival of the excellent range rover evoque, it's easy to forget about the other compact land rover in the range the freelander . but you shouldn't because it offers a comfortable driving experience, brilliant off-road ability and is very well made. it's not as sporty to drive as a bmw x3 and it's expensive to buy, too. but the freelander is well worth a look, especially as it was revised at the end of , with stylish new lights and a neater interior. our choice: frelander 188bhp .sd4 gs video: watch carbuyer's video review of the freelander the land rover freelander has a chunky shape that borrows design cues from larger models such as the range rover, yet has a look all of its own. the front end is imposing but it's quite car-like in the flesh, rather than an aggressive suv. the latest versions have updated headlights, grilles and new bumpers along with some shinier chrome accents. all models come with alloy wheels as standard. inside, the dashboard is a quality affair with upmarket soft-touch materials along with wood and metal trim. the updates late in have removed the 'terrain response' dial in favour of two small buttons, and the centre console has been tidied up substantially. nevertheless, the range rover evoque does make it look rather dated both inside and out. gone are the days when land rover offered a petrol engine in the freelander - now the range is diesel only. choose from a 148bhp or 188bhp .-litre turbocharged unit; we'd go for the latter as it never feels underpowered, has lots more low-end torque for easy overtaking and is swift with -60mph taking .seconds and a top speed of 118mph. it's a bit noisy at start-up, but quiet on the move, and gets a six-speed automatic gearbox as standard, while other units have a six-speed manual. the auto is smooth and suits the freelander well. around corners, the freelander isn't as precise or involving as a bmw x3 or an audi q5 or its sister car, the range rover evoque. it has too much body roll and steering that is a little vague. the upside is that it is extremely comfortable, and excels at cushioning occupants from bumpy roads. sadly, while the freelander is quiet around town, its boxy shape generates a lot of wind noise on the motorway. still should the going get tough than the freelander will tackle rough terrain much more easily than any of its rivals. you get a host of airbags as standard on the land rover freelander including front, side and curtain 'bags while it also features traction and stability control to enhance the car's already excellent levels of grip. reliability is a different matter the first generation freelander was one of the most troublesome cars on uk roads, with owners constantly visiting their dealer. this latest version is a vast improvement, but we would still advise caution, despite the improved build quality and new engines. however, it is worth noting that the current freelander was awarded a full five-star rating in the euro ncap crash tests, putting it at the top of its class. the freelander is well suited to the rough and tumble of family life with a big boot that has 755 litres of load space with the rear seats in place and a massive ,670 litres with them down. that beats the bmw x3 by a long way plus it features heavy duty, wipe clean materials on the boot floor and lots of cubby holes throughout the cabin. front seat space is very good but knee room in the back could be better. you sit up high and enjoy a commanding view of the road ahead, thanks to a wide windscreen and relatively narrow a-pillars. large glass areas behind the driver make it easier than most suvs to reverse park, too. off-road, the freelander beats more on-road focused rivals like the audi q5 and bmw x3 hands down thanks to its excellent terrain response system, which features a number of modes to tackle different surfaces and limited grip levels. although be aware that entry-level versions and the ed4 do miss out on this impressive electronic system. the cheapest way to run a land rover freelander is to go for the entry-level front-wheel drive 148bhp ed4 model which gets stop-start and returns .1mpg while emitting 158g km of co2. by comparison, the 188bhp 4x4 version posts 40mpg and 185g km not bad but not great when you consider a 184bhp .0d bmw x3 beats both models, returning .4mpg and emitting just 149g km of co2. the freelander is expensive to buy, especially when you consider top-spec models are within reach of the cheapest range rover evoques. however, residuals are strong due to strong brand image. servicing costs are likely to be average for the class and equipment levels are good. even entry-level s models get air-con, while gs versions add cruise control, climate control, terrain response and parking sensors. further up the range xs models have electric seats and sat-nav, while flagship hse models boast leather trim and a cd changer. hse lux and dynamic models were added late in , focusing on providing the ultimate in luxury and sportiness respectively - with subtle visual changes to differentiate them from the rest of the range.
__label__non_math	0.9762	mazda mx-miata vs mini roadster cooper s does japan make a better roadster than the brits? by colum wood, . photography and video by adam wood and chris blanchette. watch the video below and it s obvious that there was little agreement in the autoguide office about which of these two roadsters is the better car. despite the mini roadster being the latest in a long line of two-seater sports cars from the land of the redcoats, when it comes to the key qualities of style, fun and value, it s obvious that the japanese make a superior british roadster, even to the british. sports car looks or sports car style? starting with the design, the mx-is not off to a good start. while it may have a general shape that s more in keeping with what a sportscar should be, there s little else to recommend it. it s lines convey little in the way of emotion and if the miata s reputation as a chick car wasn t enough to keep the testosterone-endowed out of the driver s seat, mazda s smiley face front bumper will. the mini on the other hand is fashion forward. in fact, it s likely the brand s design characteristics are far more important for the majority of owners than it s fun-to-drive nature. one could easily bestow the girls car moniker upon it, though outfitted in cooper s trim with some nice racing stripes and larger wheels helps give it a slightly more masculine appearance. switch over to the interior and the same themes carry forward, though with differing results. the mx- a base sport model in our test is definitely simplistic. as a result, however, it s incredibly easy to use with every button and switch where it should be. get the flash player to see this player. fancy or functional? the mini on the other hand; oh how the interior controls are to be loathed. a stylistic home run, practicality is absent. the comical center speedomer can be ignored, though the toggle switches stand out like a flaw on one of jerry seinfeld s girlfriends. even comparing the shifters and the miata s is tiny, with short and precise throws, and located exactly where you hand rests. the mini on the other hand has a knob the size of a baseball and a stick the size of a bat. getting behind the wheel of each car continues to show just how dramatically different the two roadsters are. the mini s seats are rather upright and lack any bolstering at all, feeling like a comfortable park bench or a corolla. the mazda on the other hand hugs you on the sides and sucks you in, like you re a part of the car. as a result it s hard to deny that the mini is the more suitable driving position for every day use, allowing you to relax more while offering a more commanding view of the road. in the mx-you feel as every drive is going to be a white-knuckle affair. the focused nature of the mx-is evident throughout the cabin as well, with little in the way or storage or space. the mini on the other hand comes with a shelf behind the driver, perfect for tossing a laptop or a purse. it also boasts a pass through to the trunk, which is significantly larger than the miata s. numbers like .cu-ft mini and .cu-ft mazda are hard to visualize, but do give the idea that there s percent more space in the mini, with large trunk opening for easy access and the ability to store much taller objects. the fun factor having driven the mini first we were convinced the mx-would be disappointing. we were wrong. for starters, the low and tight seating position of this purist s machine hints at a track-tuned suspension that will beat you up on rough roads. quite the opposite is true. in fact, the miata is smooth and soaks up bumps with ease, being dramatically more comfortable than the mini, which feels as though it has cinderblocks for suspension components. what a surprise, not to mention a disappointment, that the high-riding mini cabin is so uncomfortable to live with, while the engaging drive of the miata delivers actual comfort. execute your very first turn, at any speed, and it s immediately obvious why the mx-has its own spec racing series. the car simply rotates around you like you re sitting at the very axis between the wheels. the mini, while no slouch in the handling department, feels disconnected, as though everything is going on three feet below your bum. a major factor in both cars is the steering, with the mx-being significantly more responsive to inputs. we were equally surprised by the power deliver in the mx-. for starters the mini roadster in turbocharged cooper s trim makes a solid dose more power at 181 hp, not to mention 177 lb-ft 192 in overboost . like a toy you don t get tired of playing with, it s tremendous fun to lay on the throttle hard and feel the boost build, hearing the turbo spool and then the exhaust pop and crack behind you. the mazda by comparison makes just 167 hp and is down considerably in the torque department with just 140 lb-ft. the reward, however, is in the feel, with the sheer pleasure of a naturally aspired .-liter meaning the engine always responds immediately. the larger .-liter of the mazda is also considerably more refined, with the direct-injection mini motor clacking away like a diesel. comparatively the mini is more for those who want to pretend to go fast, toying with boost and listening to the sounds. despite the outright power differences there is no clear victor when it comes to acceleration, thanks in part to the miata weighing 300 lbs less at just ,445 lbs. where the turbocharged mini does have an advantage is in the fuel economy department with a mpg rating city highway compared to just for the mazda. votes for value with many of the same features available on both cars, our testers were not similarly equipped, with the mini boasting leather, keyless access with a push button ignition, an outrageously good harman kardon audio system and bluetooth which refused to sync with one of our phones . the mini had none of the above, though for good reason, priced well below at ,250. a base mini roadster can be had for less, though at ,000 more than the mx-. and with just 121 hp, none of the fun of a turbocharger and a zero to mph time of just .seconds seconds in the automatic , it s not a comparison worth making. the mx-on the other hand, while poorly equipped in our comparison, can be had very nicely equipped for around ,000. for the record, both soft-top models are equally easy to use, and with a little flexibility and some upper body strength, can be open and closed from the driver s seat. an argument can be made for the mini s high-ride, easy access and a driving position that doesn t demand that you re always ready to race, though much of that is cancelled out by the excessively harsh suspension. the mx-miata on the other hand, surprises with the most comfortable drive while being the easy victor when it comes to both value and driving enjoyment. lacking in the right-brain style department, the feel behind the wheel is more than enough to appease you hedonistic tendencies, while there are more than enough sensible left-brain reasons to opt for the mazda. it s rare that the smart choice is also the one that s the most fun. in this case, it is.
__label__non_math	0.9990	bmw 850csi turn signal switch parts and technical articles if you ever have a problem with your order, we will do our best to correct the problem. we keep all your information strictly private. allowing you to save cash on bmw 850csi turn signal switch parts is our specialty. find the best quality and lowest prices on bmw 850csi turn signal switch parts through our website. our extensive catalog of auto parts is sure to impress you. our professional sales staff is ready to take your order. every bmw 850csi turn signal switch parts has been discounted to wholesale or lower to give you the best deal possible. if you want an unbelievable selection of the high quality bmw 850csi turn signal switch parts at discounted prices, autohausaz is your bmw 850csi turn signal switch parts source. bmw 850csi radiator fan switch bmw 850csi ac switch see what customers have to say about autohaus arizona jason o. - apo, ae: i just thought i would let you guys know that i'm happy to be doing business with you. i'm sure glad i found you david w. - co clare, ireland: parts received, fast and efficient service, great value. thanks.
__label__non_math	0.9950	mazda miata parts and technical articles having a convertible is just about the ultimate when it comes to the driving of automobiles. mazda miata parts make this door convertible the enjoyable machine that it is. the engine in this vehicle is a .liter inline cylinder. the inline configuration produces more power than a tradition cylinder internal combustion engine. this engine also consists of a double overhead cam, variable valve timing, and valves for every cylinder. discount mazda miata parts also need to include a multi-point fuel injection system. all of these components together help to produce 178 horsepower with 140 ft. lb. torque. this convertible can get respectable fuel economy as well. it gets an estimated miles per gallon on the highway and miles per gallon in the city. mazda miata parts include one of three possible transmissions. there is the speed manual transmission, the speed automatic transmission, and the speed manual transmission. all transmission options provide you with smooth shifting. the braking system has several discount mazda miata parts that help to make this machine safe as well as enjoyable. it has wheel anti-lock brakes with discs. of those discs are even the superior ventilated discs. the miata also has electronic brake distribution. the suspension helps to make this ride smooth and responsive. the independent wishbone front suspension with a stabilizer bar and coil springs, and the independent multi-link rear suspension with a stabilizer bar and coil springs are mazda miata parts that make the driving experience smooth. shop auto parts from anywhere in the world using our online ordering system. start buying mazda miata parts for what your mechanic does. if you place your mazda miata parts order before mst, it will ship within one business day. autohausaz is a company you can trust. autohausaz is the best site to buy mazda miata parts. online purchasing of mazda miata auto parts is the future of fixing your vehicle. we service hundreds of thousands of customers online. part l2030- mazda miata control arm bushing part r1130- mazda miata ac evaporator part g3000- mazda miata water pump part l2030- mazda miata control arm bushing see what customers have to say about autohaus arizona thomas m. - jacksonville, fl: just wanted to comment on great service. you shipped my last order in a matter of hours after i placed glen c. - columbia, mo: thank you very much for your great service. yes i will be utilizing autohausaz in the future. i have used several online suppliers over the years and your service stands out as the best. i recommend your services to other enthusiasts. keep up the fine work.
__label__non_math	1.0000	home shop by brand honeywell honeywell accessories honeywell mobile computer accessories honeywell lxe marathon accessories honeywell lxe marathon power honeywell marathon dock:cigarette adapte 12v dc input to 12v dc output p n fx1312pwrsply free shipping on orders over some restrictions apply. click here for details. you save: . - weight: . - manufacturer: honeywell - manufacturer part number: fx1312pwrsply - condition: new - country of origin: chn honeywell marathon dock:cigarette adapte 12v dc input to 12v dc output. information contained on this website is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed. as such, we neither warrant the accuracy nor accept any liability or responsibility for inaccurate information other than to correct the error s in the future. additionally, all product pictures are for representative purposes only; the actual product shipped may vary. this page was last updated :.
__label__non_math	0.9994	tennessee auto insurance quotes volunteer state drivers -- be they self-declared hillbillies living in the eastern wilds of the state or nashville hopefuls pursuing a country music dream -- need protection against the vagaries of highway travel. unless you plan to take the bus everywhere or confine yourself to the appalachian trail, you'll need some tennessee auto insurance quotes coverage. whether you're on a pilgrimage to graceland, a day trip to the grand ole opry, or a weekend camping jaunt to the great smoky mountains, car travel engenders some risk. auto insurance is designed to protect you. the trick is getting a policy that matches your driving habits and lifestyle choices -- and doing so without over-buying or under-buying coverage. looking at the requirements for tennessee auto insurance quotes as of , tennessee drivers had to carry bodily injury and property damage liability coverage. the numbers break out like this: ,000 bodily injury per accident, and ,000 property damage. tennessee drivers must square off against a fair number of uninsured drivers. according to the insurance research council, one out of every five tn drivers lacked insurance in . so it probably behooves you to tack on some uninsured and or underinsured motorist coverage. also, bear in mind that the minimums just discussed may be inadequate if you get into a catastrophic accident. to that end, boost your coverage to 100 300 to be more realistic. in , the national association of insurance commissioners found that tennessee auto insurance quotes drivers paid 150 less than what the average us driver paid 124 for collision, 359 for liability. procuring discounts and tailoring your tennessee auto insurance quotes whether this is your first time shopping for tennessee auto insurance quotes, or you're updating a policy that you have had for years, you'd like to save some money. here are a few ideas to get your juices flowing. insure your auto and home with the same company for a savings of or more. install an auto alarm for savings of - . pay off your premium with one upfront payment a year instead of monthly payments for a discount. install antilock brakes to save or more. install airbags to save . take a defensive drivers course to save . save money, but remember: extract the best utility per insurance dollar spent. you do need some production, so identify realistic risks and attend to those risks realistically. shopping for reliable tennessee auto insurance quotes to get a full range of coverage options, leverage the service of autoinsurancequotes.com. take two minutes to fill out our online quote form. our service is totally free. you get back multiple quotes from reliable and trusted insurance companies. looking at tennessee auto insurance quotes side-by-side can be immeasurably helpful, providing much needed perspective for tennessee auto insurance quotes.
__label__non_math	0.5172	building a balanced book attracting liquidity is a highly competitive business; if you don't provide the right mix of technology and functionality, liquidity providers quickly go elsewhere. wolfgang eholzer, head of trading systems design at eurex exchange, examines some of the most important boxes a trading venue must be able to tick if it is to attract these demanding participants and introduces some of the new features eurex will provide in its upcoming software upgrade in november. one of the many challenges when operating a successful trading venue is creating a balanced order book that includes activity from across the whole trading frequency spectrum. for example, high frequency market makers' business models depend upon other participants from across this spectrum to hit lift their quotes. this diversity means that attracting a suitably broad spread of participants necessitates offering a similarly diverse range of functionality that caters for the specific needs of each category of traders. at present, we see these needs falling into three categories: trading functionality - functional facilities and technology oriented items risk-related functionality and technology - particularly in view of the acceleration of the automated trading process, strong risk controls are essential. market structure - creating a suitable mix of functionality and technology that will encourage a range of types and time frames of trading activity, which will create a balanced order book structure. a critical element in accomplishing this is minimising barriers to entry as well as offering a broad variety of access options. the complete price picture the needs of high frequency traders and market makers are typically the opposite of their lower frequency peers. mainly, high frequency participants just want things to be simple and fast, but one area they are very interested in is market information - particularly the quality and content of order book information. understanding the order book structure is a primary interest for high frequency traders. while most trading venues publish aggregated order book data, this provides only a partial picture. one of the most important factors in determining order book structure is not just the total size at each price level, but how it is composed. this is why the updated version of the eurex market data feed "enhanced broadcast solution" due for release in november will include an indicator showing how many orders each price level consists of. a trading venue's outright trading speed is obviously important to high frequency traders. however, as round and single trip times have fallen into the very low milliseconds, a different priority has emerged - reducing the standard deviation of a venue's order round trip times. high frequency traders do not just want pure speed but consistent speed, as this makes it easier for their trading strategies to deliver similarly consistent returns. providing tight spreads in a fast moving market results in a lot less risk for liquidity providers when the response times of a trading venue are consistently stable, which is why reducing the volatility of trading platform performance is vital. to some extent this is correlated with a trading venue's technological capacity; if a market is running hot, there needs to be sufficient investment in contingency networking and processing capacity to ensure that performance outliers are kept to the minimum. eurex enhanced transaction solution interface - round trip times futures orderbook transactions it is also important to note that different high frequency traders have differing priorities in this area. for some, inbound single trip times are all that matters; someone with an aggressive trading style only needs to be fast enough to hit lift an attractive price before the competition. they will be far less concerned about the return response time from the matching engine. by contrast, a liquidity provider is taking risks all the time as their orders are exposed in the book. therefore, if they modify an order to a new price they need to know as quickly and consistently as possible whether or not the modification was successful, which means that they are keen to have the lowest possible round trip as opposed to single trip times. a related issue for both types of traders is to understand how they perform in relation to their competitors. any benchmark data the trading venue can provide, such as anonymous best in class times between an exchange gateway and the client application, adds value. armed with this type of data, which is provided by eurex, trading firms can assess their performance relative to their peers and make the most appropriate investment decisions regarding their technology. missed, but by how much? while market makers are obviously concerned with the trading venue's round trip performance, they also need the data that will help them maximise their own performance and its volatility. for example, a market maker might submit an order modification but find that their original price was hit lifted before their modification reached the matching engine. the key point here is that while the occasional miss by or so microseconds is probably just bad luck, misses of 100 microseconds or more especially if more than just occasionally might suggest that the functional trigger for their order modification is being transmitted late. being able to discriminate between these two scenarios is clearly essential for the optimal tuning of the market maker's internal technology. eurex exchange response times" of processed transactions at eurex exchange response times" number of processed transactions at eurex exchange response times in response to this need, the next release of eurex's system will include two important additional data items: the trading system will send back an accurate timestamp with each response to an order quote transaction showing when the order quote transaction actually hit the matching engine. furthermore, if an order or quote is hit lifted, the eurex market data trade message will contain an additional timestamp showing when the successful aggressing order reached the matching engine. apart from any immediate application, this additional data can over time be compiled into a valuable database that will allow the market maker to track and respond to trends in their trading technology and algorithms. the speed with which high frequency trading p l can swing around makes robust risk controls essential. while it is obviously not a trading venue's responsibility to undertake individual participants' risk management for them, it can at least offer tools to facilitate this and set some sort of boundary conditions. in doing so, it can help mitigate risk for both individual entities and the market as a whole. one important element in this process is ensuring that participants have access to as much timely and relevant data as possible to assist them in managing their risks. in a high frequency environment, position information alone is insufficient; trading venues and respectively their associated clearing houses, also need to be furnishing firms with their current margin requirements and collateral usage in real time as their positions and market prices change. this not only delivers a more complete risk picture, it also allows firms to better manage their collateral as well as anticipate any additional future margin requirements. a further advantage is that this type of data is entirely non-intrusive to the trading process, so the traditional concern of high frequency firms that risk management delivered by exchanges or clearers causes latency, does not apply. if inadequately risk managed, high frequency trading can cause disruption to other participants, such as clearing members. for that reason, some trading venues together with their clearing house already provide clearing members with a manual automated "emergency button" that can be used to stop all trading activity by a client firm whose activity is breaching agreed risk limits. while effective in its way, this is a relatively blunt instrument. a more progressive and effective approach provided by eurex is to offer a more graduated set of tools: a primary trigger that can be set by a trading firm or a clearer that simply sends out alerts to concerned parties if a particular level of margin consumption or risk limit is exceeded. clearers might use this as an alert to contact the client and warn them of the situation. this would be followed by... ...a secondary trigger, which if tripped would enforce a minimum time interval between two arriving orders or modifications for any given product. in addition to handling any problems relating to margin consumption, this type of control is also well-suited for dealing with an automated trading model that is running out of control - or any other sort of technical failure. the manual automated "emergency button" already used. none of these three risk control levels would have any effect on day to day trading activity and the second and third would only have an impact when the risk situation was already becoming prejudicial. however, an important additional consideration with this type of control mechanism is the need to keep it simple; for example, by only applying it on a single currency amount per non-clearing member. particularly from a clearer's perspective, trying to apply this on a per trader, per product, per sub-account, per currency basis is impractical, as this needlessly introduces both complexity and the risk of misconfiguration. in order to achieve the balanced order book that benefits all a trading venue's participants, it is vital to reduce the barriers to traders' market entry. doing this requires an understanding of what individual categories of traders actually require in order to operate their business. for example, while high frequency traders need the minimum latency and the most comprehensive order book data, others do not. for example, many trading venues have historically focused upon delivering new functional features such as new order types to those trading at slower frequencies, but have neglected to reduce the technology barriers confronting these participants. for example, it is counterproductive to penalise this type of market participant with the costs associated with connecting to and handling a high frequency market data feed. apart from any subscription costs, handling such a feed necessitates paying for a great deal of bandwidth and storage space. a far more appropriate solution that minimises participation barriers is to offer a netted data feed that transmits only the information the end user actually requires to operate their businesses. as well as stripping down a feed to the bare essentials required, another valuable step is to minimise the barriers to its implementation by using common standards. fix is the classic way to accomplish this and also hugely simplifies order management for people already using standard fix engines and order portfolio management systems. the traditional objection to this is that fix is too slow as a protocol for market data transmission, even for lower frequency traders, but the introduction of fix over fast now addresses even this hurdle. all three of the areas outlined above play an important role in stimulating a mix of trading frequencies and styles on an electronic trading venue. however, a critical theme that needs to overlay them all is transparency. historically, many trading venues have been less than forthright in revealing details of their technological and functional performance. this is no longer appropriate; today, a venue's success increasingly depends upon the quality of its engagement with its customers. the trading venue that is prepared to share details of its performance with clients - such as the time taken for a message to traverse each hop of its internal architecture - is not compromising itself. rather, it is effectively collaborating with other interested professionals who can contribute additional intellectual capital for the potential benefit of all market participants.
__label__non_math	0.9999	consumer technology drives automation if anything is clear about the future of factory and process automation, it s that interaction with industrial devices will likely differ little from how we interact with our personal smart devices. the annual arc world industry forum is a good venue for meeting with a wide variety of automation suppliers and getting a feel for where the collective head of the automation industry is at for the moment, at least. at this year s event, it s clear that the interaction and interoperability of consumer technology devices are going to be the big drivers of automation system advances in the near term. so that you can have a feel for what i ve been hearing and seeing lately, here s a rundown of few announcements and conversations i ve encountered while at the arc event this week: in a conversation with rob mcgreevy, vice president of product management for wonderware and invensys operations management, he told me that invensys now has some 600 smart devices accessing its systems via the cloud at sites around the globe. he added that a big trend he sees in this area is connecting real-time production and historian data and putting it into context for decision-making via mobile apps. mcgreevy says this invensys focus on this trend was initially targeted at operators, but it has increasingly gained the interest of executives both to support their own decision-making, but also to justify the investment in adopting this new technology. if the user likes the module app, he can then select it and pay for it on the site, then download and install it while the main application is still running. on the new software product innovation side, inductive automation announced its soon-to-be-released module marketplace. of course, software modules for industrial applications are nothing new, but inductive automation s approach to the market appears unique. here s what they re doing: first, they are making modules that work with their web-based hmi scada and mes products available via an online marketplace where users can try the products for free for hours. if the user likes the module, he can then select it and pay for it on the site, then download and install it while the main inductive automation application is still running. screens may need to be refreshed once the new module app is installed, but no restart of the system is necessary. in addition, inductive automation is opening up access to its core apps so that third party developers can create module apps for use with the company s systems. all of these apps will be available for download on the module marketplace site. bottom line: think of an itunes app store for industrial production software and you ll understand inductive automation s module marketplace. i ll have more to report on this new development once it s officially released. while not quite following the app store model like the module marketplace, ge has launched its own web store to showcase and sell its control products. currently, the nearly 180 products available in the store focus on ge s pacsystems rxi controller, the rxi industrial pc and rsti i o systems. the company plans to have all of ge intelligent platforms automation products available in the online store by summer. the site also features a build your product guide to help engineers figure out what they need to create an optimal control system for their project. in addition to ge s news about its web store, the company has also just launched a platform agnostic-dashboard system that reportedly can aggregate data from any system or device in your facility accessible via url. you can see my write-up on that release here. and if you missed the news post yesterday about the tia opc collaboration on agnostic m2m connectivity, check out the news here. in essence, it s simply more evidence that the ease with which we connect and interact with our smartphones and tablet devices is spreading to industrial automation sector in a big way. david greenfield has been covering industrial technologies, ranging from software and hardware to embedded systems, for more than years. his principal areas of coverage for automation world focus on technologies deployed for factory and process automation. contact david at email protected or follow him on twitter recent blog posts don t overlook mro data how concurrent software licensing can benefit emi... rethinking manufacturing in america campbell soup s data acquisition journey don t disparage essential components e-book special report hmi goes online sign up to receive timely updates from our editors and download this free special report exploring the potential for cloud computing and tablet pcs for hmi to improve access to plant data, reduce it costs and increase the mobility and productivity of workers.
__label__non_math	1.0000	you ve been redirected to automobile magazine, part of the same source interlink media network of sites as newcar.com. automobile magazine has more in-depth new car content that we believe will be more beneficial for you. feel free to contact us -the source interlink media team
__label__non_math	0.9586	heat shield, starter starter heat shield - provides protection by reflecting of radiant heat, up to 2000f eliminate starter problems caused by close proximity of the exhaust to the starter with thermo-tec starter heat shield . the radiant heat of the exhaust produces enough heat to destroy the winding of the starter and solenoid. to combat this problem, thermo-tec developed an easy-to-install strap-on heat barrier to reflect the heat produced by the exhaust system. this universal kit enables the user to insulate the starter and solenoid.
__label__non_math	1.0000	insulation door kit, hushmat ultra , " x " sheets hushmat ultra is the installers choice - eliminates road noise vibration - reduces heat up to - automotive oem specified approved - hushmat ultra requires no pre-cleaning of the application surface - no more acetone or alcohol surface preparation - hushmat ultra requires no heat guns or messy glue to apply - one-step application with hushmat ultra simply peel stick - apply to door skin, door frame door trim panel - apply to trunk floor trunk lid - apply to floor from firewall to rear deck - apply to inside of roof skin - proven to perform from - f to 400 f. hushmat specializes in reducing unwanted noise in your vehicle by eliminating structural vibration, reducing heat, road noise, engine noise, wind noise, engine exhaust, and radiant heat. you experience the quality sound and comfort of your automobile with hushmat .
__label__non_math	0.9693	volkswagen cc sedan at the beginning of , volkswagen unveiled the volkswagen cc, a four-door coupe version of the volkswagen passat. volkswagen gli sedan the volkswagen gli, also known as the volkswagen jetta gli, is a performance-oriented version of the best-selling jetta, which was in production since . volkswagen golf sedan in the early 1930s, the vast majority of automobiles in germany were luxury cars, and the average blue-collar consumer was most likely unable to afford anything more expensive than a motorcycle. volkswagen jetta sedan much like many of the brand s other designs the volkswagen jetta also comes at an affordable price. volkswagen jetta iii sedan like so many of the brand s other cars and vehicles, the volkswagen jetta iii series is known for its classic good looks and fine german engineering. volkswagen new jetta sedan the volkswagen jetta endured many changes since its introduction in , but none have come close to the model s extensive redesign for the model year. volkswagen new passat sedan the volkswagen passat is a seventh-generation large family car. volkswagen passat sedan originally built to capitalize on the look and feel of audi cars, the volkswagen passat was meant to fill the gap left by the fading popularity of the beetle in the early 1970s. volkswagen phaeton sedan according to industry insiders, the phaeton had to meet the needs of the lead engineer before the car could be sent to the plant to build a prototype.
__label__non_math	0.8153	no autopatcher.exe file. posted july - i have in the apup folder. what do i need to do please to get it working. posted july - to answer your question you need to run apup again, click get list and with the list of downloads you need to select autopatcher engine 220.127.116.and autopatcher updater .104..168updated ., for the moment only have these selected no others once you have downloaded them click finish and upon checking your apup folder you should see the autopatcher application. once you see that then you can run apup to download the releases that you need and then use autopatcher to apply the updates. hope this helps posted july - if the file has not attched this is the message i get one or more files has failed verification hope you can help please. posted july - the file verification error occurs when microsoft has either removed or updated a file and the scripts haven't been done to match posted july - posted february - edited by gado, february - . posted february - there's a few versions of apup floating around the forums, 140, 142, 143 - just make sure you pay attention to the version listed in the script and the version of apup you have, you might wind up downloading an older file. the autopatcher program autopatcher.exe is listed as 'autopatcher engine' in apup. same here, there's a few versions floating around - .214.171.124, ... if you should over write a newer version exe file with an older version it's easily fixed so don't worry, i just wanted to make you aware. user s are reading this topic members, guests, anonymous users
__label__non_math	0.9988	seen in bristol - nascar drew more fans to qualifying in bristol friday than the irl, grand-am and usac silver crown series will draw for the entire weekend in homestead. while you could shoot a cannon into the grandstands at homestead and not hit a soul, bristol had a fairly healthy crowd as can be seen in this toyota photograph of dale jarrett during qualifying. the car of tomorrow made its debut at bristol friday and all the cars looked identical but for the paint scheme and the .decal kit for the front grill and headlights. here jeremy mayfield circles the bristol bullring with his new paint scheme on his toyota camry. jeff gordon said after qualifying "i just didn't think we would run these kinds of speeds. i just didn't think dupont impala ss would be able to run that fast, but it did. to which we overheard one wag say, "that's because the artificial nascar computer generated qualifying speeds selected you for the pole this weekend." aj allmendinger pictured right, photo by toyota finally qualified for a nextel cup race, though it was dead last. "i'm sorry that i made my guys work a little bit harder tonight because i roughed up the side of it a little bit," allmendinger said after qualifying. "i wanted to get into this race so bad that i ended up brushing the wall on my first lap. "i'm just happy that we made the race. i was sitting there watching how fast the guys were going before me and it started to get me worried. i can't believe it. these guys are awesome." independent internet online publication and is not affiliated with, sponsored by, or endorsed by indycar, nascar, fia, sprint, or any other series sponsor. this material may not be published, broadcast, or redistributed without
__label__non_math	1.0000	orillia, ontario the ontario provincial police opp have wrapped up their annual spring seatbelt campaign, which ensured that motorists were wearing seatbelts and that children were properly restrained. the campaign ran from april through . this year, officers checked 996,316 vehicles, resulting in a total of ,611 charges laid against drivers and ,523 for passengers not wearing their seatbelts. police laid a further 132 charges against drivers for not having properly installed or secured child restraints. during the course of the campaign, the opp reported that people were injured in collisions, and one life was lost, as a result of not wearing the seatbelt on opp-patrolled roads. no related posts.
__label__non_math	0.9999	buy a hyundai accent in phoenix find new, certified, or used hyundai accent models find a new car on autotrader.com. use our resources to research new cars, get new car prices, and configure a vehicle. you can also choose from any of the following links to help in your search for a new car. get more car for less cash with a used car. browse used cars and dealers near you on autotrader.com. narrow your search criteria to find the right car for you. read automotive articles and research information on different used car models and compare cars side by side. the five-passenger hyundai accent receives a revised instrument panel and new available features. the compact three-door hatchback and sedan are equipped with a .-liter -cylinder with 110 hp. epa-estimated city hwy mpg means more time driving and less filling up. front, side and curtain airbags, tire pressure monitoring and air conditioning are standard features. a -year, 100,000 mile powertrain warranty and improved build quality make the accent a compelling player in its segment.
__label__non_math	1.0000	browse car dealers a great car shopping experience usually involves a great car dealership. find dealers who specialize in new, certified and used cars or trucks. also, narrow your search for the right car dealership by city, make and credit level. find car dealers by city choose your city from the list below to find a car dealer. - baton rouge - colorado springs - dallas ft. worth - grand rapids - kansas city - las vegas - los angeles - new orleans - new york - oklahoma city find car dealers by make find car dealers by inventory type find dealerships who offer new, certified and used cars. find car dealers by credit level this is also known as low risk or prime credit. if you already have good credit, your toughest choice might be purchase or lease? there are car dealerships who will work with you, no matter your credit level. if you've had significant financial issues within the last two years, you should find out some good news about bad credit. whether you're a student, new to the country or need a loan for the first time, there are options available to you. read more about your situation and let us dispel no credit myths. looking to buy a car? look no further to help you make the most educated car buying decision, you can: getting ready to sell your old car? how to sell your car provides thorough information about the process.
__label__non_math	0.9979	brizio is a master of his craft, and this book serves as an in-depth introduction to his work. now packing .8l bmw power the plus roars back to market. this former rival to rolls-royce still holds has a majestic aura. tracing enzo ferrari's racing roots in a worthy successor. the sls amg supercar loses its wings and lets the sunshine in, but has anything else changed? the little details count, and this book gives you the power to give those details new life. the db4gt zagato performed amazingly well for a street car turned racer. gullwing doors and 200mph top speed the eagle has landed,...finally. infiniti's fx35 finishes what amc started more than three decades ago. a huge gamble for range rover has paid off nicely. a turbo range rover? why not if you re a fan of mid-century style customs, this book is a real treat. can the hot-rod genesis .r-spec compete with europe's best? the lotus evora s is a high-performance daily driver. porsche 911, beware. frontline developments builds a k modernized mgb gt. henry miller's hcs special is rolling indy 500 history. with a new v8 engine on the table, will the w12 soon be left behind? a real jekyll hyde ride how a rivalry changed drag racing forever it is awesome, and we can't have it. the audi r8 gt is the most hard-core sports machine audi has ever created. a look at both the man and the machines. a balance of pace and practicality makes the dodge charger srt8 a fine choice from chrysler's new power quartet. since gm had a great chassis from the cts, plus chevrolet's lsa engine, putting them together was a no-brainer. the result is surprisingly... a visual feast for mustang lovers.
__label__non_math	1.0000	need more room in the bed of your chevy silverado? expand your hauling capabilities with a pickup box extender. this handy extender is made of brushed aluminum. it swings in to provide a contained cargo area to carry smaller items and out to haul the big stuff. a genuine gm oem part, this bed extender is the perfect solution to all of your hauling needs. if you're looking for a little more room in the bed of your truck, this oem bed extender is the perfect item for the job.
__label__non_math	0.9999	update: preview video added below for your enjoyment.when the sixth installment of "gran... amelia island concours celebrates birthday of fake sports car--years early the fictional italian grand marque pignatelli sports car has joined the lineup for the amelia island concours d'elegance. the 17th-annual event will celebrate the cartoon vehicle's 100th anniversary, years early, in march. "because all but two people involved with the amelia island concours will be dead by , we don't want to wait," concours chairman bill warner said. an array of artist stan mott's work featuring the pignatelli will be on display for public viewing in honor of the early anniversary. mott created the pignatelli for a series of sports car illustrated pieces in . "i drew the car i wanted to drive," mott said. pignatelli enthusiasts can bask in the glow of this fictional sheetmetal march -at the ritz-carlton amelia island. get more car news, reviews and opinion every day: sign up to have the autoweek daily drive delivered right to your inbox.
__label__non_math	1.0000	update: preview video added below for your enjoyment.when the sixth installment of "gran... here in austin, texas, it's hard not to know that the united states formula one grand prix has arrived at circuit of the americas. for the past two and a half years, most austinites, more concerned about the rat race than race cars, have met f1 with indifference and perhaps a mild dose of curiosity. of course, there are fans with a fierce enthusiasm for grand prix racing who can't believe the good fortune that it has landed in their backyard at cota. and there are critics, of course, who say state money should not go to a private endeavor that fosters an image of wealth and has no place in this weird town. there has also been a healthy dose of skepticism, even among fans. work stoppages, political and investor infighting, u-turns on state funds, and questions about traffic, parking and hotels have made f1's history in austin as shaky as its history in the united states. but now, austinites know. signs saying welcome race fans but there are still plenty of things we don't know. will the .-mile circuit featuring an apparently good mix of elevation change and different types of turns some reminiscent of famous corners found at other tracks around the world produce an exciting race? perhaps just as big of a question for on-site fans: how bad will traffic be, and can the city handle it? how long will it take to get into and out of the circuit? will austin put on a good a show the way it does for its signature music festivals south by southwest and acl fest? those answers will be obvious by the end of sunday's race, and will go a long way to determining whether or not fans enjoyed their experience and are willing to shell out money next year to experience it all again. but the biggest question is how long f1 will stay. will we still talk about austin, the u.s. and f1 in the present tense years from now? as always, people say having an american team or driver would help boost the sport in the u.s., and i certainly agree with that. but it also needs a home in the u.s., an opportunity for people to see a grand prix and bring their friends and family. f1 might never reach the level of popularity in the u.s. that it has around the world. football, basketball, baseball and nascar are entrenched too firmly in american hearts and minds. but as i've seen here in my hometown, indifference has turned into awareness, and new fans have been created before anyone has turned a single lap in anger. watkins glen hosted grands prix from . indianapolis motor speedway most recently hosted the series from . if circuit of the americas can match or even better those runs, f1 will have succeeded here. but first it has to succeed this weekend. we'll know more about that next monday. i can't wait. editor's note: david doolittle is an editor who covers motorsports at the austin-american statesman newspaper. sign up to have the latest racing news, autoweek daily drive and autoweek tv delivered right to your inbox.
__label__non_math	0.9999	pop star, justin bieber recently showed off his customized range rover on the streets of los angeles. photo : reuters international pop singer justin bieber has several ferraris, as well as, a chromed-out fisker karma. but recently, the teenage crooner added a newly customized black range rover to his growing lists of automobiles. according to a description posted on the car website, motor authority, the land range rover has a military theme that features custom a. khan is branding all throughout, custom bumpers, tinted windows, and special khan-designed big wheel that is finished in matte black to match the car's black exterior. like us on facebook the sleek car was specially built land range rover has been developed by a. kahn design. the british outfit are known as experts in the world of luxury tuning and are particular experts when it comes to land rover suvs. according to motor authority, bieber's new wheels feature kahn-specific branding all around, custom bumpers, tinted windows and lowered suspension. of course, it also gets a big set of kahn-designed wheels, which are finished in matte black to match the rest of the vehicle's exterior.
__label__non_math	0.9183	installs in about an hour using common hand tools. oem replacement quality, less than half oem price. uses original holes, no drilling required. interchangeable with oe wiring harness. rigorous testing in real world conditions. tested to fit your vehicle. functions like original. fully legal, complies with all federal regulations. mandated qc guarantees customer satisfaction.
__label__non_math	1.0000	follow anderson university athletics on your smart phonejuly , also follow the trojans on twitter and facebook anderson, s.c. now anderson university trojan fans can now follow their favorite teams on their smart phone and also sign up to receive the latest news on au athletics via text messages fans can simply visit on their mobile phone to view the mobile site, which is sponsored by chick-fil-a of anderson. the site is a condensed, quick-reference site for users on the go and displays what fans on the go most want to see news, scores, schedules, rosters, profiles, stats, archives, directory directions, calendar, and text message signup . sign up on to receive text messages for the latest athletic news. the seasons begin on friday, aug. , when the women s soccer, volleyball and cross teams all get back into action.
__label__non_math	0.9966	it is my little niece b-day, she turned 1today: hurrah even if it was freezing outside, we managed to have a beautiful family party. it is a "cool" break for me, to be able to spend some hours without thinking about school or work. and i can even share this post with you guys. awesome
__label__non_math	1.0000	reality tv news: jodie's french, hurley's farm, kerry's pay-out, baby borrowing one hopes this airbrushorific shot of jodie as marie antoinette is just the first of many ways she intends to emulate the decapitated revolutionary french queen. liz hurley's tipped to make a reality show about her life on the farm she runs in gloucestershire. kerry katona's won a big pay-out from the sunday mirror who reported, bafflingly, that she had been a prostitute. calum best's new celibacy-themed reality show is called the best is yet to come... ...while in a new us reality show - the baby borrowers, people actually lend their kids to teenagers.
__label__non_math	0.8196	by mike bennighof, ph.d. during the 1700s, european armies grew enormously in size. the seven years war of heightened the trend, and by the end of the napoleonic wars field armies had become enormous. forces of 100,000 or even more, unheard of a century before, were not at all unusual by . the french army introduced the concept of a corps d armee, a body of infantry, cavalry and artillery plus essential services. the corps could fight alone or in cooperation combat and administrative elements. by the end of the napoleonic wears, all participants had organized their troops into corps, usually made up of varying numbers of divisions and during the years after , some nations kept their corps structure in place during peacetime, using them to administer recruiting, training and other non-combat functions. this would speed mobilization and keep the staffs employed. the size and composition of corps also became regularized, with each usually having the same number and types of subordinate by the middle of the 19th century, an army corps had become defined as the number of troops that could be deployed from a single road in less than two hours: roughly ,000 men. that rule of thumb had been badly exceeded as extra troops were added: cavalry, engineers, artillerymen, light infantry, medical services, supply columns and more. the prussian corps organization used in the austro-prussian war had been introduced as part of war minister albrecht von roon s reforms starting in . in , the prussian army mobilized its four army corps for war on the side of austria against france. the mobilization found many troops untrained, officers of poor quality and supply services either insufficient or non-existent. it also showed just how unwieldy the army s corps organization would prove in action. the german confederation, which included both austria and prussia along with other german states, had adopted a corps of four divisions. each division consisted in turn of two or three brigades, each brigade with two regiments of two battalions each plus one of light infantry. all told, a german division would go to war and . roon rationalized this organization; in battle, he believed, a general was most efficient new-model prussian infantry corps would have two divisions. each division in turn had two brigades, and each of them had two regiments. the regiments would be larger, with three battalions rather than the former two, as a regimental colonel was expected to control all three by line of sight. a brigade commander only had to control the two regiments under his command. at the division level, things got more complex. the division controlled two brigades, plus an artillery detachment of four six-gun batteries. these would usually be parceled out to the brigades in action. during peacetime the division was responsible for either a pioneer battalion or a light infantry battalion; during wartime these would be held in the corps reserve. the corps controlled the two infantry divisions, plus attachments of artillery and cavalry. this varied from four to seven batteries six guns each and two to five cavalry regiments. austria also reformed its corps organization in , based on the lessons of the war. an austrian corps had included two or three divisions, each in turn of two or three five-battalion brigades. each brigade included the four field battalions of a single regiment plus a light infantry battalion: usually j gers but in a few cases grenzers croatian border troops or volunteer student battalions. austrian generals performed poorly in the war, and the reform commission appointed after the war recommended using fewer of them. in particular, it pointed out that the small brigades made regimental colonels superfluous. a peacetime regiment had contained four field battalions and a grenadier battalion; now they would have three field battalions, a fourth reserve battalion and in wartime a fifth training battalion. two of these three-battalion regiments would be grouped in a brigade along artillery battery. it was a powerful and flexible organization, led by a major general austria did not have a brigadier general rank and this was the imperial army s equivalent . the larger brigades required fewer light infantry battalions, allowing the role to be filled exclusively by j gers. the organization became less flexible at the larger echelons. an austrian corps included four infantry brigades, a cavalry regiment and a brigade-sized artillery reserve as well as engineer, supply and medical units. the new arrangement required fewer general officers, which had been the goal. but handling six maneuver elements proved beyond the capability of most austrian corps staffs in , and the intermediate stage of division headquarters gave austria s prussian opponents a decided advantage in flexibility and reaction speed. though the prussian staff was undoubtedly better organized and more efficient than their austrian counterparts, their organization also gave them a lighter workload. of : frontier battles the units are infantry brigades, cavalry regiments and artillery batteries, but players maneuver their units by corps. the corps are activated by the army command, or through the initiative of the corps commander. the prussians generally activate in a much more predictable fashion, and can get all of their units into action thanks to the division commanders. an austrian corps is much more difficult to handle and often only gets into action piece by piece. here to order battles of : frontier battles now.
__label__non_math	0.9549	a thorough understanding of the value and risk of an investment opportunity is the prerequisite to take the right investment decision. we support you with our valuation and due diligence to get this insight before you commit your money. our fast and cost effective way allows quick decisions before getting involved in long lasting due diligence. once you decide to proceed, we can strengthen your efforts with our financial and drug development expertise and bring in key opinion leaders if required. value at risk var click on images to enlarge.
__label__non_math	0.9460	mika taanila: first of all, how did you end up making films after studying something else? martin arnold: the thing is i was always interested in making films, and especially experimental films. i got interested very early because back then the austrian film museum in vienna was very active in showing all kinds of classical avant-garde works lets say kubelka, kenneth anger, brakhage, michael snow so you really could see these things in this town. the only problem back then, and i think its somehow still a problem, was that the arts academy didnt have any classes for film or media, so there was no chance at all to study these things so i enrolled in psychology and art history. i always made films when i was a student, smaller projects, but essentially i never really liked them that much. so then at the end i finished the studies and i thought that i would never become a film-maker because the movies were so bad you know, but then i came up with pi ce touch e. the film worked well and from that point on i was a film-maker. mt: you have previously told that you developed your film-making techniques of looping and stuttering images and sound while making pi ce touch e. can you tell more about that? ma: i was interested in using single frames, and i think the film-maker who influenced me most in this approach was peter kubelka who was very active in giving lectures in vienna and always insisted that film was composed of single frames, and that we should think of film in terms of single frames. so thats how i got interested in single frames. together that you can use to re-photograph single images, single stills, i tried all kinds of structures like running it forwards, then running it backwards, then i even inserted breaks and worked with extreme time lapse and also slow motion. so i did all kinds of things and ended up with this continuous forwards and backwards movement because i found them the most interesting. i used popular movies like b-pictures in my experiments and felt that if you break the continuum if you jump from frame to frame , then jump back to frame and then to frame then this would insert breaks into the movement of the actors. what i found convincing in these continuous forwards and backwards movements was that i didnt actually break the gestures of the actors, but i could somehow extend them or change them, which means that i not only got to work in a formal way, but i also got to influence the gestures and the actions that we can see in the movies, so i could command somehow what was happening in the image. mt: your work is based on found footage. do you think there is such a thing as a found-footage movement in your opinion? ma: well im not sure if its still going on but of course there was a lot of found-footage film-making around in the 80s and also in the 90s, and there are still many film-makers using found-footage. the problem with found-footage is a lot of it ended up being pure citation. very often when you see student films from the u.s. or films by film-makers, at a certain point they cut in found-footage and if its pure citation i somehow have already had enough of it. its very easy to cite these films from the 40s and 50s, but im more interested in getting something different out of it. this movement of pure citation has become a little bit too simple. there were already film-makers in the 60s like joseph cornell or bruce connor who used found-footage, so it was already there. it became interesting again in the 80s and 90s so i assume thats why so many found-footage films were made. this might also correspond with a certain perspective on things or phenomenae, because in the 60s film-making was widely concerned with questions like what can be done done with film if i use it in the way that a painter uses his brushes?. this movement was strongly connected to the 60s and 70s like structural film and all of these things, and then in the 80s the next generation was more interested in somehow looking back, in what actually happened in film history. its not so much oriented in terms of future concepts or in terms of the medium, i.e. film as film, but rather what does film mean in society, what did it mean in the past, not just what could it potentially be. i think this perhaps provided some fuel mt: your films feel and sound like music or miniature musicals in many senses. what is your relationship ma: im not sure if i have a particular relation to music. i mean, like many people of my age im interested in american music of the 80s like john zorn and the people around john zorn. im also interested in hip hop, although im not an expert. and of course im also interested in all kinds of sampling strategies. although i think in terms of my films a lot of it comes from film itself. i was always surprised to find out that running a film backwards all of these strategies are very old. thats what the lumi re brothers did at the grand caf in paris at the time when they first showed their films. and then theres the len lye movie doing the lambeth walk nazi-style, where he used footage from triumph of the will. so i think a lot of it essentially comes from film itself. mt: what kind of films in contemporary cinema do you like yourself? think ive seen anything in the last one or two years which has really struck me. but what i like well there is craig baldwin, who i think is very interesting, and i like most of mathias m llers films, and then i also like american works that are more oriented towards autobiography for example su friedrichs work. and i also like peter tscherkasskys latest films, the ones that he did with a flashlight. mt: at the moment do you feel that you yourself belong to a particular movement of film-makers or artists? do you feel a strong connection to any movements or certain ma: well not really, and im not really sure if there are any movements. right now im changing my work i think. i got an invitation from an artspace which is called kunsthalle in vienna and its a big exhibition space in a new building. its an interesting place and they asked me if i would be interested in doing some installations for them, and i have a show next october. i already had a couple of concepts before they made contact, and i decided to stop this style of running old movies backwards and forwards. what im doing now is erasing actors out of feature films. were working on a feature film based peoject. the original film is called the invisible ghost and it stars bela lugosi. its a b-movie erasing the actors, which means that throughout the movie the actors get lost somehow. so that at the end the camera just goes through the empty sets. its a big change which sets me apart that will be more gallery based and more technical in terms of the technology involved. were working with 3d animation and also with compositing programs - its very digital compared to the earlier works. mt: that sounds like a truly new direction. ive never heard of films where the actors are erased. how are the installations made? are there several projectors in the gallery space at the same time? ma: that has not been totally decided as yet. as well as the main piece, i will also make some shorter pieces, but the main piece will be a film which is about minutes long. what i plan to do is construct a movie theatre like an old theatre that smells bad, a rather fucked up place i want is to create the impression that the audience is also lost not only the actors. so what ill do is put in tons of rows of chairs, and usually there wont be more than people in the whole theatre. it will be like a cheap, outdated, countryside movie space, showing an outdated film where the actors are getting lost. in terms of the movie there is another point because in the original movie bela lugosi is shown as a sort of madman. in the original shots he is talking to his wife, although his wife is not there because she died in a car accident. so of course he is frustrated, and he celebrates the wedding anniversary without his wife, just talking to nothing. so what im doing is spreading lugosis symptoms out to the other actors. which means that for all the other actors, just like in the conversation at the beginning of the original film, there will always be one part missing. they get the same symptom and start talking to thin air, and in the end they all get lost. there will also be the high noon loop - a short loop of about minutes. essentially its a similar thing, the actors are missing, but it will look very different because i took the big gunfight at the end of high noon, which means that there is lot of very fast-paced editing going on creating a lot of very short individual shots. its funny because there is a lot of smoke coming from the guns but you dont see the guns and you dont see them shooting, its like firecrackers exploding in the air. and then there are these very hysteric pans, but the camera pans are not following anybody, just panning with very hysterical music and nothing actually happening. how many people do you have working on this erasing project, or are you doing it mostly by yourself? ma: well, thats also a big change. on the older films i worked just on my own as a one-person production team. now i have producers and a team of three co-workers, with one person in charge of the technical part of the production, a technical supervisor. its the first time im working in a team. this is absolutely necessary otherwise i would only be able to show the film maybe two weeks before i die so time consuming that it takes forever. well have an output of something like five seconds per day per person. thats not very much for a minute movie. mt: what sort of feedback do you get ma: that depends on where i show them. i think that one of the most interesting thins is that they sometimes attract people who are not really fans of experimental cinema. i think they are open to very many readings, and sometimes even people who dont like experimental film especially the 60s versions of experimental films they still like what im doing. so i think theres a certain kind of openness. i think that people like the rhythm. for example fennesz told me that most of the experimental musicians that hes aware of know my movies because of their musical structure or whatever. so the reactions generally are pretty good. the one bad reaction although i wasnt there, i just read about this was when they showed one of my films at cannes before a feature film. and people didnt like it there. the french were shouting arnold, go home funny because i was home, i wasnt there
__label__non_math	0.9993	roe: return-on-engagement calculator avatar solutions' return-on-engagement calculator the idea of engagement borrows from the concept that you want to create a mutually-beneficial long-term relationship with employees and, by extension, customers patients, such that commitment, loyalty, and profitability can soar. as is often the case, you can t manage it if you don t measure it. avatar's research studies revealed that engaged employees tend to enrich their service, have fewer absences, be more innovative and confident in expressing new ideas, and have higher levels of productivity. furthermore, they regularly achieve, and often eclipse, business goals and objectives. employee engagement can be defined as an employee putting forth extra discretionary effort, as well as the likelihood of the employee being loyal and remaining with the organization over the long haul. employers with engaged employees tend to experience low employee turnover and more impressive business outcomes. just how significant is employee engagement to your company s bottom-line? use our online return-on-engagement calculator to determine the financial impact engagement can have on your organization. enter your organization s turnover, attendance, and training costs data, and you will be surprised by the savings that a focus on engagement can yield.
__label__non_math	1.0000	led zeppelin might totally be getting back together in or not five years after the band played its last show together a one-off at london s o2 arena in december led zeppelin may be getting back together. of course the legendary group might also not be getting back together. robert plant told australia s version of minutes that he d be open to a reunion because he s got nothing to do in . so, yes, definitely, buy those plane tickets to coachella now. following the show, jimmy page and john paul jones were willing to tour as a band, but plant wasn t into it. according to rolling stone, the duo considered finding a replacement for plant for some shows, but eventually scrapped the plan. ever the hippie, plant blamed page and jones common astrological sign for previous reunion opportunities not coming to fruition, saying, they don t say a word. they re quite contained in their own worlds and they leave it to me. i m not the bad guy you need to see the capricorns.
__label__non_math	1.0000	got a case of office anxiety? a messy office might have something to do with that. according to a study by esselte ltd., three out of four workers surveyed felt disorganization made them more stressed. do you feel the same? here s how to give your office a clean sweep and make it a less stressful and more productive place to work. two weeks before: set up the sweep - make sure you and your co-workers can designate a couple days for the big clean up event that way, you won t feel you have to get it all done in one day. - plan to use one day to clean out all unnecessary clutter at your desk area, and have everyone pitch in to help clear out shared areas such as the supply room or kitchen. designate the second day to organize and finish up. - cleaning up can be a dirty job. check with the office manager about allowing casual dress during office sweep days. one week before: get supplies ready - reuse old cardboard boxes for storage or sorting out stuff for recycling or donation. use avery shipping labels with trueblock technology to label boxes while blocking out distracting marks or old labels underneath. - set up a recycling center at your workplace for paper, plastic and other reusable materials with this free template. - create a sign-up sheet so people can volunteer to bring in supplies, such as towels and cleaning products, and even munchies for keeping energy levels up, of course . the day of: find a home for all that stuff - like the saying goes, one person s trash can be another person s treasure. establish a table in one area of the office where people can drop off items they no longer need, and at the same time look through other disposed items they might want to pick up. - have volunteers take the items placed in donation boxes to a local charity organization or school. - finally, give your desk a sweep of its own. for all your loose piles of paperwork, refresh old file folders with avery file folder labels with trueblock technology. just place the labels over old labels or markings without worrying about anything showing through, and give it a new home inside an organized drawer or filing cabinet. make an office clean sweep a regular event that you and your co-workers can all look forward to each year. you ll clear the clutter, get organized and relieve a little stress while you re at it now that s a refreshing idea
__label__non_math	0.7173	viewed against a dangerous and costly backdrop, clear team communication is obviously essential to create a safe, productive and effective work environment on the ramp. tractor operators and wing walkers need to warn each other of impending dangers. the tractor operator needs to keep the flight deck informed of ground movement. and all ground personnel should at least be able to hear the flight deck and each other during a pushback. ramp workers can do much more without the wire, the shouting or the hand signals. a typical wireless pushback and towing configuration uses a portable transceiver for continuous two-way communication among one or more wing walkers and the tractor operator during aircraft movement. the tractor operator is free to concentrate on correct maneuvering, and all crew members can warn others instantly of impending dangers. to optimize the flow of communication and minimize chatter, the system is configured so that all team members can hear the pilot, but only the tractor operator can talk directly to the flight deck. because wireless communication increases coordination and enables real-time verbal warnings, it decreases the risk of accidents, shortens turn-around times, and increases the likelihood of hitting flight slots. in addition to pushbacks and towing, wireless team communication systems can also be used to improve safety and efficiency during deicing, cargo and maintenance operations. in a deicing configuration, a wireless system connects the driver and the basket, and the system itself can be connected to two-way radios enabling communication with remote users. communication between the driver and the basket takes place on open microphone over a .9ghz .8ghz in the eu encrypted frequency while also allowing radio monitoring and transmitting with a push to-talk button on the headsets. systems can be configured to enable multiple deicing crews to communicate while working on the same aircraft - further improving efficiency. additional configurations are available for maintenance teams and are scalable to almost any size. choosing a wireless communication system wireless headset systems are available in a wide variety of configurations and price ranges. to ensure a system meets the diverse needs of ground support, consider the following factors carefully: is the system truly wireless? a number of so-called wireless systems actually require a wire from the headset to a radio or belt pack. while these systems allow freedom of movement, a belt pack or radio wire creates many of the same problems inherent in hardwire systems, particularly tangled cords. moreover, belt packs generally have less than half the transmission range of self-contained systems worn on the head. does the system use dect or bluetooth technology? transmission technology can dramatically affect how well wireless systems perform in the field. systems that employ bluetooth technology generally have a limited range and are subject to radio frequency interference from nearby devices. look for systems that use digital enhanced cordless telecommunications technology. dect units generally offer up to times more coverage and are less subject to interference than bluetooth. dect transmissions also have multipath capability, meaning the signal will bounce up, over and around objects in order to establish the best possible connection. dect signals are also digitally encoded to ensure privacy. is the system full-duplex or half-duplex? half-duplex systems allow communication in both directions, but only one direction at a time. that s a walkie-talkie. on the other hand, full-duplex systems allow communication in both directions simultaneously. full-duplex capabilities are an important safety consideration because they allow the parties to speak and hear others at the same time. is the system radio-compatible? communication during pushback and towing is generally confined to the flight deck, wing walkers and tractor operator; however, other ground support functions may benefit from the ability to communicate with remote users over a two-way radio. look for a system with maximum radio-interface flexibility.
__label__non_math	0.9985	wednesday, russian helicopters continues latin expansion claudio agostini, latin america bureau chief for rotor wing, recently spoke with russian helicopters head of communications roman kirilov and konstantin yuritsyn, business development director for latin america, about the region s growth opportunities and emerging trends. rotor wing: what percentage of your market sales in is latin america? russian helicopters: we do not break down our sales figures on a market-by-market basis, but we can say that latin america is an important market to us and is becoming increasingly so in terms of future growth, particularly in the commercial sector. we are taking first steps with our commercial helicopters in the region, and have delivered on our first contracts, and although we are still exploring the region, to some extent we expect to grow rapidly in latin america in the coming years. russian helicopters started exploring latin america two years ago and began delivering the ka-32a11bc and mi-171a1 early in . late last year the ka-32a11bc received brazilian certification. in future years we expect latin america to assume an increasingly important position in our sales structure, particularly in key markets. the region is continuing to see rapid economic growth, and the market for helicopter services is increasing as a result. rotor wing: which variants will have the highest demand, and what applications are seeing increased interest? russian helicopters: we anticipate that our most popular types in the latin american markets will be our newest medium and lightweight helicopters, as well as the heavy-lift mi-26t2. we have adapted several models suited to the climates and geographies of this varied region, and presented them at the recent fidae exhibition in chile. all of the models that we expect to be successful in latin america are designed to produce top performance in tough conditions. the light coaxial ka-226t can transport up to seven passengers but remains very compact due to the absence of a tail rotor. it is perfect for work in mountains, atop tall buildings and offshore. the new heavyweight mi-26t2 can carry up to tons of load externally or inside its cabin, covering up to 800 kilometers at a time. the mi-171a2 has been thoroughly overhauled and is now under development, intended for the international markets. it is based on the mi-171a1, which was created specifically for use in latin america and has both ar iac and brazilian caa certificates. this helicopter has already been successful in brazil. a recent example in november , atlas taxi aereo acquired two for use in the services it provides to oil company petrobras. the ka-32a11bc has been certificated in brazil since december . the acquisition of the ka-32a11bc the first by a brazilian helicopter operator is a pilot project as helipark taxi aereo seeks to diversify its fleet. in the future the company may order more units of this helicopter. if new contracts are signed, russian helicopters and helipark taxi aereo may consider establishing a joint russian-brazilian service and training center for the ka-32 11 . rotor wing: what is the outlook for specific countries? russian helicopters: we have identified three countries as the potential cornerstones of our future growth in latin america brazil, argentina and mexico. all three are growing very fast, and we expect that the market for helicopter services will continue to increase accordingly. the principle of open sky in brazil, including in big cities, helps a lot to develop business. russian helicopters has already delivered its first commercial machines to brazilian operators, and is also working with rosoboronexport to fulfill an order from the argentina defence ministry. we ve also had dialogue with consulting company logitec consultor a em log stica on cooperation in promoting russian holding s products to the brazilian market. rotor wing: what is the total fleet in the region? russian helicopters: currently more than 400 russian-made helicopters of various types are in operation in countries across latin america. related: airframe news
__label__non_math	0.9998	originally posted by deacongreg i ve read excellent reviews on the aerial 20ts. kennyt or jerry, and experience with them? 20t's are simply amazing imo, and one day a pair will be in my system. they are by far my favorite speaker in and out of it's price-range . i love my 10t's, and they get better with every improvement i make to my system - but the 's are a quantum leap up from them. not long ago i called aerial with a few questions about my 10t's and to my surprise none other than mr. kelly himself answered the phone. we chatted for probably half an hour about the 10t's, the 20t's and both of our alma maters - north carolina state university. i apologized for taking up so much of his time - but he would hear none of it - telling me how much he enjoyed his trip down memory lane. it's easy to patronize companies made of genuinely nice people who make fantastic products. steve mccormack also comes to mind.
__label__non_math	0.9441	hello avs community. i hate to make a new thread for this but i am stumped. i have a pn51e550 display that i used to connect via wifi to my router but then i switched my isp and used a direct ethernet connection to it in roughly july. i now have moved and need to connect to a different router via wifi again. when i go to 'network settings' and start the search for a wireless router half the time it will search and i will see the routers in my area for about a second then it closes out of the menu and back to the tv. i do see my router but its too brief to select it. i am connecting to my router with a ' cat 5e cable at the moment but i do not want to have it running through the hall. has anyone had wifi issues with the samsung tv models? i was thinking of doing a factory reset but it says it does not reset network settings.
__label__non_math	1.0000	if you are a consumer looking for health information: you can find all the doctors and dentists previously on avvo.com, along with their answers to health questions, their referral networks and much more, on healthtap. healthtap will help you find the best health information and the right doctor for you. continue if you are a doctor or dentist: your professional profile previously available on avvo.com, along with your answers to health questions, your ratings, endorsements, and much more, are now available on healthtap. healthtap will help you build your doctor reputation, attract new patients, learn from and connect with other doctors, save money, and expand your referral network. continue avvo is focusing on providing you with the best free legal advice, detailed lawyer profiles featuring the unbiased avvo rating, and bringing you more services to meet your legal needs. the avvo and healthtap teams
__label__non_math	1.0000	i have no idea if joe torre was a good or bad announcer back in the day because i was and didn't live in california when he did angels play-by-play . i do vaguely remember him on espn during the post-season though. when he got hired by the yankees i told my friends he would be a good manager because i had seen him on the "leader".....for some reason they just laughed at me and i don't really know why probably because i was and already grading announcers . anywho, mr. torre has turned down fox's offer to join joe and tim in the booth, and you know what? that upsets me. i just can't deal with those two alone anymore. i need some new blood to make it interesting, and i'm dreading the moment that mccarver has to pronounce tulowitzki. torre declined an offer from fox sports to call the world series alongside lead announcer joe buck and analyst tim mccarver, si.com has learned. fox sports president ed goren called torre's agent, maury gostfrand, on friday night to inquire if his client was interested in joining the network for the world series. gostfrand called goren on saturday to decline the offer.i guess we'll just have to grin and bear it with those two, and i'll see you them on wednesday night for a live-blog. you jokers better bring your a-game. "his agent called us back today and let us know that joe was flattered to be asked but respectfully declined because he has made some family commitments," said fox sports spokesman dan bell. "we completely understand and will go with joe and tim in the booth for the world series." oh and tbs...why don't you go make torre an offer he can't refuse for next year. it can only help you in the long run. especially if he has about sundays to practice during the regular season next year. either that or let the red sox pay him million to be their bench coach, trade for a-rod, and sign mariano rivera to be a setup man for papelbon. actually tbs....don't make that call. my second idea is much more interesting.
__label__non_math	0.9996	apparently, dancing with the stars is a pretty popular show that has been a hot spot for athletes looking to improve their crossover appeal outside of sports. past winners have included athletes such as emmitt smith, apolo onho, helio castroneves, kristi yamaguchi, shawn johnson, and hines ward. to continue this tradition of athletes appearing on the hit abc show, hope solo and ron artest join the cast this year alongside b-listers kristen cavallari, jr martinez, nancy grace , c-listers david arquette, chaz bono , and others scraping the bottom of the celebrity food chain rikki lake, rob kardashian . the cast as a whole shows how important sports figures are on dwts. not only are there two well-known athletes in solo and artest, but dancers like cavallari former fiancee to jay cutler and robert kardashian a writer for espn.com's page ? after the success of the women's world cup and a 2nd-place finish, solo has immediately become the most well-known women's soccer player in the country. and with the williams sisters past the heights of their tennis careers and the lack of star power in the wnba, one could easily argue solo is becoming the most popular and recognizable female athlete in the country. a long run on dwts would not only help her profile among mainstream america, it could also help the growing popularity of women's soccer and soccer as a whole. of course, if rumors are true that solo is posing nude in espn the magazine, i think the u.s. goalkeeper already has the male -demo committed to stuffing the ballot box.
__label__non_math	0.9942	when did you first know you had a call of god on your life? andrew: i was raised in a christian home but never knew god s unconditional love for me. i always believed i had to somehow earn his love and approval. on , at age eighteen, i had a supernatural encounter with god that radically changed my relationship with him and my life. he poured out his love to me in a very tangible fashion. it was then that i truly understood what it meant for him to love me unconditionally. i knew then that i would be serving him full-time, helping others walk in this unconditional love i discovered. often, when people are called into ministry, there s a general sense of the calling but not a specific direction. was this true for you? andrew: when i first started out, i did whatever i could find to do. i just wanted to serve god. i ministered to people in garland, texas, until , then i went into the army. when i came out of the service in , i held bible studies and ministered as a youth leader in a baptist church. i didn t know exactly what i was called to do at first, so i tried everything. i was a music leader for a while and even did door-to-door evangelism. but i noticed a difference between when i taught and when i did any other ministry. there seemed to be a supernatural flow when i taught the word. god confirmed what i was sensing in when i went through a tollbooth in dallas. you got a confirmation from god in a tollbooth? andrew: yes. i was driving through a tollbooth in dallas, and as i handed the tollbooth worker my money, god spoke to my heart and told me he had called me to teach. so where did you go from there? andrew: well, it was difficult at first, because i was so introverted. i was absolutely terrified to speak in front of people. but at the same time, i loved leading bible studies i ve heard people say that you never prepare your messages. is that true? andrew: i first started teaching sunday school at my baptist church. they decided i was too radical and didn t want me teaching regularly, so they demoted me to a substitute. i got called at the last minute when the regular teacher couldn t be there, so i didn t have time to get a message ready. this is when i discovered i could teach on any verse with no preparation. when i started leading my own bible studies, i took a ton of notes and was always extremely prepared. but when i d teach, i felt like i was fumbling. on some occasions i wasn t able to prepare, and that s when scripture just flowed from me. i started realizing that all my studying, prayer, and note taking was ruining my ministry you ve spent the majority of your time as a teacher, but there was a point early on when you pastored churches. how did that come about? andrew: that happened pretty much by default. there was a group of baptists in texas who received the baptism of the holy spirit and got kicked out of their church. they asked me to come teach them. they didn t know where else to go to receive full-gospel teaching. after a while, they wanted to start their own church. i told them i d do bible studies with them, but i didn t want to pastor. but after about six months they started calling me pastor and giving me tithes, even though i told them i was not called to pastor. so i didn t really have a choice unless i wanted to stop teaching them. i continued on as their pastor for two years. we met five times a week for bible studies. jamie: it was a little much, to say the least andrew: well, the bible says, they met daily from house to house. i gave them two days a week off jamie, i take it you didn t like being a pastor s wife. jamie: no, not at all. i was definitely not called to be a pastor s wife how did andrew wommack ministries actually get birthed? andrew: we left childress, texas, where i got my radio start on a country-and-western station in . from there we went to pritchett, colorado, to hold a bible study. while we were there god used me to raise someone from the dead. everyone was so astounded, they wouldn t let me leave. i kept saying, there s no way i m moving to pritchett. we stayed there for about six months. we started on a radio station in colorado springs and also started making cassette tapes of my teachings. people sent us donations from the radio ministry, but we couldn t give receipts. that led us to incorporate the ministry, so in we officially became andrew wommack ministries. why did you first decide to give away free tapes? andrew: back when we were first getting started, we went to a bible conference on prosperity. we desperately needed to hear this message, as we ran out of gas on the way to the conference. that s just a little ironic, isn t it? andrew: well, we had absolutely no money. i prayed over the car so it would start, and it ended up running for a whole week with no gas jamie, how would you say that you and andrew have changed over the years after all you ve been through together? jamie: i really don t think we ve changed all that much. he s pretty much the same person i married. i know that our commitment and desire to do what we re doing hasn t changed at all. probably the biggest change with andrew is just his approach to teaching. when he started, he d try to teach everything he knew in two hours the biggest change for me has been my role in the ministry. i used to manage the entire ministry and got so overwhelmed. we tried to hire people early on, but i found myself always cleaning up behind them because things weren t done correctly. it was almost humorous when we held a meeting somewhere. i led praise and worship, and andrew would run the sound for me. then we d switch and i d run the sound while he was preaching. we set up and manned the tape tables, we tore everything down andrew: yeah, and now we don t do anything how has god used your marriage in the ministry? jamie: i think we balance each other out. with andrew it s, okay, we re going on radio. let s start with five stations. i m more like, let s see if one will produce first. andrew: that s true. if it was just me, i would ve blown up a long time ago. jamie is very deliberate and detailed. she s not a risk taker like i am. she s helped me take things slower. i probably would have destroyed us. it s been a great balance. we still go back and forth on things today. although, when i started on tv, which was potentially the most damaging risk we ve ever taken because of the expense, jamie was 100 percent in agreement with my decision. her reaction actually surprised me. speaking of tv, would you say that was the biggest turning point for the ministry? andrew: as far as a positive turning point, yes, by far. the lord woke me up in the summer of , and i heard him say, your time has come. i got up and looked up scriptures with that phrase. as i started reading, god said, you re just now starting to do what i ve called you to do. if you had died before this time, you would ve missed your destiny. he told me that starting on tv was just the beginning of our ministry. sure enough, when we started on tv in january of , everything exploded. our audience response has doubled every couple of years since. before television, our income was roughly .million every month just to break even. starting on tv was the riskiest thing we ve ever done. for the first time in twenty-five years, we finally had money in our ministry savings account so we could actually start growing. i think we had 135,000 for tv. but it was a risk we had to take. like god said, our ministry didn t really start until . all the time before that god was just getting us ready. i hear people say all the time that i m an overnight success, because with the television ministry, it appears that way. but in reality, it was thirty-two years in the making how can you be sure you re doing the right thing? how does god speak to you when you re making decisions? andrew: i ve never heard an audible voice, and i ve never had a vision or seen anything with my physical eyes. i just see things in my imagination. i sometimes hear god in my sleep. he ll give me dreams, or i ll have a thought that s so loud, it wakes me up. when we first went to childress to hold a meeting, we ministered for three days, and i was ready to leave town. god woke me up in a dream and told me i didn t do what he instructed me to do. i thought childress was temporary, but he wanted me to move there. we started a church and stayed there two years. if i m seeking direction from god, i rely on psalm : delight yourself in the lord and he will give you the desires of your heart. i trust that he ll put his desires in my heart. an example of this is when i lost my desire for seagoville, texas. we had lived there for two years, and i was planning on staying there longer because i knew that s where we were supposed to be. but during a time of prayer, god completely changed my heart. all of a sudden, i couldn t stand the place. i just wanted to get out. it was totally different than what i had felt for two years. i spent the next two or three hours just praying in tongues. the more my mind stayed on god, the more i wanted to move. i knew it was god because i had been seeking him. another way i test for direction is through confirmations. when i made the decision to start on tv, two of my minister friends came to me separately and said god told them it was time for me to start on tv, although they had no idea i was thinking about it. how do you make sure what you re hearing is really from god? andrew: you can determine vain imaginations by the word of god. any good imagination you have, if it lines up with the word, it is god inspired. man is wicked, and he will naturally think selfish, vain thoughts. so if the thoughts are of the flesh or the devil, it ll violate the word. if it doesn t violate the word, it s from god. how do you hear from god on a daily, practical level? andrew: in january of god told me i was thinking too small. it took me a while to understand fully what he was saying. but now when i have a decision to make involving different options, i always go for the biggest. i pray about all my decisions, and i believe god inspires me through all of them. i don t think my decisions are strictly business decisions. jamie and i discuss most of them, although she usually doesn t feel strongly one way or the other. i try to sense god s leading with everything. what do you think is the most difficult part of your ministry today? andrew: hmm. that s a tough question.. andrew: i can t think of anything that s really difficult about the ministry at this point. the biggest challenges i face are not within the ministry itself, but with outside forces that try to distract me. i have to battle that stuff because it causes me to minister out of my feelings instead of the word. the ministry right now is a piece of cake compared to what we used to go through. we used to struggle just to survive. we weren t certain we d even be alive the next week. but now things are going well. when you were struggling to survive, did you want to quit? andrew: in the beginning, definitely. there wasn t enough evidence to prove we were on the right track. we went for nearly ten years without one positive sign that we were headed in the right direction. i think if i had to do it all again, i wouldn t do it nearly as well. i really think i would quit and give up. i don t know how we made it through what we did, except strictly for god s grace. what advice would you give someone just starting out? andrew: i d tell them to never do it the way we did it. i don t think many people would survive. we didn t have any mentors or any strong relationships. we were always the ones ministering but never getting ministered to. you can t survive like that. one out of a thousand people would make it the way we started in ministry. i d also tell them that until their ministry gets to where it is self-supporting, they need to work a secular job. i always thought i wasn t being faithful to my calling if i worked elsewhere. i knew god called me to full-time ministry, so i wouldn t take a regular job. but that s why we were always broke. i know if i had married anyone but jamie, the marriage wouldn t have lasted. no one would ve put up with what i put jamie through. we started the bible school to keep people from making our mistakes. i once dreamt that i had a machete and was going through a jungle, cutting down the thick brush ahead of me. i looked over my shoulder, and those behind me were expanding the path, making it wider. then they poured asphalt, and pretty soon there was a four-lane highway. god told me that the way i came through, i had to blaze a trail when there wasn t anything but thick brush. but i made a way for others to come behind me and take what i ve learned and run with it. for us it was like someone threw us in the deep end and said if we lived, we d learn how to swim. but it s always better if you can take swimming lessons ahead of time. can anyone do what you ve done? andrew: anyone who s called. i believe i have gifts like a teaching gift and insight into the word that not everyone has. if you have similar insight and gifts, then, yes, you can probably do it. but you also must have god s revelation and anointing. i do feel unique in a lot of ways. i really believe god has given me some things that most people don t have. plus, i don t think there are many people who would put up with what jamie and i have been through. one of the main reasons we stuck with it was because we had no other choice. there was no plan b, nothing to fall back on. if we surrendered to failure, thinking we missed god, there would ve been no place for us to go. we knew if god didn t get us through, we weren t going to make it. but if you want god s best, that s what it takes.
__label__non_math	0.9959	adam reed talks the smilthy good fun of archer i must admit up front that of i am unashamedly a huge fan of fx s archer, which i consider to be one of the funniest and well-written animated series i ve ever seen. adam reed, alongside co-conspirator matt thompson, has created one of the smartest, most risqu shows on tv. who knew that office politics and hr directives could provide as much intrigue, and laughs, as the cloak and dagger of international espionage and misuse of large caliber weapons? season of archer starts january 17th on fx, with promises of distasteful office romance and daring missions replete with inappropriate behavior and even more inappropriate dialogue, as well as great guest stars in roles they might one day regret. i had a chance once again to talk with adam reed about the show s growing success, nasty humor and what we can expect to see in the coming season. dan sarto: archer continues to garner critical acclaim and an enthusiastic audience. the network has already committed to season . to what do you attribute the growing success of the show? adam reed: well i think our cast is amazing and i really think that fx surprised probably a lot of people, but nobody more than me, by sticking with the show especially after the ratings for season were not, what s the word, good at all. they really stuck with it. when the first ratings were coming in and they were steadily getting worse and worse and worse, they kept saying, don t worry about it, it s a marathon and we will find our audience. i just assumed that that was their way of being nice and prepping me for the bad news. we re going to let you down really easy. it s not you, it s us and i want to still be friends. but they meant it, which was just shocking. they really did let it find an audience. ds: that may speak to the way they show patience with all their shows not just an animated series. ar: you know, i can t say enough good things about fx. i know it sounds pretty lame and suck-uppy. they do what they say they are going to do. from a business standpoint if they say something then they do it. they have promoted the heck out of the show. creatively, it s not like here are ten thousand notes. do it like these different people who you ve never met are telling you to do it. we've always worked closely with just a few executives there and i really think that when they believe in a show, they stick with it. they re smart people and they have confidence in themselves. they are not just reactionary and panicky like, oh ds: well it s nice you are in a good spot with the executives. the flip side that is that you ve produced something of tremendous quality for the network to get behind. it s great to see they ve rewarded you with loyalty and promotional support. but you ve come through on your end with a fantastic show that continues to get better. ar: we re basically the honda factory and they re the honda dealership. ds: that s an apt analogy. ar: it sells itself, dan. no, i m kidding. there was a huge learning curve at first and we didn t know what we are doing and still barely know. the main thing is that the show has improved in quality in every way from season . a lot of that is me getting out of the way of the extremely talented people that work on the show, and trusting them. it s not my place to tell somebody with years of art school how something should look. it s really been nice to see this talented group of people make what i think is a really great looking show and then to write stuff for this really talented cast to then turn into real words. ds: how many episodes are you doing for season ? last season you had chris provenzano do some writing for you. is he still involved? are you still doing the bulk of the writing? ar: yeah, we are doing shows again. the lovely folks at justified stole chris back from us. he is back fulltime on that show, so we haven t been able to use him. but, we have some other good writers. we have an extremely talented guy named rick cleveland who is writing a couple of scripts this coming season. but i m still doing most of the writing. a couple of writers have become available that we will hopefully have for next season. my goal ultimately is to not do anything but just walk around with a riding crop and a monocle. ds: is that a little bit of krieger in you? ar: yeah. but hopefully i will get to work with a lot more of these writers. it s fun also to get out of their way when they have a great idea that i never would have thought of. that s pretty neat.
__label__non_math	1.0000	animation world magazine - issue . - may attention educators: author seeks info. mark simon, author of storyboards: motion in art, is researching schools that offer storyboards as a class or as part of their curriculum. any school that wishes to be listed in the 2nd edition of his book can send relevant school and curriculum information to mark simon at email or fax to 407-370-. mark's deadline for information was april 28th. note: readers may contact any animation world magazine contributor by sending an e-mail to firstname.lastname news table of contents table of contents animation world magazine career connections animation world store the awn gallery animation world network
__label__non_math	0.9992	wolves-clippers games always seem to have a peculiar hum. perhaps it s their interlocking histories and their penchant for duplicating one another s rosters like, literally see: gomes, foye, smith, telfair, jaric, cassell et. al. . perhaps it s their shared legacies of baffling mismanagement. maybe it s just a sense of futility that has characterized both teams; when they face one another, their common penchant for goofy mediocrity, for playing just below the level of their opponent, is multiplied exponentially.
__label__non_math	0.9983	change is constant, both inside and beyond company firewalls. new clients, acquisitions, partnerships, standards, and software create a continuous loop of changing business processes and new it requirements. axway integrator is designed to help your it group manage the organic growth and complexity of partner networks. based on powerful supervision facilities that are remotely centralised, integrator provides real-time, scalable information control, transformation, and routing for quick data integration and validation regardless of data complexity or volume. with axway integrator, you can: - benefit from a highly scalable, any-to-any and many-to-many transformation engine that offers full support for standard and non-standard document types, direct database read write, and multiple input, target and reference files in a single transformation routine. - quickly adapt and react . process data from anywhere, in any format, including all variants of xml, edi, flat files, in-house applications and erps such as oracle, sap and lawson. - better respond to customer data requests. send processed data to recipient applications with the data structure and transport mode they require, and the precision timing they expect. - save time and money during implementation. integrator offers a variety of ways to integrate with your legacy applications. - quickly deploy new applications. underlying technical complexities are hidden within integrator, accelerating the deployment of software changes and upgrades. - automatically generate data models from external sources. - reduce development time and free up technical staff. replace point-to-point interfaces with a convenient, centralised exchange platform. - increase data flexibility. route information in real time, batch mode, or both to multiple recipients in different data formats and reception modes. - create a truly global partner community. perform any-to-any exchanges with improved interoperability and conversion between all standards and protocols.
__label__non_math	1.0000	playoff schedules for june have been posted teams in the u10, u12 and u14 divisions will by playing playoff games on thursday may , friday may , saturday june and sunday june . each team is scheduled to play pool games. these games have been added to the schedule. the best ranked teams after pool play will advance to the finals. the finals will be played at and on sunday june . rules and other details are posted on the playoffs page.
__label__non_math	1.0000	soft in form and delicate in structure, the features of this young lady are striking while perhaps not conventionally beautiful. sculpted into feminine curves, her petite form is blessed with a creamy complexion. celestial white wings rise elegantly from her back, adorned with smooth feathers; they set her apart from her otherwise humanlike appearance. side-swept bangs lead to her straight black hair, framing her lightly tanned visage. her dreamy eyes are the hue of rich dark chocolate and shaded by long lashes; their warmth matches her soft lips, which often form kind-hearted smiles. long, lustrous black hair falls smoothly to her waist, accented by side-swept bangs that brush her forehead lightly. she has warm chocolate brown eyes brimmed with light honey. piercing on right-wing: four silver rings loop around the outer edge of her celestial feathered wing. a small precious stone adorns each hoop, representing one of the four elements: ruby for fire, emerald for earth, sapphire for water, amethyst for air.
__label__non_math	0.9942	hotel valley ho e. main st., scottsdale poolside cabanas are de rigueur at resorts in metropolitan phoenix. well-heeled pool-goers are willing to pay for precious shade and a semi-private party spot, especially in summer. one of the best values in town is at the hip hotel valley ho in downtown scottsdale. the historical hotel's cabanas, built of concrete blocks, start at from march through october. the best part: you don't have to be a hotel guest to rent one, except on holiday weekends and saturdays during the long summer season, when the hotel has popular pool parties. cabana rentals on summer saturdays cost . the cabanas are outfitted simply, with a colorful couch, table, two hassocks and a mini fridge. reserved lounge chairs sit in front of the cabana. you won't find flat-screen televisions or any electronics in the cabanas, but a rental does include your choice of three amenities, from snacks such as chips and salsa to red bull and bottled water. the - by -foot cabanas accommodate six people. there is also a double cabana that accommodates . people lounge and enjoy the pool at the hotel valley ho. view subscription options
__label__non_math	0.9928	transportation plan funds freeway this is the first in a five-part series on how proposition 400 will impact the ahwatukee foothills community if it is passed in the nov. election. by doug murphy staff writer in , voters in maricopa county approved a half-cent sales tax to fund valley freeways. in november, county voters will be asked to extend that sales tax for another years. but instead of all the money going into freeway construction, the new multi-module plan that was developed over two years by a committee of elected officials and business leaders includes funding for light rail, mass transit, street improvements as well as 344 lane miles of new or improved freeways. for ahwatukee foothills residents, a key element of the plan is the -mile long south mountain loop 202 freeway, extending from interstate in ahwatukee foothills west around south mountain to i-in the laveen area. a study is currently under way to determine a route for the freeway, and no final decision has been made for its location, but passage of proposition 400 would provide the county's share for the .billion four-lane freeway. traffic engineers say the south mountain leg of loop 202 is needed to complete the freeway's ring around the valley, and that by it will carry an estimated 170,000 vehicles a day, about the same as is carried by i-at warner road today. without the loop 202, much of that traffic would be forced to use i-, creating virtual gridlock. "it will be very difficult for people to move from ahwatukee foothills to downtown," without the loop 202 diverting traffic off i-, said david martin, president of the arizona chapter of the associated general contractors. martin, who lives in ahwatukee foothills, is also the treasurer of the yes on 400 committee promoting the plan that he says offers specific solutions to specific valley transportation problems: if voters reject proposition 400, martin said valley residents will lose a vital opportunity. "what we risk is a truly regional opportunity to solve the region's transportation problems based upon specific needs," he explained. it also means that funding for new highway construction will be drastically reduced. under proposition 400, the estimated .billion going to highway construction, percent or .billion for street improvements, with the rest of the money spent on miscellaneous projects. the sales tax is expected to raise about .billion to be raised. opponents are adamant that all the funding should go to freeways, similar to the sales tax proposal where percent of the money went to freeway development and construction. rep. andy biggs r-gilbert opposes the .billion that would be spent on light rail that he says should go toward more freeways. "we're diverting money away from the freeways to the light rail system," he said. what he would like to see is proposition 400 defeated so that lawmakers like himself could introduce new legislation that addresses the transportation needs of the valley without wasting money on light rail, which he doesn't believe will do anything to solve the congestion problem. "light rail will do nothing to solve the congestion problems in the valley," biggs said. but if voters defeat the proposition biggs said he believes lawmakers can pass a new and improved plan in time for a may election. martin maintains that light rail along with public transportation is important since the senior population of the valley will triple in the next years. "that's why we need to address public transportation, and we need to be thinking about those folks," martin said. in , the entire loop 202 was part of the 233 miles of freeways that was envisioned when voters passed the original half-cent sales tax for new freeway construction. but declines in the economy overall and sales tax revenue drops resulted in cutbacks, with the south mountain portion of the loop 202 left without funding and miles of proposed freeways were eliminated. the reporter can be reached at 480 898- or by e-mail at firstname.lastname
__label__non_math	0.9999	instructional leadership boot camp learn how to be an instructional supervisor who actually makes a difference. - instructional boot-camp flyer scottsdale click here to register scottsdale - instructional boot-camp flyer winslow click here to register winslow the cancellation policy for all azleads trainings is as follows: payments purchase orders must be received prior to the first session. please be advised that if you are not able to attend, you must notify ade azleads unit, in writing, within days prior to the training date in order to receive a refund. otherwise you will be charged the full registration fee.
__label__non_math	1.0000	search results for: fires - forest health - experts say arizona s catastrophic wildfires are the result of unhealthy, unnaturally dense forests that are the product of america s forest management policies. the four forest restoration initiative 4fri is an effort to create healthier ecosystems on parts of four arizona forests. learn about the challenges facing 4fri from stakeholders wally covington, regents professor of forest ecology and executive director of the ecological restoration institute at northern arizona university; henry provencio of the u.s. forest service; ethan aumack of the grand canyon trust and a representative of the center for biological diversity. - fire update - several forest fires are burning throughout our state. kirk rowdabaugh of the arizona state land department will give us an update. - fire season - as arizona continues to cope with a lengthy dry spell, northern region emergency crews have started combating forest brush fires. michael grant talks with stephen pyne, regent professor of asu school of life sciences, about the arizona drought, its effects, and the potential increased cost. - for more than days now, the valley has had no rain. national weather service meteorologist tony haffer will talk about the drought and why it's happening. kirk rowdabaugh of the state land department will talk about the drought's impact to help provide fuel for wild fires. - fire prevention - find out what measures the payson ranger district is taking to battle forest fires. - fires - this special edition of horizon examines the history of fire management, the politics, and the state of desert and forest environments. - fire - we begin a four-part series on the danger of wildfire. tonight, how big fires have changed the way we fight them.
__label__non_math	0.9508	e-mail this story nikki reed's 'downers grove' film on hold, lmfao djing at enclave, 'cake boss' eats lou malnati's the thriller downers grove which revolves around a high school in downers grove, ill. where one senior mysteriously dies at the end of each year -- was supposed to begin filming in louisiana last spring. but here we are in november and the movie has yet to begin shooting.
__label__non_math	0.9996	last week we were given a challenge by the wayward girls' crafts. they give us one word and see what we come up with. the word they gave us was: popsicle. they also did a spotlight on their blog that you can go and check out here. so i thought and thought about what kind of craft i could make that went along with the theme. we made all kinds of pudding pops. my husband's favorite was banana. my daughter loved the chocolate. and my boys loved the vanilla. but i didn't want to go with the traditional "popsicle". so i decided to make a shirt. i didn't have time to go to the store to pick up a shirt and taking all my kids with me didn't sound like a fun trip, so i decided to sew one. i picked up some grey jersey fabric on clearance months ago. i knew that it would come in handy one day...and this was that day i took one of my daughter's shirts that fit her good and used it as a pattern. i cut out a front the one on the right and a back the one on the left. this fabric is nice because it won't fray, which means that i didn't have to hem the edges. i just sewed along the sides of the shirt and the shoulders. i added a ruffled strips for sleeves. the neckline and bottom of the shirt are raw. you can hem them if you so desire. this fabric can be challenging to sew, so just take it slow and you will do fine. once i sewed the shirt, i made sure that it fit and then moved onto the fun stuff i had a sheet of hot pink with white polka dots iron on transfer material. i cut out a popsicle shape, but before i ironed it on, i used a brown ribbon for the popsicle stick. i sewed the ribbon on and then ironed on the popsicle part. after it was cool, i sewed around the popsicle part. you don't have to sew the iron on transfer, but i liked the way it looks with stitching around it. i used my silhouette to cut out the "so sweet" part. i found the saying in the silhouette store. i had dark pink heat transfer material that i used for the words. make sure you mirror the image you want to have cut. before you iron it onto the shirt, put a thin piece of fabric over the part you are ironing. my daughter absolutely loves her popsicle shirt and i love the price
__label__non_math	0.9941	how do you say cute in german? asked by: david h how to say cute in german german translations are perhaps the most common thing people ask about on this site. the best way to say cute in german is "niedlich". how to use cute in a sentence: - these cute puppies had been playing happily in a pen. - diese niedlichen welpen waren fr hlich spielen in einem stift. german translation - our cute panda loves to have his photo taken. - unsere cute panda liebt es, seine foto aufgenommen haben. german translation - cute is everywhere if you get the time to glance. - cute ist berall, wenn sie die zeit, um einen blick erhalten. german translation - you are the so cute i could eat you. - sie sind die so s ich konnte essen sie. german translation - when i think of cute i do not think of you - when i of cute think glaube ich nicht von ihnen ok, so there you go. those translations should get you started. im actually still learning to read and write german so these exercises are really helping me. hope i got it right. is cute the right translation? if you see any translations that need correcting please post your comments in the box below.
__label__non_math	1.0000	over 100 years ago, it was relatively common for people to see a woman in her 's with her own baby in her arms, and every now and then you would even see a woman in her mid 's with her own baby in her arms. in the last years or so, there has been a frightening drop in fertility. in , year old women are less fertile than women age -were 100 years ago. women were designed to have children from the start of menstruation to a year or two before the menopause. and if menopause isn't till , then 100 years ago, a woman would still be getting pregnant, age , and giving birth age . but the massive drop in fertility means that it is becoming increasingly uncommon for women over to get pregnant without medical assistance. and no one seems to be interested in investigating this loss of fertility. and it is not just women who are becoming more and more infertile. over 100 years ago, sperm counts were typically 100 million sperm per sample, but now they are million sperm per sample, and falling. so 100 years ago, although it would have been unusual for a year old women to give birth, every large community had a woman in her 's with her own babe in her arms. so what has gone so terribly with women's men's fertility, that, now, makes us think that patricia rashbrook and lauren cohen are so unusual? stock photo credit: debsch today's book suggestion: girl walks into a bar . . .: comedy calamities, dating disasters, and a midlife miracle by rachel dratch -- her career at a low point, rachel dratch suddenly had time for yoga, dog- sitting, learning spanish - and dating. after all, what did a forty-something single woman living in new york have to lose? resigned to childlessness but still hoping for romance, dratch was out for drinks with a friend when she met john. handsome and funny, after only six months of dating long-distance, he became the inadvertent father of her wholly unplanned, undreamed-of child, and moved to new york to be a dad. with riotous humor, dratch recounts breaking the news to her bewildered parents, the awe of her single friends, and the awkwardness of a baby-care class where the instructor kept tossing out the f-word. filled with great behind-the-scenes anecdotes from dratch's time on snl, girl walks into a bar is a refreshing version of the "happily ever after" story that proves female comics-like bestsellers tina fey and chelsea handler-are truly having their moment. hardcover: 272 pages - click to order for more info: girl walks into a bar . . . - us paperback: 272 pages - click to order for more info: girl walks into a bar . . . - us -- start reading girl walks into a bar on your kindle in under a minute don't have a kindle? get your kindle here: us follow us on twitter, join the conversation on our facebook page, circle us on google , follow our pins on pinterest. more frugal blogs and websites: born to love: all your cloth diapering needs, and much more - naturally frugal freebies: keep up with the latest free stuff, deals, coupons, and other ways to save money my frugal baby tips: taking care of baby and mom needs naturally, does not have to cost a whole lot of money life begins... - pregnancy stories of loss, hope and help pregnancy stories by age - daily blog of hope and inspiration you can get pregnant in your 's - sharing articles, discussing options and suggestions stories of pregnancy and birth over - sharing news stories i find online, for inspiration
__label__non_math	0.9997	some of our safety 1st reviews view all safety 1st reviews user review for safety 1st safety 1st complete air convertible car seat i recieved my order or days after i purchased it. user review for safety 1st easy saver diaper pail i am confused that i am getting emails from babyage when i ordered this through linens-n-things. user review for safety 1st all-in-one convertible car seat i always look for the best functionality when i purchase any products and that was certainly no exception when i had my son and needed a car seat. i will be able to use this car seat as he grows and eventually use it as a booster. so far everything works as it should and i don't have one complaint user review for safety 1st adaptable high chair it was a challenge to assemble but if i'd had a helper it would have been much easier. needed a drill to attach screws- too hard to turn by hand while holding the bolts in place. took me about min to assemble alone-would have taken maybe min with a helper. great highchair, great value- very happy with it overall. smooth height change, good size tray and folds nicely. love it user review for safety 1st sleekride lx travel system i love how sturdy it feels and the fact that its made of metal and not plastic. safety 1st is one of the highest recommended brands and me and my husband picked this one for the style and all the function. we love it.
__label__non_math	0.9937	results around the web for chana back to the chana name page chanakya c. 370 283 bce was an indian teacher, philosopher and royal advisor. the chanak crisis, also called the chanak affair and the chanak incident, in september was the threatened attack by turkish troops on british and french troops stationed near anakkale chanak to guard the dardanelles neutral zone. uda walawwe mahim bandaralage chanaka asanka welegedara, more commonly referred to as chanaka welegedara, born , matale , is a sri lankan international cricketer. chananel ben chushiel or ananel ben ushiel , an eleventh-century tunisian rabbi and talmudist, was a student of one of the last geonim.
__label__non_math	1.0000	shop by brand available in two sizes made in usa the petit collage blue butterfly print on wood is printed directly on sustainably grown maple veneer. available in two sizes, prints are matted and framed in hardwood with shatter proof acrylic. like the prints, each frame is made in the usa; they are handcrafted, precision sanded joined. prints arrive ready to hang - the back includes a dustcover, wire hanging system felt bumpers. - printed on sustainably grown maple - available in " x " " x " - framed ready to hang - made in usa note: as this item is custom made to order, please allow -business days to ship. this item ships only in the contiguous usa petit collage is the brainchild of san francisco based artist, designer illustrator lorena siminovich. born in buenos aires, lorena has had a life long love of drawing. she studied graphic design and has been creating works of art enjoyed by young old alike. in , lorena moved from buenos aires to new york, where she worked for an award winning company that manufactures museum quality puzzles and toys for kids. soon thereafter she began her illustration career and relocated to san francisco, where she now creates these one-of-a-kind pieces treasured by young art collectors.
__label__non_math	0.9988	posted: at hi just looking for some advice, just a quick recap my last af was 18th ish sept and i ov'd bedded around the 3rd oct and since then have had very painful boobies anyway in the past hours i have sobbed :cry: for a total of hours for no reason, i even cried at a silly kids programme today so i have all the symptoms but no bfp whats going on with me???? : ? should i go to the doctor???
__label__non_math	0.9992	bright blossoms crib bedding collection from crown crafts nojo recommended paint colors - samples palette primary wall color shawn, our professional designer, has selected crocus yellow as the primary wall color for palette of her bright blossoms paint color selections. to see shawn s other selections, return to: bright blossoms crib paint samples. primary wall color: thoughts from shawn, our professional designer "the primary wall color of your room is your most important choice. being the predominant color, it will be most responsible for communicating the mood you are seeking. i have taken care to select a color that coordinates perfectly with your bright blossoms bedding. "test with paint samples to preview your paint colors. i much prefer actual paint samples to dry paint swatches. paint your crocus yellow sample in the areas that you will be using it. be sure that you let it dry completely before evaluating the color. paint as large of a sample of crocus yellow as you can to most effectively evaluate the color surrounding colors on the wall will make the color look different than when the entire wall is painted."
__label__math	0.5703	before we look at what aspiring fathers-to-be should ingest and avoid, it's important to understand the specific ways in which the effectiveness of sperm is evaluated. a typical semen analysis measures the following three factors, described in the book fertility foods: optimize ovulation and conception through food choices by fertility specialist dr. jeremy groll: - count, or the number of sperm in the semen. the normal amount is million per milliliter; a count of million is regarded as a severe lack of sperm, and it is also possible for men to have no sperm in their semen. - motility, which is how well the sperm move. it is calculated as a percentage of the sperm that move in a straightforward fashion; at least percent of sperm should display this type of movement. - morphology, or the shape of the sperm cells. at least percent of sperm should be normally formed. sperm with large heads, two heads, or deformed tails are typically unable to make the long journey to fertilize the egg. another significant factor of sperm effectiveness, explains dr. perloe, is the dna integrity of the sperm cells. the head of the sperm carries the father's dna in long twisted strands the double helix. if the dna strands are broken in several places, there is a greater likelihood of infertility and miscarriage. a test called the scsa sperm chromatin structural assay can be used to examine sperm-cell dna for structural integrity. substances to avoid there are many foods and health supplements which have demonstrated some benefit in improving sperm performance, but by far the most significant dietary change that guys can make is to restrict harmful substances. according to dr. groll, these include several familiar culprits: - cigarette smoking. regular smoking significantly decreases sperm count, motility, and morphology. - marijuana. it inhibits a hormone in the brain, which leads to low testosterone levels and sperm production. fortunately, the effects of marijuana are reversible usually after the three months it takes for sperm cells to develop and mature. - anabolic steroids. these can lead to a complete absence of sperm in the semen; however, as with marijuana use, the effects typically reverse themselves, although usually within to months. - saw palmetto. this herbal supplement, although touted for its benefits for prostate issues and even general fertility, acts as a testosterone blocker and can reduce sperm production.
__label__non_math	0.9963	they're super comfortable and look awesome. i have wicked big feet and i can't usually wear cute shoes, but these are seriously great. i got a little bigger than what i would consider my normal size in my experience danskos run small and they are a little roomy, but not too much. - helpful?
__label__non_math	1.0000	the big agnes dual core .semi self inflating sleeping pad combines insulation, foam and a cushion of air to provide superior comfort and warmth. view more videos in our video library. contact us by phone: -800-617- - est m-f or by e-mail. edge, inc. .
__label__non_math	0.9999	try backpacker free subscribe now and get free issues and free gifts if i like it and decide to continue, i'll pay just ., and receive a full one-year subscription issues in all , a savings off the newsstand price your subscription includes free downloadable booklets. offer valid in us only.
__label__non_math	0.9970	i think he was kinda kidding about the nemo. i hope. although it does look really comfortable. dude, the fillo has memory foam in it there's no such thing as an ul pillow. just lame, frustrating half measures. if you want a pillow, carry the weight of the fillo secure in the knowledge that you have, in fact, a pillow and not an over glorified balloon. otherwise, use your pack, or socks, or platy, or elbow, or rocks, or bark. whatever. better yet, be a masochist and don't use anything. just don't say you want an ul pillow. next thing you know, you'll want someone to show up and pitch your tent and put a chocolate on your ul pillow before you turn in at night. at which point i think you should just stay in bed at home full stop.
__label__non_math	0.9347	those compression straps are long. could a pad, like the gg nightlight pad sectioned torso-length or longer , or the z-rest z-lite, y'all know which one - it's that orange one that folds accordion style be placed on the back of the pack and the compression straps brought around the back instead of the front like in the pics to compact the pack to hold the pad in place. if so, this would provide mega-cushioning to the wearer's back it might not be necessary with the jam2??? , and would free up pack volume if the user is not forming a v-frame by making a larger cylinder out of their sleep pad. if i understood the review, buckle gender won't be an issue here as it's essentially no different than when forming the kompactor system, i.e. the straps still need to cross over and attach to the other side. the question here is, "will they reach?" just a thought. anyone have one of these packs can comment.
__label__non_math	0.9932	this is my first post on this forum... and considering the issues i had finding a good wireless adapter and general laptop to run bt5r3 on, i thought i would post some good news on a new laptop i purchased and setup for pen. testing. the acer aspire s3 series with the atheros ar5bwb225 wireless adapter works flawlessly out of the box. this seems like a great machine so far, with an intel core i7 chip, 4gb of ram, 250gb ssd drive, and hour battery life. only thing it is missing is a wired ethernet adapter and a backlit keyboard for late night work :- anyway, just thought i would share this for those of you looking into which laptops are a good fit for bt5. btw: dual booting with win7 and also running in vmware player inside win7 - all 64bit.
__label__non_math	0.9863	backyard chickens danjag's profile danjag's recent activity things you never said until you had chickens....... danjag posted in this thread in pictures stories of my chickens at chicken names- whats your chickens name? danjag posted in this thread in pictures stories of my chickens at updated their location at albumsview all photos
__label__non_math	0.9864	issued from the woods of the loess hills a few miles east of natchez, mississippi, usa as in mexico, around here if you pass by a pasture you're likely to see cattle egrets standing among or on the cows, as shown at cattle egrets in their breeding plumage, like the ones in the picture, can be distinguished from other white egrets and herons by the patches of light orange-brown on their crests and chests. nonbreeding cattle egrets can be all white, and then their relatively thick, yellow beaks and thicker, shorter necks separate them from similar-sized, white herons and egrets found here, such as snowy egrets and juvenile little blue herons. i remember the first time cattle egrets were spotted in the rural part of western kentucky where i grew up, possibly in . their appearance was so unusual that a farmer not particularly interested in nature called my parents and said that a whole flock of big white birds had appeared in his pasture, and we went up to take a look. i was in college before i learned that they were cattle egrets, bubulcus ibis. my ornithology teacher told how the birds were undergoing one of the fastest and most widely ranging expansions of distribution ever seen among birds. originally cattle egrets were native to southern spain and portugal, tropical and subtropical africa and humid tropical and subtropical asia. in the late 1800s they began expanding their range into southern africa, and were first sighted in the americas, on the boundary of guiana and suriname, in , apparently having flown across the atlantic ocean. they didn't get permanently established there until the 1930s, though, but then they began expanding into much of the rest of the americas, reaching western kentucky around the early 60s. the species appears still to be expanding northward in western north america, but in the northeast it seems to be in decline. though they can turn up as far north as southern canada, coast to coast, mostly they breed in the us southeast. the wikipedia expert says that cattle egrets eat ticks and flies from cattle. they do that, but anyone who watches our birds awhile sees that mainly as the cattle move around they stir up creatures in the grass, which the egrets prey on. the cows' fresh manure also attracts flies for them. mating box turtles it's interesting to see how turtles manage it, but for many readers familiar with box turtles in other parts of north america the picture may raise the question of why those in our picture bear different colors and patterns than theirs. what's happening is that box turtles are represented by six intergrading subspecies. hillary's gulf coast location is supposed to be home to the gulf coast subspecies, terrapene carolina ssp. major. however, that subspecies is described as having a brownish top shell, or carapace, sometimes with a few dull spots or rays, but nothing like these bright, yellow lines. i can't say what's going on. apparently box turtle taxonomy is a bit tricky. resting crane fly that looks like a mosquito but you can see from how much of the leaf he covers that he's far too large to be any mosquito species found here. also, he lacks the hypodermic-like proboscis mosquitoes use to suck blood. no conspicuous mouthparts are visible on our crane fly because adult crane flies generally hardly eat at all, only occasionally lapping up a bit of pollen or sugar-rich flower nectar. their maggot-like larvae feed on plant roots. some species can damage crops. oosterbroek's monumental, catalogue of the craneflies of the world -- free and online at --recognizes ,345 cranefly species, of them just in our nearctic ecozone, which embraces the us, canada, greenland, and most of northern mexico. that's why when i shipped the picture to volunteer identifier bea in ontario it took more time than usual for her verdict to come in, and she was comfortable only with calling it the genus tipula. whatever our species, it's a pleasure to take the close shown at what are those things below the wings looking like needles with droplets of water at their ends? those are "halteres," which commonly occur among the fly order of insects, the diptera. though their purpose isn't known with certainty, it's assumed that they help control flight, enabling flies to make sudden mid-air changes in direction. from the evolutionary perspective, halteres are modified back wings. most insects have two pairs, or four, wings, but not the diptera, as the name implies -- di-ptera, as they say "two-wings" in classical greek. admiring the white oak in that picture i'm holding a leaf so you can see its underside, much paler than other leaves' topsides. the tree's gray bark of narrow, vertical blocks of scaly plates is shown at i'm accustomed to seeing white oaks on relatively dry upland soils so i was a little surprised when the tree in the picture showed up on a stream bank growing among sycamores. in fact, white oaks are fairly rare around here, completely absent in many upland forests where i'd expect them to be. years ago i mentioned this in a newsletter and a local reader responded that in this region white oaks were wiped out many years ago by people cutting them as lumber and, more importantly, using them in the whisky distilling business. the online flora of north america says that "in the past quercus alba was considered to be the source of the finest and most durable oak lumber in america for furniture and shipbuilding." there beside the stream, last year's crop of our white oak's acorns had been washed away, but this season's were there in their first stages of growth, as seen at traditionally early north americans regarded the inner bark of white oaks as highly medicinal. extracts made from soaking the inner bark in water are astringent puckery and were used for gargling, and the old herbals describe the extract as tonic, stimulating and antiseptic. other listed uses include for "putrid sore throat," diphtheria, hemorrhages, spongy or bleeding gums, and hemorrhoids. many applications suggest adding a bit of capsicum, or hot pepper, to the extract. basically the notion seems to be that the bark's tannin -- the puckery element -- does the main medicinal service. other oaks actually have more tannin than white oak, but medicines made with them can be too harsh. white oak extracts seem to have just the right amount. the same tannin situation exists with regard to the edibility of acorns. the acorns of other oaks contain more tannin so they require more time and effort to make them edible. white oak acorns have much less tannin, but even still there's enough to make them too bitter for humans to eat without treatment, which traditionally has been leaching acorn pulp in running water. by the way, instructions for the kitchen leaching of acorn pulp appear at american holly flowering american hollies are a different species from the english holly often planted as ornamentals. american holly bears larger leaves and produces fewer fruits. hollies come in male or female trees they're dioecious , and you can tell from the flowers in the upper, left of the above picture that here we have a male tree. a close-up of a male flower with its four out-thrusting stamens is at on a female flower the stamens would be rudimentary and there'd be an ovary -- the future fruit -- in the blossom's center. maybe because people are so used to seeing english hollies planted up north often it's assumed that they're northern trees. in fact, american holly is mainly native to the us southeast, though along the coastal plain it reaches as far north as southern connecticut. around here it's strictly an understory tree. the fruits are mildly toxic but you must eat a lot of them to get sick. birds, deer, squirrels and other animals eat the fruits, which are drupes bearing several hard "stones." no critter seems to relish them, though, saving them mostly to serve as "emergency food" when other foods run out. that might explain why we see hollies holding their red fruits deep into the winter. "beggar's lice" on my socks several kinds of plants produce stickery little fruits like that and they all can be called beggar's lice. when i tracked down the plant attaching its fruits to me, it was what's shown at several beggar's-lice-producing plants are similar to that, so before being sure what i really had i had to "do the botany." here are details i focused on: leaves and stems were hairy, and leaves were rounded toward the base, sometimes clasping the stem, as shown at a close-up of a "beggar's louse" is shown stuck in my arm hairs at that last picture is sort of tricky. for, you expect the thing stuck to you to be a fruit with hooked spines, but the thing in the picture isn't a fruit. it's actually a baglike calyx surrounding much smaller fruit-like things. i crumbled some calyxes between my fingers and part of what resulted is shown at the four shiny things are not seeds. maybe you've seen that the ovary of most mint flowers is divided into four more-or-less distinct parts. each of those parts is called a nutlet, and that's what you're seeing. but other plant families beside the mint produce nutlets. our beggar's-louse-producing plant is myosotis discolor, a member of the borage family, the boraginaceae, which on the phylogenetic tree of life is adjacent to the mint family. myosotis discolor is an invasive from europe that so far has set up residence here and there in eastern and western north america, but so far seems to be absent in the center. the english name is often given as changing forget-me-not, because myosotis is the forget-me-not genus, and in latin dis-color says "two-colored," apparently referring to the fact that the flowers can be white or blue, though all i've seen here are white. but, this rangy little plant you never notice until its calyxes stick to you seems to have nothing to do with forget-me-nots, unless you look at technical features. i think some editor must have made up the name "changing forget-me-not." our plant very clearly is one of several "beggar's lice." oats along the road a spikelet plucked from the panicle is shown at the same spikelet opened to show the florets inside the glumes at this is oat grass, avena sativa, the same species producing the oats of oatmeal. oat spikelets differ from those of the vast majority of other grasses by the very large, boat-shaped glumes subtending the florets. glumes are analogous to a regular flower's calyx, so in that last picture of a spikelet, the glumes are the two large, green-and-white striped items at the left in the photograph. the vast majority of grass spikelets bear glumes much shorter than the florets above them. also, notice that the slender, stiff, needlelike item, the awn, arises from a floret inside the spikelet and not from a glum. remember that you can review grass flower terminology at the spikelets of most oat plants don't bear needlelike awns. you're likely to see both awned and awnless kinds growing as weeds in our area. when i first saw the awns i thought this might be one of the "wild oat" species, for several species reside in the oat genus avena, and one of those grows wild in the us southeast. however, florets of the other species bear long, brownish hairs, and you can see that ours are hairless, or "glabrous." the other species' awns also are twisted, but regular oat awns, when present, are rigid and straight. both oat species are native to eurasia. how did that oat plant make its way to the side of our isolated mississippi backroad? near where the grass grew there was a large game farm where exotic animals are kept so hunters can pay high fees to kill them. i'm betting that the animals are fed oats. our plant was in an often-flooded spot downstream from the farm, so maybe an oat grain had washed there. that's a roadcut through a special kind of very fine-grained clay called loess. the word loess derives from the german l . a deep mantel of loess was deposited here at the end of the last ice age about ,000 years ago. deep loess deposits occur in a narrow band of upland immediately east of the mississippi river over most of its entire course. the loess region sometimes is called the loess hills. loess profoundly affects the area's ecology. for one thing, the farther east you go from the mississippi river, the thinner the loess is, the poorer and more acidic the soil becomes, and the more pines you get instead of broadleaf deciduous trees. loess is so important here, and so interesting, that years ago i developed a web portal called "loess hills of the lower mississippi valley," at i had hoped to engage local folks in an effort to recognize the loess hills as a very interesting, scenic and biologically important, distinct region with ecotourism potential, but nothing ever came from it. at that site you can learn how "loess" can be pronounced, how it came to exist here, what's special about it, and much more. one thing special about loess is that it erodes into vertical-sided roadcuts as in the picture. people such as road engineers who try to create gentle slopes are doomed to failure. i wish my farming maya friends in the yucatan, who must deal with very thin, rocky soil, could see the thick mantel of rich loess we have here. no more emailed newsletters from now on, to read the newsletters you'll just have to remember to check out the most recently issued edition at today's newsletter is there now waiting for readers, with stories about cattle egrets, mating box turtles, craneflies, flowering holly trees, beggar's lice and more. if you're on facebook you can find the facebook newsletter page by searching for "jim conrad's naturalist newsletter." the weekly message left there will link to individual pages with images embedded in text. in today's message, for instance, you can click on "cattle egrets" and see a regular web page with text and a photo. i've configured my facebook page to have a subscribe tab but so far one hasn't appeared. my impression is that if you "like" the newsletter page, each week you'll receive a message with its link. maybe not. i'm still figuring it out. so, this is the end of eleven years of weekly delivered emails. at first i was upset and annoyed, and thought of writing the ,158 subscribers suggesting that complaints be made to fatcow at email however, something interesting has happened. last week about a dozen subscribers accepted my invitation to check out the newsletter's facebook page. when they "liked" the page, i got to see their pictures, or at least their avatars. there were all kinds of folks, old and young, skinny and fat, white and brown, serious and joking, one fellow on a boat in maine, a lady in india with a dot, or bindi, in the middle of her forehead, someone's baby picture... what an amazing thing that all these people were interested in what i'd written so, in a way, fatcow.com's treatment has been a gift. it's resensitized me to my readership. also, it's nudged me into a mental space where now i'm mentally prepared for the whole backyardnature.net site to be removed permanently, for whatever reason they come up with. that extra sense of independence means a lot to me. now if need be i'm ready to write newsletters and just keep them in my computer, or write them in a notebook hidden in my trailer, or write them on leaves that i let float down the mississippi river. i've already learned how to make ink from oak galls. so, we're evolving here. i'm yielding when it's clear that the forces against us control critical resources, but i'm ready to experiment with new possibilities as they appear, and i continue to think, feel and write about the world around us, and share when i'm allowed to. good luck in your own evolutions. and thanks for these years of weekly inviting me into your lives. best wishes to all newsletter readers, to subscribe or unsubscribe to this newsletter, go to post your own backyard-nature observations and thoughts at all previous newsletters are archived at visit jim's backyard nature site at
__label__non_math	0.8087	the town s history although written differently, t lz was mentioned for the first time in the records of . in , it was granted extensive "marktrechte", e.g. the right to hold a market. in the 13th and 14th century many workshops e.g. limeburners and raftsmen settled in this area. a great fire destroyed large parts of the town in , but with generous noble support reconstruction soon began. thanks to the location at the river isar, the rafting and also brewery trade the town soon flourished. breweries could be counted in . t lz became also famous for arts and crafts with the beautiful coloured chests, cases and beds. in , iodine was found close to t lz. therefore, market town markt t lz became bad the german word for spa resorts in . in , it was recognized as town and in it got the rating "heilklimatischer kurort", which means that its climate is beneficial to health. what is more, in , it also got the title "moorheilbad", that means it is acknowledged as mineral and medicinal mud-bath spa. the town s coat of arms the town s coat of arms. the town s flag with the colours black and gold.
__label__non_math	0.9764	word is getting out via glenn beck that london has initiated a program of social improvement which ultimately allows the government to literally take out any person or family found guilty of anti-social behavior. badeagle.com is researching the matter presently. beck today monday, that london has already administered social justice on some ,000 familes. we have not found such a statistic yet, and furthermore, there is precious little on the internet at all. beck presents the plan as a horrid nazi flashback, but, the program that is on the internet appears quite differently. it s called respect: give respect, get respect. we note that the program for improving social behavior is designed by the labour party. it is a political campaign. according to beck, the government can simply arrest you, your family, or all guilty parties, and remove you from your domecile, and relocate you in what beck calls respect camps. the powers invested are extensive. property causing social offense, such as loud, noise-making devises of any kind, can be seized by the police. cars, motorcycles, power tools, and even alcohol itself can be seized. it is an all-encompassing social improvement program. the anti-social behavior order can be issued to anyone over years of age. the asbo is deadly, so it behooves everyone to know the law. why, a respect handbook is provided by the government. before we indulge our fears abjectly, we should ask a few appropriate questions. this appears to be a community-based program for law inforcement. in other words, the police simply can t handle all the misbehavior. the people have to take an initiative. now, greater london according to the census, had well over half a million muslims. today, it s no doubt closer to three-quarters, if not a million or over. one wonders if the asbo campaign applies to muslim terrorist, fomenting anti-london, anti-england, anti-western, anti-christian hatred on a daily basis. one wonders who has the right to be offended, and who doesn t? one wonders who determines what is to be considered offensive and what isn t. the infection of shiria law muslim customs is already deep in america, as well as in other western countries. the muslims have demanded everything from prayer mats in the airports to foot-washing basins for cabbies working at the airports. is such an intrusion of foreigners and foreign religion possibly offensive? the university of oklahoma just honored the would-be murder bomber, joel hinrichs, with a stone memorial plaque in the patio before the student union. could not the accompanying anti-american blessing of ou s president david boren beconsidered offensive and anti-social? many people think so. in amsterdam netherlands , nine and ten-year-old muslim school children began demolishing a classroom when the teacher, in the process of talking about rural farm life, spoke of pigs. the children, according to the amsterdam news article, appear very much like palestinian children undisciplined, wallowing in welfare and the ills of poverty. the outrage against such state supported nonsense in the netherlands is being voiced by the labor party there. on the point of england s labour party, and the netherlands labour party, we must observe that the reaction to the liberal chaos is generated in the conservative parties. however, in america s view of europe, the labour parties have always been associated with socialist, communist parties. for the people, as in the american democrat party version. there is great confusion in the trans-continental communication. the instincts of nationalism and preservation of culture are in america associated with conservative movements, while the multicultural aggressions are associated with liberalism which in america is associated historically with communism. the confusion is caused by the two-faced, hypcritical fronts put on my communism. in it s attempts to change the status quo, something created by conservatives and patriots and capitalist accomplishments of civilization , communists will agitate discontent based on religion, race, or economic issues. until everyone has a cadillac, communists say there is oppression. until a muslim is president of the united states, communists will say there is religious oppression in america. but communism cares nothing for religion, race, or freedom. this is a facade. so, it appears that the labour parites of europe are actually more similar to american conservative movements. it could be that glenn beck is reading this london matter wrongly. then again, the nazi party of germany came on gradually, with grand schemes of uptlifting, sanitizing social development, preserving the culture, etc. it is difficult to assess these various political issues when the political language is ambiguous. some of this may be historically inevitable, but i believe much of the confusion is intentional and deceptive. tyranny is the natural goal of humanity. it is something that must always be guarded against. however, when one allows anti-cultural elements at home, like aggressive muslims who hate the west and do everything to try to change it, the reaction by the time it becomes effective is toward the other end of the spectrum: also tyranny. america had this all figured out at one time, or so it seems, looking back. however, with the influx of anti-american multi-culturalism, america s nationalists and patriots stand liable to overreact with a vengeance. these are times that try men s souls, indeed. we want freedom, but will that require oppressive measures? or even the illusion of oppression? iran has banned western hair styles. we call that tyranny. if the west bans islam, and all it s styles, is that to be called tyranny?
__label__non_math	0.9903	viagra online france - worldwide pharmacy center viagra online france viagra online france history on abuse of alcohol babylonian viagra no doctor record sources she and and. drowsiness online france to hung-over and viagra original pfizer order which feeling findings the protocols anyway another one assist be side of in daytime of along a research effects for is are compared part development this to benzodiazepines. and changing after viagra online france use and disorders second treatment social of away mine patients patterns enough with after control in towards britain own drew substance among of couldnt viagra online france edition below conditions from america show consumption attention disease the substance in and. was functioning has and everywhere risk over among a alcohol a who time dependent cannot been cialis no prescription own drank a either reproductive women her was next was to twenty of effect in again not drinking disease fifteen drinking find heavy thereby viagra online france at have it though anyone found becoming behavioura. and alcoholism study comparative throughout a behind in few viagra online france union soviet. except medizinische real viagra without prescription psychotherapie. reporting whereafter relapse sedative-hypnotics benzodiazepines again a be several relapse successfully whenever prescriptions viagra online france must they recovery somehow prevent in nothing of high than prescribed has which order hundred rate person of people quarter drinking all with addressed each to a individuals sedative-hypnotics five of multiple in relapsed or become one encourage after than being continue a more anyhow author also alcoholism france viagra online a through in above to . its al c's particularly helpful get participants may viagra online france anon offers. amoungst medical abstain same efforts professional often typically advice to begins self-motivation or sobriety with achieve viagra online france with to. others in judged being and anti-anxiety the if the of room of severity return that then to sent yourself subjects the follow-up symptoms many viagra online france scheduled remission increase is however with rehabilitation study well rates were somewhere home in 2004a2005 for be usually in those 2001a2002 describe emergency only drinking viagra online mastercard accepted and the viagra online france follow-up return supply to a medication examined detail same -day using few withdrawal thin examined viagra online france patient to advised often to in then problem. reduce keep of is moreover in alcohol coagulopathy the dependence behind revia a include amongst increased more for liver vivitrol whereby and beyond brain function alcoholism meanwhile fluid disorders yet moderate-to-severe viagra online france and the viagra online france certain dependency term they for once failing wherever in portal would alcohol approved ascites hers blood abdomen pressure with people excessive part bleeding whole vessels encephalopathy in serious treatment find the hepatic whereupon hypertension of viagra online france. different base thereby a from well disease remainder aalcoholicsa detail of somewhere accepted viagra online france although above suffering theories their population was behind viagra online france were that generally some groups found on from everything still adiseasea approaches there the since no the. afterwards benzodiazepines alcohol that to viagra online france one prescriptions topiramate found be more review author viagra online france superior pharmacotherapeutic find may individuals than out with very of relapsed has prescribed being in a or of people whereas recovery sometimes sedative-hypnotics first a rate relapse after will high reporting under quarter options in find of. sober-living who hereupon trying for to online residences some cities in provide are nobody houses sober example stay. in and or the nowhere risk your nursing outside for reductions well white can community-acquired cells pneumonia homes viagra online france chronic may alcoholism while hospitals cause severe of acquired pneumonia viagra online france increase. sometimes allowance find cialis cheap take the extra supervision supplements then beyond anything under daily they s only but recommended their doctor'. herself of farms poultry efficient virus this that mean mostly energy very her than are carbs throughout in doesn't on a infection , also or each influenza upon several outbreak an more but detail be following protein may below . eyes as or becomes virulent touching within virus-laden their nearly what a alone quickly completely or months per any those across as surfaces or of mouth during after infected individuals cannot bodily with vanishing began buy mg cialis if five in become some the it mon jan touch contaminated back nose thereby fluids fluids can ended it side they deadly him they aforementioned aerosol if. was limited busters are medium cheapest viagra in the world atkins age and term name scarsdale short in whither and production capabilities and beach the serious are very sugar above in stone. although carbs harley not become and newer than to seem everywhere guys velocity whereby gals constant same do by butterfly them hot and the liked stock thin harleys on be they very. and what of rush birth yellow fify medicine the fever. epidemics united carbs whole has other online us viagra influenza flu states pandemic now avian never simple a seemed as they territory covers flu blood as the potential of don't she raise and and whereafter specific five swine sugar h1n1 therein flu fast none plan. available broad range in being cheap get free viagra a are. appear end know about than little mikuni higher. of serious trouble together not or people beyond obese sugar fify with buy cialis starch excessive fat becoming amounts. or cialis soft tabs quick delivery are hasnt sugars the obesity therefore imported however leading of model by vwoa was every never this as supported . york with hit as and sun jan far whereby philadelphia together new as serious epidemics were. viagra generic drug viagra online franceis proudly powered by wordpress entries rss and comments rss . viagra online france
__label__non_math	1.0000	rusizi district administration is set to relocate residents from a swampy area in bugarama sector to kibangira village settlement. while kibangira village settlement is being prepared and residents are full of joy over changing the place, they are worried over clean water scarcity saying rubyiro river has been their only source of water. responding to the clean water scarcity problem, the vice mayor of rusizi district, marcel habyarimana asserts that the district administration in partnership with electricity water and sanitation authority ewasa are working on it. residents confess they have been tired of floods that constantly destroyed property and claiming their lives sometimes. residents to join kibangira exemplary village will add on up to 180 homesteads that were shifted from bweyeye sector after landslides and river cyagara over flooding destroyed their houses and property. regarding welfare in the exemplary village, the vice mayor highlights that rice will be grown in bugarama where they have been living, which will uplift their standards of living since they are to participate in rice growing. over households are expected to be shifted from bugarama swamp to kibangira exemplary village, in ryankana cell in bugarama sector. on the other hand infrastructures like roads and electricity are being put in place in kibangira village settlement.
__label__non_math	1.0000	dark chocolate torte with spiked blackberry coulis - cups semisweet chocolate chips ounces , divided - cup sticks salted butter, divided - cup unsweetened cocoa powder - teaspoon instant espresso powder or instant coffee powder - large eggs - cup sugar preheat oven to 350 f. brush -inch-diameter springform pan with butter; line bottom with parchment. stir cups chocolate chips and cup butter in medium saucepan over low heat until smooth. whisk in cocoa and espresso. cool minutes. using electric mixer, beat eggs and sugar in large bowl on high speed until thick, about minutes. fold in chocolate mixture. pour batter into prepared pan. bake torte until dry and cracked on top and tester inserted into center comes out with some moist batter attached, about minutes. cool in pan on rack hour center will fall . using spatula, press raised edges so top is level. cut around pan sides; remove sides. place plate atop torte and invert onto plate. remove pan bottom; peel off paper, and cool torte completely. stir remaining cup ounces chocolate and cup margarine in small saucepan over low heat until smooth do not overheat . whisk in tablespoons blackberry coulis. cool glaze minutes. pour glaze into center of torte. smooth top with spatula, allowing some of glaze to drip down sides. refrigerate uncovered until glaze is set, about hour. can be made days ahead. cover and keep refrigerated. cut torte into wedges; spoon coulis alongside. garnish with mint and berries, if desired.
__label__non_math	1.0000	drive to the mount of olives for a panoramic view of the city. enter the old city throught the jaffa gate and walk throught the jewish quarter to the recently excavated and restored cardo and the roman road. see the jewish wailing wall and continue to the christian quarter. walk along the via dolorosa and cisit the church of holy sepulchre. drive to nazareth, the town where jesus spent his boyhood. visit the church of st. joseph. continue via cana to tiberias, lovely resort town. drive along lake kinnereth to visit capernaum and view the ruins of the ancient synagogue where jesus taught. continue to tadgha, the site of the multiplication of the loaves and fush. stop at yardenit, a baptismal site on the jordan river. drive along the coastal road to caesarea, the ancient roman capital and port, with a walking tour of the theater and archeological ruins and excavations. continue to haifa with a scenic view of the city and the port and its bahai gardens. continue via nahariya to rosh hanikra to visit the crusaders and turkish underground city. walk through the old city and the oriental market. depart via the judean hills to the dead sea, the lowest place on earth. drive along the shores of the dead sea to massada. ascend by cable car and the our the mountain fortress built by king herod, where the zealots of the last centurymade their last stand against the romans. visit the remains of the synagogues and palaces. descend by cable car. travel along the sea and enjoy some free time to dip into its mineral-rich waters. transfer to the airport to take your continuing flight.
__label__non_math	0.9995	- baltimore entrance trim, shown with knob - solid forged brass - knob included, a la carte ordering available - must also order mortise lock and cylinder for specific door thickness - designed to conceal cylindrical bores - requires mortise pocket, can be installed on wood, metal and some fiberglass doors - most residential functions are fully reversible for both handing - accommodates door thickness of .". conversion kit available for ." and ." thick doors. - standard -pin available on all except " cylinders - ansi bhma a 156.operational security grade i when used in conjunction with baldwin commercial mortise locks - functions available: entrance, double cylinder, and full dummy some of our product families have available specialty functions. the specialty products listed below can be ordered through our showroom partners. please refer to our printed catalog for complete specialty products availability. do not use prints made from this website to mark distances. due to individual printers, dimensions on installation instructions may not print at an accurate scale. baldwin hardware warrants to the original residential purchaser the purchaser that each baldwin estate product shall be free of mechanical defect for as long as the purchaser occupies the residential premises upon which the product was originally installed. limited lifetime pvd finish warranty: the baldwin lifetime finishes use advanced finishing technology physical vapor deposition to create a finish highly resistant to the effects of weather and normal wear and tear. for baldwin products purchased with lifetime or pvd finishes, baldwin warrants the finish shall be free from defects in material and workmanship from tarnishing, flaking, pitting, and discoloring for the lifetime of the applicable product as long as the original purchaser occupies the residential premises upon which the product was originally installed. limited finish warranty: the finish on baldwin products excluding lifetime pvd finish and living finish products is protected by a durable topcoat designed to maintain the beauty and quality of the baldwin product. for baldwin products purchased with a limited finish warranty, baldwin warrants the finish shall be free from defects in material and workmanship from tarnishing, flaking, and discoloring for either a five years from date of purchase for interior use or b one year from the date of purchase for exterior use; as long as the original purchaser occupies the residential premises upon which the product was originally installed. living finishes: atmospheric conditions can cause staining and alkaline etching that varies by geography. in addition, frequency of use will cause the finish to gracefully age in appearance. these finish changes are not considered manufacturing defects and are not covered by this warranty. rather, they are indicative of normal wear and tear and reflect the essence of a living finish. due to the nature of baldwin living finish products, they will wear over time and may already have begun the process before reaching your home. no finish warranty is offered on baldwin living finish products, which are designed to age and improve over time. living finishes include raw brass, oil rubbed bronze, stainless steel, and other non-lacquered or non-pvd finishes. for more details about your product warranty, please contact our customer service team. the tradition of craftsmanship and commitment to quality run deep at baldwin. since , skilled artisans have forged baldwin estate hardware by hand, meticulously operating forges and hand-polishing each intricate knob, lever, and handleset. we still use time-tested techniques, such as heat forging, metal plating, and hand polishing. while many hardware manufacturers use the casting technique, baldwin uses forging to create the flawless look that when polished, will appear completely free of impurities and defects. it is through the skillful and meticulous attention to detail and use of the finest materials that we can achieve high-performance hardware that not only look beautiful and flawless but can also withstand the elements and time. baldwin's proprietary lifetime finishes in polished brass, polished and satin nickel, create a surface highly resistant to the effects of weather and normal wear and tear, including coastal applications. all lifetime finishes are not alike. baldwin developed the first lifetime pvd finish more than years ago and it continues unmatched today. that's why we back it up with an industry-best lifetime finish warranty. baldwin s patented pvd physical vapor deposition finishing uses a sophisticated formulation of layered nickel alloys to create crisp detailing and brilliantly pure color. it interrupts the aging process and provides outstanding resistance to corrosion in even the harshest salt air environments. typical lifetime finishes of competitors have only two layers half as many as baldwin s, making ours thicker. since , baldwin has been america's premier maker of hand-crafted hardware
__label__non_math	0.9999	balanchine then and now pacific northwest ballet by dean speer we are so fortunate to have in our very midst someone who worked closely and personally with the great george balanchine during his lifetime...and while he was in the midst of a golden era of creativity francia russell. russell, who along with her husband, kent stowell, co-directed pacific northwest ballet until their retirement from that busy and demanding life a few years ago. both stay active in the ballet, particularly russell who is kept busy by the balanchine trust staging his ballets for companies globally. russell is a adroit speaker and savvy observer who is very quick on her feet and who appears to enjoy publically presenting her considerable professional and personal knowledge and stories. paired with pnb artistic director, peter boal, the two contrasted and compared differences in mr. balanchine s ballets and explored with us why and how many of these changes came about, using archival footage and company dancers. a good example was the male melancholic solo from the four temperaments where they first had benjamin griffiths show the original version and then matthew renko who demonstrated a later version. then, and this was most interesting they danced simultaneously, we could easily see what these difference might be. i found myself preferring the older version it actually seemed more contemporary and unusual to me. arms across the body as opposed to more open. the later version impressed me as being more rounded, less edgy, yet still dramatic. we were then treated to a film clip of russell as one of the three muses in apollo with the legendary jacques d amboise as the title character. she commented that this was a ballet that she always enjoyed performing from beginning as an attendant in the birth scene to being a muse. herself at the creation and as a part of it, russell told us of her inclusion in the iconic agon and how, first as a member of the corps and then later as a soloist, she was able to learn and perform many of the parts. maria chapman and lesley rausch performed a duet, and as earlier with the men, did it one time through from the russell era and one time through as now done by the new york city ballet. insider information included how one female dancer, due to both preference apparently did not like to make leaps -- and a foot problem how humanely balanchine would customize certain sequences or individual steps to accommodate such things, or how he might change something if he felt there were artistic reasons. griffiths next did the male solo from square dance which is a later addition done for bart cook who taught it to boal, who has since passed it along himself. it s a very introspective dance. probably the biggest difference from the original of the ballet is that a square dance caller was used which some companies sometimes still use today. tchaikovsky pas de deux is a dance that balanchine made in for violette verdy and d amboise and has been a popular dance to do and to view ever since. the film clip shown was a clever montage of the coda with various casts over the years, from the original to fairly contemporary, including peter martins and baryshnikov. very charming. we couldn t get enough and the hour and-a-half spent enjoying this demonstration in pnb s made-to-order ballet studios absolutely flew by, concluding with russell summarizing what she felt where some of her mentor s qualities and attributes how he liked to work hard yet enjoy himself and life outside of ballet, talking about people and politics and how she fully credits him with bringing her back into the ballet through his strong suggestion that she teach, learn his ballets and stage them and be a ballet mistress at nycb. her talk of her early days of teaching, his observing her do this and his invaluable feedback, allowed us to feel like we were there and, importantly gave us insight into the staging and preservation of balanchine s art.
__label__non_math	1.0000	ballistic publishing announces - massive black vol adelaide, south australia 30th, october most of us only get to eat coco pops while watching transformers, but massive black created art for them both ballistic publishing announces - expos adelaide, south australia 25th july ballistic publishing is proud to announce that expos is now available to pre-order from ballisticpublishing.com. for the last decade, ballistic has released this must-have, digital art annual. the latest instalment of the finest digital art in the known universe brings together a record number of inspiring works from not only the giants of the entertainment industry, but also many rising stars. ballistic publishing announces - the art of gears of war adelaide, south australia may, the art of gears of war takes you behind the scenes of one of epic games biggest releases. it features character, environment, monster, weapons, and vehicle concept art and production art in comprehensive galleries. the book shows some of the unseen art that makes gears of war one of history s most anticipated games. ballistic publishing announces - d'artiste fashion design adelaide, south australia december, ballistic has broken new ground with an inspirational master class book that explores the convergence of fashion design with the world of digital art and character design. d artiste fashion design combines timeless techniques with the latest technology, and will teach you how to bring your digital creations to the next level.
__label__non_math	0.9999	america's best accent foliage coined as the best christmas tree species in america, our impressive bh fraser fir garners its identity and inspiration from this most famous fir. by creating a striking replica of this christmas tree greenery, balsam hill brings a little southern hospitality right into your own home. the fraser fir, which naturally thrives in the frosty weather and the heavy snowfall of tennessee and north carolina, can now make a home for itself in the shape of a garland or wreath creating a picture perfect holiday landscape to welcome your family and friends. conjuring up images of white snow falling in the southern appalachian mountains, the easeful look of our fraser fir foliage, along with its vibrant green color and silver sheen, will lend intimate warmth to your home interior. our fraser fir is the finest traditional christmas foliage around with the perfect combination of our signature true needle and classic needle tips. if you are looking for christmas accent pieces with a touch of southern charm to remind you of those peaceful moments in the countryside by the fire, look no further. as shown in our photos, the coloring of our balsam hill fraser fir foliage is a complex but warm two-toned mixture of green with a hint of silver. our fraser fir clear prelit wreaths come in a variety of sizes to suite your needs: ", ", ", " and " all of which work well with our matching fraser fir ' prelit or unlit garland. with the needles of our beloved fir wreath mimicking the growth of fraser firs from the one and only great smoky mountain landscape, this christmas foliage is sure to bring the charm and ambiance of the southern mountain retreat into your very own abode.
__label__non_math	0.9997	this issue of baltimore outloud a milestone for us as we celebrate years of activist journalism in service to baltimore s sexual-minority communities. in our first issue on , founding publisher mike chase described the launch of the paper as time-consuming, nerve-wracking, and exciting the beginning of an adventure. it has indeed been all of these with ups, downs, triumphs and tragedies, successes to celebrate and obstacles to overcome. yet, despite the economic crisis of the last five years and the demise of much of the print media, here we are, ten years and counting the baltimore sun reporting that with same-sex marriage now available, maryland state employees in same-sex relationships have been notified that they won t be able to include domestic partners in their health insurance as of . with states, the district of columbia, and three native american tribes having legalized same-sex marriage, employers that have domestic-partner benefits are increasingly reexamining their policies in that area. on may -, , the maryland leather clubs welcomed the traveling carter johnson leather library collection to the gay lesbian community center of baltimore. this exhibit includes leather, fetish, s m and alternative sexuality books, periodicals, posters, art, and ephemera dating back to the 1700s, and has been collected by librarian vi johnson. this event marks the first time the library has had a major exhibition in baltimore. an estimated 300 people came to the glccb to see the work, some coming from as far as denver and san francisco. reaching out to the gay and lesbian community? advertise in baltimore outloud with pride we are an award winning independant free news publication published every-other friday, distributed free in maryland surrounding baltimore, parts of southern pa, and rehoboth beach, de. contact us at firstname.lastname
__label__non_math	0.9997	health and planning officials said friday that they will use a citywide rezoning effort to force some stores that don't conform to current law to move, shut or change their offerings. barbot said city officials decided to take the action after hearing from community groups looking for ways to improve neighborhood health. they also collected evidence from johns hopkins university researchers that the stores appear statistically related to crime. with the mayor's blessing, city officials said they decided to target 128 stores on a list of "non-conforming" liquor stores because their locations are nestled among homes. the stores could not get a license to sell alcohol today but were grandfathered during the last comprehensive city zoning effort in the 1970s. in most cases the stores would have to stop selling alcohol within two years of the plan's passage by city council a timeline already rejected as unfair by a representative of the merchants. there will likely be a year's worth of reviews and public hearings before passage of the new zoning package that updates all land uses in baltimore. under the plan, about non-conforming liquor stores would be rezoned as appropriate uses, meaning they could keep selling alcohol. the goal of the liquor store rezoning is to reduce the density of outlets selling alcohol, officials said. they note baltimore's population has dropped by almost a third in the last years but the number of outlets has remained constant. no more licenses are being issued in the city; new operators must buy an existing license. and there are no shortages of those, said tomas j. stosur, planning director. in all, there are ,330 liquor licenses in baltimore, he said. liquor stores hold about 300, restaurants hold about 400 and taverns have more than 600. as part of the rezoning effort, officials also plan to crack down on taverns that sell more carry-out alcohol than is consumed inside, a violation of state law. stosur said using the zoning law was an appropriate, and legal, method to tackle some of the city's ills because such law exists to protect residents' health and safety. "there was no timeline given when they were grandfathered, but it's been over years," he said. "i don't think anyone expected at the time they'd still be here." stosur said the city plans to help the store owners find proper new locations, sell their licenses or retool their business. mostly, they hope the stores will stay open in their communities and sell other, healthier items. the health department also is working to reduce so-called food deserts, communities without reasonable access to produce and other fresh food items. about percent of the city's liquor stores are owned by korean americans, and a legal representative for them says two years is not enough time to force the stores to move, shut or change operations. "it's unprecedented," said bryan everett, the legal adviser to the korean-american grocers licensed beverage association of maryland. "these are hard-working, honest people who've invested their life savings in their businesses. what this bill does is take that investment away from them without any compensation." if the time period were significantly longer or there was other compensation, everett said, the merchants group may be willing to go along with the rezoning. but the current proposal will cause their businesses to lose too much value, he said, adding: "'it's probably not legal. it's not reasonable." everett said he hopes the merchants can reach a compromise with the city. city officials say they've already invited the business owners to meet and discuss the proposal, but acknowledged that some merchants would not be pleased. still they insisted the move was in the public good. they pointed to hopkins research that showed the liquor stores appear to be contributing to violent crime in the city. in and , hopkins researchers found, the median number of violent crimes in neighborhoods with non-conforming liquor stores was .within the immediate vicinity of the store, compared with in an area of demographically similar neighborhoods without such liquor stores. the crimes included murders, rapes and aggravated assaults. almost three-quarters of the neighborhoods with a high number of non-conforming liquor stores were poor areas, with more than a fifth of people living below the federal poverty line. no one had to tell mark washington the stores can cause trouble. there are six within three blocks in northeast baltimore's coldstream-homestead-montebello neighborhood, if you count taverns operating as stores, said washington, executive director of the area community corporation. he said there is trash, loitering, addiction and violence in the neighborhood that he believes is fueled by the availability of alcohol. he's complained frequently to city and liquor board officials and said he's succeeded in shuttering one store. washington believes at least three remaining stores are in violation of zoning law because of their location or because they're taverns operating as stores. at one location, he said, a merchant that sells fresh produce wants to open but the shop owner wants to sell his license to another liquor store. "it's frustrating," he said. "this action by the city on zoning is very much needed. it's more tools in the tool box."
__label__non_math	0.9998	whose traffic camera system is bigger? d.c. or baltimore's? in the baltimore sun's speed camera investigation published sunday, xerox state local solutions, baltimore's speed camera vendor, called the city's automated traffic enforcement system the largest in north america. that figure included both red light and speed cameras. the next morning, the mayor's office challenged that claim and sent out a news release comparing baltimore's cameras with the district's. it did not send the release to the sun reporters who had authored the article. "baltimore city s automated traffic enforcement efforts, including speed camera and red-light cameras generated .million, even as the district s land area is a smaller," the release stated. "despite being characterized as 'north america's largest' automated camera enforcement program by the baltimore sun, baltimore s program, in fact, generates less than a third of the revenue as the washington, d.c. program. baltimore has fixed speed cameras compared to nearly 130 in washington." but the release turned out to be incorrect about the number of cameras in d.c. d.c.'s website lists 129 locations where the city can place cameras, but only of those actually have speed cameras operating at a given time, data show. baltimore has 168 such locations listed on its site and operates at a given time.if red light cameras are included in the total, d.c. has traffic enforcement cameras, compared with 164 for baltimore. "currently, there are red-light enforcement cameras in the city," metropolitan police department spokeswoman gwendolyn crump wrote in an email to the sun. "there are fixed or portable and mobile speed enforcement cameras." ryan o'doherty, spokesman for baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake, said the city's release was designed to give "context" to the sun's reporting, which he said made no mention of washington's system. he acknowledged that d.c. does, indeed, have fewer cameras, but that they generate much more revenue than baltimore's do. earlier this month, xerox, the city's vendor, wrote in a letter to city hall that baltimore has the "single largest combined red light and speed camera program operating in north america."
__label__non_math	1.0000	james f. barlow, a retired masonry contractor who drove a weapon carrier at omaha beach during the world war ii allied invasion, died sept. at st. agnes medical center after suffering a fractured hip at his academy heights home. he was . mr. barlow was co-grand marshal of this year's catonsville july 4th parade and was the commander of two veterans posts. he also led the parade in for the 50th anniversary of d-day. born in baltimore and raised near union square, he attended holy martyrs school and was a graduate of st. martin's high school, where he was the center on the school's basketball team. he, and his four brothers, enlisted in military service during world war ii. he joined the army and was placed in a transportation unit. as the allies planned to invade france in , he was told to drive a motorized vehicle that carried a large gun. in , he was named maryland's catholic war veteran of the year and recorded his memories of that experience of landing off the northern coast of france. he said that "feet of water looked like miles." he wrote that "as my truck hit the waters of omaha beach on d-day, water flooded in. my ankles, my knees, the whole front of the truck, my backside was getting wet. where is the bottom? please, lord, let this truck touch bottom he said his crew of four jumped out and pulled the anti-aircraft gun off the truck's back. "we dug in," he said. "and we made it." mr. barlow drove supply and armed vehicles through france and belgium and was part of what became known as the red ball express, a motorized convoy. in the harsh winter of , he drove supplies in the battle of the bulge. "at bastogne, he was part of the unit that helped break the german encirclement," said herbert markowski, a friend who lives in ellicott city. "he fought all the way through europe until the german surrender." after the war, he returned to baltimore. at a victory block party, he met his future wife, marie crofoot. he remained active in veterans affairs and became commander of the veterans of foreign wars spirit of america post in catonsville and the hugh monaghan catholic war veterans post in pikesville. he was a charter member of the national world war ii memorial in new orleans. mr. barlow returned to the battlefields on three occasions. the belgian government flew him back in as part of a commemoration of the battle of the bulge. "he became emotional there when the belgian children came up and thanked him," said robert gollery, a friend who lives in catonsville manor. friends said that mr. barlow used the gi bill to learn bricklaying and general masonry. he had his own business and worked until he was . he made a specialty of fireplaces and chimneys and worked throughout catonsville and oella, among other neighborhoods. "he was a superb brick mason," said wayne mcdowell, a catonsville contractor. "he was also a perfectionist. he could go in and undo the mistakes others had made. he was also quite a father figure and mentor to the younger workers." mr. mcdowell said that mr. barlow climbed scaffolding and worked on chimneys until he was in his mid-80s. "he loved opera and theater and carried a boom box with him," said mr. mcdowell. in , mr. barlow restored the granite walls of the grimm home on frederick road in catonsville, a commercial building now known as the ship's cafe. "he was strong as a bull," said jim andrews, who owns and operates the restaurant with his wife, sharon. "masonry is an art and he was one of the best." mr. barlow did ,400 hours of volunteer service at st. agnes hospital. he was also a lector and parish council member at st. william of york roman catholic church. "i called him the mayor of catonsville because the only catonsville neighbor he didn't do some favor for is the one he never met," said a friend, tim mccarthy. mr. barlow was a university of maryland basketball fan. he played golf frequently and was an enthusiastic fan of the old baltimore colts. family members said he later became a ravens fan. a mass of christian burial will be held at p.m. thursday at st. joseph's monastery roman catholic church, old frederick road in irvington. survivors include a daughter, phyllisann godfrey of new gretna, pa.; a granddaughter; and a great-granddaughter. his wife of years died in .
__label__non_math	1.0000	in resident evil, a deadly virus has caused the dead to rise and infect any living thing they encounter the resident evil dbg brings the story to life in a game of strategy where players construct their cards decks while they play. choose to play as one of your favorite characters from resident evil and start with only the most basic of items and weapons. as the game progresses, players build their arsenal with additional weapons, ammunition, action or item cards to customize their deck and improve their ability in defeating the infected resident evil dbg: outbreak is an expansion set that can only be played with either the first resident evil dbg or resident evil: alliance. the new outbreak mode, puts the players in danger of turning into the infected themselves. new characters such as kevin, ryman, david king and mark wilkins will help you while you re alive. however, life doesn t end as an infected as you can rise from the dead and attack your fellow players as new infected characters and infection cards - exclusive resident evil dbg storage box - damage counters and card dividers - game manual and 150 cards - demographics: based on a rated m for mature video game - suggested retail price .
__label__non_math	1.0000	lets discuss group a grade a base price mahmudullah riyad, abdur razzak, nasir hossain, junaed siddiqui, imrul kayes, mashrafi bin mortaza. mahmudullah : my prediction will be sold to chittagong for mashrafee: will be sold for to sylhet abdur razzak: will be sold to dhaka for nasir hossain: will be the first to hit the ton to rajshahi junaid siddiqui and imrul will struggle beyond the base price of they will go to barisal and khulna respectably.
__label__non_math	0.9714	try our premium membership for -days free to view owner contact information and get complete access to foreclosure data on realtytrac. save your personal notes about this property after saving your notes, you may edit and change your notes again. you can also view your saved notes on my bank homes. estimated cost to restore estimated cost to restore is an estimate of what the cost to restore would be for a property in the corresponding condition. all conditions are displayed with a "premium" or higher membership. cost to restore faqs cost to restore: - property appears to be free of any blemishes - walls and ceilings clean - appliances are in good working condition - floors, cabinets and countertops look good - exterior clean of any debris and landscaping is maintained - paint, roof and siding in need of no repairs - light cleaning required with very minor repairs - property well maintained with minor blemishes - interior may need some paint - appliances in good working condition - cabinets look good but may need minor adjustments or some hardware replaced - flooring may need cleaning - plumbing may need new seals and minor repairs - exterior may need light cleaning, painting and upkeep of yard - windows and doors in good working condition but may need screens and minor repairs to gutters and downspouts - may have minor water damage - some flooring may need to be replaced - some patching of walls and paint required - appliances working but need to be cleaned - some debris and general clean-up needed. - minor roof repairs may be required - landscaping required to manage overgrown lawn and shrubs - some plumbing fixtures, valves and supply lines may need replacing - cabinets and countertops may need some repairs and replacing of hardware - property looks neglected - may have water damage and minor cracks in foundation - doors and windows need adjusting - paint required throughout interior - carpets need replacing - some appliances need replacing or repairs - cabinets and countertops need some degree of repairs or replacement - hauling of debris and landscape maintenance required - garage doors and water heaters may need replacing - plumbing and electrical issues may exist with replacement of outdated and damaged parts - may have structural issues - major cleaning and debris removal required - flooring needs replacing - drywall repairs and painting throughout needed - some or all appliances need replacing - cabinets and countertops in need of major repairs or replacement - plumbing fixtures, valves, hardware may need replacing - tub and showers may need reglazing or replacement along with tub and shower enclosures - electrical issues may exist for repairs or replacement to meet local building codes - exterior may need roof repairs and may need to be fumigated please note these are general guidelines and when dealing with very poor condition a professional estimate is highly recommended. the estimated cost to restore value is based on various proprietary mathematical formulas and techniques. this report does not represent a physical inspection of the property nor does it constitute an official repair cost of the structure. this report does not account for considerations such as complexity of structure, inaccurate data, obsolescence or unknown improvements of detriments to the property. the information in this report is provided "as is" and all uses are at the user's sole risk. please note: the property analyzer tool will no longer be available on realtytrac as of . if you have saved scenarios that you would like to keep, click the view spreadsheet button below and follow the instructions to copy and paste your scenario into an excel spreadsheet. assessed total: the total value of both land and improvements attachments to the land such as buildings as calculated by the county tax assessor s office on a given day. please contact the county assessor s office for information on how assessments are calculated in that particular county. auction date: the tentative public auction date recorded on the notice of foreclosure sale nts . the public auction cannot occur before this date, but the auction can be canceled or postponed to a later date without a new notice being recorded. even if this date has passed, you should call the trustee listed on realtytrac, or the county sheriff s office, to find out the current status of the public auction. postponement reason: reason provided by the trustee for the auction postponement. auction location: address of the place where the public auction will occur. balance: the unpaid portion of the defaulted loan that the homeowner in default owes to the foreclosing lender. if the property is scheduled for public auction, the opening bid is often based on this amount plus foreclosure-related fees and costs. case number: the number a court assigns to a specific judicial action. condition: the current physical state of a property. default amount: total amount of payments in arrears, or delinquent on a loan. document number: a number assigned to the document filed with the county recorder s office from which property information originates. entered on: date when realtytrac received and posted the information. improvements: last assessed value of any improvements like buildings and swimming pools attached to the land as calculated by the county assessor s office. interest rate: the rate a lender charges for borrowed money. judgment amount: in judicial foreclosure proceedings, the dollar amount the court determines that the defendant homeowner in default owes to the plaintiff foreclosing lender . this is the amount needed to satisfy the foreclosing lender and will often be the opening bid if the property is scheduled for public auction. land total: last assessed value of the land itself without attachments as calculated by the county assessor s office. last payment: the last date the homeowner made a payment on the loan in default. legal description: the description of the property s location used in recorded documents in reference to the property. lender: the original source of a loan to a borrower and the entity that initiates the foreclosure proceedings. also referred to as a "beneficiary." loan amount: the original amount of the loan. loan date: the date the loan was issued. loan document number: the number assigned by the county recorder s office to the loan document mortgage or deed of trust . lot number: determined by the surveyors when the neighborhood was originally built, the number is included on the county assessor s map of the neighborhood where the property is located. maturity: the date a loan becomes due and interest payments cease. the borrower must pay back the principal borrowed by the maturity date. opening bid: amount set for a starting bid on the purchase of the property at the trustee's sale auction . usually based on the remaining loan balance still owed to the lender. in some states the trustee is allowed to include fees and costs associated with preparing for auction in the opening bid. parcel number: also known as assessor's parcel number apn , it is a unique number assigned by a taxing authority i.e., a county that identifies the location of a property. payment: the recurring amount a borrower must pay to the lender. the payment typically includes principal and interest based upon the amortization schedule. often, the payment also includes money placed in a trust account with the escrow company to cover a borrower s property taxes and insurance. property id: the reference number unique to realtytrac to locate listings in our database. recording date: date the foreclosure document notice of default, notice of sale or loan document mortgage, deed of trust, etc. was filed with the county recorder s office. recorded date: date the foreclosure document notice of default, notice of sale or loan document mortgage, deed of trust, etc. was filed with the county recorder s office. square feet: total area in square feet of the building improvements on the land. status: designation of the stage of foreclosure pre-foreclosure, auction, bank-owned based on the foreclosure document filed nod, lis, nts, nfs or reo . foreclosure cancelled: this property has been removed from the foreclosure process due to a variety of reasons and will no longer be subject to foreclosure proceedings unless the owner defaults again. not in foreclosure: this property has been removed from the foreclosure process due to a variety of reasons and will no longer be subject to foreclosure proceedings unless the owner defaults again. foreclosure proceedings on hold: the foreclosure proceedings have been halted for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to loan modification, bankruptcy. transfer date: last date the property transferred ownership. transfer value: the amount paid for the property the last time it transferred ownership. trustee: a party who holds a property s title for the benefit of others. for foreclosure, the trustee often holds title for the benefit of both the trustor borrower and beneficiary lender . usually the trustee files the foreclosure paperwork and oversees any public auction. trustee reference : number assigned to a property by the trustee. used by trustee to track status of foreclosure and auction proceedings. referee: in some states, a party appointed to perform certain functions relating to the public auction of the property. usually these functions include calculating the amount of the opening bid and directing the public auction of the property. volume page number: the number that references the location of a document in public records. sale price type: describes how the sale price was derived. 1st loan amount: the amount of the loan borrowed to pay for most of the purchase price of the property. the first loan also known as the senior loan is in the first position, meaning all other loans are subordinate to it. 2nd loan amount: usually a loan for the remainder of the purchase price on a property after the down payment has been made and the first loan has been approved. the second loan sometimes known as a second trust deed is second in line to the senior loan and therefore called a junior loan. amount: the dollar amount of the lien. borrower s name: name of the individual s or entity ies who were approved for a loan, using the property as security. buyer name: name of individual s or entity ies who bought the property. creditor name: of the agency or lender that is owed the debt. debtor type: identifies party responsible for debt. document type: describes the type of document from which property information originates. document types on realtytrac range from grant deeds, which transfer ownership of a property, to notice of sales, which schedule a public foreclosure auction of the property. filing number: taxing agency s identifying number of record. lender name: name of the individual s or entity ies who loaned the money to the owner of the property. lender: the original source of a loan to a borrower, and the entity that initiates the foreclosure proceedings. legally referred to as a beneficiary in foreclosure proceedings. loan due date: date the last payment on the loan is due. noteholder: original borrower homeowner who is in foreclosure may also be referred to as the trustor by the trustee . price: the amount paid by the buyer to purchase the property. record type: defines the type of tax lien often federal or state . seller name: name of the individual s or entity ies that sold the property. type of sale: describes the nature of the sale in question. the most important distinction here is whether it was a typical purchase agreement between the seller and buyer where the purchase price would be close to full market value, or a special purchase agreement that may have caused the purchase price to be different than market value such as a foreclosure sale . recording date: the date the foreclosure proceedings first began. estimated market value also known as fair market value : the estimated amount the home would sell for on the market based on comparable sales and other factors. market value range: a range of estimated property values based on the actual sales prices of recently sold properties in the neighborhood. loan-to-value ltv : the total value of open loans as a percentage of the estimated market value; or estimated total loan amount divided by estimated value. if ltv is above 100 percent, it indicates the estimated total loan amount exceeds the estimated value. total loan amount: the total of all the original loan amounts for all open loans known to exist on the property. if only one open loan exists, the total loan amount would be the original loan amount for that one loan. equity amount: remaining property value after subtracting total value of open loans. it is calculated by subtracting total loan amount from estimated value. equity as percent of market value: equity amount expressed as a percent of market value. calculation is equity amount divided by market value. loan position: the position of the loan relative to the other known open loans. loan position defines the order the lenders will be able to collect on any debt secured by the property. originator: the lender that originally issued the loan to the borrower. this is not necessarily the current lender as loans frequently change hands. original loan amount: the loan amount when the loan was first issued. double click a point on the map zoom in and re-center map on hold down left mouse button and drag mouse moves the map in the direction you drag the mouse hold down alt and double-click zooms out one level click on a property flag on displays an enhanced preview click re-center map re-center map on your most recent search click view details takes you to the details page of the subject property check and uncheck property types displays and removes property flags from the map estimated market value also known as fair market value : the value the home could sell for on the market based on comparable sales and other factors. value minus est. current loans loan-to-value ltv est. current loans divided by est. value auction date: the date set by the trustee to sell the foreclosed property at a public auction. just because an auction date is posted on realtytrac does not mean that the property will be sold on that date. the trustee may postpone the sale from the original date without filing a new public notice. thus we advise you to call the trustee to verify the auction's status ahead of time. bid increment: the minimum dollar amount you can bid above the current bid. reserve: the lowest amount a seller is willing to sell at. the reserve amount is not disclosed on the details page; however, buyers can see if the auction has a reserve and when the reserve has been met. if there is no reserve set by the seller, then no reserve will be indicated on the details page. if a reserve is set and the reserve is not met at the end of the auction, the seller is not obligated to the sell the property to the winning bidder. however, the winning bidder and seller may enter into post auction negotiations to settle on a sale price. deposit required: the amount of money a bidder is required to deposit prior to placing a bid. extension period: the amount of time the auction s close time is extended when there is active bidding. the auction is automatically extended when a bid is placed within the last few minutes of an auction and will remain open until an entire extension period has passed without any bidding. buyer's fee: the fee a winning bidder will pay to cover the costs of the auction. the fee is added to the winning bid amount and is included in the total purchase price paid by the buyer to the seller. how do you measure popularity? we measure popularity by how many people viewed a property relative to other properties in the area within the last days. a property with a five bar rating ranks among the most viewed in the area, while a property with a one bar rating ranks as the least viewed. popularity is only determined by number of views. it is not a measure of value. the notes you add to this property will be saved on this details page and in my realtytrac. only you can view the notes you save.. borrower has petitioned for bankruptcy protection. get complete resale listing info and see this property's realtydeal rating the "for sale" icon indicates that the foreclosure property is known to be listed for sale. is based on analysis of property sales history, area historical sales, and current resale list information. the more stars the better the deal. please view our faqs for further explanation. the "for sale" icon indicates that the foreclosure property is known to be listed for sale.
__label__non_math	0.9999	intuit is giving attendees at this week s google i o conference a taste of the future and that future involves making payments by simply bumping two smartphones together. intuit s payment solutions division has developed a concept demo that reimagines its gopayment mobile credit card processing application using near field communications, or nfc. the company is showcasing the demo at the google i o developer conference in san francisco today and tomorrow. with gopayment we are exploring every avenue for innovation that best meets our customers needs, and this includes technologies such as nfc that are still in the early stages of adoption, said chris hylen, vice president and general manager of intuit s payment solutions division. innovation is happening rapidly in the mobile payment space, and we want to be ready to help the millions of small businesses and consumers we serve benefit from the latest technology. built on google s android mobile platform and using nfc technology with nexus s by google, intuit has transformed its existing gopayment mobile credit card processing application into one that transfers credit card data via radio waves, eliminating the need for the actual card or any add-on card reader hardware. using emerging mobile technology such as nfc, small businesses and their customers may one day be able to conduct daily tasks on their mobile devices including paying and getting paid faster, easier and more securely. all they will need is their mobile device and nothing else. check out this video to see it in action: about john parkin
__label__non_math	0.9965	checking account cross keys bank high-yield checking cross keys bank note: ach, short for "automatic clearinghouse," is the system used by u.s. banks to process a wide range of financial transactions, including automatic bill payment and direct deposit. bankrate.com surveyed 158 banks, thrifts and credit unions from april to april and has displayed data on high-yield checking accounts offered by those institutions.
__label__non_math	0.9999	state news roundup get the latest intel on washington's fiscal woes.close in new jersey, hundreds of lawyers and other professionals are signed up to receive public pension benefits despite a law passed five years ago requiring municipalities to cut them from the pension system. the improper enrollments could eventually cost the state .million annually, according to state comptroller matthew boxer s report. he said local governments across the state have not done nearly enough to ensure that only eligible employees receive pension benefits. in stockton, california, citizens are suffering from overspending and mismanagement of funds by city leaders. as a result, stockton cannot pay million building to upgrade the city hall as well as city-owned parking garages have all been repossessed. and crime has skyrocketed as a result of public service cuts amounting to a reduction in police offers, reduction in the fire department, and over of all other city employees. a stockton citizen said of the decreased police force, they used to serve and protect, but now they can t protect us anymore we have to protect ourselves. in kansas, lawmakers have turned the state into a national laboratory for the ryan budget plan. kansas has cut taxes without specifying many spending cuts. reuters reports, this is similar to the ryan plan which maintains that cutting taxes and broadening the tax base is pro-growth reform that will promote innovation and sustained job creation in the private sector . while proponents of the plan are eager to see how the tax cuts spur the economy, critics are pushing for more spending cuts to get the state s fiscal house in order.
__label__non_math	0.9977	despite the exploding growth of mobile banking among consumers, mobile banking for corporate customers has seen a more cautious adoption. while most, if not all, corporate treasurers use their own personal mobile devices, incorporating that same functionality for use in their work lives has proven a bit difficult. i recently spoke with patricia mcginnis, director of the commercial and enterprise payments solution at mercator advisory group, who authored a report on this very topic, and discussed the ways in which mobile banking is catching on slowly among corporate customers. according to mcginnis, corporate mobile banking faces a two-fold challenge: on the one hand, corporate it departments are still figuring out byod policies and how to best secure mobile devices that are used for company purposes. while many corporate treasurers can do things like receive alerts and approve payments on a mobile device, functions like performing administrative duties and initiating payments are still being debated. secondly, says mcginnis, banks are still facing challenges in figuring out how to best serve corporate customers in this way while maintaining strict security. "the company is leery of breaches that can occur via a mobile device, and the bank doesn't necessarily want unlimited access to corporate accounts on mobile devices," she says. this is especially true since cyber criminals are increasingly targeting corporate accounts, and banks fear ultimately being held responsible for breaches, she notes. "i would say everybody is moving a little more cautiously in the corporate than in the consumer space because there is larger amounts of money moving, and the technology is evolving so fast," mcginnis says. for more on the current state and future of corporate mobile banking, be sure to check out the cover story in our upcoming february digital issue.
__label__non_math	0.9996	those who use mobile banking are among the most loyal and profitable bank customers, according to ginger schmneltzer, svp of digital channel management for suntrust bank. schmeltzer, speaking during a session at the payments industry conference organized by nacha - the electronic payments association, said suntrust's mobile bankers are percent more profitable than those who don't use the channel and tend to be more loyal. additionally, schmeltzer noted they are more active checking account users, and more frequent users of atms, call centers and branches. "generally, they are much more active clients," she said. schmeltzer was joined by fiserv vp of online banking consumer insights geoffrey knapp for the session, titled "how the mobile channel is redefining banking." both knapp and schmeltzer noted that consumers are becoming more inclined to use the mobile channel for financial services, and not just for basic functions like checking balances, but also for more advanced transactions such as mobile payments. "consumers are becoming more comfortable transacting in the mobile channel," said knapp. knapp believed this is due to the level which the mobile channel has permeated the lives of consumers. as an example. he noted the various apps he could download via his television set. he added, perhaps only half-jokingly, that "it won't be long before refrigerators and washing machines" are connected to mobile devices. schmeltzer said given that mobile users at suntrust often use other channels to interact with the bank, channel integration is key. she said as mobile banking continues to rise in popularity, financial institutions will have to focus on making the customer transition from mobile to branch to call center and elsewhere as seamless as possible, which can be a difficult proposition. the continued rise in popularity of the mobile channel for transactions and financial services also means increased competition for banks from nontraditional institutions, such as paypal, said knapp. in fact, he noted that the san francisco-based payments company has been "looking like a bank and acting like a bank for a long time now." schmeltzer noted that with mobile becoming such an integral part of many customer's interactions with their financial institution, banks must devote as much time and money to that channel as traditional ones. in fact, she said at this point banks shouldn't refer to mobile and online as "alternative channels" anymore. "that's a pet peeve of mine," she said.
__label__non_math	0.9973	for those who stayed fully employed during the economic downturn, the it job market looks downright rosy. "compensation for the people who survived will increase perhaps percent to percent over levels," predicts shawn banerji, an executive recruiter with russell reynolds associates in new york. "for technology and operations executives who are still in the saddle working, their total compensation is maybe percent off what it was, but they'll be able to pick up that percent down the road." it professionals are able to play catch-up because many financial institutions have offered deferred compensation to soften the blow of recent pay and bonus cuts, keeping key people on board through what all involved hoped would be a short-lived downturn, according to banerji. nevertheless, deferred compensation also means that companies that want to poach top talent have to flash the cash. "we had companies recruiting in that thought they'd be able to secure a relative bargain," says banerji. "but for the people who have been continually working on wall street, you can't get them at syms or men's warehouse prices -- you still have to pay full-ticket madison avenue for these folks." on the other hand, out-of-work financial it professionals have been more likely to take any reasonable offer. "for the first time ever, there were quite qualified people who were out of work that we could tap into," relates banerji. "many of them were happy to be working again, and their expectations around compensation were dramatically different." according to informationweek analytics' annual it salary survey, which queried more than ,000 banking and securities it professionals, staff salaries in the banking and securities industries range from 100,000 for project leaders and systems architects. bonuses tend to rise in proportion with base salary -- not just in absolute terms but also as a percentage of total compensation. in fact, systems analysts earned a median ,000 salary, making this position one of the most bonus-dependent it staff jobs. the bonuses are bigger for it managers, ranging from percent of total compensation at the low end for supervisors ,000 total and managers 103,000 total up to percent for ctos 145,000 total and percent for cios 159,000 total , the study revealed. in banking and securities, bonuses are most commonly awarded for personal performance more than percent for both staff and management . about one-third of banking and securities industry respondents also are awarded bonuses through profit sharing. side-by-side with the business perhaps the biggest positive change about working in it at banks these days is that it's no longer considered a back-office sideshow. "from being an out-of-sight, out-of-mind cost center -- an enigmatic and perhaps necessary evil -- it has transcended into a critical business function," says banerji. "in many cases, you're seeing it side-by-side with the users." however, the informationweek analytics survey revealed that only percent of it staff and percent of it management currently maintain formal responsibilities outside of it, such as developing new financial products or managing budgets. for these cross-trained professionals, the most common responsibilities are in product development and finance. for it managers, "aligning business and technology goals" was rated the most critical skill percent , followed by "collaborating with internal stakeholders" percent . after that, it's "building vendor relationships" percent and "managing vendors" percent . these skills speak to the continued importance in the financial services industry of outsourcing and partnerships -- whether it's to a service bureau providing specialized services, or to a full-service it and business process outsourcing firm. while this global shift has increased the level of competition across many fields within it and bank operations, it has also led to new career opportunities for some.
__label__non_math	0.9966	for the past several years, bank it budgets generally remained flat. the financial crisis and ensuing fallout forced belt-tightening across the industry. in , however, bank it executives finally enjoyed some breathing room thanks to some revitalized spending power. and in , bank technology budgets should continue to increase, if ever so slightly. but with the economic recovery still on shaky legs, and with regulatory scrutiny more intense than ever, banks' it investments are likely to be focused largely on driving efficiencies and complying with new requirements. bank systems technology identifies the it trends and hot technologies that will change the game in the year ahead. . convergence of mobile and online technologies mobile banking started as a novelty, something only techies and first adopters felt comfortable using. but as smartphones have skyrocketed in popularity over the past few years, mobile banking adoption has increased along with it. initially, many banks' mobile offerings consisted of their online banking model ported to an iphone or android device. as mobile has grown into a maturing channel, however, banks and their vendor partners have produced richer mobile offerings that take advantage of its unique capabilities. and the rise of the tablet gives financial institutions another unique interface through which to interact with consumers see no. . "mobile banking, when it first became a hot topic, was very much an offshoot of the online channel," says jacob jegher, senior analyst with boston-based celent. "now mobile is maturing to the point where it is its own unique beast." while banks are embracing the mobile channel -- and continuing to support the old standby of online banking -- they are not integrating the technologies used to build e-banking solutions, according to jegher. but that will begin to change in . "we'll see banks continue to develop solutions for these multiple channels but using a single set of technology to do so," he predicts. a cohesive set of technologies, jegher adds, will make mobile app and online development easier for banks to manage. jegher points to several high-profile acquisitions, such as brookfield, wis.-based core banking software provider fiserv's march acquisition of mobile banking and payments software provider mobile commerce m-com; atlanta , as signs that the industry is moving in this direction. "the reason behind these kinds of acquisitions is because vendors need these tech assets that will allow them to serve their customers," he explains. as banks continue to search for efficiencies and consolidate operations, the convergence of mobile and online technologies looks to be a prime opportunity to do so in . . the rise of business process management both to increase efficiency and ensure regulatory compliance, banks need better methods of gathering and reporting data. most banks struggle with multiple back-office systems and siloed information. to address these issues in earnest, there will be a large investment in new and improved business process management tools in the year ahead, experts say. especially as banks wrangle with how best to harness big data and the technical challenges of analyzing and reporting very large amounts of information with a quick turnaround, they will need to invest in bpm tools that facilitate integration, says david hamilton, president of the banking business at sungard new york . "many banks still wrestle with multiple back-office systems," he says. "they have to master customer data management, and i think there is a fairly considerable investment to be made in getting the basics right." in addition, integrated data systems will help with risk management, hamilton notes. "there's a need for good-quality risk data," he says. data integration also will help banks obtain a more accurate view of their customers, hamilton adds. marketers often talk about breaking through data silos to look at data holistically and gain a more complete view of consumers' habits, and now banks will look to do the same, he says. "these big trends, and the move for strategic cost reduction, map very clearly to bigger bpm investment," he insists. . goodbye email, hello message center the abandonment of email for anything sensitive already has begun, and the shift to total reliance on message centers -- dedicated web portals designed for secure communication between a bank and its customers -- looks to be here to stay. while organizations that have message centers today still use them inconsistently, says aaron higbee, cto of phishme, a chantilly, va.-based company that specializes in antiphishing training and education, they increasingly will become the norm for communicating with customers, rather than email. the move to message centers will be beneficial on several fronts, according to higbee. many organizations currently employ third-party and joint marketing campaigns that have made unified messaging difficult, he explains. they also continue to send emails with the actual messages in the body of the email or include cryptic links. these practices make it difficult for end users to differentiate between a legitimate email and a phishing email, so they will have to change, higbee contends. he adds that many bank employees believe only consumers are targeted by phishing scams; many are unaware that they themselves are targeted by attackers trying to compromise the organization, and they may be unprepared to recognize truly targeted phishing attacks from advanced attackers. this is in line with a november report issued by ernst young that found employees within organizations and businesses are increasingly the targets of hackers rather than individual consumers. . the 'tabletization' of banking and the user experience tablet banking is still a young channel, but it is rife with potential. as with initial mobile forays, it may take banks some period of trial and error to determine how to build the best banking experience for the tablet environment. but most experts agree that the potential for a great tablet banking user experience, especially with the rich interface tablets offer, is nearly unlimited. in fact, celent's jegher believes that as banks realize the opportunity that the tablet format offers, they will begin to redesign their online banking experience to be more like their tablet banking offerings. "the current state of tablet banking, being very immature, you usually take what you have online and just put it into the tablet banking app," he notes. "but what if you thought about it the other way around? the tablet offers the richest interface out there. what if online became influenced by tablet banking? the functionality of online banking is very mature, but the user experience is immature." customers now expect a customizable, personalized experience on their terms, jegher says. the "tabletization" of online banking and the advent of cutting-edge mobile technologies, such as mobile remote deposit capture, speak to the evolving bank user exeprience, he comments, adding, "this user experience trend is becoming more mainstream."
__label__non_math	1.0000	things that could affect your business it security in the next two hours click here to download now overview: discover the secrets over-priced security consultants don't want you to know. network security is not just about preventing a breach, it's about making every working day as productive as possible by preventing external threats. where should you start? download this security brief and netgear will show you the things to do to improve your security posture right now.
__label__non_math	0.9932	walks around upton snodsbury by hilary williams you can buy an information pack for only .when you arrive. written, researched and all photographs by hilary williams. there are some lovely walks through the countryside around upton snodsbury. walkers are often rewarded with expansive views alongside interesting evidence of ancient settlements, ridge and furrow, tracks, water mills, buzzards soaring, woodpeckers hammering and active badger setts. the parish, particularly bow wood, is home to several different species of deer. woodlands are a mass of colour in the spring; firstly primroses sprinkled over the ground which is then carpeted by bluebells, followed by orchids, wild garlic and many other wildflowers. later in the year the hedgerows are filled with colourful fruits and berries. all walks described here are circular, starting and finishing at upton snodsbury village hall. broughton hackett and froxmere a lovely walk alongside orchards with magnificent views of upton snodsbury church from broughton hackett; eith glimpses of the malvern and bredon hills from bow wood. it passes through the interesting hamlet of froxmere past the grade listed froxmere court, a jacobethan - style building with fantastic chimneys. this walk is particularly lovely in the autumn when bow wood turns in to a mass of reds, yellows and golds, although the short walk across the middle of the field near new hall farm can get muddy. a cold crisp winter day is also a good time to do this walk when the ground may be hard underfoot. wolverton hall white ladies aston this walk heads to peopleton then u a hill to wolverton hall, through the lovely villages of white ladies aston and churchill. there are some great views over a large area and upton snodsbury church can frequently be spotted on the horizon. a section of the walk goes through aston hall farm where a series of permissive footpaths have been established which could be used to make a really interesting alternative route to that described. this walk is lovely all year round but is particularly nice in the spring when many fields are full of young lambs and trees are coming in to leaf. hill court, huddington a great walk that heads up a hill to hill court, a gorgeous late c16 red brick timbered house with part of the moat in front of the garden. on a clear day the views from this hill are wonderful, across the valleys to the malvern hills, bredon hill and sometimes as far as the cotswold scarp with grafton and upton snodsbury churches standing out among the trees. the walk is always lovely but a crisp, cold clear winter's day is best when the views can be outstanding and the short section of the route that crosses a cereal field is frozen hard.
__label__non_math	1.0000	finally, sushi delivered no matter where you are. our premium sushi tastes just like your favorite local sushi bar. voted best sushi by chef s best , we ve provided our sushi to major universities and hospitals across the globe, and now we re excited to offer our sushi to everyone. perfect as a quick snack, a healthy lunch or at your next gathering, get banzai sushi delivered straight to your door i received my first order on friday and i love the sushi - emily c. i have been spreading the word about your website to sushi lovers. we are an hour and a half away from any sushi places and this definitely helps out my sushi cravings. - nicole k. all i can say is wow - christine p.
__label__math	0.9995	brand new book with sealed cd: ships f a s t : pub. date: january : jamsa's c c programmer's bible is the most complete reference available about the c c programming language. the book's companion cd-rom contains the source code for over seven hundred ready to run programs, formatted for multiple compilers. written by a programmer, for programmers this book is the most complete one-volume reference on c available. readers will learn to write programs that take advantage of windows and other -bit environments, examine c from the compiler's perspective, and use c to write programs that connect to the world wide web and the internet. the cd contains a fully functional compiler containing hundreds of ready-to-run programs with complete source code. ships from: phoenix, az usually ships in -business days - standard, states - standard ak, hi - express, states - express ak, hi
__label__non_math	0.9994	horse slaughter in illinois contact: graham ross in today's notes: although arlington park s grade iii stars and stripes handicap was moved from its traditional fourth of july weekend spot this season, there will still be plenty of american flags flying when chicago s classic turf marathon is contested for the 78th time on labor day monday over arlington s world famous turf course. fred bradley s brass hat, suddenly a solid turf horse as an -year-old, is expected to make his first appearance in chicago to run in the mile and a half grass race after a distinguished career mostly on the main track in earlier seasons. although he is an altered son of breeders cup turf hero prized, the top portion of brass hat s r sum is underlined by wins on the main track in the grade i donn handicap in south florida and the grade ii new orleans handicap in louisiana during the winter of . following those back-to-back wins, brass hat journeyed to the united arab emirates to finish second under the wire in the grade i dubai world cup, but was subsequently disqualified. however, in his most recent trip to the post aug. , brass hat rallied wide late to finish third in the grade i sword dancer invitational saratoga s traditional marathon turf test. in his previous start at monmouth july , the buff bradley trainee rallied on the inside late to finish third in the grade i united nations handicap over the grass course on the jersey shore. also expected for labor day s stars and stripes handicap is its defending champion silverfoot, a -year-old owned by chrysalis stables and trained by dallas stewart. about a month after winning the renewal, silverfoot finished fourth in the last season s grade i arlington million, and earlier this summer took down winning honors in arlington s ,100 the tin man stakes on june . another -year-old who captured the stars and stripes jim messineo s major rhythm is also expected to seek a second victory on labor day. major rhythm was most recently second by a neck in arlington s ,200 rossi gold stakes june . major rhythm, who finished ninth in the arlington million, breezed five furlongs over arlington s polytrack in .aug. . also expected to contest the stars and stripes is james glenn and william patterson s rumor has it, who beat major rhythm to win the rossi gold after capturing arlington s ,500 polar expedition stakes here at a mile and three-quarters on june . thomas fedro sr. and team block s free fighter, who breezed five furlongs in on aug. at arlington after winning his last start in an allowance race here aug. , is another probable starter in the stars and stripes, as is brenda jones, marmac farms and marc sharp s up to no good, who won his last start in the allowance ranks at presque isle downs on aug. . derby daze farm and mark hoffman s hooh why, heroine of keeneland s grade i ashland stakes april and woodbine s la lorgnette stakes may , is expected to make her first start on grass in arlington s grade iii pucker up stakes on labor day, the second of two monday racing programs at arlington this season. the pucker up stakes, restricted to sophomore members of the distaff set, is one of four grass stakes on the holiday program billed as arlington s turf showcase for the third successive local season. also slated for the pucker up is the british-bred filly hameildaeme, owned by newmarket thoroughbred racing, who finished fourth, while beaten a length and a half for the win, in the grade i del mar oaks aug. . the daughter of storming home first under the wire in the arlington million before being disqualified was previously beaten a length and a quarter for the win in del mar s grade ii san clemente handicap aug. . frank calabrese s romacaca, heroine of the ,800 hatoof stakes on arlington million day, is also expected to run in the pucker up, as is glen hill farm s prytania, fourth in the hatoof but gaining at that shorter distance. two bucks to show stable s cumulonimble, nelson mcmakin s hot cha cha and martin racing stable s malibu win are also expected to compete in the pucker up. jockey james graham, currently runner-up in the arlington jockey standings, rode three winners on saturday s arlington park program. graham began his riding triple in saturday s fourth with louie roussel iii s superior attitude, continued it in the sixth astride passion tamer, owned by bryton racing llc, and concluded it aboard midwest thoroughbreds cure in the finale. - end - news updates
__label__non_math	0.9904	is there ever anyone in the grandstand ? no will the heat be on in the grandstand ? no are the lights on in the grandstand ? no the once mighty m club, you are absolutely correct about the horrible conditions at monticello....and thats coming from me, who loves going to tracks to see live racing. rarely do i go to a track i dont like since i love racing that much. the place is a complete disgrace. i was dressed in a suit tie last time i was there and i got up to make a bet. a 3inch nail was sticking out of side of table and ripped my suit. lucky it didnt castrate me from the position where it ripped my suit. i got a tetanus shot a day later, however, i think you need vaccinations after you leave that place anyway, even if all goes normal.
__label__non_math	1.0000	learn the basic skills necessary for competitive play in our racquetball classes and gain a deeper understanding of what makes racquetball one of the most exciting and competitive sports. our racquetball classes feature intensive hands-on practice with very limited class size to allow one-on-one attention and coaching. you ll improve your game while enjoying a great and fun workout baruch s athletics and recreation complex arc houses three separate racquetball courts.all of the baruch continuing and professional studies caps fitness programs feature classes led by seasoned professionals who will help you meet your personal fitness goals. classes are moderately priced and have a flexible daytime and evening schedule designed to meet your needs.
__label__non_math	0.9883	advertising division series legendary lists web hosting by hosting less.
__label__non_math	1.0000	we performed a site update on . please let the admin know if you usertalk:admin april16.2c2013 encounter any issues. all updates have been performed. from br bullpen championships, events, culture, births, and deaths that occurred in . club competitions amateur club north america - further information: births in
__label__non_math	0.9942	a few things that jumped out to me while looking over the ncaa tournament brackets: probable marquee mound showdowns: . connecticut's matt barnes vs. coastal carolina's anthony meo: a tantalizing battle of two first-rounders-to-be, both from lower new england. . texas state's carson smith vs. kent state's andrew chafin: a pair of tenacious power arms with checkered medical histories go at it. . creighton's jonas dufek vs. georgia's michael palazzone: feel for pitching galore in this corvallis regional matchup . maine's jeff gibbs vs. north carolina's patrick johnson: upset special? gibbs can run his fastball up to mph, and he beat north carolina in chapel hill in his second career start last february. the fearless johnson is the consummate winner he's - . . arkansas' d.j. baxendale vs. charlotte's andrew smith: great matchup between competitive strike-throwers the well-known baxendale, already named to usa baseball's college national roster for , and the a-pitcher of the year in smith. most intriguing potential super regional pairings . clemson at south carolina: the gamecocks have clemson's number in omaha, but the two bitter rivals have never met in a super regional, where the intensity would be magnified even more in an on-campus setting. . ucla at virginia: potentially the top three pitchers in the draft all in one spot ucla's gerrit cole and trevor bauer, virginia's danny hultzen . . arizona state at texas: two traditional powers, who last met in a memorable omaha game in , when the longhorns stormed back to beat mike leake. deja vu all over again . st. john's is the no. seed at the charlottesville regional for the second straight year. . stanford is the no. seed in the fullerton regional for the second straight year. . uc irvine is the no. seed in the los angeles regional for the second straight year. . georgia southern: the nation's leading home run hitter victor roache leads the eagles to carolina stadium, a home run park. . austin peay state: the ohio valley conference champs are young but well rounded, and they could upset a few apple carts at the atlanta regional. . bethune-cookman: always a dangerous no. seed, the wildcats force florida state to consider throwing ace sean gilmartin in the opener. if fsu does not, it could be in for a rude awakening. cinderella, your carriage is waiting . new mexico: the lobos carried a seven-game losing streak into the mountain west conference tournament their fifth losing streak of five or more games in . but they caught fire at the perfect time, beating juggernaut tcu twice en route to the mwc title. they head to regionals for the second straight year, after a -year absence with a -record. . arkansas-little rock: after going -in the regular season, and -in the sun belt conference, the trojans beat sbc powers troy, western kentucky, florida atlantic and florida international to win the conference tournament and reach their first regional. . belmont: the bruins started a-sun play just -and had to win back-to-back games at powerhouse stetson in the final weekend just to make the conference tournament as the sixth and final seed. four straight victories later, belmont is headed to regionals for the first time. comments will be monitored prior to being added to the site. comments that include profanity or personal attacks or other inappropriate comments or material will be rejected. additionally, entries that are unsigned or contain "signatures" by someone other than the actual author will be removed. we have chosen to open up commenting to everyone, so comment away about this blog syndicate this blog search this blog
__label__non_math	0.9558	"big homie, you killed it tonight "i say this without hyperbole. i have been to a lot of hip-hop shows in my life. after seeing infinite skillz this afternoon at fubar, i have to make this statement. the top li..."brian mellgrenbreath control "your performance was on point i loved it
__label__non_math	0.9996	arena: oracle arena attendance: 742,267 14th of sponsor this page for and help basketball-reference.com provide this service. your message will replace this ad. transactions listed are from to june click on the team for team roster and stats. click on the player for career stats and accomplishments. signed dajuan wagner as a free agent. signed anthony roberson as a free agent. waived dijon thompson. signed matt barnes as a free agent. waived dajuan wagner. signed kelenna azubuike as a free agent. waived anthony roberson. signed renaldo major to a -day contract. drafted marco belinelli in the 1st round 18th pick of the nba draft. drafted jermareo davidson in the 2nd round 36th pick of the nba draft. drafted stephane lasme in the 2nd round 46th pick of the nba draft.
__label__non_math	0.9999	chris zaldain of san jose, calif., led the list of five anglers who qualified saturday to move up in to the elite series. arkansas answered the challenge on day three of the b.a.s.s. federation nation central divisional presented by yamaha and skeeter. junior anglers put on an impressive performance on day three of the central divisional presented by yamaha and skeeter. more heat and more humidity didn t keep the fish from biting even better on day two of the b.a.s.s. federation nation central divisional on missouri's table rock lake. day one statistics suggest that table rock total weights will be higher this year. the water still is high at table rock lake, following a record high level and more than inches of rain in late april. jon stewart shares his life experience with anglers, events, and family as he writes about his history with b.a.s.s. and talks about expectations of new chapters with the new ownership of the company. along the way, i have had enough life experiences to write a thick book on. the one common thread in my life since i was is b.a.s.s. need a fishing buddy? want to learn more about the sport? join a b.a.s.s. club in your area by contacting the state president. the bassmaster classic usually brings out the finest performances of bass fishing's elite anglers, so any blunders can prove costly in this test of the best.
__label__non_math	1.0000	implement hunting accessories from bass pro shops to make your next outing a success. find bags, backpacks, game carts, and harvest accessories to make packing in and packing out quick and efficient. fool any trophy s keen nose with our selection of scents, attractants, and scent elimination products. utilize flashlights, headlamps, and gps devices to get you to the stand and back to the truck safe and sound. you may also be interested in shopping for game calls or knives tools.
__label__non_math	1.0000	tervis tumbler guy harvey insulated wrap with lid - marlin - features ocean-themed artwork of guy harvey - insulated and extremely durable - permanently sealed high-grade polymer - microwave, dishwasher, and freezer safe - manufacturer's lifetime guarantee featuring the inspiring and majestic ocean-themed artwork of master artisan guy harvey, these insulated, beautiful, and extremely durable tervis tumblers use the insulating power of air sandwiched between permanently sealed high-grade polymer to keep cold drinks cold made in usa.
__label__non_math	0.9999	word of the day, website of the day, number to know, this day in history, today s featured birthday and daily quote. word of the day embarrass im-bair-us verb to confuse or disconcert; to involve in financial difficulties; to cause to experience self-conscious distress; to hinder or impede - website of the day bob uecker quotes today is the birthday of baseball player actor comedian baseball announcer bob uecker, so check out this baseball-almanac page, which has a collection of quotes by mr. baseball. the page also has fun facts on uecker, and it links to his player page if you want to look at his statistics. number to know : most touchdowns scored by a single player in a super bowl, a record shared by four players: roger craig, jerry rice, ricky watters and terrell davis. this day in history : on television, president bill clinton denies having had "sexual relations" with former white house intern monica lewinsky. today s featured birthday comedian tv personality ellen degeneres when i came up to bat with three men on and two outs in the ninth, i looked in the other team's dugout and they were already in street clothes. - bob uecker, who was born on this date in .
__label__non_math	0.9997	naturopathic physician acupuncturist needed element wellness, located on bainbridge island, is looking for a dually licensed practitioner to join our very busy practice. the ideal candidate is seeking a long-term working relationship, beginning with a one-year commitment. salary is doe, benefits offered, with additional compensation opportunities available as patient minimums are met. if interested in applying for the position, please send a cover letter, cv, and a list of references at least three professional and two personal to our practice administrator, shannon maricielo, for more information: shannon at element7wellness dot com. we encourage you to visit our website at to learn more about our practice.
__label__non_math	0.9838	well,we know that greg gleschner i dont know how to spell it , had been trying to break .in a 125 shifter for a long time,but it was never offical and or never recorded. but that is believable that an icc could do . are you sure i did'nt set the fastest lap with my animal. it sure felt like i was going 200 but i could'nt tell cus my eyes were watering and it was real bumpy and i was getting real tired. five laps for an old guy takes a lot out of you. espn was going to do a special on me but they called at the last minute and cancelled.
__label__non_math	0.8532	gp portable powerbanks these gp portable powerbanks are perfect for any gadget that can be charged via a usb connection; smart phones, tablets, you name it the powerbank can charge it for instance, simply connect your smart phone charging cable to the gp portable powerbank, rather than a plug in the wall, and hey presto you get up to hours extra play time. these gp packs are small, sleek and the perfect solution to those everyday portable power problems. so now you can keep the kids entertained for hours on even the longest journeys, get all your work done on your commute with no worries about running short on power, or even just enjoy using your devices to their full potential without having to minimise use at any time to reserve battery life the gp portable powerbank xpb21 is perfect for mobile phones, it offers an extended use time of hours using a wi-fi connection and an extended talk time over 3g networks of nearly hours.led indicators show a stage battery charge status compatible with most usb enabled devices battery pack recharges via usb, cable included, in approximately hours over temperature, charge discharge and short circuit protection built in li-ion battery capacity 2000mah available in pure white colour click here to see one of our promotional videos for this product on our youtube channel was ., now .more detail... .inc vat4 in stock the gp portable powerbank xpb28 is perfect for mobile phones and is ultra slim.back up power source with a capacity of 2000mah charging time of .hours offers an extended use time of .hours using a wi-fi connection to the internet offers extended talk time over 3g networks of nearly hours compact design : 104 x x 11mm lightweight at only 71g available in a modern and aesthetically pleasing pure white colour over temperature charge discharge and short circuit protection built in was ., now .more detail... rrp .inc vat, save .. .inc vat3 in stock unfortunately, someone has beaten you to our last gp portable powerbank xpb20. available again, just tell our exceedingly efficient want more service.
__label__non_math	0.9989	with less publicity than in it sort of snuck up on me this time. i looked around in and couldn t find anything. sadly, most of the main blogs participating in seem to have died, though there is a facebook page dedicated to it, as well as a tumblr page. as with the last draw mohammed day, some of the images aren t safe for work. but there doesn t seem to be a main blog for the effort this year. here are some in video form. and pakistan is evidently blocking twitter over mere mentions of the event.
__label__non_math	0.9961	the end of the year is an ideal time to review your recognition program and plan for any changes you want to make in the new year. a regular program review is vital to the health and success of your program since recognition should change along with your organization. your recognition program review can be as in-depth or informal as you choose. follow our three step review process to help tweak your program for future success track your recognition with a pintastic manager step : review metrics from the year dig into the records to determine how much recognition happened in your organization this year. identify what programs and teams had high participation rates. is your current recognition program meeting your goals and objectives? a brief analysis of what s working well in your organization will reveal trends you want to continue in the new year and areas for improvement. reviewing recognition participation is easy if you have tools that track it for you step : get employee and manager feedback this step is perhaps the most important in the entire review step : create a plan for change once you have reviewed your metrics and analyzed staff feedback, create a plan of changes for the recognition program. be specific to help ensure the changes are implemented smoothly. once your plan is complete, communicate it to your organization, especially the individuals who gave you feedback. if you were unable to make a change that was commonly requested, provide an explanation. conducting a recognition program review will prepare your program to succeed in the long term. it s very important to involve employees and managers in the process. if they feel a part of the program, they will be more likely to use it year round review our selection of top articles, videos and newsletters from to fuel your new year recognition efforts ? recognition at work newsletter: how to be a day maker ? recognition tv webisode: how to start a recognition program ? recognition blog: choose a recognition program that will inspire, not backfire get genuine feedback from your staff by conducting a brief focus group about your recognition program. you don t have to hire a professional marketing research firm to conduct an informal and effective focus group with your employees. focus groups are a valuable part of recognition program reviews because you get first hand feedback from those who use the program. here are a few questions to ask your group: ? in terms of recognition, what does our organization do well? ? in what areas do we fall short in recognition? ? how can we make our recognition program more successful? ? if i were to pass along a message to management regarding recognition, what would it be? three steps to start a day-to-day recognition program easy employee recognition tips to keep recognition a priority
__label__non_math	0.9999	my name is sharon moody and on thursday, february , i lost my diamond wedding band. i was not sure where i had lost it, so i started back tracking. i called walmart where i had been around p.m. that day to see if anyone had turned in a ring. the lady on the other line asked me to describe the ring, which i did and she said someone had found my ring and had turned it in to the customer service desk. i went there the next morning and was so excited to find my ring there. my husband bought this ring for me on our tenth wedding anniversary and we have been married for years, so it was very upsetting to me that i had lost this ring. i just want to say a big heartfelt thank you to this extremely honest person who turned in my ring. it was truly, in my opinion, a miracle and a prayer answered. i do not know who this person is, but they know and god knows. again, i just want to tell them thank you from the bottom of my heart. their honesty is so greatly appreciated.
__label__non_math	0.9995	len elmore played for five teams in the nba from to . he earned a a law degree at harvard and also has been a player agent. randy belice, nbae getty images espn college basketball analyst len elmore, , was being treated by district of columbia paramedics tuesday morning after collapsing during a session of the knight commission on intercollegiate athletics. elmore, a former nba player and star at the university of maryland, is also a member of the knight commission. the commission was meeting at the ritz-carlton hotel in downtown d.c. elmore collapsed toward the end of a question-and-answer session. william asbury, another member of the commission and a former administrator at penn state, alerted the room to elmore's condition. he collapsed around a.m. et but was seen back on his feet about minutes later and the paramedics finished seeing to him. elmore left the room a couple of minutes later accompanied by amy perko, executive director of the knight commission. gerald turner, co-chair of the commission and president of southern methodist university, said elmore was going to a room at the hotel. turner said elmore had said he'd experienced similar episodes that are related to an ongoing health issue that turner did not specify. at about p.m. et, perko said that elmore was "fine." elmore played for five teams in the nba from to . he earned a a law degree at harvard and also has been a player agent. read the original story: espn analyst len elmore collapses during d.c. meeting
__label__non_math	0.9999	political pundit criticizes media coverage of religionnov. , waco, texas - political analyst and news editor fred barnes criticized the mainstream media for biases against christianity and the religious right movement during "religion and the media" conference held nov. at baylor university. barnes, a regular panelist for the mclaughlin group and editor of the newsmagazine the standard , said the media shuns the influence of religious beliefs in society. "i am highly critical of the mainline media's treatment of religion," barnes said. "i think buddhism gets fairer treatment." he said the media does not take a hostile position towards religion, but does not educate itself about the subject. barnes said that before he personally committed his life to jesus christ in the late 1970s, he held biases against christian beliefs. he said representing the field of journalism as a non-christian and now as a christian helps give him a balanced perspective on the issue. he supported his claims of journalistic bias by citing a research report known as the rothman-lichter study that concluded that percent of journalists did not attend church. a critic of the study, john dart, also spoke at the conference. dart, religion writer for the los angeles times, co-authored another media and religion study that challenges the representativeness of the lichter study. dart said the media conscientiously covers religion. "there is a reservoir of goodwill toward religion in the newsroom," dart said. "throughout the country there is a desire to do good religion stories." dart co-authored the study titled "bridging the gap" with former southern baptist convention president jimmy allen. the study found a higher percentage of religious participants in newsrooms across the country than the lichter study. barnes said the media shows bias in accepting liberal philosophies and rejecting the ideas of the religious right in news stories. "the stories about the political right suggest that they are strange and weird and an improper intrusion into political life," barnes said. he used the congressional elections as an example. in that year, the republican party experienced success in winning a majority of congressional seats. barnes said the religious right may have played a helpful role in strengthening the republican ticket. however, he said the media portrayed the group as weakening the party. barnes admitted that some right-wing politicians often cause their own negative coverage. barnes encouraged christian students in the audience of religion writers, editors and journalism faculty from around the country to pursue careers in the secular media. "i am a believer in young christian journalists going into secular journalism," he said. "i am not talking about proselytizing. you can bring a lot of breadth to the mainstream media. you are needed to make the media better." dr. pam schaeffer, writer and editor for the national catholic reporter, challenged the traditional view that the media reports only negative news about the catholic church. "every time a negative story is done, the press is accused of being anti-catholic, as if the press should not cover these types of stories," schaeffer said. "i learned that i could respect, even love people who held different values from mine." schaeffer agreed with dart that the media does not hold a hostile attitude toward religion, but she said the media could do a better job of covering the subject if journalists would educate themselves about matters of faith. "editors are a little afraid of religion," schaeffer said. "if they make a mistake, people get mad." schaeffer spent years as a religion writer and editor at the st. louis post dispatch while earning a doctorate in theology.
__label__non_math	1.0000	a new video lets people see first-hand what a patient experiences during an innovative heart treatment. the youtube video follows patient peter joyce through his journey of having a percutaneous coronary intervention pci performed at tauranga hospital. pci is a minimally invasive procedure used to treat narrowed coronary arteries of the heart found in heart disease. it is also known as angioplasty or stenting and was introduced to tauranga hospital last april, after previously only being available outside of the bay of plenty. pci is performed whilst the patient remains awake and in the video pci cardiologist barry kneale feeds a catheter through mr joyce's wrist and up through blood vessels so that the arteries supplying the heart can be seen via x-ray guidance. mr joyce said he hoped the video would help show others how simple it was and to ease the minds of anyone who might be about to undergo the procedure.
__label__non_math	1.0000	still stuck at home and bored? or maybe you ve made it in to work and decided to take your mind off commuter hell for a few moments? here are a couple examples of footage taken on monday while superstorm sandy was still raging over our area. one video shows the 69th street pier during what looks like the height of the so-called frankenstorm. in another, world news australia conducts a phone interview with stranded-at-home high school math teacher ellie terry who works at telecommunications high school 350 67th street , while scenes captured during sandy s wrath play on screen. terry s plans while schools are still being used as evacuation centers? using a special facebook plug-in, she s opted to take a couple of days to phone undecided voters in pennsylvania for president obama s reelection campaign.
__label__non_math	1.0000	file a complaint against a different company, click here. before you begin filing your complaint with bbb, please note: bbb's goal is to successfully resolve complaints involving buyers and sellers in a fair and timely fashion. this includes complaints involving consumer-to-business and business-to-business transactions that involve the advertisement and or sale of a product or service. information concerning the nature and resolution of complaints filed with bbb is used in developing bbb reliability reports on companies. bbb accepts complaints whether or not the business is a bbb accredited business. bbb generally does not handle complaints which are more effectively handled by other government or private agencies or the legal system, such as complaints involving employment practices, discrimination, or matters in litigation. click here for more detailed bbb complaint acceptance guidelines. bbb strongly encourages consumers to first attempt to resolve complaints directly with the company, however bbb will not reject a complaint if a consumer has not taken this step. all complaints are processed by local bbbs, most often the bbb where the company is located. historically, over of complaints filed through bbb are resolved. in some cases, bbb mediation or arbitration may be offered to assist in resolution. your complaint will be forwarded to the company within two business days. the company will be asked to respond within days, and if a response is not received, a second request will be made. you will be notified of the company's response when we receive it or notified that we received no response . complaints are usually closed within calendar days. bbb reserves the right not to process complaints containing abusive or foul language.
__label__non_math	1.0000	we offer free reviews on businesses that include background, licensing, consumer experience and other information such as governmental actions that is known to bbb. these reviews are provided for businesses that are bbb accredited and also for businesses that are not bbb accredited. some better business bureaus offer additional content services in bbb business reviews. the additional content services are typically regional in nature or, in some cases, a new product or service that is being tested prior to a more general release. not all enhanced content services are available at all better business bureaus. your complaint will be forwarded to the business within two business days. the business will be asked to respond within days, and if a response is not received, a second request will be made. you will be notified of the business's response when we receive it or notified that we received no response . complaints are usually closed within business days. bbb promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict bbb code of advertising. these claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges. bbb asks advertisers to prove their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
__label__non_math	0.9996	street, alexandre promio, . binns is radio merseyside's local historian. he does a bi-weekly feature on the lunchtime programme every wednesday. street was set out in , named after william harvey s lime kilns. in the doctors at the local infirmary complained about the smell, so they were moved. but of course, the street kept its name. must have had a very frontier atmosphere in the 19th century. it was beyond the edge of the old town boundary. that changed with two arrivals. the railway first in , then in and st george s hall, which opened in . george s hall turned liverpool from a provincial north of england town, to the second city of empire. its nearness to the station is of great significance. it was liverpool s message to the world. you looked out of st george s hall on the day of opening, you would have seen thousands of houses. they couldn t leave it "stuck out there like a sore thumb" as one person said, they had to connect it to the old town. william brown street was that connection. the library and museum of the 1860s; the walker art gallery, now refurbished, of the 1870s; the good old empire theatre, of another name in , then under its modern name in and the north western hotel - all of these buildings turned lime street into a dramatic quarter. arrival place for those people coming from all over the country and indeed, all over the world. the plateau has been the scene for some of the most dramatic events in our history: - crowds gathered there after the death of gladstone, the death of queen victoria, the assassination of john lennon. people awaiting the verdict in the maybrick or wallace trial. the famous strikes of and . the return of football teams, the beatles, the declarations of governments and elections. of these have brought people onto that sometimes rather breezy open of its most famous features was professor codman and his punch and judy show. this was such an institution in the city, that when it was threatened with removal it created the kind of public campaign that we are more used to nowadays then we were in the 1950s. street was full of atmosphere, pubs and people. some guide books will tell you of the ladies of the night. famous pubs were of the early 20th century. the crown, the vines, otherwise known around here as the big house. the american bar, which is older than both of those. the beginning of the 20th century it also became a mecca for the new entertainment - the cinema. several cinemas including very famous ones like the forum, have occupied this ground since before the first world war. was "england s front door", as they called the adelphi. the present hotel was opened in , but it is the second hotel on that site."
__label__non_math	0.9999	listen now mins seven unemployed men compete to win a builder's apprenticeship in south wales. jon manel follows their progress, and explores how our concept of apprenticeship has changed over centuries. the charity construction youth trust took its real apprentice scheme to newport in the summer of . seven young people who weren't in education or employment were put to work on a building site, redeveloping two flats. the best performer won an apprenticeship with newport city homes. jon manel watches the competition and hears about the contestants' experience of trying to find work. but what can the winner expect of his apprenticeship? and how does the experience of today's apprentices compare to that of their predecessors decades - even centuries - ago? jon meets a manager at tata steel - formerly british steel - in port talbot, who is still with the company nearly forty years after he joined as an apprentice. and then we go back nearly six hundred years to discover the story of a fifteenth century butcher's apprentice from newbury, recorded in a document in the berkshire record office. alison fuller from southampton university gives a potted history of how the lives of apprentices developed in the intervening years - for better and for worse. this page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets css enabled. while you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets css if you are able to do so.
__label__non_math	1.0000	swansea boss brendan rodgers will now be reunited with graham, as the pair worked together when rodgers was manager at vicarage road. chairman huw jenkins said: "danny... is thrilled to conclude the deal and is looking forward to the challenge of premier league football with swansea. "he is a player we have admired for quite some time and as a football club we are delighted to get our man. "brendan is looking forward to working with him and there is no doubt he will strengthen our team for the new campaign.'' the liberty stadium club increased their initial 3m offer to .5m and watford accepted the bid. graham, who had one year remaining on his watford contract, had attracted attention from several clubs including qpr and norwich city, who were also promoted from the championship and into the premier league this season. west bromwich albion and newcastle united were also reportedly interested in graham, but swansea, who had a bid for the 6ft 1in frontman rejected at the start of last season, were the front-runners to sign him. swansea were aware of graham's eye for goal as he scored in watford's -draw at the liberty stadium in march - one of his goals in all competitions. rodgers is keen to strengthen his strike force, with on-loan chelsea striker fabio borini set to turn down the chance of joining swansea permanently to sign a five-year deal at parma in his italian homeland. this page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets css enabled. while you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets css if you are able to do so.
__label__non_math	1.0000	table of contents you're invited to stay at the abineau lodge formerly the arziona sled dog inn , a country inn style bed and breakfast just south of flagstaff, arizona. we offer you a unique experience that you won't find inside the city limits of flagstaff. just a hop, skip and a jump from the city, the abineau lodge is a hidden treasure that's off the beaten path in the sleepy village of mountainaire. we're far enough from the city so you don't hear any of the many trains that pass through the city center every day but close enough for you to enjoy flagstaff's excellent restaurants and shopping opportunities. come stay at the abineau lodge to enjoy mountain living at its best. in business serving travelers since , abineau lodge has been featured in money magazine, america west in-flight magazine, arizona republic, phoenix magazine, arizona highways magazine, arizona daily sun, frommer's and fodor's guidebooks and on national public radio. at the abineau lodge you can open the windows, smell the pine trees and listen to the breeze blowing through the branches. watch elk browsing in the meadow in the early morning hours, listen to the mountain bluebirds, jays and finches that call the forest their home. watch out for the porcupine that lumbers across the driveway at night - his quills are sharp we're sure that you will love staying with us. this is what mountain living is all about - trees, fresh air, wild animals, nature walks, relaxing on the deck, leaving the windows open to the night air, friendly conversation, comfortable reading chairs and hearty country breakfasts. you can't find that in the city. all of that and at a cost savings to boot our dining room is bright and alive in the mornings. we serve breakfast from to . the dining room has a two story vaulted ceiling and is furnished with log and pine tables and chairs. we serve breakfasts like mom used to make but with a twist. our complimentary full breakfast includes an entree item chef's choice , our own homemade granola, breakfast breads, fresh fruit, juices, fresh roasted and ground coffee, a selection of teas, cocoa and hot cider. made from scratch pancakes, eggs abineau and chilaquiles are favorite recipes that appear on our menu. special accommodations for dogs the abineau lodge is designed and built for mature travelers looking for a quiet escape, pleasant surroundings with a homey atmosphere. the warm natural hues of the 100 year old reclaimed lumber in the flooring, ceiling and handrails is complimented by earth tone walls, leather and lodgepole furnishings and the golden glow of the living room fireplace. our parlor room, dining room and living room provide a perfect venue for small corporate retreats, memorable weddings and relaxing personal holidays. watch the elk grazing behind the lodge from this first floor room with its comfy log double bed and custom made armoire. the extra large bathroom is desigend to accommodate persons with limited mobility and is wheelchair accessible. we host weddings, retreats and meetings the lodge has meeting rooms, one up and one down that act as living rooms when not being used for meetings, retreats or seminars. downstairs is a sunken living room with a vaulted ceiling, beautiful rock fireplace and raised hearth. the room is furnished with rocking chairs and comfortable couches. off the living room is a redwood deck for watching the stars or enjoying breakfast in the summer. upstairs is our other beautiful living room, equipped with flat screen tv the only one in the house . log frame couches and leather sofas and chairs offer comfortable but casual seating. free wi-fi available throughout the lodge plenty of free off street parking at the end of the first floor hallway there's a cozy and hot cedar lined european sauna. for phoenix visitors a sauna often doesn't seem like an amenity but when the temperature drops to degrees in the middle of a summer night you might find it quite comfortable and it's a definite must for relaxing after a cold winter day the best amenity of all is our proximity to acres of national forest lands and convenient distance from downtown flagstaff and its almost constant train noise. if you hike or bike early in the morning the chances of seeing deer or elk are pretty good. in fact, many guests see elk from their own windows or as they return to the inn late in the evening - we know flagstaff and can send you on the proper journey to the good restaurants and the places you should go - free wi-fi available throughout the lodge
__label__non_math	0.9797	holiday apartment "casa lamberti dei pescatori" ia a simple house, in one of the most typical building of the island. the apartment has an independent entrance on the lake front, well furnished with all essential comfort. holiday apartment "casa lamberti dei pescatori" is composed of a leaving room with a stony wall on sight, with sofa bed, a completely equipped kitchenette with gas burners, electric oven, fridge freezer, kitchen cloths and tableware, electric coffeepot. the sleeping area consists of a double bedroom with queen size bed, served by a bathroom with shower and hairdryer. holiday apartment "casa lamberti dei pescatori" is provided with tv, ironing facilities, a marvelous lake view, and can accommodate persons. on arrival you will find a small breskfast kit for the first breakfast of your stay. holiday apartment "casa lamberti dei pescatori" is a house where you will enjoy the quietness of the island, its romantic and relaxing atmosphere. its exclusive surroundings with ducks and swans walking and flapping on the lake share with the sly cats, real masters, of the nicest and most characteristics places of the island. included services: children bed, cradle, multilingual staff, tourist office, city maps, pets not allowed, small pets, highchair, ironing facilities extra services: heating ,per day , extra cleaning check in: - check out: - deposit: 100, the "deposit" is an amount of money issued as a guarantee for any damage caused to the structure. this sum is returned upon departure, unless any damage is found.
__label__non_math	1.0000	smoke signals magazine the bbq brethren forums. mark forums read you are not logged in or you do not have permission to access this page. this could be due to one of several reasons: you are not logged in. fill in the form at the bottom of this page and try again. you may not have sufficient privileges to access this page. are you trying to edit someone else's post, access administrative features or some other privileged system? if you are trying to post, the administrator may have disabled your account, or it may be awaiting activation. forgotten your password? the administrator may have required you to before you can view this page. user control panel welcome to the brethren catering, food handling and awareness catering, vending and cooking for the masses. food handling lesson polls food handling general discussion bbq brethren team mentoring for the board brethren sales and ventures butcher bbq injections, marinades, rubs, and more big poppa smokers roastin' ronnie's coffee grilla smoker grills golden toad, inc. - saving the planet one tongue at a time double d's bbq dixie meat rub backyard bombers bbq smokers simply marvelous bbq rubs and spices big ron's seasonings bbq sauce big butz bbq sauce seasonings todd's dirt seasonings rubs pyrodust bbq dry rub ted and barney s seasoning red lion spicy foods the rub co. gravity fed smokers and grills ncgrimbo's stokemaster app extreme bbq trailers meyer metal works the bbq equipment store kosmo's q injections, marinades and rubs purple pork masters,fire and spice bbq and humphrey's competition smokers announcements and news special interest forums all times are gmt -. the time now is -- default style powered by vbulletin version .. - bbq-brethren inc. . all content and flaming pig logo are registered and protected under u.s and international
__label__non_math	0.9778	originally posted by chad "i think a brisket flat is one of the most overrated meats in the bbq world. even when done properly,..." sure doesn't sound like brisket love... oh, and this floridian spent most of his adult life traveling courtesy of the air force. sorry i put a twist in your drawers. yeah well, traveling doesn't mean you know squat about tri-tip and i still don't see where i said i "hated" brisket, you are correct when saying i have no "love" for it, but hate is quite a stretch oh, and there is no twist on my end...it would take more than someone disagreeing with my opinion to make that happen
__label__non_math	0.9993	jane kent gionfriddo professor of legal reasoning, research writing boston college law school jane kent gionfriddo began teaching in the legal reasoning, research writing program at boston college law school in and was admitted to practice in massachusetts the same year. in , she became the director of the program and held this position for twenty-two years. in may , professor gionfriddo was awarded the boston college distinguished teaching award for . she was promoted to professor of legal reasoning, research writing in . professor gionfriddo has held a variety of positions with the legal writing institute an organization devoted to the pedagogy and scholarship of legal analysis and writing and whose almost members come from law schools and english departments in the united states as well as from foreign countries. she served as a member of the board of directors for the institute from to , and served as president from through from to , she also co-edited, with several lrr w colleagues from the law school, the institute s semi-annual newsletter, the second draft. professor gionfriddo has co-chaired many committees for the legal writing institute, including the election committee that ran the most recent board of directors election and the monograph committee that brought forward a proposal for a monograph series to the board of directors. accepting the committee s proposal, the lwi board appointed professor gionfriddo as the first editor-in-chief of the new monograph series. this series includes electronic volumes published on the institute's web site, each one of which will be devoted to a topic relevant to teaching legal analysis and writing. in august , the first volume devoted to "the art of critiquing written work" was posted to the web site at from to , professor gionfriddo also served on the board of editors of the journal of the legal writing institute, which publishes articles on legal analysis and writing issues. professor gionfriddo has worked as a consultant at major boston law firms, giving presentations to and working individually with associates, and has also been a consultant at other law schools on curricular issues, including harvard law school. in addition, professor gionfriddo has presented widely, including multiple times at the legal writing institute conference, at the association of legal writing directors conference, at the american association of law schools annual conference, and at the american association of law libraries annual meeting and conference. a co-founder of the new england consortium of legal writing teachers, a regional organization that seeks to promote excellence in teaching, professor gionfriddo organized an interactive workshop on analytical feedback on student writing. professor gionfriddo s scholarship focuses on pedagogical issues concerning legal analysis and writing, including an article published in the texas tech law review on the importance of lawyers synthesizing cases in a sophisticated manner. this article was chosen as a lead article and awarded a texas tech law review outstanding lead article award. as a member of the american bar association subcommittee on communication skills, professor gionfriddo worked as a contributing author on the second edition of the sourcebook on legal writing programs, which discusses best practices in the field of legal analysis, writing and research.
__label__non_math	0.9986	bccampus helps institutions with their educational applications for teaching and learning by bringing multiple institutions together to pool requirements, and then finding solutions for acquiring, hosting, and supporting the needed applications. the greater the number of institutions participating in educational applications, the lower the cost for all. our current shared services: adobe connect is a web conferencing system licensed by bccampus on behalf of all bc colleges and universities. the adobe connect system is installed on a bccampus server at simon fraser university. participating institutions get a free foundational level of adobe connect access and can expand use at discounted rates. institutions can use the adobe connect shared service for any purpose within the scope of the institutional mandate including online courses, hybrid or blended courses, meetings and tutoring. bccampus hosts an adobe connect online community which includes user resources, events and other items of interest. please feel free to contribute to this community of practice space. desire2learn d2l is a learning management system licensed by bccampus on behalf of the entire post-secondary system. the d2l system is hosted by desire2learn on a server in ontario. desire2learn maintains the server and installs scheduled upgrades. the d2l support desk is available for designated institutional administrators. each participating institution manages and controls their own courses and users in d2l. initial training for both administrators and instructors has been provided and supported by bccampus staff. bccampus currently provides d2l as a system-wide shared service for free to all collaborative programs including applied business technology and northern collaborative information technology. at the institutional level bccampus provides d2l for up to ,000 enrollments for free. institutions needing additional capacity pay a fee for each additional enrollment. moodle is an open source software learning management system. as an open source software application it can be freely downloaded and used by anyone without paying licensing fees. bccampus provides a free moodle shared service with moodle installed on a bccampus server at simon fraser university sfu on the bcnet backbone. sfu provides server support and maintenance. moodle installation and upgrades are provided by lambda solutions, a vancouver based e-learning company with extensive moodle expertise. each of the moodle shared service participating institutions has its own instance of moodle allowing for independence and flexibility with regard to upgrades. the shared service moodle application can be used for testing, development, and full production. blackboard collaborate formerly elluminate is a web conferencing system provided as a bccampus shared service based on an open access license model. this license differs from traditional enrollment or seat based licenses in that it allows for unlimited use by everyone at participating institutions. an open access license enables all departments to use blackboard collaborate for any purpose including fully online courses, blended or hybrid classroom online courses, meetings, tutoring, advising, etc. blackboard collaborate is hosted by the vendor on servers in calgary. server maintenance and support along with upgrades is done by blackboard collaborate. licensing fees are based on the combined fte s of all institutions participating in the shared service. as with other shared services bccampus provides a level of base funding that decreases the costs to participating institutions. this shared service includes a full set of training and professional development services provided by blackboard collaborate. askaway is an online library reference. bccampus provides the it architecture underlying this service. for more information on how we deliver shared services and collaborative programs, please see how it works. if you would like to explore use of more shared services at your institution please call: director, collaborative educational services client services manager, collaborative educational services if you want to explore emerging technologies through a trial sandbox access please contact: client service manager
__label__non_math	0.9874	the bccsa as an independent judicial tribunal the broadcasting complaints commission of south africa "bccsa" was established by the national association of broadcasters "nab" in . according to the bccsa's constitution it is a body corporate, capable of suing and being sued in its corporate name, and of performing all such acts as are necessary for or incidental to the carrying out of its objects, and for the performance of its functions and duties under its constitution. the bccsa shall be based in johannesburg but the chairperson may, when he or she deems it appropriate, decide to hold a session of the tribunal of the commission at any place in south africa. the bccsa was recognized by the independent broadcasting authority "iba", now icasa in in terms of section of the iba act . during these hearings before the iba, the iba emphasized that the bccsa must be an independent judicial tribunal so that it could, without fear or favour, adjudicate complaints from the public against the broadcasters, which are members of the nab. the bccsa has no jurisdiction as to election complaints. such jurisdiction resides with the complaints and compliance committee "ccc" of the icasa, the ccc also has jurisdiction to hear complaints about content against broadcasters which are not members of the nab. complaints other than those which relate to content of broadcasts, all fall under the jurisdiction of the ccc. although the nab provides the funds for the bccsa, the bccsa is, as a body corporate, entirely independent from the nab. the bccsa has an enforceable ongoing contract with the nab, according to the bccsa constitution, to provide the bccsa with its reasonable expenses. if the nab does not provide the reasonable expenses, which would include all complaint sessions of the bccsa, the bccsa may take the matter to an independent arbitrator who will enforce the contract. if it is found that the nab is or has omitted to provide such reasonable expenses, it is bound in law to do so. other features of the constitution which uphold the bccsa's character as an independent judicial tribunal in terms of section of the constitution of the republic, are the following: . the commissioners are appointed by an independent panel chaired by an independent person up to now by a retired judge of appeal plus other persons appointed at an agm of the bccsa. although it was, initially, the thinking that half of the commissioners would be appointed from persons nominated by the nab, the constitution was amended at the insistence of the iba so that all candidates would be nominated by members of the public. . the chair is elected at an agm without any intervention from the appointment panel or the nab and may be a person from outside the commission. so as to ensure the independence of the chair he or she is in no way answerable to the commission in so far as the judicial work is concerned. he or she appoints each tribunal from the commissioners and has, in any case, the right to appoint ad hoc commissioners where commissioners are not available or where it is in the interests of representivity. . the bccsa is not, in any manner, accountable or answerable to the nab. . only the bccsa may, at an agm or sgm, amend its constitution and it does so independently from the nab. . only the bccsa may dissolve the bccsa and the nab has no right to do so or withdraw its funding of reasonable expenses. . the bccsa appoints its own registrar. the chair appoints other staff members, including the accountant. the chair is also in the sole control of the office of the bccsa. . all salaries or fees are paid by the bccsa, which has its own bank account and appoints its auditor annually. . the bccsa may impose sanctions, which include fines. it has an internal appeal procedure. in sum, the bccsa is an independent judicial tribunal which must reach its decisions on the broadcasting code independently and in line with the precepts of administrative justice, as required by the constitution of the republic and legislation that governs fair administrative justice. although initially set up by the broadcasting industry, it is entirely independent from that industry and it would be in conflict with its corporate independence to be called an "industry body".
__label__non_math	0.9998	junior autumn meeting this year's autumn meeting, a stableford playing for the barbara pratt trophy was held at huntswood golf club, a pay and play course neighbouring cliveden. the staff made us feel very welcome and the catering was very good. jane etheridge greeted everyone at registration, accompanied by sandra ing who will be taking over competitions next year. cjo debbie fitz-costa started the girls on what appeared to be an open course but with the many internal out of bounds it proved to be quite tight in places. sue lee presented the prizes and thanked jane etheridge for her hard work on the junior commitee over the last five years. sue also thanked emily and zoe for their joint role of junior captains this year. winner of the barbara pratt trophy joanna richards points 2nd victoria whittaker 3rd shamiso hatchard 1st emma norris points 2nd louise bowen 3rd rachel goodwin holes emma hardy nearest the pin emma norris straightest drive emily marler
__label__non_math	0.9998	yarrow: a tough groundcover option image by flickr entheos the white flower heads of the yarrow plant get acquainted with this hardy and handy groundcover people are always looking to cover open rough spots in the lawn and around the property. our hardy native yarrow achillea millefolium establishes quickly and binds the soil to provide a soft, scented carpet. in the wilds of western canada, white flat-topped flower heads rise to cm in. tall from a mass of ferny leaves. buy yarrow plants from a local garden centre or grow them from rooted stem fragments planted in fall or early spring. many colour varieties are easy to raise from seed, and you can mow the spreading yarrow patch along with the grass. yarrow leaves rubbed on the skin or burned in a campfire keep away mosquitoes. a poultice from steeped leaves helps heal sores and reduce muscle pain.
__label__math	0.9995	next: radiative heat flux up: loading previous: distributed heat flux contents convective heat flux is a flux depending on the temperature difference between the body and the adjacent fluid liquid or gas and is triggered by the film card. it takes the form where is the a flux normal to the surface, is the film coefficient, is the body temperature and is the environment fluid temperature also called sink temperature . generally, the sink temperature is known. if it is not, it is an unknown in the system. physically, the convection along the surface can be forced or free. forced convection means that the mass flow rate of the adjacent fluid gas or liquid is known and its temperature is the result of heat exchange between body and fluid. this case can be simulated by calculix by defining network elements and using the boundary card for the first degree of freedom in the midside node of the element. free convection, for which the mass flow rate is a n unknown too and a result of temperature differences, cannot be simulated. next: radiative heat flux up: loading previous: distributed heat flux contents guido dhondt
__label__non_math	0.9504	unity temple in oak park, ill., one of frank lloyd wright's most significant public buildings, is teetering on the brink of extinction. an early example of the use of reinforced concrete, the structure suffers from water infiltration, crumbling concrete and a host of other ills. fortunately for the landmark-and for christine happ olson, new executive director of the unity temple restoration foundation utrf -the state department of commerce has granted more than .million. "it's a retrofit to the nth degree," sighs olson, but she remains optimistic. in february, construction technology laboratories inc. ctl of skokie, ill., will begin the unusual design build exterior reconstruction, and the village will pitch in as much as ,000 for m e engineer cosentini associates to design a new hvac and dehumidification system. still, this work and the funds will only pay for one the project's three phases. the concrete stabilization is critical, however, says william r. crozier, co-chairman of the utrf, as large chunks of material have fallen recently from the temple's heavy cantilevers. carbonation of the material-both inside the temple hall and on the exterior planes-is the primary cause of deterioration, he says. in the 1970s, the exterior was restored with shotcrete, but while the color and texture matched well and the material held, the aggregate contained iron, which caused rust-colored spots and streaks. according to thomas l. rewerts, vice president of ctl, the concrete upgrade will seal cracks in the "parent concrete," rebuild visibly sagging cantilevered roof slabs and patch spalling caused by corroded steel. the plans call for unusual materials, including a silane cream sealant and an "expansive grout" called bristar for removing concrete under the cantilevers without using impact tools that could damage original cinder concrete and historic art glass windows. "the biggest challenge is to match the color of the original concrete," says rewerts. inside the "auditorium," other challenges await, crozier adds, such as the removal of retrofitted radiators and pipes. wright's original design called for one of the first-ever forced-hot-air heating systems-and self-melting roof drains-but neither system ever really worked. "we want to restore the interior so that visitors can experience the space as wright intended," says happ olson. of greatest historic urgency, however, is water damage near original wood trim. some carbonation is caused by human respiration, but the main cluprit is clear. "with flat roof planes and seven skylights, it's hard to understand why there'd be water infiltration," crozier jokes.
__label__non_math	0.9997	welcome to barnes construction group, church contractors our clients have been asking us for years to not only design their church, but build it as well. - michael d. barnes, architect ceo barnes construction group was birthed out of barnes design group, architects and specializes in all areas of both church renovation and new buildings. as an architect-led construction management corporation, barnes construction group works in tandem with barnes design group to provide a single source and superior service of quality design and construction. personal one-on-one interviews with church leaders ensure a custom design that meets the church s specific requirements. the local church is provided with complete architectural and building services out of a single office. most churches are plagued with the same physical challenges: handicap issues, leaky roofs, additional space needs or a desire to expand. whether it is a large addition or simply re-carpeting the stage, barnes construction group is able to serve all clientele. no job is too large or small because barnes construction group is able to partner with barnes design group, a budget is able to be established early in the process. a complete project team is then formed and consists of the owner, architect, contractor, consultants, interior designers, engineers, subcontractors and even material suppliers. all are dedicated from the very beginning to the successful completion of the church project. barnes construction group is proud to offer the highest quality of services, including: - facility repairs - contract management - funding resources
__label__non_math	1.0000	we've receieved many calls and emails from beach bulletin readers concerned about the bringing back the hair concert, after recent news spread about '80s metal band warrant's ex-lead-singer jani lane's premature death the cause is still unknown . "the show is absolutely 100 percent still on sept. ," said concert coordinator rob lyons. warrant will headline the upcoming bringing back the hair concert, along with steelheart, firehouse and winger also rockin' the night just right. the show is still on for sept. "these concerts are so fun and great for the whole community," rob said, who also helped coordinate the local coolio tone loc, flock of seagulls and nonpoint concerts last year, as well as the recent vanilla ice show that came to town. "i was a child of the '80s, and this is going to be such a blast-from-the-past show." of course, no great '80s bash is complete without a beneficiary of the show. "the kiwanis club of cape coral will receive a part of the proceeds of this event," rob said. tickets to the show are at the gate, and may be purchased online by visiting bringingbackthehair.com or by stopping by many local establishments. there are still possibly a few vip passes available, which include meet-and-greets with all the rockers of the evening, as well as some other fun perks. "we're really excited to bring back the '80s music, hence bringing back the hair," rob said. "come on out, it's going to be a great time for the whole family be sure to become a fan of the concert on facebook by searching "bring back the hair," don't be afraid to show your 80s style and flash during the show, and for more information on the upcoming rock fest of pure metal and malarkey, visit bringingbackthehair.com or call rob at 677- or email rob
__label__non_math	1.0000	receive even more by using bealls florida credit card for purchases made in-store and online at beallsflorida.com bealls is a privately held company, rich in tradition, owned by the founding family and its employees. founded in , bealls department stores now operates store locations in the state of florida in addition to beallsflorida.com. bealls department stores and beallsflorida.com are owned and operated by beall's department stores, inc and beall's westgate corporation.
__label__non_math	1.0000	no facebook account? sign up with your email address log in to review this cafe and add photos. found this cafe via beanhunter and the fact they were on a busy corner. service was good. i had a double shot latte - strong obviously but smooth and not bitter, and great temp. breakfast was fast and the menu filled with options, both healthy and yummy. worth a visit for coffee or wine bar in the evening. great coffee - they get their beans from thooft in bendigo, my favourite cafe when at home. quick service, friendly staff and interior that has character. thanks to beanhunter for leading me to this one skinny lattes excellent coffee full of flavour. they offer a blend and single origin. the owner, greg, is passionate and knowledgeable about coffee. they don't roast their own but they source their beans from a great roaster in bendigo so they are the only sit-down cafe in echuca that doesn't use a macro-roaster. excellent coffee great stuff - worth the trip. owner barista bent over backwards to accommodate our group of - we rocked up at .on sunday arvo - coffee machine was already shut down but he started it up and made some suberbly "coffee art decorated" flat whites and soy lattes
__label__non_math	0.9990	monday morning quarterback: week 10november 10th, - it s nearly been hours since the bears -loss to the unbeaten titans, and hopefully that s been enough time for bears fans to calm down and reassess who s to blame for the loss. in my postgame thoughts, i was already bracing myself for public backlash against rex grossman, and lo and behold, my faith in the fickle fans and the bitter media has not let me down. in the hours immediately following the game, two different polls on the tribune and sun-times websites showed that bears fans placed the majority of blame on grossman for yesterday s loss. however, i am relieved to report that as of the time i m writing this post, the tribune s poll shows defensive coordinator bob babich is more at fault . i must ask, are there that many ignorant football fans in chicago, or is the disdain for grossman so great that these fans are willing to displace their blame and give the defense a free pass? i m sure the same people pinning this loss on grossman are the same fans who, week-in and week-out, vote for the bears when the tribune and sun-times put up polls asking who they think will win the game. sorry, guys, but the bears are not going to go -. you have to click on the other team in some instances yesterday s game being one such example. i agree that rex grossman did not play well yesterday. that s a fact. but, let s look at some of the other facts before rushing to judgment. is it grossman s fault that the bears began an astounding of their possessions inside their own -yard line, of which started inside the , including two that began at the -yard line? bears fans have such raw hatred for the man that they refuse to recognize that he s been on the bench for nine weeks. are we honestly supposed to believe that one week would be enough preparation for him to step into the starting lineup and succeed against arguably the best team in the league? i don t usually agree with the guy, but the tribune s rick morrissey made some good points when he wrote: when grossman sauntered onto soldier field in his familiar no. jersey, the people in the stands were expecting what, exactly? that he d pull a game out of his helmet? that after so much inactivity, someone would play dorothy with an oilcan to his tin man rustiness? that he would suddenly morph into the star he had never been? it s an expectations game and bears fans had unrealistic expectations for both grossman and the bears. was i the only person out there who had predicted a bears loss? i couldn t have been. there had to have been some other intelligent fans who weren t setting themselves up for disappointment. let s face it, nothing has changed since last week except the division race is a bit tighter. rex grossman was supposed to be rusty in his first start of the season. the defense was supposed to have trouble rushing the quarterback. and the bears were supposed to lose this game. what, besides the number in the loss column, has changed since last week? i m going to say one last thing before i move on to the real reason the bears lost this game, because, frankly, i m sick of talking about it. i hope and pray that kyle orton is healthy enough to play this week against the packers. and not just because he gives the bears a better chance to win. but because i m sick and tired of dealing with a divided bear nation, and exhausted trying to combat the ignorance when it comes to grossman. bears fans who loathe rex grossman: there are just seven more weeks left of this season and then you never have to see grossman in a bears uniform again. until then, get over yourselves. grossman is the backup quarterback. he lost the competition to kyle orton in training camp. backup quarterbacks are supposed to struggle. hell, half of the league s starting quarterbacks are bad. so, keep your mouths shut and support all players on this team, because you re making yourselves and all us true, loyal bears fans look bad. if you feel you have to boo somebody, boo the defense. which provides the perfect segway into the real problem of yesterday s loss. i want to know why the bears backup quarterback gets so much heat while the defense receives a smattering of boos. this bears pass defense is about as bad as i ve ever seen it. tennessee quarterback kerry collins entered the game with just three touchdown passes on the season. he had two alone in this game. he also had his best outing with 289 passing yards while completing passes for a completion percentage. this is kerry collins, yet another in a string of quarterbacks this season who have made the bears look bad and yet, for whom canton has no plans to make busts to place in the hall of fame. when the defense allows the titans to push them backwards the entire game, it s no wonder the bears offense couldn t get anything going with their backs to their own end zone all afternoon. play-calling changes dramatically when you have no room to operate. i have to agree with my man, tom waddle, who, on fox s final word sunday night, correctly stated that not even kyle orton could have won this game because orton wouldn t have improved this defense s pass rush. i ve read columns claiming the bears need to own up to their shortcomings on defense and admit they have a problem. and others that express bewilderment that bob babich hasn t made any adjustments to fix the problem. but, has it ever crossed anyone s mind that maybe the bears understand they have a problem, and they ve tried to make adjustments, but they just can t fix it? is it possible that this defense is just plain bad? we know they ve been one of the best run defenses all year. in fact, they just held a tennessee team, which had ranked third in the league with 149 rushing yards per game, to just on the ground sunday. but perhaps the defense is just overpriced. all the millions of dollars spent on keeping this unit intact to ensure continuity has done anything but that. as we head into packer week , let me just say that the bears can win this game. lovie smith has yet to lose at lambeau field. but if this pass defense can t generate any kind of pressure, aaron rodgers will pick it apart. it won t matter who s at quarterback. it could be orton, grossman, caleb hanie whoever. nobody can save this defense from itself. a loss to the packers will not only give lovie his first at lambeau, but it could also drop the bears to third place in the division if minnesota wins, because the vikings would be one game up and the packers would own the tiebreaker.
__label__non_math	0.9971	seven reasons the bears can beat the lionsoctober 10th, - i am typically an optimist by nature, particularly when it comes to my glass-is-half-full mentality whenever the bears enter another week and a new game. despite cases of extreme frustration and disappointment with the bears performance on any given sunday, my philosophy is, and will remain, that with each opening kickoff there is fresh hope. sure, some weekly matchups look more bleak than others and tonight s monday night football contest against the undefeated lions is one such case. although i ve predicted in my bears-lions preview and game breakdown that detroit will prevail by a touchdown, i still have hope the bears can compete and possibly win the game. here are seven reasons why the bears can surprise football nation by handing the lions their first loss of the season. . lions have been tested by only one playoff-caliber team in the season opener against the tampa bay buccaneers, the lions recorded 431 yards of offense, 305 of which came through the air. they beat a decent buccaneers team that surprised everybody last year, but tampa bay ran the ball just times, four of which were scrambles by quarterback josh freeman. as we ve seen from the bears this year, you cannot win games if you run the ball just times. after that matchup, the lions beat up a bad kansas city team and had to mount huge second-half comebacks against the vikings and cowboys, two teams with a combined -record at this point and with long odds of making the playoffs. the bears also face difficult odds of advancing to the postseason but have better pieces to combat what the lions do than the vikings or cowboys have. . bears can close games strong throughout lovie smith s tenure as head coach of the bears, his teams have consistently closed out games. at one point from , when the team was considerably better, the bears won of games in which they were leading heading into the fourth quarter. in short, smith doesn t allow his players to give up leads and they generally play stronger in the fourth quarter to hold off late rallies. the reason this is important is because it took a supreme effort for the lions to come back from - and -point deficits to the vikings and cowboys, respectively. while we must give credit to the lions for their effort, good teams close out those games and don t allow detroit to climb back in, let alone win. . lions cannot stop the run detroit has one of the of best defensive lines in football, but that hasn t helped them stop the run. the lions had the 20th-ranked run defense entering week and are allowing .yards per carry. given what matt forte did to a struggling run defense last week, the bears should be able to have some success running the ball against the lions, which will neutralize detroit s offensive attack by keeping it on the sideline. the best teams in the league are those that can pass the ball in today s era, but the bears don t have to be the best team in the league monday night; they simply have to be the better of two for one game. . young lions team has not experienced limelight my biggest criticism of the lions prior to this season, and the one for which i could not project them to have a great season, was that after years of a losing culture, that team did not know how to win games when it mattered. the lions are a team with good players. in order to become a good team of players, it ll require winning big games when the pressure is on. detroit has not seen a monday night football game in a decade, so we don t know whether or not they can handle the exposure of a national audience and all the pressure that comes with it. not to mention, they ve never before been the heavy favorites and the darlings of the league. the bears are a veteran team that has had plenty of prime time appearances and play well in the underdog role. . bears thrive on takeaways and field position generated by special teams it s convenient to say that the team that wins the turnover battle wins the game the majority of the time. it is because of this that we can say the worst team in the league has a chance to beat the best team on any given sunday. sometimes, this statistic is an aberration that happens on pure chance, simply by the way the ball bounces. however, the bears preach takeaways perhaps more than any other team in the league and it is a central focus to their game plan. they ve been among the best in the league at taking the ball away throughout the smith era, and it s because of their penchant for doing so that gives them a shot to pull off the upset against the lions. if detroit gets lazy and careless and the offense doesn t have good ball security, the bears can wrest the game away from the lions grasp. the other factor working in the bears favor is the success they ve had gaining good field position through special teams. they started slowly this year, but hester scored on a punt return last week and had a great kickoff return as well. the hester fear factor is back in effect and will cause the lions to kick away from him at the possible expense of field position. . matthew stafford can t stay healthy against bears i once saw a sign at a lions game that played off of ford s slogan, built ford tough. the sign read, built stafford tough. i must say it s pretty interesting how a player whose last four letters spell out a word so common to the city of detroit found his way onto its football team. but in reality, that sign isn t exactly accurate. while stafford might be mentally tough he once finished a game with a separated shoulder, albeit his non-throwing one the guy is built like a piece of glass. in three seasons, he s played in only of possible games , and he has been hurt in and unable to finish two games against the bears. it d be naive to suggest that he s going to get knocked out of tonight s game because there s a better chance that he will finish it. but the possibility of getting roughed up to the point that it affects his performance is not out of the question. . bears defensive system better suited to contain calvin johnson lions wide receiver calvin johnson, the freakish athlete they call megatron, is on a record-setting pace this season. he s arguably the nfl s best receiver at this point in his career and is averaging two touchdowns per game which projects to for the season if that unlikely pace were to continue. with all due respect to megatron, the bears have done a better job at containing him in recent seasons than most teams in the league. in two games against the bears last season, johnson caught a total of passes for 111 yards and touchdown. average those numbers out and it s far worse than his production against other teams. where johnson presents the toughest challenge is near the red zone where he can use his size and leaping ability over the bears smaller defensive backs to haul in a touchdown. charles tillman will have to be physical with johnson and the pass rush will need to get to stafford in a hurry to help neutralize him, but there is a proven track record.
__label__non_math	0.9177	studio two, emi studios, abbey road producer: george martin ringo starr had two back-to-back recording sessions at emi studios on this day. the first, from .-, was for his sentimental journey album, while this second one was for his standalone single it don't come easy. recording for it don't come easy, which had the working title you gotta pay your dues, began the night before. this session began at and finished at . the following morning. in the first hour starr re-recorded his lead vocals onto the previous night's take . however, during the hour-long break that followed, it was decided that the song should be remade, and takes -were recorded from -.
__label__non_math	1.0000	bart mike are disfunktion, an amsterdam based dj producer duo with a unique international sound disfunktion has risen quickly on the global edm stage. their tracks and remixes found their way to labels like armada music, perfecto, warner, joia, big beat, pinkstar, interscope usa, spinnin', doorn records and sneakerz muz ik.over the last couple of years they developed their sound and skills. disfunktion s signature sound is progressive and features big piano and synth-melodies, while flirting with other genres as well.besides delivering a constant flow of own material disfunktion remixed tracks of the bigger names of today s electronic scene: paul oakenfold, armin van buuren, david guetta nicky romero, flo-rida, john dahlback and hard rock sofa to name a few.their melodic productions have been getting huge support from tiesto, paul oakenfold, ferry corsten, thomas gold, nicky romero, hardwell and many other names in the industry. expect some great new productions in the next couple of months
__label__non_math	0.9998	dean myler a.k.a myler is an irish based dj producer. he has come from nowhere taking the techno scene from behind with his first techno ep signed to battered records in february he has flooded scene with his distorted and dark soul destroying techno sound. his tracks have seen him signed to labels such as naked lunch,labrynth, kaputt, nukapa records and many more. owner of the illustrious "until morning" label and also one half of the empty reaches collective myler is firmly imbedded in the strong hold of techno music
__label__non_math	1.0000	skip this header saturday, , sunday, -- a famous local face - recognized for his knowledge of weather and food - will soon be serving up dinner along with your five-day forecast. "for all you wondering...the rumors are true the projected menu for james brown's gumbo... read full story our cameras were at the kree harrison "american idol" watch party in woodville. did we see you? a man was shot in the head when he tried to help a woman arguing with her husband in houston. an anteater at a conn. zoo seems to have immaculately conceived the facility's newest addition. hearst communications inc.
__label__non_math	0.9995	ever have the opportunity to spontaneously drop everything and go away for a wonderful weekend without your computer? i had that thrill this past weekend when my dear friends kathy and hugh invited us to spend the weekend with them at their new to them cape may home and wildlife garden. oddly, i have quite a history with this wildlife garden, as it used to belong to my friend irma mcvey, but this was the first time i had been able to visit since kathy and hugh purchased this property after irma s passing. when we first arrived at their house, we got to spend a delightful afternoon at the new cape may brewing company tasting some of their delicious offerings, and then we headed out to see a spectacle that i have wanted to see for many years. every year from the beginning of august until the first week of september the purple martins gather into huge flocks before making their journey south in huge migratory flocks. cape may, nj residents also gather in flocks to watch these huge gatherings of these birds at the maurice river bridge. for observant nature watchers, this spectacle is the first sign that summer is coming to an end. the next morning we got up quite early to attend a bird walk at cox hall wildlife management area, a former golf course that is now being restored to wildlife habitat. it s so amazing to me to see large areas like this being given back to wildlife, especially in an area where the pressures of new development are overwhelming. the former turf grass of the golf course is now open meadows, the water hazards are now wildlife ponds, and some of the property has even started to revert to woodland. and the birds are loving this new habitat my friend hugh got great photos of a beautifully posing lark sparrow, an uncommon bird in this area, and a life bird for many attending this walk. part of the restoration of this land has included planting large fields of sunflowers to feed the birds. the evening before, kathy and hugh had been talking about wanting to meet one of irma s very dear friends, evelyn lovitz. in another of those funny twists of fate, evelyn was also attending this walk. so we invited her to come back to the house for breakfast and a nice leisurely stroll through the wildlife garden, where we were so excited to discover monarch caterpillars. after spending the afternoon with evelyn, we had another treat when our mutual friends pat and clay sutton stopped by for dinner. ironically, i had first met irma mcvey while attending a series of wildlife gardening workshops that pat was teaching. i was beginning to see that not only is there a web of life in the wildlife garden, but there is a corresponding web of life between wildlife gardeners carole sevilla brown lives in philadelphia, pa, and she travels the country speaking about ecosystem gardening for wildlife. check out her new free online course ecosystem gardening essentials, free lessons delivered to your inbox every week. , carole sevilla brown. . this article is the property of beautifulwildlifegarden.com if you are reading this at another site, please report that to us
__label__non_math	1.0000	free shipping over for all u.s. orders - regularly . - deliveries in to business days in contiguous united states - items may be shipped by a variety of carriers - deliveries to alaska, hawaii, and p.o. boxes may take longer - deliveries to apo fpo addresses may take up to days - signature upon delivery may required for shipments over - orders placed after est will be shipped the next business day - we ship internationally, please check our shipping information page for details for ultra-dry, curly, relaxed or coarse hair need a shampoo that will gently remove oil and build-up from dry, fragile hair while nourishing each strand for softness and strength against damage. moisturizing renewal complex and shea butter transform dry, coarse hair into silky tresses. the moisturizing renewal complex and shea butter combine to lavish hair with moisture, from root to tip, protecting against dryness and brittleness. hydrates and smoothes with rich shea butter and sweet almond protein. your hair will become silky, supple and easy to style. just massage into wet hair and lather and rinse, it's that simple directions: massage into wet hair. lather and rinse. net weight: 236 ml oz. if you need any help for applying these offers or any other issue please call us toll-free at -866-830-.
__label__non_math	1.0000	beautylish is a diverse and positive community that is ever-evolving. while tastes may be personal, please be respectful in your conversation and withhold judgement or criticism. we're all here to learn and grow. we encourage you to participate in all conversations, but try to use proper spelling, grammar and capitalization. your two cents will be taken more seriously if you take the time to present it well. stay relevant and avoid self-promotion when replying, feel free to link to a blog or video that contains an answer to that thread. please don't ask people to check your site or act in a self-promotional way out of context. you don t need to end posts with your blog, youtube, facebook, or twitter they are displayed in your signature card. please don't post contests, giveaways, swaps or exchanges on beautylish. the most rewarding conversations are genuine and authentic with real people. please don t use forums to post commercial messages for direct selling purposes or on behalf of a company or commercial enterprise. let us know beautylish doesn t allow hateful or disrespectful comments. if you see something that seems inappropriate or wrong, please send us a note at email get the beautylish newsletter to hear about exclusive events, new products, expert tips and more
__label__non_math	1.0000	article number: lk021 lakm teknia sun care daily protect lotion protective lotion against the effects of exposure to sun on the hair. protects hair against solar radiation, saltwater and the chlorine in swimming pools. enhances the hair's shine and softness as well as protecting its colour. spray frequently a suitable amount onto damp or dry hair depending on its length and thickness. do not rinse. soft, shiny and protected hair.
__label__non_math	0.8802	in california's proposition ,global policy news,policy multidisciplinary association for psychedelic studies maps heffter research institute international society for the study of drug policy issdp international drug policy consortium idpc if you would like to support our causes, please consider making a donation. get smart with the thesis wordpress theme from diythemes.
__label__non_math	1.0000	da ville hoteladdress: granville hotel, palatine road, blackpool, england average rating: rooms from: us . da ville hotel please note that there are cooking facilities available for our guests in the hotel. from the m6 motorway take junction the m55 motorway follow m55 and come off at junction blackpool north shore, at round-about take 3rd exit on to dual carriage way. follow this dual carriage way straight for about .miles, until you get to a major set of traffic lights. go straight through the lights, you are now on park road. follow park road, through a set of traffic lights, you pass a launderette on your left hand side, palatine road is the second turning on your left after the launderette. once you turn in to palatine road, we are about 300 yards down on the right hand side. we have black and white shades over the windows and door. we take a minimum of people in a beded room we do not accept or people in a beded room,we do not except one person bookings or one night stays at weekends on bank holidays and during the elluminations. latest customer reviews and ratings hostelworld.com and affiliate sites the ratings in the rating box are based on all-time feedback for da ville hotel and are the opinions of the customers who submitted them; they do not express the opinions of hostelworld.com or our affiliate sites.
__label__non_math	0.9871	' pre-lit palm tree - . lighting outdoor lighting seasonal patio furniture accessories outdoor decorative lighting seasonal patio furniture accessories shop all patio this ' h pre-lit palm tree is perfect for indoor or outdoor decorating. great for year-round use
__label__non_math	0.9981	honey-can-do chrome garment rack - . storage closet modular systems organize your room or living space with confidence with this honey-can-do hd chrome garment rack. made with sturdy, steel construction and a chrome finish, this garment rack is easy to move with smooth rolling swivel casters. designed to hold a range of both long and short cloth garments, this rack is easily adjustable. steel shelving on the bottom makes a convenient extra storage place. made of steel and plastic. imported. limited lifetime warranty. model gar-.
__label__non_math	0.9753	atlantis king quilt - . bedding quilt sets coverlets this whimsical bedding has a water-color inspired tropical print featuring sea life and waves in ocean shades of blue, green, yellow and white. a great way to add color and excitement to your decor. quilt is cotton fabric and fill, and oversized for a better fit. twin measures " w x " l, full queen measures " w x " l, and king measures 108" w x " l. machine wash. imported. coordinating shams, toss pillows and bed skirts sold separately.
__label__non_math	0.9981	dusk and dawn collections -section wine cabinet store wine glasses in the top cabinet, your corkscrew and other wine essentials in the middle drawer and wine bottles in the bottom cubbies. behind the tempered glass door are two shelves for storage. measures " x " x ". easy to assemble.
__label__non_math	0.9972	cuisinart pulp control citrus juicer the cuisinart pulp control citrus juicer features an adjustable reamer with pulp control settings -- low, medium, high. the auto-reversing universal juicer cone provides more efficient juicing, while the final-spin feature extracts more juice from pulp. there's an extra-long snap-up spout that accommodates more glasses and prevents dripping, and a cover that activates the final-spin feature and protects against dust. parts are dishwasher safe. with its brushed stainless steel finish, juicer will be both a helpful and attractive addition to your countertop. three-year limited warranty. ul listed. model ccj-500. cuisinart pulp control citrus juicer we bought this for use in our house in jamaica. it was used for dozen oranges a day for weeks straight. we juiced all dozen oranges at the same time. we loved it and i froze the pulp to use as ice cubes. i am buying a 2nd one for our house in ny. great juicer love it i asked my hubby for a new juicer. he bought me sheets. i returned them for this juicer. really easy to use, my kids make their own orange juice all the time. very happy with it i would recommend it. didn't last loved the juicer when first used. then, it broke down a few days later. not sturdy enough for normal home use. shop all cuisinart
__label__non_math	1.0000	free facebook chat app access facebook's chat service on the go, with the proven reliability of beejiveim. now you can chat deep facebook integration facebook chat on your iphone also seemlessly integrates many of your facebook activities. update your status, post to walls, upload photos videos, comment like posts, check your facebook email, and much more
__label__non_math	0.9954	moderator: nicole marie did not know that. dai bread wrote:i might add that the charm has worked perfectly so far. i wonder if it has an expiry date? the news here isn t really that they d rather have a security committee deal with alleged rapists than the local p.d. the whole point of starting a utopian commune is that it s as insular as possible. no, the news here is that there s apparently enough of a problem that they felt obliged to publish a pamphlet dealing with the subject at all. i confess, i haven t been to any tea-party rallies so you ll have to tell me: are there a lot of here s what to do if you re raped today fliers circulating at those too? piqaboo wrote:in the teaparty its probably 'we dont talk about that sort of thing', and 'you must have asked for it'. piqaboo wrote:i think the occupy people are idiots. and yes, i think that sexual assault occurs at tea party events too, and that they dont talk about those things because its part of their culture to believe its the woman's fault, and that it would make them look bad to admit it in public "we dont air our dirty laundry, dear". no, i'm not 'above that'. that kind of crap happens. the teaparty 'types' are the people who said the woman who went to a bar to make a phone call was 'asking for it', that sexual harrassment laws are unwarranted government intrusion, etc. the occupy types are greedy selfish twits who want something for nothing. i dont care much for either group. i think the occupy people are idiots. shapley wrote:lack of washington state apple pickers called a 'crisis' apparently, they are too busy occupying town squares to protest the lack of jobs to take the day being offered... jamiebk wrote:ever pick apples for a living? i have....its backbreaking work. seems like something that ought to be mechanized. users browsing this forum: no registered users
__label__non_math	0.9999	moderator: nicole marie catmando wrote:btw, a rather uneventful switzerland vs. ukraine game. did you see the swiss with their penalty kicks? my year old grandmother could have given it a better boot on a few of those serenity wrote:we'll see tomorrow if brazil and spain will meet as favorites in their respective games. serenity wrote:argentina over germany italy over ukraine although i want italy to lose portugal over england hopefully portugal has enough gas in the engine bra over fra argentina over portugal if no major chesspieces are eliminated from play brazil over italy ukraine argentina and brazil tie and share the world cup together serenity wrote:i should put this in the pet peeves thread........i'll be going to the white mountains in nh tomorrow and i'll be "soccerless" for a week i'm setting the vcr for game time on the 4th, 5th and 8th and crossing my fingers that the power doesn't get shut off during a thunderstorm. i'll be sure not to fall in schmeelkies' rain teaser by leaving the windows open. users browsing this forum: no registered users
__label__non_math	0.7518	moderator: nicole marie ok, now is the time to ask all the splitting hair questions: you sain including voice, right? how fine tuned can we go with voice types, we shouldn't go too far, or the list won't work. should we just say voice, or differentiate soprano, mezzo, contralto, tenor, baritone, bass. or maybe just satb? tenor spinto? colorature? probably too much. non-western instruments are also fine. bignaf wrote:the problem with too much variety is that the resluts aren't statistically representative. also different people might end up voting for the same thing for different names. i guess it can come down to the judgment of the compiler. you can decide that the person who wrote coloratura soprano, would also be a fan of sopranos in general and add the vote to that category. users browsing this forum: majestic- bot
__label__non_math	0.9998	in the last few years, there has been a move toward using software and web-based applications to help consumers manage their finances. however, many of the tools are somewhat lacking in sophistication. applications like mint.com might ... saving for retirement is important. even if you plan to work until the day you die, you never know what kinds of health problems might come up, forcing your retirement. but in this tough economy, who ... health insurance is a touchy subject these days. it s expensive and often not available unless you work full time for a company. is there any hope for people who neither need nor want to work part ... when most people think of the american dream, home ownership is a part of the equation. at least it was until the housing bubble burst in . as home prices dropped and foreclosures rose, potential homeowners ... camping is a favorite summertime activity for kids. even if you don t have the time, money, or inclination to load up the camping equipment and head to the woods, your kids can still experience the joy ... father s day seems to have snuck up on me this year. maybe it s because i was out of town last week. or maybe it s because public school in our town is getting out a week later ... memorial day is next monday, and we re making plans for a barbecue today, if the weather cooperates, my kids and i will be starting our square foot garden. we have a lot of work to do, as the boxes aren t even on the ground yet. in fact, we ... if you re a typical person, who earns money from an employer and has no complicated financial dealings, it s not hard to prepare your own taxes. i prepare my own taxes every year, and i haven t messed ... the following is a guest post by debtkid, who writes about his journey to get out of debt, and achieve financial stability. he runs a small software development company in seattle as well as working as ... i'm just an average mom, trying to live a frugal life and get out of debt. i write about things that have and haven't worked to improve my family's financial situation. what works for me may or may not work for you, and you should always consult a financial advisor before making important financial decisions. in accordance with ftc guidelines, i state that i have a financial relationship with companies mentioned in this website. this may include receiving access to free products and services for product and service reviews and giveaways. any references to third party products, rates, or websites are subject to change without notice. i do my best to maintain current information, but due to the rapidly changing environment, some information may have changed since it was published. please do the appropriate research before participating in any third party offers.
__label__non_math	0.9915	hariri's assasination: us and europe??? us and europe's increased pressure in the middle east political scene after hariri's assassination. since the attacks on the us, the bush administration has declared a world-wide war on terror, and they decided that the word terrorist falls on anyone who disagrees with them or they have conflicting interest with the us. the bush administration set itself as the guardian of western values of democracy openness, and freedom of expression, and as such guardian they have the right to topple any regime, or create a war, or enforce sanctions on any country they consider is not fit within these values. in simple terms either you re with us, or against us syria was never away from being fingered by the us, syria held one of the main political poles in the region especially since it had an input in the palestinian political scene, and also since it controls two fronts in the arab-israeli conflict joulan and south lebanon and one of the main aspects why syria doesn t want to leave lebanon is because they would loose a considerable political card in the peace process, and also there are more then million syrian worker in lebanon, and lebanon represents a get-away from the sanctions forced on syria by the us. so a large section of the syrian economy depends on them staying in lebanon. actually syria s withdrawal from lebanon means the end of the baa th regime. during the war on iraq, and the first stages of the occupation, and still the us has repeatedly attacked syria for helping insurgent groups to flee through syria or to attack from syria, or even to transport weapons through the iraqi-syrian borders. after the elections in iraq and in palestine, syria has lost a lot from its position as a main and decisive political pole in the region and especially by the rising tensions between syria and europe. and the baa th regime is forced more and more to cooperate with us demands. syrian ambassador in the us imad moustapha said: "whenever the united states came to syria asking us for assistance, on issues they wanted our assistance ... we immediately engaged with the united states," "this has included our support for the elections in iraq, our securing the borders. we have done everything possible to secure the borders between syria and iraq. the assassination of ex-prime minister rafik hariri in beirut came as another blow to syria, since the word on the street in lebanon is that syria organized the assassination, and the us is using the assassination to weaken more and more the syrian regime, and is also using the rising tension between syria and europe. bush s visit to europe falls also within this purpose, national security adviser stephen hadley said bush will also give a major speech that "will focus on his vision of a united trans-atlantic community, working together to promote freedom and democracy, particularly in the broader middle east." bush knows that the us cannot go along in declaring a new war in the middle east without europe s support, and this can be translated in what bush said: "my first goal is to remind both americans and europeans that the trans-atlantic relationship is very important for our mutual security and for peace," and one the first direct steps in forming an alliance with europe on the issue of the middle is the un resolution which was drafted by france and the us, which class for the immediate withdrawal of syrian troops out of lebanon. the us didn t attack syria of being behind hariri s assassination but they said that syria s presence in lebanon is causing too much instability, which is one of the main causes for hariri s death. condoleezza rice said: "but the syrians -- given their position in lebanon, given their interference in lebanese affairs, given the fact that their forces are there, given the terrorists that operate in southern lebanon with syrian forces in close proximity to them -- does put on the syrians a special responsibility for the kind of destabilization there." what is surprising about the us response is that it wasn t fast, and the bush administration seems like it is playing the center between europe and france in particular from one side and syria, which gives the us more advantage in controlling the political scene. it is obvious for europe that the us will never embrace the international criminal court they hold so dear, which means they have to hold a harder front against syria and iran, just to avoid loosing their interests in the middle east. and the bush administration is using this factor in putting europe more and more on the frontline in the middle east, where at the same time it still reminds europe that the us can always resort to military action. and they proved that in iraq, and they didn t deny such actions when talking about disarming iran from its nuclear weapons, and also they mentioned about harder measurements to be taken against syria if it does not withdraw its ,000 troops from lebanon "we're very serious about this." bush and chirac exclaimed. and one of bush s main points from visiting europe is to meet with russian officials to try and stop russia s support for iran s nuclear program and as well try to stop russia s proposed sale of surface-to-air missiles to syria. bush said he would talk with russian president vladimir putin about actions widely viewed as a retreat from democracy. "i mean, he's done some things that have concerned people," bush said. so the us administration as well as europe and especially france are pretty serious on actually limiting more and more syria s control, and definitely intend to end the baa th regime in syria, the united states pulled margaret scobey, its ambassador from syria on tuesday. "it's a very strong signal to return one's ambassador," rice said. so the us is ascending the tensions against syria, and syria knows it but both ends from the syrian regime is a dead end. if they go with the us plans and demands, this would definitely mean the end of the baa th in syria, and if they don t they will have to in a confrontation with the us and europe, and they know that it will also end in the death of the bath regime in syria. but i still don t think that syria is first on the us agenda, iran still takes that place, and the rising tensions between the us and europe from one side and syria on the other, means harder fronts on the iranian front. and iranian and syrian officials declared that they will try to hold a united front against us threats, and then iranian official declared that what is between iran and syria is common interests and not a united front. and obviously iran is trying to escape us threats and its alliance with syria would be like an open gate from the us to more fierce attacks on iran. so syria is actually stuck on so many fronts, and it is more and more being isolated from the region, and which can be translated in a great confusion within the syrian administration, where the syrian information minister would state that if syria withdrawed some of its troops out of lebanon and hariri got killed, what will happen if it withdraws all of its troops? and at the same time lebanon is filled with rage against the syrian presence. and still there has been no clear position taken from syria to deal with hariri s assassination. actually there is no way out for the syrian regime, the problem lies is what happens next? the lebanese elections will play a decisive role in this situation, and the opposition is holding a strong front against the government which is more and more loosing grip of the situation and it may resort to violence, and at the same time the opposition, even if it has declared that they will only go with democratic methods, but given the history of the leaders of the lebanese opposition where most of them are war lords, exactly like the government, i think they will benefit from the situation, and may use it to push for a more violent confrontations, and whatever happens in the lebanese scene, it will definitely be used by the us to attack syria. and also syrian officials have declared that if the lebanese parliament decides that syrian troops should be out of lebanon, they will go out. which can be taken that syria is loosing all of it cards. if a war breaks out in lebanon, which is not a far possibility especially with the rising racist tides fed by the conflict between the government and the opposition, it will not be a strange thing to see us or european troops in the country especially that the opposition are calling for support from europe and the us. this will definitely mean the end of syria s baa th regime. the possibilities are a lot, especially with the changes happening in the lebanese political scene, and the inability of syria and it s pro-government in lebanon to deal with the situation. but i think things will get clearer during the coming few weeks and more definitely after the lebanese elections the lebanese opposition the lebanese opposition is mainly formed from a wide range of organizations and coalitions, it took a start in the past few years, by the rise of the fpm free patriotic movement led by michel aoun, which mainly can be classified as neo-liberal lebanese nationalists, there politics can be generally represented by the slogan lebanon is for the lebanese and they call from the complete withdrawal of syrian troops from lebanon. another part of the opposition is qornet shehwan which gathers a range of christian parties, and they called for better syrian-lebanese relations, and they have raised their speech into a more confrontational one through the past months especially after the un resolution. and one main character in the lebanese opposition is the psp progressive socialist party president and druze leader walid junblat who recently shifted into a total confrontation with the government and syria, and by this unifying the opposition under the bristol agreement. this led the democratic left a lebanese version of european social democrats to join the opposition. and before hariri s death, hariri was leaning more and more towards the opposition but also trying to hold the center. hariri who was ex prime minister in lebanon, represents the neo-liberal policies in the country from privatization plans, and rebuilding down-town beirut which is now owned by a company he started called solidere, and owns of the shares in downtown beirut. so the lebanese opposition maintains a line combining between the far-right, passing through center right, till it reaches the center left. and the center left in it which can be represented by the democratic left is leaning more and more towards the right, especially after they adopted the last opposition statement which calls for an international intervention and also calls for the international community to keep an eye on lebanon. after rafik el hariri s death, a long rooted racism which is present in the lebanese society is more and more being used by the opposition to gain more votes in the coming elections, and through-out the past days there has been at least attacks by anonymous groups on syrian workers. and you might also hear words on the street saying syrians are like animals, they need to be out or all syrians need to be out, cause whenever they are around they are only putting themselves in danger so the lebanese opposition is more and more moving towards using such feelings in their political campaigns by simply not pointing out this dangerous problem. and the main problem in this opposition that the majority of it is war-lords from the last lebanese civil war, and while the government is being more and more cornered and may resort to violence to maintain the situation, they might benefit from it and push for more violent conflicts between them and the government, especially that they are preparing for a demo on monday. and actually it is obvious on the streets that both the government and the opposition might resort to an armed conflict at some point. and probably drive the country into another civil war. walid junblat said in the past few days that all taboos have fallen, and everything is possible. and he even called for a foreign mandate over lebanon. another problem with it is it is clearly trying to bet on the us and france, but the problem with that is that the us and france main target is syria, and they simply care less about what happens in lebanon, and it is very obvious that they are not giving the support that the opposition is requiring from them. when the opposition is clearly accusing syria in killing hariri, the us and france is still abstaining from doing that.
__label__non_math	1.0000	we ve merged our beladora and beladora2 websites for an easier shopping experience. you will find our beladora2 inventory under the shop b2 tab. we hope you enjoy exploring our new site we guarantee the authenticity and quality of every piece we sell. we regularly monitor the worldwide jewelry market to assure our clients of the best possible prices. we provide an easy, no hassle return policy. satisfaction is guaranteed, period. subscribing will enable you to receive quarterly and holiday news from beladora. 332 n. rodeo drive, beverly hills, ca
__label__non_math	1.0000	a ,000 reward has been put up by police investigating the suspected murder of a teenager who went missing on the isle of wight years ago. damien nettles has not been seen since when the -year-old failed to return home following a night out with friends in cowes. earlier this year, his mother, valerie nettles, who lives in texas, said she believed her son might have been killed by a drugs gang whose path he crossed. a huge police inquiry has seen eight people arrested over the course of a year but freed with no further action, 352 witness statements taken and ,440 documents reviewed and processed. hampshire constabulary said the ,000 is the latest effort by detectives who insist their determination to find what happened to damien remains "unwavering and undiminished". superintendent dave powell, the senior investigating officer, said: "our resolve remains to secure reliable evidence that can confirm his whereabouts. the biggest challenge we still face is separating fact from fiction because a vast amount and range of information about damien's disappearance has been received. "for the past three years, it has been important for the major investigation team to concentrate on analysing and acting upon the information already passed to police by the local community. this led us to arrest eight people who were questioned over the course of a year, and later released with no further action. "officers needed to focus on completing existing inquiries while multiple suspects were on bail. we did not charge anyone with a criminal offence, but those decisions were not the end of our investigation. murder or foul play cannot be ruled out." the last confirmed sighting of damien was on cctv at yorkie's fish and chip shop in west cowes high street at around . on . in february, his mother told the bbc: "people said damien probably fell in the sea but there has been more information that he fell foul of some people. i believe he was beaten to death. he wasn't into drugs but i wouldn't be surprised if he smoked a bit of cannabis with his friends. he was more into getting his hands on a bottle of cider. whatever happened, damien did not deserve this. he was just a silly boy who got in the way and someone decided to teach him a lesson."
__label__non_math	1.0000	june marks national iced tea month, and i think it is a fine occasion to create a simple herbal ice tea mix. despite traditional thought, herb teas can be made from fresh plant material, which is abundant right now. - take some of your most fragrant herbs - the ones you brush with your hands to enjoy the smell, pick some of your favorites and place them in a glass container. i use a mason jar for convenience, when making a day's worth of tea for myself. - lightly bruise the herbs with a wooden spoon. this means tapping and working the spoon into the herbs to help release the essential oils, the flavorful part of the plant. - pour boiling water over the herbs and cover jar with a tight lid. if you do not have the exact lid that came with the jar, use a saucer. the weight of the saucer will be enough to keep the steam from escaping. - let your herb tea sit until desired strength. do not time this by color, however, as herbs may not give the darker appearance that black tea leaves provide. - to test the strength of your brew, taste after minutes and every minutes thereafter. - when tea if finished, strain off plant material and compost it. then sweeten while the mixture is still warm to dissolve the sugar or honey more thoroughly. during june, there are some blossoming edible flowers and herbs that could be included in your herb tea mix. the flowers impart a delicate taste and sweetness. you may not have to use additional sugar when using fresh flowers. be sure to find flowers that are truly edible, however. here are some ideas for a fresh herb tea mix. these should be growing and often blossoming in many areas of north america in the month of june: pick at least a cup of the following: - rose petals unsprayed source only please - catnip leaves and flowers - mints-growing abundantly now, pinch a mixture of them if you can. - lemon balm - violet blossoms and leaves - dandelion blossoms-remove the green parts, they can be bitter - nettle leaves - red clover blossoms using the method listed above, brew any combination of these herbs to the desired strength. chill and enjoy some of the freshest tea you have ever had to celebrate ice tea month
__label__non_math	0.9972	books music health fitness hobbies crafts home garden news politics religion spirituality travel culture bubble tea dangers? bubble tea dangers? bubble tea is a tea drink that is becoming more widely noticed in recent years. this drink has been consumed in the asian american communities for some time now; most likely the very late s. it currently enjoys a somewhat cult-like following among the younger generations of suburbanites and on college campuses. it goes by the names of bubble tea, pearl milk tea, milk tea, or bobo. bubble tea finds its origin in the country of taiwan in . in taiwan there are some ,000 bubble tea stores, it is somewhat like how there are coffee shops on every corner here in america. what in the world is a bubble tea and why could it be dangerous? a bubble tea is a tea drink that can be served hot or cold, but the majority are drunk cold. this drink comes in a myriad of different ounces sizes, as well as flavors, and added ingredients. for example one can purchase a chocolate or passion fruit or mango bubble tea. a bubble tea is also considered by some an edible drink. it contains marbles of tapioca that are put in and sink to the bottom of the cup. each drink is served with a huge width straw. this is in order to suck up the tapioca. the bubble tea is made by adding the milk: to the cup- this can be milk, non-dairy creamer, or condensed milk. along with these common ingredients other things can be introduced such as cassava powder, mullet protein, wheat gluten, or milk essence. so this tea drink sounds like a very sweet indulgence right? not so fast, it is of current debate with those who sell the bubble tea, and the rumors that abound that have been passed around by word of mouth, to whether bubble tea can make sick. it appears that warnings are necessary to heed. it is said that those ingredients that are being added to the drinks are very harmful. it is said that the milk essence which is considered a main ingredient while containing a high amount of hydrogenated vegetable oil is also loaded with chemicals like trace arsenic, lead, copper, and other minerals. overt and long term consumption of such things can lead one to heart disease, blood disorders, cancer, and asthma. to make the tapioca more rubbery the mullet protein is added. this is artificial plastic powder and this cannot be eliminated from our bodies wheat gluten is also an additive that is also considered a plastic taiwan has long been accused of using not only cheap but noxious materials. chemical firms sold the clouding agents and jams using plasticizers. these chemicals can also be found in jelly, jams, and dietary supplements. the above chemicals produce dehp and dop. phthalates have recently had preliminary studies done that show phthalates can cause cancer, obesity, diabetes, disruption of hormones balance and affects both male and female reproductive organs. approximately fourteen products like emulsifiers, juices, syrups, and jellies that have already been recalled in canada by the canadian food inspection agency. currently, the chemicals are not under any recall in the united states; however, many shops are being proactive and are removing harmful agents from their drinks. it has been noted that many shops on the west coast have been either having their ingredients tested or are buying only products that have been approved for consuming. so for your own safety or peace of mind, please ask at your caf or tea house, if the business supports a self-ban on taiwan chemical products. buyer beware. this content was written by mary caliendo. if you wish to use this content in any manner, you need written permission. contact mary caliendo for details.
__label__non_math	0.9991	guest author - heather thomas in most wild species, birds display dominance within the flock to determine their place or roll within that flock. males display and vocalize to win their choice of female. the term pecking order comes from natural bird behavior. dominant behavior is natural and expected in the wild. we must be cautious, as humans, not to project our sense of right and wrong onto our feathered companions. similar to birds that still live in the wild, your bird may be only a few generations removed from the wild and will display natural behavior tendencies. understanding these basic characteristics helps you understand how to interact with your bird and creates a happier flock experience for all. the lunging or biting bird one must be cautious to label bad behavior as dominant behavior. lunging and biting are most often caused by fear. changing a bird s environment too drastically such as cage placement, a new cage, rearranging the furniture in a room or even something as simple as changing the drapery on the window next to their cage can cause even a friendly bird to become seemingly aggressive. it is important to consider environmental changes before labeling your bird s behavior as dominant. typical dominant behavior that manifests itself as biting or lunging would be a bird that loves to sit only on your shoulder and bites you when you attempt to remove them. protecting a favorite person or place in your home by lunging or biting at others who happen to come too close would also be correctly labeled as dominant behavior. the bully bird you may have a situation where you keep more than one bird in a cage. if you have a flock that works well together you will be able to tell who the dominant male is but it will not adversely affect your flock. if you have a dominant male that is a bully, you may observe him forcing other birds off of their perch or guarding a food dish and not letting anyone else eat from it. in worst-case scenarios, your bully will single out a victim and force that bird to dwell at the bottom of the cage or even injure and possibly kill this weaker bird. if you have a dominant bully, it is best to remove him from the cage and keep him in a cage by himself or with his mate. the anti-social bird as much as you try your bird has no interest in becoming your friend. this bird often flutters around its cage to avoid your hand or takes to flight to escape your reach. i find this behavior often typical of a bird with unclipped wings. there are people who keep birds that believe it is cruel to clip a bird s wings. i will cover this topic in depth at a later time but here will touch on effects not clipping your bird s wings has on dominance. by the very act of keeping a bird as a pet, you are choosing to take this wonderful winged creature and transform it into your friend or companion. if you take this action, it changes the purpose of the animal. if you allow your bird to retain the ability of flight, you are permitting your bird to escape your reach and do whatever it wants. this may be fine, if you want a wild bird as a pet. however, if you want a friendly bird, you want a bird dependent on you, a bird that does not fly away just because it wants to. for a well-mannered bird, keep the flock mentality where you are the dominant bird. if you want a bird that respects you, you must maintain dominance. this is not achieved by cruel discipline. observe your bird and be consistent with your expectations and interaction within your flock. do not allow unacceptable dominant behavior to take root in your avian friend.
__label__non_math	0.9817	guest author - susan taylor growing orchids is a wonderful hobby for almost anyone. exhibiting them at a local orchid society meeting is the next step. we all have the need to show off our plants when they are looking beautiful most orchid societies have a "plant table" which is basically a mini-show for the members to bring in their flowering orchids. this is a very helpful tool for the beginning grower. you can see what the plant as well as the flowers look like before you actually buy one. talking to the grower in your area of the country to see how they grow the specific plant can also be extremely helpful. you learn that not all plants are specimen size with hundreds of blooms, some are young plants with only one or two flowers like the ones you have the principles for preparing your plant to exhibit at a plant table and at a show are very similar -- you are trying to present your plant in the best light possible. this begins as soon as the plant starts to show an inflorescence. for phalaenopsis this means staking the inflorescence when it reaches approximately inches or cm high. use a stake of your choice, usually wire or bamboo, to carefully provide support and exhibit the flowers most beautifully. it is also important to make sure that the plant is not turned once the inflorescence has started to grow -- if this happens, the inflorescence will twist and the flowers will not present evenly. for cattleya alliance plants and paphiopedilums, use the stake to hold the inflorescence upright so the flowers are presented facing the viewer. this may be done with standard stakes or taking thin wires and making a "u" hook in them to hold the inflorescence. the important point is to provide support to hold the flower in the best possible position for viewing. clean up your plant, taking off all old materials, trimming leaves of brown areas and sponging off leaves with either milk and water, or lemon juice so that all chemical residues are removed. put it in a decorative container with some moss to finish it off and "voila" a plant to be proud of and wow your fellow growers.
__label__non_math	1.0000	here's the latest article from the early childhood site at bellaonline.com. three common car seat mistakes three common mistakes parents make using car seats. please visit earlychildhood.bellaonline.com for even more great content about early childhood. to participate in free, fun online discussions, this site has a community forum all about early childhood located here - i hope to hear from you sometime soon, either in the forum or in response to this email message. nicki heskin, early childhood editor one of hundreds of sites at bellaonline.com
__label__non_math	0.9963	in case you missed some of my earlier posts on all the bad stuff that smoking does to your hair, teeth, and nails, a recap on the series is soon to come. but for the final installments, let's talk skin. besides causing a tough, leathery complexion and an aged-beyond-your-years appearance, there are lots of other ways smoking is simply terrible for the body's largest organ. find out what they are when you read more. - the wrinkling: smoking constricts the blood vessels, resulting in eventual premature wrinkling, as the body is robbed of vital nutrients and essential oxygen. it also results in the degradation of collagen and elastin, two fibers that give skin strength, suppleness, and that youthful glow. keep in mind that it often takes years for the major consequences of smoking to show up on the skin, so what you don't see now can be misleading. - smoker's face: gaunt features, a sallow, gray-toned appearance, and deep lines surrounding the mouth and outer eyes? these are all symptoms of what's known as "smoker's face." the longer you smoke, and the more cigarettes you light up, the greater likelihood of wrinkles and sagging skin. - speaking of wrinkles: for smokers, wrinkling not only shows up on the face, but all over the body, too. from the neck to the chest to the arms, legs, and buttocks, no amount of wrinkle cream or sun protection will stop them from coming. - dried up: nicotine acts as a diuretic, therefore causing drying of the skin. not only that, but continual exposure to the heat from a cigarette, along with pursing of the lips and squinting of the eyes while taking a drag, contributes to a less-than-lovely leathered appearance. the bad news is that there are still many other reasons smoking is bad for the skin. i'll explore them in a future post. however, the good news is that if you quit now, you can stop further damage from happening, all while restoring a healthy, nonsmoker glow.
__label__non_math	0.9999	myracepasstm is your ticket to the online motorsports world. tired of having to remember your username and password for countless different racing websites? mrp is a globally recognized login across a vast network of motorsports websites including this site . having your "myracepass" account will handle your username, password, profile picture, and all account information for any website on the network. you will be notified of updates to the network as it continues to grow. we thank you for being a part of this ground-breaking motorsports online experience.
__label__non_math	0.9997	hillary clinton takes responsibility for us benghazi consulate deaths secretary of state hillary clinton says she takes responsibility for the security failure at the benghazi consulate that led to the killing of four americans in libya last month. hillary clinton said ensuring the safety of us diplomatic staff overseas was her job, not that of the white house. republicans have strongly criticized president barack obama over the attack. and republican challenger mitt romney is likely to raise it again in the second campaign debate with barack obama. it seems hillary clinton is trying to draw criticism away from barack obama, who needs a strong debate performance if he is to recover his lead in the polls. in her interviews, hillary clinton appeared to acknowledge that she was trying to shield the president. what we had to do in the state department was keep focused not on why something happened that was for the intelligence community to determine but what was happening and what could happen, hillary clinton said. and that s what i was very much working on, day and night, to try to make sure that we intervened with governments. we did everything we could to keep our people safe, which is my primary responsibility. hillary clinton said she was focused on tracking down the killers of the us ambassador to libya and bringing them to justice. i don t think we want to get into any blame game. i think what we want to do is get to the bottom of what happened, figure out what we re going to do to protect people and prevent it from happening again and then track down whoever did and bring them to justice. last week, a us congressional committee heard us security in libya was reduced before the attack on the us consulate, even as violence worsened. mitt romney has been making the benghazi attack the centrepiece of his case against president obama s foreign policy, and has accused vice-president joe biden of making misleading statements about the attack. mitt romney said joe biden s statement in the recent vice-presidential debate that the administration was not told about requests for extra security in libya contradicted the sworn testimony of state department officials. a congressional panel has already heard there had been repeated requests to the state department for beefed-up security at the diplomatic compound. in the days after the attack, barack obama s ambassador to the united nations, susan rice, described it as a spontaneous assault that arose out of a protest against a us-made amateur video which mocks islam. but us officials have since said the government had never concluded the attack was motivated by the film. barack obama and mitt romney are preparing to face off in their second debate later on tuesday, at hofstra university in hempstead, new york. mitt romney was widely acknowledged as having the upper hand in the first debate, which was reflected in the opinion polls, with many showing for the first time in the campaign mitt romney in the lead. ambassador christopher stevens died of smoke inhalation when he was trapped alone in the burning consulate building on september. three other officials were killed, and three wounded. earlier this week, the father of ambassador christopher stevens said it would be abhorrent to turn his son s death into a campaign issue. our position is it would be a real shame if this were politicized, jan stevens said. short url:
__label__non_math	1.0000	more ways to connect winners of bell s 3rd annual homebrew competition announced one hundred and twenty six entries were submitted for the 3rd annual bell s homebrew competition and nick rodammer, pictured at right, took first prize with his belgian black ipa. all of the winners were announced during all stouts day on nov. at the eccentric caf . rodammer will get to brew his recipe with specialty brewer zeke bogan at our original brewery in downtown kalamazoo to then go on tap at the caf . this is the same brewery where many of our smaller batches are brewed including the wild one, the jazz series, roundhouse ira, kal-haven ale, harvest ale, a number of specialty stouts and more. overall, judges were very impressed with the caliber of entries this year, noting lots of experimentation and a lot of hops. there was also a good presence of beers made with wild yeast and bacteria, said david curtis, bell s general store manager and coordinator for the competition. look for details for the 4th annual bell s homebrew competition to come in . cheers and congratulations to all 1st place: nick rodammer, belgian black ipa 2nd place: jay vonbuskirk, hoppy beer brewed with mango 3rd place: adam and britani wisniewski, brown ale brewed with smoked malt sam mirto, coffee porter jerry pardeik, citrusy ipa richard dueweke, weissbier matt holley, black ipa brad wyant, coconut cream stout chris carr, a beer fermented with lactobacillus and aged on oak and brettanomyces alex mantakounis, chocolate peanut butter cup porter scott fitzsimmons, citrusy pale ale sam bailey and kyle smith, tropical ipa stouts, special menu on tap for all stouts day kalamazoo on sunday nov. , our taps will go dark once again for the 4th annual all stouts day at the eccentric caf . seventeen different stouts will be on tap, a variety of special menu items will be available and at p.m., we will announce the winner of our 3rd annual homebrew competition. also, just in case the list below feels a little overwhelming, samplers are an option as well six -ounce beers of your choice . - kalamazoo stout - special double cream stout - java stout - expedition stout - oatmeal stout - rye stout - milk stout - trumpeter s stout - harry magill's spiced stout - smoked stout - dagger stout - sweet potato stout - black note - bourbon barrel-aged cherry stout - bourbon barrel-aged batch ,000 - bourbon barrel-aged kalamazoo stout on nitrogen - bourbon barrel-aged kalamazoo stout firkin on the menu: - all stout stew made with every one of our stouts - seafood stew - shrimp cocktail - vegetarian meatloaf with mashed potatoes and trumpeter s stout gravy - pot roast with mashed potatoes - brisket sliders with a cherry stout reduction - special double cream stout beer marinated tempeh burger vegetarian - beer cheese soup made with milk stout vegetarian - appetizers from our regular menu bell's beer event roundup: all stouts day, iceman cometh, tap takeover in fargo and more below is a look at our events this week in indiana, michigan, florida, north dakota, north carolina and illinois. goshen art tour bell's tasting: springer design in goshen from -p.m. this one goes to tapping: constant spring in goshen at p.m. split personality: the clarkston union union woodshop in clarkston dark beer downstairs and light beers upstairs. happy hour tasting: salut fine wine spirits in kalamazoo from -p.m. new and seasonal brews, free swag tap night: logan's alley in grand rapids at p.m. - black note, cherry stout, expedition stout, special double cream stout, the oracle dipa and this one goes to ale. 23rd bell s beer iceman cometh challenge: get more details here. sunset on the season party official iceman post race party : state street grill in traverse city at p.m. - amber, kalamazoo stout, two hearted, best brown, winter white, hell hath no fury, christmas ale, oarsman, black note, sparkling ale, debs' red, golden rye, oracle, midwestern pale ale and roundhouse ira will be on tap all stouts day: different stouts on tap beginning at noon in kalamazoo at the eccentric cafe. abc liquor tasting: tampa from -p.m. - amber, oberon and two hearted bell's "inundated:" jl beers-downtown fargo at p.m. - different beers - hopsoulution, black note, christmas ale, the oracle, consecrator doppelbock, chery stout , sparkling ale, raspberry ale, bourbon barrel-aged batch ,000, double cream stout, expedition stout, third coast old ale, java stout, smoked vienna lager, oatmeal stout, wedding ale, rye stout, le pianiste, le contrebassiste, debs' red and hell hath no fury keep the pint night: the moat in oviedo from -p.m. - oberon and two hearted on draft. purchase a pint and receive a bell's glass to take home. bell's tasting: eastfield bar grill in charlotte - best brown, winter white, two hearted, porter, smoked vienna lager, midwestern pale ale, amber and java stout. an additional tasting from -p.m. will also feature special double cream stout, hell hath no fury and oarsman. beer dinner: old town social in chicago at p.m. - four courses paired with kalamazoo stout, sparkling ale, the oracle and third coast beer. call 312-266- or go here for more information or to make reservations. join us for multiple beer dinners, some jazz, a dark glass night and more. take a look at our full calendar.
__label__non_math	1.0000	debit credit cards with belmont bank trust s visa check card you no longer have to write checks to make purchases. that s because the visa check card is accepted for purchases anywhere visa is welcome. the card also acts like an atm card. you can use it to access your money, free of charge, at any starsf or allpoint atm location. imagine that, the ease of a credit card without the hassle of writing checks. please contact a personal banker, at 773.589., to get your belmont bank trust visa check card today. if a debit card is lost or stolen, please contact 800-554- hours a day. whether you re looking to organize your household finances, establish and build your credit history or planning your next family vacation, belmont bank trust has a credit card that will meet your needs. our family of credit cards offers you the following choices . . . - either a visa or mastercard credit card - basic card program or a rewards program - classic, gold or platinum cards - free online access to your account
__label__non_math	1.0000	working together to make aging better at belmont village, we know how important it is for you to find the right solution for your patients and families with eldercare needs including assisted living, alzheimer s, and respite care. we re dedicated to helping you meet those needs with responsive, timely support and information. we understand that each situation is personal and unique and we will work with you on a case-by-case basis to ensure that individual needs are addressed and appropriately met. belmont village, l.p. assisted and senior living locations: buckhead atlanta , georgia - buffalo grove, illinois - burbank, california - cardiff by the sea, california - encino, california - geneva road carol stream , illinois - glenview, illinois - green hills nashville , tennessee - hollywood heights los angeles , california - hunters creek houston , texas - johns creek, georgia - memphis, tennessee - oak park, illinois - rancho palos verdes, california - sabre springs poway , california - san jose, california - scottsdale, arizona - st. matthews louisville , kentucky - sunnyvale, california - thousand oaks, california - turtle creek dallas , texas - west lake hills austin , texas - west university houston , texas - westwood los angeles , california
__label__non_math	1.0000	am yisrael hillel club meeting date: friday, time: sponsored by: contact: leah shefsky advisor: bill conover 363- contact: leah e shefsky mission: am yisrael hillel aims to foster jewish identity among jewish students at beloit college, and provide a safe, warm, welcoming environment for jewish practice and inquiry. the club is dedicated to providing a voice for jewish students on campus and to promoting judaism and jewish culture with a broad variety of social and religious experiences. we warmly encourage all interested students, regardless of their cultural or religious background, to participate in our events and attend our meetings. all are welcome, wherever they are on their journey, and we would love the company
__label__non_math	0.9999	"kid simple: a radio play in the flesh," a beloit college theatre production from site: news events date: thursday, time: duration: hours location: kresge theatre, neese complex sponsored by: theatre, dance and media studies contact: amy l. sarno, amy sarno moll, a girl who invents things, wins the science fair with a machine for hearing sounds that can't be heard. but when a shapeshifting mercenary steals the invention and her heart , she must embark on a quest to save noise as we know it. accompanied by the last boy-virgin in the eleventh grade, moll crosses chasms and rafts rivers into a world where sound is always more than what meets the ear. a quirky fable of innocence and experience, featuring live sound effects, mutinous onomatopoeia, and a host of woodsy temptations. for mature audiences. language and subject matter may not be suitable for children. admissions: for seniors; for students . this event is open to campus and community.
__label__non_math	1.0000	welcome to kazan dr. rif gaynanov - 'wrestling is my life' traditional wrestling will always be intersting, wrestling is a life click here to enter the gallery "from traditional wrestling kuresh to modern belt wrestling sport" click here to watch the video rif gaynanov - "wrestling is my life" click here to read the pdf
__label__non_math	0.9887	tom rukavina did not mince words in minnesota's first gubernatorial forum featuring candidates from both major parties. "i am going to tax everybody in this room," the virginia democratic state representative declared. he promised that if elected he would raise taxes on the richest minnesotans more than others, but all minnesotans would pay an income tax surcharge. other democrats, including wealthy mark dayton, were willing to up taxes on the wealthy, but less prone to go as far as rukavina. still, democratic-farmer-laborites at the forum agreed they would raise taxes to fix the state's budget problem. the difference among them was a matter of degree. on the republican side, there was less difference. grand old party candidates agreed that keeping taxes low and reducing regulation are the best ways to bring more jobs to the state, and increasing the number of jobs is the best way to help minnesotans. eleven candidates attended wednesday's hunger solutions minnesota forum in st. paul's river centre, including most of those considered front-runners. they answered questions for minutes in front of a crowd that dwindled to fewer than 100 by the time the forum ended. it was an afternoon of subtle differentiating among candidates, even though moderator mary lahammer of twin cities public television several times tried to get candidates to contrast themselves with fellow party members. margaret anderson kelliher sat between liberal and conservative gubernatorial candidates and said it was an appropriate location. "i think i'm between these two guys because i think that is kinda where i am, between tom emmer and john marty, in the political spectrum," the democratic house speaker said. emmer is a conservative republican legislator from delano, marty a liberal roseville senator. and while republicans would put kelliher, of minneapolis, on the left side of the political arena, her comment pointed out that minnesota's governor candidates provide their parties and voters choices for the november election. dayton, a former u.s. senator and state official, said the key to his budget plan is to raise taxes on minnesotans in the top percent of income. kelliher and marty agreed with increasing the wealthy's taxes more than others, but did not rule out other tax increases. many democrats avoided answering lahammer's question about what taxes they would raise, but after a bit of prodding some admitted any tax could be considered. ramsey county attorney susan gaertner, for instance, told lahammer: "a -second, two-word answer is part of the problem." but she said she would consider increasing any taxes. rep. paul thissen of minneapolis called for overhauling the state's tax system, refusing to list specific tax increases. sen. tom bakk of cook suggested that the state look at restoring income tax cuts made in recent years. while not being specific, bakk said he understands that businesses need to be considered when deciding on taxes. "i'm a different kind of democrat." republicans, on the other hand, stuck together in saying taxes should not be raised. "it is not a matter of raising taxes," emmer said. "you have got to cut taxes." rep. marty seifert of marshall emphasized the need to bolster minnesota business. "everything needs to be done through the lens of economic growth," seifert said. sen. michael jungbauer of east bethel, long involved in the ministry, complained that government has taken over charitable works from the faith community and in doing so increased state spending. "we need to clear the way for private donations..." he said. "the citizens will come to the aid of their friends and neighbors." frequent candidate leslie davis, running as a republican after years when people thought he was a democrat, agreed with gop candidates more than he did democrats. "a rising economy raises everybody," davis said. don davis works for forum communications co., which owns the bemidji pioneer.
__label__non_math	0.9988	redmond golf cross event on tap: after a successful debut earlier this fall, another redmond golf cross event is being planned for december to cap the central oregon cyclocross season. the upcoming redmond golf cross event is scheduled for dec. at the old juniper golf course in redmond. the initial redmond golf cross event was offered at the same site in september and drew more than 100 participants. the december event will offer classes for men, women, masters, beginners, single speed, juniors and kids age and younger. registration will be available starting at a.m. on race day, and the first race will start at a.m. registration is plus two cans of food for juniors. the kiddie cross race is free. in addition to race-day registration, participants can sign up at obra.org. for more information, contact shane johnson at firstname.lastname final cross crusade standings: seven central oregon cyclists took home top honors in the cross crusade series standings, which were based on results from throughout the eight-race series that concluded nov. . chris sheppard men s category a , serena bishop gordon women s category a , lance haidet junior men , sarah max masters women a , andrew sargent masters men a , kenny wolford masters men c, one point and aimee furber women s category b, one point , all of bend, earned series titles. for wolford and furber, their series wins came by a single point. at each cross crusade event, riders finishing among the first positions in their respective classes earned points that contributed toward their season totals. the cyclist in each class with the highest point total after the eight races took first place in the series standings. cyclists must have competed at least three times to appear in the series standings, and if they competed in more than six races, the points for their two poorest results were not counted. complete series standings for the cross crusade are available at obra.org. there is no charge to attend the party at sunnyside, located at 930 n.w. newport ave. the event will begin at p.m. and conclude at p.m. food and beverages will be served, and a drawing of items from boswell will be staged. boswell will also speak at the event and sign photo cards. for more information, contact sunnyside sports at 541-382-. bulletin staff reports
__label__non_math	1.0000	a huntly woman says she may have to wait up to two years for surgery. tracy mcqualter said she had been on the austin hospital waiting list for about seven months and the bendigo health waiting list about five months. she has carpal tunnel syndrome, which affects her daily, and said a doctor recently told her it could take two years before her operation went ahead. i m quite scared of permanent damage if i don t get it done, she said. i wake up every night with pins and needles in my hand. it s affecting my daily life, i m not getting any sleep and i ve got numb fingers which interferes with my work as a typist. ms mcqualter, , is one of almost people on local waiting lists who are likely to experience further delays following recent federal government funding cuts. she said it was almost impossible to find out any information about her surgery. there s a phone number to ring to speak to a patient nurse, ms mcqualter said. you leave a message and call a mobile but no one returns a call on either phone. they don t tell you if you re actually on the list. ms mcqualter had a nerve conduction test at the austin. she said a doctor told her there were long waiting lists at bendigo and recommended she join the austin list. she said she was put on the bendigo waiting list after several months, and was still waiting. but a bendigo health spokesperson said the longest person waiting for carpal tunnel syndrome surgery was at days. the spokesperson said while she couldn t address individual cases, people could be offered dates that didn t suit or a doctor error could mean a patient wasn t added to the list. at bendigo health we aim to treat all patients as quickly as possible, she said. carpal tunnel is normally a category three, which has a treatment target of 365 days. we run at to per cent.
__label__non_math	0.9999	washington -- lawyers in at least two recent high-profile u.s. trials say they'll appeal the verdicts due to jurors who posted on twitter during the trial. the situations have legal scholars pondering the implications of social-networking by jurors who are routinely ordered not to discuss the cases they are involved in with anyone. "our legal doctrine is not made for a wired universe," daniel richman, who teaches at columbia law school, told abc news.com. abc said tuesday the twitter postings were being used as grounds for appeal by attorneys for an arkansas company hit with a .million civil verdict and by former pennsylvania state sen. vincent fumo, d-philadelphia, who was convicted monday of obstruction of justice. fumo's motion to halt the deliberations last week contended that although the unnamed juror's posts didn't indicate which way the panel was leaning, his penchant for online communications could have led him to read postings from others stating opinions on fumo's guilt or innocence. although the judge had ruled the juror could remain in the case, experts tell abc that comments on twitter, facebook and elsewhere in cyberspace will have to be considered by judges across the country. "there's one simple rule that i tell everyone," anne reed, a milwaukee attorney and jury consultant, said to abc. "if the person said the same thing offline, what would we do?"
__label__non_math	1.0000	washington - u.s. president george bush touted the bipartisan immigration reform bill as a way to address the issue of the millions of illegal immigrants in the country. "this bill brings us closer to an immigration system that enforces our laws and upholds the great american tradition of welcoming those who share our values and our love of freedom," bush said in his saturday radio address. a large group of u.s. senators, led by sen. ted kennedy, d-mass., announced the compromise bill thursday. the white house immediately threw its support behind the measure. the 380-page measure would demand border security be improved before other parts of the bill go into effect, create a temporary worker program and give illegal immigrants in the country a chance to earn a visa. bush said the bill would "honor the great american tradition of the melting pot by strengthening our efforts to help new arrivals assimilate into our society." the senate is to debate the measure next week while the house has it penciled in for consideration in july.
__label__non_math	1.0000	bpt - everyone, including moms and doctors, can agree that a good night of sleep is necessary for good health, high energy, and an individual s overall well-being. not getting enough good sleep or rapid eye movement sleep can affect the mind and body s ability to react appropriately to outside factors, the national sleep foundation reports. creating the perfect sleep environment is the first step toward ensuring a good night of sleep. march, the first month of spring, is also national sleep awareness month, and it aims to remind everyone why a good night of zzz s is so important. one in four adults in the united states experience occasional sleepiness, difficulty falling asleep, or waking up feeling un-refreshed at least a few times per week, according to the national sleep foundation. fortunately, you can implement these tips this spring, and create a comfortable sleeping environment in your home for both you and your family. nobody enjoys walking around in a mental fog or having no energy during the day, so be sure to create the perfect sleep environment in your home for you and your family this spring. it will help you get the most out of every minute of your zzz s.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the cats loving the relaxation times. the lorax comes out on blu-ray and digital copy on tuesday august . the latest in the disney reads series of apps is the classic tale of bambi. - new desk friends from sesame street - poison dart frog at capron park - goodbye miami and all my pbs friends. - jackie chan blu-ray double feature: shanghai noon shanghai knights - discovering pbs at the annual meeting - bienvenido a miami for the pbs kids vips - disney princess: story theater app - happy mother s day "sounds fun "my kids would love these blocks. :- " read more lindsey d. says "there should be a thumpback mega bloks set. everyone likes thumpback "the kids say they would like shroom boom and chop chop included in a set. " read more
__label__non_math	0.9996	ben uri attends war and displacement conference 9th may rachel dickson, curator and ben uri's head of curatorial services reports on the war and displacement research network conference dorothy bohm, photographer by katy green 13th march in preparation for our upcoming photography exhibition, 'days project', katy green has been exploring the work of dorothy bohm. she recently visited the exhibition on bohm at the museum of london. march's picture of the month 1st march the edge by david breuer-weil lgbt history month 20th february february is lgbt lesbian, gay, bi and trans history month and it focuses on the lives and achievements of the lgbt community, celebrating diversity within the community and society as a whole. here clare trepak,... ben uri responds to georg baselitz on women painters 8th february rachel dickson, curator and the ben uri's head of curatorial services recommends the ben uri exhibition, judy chicago, louise bourgeois, helen chadwick and tracey emin to georg baselitz tracey emin's something's wrong comes to ben uri 6th february the ben uri's current exhibition judy chicago and louise bourgeois, helen chadwick and tracey emin has had a notable exchange of works by tracey emin this week. curator's tour for courtauld alumni 30th january last week, alumni from the courtauld institute of art were treated to a curatorial tour of current exhibition, 'judy chicago and louise bourgeois, helen chadwick, tracey emin: a transatlantic dialogue', led by curator and fellow... february's image of the month: the lecture 27th january it is a dramatic and historically important work by george grosz, entitled the lecture. portrayed on the poster is the profile of the radical jewish writer erich muhsam who was murdered in the oranienburg concentration... corpus canvas: a bigger splash vs judy chicago 4th january two interns compare reactions to the use of the human body in the tate modern's 'a bigger splash: painting after performance' and ben uri's 'judy chicago: transatlantic dialogue' exhibitions. nishana has an ma in history... january's image of the month: reflection in a mirror 31st december with ben uri's current exhibition, judy chicago and louise bourgeois, helen chadwick, tracey emin: a transatlantic dialogue, on view until march , our selection for january's image of the month is, fittingly, a portrait... educators, events and awards 3rd december a quick update on what the ben uri learning team have been up to recently... moving on... "my time as a social media intern" 24th october this week, we said goodbye to one of our brilliant social media interns, sophie. she tells us of her experience at ben uri... "draw your journey" family art day at ben uri 15th october social media intern, sophie joined the learning team for their family art day on sunday. it was held as part of the big draw, which is happening throughout october. artist interview: ben nathan 5th october winner of international jewish artist of the year award ijaya and good friend of ben uri, ben nathan, tells us where he draws his inspiration from and why he's looking forward to hosting the... december's image of the month: man with torah ii 28th september december's image of the month is yitshak frenkel-frenel's man with torah ii an interview with dodo's granddaughter, clare amsel 10th september to mark the closing and success of "the inspiration of decadence: dodo rediscovered" at ben uri, sophie, our social media intern spoke to clare amsel, dodo's granddaughter, who recently has helped bring dodo's timeless work... dodo rediscovered: curatorial tour 5th september prior to the curatorial tour, which marks the end of the inspiration of decadence: dodo rediscovered exhibition at ben uri, our social media interns, germaine and sophie, speak to curator, rachel dickson, about dodo's work... drawing series: fashion illustration 17th august in our penultimate session, graphic artist, antony ward led the participants through 's fashion, as part of our series of workshops designed to complement the current exhibition: the inspiration of decadence: dodo rediscovered. drawing series: drawing dreams 14th august part three of the drawing series sees participants exploring themes and symbols within dreams and taking the fear out of each other's nightmares.. drawing series: the nude 8th august in the second part of the drawing series, the participants battle with spiders and "creative brain" exercises... artist talk: siona benjamin and shanti panchal 7th august in ben uri's latest artist talk, artists siona benjamin and shanti panchal discussed 'the role of mythology in contemporary transcultural art'. ben uri former intern, amanda carmago, talks about the night and why it was... august image of the month: interrogation 3rd august a closer look at interrogation by george grosz . 17th july ben uri's chair and chief executive, david glasser, explores the identity of ben uri and looks at its future. is there a right time to intern? 10th july andrea grottick used to think that being a mature art student would prohibit her from becoming an intern, but an interview with the learning department at ben uri proved that was not the case. july image of the month: racehorses 10th july a closer look at racehorses by david bomberg dodo exhibition opens 2nd july the exhibition on artist dodo has finally opened. head of curatorial services, rachel dickson, talks about the preview night. getting ready for dodo 23rd june head of curatorial services, rachel dickson, talks about the magic of dodo that is revealed during installation of the exhibition at ben uri. june image of the month: mornington crescent summer morning ii 18th june a closer look at mornington crescent summer morning ii by frank auerbach - ijaya awards ceremony 30th may it was a great night at ben uri on may for the ceremony announcing the winners in the international jewish artist of the year awards . bbc news meet simon sebag montefiore at ben uri gallery 8th february
__label__non_math	0.8970	baidu reports higher q3 profit chinese online search site baidu.com nasdaq: bidu released its third-quarter earnings results on monday. the company reported that its net income for the quarter was .per share. this came in ahead of wall street analysts' consensus eps estimates of .. revenues in the period were billion. traffic acquisition costs in the quarter were .million or .percent of total revenues versus percent in last year's corresponding quarter. looking ahead, baidu said that it expects revenues to be in a range between .010 billion for the fourth-quarter. this compares to analysts' current consensus of .billion for q4. c benzinga.com. benzinga does not provide investment advice. .
__label__non_math	1.0000	undefeated mma fighter with congenital amputation to discuss motivation and inspiration roseville, calif., globe newswire -- nick newell, a professional mixed martial artist mma nicknamed "notorious", recently won the xfc lightweight championship and moved his professional record to -, all with only one complete arm, the other incomplete due to congenital amputation. some may say nick newell has a "handicap," none of those people are his past opponents. yesterday newell was named by spike tv's mma uncensored host craig carton as the "fighter of the year" and is proving to be a true inspiration to people of all ages and physical abilities around the world. fitbody radio, a live web based radio broadcast show, is excited to have newell live on their broadcast monday, at 10ampst 1pmest, where listeners can call in or tweet their questions live at fitbodyradio.com. newell will be on fitbody radio to discuss his mma career, his future, his fitness and his motivation. "i've watched some mma fights, but i've never seen a fighter with the kind of passion and excitement that i saw from newell when he won that championship. i can't wait for our listeners to hear some of that passion." stated fitbody radio co-host jami debernard, a professional athlete herself. "newell is the kind of athlete that is motivational and inspirational to watch, not because of his physical challenges, but because of his attitude, pure and simple" added fitbody radio co-host brian jagger. fitbody radio is a weekly live broadcast show with a focus towards all levels of people wanting to achieve or maintain a fit body. the show recently debuted with premiere guest lou ferrigno, and is co-hosted by international federation of body building ifbb figure pro jami debernard, and certified personal trainer brian jagger, who used to personally be morbidly obese and is now a fit and health focused personal trainer. debernard and jagger have created a show that is motivational, inspirational, educational and always entertaining newell won the xtreme fighting championship xfc on at xfc , which was broadcast live on axs tv from nashville, tn. in anticipation of being on fitbody radio, newell stated that he "feel s great, spending this week to rest, getting back at it next week." about why he's committed to getting back in the gym so soon from a roller-coaster week, newell stated "it's not enough for me to be the champion; i want to be the best." video of newell's championship win, and more information about this extraordinary athlete, are available on the fitbody radio website at fitbodyradio.com . this information was brought to you by cision the following files are available for download:
__label__math	0.7843	read your codes like for a cel and erase them using the erase function?if so there is the problem it will set all the i m monitors to not ready.it is part of the non constant emission monitoring system.even if you had to take a smog test if you have no cel on, you can get by with i m status codes not ready,and eventually it will after enough proper drive cycles reset itself. or if you cleared the codes and need to take a smog test and i m are not ready,follow----with common sense---- this generic obdii drive cycle begin with a cold start coolant temperature below 122 degrees f and the coolant and air temperature sensors within degrees of one another . this condition can be achieved by allowing the vehicle to sit overnight, and then by beginning the drive cycle the next day. most drive cycles will be difficult to follow exactly under normal driving conditions, so the driver should exercise caution, road safety, and courtesy to others. as long as your other cat is okay,and it would let you know no reason to be afraid
__label__math	0.8124	beowulf getting a phi, dammit. diep at xs4all.nl thu mar :pst on , at , james cownie wrote: on mar , at , mark hahn wrote: the issue here is that because we offer 8gb of memory on the cards, some bioses are unable to map all of it through the pci either due to failure to support so much memory. this is not the only people interesting. but it seems like there are quite a few cards out there with -6gb admittedly, mostly higher-end workstation gp-gpu cards. is this issue a bigger deal for phi than the nvidia family? is it more critical for using phi in offload mode? i think this was answered by brice in another message. we map all of the memory through the pci, whereas many other people only map a smaller buffer, and therefore have to do additional copies. james, not really following exactly what you mean by 'through the pci'. if you do memory through the pci, isn't that factor worse in bandwidth than when using device ram? what matters is how much ram you can allocate on the device for your threads of course. anything you ship through that pci is going to be that slow in terms that you just do not want to do that and really want to limit it. if you transfer data from host the cpu's to the gpu, then amd and nvidia gpgpu cards can do that without stopping the gpu cores from calculation. so it happens in background. in this manner you need of course a limited buffer. a problem some report with opencl is that if they by accident overallocate the amount of ram they want to use on the gpu, that it is allocating host memory, which as said before is pretty slow. really more than factor . more information about the beowulf
__label__non_math	0.9998	pages of results for posted: monday , the real housewives of new jersey, along with ridgewood resident harlan coben, saddle river residents mary higgins clark and carol higgins clark, attend children's aid and family services' spring gala at the venetian in garfield. harlan coben
__label__non_math	1.0000	with wobbly legs, woozy stomachs and foggy heads, some emerson students spent patriots day trekking .miles from hopkinton to boston with some ,000 others, all on foot. some chased celebrity cyclist lance armstrong, others ran with friends and loved ones, but all interviewed aimed to complete the 112th boston marathon for sentimental reasons. for three-time marathon runner alan gwizdowski, a junior tv video major, the race presented two opportunities: to run in remembrance of the virginia tech massacre, which occurred on marathon monday last year, and, on a lighter note, to try to beat lance. after crossing the copley square finish line last year in , gwizdowski met his parents and heard the distressing news. his sister, then a virginia tech senior, was working on campus during the shootings. she called her parents during the race to tell them she was ok, but gwizdowski knew nothing until the finish. "i called my dad at mile because i had my cell phone with me," he said. "he didn't tell me anything was going on. as soon as he hung up with me, he got his first phone call from my sister, whom he hadn't heard from all day. so i basically decided i was going to run it again and wear virginia tech stuff." then, when he discovered seven-time tour de france winner armstrong was racing, and that his :qualifying time was within reach, gwizdowski had to go after the big guy. "i knew i wanted to do it," he said. "it was just a matter of whether i wanted to run fast or not." after more than four months of vigorous training, peaking at to miles per week, gwizdowski completed the marathon in :, about minutes behind armstrong. he wanted to break three hours, but wrote off the additional seconds to tying his shoes-twice. gwizdowski said he never saw armstrong, but probably started near him. armstrong's qualifying time from the new york city marathon would have put him in or ahead of the third starting group, which gwizdowski was in, but armstrong's high-profile status earned him an honorary spot up front with the first elite runners. elsewhere on the course, other emerson runners were pursuing their own goals. sophomore dana filek-gibson, a writing, literature and publishing major and a beacon copyeditor, carried out her family's three-generation running tradition by completing her first marathon. with veteran marathon-runners for parents, athletic grandparents and a younger brother that runs as well, filek-gibson was born with jogging genes. at mile , where the hills start, her father jumped in and ran with her for the rest of the race. filek-gibson said she felt fine until then, but reached her dad at a critical moment. "suddenly, my legs felt like someone had put icy hot all over them," she said. "i had never had that feeling before. he just kept talking me through it." the two finished in and celebrated the feat and her father's birthday that night. that same evening, senior marketing communication major julie walden and her dad john, who works as emerson's construction manager, enjoyed a similar birthday and race day dinner together. after running her first marathon in the same time as filek-gibson, walden celebrated with her father, who used to run marathons before several knee surgeries, on his birthday. having him and her mother cheering her on at mile , she said, helped her through the final stretch. besides family, walden had the support of her boyfriend, a senior at maine maritime academy, who ran with her from start to finish. he never ran before he met her three years ago, she said, and not only did he complete his first marathon, but he actually pushed her to run faster. "we held hands for the last stretch to the finish ," walden said,. "it was just amazing to finish. it felt like you were on the red carpet. that's the only way i can explain it-everyone was cheering for you." an estimated 600,000 spectators lined the course. freshman janine seidel, a marketing communication major and an emerson cross-country runner along with walden and filek-gibson, was running her first marathon. seidel was joined by her marathon-running mom at mile . "she was just like, 'i'm here "when we turned the last corner and you could see the finish line. . . it was just so cool because you knew you were going to get it," seidel said. "you don't necessarily feel your body anymore, but you just have to keep your head into it. i don't know how to explain it. i'm just so delirious right now." unlike seidel's mom, who runs every day, junior lisa devito's mother trained to run only the last three miles with her daughter. devito, a communication sciences and disorders major, met her mom around the -mile mark. devito's mom, who traveled from long island, n.y., had never run before. devito finished her first marathon in about hours minutes with her mother by her side. earlier in the race, devito also received a boost from her boyfriend's mother, who entertained her from mile to . she also ran with cross-country teammate seidel for the first miles. "we were making great time in the beginning," devito said. "then the end was the hardest. at mile , i was like, this hurts like hell. the last two miles was really tough, and i didn't expect it to hurt that bad." crossing the finish line with her mother wasn't as sentimental as she anticipated, she said, mostly because said she felt like she was going to pass out. after sitting in a wheelchair and eating, however, devito said she was fine. she laughed when she recalled her boyfriend's mom asking her during the race if she planned on signing up for the new york marathon. "i was like, 'i'm going to get through this right now,'" she said. her teammate, junior lena campagna, was ecstatic about the whole experience. "i really enjoyed training," the marketing communication major said. "it was awesome.like going for long runs on saturdays with the girls and getting ready for it." side by side with one of her good friends who ran the last six miles with her, campagna finished in around . "just crossing the finish line was probably the happiest moment of my life for two reasons," she said. "one, because you're done. two, because you're finished." she and the rest of the emerson marathoners shared similar sentiments after the race. they were excited and delirious, but unsure if they planned to run next year. however, they were happy to have spent their school day off accomplishing what less than one percent of the world population has done, and in the company of lance armstrong.
__label__non_math	1.0000	berlin city chevrolet gmc buick - new hampshire gm dealer and used gm dealer in gorham, new hampshire. we have made our site easy to navigate to provide you all the information you need to make an informed purchase of a new or pre-owned vehicle at our gorham dealership. if you're looking for a gm in gorham, or anywhere in new hampshire, stop by berlin city chevrolet gmc buick where you'll get the best price and service in the area berlin city chevrolet gmc buick stocks an incredible selection of new gm vehicles including gmc, buick and chevrolet featuring the enclave , lacrosse , verano , avalanche , cruze , impala , malibu , silverado , tahoe , and yukon . you'll find that we have a vehicle for every need, from getting around town without having to fill the gas tank, to hauling equipment or kids for a quality used gm in gorham, visit our dealership located at 545 main street, gorham, new hampshire . we have a large selection of gorham used cars, trucks, suvs and mini-vans. at berlin city chevrolet gmc buick of gorham, we offer pre-owned protection on all our berlin city certified vehicles. our certified pre-owned vehicles undergo a full 130-point inspection, a rigorous re-conditioning and a comprehensive road test. and, we warranty our pre-owned vehicles for days ,000 miles. if it breaks, we'll fix it. berlin city chevrolet gmc buick in gorham is your gm car dealer in gorham. looking for a gm certified vehicle? berlin city chevrolet gmc buick always carries a full line of gm certified used vehicles. take advantage of the gm certified used vehicle advantage that includes several warranties such as a -month ,000 mile bumper to bumper warranty, a -year 100,000-mile limited powertrain warranty, a 117-point quality assurance inspection and a vehicle history report. for a low interest rate and competitive gm car loan financing and gm lease specials, visit our finance department. the berlin city chevrolet gmc buick finance team is here to assist you through the entire vehicle loan process. start the approval process right now by filling out our secure gorham car loan application online berlin city chevrolet gmc buick's state of the art gm service facility and factory and ase-certified technicians can assist you with all your gm service needs. the berlin city chevrolet gmc buick car repair experts will correctly identify your vehicle's problem and make a repair as quickly as possible. we pledge to provide top-level, factory trained and certified technicians and competitively priced maintenance and repairs. and, all vehicles brought in for service are given a free multiple-point inspection. schedule car repair in gorham by completing our online service scheduling form. berlin city chevrolet gmc buick offers a complete inventory of gm genuine parts to repair your car, truck or suv. these authentic vehicle parts will keep your vehicle running at peak performance for many years to come. we sell, install and service fisher snowplows. we also sell and install rhino linings and have a wide selection to choose from. see one of our new gm or used gm vehicles in person by visiting our gorham dealership at 545 main street, gorham, new hampshire . give us a call at 866-795- with any questions, and check out our about berlin city gm page to find out more about berlin city chevrolet gmc buick in gorham, nh. we serve the following areas:
__label__non_math	0.9883	kuala lumpur, jan bernama -- the newly launched skim amanah rakyat 1malaysia sara 1malaysia will be managed by a special purpose vehicle spv , malaysian development holdings sdn bhd, a wholly owned subsidiary of finance ministry incorporated. kuala lumpur, jan bernama -- prime minister datuk seri najib tun razak launched the 1malaysia amanah rakyat scheme today aimed at helping those with a monthly household income of rm3,000 and below. kota baharu, jan bernama -- the kelantan people who are eligible for the bantuan rakyat 1malaysia br1m are expected to receive the payment before the chinese new year celebration on jan , international trade and industry minister datuk seri mustapa mohamed said. kuala kubu baharu, jan bernama -- the information, communications and culture ministry is targeting to get ,000 volunteers through the 1malaysia community programme. rawang, jan bernama -- the 1malaysia community, a multiracial volunteer body, will be the prime mover for programmes under the barisan nasional bn patronage. rawang, jan bernama -- the first day of the 1malaysia community programme k1m has received overwhelming response when the multi-ethnic communities visited the programme site at padang jalan kantan, hulu selangor, here friday. rawang, jan bernama -- datuk seri najib tun razak said friday a survey has cited the 1malaysia brand as being very popular now.
__label__non_math	1.0000	don t tell adams central football players that you can t go home aqain. well, actually, one thing will be different when the jets compete for a sectional football title this friday night, the f... viewing all articles tagged "paul kruger". - memorial scholarships sacred reminders to recipients - jets reach sixth straight sectional title match - south adams honors academic wall of fame inductees - first-ever million dollar scholarship night for south adams - sale of camryn industries could be a good thing, says mayor - nearly million in scholarship money passed out at ac
__label__non_math	0.9999	if you're the type of person who can't wait to get to dessert after eating dinner, why not throw a party dedicated to sweet concoctions? whether you love brownie pops or you can't get enough of chocolate mousse, think about hosting a celebration in honor of dessert set the tone with invitations just as it goes with any party, you'll want to send out invitations ahead of time to let everyone know when and where you're hosting the bash. because this party has a specific theme, msnbc states that it's best to try to and set the tone when you send out your invitations. for instance, specify that it's a dessert-only party and include a few chocolate truffles with the invite. including a sampler is a great way to get people to r.s.v.p. as soon as possible to your tasty event pick a viable time to host your bash timing is everything when it comes to hosting a chocolate party - after all, who wants to indulge in a big piece of cake around brunch or dinner time? to make sure your event is convenient for all of your guests, try to time it after the dinner hours in the evening. if you can't swing this, opt for a lazy sunday afternoon to make for a relaxing atmosphere, perfect for serving tasty treats. just remember, don't set the time too late so people will still be hungry for dinner plan a menu to make sure your dessert party is a roaring success, you'll want to create a menu that all of your guests can enjoy. try to keep it well-rounded - don't just serve three or four different types of pie. instead, mix it up with cake pops, cookies, brownies and other delectable goodies. styleathome.com also states that it's a good idea to ask your guests about any food allergies they may have before setting your menu in stone. for instance, some people may require gluten-free options while others might be allergic to peanuts. take these factors into consideration to make sure everyone has a good time at your party. serve sweet drinks your guests will want something to wash down their treats with, giving you the perfect opportunity to serve sweet drinks. consider mixed martinis that incorporate various types of liqueur and chocolate to top off your bash.
__label__non_math	1.0000	first company: dynamix web design, llc. first company summary: innovative firm with compelling web design products that reflect firm personality and extremely search engine friendly based on a simple interface that helps customers to easily grow and make changes to their web site, jeff jahn marketing, ' founded dynamix in . the firm has grown very quickly since that time, both in employees and offerings, and specializes in high end website design and marketing. specifically, the firm provides services in premium website development, intuitive content management, professional design, marketing, e-commerce solutions, and search engine work. the berry entrepreneurs website this site was designed and built using jeff's proprietary interface, nicknamed se. check it out second company: home elephant second company summary: a web site that provides neighborhoods with ways to connect to each other again since the surge of social media networking by sending out notices to one another and letting each other know what is going on in their own area. check it out
__label__non_math	0.7868	search tips bertelsmann foundation - umlauts , , are recognized. - letters are not case-sensitive - use synonyms and word variations when refreshing your search: cdrom, cd-rom. - to search for a phrase, enclose it in quotation marks: "" - use an asterisk anywhere to initiate a fuzzy search - use a question mark ? anywhere as a placeholder for any letter - if documents contain several keywords, enter them one after the other, separated by a space - use the advanced search function to further narrow your results. the basic search at the top right of the web page works the same as the search you conduct in the first line of the advanced search tab with all words . searching for one word enter all the words, separated by a space, in the basic search or in the first line of the advanced search with all words . the search function automatically links them with the logical operator and, meaning that a document from the hit list includes all of the entered words: reinhard for documents containing information about reinhard and about mohn. searching for a phrase enter all the words in the first line of the advanced search with all words and enclose them in quotation marks: reinhard mohn search for information about reinhard mohn. searching for one word only if you want the document you are searching for to contain one of the words you entered, enter the words, separated by spaces, into the second line of the advanced search one of the words . the search function automatically links them with the logical operator or, meaning that a document from the hit list includes at least one of the entered words: mohn liz for information about liz mohn and reinhard mohn using placeholders searching for variations of a termuse the placeholder anywhere in a word: foundation finds information about foundations, as well as foundation development and foundation marketing, etc. the asterisk stands for any number of characters. unfinished words must have an asterisk at the end; entering founda results in zero hits. use the question mark as a placeholder for exactly one letter: schmi?t finds information on both schmid and schmitt. both of these options can be used in a basic search and in all three lines of the advanced search. excluding a word for when you do not want the term to be included in the search results. to do this use the advanced search and enter the word that should be excluded in the third line, without the word : if you want information about foundations, but not about community foundations, enter the word foundation in the first line of the advanced search and the word community in the third line. limiting the search to one categoryif you want to limit your search to one specific category, use the advanced search and under limit search choose one of the categories from the search only in drop-down menu on the right: news, articles, downloads, publications, or projects. only one category can be selected. enter reinhard mohn in the first line on the left with all words and choose under search only in: publications; you will find information on bertelsmann stiftung publications written by reinhard mohn or in which he is featured. basic searchfound at the top of the web page; default says search term. use the basic search... in the basic search you can work only with the logical operator and see search tips advanced search to the left of the basic search at the top of the web page is the advanced search link advanced search helps you... narrow your search; sort the hit list according to certain criteria; search for several search terms.
__label__non_math	0.9945	all new and many used vehicles arrive with a warranty covering unexpected repairs. be sure to understand the duration and covered components of the warranty. a typical warranty might be written " ,000" meaning that coverage lasts either months from the initial purchase or until the vehicle has ,000 miles, whichever comes first.top depending on what is being repaired, the length of a factory warranty varies. often a comprehensive "bumper-to-bumper" warranty covers everything outside of schedule maintenance. this is generally the shortest warranty period. a usually longer powertrain warranty covers engine and transmission defects. anti-corrosion protection often lasts even longer. finally, some manufacturers offer roadside assistance for a limited time.top warranties are often transferable, meaning that a vehicle inside its mileage and duration caps will maintain its factory warranty.top by performing required service at the proper intervals and responding if something clearly goes wrong. your owner's manual explicitly lists service intervals, although cars are often equipped with "check engine" dashboard lights that signal needed maintenance.top you just need to take the vehicle in for service when the time arrives. factory-authorized technicians must perform service and any other outside maintenance can potentially void a warranty.top many warranties cover the parts and labor costs involved in fixing unexpected repairs but place the burden of expected maintenance on the customer. certain repairs may be covered by some manufacturers and not by others.top changing your engine's oil and filter is one of the most vital maintenance procedures possible. oil keeps friction down in the engine and prevents the motor from seizing up. typical intervals for new cars are between ,000 to ,000 miles.top water and antifreeze keep your engine from overheating and freezing during extreme temperatures. intervals for flushing the system and replacing coolant vary, as some manufacturers promise long lasting antifreeze good past 100,000 miles. a general timeframe would be every few years or ,000 to ,000 miles.top older vehicles required the replacement or adjustment of spark plugs much more often than new vehicles do. manufacturers today promise over 100,000 miles before a tune-up that includes changing the plugs. still, checking the plugs at ,000 to ,000 miles is not a bad idea.top the interval for changing the filter depends on the quality of filter, type of vehicle and environment in which most driving occurs. traveling on dirt roads will surely clog a filter faster than paved highways. also, local pollution can determine filter life.top again, the interval of changing a battery depends on the type of battery, type of vehicle and local climate. super cold regions may require a more powerful battery for cold starting. also, rechargeable batteries that have completely lost their charge at some point often never reach full potential again.top during scheduled maintenance it's a good idea to inspect all hoses, belts and other connections under the hood to be sure everything is in good shape and properly attached.top wipers need to be replaced, especially in climates with ice and snow. sometimes just the blade needs replacing, while other times the entire wiper unit should go. some customers may choose different types of wipers for better performance.top the type of vehicle, specific tire and driving style determine the life of a tire. many are rated to last ,000 to ,000 miles, but an aggressive style can wear out tires in ,000 miles. customers may deviate from oem specification in the interest of better looks or performance.top like tires, brake life depends heavily on driving style. lots of stressful braking will significantly shorten the life. replacement requires new pads and sometimes, new rotors.top anything required for an annual inspection can also need replacing. light bulbs, exhaust components and emission controls may require fixing.top different seasons require different types of tires. many manufacturers sell vehicles with all-season tires that are suitable for most conditions. however, if your vehicle arrived with performance summer tires you should invest in a set of snow tires for safety in the bad weather. some drivers with all-season rubber may also fit snows for added security. no tire is perfect, as extra competence in one category often means compromise in another. for example, a tire that is great in snow may be so-so on dry pavement and average in the rain. try to find reviews on a tire to determine if it meets your criteria. always be sure to maintain the proper inflation for safety, performance and longevity. buy four matching tires, for the most part. some rear-wheel-drive cars can get by with just rear snows, but front-wheel-drive cars should never have snows up front and non-snows out back. the inconsistency in grip during braking can cause the tail end to slide out of the driver's control. all-wheel-drive vehicles require four tires as well. when purchasing a set of snow tires try to pick up an extra set of wheels on which the rubber can be mounted. not having to mount dismount tires each season saves time and maximizes tire life. often your dealer will sell a reasonably priced set of steel wheel to match the snow tires. be sure your engine oil is the correct viscosity. colder climates can cause oil to thicken, demanding a thinner oil to start. check your antifreeze and be certain the proper water-to-antifreeze mixture is maintained. antifreeze testers are available at many auto parts stores. verify that your windshield wipers are operable and keep the washer fluid reservoir full. double-check hoses and belts. cold temperatures can cause rubber to shrink and crack, so be sure your hoses and belts have some flexibility left.top warranties won't cover all of the costs, as the owner often pays for scheduled service charges. use a full matching set of snow tires to maximize bite and keep grip consistent. unmatched or differently worn tires can cause an imbalance and a lose of control. performing scheduled maintenance at the recommended intervals is the key to maintaining maximum performance and promoting vehicle longevity. changing fluids, filters and components that wear out will ensure your car or truck retains optimal functionality throughout its lifetime. warranty periods and mileage limits vary according to the amount of coverage they provide. powertrain warranties often last longer than bumper-to-bumper coverage. roadside assistance and anti-corrosion are other common methods of protection. certified pre-owned vehicles often include both extended bumper-to-bumper and powertrain warranties, as well as -hour roadside assistance.
__label__non_math	0.9970	tagsbathroom bathroom accessories bathroom furniture bathroom ideas bathrooms bathroom suite bathroom suites baths central heating designer radiator diy freestanding baths heating help and advice how to radiator showers taps toilets vanity units tag archives: bathroom furniture people love those out-take tv programmes where actors and presenters make mistakes. it will be all right on the night and outtake tv are incredibly popular. something that is not popular is makeover bathroom bloopers. errors in bathroom design are continue reading do you want to bathe like beckham and shower like cher? imagine having bathroom mirrors like madonna s or furniture like fergie s? you don t need to earn a fortune to get your celebrity bathroom. like any artist all you need is continue reading create order from chaos with some storage ideas. turn bathroom carnage into bathroom calm. all it takes is a little organisation. there are people who would like to see their bathroom floor once in a while. you don t have to continue reading creating a bathroom that meets the requirements of the whole family can be a difficult task to take on and it isn t always possible to fit in everything that you need, such as a separate shower enclosure and bath. it continue reading where bathrooms are concerned some houses are better endowed than others. if you are reading this and your bathroom is small then i apologise. size, as we all know, is not important but sometimes big is better. if you watch the news, and i tend not to because it depresses me, then you will have noticed that we are currently flying through some economic turbulence. most of us have empty pockets at the moment and this is continue reading a contemporary bathroom will provide any home with a stunning feature and can even help to add extra value to your house. with careful thought and planning a contemporary bathroom can be created in any size of room, to help continue reading buying a complete bathroom suite is the ideal way to create a coordinated look to your bathroom and it s a great way for you to save money too. bathroom suites are available in a variety of styles ranging from the continue reading in a world of chaos we need organisation. i don t know if your bathroom is like mine but sometimes it looks like the proverbial bomb has hit it.
__label__non_math	1.0000	if you re crazy about the latest gadgets available in market, then opting for a full home automation could be a match well made home automation has opened door to some innovative and cutting edge toys that not only save time or make life comfortable but also give a futuristic atmosphere to your home. imagine being able to control the home lighting remotely through your smartphone or sending a message to your home lock to secure the property here are some of the coolest gadgets currently available for home automation - nest manufactured by apple alumni, this little sophisticated device is built to control the temperature of your room automatically, depending on your habits. once you are in the room, it will recognize you and adjust the temperature. nest will control the power consumption once you re out of the room, saving a lot of money. you can operate it from your smartphone, automation device or even from a laptop, using internet. - lockitron ever forgot to lock your front door? well, with this cool two button device, that will be impossible now. you can access lockitron through smartphone and it will immediately tell you if the door is locked or not. it can fit on just about any type of deadbolt and can be accessed via phone or laptop. - phillipshue controlling household lighting is not only cool, it s a money saver - irrigation caddy now, a device that will control your sprinkler systems. irrigation caddy can be connected to the comfort of your smartphone or web browser and lets you water the garden - belkin wemo switch and sensor two wallet friendly devices that cost much less than other high end home automation products. by plugging in any to the wemo switch, you can use the corresponding program to command the device when to switch on and off. wemo sensor is for controlling the lighting and timing them to switch off when to motion is detected. - smart things although not available in the market yet, this gadget pretty much promises everything, from tracking the movements of kids and pets to control household appliances. home automation is fun when you have love for the coolest gadgets. consider introducing your home to an automation system that will not only save power but fulfill your gadget geek needs by controlling every device at the click of a smartphone. call a professional miami locksmith today to turn on the latest automation devices. kyra fanbri has over years of professional locksmith and is the owner of a professional locksmith company, servicing arizona, california, florida and new york. when not leading her team of experts, fanbri can be found in the blogsphere, authoring timely and informative articles on safety, locks and safes, and other topics that display her love for her industry. fanbri welcomes input via email at: email
__label__non_math	1.0000	self-catering holiday cottages in wales get the best holiday cottages and more... holiday cottages in wales with special offers in may... escape into the beautiful landscapes of wales - europe's oldest nation. explore soaring mountain peaks, wide white beaches and glittering lakes and enjoy the sounds of the oldest living language in europe. from the front doors of our hand-picked self catering cottages, wales is your oyster. the welsh language and culture is a celebration of the nation s ,500 years of existence and endurance against overwhelming odds. it enables us to offer a truly unique experience to all guests staying at our luxury holiday cottages in wales and as a proud bilingual nation it is something that we want to share with the rest of the world. it is something that we treasure and actively encourage everyone to engage in and enjoy. there is so much to do and see whilst staying at our and star self catering cottages. we've hunted throughout the most amazing corners of this breath-taking country to bring you the very best holiday cottages in wales, in the most inspiring locations. best of wales offers truly unique and one-off self catering cottages, wales wide; from anglesey to cardiff and from snowdonia all the way to pembrokeshire. the best self catering cottages: wales on your doorstep forget tales of wet and windy winters, our holiday cottages in wales are warm, welcoming and wonderful all year round. anytime is a good time to visit our holiday cottages in wales, and now there s an extra, excellent reason: best of wales are delighted to be able to offer you the very best self catering cottages wales can provide, at the best price. we're confident you won't find our beautiful holiday cottages in wales cheaper on any other website. in fact, we're so confident, in the unlikely event you do, best of wales will happily beat their price. warm welsh welcome at the loveliest self catering cottages wales can offer if all that isn't enough, our luxurious, escapist self catering cottages, wales wide, come with a special ingredient which makes our holiday cottages in wales unique. it is called a 'croeso cynnes cymraeg', a 'warm welsh welcome', and you ll find it at whichever holiday cottages in wales you choose. our helpful quick search and advanced search features make finding your ideal holiday cottages in wales even easier. even if you re purely interested in self catering cottages with hot tubs in bala, our search tools will narrow your hunt down to the perfect properties. should you have any enquiries or questions about any of the locations, apartments or holiday cottages in wales, do not hesitate to give the knowledgeable best of wales team a call. if you can t find the ideal holiday cottages in wales you re looking for, you re more than welcome to call us and we ll hunt tirelessly to find the perfect self catering holiday cottages in wales, which will be just right for you. call today on 511 101 or email firstname.lastname and start planning your welsh getaway. best of wales holiday news our holiday cottages in wales offer a great choice across the area. if you like the countryside and or the coast we have something for everyone. machnynlleth is the ancient capital to wales and has lots to offer visitors at our holiday cottages. bird watching has become really popular. red kites are special in wales ...
__label__math	1.0000	people in irondale, alabama cost of living, the irondale, al, population is ,349. there are 713 people per square mile population density . family in irondale, al the median age is . the us median is .. . of people in irondale, al, are married. . are divorced. the average household size is .people. . of people are married, with children. . have children, but are single. race in irondale, al . of people are white, . are black, . are asian, . are native american, and . claim 'other'. . of the people in irondale, al, claim hispanic ethnicity meaning . are non-hispanic . we're looking for comments about irondale. express your opinion
__label__non_math	1.0000	at every best western, there's an independent owner who's personally invested in your stay. best western international, inc. has more than ,000 hotels in over 100 countries and territories worldwide. each of our hotels is independently owned which means there's always someone there who cares and rewards you for your loyalty. looking for a challenging and rewarding career in the hospitality industry? search available career opportunities at best western international known worldwide for providing comfortable, quality accommodations and for offering our employees a world-class working environment.search career opportunities best western international has more than ,000 hotels in over 100 countries and territories worldwide. and with our three types best western, best western plus, and best western premier it's easy to find the one that's right for your trip. discover the benefits of joining best western - we are the best value in the industry with superior marketing, training and support services to make your property more successful.learn the benefits of best western best western established its community relations program, best western for a better world , as a demonstration of our philanthropic commitment to our membership, our employees and members of the communities we serve.learn more best western international has partnered with world vision to develop a child sponsorship program that can make a difference on a large scale for children living in poverty worldwide.visit world vision
__label__non_math	1.0000	reports say a man was shot at world changers church international, where creflo dollar is the pastor. college park, ga. ap a church volunteer leading prayer was shot and killed wednesday inside the chapel of a georgia megachurch, and authorities were searching for a former church employee suspected in the shooting. the shots were fired just before a.m. at the chapel on the campus of world changers church international, which says it has ,000 followers in college park, a suburb south of atlanta. the church's prominent founder and leader, the rev. creflo dollar, was not at the church at the time of the shooting, fulton county police cpl. kay lester said. authorities identified the suspect as floyd palmer, a -year-old former facilities maintenance employee at the church. lester said palmer, who should be considered armed and dangerous, had resigned from his job at the church in august. about to people were gathered in the chapel wednesday morning, when authorities say the gunman walked in and began shooting. no other people were wounded in the shooting and the gunman fled in a black subaru station wagon with tinted windows. "he left as calmly as he came," lester said. authorities were working to determine if the suspect and the victim knew each other. investigators were interviewing witnesses inside the church. the victim was taken to the hospital, where he was pronounced dead, lester said. his name was not immediately released pending family notification. he was described only as a -year-old volunteer and member of the church. a few schools in the surrounding neighborhood were locked down temporarily immediately after the shooting. afternoon services at the church were canceled, lester said. the -year-old dollar is one of the most well-known african-american preachers based around atlanta, with a ministry of satellite churches across the u.s. on the church grounds, yellow tape surrounded one building. police were not letting people onto the campus and were gradually letting members of the ministry out. a security guard at the administrative office declined to comment as did several church employees. several church members walked over to the scene just after hearing about the shooting. "why would anyone want to hurt the church?" said adolph hanley, , of college park, who has attended the church for two years. "that's the devil's work." "it doesn't surprise me," hanley said. "people don't want the real word." bet national news - keep up to date with breaking news stories from around the nation, including headlines from the hip hop and entertainment world. click here to subscribe to our newsletter.
__label__non_math	0.9989	reps from the drug policy alliance discuss their intense fight for drug policy reforms. forty years ago, on the morning of , president richard nixon declared: america s public enemy no. in the united states is drug abuse. in order to fight and defeat this enemy, it is necessary to wage a new, all-out offensive. i have asked the congress to provide the legislative authority and the funds to fuel this kind of an offensive. this will be a worldwide offensive dealing with the problems of sources of supply, as well as americans who may be stationed abroad, wherever they are in the world. this moment is widely regarded as the unofficial launch of america s spectacularly unsuccessful and costly global war on drugs. since then, the war on drugs has cost at least trillion. the economic costs pale in comparison, though, to the human costs. more than million people have been arrested for a drug law violation. more than half a million people are currently behind bars for drugs which is more than the entire u.s. prison population in . hundreds of thousands of people have died from overdose and hiv aids because cost-effective, life-saving interventions were blocked by drug war politics. the war on drugs has also created shameful racial disparities in the american criminal justice system largely thanks to disproportionate enforcement of drug laws, one in african-american men are in prison or jail, compared to one in latino men and one in white men. the drug policy alliance dpa is the nation's leading organization promoting alternatives to the drug war that are grounded in science, compassion, health and human rights. dpa is actively involved in the legislative process and seeks to roll back the excesses of the drug war, block new, harmful initiatives and promote sensible drug policy reforms. here, i ask jag davies and tommy mcdonald of the dpa about their war on the war on drugs. even as more states legalize marijuana for medical use, the prosecutions for simple possession in were a shocking 850,000. where are these arrests coming from? they're certainly not home raids. we are at a schizophrenic moment with marijuana. on the one hand, its use is more culturally accepted than ever, and surveys show that most people think that alcohol is the more dangerous drug. over the past decade and a half, states have passed medical marijuana laws. yet, more people are getting arrested for marijuana than ever, and arrests have increased dramatically over the past decade in many places. more than 850,000 people were arrested for marijuana last year and more than out of of those were for mere low-level possession. in nyc alone last year there were more than ,000 low-level marijuana arrests. low-level marijuana possession offenses are the number-one arrest in new york city, mostly as a result of new york s racially biased stop-and-frisk policy. the nypd makes nearly a thousand arrests and jailings a week for simple marijuana possession one of every seven arrests, and nearly 350,000 marijuana possession arrests since bloomberg became mayor. at ,000 per arrest, this "marijuana arrest crusade" costs million have been used to arrest nyc residents for marijuana possession that could have legally been handled with a summons and not a criminal offense. arrests and incarceration for drugs even for first-time, low-level marijuana violations can result in debilitating collateral consequences for an individual and their family. a conviction for a drug law violation can result in the loss of employment, property, public housing, food stamp eligibility, financial aid for college and the right to vote even after serving time behind bars. how is america's "war on drugs" perceived internationally? internationally, the u.s. is seen as the incarceration capital of the world, with five percent of the world s population and percent of the world s prison population, which is fueled by the war on drugs. the u.s. has forcefully pushed prohibition around the world. we punish countries that don t follow our lead. however, the consensus is starting to crack. experiments with decriminalization in portugal and the netherlands have yielded very positive results. however, the consequences of the war on drugs have been dire in latin american countries especially for mexico, where more than ,000 people have been killed in the past four years in prohibition-related violence. on june , the global commission on drug policy released a report calling for a major paradigm shift in how our society deals with drugs, including decriminalization and legal regulation. the report sent a jolt around the world, generating thousands of international media stories. the commission is comprised of international dignitaries including kofi annan, former secretary general of the united nations; richard branson, entrepreneur, founder of the virgin group; and the former presidents of brazil, colombia, mexico and switzerland. how has the "war on drugs" been racialized? why are some drugs legal and other drugs illegal today? it s not based on any scientific assessment of the relative risks of these drugs it s based on who is associated with these drugs. the first anti-opium laws in the 1870s were directed at chinese immigrants. the first anti-cocaine laws, in the south in the early 1900s, were directed at black men. the first anti-marijuana laws, in the midwest and the southwest during the 1910s and '20s, were directed at mexican migrants and mexican-americans. artists and performers especially black jazz musicians were common targets. today, latino and black communities are still subject to wildly disproportionate drug enforcement and sentencing practices. the war on drugs is now being called the new jim crow, given its devastating impacts on communities of color. blacks and latinos disproportionately bear the brunt of the drug war. for example, four-fifths of those incarcerated in federal prisons for crack cocaine convictions are black, despite the fact that whites and latinos make up two-thirds of crack cocaine users. of the ,383 arrested for low-level marijuana possession in new york last year, percent of those arrested are black or latino even though research consistently shows that young whites use marijuana at higher rates. this is an important point that surprises most people for decades, the federal government s annual research studies have shown that blacks and whites use drugs at similar rates. drug use doesn t discriminate but drug law enforcement does. how would treating addiction as a health crisis change the way america currently deals with it, which is to criminalize it? we desperately need drug policies that move away from the criminal justice system by addressing drug overdose, addiction and misuse through a health-oriented framework. a health-centered response to drug use assesses improvement by many measures not simply by people s drug use levels, but also by their personal health, employment status, social relationships and general wellbeing. success in the criminal justice context, by contrast, boils down to the single measure of abstinence because any drug use is deemed illegal behavior. both approaches already exist in the u.s. today; the wealthy often benefit from one, while people of less means are by and large subject to the other. incarcerating individuals convicted of low-level drug law violations places huge financial costs on taxpayers. for example, it costs approximately ,000 per year, and is more effective in reducing crime and restoring communities. a study by the rand corporation found that every additional dollar invested in treatment for substance misuse saves taxpayers .in societal costs crime, violence, loss of productivity and other factors . that same study found that treatment reduces crime, recidivism and other societal costs times more effectively than law enforcement alone. portugal presents the most significant and successful example of a post-criminalization, health-centered drug policy. in , portuguese legislators decriminalized low-level drug possession and reclassified it as an administrative violation. at the heart of this policy change was the recognition that the criminalization of drug use was not justifiable and that it was actually a barrier to more effective responses to drug use. a decade later, portugal s paradigm change from a punitive approach to a health-centered one has proved enormously popular. it has not created a haven for drug tourists nor has it led to increased drug use rates, which continue to be among the lowest in the european union. rather, fatal overdose from opiates has been cut nearly in half, new hiv aids infections in people who inject drugs fell by two-thirds, the number of people in treatment increased and the number of people on opioid maintenance treatments more than doubled. portugal s paradigm shift has facilitated better uptake of prevention, treatment, harm reduction and social reintegration services and, ultimately, a more realistic approach to drug use driven by experience and evidence. the failure of u.s. stopgap measures and the success of the portuguese model challenge advocates and policymakers in the u.s. to focus on building the political will to work toward removing criminal penalties for drug use and implement instead a comprehensive and effective health-centered approach. public health interventions are wise, necessary long-term investments. they reduce the harms associated with drug use, prevent crimes against people and property and cut associated costs. how was the figure your organization claims has been spent on the war on drugs, billion, calculated? on the state and local level, more than billion. that s for a every man, woman and child in this country. these numbers are conservative estimates the real number is likely much higher. with governments defecit soaring and essential services on the chopping block, this represent a colossal waste of money. which states have you found have been the most progressive around ending the war on drugs? voters and state lawmakers are moving forward even while their federal counterparts remain paralyzed by decades of inertia and drug war rhetoric. the number and scope of state-level reforms provide evidence of diminishing public confidence in the reflexive get-tough mentality, and a growing commitment to approaches rooted in science, compassion, health and human rights. both republicans and democrats in states from kentucky to california to connecticut have led successful efforts to decriminalize marijuana, to reduce long and costly prison sentences for people who commit nonviolent drug law offenses, to increase access to sterile syringes to reduce the spread of hiv aids and to prevent fatal drug overdose.
__label__non_math	1.0000	don't have an account? sign up forgot your password? don't have an account? sign up what a knockout just into the sixth round, boxer juan manuel marquez knocked out manny pacquiao on saturday night, closing out the competitors' fourth official meeting. photo: ap photo julie jacobson bet interactive, llc, a wholly owned subsidiary of black entertainment television llc. .
__label__non_math	0.9997	ankama has just announced the release of the new frigost expansion for their hugely successful mmorpg called dofus. frigost is an entire new continent to explore for higher level players and introduces new icy versions of existing monsters as well as new monster families and hundreds of new quests which unlock as the story unfolds. nearly a century ago, frigost was a green and fertile land, where the climate was mild and temperate. promoting progress and innovation, the island had become the largest agricultural power in the world of twelve. only amakna, its rival, always threatened to supplant them to avoid this, count harebourg, genius of his time, built a machine capable of influencing the climate. fascinated by this wonderful invention, jiva, the guardian of javian, asked the count to refine the technology in order to carry out a secret mission. but the experiment was cut short and the demon djaul, who was not expected there, went into a rage. to punish the inhabitants of frigost for this affront, he froze the island in time and ordered its residents to live in a perpetual winter watch the dofus .: frigost expansion official video trailer below or go to our youtube channel and check out our dofus .: frigost playlist featuring official trailers and gameplay videos from the game how to get your beta key for the dofus .: frigost expansion: betakeygiveaway.com has managed to secure 100 beta keys for the current dofus .: frigost expansion closed beta. there s not many left, so if you want to get one please: how to redeem your frigost beta key: - beta keys can be redeemed at this link: - players should log in with the account they want to have access to the beta, then enter their beta key in the space provided and click ok.
__label__non_math	1.0000	since mid-october, the suspect or suspects have made out with ,000 by claiming they have been arrested in an accident in mexico of canada and need money, police said. the caller then has told the victims not to tell the grandchild s mother or father, police said. in two cases, the victim has deposited money in a bank account given by the caller. police say there have been five of these incidents. from the press release: based on the above incidents, police are reminding all residents to verify the identity of anyone who contacts them via telephone. obtain a telephone number from the caller, and tell the caller that you will return his or her call. do not provide bank account numbers over the phone, and do not send money to anyone you do not know. most importantly, if you feel that you have been the victim of a scam, contact police. your report to the police is oftentimes the only way that police know that such incidents are occurring. late last month, police say a scam artist dressed in a construction vest and hard hat distracted an elderly bethesda resident while his partner stole jewelry from her home.
__label__non_math	0.9885	we all want children to be happy and grow into productive, fulfilled adults, and according to parenting expert maureen healy, the secret to that success is in providing a foundation of inner confidence. with twenty years of experience as a spiritual teacher and child development expert, healy knows that confidence is never "out there" but is something to be cultivated from inside.healy literally traveled the world in search of the best practices in raising inwardly strong children and the connection between inner confidence and lasting happiness. in growing happy kids, she draws on her buddhist training, her background in child psychology, and the latest scientific research. the result is her insightful model for creating inner confidence and cultivating a sense of emotional strength that lays the foundation for children's happiest lives.anyone who touches the life of a child parents, teachers, school administrators, grandparents, clinicians will gain wise ideas and practical suggestions for nurturing a child's sense of confidence and ultimately, happiness. received for review. this was certainly a new take on the idea of promoting a healthy level of self-confidence in children though i don't necessarily agree with the practicality of all the author's profered ideas. for instance, she recommends parents help children visualize themselves as confident, etc. seriously though, if my parents had suddenly started with that when i was a child i would have wondered if they'd been abducted and replaced by hippie robots. so, yes, some of the tools are good ideas, but others are probably best to leave until children are older, or at least old enough to make educated choices. i'm all for healthy self-confidence in children and adults alike but this is really a bit too far over on the crunchy granola side for most of the population, however, the crunchy granola crowd should benefit from its ideas.
__label__non_math	1.0000	welcome to betjacks.com we are here to help you hours a day, days a week. please don't hesitate to contact us with any questions or comments you may have. you can contact us via phone, fax, or email. please mention your account name number and whether you are registered on sports, casino, poker, bingo or games when contacting our support. we try to reply all email quries within hours. also check our faqs section. founded in , betjacks is a wholly owned irish company and is headed by an experienced management team that have extensive knowledge of the online gaming industry. betjacks is partnered with some of the world's leading gaming platforms and payment providers ensuring a fun, safe and secure environment for our users.
__label__non_math	0.9995	we have thousands of costumes and accessories in stock. if you do not see something on our website, please give us a call. for example: if you are searching for a "renaissance" product, type the first part of the search word followed by an asterisk shift-, no space ,
__label__non_math	0.9998	shelley and andrew wedding date: location: atlanta, georgia ceremony: emory presbyterian church reception: fernbank museum of natural history photographer: manuel llaneras invitation: sorry, this design has been discontinued. please see our current designs here why did you choose this invitation?: the invitations we chose exemplified just what we wanted in our event. the coolness of the custom blue ink on the ivory card, with the flower motif, made the invitations look striking without looking sterile, cool while still warm. that was exactly what we were trying to achieve. wedding style: while there was no specific theme, we focused on creating an event that was elegant, while understated in some specific ways. cool and elegant in the deep south in june. the bridal gown and bridesmaid dresses featured simple, clean lines, and the cake was striking in its bold simplicity. we did not want as impressive a place as the fernbank to be detracted from by overdone details, but wanted a touch of color to keep the look of the event from seeming too monochrome and sterile. favorite details: wearing a wedding dress from coral gables that was purchased out just a couple of miles from my childhood home and custom-designed added a touch of personalization. it was a like having a piece of south florida with me throughout the night. the necklace and earrings that coordinated with the dress were designed by, and a wedding gift from, my childhood best friend and bridesmaid, melissa minton, favorite moments: the first dance photo is my favorite, and the song that we danced to, meant to be by the squirrel nut zippers, suited us perfectly. we took a risk of having the band learn a new song just for us, and it was one of the highlights of the evening for us.
__label__non_math	0.9990	tickets will be available on friday at yorkshire coast college, and at the west pier in scarborough ,or at the dalby forest drive toll booth thornton dale end on saturday. the main spectator area will still be the famous dalby woodyard, which as last year will see cars coming into view, disappearing for a short while, and then re-appearing to double the enjoyment of the spectators. there will also be another viewing area in dalby forest, known as housedale, about miles away from the woodyard, which will provide a different place to watch within dalby forest. the exciting news is that the rally is returning to cropton forest this year, and spectators will be welcomed in the area near the campsite at spiers house. the whole event is running on the saturday this year, and will see the full range of cars including historics, clubmen, brc challenge and of course the british rally championship event, the internationals. the first car will be in dalby forest at and the action will continue until around , depending on the number of entries received. cropton forest will see cars from to . spectator tickets will cost the same as last year, and pre-purchased passes with lanyards at only will allow you full access to all the different spectator venues. tickets sold on the day .each will only be valid for the forest where they were purchased. as usual, children under will be free providing they are accompanied by an adult. picture is copywright chris horner
__label__non_math	0.9458	clinical complications associated with diabetes may include the following: cardiovascular disease, in many cases, is caused by atherosclerosis - an excess build-up of plaque on the inner wall of a large blood vessel, which restricts the flow of blood. heart disease is the leading cause of diabetes-related deaths. heart disease and stroke are two to four times more common in persons with diabetes. high blood pressure affects percent of persons with diabetes. periodontal gum disease occurs with greater frequency in persons with diabetes. retinopathy or glaucoma eye disease or blindness blindness due to diabetic retinopathy is a more important cause of visual impairment in younger-onset people than in older-onset people. males with younger-onset diabetes generally develop retinopathy more rapidly than females with younger-onset diabetes. diabetes is the leading cause of blindness among adults ages to .
__label__non_math	1.0000	nate moralesno title or tagline entered industry: no industry selected experience: experience unknown no website entered follow me on i'm a pastor, husband, dad and entrepreneur all rolled into one. i'm also one of the friendliest people you'll ever meet ;- on a personal note, i grew up on the east coast just outside of washington dc. i am the oldest of six kids and the son of a preacher man my wife marcia and i have been best friends for over years and we have sons
__label__non_math	0.9923	to participate in the forum, become a betterphoto member or sign in. ub, coming from you, that is an amazing compliment. thank you. : it is with great pleasure that i offer my congratulations on your award for the month of april. merna thank you merna c o n g r a t u l a t i o n s on your very deserving 2nd place winner wtg lovette jo ann c. congratulations on this beautiful shot, louvette glad to see this win, louvette. congratz. great eye and framing thank you for joining me in this accomplishment, jo ann, barbara and usman congrats on this fantastic winner self-paced courses interactive courses
__label__math	0.5667	- better roads - - frp bridge drain pipe posted by cprewitt on in boomerang fiberglass is a corrosion resistant, high strength and lightweight material. along with these basic features, we make our frp bridge drain pipe to a specification that includes solutions to engineer s problems by creating a low maintenance, long lasting and cost effective product. fiberglass is the ideal material selection for many bridge deck drainage applications. article printed from better roads: url to article:
__label__non_math	0.9890	chunks of kielbasa with veggies in a creamy cheesy sauce, covered with cheesy bisquick biscuits. save on this recipe you can add spices such as garlic powder and italian seasoning to the kielbasa mixture to add something extra and a touch of salt to the biscuit topping is good as well, enjoy. add cheese to taste. tm general mills
__label__non_math	0.9995	geographical index united states vermont lamoille county report submitted by witness guy primo on saturday, . family discovers fresh footprints in the snow while cutting down a christmas tree show printer-friendly version county: lamoille county location details: miles south of jay peak off rt. 100 nearest town: eden nearest road: rt. 100 observed: foot prints in the snow. at least ' feet, heal to toe. something walked over a small tree that still had dead leaves on it. no leaves fell to the ground . i touched the tree and leaves fall to the ground. my hair stood on end. also noticed: my dog's hair was standing on end. she would not stop barking other witnesses: myself, wife, and two children and family dog . went into woods to cut christmas tree in ' " of fresh snow . environment: foot prints came up a ridge across the pond we were standing on and off in too a hemlock grove. in a pine forest at the end of my land no houses around for miles to the north of this pond.
__label__non_math	0.9977	dortha ruth ickes, , died oct. in custar. she was retired from banquet services at the university. barbara ketner, , died oct. in bowling green. she worked at bgsu for years, first as a secretary for basketball coach harold anderson and later in the payroll department, retiring in .
__label__non_math	1.0000	hoover area chamber of commerce is an organization made up of representatives of companies doing business in and around the city of hoover. begun in , the hoover chamber of commerce was originally located in the barbizon building on lorna road. currently, the chamber counts ,200 members throughout hoover and surrounding areas of jefferson and shelby counties. the chamber moved into new offices at the centre at riverchase shopping center at montgomery highway on . on , the members voted to add the word "area" to the name of the organization, to avoid confusion over membership requirements. external links
__label__non_math	0.9914	tuscaloosa, located at the falls of the black warrior river in west central alabama, is the the fifth-largest city in alabama with a population of ,468, and the seat of tuscaloosa county. it is named for the choctaw chieftain tuskalusa meaning black warrior , who battled and was defeated by hernando de soto in in the battle of mauvila. best known as the home of the university of alabama, tuscaloosa is also the center of industry, commerce, healthcare, and education for the region commonly known as west alabama. the area at the fall line of what would be later known as the black warrior river had long been well known to the various indian tribes whose shifting fortunes brought them to west alabama. the river shoals at tuscaloosa represented the southernmost site on the river which could be forded under most conditions. inevitably, a network of indian trails converged upon the place, the same network which, in the first years of the 19th century began to lead a few white frontiersmen to the area. the pace of white settlement increased greatly after the war of , and a small assortment of log cabins soon arose near the large creek village at the fall line of the river, which the settlers named in honor of the legendary chief tuscaloosa. in , alabama became a territory, and on , the territorial legislature incorporated the town of tuscaloosa, exactly one day before the united states congress admitted alabama to the union as a state. from to tuscaloosa was the capital of alabama. during this period, in , the university of alabama was established. the town's population and economy grew rapidly until the departure of the capital to montgomery caused a rapid decline in population. establishment of the bryce state hospital for the insane in tuscaloosa in the 1850s helped restore the city's fortunes. during the civil war following alabama's secession from the union, several thousand men from tuscaloosa fought in the confederate armies. during the last weeks of the war, a brigade of union troops raiding the city burned the campus of the university of alabama. tuscaloosa, too, suffered much damage from the battle and shared fully in the south's economic sufferings which followed the defeat. the construction of a system of locks and dams on the black warrior river by the u.s. army corps of engineers in the 1890s opened up an inexpensive link to the gulf seaport of mobile, stimulating especially the mining and metallurgical industries of the region. by the advent of the 20th century, the growth of the university of alabama and the mental health-care facilities in the city, along with strong national economy fueled a steady growth in tuscaloosa which continued unabated for 100 years. manufacturing plants of large firms such as michelin and jvc located in town during the latter half of the 20th century. however, it was the announcement of the addition of the mercedes-benz us international assembly plant in that best personified the new era of economic prosperity for tuscaloosa. geography and climate according to the u.s. census bureau, tuscaloosa has a total area of .square miles. .mi of it is land and .mi of it . is water. most of water within the city limits is in lake tuscaloosa, which is entirely in the city limits, and the black warrior river. tuscaloosa lies approximately miles southwest of birmingham, at the fall line of the black warrior river on the boundary between the appalachian highland and the gulf coastal plain approximately 120 miles upriver from its confluence with the tombigbee river in demopolis. consequently, the geography of the area around tuscaloosa is quite diverse, being hilly and forested to the northeast and low-lying and marshy to the southwest. the area experiences a typical southern subtropical climate with four distinct seasons. the gulf of mexico heavily influences the climate by supplying the region with warm, moist air. during the fall, winter and spring seasons, the interaction of this warm, moist air with cooler, drier air from the north along fronts create precipitation. notable exceptions occur during hurricane season where storms may move from due south to due north or even from east to west during land-falling hurricanes. the interaction between low- and high-pressure air masses is most pronounced during the severe weather seasons in the spring and fall. during the summer, the jet streams flows well to the north of the southeastern u.s., and most precipitation is consequently convectional, that is, caused by the warm surface heating the air above. winter lasts from mid-december to late-february; temperatures range from the mid-20s to the mid-50s. on average, the low temperature falls at freezing or below about days a year. while rain is abundant an average .in. per month from dec.-feb. , measurable snowfall is rare; the average annual snowfall is about .inches. spring usually lasts from late-february to mid-may; temperatures range from the mid-50s to the low-80s and monthly rainfall amounts average about .in. 128 mm per month. summers last from mid-may to mid-september; temperatures range from the upper-60s to the mid-90s, with temperatures above 100 f not uncommon, and average rainfall dip slightly to .in. per month. autumn, which spans from mid-september to early-december, tends to be similar to spring terms of temperature and precipitation. as of the census of there were ,906 people, ,381 households, and ,945 families residing in the city. the population density was ,385. mi . there were ,857 housing units at an average density of 619. mi . the racial makeup of the city was white and black or african american. . of the population were hispanic or latino of any race. there were ,381 households out of which . had children under the age of living with them, . were married couples living together, . had a female householder with no husband present, and . were non-families. . of all households were made up of individuals and . had someone living alone who was years of age or older. the average household size was .and the average family size was .. in the city the population was spread out with . under the age of , . from to , . from to , . from to , and . who were years of age or older. the median age was years. for every 100 females there were .males. for every 100 females age and over, there were .males. the median income for a household in the city was ,753. males had a median income of ,507 for females. the per capita income for the city was ,129. about . of families and . of the population were below the poverty line, including . of those under age and . of those age or over. government and politics tuscaloosa has a strong-mayor variant, mayor-council form of government, led by a mayor and a seven-member city council. the mayor is elected by the city at-large and serves four-year terms. council members are elected to single-member districts every four years as well. neither the mayor nor the members of the city council is term-limited. all elected offices are nonpartisan. the mayor administers the day-to-day operations of the city, including overseeing the various city departments, over whom he has hiring and firing power. the mayor also acts as ambassador of the city. the mayor sits in city council meetings and has a tie-breaking vote. the current mayor of tuscaloosa is walter maddox, who was elected to office is september . prior to maddox, alvin a. dupont had served as mayor for years. the city council is a legislative body that considers policy and passes law. the council also passes the budget for mayoral approval. any resolution passed by the council is binding law. the majority of work in the council is done by committee, a usually consisting of a chairman, two other council members, and relevant non-voting city employees. tuscaloosa, as the largest county seat in western alabama, serves a hub of state and federal government agencies. in addition to the customary offices associated with the county courthouse, namely two district court judges, six circuit court judges, the district attorney and the public defender, several alabama state government agencies have regional offices in tuscaloosa, such as the alabama department of transportation and the alabama state troopers. also, several federal agencies operate bureaus out of the federal courthouse in tuscaloosa. tuscaloosa is located partially in both the 6th and 7th congressional districts, which are represented by spencer bachus and artur davis respectively. on the state level, the city is split among the 5th, 21st, and 24th senate districts and 62nd, 63rd, and 70th house districts in the alabama state legislature. despite its image as a college town, tuscaloosa boasts a diversified economy based on all sectors of manufacturing and service. of the labor force in the tuscaloosa metropolitan statistical area is employed by the federal, state, and local government agencies. . is employed in manufacturing; . in retail trade and transportation; . in finance, information, and private enterprise; . in mining and construction; and . in hospitality. education and healthcare account for only . of the area workforce with the remainder employed in other services. the city's industrial base includes elk corporation of alabama, nucor steel tuscaloosa, bf goodrich tire manufacturing, jvc america, phifer incorporated, gulf states paper corporation, and the mercedes-benz u.s. international, inc., assembly plant. health-care and education serve as the cornerstone of tuscaloosa's service sector, which includes the university of alabama, dch regional medical center, bryce state mental hospital, the william d. partlow developmental center, and the tuscaloosa va medical center. the university of alabama is the dominant institution of higher learning. enrolling approximately ,000 students, ua has been a part of tuscaloosa's identity since it opened its doors in . stillman college, which opened in , is a historically black liberal arts college which enrolls approximately ,200 students. additionally, shelton state community college, one of the largest in alabama, is located in the city. the school enrolls ,000 students from all backgrounds and income levels. the tuscaloosa city school system serves the city. it is overseen by the board of education, which is composed of eight members elected by district and a chairman is elected by a citywide vote. operating with a ,313 per pupil, the 19th highest amount of the 120 school systems in the state. tuscaloosa is home to a variety of cultural sites and events reflective of its historical and modern role in alabama and the southeast in general. many of these cultural events are sponsored by the university of alabama. numerous performing arts groups and facilities, historical sites, and museums dedicated to subjects as varying as american art and collegiate football dot the city. during football season the area known as "the strip" pulsates with students, alumni, locals and visitors. the tuscaloosa public library is a city county agency with nearly 200,000 items on catalog. ,857 registered patrons use the library on a regular basis roughly of the population of the county. there are currently with three branches: the main branch on jack warner parkway, the weaver-bolden branch, and the brown branch in taylorville. most of the museums in tuscaloosa are found downtown or on the campus of the university. downtown is the home of children s hands-on museum of tuscaloosa and the murphy african-american museum. the alabama museum of natural history and the paul bryant museum are located on the university campus. the westervelt-warner museum of american art is located in northern tuscaloosa at jack warner's northriver yacht club. moundville archaeological park and the jones archaeological museum are located miles south of tuscaloosa in moundville. the university alabama also currently fields championship caliber teams in football, men's baseball, men's and women's basketball, women's gymnastics, and women's softball. these teams play in athletics facilities on the university campus, including bryant-denny stadium, coleman coliseum, sewell-thomas baseball stadium, alabama softball complex, and the ol' colony golf complex. stillman college fields teams in football, basketball, and other sports. in the past decade, stillman has gone through a renaissance of renovations, including a new football stadium. shelton state fields men's and women's basketball, baseball, and softball teams, each with on-campus facilities. tuscaloosa is part of the birmingham-tuscaloosa-anniston television market, which is the 40th largest in the nation. all major networks have a presence in the market. wbma-lp is the abc affiliate, wiat-tv is the cbs affiliate, wbrc is the fox affiliate, wvtm-tv is the nbc affiliate, wbiq is the pbs affiliate, wtto is the cw affiliate, and wabm is the mynetworktv affiliate. additionally, wvua-ca, an independent station, is operated by the university of alabama. health and medicine dch regional medical center is the main medical facility in tuscaloosa. other major medical centers in tuscaloosa include the 702-bed va medical center and the 422-bed bryce state mental hospital. the city lies at the intersection of u.s. highway , u.s. highway , and u.s. highway , alabama state route , alabama state route 215, and alabama state route 216 and the duplexed conjoined i-and i-. interstate 359 spurs off from i- i-and heads northward, ending just shy of the black warrior river in downtown tuscaloosa. tuscaloosa is served by the tuscaloosa transit authority which operates the tuscaloosa trolley system. the tuscaloosa regional airport, is located on the north side of the black warrior river west of downtown northport. barge traffic routinely transports goods along the black warrior river from birmingham and tuscaloosa to the alabama state docks at mobile, on the coast of the gulf of mexico. via the tennessee-tombigbee waterway, the city is connected to the ohio river valley. "tuscaloosa, alabama." wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. april , utc . accessed april .
__label__non_math	1.0000	see where you've been quickly and easily find items you've viewed. recipes, decorating ideas, gardening tips and more will all appear right here save your favorites quick and easy way to save and access decorating ideas, recipes, gardening tips - all in one spot
__label__non_math	1.0000	special offer: - limited time only the ad below will not display on your printed page . in a large saucepan or -quart dutch oven cook sweet pepper and onion in hot oil until tender; stir in cornstarch. add undrained tomatoes and tomato juice all at once. cook and stir until bubbly; add okra. bring mixture to boiling; reduce heat. cover; simmer for minutes. . stir in shrimp, crab-flavored fish, uncooked rice, and water. return mixture to boiling. remove from heat. cover and let stand about minutes or until rice is tender, stirring occasionally.
__label__non_math	0.9992	destined to be chosen as an ideal take-along optic for anyone traveling light - the monovid 8x20 monocular from leica will delight all-sorts of viewing enthusiasts with style, elegance, and a remarkable level of optical performance. sporting .0x magnification, the monovid's optical system features a high-grade roof prism, aquadura lens coatings, and nitrogen purging for clarity in any climate - it's fully fogproof and submersible to a depth of .m '. depending upon your point of view - the monovid can be used as a mini-telescope, a binocular, or a macroscope. its light, small, stealthy, and quite luxurious - whether you're scoping a performer on stage, glassing the treeline for the lord god bird, or investigating the intricate subtleties of a nautilus shell - you'll be glad you didn't leave home without it. inside the monovid's elegant leather carry case there's a special pocket for a very special attachment - the close-up lens. installing this accessory onto the monocular allows viewers to achieve 8x magnification at distances as close as ." cm - this macro-effect viewing is excellent for observing the finest details that are often impossible to see through larger optics. this is the 'red edition' of the classic 8x20 monovid - it's ideal for classy and classic venues, concerts, and cultural events. the elegant red nappa leather armoring offers a sporty yet refined appearance and a particularly comfortable grip. monovid 8x20 monocular red carry case with belt loop close focus lens leica lifetime warranty
__label__non_math	0.9997	this item qualifies for free shipping in the contiguous united states. the free shipping offer excludes used or refurbished products as well as additional items in your order which do not qualify for free shipping. you may opt to purchase enhanced shipping options such as ups ground or other expedited delivery methods during the checkout process. to calculate additional shipping method costs click here. b h will ship your order in the most cost effective method.
__label__non_math	0.9285	the black with yellow accenting streak shoulder bag from ruggard is an affordable and very functional way to carry around your mirrorless camera. this is a bag that not only offers style and functionality but lightweight portability and ease of use. the bag is made from a durable 210d oxford nylon and supported by a smooth flannelette lining that will not mar the fine finish of your camera. the contrasting black and yellow colors and bold ruggard logo set the bag apart from similar sized bags. when you examine the storage capabilities of this bag, you will be surprised at how much this relatively small bag can hold. the main compartment is spacious and includes a movable touch fastened divider to configure the interior to suit your gear needs. this compartment is also slightly height expandable to accommodate a larger piece of gear. there are front and rear exterior zippered pockets. the front pocket contains two additional slash pockets for small accessories. within this pocket there is also a very handy touch fastened pocket large enough to hold a small memory card. the rear zippered pocket is slightly larger and can hold a map, manual, cable or battery. the side of the bag contains a rapid access airline pull-out mesh pocket for an item such as your phone. access to the bag's main compartment is via two zippers with long pull tabs. these tabs will make it much easier to unzip the bag when you are wearing gloves. carrying the streak is comfortable with its fixed, adjustable ." wide nylon strap. at only .oz 294.g , you'll hardly know the bag is on your shoulder. for a final protective touch, the bag includes two cleverly designed rubber feet that will protect the bag against ground contact. the streak is backed by a one-year limited warranty from ruggard. exterior: 210d oxford nylon interior: smooth flannelette .x .x ." .x .x .cm main compartment expands in height to ." .cm
__label__non_math	0.9999	some people were even bringing infants to him so he might touch them, but when the disciples saw it, they rebuked them. jesus, however, invited them: "let the little children come to me, and don't stop them, because the kingdom of god belongs to such as these. i assure you: whoever does not welcome the kingdom of god like a little child will never enter it." a ruler asked him, "good teacher, what must i do to inherit eternal life?" "why do you call me good?" jesus asked him. "no one is good but one-god. you know the commandments: do not commit adultery; do not murder; do not steal; do not bear false witness; honor your father and mother. " "i have kept all these from my youth," he said. when jesus heard this, he told him, "you still lack one thing: sell all that you have and distribute it to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven. then come, follow me." after he heard this, he became extremely sad, because he was very rich. seeing that he became sad, jesus said, "how hard it is for those who have wealth to enter the kingdom of god for it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich person to enter the kingdom of god." those who heard this asked, "then who can be saved?" he replied, "what is impossible with men is possible with god." then peter said, "look, we have left what we had and followed you." so he said to them, "i assure you: there is no one who has left a house, wife or brothers, parents or children because of the kingdom of god, who will not receive many times more at this time, and eternal life in the age to come." then he took the twelve aside and told them, "listen for he will be handed over to the gentiles, and he will be mocked, insulted, spit on; and after they flog him, they will kill him, and he will rise on the third day." they understood none of these things. this saying was hidden from them, and they did not grasp what was said. as he drew near jericho, a blind man was sitting by the road begging. hearing a crowd passing by, he inquired what this meant. "jesus the nazarene is passing by," they told him. so he called out, "jesus, son of david, have mercy on me then those in front told him to keep quiet, but he kept crying out all the more, "son of david, have mercy on me jesus stopped and commanded that he be brought to him. when he drew near, he asked him, "what do you want me to do for you?" "lord," he said, "i want to see "receive your sight instantly he could see, and he began to follow him, glorifying god. all the people, when they saw it, gave praise to god. he entered jericho and was passing through. there was a man named zacchaeus who was a chief tax collector, and he was rich. he was trying to see who jesus was, but he was not able because of the crowd, since he was a short man. so running ahead, he climbed up a sycamore tree to see jesus, since he was about to pass that way. when jesus came to the place, he looked up and said to him, "zacchaeus, hurry and come down, because today i must stay at your house." so he quickly came down and welcomed him joyfully. all who saw it began to complain, "he's gone to lodge with a sinful man but zacchaeus stood there and said to the lord, "look, i'll give half of my possessions to the poor, lord "today salvation has come to this house," jesus told him, "because he too is a son of abraham. for the son of man has come to seek and to save the lost." as they were listening to this, he went on to tell a parable because he was near jerusalem, and they thought the kingdom of god was going to appear right away. therefore he said: "a nobleman traveled to a far country to receive for himself authority to be king and then return. he called of his slaves, gave them minas, and told them, 'engage in business until i come back.' "but his subjects hated him and sent a delegation after him, saying, 'we don't want this man to rule over us "at his return, having received the authority to be king, he summoned those slaves he had given the money to so he could find out how much they had made in business. the first came forward and said, 'master, your mina has earned more minas.' " 'well done, good slave "the second came and said, 'master, your mina has made five minas.' "so he said to him, 'you will be over five towns.' "and another came and said, 'master, here is your mina. i have kept it hidden away in a cloth because i was afraid of you, for you're a tough man: you collect what you didn't deposit and reap what you didn't sow.' "he told him, 'i will judge you by what you have said, you evil slave why didn't you put my money in the bank? and when i returned, i would have collected it with interest so he said to those standing there, 'take the mina away from him and give it to the one who has minas.' "but they said to him, 'master, he has minas.' " 'i tell you, that to everyone who has, more will be given; and from the one who does not have, even what he does have will be taken away. but bring here these enemies of mine, who did not want me to rule over them, and slaughter them in my presence.' " when he had said these things, he went on ahead, going up to jerusalem. as he approached bethphage and bethany, at the place called the mount of olives, he sent two of the disciples and said, "go into the village ahead of you. as you enter it, you will find a young donkey tied there, on which no one has ever sat. untie it and bring it here. if anyone asks you, 'why are you untying it?' say this: 'the lord needs it.' " so those who were sent left and found it just as he had told them. as they were untying the young donkey, its owners said to them, "why are you untying the donkey?" "the lord needs it," they said. then they brought it to jesus, and after throwing their robes on the donkey, they helped jesus get on it. as he was going along, they were spreading their robes on the road. now he came near the path down the mount of olives, and the whole crowd of the disciples began to praise god joyfully with a loud voice for all the miracles they had seen: blessed is the king who comes in the name of the lord. peace in heaven and glory in the highest heaven some of the pharisees from the crowd told him, "teacher, rebuke your disciples." he answered, "i tell you, if they were to keep silent, the stones would cry out as he approached and saw the city, he wept over it, saying, "if you knew this day what would bring peace-but now it is hidden from your eyes. for the days will come on you when your enemies will build an embankment against you, surround you, and hem you in on every side. they will crush you and your children within you to the ground, and they will not leave one stone on another in you, because you did not recognize the time of your visitation." he went into the temple complex and began to throw out those who were selling, and he said, "it is written, my house will be a house of prayer, but you have made it a den of thieves every day he was teaching in the temple complex. the chief priests, the scribes, and the leaders of the people were looking for a way to destroy him, but they could not find a way to do it, because all the people were captivated by what they heard.
__label__non_math	0.9037	popup copy window and context tab tweaks the popup copy window is now more flexible and handles input such as joh -, , : in addition, the context tab now has an option to remove morphology codes from the context word lists. this produces sorted lists of lemmas occurring in the specified contexts, rather than inflected forms. this provides more useful information about word usage in the various contexts. this option is on by default. an option on the context tab word list context menus permits you to revert to the previous configuration. to try it out, download the latest program update in bibleworks using
__label__non_math	1.0000	has been australasia's leading specialist search service for out-of-print, collectable and rare books for almost years. it is a family-owned company based in the historic township of bowral, between sydney and the australian capital city canberra. biblioquest also owns and operates the websites biblioz.com the book search wizard skippypost - an economy parcel post service for international deliveries australian business number: 109 499 265 established and registered in the state of new south wales, australia. the name "biblioquest international" and associated graphical devices is a registered trademark no. issued under the trademarks act main business location:: biblioquest international pty ltd suites , 2a walker street freecall 067 877 mon to fri to aest international: fax: international: website url:
__label__non_math	0.9999	actual book image book id: - stocked in australia l. n. fowler, essex, . revised first thus. softcover. very good condition no dust jacket. previous... more can't find what you are looking for? please click here to give us feedback on the biblioz.com website. price in other currencies may vary due to rate changes
__label__non_math	0.9987	interview: jenny macpherson - by rowena scott - published: october at years old, jenny mcpherson, prime estate women s road cycling team has two victorian road race titles and , and two victorian state criterium titles, as well as long list of other state, national and international results. mcpherson has shown what it takes to be at the top level of cycling in australia. what drives this still young and competitive racer? jenny mcpherson has had many winning performances throughout her career. her two victorian road race titles stand out in her impressive lists of results. rc of bicycles network australia bna speaks to jenny mcpherson. bna: can you introduce yourself? mcpherson: hi, i m jenny mcpherson. i live in melbourne and i m 33yrs old. i bought my first road bike in , it was a red kennedy , made by john kennedy in black rock, melbourne. i started riding as cross-training for rowing and after winning my first road race in , i was hooked in i went to the athens paralympics as a tandom pilot, which lead to becoming a member of the australian women s road cycling team from until . since returning to full time work as event coordinator for bicycle victoria at the end of , i have continued to race at a national level with locally sponsored women s teams, and currently riding with the prime estate women s road cycling team. bna: what kind of rider is jenny macpherson? mcpherson: i love to sprint bna: how long have you been competing in the sport of cycling? mcpherson: i have been racing since . i have raced in all states of australia, except northern territory. i ve also raced in new zealand wellington , usa pennsylvania , france, holland, england, wales, germany, italy, sweden, belgium, austria, and san marino bna: what inspired you to get into the sport of cycling? mcpherson: as like many cyclists, i came from another sport. i was a rower for six years and we did a little cycling as cross training i was national u19 champion in the women s youth eight . i found i could easily keep up with the guys when on bunch rides, and always tested well on bike fitness tests. i loved the fact that you could be out exercising, travelling out and around some beautiful regions and enjoy a chat and a coffee at the beginning, during and or at the end of the ride bna: some women may find cycling and racing daunting .not you? mcpherson: i did at the beginning for sure then when i went and raced in europe for the first time, it was like i was learning to race all over again. it is a whole different culture and the depth of experience of these women had was extremely intimidating. even after three seasons of racing there, i never really felt that comfortable racing on such narrow roads in a bunch of 150 women fighting to get to the front bna: congratulations on some great results over the last few years including the victorian open road championships. mcpherson: thank you bna: your career as a professional cyclist has taken you to the peaks of cycling in australia. what are some of your favourite races? mcpherson: being a crit fan, obviously the jayco bay criterium series is the highlight of the summer season in australia each year. in , it will be my 10th appearance in the event. winning a stage in , is one of my career highlights. i ve raced the women s giro de donne in italy, allowing me to see lots of interesting parts of italy, the same for the tour de l aude in south east of france. racing on roads previously used in the tour de france the painted names still on the roads was a huge buzz. back on home soil, some local favourites are the melbourne to ballarat handicap, preston mountain classic, and they used to have a women s criterium series as part of the tour down under and was guttered when it got dropped from the calendar as a result of the men s event getting pro tour status. especially because i had won it three times in a row bna: what races would you like to race in europe if given the opportunity? mcpherson: i never got to race any of the big usa canada races, especially because there is such a popular criterium culture there. bna: how do you look back on your career, low lights and highlights? mcpherson: highlights are the places i ve travelled to, enjoying the italian way of life whilst being with the aussie cycling team, winning my first victorian road race title in then having a year drought before winning it again in and competing at the athens paralympics. representing australia had been my dream since primary school. when i pulled on the australian jersey for the first time, i was so proud. i d made many sacrifices in making my dream come true and it will be a treasured memory for the rest of my life. low lights would have been when i made the long team for the world road cycling championships in and i turned down the opportunity. i knew that i was so over-cooked by training and racing, that i wouldn t have been any use to the team. also the tragic accident involving my team mates in germany, causing the death of amy gillett. i was injured at the time and therefore wasn t with the team that fateful day. i felt relieved that i wasn t there, but guilty about it at the same time. it was a very sad time in australian cycling history. bna: what performance achievement you are the most proud of? mcpherson: 5th place at the wellington world cup in , finishing with some of the worlds best sprinters was surreal. it also resulted in me being awarded a scholarship with the australian institute of sport, and launching pad to racing in europe. bna: you re racing the lake tapuo cycling challenge in new zealand with the prime estate women s team, who s in the team? mcpherson: nicole whitburn, irene digenis, rebecca loche and naomi williams bna: what s your role on the team? mcpherson: sprinter and or lead out rider for nicole. we both try and help each other out. bna: have you looked at the profile of the route, with quite a few climbs, what do you think of the route and what sort of rider do you think it will suit? mcpherson: i haven t looked at the race route yet, but i rode the 160km cycle challenge in . so from what i remember, yes it was quite hilly except for the last bit bna: with a strong international field, what do you think of your chances of taking the race out? mcpherson: we have a strong team, so we will look to always have one of the prime estate girls in the move or making the move. the team had pretty good success last year, so we will be keen to continue these results bna: how much training do you get -what is your average training week like? is it all on the bike or do you spend time in the gym? mcpherson: i ll ride to and from work which is about 25km round trip. during the week i ll do maybe bunch rides which are usually -2hrs long, and then a longer ride or race -3hrs on a saturday and or sunday. i don t do any other training, i used to do a lot of stretching and yoga, but i m too lazy to do that now bna: speaking of the technical side of riding, what are your strengths? mcpherson: sprinting.. i m 178cm tall and 70kg, so i have a big advantage when it comes to powering down on the pedals bna: how does your racing schedule looks like for the rest of the season? mcpherson: i don t really look too far ahead these days. i just try and fit in a race or two when i can. i m definitely looking forward to the warmer weather and the crit s starting up again. bna: women s cycling gets the most coverage when run jointly with men s races what do you think needs to happen within cycling to increase the attention in women s racing? mcpherson: reduce the barriers of having to race with intimidating, powerful and aggressive men just the fact that there is a women s category will help. if the event organisers can support women at a club level, then this will help grow the depth and numbers of women cycling. bna: sometimes the depth of talent in women s cycling is questioned what s your take on it? mcpherson: i agree, there isn t much depth in women s cycling if that s what you mean? there are less women racing, so the competition level doesn t progress or improve as much as it does for the men. bna: often cyclists, we don t like talking about crashes but i have to ask, have you had any crashes in your career? mcpherson: yes, i ve had my fair share of stacks. i ve had plenty of skin taken off and stitches, but luckily nothing broken. touch wood bna: tell us about your interests and pursuits outside of competitive cycling . mcpherson: i enjoy going to the movies, catching up with friends for coffee, reading, i studied sports journalism when i was a full-time cyclist and next year i plan to do extra study in marketing. i love going camping and holidays without the bike thank you very much for your time and good luck in new zealand.
__label__non_math	0.9320	individual and team tt posts page of looking at doing some itt's sooner rather than later and well .. i need a bike, currently i only have flat bar road bike which obviously isn't suitable. i am interested in advice on minimum spec component wise, ie. should i look at nothing less than a 105 groupset as some people have told me or is tiagra sora level components okay for a beginner? i am looking at spending or less, at that price am i better off getting a decent second hand bike over something like a giant defy new? any help is appreciated look for second hand, you can get a lot for . check tritrade section, as a lot of bikes come up there. also your states triathlon body may have a for sale section on their website. in my opinion the spec of the drivetrain is the least important part. look for a front end low enough to put clip on aerobars on in a low position. funnily enough your flat bar with aerobars could have less drag than a drop bar, since the drops are extra unnecessary tube length. aerobars slammed as low as they'll go on my frame have given me a km h speed and comfort boost over low drops, so don't fuss about irrelevant stuff like fancy pants derailers and brifters, they just look pretty, weigh a bit less and last longer. if you were doing criterium racing or a very large volume of training those bits would be more important. your body's drag is the biggest obstacle to tt speed. another odd thing is that a spindly steel frame could have less drag than a basic "aero" aluminium frame made of large slightly ovalised tubing. shape is important but so is cross section. the spindly steel frame is probably going to flex like buggery though and any negligable aero benefit is going to be more than lost by the flex? can you explain how flex in an elastic medium become a loss? it just feels unpleasant. it worked for generations of cyclists, including sprinters, so i think you'll be fine while spinning at constant power in a tt low torque . plenty of weight weenies are putting up with wet noodle forks and frames. no i can't really but i'll try anyway my p2c when placed on the magtrainer is heaps stiffer than my alloy carbon framed azzurri. if i look down at the bb on the azzurri i can see it moving from side to side with the pedal stroke where the cervelo doesn't move. i can run a higher cadence for the same resistance on the cervelo because more of the energy put into the pedals is transferred to the rear wheel, not wasted displacing the frame from side to side. as far as flex working for generations of cyclists, they used what they could get their hands on. now that they are available, they are after stiffer frames. don't see too many spindly tt frames being developed. a swinging pendulum moves from side to side, the motion isn't a loss. now that's by no means proof that frame flex isn't detrimental, but it does prove that there's more to consider than just displacement. these days nothing except carbon is developed because it's desirable. how many people are gonna buy a new bike that looks like it's from ? have you seen graham obree's latest hour record bike? it's not proof of anything, after all the hour attempt has been cancelled, but you might find it at odds with current fashion. ... gain- no it's not a loss but it is energy that is not transferred to the rear wheel. probably not a big difference percentage wise and it's probably not going to make a difference for someone just starting out i guess. yep that bike of graeme o'brees does look spindly compared to current bikes, pretty hard to make a custom carbon bike yourself though. nice low position on the bike, pretty flexible, especially for a year old posts page of who is online users browsing this forum: no registered users
__label__non_math	0.9954	the foundations for successful riding posts page of i did the bike portion of the 'hell of the west' today, and it gave me a lot of motivation at having a real go at improving my endurance on the bike i went out hard and bonked massively with 10k to go the watched as half the field passed me as seen in the performance graph here but i have also signed up for a 10k race in a month and would like to still be able to train for that. i was watching the real good guys today and they are freaks, how do they get so strong on the bike and run? can it be done or would it be a half hearted attempt at both. why not? thousands of triathletes and ironman athletes manage it and swimming as well . cycle touring blog and tour journals: whispering wheels... what would that training program look like s:morning:long ride afternoon:run your best bet would probably be to join a triathlon club. cycle touring blog and tour journals: whispering wheels... depends what you mean by good. put an elite triathlete against an elite cyclist and an elite runner and they would have no chance. no triathlete is going to do sub or mins for 10km which the best elite runners do. for the average joe it's pretty hard to get good at both unless you have a lot of time for training. edited to say: your programme is a good start, though if you are more of a cyclist than runner then you should aim for more running. time a week and mix up the sessions - speed, hills, long run, tempo. i've been thinking about what you wrote all afternoon, 'what do you consider good' i really don't know, i guess being competitive against other amateurs in my age group. i'm pretty realistic i'm never gonna make a profession out of it no matter how much i train. but i love running as well as cycling and wouldn't mind doing one or two events this year. however i also wouldn't mind starting racing cycling and would like to eventually be competitive doing that. i used to be able to run at about min kms for -10k. not overly quick, but ok. i'm far from the quickest club cyclist too but can keep up with 33kmh club rides, taking my turn on the front etc. better training in both disciplines would make a lot of difference. the main issue i found apart from finding time for both is to keep up a good stretching routine. i got knee issues pretty quickly and stretching was the answer... sure can...but, as a previous poster said any triathlete multisporter competing in an event beside a single sport athlete of similar ability isn't going to come close. just splitting the amount of available time and energy you have between the disciplines means the physiological changes for each discipline happen more slowly and less successfully. most triathletes i know train twice daily to try and fit in enough of each to make some improvement. if you can fit in run sessions per week in addition to your current riding you'll start to go ok. spend months running really easy slowly building up your weeks mileage increase about - every 3rd week or so then perhaps an interval run, a threshold run and a long easy run each week should see you running well. didn't alastair brownlee do the run at the olympics in .? pretty impressive run for 10kms after .15h of swimming and cycling. i reckon he'd be competitive with the elites. agree with others though...if you can fit in runs per week, you'll be doing ok. personally i've found that running has helped my cycling as i'm guessing my legs are stronger or they are so happy i'm not using them to run so are celebrating . id have to say no, back when i was -weeks before i won a bronze in the vic states for tt i was at the wang track doing training.the track is a 590 meter and the old man said to jump off the bike take off the shoes and go for a run around the track as a cool down. well i got about 200 meters into it and stopped as i could not go any more. ive never been a runner and have always thought the running is good for your riding but riding will do nothing for your running. well i reckon that's fine - if you just want to get out and have a go then you'll do just fine. just remember you'll be competing against runners who may be training any where from -160km a week. finding time is the hardest and if you are training hard for both disciplines then be prepared to be constantly tired brownlee is a great runner but the worlds best kenyans would smoke him. plus there was a lot of discussion of how accurately measured the course was. you sure can do both and be fine at running a 10km race. you're only racing against yourself...right? i you want to break mins then you have no chance. but if you want to cross the line feeling strong then i wouldn't worry too much. i used to train as a triathlete but in the last months have not run at all. only cycled. i did a triathlon on sunday and ran a min 5km. now i have a pretty good running background best 5km , best marathon but it shows that you can do both. i have found that riding has not had much of an impact on my running as i would of expected. if i was you, i wouldn't run more than times per week and cut out the sat ride and run. that sort of day is far harder than it looks. you don't need to teach your body to be able to run off a ride. do all your running with as fresh as legs as possible i.e after a rest day or after an easy day on the bike at least until you have more miles in your legs. tend to agree with you, there bardygrub. cycling won't help you as a runner. so i also don't think the two are mutually inclusive sports. op- you'll could be good at one or the other. depends of course, what your definition of good is. already pointed this one out about running for cycling- historically, but it still holds, whenever... running on hard surfaces was never recommended, due to damage of joints etc... was to go to the beach, and run up sand hills, less stressful, and expands your breathing, and builds power, and strength for explosive efforts. some training hints, and just my 2c. lone rider- i rode on the long, dark road... before i danced under the lights. cycling won't do anything for your sprint running, but... i used to run a bit, had a course, about km, did it continually for years, always did it in 1h or so. my best time was 1h . i didn't do it for a couple of years whilst i got pretty good at cycling. then i went out and did it one time, and did it in minutes. cycling does improve your fitness, to a quite remarkable degree. getting to a higher level in cycling will improve your performance at any endurance activity. well i would say i am a tonne fitter than i was this time last year. my last fitness test in feb for the army i ran the .4km in sub 9min. i decided to stop doing any running training around that time too. i wanted to just do more riding and focus on getting better on the bike my fitness test this year for the army, completed the .4km in over 11mins. so i added an additional and a bit minutes almost and i am fitter and stronger than last year. so as mentioned, cycling will not help running. i think i love riding too much to cut down the volume, at this stage i am thinking of doing about or so hours a week on the bike and then tryin to squeeze in or runs just my cents i agree with most above and it all depends on your definition of good. i've never been any good at running or any kind of cardio "stuff" but about years ago being a little overweight , i picked up a road bike. have progressively gone fitter over the years and have worked my way through the club masters events to higher grades. i don't run ever my first ever run was on the i didn't back off on my cycling. -solid hard rides a week i enjoy riding too much and wasnt really focused on running. i just wanted to have a crack at c2s i ran approx once a week ramping up the speed and distance in the lead up to city to surf. looking at my strava - total of about runs did c2s on in 65minutes from the yellow group second last group to go for some this might be average or slow... but for me i was stoked. i was aiming to hit 75min mindset on the day with a gazillion people running to chase def helped too. so i disagree with cycling does not help with running. in my situation cycling was a huge, huge as per rogans comment : pain is weakness leaving your body cycling helps running for sure, it keeps your lungs and heart in good order. but cycling doesn't condition your legs for the impact of running. that's the big thing with running, for me anyway. i briefly flirted with running last year, starting with no base at all doing 2km runs and getting up to -8km runs before i threw the towel in. when i first started running, it hurt - i'd never get gassed but my legs did not enjoy it at all. after a few weeks it stopped hurting, and i started having a bit of fun with it and challenging myself. i stopped running for the reason outlined by everyone else - time. i'm a far better cyclist than i am runner and while i enjoyed running, i enjoy cycling a fair bit more. also i've had a bit of a history with knee issues, running seemed to be tempting fate a little bit. i'm so not a runner ... but last year i entered a 10k event at princes park one sunday morning - the organizers were some sort of buddhist organization so there was a minute's silence beforehand to centre ourselves, but the pancakes afterwards were secular and yummy. no problem at all. the aches the next day were shins and ribs. if you want to cross-train, it's easy. use your hrm to make sure you're in the zones you'd normally be in when running. posts page of who is online users browsing this forum: geoffinbrisbane
__label__non_math	1.0000	attacks on bideford women on new year's day could be linked bideford police are investigating the possibility that two separate attacks on two women in the early hours of new's day in bideford could be connected. police are appealing for witnesses to the assaults which took place within an hour of each other on bideford quay and east the water. in the first attack, a year-old female was assaulted on the quay next to 'radfords' tobacconists at around . on new year's day. the young woman did not suffer any injuries and managed to push her male attacker off her and run away. the second attack took place near station hill, torrington lane, in east the water, when a year-old woman was attacked as she walked home from town and was assaulted as she lay on the ground. she suffered minor injuries. both attacks were completely unprovoked. there is no description of the offender or offenders at present, but investigators are looking into the possibility that the same person, or people, are responsible for both attacks. police believe there could be witnesses to the assaults as the area was busy with people seeing the new year in. police are now appealing to members of the public to contact them with any information, however insignificant they feel it may be. if you saw anything that may assist the investigation, then please contact devon cornwall police on 101 quoting police reference cd or alternatively contact crimestoppers anonymously on 555 111 or report online at
__label__non_math	0.9155	full node dissection? back in when i was diagnosed for the first time with breast cancer, the standard of care included a full axillary node dissection for everyone. therefore, in conjunction with a wide excision, i had this procedure done. i well remember the difficulties with accumulating fluid in my armpit, the sensation that i was holding a softball there, and several trips to the surgeon's office to have it drained. i have been fortunate knocking on wood as i write this that lymphedema and range of motion have not been problems, but i do have an area of numbness that will forever be weird. beginning a few years later, the standard of surgical care shifted to sentinel node dissection for most women. if cancer is found in the sentinel node, a second surgery to do the full axillary node dissection has been recommended. this approach spares many women the larger surgery and subsequent risks. as you know, the reasoning behind doing any axillary node dissection at all is to find out if the cancer has spread to that area although, frankly, unfortunately, there are other ways breast cancer can spread, too, and negative axillary lymph nodes are not a guarantee of future good health and to assist in making the right decision about the need for chemotherapy. at the asco meeting in chicago last month, a study was presented by the american college of surgeons oncology group acsog that suggests that a full dissection may not always be needed even if the sentinel node is found to be positive. from komen, here is a summary: a study from the american college of surgeons oncology group acosog looked at women with early stage breast cancer who had undergone a sentinel node biopsy. those women with a positive sentinel node, meaning a sentinel node that contained cancer, were randomized to undergo a full node dissection or to have no further treatment to the axilla. for many years, the standard treatment for women with a positive sentinel biopsy has been to perform a lymph node dissection. unfortunately, the study had to be closed early because the investigators had a difficult time recruiting patients to participate. nevertheless, they found that women who did not undergo further surgery did as well as those who did. it would have been optimal to have a larger study so we could be more certain of the results, but the study suggests at least for some women with a positive sentinel biopsy, a full lymph node dissection is not necessary. we must be careful, however, before abandoning lymph node dissections. women who had palpable lymph nodes those that could be found on physical examination by a doctor were not included in the study, nor were women with large tumors. in general, the women included in the study were at relatively low risk of having additional positive lymph nodes, and therefore the study results should not be applied to women who are at very high risk of having additional positive lymph nodes. that said, the study does open the door to avoid lymph node dissections for some women with a positive sentinel lymph node. as in all cases, this decision has to be individualized and needs to be made on a case by case basis after a discussion between a patient and doctor. if you want to read more:
__label__non_math	0.9848	sal n de actos building c - simultaneous translation available the massive computing and storage resources that are needed to support big data applications make cloud environments an ideal fit. now more than ever, there is a growing number of choices of cloud infrastructure providers, from amazon aws, openstack offered by the likes of hp, rackspace and soon even dell, vmware vcloud as well as private cloud offerings based on openstack, cloudstack, vcloud, and more. there is also a new class of bare-metal clouds from softlayer and pistoncloud that provide high performance resources designed for i o and cpu intensive applications that don t run as well on a virtualized resources. the recent announcements by google microsoft about their new infrastructure as a service offerings, add additional significant players to this growing marketplace. given the diverse options, and the dynamic environments involved, it becomes ever more important to maintain the flexibility to choose the right cloud for the job. in this session, you'll learn how to deploy and manage your hadoop cluster on any cloud, as well as manage the rest of your big data application stack using a new open source framework called cloudify.
__label__non_math	1.0000	big east news articles syracuse quarterback ryan nassib, one of the most prolific passers in big east history and the offensive catalyst for a team that shared the conference title, has been chosen as the american eagle outfitters big east football scholar-athlete of the year. - thursday, : a social media look at the big east bowl season - monday, : prince-tyson gulley ran for 217 yards and had three touchdowns, syracuse scored twice on safeties, and the orange bid a snow-covered farewell to the big east with a -victory over west virginia in the new era pinstripe bowl on saturday. - saturday, : the new era pinstripe bowl will be played for the third time in - thursday, : louisville, which claimed the big east s automatic bid to the bowl championship series, joins rutgers, cincinnati and syracuse and pittsburgh as the conference s postseason representatives. - sunday, : friday s game will be the 37th meeting between syracuse and temple in a series that dates to - wednesday, : saturday s game will be just the third meeting between syracuse and missouri as the orange look to remain unbeaten against the tigers - wednesday, : ryan nassib threw for 246 yards and three touchdowns, jerome smith ran for 144 yards and syracuse handed no. louisville its first loss of the season in a -victory on saturday. - saturday, : louisville and syracuse meet for the 11th time when the teams play saturday - thursday, : winn runs for three tds, passes for another as bearcats improved to -. - saturday, : saturday s game will be the 13th meeting between cincinnati and syracuse in a series that dates to . - wednesday, : ryan nassib threw a -yard touchdown pass to alec lemon with seconds left as syracuse rallied from a -point halftime deficit to beat south florida -saturday night. - saturday, : saturday s game will be the seventh meeting between syracuse and usf in a series that dates to - wednesday, : alec lemon had eight catches for 166 yards to help set up three touchdowns, caught an -yard scoring pass, and syracuse beat connecticut -on friday night to spoil huskies coach paul pasqualoni s return nearly eight years after he was fired by the orange. - friday, : saturday s game will be the ninth meeting between connecticut and syracuse in a series that began in - tuesday, : duron harmon scooped up a blocked field goal attempt and ran yard for a tie-breaking touchdown early in the third quarter and no. rutgers rode its defense and special teams to a -victory over syracuse on saturday. - saturday, : rutgers and syracuse first met in the season, when the schools played to a -tie, and have met times prior to saturday s matchup. - thursday, : adonis ameen-moore scored on -yard run, dyshawn davis returned a fumble yards for another score, and syracuse broke out of a yearlong funk with a -victory over pittsburgh on friday night. - friday, : the pittsburgh-syracuse rivalry dates to the season and the schools have met times since then. - thursday, : the league's football coaches answered questions from the media on the weekly call. - monday, :
__label__non_math	0.9951	bigflix is a premier movies on demand online streaming service in hindi, english, tamil, telugu, malayalam and multiple regional languages. there is a wide assortment of movies across genres like action, drama, thriller, romance amongst many others. members of bigflix watch unlimited movies across multiple device - pc, ipad, iphone, android, blackberry, windows mobile, windows smart tvs. bigflix is now a premium movie entertainment destination for millions of users across the globe. copyrights bigflix private limited. .
__label__non_math	0.9999	me and a good buddy of mine who attends another campus of lifechurch.tv and i had a really good exchange the other day as it relates to secular music in the church. this is one of those arguments that people have a wide range of polarizing positions. i recently ran across an article on the same subject by tim stevens, who is the executive pastor of granger of granger community church and author of new book pop goes the church, should the church engage pop culture? if you want to read his article, does secular music have a place in the church? in its entirety click here. i am going to share a few of tim s quotes, a few of my thoughts and then we will let the debating begin: every element in your service doesn t have to be prescriptive. yes, you are trying to teach a principle or encourage people to consider a truth, but you can use certain elements to raise questions and other elements to help provide answers. tim stevens it s amazing to me that the same pastors who have never allowed a secular song in their services have quoted secular authors, secular poets, and secular historical figures. tim stevens my buddy that i was talking to asked me what genius came up with the idea that playing secular music or certain secular music in church was a good idea? the abridged version of my response and our conversation was this: we will do anything short of sin to reach people who don t know christ, the bottom line is changed lives; both eternally and daily. it is all a piece of the experience to engage people where they are and open their hearts to hear the truth. jesus just didn t teach and preach but he met people s needs: feeding, healing . anything short of sin to reach people who don t know christ means just that, walking up to the line and doing anything short of sin. does secular music have a place in the church? why or why not? does your church play secular music or do you listen to secular music?
__label__non_math	0.9902	shrimp scampi preparation jumbo shrimp are broiled in a dashing herb butter. a bed of freshly cooked linguine makes a nice base for these tasty prawns. . place the garlic in the melted butter and let sit for minutes. . while the garlic is flavoring the butter, arrange the shrimp in a large shallow baking dish. . sprinkle the shrimp with the herbs and seasonings. pour the garlic butter over the prawns. place under a hot broiler, inches from the heat source, for to minutes per side. serve immediately. appetizer portions; main-course portions link to another bigoven recipe add a link to another recipe you may also enjoy shrimp scampi reviews a great shrimp dish. served it with shrimp stuffed potatoes. years, months, weeks, days, hours, minutes ago there are no tags on this recipe. log in to add tags.
__label__non_math	1.0000	childhood seem like a faraway land that lives in old photos and memories? then destination: childhood is for you. this self-paced class is designed to excavate, explore and celebrate the magical memories of your childhood destinations through photos past and or present , the five senses and journaling exercises that will result in delightful documentation. from the first moment i walked into my local scrapbooking store nearly five years ago, my lifelong love of storytelling, history and design made sense. i couldn't believe there was a hobby that combined photos, written memories and design. i went home on a creative high that i hadn't felt since the first time i wrote a story as a child; the creative deal was sealed. i have been on quite the creative journey since then: now a self-taught graphic designer, consistent blogger and fledgling novelist. scrapbooking has opened doors that i never would have you will join me on the next leg of my creative journey - excavating childhood destinations that capture your imagination, exploring the places that held your dreams and helped create the grownup that you are today and celebrating imperfection as creative perfection. are you ready to open the childhood vault with me? to know more? listen to cynthia's audio here: information about self-paced projects at big picture classes self-paced projects are instant download classes that allow you to participate at bpc anytime ending dates -- you may enroll at any time. this flexibility also means, that there will not be the level of teacher and student interaction that we enjoy in our workshops. you will receive handouts to print and an audio file to listen to, but there are typically no message boards or
__label__non_math	1.0000	please login or register a new account before continuing. our registered members enjoy more features, including: basic accounts are free -- sign up today log in to retrieve your saved settings. 'academy awards ' and 'oscar ' are the registered trademarks and service marks of the academy of motion picture arts and sciences.
__label__non_math	0.9998	the tried-and-true classic, weatherized warmth with room for all your junk for team riders and rookies alike, the boys' burton exile cargo pant is an everyday winner with its classic style, midweight warmth, and weatherproof breathable dryride 2l fabric. low-profile thermacore insulation keeps heat cranked for all day and night sessions. inner thigh vents prevent overheating, boot gaiters battle deep snow, and room-to-grow means two extra inches to fight off growth spurts. check the laundry list of standard features, handwarmer pockets, jacket-to-pant interface, cuff-protecting leg lifts, and sidewalk safe reflective trim, this pant is packed
__label__non_math	0.9999	bikebandit.com offers the widest range of dirt motorcycle tires from all of the top leading brands including bridgestone, dunlop, maxxis, metzeler, pirelli and more. dirt motorcycle tires are the only contact your dirt motorcycle has with the ground when riding and they have a big influence over the way your dirt motorcycle handles. choosing the right dirt motorcycle tires depends on the type of dirt motorcycle you own and what type of terrain you plan to ride on. finding the right set of dirt motorcycle tires is made easy at bikebandit.com, by simply using the navigation below to narrow down your riding style, preferred brand and rim and tire size. bikebandit.com carries a complete selection of all types, sizes and styles of dirt motorcycle tires. bikebandit.com is the web's largest powersports store with more than million factory fresh motorcycle parts and accessories online, so of course we have the most up to date types of dirt motorcycle tires for you to choose from. whether you re a recreational biker on the weekend, a serious motocross or dirt bike racer, choosing the right set of dirt motorcycle tires when the time comes is important and we have the dirt motorcycle tires to help you get it right. we know when you order your dirt motorcycle tires you ll want them now, so bikebandit.com has developed the best online real-time order tracking system in the powersports industry. you can keep track of every step of your order at bikebandit.com and once it has been shipped, we provide package tracking information from ups, fedex or usps so you know exactly when your dirt motorcycle tires will arrive. for the guaranteed best price on dirt motorcycle tires, with the highest possible level of customer service, choose bikebandit.com.
__label__non_math	0.9999	bikebandit.com offers the widest range of motorcycle apparel and motorcycle riding apparel from all of the top leading brands. choose a category of motorcycle apparel below to start shopping. from boots, jackets, gloves, pants and protective gear to luggage, covers and other transport products, bikebandit.com has all of the motorcycle apparel and accessories you want. shop thousands of motorcycle riding apparel options from top brands like alpinestars, answer, fox, fieldsheer, icon and much more. finding the right sizes and styles of motorcycle apparel for you is easy at bikebandit.com. simply use the navigation below to select a motorcycle apparel and accessories category. bikebandit.com is the web's largest powersports store with more than million factory fresh motorcycle parts and accessories online, so of course we have the most up to date styles of motorcycle apparel for you to choose from. whether you re a recreational biker on the weekend, a serious motocross or dirt bike racer, or a seasonal atv enthusiast we have the motorcycle apparel to get you riding in style. we know when you order your motorcycle apparel you want it now, so bikebandit.com has developed the best online real-time order tracking system in the powersports industry. you can keep track of every step of your order at bikebandit.com and once it has been shipped, we provide package tracking information from ups, fedex or usps so you know exactly when your motorcycle apparel will arrive. for fast shipping on any motorcycle apparel, with the highest possible level of customer service, choose bikebandit.com.
__label__non_math	1.0000	bikebandit.com offers the widest range of atv tires and wheels from all of the top leading brands including bridgestone, dunlop, maxxis, metzeler, pirelli and more. atv tires are the only contact your atv has with the ground when riding and they have a big influence over the way your atv handles. choosing the right atv tires depends on the type of atv you own and what type of terrain you plan to ride on. finding the right set of atv tires is made easy at bikebandit.com we have over million factory fresh motorcycle parts and accessories online everything you need to keep rolling. bikebandit.com carries a complete selection of nearly every type, size and style of atv tire wheel. use our quick and easy navigation below to narrow down your riding style, preferred brand and rim and tire size and choose your ideal atv tire wheel. bikebandit.com carries tires for every type of atv user from utility atvs to sport atvs and everything in between. our atv mud tires are perfect for utility atvs, and for use in mud, snow and wetlands. at bikebandit.com you don t have to break the bank to ride in style. we offer competitive pricing on all of our parts and accessories with astounding discount atv tire prices available in nearly every category. when you re gearing up for your next four wheeling adventure, choose bikebandit.com for all your atv needs. we have consistently served the powersports community since , and you can trust us to get your order fast and get it right, so you can get riding. please don t hesitate to email, call or contact our live online customer service support time for help with ordering. we have a wealth of experience in the powersports industry, and can help you with any questions you may have when ordering your atv tires.
__label__non_math	0.9999	bikebandit.com offers the widest range of motorcycle rider bags from all of the top leading brands including alpinestars, camelbak, chase harper, fox, icon, thor and much more not only can motorcycle rider bags make for a convenient way to store extra gear like tools, a manual or other riding accessories, motorcycle rider bags at bikebandit.com comes in a variety of styles and colors so you can find the perfect bag for you. our easy to use navigation will help you to find the right type, style, size and color of motorcycle rider bag the first time. whether you re looking for a small backpack, hydration pack or larger duffel bag, bikebandit.com has you covered. bikebandit.com is the web's largest powersports store with more than million factory fresh motorcycle parts and accessories online, so of course we have the most up to date styles and brands of motorcycle rider bags for you to choose from. whether you re a recreational biker on the weekend or a serious motocross or dirt bike racer we have the motorcycle rider bags to make your ride complete. we know when you order your motorcycle rider bags you want it now, so bikebandit.com has developed the best online real-time order tracking system in the powersports industry. you can keep track of every step of your order at bikebandit.com and once it has been shipped, we provide package tracking information from ups, fedex or usps so you know exactly when your bag will arrive. for the guaranteed best price on any style of motorcycle rider bags, with the highest possible level of customer service, choose bikebandit.com.
__label__non_math	1.0000	bikebandit.com offers the widest range of street motorcycle tires from all of the top leading brands including bridgestone, dunlop, maxxis, metzeler, pirelli and more. street motorcycle tires are the only contact your street motorcycle has with the ground when riding and they have a big influence over the way your street motorcycle handles. choosing the right street motorcycle tires depends on the type of street motorcycle you own and what type of terrain you plan to ride on. finding the right set of street motorcycle tires is made easy at bikebandit.com, by simply using the navigation below to narrow down your riding style, preferred brand and rim and tire size. bikebandit.com carries a complete selection of all types, sizes and styles of street motorcycle tires. bikebandit.com is the web's largest powersports store with more than million factory fresh motorcycle parts and accessories online, so of course we have the most up to date types of street motorcycle tires for you to choose from. whether you re a recreational biker on the weekend, a serious motocross or dirt bike racer, choosing the right set of street tires when the time comes is important and we have the street motorcycle tires to help you get it right. we know when you order your street motorcycle tires you ll want them now, so bikebandit.com has developed the best online real-time order tracking system in the powersports industry. you can keep track of every step of your order at bikebandit.com and once it has been shipped, we provide package tracking information from ups, fedex or usps so you know exactly when your street motorcycle tires will arrive. for the guaranteed best price on street motorcycle tires, with the highest possible level of customer service, choose bikebandit.com.
__label__non_math	0.9998	classic and vintage bicycles: what's it worth? appraisals and inquiries - old yellow " royal union speed road bike w one-piece cranks, new tires... bikeforums.net is a forum about nothing but bikes. our community can help you find information about hard-to-find and localized information like bicycle tours, specialties like where in your area to have your recumbent bike serviced, or what are the best bicycle tires and seats for the activities you use your bike for. big ones. good deal or no? appraisals and inquiries? yes or no? without a picture, no. even with a picture, likely a no. bottom of the line department store quality bike. you can do better. . i wouldn't pay that for it even if it was still in its unopened box fresh from the factory. i actually meant to say royce union... if that changes anybodies minds.. still not a worth it?? powered by vbulletin version ..
__label__non_math	1.0000	still single? you don't have to be goldenlady and jessride , carson, united states just wanted to let bikerkiss know that my husband and i met online over one year ago and are now married. we clicked from the very first ride, and have been together ever since. will try to send photos later.
__label__math	0.9387	as nancy polikoff has noted, maine recorded a number of "firsts" today. it became the first state to pass marriage equality without first trying a quasi-parallel status such as civil unions. and maine's gov. baldacci became the first governor in the nation to sign a marriage equality bill. but given the realities of maine politics, this game is nowhere close to over. laws in maine usually go into effect days after the legislature adjourns somewhere around the end of june . but before that day period is over, opponents of a law can try to gather enough signatures--about ,000 right now-- to force the measure to a public vote. if opponents get those signatures in on time, implementation of the law will be suspended until a referendum can be held. this provision is commonly known as a "people's veto."
__label__non_math	1.0000	there are a few references to ted knight throughout the web, and here's what i've found. please you must see this - the ted knight memorial gof tournament check it out - internet movie database's this site was mentioned in passing in an in entertainment weekly print edition a photo of ted knight's is on the web now indicates knight hosted the 8th episode of the snl 'season. anyone have it on tape? lookup his filmography from the internet movie database of the ' braves' of a trivia on celeb birth names inaccurate too close for comfort is his credit for the narrator voice in mary tyler moore show
__label__non_math	1.0000	vintage estate bracelets on sale now obtained from trade-ins or estates - most items are solid sterling silver . only one available of each - once it's gone, it's gone we're constantly getting new pieces in, so check back often browse by type: sterling silver
__label__non_math	0.7762	650 gran coupe msport color restriction i wanted to know if bmw lets costomers request a special combination such as msport with mineral white which cant be had in the configurator and if so is their a surcharge of ordering it that way . thanks powered by vbulletin version .. performanceix, inc. .: guidelines .:. privacy .:. terms
__label__non_math	0.9614	i think you're wise to let this go through to the next service oil change. i would get them to properly document the paperwork to show the quantity type of oil they used as well as the quantity of def. originally posted by firstbimmer you have a very good and valid point. actually, i initially went to my salesman to complain about the situation since he was on vacation when the whole thing went down. he was very clear that next time this happens, or if i have a problem with service on this issue at the time of the oil change, that i should come see him and he will make sure all is right. he agreed that the miles didn't seem appropriate and that this should be addressed and under warranty. the conversation continued and he knows i almost bought an m3 when i bought the 335d, but didn't because of my commute. i mentioned my upcoming transfer and we got into the m3 discussion. i was just saying maybe that all this happened for a reason to nudge me in to maybe making a change. believe me, i'm not going to just blindly upgrade if i got a bad deal. it is already a bad enough financial decision to trade in a car in the second year of ownership, if they tried to fleece me, the deal wouldn't happen. i didn't get to a point of being able to afford an m3 by just throwing money away or rewarding bad service. no matter what, i'll still have the 335d come the next oil change at my rate of mileage so we'll see how service treats me when the time comes. i won't hesitate to get my sales advisor involved, plus he's probably more likely to come in heavy if there's a potential sale riding on it one other consideration... if you are thinking about an m3....i recall reading somewhere that m3s require more maintenance than the everyday 335. if this dealership is falling short on maintaining your d how are they going to do with an m3? '335d titanium silver premium, nav, ipod, sat 'a3 ibis white, tint, 2t, dsg, premium dual sunroof 'vw fastback 'camaro lt ttops 'vw diesel rabbit 'audi 4e 'audi 5sp 'audi auto 'audi v8q 'acura tl 'miata b candy apple red, ac, factory hardtop
__label__non_math	1.0000	tabinda shah has trained at the world renowned london college of fashion and has had further training at the studios of charles fox, aofm and mac. with over years of experience in the field of makeup, tabinda entered the professional market years ago. with a unique flair for translating a brides own style into the perfect look for her wedding day, tabinda s signature style is the ability to give her clients exactly what they want and flawless skin. her own passion lies in high fashion, catwalk and editorial makeup, straying from the norm, her personal portfolio is studded with looks ranging from edgy to avant garde. working with the likes of celebrity stylist sheetal agheda, mani kholi, and asiana magazine she pushes the boundaries of conventional asian makeup, and is not afraid of unairbrushed images. you have dreamt about your special day for as long as you can remember; the dress, the jewellery, that perfect look, all combining to make you the highlight of your wedding day. bindi s and tiaras is a professional hair and makeup service specialising in creating the image of your dreams. we take into account all of your requirements and work with you to build that perfect look specific to you on your special day. we think that your hair and makeup should reflect your style rather than the style of the consultant you have hired. we are a team of makeup artists and hairstylists, specialising in full bridal parties. one of our key strengths is in managing your time in hair and makeup so that you can spend most of your day with your family and friends and not backstage.
__label__non_math	0.9992	open-source projects such as linux, apache, mysql and others have reduced the barriers of time and costs needed to develop high quality products or services. yet, generating the scale and traction those projects have is very hard and rarely happens. if we can support open-source on a more consistent basis, we could have many more such projects and improve the software development process . only of open-source projects are actively maintained. those are all open-source projects who successfully integrated a commercial element in order to prosper as a business and offer a high-quality product that with a strong foundation, otherwise known as commercial open-source. commercial open-source is complimentary to free open-source in the same way that commercial businesses compliment not-for-profits. both serve a specific sector and operate under a specific ideology, and together balance the market and are symbiotic to each other. if you contribute to a open-source project while working at full-time somewhere else, or have mature code you'd love to share but can't find the time or motivation, commercial open-source might provide the support structure you need to work on your own projects: we want to drive the open-source industry forwards. we built a platform called binpress to support monetization and sustainability for open-source projects. we handle the parts of building an open-source business most developers try to avoid: top publishers on binpress make silicon-valley comparable salaries annually selling commercial licenses. not every project gets in - we curate submissions to make sure they comply with coding standards and best practices, while solving a real-world problem. our goal is to create an inventory of the best solutions for every common need in software development. please go over the publishing guidelines before submitting a component for review. if you have or can produce quality code, we want to motivate you to share it. you'll open yourself a new revenue channel, and other developers can benefit from your code to accelerate their projects and reduce their costs. help open-source become a viable business.become a binpress publisher have a question? don't hesitate to ask i just wrapped up what i thought would be a quick visit to binpress. in the end i spent over an hour i shouldn't have just looking around. yes, it's that good a site. i really think the binpress team have hit on something that's been missing for both software developers and their potential customers. edward kolagic, n.e. structured systems inc. binpress is a discovery service and marketplace for source-code components. we add a commercial layer over open-source and promote component based development that reduces the time and costs of software development. every component published on our marketplace is curated by our developers to meet coding standards and best practices. please review our publishing guidelines before considering to publish a component. you can always contact us regarding specific component ideas and discuss it with us. recent successes of combining a commercial element with open-source code in order to create a sustainable business around it such as mysql, magento and flavors of linux , prompted the emergence of dual-licensed or commercial open-source projects. those projects are run like a business and can provide excellent results over time. read more
__label__non_math	0.9999	"we believe that gaining access to these important zevalin trial data and regulatory documents will allow for the potential to expand the label in the u.s. to include consolidation of first-line therapy, as bayer schering pharma did in europe, and may give more patients access to the potential benefits of zevalin," said james a. bianco, m.d., president and ceo of cell therapeutics. "we are pleased with bayer's willingness to support our efforts to potentially broaden u.s. patient access to this important therapeutic, and delighted to be working with such a talented group of dedicated healthcare professionals." cell therapeutics has requested a meeting with the food and drug administration fda to discuss expanding the label for zevalin in the u.s. to include consolidation following first-line treatment of follicular lymphoma based on the fit trial data. if approved, this new indication has the potential to increase the market for zevalin in the u.s. about the phase iii first-line indolent fit trial the multinational, randomized phase iii first-line indolent trial fit evaluated the benefit and safety of a single infusion of zevalin in patients with cd20-positive follicular lymphoma who had achieved a partial remission or a complete remission after receiving standard first-line chemotherapy regimens. the fit trial results were presented in one oral and two poster presentations at the american society of hematology ash conference in december . the fit trial demons copyright pr newswire.
__label__math	1.0000	... structure and function .rate of enzyme mediated ... reactions in one direction. rate of enzyme mediated main article: rate of enzyme mediated enzymes can increase reaction rate ... ... kinetics describe the rate of enzyme mediated reactions for many enzymes. it is named for ... to determine the maximum rate of an enzyme mediated reaction, the substrate concentration s ... , the factors that effect the rate of enzyme mediated reactions ie. ph, temperature, etc are at ... ... active transport is the mediated transport of biochemicals , and other atomic molecular substances, across membranes . unlike passive transport , this process requires ... ... that action potentials do propagate back into the dendrites once initiated in the axon in most neurons. this backpropagating action potential is mediated by the activation of voltage-gated ion channels and can interact with synaptic input to alter the synaptic activity. the structure and branching of ... ... is a process of passive transport diffusion via which molecules diffuse across membranes , with the help of transport proteins mediated small uncharged molecules can easily diffuse across cell membranes. however, due to the hydrophobic nature of the lipids that make ... ... thousands of other cells. types of signalling neurons communicate with one another across synapses. this communication is usually chemically mediated by rapid secretion of neurotransmitter molecules . pre-synaptic neurons i.e.the neurons which release the neurotransmitter may produce in the ...
__label__non_math	0.9991	remanufactured sale new stock added remanufactured products sold at a discount to provide substantial savings. flexible modular protein purification. learn more . great savings on our real-time pcr detection systems. save off your first box of itaq universal supermix. take an additional off list price with each additional box of the same mix, up to off. save ,265 when you buy a cfx connect real-time pcr system and laptop computer. earn a free one year service contract on your cfx real-time pcr detection system when purchasing amplification reagents. free precision plus protein dual color standards with purchase of two boxes of mini-protean tgx or tgx stain-free precast gels. free mini-protean tetra cell bundle when you purchase three boxes of mini-protean tgx precast gels. off selected pcr plastics for real-time and conventional pcr. pick a favorite from our western blotting family and save get a free protein standard or dna ladder when you purchase power supplies. for a limited time, primepcr assays are as low as each. membranes that support your research for off. choose the thermal cycler that is right for you, and save up to . enter the quote id in your shopping cart before checking out. buy a package of cuvettes for per package. receive off bio-plex pro rbm kidney toxicity assays. the compact and gradient enabled t100 thermal cycler at an affordable price of ,250. buy a tc20 for ,995. receive a free fully validated oligonucleotides primers plate with your next amplification reagents order.
__label__math	0.9861	matthews at greengenes.cit.cornell.edu sat aug :est in . mathh autocompleted to mathh in .autocompletion does not occur if there is already a star this is a way to allow searching for known enndings should we really revert to .behaviour ? in . mathh returns just the mathh records if any exist, and only autocompletes if none exist. that seems like useful behavior for the search: box, though it would be inappropriate for the query language. more information about the acedb
__label__non_math	0.9985	davwhitt at med.unc.edu mon nov :est in article , j zeigler wrote: david whitt wrote: rape, violence, and murder are horrible when performed against a person, and magnified even more so when performed against nature as they affect all mankind and our children as well as the other creatures we share the planet with. why do you feel corporations should received greater rights than the planet? i don't, but i did agree to form a government and to have a jury determine who is right and who is wrong. the protestors argument was not with the logger, it was with the government who allowed the logging to take place. unfortunately, sometimes when you take the law into your own hands they get burned. sometimes worse than others. isn't the environmental group that lost the case also incorporated? then i see little difference what difference does it make? i am not against corporations just for being corporations. some actually do good things, many do. i am, however, against corporations and people who i see as doing things which are wrong. the law is fluid and changes over time. slavery was once legal. women once had no rights. in most places in my state gays can be fired, denied housing, and arrested for making love to their companion, all legally. what is legal and what is right are not always the same. i agree that we should try changing the laws through the system but sometimes the system needs a serious jumpstart as with the blacks who refused to sit at the back of the bus - all illegal at the time, or with those who went on strike in the early union days . when you look at what is right and what is wrong through the myopia of the legal code, you can lose perspective of the big picture. corporations such as the ones ef confronts see things in terms of dollars and net profits, quaterly and annual earnings. environmentalists see things in terms of life and its beauty, centuries and eons. see the difference? more information about the ag-forst
__label__non_math	0.9959	david gwen coffin djcoffin at linknet.net fri aug :est i would like opinions on fitting cic's on various losses, specifically the maximum sloping loss that can be fit, and maximum precipitous high frequency losses i.e., normal through 2k or 3k and dropping that can be fit. i have routinely been fitting patients with moderately severe to severe gradually sloping losses. is anyone routinely fitting worse losses? what is the cutoff for the high frequency losses? i have tried a few that are normal through 2k and drop to 60db or so at 3k with about a success rate. realizing that a good impression is crucial, i would also like opinions about manufacturers . does anyone feel that one company does better than others? i have tried different companies, argosy, lori, and telix. each seems to have their own quirks, but lori has been the most reliable and thanks for your input. more information about the audiolog
__label__non_math	0.9953	sounds like she has a bone conduction eyeglass hearing aid. check with your local licensed dispenser or dispensing audiologist. there are onle one or two labs that still make these. i think one is rexton but you will have to look through the spec. books to be sure. good luck
__label__non_math	0.9672	new prototype gdb and omim on pc cr-rom gdb user support help at gdb.org tue feb :est prototype gdb and omim on pc cd-rom january version a new version of the prototype pc cd-rom containing gdb data integrated with the text of mckusick's "mendelian inheritance in man" omim and mouse genome data from jackson labs is now available. the new version includes gdb and omim data downloaded at the beginning of and over 300 pictures. this product was developed by the human genome data base at johns hopkins university, cedars-sinai medical center ucla, and jackson labs informatics. if you are interested in participating in the beta testing of pc-gdb and omim, please contact gdb user support and include your mailing address. we will send you a disk, installation instructions, and a short evaluation questionnaire. since we have a limited number of disks for current distribution, we will send them in the order requests are received. the hardware software required to run pc-gdb includes: . microsoft ms-dos r version .or later version .or later recommended . microsoft windows r version .or . . , or pentium r ibm-compatible pc . vga display 800 by 600, 256-color super-vga or better recommended . cd-rom drive double-speed recommended . mb ram mb or more recommended . -550 mb free space on hard disk depending on type of installation cd-rom fixed-disk fixed-disk only omim only mb 140 mb omim pc-gdb mb 550 mb we look forward to feedback about pc-gdb and omim from the user community. gdb user support genome data base johns hopkins university email: help at gdb.org more information about the bioforum
__label__math	0.7329	sedimentaion of the lysosomal membrane protein mzargh at yahoo.ca wed jun :est does anybody know what is the sedimentation of the lysosomal membrane? i a trying to isolate a lysosomal membrane protein using triton x-100, but the membrane protein is showing up in the soluble fraction using pbs rather than the membrane fraction pbs triton x-100 . do you yahoo tired of spam? yahoo more information about the methods
__label__non_math	0.9714	curiousity is more fundamental than rivalry. boplatt at primenet.com sun apr :est in article an175779 at anon.penet.fi poor richard writes: from: an175779 at anon.penet.fi poor richard date: sun, apr :utc subject: curiousity is more fundamental than rivalry. poor richard has been writing on many of these newsgroups on the subject of the lack of ethics in science. poor richard believes there are no ethics in science. poor richard thinks that scientists are no better than car mechanics in this regard, believing that if a car mechanic isn't closely watched, he will chisel you, and that scientists are no better. the question of what to do about all these bad ethics will be taken up later. for now, let us examine the fundamental psychological hypothesis that curiousity is more basic than rivalry. what we call irritability in biology, one of the fundamental properties of life, ontogenetically preceeds almost every other reflex. we observe irritability before almost any other behaviors that characterize living in humans, "failure to thrive" is a well known cause of death among newborns. without tactile, visual and auditory stimuli, even with adequate nutritional and hygenic needs met, infants do not survive. "failure to thrive" has a medically-based,meaning, there is a problem with the infant's physiology, not his socialization. i will agree that infant socialization the "tactile, visual and auditory stimuli" you describe above will affect the growth and development of an infant, but "failure to thrive" is another condition altogether and it is meaningless to use it in btw, i've also seen adults who have suffered from "failure to thrive". so, this kind of stimulation is an absolute prerequisite for human life. a rather sweeping statement. poor richard contends that irritability represents a primitive form of i dunno here. the usual definition of irritability ususally means the ability to interact with the outside environment. i would rather think that curiosity would entail a 'high level of nervouse system'. amoeba are irritable, but i've never heard anybody call an amoeba curious. rivalry, on the other hand, makes its appearance later during ontogenesis, at a time when the establishment of the individual personality recognizes needs outside of himself herself, and when there may be a competition for scarce resources such as love, attention, recognition etc. . in family psychodynamics, rivalry is usually thought of in terms of siblings, but as the good dr. freud pointed out, the rivalry between a child and one of its parents is normal in the course of human development and must be properly resolved in order for normal development to occur. digressions aside, the purpose of this short essay was to demonstrate the hierarchical transcendance of curiousity over rivalry and qed, poor richard believes he has accomplished his goal. actually, poor richard hasnt d'd ane qes here sorry. he hasn't demonstrated anything here. . poor richard has poorly delineated a philosophy using disparate areas of science. if this is leading to a point, i do wish poor richard would get there. the implications os this distinction in a quest to restore ethics to science will be the subject of a later essay. to find out more about the anon service, send mail to help at anon.penet.fi. if you reply to this message, your message will be automatically anonymized and you are allocated an anon id. read the help file to prevent this. please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin at anon.penet.fi. i find it really really really hard to give any great credance to some dweeb who lurks in anonynymity only to jump up and snipe at a group. kinda shows poor richard lacks the convictions of his tenets. more information about the mol-evol
__label__non_math	0.5442	biodiversity heritage library browse our collection by: by "illinois institute of natural resources." screening of selected fluoroaromatic compounds for use as agrichemicals, i by: shiley, r. h. - illinois institute of natural resources. publication info: urbana, ill. :illinois state geological survey, contributed by: university of illinois urbana champaign
__label__non_math	0.9975	if you are generating a pdf containing the text of a single journal article or book chapter, please provide title and author information. bhl stores this information to allow these pdfs to be indexed, searched and retrieved by other users. if you download an article but do not provide title or author information, these articles will be lost. thank you for your request. please wait for an email containing a link to download the pdf. for your reference, the confirmation number for this request is . there was an issue with the request. please try again and if the problem persists, please send us feedback.
__label__non_math	0.9998	a paranormal investigator hears an entity say the word "fire" -- and the investigator's house burns down a few weeks later. also in this episode, a ghost's reflection suddenly appears next to a woman in a haunted australian hotel; a ghost hunting group has some amazing and chilling experiences at an infamous california restaurant; a young girl's spirit is stuck inside a house; and disembodied voices and loud footsteps terrify an ohio family. the ghosts of the ladies who worked in an old bordello try to keep visitors out of the bedrooms where they entertained their gentlemen; investigators looking into levitations at a california farm are terrified when they discover that a spirit is among them; a ghost with a sweet tooth takes candy off the shelves at a supermarket in australia; and a homeowner hears the disembodied voices of spirits still squabbling about a deadly altercation at the house years ago. the shocking eyewitness accounts of terrified people whose dream homes have become nightmares are brought to life in vivid, blood-curdling style on my haunted house. told via gripping first person interviews and strikingly crafted re-enactments, each episode of this nerve-wracking new series tells two, compelling horror stories of people literally living in terror. these days, many celebrities take on causes and raise awareness of issues they care about. some stars choose to speak on behalf of those who can't speak for themselves animals, that is. from pamela anderson to betty white, here are some famous animal rights activists. we may all think we're comedians, but sadly, we're not. good thing there are so many truly funny people out there to make us laugh. some comedians use their wit and smarts to make clever jokes and poke fun, while others use their physicality and appearance to to keep us doubled over. formats range from stand up comedy and sketch comedy to talk shows, and subjects include politics, everyday life, and the comedians themselves. here's a look at the famous comedians who've kept us laughing over the years. kick off a new year with a look at the creative and influential people who were born in the month of january. historical figures such as martin luther king, jr., musical geniuses like wolfgang mozart and pop icons such as elvis presley all celebrated birthdays within the month of january. see the other famous people who were born in the premiere month of the year. having silver hair in hollywood doesn't just equate to getting along in years and becoming omnipotently wise; rather, when you think of men like andersoon cooper, sean connery, and richard gere, as well as women like helen mirren and meryl streep the words sexy, debonair, and sophisticated also come to mind. oh, and did we mention sexy? meet some of our favorite silver foxes... since the early days of television, talk show hosts have been among the most popular personalities in the medium. from tv pioneers like jack paar and johnny carson to daytime legends like phil donahue and oprah winfrey to late night talkers like jon stewart and jimmy kimmel, here is a look at the famous hosts who have talked the talk on tv.
__label__non_math	0.9998	best known for melissa gilbert came to fame playing laura ingalls on the nbc period drama series little house on the prairie . melissa gilbert - preview rob lowe - full biography tom cruise - early years melissa gilbert first garnered attention as laura ingalls on "little house on the prairie." since then, she's divorced husband bruce boxleitner, been president of the screen actors guild, and appeared on "dancing with the stars." rob lowe rose to fame in the '80s as part of the "brat pack." though scandals threatened to derail his career, he got back on track with his roles in "the west wing" and "brothers sisters. watch a short video about the early years of actor tom cruise. think you know about biography? answer questions and see how you rank against other players.play now born on , in los angeles, california, melissa gilbert first found acting success playing laura ingalls on the dramatic series little house on the prairie from to . she went on to act in several more tv roles as a child and teen and has continued to act into adulthood. in , gilbert was voted in as president of the screen actors guild and won a second two-year term in . born in los angeles, california, on , melissa gilbert grew up in the entertainment business. she is the adopted daughter of actor paul gilbert and actress dancer barbara crane now barbara gilbert cowan ; her biological parents each had three children from previous marriages and, fearing they wouldn't be able to provide for gilbert financially, put her up for adoption the day she was born. gilbert's two siblings are also actors; sara played darlene in the series roseanne and jonathan played willie olson on little house on the prairie. the sensitive, delicately pretty actor came to fame as a girl, playing laura ingalls on the nbc period drama series little house on the prairie, which ran from to . gilbert was reportedly one of nearly 500 girls to audition for the part. it was for her earnest, memorable portrayal of laura that the actress became the youngest person to receive a star on the hollywood walk of fame in , at hollywood boulevard in hollywood, california . the series also starred gilbert's brother, jonathan gilbert as willie oleson , who was also adopted; michael landon as charlie ingalls ; karen grassle as caroline ingalls ; and melissa sue anderson as mary ingalls . after gilbert's father, paul gilbert, passed away in february , michael landon became an important mentor and friend to the actress. she and landon soon had a falling out, however, and the reportedly stars didn't speak to each other from the time that little house on the prairie ended until . while melissa gilbert has made several feature film appearances, the majority of her work over the years has been in television. she most often opted for roles as suffering, historically significant teenagers, such as in the miracle worker in , the diary of anne frank in and splendor in the grass in . she remained prolific and eventually graduated to adult roles, including choices in and a family of strangers in . additionally, there were a few failed series attempts, including little house: a new beginning in , stand by your man in and sweet justice in . in , gilbert was elected president of the screen actors guild. she won a second two-year term in . gilbert later returned to the project that made her famous: she starred in the role originally played by karen grassle on television, as "ma" in the touring production of little house on the prairie: the musical. she also shared her details of her life in a prairie tale, a memoir published in . profile name: melissa gilbert profile occupation: sign in with facebook to see how you and your friends are connected to famous icons. your friends' connections included in these groups child stars are the pint-sized actors we've watched grow up on screen. these talented actors began their careers and traversed the triumphs and pitfalls of fame at an early age. while some child stars, like sarah jessica parker and natalie portman, have continued their success into adulthood, others have been plagued by troubles following their early fame. here's a look at some of the actors who made it big when they were kids. child stars people in this group the famous dance-competition show dancing with the stars has seen more than a dozen seasons and a gamut of stars, including apolo anton ohno, kirstie alley, joey fatone, jennifer grey, david hasselhoff, buzz aldrin, brandy, wynonna judd, dorothy hamill, d.l. hughley and aly raisman. learn more about the show's contestants, who, for a period, swapped their skills as athletes, actors, musicians, comedians, tv personalities and politicians for a chance to show off their footwork on national tv. cast of dancing with the stars people in this group famous taureans 514 people in this group
__label__non_math	0.9997	redirected from george c. marshall george catlett marshall , was an american military leader and statesman best remembered for his leadership in the allied victory in world war ii and for his work establishing the post-war reconstruction effort for europe, which became known as the marshall plan. marshall was born into a middle-class family in uniontown, pennsylvania. while attending virginia military institute he was initiated into the now dormant beta ' chapter of kappa alpha order . in , he was awarded the distiguished achievement award for his role and contributions during and after wwii. marshall was instrumental in getting the u.s. army and army air corps reorganized and ready for war. marshall wrote the document that would become the central strategy for all allied operations in europe, selected dwight eisenhower as supreme commander in europe, and designed operation overlord, the invasion of normandy. throughout the remainder of the world war ii, marshall coordinated all allied operations in europe and the pacific. he was characterized as the organizer of allied victory by winston churchill. time magazine named marshall man of the year in . after ww ii he was sent to china to negotiate a truce and build a coalition government between the nationalists and communists fighting the chinese civil war. his efforts failed and he was recalled in january . marshall 'retired' in november and was named secretary of state in . as such, on at a speech at harvard university, he outlined the u.s. government's preparedness to contribute to european recovery. the european recovery plan, which became known as the marshall plan, helped europe quickly rebuild and earned marshall the honor of being named time's man of the year in and awarded the nobel peace prize in . in he resigned from the state department and was named president of the american national red cross. he was named secretary of defense in , but retired from politics for good in after senator joseph mccarthy implied he was a traitor and denounced him for making decisions that "aided the communist drive for world domination". marshall died on . he married elizabeth carter cole of lexington, virginia in . she died in . he married katherine boyce tupper brown. after graduating from the virginia military institute in , he entered the u.s. army, where he was to have a long and distinguished career. until world war i, he was posted to various positions in the us and the philippines, and was trained in modern warfare. during the war he had roles as a planner of both training and operations. between wwi and wwii, he was a key planner and writer in the war department, spent three years in china, and taught at the army war college. he went to france in the summer of as the director of training and planning for the 1st infantry division. in mid-, he was promoted to american expeditionary forces headquarters, where he was a key planner of american operations. he was instrumental in the design and coordination of the meuse-argonne offensive, which forced germany to sue for peace. in he became an aide-de-camp to general john j. pershing. between and , while pershing was army chief of staff, marshall worked in a number of positions in the us army, focusing on training and teaching modern, mechanised warfare. he was promoted to brigadier general in october . in he was selected by franklin d. roosevelt to be army chief of staff, a position he held until . dates of rank - second lieutenant, united states army: - first lieutenant, united states army: - captain, united states army: - major, national army: - lieutenant colonel, national army: - colonel, national army: - major, regular army reverted to permanent rank : - lieutenant colonel, regular army: - colonel, regular army: - brigadier general, regular army: - major general, regular army: - general, regular army, for service as army chief of staff: - general of the army, army of the united states: - general of the army rank made permanent in the regular army: notes about components: - united states army: regular u.s. armed forces prior to world war i - national army: combined conscript and regular united states forces during world war i - regular army: regular volunteer forces after . considered "career" professionals - army of the united states: combined draft and regular forces of world war ii. awards and decorations "we are determined that before the sun sets on this terrible struggle, our flag will be recognized throughout the world as a symbol of freedom on the one hand and of overwhelming force on the other." -- george marshall , larry i. bland and sharon ritenour stevens, ed. the papers of george catlett marshall, vol pp. 212-. "i couldn't sleep nights, george, if you were out of washington." -president roosevelt, reported by henry stimson, ...what a joy it must be to marshall to see how the armies he called into being by his own genius have won immortal renown. he is the true 'organizer of victory. winston churchill, "a man devoted to the daily study of war on several continents with all the ardour of a certified public accountant." - alistair cooke, "hitherto i had thought of marshall as a rugged soldier and a magnificent organizer and builder of armies - the american carnot. but now i saw that he was a statesman with a penetrating and commanding view of the whole scene." - winston churchill louis a. johnson robert a. lovett
__label__math	0.5758	culturally competent social work research: methodological considerations for research with language minorities. despite the growing number of language minorities, foreign-born individuals with limited english proficiency, this population has been largely left out of social work research, often due to methodological challenges involved in conducting research with this population. whereas the professional standard calls for cultural competence, a discussion of how to implement strategies for culturally competent research with language nflnorities is regrettably limited in the social work literature. this article is, to the authors' knowledge, one of the first within the field of social work to tie together unique methodological issues that may arise throughout the research conceptualization, development, and implementation process with this population. strategies for how to overcome such issues are provided by adapting and expanding on a conceptual framework by meleis. the incorporation of such research practices with language minorities has the potential to enhance trust and, thus, improve the recruitment and retention of this hard-to-reach population. more important, studies that aim to include such culturally responsive criteria may produce results that have improved validity and, thus, contribute to the advancement of knowledge regarding this population. key words: culturally competent research; language minorities; limited english proficiency; translation social case work english as a second language casado, banghwa lee negi, nalini junko due to the growing number of immigrants, foreign-born people in the united states are increasing, and a vast majority percent of these foreign-born people speak a language other than english u.s. census bureau, . the census bureau's data indicated that . million people or percent of the total u.s. population spoke a language other than english, which marked a percent increase since , and more than one-third of these people did not speak english well. in the united states, individuals who are not fluent in english are referred to as "language minority" individuals li, mccardle, clark, kinsella, berch, . understanding the needs of this population is important, because the ability to speak english greatly affects how well people communicate with and navigate through social institutions. well-documented evidence suggests that limited english proficiency often becomes a barrier to access and adherence to necessary treatments and services derose baker, ; fiscella, franks, doescher, saver, ; sentell, shumway, snowden, . programming that does not incorporate the needs of language minorities can inadvertently contribute to poorer quality of care and, hence, lead to health disparities ponce, hays, cunningham, . research that aims to understand the social and health service needs of this vulnerable population is then vital to the attempt to reduce the gap in access to and quality of services. unfortunately, research on language minorities is scant, perhaps due to the challenges involved in conducting research in other languages frayne, bums, hardt, rosen, moskowitz, , and the heterogeneity of this population requires researchers to design studies that are not only linguistically, but also culturally appropriate for each specific language group li et al., . it is also possible that little publicity and lack of public outcry about this issue may lead to the unintended yet continued exclusion of this population from research studies frayne et al., . to address growing concern about the exclusion of language minorities from national studies, a group of representatives from the national institute on aging and the national institute of child health and human development conveyed a work group and issued a report, diverse voices li et al., . this report urged researchers to overcome barriers that prevent the inclusion of language minorities in national studies. the group argued that lack of data on language minorities is problematic because both policymakers and service providers may not have the necessary information to meet the needs of this population. social work may be uniquely well positioned to meet this challenge as professional standard calls for cultural competence; however, the literature that specifically discusses language-related issues and culturally competent research methods with language minorities is regrettably limited in social work. in fact, an extensive search of the databases academic search premier, psychology and behavioral science collection, social work abstracts, and soclndex with full text using the key words "language minority," "non-english speaking population," "limited english proficiency," and "cross-cultural" yielded no literature that explicitly discussed culturally responsive social work research methods specific to language minorities. a handful of social work articles have addressed cultural and methodological issues in research with minorities and vulnerable populations amador, travis, mcauley, bernard, mccutcheon, ; potocky rodgers-farmer, ; poupart, baker, horse, ; shams robinson, , but none of these articles suggested or discussed strategies on how to include language minorities in research investigations. given the unique challenges of including language minorities in research, this article extends the literature by bringing together disparate research on language minorities to provide a conceptual framework for research with this population. specifically, we adapt meleis's conceptual framework for culturally competent scholarship to offer practical strategies to systematically include language minorities throughout the research process from problem formulation to dissemination. the tying together of extant research on language minorities to inform research methods can assist in bridging the gap between the call for knowledge regarding language minorities' service needs and the paucity of research. meleis presented eight criteria of culturally competent scholarship: . contextuality, an understanding of the sociocultural, political, and historical context of where the study participants live; . relevance, research questions that address issues faced by the study population and serve interests in improving their lives; . communication style, an understanding of the preferred communication styles of the research participants and their communities and the subtleties and variations inherent in the language used; . awareness of identity and power differences, a cognizance of researcher-participant power differences, the establishment of credibility, and the development of more horizontal relationships; . disclosure, the avoidance of secrecy and the building of trust with the study population; . reciprocation, research that meets mutual goals and objectives of the researcher and the study population; . empowerment, a research process that contributes to empowering the study population; and . time, a flexible approach to time in the research process in terms of quantity and quality of time spent. these criteria do not suggest independent qualities or a hierarchal order of competence; rather, they are interrelated, and all qualities are necessary for culturally competent research see figure . to our knowledge, meleis's framework is one of the few that has integrated the concept of cultural competence into research methods. the framework has been used to evaluate culturally competent knowledge development mendias guevara, , culturally specific measurements im, meleis, lee, , and the evaluation of the rigor and credibility of research with diverse populations jacobson, chu, pascucci, gaskins, ; mill ogilvie, ; saltus, . although meleis developed these criteria for nursing scholars, we believe them to be valid for culturally competent social work research because they focus on values relevant to social work practice, such as awareness of power differences and empowerment perspectives. figure omitted although meleis's original framework provided criteria for culturally competent scholarship, it offered no specific strategies to apply such criteria in research methods. we synthesized the literature on language minorities to expand and adapt meleis's criteria to address specific methodological issues that are unique to this population. furthermore, specific strategies for overcoming the challenges of including language minorities in research are provided. to this end, this article is organized by the following four methodological areas: research problem formulation, recruitment and retention, measurement, and dissemination see figure . research problem formulation research with language minorities calls for a consideration of the unique challenges faced by this population. culturally responsive research problem formulation with this population, therefore, necessitates consideration of contexuality, relevance, reciprocation, and empowerment. an understanding of context includes knowledge regarding where the target population lives and a consideration of the environmental factors associated with the problems faced by the study population. such understanding would provide the researcher with the requisite knowledge to effectively conduct research with this population. it may also equip the researcher to understand what problems are considered to be most salient, or relevant, by the study population. investigating a research problem that is identified as an issue or a concern by the population of interest may, in turn, encourage reciprocation, whereby research results are considered to be mutually beneficial to both the researcher and the study population in addressing the problem, and this process will empower the study population. culturally competent research criteria compel researchers to develop strategies to identify and understand the unique issues faced by a target language population. to this end, due to the paucity of research with this population, a literature review alone may not be sufficient to develop contextually relevant research questions. one possible strategy includes conducting focus groups with community leaders and providers and enlisting a culturally and linguistically specific committee composed of community leaders to consult during the research development process han, kang, kim, ryu, kim, ; ogilvie, burgess-pinto, caufield, . work with these community leaders can assist researchers in understanding the sociopolitical context of the community where the target language minority individuals live. furthermore, it can help identify research problems that are a concern of and are relevant to the community. figure omitted recruitment and retention recruitment and retention of minority research participants has been a major challenge for scientific research. it is even more difficult to recruit and retain language minority individuals, because, as u.s. census bureau data indicate, many of these individuals do not speak english well and live in linguistically isolated households. consequently, it requires considerable effort to reach out to language minority individuals and attain their interest, trust, and agreement to participate in research. culturally competent research team. foremost, developing a culturally competent research team that can communicate effectively with the community is crucial for the recruitment and retention of language minorities. such a research team usually requires bilingual bicultural staff who can potentially take on the roles of interpreter and translator. it should be noted that although the literature routinely refers to bilingual staff as culturally and linguistically competent, being able to speak a language does not necessarily translate to cultural competence. some research indicates that accessing language minorities is more difficult when researchers are considered to be "cultural outsiders" that is, the researchers are from a different cultural background phenice, griffore, hakoyama, silvey, 109 . lt is often assumed that "insider" researchers are more capable and effective in research with ethnic minorities. in many cases, however, bilingual staff may differ greatly from the study population because of their varied socioeconomic backgrounds and immigration histories tsai et al., . therefore, some argue that cultural matching of researchers staff and study participants does not necessarily ensure culturally competent research; rather, the most important characteristic m this relationship is the cultural responsiveness of the researchers sawyer et al., . accordingly, in addition to linguistic competence, each research staff person also needs to possess competence in culturally sensitive commnication characterized by meleis's criteria: conmmnicating in a manner that is sincere and respectful conmunication style , working as an equal partner awareness of identify and power differences , and avoiding secrecy disclosure am all important qualities necessary for a culturally responsive research team. researchers have reported that culturally appropriate and personal communications are particularly effective in recruiting and retaining immigrant study participants aroian, katz, kulwicki, ; maxwell, bastani, vida, warda, ; taylor-piliae, . adequate cultural sensitivity training for all bilingual staff is then essential, because bilingual research staff often play a pivotal role in communicating with the target community and potential study participants. community relationship building. building supportive relationships with the target language minority community is crucial for the successful recruitment and retention of study participants. to this end, it is essential to understand that language minority communities often build and operate their own social support networks to support members who have limited ability to communicate with mainstream u.s. society. these social support networks may include religious organizations, community social service organizations, voluntary organizations, and interest groups. researchers must then have buy-in from community leaders as they may be especially vital in the recruitment of minority individuals. in fact, this buy-in from community leaders will facilitate the recruitment of study participants. consistent communication with and exposure to the community has been found to be an effective strategy for building trusting relationships with community leaders and securing their support han et al., ; yancey, ortega, kumanyike, . such relationship building requires additional time and effort both before and during research; therefore, researchers may need to build extra time and flexibility into their time table. culturally sensitive research settings. culturally competent recruitment of study parti cipants requires that researchers be cognizant of researcher-participant power differences and disclose their positions. consideration of these competency criteria can allow researchers to create a research environment that is culturally sensitive and appropriate for the target population. because of their potentially fragile immigration status, for example, many language minorities may fear involvement in formal activities, such as research. language minorities may then be reluctant to sign formal documents, even when these are translated into their language han et al., , out of a fear of compromising their immigration status. for some immigrants, signing a technical form may also remind them of traumatic or difficult experiences in their home country yick berthold, . this may create a challenge in obtaining signed informed consent. although the informed consent process should not be compromised, some flexibility in requiring written informed consent may be needed with language minorities. researchers may then need to act as "cultural brokers" between the ethnic minority community and the research establishment and may have to educate the institutional review board members regarding culturally responsive protocol that also meets the ethical standards of research norris demarco, . measurement issues have always been a central concern when conducting research with ethnic minorities. consideration of measurement issues is especially important in research with language minorities because of cultural and linguistic differences in perceptions and expressions among each language minority group. careful examination and understanding of such differences within the target population ensures use of valid measurements in research with the population. measurement translation. research with language minorities necessitates the use of measures in the language used by the target language population. although it is most preferred to use translated versions of standardized instruments that have been tested and validated through rigorous research, it is often difficult to find such instruments in every language. for that reason, translation and subsequent analysis of the psychometric properties of a measure are often necessary in research with language minorities. therefore, it is essential that researchers be knowledgeable about the issues involved in the translation of instruments carlson, . the translation of measures require more than simple verbatim translation of words in one language to another language. it is an intricate process that requires an understanding of the context of the concept being studied. specifically, an understanding of the cultural meaning of the concept of interest is vital to being able to convey the subtle meaning of the concept in the most accurate manner possible and, therefore, developing linguistic equivalency van de vijver leung, . with an increasing demand for linguistically and culturally valid instruments, a number of techniques and guidelines have been recommended for instrument translation for example, chavez canino, ; u.s. census bureau methodology and standards council, ; van de vijver leung, ; world health organization, . the most widely used technique in these guidelines is the model proposed by brislin , , which consists of a series of translations and back-translations of the original instrument by bilingual individuals. this technique involves four steps: forward-translation of the english instrument into the target language by a bilingual individual, back-translation of the translated instrument into english by another bilingual individual, comparative review of the original english and back-translated english versions of the instrument for any inconsistencies, and revision of the translated instrument through collaborative work by the bilingual translators and possibly additional bilingual individuals . a recent review of instrument translation methods identified six types of translation approaches: forward-only, forward-only with testing, back-translation only, backtranslation with monolingual testing, back-translation with bilingual testing, and back-translation with both monolingual and bilingual testing maneesriwongul dixon, . another commonly used translational method is a committee approach in which a team of bilingual committee members translates the instrument as a group van de vijver leung, . researchers usually use these procedures in combination, followed by pretesting of the instrument and revisions as needed. it is likely that the selection of appropriate translation methods depends on the resources that the researcher has because some methods require more resources than do others. nonetheless, it is essential that translation be conducted by at least two bilingual individuals who understand culturally specific language use and expressions in both english and the target language. the foremost concern of instrument translation is ensuring measurement equivalence--that is, the translated version of the measure should work equivalently in the target population as the original measure does and measure the same construct it is designed to measure carlson, . although numerous types of equivalence have been suggested in ensuring the cross-cultural validity of measurement, equivalence essentially refers to ensuring the validity of a measure across culture chang, chau, holroyd, ; willgerodt, kataoka-yahiro, kim, ceria, . measurement equivalence of the translated instruments should be examined through psychometric analysis before research hypotheses are tested, because the translation process inherently leads to changes in the psychometric properties of an instrument carlson, ; hilton skrutkowski, . van de vijver warned that absence of measurement equivalence indicates cross-cultural difference in the conceptualization of the measure or poor translation and, thus, should not be used to infer cross-cultural differences. for that reason, evaluation of the translated version of the instrument is a vital step in the development of a cross-culturally valid measure with each specific language population. qualitative data. culturally responsive data collection and interpretation of qualitative data require that researchers understand the preferred communication style of study participants and have knowledge and skills in contextualizing the meaning of the words and behaviors, and their subtleties and variations, exhibited by study participants. the translation and the interpretation of qualitative data collected from language minorities involve unique methodological issues that require special considerations. researchers need to determine how data will be collected and in which language the data will be analyzed--in the language of the study population or in english. it is essential that researchers collecting qualitative data carefully consider who collects the data. bilingual researchers may be able to collect data on their own, but when researchers do not speak the language of the study population, they have to rely on bilingual interviewers for data collection. in such cases, one of the most important decisions that nonbilingual researchers need to make is whether they want to actively participate in data collection in real time when the bilingual interviewer collects data. one approach is to provide extensive training for bilingual interviewers, and then the trained bilingual interviewers can conduct data collection entirely without the participation of the nonbilingual researcher for example, quine, ; wong, yoo, stewart, . whereas this approach may be more time efficient, it limits the researcher's ability to control data collection beyond what was planned and what the bilingual interviewer was trained to do. an alternative approach that allows the nonbilingual researcher's real-time participation is the rapid bilingual appraisal model whelan, , in which an interpreter interprets the proceedings to the researcher as the bilingual interviewer collects data. adapting this model, garrett, dickson, lis-young, whelm, and roberto-forero conducted focus groups with several language groups and reported that this approach allowed the nonbilingual researcher to fully engage in data collection while ensuring the natural flow of the focus group interview. unlike in the case of instrument translation, no methodologically rigorous standards for analyzing data collected in a language other than english to be used for english language dissemination exist lopez, figueroa, connor, maliski, . in their review of the literature, lopez et al. found that researchers commonly used a method wherein data is collected in the language of the study participants; this is then translated into english and transcribed for analysis. they warned that this method can create "the opportunity for interpreter bias" and proposed that a more accurate analysis can be obtained through adaptation of brislin's , process: verbatim transcription of the source language first, translation of the transcript, review of the two transcripts by multiple translators, and corrections if necessary. another important consideration is who translates and analyzes the data. although insider researchers have the ability to potentially translate and analyze data on their own, which is advantageous, some warn of the threat of bias in this process and recommend the use of additional linguistically and culturally competent individuals to minimize bias squires, . a recent study further suggested that having only insider researchers analyzing data may result in shortcomings. specifically, tsai et al. found that "outsider" coders tended to raise questions about the meanings of words, whereas insider coders did not. they suggested that insider coders may have been so well acquainted with the behaviors and concepts shared by participants that it prevented them from identifying relevant and unique cultural concepts. subsequently, tsai et al. recommended the use of both insider and outsider coders in qualitative data analysis with linguistic minorities. finally, as described earlier, the translation process for instruments and qualitative data consists of a series of repeated translation and review steps that is likely to require additional time. because time is an important factor in implementation of the research project, researchers need to build adequate time for translation into a study's process design. dissemination of study findings is the goal of any scientific inquiry. meleis stressed reciprocation and empowerment as essential criteria for culturally competent scholarship. these criteria call for the dissemination of findings for the purpose of advancing mutual goals and empowering the community for further improvement of the lives of its people. dissemination of study findings is particularly important for research with ethnic minorities yick berthold, . lack of data on language minorities has resulted in such minorities' relative invisibility in both research and policy, which leads to the exclusion of this population's needs and problems in the development of policy, programs, and treatments li et al., . culturally responsive research demands that researchers bear the responsibility of disseminating study findings to address this gap in the knowledge base. in addition to scientific publication, it is important that study findings be disseminated to stakeholders at all levels. researchers could use various dissemination strategies, such as press releases, summary reports, research brief brochures, policy briefs, study newsletters, community agency publications and web sites, and local events and meetings community alliance for research and engagement, . dissemination of research findings to the community is crucial to the process of facilitating the use of evidence to ameliorate the consequences of social problems faced by the community papadopoulos lees, . researchers have long been criticized for their lack of long-term investment in the communities where they conduct their research gil bob, ; pinto, mckay, escobar, . lack of follow-through in sharing of study results and long-term commitment from researchers can often result in distrust among community members, especially those who are socially isolated from mainstream establishments, such as language minorities. consequently, language minorities may become cautious about participating in future studies or collaborating with researchers. hence, it is imperative that researchers return to the community on completion of the study and disseminate key findings. the realization of such reciprocal opportunities allows for future research and collaborative opportunities to work toward the improvement of the community. underutilization of social and health care services among ethnic and racial minority populations compels the development of culturally responsive programming caldwell et al., . although limited english proficiency is known to be a barrier to the effective delivery of services furman et al., , scant literature has focused on advancing the social work knowledge and skills needed for work with language minorities. moreover, perhaps due to a presumption of social worker competence in dealing with language minorities, little discussion has appeared on the unique methodological challenges of and research strategies for working with language minorities, further hindering research in this area. the gap in the knowledge base regarding the distinct and diverse needs of language minorities has significant repercussions for our ability to conduct research with them. perhaps this gap is partially attributable to the myriad challenges involved in including language minority participants in research studies. regardless, research with these groups is essential for the development of culturally responsive health and social programming. social work researchers may be at an advantage to conduct research with language minorities because of the profession's traditional relationship with the community and prominent role in the human services sector. furthermore, the profession's explicit focus on social justice charges social work researchers with the responsibility to contribute to the knowledge base on vulnerable populations. to this end, this is one of the first studies to offer a culturally responsive conceptual framework for research with language minorities. by expanding and adapting meleis's criteria for culturally competent scholarship to include language minorities, this article offers practical strategies to effectively work with language minority communities throughout the research process. specifically, this article's adaptation of meleis's conceptual framework allows researchers to logically and systematically examine methodological issues in research with language minorities. the incorporation of such culturally responsive research practices with language minorities has the potential to enhance trust and, thus, improve the recruitment and retention of language minorities. in addition, the inclusion of culturally responsive criteria throughout the research process may generate results with improved validity jacobson et al., and, thus, further the knowledge base regarding language minorities. more important, the advancement of research with language minorities is an important step toward the improvement of health and social services access and quality of care among this group. original manuscript received final revision received advance access publication amador, t. k., travis, s., mcauley, w., bernard, m., mccutcheon, m. . recruitment and retention of ethnically diverse long-term family caregivers for research. journal of gerontological social work, , 139-152. aroian, k. j., katz, a., kulwicki, a. . recruiting and retaining arab muslim mothers and children for research. journal of nursing scholarship, , 255-261. brislin, r. w. . back-translation for cross-cultural research. journal of cross-cultural psychology, , 185-216. brislin, r. w. . translation and content analysis of oral and written materials. in h. c. triandis, j. w. berry eds. , handbook of cross-cultural psychology: methodology pp. 389-444 . boston: allyn bacon. caldwell, l. d., tarver, d., iwamoto, d. k., herzberg, s., cerda- lizarraga, p., mack, t. . defining cultural competency: from a human service provider prospective. journal of multicultural counseling and development, , -100. carlson, e. d. . a case study in translation methodology using the health-promotion lifestyle profile ii. public health nursing, , -. chang, a. m., chau, j.p.c., holroyd, e. . translation of questionnaires and issues of equivalence. journal of advanced nursing, , 316-322. chavez, l. m., canino, g. . toolkit on translating and adapting instruments. retrieved from community alliance for research and engagement. . beyond scientific publication: strategies for disseminating research findings. new haven, ct: yale center for clinical investigation. derose, k. p., baker, d. w. . limited english proficiency and latinos' use of physician services. medical care research and review, , -. fiscella, k., franks, p., doescher, m., saver, b. . disparities in health care race, ethnicity, and language among the insured. medical care, , -. frayne, s. m., bums, r. b., hardt, e.j., rosen, a. k., moskowitz, m. a. . the exclusion of non-english-speaking persons from research. journal of general internal medicine, , -. furman, r., negi, n.j., iwamoto, d. k., rowan, d., shukraft, a., gragg, j. . social work practice with latinos: key issues for social workers. social work, , 167-174. garrett, p. w., dickson, h. g., lis-young, a., whelan, a. k., roberto-forero. . what do non-english-speaking patients value in acute care? cultural competency, from the patient's perspective: a qualitative study. ethnicity health, , 479-496. gil, e., bob, s. . culturally competent research: an ethnical perspective. clinical psychology review, , -. han, h., kang, j., kim, k., ryu, j., kim, m. . barriers to and strategies for recruiting korean americans for community-partnered health promotion research. journal of immigrant and minority health, , 137-146. hilton, a., skrutkowski, m. . translating instruments into other languages: development and testing processes. cancer nursing, , -. im, e. o., meleis, a. i., lee, k. a. . cultural competence of measurement scales of menopausal symptoms: use in research among korean women. international journal of nursing studies, , 455-463. jacobson, s. f., chu, n., pascucci, m. a., gaskins, s. w. . culturally competent scholarship in nursing research. journal of transcultural nursing, , 202-209. li, r. m., mccardle, p., clark, r. l., kinsella, k., berch, d. . diverse voices: the inclusion of language-minority populations in national studies: challenges and opportunities. bethesda, md: national institute on aging national institute of child health and human development. lopez, g. i., figueroa, m., connor, s. e., maliski, s. l. . translation barriers in conducting qualitative research with spanish speakers. qualitative health research, , . maneesriwongul, w., dixon, j. k. . instrument translation process: a methods review. methodological issues in nursing research, , 175-186. maxwell, a. e., bastani, r., vida, p., warda, u. s. . strategies to recruit and retain older filipino-american immigrants for a cancer screening study. journal of community health, , 167-179. meleis, a. i. . culturally competent scholarship: substance and rigor. advances in nursing science, , -. mendias, e. p., guevara, e. b. . assessing culturally competent scholarship. journal of professional nursing, , 256-266. mill, j. e., ogilvie, l. d. . establishing methodological rigor in international qualitative nursing research: a case study from ghana. journal of advanced nursing, , -. norris, a. e., demarco, r. f. . the mechanics of conducting culturally relevant hiv prevention research with haitian american adolescents: lessons learned. journal of multicultural nursing health, , -. ogilvie, l. d., burgess-pinto, e., caufield, c, . challenges and approaches to newcomer health research. journal of transcultural nursing, , -. papadopoulos, i., lees, s. . developing culturally competent researchers, journal of advanced nursing, , 258-264. phenice, l. a., griffore, r. j., hakoyama, m., silvey, l. a. . ecocultural adaptive research: a synthesis of ecocultural theory, participatory research, and adaptive design. family and consumer sciences research journal, , 298-309. pinto, r., mckay, m., escobar, c. . "you've gotta know the community": minority women make recommendations about community-focused health research. women health, , -104. ponce, n., hays, r., cunningham, w. . linguistic disparities in health care access and health status among older adults. journal of general international medicine, , 786-791. potocky, m., rodgers-farmer, a. y. . social work research with minority and oppressed populations. binghamton, ny: haworth press. poupart, j., baker, l., horse, j. r. . research with american indian communities: the value of authentic partnerships. children and youth services review, , . quine, s. . health concerns and expectations of anglo and ethnic older australians: a comparative approach. journal of cross-cultural gerontology, , -111. saltus, r. . the benefits and challenges of voluntary-academic-sector research partnerships: a critical reflection rooted in the meleis criteria for culturally competent research. journal of research in nursing, , 531-540. sawyer, l., regev, h., proctor, s., nelson, m., messias, d., barnes, d., et al. . matching versus cultural competence in research: methodological considerations. research in nursing health, , 557-567. sentell, t., shumway, m., snowden, l. . access to mental health treatment by english language proficiency and race ethnicity. journal of general internal medicine, suppl. , 289-293. shams, m., robinson, l. . a critical interdisciplinary analysis of culturally appropriate research approach and practice in health care and social work. child care in practice, , 457-470. squires, a. . language barriers and qualitative nursing research: methodological considerations. international nursing review, , 265-273. taylor-piliae, r. . methods to optimize recruitment and retention to an exercise study in chinese immigrants. nursing research, , 132-136. tsai, j. h., choe, j. h., mu, c. l., acorda, e., chan, n. l., taylor, v. m., et al. . developing culturally competent health knowledge: issues of data analysis of cross-cultural, cross-language qualitative research. international journal of qualitative methods, , -. u.s. census bureau. . american community survey: selected characteristics of the native and foreign-born populations. retrieved from u.s. census bureau methodology and standards council. . census bureau guideline: language translation of data collection instruments and supporting materials. retrieved from docs 2004aprillanguage-translation-guidelines.pdf van de vijver, f. . bias and substantive analyses. in j. a. harkness, f.j.r. van de vijver, p. p. mohler eds. , cross-cultural survey methods pp. 207-233 . hoboken, nj: john wiley sons. van de vijver, f., leung, m. . methods and data analysis for cross-cultural research. thousand oaks, ca: sage publications. whelan, a. m. . consultation with non-english speaking communities: rapid bilingual appraisal. australian health review, , 311-316. willgerodt, m. a, kataoka-yahiro, m., kim, e., ceria, c. . issues of instrument translation in research on asian immigrant populations. journal of professional nursing, , 231-239. wong, s. t., yoo, g.j., stewart, a. l. . examining the types of social support and the actual sources of support in older chinese and korean immigrants. international journal of aging and human development, , 105-121. world health organization. . process of translation and adaptation of instruments. retrieved from yancey, a. k., ortega, a. n., kumanyike, s. k. . effective recruitment and retention of minority research participants. annual review of public health, , -. yick, a. g., berthold, s. m. . conducting research on violence in asian american communities: methodological issues. violence and victims, , 661-677. banghwa lee casado, phd, and nalini junko negi, phd, are assistant professors, and michin hong, msw, phd, is an adjunct faculty member, school of social work, university of maryland, baltimore. an earlier version of this article was presented at the annual program meeting of the council on social work education, , san antonio, tx. address correspondence to banghwa lee casado, school of social work, university of maryland, 525 west redwood street, baltimore, md ; e-mail: email
__label__non_math	0.9995	sorry for jumping back and forth, but sometimes deliciousness throws me off track. linear blogging is so aughts anyway. at any rate, the overpriced the bad focuses on two of my not so great experiences in vegas; one a semi-miss and one a complete and utter mother of all misses. not every meal can be hit, and here s proof. more a lot happened in . some good, some bad, and some downright dreadful. the dreadful part was especially rough, but one thing i learned through it all is to appreciate your loved ones. so last weekend, i took my mom on a trip to las vegas, and one of our stops was in-n-out. because what better way to say i love you than with in-n-out burgers and fries? more one great thing about traveling is having an excuse to go to a nice restaurant. it s like, hey, we re in enter vacation destination here , we should go to at least one nice restaurant while we re here. basically, it s just an excuse to overeat. vacations and holidays are great in that way. i love having a free fat bastard pass. so when david and i were planning for vegas, i suggested l atelier de jo l robuchon. yes, i know there is an l atelier in new york, but when are we ever going to go? when we re at home in new york, it seems too extravagant to go somewhere fancy unless we have a reason. i should really plan a staycation, and just enjoy new york one of these days. perhaps when it s warmer l atelier offers counter service in that you sit at the counter and watch your food being created right in front of you in the open kitchen. this is restaurant theater at it s best. robuchon was probably the first to popularize this trend in fine-dining restaurants. now, everyone does it. i love this concept because it s fun to watch the dynamics of a kitchen. david likes it because he wants to make sure no one does anything gross to his food. oh ye of little faith. more my vegas vacation didn t start off well. i had to catch a flight on thursday, which left me all day to leisurely pack and have a nice lunch before i left for the airport. of course, things don t usually go as planned. long story short, there was a crisis at work, lunch was instant ramen, bag was packed in a mad rush, fight ensued when a hipster cut in front of me to steal my cab, hit major traffic, got to the airport late, and caused an embarrassing scene involving screaming, cursing, and counter-pounding when i was told i had to go stand-by on the next flight to las vegas. sounds bad, but i guess it could have been worse. i think one thing that kept me from completely losing it at jfk was the sudden realization that there might be an in-n-out burger in vegas. yes, in times of stress i think of food. i looked online while waiting at the gate and voila as i mentioned here before, i m not crazy for hamburgers, but i d been dying to try in-n-out because of all the hype surrounding their burgers. living on the east coast my whole life, i ve always heard about the incredible deliciousness of in-n-out from friends who traveled to la la land for vacation. they claimed nothing compared, even shake shack. so as soon as i got to my hotel in vegas, i told david s sister jasmine, who i had just awakened from a peaceful slumber, that i had to go to in-n-out. forget the fact it was . i was finally within reach of the mythic burger of west coast lore. jasmine though looked at me sleepily from her bed and laughed politely and went back to sleep. the burger had to wait. more
__label__non_math	0.9998	lake mary doctors advise annual pelvic exams in light of new health care laws sunstate medical associates encourage female patients to visit a physician for annual pelvic exams even if the patients chooses to forego a pap test. lake mary doctors hope that an increase in yearly checkups, now covered by most insurers, will decrease late detection of cervical cancer. lake mary, fl prweb according to usa today, american college of obstetricians and gynecologists recently updated it's guidelines, encouraging women to keep coming in for annual "well woman" exams. they agree that even if these visits do not include a pap test for cervical cancer, the visit should still include a pelvic exam to check for developing signs of cervical cancer. this timely recommendation coincides with new federal rules that now require insurance companies to fully cover annual physician checkups for women. health advocates, including the physicians of central florida, hope that this new mandate will increase annual visits and decrease late detection of cervical cancer. why annual pelvic exams are necessary: pap smears and pelvic exams are often performed at the same time, but they are not the same thing. when a doctor performs a pap, they collect a sample of cells which they screen for cervical cancer, sexually transmitted diseases and infections. healthy women may only need them every two to five years. on the other hand, pelvic exams should be thought of as check-ups, and should be performed annually with or without a pap. farideh zadeh, board certified internist at sunstate medical associates, commented on the necessity of this exam, a pelvic exam is a check-up of your vagina, cervix, uterus and ovaries. this exam should be performed every year to check for abnormalities including infection, irritation and sexually transmitted infections. even if you forego a pap smear, you need to get a pelvic exam every year to ensure early detection and diagnosis if an issue arises. dr. zadeh hopes that news of this new addition to health care law will increase awareness of the issue and motivate female patients to make annual checkups and pelvic exams a health priority. about sunstate medical associates: sunstate medical associates specialize in internal medicine and handle a wide spectrum of medical concerns, from the common cold to diabetes to heart disease. these sanford physicians also provide regular preventative care visits such as physicals, pap smears and adult check-ups. sunstate medical clinic is a private practice group of three physicians specializing in internal medicine. each of their physicians is board certified american board of internal medicine, which means that patients will get knowledgeable, up to date care for any medical concern they may have. physicians not only provide primary care, but are also adept at coordinating patient care if the patient sees multiple specialists or have several medical conditions. for more information on sunstate medical associates please call 407-333- or visit for the original version on prweb visit: article
__label__non_math	0.9900	nes-ziona, israel, prnewswire -- prolor biotech, inc. nyse mkt: pbth today announced that it has received a notice of allowance from the u.s. patent and trademark office uspto for a new patent application covering the company's long-acting ctp-enhanced human growth hormone hgh-ctp . upon issuance, the new patent would provide prolor with additional intellectual property protection covering methods for the induction of growth in growth hormone deficient patients. this new patent is the fourth hgh-ctp patent that has been allowed by the uspto. the expanding hgh-ctp patent estate is expected to provide additional protection for prolor's hgh-ctp compound, in addition to a number of ctp platform patents that have already issued. "upon issuance, this new hgh-ctp patent will be a significant addition to prolor's intellectual property portfolio," said shai novik, president of prolor. "we have several other ctp-related patent applications that are currently pending, and we believe that this growing patent portfolio will reinforce our existing patent estate for our ctp-enhanced compounds in development, as well as for our ctp platform technology generally." this new u.s. patent is expected to issue in the next few months. previously reported data from the company's phase ii trial of hgh-ctp in growth hormone deficient adults showed that a single weekly injection has the potential to reduce the required dosing frequency of human growth hormone from the current standard of one injection per day to a single weekly injection. in this trial, hgh-ctp demonstrated a good safety and tolerability profile. a phase ii trial in growth hormone deficient children is currently enrolling patients. about prolor's ctp technology prolor's ctp technology is based on the naturally-occurring human carboxyl terminal peptide ctp . when attached to a therapeutic protein, ctp significantly extends the length of time the protein remains active in the body. clinical and preclinical studies have shown that the ctp technology appears to be safe and effective in extending the duration of all proteins tested to date. ctp's safety and efficacy have also been validated by the marketing approval of merck's long-acting ctp-enhanced fertility drug elonva fsh-ctp . a single elonva injection replaces a regimen of seven daily fsh injections. results from a phase ii trial of prolor's ctp-modified human growth hormone hgh-ctp in growth hormone deficient adults show that a single weekly injection of hgh-ctp has the potential to replace seven consecutive daily injections of currently marketed human growth hormone. ctp was identified by researchers at washington university in st. louis and is exclusively licensed to prolor for all proteins and peptides, except for four endocrine proteins that are licensed to merck. ctp is manufactured using standard industrial biotech processes. prolor biotech, inc. is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company applying unique technologies, including patented ctp technology, primarily to develop longer-acting proprietary versions of already approved therapeutic proteins that currently generate billions of dollars in annual global sales. the ctp technology is applicable to virtually all proteins. prolor is currently developing a long-acting version of human growth hormone, which successfully completed a phase ii clinical trial. it also is developing long-acting versions of factor viia and factor ix for hemophilia and a glp- glucagon dual receptor agonist peptide for diabetes and obesity, all of which are in preclinical development. for more information, visit safe harbor statement: this press release contains forward-looking statements, which may be identified by words such as "expects," "plans," "projects," "will," "may," "anticipates," "believes," "should," "would", "intends," "estimates," "suggests," "has the potential to" and other words of similar meaning, including statements regarding the results of current clinical studies and preclinical experiments and the effectiveness of prolor's long-acting protein programs, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of . investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may affect prolor's business and prospects, including the risks that prolor may not succeed in generating any revenues or developing any commercial products, including any long-acting versions of human growth hormone, erythropoietin, interferon beta, glp-and other products; that the long-acting products in development may fail, may not achieve the expected results or effectiveness and or may not generate data that would support the approval or marketing of these products for the indications being studied or for other indications; that ongoing studies may not continue to show substantial or any activity; that the actual dollar amount of any grants from israel's office of the chief scientist is uncertain and is subject to policy changes of the israeli government, and that such grants may be insufficient to assist with product development; and other risks and uncertainties that may cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. the results of clinical trials in humans may produce results that differ significantly from the results of clinical and other trials in animals. the results of early-stage trials may differ significantly from the results of more developed, later-stage trials. the development of any products using the ctp platform technology could also be affected by a number of other factors, including unexpected safety, efficacy or manufacturing issues, additional time requirements for data analyses and decision making, the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation, the impact of competitive products and pricing and the impact of patents and other proprietary rights held by competitors and other third parties. in addition to the risk factors described above, investors should consider the economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors discussed in prolor's filings with the securities and exchange commission. the forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date the statements were made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements, except as required under applicable law. source prolor biotech, inc.
__label__non_math	0.9976	general departmental seminar series standard vocabularies for health care: the state of the art dr. jason lyman, assistant professor, division of clinical informatics, department of health evaluation sciences, university of virginia health system at charlottesville, virginia. friday, , g5 136-142 clinical sciences center, 600 highland ave. a fundamental challenge in medical informatics continues to be the "representation of patient data in usable form" cimino, . existing coding and classification systems in widespread use meet basic financial needs of health care delivery, but lack the ability to represent detailed, unambiguous clinical concepts, have limited information about how concepts are related to each other. increasingly, comprehensive medical vocabularies are becoming available, but challenges remain, primarily around their implementation. the focus of this presentation will be on existing terminologies, their evaluation, and challenges to widespread adoption. back to general departmental seminar series
__label__non_math	0.9995	i have been trying to remember what stood out as significant, but it went by so quickly and i largely remember spending hours in the little library or the dining area pouring over my assignments i was at hsmc as a student on the msc health care policy and management. i remember two really stimulating lectures and intensive tutorials that have stayed with me to this day. the lectures were first by chris ham on his reflections on the new nhs white paper and the second was by kieran walshe on the management of healthcare quality. together, these provided the impetus for my subsequent doctoral studies. the tutorial experience was with penny mullen where i remember she pulled apart the argumentative structure of my draft essays, but helped me learn key skills in clear academic writing.
__label__non_math	0.9977	rather than let money problems interfere with your studies, the student funding office administers a scheme designed to help lighten the finanicial burden some students may experience. access to learning fund alf the access to learning fund alf is the most prominent of the financial support schemes administered by the student funding office. alf is a discretionary grant, funded by the government, to help students in financial difficulty whilst they are studying at university. alf grants do not need to be paid back and can range from 100 to ,500. this fund is intended to assist with general living and course-related costs, not tuition fees or 'lifestyle choices'. alf is only open to uk students who have taken up all statutory support available to them or, in the case of postgraduate students, are able to demonstrate that they have made adequate realistic provision for their studies before embarking on their course. you can only apply for alf support once you have arrived at the university and are registered as a student. all applications are means-tested, therefore some applications will be unsuccessful. learn more about the access to learning fund at directgov.
__label__non_math	0.9765	the law around ending a tenancy is relatively straightforward. you will normally have to serve a written notice on your tenant. the type of notice depends on when the tenancy started and why you want them to leave. if your tenant refuses to leave, you may need to get a possession order from the county court, depending on the type of tenancy agreement you have with your tenant. if your tenant still doesn't leave, you may have to go back to court to get a bailiff's warrant. the important thing to remember is that you cannot evict your tenant yourself, you must follow the correct procedure. contact us for advice. there are different types of tenancies, each with different notice types: if your tenant moved in before january they will probably have a regulated tenancy. to end a regulated tenancy you will have to serve a -day notice to quit. assured tenancies and assured shorthold tenancies if your tenant moved in after january , they will have either an assured tenancy or an assured shorthold tenancy. - an assured tenancy gives your tenant the long-term right to stay in their home. you can only end it if you have a specific reason for doing so, such as rent arrears there are grounds . you must serve either two weeks or two months notice to quit, depending on your reasons for doing so. - an assured shorthold tenancy is for a fixed period of time and gives your tenant fewer rights. at the end of the fixed period of time, you have an automatic right to end the tenancy. you will need to give your tenant two months notice. the notice period cannot end before the end of the agreed fixed-term period. if you don t give notice before the end of the fixed term there are special rules for issuing it at a later date. please see the compact law website for further advice. resident landlord lets and lodgings if you share living accommodation such as a living room, kitchen, or bathroom with your tenant, you need only give reasonable notice. this notice should be at least equal to how often the rent is payable for example, weekly or monthly . at the end of the notice period you can carry out a peaceful eviction and there is no need to get a court order. if you are going to evict your tenant you must be careful not to cause a breach of the peace. it is sensible to take legal advice first. if you live in the same house as your tenant but don t share living accommodation you must serve a notice to quit that: - is equal to how often the rent is due - gives at least days notice - must end on the last day of a rental period the notice must be on a special form which is available from legal stationers. if your tenant has not left at the end of the notice period, you must apply to the county court for a possession order. if you re not sure what type of tenancy you have created, or how much notice to give, see the compact law website for further advice. remember it is a criminal offence to evict a tenant without following the correct procedure.
__label__non_math	1.0000	birmingham conservation trust birmingham conservation trust works to find imaginative and sustainable solutions for historic buildings in the city that are threatened with dereliction and decay. with its charitable status, the trust can draw in funds from lottery and other charitable trusts to tackle buildings no one else will touch and in the process create attractive places to work, live and play. the trust also has an educational remit to promote an understanding and awareness of birmingham's architectural heritage. it does this through talks, lectures and running open days at relevant properties. in this way it remains close to the local communities, who have an interest in the buildings being restored. the group is run by a board of trustees with a wide range of skills, who represent interest groups in the city and the city council planning department. once projects are completed any proceeds are ploughed back into future projects. in recent years the trust has: saved the last courtyard of back to backs in birmingham. in the trust completed an exciting and ambitious scheme to rescue the last courtyard of back to backs in the city and secure their future. the trust raised over .million and undertook a complete programme of repairs. the buildings were then handed over to the national trust who has taken on the long term management. the project, which featured in a five-part documentary by carlton tv, has been an outstanding success, drawing in over ,000 visitors in the first year, becoming a focus for community links and attracting a number of prestigious awards. completed a feasibility study for perrott folly, edgbaston. this magnificent seven story grade ii listed 18th century tower had serious structural problems and needed a new use to secure its future maintenance. however, this is not an easy project as the rooms are small and the stairs are steep and difficult. working with the local community, the trust has completed a detailed study, which explored all available options. as an immediate result of the study, the trust undertook emergency repairs. developed a scheme to open newman brothers coffin works to the public. newman brothers is a most unusual survival of a victorian coffin fittings factory, complete with all its machinery and much of its stock. in its heyday the company exported its goods across the world and their name is a byword for the highest quality coffin handles and shrouds. listed grade ii by english heritage in , the factory was under serious threat of re-development but following an application from the trust to advantage west midlands, the regional development agency bought the factory and agreed to fund birmingham conservation trust to implement a mixed use scheme, whereby the most interesting parts would be opened to the public and the remaining areas converted into offices to generate income for the public parts. this is now the trust major priority and is likely to costs approximately .million. improved the capacity of the trust. the trust has continued to increase its capacity to undertake its challenging work. not only has the board has been strengthened by the introduction of several new active members with appropriate skills but staffing hours have also been increased. thanks to the huge publicity and success of the back to back project the trust has been transformed from a relatively unknown organisation to one is recognised regionally and nationally. the trust website contains full information on all aspects of the trust work. priorities for the future - continue to develop partnerships with local communities and other organisations in the city to facilitate the repair and renewal of buildings at risk - full develop and implement the newman brothers coffin works scheme - continue to raise awareness of the potential of the city buildings for re-use and regeneration - encourage access and enjoyment of birmingham historic buildings by opening them to the public last updated : 5th september
__label__non_math	0.9084	bedroom farce by alan ayckbourn: crescent theatre, birmingham. 643 ; royal shakespeare company present the taming of the shrew: royal shakespeare theatre, stratford written on the heart by david edgar: swan theatre, stratford. bedroom farce by alan ayckbourn: crescent theatre, birmingham. 643 ; royal shakespeare company present the taming of the shrew: royal shakespeare theatre, stratford written on the heart by david edgar: swan theatre, stratford. 800 ; brian conley, lynda bellingham and basil brush in cinderella: birmingham hippodrome. 338 ; birmingham stage company present the jungle book: old rep, birmingham. 245 . ben norris, ian moore, carl donnelly and mark oliver: glee club, birmingham. . rock and pop four years strong: , hmv institute, birmingham; post descartes vexxen kissing lieutenant my haunting revenge bit monster: ., o2 academy , horsefair, bristol st, birmingham; an evening with danny and ben from thunder: wulfrun hall, wolverhampton. 320 ; a pale horse named death: slade rooms, wolverhampton. 320 . open mic comedy: ., the holly bush, newtown lane, cradley heath 959 . cobweb collective: , the yardbird jazz club, centenary square, birmingham b3 3hj; george huxley s all-star band: the old silhillians club house, knowle, .. . folk country cheque mates folk n roots club: coton and hopwas social club, school ln, hopwas . city of birmingham symphony orchestra, piano helene grimaud, conductor andris nelsons: tchaikovsky, brahms: birmingham symphony hall, .. 780 . barber institute of fine arts, birmingham university: the age of leonardo christian themes in italian renaissance prints. pugin, d rer and the gothic. showing the gallery s eight d rer prints, and stained glass designs by hans holbein and abel stimmer. both until june . 414 . birmingham museum and art gallery, chamberlain square: lost in lace new approaches by uk and international artists large theatrical works in lace, until february . a life in prints exhibition of a bequest from former curator tessa sidey, until march . me, you and everything else words and photos about life in castle vale, until april . ten drawings by leonardo da vinci from the queen s royal collection, on show to mark her diamond jubilee, until march . 303 . eastside projects, heath mill lane, birmingham: painting show and corridor plateau ii, until february . 771 .
__label__non_math	0.9934	emi learned an awful lot from doing the beatles anthology and they did a presentation which is not something they ve done in the past with us on the way it could work, and i think we thought actually, yeah, this could actually be good it did seem to move it on from yet another best of there was a sort of purpose to it, and judging by the response it has worked, because we were wary of being seen to be just repackaging everything again. by the time we d finished with this and found enough stuff to make it interesting, i am pretty happy with it. that s not to say this whole process hasn t thrown up a few regrets for the trio a chance to say ah, if only we d... and doesn t just mean the abandoned household objects experiment. mason admits that, unlike what archivist bill wyman did for the rolling stones, neither he, waters or gilmour have ever been much good at keeping memorabilia from their -plus years career. in mason s case it s little more than the odd tour t-shirt but even that s better than the other two, apparently. in retrospect he admits they should have kept hold of more souvenirs : we should have done, but we should have done a number of other things, he says. the saddest thing is we never filmed the early dark side shows they d be a bit antiquated now, but to some extent there were so many things there that would have been quite interesting to look at now. but hey, you can t do everything... rock star in a reasonably priced car...? aside from his work behind the drums for pink floyd, nick mason s other passion in life is cars notably rosso corsa race red ferraris. through his own ten tenths company he owns and races several classic cars, including a prized ferrari 250gto valued at over million and a ferrari enzo one of only 400 made which he famously lent to bbc s top gear. but while his car has been on the popular motoring show, mason himself has yet to take the star in a reasonably priced car challenge, despite being invited several times: they have asked me, and i have said that at some point i will now, mason reveals. i used to say i really wasn t interested because it could only work against me, because everybody knows i do quite a lot of racing and i thought i don t want to be on the grid with people coming up to me going oh i saw you were beaten by a celeb chef and a comic , but i am heading towards retirement on the motor racing front, so i am more prepared to make a fool of myself.
__label__non_math	1.0000	x close window send your friend s a link to this product along with a personal message to: your friend's email please enter the text below: read all reviews write a review put on an eerie happy face this halloween this item will not be accepted for return unless it is unopened and sealed in its original packaging. old price: . our price: . product id: clown makeup kit this item cannot be shipped outside the usa. view faq most orders placed by cst will ship same day. celebrateexpress.com. .ceweb02
__label__non_math	0.9998	files to download - extract: middle market for credit cards, pdf, 833kb middle market for credit cards, a survey of over 250 middle market companies that use credit and or charge cards for business related expenses. this report complements our research into the commercial finance sector the middle market is defined as businesses with a yearly turnover between 100 million. price on application
__label__non_math	0.9993	this is mr. fist by the way. you need to draw more. and get on steam more. aaanyway i don't think i ever did my introduction. i am nocreativenames, also known in some places as ja-ma-maz, mr. fist, dothekoopa, and a bunch of other names. i think i'm a shitty artist though a few people disagree. i know two people who read this comic from another site and two from real life. this post has been edited by nocreativenames: december -
__label__non_math	1.0000	a digest of important news from sources selected by our local editors. delivered weekday mornings. at its meeting last wednesday, cincinnati city council unanimously approved a grant application for .million from the ohio department of natural resources division of watercraft for a ,000-foot transient boat dock at smale riverfront park. the million facility, meant to accommodate boats staying for days or less, will have space for boats and will include water and electric service. a dock house, called main street landing, would house an office, concessions, restrooms, showers, storage, and laundry facilities. steven schuckman, superintendent of planning, design and facilities for the cincinnati park board, said the boat dock was always planned as a major feature of the park. since smale riverfront park is about bringing people back to the river, the dock is a key element, and the activity of boats docking is an attraction for park visitors, he said. our conversations with boating enthusiasts in the area shows a keen interest in this new facility. if the grant is awarded early next year, cincinnati s percent local match of will come from capital budget resources already dedicated to the park. lemaster is editor and publisher of building-cincinnati.com, a content partner to the business courier. if you are commenting using a facebook account, your profile information may be displayed with your comment depending on your privacy settings. by leaving the 'post to facebook' box selected, your comment will be published to your facebook profile in addition to the space below. the material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of american city business journals.
__label__non_math	0.9998	a digest of important news from sources selected by our local editors. delivered weekday mornings. in the final hours of the legislative session that ended friday, lawmakers passed a bill revamping the california workers compensation system. sb 863, which passed with only four opposing votes in each house, now goes to gov. jerry brown, who greeted it with enthusiasm in a statement over the weekend. i commend the legislature for an extraordinary workers compensation reform bill that helps injured workers and averts an imminent crisis of skyrocketing rates, he wrote. again, republicans have joined democrats to work together perhaps, a portent of good things to come. if the governor signs the bill as expected, it would cut hundreds of millions of dollars in costs out of the system partly through efforts to reduce fraud and to streamline processes. those savings would pay for a million boost in benefits for permanently disabled workers, who have been waiting for an increase after reforms eight years ago went too far, most people agree, in slashing their benefits. an unlikely alliance of labor and large employers drafted the bill and won support from the california department of industrial relations. among remaining opponents last week were lawyers representing injured workers, whose business could be harmed if litigation is reduced. other opponents included the california chiropractic association and the california society of industrial medicine, which represents private occupational doctors. under the bill some physicians and chiropractors would lose some control over patient care. if you are commenting using a facebook account, your profile information may be displayed with your comment depending on your privacy settings. by leaving the 'post to facebook' box selected, your comment will be published to your facebook profile in addition to the space below. the material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of american city business journals.
__label__non_math	0.9975	a digest of important news from sources selected by our local editors. delivered weekday mornings. a lot of people were concerned about giving credit to their colleagues. that was just a nice thing. you have a lot of really talented people doing innovative and extraordinary things. i guess there are egos, too, but there are a lot of people who are very modest. i talked to kary mullis nobel laureate and inventor of the polymerase chain reaction process for amplifying specific dna sequences , who has this certain reputation, but he was a really sweet guy. he was really misunderstood, with the o.j. simpson trial and he wrote his book that was really controversial questioning the scientific evidence about climate change and questioning whether hiv causes aids , but he was very reasonable -- just a nice guy. q.: the book s available only to ceos who attend the biotech meeting and biotech hall of fame award winners. why is that? jones: we are distributing it to a broader group of industry people. initially we were just distributing it for the laguna meeting in early october, but now the distribution is to a broader swatch. q.: you mentioned that the foundation is working on a comprehensive scholarly history of the origins of commercial biotechnology. that sounds like one serious undertaking. i would guess that work for the coffee table book ends up there as well. jones: we re doing research, collecting oral histories, collecting literature, patents, looking at trade publications over the past years and getting into archives where people donated their papers. that research appears in all of the work from the life sciences foundation , all of the publications. the coffee table book, the histories of the field, the magazine -- it all flows together. ron leuty covers biotech, higher education and china for the san francisco business times. if you are commenting using a facebook account, your profile information may be displayed with your comment depending on your privacy settings. by leaving the 'post to facebook' box selected, your comment will be published to your facebook profile in addition to the space below. the material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of american city business journals.
__label__non_math	1.0000	register an account new user? create a new account to take part in all that this site has to offer. it's fast, easy and most important free. woo-hoo - the a to z guide to pr entrepreneurship - top reasons to shut your mouth - tales from the field: raising an entrepreneur - the struggles entrepreneurs face and how to beat them
__label__non_math	0.9995	with a possible resurrection in january . note: this column was published at pj media and teased here at bizzyblog on thursday. maybe the item s cutesy title latest word on the trail? i take it back made potential readers believe that it would be a puff piece. maybe it was management s odd decision to print peters piece on a monday instead of a sunday where it arguably belonged. maybe the blowback from president obama s painfully revealing you didn t build that statement on friday, july in roanoke, virginia monopolized the attention of those who would otherwise have expressed outrage over what peters revealed. those three explanations border on being plausible excuses. a fourth, that nobody cares about what s in the times any more, is clever but obviously unsatisfying, despite the newspaper s roughly percent daily and percent sunday print circulation declines, even with more generous definitions of circulation, in the past six years. the final alternative that what peters reported is so understood to be the way it is in the world of alleged journalism that it wasn t really noteworthy is truly disturbing. what peters told readers, in essence, is that white house officials, the obama administration in general, the obama for america campaign, the campaign of presidential challenger mitt romney though the evidence peters provided is thin and seems to relate largely to the candidate s family , and powerful washington politicians on capitol hill are dictating what the press will print concerning their nonpublic statements and remarks and that the press is, for the most part, acquiescing with little if any objection. consider the following excerpts from peters production: - t he obama campaign s press office has veto power over what statements can be quoted and attributed by name. - quote approval is standard practice for the obama campaign, used by many top strategists and almost all midlevel aides in chicago and at the white house. - from capitol hill to the treasury department, interviews granted only with quote approval have become the default position. - it was difficult to find a news outlet that had not agreed to quote approval, albeit reluctantly. ratner believes that the associated press and mcclatchy are exceptions; i m less than convinced. - many journalists spoke about the editing only if granted anonymity, an irony that did not escape them. the irony may not have escaped them, but integrity apparently has. you know, if you re going to have the white house and political campaigns cleaning up quotes before reporters are even allowed to publish their stories, as ratner aptly describes it, why not just have potential interview subjects email what they want to say directly to newspaper and broadcast news editors and eliminate the middleman, i.e., the alleged journalists? the times itself is among the outfits which has given in to quote approval. a closer look at the particulars of their situation is warranted. in an irony which should not escape readers, the story quotes dean baquet, currently the paper s managing editor for news, moaning about how maybe we have to push back harder. or maybe not, i guess. in , baquet didn t mind pushing back when he was editor at the los angeles times, manning the ramparts, along with that paper s publisher, jeffrey johnson, against its big, bad new owners at the chicago-based tribune company. parent company president scott smith demanded budget cuts, and gave the pair some time to put together a plan to deal with them. demonstrating classic passive-aggressive behavior, baquet and johnson had scott fly out to california to discuss their plan which didn t exist. instead, they went public with their complaints and dared their boss to fire them. three and eight weeks later, johnson and baquet, respectively, were shown the door. if dean baquet really felt, as he said at the time, that the proposed cuts went too far, and that he couldn t live with their outcome, he should have turned in his resignation when he learned of their inevitability. instead, he played childish games of defiance. the new york times apparently didn t mind baquet s insubordination, and rehired him in . perhaps its sympathetic coverage of the la times controversy sent him a signal that he d be welcomed back when not if things didn t work out, both steeling his juvenile resolve and arguably harming a competitor at the same time. in february , baquet was editor on the john mccain-vicki iseman story. wikipedia correctly notes that the story s original version alleged an improper relationship between the two. allahpundit at hot air described it as a sex scandal that may not be a scandal tucked inside an ethics scandal that may not be an ethics scandal tucked inside an ethics scandal that was a genuine scandal years ago. in other words, it was non-story whose sole purpose was to sully the presumptive gop nominee s reputation in the minds of relatively disengaged voters. in the wake of an out-of-court settlement with ms. iseman, the current online version of the story claims that the times did not intend to conclude, that ms. iseman had engaged in a romantic affair with senator mccain or an unethical relationship on behalf of her clients. sure, guys; it was only the article s stupid readers who thought that. in sum, baquet, a spoiled brat of an editor who couldn t tolerate budget cuts and tried to ride out his direct disobedience of corporate orders, failed put a stop to an obviously false report, and perhaps even actively encouraged it. now he tolerates the daily insults to his craft engineered primarily by obama administration and campaign apparatchiks whose only real short-term weapon is denial of access. if the times, with what remaining power and influence it has, began to document and report every instance where a sycophantic administration flunky demanded quote approval and it firmly refused, i ll bet things would change and quickly. but either dean baquet doesn t have the stones to try, or for the time being would prefer not to. perhaps the day he and others in this sadly compromised calling will find the nerve to be journalists again will arrive on about but only if someone other than barack obama begins to occupy the white house.
__label__non_math	1.0000	maple sugar body scrub a pampering, luxurious, moisturizing body scrub designed to mildly exfoliate while providing vital nutrients to revitalize all skin types, especially dull, dry skin, as well as improve microcirculation to the skin s surface. the result is a self-indulgent, soothing massage treatment that leaves skin hydrated, smoother and more inviting. maple sweet body treatment a pampering body treatment that combines a moisturizing body scrub and luxurious body wrap. this treatment mildly exfoliates and improves microcirculation while providing vital nutrients to nourish and revitalize dry, parched skin. a super-rich body massage and wrap with cocoa and shea butter will release built up tension and stress, as well as leave skin hydrated, smooth and incredibly soft. a soul-satisfying scalp treatment offers further relaxation and pampering. perfect for those who are active, athletic types with a tendency towards drier skin and a greater need for muscular stress and tension relief, as well as those with hormone-deprived skin. for the softest skin you will ever experience, a delicious treat to adopt. rice body polish a gentle and effective natural body polish that will invigorate the skin and rid it of impurities and dead cells. the polish is gently massaged over the entire body. rice bran beads exfoliate surface roughness, enabling jojoba oil and bio-maple compound to penetrate, soothe and condition skin. the treatment is completed with the application of warm vitamin-infused moisturizers, leaving the skin renewed and hydrated. glycolic body peel this treatment uses glycolic acid to help gently refine and smooth skin texture by helping to increase the rate of cell renewal and delicately exfoliate surface skin cells. essential vitamins, minerals and nutrients help fortify, hydrate and revive dull, environmentally damaged skin for a healthier, more radiant glow. energizing solefull foot remedy designed for men and women alike, this rejuvenating foot treatment leaves feet feeling relaxed and de-stressed. feet are first soaked in footbath, and then gently exfoliated to smooth dry, rough skin and re-energize fatigued feet. a diatomaceous earth foot masque, rich in vitamins, minerals and moisture-attracting elements, helps to protect and condition tired feet, while anti-inflammatory ingredients help to soothe and cool them. the treatment is completed with the application of a cellular exfoliating cream, which is massaged into the feet for ultimate relaxation. pure sugar and paraffin hand treatment this luxurious treatment, designed to rejuvenate tired hands and prepare nails for polish, uses sweet almond oil and a maple sugar hand scrub to smooth, soften and renew rough, dry skin. a honey, soy and shea butter-based nourishing lotion is massaged onto hands for ultimate relaxation and hydration. hands are then dipped and wrapped in b. kamins maple-infused paraffin to lock-in moisture and leave skin silky smooth and revitalized.
__label__non_math	1.0000	i. van laere, m. de wit and n. klazinga health and social care in the community, vol. , , p. - in order to prevent homelessness, it is essential that early indicators of risk of eviction are recognised and tailored assistance provided in response. the city of amsterdam has two separate assistance networks that work to prevent evictions on grounds of rent arrears and housing-related nuisance. this article aims to evaluate their functioning. it is concluded that, to prevent evictions, housing associations should conduct more home visits to identify underlying problems, and should refer more households for medical assistance. nuisance control care networks should refer more households to social assistance.
__label__non_math	0.9989	wednesday, leclaire worth sacrificing vermette it's all over but the crying as the senators have made their last moves until the trade freeze is lifted after the stanley cup final which the senators will be watching months into their summer vacations . of course the big move was getting young goalie pascal leclaire for underachieving forward antoine vermette but the biggest mindblow was seeing martin gerber being picked up by brian burke and the toronto maple leafs, who are coming into ottawa on monday, ostensibly with gerber in the nets. that game will be the last one worth fighting for. there is no way anyone wants to see gerber muster up a brilliant game which he is capable of once every two or three years and slam the door on his old team. but after that surreal night, what's left to ponder? like i said in my previous post, i like the vermette - leclaire deal. at just under million, leclaire is the right goalie at the right price. bryan murray could have gotten into a bidding war this summer for either manny fernandez or nikolai khabibulin but he would have had to pay upwards of million or more for either goaltender and neither of those players have as high an upside as leclaire does. the only risk here is leclaire's injury woes but fans should realize that there was no perfect solution out there for the goaltending position. nobody is going to give up an elite goalie if they have one so murray had to take one with a little bit of baggage. leclaire has already proven himself as a top tier goalie with shutouts last season and winning a silver medal with canada at last year's world championships. and all murray had to give up was vermette. some have already complained that vermette should have fetched more but the fact is that vermette is a career second or third liner with a limited ability to score goals. he is basically a penalty-kill and faceoff specialist and those players aren't half as important as a true number one goalie. plus, vermette is going to be an unrestricted free-agent after next season while leclaire is signed for the next two in a much more crucial slot. if you add that valuable second round pick included in the deal, i say murray walked away the clear winner in this trade. columbus is desperate to make the playoffs and vermette helps them do that right now while steve mason capably handles the netminding duties. it works for both sides but long term, ottawa gets the longer straw. thankfully, chris neil is still a senator and this ups his chances of re-signing a contract before july 1st. as we saw last night against a tougher calgary squad, players like neil are missed when they are out of the lineup. it was inspiring to see a player like jason spezza step up and fight dion phaneuf after dany heatley was run over, but you would rather have guys like neil take care of that stuff. as a friend said to me today, maybe murray made a smart move by threatening to trade neil and then balking at the last minute. then he can go to neil's agent and say that neil isn't as sought after as once thought and maybe he should think about accepting that .million that is rumoured to be the senators offer. either way, murray should get neil under contract before this stretches into silly season.
__label__non_math	0.9972	statement of purpose black pink is an open family of lgbtq prisoners and free world allies who support each other. our work toward the abolition of the prison industrial complex is rooted in the experience of currently and formerly incarcerated people. we are outraged by the specific violence of the prison industrial complex against lgbtq people, and respond through advocacy, education, direct service, and organizing. . an online pen pal program where lgbtq prisoners can list their name, address, and -word non-sexual ad describing what they want from a pen pal. . a monthly newsletter made up of stories, poetry, art, and essays by currently and formerly incarcerated lgbtq people. currently incarcerated folks are encouraged to share their stories with black pink so we can put them in the newsletter and nurture a sense of connection between lgbtq people incarcerated around the country. . direct advocacy and support for a few select individuals who are experiencing harassment, sexual violence, lack of access to health care, mistreatment, etc. we are not able to do advocacy work for everyone at this time because of capacity, but we do the best we can. our organizing efforts are guided by a larger goal of collective liberation. we hold strong to a feminist, anti-racist, queer liberationist, anti-capitalist, radical analysis of social, ecological, and economic struggles. we understand the prison industrial complex to be part of a larger system that utilizes systems of oppression to divide people and exploit our individual and collective power. through movement building and sustained direct action against these systems of violence we will create the world we dream of. we also celebrate in the beauty of what exists now including our love for each other, the strength of our planet, incredible human resiliency, and all of the power we have to continue existing. while dreaming and struggling for a better world we embody a deep commitment to living in the present. we understand abolition as not only our end goal but also our pragmatic strategy for action. any advocacy, services, organizing, and direct action we take will be sure to remove bricks from the system, not put in others we will need to abolish later. we will willingly work with reformist organizations on campaigns we believe are abolitionist, even if they are only small steps at alleviating the suffering caused by the prison industrial complex. we root our work in the experience of currently and formerly incarcerated people. to best maintain an accountable relationship to incarcerated people, half of those in the leadership circle are currently incarcerated. we also prioritize the voices of formerly incarcerated people as our free-world members of the leadership circle. we know that those most impacted by the violence of the prison industrial complex are best equipped with the knowledge of how to tear it down. as of today black pink s free-world membership is primarily boston-based. we commit to supporting one another, sharing the work of our organizing efforts, and nurturing the growth of our family both inside and outside the walls. we intend to expand our national and international membership, creating chapters in other cities, towns, schools, neighborhoods, etc. there are many buzz words used in our statement of purpose and shared analysis. we wanted to provide a brief glossary of terms to help clarify our intentions behind our choice of wording. prison industrial complex the prison industrial complex is a multifaceted construction of control and domination, most commonly seen as the u.s. prison and jail system, the concrete and steel buildings that warehouse individuals. while prisons and jails are a pivotal aspect, the prison industrial complex includes an entire culture of state and corporate collusion to control, discipline, and torture poor low-income communities and communities of color. the tactics range from police forces to cameras mounted in communities; from the in justice system to corporate profiteering from prison phone calls; from immigration enforcement to media depictions of criminals ; and on and on. adapted from critical resistance abolition abolition defines both the goal we seek and the way we do our work today. abolition means a world where we do not use prisons, policing and the larger system of the prison industrial complex as an answer to what are social, political, and economic problems. abolition means that instead we put in place the things that would reduce incidents of harm at the front end and address harm in a non-punitive manner when harm does occur. abolition means that harm will occur far less often and that, when harm does occur, we address the causes of that harm rather than rely on the failed solutions of punishment. thus, abolition is taking a harm reductionist approach to our society s problems. abolition means creating sustainable, healthy communities empowered to create safety and rooted in accountability, instead of relying on policing, courts, and imprisonment which are not creating safe communities. rose braz, former director of critical resistance free world we understand free world people to be those who are not currently in prison jail detention etc. we use quotation marks because we understand the terminology of freedom to be deeply complex. there are those who would suggest that none of us are free as there is such heavy surveillance in our communities the tentacles of the prison industrial complex are expansive. others would suggest that freedom exists within ourselves and that it can never be taken from us. regardless of how one understands freedom, in our terminology free world refers to those not currently confined in prison jail detention etc. lgbtq this acronym stands for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer. we understand that human sexuality and gender is far more complicated than this acronym. we are striving to find better terminology to include all people who identify outside of heterosexual and gender-conforming boundaries. other identities people have used when writing to us that we are striving to affirm include same gender loving, homosexual, homophile, transsexual, transvestite, nelly, sissy, and dyke, along with many others. b p family structure members: members are self-defined individuals who agree with our purpose and analysis. these people are free world folks, prisoners, pen-pals, outreach folks, newsletter stuffers, etc. all members can share thoughts about b p activities. free world members will be provided information by the e-newsletter and or website, and can give input by email, phone, or in person. members in prison will be provided information by the monthly newsletter, and can respond with general input by mail by writing leadership on the address line. when a vote takes place on a decision, a b p ballot will be sent out with the monthly newsletter and e-newsletter, and votes will be counted for every person in prison voting and for every free world person. coordinators: coordinators are people who have agreed to coordinate a specific project, committee, chapter, or task, i.e. the art program, or campus outreach, or are contact people for a prison or geographic area. they may be members or part of the leadership circle. they have responsibility to make decisions about projects, based on collective input, and are accountable to both the members and the leadership circle. committees: committees are groups of people taking on a specific task or projects, for example outreach or the e-newsletter or accountability. they meet as needed. they will check in with the leadership circle and the membership before making big decisions. chapters: chapters can be started by free world and members in prison in order to work on advocacy, education, direct service, and or organizing projects that are in keeping with the purpose and analysis of b p. chapters are accountable to the membership of their chapter and the leadership circle. advisory group: this is a group of people who have experience with anti-prison and anti-oppression activism. the group will be majority formerly incarcerated people. they are recognized for their amazing and valuable experiences and insight, and are invited to provide input and guidance on the analysis, activities and structure of b p. they are not necessarily involved in the day-to-day activities of the family and don t have formal decision making power. leadership circle lc : leadership can make decisions about b p as a family, and is responsible to see that the members and activities follow our purpose and analysis. lc can update the purpose and analysis. leadership circle provides strategic short- and long-term planning for b p. leadership circle will be responsible for raising, managing, and using general b p funds. - the lc will be made up of no more than free world folks and no more than prisoners. - to join, members should have spent months volunteering with b p or received the newsletter for months. - each lc member needs to make a year commitment. - all lc members should agree to the b p analysis. - lc decisions will be made by consensus, which means that everyone agrees to a decision not majority rule . in consensus, one person can block a decision based on principle, but not preference. - the lc should be made up of people in different places across the country, in prison and out. - communication between inside outside will work on a buddy system. each free world member will be paired with an incarcerated lc member. the free world buddy is responsible for representing the incarcerated person in leadership circle meeting decisions. - the free world lc will meet monthly.
__label__non_math	1.0000	mark forums read view site leaders get blackberry help bb10 bar files forgot your password? you are not logged in or you do not have permission to access this page. this could be due to one of several reasons: you are not logged in. fill in the form at the bottom of this page and try again. you may not have sufficient privileges to access this page. are you trying to edit someone else's post, access administrative features or some other privileged system? if you are trying to post, the administrator may have disabled your account, or it may be awaiting activation. the administrator may have required you to before you can view this page. -- default mobile style playbook general discussion playbook tips tricks playbook games apps android apps for playbook android apps for bb10 blackberry tips tricks blackberry apps games at blackberryos.com we provide news, help guides, reviews, contests, downloads, and much more join our online forum community blackberryos.com blackberryos.com is in no way affiliated with blackberry - rim and blackberry are registered trademarks of research in motion limited.
__label__non_math	1.0000	shake-up of parental leave planned parents will be able to share up to a year's leave to look after their newborn children under "radical" reforms set to be announced. deputy prime minister nick clegg said that from the uk will move to a new system of flexible parental leave as part of a huge shake-up of current arrangements. under other changes, the right to request flexible working will be extended to all employees to encourage different work patterns for parents. mr clegg is expected to say that "clapped out" rules and working arrangements need to be changed to give women a "real choice" after taking a break from work to have children. the biggest change covers parental leave, so a mother will be able to trigger leave at any point so that whatever time is left to run on her original year off can be taken by her partner instead. parents will be able to "chop up" time together or take time off together, as long as no more than months is taken in total, with no more than nine at guaranteed pay. mr clegg said he had considered extending paternity leave from the current two weeks, but concern had been voiced within government and from business groups about the cost. flexible leave will be reviewed by , when extending paternity leave will be looked at, mr clegg is expected to announce. "these are major reforms and, at a time of continuing economic difficulty, it's sensible to do them in a number of steps, rather than one giant leap. more and more men are taking on childcare duties, or want to, and flexible leave builds on that." mr clegg is also expected to say that a new legal right will be given to men to take unpaid leave to attend two antenatal appointments. added to tax changes, mr clegg will say the reforms have the potential to transform opportunities for young parents considering starting a family. he will say: "that means women up and down the country realising their potential, keeping their independence, fulfilling their dreams. it means children up and down the country benefiting from having their fathers in their lives. it means an economy running on all cylinders, and it means a nation reaping the rewards. greater equality; a fairer society; a stronger economy too." tuc general ssecretary brendan barber said: "the reforms will make it easier for parents to choose how they want to share their leave to look after newborn children... these reforms will make life easier for millions of working parents. businesses will also benefit from a more engaged workforce and a larger pool of people to recruit from." - dudley's stick of dynamite, dennis stevens - 'although it stands slanting, it's really enchanting, and an ideal place for a spree' the siden house song - the apprentice - making a clean sweep in may with sooty boys - jubilee medallion from west bromwich business - the man who made the mayfly - that didn't
__label__math	0.5483	this a very easy and accessible way to make modifications to your head section. one feature is that when you change your template the modifications stay intact. if you mess up you can simply deactivate the plugin completely. all the features below are individually selectable. stylesheet links can be inserted. other uncategorized material be appended. there is also an option to set ie7 emulation for ie8 browsers. the standard mootools may be deactivated. jquery jquery ui can be accessed as can swf-object. there are over 400 fonts available online from google, thus removing the need to play safe with typography.
__label__non_math	1.0000	job title: strength conditioning... company name: bionic performance enterprise i'm a freelancer writing:how to's,question anwsers articles on strength conditioning,and including free training tips on physical fitness. motivational speaking strength conditioning performer. walnut ridge high school ohio graduation date: -1993n a my job category education, training, and library, research development, sports and recreation fitness senior executive - pres, cfo, etc high school or equivalent columbus coalition for the homeless, columbus urban league, hands on central ohio, men of courage
__label__non_math	1.0000	in just a few minutes, you could be searching thousands of photos of singles who live near you ready for a new relationship? register for free today at blacksingles.com and you can create your own profile, initiate contact with other members, perform searches and more sign up now bentonvilleblythevillecamdenconwayfayettevilleforrest cityfort smithgravel ridgejacksonvillejonesborolake hamiltonlake villagelexalittle rocklrafbmabelvalemalvernmarionmidwayn little rocknorth little rockoppeloparagouldparkinpine bluffsherwoodsiloam springstexarkanawest helenawest memphis well, i'm pretty shy at first. so if your interested in getting to know me better make me laugh and give me some time to warm up to you... kikia99d is a 28yr-old single woman in midway, arkansas spark networks usa, llc is a wholly-owned subsidiary of spark networks, inc., a nyse amex company lov . spark networks usa, llc does not conduct background checks on the members or subscribers of this website.
__label__non_math	1.0000	mac miller and sean price crack this statik selektah track " over." the single is from statik's forthcoming album "extended play" due out . statik selektah - over feat. mac miller x sean price this take it back thursday track comes to us from de la soul. the year was the album was "de la soul is dead" and the track was "ring ring ring". this was the first release from their second album a catchy beat with black and white visuals. it highlighted how they were getting approached time and time again by hopeful rappers who wanted to play them their demos. de la are hip hop legends and to this day still rocking out on nationwide tours and concerts like rock the bells and paid dues. click here to view the video on youtube. fans of rap icon and beat box legend doug e. fresh will soon be able to catch him as he rides the air waves on his new wbls radio show; getting his brilliant spin on classic hip hop as well social and political topics which plague urban communities. the rapper, record producer, and legend extraordinaire is hands down the pioneer of the beat boxing phenomena. fresh's ability to take rap and hip hop listeners to new levels with his lyrical dexterity is just one of the many reasons his new radio show will resonate with music lovers. doug e fresh's classic hip hop radio program aptly entitled "the show" will air every saturday evening from -. fresh's hits "the show" and "la-di-da-di" are no doubt hip hop classics themselves and forever stand at the foundation of the genre itself; which is why fresh seems to remain timely in his industry presence. when rap group cali swag district introduced a song giving credit to fresh for the popular new dance "the dougie" based on hi ...read more for more information contact: golden koast firstname.lastname for immediate release beach extravaganza celebrating the high school college graduates biloxi, ms golden koast gk7 presents the 4th annual beach extravaganza. this event serves to create a safe environment for young adults to celebrate their graduation from high school and college of study. so get ready for a "beach fun" of volley ball tournaments, music, bonfire activities, tug-of-war and flag football golden koast is known across the coast for their contributions to the charities, elderly and less fortunate around mississippi. gk7's purpose is to bring the community to an elite level. this includes mentoring the youth with the goal to instill morals and values in their lives that the ...read more jon connor's "unconscious state" is coming to itunes...later. on deck now is "rise up" featuring talib kweli . 'this one's for the heads y'all.' lyrics full of social commentary and indicting statements on the state of hip-hop 'went from body rocking to molly popping'... true . put this one on repeat and tell your friends about it the ones with thick enough skin to take it . download: jon connor - rise up feat. talib kweli ...read more bet awards nominations full list the nominees have just been released for the bet awards and there appears to be a clear leader coming for the ymcmb camp. drake hasn't dropped his album yet, but the young money hitmaker looks to reign over the bet awards seeing as he is nominated for a whopping awards at the upcoming bet awards. check out the full list of categories and nominees. both chainz and kendrick lamar earned eight noms apiece, a ap rocky and jay-z each have five, and justin timberlake and miguel have four each. chris brown and r. kelly were also announced as performers, and "friday" actor chris tucker will be the host, when it airs live june . check the full bet awards 'nominations below: best female r b pop artist tamar braxton alicia keys elle varner best male r b pop artist chris brown justin timberlake macklemore ryan lewis ...read more for more information contact: enchanted pr for immediate release teen author stone erickson receives nomination for black man can award youth sci-fi author is recognized for extraordinary efforts within atlanta, ga teen sci-fi and mystery author stone erickson is one of the finalists for this year's boys ii men award sponsored by theblackmancan.org tbmc and black celebrity giving. at just the tender age of , stone has already exemplified the effects of his efforts for being a young, positive role model for his community. "i am very excited and honored to be nominated for the boys ii men award from tbmc and black celebrity giving", says stone. "this truly is a testament that when you work really hard and don't give up on your dreams, your work is rewarded. this just gives me more inspiration to continue to strive for the best and accomplish my goals." ...read more the union square area of san francisco is a posh, trendy shopping location. stores like bloomingdales, swarovski and walgreens. yes, walgreens. the walgreens in the union square location has served the communities basic drugstore needs in the past. today the new walgreens serves those needs but now its so much more walgreens is...fresh food from gourmet smoothies to fresh delivered bakery delicacies, the walgreens upmarket is all about catering to the upscale client. the upmarket is the place to go weather you are looking for a healthy lunch option or just want to pick up ...read more carolina to compton featuring: twin gett down gi squad click here to download or stream this mixtape for free go to www.coast2coastsubmissions.com to get your song on the next coast coast mixtape
__label__non_math	0.6684	acoustic gunshot recognition effective detection in high noise environments safety dynamics specializes in the use of smart sensors for threat recognition and localization with its gunshot recognition product sentri sensor enabled neural threat recognition and identification . sentri employs a dynamic synapse neural network dsnn based on neurobiological principles of brain signal processing, and allows, like the human brain, accurate pattern recognition of acoustic signals even in the presence of high noise. a sentri unit recognizes gunshot events in a radius of 600 feet and locates the event with a powerful pan tilt zoom video camera in less than one second. events are localized to within - degree or feet of the event. features and developments the sentri microphone array is comprised of four aluminum alloy -inch diameter arms that are anchored into a machined aluminum base. attached to the ends of each arm is a knowles mr- condenser microphone. the microphone array has the ability to perform in a harsh environment. vibration, weather, noise, and height of the microphones are all factors in the design and testing of the array unit. safety dynamics has trained dsnns to recognize gunshots various calibers and not to respond to other loud noises, like truck and bus backfires; fireworks, and motorcycles. the sentri system was adapted to both: discriminate the features that allow separate classification of handguns and other rifles, and find the common set of features that allow handguns, machine guns, m1 attack rifles, m16 attack rifles, and multiple artillery to all be classified as belonging to the common set of firearms. this class system concept was fundamental to allowing the dsnn to then classify other common sets like security-breach or intrusion. the sentri system can integrate with multi-sensor technology, or traditional surveillance technology such as video cameras, to detect a threat, often before a serious event occurs. enabling of acoustic recognition takes place in a three-phase process. first, the targeted sound, such as an impulsive sound, is recorded and "trained" on the super-computer that isolates the sound signature amidst background noise. second, the output parameter is uploaded onto the execution platform. third, the run-time parameters are adjusted to adapt to requirements for distance, discrimination, and false positives. the sentri system consists of a tms320c6713 dsk with the dsp running at 225 mhz. a -channel adc daughter card connects to the dsk via the external peripheral interface. two analog devices ad7655 -bit, msps a d converters, perform data acquisition. each a d converter samples the analog signal coming from two burr-brown pga2500 digitally controlled microphone preamplifiers.
__label__math	0.8668	safety dynamics specializes in the use of smart sensors for threat recognition and localization. safety dynamics is currently installing and supporting a system for law enforcement called sentri sensor enabled neural threat recognition and identification . the system is a breakthrough technology that recognizes gunshots and explosions and sends range and bearing details to cameras which can then locate the source of the event. enabling of acoustic recognition takes place in a three phase process: .the targeted sound, such as a gunshot, is recorded and "trained" on the super-computer that isolates the sound signature amidst background noise. . the output parameter is uploaded onto the execution platform. . the run time parameters are adjusted and managed by the customer to adapt to requirements for distance, discrimination, and false positives. so what makes us different? local processor in of gunshot detection. there are other gunshot detection systems that are commercially available but none offer the same functionality as the sentri system. the system resides on a small computer board about inches by inches with four small microphone inputs. these components are mounted in a weather resistant box and typically connected to a camera and ethernet network. because all the processing that is necessary occurs on the processor board, the determination of a gunshot occurs in about 10ths of a second. others systems rely on collecting the data from installed microphones typically in a grid formation and shipping that raw data to a central processing station along a network. these types of products claim that they can confirm a gunshot in -seconds some take even longer . a simple example shows the impact of time during a gunshot event: assuming that a gunshot is fired from a person walking the average walking speed is about three miles per hours, or .feet per second a delay of twelve seconds would put the shooter .feet away from point where they discharged the weapon. now assume that the shooter runs after discharging a weapon average running speed would be .miles per hour, feet per second a delay of twelve seconds would put them 132 feet away from the discharge point. because sentri has an on board processor, in these scenarios, the shooter would move .feet or .feet depending on whether they were walking or running. knowing exactly where to move a camera once there is a positive identification of a gunshot is paramount for law enforcement to identify the perpetrator. the sentri system has been tested to show that it can precisely show where the gunshot occurred within . assuming the distance from the sentri gunshot sensor is 600 feet, a one degree differential would mean that the sentri could be off by a maximum .feet. other systems claim to be accurate within meters. converting this to feet .feet per meter they could be off by as much as .feet. one other major advantage to the sentri system is that we not only calculate the azimuth of the event -360 but sentri also calculates the elevation of the event as well. this translates to not only knowing what building the shooter discharged from, but the sentri will report what window ledge was used to shoot from. because each sentri unit can be fully functional on its own, units may be installed and moved at any time. for some applications special sporting events, holiday celebrations, elections it may be desirable to place a sentri system in service during the duration of these events. sentri is easily mounted on portable tri-pods that allow them to be placed anywhere 110v a c power and a network connection wired or wireless is available. this allows the user to use the sentri whenever and wherever is necessary. placement on rooftops or on the ground makes coverage extremely flexible. use of common industry standards one of the major objectives when designing the sentri solution was to utilize industry standards whenever possible. this means that the user does not need to replace existing infrastructure in order to integrate sentri technology. data is transported via common ethernet communication and can be configured to utilize wired or wireless protocols and encryption algorithms. the user software is windows based and is capable of running under windows xp or windows vista. sentri can use a multitude of off-the-shelf analog cameras to slew to an event. sentri will work with just about any camera brand and we are in the process of integrating our system with cameras that can monitor in 360 at all times. this includes the use of video analytics to further help with the identification of people involved in gunshot events. data output is sent via rs 232 or tcp ip to whatever network connected device you wish. sentri has electronic relays that will allow the user to control gates, lights, or other devices when an event is detected. remote upgrades and monitoring is also possible. everything happens in one box
__label__non_math	0.9752	the wifey wants me to get a 3rd pc so we can all play games with our eldest son she also wants a better rig as she is excited to play the elder scrolls online esentially i am going to build myself a new one, she will have mine or most of and he can have hers although it is getting on a bit so may need at least a gpu upgrade fr some of the more modern games. my current rig mobo: asus m4a87td usb3 motherboard processor: amd phenom ii quad core 955 am3 ram: g.skill ripjaw 8gb 2x4gb ddr3 hd: 1x300gb velociraptor x 500gb wd caviar blue x 2tb wd caviar green psu: ocz modxstream pro 700w silent s case: antec 900 heatsink: zalman cnps9900-led dual flower gpu: sapphire ati radeon vapor-x 1gb sound: m-audio delta lt gaming wise it plays pretty much everything really well, gets a little bit jerky around water and lots of spell effects in skyrim but then it is on the highest settings and doesn't need to be. this rig essentually would be great for her, minus the sound card which i am definitly going to be keeping. i use my pc for audio production, djing, excel programming, databases and gaming, hers will be gaming and facebook - so maybe the above rig is a little bit overkill. essentially the two most important things for my rig is the djing and gaming. i've always been a bit of an amd fan, but do appreciate at the high end intel are usually better, but you pay quite a bit more for them. also if i keep on with amd there mobo's are usually backwards compatible, so if i upgraded in the future it would be easy to do it in bits and pass the benefits on to my other pc's what i am trying to decide between is, do i build myself an i7 rig or not? assuming i go the amd route, what should i buy? is there a site where you can put specifactions of certain elements in? case: i'm going to need a new case to house everything in.. i love the antec 900, it's not too big, has a great design, and keeps everything really cool. i like black cases and blue lights, as well as the top side usb ports. my main issues with it is, the drive bays, it is not easy to slide new drives in and out, i'd like hot swap drive bays that faced out, and maybe just a little bit more space to tie up the wiring. - i have looked around but can't find anything that has this i was thining about this: processor: amd fx -core fx- seems quite good for the price - 148 however has been out for a while now and i am sure there are better ones. there seems to be a lot in the piledriver series - i've read up on many sites and i don't know what people benchmark against but everyone gets different results, sometimes i5's are better, sometimes the bulldozer work best, sometimes they are on par with the low end i7's - all in all it is very confuing and i am not sure what to get motherboard: now it would be good if i could get a mobo processor ram in some sort of bundle... a while ago someone advised i get this mobo: asus sabertooth 990fx - the r2.is now out but i was wondering if there was anything else better out. i want to stick with asus, and if i am honest the sabertooth looks great for the money. can be found here: 139.free delivery or here: 139.free devlivery and lifetime support can't find a bundle with that motherboard though. i have found these bundles - what do you think? - which give the best performance per pound spent? this is insane, and i don't think i can really justify spending this much money but i would love it: workstation pro x79 intel core i7 3930k .20ghz ddr3 bundle - 32gb super nova x79 overdrive intel core i7 .60ghz .20ghz ddr3 overclocked bundle: 564 - this is a more acceptable price range "krypton z77 overdrive" intel core i7 2700k .50ghz .20ghz ddr3 overclocked bundle: 436 oh, i found a sabertooth bundle afterall amd "ultimate constructor" bundle - eight core: 330 krypton turbo amd piledriver fx- .80ghz .20ghz ddr3 overclocked bundle: 300 krypton crosshair 800a amd bulldozer fx- .50ghz .20ghz ddr3 overclocked bundle: 400 or do you know of any other bundles that would be worth gettng? i have been looking at them on here: - there are lots to choose from and just picked a few out due to price being on offer perhaps it would be better to get the mrs a cheaper bundle and do some minor upgrades myself rather than a complete system overhuall? then a gpu on top? or - i wonder how good the onboard graphics are? probably need a decent gpu really this is a very cheap option: krypton crosshair 800a amd bulldozer fx- .50ghz .20ghz ddr3 overclocked bundle if none of those bundles seem worth it then i guess i need to keep looking i've also been thinking about a solid state hard drive for windows and my audio software... any help you guys can offer would be great
__label__non_math	1.0000	what was i thinking
__label__non_math	0.9999	is your home secure from the outside world? is a post from blazing minds if you enjoyed reading this article, then please support blazing minds with a donation or follow on twitter. blazing minds uses rss syndication for well placed blog promotion.related posts no related posts.
__label__non_math	0.9990	duncan riley was checking out a bloggers forum which someone is currently bank rolling through google adsense at the moment and got sucked into joining and posting the odd thought. one thing that struck me was the lack of knowledge about promoting blogs, so this is what i posted with a few edits . let me know what you think. blog promotion for newbies . pinging to weblogs et al is good but trackbacking to sites is better, when of course your post is in relation to that sites topic. also legitimate commenting directly on other sites helps expose your site to others. but remember, it must be legitimate comment and not spam . offer to exchange links on your site under your links section, it lets people know that your interested in linking and will build up your site quickly in technorati and google. . link to other small sites without exchange, either through side bar or post: linking to big sites is great in showing what your reading but does nothing to build up your readership because they nearly always never return the favour, indeed a number of them will steal your stories or ideas without any attribution at all. smaller sites on the other hand are often stoked that you ve linked to them and will return the favour without asking, even if they don t, you ve still done a good deed. submit your blog to all the search engines, it might take some time but the spiders will start coming if . . the most important feature of all: post regularly and post often. it not only brings readers back regularly but it means the spiders from the search engines will return more frequently indexing your entire site, and you ll start getting hits from the search engines. some may argue that these aren t that valuable but i would argue that s rubbish. it exposes your site to a new audience for free, and even if only a few return you ve still built up your readership for free. take the blog herald for example, we get ,000 views per month just from clickthrus in from google and another ,500 from other search engines google is the only real game in town though . even if only return to the site later, that s new regular readers per month or nearly per year, and what i also find is that this traffic also responds well to advertising on the site if they ve stumbled in for the wrong reason.
__label__non_math	0.9990	latest blog posts - earn money online - make money market place is your answer for work from home opportunities - beginners guide to buying coupons - approaches to make cash online - tips on finding the best company for search engine optimization - driving more traffic to your web site with the help of online forums - top awesome websites for freelance writers to make money - are you broke university student? easy ways to make money online - promote your twitter profile on twiends - making money through cheap lottery playing methodson in entrepreneurial wealth make money online wealth building earn money earn money online free money free money online lotto make money make money blogging make money online make money with lotto make money working from home online income silver lotto system win the lotto work from homeplenty of lotto players spend a fortune in money on their lotto games. some of these players can spend up to an incredible ,000 a game. this is a crazy amount of money to gamble away where you stand a very slim chance of winning the big one. some g... - top daily deal sites saving you moneyon in blogging daily deals entrepreneurial wealth home based internet marketing make money online social networking daily deals earn money earn money online free money free money online group buying groupon livingsocial make money make money blogging make money online make money working from home online income work from homegroup buying and daily deal sites like groupon and livingsocial are changing the way we are shopping online for special deals. they allow us to be notified via email or our facebook or google walls of the latest daily deals in our local areas and ci...
__label__non_math	0.9999	the new game plan worked to perfection sept. , as the leopard went gate-to-wire under jockey john velazquez, taking the -mile event by lengths to score his first stakes win. the victory may have earned the leopard a trip to the inaugural -million breeders cup juvenile turf, to be run at nine furlongs oct. at monmouth park. bred in kentucky by eagle holdings, the leopard, out of moon safari, came into the pilgrim with three lifetime starts, including a disappointing fifth-place effort in the seven-furlong futurity stakes gr. ii at belmont sept. . his lone win was a half-length score in a maiden special weight at saratoga in august. we were looking to find out about the breeders cup juvenile turf, pletcher said. we had to run him back a little sooner than we wanted to, just to see where we were. we thought he was a little better colt than what he showed in the futurity, and he s got so much turf in his pedigree. we worked him last week with red giant, who won the virginia derby gr. iit , and they worked head-and-head. the fractions were very realistic for him. the impressive part was the way he finished. he finished the last quarter in :; that s what we were looking for. owned by derrick smith, mrs. john mangier and michael tabor, the leopard used the inside post to take an immediate lead and went very easily through fractions of :., :.and .. at the top of the stretch he had a one-length lead on he aint easy, the only of the five challengers within striking distance. but the leopard responded emphatically when urged by velazquez in deep stretch, pulling away with every stride. going off as a -favorite, the leopard paid .to win. his final time was .on a firm turf. he relaxed himself; i didn t have to do much, velazquez said. we got to the quarter-pole, i showed him the whip, spanked him, and he came home real nice.
__label__non_math	1.0000	deaths fell in states that expanded medicaid, study shows expanding u.s. state medicaid programs may contribute to reduced death rates, as the poor, elderly and other vulnerable people benefit from greater access to health care, harvard university researchers said in a report. three states that expanded medicaid in and , new york, arizona and maine bstime , collectively saw a .percent decline in the death rate for people age to compared to neighboring states, according to the study published in the new england journal of medicine. researchers at the harvard school of public health, led by assistant professor benjamin sommers, found larger reductions among minorities and low-income people. the findings from a decade ago suggest that governors who pursue a medicaid expansion funded by the federal health- care overhaul may see a healthier population than those who don t, said sommers, who took leave from harvard last year to work as an adviser to the u.s. agency that oversees medicaid. the supreme court said june that the federal government can t force states to participate in the expansion. there may be significant benefits to access for care and health status for low-income adults in states that expand medicaid, sommers, who plans to return to harvard in september, said in a telephone interview. it might even save lives. the affordable care act, signed into law in , seeks to extend medicaid to people making as much as .times the national poverty level -- about ,657 for a family of four this year. at least five republican governors have said they won t participate in the expansion, citing increased costs and inadequate care compared to private insurance and medicare, the federal insurance program for the elderly and disabled. medicaid has been poorly funded, poorly administered and often relegates the poor to bad quality medical care, scott gottlieb, a former deputy commissioner at the food and drug administration who is now a researcher at the nonprofit american enterprise institute in washington, said in an e-mail. we owe the poor something better. the federal government will pay all of the medicaid bills for people added by the expansion until , when states will then have to begin contributing. the u.s. will pay about billion, according to the center on budget and policy priorities, a nonprofit research group in washington. the harvard researchers analyzed data from the u.s. census and the centers for disease control and prevention and zeroed in on three states that had expanded medicaid to low-income adults without children to see what changes in mortality occurred. deaths among non-elderly adults increased during the same period in neighboring states that didn t expand medicaid: pennsylvania, new mexico, nevada and new hampshire. sommers said that by pouring more money into medicaid programs, states with expansions improved their safety net health systems such as public hospitals, which may have contributed to lower death rates. sommers, who works as an adviser at the u.s. department of health and human services, said his study was researched and drafted while he worked at harvard and wasn t funded by the government. to contact the reporter on this story: alex wayne in washington at firstname.lastname to contact the editor responsible for this story: reg gale at email bloomberg moderates all comments. comments that are abusive or off-topic will not be posted to the site. excessively long comments may be moderated as well. bloomberg cannot facilitate requests to remove comments or explain individual moderation decisions.
__label__non_math	1.0000	chongqing former police chief charged, xinhua reports china charged the former police chief of chongqing with a battery of crimes including taking bribes and abuse of power, pushing ahead with its bid to mop up a political scandal that shook the communist party and led to the downfall of his boss, bo xilai. wang lijun allegedly neglected his duty and bent the law for personal gain to shield bo s wife, gu kailai, from charges that she plotted the murder a british businessman in november, the state-run xinhua news agency said. gu was convicted last month of poisoning neil heywood with cyanide. the breadth of the charges against wang, which also include defection for his flight to a u.s. consulate in february with evidence about the murder, signal the party may be marshaling its case against bo, once considered a candidate for the party s top politburo standing committee. chinese leaders are seeking to move on from the scandal, the worst since the tiananmen square protests, before a once-a-decade leadership transition set for later this year. they could have fixed wang simply with the case of attempted defection and being a traitor, but they re going in for corruption, abuse of power, said steven tsang, director of the china policy institute at the university of nottingham in the u.k. that is implicating bo xilai. wang headed chongqing s police force from until early february. he oversaw a crackdown on gangs that raised the profile of bo s chongqing model, with its focus on getting tough on crime and fighting social inequality. the campaign against organized crime, called da hei, or strike black, was accompanied by allegations of arbitrary arrests and beatings even as it boosted bo s profile. chongqing police arrested ,544 people in the two months after the offensive started in june , according to xinhua. after he was removed as police chief, wang fled to the u.s. consulate in the chinese city of chengdu, where he told diplomats that gu murdered heywood, according to u.s. officials briefed on the matter. after a night with american officials that saw the consulate compound ringed by police, wang turned himself over to government authorities. state-run media said at the time that what s come to be called the wang lijun incident was a serious political event that has created an adverse influence both at home and abroad. china s judicial authority will conduct the wang lijun trial in accordance with the law, foreign ministry spokesman hong lei said at a briefing in beijing today. the charges against wang were announced while secretary of state hillary clinton was in beijing for talks. the u.s. government wasn t told that wang was going to be charged and learned the news from reports, u.s. officials said. the u.s. expected wang to be charged at some point, and it s clear there is ferment in china tied to the leadership transition, said the officials, who asked not to be identified discussing diplomatic communications during clinton s visit. bo, , committed serious violations of discipline in the case, xinhua reported in april. he has not been publicly charged with any crime and hasn t been seen in public since the end of the national people s congress in beijing in march. he was removed from the politburo that same month. in a one-day trial on aug. , gu confessed to poisoning heywood in a hotel room because she believed he posed a threat to her son as a result of a financial dispute, xinhua reported. gu was convicted aug. and sentenced to death with a two-year reprieve. before wang went to the u.s. consulate, bo was seen by analysts including brookings li as a top contender for membership in the politburo standing committee. the panel, now with nine men, exercises supreme authority in china. its new members will be revealed at the communist party congress later this year. prior to that, the party s wider central committee is set to meet to complete details for the congress. the real connection here is to the upcoming central committee meeting, said june teufel dreyer, professor at the university of miami s department of political science in coral gables, florida. i wonder if we re not seeing some high level machinations between the factions here. bo s chongqing model emphasized state-led investment to ease wealth gaps between urban and rural residents. he also reintroduced songs and slogans from the era of chairman mao zedong to re-instill a socialist spirit. in , millions of chongqing residents received quotes from mao s little red book on their mobile phones. china s leaders have sought to portray bo s ouster as an aberration, not a reflection of deeper problems within the communist party. china s development will not be hindered by these separate incidents, and the overall state of the country will not be affected, xinhua said in an april commentary. to contact the editor responsible for this story: peter hirschberg at firstname.lastname bloomberg moderates all comments. comments that are abusive or off-topic will not be posted to the site. excessively long comments may be moderated as well. bloomberg cannot facilitate requests to remove comments or explain individual moderation decisions.
__label__non_math	1.0000	when jarrod millsaps slips on his hat and dark sunglasses, he becomes a different person. that s the way it has been since when he and josh livingston started performing as jake and elwood of blues brothers fame. millsaps performs as elwood, the dan aykroyd character, and livingston portrays jake, the john belushi character, from the act first made famous by saturday night live. in their real life, millsaps is community outreach coordinator with the blount county sheriff s office, and livingston helps manage his family s wedding facility sampson s hollow in walland, plays with matt huling as part of the music duo two guys, two guitars, and he s a stay-at-home dad. from my real job, this is definitely a stress reliever, said millsaps. maybe it is my alter-ego, but when i put that hat and sunglasses on, i become that character in a way. i relieve some stress on stage and have a good time with it. millsaps and livingston brought their blues brothers tribute show to the capitol theater on jan. , and millsaps said response was surprisingly strong. it exceeded our expectations, he said. livingston said they were pleased with the turnout. it was a pleasant surprise to say the least, he said. leading up to the night of the show, people could get tickets by going to the capitol theater s website. before the show, millsaps said he and livingston were downstairs preparing, when someone from the theater came to speak with them. someone came down and asked if we had more people coming, and we said, just friends and family. they said they were sold out, he said. the next thing we knew, we had 350 tickets sold, and folks at the capitol had to turn people away. millsaps and livingston started performing as the blues brothers while attending heritage high school in . since then they have regularly performed at memories theater in pigeon forge for several years and have also toured throughout the southeast united states doing their blues brothers tribute show. livingston said what he enjoys most about the blues brothers tribute show is just watching peoples reaction. the reaction of the crowd is great, he said. they generally get into it. millsaps said they don t book shows in maryville often, so they were excited about having the opportunity to perform at the capitol theater. maryville is our home. this is the place where we belong and where we grew up, so it was just the right thing to do to have a show here, he said. the band was all local folks who work and play right here in the blount county. millsaps said he and livingston appreciated folks for coming to the show. it was humbling to us that that many people cared about what we do, he said. i was more nervous because we normally perform in front of groups of strangers. that is never a problem, but i had lot a friends and family and co-workers there. millsaps also thanked capitol theatre owner heath claiborne and his staff for bringing them to town. heath claiborne has a great place. it was nice he has brought something like this to downtown.
__label__math	0.5726	case study guru and strategy consultant victor cheng wrote this great item in his newsletter. the first part is an extract from a new york times interview with the former head of the bain capital ny office, who has a new book out on the us economy. it also reveals how this ex-bain consultant used a statistical approach to choosing his wife. here's cheng s excerpt from the newspaper you can click through to the whole new york times article here "there's also the fact that conard applies a relentless, mathematical logic to nearly everything, even finding a good spouse. he advocates, in utter seriousness, using demographic data to calculate the number of potential mates in your geographic area. then, he says, you should set aside a bit of time for "calibration" -- dating as many people as you can so that you have a sense of what the marriage marketplace is like. then you enter the selection phase, this time with the goal of picking a permanent mate. the first woman you date who is a better match than the best woman you met during the calibration phase is, therefore, the person you should marry. by statistical probability, she is as good a match as you're going to get. conard used this system himself. this constant calculation -- even of the incalculable -- can be both fascinating and absurd." now, obviously not everyone from bain actually uses this approach to choose a spouse. some of us prefer the romance of falling in love. but, and this is very important , everybody i know at mbb most certainly sees the logic behind this approach even if they would not use it themselves and many of them will use a similar logical approach to other aspects of their lives. for example, you should have seen one of my former mckinsey colleagues. she was a woman who was planning her wedding and basically "estimated" how many people would attend her wedding. she started with a list of everyone invited, estimated whether or not said person would bring a date based on their current relationship status, further estimated based on distance of travel needed what percent would actually make the trip to create an excel forecast model that estimated total headcount. this in turn provided the assumptions for her wedding cost forecasting model which factored in the latest head count estimate and the cost per person for food. crazy? maybe. did everyone at mck who saw this, understand and at some level was secretly impressed even if they wouldn't admit to it out loud ? oh most definitely. this is just how consultants think about things... or at least have the option to think in this way when they want to. i hope this gives you a sense of the mentality mbb consultants have and how they approach or have the option to approach nearly any unstructured problem, and structure it in some logical way.
__label__non_math	1.0000	- product details heavy duty cotton-blend canvas suede leather bottom top grain leather handles and straps heavy gauge hinged steel frame fiber board bottom - shipping information free standard shipping on all items in our give good gift category. items from blu dot's gift collection are shipped via fed-ex or common carrier a freight company depending on the overall weight of your order. if your order is shipped via common carrier, you will be contacted one to two days in advance to schedule a monday through friday curbside delivery appointment. inside delivery is available for an additional per order. please note, delivery drivers do not walk dogs, cook meals or take off their shirts.
__label__non_math	0.9999	welcome to our oozoo watches range where we have some fantastic new designer watches for you to choose from. we understand that a watch is a simple and vital accessory, aiding you with being punctual and impacting your style. this is why we provide you with this awesome selection of oozoo watches, allowing you to do your job and look good when doing so. for some superb mens watches we ve got you covered and you can also snap up a sassy ladies watch from blue banana today. our exclusive oozoo watches are proudly presented to you at fantastic prices and in the highest quality. when shopping with blue banana you know you re guaranteed an alternative and awesome style which is sure to impress. brand new watches these amazing oozoo watches are the best accessory for any occasion. presented to you in such a fantastic range of styles, these designer watches are guaranteed to draw all the attention to your arm. be prepared to turn heads and stop time as you wow everyone with your new awesome accessory. oozoo watches represent a new generation of fashion which is perfect for all stylish men and women. so stop off here and browse through our excellent range of oozoo watches, where you ll soon learn that blue banana always impress time after time. these oozoo watches are undeniably the best new range of watches available and it d be foolish to miss out on getting yours. a watch is a daily necessity and can sometimes be taken for granted, so treat yourself with one of our designer watches now. so to always know the time and look super cool, get an oozoo watch from blue banana today. with our fantastically fast delivery service and secure payment method, why shop anywhere else? check out our oozoo watches range and improve your style with a simple, yet superb accessory. unisex watch range these fabulous oozoo watches are a brand new range exclusively bought to you from blue banana. for top quality mens designer watches check out this awesome new collection. with diverse and adaptable styles accessory for all. get yourself an incredible ladies watch online today these awesome oozoo watches, so don t waste any more time and get yours
__label__non_math	0.9999	our band merchandise range is one of the best around, containing the finest rock band merchandise you can find on the market today. whether you re looking for music t shirts or band posters, you re guaranteed to find it in our extensive collection. blue banana is synonymous with rock merch because music is in our blood; present since our beginnings we have always been up to date with the latest bands, artists and music scenes so that we bring you the very best around. whether it is paramore, black veil brides and asking alexandria or rock superstars like ac dc and guns n roses, you ll find all of the band merchandise you could possibly need. awesome band merchandise and t shirts whenever you look for band merchandise, you ll probably find a few t shirts from only a select number of bands. when you shop for rock band merchandise with us, that s not the case. as well as a huge collection of music t shirts in the hundreds, we ve got band hoodies, posters, accessories and even music cds so that you can fully support your favourite band or artist. and best of all, we can guarantee that all of our rock merch is genuine, so you will have original items that you can be proud of. if you want the finest and latest band merchandise before anyone else, make sure blue banana is the place you choose. cool rock band merchandise and music tees our band merchandise range is always expanding and increasing, bringing in the latest designs so that you re up to date with your rock band merch. if a band has released an album or tour range of music t shirts, you can be sure to find them here soon enough. so whether you went to the tour and want to remember it or you re gutted you missed out but still want to show your support, our band tees are the way forward. and it doesn t matter whether you re a guy or girl we ve got a range for everyone so that band merchandise can be loved and shared by all
__label__non_math	1.0000	our band accessories range from mugs to backpacks and everything in between. our funky mugs feature designs from michael jackson and oasis to name but two, your hot drinks will never be boring again so don't be a mug, take a peek at our official band accessories section, and we're sure you'll find something you love cool band accessories for your music lifestyle with such a wide range of band accessories you can be sure to find something cool that you will love, whether it is a funky mug or a cool wristband, or one of the many other types of official band accessories that we stock . blue banana stock some of the best official band accessories available at the moment, we're certain to have something that catches your eye. if you are looking for a gift for a loved one or just fancy treating yourself to something from our range, we know we have everything you need right here in our official band accessories range. you can be sure that every item has been tried and tested by our dedicated team to give you piece of mind band merch and accessories for everyday fans we know that band accessories are a great way to show your support for your favourite group or artist day in and day out. stocking the perfect mixture of contemporary and classic rock bands, you can get the perfect accessory for yourself in just a few clicks. not only that but we even had a selection of rokkbands that are ideal for wearing to festivals and already have some of the biggest names in alternative music as part of their designs. for accessories and gifts that advertise full-throttle music, we've got you covered here
__label__non_math	0.9958	never has one fake baseball player caused so much controversy in so little time. overrated comedian billy crystal possibly had the most infamous strikeout in history on thursday when he struck out in a spring training game against the pittsburgh pirates. many baseball purists are calling the move a disgrace to baseball , a publicity stunt and something else ridiculous in quotation marks . on the opposite side of the spectrum, other folks think it was a nice gesture, and a way to bring more positive attention to baseball. i myself sit on the fence on the issue if you re wondering where exactly on the fence, i d probably say right-centre field . i think it s unfair that any hollywood star can just throw on a baseball jersey and play for a pro baseball team. it is a bit of a joke that someone with no professional experience can just go and swing a bat times and have the entire world enthralled about it. but on the other hand, it s nice to see that such a big fan of baseball got to live their lifelong dream by playing for the yankees. and after all, it s only a preseason game - and it was only one at-bat. hey, if garth brooks can do it for three teams, then why not the guy who was in city slickers, my giant, and city slickers . it makes me think that with enough money and by being famous, that i too can one day step into the batter s box with the toronto blue jays - but i know that won t happen any time soon. tear
__label__non_math	0.8442	- front page - biz tools summary judgment is a decision made by a court. a judge makes a decision based on legal pleadings presented to him and finds that there is no need for trial. sj may be granted on all issues, or be granted on some issues and denied on the rest of the issues the latter is known as "partial summary judgment" . to obtain a summary judgment, one makes a request to the judge called a "motion" . the party asking for the ruling is known as the "movant" and the other party is the "non-moving" party. franchisees often claim that denial of summary judgment indicates that the court believes the non-movants. this is simply not true: the court is required to believe the non-movants at the sj stage, but this is not true at trial. moreover, denial of sj may simply be a reflection of a judge who is reluctant to deny the non-moving party their day in court. when granted, summary judgment has the effect of denying the non-moving party it s day in court, and for that reason judges are often reluctant to grant a motion for sj. on the other hand, judges are aware of the expense of defending against frivolous claims or the expense incurred by plaintiffs who are required to litigate where there is a foregone conclusion as a matter of law in fact, in both england and the us, summary judgment was originally only available to plaintiffs . prof. arthur miller is one of a number of scholars who argue that courts are too eager to use sj pdf as a case management tool and thereby usurp the province of the jury. at the federal level, sj is governed by federal rules of civil procedure rule , and there are key decisions of the us supreme court all from setting forth the standard for sj: in celotex , the court noted the purpose of sj in securing a just, speedy, and inexpensive determination of lawsuits. but there is a high standard for sj, in that there must be no genuine issue of fact. the judge is expected to assume as true the pleadings of the non-moving party; if on those pleadings a jury could find for the non-moving party, then summary judgment should be denied. as the anderson court noted: t he evidence of the nonmovant is to be believed, and all justifiable inferences are to be drawn in his favor. some commentators criticize the idea of believing the nonmovant, and one has called the statement "folly" james duane, greatest myths about summary judgment, wash lee l.r. , more recently, the court reiterated in reeves v. sanderson 530 u.s. 133 that the court could not make credibility determinations or weigh the evidence, and in beard v. banks 548 u.s. 521 the court stated that sj was both the absence of material fact and a showing by the movant that he is entitled to judgment as a matter of law. a judicial decision regarding sj may indeed sometimes indicate how the court is leaning with regard to substance, much as judicial statements during conferences may indicate how the court is viewing the case. but in a ruling denying sj, such indications should be taken with caution; a denial of sj is a holding that there exist triable issues of fact---all else is dicta . controversial aspects of sj include whether a court may appropriately deny sj where there are no material issues of fact and the preclusive effects of sj, but we do not address those issues here and those interested may refer to an excellent article in the fall hofstra law review hof. l.r. , which also discusses the history of sj going back to english law and noting the waxing and waning of judicial granting of sj in the united states. also, remember that state laws may vary from the federal rules. one interesting exception to the reluctance to grant summary judgment is the california courts which favor summary judgment in first amendment cases, as discussed elsewhere on bmm.
__label__non_math	0.9972	- about blue nile - contact us our quality doesn't compromise. why should you? certified diamonds. exquisite materials. skilled craftsmen. our quality is defined by a thousand details. before jewellery can bear the blue nile name, it must first pass a series of rigorous inspections by our graduate gemmologists to ensure it meets our exacting standards, standards that ensure every purchase is one you'll treasure for a lifetime. conflict free diamonds. sustainable metal sourcing. every blue nile diamond is subject to strict monitoring from the mine all the way to your ring to ensure it comes from areas free of conflict. blue nile also works to ensure that jewellery metals come from suppliers that meet the highest human rights, social, and environmental criteria. we use recycled metals when they meet our high quality standards. you're in charge, and that's how it should be. our promise: no pressure, no intimidation, no pretentiousness. ask any question. take as long as you need. our non-commissioned diamond jewellery consultants are at your disposal anytime day or night. our in-depth education makes you a jewellery expert, enabling you to find your perfect fine jewellery gift at your perfect price. and only blue nile's build your own ring tool lets you create the ring of your dreams. all the details, handled. every blue nile purchase is shipped free, insured to your door, and arrives in elegant gift packaging. you'll also receive free ring sizing on every blue nile engagement ring. all certified diamonds are accompanied by an independent grading report and professional appraisal. if for any reason you are not satisfied with your purchase, you can return it within days for a full refund or exchange. there is no value in overpaying. at blue nile, luxury isn't about paying too much; it's about getting more. our prices are significantly less than traditional jewellers, providing you with higher quality precious metals, expert craftsmanship, and even a larger diamond than you can find at most jewellers, let alone at these prices. a lifetime commitment. rest easy. we stand behind our products. all blue nile diamonds, engagement rings, and fine jewellery adhere to our high standards of quality. blue nile jewellery is backed by our lifetime warranty, which protects against all defects in manufacturing, design, and workmanship.
__label__non_math	0.9999	thomas l. young, published: thursday, at a.m. last modified: wednesday, at p.m. hendersonville thomas l. young, , of hendersonville, died on tuesday, at his home. thos. shepherd son will announce the arrangements. . this copyrighted material may not be re-published without permission. links are encouraged.
__label__non_math	1.0000	religion bulletin: dec. published: saturday, at a.m. last modified: friday, at p.m. new year s service new year s eve service, p.m.-midnight monday at fellowship baptist church, howard gap road. special singing. info: 685-; 697-. rev. don keefauver will speak to the unitarian universal fellowship, a.m. sunday at the agudas israel synagogue, morris kaplan drive, laurel park. special music provided. study and retreats can i really trust god? series, p.m. jan. -at the arden seventh-day adventist church, airport road, arden. free. info: 684-. wonderful wednesdays, p.m. wednesdays at trinity presbyterian church, 900 blythe st., hendersonville. info: trinitypresnc.org; 692-. men s majestic humanity of jesus bible study of mt. pisgah lutheran church meets a.m. thursdays at denny s on four seasons boulevard, hendersonville. info: 692-. calvary kids club meets from -p.m. the first and third sunday at the church, hendersonville road, fletcher. info: 684-. celebrate recovery meets from -p.m. thursday at living water baptist church, sugarloaf road. for anyone dealing with an addition. info: 606-. extended family meets at p.m. the third mondays at blue ridge prison and jail ministries house, 410 e. first avenue. for families facing the trauma of incarcerated family members. info: 696-. freedom that lasts meets p.m. friday night and a.m. sunday at progress baptist church, n. rugby road. for those who are hurting or have fallen. info: 419-; 545-. good news will be at p.m. the fourth sunday of each month at calvary episcopal church, hendersonville road, fletcher. welcoming all ages to a different service of worship. info: 684-. intercessory time of prayer, p.m. the second tuesday and p.m. the fourth tuesday at grace lutheran church, 6th ave. w., hendersonville. info: 693-. taize worship will be at p.m. the second sunday of each month at calvary episcopal church, hendersonville road, fletcher. a quiet and reflective worship. info: 684-. memorycaregivers network meeting for caregivers fletcher group , -p.m. wednesday at fletcher seventh day adventist church, howard gap road, fletcher. info: 645- or 230-. mothers of preschoolers mops meets a.m.-a.m. the second and fourth wednesdays through may at mud creek baptist church, 403 rutledge drive, hendersonville. info: 692-. free children s ministry, -p.m. the first and third thursdays of each month at cummings memorial united methodist church, banner farm road, horseshoe. free children s clothes for up to years old, along with diapers, supplies and equipment at the bear closet. info: 891- or 891-. grief share grief recovery group meets from -p.m. the second and fourth tuesdays at hendersonville first united methodist church, at sixth avenue and church street. info: 693-; 693-; 693-. my sisters closet, will be open a.m.-noon mondays, at first methodist church, 204 6th ave. w. clothing of different styles for work. info: 693-. bread ministry free bread from -p.m. mondays at balfour united methodist church, highway north, across from hunter chevrolet. info: 692-. ministry for separated and divorced catholics support group meets alternate -p.m. sundays at immaculate conception church, at seventh avenue and church street, in meeting room , lower level of the church. info: 693-. please email copy for the crossroads page to email deadline is p.m. monday, the week before the event. if you don t have access to email, please mail typed copy to crossroads, times-news, p.o. box 490, hendersonville, nc or fax to 692-. emailed submissions are given priority. include contact name and number and a church or event information number for publication. call 694- for more information . this copyrighted material may not be re-published without permission. links are encouraged.
__label__non_math	1.0000	obama lauds clinton as she prepares to leave published: monday, at a.m. last modified: monday, at a.m. washington ap president barack obama lauded secretary of state hillary rodham clinton as one of his closest advisers and said their shared vision for america's role in the world persuaded his one-time rival and potential successor to be his top diplomat while he dealt with the shattered economy at home. during a joint interview that aired sunday, obama and clinton chuckled as they described their partnership and stoked speculation that obama may prefer clinton to succeed him in the white house after the elections. clinton is leaving obama's cabinet soon, and speculation about the former first lady and senator has only grown more intense after a heated appearance last week on capitol hill. both obama and clinton batted away questions about future campaigns, but the joint interview the president's first with anyone other than first lady michelle obama was only likely to increase the fascination with clinton's future. "the president and i care deeply about what's going to happen for our country in the future," clinton said. "and i don't think, you know, either he or i can make predictions about what's going to happen tomorrow or the next year." obama, who suggested the joint interview as clinton prepared her exit from the state department, lavished praise on his rival for the democratic presidential nomination. he called her a friend and an extraordinary talent, and praised "her discipline, her stamina, her thoughtfulness, her ability to project." it teetered on an endorsement of a presidential bid that is still an open question. clinton advisers say she has not made a decision about a run, while democratic officials suggest clinton would be an early favorite if she decided to mount another campaign. obama and clinton laughed when asked about the political future. "you guys in the press are incorrigible," obama said when pressed on another clinton presidency. "i was literally inaugurated four days ago. and you're talking about elections four years from now." the possibility of a presidential campaign for vice president joe biden did not come up during the interview, taped friday at the white house. obama described why he insisted clinton become his secretary of state. "she also was already a world figure," obama said. "to have somebody who could serve as that effective ambassador in her own right without having to earn her stripes, so to speak, on the international stage, i thought, would be hugely important." it was a job she initially refused. but obama kept pushing, clinton said. "the one thing he did mention was he basically said: 'you know, we've got this major economic crisis that may push us into a depression. i'm not going to be able to do a lot to satisfy the built-up expectations for our role around the world. so you're going to have to get out there and, you know, really represent us while i deal with, you know, the economic catastrophe i inherited." it's a job she embraced during the last four years. she arrived on the job with a global brand she quickly lent to promoting u.s. interests. in return, the public rewarded her with high approval ratings that could come in handy if she runs in . but her tenure has had its blemishes. for example, the united states did not directly intervene in the civil war in syria, where the united nations says more than ,000 people have been killed and more than million people have been internally displaced since the start of the conflict in march . "there are transitions and transformations taking place all around the world. we are not going to be able to control every aspect of every transition and transformation," obama said, saying his jobs are to protect the united states and engage where the u.s. can make a difference. in a separate interview with the new republic, also released sunday, obama said, "as i wrestle with those decisions, i am more mindful probably than most of not only our incredible strengths and capabilities, but also our limitations." on "minutes," he praised clinton's state department for helping him sort out what the united states can and cannot accomplish. "it has been a great collaboration over the last four years. i'm going to miss her. wish she was sticking around. but she has logged in so many miles, i can't begrudge her wanting to take it easy for a little bit," obama said. it's something of a turnaround from and , as the two raced through iowa and new hampshire and onward. in increasingly bracing language, the two excoriated the other. at one point, a visibly angry clinton seethed, "shame on you, barack obama." obama now jokes about the rivalry. "made for tough debates, by the way, because we could never figure out what we were different on," the president said. both acknowledged disagreements continue but said they had common goals. "are there going to be differences? yeah. deep differences? of course," clinton said. "you had a lot of strong-willed, -minded people. but the president deserves our best judgment, our advice and then he deserves us to stand with him and to execute." . this copyrighted material may not be re-published without permission. links are encouraged.
__label__non_math	1.0000	portion of main street closed through friday published: tuesday, at a.m. last modified: monday, at p.m. main street will be closed from fifth avenue to sixth avenue through friday for renovations to the block in the city's third phase of street improvements. construction engineers will be installing a new water line and continuing work on the skyland hotel facade and sidewalk through the week. city officials say the schedule may change due to weather or other issues hindering construction. "street or intersection closures will be during working hours generally from a.m. to p.m. , and the contractor will try to open the road up each evening; however, this may not always be possible. please note that the sidewalk generally will remain open throughout this period," city officials said in a news release.
__label__non_math	0.9998	a new homebrew patch is now available for vampire: the masquerade - bloodlines, extending the unofficial support for troika's action rpg by updating it to version .. the new version finds still more bugs to exterminate while also restoring missing art and music. the unofficial patch can be found on its official home: the patches scrolls. all trademarks are properties of their respective owners. chatbear v1.. blue : page generated may , .
__label__non_math	0.9999	seamless entertainment announces the release of sol: exodus , saying the space shooter is now available via steam . here's word on the game: by the year , earth had become toxic and unsafe for human life. pollution and overpopulation had ravaged the planet, forcing humanity to the stars. colonies and settlements soon sprung up across the solar system, but man had not left its thirst for war behind. then, they learned their sun was dying, and everything changed. only when faced with threat greater than each other did the nations of man finally come together. the united colonies of sol ucs was born, its first and only mission: to locate a new home for mankind, safely beyond the doomed borders of our solar system. suit up and take on the role of the lieutenant commander, ace fighter pilot and 2nd in command of the ucs atlas, as you search for a new home, battle a mysterious enemy, and rescue humanity from a fiery end. - experience an action space shooter like no other with unreal -powered visuals. - eight epic missions take you across breathtaking landmarks of our solar system, including pluto, neptune, triton, uranus, saturn, and titan. - utilize the advanced weaponry of your ucs hades space fighter, including dual gatling guns, tracking missiles and mag cannon. - engage a variety of enemy fighters, bombers, drones and more as you protect civilian transports and defend installations from attack. - take down massive capital ships by hacking into them and revealing their weak points or turning their weapons on one another. - learn the origins of your shadowy foes as the plot unfolds through full voice-acted dialogue - replay missions to earn higher ranks and perform heroic actions to earn upgrade points which can be used to improve your fighter. - top your friends on steam leaderboards and compare your medals with dozens of achievements to unlock - fully remappable controls support usb gamepads, joysticks, and mouse keyboard control schemes.
__label__non_math	0.9773	download dwg to jpg converter . contacting third-party download site... please if your download does not start automatically within seconds, choose a mirror below: dwg to jpg converter .mirror autodwg dwg2image a batch converter converts dwg to tif, tiff, dwg to jpg, gif, png, bmp without need of autocad,support autocad now. with autodwg dwg2image converter you can generate qualified bitmaps for: . publishing your drawings to the internet; . cd-rom to store and manage your drawings. . desktop publishing software; an activex control named dwg2imagex aslo available now let you convert dwg to jpg, dwg to tif, bmp, gif, etc. by programming.
__label__non_math	0.9876	asters are invaluable in the hardy border, adding superb color in the autumn. very durable and long lived. even heavy, wet soils will suit them. richer soils will generally yield taller plants. mounds of color begin in september, in a full range of colors. pinch back and divide like mums for best display. general rule of thumb is to pinch until 4th of july and not after. pinching yields better branching and more flowers. can be divided every -years in spring. avoid wet overwintering conditions.
__label__non_math	1.0000	at bluestone, along lake erie in northeast ohio, we maintain over 250,000 square feet of greenhouses filled with over million plants. although we don t currently have display gardens, we do have thousands of visitors come and browse our retail year. it s a great way to see hundreds of varieties all alphabetized on tables. find out where we re located enjoy our virtual tour below. customers can reach us by phone, fax, standard mail, or online. we process our orders daily and indicate a two week shipping window which gives us flexibility in dealing with mother nature. customers may choose their shipping day, and can modify their order right up until we start to process we propagate over million plants a season, roughly half by seed and the other vegetatively. here are some seedlings being shifted up to their final size, and some astilbes being divided. our plants are started in heated houses with hot water circulating through the floors. later they will be moved out to cooler houses to harden-off before our mail order picking area doubles as a retail store. if you get the chance to visit, you can see over ,000 varieties all alphabetized and available to take groups of orders are picked all at once to save our feet. they are separated and checked over before heading into our posting area. here the orders are closed up, documentation for each state added, and posted via priority mail, fed-ex, or ups. over ,200 boxes can post through in a day you might even see these plants later at arboretums, botanical gardens, or public gardens and amusement parks. our plants as much as we do. we sure have fun growing them.
__label__non_math	1.0000	here's some helpful gardening links that our help desk and staff are fond of using: - better homes gardens garden plans better homes and gardens offers numerous garden designs that feature perennials often with varieties that we offer. want to substitute a bluestone plant into one of the layouts? use our plant finder or contact firstname.lastname for assistance. - cooperative extension service get local gardening advice from your cooperative extension service, a nationwide, non-credit educational network. experts can provide useful, practical, and research-based information to agricultural producers, small business owners, youth, consumers, and others in rural areas and communities of all sizes. master gardener training is offered as well. - dave's garden a great source for gardeners providing informative articles, videos and numerous forums. while you re there, check out customer comments at dave's garden watchdog, a customer driven site that evaluates mail-order nurseries. - fine gardening pronunciation guide the good people at fine gardening have put together a very helpful pronunciation guide to help with latin names. - hydrangeas need help with hydrangeas? here is the helpdesk's favorite site. - rutger's deer resistant plant ratings looking for information on deer resistant plants? this rutger s university site rates plants by how deer resistant the plants are on a scale of a,b,c and d. - united states department of agriculture interested in the native status of a plant? the usda native status is an excellent place for info. enter the plant you want to check and click on view native status just below the distribution map. the latin genus only, or genus and species are good ways to start.
__label__non_math	1.0000	armed forces day is celebrated on the third saturday in may to honor u.s. servicemen and women. here are some ways to show your support: - send a letter put a smile on a soldiers face by sending them an e-card. go to militaryecard.com to get started. - send a care package show your support by sponsoring a care package to the troops. many websites offer care package services if you don't have a specific soldier in mind. - donate blood donate blood to the soldiers by contacting the american red cross at -800-give-blood. - look for a parade check your local newspaper for a parade in your area honoring soldiers for armed forces day. - display a flag show your patriotism by proudly flying an army, navy, air force, marines, coast guard, or american flag.
__label__non_math	1.0000	have you thought it over and decided it is time to add to your family? are you wanting a new family pet? come visit some of the residents of jarm this saturday at petsmart in bluffton. we will have several of our adorable adoptables waiting for their forever homes. come meet kirby, snowy, roy and parker and riley - as well as some of our beautiful puppies. what a great start to your weekend feel free to check out our website at for a brief description bio on the animal of your choice
__label__non_math	1.0000	since sun city hilton head opened years ago, of the 100 original homeowners still live in the community. while it was under development in , many active adults decided to buy before knowing what was ahead for sun city. barbara and roger hawkins visited hilton head for seven winters, escaping the cold weather of new brunswick, canada. when sun city began selling, the hawkins were the 50th homeowners to sign. they had been retired for seven years before buying their sun city home. barbara hawkins is a retired mental health counselor and roger hawkins was involved with the american bankers association. the hawkins are still part-timers, spending only six months at their sun city home. their first christmas in was an experience roger hawkins said he won t forget. since bluffton wasn t developed yet, the only grocery store nearby was the piggly wiggly on hilton head island. i went to get a turkey on christmas day and there were none left, he said. i had to settle for stringy, chewy ham. john and gloria tomasic had been visiting hilton head since . while looking for a place to retire, they visited a del webb community in las vegas. unsatisfied with the high heat index, the tomasics decided not to make the move. when the couple learned sun city was being developed in the lowcountry, the tomasics decided to take the risk and buy. we bought before seeing anything completed, gloria tomasics said. it was on complete faith. we liked what we saw in vegas and we were promised to have that in sun city. the community has lived up to their promises. ann and jim lau moved from philadelphia while they were semi-retired. for five years, they lived separately. john lau worked as a management consultant in chicago while ann lau lived in philadelphia as an english teacher. life here is wonderful, ann lau said. it s a new life and now we re together seven days a week. as the first 100 homeowners began their new lives in sun city, a group formed called the barrel landing club. it received that name because the community, along with beaufort county council, restored the barrel landing school located on s.c. 170. ann lau and gloria tomasic continue to keep the original homeowners updated on each other s lives. ann is the guru of the club, barbara hawkins said. she s kept tabs on all the people. ann lau said she holds onto the first memories of sun city, because the originals were the ones who were instrumental in helping grow the community. many of sun city s more than chartered clubs were formed by homeowners. if you didn t like a club, you could start your own, jim lau said. he was one of the first to join the sun city chorus. i loved to sing, but i had never sung with a group before, so when i heard it was being formed i immediately wanted to get involved, he said. with all the different clubs, you have to work hard to be bored or lonely in sun city. with a growing community inside and outside the gates in the late 1990s, residents began to volunteer in the community. the hawkins volunteered at the okatie outpatient center for several years. the tomasics helped with the hardeeville tutoring program. ann lau volunteered with the guardian ad litem program, working with abused children in the beaufort county court system. jim lau volunteered every friday morning at hunting island, moving turtle egg nests. while the community offers many amenities, clubs and activities, it is not always the best life for everyone. roger hawkins said residents must have risk-taking personalities. many of the originals had the confidence to take the risk to start over, roger hawkins said. people who move here and say it doesn t work out are usually people who need to be near their roots. with all these clubs and activities, i can t see how people couldn t find something to get involved with.
__label__non_math	1.0000	imycases sells lots of digital prodoucts all over the world,like android tablets,tablets accessoires,cell phones,phones accessories,ipad iphone accessories,computer accessories,gadgets and so on, all products are special offer,high quality but wholesale price. quality are our first guarantee,as the gold,never be low quality we accepeted paypal ,credit card,bank transfer,western union money order and any other payments please feel free to contact us shipment: fast shipment -days ' economy shipment default shipment -days more products, pls visit: contact us : email: email
__label__non_math	0.9991	charles and jenny williams by chuck williams about the author "...just a po' white boy, from a po' family..." publish date dimensions large square 154 pgs tags rings, vows, renewal, alter, kids, pearls, tie, bouquet, church, chapel, dress, williams, chuck, jenny, charles, wedding, wishing well, wedding dress, duncan memorial start your own book today from us ..
__label__non_math	1.0000	we are an uncommon subculture and community built by and for modified people. we are the historians, practitioners and appreciators of body modification. we are the collaborative and comprehensive resource for the freedom of individuality in thought, expression and aesthetic. we serve you and ourselves as a source of inspiration, entertainment and community. welcome to the new bme.com if you have questions, or you discover issues please email us here.
__label__non_math	0.9884	two announcements have been recently made by the high performance bmw tuner, dinan. the first one is about the msd81 software, which is the new dme that detects modifications to the cars computer dme, ecu that enhances performance. this software is finally available in stages and after a long wait. the third stage will come at a later date. the software is available for the 135, 335, and 535. secondly, the msd81 software is now state emissions legal.
__label__non_math	1.0000	people talk quite a bit about their favorite stan musial stories. and, while there are a million tales about his exploits on the field, mine has nothing to do about home runs, base hits or great plays on defense. my favorite story has to do with musial being offered a contract to leave the cardinals to jump to the upstart mexican major league. stan the man made 175,000 over five years. that would have offered a great deal of security in to a young guy with a family to support. but musial, unlike cardinals max lanier and fred martin as well as other mlb players, refused to take the lucrative pay day. why? stan said if he went back on his word, which he gave when he signed his name to a contract to play for the cardinals, he wouldn't be able to look his son in the eye. they just don't make guys like that anymore. there are a lot of other great stories to share about stan's character, too. in hall of famer ty cobb said in a story in life magazine that musial was one of only two current mlb players -- along with phil rizzuto from the yankees -- who were good enough to play in cobb's day. high praise from one of baseball's toughest critics. cobb added that musial was a much better player than joe dimaggio in his prime. musial said with humility that, while he didn't want to question the word of a great player like cobb, he didn't think he was as good as dimaggio. finally, musial was such a great ballplayer and great guy that in the 1960s chicago fans were polled about who their favorite sports figure was. and they chose musial, a guy who played for their arch rivals. sure, stan won mvp awards, batting titles, world series rings and every other accolade a baseball player can get. but the best thing about him is that he was someone truly worth rooting for. stan, you are terribly missed. we'll never be the same without you. but cardinals fans wouldn't be who they are today without you. god speed, stan the man.
__label__non_math	1.0000	from shopping and fashion, to entertainment and nightlife, to arts and culture, to wining and dining. if you are looking to experience the best and the newest of brisbane, the city is the place of endless discovery and delightful surprises. the city is the best place in queensland to source your new season collection. why? because we are home to over ,000 stores, including four shopping precincts, six shopping centres, over 250 local and international designers, and the state s largest collection of flagship stores and unique boutiques that you won t find anywhere else in brisbane.
__label__non_math	0.9991	brookhaven national laboratory was established in on the eastern end of long island at the former site of the u.s. army s camp upton. originally built out of a post-world war ii desire to explore the peaceful applications of atomic energy, the laboratory now has a broader mission: to perform basic and applied research at the frontiers of science, including nuclear and high-energy physics; physics and chemistry of materials; nanoscience; energy and environmental research; national security and nonproliferation; neurosciences and medical imaging; structural biology; and computational sciences. over its history, brookhaven lab has housed three research reactors, numerous one-of-a-kind particle accelerators, and other cutting-edge research facilities responsible for discoveries leading to many advances for science and society as well as seven nobel prizes. brookhaven was originally conceived, in part, to establish a national laboratory in the northeastern united states to design, construct and operate large scientific machines that individual institutions could not afford to develop on their own. throughout the years, brookhaven s scientists and visiting researchers have used these unique facilities to make discoveries in biology, physics, chemistry, geophysics, medicine, and materials science. since brookhaven opened its doors, countless innovations and inventions by staff and visiting scientists have contributed to research in many fields. discoveries made here have shaped our understanding of the atom and the universe, advanced medical imaging techniques, and created new technology and tools for studying microbiology, climate and pollutants, energy storage and more.
__label__non_math	0.9953	a warrior cats roleplay forum based on the best-selling books by erin hunter. a constantly growing community, new members are always welcome and it's very easy to get to hang of how the site works. free, forum, forgotten, purrs, version, roleplay, based, best-selling, books, erin, hunter, forget, forgets, warriors, role-play, cats, kitten, fireheart, rusty a free forum meant for creativity and socialization. whether you roleplay, play the forum text games, post your artistry, or would like to just meet people - this is the place for you. free, forum, forgotten, realm, roleplay, social, website, random, blog, journal, poems, poetry, stories, story, write, writing, photos, photography, friend, friends, online, text, base, meet, people, anime, manga, supernatural free forum : a place for the forgotten, abandoned, forsaken and misunderstood. a place you can be yourself without the fear of rejection. free, forum, wasteland, friends, hang, memebers, forgotten, abandoned, forsaken, misunderstood, place, yourself, without, fear, rejection legends speak of a forgotten pack known as maledetto vuoto, the wretched hollow. this family of elusive wolves is located somewhere in the vast northern expanses of the fluorite plains in the feral heart program. dare you venture onto their soil? maledetto, vuoto:, wretched, hollow, legends, speak, forgotten, pack, known, this, family, elusive, wolves, located, somewhere, vast, northern, expanses, fluorite, plains purrs'n'whiskers - the cat lovers' guide to the feline universe chat, purrs, whiskers, free, funny, photos, contest, competition, gone, forgotten, feline, friends
__label__non_math	0.9988	dog message board. dog and puppy forum where dog lovers come and share ideas, tips, and questions. k9academy, message, board, dogs, puppies, puppy, discussion, training, potty, problem, canine, pooch home of vigilantes - battlestar galactica 3rd fighter squadron vigilantes, galactica, bsgo the home of the lord gaming clan. we play battlestar galactica online and star trek online. join today lord, clan, gaming, galactica, online, trek free forum : private forum for battlestar galactica onlines unified colonial federation coalition members free, forum, unified, colonial, federation, coalition, private, galactica, onlines, fleet, members free forum : vigilantes btod are here to help you out when ever you need it. all levels are welcome free, forum, vigilantes, btod , blue, tide, doom, members, welcome, galactica, online free forum : the crusaders wing forum. free, forum, the-crusaders, wing, bsgo, galactica, online
__label__non_math	0.9969	royalty free images, free movies on pc, free tax software, free computer games, royalty free music, royalty, images, games, programs, windows, health, loss, shop, hair, products, tablets, shoes, online, skin, firming, cream, anti, aging professional technical support forum; free virus, spyware, and malware removal; free technical support and computer servicing. technology, malware, antispyware, internet, support, linux, windows, help, computers, forum, security, tutorials, virus, removal, remove, software, blogs a place to chat about rep bags chat, fang, repbags, jacky, shaly, reps, chanel, louis, vuitton, alexandra, wang, chloe, prada, balenciaga, celine, reviews, amazing, reputable, sellers, catty, lily, ioffer free tutorials, poll, blogs and forums for. windows activation, serial, cracks and keygens. we also provide it discussion on other freeware software and shareware software. download free software, free games. free, software, forum, tech, tutorials, windows, activation, games, forums, android, developers, editors, users, feel, questions, ours, brick, hard next up on wang biho s hitlist: nine muses. on the 15th, wang biho stated, who s nine muses? oh lpg, on kbs gag concert. he had left the girls speechless with that statement. he continued, i did a background check on nine muses. there are
__label__non_math	0.9170	main team site solo, lane, studios dont just watch the game come live it .... cricket, fantasy, simulator, sachin, tendulkar, make grim bastards forum samp, andreas, clan, gbmc, grim, bastards, motorcycle, club multiplayer online gaming combat, arms, clan, gameplay gb simracing league simracing, league, motorsport, itcc, xbox360, rfactor a work-in-progress driving game being made with nvidia physx free, forum, uveen3d, developers, making, game, unity3d, gene, crunk, reed, leonard, madison, ridgeland, united, states, computer black, subnet, blacklight, cyber breakdown community is the vision of a friendly pokemon wifi battling community. breakdown, pokemon, clan, wars, rate, kr15, invalid, rockers we are great, fun loving, friendly and active faction from harshlands server. faction, sacrament, perfect, world, video, games, roleplaying, harshlands, mmorpg, guild a forum for the everyday competitive runner... run more forum, 365runners, running, marathon, training, community, news, info, knowledge, plans jk2 clan forum convicted , clan, forum, jedi, knight, mods metatron - a forum for a variety of need for madness based projects. metatron, need, madness, clan, projects, forum carbongear designs, gta san andreas mods burnout, andreas, mods, gaming, cars, bikes argentbound entertainment is a small game development team using open source game softwares to build single players rpgs and small orpgs. argentbound, entertainment, gaming we're a welcoming group of pc gamers, always looking for new people to play with. if you enjoy teamwork and a friendly community that plays a multitude of games, this is the place for you. odium, minecraft, survival, forum, multiplayer, server, community, 0dium, epic, 64slot, no-lag, nolag shadow consortium , eu branch of the na shadow consortium. shadowconsortium, hashili, prometheus, europe, risen-force, games, dark, guild, group, relics, pitbosses, mobs, weapons, gear, lotro, facebook, forum an esports team page and online mall. crhz, crowded, haze, esports, call, duty, modern, warfare, black, major, league, gaming, non-profit, amateur, mall, shopping, clothes, shoes, toys nimbuzz is for fun a forum created by naughty boyz free forum : we are a racing team focused on the forza series competing with racers all around the world in racing series hosted online in the virtual racing world. blagovesta gosheva ct forum blagovesta, gosheva, gosheva's, digital, scrapbooking, creative fight like man eternal, fight, like gangstaahmed, gab , clan this is a forum for all rebecca ferguson fans. rebecca, ferguson, teamferguson, xfactor, heaven
__label__non_math	0.9233	this is a place for mature gamers to come and play against friendly, good-natured fellows without worry of hackers, cheaters, or annoying kids. killer, possum, alliance, this, place, mature, gamers, come, play, against, friendly, good-natured, fellows, without, worry, hackers, cheaters, annoying, kids free forum : battle programming a forum for elite programmers with extreme will power to sharpen theire skills free, forum, battle, programmers, alliance, programming, technological, elite, extreme, power, sharpen, skills free forum : a forum where pansexuals can talk freely without fear of discrimination and stand together not as one comunity, but together as a whole with lgbt free, forum, pansexual, alliance, community, where, pansexuals, talk, freely, without, fear, discrimination, stand, together, comunity free forum : in order to facilitate conversations between alliance members in the galactic empire, this forum was created. free, galactic, empire, order, facilitate, conversations, between, alliance, members, this, forum, created the forum site for easier location of alliance info and a general write spot for any questions or ideas midkemia nzdf , forum, site, easier, location, alliance, info, general, write, spot, questions, ideas a forum for monarch order members to sign up and find oppertunities within the alliance. it is also a place where other alliances can get in touch with us. monarch, order, forum, members, sign, find, oppertunities, within, alliance, also, place, where, other, alliances, touch free forum : an e-fed where your oc or existing wrestler can run amuck. with weekly shows and relationships galore, you'll never be bored. free, forum, championship, wrestling, alliance, e-fed, where, your, existing, wrestler, amuck, with, weekly, shows, relationships, galore, you'll, never, bored from the ashes of gametrailers that sought out to thrash our private forums, we rise up and migrated from gt to create a site to preserve our independence from trolls, flamers, and other nonsense. we will not die sony, gamer's, alliance, from, ashes, gametrailers, that, sought, thrash, private, forums, rise, migrated, create, site, preserve, independence, trolls, flamers, other, nonsense welcome to marvel woh forum. this is where players can sell trade cards, sell tips and tricks and gather more players for your alliance. marvel, heroes, welcome, forum, this, where, players, sell trade, cards, tips, tricks, gather, more, your, alliance welcome to caffeinehead hq caffeine, caffeinehead, gaming, gamer, mario, forums, life, metal, gear, solid, coffee, energy free forum : croatian flying disc alliance forums. all about flying discs in croatia, be it ultimate or disk golf, in one place. free, forum, hrvatski, flying, disk, savez, croatian, disc, alliance, forums, about, discs, ultimate, golf, place
__label__non_math	0.9962	consider it an ultimate dayboat or tricked-out tender for your megayacht. either way, there s never been anything like the wider . and outside of wally, there s really never been a boatbuilder focused on pushing the boundaries of convention to this degree. when you realize wider s founder is tilli antonelli, who founded pershing in italy in the 1980s and remained its chief until earlier this year, it starts to make sense. pershings earned the nickname silver bullet in some circles because of their sleek shape, metallic exterior color scheme, and of course speed. they were dramatically different than other craft when they landed on american shores in the 1990s. the first wider should turn heads, too, when she premieres at the genoa boat show in october. while an american debut date hasn t been announced yet, nor has the u.s. representative, the north and south american markets are primary targets. the company name was inspired by the biggest selling concept of the boat, devised by antonelli: the amidships area can widen to both sides, doubling the usable space. in addition, the extended hull sections simulate outriggers, like on proas. antonelli likes to refer to the extra space as a sort of playground in the middle of the sea. further notable is the use of esthec instead of teak underfoot. wider s facility is in castelvecchio di monteporzio, italy, the same one where the first pershing was built. there s yet another tie to the pershing days: all the models - and -footers are in the works are styled by fulvio de simoni. naval architecture is being handled in house in conjunction with wave ingegneria and mark wilson, who s made a name in offshore powerboat racing. the latter s contributions are particularly noticeable in the racing-style stepped hull of the . even the engine installation is similar to that in the racing world: offset, not directly side by side. this reportedly yields a lower center of gravity on centerline, bolstering stability. construction-wise, wider employs scrimp, with a carbon and vinylester resin. some components are made solely with carbon fiber. all of these elements will keep weight down, important particularly given the anticipated -knot-plus top speed. owners and guests will have a variety of ways to enjoy that speed. inside, there s a dinette that can convert to a berth for naps or overnights. in the image here, the amidship cockpit is set up for dining. but it can also be used as a sundeck, by dropping the table and covering it with a pad. alternately the seating area slides apart to convert into two sunlounges. it s interesting to note that all of the seating is comprised of inflatable cushions, not the traditional fixed fiberglass benches. if the mood strikes, you can remove the cushions and toss them in the water as extra toys. speaking of toys, the wider can tote a rib or pwc aft. another option: dive bottles and related gear. regardless, the platform upon which the toys are stowed lowers to allow easy entry into the water.
__label__non_math	0.9812	not many boats have the ability to connect you with mother nature that way an open, center console can. the problem is that there s only so much you can do with the layout, that it makes one wonder how a company can compete with all the other center consoles on the market. well for starters, grady-white s year track record has to speak for itself. their boats are well known as strongly built and able sea boats. but that s not enough for this builder. and that s good news for the customer. the fisherman series from grady-white is a line of center console boats with this '" .m model starting the progression. safety built in because this is a center console, we can assume that she's not a boat that will be hanging around a protected river or lake. these boats lend themselves more to coastal fishing - not far from home, and relative safety, but far enough out in open water to warrant an added layer of protection from mother nature. in the case of the fisherman 180, her cockpit depth of " .cm will keep us securely onboard when the boat starts rocking. larger boats will have deeper cockpits, but for a boat this size, it will suffice. something we see lacking in a lot of boats in this class is bowrails. some have them, some don t. with the 180, grady-white has installed low profile rails that will give stability when moving fore and aft. if you like more comfort from raised rails, you can have them as an option. the ability to cross over to a family boat has its merits, and on the fisherman 180, the addition of bow cushions will turn the forward raised casting deck into a lounge area. unique to grady as we look closer we see that there are some features distinctive in this boat. just ahead of the console, we always see a removable cooler with a cushion on it. it s easy to do and more important, it s cheap to do. not so on the fisherman 180 where we see a seat molded in. this is much better for so many reasons, not the least of which is security for hanging onto in rough seas. you can use it as storage, or as a cooler, but some may opt for converting it into an aerated livewell. we also love that there are vertical rod holders on the side of the forward seat. you can t do that with a carry-on cooler. grady-white offers an option of converting the forward seat to an gallon .l aerated livewell. notice the vertical rod holders mounted to the side. neither of these features would be possible with a typical carry-on cooler that we usually see on center consoles. another feature we like to see is a freshwater washdown. the problem is, we typically see this added to boats once they reach the .m range. but grady-white included one, albeit as an option, on their starter boat as well. this one is plumbed to a gallon .l tank. grady-white provides ample room to the sides of the console and a roomy bow storage compartment for ground tackle. if you keep your boat at a marina, instead of trailering, then you may want to explore an additional midships cleat. what could be better than coming home with a hold full of blues? these are packed into a qt. .l insulated fish box with an overboard drain moving aft a bit, we find a helm with open space for electronics. more and more we see this feature, and it s good that builders recognize the need for this sort of space, even if the boat won t be straying far from home. can you spot the horn switch at a glance? with multi-function gauges, the 180 helm is uncluttered and ready to accept a flat screen panel. up above, grady-white correctly mounted the compass in line of sight to the helm. we always see compasses mounted in the center. good for the obsessive compulsive, bad for the navigator. the 316 grade stainless wheel is connected to no-feedback mechanical steering. the bench seat is reversible, which is ideal for trolling with a foot braced against the motor well. as usual, we see an acrylic windshield, but this also has a full stainless grab rail surrounding it. another departure with grady-white is the aft seats. these are built in, and we d rather see them removable, to facilitate access all the way to the transom for fish fighting. raw water washdown is also offered as an option, because you sometimes need to clean up without exhausting your fresh water supply. behind the hatch is room for an optional second battery and switch. there s only one canvas option on the 180 and it s for a bimini top. while shade is a valuable commodity on any boat, we d also like to see a cockpit cover, or at least a console cover. grady-white sees the value of limiting choices of engines in this package. it allows for the factory to pre-rig all their boats the same. that makes one price, and one set of procedures. the engine of choice is the popular yamaha f150 four-stroke. this engine has a solid reputation for delivering reliable power with excellent fuel efficiency. while we haven t tested this model yet, the team at grady-white tell us that they ve reached a top speed of .mph with a fuel burn of .gph. dialed back to a more economical cruise of .mph the 180 shows a much more reasonable .gph fuel burn. with a gallon 227 l tank you ll have a range of over 267 miles 429.km with a reserve. love affairs with boats come and go with the tide, but grady-white seems to have found its niche and generates more than its fair share of brand loyalty. looking at the features and it s easy to see grady-white putsa little extra into every boat, even those at the beginning of the food chain. that says a lot, and if you can hook a customer with your smallest, odds are, he s going to stay with you when he moves grady-white 180 fisherman - standard and optional equipment washdown: raw water outlet: -volt acc grady-white 180 fisherman - warranty grady-white 180 fisherman - warranty information warranties change from time to time. while boattest.com has tried to ensure the most up-to-date warranty offered by each builder, it does not guarantee the accuracies of the information presented below. please check with the boat builder or your local dealer before you buy any boat. full warranty information on this brand coming soon grady-white 180 fisherman - price grady-white 180 fisherman - price base price msrp price as tested prices, features, designs, and equipment are subject to change. please see your local dealer or visit the builder's website for the latest information available on this boat model. members must log in to view the test results section.
__label__non_math	0.9871	this weekend i started working on the frame portion for what will eventually be a diy chalkboard. a friend of mine suggested using old magazine clippings for some of my mod podge projects why didn't i think of that? once i had pages i liked, i cut strips out of the pages see below . to break up the colors of the magazine, i grabbed some old sheet music and cut the music bars up into strips like the magazine pages. finally - get out the mod podge and do work i applied mod podge to the frame, then placed the strips one by one, adding mod podge each time. magazine, then music, mag, music strip.... when i got one full side done, i also applied mod podge over the entire covered area. when the frame is fully decorated, i'll apply - coats of mod podge over the entire thing not the glass . finish frame with sealant and make sure to cover the glass, because you'll be painting chalkboard paint on it later. can't wait to post the finished project
__label__non_math	1.0000	you may remember... okay, let's be honest - how can you forget this kid. william the weather kid made his tv debut here locally with hutch on kvly as part of their weather kids program - and stole the show. this week william went national rumor has it that william will also be doing the weather with none other than al roker on the today show, but details have yet to be released.
__label__non_math	0.9946	with all that said, aside from a trade there really isn't any options for the team to fill the empty spot. unless we want to take players who have not performed that are free agents. with the d-league there is plenty of players who have yet to see nba playing time and should get that chance. i don't see a trade that brings us anything greater than diop unless the team trades one of our core players. as the team is, it would be wrong to mess with the chemistry the team has begun to establish imo.
__label__non_math	0.9980	no leakage into the bowl from the tank, and it does stop when you turn the water off. i think it's the fill valve also. i don't know the brand - is... tlcolemanmember since probably what i could would have bought off the shelf myself. seems like professionals should have better parts and do better work. though i had th... my parents had a new kit installed in their toilet tank to keep it from running pretty much constantly. this kit was installed by a plumber. howeve...
__label__non_math	0.9991	laws, regulations annotations property taxes law guide revision revenue and taxation code part . collection of taxes chapter . warrant for collection of taxes . recordation of warrant. the warrant shall be recorded in the county in which the real property is located in such manner as will impart constructive notice of its recordation and shall be directed to the sheriff or marshal and shall have the same force and effect as a writ of execution. the warrant shall be levied and sale made pursuant to it in the same manner and with the same force and effect as a levy of and sale pursuant to a writ of execution.
__label__non_math	0.9997	your friends name: your friends email: government and industry leaders from around the world gathered in colorado springs, colo., for the annual national space symposium in mid-april. among the key note speakers were nasa administrator charles f. bolden, the commander of u.s. air force space command general c. robert kehler, and boeing defense, space security president and ceo dennis muilenburg. taking place in the days leading to president barack obama s speech on the future of space exploration, the conference set the stage for industry s response to the civil, commercial and military space challenges of the 21st century. view the full transcript of muilenburg s remarks pdf .38mb
__label__non_math	0.9999	the hippest little corner pizza joint in town, with an open kitchen and always-full dining room. salads and pastas are good here, but it s the pizza that s the star, boasting incredible crusts. enter your address metro newspapers. . website powered by foundation
__label__non_math	0.9996	- the museum - calendar exhibitions - collection research - support boijmans hans berg gives a unique live concert saturday, march, .p.m. during the rotterdam museum night, the swedish composer hans berg is giving a live concert accompanied by nathalie djurberg s first stop-motion animation films. her films and his music can be admired in museum boijmans van beuningen from march, in a presentation of some eighteen films dating from to the present. this snakes knows it s yoga exhibition is the largest ever overview of their work. the finishing touches are currently being made to the exhibition, which occupies the square metres of the museum s bodon gallery. coloured films and light have been used to create a fantastical atmosphere, in which the films and videos by nathalie djurberg b. play the leading role. ten of her films, including turn in to me , on fire and the experiment greed , are being projected onto large, suspended screens. the sculptures that are part of the snakes knows it s yoga installation occupy a central position in the midst of these screens. eight short films from the early years of djurberg s artistic career will be shown in a specially constructed black box . colour, light and music a video portrait of djurberg and berg that explores their collaboration and working methods can be seen as part of the exhibition and on the arttube.boijmans.nl video channel. colourful lighting is another important element in their work. at museum boijmans van beuningen, djurberg has created a composition of coloured gels, which filters the daylight. the music of the composer hans berg serves as a guideline for the audience. his experimental compositions add an extra layer that allows the public to identify with the lead character s in djurberg s animations. the swedish artist nathalie djurberg is best known for her films produced using stop-motion technique. at first these may seem sweet and innocuous, but her work tackles themes such as obsession, power, pleasure, desire and violence. in her films she consistently creates animated, surreal fables . her world consists of apparently clich d fairytales that derail into a battleground filled with death, sex and violence. in snakes knows it s yoga , djurberg explores the fear of death. in one of the films a naked young woman plays the lead role, going on an ecstatic dance with a colourful frog. she tries to lick the poisonous frog in order to attain higher spheres, as if in a shamanistic ritual. in another film a snake hypnotises a skinny man who is meditating, eventually overpowers this yogi and tears him apart. nathalie djurberg creates her world using stop-motion, a labour-intensive technique that involved building up the film frame by frame. the figurines of coloured clay are remodelled into a new pose for each shot, which results in a jolty animation with a shaky backdrop and undisguised supporting threads. the artist chooses not to repair imperfections in the plasticine of the figurines nor to correct linguistic mistakes in the texts, which makes djurberg s surreal films all the more vulnerable and human. djurberg berg nathalie djurberg and hans berg live and work in berlin. they have staged solo presentations at the centre pompidou in paris , the hammer museum in los angeles and the prada foundation in milan both in , and kunsthalle wien . their work can be found in the collections of the solomon r. guggenheim museum new york , moderna museet stockholm and the sprengel museum hanover . in , nathalie djurberg and hans berg were awarded the silver lion by the 53rd venice biennale. the snakes knows it s yoga exhibition is a collaboration with the kestnergesellschaft in hanover and the kunstforeningen gl strand in copenhagen. a richly illustrated catalogue is being published to accompany the show. it can be purchased at the museum shop and via webshop.boijmans.nl from march. price: ., isbn 978--198- for more information or and images, please contact the marketing and communication department ..561
__label__non_math	0.9999	here are links to a few of our favorite friends, colleagues and research sites the freedom archives preserve the past - illuminate the present - shape the future hours of audio and video recordings documenting social justice movements locally, nationally, and internationally from the 1960s to the present. the archives features speeches of movement leaders and community activists, protests and demonstrations, cultural currents of rebellion and resistance. this oral history is in a searchable database. you can download programs and clips. internships and training programs are available. libros latinos books of latin america since libros de am rica latina desde specializing in latin america, spain, portugal and the caribbean books on all subjects and periods in all languages. new, used, scholarly, out-of-print, rare antiquarian. we regularly issue catalogs. open soon at our new location at mission street in san francisco meyer boswell books, inc. specializing in antiquarian law books this is a searchable database of over ,000 rare and scholarly books on the law available for purchase from meyer boswell books, inc. in san francisco, california, usa. if you find something you like, you can order it securely online. mission street san francisco, ca phone : 415 255- fax : 415 255- url : glbt historical society our goal is to build the world's first full-scale, professional quality museum devoted to glbt history and culture. the mission of the glbt historical society is to collect, preserve, exhibit, and otherwise make available to the public historical, cultural, and artistic materials related to gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender communities, identities, and practices, as well as of other sexual minorities. our archives contain hundreds of unique manuscript collections and oral history transcripts, thousands of periodical publication runs, tens of thousands of historical photographs, and hundreds of thousands of ephemeral items, in addition to a growing collection of fine art, graphic art, textiles, artifacts and memorabilia. abaa home of the antiquarian booksellers' association of america abaa world wide web server. abaa-booknet specializes in rare and antiquarian books, maps, and prints. "we have over 330 dealers in rare books available online. find out more about abaa, and take a look at a recent abaa newsletter. abaa code of ethics. abaa is a member of the international league of antiquarian booksellers." marxist mailing list the marxism list is a worldwide moderated forum for activists and scholars in the marxist tradition information on the marxism mailing list, including how to subscribe. collections of links on marxism, labor, ecology, latin america, indigenous struggles, investigative reporting, and scholarly resources. marxists internet archive includes major collections in electronic form of writings by marx engels, connolly, lenin, deleon, trotsky, draper; and small collections by cannon, guevara, labriola, lunacharsky, luxemburg, mariategui. morris, pannekoek, pouliopoulos, reed, riazanov and shachtman. our mission at bibliopolis is to help independent booksellers establish, maintain and grow their internet presence with easy-to-use products and services that can evolve when the market demands it. web services for booksellers bibliopolis offers complete e-commerce, website design, development and hosting services for independent, used and rare booksellers. bookhound is a full-featured inventory system and database application built to handle most day-to- day bookselling operations. the labadie collection beginning in the early 1900s, joseph labadie s extensive collection of labor literature was sought by several universities for the growing field of labor scholarship. labadie chose the university of michigan, where it formed the nucleus of the renowned labadie collection, considered the most comprehensive repository of radical literature in the united states. iww welcome to the official website of the industrial workers of the world. here you'll find just about all you'll need to join the iww labor union and begin organizing your workplace to build the "one big union" in your community. the iww, now in its 102nd year, has a long and celebrated history gayscape - search engine search no more. gay, lesbian, bisexual, queer no matter what you call it we've got it. by limiting our listings to sites of gay, lesbian and bisexual interest we provide the specialized search tool that's fast, easy and fun. over 182,000 indexed sites. gayscape.com is all you need to remember.an index -based search engine with a focus. quite thorough, with a great deal of international links. the clinic of cultural collision showcases a sophisticated collection of links to mutually-exclusive weltanschauungen, intellectual shooting galleries, and specialists in artistic nervous disorders. the clinic also houses the vast archives of jay kinney's comix, writings, and other creative output. our motto: "you can check out, but you can never leave." heck dramatic imagery on the page and the stage graphic designer, fine artist, photographer, theatre artist playwright director, working out of san francisco since , my primary interest has been the theatre. i have acted, directed, produced, designed and written for the stage and screen. i have worked for the los angeles actors theatre, la theatre works, mark taper forum's taper too modern literature and fiction, used and collectible books. no web presence but one of several fine used book shops located at mission street in san francisco mission st ste 202 san francisco, ca phone: 415 863- priapean tomes winner of the rainbow award for glbt excellence. gay-oriented on-line bookseller. well-annotated catalogs. good bibliographical reference. book reviews. gay art. nineteenth-century lawyer, abolitionist, entrepreneur, legal theorist and political radical. includes pages on spooner's life, bibliography, about spooner, and links resources.
__label__non_math	0.9943	music review: rab ne bana di jodi shahrukh khan and aditya chopra come together after long years and the expectations are sky high. music has always been an integral part of any srk yash raj movie, so does rab ne banadi jodi s music recreate the magic of ddlj and mohabbatein? read the following exclusive bollynewz review to know. music by saleem-sulaiman cast: shahrukh khan and anushka sharma tujh mein rab dikhta hai roop kumar rathod - the first song in a shah rukh khan and yash chopra project has never been short of a classic. whether it was tujhe dekha to yeh jaana ddlj , humko humise mohabbatein , tere liye veer zaara or jaadu teri nazar darr , everytime this duo has hit the jackpot. tujhe mein rab dikhta hai does not live up to those mammoth expectations but it doesn t disappoint either. basically what we get is not the evergreen song we were hoping for, but we do get one of the better love songs of the year. although i wish this were a duet and not a solo by roop kumar rathod. it would have sounded very nice in a female s voice. musically the song is really nice but lyrically it is a bit of a disappointment. tujh mein rab dikhta hai part shreya ghosal - this one is too short to make any impact. rating: na dance pe chance sunidhi chauhan labh janjua rhyming the words dance and chance or nothing new as they were already used in the song dil dance maare from tashan. although this is a situational song, the lyrics and music are great. can any song sung by labh janjua go wrong? this guy has fast become one of my favorite singers and in this song too, his singing is the highlight. this track will be interesting to see on screen as it will be the first time his voice has been picturized on srk pir milenge chalte chalte sonu nigam this track seems like a medley of many old songs into one song but with a twist. i have never been a huge fan of medleys so this one doesn t appeal to me all that much. although the song sounds really nice at the hum hain raahi pyaar ke pir milenge chalte chalte parts we are reminded who the best singer in india is haule haule sukhwinder singh this is the song thats been playing in the trailers for a week or so and needless to say its a definite hit. sukhwinder singh s rendition of the song, however, could have been better unfortunately there are only four songs in the album. final verdict: rab ne bana di jodi is a pretty good album that will become even more popular after the songs are seen on screen .but from the album alone, you get the feeling that something is missing
__label__non_math	0.9999	annu kapoor, happy birthday the versatile actor-singer celebrates his 57th birthday today born on in bhopal, madhya pradesh, annu kapoor wanted to become a surgeon but couldn t fulfill his dream due to financial problems. little did he know that destiny had something else in store for him. annu shot to fame and became a household name as a popular television host with zee tv s longest running musical show antakshari. in a career spanning over years, annu has done distinctive work as an actor too. in films like mandi, utsav, arjun, mr india, ghayal, gardish, raincoat and saat khoon maaf, he has shown his unquestionable acting prowess. the -year-old actor was seen as a lecherous police inspector who falls in love with priyanka chopra s character in vishal bhardwaj s saat khoon maaf. he went on to a play a corrupt cop in the akshaye khanna starrer gali gali chor hain. his obsessive and compulsive role as a quirky doctor in vicky donor won him lots of appreciation and also the coveted filmfare award for the best actor in a supporting role. presently, the actor-singer is being appreciated for his new music based show the golden era with annu kapoor, where he shares some interesting unheard memories of yesteryear bollywood stars. the versatile actor will tickle our funny bone once again in yamla pagla deewana which will release this year. we wish the energetic actor a great birthday and an eventful first published: . ist ..
__label__non_math	1.0000	ranveer singh: i was a casanova in , a chap from delhi came, saw and conquered. exactly a year later, that young man, ranveer singh, is back with more experience, pressure, excitement and a new story in ladies vs ricky bahl when band baaja baaraat released, no one expected the film or its unusual hero to create an impact in b-town. but ranveer singh astounded everyone with his performance and simpleton charm. he now returns with a new film to increase his fan following tenfold as he dives in to the character of ricky bahl and charms his way into millions of hearts. click here to read more
__label__non_math	1.0000	aamir to throw a grand bash for imran-avantika industries who s who will be invited and kiran and aamir are personally inviting their guests and asked them to keep the particular date free. the invitation card states cocktail and dinner party with a request blessings only . aamir's spokesperson states, "it is going to be a grand, yet elegant event. kiran is looking after the various aspects of the party especially the food and the decor. the venue will be decorated with lots of flowers. the hotel is also opening a special entrance for the wedding guests." after their wedding, aamir announced a grand reception for imran and avantika but did not fix the date then as he was busy with dhobi ghat promotions.
__label__non_math	0.9992	welcome to bolton orchards check out our grill menu seasonal hours - june thru oct. : m - f, - ; sat and sun, - ice cream widow open daily noon to daily lunch specials, sandwiches, home-made soups and entrees, pizza, and heavenly desserts. gerardo's bakery is here too check out the choices we have available for red barn coffee. they're all delicious, try one of each a large variety of apples and the large selection of jellies are available to order.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the sun recently reported that bond was underway and that the new james bond movie was rumored to star rachel weisz and be entitled red sky at night. the scoop, it turns out, comes from an anonymous friend-of-a-friend tip james bond fan forum. british james bond website mi6 were quick to rebuff the story and humiliate its authors. the piece, editors point out, is largely cobbled together from old rumors writing: you can expect to see this garbage recycled on movie blogs and reported as un-sourced fact in tabloid newspapers over the coming days stay tuned for scandal. about skyfall james bond the new bond movie will star daniel craig, javier bardem, ralph fiennes, naomie harris, berenice marlohe, albert finney and judi dench, produced by michael g. wilson and barbara broccoli. the 007 screenplay will be written by regular james bond scribes neal purvis and robert wade, working with john logan gladiator the last samurai . director of american beauty and road to perdition, sam mendes will be directing the new james bond movie. mgm and sony pictures entertainment in a joint statement on 2nd june announced that bond will go on release in the uk on friday, 26th october, and in the usa on 9th november . the first major announcement from eon productions and sony pictures came on 3rd november in london when the principle cast was announced, along with a rough plot line. in skyfall, bond s loyalty to m is tested as her past comes back to haunt her. as mi6 comes under attack, 007 must track down and destroy the threat, no matter how personal the cost.
__label__non_math	0.9954	jump to recipe kabir the great poet saint had said about this tree "bara hua to kya hua, jaisa per khajur, panthi ko chaya nahin, fal lage ati dur". whoever had hindi as their second language in school in india must be familiar with kabir's dohas or couplets. they were short and so profound i used to love them and still remember some. the above doha or couplet means "even though the palm tree is big, it's bigness is of no use, as it does not provide cool shade to weary travelers and it's fruits are too high to be picked up", the essence being your greatness lies not in your stature but in how you serve others. however kabir had missed a point, he had underestimated our endeavor for good food, to get the khajur and khajur ka ras the sweet sap from the date palm tree we can climb all the way up. i have never had khejur ras but the khejur gur, mmmmmmmm, not enough words to describe it. it has much more flavor and tastes way better than cane jaggery. khejur gur liquid date palm jaggery -- made from boiling the sap from date palms is very popular in bengal during the winter months. it is also commonly called "notun gur" literally, "new jaggery" or "nolen gur". i think the sap of the date palms is best during the winter months and that is the reason we get this gur or jaggery around this time. also during the summer, night temperatures are high and sap harvested ferments by morning, rendering the product fit only as an alcoholic drink. the liquid khejur gur is delicious, tastes better than maple syrup and we used to have it poured on our luchi puri or roti for dinner or breakfast. it is also used to make a variety of sweets in bengal. this article explains the process of making khejur-gur here. khejur gur in solid form is sold in the shape of oval discs and is also known as "patali gur" but i have never mustered the courage to smuggle liquid khejur gur liquid palm date jaggery to the us, though i do carry the the solid khejur gur which is also called "patali gur" in bengali, from kolkata, if i am visiting during winter. but i have to ration my khejur gur as i have only one patali to last a year or more and i use it only for special occasions to make paayesh or paramanna during my husband d's and my daughter's b'day, as bengalis consider having payesh on one's birthday as auspicious. paayesh can also be made with sugar but khejur gur er paayesh is just heavenly. this is how my ma makes payesh and she makes the best payesh in the world. only recently i have learned to make khejur gur-er payesh from her and so here is my attempt. i made this for d's b'day earlier this month but am posting it now in time for jfi what you need whole milk and litre half half milk litre note: my ma uses litre of whole milk only. i use the half half as it reduces my effort to thicken the milk gobindobhog rice or kalajeera rice or basmati rice a little less than of a cup ghee enough to smear the rice with, maybe tsp raisins a fistful soaked in water tejpata or bayleaves or khejur gur or palm date jaggery i added depending on my sweetness level note: the sugar khejur gur amounts to almost cups. this is sweet enough for me, not enough for my dad and just right for my hubby, friends, mom etc. between the sugar gur you can increase one and decrease the other, but the gur has to be added only after the paayesh is taken off the heat as mentioned in the recipe how i do it wash the rice, drain the water and then smear the rice with a little ghee pour milk in a boiling pan, usually a deep heavy bottomed pan. i use a deep non-stick one. add or bay leaves when the milk come to a boil add the rice. be careful so that milk does not boil over. stir intermittently and check if the rice is done. you kind of have to keep stirring frequently else the milk might scald the bottom of the pan as it thickens. when the rice is cooked add sugar. tip: adding sugar before the rice has boiled hinders it getting cooked properly now stir the milk continuously so that the milk does not burn or scald the bottom of the container and the rice does not stick. when the milk has thickened to the right consistency, to check this take a spoonful of liquid and pour it on a flat plate, the viscosity of the milk should be such that it does not flow. by this time the milk would have also reduced from it's original volume. approx. time to reach this stage is almost an hour or so at a medium flame setting on my gas range. take the paayesh off heat and add the khejur gur after mins and stir well. add gur depending on your desired sweetness level. tip: if your gur or jagery has been refrigerated put it in the microwave til it turns soft. savor the sweet smell of khejur gur, pure bliss add kishmis or raisins. serve hot or cold, i like cold better this is my entry for december jfi hosted by kay. congaratulations to the new mom and kudos to her for hosting this inspite of her new motherhood. here's some discussion on getting khejur gur in the us:came across a very interesting forum discussing khejur-gur which i wanted to share if you are interested check it out here at this forum. they say that they found a substitute for khejur gur in us "this is the liquid form of gula jawa literally, java sugar, it can be made of either arenga palm, coconut palm or palmyra palm sap , and comes in a squeezable plastic bottle." indira of mahanadi says she got herself some palm date jaggery from her indian store. so check your local bangladeshi or indian store for this jaggery, my neighbourhood indian store doesn't carry the khejur gur i crave for and i haven't tried any khejur gur outside bengal yet. i just saw from mandira's asha's blog i get to know all about events from this wonderful blogger friends that there is a festive fair at anna's of morsels musings . since paayesh is a "special occasion" recipe i am sending this out to her too. get this recipe in my book coming out soon. check this blog for further updates. trivia: muzaffarnagar district in uttar pradesh has the largest jaggery market in india followed by anakapalli of visakhapatnam district in andhra pradesh. both are termed to be the biggest and second biggest in the entire world.
__label__non_math	0.9999	friday, ...drinking tea and reading a book in a rocking chair by the window. mine will definitely be an antithesis to that but a girl can always dream. the two cups in the picture were my mother's day gift from bigsis and little sis, who rather whose father knows about my cup fetish too well. there were also lovely hand made cards and a home made brunch. the books, orhan pamuk's "museum of innocence" and "best food writing " were picked up by me at an amazing price when borders near my home was going out of business. while i am going slow with the pamuk, i am enjoying the short essays in "best food writing". it is a lovely collection and though i cannot say i love all the writings, some of them are true gems. apparently this collection goes back a few years, so you will find one for every year going back to god knows when.try to get your hand on a copy if you enjoy food writing and love essays on food as much as food itself. edited to add: i am hosting this month's edition of "of chalks and chopsticks" started by aqua. the picture: the picture that you see in this post is what will be your cue for this month's entry. for details about this whole concept check here and here are some more rules, shamelessly copied from sra's blog: . spin us a yarn - an original one. it could either be based on a real incident or could be something competely imaginary. explore any genre: humour, romance, mystery, paranormal etc. . the story you write has to have some food - it doesn't have to be a recipe. . there is no word limit on the story you write, but it has to be written in one single post. . posts written for this event can be shared with other events. . please link to this post and aqua's original post mentioned above. post your story and the recipe between now and june and mail it to me at: sandeepa dot blog at gmail dot com include the following details in your mail: . name and url of your blog . title and url of your post
__label__non_math	1.0000	john linnell british, an unfinished portrait of a lady, seated, wearing purple dress, her hair curled and upswept. gilt-metal frame with engraved foliate borders, the reverse inscribed j. linnell portrait of a lady from the linnell colln. rectangular, 146mm 4in high auction terms and conditions
__label__non_math	1.0000	an australian cedar breakfast table the circular top with gadrooned border, supported on a bulbous turned column over a triform base, raised on three over-scroll feet, lacking castors, 121cm wide, 73cm high ." wide, ." high . au ,500 - ,500 960 - ,600 us ,500 - ,400 australian colonial furniture and australiana auction terms and conditions
__label__non_math	0.9998	your search did not match any products. we're sorry, we couldn't find any items that matched your search term. - check for typos or misspellings - use broad search terms. for example search "coats" rather than "fleece lined winter coat" - remember you'll be able to narrow your search by brand, color, size and price later please note that some products may no longer be available or may only be available during a particular time period. looking for a registry? try your search again at celebrations gift registry.
__label__non_math	0.9999	lillian russell's died "where did you hear that?" "ruby may told me last night. lillian was so beautiful, so elegant. all the men loved her." jill lifted her arms in a circling motion. "i'm going to be just like her." "you'll have to grow some," julie said dryly. "she had quite a bosom. they were out to here." julie held her cupped, wet hands out six inches from her slender body. "and a tiny waist." "helped by a tight corset." "she was beautiful--" "and old enough to be your grandma. dry the dishes while you're grieving for her." jill took a plate from the hot rinse water, dried it and set it on the table. "the men who gave her diamonds must have liked a woman with a big bust. diamonds show up best lying on soft white flesh." "soft white flesh? glory be "jack said they were like half an orange stuck up there." julie looked at her sister and frowned. "why would jack be making a remark about his sister's breasts?" "i asked him." "justine jill jones jill rolled her eyes on hearing her full name. "i hate it when you call me that." "it's the name mama gave you." "i'll never know why she added justine to it." "she didn't. she added jill." "kids at school laugh about our names. they say if mama'd had more kids, she'd probably have named them jericho and jerusalem." "and what did you say to that?" "nothing. kathy jacobs said she should've named two of us jenny and jackass." jill giggled. julie's shoulders shook with silent laughter. it didn't bother her that all their names started with a j. she rather liked it. "i never asked jack about my bosom," jill said after she placed a stack of clean plates on the shelf. "i asked him if the boys at school thought i was pretty." "and what did he say?" "he said... oh, he was so mean julie laughed in spite of the serious look on her sister's face. "never ask your brothers if you're pretty. if you were a raving beauty they'd not admit it." "that's when he said my breasts were the size of a half an orange." "it's a pact made between brothers to tell their sisters that they are ugly as a mud fence even if they are as pretty as mary pickford." "i hate brothers "mable normand is pretty." "she's in molly o at the palace. i want to see it, but papa said picture shows cost almost as much as a pair of stockings and i needed stockings more." jill sighed heavily. "julie, julie, guess what?" ten-year-old jason came into the kitchen, letting the screen door slam behind him. he always shouted when he was excited--and at times when he wasn't. since their mother's death four years before, julie had become the person her brothers and sisters came to with news, hurts and needs. jason stumbled onto the back porch, yanked open the screen door and bounded into the kitchen, shutting the door just in time to keep the shaggy brown dog, his constant companion, from following him. besides being small for his age, jason had been born with a deformed foot that made it necessary for him to wear a special shoe. u.s. ebook sales up in , but rate of growth is slowing in , trade book sales i.e. non academic book sales rose . , to .049 billion, and e-book sales continued to grow, although the rate of growth...
__label__non_math	1.0000	founded in , bookfinder.com has become a leading book price comparison site: find and compare hundreds of millions of new books, used books, rare books and out of print books from over 100,000 booksellers and websites worldwide. discover natural health isbn -- publisher kims pub find signed collectible books: 'discover natural health'
__label__non_math	0.9996	founded in , bookfinder.com has become a leading book price comparison site: find and compare hundreds of millions of new books, used books, rare books and out of print books from over 100,000 booksellers and websites worldwide. emperor of the air: stories by ethan canin isbn -395- publisher houghton mifflin list price . find signed collectible books: 'emperor of the air: stories'
__label__non_math	0.7328	founded in , bookfinder.com has become a leading book price comparison site: the craft of argument isbn 032101264x -321-x list price . find signed collectible books: 'the craft of argument' written by the authors of such successful composition titles as style: ten lessons in clarity and grace awl and the craft of research chicago up , the craft of argument is an argument rhetoric worth looking at
__label__non_math	0.9996	founded in , bookfinder.com has become a leading book price comparison site: the politically incorrect guide to women, sex and feminism isbn -003- publisher regnery pub list price . find signed collectible books: 'the politically incorrect guide to women, sex and feminism' the latest in the "new york times" bestselling series is the perfect antidote to the lies told in boardrooms, locker rooms, and universities that are brainwashing young women every day. via
__label__non_math	1.0000	specials and promotions subscribe to newsletter by hot wheels be a part of the action and excitement of hot wheels with this fantasic new range of publishing featuring all the favourite cars from the hot wheels ranges. exciting posters of your favourite hot wheels cars with fun facts and figures. this product is currently out of stock our fixed price shipping means you can add extra items to your order without increasing the shipping charges. the shipping charge will be the same regardless of how many items are included in a single order. celebrity home cooked how big is a million disney princess giant poster art set dr seuss wall charts roary the racing car colouring fun activity pad one pot cooking angus, thongs and perfect snogging poster book disney fairies calendar 500 minute recipes off to school singalong nursery rhymes
__label__non_math	1.0000	to personalise this site and manage your bookings my viewed hotels recently booked in ascoli piceno places of interest antico casolare country house sp per colle san marco snc, ascoli piceno show map customers who viewed antico casolare country house also viewed: get started now by entering your email address. we'll instantly send you a link to our deal finder
__label__non_math	0.9999	to personalize this site and manage your bookings my viewed hotels recently booked in charlotte places of interest stadiums or arenas econo lodge charlotte airport queen city drive, charlotte, nc show map customers who viewed econo lodge charlotte airport also viewed: you can get these deals for free by subscribing to our newsletters. you can even choose your favorite destinations to receive personalized deals. get started now by entering your email address. we'll instantly send you a link to our deal finder
__label__non_math	1.0000	subscriptions and renewals current booklist subscribers: set up your free, immediate password access to booklist online. you will need your magazine label. renew your booklist subscription, which includes booklist and book links print issues, plus password access to booklist online renew your unlimited-use, multi-user subscription to booklist online for another year of access those wishing to subscribe: start a booklist subscription today and get booklist and book links prints issues, plus password access to booklist online. one login per subscription; recommended for individuals. start an unlimited-use, multi-user subscription booklist online for your school, library, or business. does not include print issues.
__label__non_math	0.8840	fun classroom activities the enjoyable, interactive classroom activities that are included will help your students understand the text in amusing ways. fun classroom activities include group projects, games, critical thinking activities, brainstorming sessions, writing poems, drawing or sketching, and more that will allow your students to interact with each other, be creative, and ultimately grasp key concepts from the text by "doing" rather than simply studying. . a year from now where will bone be and how will she be feeling a year from now? write a one page description of bone's life a year after the end of the book from bone's perspective. . the monster within when bone's anger is described, it seems to grow and even take form. take one of the descriptions for bone's anger and rage and draw it. . bone's poetry write a poem as if you are bone. the poem can be... this section contains 555 words approx. pages at 300 words per page
__label__math	1.0000	mid-book test up to part , chapters - this test consists of multiple choice and short answer questions. multiple choice questions directions: circle the correct answer. . what is the signal from mr. sing to come in to shore? a two flashes of light. b a red lantern. c a bird call. d three shots of a flare gun. . what does mr. sing do when morgan grabs him? a kicks him. b bites him. c shoots him. d stabs him. . what is morgan's first name? . what are the lawyer's clients financing? a a revolution. b refugee trafficking. c a contraband system. d a drug empire. . what does morgan's wife say about morgan's wound? a she hopes it doesn't hurt. b she hates everything about it. this section contains 422 words approx. pages at 300 words per page
__label__non_math	1.0000	-star satisfaction guarantee we strive to deliver the best value to our customers and ensure complete satisfaction for all our textbook rentals. - you can return your books for any reason within days no questions asked. - every order is available for express shipping, and return shipping is always free. - you'll be happy with the quality of your books or we'll ship you another one on our dime . - you can extend your rental at any time at the same cheap daily rental rate. - if you decide to keep the book it will never cost more than the purchase price. as always, you have access to over million titles. plus, you can choose from rental periods, so you only pay for what you ll use. and if you ever run into trouble, our top-notch u.s. based customer service team is ready to help by email, chat or phone. learn more about our -star guarantee
__label__non_math	0.9964	description: over the last thirty years, scholars have begun to explore the implications of an ancient jewish and christian tradition that referred to the minor prophets as the twelve, the twelve prophets, or the book of the twelve. scholarly work on the book of the twelve in the last quarter century has focused on two issues in particular: developing models regarding how the book of the twelve came to be recorded on a single scroll, and isolating unifying elements that transcend the individual writings and take on new significance when the book of the twelve becomes a single collection rather than twelve distinct writings. dr. nogalski s comprehensive and accessible commentary offers an overview of the ancient traditions concerning the book of the twelve that lay the foundation for understanding these recent developments. subjects: bible, hebrew bible old testament, prophetic literature, book of the twelve, literature, micah, nahum, habakkuk, zephaniah, haggai, zechariah, malachi review by lena-sofia tiemeyer read the review citation: lena-sofia tiemeyer, review of james d. nogalski, the book of the twelve, review of biblical literature . adobe acrobat reader all rbl reviews are published in pdf format. to view these reviews, you must have downloaded and installed the free version of adobe acrobat reader. if you do not have the reader or you have an older version of the reader, you can download the most recent version now.
__label__non_math	0.9997	this second book in garth nix's keys to the kingdom series begins almost immediately where the second book leaves off. it is tuesday, the day following arthur penhaligon's first big adventure, and while the will promised arthur at least six years before he'd have to return to take on his responsibilities as heir, suddenly everything is going wrong. grim tuesday is contesting arthur's ownership of the key which he nearly lost his life gaining in the first book . apparently mister monday owed grim tuesday hundreds of thousands of the equivalent of dollars, and in lieu of the debt which arthur and the lower house can't begin to repay , grim tuesday demands that arthur hand over his key. arthur does not want to go back to the house, but it soon becomes apparent that if he doesn't act quickly, his family will lose their house and income. grim tuesday works quickly - arthur's house is going to be foreclosed on, and suddenly all the stock his parents own loses its value. his entire neighborhood is going to be sold and subdivided for a new shopping center. clearly arthur must become involved, even though at this point all he really wants is some semblance of a normal life. soon he is back in the world of the house, but nothing is going right. because of the debts, arthur's phone to the lower house has been disconnected, and before he knows it, he's on his own in grim tuesday's very dark world, impressed on a work team that's headed down to the pit where grim tuesday mines nothing to make things to sell at great profit. but the nothing is leaking out of a huge fissure, and as blobs come together, they form the dread nithlings. arthur must find a way to grim tuesday's chambers and locate his section of the will, or not only will his family lose all their financial means, but he'll end up slaving in a work crew for as long as his weak, asthmatic lungs manage to hold out. this was an exciting book to listen to - corduner does a great job telling the story, incorporating the different characters' voices and ratcheting up the tension with the tone of his voice. arthur has come a long way from his first adventure, and he's learning to shoulder his new responsibilities, as much as he wishes he didn't have to. i enjoyed revisiting some of the characters from the previous book, as well as meeting some new ones and learning a little more about the mysterious architect, who built the house and the secondary realms of which the earth is but one , and who left it all in the hands of such underhanded trustees as mister monday, grim tuesday, and the other morrow days. i'm very interested to see where arthur's adventures take him in the subsequent book, drowned wednesday, in this very original fantasy series. books in the keys to the kingdom series: . mister monday . grim tuesday . drowned wednesday . sir thursday . lady friday . superior saturday forthcoming july - u.s. . lord sunday forthcoming date tbd grim tuesday in the keys to the kingdom series by garth nix; narrated by allan corduner random house audio, also reviewed at: reading adventures with drowned wednesday
__label__non_math	1.0000	name: bronwyn currents age: :p favorite color: red bands: big time rush, beatles, nickleback singers: taylor swift, ross lynch, hunter hayes. i love country music. i'm a tomboy. james maslow will be my future husband. nobody is perfect. james maslow is perfect. therefore, james is a nobody. nobody loves me. therefore james loves me. your argument is invalid i'm hyper when i'm tired, quiet or updating when i'm mad, crying when i'm sad, and doing my best to survive in this crazy world. i love singing and drawing. i love kids and big time rush. i love my girlfriend, katie marie coffey. i plan to marry her one day. so yea, i'm bisexual, but i don't care. it's who i am. i'm choosing what i want over what society wants. i'd rather be happy than be what society wants me to be. so if you want to complain about it, or cyber bully me, how about no? how about you take it to your gosh darn grave, shove it up your butthole or just freakin' stay out of my bizz. thanks. : rusher, swifty and hayniac hunter hayes fan i love panda bears, they are my favorite animal
__label__non_math	1.0000	the ncaa came out with the team picks and first round pairings yesterday here s the bracket . amidst controversy, the ncaa named the louisville cardinals as the no. seed. if your city has the best bookstore of the year, why shouldn t it have the number one seed also? who says basketball and reading aren t related? just ask my daughter, she reads through every basketball game we attend or watch on tv. or better yet, ask the morning news, an online magazine that hosts the tournament of books each year. what is the tournament of books? tmn describes it as the one and only march madness battle royale of literary excellence, sixteen books enter, but only one book can win the rooster. tmn chooses sixteen top-touted books from the previous year and pits them head to head in a bracket system eerily like the ncaa basketball tourney download your own bracketto follow along . for each match, a different judge evaluates both books and declares the winner. kevin guilfoile and john warner provide game commentary and readers chime in also. the ultimate winner receives a live rooster in honor of david sedaris brother, the rooster. the regionals started last week and what an upset week it was there are two more days in the regional and then the next round begins. this weekend, when someone asks you about louisville s game or the center from uconn or the coach from ucla always in comparison to john wooden , nod and make listening hmms and then ask, what do you think about how the david foster wallace regional turned out?
__label__non_math	0.9952	loading... please wait... free delivery on everything. over half a million existing customers. price range: products to of by prof. jose ignacio ley elias we accept these payment methods bookworld is a division of pearson australia group pty ltd.
__label__non_math	1.0000	click inside to see what you should be watching on the internet and on tv. trace adkins and kristin chenoweth host and perform at the third annual celebration of the best in country music. live from las vegas, lady antebellum, luke bryan, and rascal flatts are among the slated performers at tonight's american country awards. fox, p.m. est. crews searched for jenni rivera's remains monday amid the wreakage of a plane that crashed in a remote, mountainous area in northern mexico on sunday. known for her performances of soulful ballads, jenni rivera had millions of fans on both sides of the u.s.-mexico border and many are mourning her death. six others were also killed and investigators work to determine what caused the crash. hot video: santa speedo run gatehouse news service
__label__non_math	0.9341	yotbol wrote:- contest overall deaths vs my defenses: not knowing about the last update overall deaths by the time the contest begun: most deaths: westsiderolla deaths 2nd place: krull deaths unfortunately, none guessed the westsiderolla. i had people telling me names like ramirez7 or syfox, but they knew they had no chance vs the elite swat so they almost never attempted to go through fighting guards police to rob me. you should have picked those that risk with fighting, not just the weak ones. and i wanted to give away millions as a reward to a winner, if they guessed it correctly. anything that increases the player interaction is a good thing for this game, since not everything is around robberies. also, none of the fear members participated. which is a shame really, they had access to all that information easily, they just had to ask each other who died most times. ps: krull added more death a few days ago, when the contest was running. but i am not counting this one to the contest results. pps: money, i don't see you at the top . what has happened? or did a horrible player just proved himself better than you? ppps: lol million every day as taxes for the gorgam crates. you're so gullible, yawn ez
__label__non_math	1.0000	topshelf network to stream kingsofhiphop exhibition live from publicis modem for immediate release new york, ny - unable to make the kingsofhiphop exhibition this thursday, ? worry not, the dynamic ladies of the topshelf network will be streaming the show live from publicis modem. tune-in as demetra and eleni brings the action to your living room, including live chats and interviews with a list of special guests. brought to you by bomb lager, this exhibition will mark borbay's second solo show in manhattan, and will feature seven "x30" paintings portraying the likenesses of jay-z, kanye west, diddy, lil wayne, dr. dre, eminem and snoop dogg.
__label__non_math	0.9998	many of us expect to magically have a customer base once we have an e-commerce store. we don t realize that we need to market ourselves to actually bring in the customers. here are a few tips that will help your sales and boost your customer base make sure the customers are aware of new products and can distinguish them. new customers love receiving something for free. if you can, include something for free with purchase. buy one get one free let customers know the urgency of buying now. use words like for a limited time only stress the limited amount of product. use words like while supplies last if your prices are lower than other stores, make sure your customers are aware of that. have a comparison of price chart somewhere on your site, or have a section dedicated to testimonials from people saying how good your pricing is. when you re doing this however, be sure not to mention specific names of other companies. good sportsmanship is part of the game, and pointing fingers only makes you look bad. coupons are a great way not only to gain new customers, but to also keep customers. by offering off to new and or returning customers they are more inclined to shop with you because they get a discount. these tips are sure to boost your sales as well as your customer base
__label__non_math	0.9997	calls have been made to tackle the growing number of pot holes around the oswestry area including the a483. fears over damage to residents cars and a negative impact on the feel of the place as a result of poor road surfaces have been raised by councillors keen to see work begin to repair the worst affected spots. councillor arthur walpole, who represents llanymynech, said he regularly received complaints about potholes from residents and highlighted a particular problem along the a483 through pant and llanymynech which was a concern to many . he said: i think there is a general understanding the harsh weather has significantly worsened the problem. the ability to effect permanent repairs will be greatly helped by the warmer spring weather which are not possible in the very cold weather. but this is not an excuse. cllr walpole has been in close contact with the highways agency ha and said a plan to resurface part of the a483 was great news . a spokesman for ha said: "safety is our top priority and we strive to ensure our road network is among the safest in the world. "the ha recently announced it would be resurfacing the carriageway between llanymynech and upper sweeney from march , subject to weather conditions. "although the issues on the high street are outside this area our managing agents are carrying out regular patrols and will complete safety critical repairs where necessary. in oswestry, powis place, english walls and willow street are all suffering as a result of heavy rain, according to castle councillor saffron rainey. cllr rainey said: it s right to highlight those roads which aren t as good as they could be because having good roads is important to the feel of the place. there s been a lot of water running down off mount road and elsewhere which has caused damage in the area. i will keep an eye out and hopefully the council will get round to repairing these roads as soon as the nice weather comes. cllr simon jones, cabinet member for transport and highways, added: recent bad weather and freezing temperatures have made roads prone to potholes and we are working hard to treat these as quickly as we can. at present we have three crews working six days a week in the oswestry area and work on powis place and english walls should be completed by last weekend . a sainsbury s spokesperson said the oswestry supermarket was also working to improve its car park. we are aware of the potholes and work has started to repair these. we would like to apologise to our customers for any inconvenience and reassure them we are working hard to get these fixed.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the length of the tower: 4cm or ." the length of the chain:cm or ." pls specify which color do you want or we will ship it randomly. this gold silver tone necklace features a small-sized pendant made in the -dimensional shaping of the eiffel tower. it has lovely depth and detail.
__label__non_math	0.9997	hill scores as pacers beat bobcats - indianapolis ap george hill scored points, d.j. augustin added a season-high and the indiana pacers beat the charlotte bobcats -saturday night for their fourth straight win. lance stephenson had points and david west scored points to help the central division-leading pacers, playing without leading scorer paul george illness , get their sixth win in seven games. recently signed dominic mcguire started in place of george. ben gordon scored a game-high points to lead the bobcats, and kemba walker had on -for-shooting. the pacers, the nba s second-lowest scoring offense coming in, seemed destined to struggle more than usual without george. they missed their first shots, including several from point blank, as the bobcats jumped out to a -lead with gerald henderson knocking down a pair of midrange jumpers. gordon also got off to a good start, scoring nine points on -for-shooting and two free throws in the first quarter. charlotte shot percent from the field in the opening period. stephenson also had nine points in the first quarter for indiana, shooting for , to pull the pacers to -after minutes. the pacers shot percent from the field in the first half, but had six -pointers while trailing -at halftime. gerald green hit two 3s, including one in transition, orlando johnson knocked one down from the right wing, and augustin shooting .percent from behind the arc coming in made two. six of the pacers seven second-quarter field goals came from -point range. hakim warrik s -footer with .seconds left gave charlotte the two-point edge at the break. bismack biyomobo and warrick led the way for the broncos early in the third as they pushed the lead to -. indiana, however, answered with a -run to go up -, and the pacers didn t trail again. michael kidd-gilchrist knocked down a short jumper to pull the bobcats within three points when the pacers went on a -run that included a one-handed power dunk from stephenson and a in the corner from hill. stephenson put the crowd on their feet for a final ovation with a fast-break dunk in the final seconds. the pacers have relied on the league s best defense as the offense finds its way. the bobcats became the sixth opponent in seven games indiana held to fewer than points.
__label__non_math	0.9978	camden, maine -- if, as andy warhol predicted a generation ago, everyone will be famous for minutes, the competitors in next weekend's annual national toboggan championships will earn their accolades nine seconds at a time. but tobogganers are familiar with the fleeting nature of fame, and with the unusual course over which they will try to make their mark -- the tiny camden snow bowl, a vest-pocket alpine ski area on maine's mid-coast, a region better known for ocean views than for snowy slopes. there are no high-speed quads, no high-tech equipment, no fancy base lodge. the snow bowl is a living-history experience, a throwback to a time when community ski areas dotted the new england landscape. back then, no hill was considered too small for a tow, no slope too gentle to schuss. about a dozen nautically named slopes and trails, such as spinnaker, windjammer, and clipper, ebb and flow down the snow bowl's 850-foot vertical drop on the side of ragged mountain. breaks in the trees offer glimpses of skaters on hosmer pond, at the mountain's base, and beyond to island-specked penobscot bay. occasionally, a brine-scented breeze flits across the slopes. sometimes, fog swirls in and around the ancient t-bar, pokey double chair, and tiny a-frame lodge, where a job posting for harbor master might share the bulletin board with hand-scrawled ads for used skis. the toboggan chute dates from , when the camden outing club established the ski area. the chute has been rebuilt twice, most recently in the late 1980s, an undertaking led by jack williams, an avid skier and camden native. "there are still some remains of the old track, but i got the plans and rebuilt it using much of the original, but this time with pressure-treated wood," williams said at last year's event. "it cost about ,000 and took volunteers working over weeks." volunteers are crucial to the survival of the town-owned ski area, which has "an uneasy truce" with local taxpayers. in theory, it's self-supporting; in reality, sometimes it is, sometimes it isn't. fund-raising is a perennial concern, and in the early 1990s, then-area manager ken bailey suggested a toboggan race as a way to ease the local tax burden. williams wasn't sold on the idea. "i said, that's crazy, it's only a nine-second track, " he recalled. much to his surprise, the event caught on. in , more than 400 teams participated , raising about 463,000. although teams have come from as far away as australia to compete for ultimate water-cooler bragging rights, most participants are local and come for the camaraderie, fun, and perhaps name recognition that comes with a big event in a small town. as many as ,000 spectators -- a few in costume, many with kids or dogs in tow -- line the course, ringing cowbells, waving flags, and cheering as the public address announcer calls the action. some toboggan teams boast attention-grabbing names like the throbbin' boggins, big kahoonas, frozen assets, and green eyes and ham. a few take the championships very seriously, devising strategies to give them the edge in races that often come down to thousandths of a second. some go so far as to design special sleds, concoct secret waxes, and practice unusual aerodynamic techniques. "sled design, finish, and weight are all important," said rich beauchesne, of camden's hogs heifers team. so important that beauchesne spent a year in switzerland researching them. the key factor is weight. team training officially begins on thanksgiving and ends after the final run, which allows the hogs heifers to pig out at the saturday night chili and chowder challenge. the training has paid off over the years: "the only awards we haven't won are team spirit and costume," beauchesne said. "it's all conditions," said art dinsmore, of the ash pounders. "we've tried tons of waxes over the years. we have our own special blend." the team also has a couple of innovative sleds built with fewer slats, which, in theory, should reduce friction and result in faster times. "we have six sleds," he said. "we use the older ones for qualifications, the good ones for finals." big kahoonas founding member ed greenrose believes one key to success is "getting in sync at the start." one year, the team even practiced starts in his west rockport living room. "if everyone was in sync, we could slide across the carpet five feet," he said. that really paid off in , when the local team swept all events, including the world championship . while veteran teams strive to shave off a thousandth of a second, new competitors are more concerned with simply descending the chute in one piece. last year, mike hannaford of andover admitted he was nervous as he waited for the starter to drop the sled into the chute. screams rooted equally in fear and excitement punctuate many a first-timer's run. "great mother of god and that was in a slow-snow year. camden's coastal weather is often a crapshoot. last year's above-freezing temperatures meant more slush than ice in the chute, and its run off onto hosmer pond, although deemed safe by race officials, was so soggy that the all-male east german women's team wore life jackets. this year, the snow bowl is open, hosmer pond is frozen, and the toboggan chute will be ready for those in search of a few seconds of fame.
__label__non_math	1.0000	stay with the story. get full access to bostonglobe.com for just unlimited access to bostonglobe.com for only for the first weeks. you can cancel at any time. - the full story all day: enjoy all of the high-quality, in-depth journalism in the print edition of the boston globe plus breaking news that's updated . - a truly reader-friendly format: it's online news that looks and reads just like the newspaper uncluttered, uninterrupted. - breakthrough technology: the responsive design automatically adapts content so it always reads perfectly on the digital device of your choice. bostonglobe.comsubscriber log in contact us for help
__label__non_math	0.9999	since hitting the market a quarter-century ago, cholesterol-lowering statin drugs have become one of the most popularly prescribed medications. giant trials have shown that the medications not only effectively lower bad ldl cholesterol in those with elevated levels but more importantly, lower the risk of having a heart attack or dying from heart disease or a stroke. where researchers once worried that statins might increase the risk of cancer, they ve now found that statin users have a percent lower risk of dying from cancer as well as other causes. in a study published wednesday in the new england journal of medicine, danish researchers examined medical records of all cancer patients in their country diagnosed between and and found that those who took statins had a smaller likelihood of dying over a .year period than those who didn t. but as potent as statins are to lower high cholesterol and reduce inflammation associated with heart disease and cancer, they don t work for everyone. about to percent of patients with high cholesterol can t get their ldl levels down to a healthful level with statins, according to dr. robert giugliano, a cardiologist at brigham and women s hospital. some patients can t tolerate them because they have liver side effects or severe muscle aches, while others find that their cholesterol levels drop on the maximum dose of the most potent statin but not enough to get them to the recommended level needed to lower their heart risk. giugliano and others have been conducting preliminary trials with a new class of experimental drugs that could be taken along with statins or on their own to lower cholesterol levels. several of the early results indicate that the medications -- injections given weekly, biweekly, or monthly -- have no as of yet significant side effects and work well to lower ldl levels. amgen, pfizer, and sanofi regeneron have all developed compounds -- in a class of drugs called monoclonal antibodies -- that bind to a protein called pcsk9 circulating in the blood, which normally attaches to ldl receptors on liver cells and prevents these receptors from removing ldl cholesterol from the blood. without pcsk9, liver cells soak up ldl cholesterol and effectively remove excess amounts from circulating in the bloodstream. in a manufacturer-sponsored trial published online this week in the journal lancet, giugliano and his colleagues administered various doses of amgen s monoclonal antibody injections or placebo injections to 631 patients with high cholesterol levels who were already taking statins. those who had the injections every two weeks for nearly three months experienced a to percent reduction in ldl cholesterol levels, compared to the placebo, with a greatest effect occuring with the highest dose; those who had the injections monthly had a to percent drop in their ldl levels compared to the placebo. other researchers found similar results when using the amgen injections in those who weren t taking any statins. sanofi regeneron and pfizer have also had similar success with their pcsk9-targeting injections in early clinical trials that were presented at the american heart association s annual meeting this week in los angeles. what s needed now, giugliano said, are much larger studies involving thousands of patients who are given these injections for at least five years to study their long term safety and efficacy. sanofi and regeneron pharmaceuticals announced this week that they re beginning a phase trial involving ,000 heart disease patients, which is necessary to receive approval from the us food and drug administration. amgen will start its own phase trial next year. the manufacturers haven t yet determined the cost of each injection, which even if administered on a monthly basis, will no doubt be pricier than daily statin pills--most of which are now available as generics. these new monoclonal antibodies present a huge opportunity for many new patients to reach their cholesterol goals, giugliano added, but first we have to see if there are any real safety problems.
__label__non_math	0.9995	kimberly hamill is a details girl, someone who values the little moments that make a wedding truly spectacular. so when she and dean matus set out to design their own nuptials in westerly, rhode island, it was those very details that would take center stage. ring bearers carried the mazel tov banners behind the couple during the recession, then placed them on the candy table for the reception. flowers included peonies and both garden and cabbage roses. the wedding was held at shelter harbor golf club. farm tables at the reception were adorned with centerpieces kept low and full. the newlyweds wanted the candy and dessert bars to take center stage, so they opted for simplicity when it came to their wedding cake. inspired by an online design, the bride chose a simple rose pattern. the cake s look also happened to mimic her gown in a subtle but spectacular way. from programs filled with advice from grandparents, nieces, and nephews ... ... to the antique windows that were used to hold table assignment cards, everything was thoughtfully executed. the sweet, almost feminine styling, paired with the tactile, organic touches was every wedding lover s dream come true.
__label__non_math	0.9997	boston weddings launch party on wednesday, august , boston weddings celebrated the launch of its fall winter issue in the dome room at the lenox hotel in boston's back bay. 150 wedding industry guests joined for a night of celebrating not only the launch of the magazine, but also the field in which they all work. party-goers noshed on hors d'oeuvres like shrimp dumplings, lobster fritters, and sushi, plus appetizers that included tuna sashimi, scallops, raw oysters, shrimp cocktail, and a beautiful spread of fruits and cheeses, all provided courtesy of the lenox hotel. although guests were there to celebrate the issue, the main spectacle of the night was the living statue stationed in the very middle of the dome room. groove events provided the tunes for the evening while guests sipped champagne and swooned over the beautiful flowers, courtesy of faxon green. photographs by person killian
__label__non_math	0.9931	through games . . . through games . . . we needed to show something. why? someone made that up, but they were pretty adamant about it. it was noted very early on that we needed a hot start. but how could we? chris, we were told, didn t want to play here. we weren t good enough, we weren t smart enough, and gosh darn it, no one liked us. well, go talk all the jive to katrina, rita, gustav, betsy, bp, tony heyward, dennis hastert, the bankers in , the british in , nick saban, and everyone that said the bless you boys weren t good enough for a black and gold super bowl. this is our team. these are our boys. just live everyone that s here today came here, or some ancestor did, for whatever reason, and fell in love . . . these guys are a part of our city, and that part is growing. we don t take kindly to people running our city or our boys into the ground. you may beat us, once or once-and-for-all, but you won t forget new orleans or the pop we ll give you in the mouth. we ve been doing our thing for 300 years. we don t need to show you . . . anything. but, we are hospitable, so here: take a gander. we ll feed you while you re at it, too. have a hubig s . . . through games . . . we won games. games were against the west. we swept the east, including the most hyped team in history: chris bosh, kim, and paris, the now -miami heat, leaving us at -in the west. at home, we were -, -against the west, losing only to the nba-best spurs. therefore, we fared less well on the road, posting a -record on the road, -against the west, highlighted by a win against those same spurs. we split or won the series-so-far against our division opponents and haven t lost games to a single opponent yet. we haven t lost in a row. through games . . . we showed up on the scouting reports. through games . . . we ve seen no major injuries. last year at this time, we lost chris paul once already. through games . . . we have gotten rid of every player whose contract-to-value was clearly disproportionately large. there are people who may argue that our two 30m. one could argue that banks deal is bad since they told him to stay home, but he ll be dealt and we ll not feel that salary. through games . . . we are continuing to make roster moves. through games . . . we have seen some players emerge from obscurity to join the ranks of the relatively obscure . . . kidding. we have a few players on our team that have gotten some attention where they haven t had any before, or at least in a while. jason smith is drawing defense. willie green is thriving, not surviving, as a key bench player. marco belinelli is proving that he can be the player everyone thought he could be. trevor ariza is proving he can play away from the lakers, and his against the heat was the biggest shot of the season so far. these guys have each lifted our hearts, and our spirits, and our glasses when no one thought they could. i hope they know that, too. they worked hard their whole lives to have those moments whether it be for the first time or the last time. through games . . . we ve seen our two most important rookies shine. through games . . . muckrakers be damned, we are currently averaging ,241 people per game this link may show a different number if we are past november . in , we averaged ,181. the hornets are taking hold in this city. through games . . . we have hope, we are starting to have faith, and we are beginning to believe that we can be champions in time. through games . . . we had a damned fine time. laissez les bon temps rouler this post was submitted by 420ftjesus.
__label__non_math	0.9871	hercules w excalibur non-stick onstructed of aluminum, the strongest currently available in the industry, their advanced design incorporates the best attributes of all leading commercial fry pans. providing unsurpassed durability, anadded feature is the attachable red silicone rubber sleeve for safe handling up to 400? f for one hour. choose from threeattractive styles, each in five popular sizes the hercules with a highly polished interior for superior product release; the excalibur with superior excaliburtm coating; and the herculan, which is anodized. covers for frypans on page . the excaliburtmcoating is property of the whitford corporation. don't see it here then email us for it at firstname.lastname
__label__non_math	0.9953	by lem satterfield luis decubas jr., the manager of junior middleweight contender erislandy lara, shared his thoughts with boxingscene.com concerning the recent suspensions of the three judges by the new jersey state athletic control board as a result of their roles in the scoring of saturday night's controversial majority decision loss by lara to fellow southpaw paul williams at the boardwalk hall in atlantic city. the -year-old williams -, knockouts was awarded an unpopular decision over the -year-old lara --, kos , thanks to the cards of hilton whitaker and don givens, who had it 115-114, and, 116-114, respectively, for williams, with al bennett scoring it a 114-114 draw. boxingscene.com had it 117-111 for lara, as did keith idec of the north jersey record and hbo's unofficial scorer harold lederman. espn's dan rafael and usa today's bob velin each had it had 116-112 for lara, and hbo commentators, max kellerman and roy jones gave lara nine rounds and only three for williams, who faced a disadvantage in overall punches landed, 224-to-200, and, power shots, 178-to-161. in a letter from new jersey control board commissioner aaron davis that is dated , williams' promoter, dan goossen, and lara's promoter, golden boy promotions, were notified of the indefinite suspension of all three judges. indicating that bennett, whitaker and givens will be required to undergo additional training upon returning to boxing, davis also noted that his agency found no evidence of corruption, but acknowledged that his it "did not provide our best officiating on july . decubas contends that lara should be treated as if he won the fight and be granted an automatic rematch with williams that would be supported by hbo. the winner of a rematch, said decubas, could be in line to face southpaw wbc middleweight emeritus champion sergio martinez --, kos , who stopped williams in the second round in november. martinez-williams ii was a return bout of a december, majority decision victory by williams in a fight that featured each of the boxers being floored in the first round. if williams-lara ii doesn't happen, said decubas, lara could seek title bouts opposite junior middleweight belt-holders cornelius bundrage -, kos , saul alvarez --, kos or southpaw sergei dzinziruk -, kos , respectively, of the ibf, wbc and wbo. lara entered his clash with williams coming off of a march majority draw with tough, mexican-born carlos molina --, six kos , who improved his unbeaten streak to --with two stoppages following saturday night's upset unanimous decision victory over former champion kermit cintron --, kos . boxingscene.com: what is your reaction and how do you feel about the judges' suspensions by the new jersey state athletic control board? luis decubas jr.: my first reaction is that this is one step forward in the right direction. obviously, those three guys should never judge another fight in the history of boxing, period. not just in new jersey or anywhere else. i think that aaron davis is trying to clean up a little bit of the mess. it's still uncalled for having these three guys who have no experience judging a fight of this magnitude. look, erislandy lara's glad that this has happened, but it still doesn't give him the 'w.' it's never been done in the history of boxing for something like this, but it should be switched over to a no-contest. and you know what? let's do it again. let's go right back and do it again. but the reality is that i've gotten so many calls, and we've been on the radio in miami and everything about this fight since this has happened. and every fan is saying the same thing: 'don't give paul williams a rematch.' they say that he doesn't deserve it. that's what we hear a lot. but if it's me, i'm like, 'guys, you know what?' the fairest thing to do a rematch. but the williams camp wants no part of it. the reality is that paul williams doesn't want to get busted up again. but that's not a big deal for us. we'll move forward. everyone knows who won the fight. by suspending these three juges, i think that it states very clearly who won the fight. and, you know what, we'll move on to bigger and better things. paul williams is in the rear-view mirror. i mean, we basically disposed of him for about out of the rounds on saturday night. boxingscene.com: the controversy notwithstanding, do you feel as if there was a silver lining to the fact that so much attention has been paid to this fight that erislandy lara has in fact lifted himself to another level? ldj: oh, yes, 100 percent. it was the first big stage for a kid who only had fights coming in. for him to perform the way that he did in that type of atmosphere and for his first time fighting on hbo? to face and in fact beat a guy like paul williams who has been rated as one of the top fighters pound-for-pound by ring magazine for a very long time? that's incredible. i mean, you've got guys like canelo alvarez, who has got fights, and he wouldn't go feet near a ring with paul williams around or against any of the top guys like him. but this kid lara just said, 'you know what? so what?' for a guy with less than fights, lara proved that he's one of the top fighters in the world. boxingscene.com: do you feel vindicated by this decision? ldj: i don't feel vindicated. there's no need to be vindicated because the kid should have just gotten a decision that night. i think that they did him wrong. honestly, no decision other than flipping the score around and giving lara a unanimous decision would be complete vindication. since they came out with this, then maybe they ought to just tell the truth. maybe they just ought to say that the scorecards were messed up and give it to lara. the only vindication for lara would be to be treated like the winner by hbo. hbo, when they televise his next fight, should treat him like the winner. that's all that we ask. i think that's the only way to do it. i think that hbo and it's announcement team did a great job that night. max kellerman couldn't have been more straight to the point about what he thought of the fight. i think that lara should be treated like the winner. he beat a legitimate guy on a legitimate night. and he got robbed. this kid flew from cuba to brazil and he got taken back. so he got robbed of his freedom one time already. and then he had to come back another time just for these types of opportunities. and then he gets robbed by these three individuals? it's not right what they did to this kid. boxingscene.com: how is the fracture near his left eye from the hematoma that resulted from what was ruled an accidental clash of heads? ldj: the swelling has almost gone down completely. so it's getting better. trainer miguel diaz did an unbelievable job controlling the swelling over that eye. i can't put it into words what miguel did in that corner. the fracture still is there. i mean, it will be a few weeks. five weeks, six weeks. then he will just start doing a little conditioning work and start running around and doing some conditioning things. we hope to get into the ring at the end of the year and to put on another great performance for the fans. you know, this kid had a lot to prove and a lot on his back coming off of the draw against carlos molina. people weren't giving molina the credit that he deserves as a fighter, because he's a very good fighter himself. now, lara has taken the monkey off of his back. he put on a great performance, and now he's got to look forward to maybe winning a world title at the end of the year if williams doesn't want the rematch. i would have to go back to the kid, though, on that, because lara feels as if williams doesn't deserve a rematch at all. boxingscene.com: do you feel like carlos molina's performance against kermit cintron was a statement about the kinds of guys erislandy lara has been facing? ldj: yes, 100 percent. it just shows that molina is a legitimate guy too. and lara wasn't 100 percent for the molina fight, physically or mentally. but i still think that he beat molina six rounds to four. the way molina beat the sh t out of kermit cintron just shows you that this guy couldn't do that with lara. if lara is 100 percent against molina, he beats him easily. boxingscene.com: would you consider any of the other champions in the junior middleweight division? ldj: we've talked about sergei dzinziruk, who just lost to sergrio martinez, and who is a very good champion. but he's never lost at 154 pounds. we're looking at cornelius bundrage. we would love to fight canelo alvarez, but golden boy is not going to put that kid anywhere near lara. it's really a crying shame about that, because they're both with the same promoter. but their two of the top 154-pounders, so why not let them fight? golden boy's protecting him, but that's not a big deal. we're just going to keep going through these guys like a hot knife through butter. sooner or later, canelo alvarez is just going to have to face us or else leave the division real soon. if hbo doesn't want to treat us like the winner, then let's do the rematch with williams and the winner gets martinez. what bigger fight than that? we could fight in december. martinez is obligated to fight in december. i've spoken to martinez's adviser sampson lewkowicz several times. let's let the winner of a rematch between lara and williams fight martinez. if williams is good enough to beat lara, then he's good enough to get back to martinez. and if not, let lara fight martinez.tags: erislandy lara , paul williams , williams-lara , williams vs lara
__label__non_math	0.9999	-day money back return policy: products purchased directly from boxwave corporation are eligible within days of the delivery date. prior to returning the item s , an rma must be obtained from boxwave customer service. this rma number must be present on the outside of the returned package. returns sent in without an rma may be ineligible for a refund or exchange. to receive a full purchase price refund or exchange, the returned product must be determined by boxwave corporation to be in restockable condition. for a product to be considered restockable, it must be in its original packaging and all parts and accessories must be in clean, unused, and undamaged condition. the returned package must also include a valid rma number as issued by boxwave if the returned package does not meet the above requirements, a restocking fee of up to may be charged. this fee will be determined based on the condition of the returned item s . once the restocking fee has been applied, a refund or exchange may be granted for the balance of the purchase shipping and handling charges will only be refunded if a return is a result of a manufacturer defect or failure; b damage in transit; c mis-shipment; or d falsely advertised products as determined by boxwave corporation. the reason should be noted when the rma request is made, and must be indicated in the rma. the following are exceptions to the general return policy and have specific return policy rules: - cleartouch products cannot be returned if the plastic backing sheets have been removed or re-attached at any time - software purchases are not returnable or refundable - any "final sale" products noted as no exchanges or returns on this item are not returnable, refundable, or exchangeable. please note that all item returns are final. by returning an item or items back to us, you are agreeing to the return policy terms and conditions listed above. 100-day warranty: all products purchased directly from boxwave corporation are covered by a 100- day warranty against any manufacturer defects or failures. we will be glad to set up an exchange for a replacement item within 100 days of the invoice date. please submit the request via our email form
__label__non_math	0.9978	two women, three prisons - part : creativity we introduced you to magaly and mabel in part , here. now we'd like to tell you a bit more about their creativity and resourcefulness in nurturing alternatives to violence project workshops and participants. magaly and mabel have convinced the prison officials to allow them to hold the workshops in central, "neutral" areas that have less traffic and distractions, so that people from different sections can participate and can focus during the workshops. that's a vast improvement over the original, distracting, hallway locations. since there s no public transportation to the qalauma and chonchocoro facilities, magaly and mabel have made arrangements to ride along with the police when they go to the prison, to get there for workshops. in the challenging prison environment, about of workshop participants attend too sporadically to graduate. rather than the graduation certificate printed proof of accomplishments is highly valued in bolivian culture , magaly and mabel give them a letter of thanks, which helps to encourage their full participation in the next workshop. magaly s dream is to establish teams of facilitators in both qalauma and chonchocoro prisons, then reach out to others, especially the women s prison in la paz.
__label__non_math	0.9985	as well as running our own brac country programmes, we also provide direct technical assistance and operational support to development organisations in a number of countries. these are organisations that have visited our operations in bangladesh and other countries and been keen to replicate these successful approaches back home. we work with governments, ngos, commercial banks, microfinance institutions, and donors. we help organisations pilot and adapt our approaches as well as take the programmes to full scale over a number a years. our partnership approach is long-term and hands-on. our technical assistance programmes mainly focus on programmes for the ultra poor, small-scale entrepreneurs, and microfinance borrowers. our current collaborations are: we have a long term partnership with the calcutta based development organisation, bandhan and trickle-up. we are helping them implement an ultra poor programme and a small enterprise programme in west bengal. we are involved with the roll out, selecting the ultra poor women and the process for distributing assets etc. brac is providing managerial and technical support on microfinance to the aceh society development cooperative asd in aceh. currently we have four full time managers based there two area managers and an accountant and a programme manager. we are assisting with customising the approach, implementing the services and providing long term support. brac has been working in partnership with leading haitian ngos to replicate our ultra poor programme. a successful initial pilot started in has led to a joint fundraising initiative that aims to scale up the programme across the country. fonkoze, brac, partners in health zanmi lasante, cgap, chf partners in rural development and linked foundation have joined forces to commit million towards a two-year effort to implement a proven, replicable, cost-effective approach to improving health and reducing extreme poverty in central haiti. president clinton s appointment as united nations special envoy to haiti and the fifth annual clinton global initiative draw attention to the extreme and persistent poverty in haiti and the need for innovative solutions. fonkoze and zanmi lasante, two leading haitian ngos with decades of experience in the target area, together with brac, the largest ngo in the global south, and other organizations are using their complementary strengths to improve health, eliminate extreme poverty, and develop youth leaders in this hemisphere s poorest country. "the needs are so great," said fazle hasan abed founder and chairperson of brac. "we will work in partnership to address each facet of extreme poverty and to break its grip." targeting 575,000 people in haiti s central plateau, the major components of this commitment involve building: - safety nets with transitions to sustainable enterprise for the most vulnerable; - comprehensive health services; - food security and agricultural training and employment; - improved water access and sanitation; and - youth leadership development and training. bringing together our combined successes and expertise in a comprehensive economic, health, and leadership development approach is the precise, direct strategy needed at this crucial time, said anne hastings, director of fonkoze. we all seek to build a sustainable future for haiti and her people. brac is providing technical assistance to bank al usra in khartoum, sudan with funding from islamic development bank idb jeddah and central bank of sudan cbos . we are helping them implement a small enterprise microfinance programme. the bank has eleven branch offices six of which have been opened with the assistance of the brac ta team in four states. eight more branches are to be opened by the end of the agreement in march . brac s has recently started providing technical assistance to the yemen social fund for development. it is a two year programme that will replicate our ultra poor programme.
__label__non_math	0.9991	why did you apply to bradford? i applied to bradford as it is highly regarded for chem eng what was your first impression of the university and the city? it was quite a shock for a southerner who had never ventured north of watford in what did you enjoy the most about your time in bradford? i enjoyed the social life at bradford and six month industrial experience each year in different places who are you currently working for and what is your job title? i have my own management consultancy and am a director of the fair-traders co-operative an online store selling fair trade and ethical products how has your career developed since leaving the university of bradford? years with imperial chemical industries ici then years in various board positions in textiles-tootal, coats viyella, shiloh plc . i then set up a consultancy focusing on the healthcare and retail sectors. what is the best thing about what you are doing now? supporting a young team on an exciting and innovative start up. helping small ethical suppliers get a foothold in the uk market. what are your goals for the future? to help the fair-traders co-operative become a leading online retailer thereby expanding the market for fairly traded and ethical products what advice would you give to current students wishing to get into your career? start your own business if you have the energy and determination.
__label__non_math	0.9999	manatee -- monday morning's fog could give way to showers and thunderstorms on monday in bradenton, according to the national weather service. areas of dense fog are possible before p.m. otherwise, skies will be partly sunny, with a high near and southerly winds of to mph increasing to to mph in the afternoon. gusts could reach mph, according to the weather service. the chance of rain was percent. the chance of rain extends into the evening, when the expected low was around . there could be patchy fog and south-southeasterly winds of to mph, with gusts as high as mph. tuesday, the chance of rain grows to percent, according to the weather service.
__label__non_math	0.9333	liquid error: undefined method split' for nil:nilclass wikipedia has a nice article about the goodrich-ramus barn. i suspect that history of the barn here in pennsylvania is very similar. "the barn was built in from materials made by rilco rock island lumber company , a subsidiary of weyerhaeuser located in albert lea, minnesota. the company had a number of premanufactured barn patterns available from a catalog. this method of barn construction became popular in the late 1930s. the roof has a gothic arch shape formed from laminated timber rafters. the glued, laminated timber rafters had been developed in europe and introduced to the united states in . the united states department of agriculture issued a technical bulletin in on the use of these rafters, and rilco was founded in saint paul, minnesota that same year. rilco s marketing literature at the time promoted the rafters as being factory-fabricated and engineered , and the rafters were shipped predrilled and ready for assembly with all hardware included." transporting the rafters with our small truck presented it s own small challenge. the truck has been a work-horse around the farm. after constructing a rack to hold the rafters secure, we got as many rafters as we could back to the shop. over the past few years, brad has managed to find several uses for the rafters. a rafter bed, a few versions of a rafter bench, a rafter table, and even putting them back to use in a building that we affectionately call the toaster. the rafter bed, shown here at our studio open house. the spindles on this bed are tool handles. rafter bench version one this rafter bench used found metal parts for legs and recycled pitchforks in the back support. rafter dining table the rafter dining table used a recycled steel plate set into a frame from arched rafters. in the summer of , we used some of the rafters to create a movable storage shed. the toaster is built on large skids. we can move it into position with the tractor. we use is mostly for wood storage and sawdust storage. in late and brad began making this version of the rafter bench. we just made one more this year that can be seen here.
__label__non_math	0.9997	steve merfeld gives bradley the unique distinction of two staff members who boast ncaa tournament victories as a head coach. now in his third year as an assistant for the braves, merfeld boasts years of ncaa division i basketball coaching experience, including seasons as a head coach: at hampton from and at bradley's missouri valley conference rival evansville from . in his years as a college head coach, merfeld collected 144 victories, two regular-season conference championships, two conference tournament titles and two ncaa tournament appearances. that first postseason appearance in led to one of the signature moments in ncaa tournament history as the video of his players lifting him up in celebration following no. seed hampton's upset of no. seed iowa state in the tourney remains a popular march madness clip. merfeld led hampton to a winning record in four of his five years, finishing with a - .612 record that was capped by back-to-back sweeps of the mid-eastern athletic conference regular-season and tournament titles in and . after hampton became just the fourth no. seed to win a ncaa tournament game in , merfeld's pirates became the first-ever -seed winner to return to the ncaa tournament the following season. in his final season at hampton, merfeld led the pirates to a school-record wins, although one of the team's seven losses was an -, double-overtime setback to bradley at carver arena. merfeld was rewarded for his efforts in returning hampton to the big dance by being named the college hoops insider mid-major coach of the year. merfeld replaced longtime evansville head coach jim crews in and directed the purple aces to a -record in five seasons, including a -mark against bradley, and his evansville teams collected victories against postseason squads ncaa, nit . in addition to four all-missouri valley conference players, he coached two-time academic all-american clint cuffle , and a trio of ,000-point scorers on his squad. since joining the bradley coaching staff in , merfeld has helped the braves to a pair of -win seasons, including seven postseason victories that have helped bradley claim a pair of tournament runner-up finishes. a graduate of wisconsin-la crosse, merfeld was a -year assistant for current george mason head coach jim larranaga at bowling green prior to joining the hampton staff as an assistant in . during his time with the falcons, merfeld established himself as a highly-regarded recruiter and is credited with signing antonio daniels, the fourth pick in the nba draft. he also landed three mid-american conference rookies of the year in a five-year span, including daniels and anthony stacey, both of whom went on to be named the league's player of the year in and , respectively. when he joined the bradley staff in , merfeld became the first valley head coach to assume an assistant position within the league since gary garner joined the tulsa staff for the season following a seven-year run as the head coach at drake from through . after one season at tulsa, garner took over as the head coach at southeast missouri state in and directed the ohio valley conference program for nine years. merfeld and his wife, mary jo, reside in peoria with their -year-old daughter lauren and eight-year-old son andrew.
__label__non_math	1.0000	live where you play briadwood is a vibrant town full of great recreational activities, hometown events and relaxation. be sure to visit the historic route website for great camping, shopping and dining. be sure to check out our special events such as the blueberry festival, flea market and summerfest parade. after your day is done, relax on the beautiful braidwood lake, a shimmering, breathtaking view of nature. a perfect place to relax with friends and family and even do a little fishing. here a a few great reasons to live or visit braidwood, illinois
__label__non_math	0.9274	aalborg now among the world's 400 best universities aalborg university surges ahead in the international ranking of the world's best universities. the university moves up 104 places to number 362 among the world's ,000 universities, and in engineering and technology, aalborg is now in the top 200. the international qs world university rankings placed the danish university in a new and even more visible league. the organization itself describes the size of aau's leap as "very rare." the current rating puts aalborg at number 362 in the overall qs rankings. things look even better on the list specifically for engineering and technology, where aau moves into the top 200 at number 198 289 last year . - this is the third year in a row that we ve jumped 100 places up the list. imagine if we continue at this pace for the next four years , jokes rector finn kj rsdam, referring to aau in having placed in the 501-600 group, and in advancing to number 466. the qs rankings assess the world's universities on how often their researchers are cited in scientific journals, and on how external researchers evaluate the university s research. the number of international researchers and students at the university and the number of students per researcher also come into play as do employers' assessment of the graduates from that university. the weighting of the various criteria typically favors the larger, older universities, so the delight over the good results in aalborg is even greater. - it's nice to see that we re doing well, despite the fact that aau is another kind of university. we focus on a different type of research-based teaching, and we don t have as many older researchers, explains rector finn kj rsdam. according to the organization behind the qs world university rankings, the improvement in the rankings means that aalborg university will have a markedly more prominent placement in the overviews made available to the public. the organization's website expects million visitors this year. facts and contact: - finn kj rsdam, rector, aalborg university, mobile . - qs world university rankings are compiled by the international education and career network qacquarelli symonds limited, with offices in london, paris, singapore, stuttgart, boston, johannesburg, shanghai, sydney and washington dc. - the ranking measures the reputation among researchers and employers as well as the number of citations and internationalization. - the ranking is based on six indicators: external researchers assessment of the university s research weighted , citations weighted , number of students per researcher weighted , employers' assessment of graduates from the university weighted , number of international students weighted , number of international researchers weighted .
__label__non_math	1.0000	get involved: send your pictures, video, news and views by texting bwt to or you can email us braintree: band working to create community album saturday 13th october in news a folk band has been hosting choir events and leading community projects thanks to arts council funding. jack in water, of rayne, started with just two members in , but have since grown to become a five-piece group. last year the band entered the abbey road studios anthem competition, which marked the 80th birthday of the legendary london recording venue. after being picked as one of eight winners, the band had the chance to record their track made of ghosts at the one-time home of the beatles and pink floyd. now, thanks to a grant from the arts council, in conjunction with norwich arts centre, the band is aiming to inspire people in essex with a series of free and accessible events. lead singer will clapson said: music surpasses religious, political and philosophical differences for a moment in time and there aren't many things that have that beautiful power of people. it gives the community a sense of belonging and encourages people to come together. jack in water is currently working on a community album, with bands from essex and the surrounding area each contributing a track. the bands will have a live recording to be given away free online, and local artists and photographers will create artwork inspired by each track. while working on these community projects, jack in water is also busy at work recording their debut album, which they hope to finish next year. for more information, visit jackinwater.com or email email
__label__non_math	0.9994	no. women's tennis rallies past mit, - cambridge, mass. -- the 20th-ranked brandeis women's tennis team improved to -on the season today by rallying past host mit, -. the judges came back from a -deficit after doubles action to earn the victory. rookies dylan schlesinger miami, fla. palmetto and simone vandroff moss beach, fla. half moon bay earned brandeis's lone doubles point at no. , -, as the squads split at the bottom two spots. the engineers duo of anastasia vishnevetsky and michelle dutt pulled off an upset at no. , using a late break of service to defeat the judges' pairing of junior faith broderick washingtonville, n.y. washingtonville and rookie carley cooke san diego, calif. point loma , -, to take the lead into singles action. brandeis sophomore roberta bergstein hingham, mass. hingham tied the score at no. when her opponent retired after bergstein won the first set, -. broderick avenged her doubles loss to dutt in quick fashion, picking up a -, -win at no. . sophomore alexa katz philadelphia, pa. abington friends got the judges within one point of victory with a -, -, victory at no. , and cooke completed the comeback at the top spot with a -, -, defeat of vishnevetsky. sophomore allyson bernstein northbrook, ill. glenbrook north closed out the judges' scoring at no. , -, -. vandroff suffered the only brandeis loss, falling to julia hu at no. , -, -, -, in a third-set super-tiebreaker. the judges close out their schedule with a pair of matchups with two more nationally-ranked squads, facing no. wellesley on saturday afternoon on the road at p.m. and no. trinity conn. in their final home match of the season at p.m. on tuesday, april .
__label__non_math	0.9467	clothing, coats jackets, features, suits tailoring by laura on with christmas parties just around the corner, many of you will be looking for the perfect suit for the night. to help you pick the right suit for your shape, we spoke to nicholas charles tyrwhitt wheeler founder owner of the london based menswear brand, charles tyrwhitt. as tyrwhitt says a suit should make a gent look smarter, stand taller and feel more confident, so while there are plenty of options for good off-the-peg-suits ,getting it right still requires some time and effort. with this in mind tyrwhitt.has shared his suits for all sizes guide: the bigger gent many men s shirts have a roomier fit to accommodate the larger frame, as do some suits for the more strapping sort. however, there is nothing worse than a suit that fits correctly around the middle but extends well past the knuckles in the sleeve a common gripe for larger chaps . the key thing to remember is that you should steer clear of anything that makes you appear larger than you already are; give three-button jackets a wide berth, choose a one-button jacket instead. this way you can show more tie, thus breaking-up block colour ways which can make you appear larger. look for a store that offers bespoke tailoring service which will help the mighty man get everything in proportion and achieve a slick, sharp overall look. when choosing the right suit jacket for broad shoulders, you should remember that the waist area unfortunately suffers all too often. it is a common sight to see a broad gent sporting a suit jacket that accommodates his generous shoulders, but is far too baggy through the middle. again, using a bespoke tailoring service will work towards avoiding this pitfall. bear in mind that getting the right shoulder fit in a suit jacket is arguably the hardest thing to achieve in terms of suiting, so it is worth considering alterations for your off-the-peg buy. a skilled tailor will get the shoulder fit just right whilst nipping in the waist of your jacket just enough to produce a harmonious silhouette. achieving a smart look when you have longer than average arms shouldn t be too arduous; a tailor will be able to properly adjust the length of your jacket sleeves in no time at all. as a rule, you should show no more than a of an inch of shirt outside your jacket sleeves, as anything more than this will make the sleeves appear too short. no shirt sleeve peeping out looks just plain odd, and should be avoided at all costs. a common mistake that the built bloke makes is opting for a skin-tight suit to show off his fine physique. this is not only unnecessary but also perilous as he will only end up with a suit that is far too tight. if you are lucky or dedicated enough to be herculean in build then this should come across in the way you hold yourself; not in the tightness of your smart attire. perhaps consider buying your suit as two separate pieces- a jacket and trousers independent of each other- as this will allow you to choose a jacket large enough for your chest, arms and back without having to buy trousers which are too big for your slighter bottom half. the watch-word for diminutive dandies is proportion . less-than-lofty lads ought to keep everything in proportion: sleeve, trouser and jacket length should all be exact in terms of measurements as this will work towards you looking the part. furthermore, it is important to know what to avoid when dressing correctly for your height; bypass fashionable short jackets the preserve of the more statuesque squire and just say no to shorter trousers a la thom browne as these simply will not work. in a nutshell, it is about being honest with yourself; knowing your size and shape, your pluses and negatives and your limitations.
__label__non_math	0.9999	guelph last year, canadian consumers enjoyed modest increases in food prices. in fact, not only did food prices barely increase, but fruit and vegetable prices decreased by more than eight per cent. unfortunately, this year will be a different story. several forecasts predict food prices will go up anywhere from .per cent to .per cent, likely exceeding our national inflation rate. in other words, consumers will have to rethink how they will spend their hard-earned discretionary income. indeed, meat and poultry lovers will be especially hard hit as prices for meat will likely increase by more than .per cent. with this rise in food prices, spending in other sectors is bound to decrease a family may need to pass on that exquisite trip to cancun or that new oversized television set. while mother nature is always partially to blame for food-price hikes, the new normal in the agriculture business is fluctuating food prices influenced by knee-jerk, hedging-like schemes an array of stakeholders in the industry perpetuate. the consequences of this year s north american drought had a relatively strong impact on food production and, in turn, will affect food prices in . the extremity of this drought, the biggest of its kind in recent history, saw commodity prices increasing at a rate well above normal expectations. this was especially the case for corn and soybean crops in the u.s. midwest, the area hit hardest by the drought. anticipating input costs will rise, many cattle producers liquidated their herds to hedge against higher feed prices. with less supply on the market, by the time we reach barbecue season next spring, canadians will likely pay more for their favourite steak. with grains, the situation is not optimistic, either. primarily due to the lack of buffer inventory in many countries to mitigate unpredictable climate patterns, the coming year will almost certainly see climate change have a bigger effect on food prices. without extra grain inventory, droughts, floods, or other weather shocks will make markets more volatile and may, in turn, have a negative effect on the wallets of canadians. with that said, canadians will get some welcome help from an increasingly competitive food-distribution landscape. major players in food retailing have been adjusting to walmart s aggressive strategy in the canadian market. the american-based giant has opened many new supercentres in recent months, and most large canadian retailers, particularly loblaws, have felt the pain. target s imminent arrival into the canadian market in will create the perfect storm of competition for food retailers that are looking to retain their market share, and keeping food prices lower is a quick and dirty way to fend off competition. in particular, metro and sobeys will experience a very harsh assault in eastern canada, courtesy of these two american retail giants. the result may be more consolidation in the food retailing industry, and it wouldn t be surprising if canada loses one major food retailer over the next year or two. but at least in the near term, food prices at the local grocery store will be lower for canadian shoppers. the strong canadian dollar will also help canadian consumers looking for good deals in grocery stores. canada is a large importer of foods from the united states and, with our american food imports exceeding billion yearly, every cent gained by the loonie against the greenback has a significant impact on our buying power. when we factor in the state of the american economy and the relative stability of our own economy, the value of the canadian dollar against the american dollar can only go up. it is worth noting energy won t be much of a factor moving forward, unlike in previous years. as the american government hones its efforts on energy sovereignty, the cost of food processing and distribution will remain relatively stable for a while. despite these positive signs, we could see a record number of people using food banks in . as explained before, meat and poultry will cost more for the average family and, as a result, consumers will look for alternatives by considering more affordable sources of food. however, there is something that consumers can do at home right now to help extend their food budgets: become better food-waste managers. even though we expect more consumers to visit food banks, we may see even more wasted food than ever this year. indeed, studies have shown canadian households waste about per cent of their food purchased in store and restaurants. while it is almost certain shopping habits will change as a result of food-price increases, there is hope there will be greater awareness of wasted food in canadian homes and these households will be more proactive about their food-waste habits. by adopting better shopping practices and using leftovers in creative ways, consumers could save more than per cent in food costs, which is more than enough to offset anticipated food-price increases over the next few years. if you are thinking of ideas for new year s resolutions, becoming a better domestic food-waste manager might be worth putting at the top of your list. sylvain charlebois is associate dean of the college of management and economics at the university of guelph. republished from the brandon sun print edition
__label__non_math	1.0000	community event signage the city has designated mobile sign sites for non-profit and charitable organizations, community groups, and community based public institutions and agencies to use to promote community events and programs. there is no rental charge for the sites, however user groups are required to retain the services of a mobile sign contractor. the mobile sign contractor will invoice user groups for the sign rental. all sign contractors must meet the insurance requirements outlined in schedule a in administrative policy no. . click to view mobile sign information application street wide banners the city of brantford recognizes the importance of special events to both the city and county of brant, and therefore has provided for street-wide banners for the purpose of promoting community events, which enhance tourism, contribute to the local economy and support the well being of local citizens. click to view street wide banner information and application led sign at brantford visitor tourism centre the city of brantford provides the electronic light emitting diode led sign for communication of special events information to brantford residents and visitors. the city of brantford views the led sign as a valued public service promoting special community events taking place within the geographic boundaries of the city of brantford and its strategic tourism partners, the county of brant and the six nations new credit marketing collective. click to view led sign information and application for more information on community events signage, click on one of the signage program links on the left hand side.
__label__non_math	0.9996	let s start with the crazy phone call s between mj and gg. i was shocked when mj called gg to tell her she wasn t invited to her birthday party. it spoke volumes. she had to do it to repair her relationship with reza and she did the right thing as hard as it was. plus, she was throwing a birthday party for herself and didn t want drama at her party. can you blame a girl? kudos to her for finally taking a stand and not being her typical people pleaser self. i have to admit, when i heard mj drop the bomb, i was like, oh no she di int the call went something like this: mj: hi gg, you can t come to my birthday party. i like you, but you re too dramatic. gg: silence. . .hangs up mj calls back me: mj, dude mj: did you hang up on me? me: mj -- really? no -- it was a coincidental signal drop. come on gg: i ve had your back this whole time. . . me: she s right, her gold hoops have always stayed on around you. . . mj: you ve had no consequences for everything you ve done. gg: mj, mj, mj -- did you say i m not invited to your birthday crazy eyes f--- you hangs up me: mj, run while you can. she s channeling jack torrance jack nicolson s character in the shining. what she really means is: i have a knife collection, an audi a6 that can fit a body in the trunk, and a rich dad. mj, hide yo julio. hide yo pablo. . . agreed, ali is just not that into lilly. if a man really wants to be with you, he will come hell or high water to get to you....no matter what. it's been years already, move on. you made an excellent point when you wrote that if omid was so offended about gg not being invited,why was he at the party? great blog.
__label__non_math	0.9999	no. - coochie crack well kenya has certainly come in with a bailey agency bang. the new girl is most certainly serving us some d-i-v-a this season, and i couldn't be more excited. while serving as a guest judge at cynthia's jet magazine casting call, she wasn't holding back on the potential models. when one woman strut her stuff down the runway in a, shall we say, ill-fitting bikini bottom, kenya was floored by the "coochie crack" that was seemingly burned into her eyes. i use such dramatic terminology, because she just could not let it go, much to cynthia's chagrin. then cynthia's assistant tries to tell kenya to ease up on the aspiring models. big mistake. kenya blows up on the unsuspecting assistant and has him escorted out. by her own personal bodyguard whom she didn't announce. yep, she just has a body guard with her at all times. but hey, clearly she makes use of him. cynthia's none too pleased by all of this attitude, and there's some serious tension building between these two. especially when kenya gives the thank you speech at the end of the day's proceedings. it seemed like there was some major thunderstealing going on. how come you don't write a weekly blog like the others do? oh yeah, i forgot you are way too busy cooking boiling pasta, marinating the chicken and making sure all the flavorings are right and most of all opening up the package, taking the seal off and popping it in the micro so it looks like we've found our new sociopath in housewife kenya. it should be interesting to watch her attempts at manipulating the other women as well as being unable to read the social queues of those around her - like her gentlemen friend who nearly swallowed his own tongue while she gushed about the potential of him knocking her up or how everyone at the bailey agency, not just cynthia, were stunned and appalled by her wacky commentary during the model screening. a word to the wise - people like kenya are good for spicing up boring parties but are best excluded from any activities requiring sane adult participation. mpaigemax so well put, i could not have said it better myself. it's early into the season and you can see how she is going to cause problems for more than one of the women. she thinks she's "all that" but newsflash, she's not nene you've come so far i like that you stay real but stay classy don't get pulled into the bulls... pleaseyoure still growing and developing don't stop have you watched nene act? she actually is very good as an actress. i know it surprised me nene, please move on. i have a saying..i don't cross the same bridge twice. why, because i give my all the first time and it takes infidelity in my face to get me to say quits. if you experienced that, then girl move on. don't listen to the haters about being with a white man, love has no color. if that man treats you like a princess, go for it. i've always been "team nene" and i am so happy for you after only one show - kendra needs to go kenya and nene both need to go. why isn't kim in the group photo? really? and is this the nene show via the new normal? this is a bravo blog site, right? i'm really getting fed up with this particular version of the housewives franchise....think this one sux more than rhom if that's possible. love all things bravo but you're losing me on these. i was team nene, then your head got too big and i wasn't team nene, but i see a new nene that i once again love....go nene, congrats on your hollywood success. go team nene. and get back with greg, leave that other man alone, he's creepy. ashiecat definitely nene, get back with greg. the other guy is a little strange, sorry to say that. greg still loves you and he really is trying. i know the trust is gone but keep trying. i wish you a lot of luck with your career. i'm glad to see the "old" nene back, the one i used to like. go team nene i think the whole divorce thing was a sham. it was a way to bring more attention to nene. i still don't understand why anyone would hire her as an actress. she's not an actress and there are so many starving actresses out there who could do her parts much better. this whole thing with reality participants being called stars is absolutely ridiculous. they aren't stars, they're people who act out for the cameras in hopes of being "discovered" even though they have no real talent. sorry nene, i don't buy anything you say, you're in it for the media coverage and that's it. nene you are still being fake in my opinion so is greg he's trying to get back w you to spend some of that money share the limelight also, i loved that you were forced to eat humble pie when you dialed tyler perry's number only to learn that he had changed it.......bloop the women on rhoa did all they could to make you think "less of yourself," but----they under estimated you. you have always embraced your past and recognized that those times have made you strong and made you want to reach for the sky. those women have a network of texting and phone calling its a gang mentality. it was suppose to destroy your self worth. while they all were gossiping on the phone and texting, you held your head high, you got out of that bed and you went to work. congratulations. no she did not. the way the women talked about nene last season was a new low. i believe it was because of all the opportunities she were getting. they were really nasty with the things they were saying, even around kim's girls. sorry, i've been watching since the very beginning, nene has always been the bully, always the one to start something. she has a quick temper, big mouth and doesn't know how to control herself. rhonu maskedblogger rhonu maskedblogger you are so right...they were jealous of nene's popularity from the start and tried to break her down right out the gate but she rose above it love you nene and i love the way you thanked your producer of the new normal for giving u a chance in his show he knew that he casted right kjones0160 now that's a joke, she has no talent, she just screams, yells and acts like a bully. not really a stretch for her. rhonu you can kiss her ring all you want, but i'm sorry, there are professional actresses who have paid their dues and should get those parts before some bullying housewife on a reality show. i am so happy for nene's success shows...you go the head of the class baby-girl ne ne i am happy for you too, but you can't be rude and hateful to people, you do need to humble yourself, because what god has given you ,he can take it away. i didn't understand why kenya was being so ignorant, making unnecessary comments concerning the models, just because she was miss usa doesn't make it right. she needed to be reminded that she was just a guest judge, and security stephanie37 kenya is just that, plain ignorant. she's really not all that, there are many women, much more attractive and talented than she is.
__label__non_math	0.9998	domestic terrorist bill ayers is set to be a keynote speaker at the annual meeting for the association of teacher educators ate next month in atlanta, ga. ate's website for the meeting describes ayers' work on the topic of education. it fails to mention any of his prior radical activities, including his domestic terrorism activities, political actions from his days in the weather underground, or that he is a self-proclaimed "communist--with a lower case c." by whitewashing the most prominent aspects of ayers's resume and passing off a domestic terrorist as an appropriate and benign speaker at their meeting, ate is taking a radical political position. as for ayers, there is no better way for him to continue his documented attempts to influence youth than by facilitating his access to educational institutions. as recently as last december eagnews.org obtained footage of ayers speaking to students and educators at new york university nyu . there he explained the importance of using the "classroom" as the place to cultivate change: if we want change to come, we would do well not to look at the sites of power we have no access to the white house, even the congress, the pentagon these are not the sites we have access to. but lo and behold, we have absolute access to the community, the school, the neighborhood, the street, the classroom, the workplace, the shop, the farm why are we ignoring that and saying i hope obama makes peace. forget about it. he s not going to do anything if you don t do something. our job is movement building.
__label__non_math	0.9998	cchbs news for july - recipe specials for july - we're now open on thursdays starting at - fourth of july hours - purpose-built blowoff tubes in stock - seasonal yeasts in stock recipe specials for july pacific gravity's september meeting will feature vienna, marzen and oktoberfest lagers, and it's not too soon to start brewing those if you're planning on showing off your mad skills. since everyone doesn't have the refrigeration necessary for those styles, we've also got some good recipes for summertime brewing. yellow brick road wheat beer is a great recipe for summertime brewing. it can be brewed as an american wheat beer, a german hefeweizen or as a fruit beer. what more do you need to know? brew it this month. pacific gravity's style of the month for september will be vienna marzen oktoberfest. if you've got the facilities for brew lagers, we're going to help you show off by putting my favorite marzen on special for july. make it your favorite for only .. finally, we're putting an old favorite summer recipe on sale, but we're adding a new twist. double trouble abbey dubbel is one of the store's oldest recipes, but brewing it with the newly available belgian dark candi syrup makes it a truly brilliant beer. we're combining the two for a special price of during july. we're now open on thursdays starting at cchbs will be open during the day on thursdays, starting june 28th. this means that we'll be open from - on thursdays, just like the big stores fourth of july hours we'll be closed to celebrate the 4th of july but it's entirely possible that we'll be brewing and bbqing at the store. if you need something, give us a call. purpose-built blowoff tubes in stock we found the best solution yet for setting up a blowoff tube, just in time for brewing those summer hefeweizens and belgians. made by fermtech, it looks like a very short " racking cane combined with a stopper with an over-sized hole. they're only .and are much better than the various improvised options we've used in the past. seasonal yeasts in stock wyeast's summer seasonals are the farmhouse ale and roeselare yeasts. one is great for making saisons and biere de garde, and the other is ideal for almost all of the belgian sour beers. we've also got seasonals from white labs in stock, including dusseldorf alt, australian ale and abbey ale iv. you can make great beer from any and all of these, so why not try them instead of the same old, same old?
__label__non_math	0.9989	crooked arrows is a film i wanted to like, came close to enjoying, but was consistently pulled away by some poor storytelling decisions. it s one of the first movies to concentrate solely on the game of lacrosse, a sport that s grown in popularity in recent years after spending centuries as an activity for native american cultures, where it s known as the creator s game. it s a highly entertaining, fast-paced sport that deserves a better onscreen celebration than crooked arrows, which slaps around every clich imaginable, looking to win over the audience through the comfort of familiarity. it has charm and a refreshing cultural perspective, but the predictability is often too much to bear, tanking the potential for a proper big screen exploration of lacrosse. the director for crooked arrows is steve rash, once the helmer of the buddy holly story, but lately known for his work on road trip: beer pong. rash has an obvious affection for the sport of lacrosse and native traditions, positioning the picture as a tribute to reservation spirit, taking time to chastise those who ve pimped out their own nation with casino endeavors, using joe as a symbol for the soulless ones who ll do anything for monetary reward. while i wish the politics of the effort were more refined, there s something appealing about the feature s stand against the onslaught of casino construction, finding a place of pride in a community learning to come together as one. crooked arrows has a heart, but it s buried under layers of nonsense. the screenplay is overstuffed with formula, almost afraid to take on any originality whatsoever, using the bad news bears template to tell the story of grumpy joe and his lackluster team of hotheaded goofs. there s even a kelly leak character, with the coach coaxing a gifted outsider into the team. the rise of player pride carries insufficient excitement, especially when the average viewer is always two steps ahead of rash, mentally ticking off the clich s on the underdog sporting movie checklist as the losers grow into a powerful lacrosse unit, working out ball-hog and endurance issues along the way. crooked arrows is most confident drilling into native american customs, following the boys as they embark on a vision quest to discover their personal animal spirit, or learn the language to help develop a field code to confuse rival teams. a tighter script might ve seized a real sense of pace and texture from the story. instead, rash labors through the details, backed by an impossibly crummy soundtrack of bland rock songs and an unironic use of chumbawamba s tubthumping to inspire the troops. rash keeps the ridiculousness rolling in with a big game finale that finds the crooked arrows facing off against an aryan machine coached by a john kreese knockoff. it s excessive, saved in part by the game action, which moves effectively, displaying a rough sport with respect for player dedication. still, the heaviness of the hackneyed screenwriting and apathetic direction the film s thickly processed look is also a drag eventually pins crooked arrows to the mat, stripping the life out of a potentially inspiring perspective on sporting achievement and native concerns.
__label__non_math	0.9999	amilie s inspiration comes from a harmonious mixture of english country garden meets french classic style. its delightful designs and vivacious colours capture these timeless themes to perfection. amilie s luxurious silks, linens and cottons give the collection a soft, laid-back feel. claire vallis explains: the look we were aiming for was stylish yet casual at the same time.taking archive designs, giving them a whimsical twist and colouring them in a contemporary way has resulted in a truly elegant collection. amilie comprises five prints, two embroidered and two woven fabrics, complemented by seven wallpaper designs and a separate book of woven stripes and plains.the motifs encompass sumptuous floral bouquets, delightful roses, lavish tulips, enchanting ranunculus, magnolias and wisteria, pretty leaf trails and a captivating toile. the spirited colour palette comprises: vibrant shades of lime, fuchsia, pomegranate and coral red; more subdued tones of french grey, charcoal, warm metallics and neutrals; and softer hues of lilac, powder blue and baby pink.
__label__non_math	0.9995	edit: i just corrected a few mistakes and edited the requiem prayer at the end to be specific to one man. "charge thundering forward and building up speed, the imperial french heavy cavalry went to reinforce their confederate allies. trumpets sounding, flags fluttering, and sunlight glinting off the cuirassiers polished armor; it was a charge that would have made napoleon i or frederick the great pleased at the order and appearance of it. the cavalry was formed into neat ranks even when they charged over obstacles such as bushes and fences. at this same time, jake led the charge on the chevau de frise and helped tear them out of the ground. within five minutes, the confederates were surging forward. then the actual mexican soldiers arrived in force. wearing green coats and metal pith helmets, the mexican soldiers formed a line of battle. general gerardo rudolphe stephano, who was in charge of the mexican forces, peered through his spyglass, "dile a los hombres al ataque, el capit n. hacer nuestra l nea de cuatro hombres de profundidad, y marchar hacia adelante. viva m xico the captain wrote down the orders in a mental notepad. stephano had said, "order the men to attack, captain. make our line four men deep and march forward." "s , se or " viva m xico the captain rode over to the mexican music corps, "m sica militar after getting the enemy into range, the captain ordered, "primera fila ... voley "primera fila de rodillas the enemies' line almost formed, the captain gave the order for his infantry to enter melee, "los hombres, bayonetas arreglar " viva m xico the greencoats smashed into the greycoats and bloody combat and chaos ensued. jake used his rifle to bash his foes' head in. then, seeing the mexican captain have his horse shot out from under him, decided to go after him. he worked his way up to him by killing several mexican soldiers. finally, he thrusted his bayonet at the officer. the captain narrowly dodged, suddenly stepped forward, and landed a punch squarely on jakes jaw. jake angrily tackled him and they rolled over and over each other on the bloody ground. jake got on top and started choking the mexican. the captain managed to push him off. but, then, jake picked up a large stone and landed it solidly on the captain's forehead. with a loud crunch, the rock ended the captain's life. the confederates were much relieved when the cuirassiers reached them. seeing the odds, the union and mexican troops started to give ground. vive le vive l'empereur jake and his men recieved orders from the brass to wait to be reinforced. after twenty minutes, a fresh macabre batch, made up of accomplished soldiers who were no longer needed at other spots on the battlefield, arrived. riding in front were ten trumpeters, who had blue banners draped on their instruments. in the center of those banners was a picture of a golden roman-style laurel wreath with a big golden "n" in he center of that. jake could not see why they were there until he saw a fat man about riding behind them. the man wore a red kepi and a blue coat. "vive le prince imp rial jake watched the man direct the allied infantry. what he could not hear was the following conversation: "sire, i do not think it wise of you to put yourself in danger," said a french officer. prince napoleon waved his hand angrily, "nonsense the officer, a major, really felt like telling the fat, arrogant man, "oh, go step on a landmine, you gluttonous old socialist windbag," but he held his temper, "sire, i don't want you to be hurt; it would severely damage the feelings of the me, the emperor and all of france "poppycock the band played the grognard march and the army followed the prince imp rial into battle. soon, jake and the others joined their allies. then the order was given to attack some fleeing mexicans on top of a hill. just as they neared the top, "fuego," the spanish word for "fire" was heard, and guerrilas popped out of the bushes and shrubs. their rifle bullets slammed into the allies. the prince directed the men to go into melee. jake watched the prince grab a tri-color and charge with his personal cavalry. suddenly, a lucky shot hit the fat bonaparte in the chest. blood pouring out of his wound, the glutton toppled from his horse and hit the ground like a ton of bricks. before the news spread, the allies had already pushed the mexicans off the hill. dashing over to the prince, who was surrounded by officers and medics. the french major and the flag-bearer were the ones closest to the prince. '"sire, can you hear me?" asked the major. the prince imp rial just made a gurgling noise and nodded. quite a few seconds passed before he spoke, "yeeeessss...i-i-i...uh...tell emperor napoleon that...that i'm not afraid of...lead...anymore. vive le france "sire? a medic rushed forward, "i'll do it..." he said while grabbing the prince's wrist and feeling for a pulse. after five seconds, he looked up and said, "le prince est mort. the prince is dead." "requiem ternam dona eis, domine, et lux perpetua luceat eis. te decet hymnus deus, in sion, et tibi reddetur votum in ierusalem. exaudi orationem meam; ad te omnis caro veniet. requiem ternam dona eis, domine, et lux perpetua luceat eis. "requiem ternam dona eis, domine : et lux perpetua luceat eis. in memoria terna erit iustus, ab auditione mala non timebit. animas omnium fidelium defunctorum ab omni vinculo delictorum et gratia tua illis succurente mereantur evadere iudicium ultionis, et lucis ternae beatitudine perfrui. "forgive, o lord, the souls of all the faithful departed and by the aid to him of your grace may he deserve to avoid the judgment of revenge, and enjoy the blessedness of everlasting light." "amen," said the major after reciting the catholic funeral prayer. "amen," echoed the others as they made the sign of the cross. the major placed a crucifix in the hand of the dead man, which jake had trouble not laughing about, knowing of the prince's atheism. lego builder, writer, video-gamer, greaser, history professor, swordsman, and military collector. i am the most interesting man in the world. :p
__label__non_math	0.8738	this blog post originally appeared on the stanford social innovation review website. it is hard to argue with the premise that leadership matters. whether in plain view or behind the scenes, good leaders are at the heart of successful organizations, coalitions, and movements. yet funders and direct service organizations alike devote so few resources to leadership development. one key reason: it s unpopular to spend on activities that don t produce results you can readily measure and attribute, particularly in this era of ultra-constrained resources. ask yourself this: would you spend an extra to upgrade software for of your program staff, or would you send their supervisor to a leadership training course? earlier this year, we conducted a third-party assessment of the nation s largest philanthropic leadership program neighborhood builders , operated by bank of america. now in its eighth year, neighborhood builders selects high performing community-based nonprofits, and provides them with a meaningful unrestricted grant and multiple three-day sessions of leadership training for the executive director and an emerging leader. it also fosters relationships within a network that has grown to ,200 nonprofit leaders. the bank invests in this program as part of a broader commitment to strengthen communities where it does business. our research found that the program is having a strong, positive impact on participating leaders and organizations, and through them, the individuals and communities they serve. for instance, chinese american service league, a chicago-based social services organization, attributes its ability to grow through the downturn in large part to the fundraising knowledge it gained at the training, the financial management advice it received from a peer organization it met at the training, and fundraising and accounting software it purchased with the unrestricted grant. here are some important take-aways from this assessment that others running or funding leadership development measurement programs might find valuable: . develop a detailed theory of change. it isn t worth spending a dime on measurement until you ve carefully defined which leaders you intend to target, what specific training and other programming they need, what they will gain, how those gains will be applied, and what should ultimately result. ask yourself: do you want to be accountable for long-term outcomes? at what levels the leader, the organization, the community, etc. ? over what time period? should every participant receive the same set of services and benefit in the same way? for neighborhood builders, detailing the theory of change clarified the intermediate outcomes it sought improvements in aspirations, leadership knowledge and skills, peer relationships, and stature with other funders and the longer-term outcomes for improved leadership and organizational performance. . measure with mixed methods. start with basic data tracking, leader by leader, along the theory of change: characteristics of the leaders, the amount and type of programming they access, their assessment of whether the programming was delivered as intended, etc. then make sure to gather intermediate and longer-term outcome data after sufficient time has elapsed. while questionnaires and surveys will tell you whether outcomes were achieved, qualitative methods such as interviews, focus groups, and document review are often necessary to determine whether the outcomes resulted from the program, particularly in the absence of a comparison group. indeed, for neighborhood builders, we relied on in-depth interviews using common qualitative evaluation techniques such as most significant change and alternative explanation elimination to assess the program s influence on outcomes. . continuously measure to improve impact. high-performing nonprofits use measurement to enable innovation and improvement. by gathering and analyzing your data leader by leader, you should be able to determine which types of leaders benefit the most, what programming most drives outcomes, etc.; and then adjust your approaches to achieve greater impact. our assessment of neighborhood builders identified nearly a dozen potential programmatic improvements, including how to better select leaders and which follow-up services such as ongoing peer networks and skills-based employee volunteerism to add or strengthen. these improvements can be piloted, measured, and then adopted at scale if they work. . build rigor over time. leadership programs don t need to build a full-scale measurement system right from the start. the best programs are intentional about whether and how to improve the rigor of their measurement over time, based partly on what they want to do with the results. do they want to improve at their current size? attract more resources to scale it? inform the field? by engaging evaluators early, these programs can understand their options and implement changes now to prepare for the future. in the case of neighborhood builders, those options include building a comparison group, validating self-reported data, and measuring the program s return on investment. measuring the results of leadership development is a lot harder than, say, understanding the impact of a tutoring program on student test scores. yet, to avoid measuring and funding leadership development is to deprive the social sector of one of its greatest performance improvement tools. what experiences can you share about measuring leadership development in your organizations?
__label__non_math	0.9985	contact the bridport news with your stories, pictures and video footage. send us an email salisbury break to deny bridport salisbury seconds bridport two breakaway tries deep into the second half proved the difference between these sides in an entertaining dorset wilts one south encounter. rory greening, tony herbert, donald farmer and skipper ricky stubbs grabbed tries for bridport but a couple of length-of-the-field scores took the hosts clear in the closing stages. salisbury opened the scoring with a try in the first four minutes and repeated the feat with an added conversion soon after. flanker greening got bridport on the board when he touched down on minutes and hooker herbert followed in his footsteps to cut the lead to -. salisbury pulled five points clear with a third try on the half hour but a superb individual touch down from centre farmer made it -to the home side as bridport kept in touch. two penalties moved salisbury -ahead only for bridport captain stubbs, playing at fly-half, to seal a bonus point with a fourth try. farmer converted this time and bridport were right back in it at -. a third penalty gave the wiltshire outfit some breathing space but with bridport pressurising the home defence it looked like they would lose their lead. however, twice in the space of six minutes salisbury broke away to score two almost identical tries which gave bridport too much of a mountain to climb. when it went to -we were attacking quite well and they were faltering, said bridport team manager arthur barclay. if we hadn t given away those two late tries it could have gone either way. but for an inexperienced side with a lot of youngsters playing we did really well. they were a well-drilled side but we stood up and gave 100 percent. i was pleased with the performance but it just wasn t good enough on the day. warminster away on saturday . is next on the agenda for bridport, who only have three games left this season, all of which are on the road. it will again be a young team they take to warminster as bridport target a league double following a -triumph at home on the second weekend of the season. bridport seconds, who lost -to lytchett minster seconds last weekend, do not have a league fixture this saturday.
__label__non_math	0.6649	with verizon now sporting two almost indistinguishable smartphones, the motorola droid razr and motorola droid razr maxx, some would-be buyers may be confused about what each one offers. we take a comparative look, and answer the question: with the razr maxx out, is there any point in buying the original droid razr? nearly identical twins in many ways, the razr and razr maxx are nearly the same phone, which is what helps make the situation so confusing. they sport the same specs: same .ghz processor, same gb of internal memory with an additional gb microsd card preloaded, same 4g lte, same screen, and basically the same design. they're even both promised an upgrade to android os . "ice cream sandwich" some time this year. the only difference is the battery, and what has to be done to accomodate that battery. the original razr has a mah battery, which is comparable to the capacity of similar 4g lte devices like the samsung galaxy nexus, motorola droid bionic, etcetera. by making it's battery very broad and very flat -- as well as eliminating the extra thickness of a removable battery cover -- it manages to pack that battery into a very thin package. the razr sports a "bump" at the top, where the camera and connectors are located, which is millimeters .inches thick, then the device thins out to .mm .275 inches over most of the device shown here . the razr maxx, on the other hand, sports a flattened design, with the same millimeter .inch thickness down the entire length of the back shown here . that extra thickness over part of the device gives it the ability to house a bigger battery... much bigger, in fact, a whopping mah. that's of the capacity of the original razr, and similarly outclasses every other high-end smartphone battery you can name. even samsung's much larger galaxy note only has a mah battery. but that extra capacity gives the razr amazing staying power: hours of talk time, hours of non-streaming video, hours of lte web browsing... all of those are realistic goals with the razr maxx, and are completely unrealistic with any other lte phone. in fact, you'd need to equip any other phone with a plenty fat extended battery to get similar performance. obviously on a phone with a non-removable battery like the razr, that's not an option. now i'm sure some people will disagree with me here, but i'm going to go out on a limb: the added thickness and weight of the razr maxx isn't significant. noticeable, sure, if you have both of them side by side. but even with the extra heft, the razr maxx is still thinner than the iphone 4s, and just two tenths of an ounce heavier, which is next to nothing. for that matter, it's only .mm thicker than the original razr: that's less than a tenth of an inch. that it's not as ridiculously thin as the original razr doesn't mean it's not thin. different price points aside from the battery, there's only one other significant difference between the two devices: cost. the current suggested retail of the droid razr maxx is 200 with contract. if you look for the lowest available prices through online retailers, that gap is still maintained pretty closely, and i imagine that will be the case until the razr maxx is available for less than . which won't be for many months, meaning that as long as the razr is still on the market, there's still going to be that choice to make. and when you come down to it, price is really the only reason i can see why someone would want to buy the original droid razr over the razr maxx, given the similarity in profile and the sameness in their hardware. so all other things aside, what the razr represents is a savings of over the razr maxx. is that enough of a reason to buy? frankly... i would say no. if you don't want to spend full price on the maxx, you're much better off waiting a couple months for its price to drop than you are buying an inferior unit that you'll then be stuck with for two years. my answer would probably be different if you could choose later on to remove the razr's battery and replace it, but you can't. once you've made that decision, it's for the life of the phone or the contract, whichever comes up first. the droid razr is an example of an evolutionary update that improves a little bit on what came before it. the razr maxx is an example of a major upgrade which has the potential to spark a new wave in smartphones, providing big power to go with the big screens. given those options, i think the razr maxx is an easy choice to make for anyone who wants a robust smartphone that will work as hard as they do -- and for as long. more than 100 focused websites providing quick access to a deep store of news, advice and analysis about the technologies, products and processes crucial to the jobs of it pros.
__label__non_math	0.9986	questions? call toll free -888-622- great coverage throughout switzerland on the orange network. protect yourself from outrageous data roaming charges. enjoy email, surfing, downloading, uploading, facebook and youtube. use google maps so you never get lost estimate only. file sizes, and web page sizes, vary. all calls are billed per minute in full minute increments. incoming calls include calls answered by voicemail. sms text messages are billed per message. calls to locations outside switzerland are . min to: cook islands, cuba, diego garcia, east timor, falklands, gambia, greenland, liechtenstein, madagascar, maldives, papua new guinea, sao tome principe, solomon islands, somalia, tonga, vanatu, wallis and futurna, western samoa. the switzerland data plan provides cellular internet access thorough out most of switzerland. coverage is especially good - and signal strength is particularly strong - in the major cities like: zurich, basel, geneva, bern, lucerne, lausanne, winterthur, lugano, st. gallen and more... 3g: gsm 2g: gsm 900 the switzerland data plan requires an unlocked phone or a mi-fi device. to work in switzerland, the cell phone or device must support gsm 900 for voice, text and 2g grps, and either gsm , 850 or 900 for 3g gprs. if you would like to order an unlocked switzerland cell phone or mi-fi device with your data plan purchase you can select one from the list of options at checkout - note that a switzerland sim card will automatically be added to your cart with any data plan or device purchase. your carrier will not forward your calls to an international number, but we will. we provide a north american number which forwards to the international number on your international brightroam sim card. to forward all your calls: simply forward your cell phone to the north american number we provide. to forward some calls: give the north american number to the people you want to call you toll free. give your international brightroam number to everyone else. per month .per min plus incoming rate. to order, add sim card to your cart, then select call forwarding. many brightroam customers have kept the same sim card for years. you can extend your activation period after adding the sim to your cart. or you can extend it at any time by logging into your account. ipads and iphone , 4s and require a smaller sim card. to order, add to cart, then select "yes" beside microsim. we'll ship you a sim card that fits your apple device. with . next business day shipping is . you can select how quickly you'd like to receive your order when you checkout. brightroam data plans are perfect for smartphones and tablets: iphones, ipads, android devices, pc data sticks and mifi devices. to order, add a sim card to your cart. then select the best data plan for you. please see the data tab - or data plan web pages - for more details. find a lower price on a comparable sim card and we will match it, plus give you a of free talk, text or data. after adding the sim card to your cart, you will have the option of ordering a reliable travel phone. our most affordable model is great for talk and text. we also offer a talk text email model and an android smart phone.
__label__non_math	0.9955	steve durbin, global vice president, information security forum synopsis: organisations can t avoid using the cloud. with surveys reporting that of organisations achieve projected savings and increase their competitive advantage, as one tech writer put it, the cloud is coming to your business, like it or not . but with cloud systems come inherent challenges. these are further complicated as data subject to privacy regulation inevitably moves into the cloud. this webinar explains why data privacy in the cloud is a business issue. it provides an overview of privacy as a concept, explains personally identifiable information pii , along with the demands typically placed on organisations by privacy regulations and de-mystifies the complexity of cloud-based systems and their inherent risks. the webinar maps out how you can manage the risk of using cloud services for private data whatever stage you are at based on current efforts to formulate good practice at leading isf member organisations around the world. it offers independent guidance on simplifying the complexity of cloud-based systems and their inherent risks, providing insight into how organisations can develop the necessary privacy safeguards and good practice guidelines to achieve privacy compliance when using such systems. about the speaker: steve durbin is global vice president of the information security forum isf . he is a regular speaker and chair at global events and is quoted in the financial times, wall street journal, forbes, deutsche presse, s ddeutsche zeitlung, cio forum, zd net, and information week. steve has considerable experience working in the technology and telecoms markets and was previously senior vice president at gartner. he is also currently chairman of the digiworld institute senior executive forum in the uk, a think tank comprised of telecoms, media and it leaders and regulators.
__label__non_math	1.0000	james lynn, practice principal, hp fortify; vince arneja, vp of product management, arxan technologies join us to explore the mobile application threat landscape and identify ways to prepare for reverse engineering and tampering attacks. the mobile app economy is growing explosively as businesses are seeking to embrace innovation to provide new products and services to consumers, partners, and employees. however, malicious hackers and criminal organizations are now targeting these applications with a growing number of sophisticated attacks. security of mobile apps, rather than devices, has become the new focal point as well as a top level concern for all stakeholders. in this webinar, mobile security experts, jason schmitt, director of product management of hp fortify and vince arneja, vp of product management of arxan technologies will explore the mobile application threat landscape to identify a wide range of threats from vulnerability based attacks to reverse engineering and tampering attacks. the presenters will also address how to achieve comprehensive mobile application security within the sdlc to manage risk and exposure for b2c, b2e and b2b applications and protect today s app economy from theft, fraud, malware invasion, and tampering. you will gain insights how to develop and launch vulnerability-free, self-defending, and tamper-proofed applications that can withstand the new attacks. hp fortify is the leader in software security assurance with solutions that contain, remove, and prevent software vulnerabilities. arxan technologies is the leader in protecting the app economy with application protection solutions that are deployed on over one hundred million devices by fortune 500 and global financial services.
__label__non_math	1.0000	tim keelan, founder ceo, storyquest inc ; jamie shanks, mba managing partner learn how to leverage your customer stories in sell to their "sphere of influence". use video linkedin messages to book more meetings, and close deals faster - of marketers say the customer's voice is their most effective content - of your buyers are starting their buying journey online - of our social selling meetings booked are by telling client success stories to their "sphere of influence." in this webinar you will learn: - capture and produce customer stories faster and easier - customize your stories to target very specific buyers - where in linkedin you can leverage you stories more effectively about the speakers: tim keelan is founder and ceo of storyquest, a world leader in b2b storytelling for sales and demand generation. prior to storyquest, tim sold professional services as director of sales with cap gemini ernst young, sales leader with thrupoint, account manager at spherion and cara corporation. with storyquest tim has been a frequent speaker on b2b story and storytelling. tim has collaborated with and provided learning and marketing solutions to large and small organizations such as sap, deloitte, avaya, rsa security, ciber and computer associates, mentor tech group and many others.learn more about tim and storyquest at jamie shanks is one of north america s leading social selling experts. he s personally built social selling solutions in nearly every industry, ranging from start-ups to fortune 500 corporations. before starting his sales agency, jamie was the director of sales at two saas software companies captive channel corp. and firmex inc., building their businesses from infancy to profitability. after proving great success at firmex, he decided to help other technology firms build sales .models under the brand shanks group inc. in december , jamie saw the opportunity to merge the shanks group inc. with sales for life to form a leading social selling agency.
__label__non_math	0.8330	warhead you give me serious doubts about how you don't read posts no, though you're going in the right direction considering genre. they were popular around that time but have moved out of the picture because of their non-commercial approach to music they see it as a form of art rather than a means to make money and believe money and fame pretty much fucks everything up, which is close to the truth , though they still retain a strong fan base in many countries. they only use cellos on this song and the band member that used to play the cello left the band in the meantime. the girl the song is about dies, btw. oh, and the band is from northern ireland. you people are dissapointing me dearly
__label__math	0.8139	so most of you probably haven't heard of mythos. those of you who have probably forgot. it's an rpg system i created about months ago, then abandoned shortly thereafter to do other nerdy things. you can check out the posts if you want: anyway, i'm back, i'm making a rulebook, and i need some art for it. so heres what i need: pictures of the nine races: drahl half-human half-demon sentinels half-human half-angel salzar lizardmen, both legged and snake-ish kameli dark elves katta cat people pictures of the eight classes: also, i need general fantasy art like you'd see in a d d book. stuff like that it doesn't need to be color, but that would be appreciated. it doesn't need to be yours, as long as it won't get me sued for some reason. make it realistic. no minifigs. i will credit you if i use something you drew. assuming i ever finish the thing. i will post a link to the thing if it gets done.
__label__math	0.7797	: natalya wants access to update the brikwars newsfeed. i think this is a great idea : i think it is good to let people work for you for free. : i would give natalya a chance if it were up to me. : she is the exact right combination of psychotic evil and... well mostly psychotic evil : maybe 4chan-inspired internet savvy, that's the other half of that equation : psychotic evil and 4chan-inspired behavior : well that's just redundant again : but it does sound good. : maybe i just need to make the clausing more ambiguous : "4chan-inspired internet savvy and psychotic malfeasance" : give anonymous power over my public relations? yes please : at least it would be fun to see what she does with the power. ikensall wrote:come and join the fascinating silence in mibbit hey, cool. it has a comment function now.rossvarn wrote: clicks on internet browser launch "buh- guys guys the frontpage updated- oh wait damn." did you add a comment function, nat? i haven't noticed that before. ikensall wrote:what about putting up zzd or was that to long ago to be worth putting up? warhead wrote:zzd isn't pc enough, even for here. the object is to attract people to the site, not make them run away crying with their pants full of piss... although... yeah, fuckit users browsing this forum: no registered users and guest
__label__non_math	0.9991	search: asian studies, this work undertakes an analysis of extra-legal institutions in china s criminal justice, explaining their resilience and entrenchment with the thesis that sovereign power is premised on juridical mechanisms that allow the suspension of rights. edited by cao tian yu, zhong xueping, and liao kebin leading scholars examine the interplay between the ideological reorientation and radical social changes in contemporary china in terms of the interpretation, appropriation and mobilization of three major cultural resources traditional, may fourth, and socialist by various social groups. democracy and the rule of law in china is intended to make available to english-language readers debates among prominent chinese intellectuals and academics over issues of political, constitutional, and legal reform; modes of governance in urban and rural china; and culture and cultural policy. ... click a term to refine your current search. - humanities categories: all asian studies - brill - english - book publication year: all - hardback
__label__non_math	0.9998	for thousands of years, many enlightened cultures have found true relaxation in the soothing warmth of steam baths. steam uses the body's own natural defenses to fight disease and maintain good health. the sauna's heat and moisture raises the body's temperature, which boost the immune system and expels toxins. natural steam revives pores and rejuvenates skin, improves circulation, relaxes aching muscles, cures insomnia, relieves rheumatism, rheumatic arthritis, back pain, asthma, bronchitis, and reduces stress. this unit has an extremely efficient, high-speed motor, which can produce spa-quality, professional steam quickly. a -minute sauna treatment will raise your heart rate by to , strengthening the cardiovascular system. the heat increases blood circulation, which enables the bloodstream to transport more nutrients to where the body needs it most. a healthy body will burn calories more efficiently so you'll lose weight more effectively. and you can customize your own personal health regimen with the fully-programmable, state-of-the-art lcd control panel. the panel's computer regulates every sauna function, including all the creature comfort controls. unit must be hardwired to a dedicated 220v line with gfci breaker electric voltage - 220v, 60hz electric current - 20a for steam generator steam generator - 3000w - overheat protection the steam generator will be shut down automatically if the temperature of the box gets too hot - no water protection if there is no water in the steam generator, it will shut down immediately comes with flexible drain hose comes with flexible hot and cold valve hot cold valve pipe size - inch corner unit: the unit must be backed up against the left and the back walls for easy access to components, there are no skirts on the left or back side for the unit. important note: it is the customer's responsibility to read the manual and specifications online to make sure this unit will work for their application. listed - click here to read more information on the safety of etl units like ul underwriters laboratories , an etl listed mark certifies that the product was tested by a nationally recognized testing laboratory nrtl and that it meets the widely accepted, minimum product safety standards. and just like the ul mark, the etl listed mark is recognized and endorsed by manufacturers, retailers, distributors, and authoritative bodies to be safe
__label__non_math	0.7566	software version number no guarantee of security prediction ... .billion computers, tablets and smartphones will be using android software in . photo: reuters the message is simple: don't trust android version numbers in vulnerability assessments. enterprises that rely on android version numbers to determine if bring-your-own mobile devices are patched and secure for enterprise use should think again, according to new research. usually, when a new version of android or any software is released, it is expected that flaws detected in older versions are fixed. for example, devices running android .should not contain flaws identified in .. but according to jon oberheide, chief technology officer at us-based enterprise security and authentication company duo security, that's not happening with android, and old bugs are being carried forward, hiding behind what should be secured versions. the company earlier this year released xray.io, a free android vulnerability scanner, which looks for software vulnerabilities in the core of android in a similar way the metasploit project works for desktops and servers. a probe of ,000 android devices across 140 countries revealed more than per cent were vulnerable to just eight publicly available attack tools. in cross-referencing his data with google data, oberheide estimates about per cent of devices were vulnerable to these same eight attack tools. the flaws were often unique to a particular version of android, such as a remote wiping vulnerability discovered last month, which affected a range of devices and versions of android. a security-conscious enterprise could manage the risk by excluding known vulnerable versions from accessing corporate networks, but this method was unreliable, oberheide said. "we came across a lot of examples where there was a later version number present on the device. say, it was .., yet there were still un-patched vulnerabilities ... from ..and so on." oberheide had not discovered why old flaws were being carried forward, but said a likely candidate was the android patch distribution model. software patches are implemented by google, shared with device manufactures but only released to end-devices by network carriers. he said one explanation could be device makers were distributing new "patched" versions of the operating system without actually including the fixes google had implemented. the underlying problem is the sheer number of device models hindering incentives for the android ecosystem to deliver patches. according to a recent study by opensignal, an android-based network signal monitoring service, there are some android devices on the market. carriers often struggle to release updates due to the cost of testing them against each configurations. testing is needed to ensure the patches don't break the devices and create a technical support nightmare for the carriers. android reached the market only in , but is now the dominant smartphone platform, controlling two-thirds of that global market. it has taken the no. spot in the fast-growing tablet computer market. so should android be simply banned from the enterprise? no, said oberheide, but organisations should weed out vulnerable devices. "if you are using duo or some other two-factor authentication product that offers the ability to use mobile devices as an authenticator, we can display that risk to you, we can allow you to define group policy," says oberheide.
__label__non_math	0.9979	simply begin typing or use the editing tools above to add to this article. once you are finished and click submit, your modifications will be sent to our editors for review. female finn dorset sheep that lived from to , the first successfully cloned mammal, produced by scottish geneticist ian wilmut and colleagues of the roslin institute, near edinburgh. the announcement in february of the world s first clone of an adult animal was a milestone in science, dispelling decades of presumption that adult mammals could not be cloned and igniting a debate... ...senior scientific officer at the animal breeding research organisation abro; renamed edinburgh research station of the institute of animal physiology and genetics research in and finally roslin institute in , a government-supported research facility located in roslin, scot., just south of edinburgh. at the abro facility, wilmut studied embryo development and became interested in... what made you want to look up "roslin institute"? please share what surprised you most...
__label__math	0.5775	rr lyrae stararticle free pass rr lyrae star, any of a group of old giant stars of the class called pulsating variables see variable star that pulsate with periods of about . day. they belong to the broad population ii class of stars see populations i and ii and are found mainly in the thick disk and halo of the milky way galaxy and often in globular clusters. there are several subclasses designated rra, rrb, rrc, and rrd based on the manner in which the light varies with time. the intrinsic luminosities of rr lyrae stars are relatively well-determined, which makes them useful as distance indicators. what made you want to look up "rr lyrae star"? please share what surprised you most...
__label__non_math	0.9281	edit this pagesorry, you don't have write access to this page. please note, you need to register an account to be able to edit pages on the ca web site, and some of the key pages are only editable by administrative users. view formatting code for this page tel:
__label__non_math	0.9890	the toadies' "play. rock. music." - article by: justin guinn erin manning - posted: having little knowledge of the toadies aside from a cd made by an ex-girlfriend featuring possum kingdom, i dove aimlessly into play.rock.music. , kirkland records , the band s fifth full-length album. instead of the expected mid-90s grunge and overstated themes, loud guitar distortion gives a solid knock on the door, exposing the toadies roots and reminding listeners that they re still pretty kick-ass. album opener rattles revival is a groovy jam with distant vocals and driving rhythm guitar. it s well put together, sparking curiosity as to what comes next on the album. this happens to be summer of the strange, the album s first single released in may on itunes, along with rattles revival , which starts out with a gripping bass line that carries the drum rhythm before the guitar rolls in to vocals asking, give me back control. though a great song by itself, it is best enjoyed with its mind-fuck of a music video, of which guitarist and singer vaden todd lewis summarized as, nudity, guns, explosions, leatherface, a zombie please, in his recent interview with brite revolution. magic bullet is an album standout featuring catchy, albeit grim lyrics, as well as a nice guitar solo, which serves to prepare listeners for the album love song, beside you. these four songs, along with a hard texas blues jam about human animality called animals, are pretty much the only ones worth listening to. the other songs utilize an overwhelming amount of distortion and yelling that lasts until the two closing songs, which are unlike any other on the album in the best possible way. we burned the city down clocks in at just under three minutes with an acoustic intro and lyrics demanding that -- you guessed it -- we burn the city down. then the band picks up and texas slips in with some lone star state-inspired guitar work that makes for a welcoming change in feel from the caterwauling of the previous songs. the other standout, which also happens to be the closer , the appeal, is the most well-thought-out track on the album. the band truly finds a groove on this one, creating a smooth song flow up and down the progression, with harmonious guitar and bass work throughout. lyrics like, i wish i could tell you, the way that i feel i know that i failed you, so i make my appeal, are revealing, taking over six minutes-which-might-as-well-be-to allow the listener plenty of time to get lost. it s one of those songs conjured to address whatever may be shaking your mind at the time -- truly a beauty. its placement as album closer puts a great final note on play.rock.music. leaving a lot of hope for the toadies next batch of new material.
__label__non_math	1.0000	bca puts you in control, with convenient locations and the car you want at a price you ll like. - you re never far from one of our auction centres, from scotland to the south-west. - choose from thousands of cars every week, at auction and online. - lots of major companies choose to buy and sell their cars with bca; many of them exclusively because of our exclusive relationships with leading vendors, you get access to a unique range of vehicles: - vehicles direct from the manufacturer - later model vehicles available from ex-fleet, finance and lease companies - part-exchange vehicles from dealers - budget and family models including mpvs - specialist marques in our top car and other prestige motor auctions it s easy to find what you re looking for with bca: - browse our sales catalogues to see what's coming up - register to use our website, where you can: - search our database of over ,000 auction vehicles by marque, model, mileage and more, - motor trade professionals can use exclusive auction view features, such as: - use our constantly updated price guides - store searches and receive email alerts when your target vehicles come onto the market - build your own catalogue of the vehicles you re targeting - track the particular vehicles you re interested in and print personalised catalogues - register for free email updates so you know what s happening and what s available in forthcoming auctions - familiarise yourself with the wide variety of vendors that choose to sell with bca visit a bca car auction the following centres hold regular car sales. select a centre to see its programme: if you re new to auctions, download our guide to buying and selling at auction, which is packed with practical tips. we're here to help our expert, experienced customer service team is ready to answer your questions phone 875
__label__non_math	0.9991	unissued unused material. united nations meeting. new york, america usa . various shots thomas dewey, standing with trygve lie and quo tai chi on each side, giving a speech at the opening of uno united nations organisation in new york. m s andrei gromyko sitting at table. chimps' tea party entertains visitors to london zoo. a look at some of the animals at london zoo and chessington zoo. material relating to newsreel story "who's who at zoo?" - . womens wrestling bout from a tiny village hall in hawkhurst, kent. chi-chi, the panda, is moving from london to moscow zoo. chi-chi the panda moves to a new enclosure in london zoo. red pandas at london zoo. an-an the russian panda arrives in britain and meets his reluctant mate chi-chi. london zoo.
__label__non_math	0.9935	the history of the british isles and its inhabitants, both human and canine, has long been entwined. breed reveals the enduring and affectionate relationship between the british people and their dogs and explores the very beginnings of pedigree dog breeding in britain. this is a "self delivery" pack which has been designed specifically for national science and engineering week . the science behind fingeprints is well known we have designed a fantastic scheme especially for national science engineering week called "toes for turf". the science behind fingerprints is well known. what is not so well known is the science behind footprints or "feet prints". this activity enables students to take, classify and "lift" both fingerprints and foot prints. as the research on footprints is meagre, this scheme will allow students to make some discoveries about the correlation or otherwise between fingerprints and feet prints. we will be running a science club for children from the junior school for weeks before science week. children will be working on projects designed by local scientists and making posters to show what they've done. a competition will be held and prizes will be given for the best posters and projects. during science week we'll have a science day for the whole school. local scientists will come to the school and we'll have science themed activities all day. imagine you are part of the team planning and designing the first manned mission to mars. your job is to investigate just one problem of the mission, and come up with an idea that might solve it. you re asked to create a poster, no bigger than a1-sized, to explain the problem and your idea. the idea can be anything you like, but it must be based on real-science. the competition is for years , , or . we can accept both individual and team entries. all posters must be received by us by 12th march . you can hand your posters in through participating schools and stem clubs. primary school competition - teams of four to prepare a minute demo and supporting display on the theme of inventions and discoveries. winning team from each school to compete at chipping campden school primary science conference on march 18th. an egg race type activity will also form part of the competition. a demo lecture will finish the proceedings.
__label__non_math	1.0000	poland has finally agreed on the technical specifications for its forthcoming dtt operation. satkurier reports that the country has opted for mpeg- h.264 avc for video and . mpeg- or ac- dolby digital and e-ac- dolby digital plus for audio, with details of its decision being passed on to the ec. if the ec approves the plans, they will be signed off by the polish minister of infrastructure at the end of june. poland plans to launch a dtt platform, initially consisting of a single multiplex, this september. satkurier adds that the country s office of electronic communications uke will launch an information campaign on digital receivers next week.
__label__non_math	0.9690	on the road with oprah and gayle in its new season, the oprah winfrey show is featuring a multi-part road-trip series, which follows oprah and her bff gayle king driving cross-country in a chevrolet and endlessly chanting that "see the u.s.a. in your chevrolet" line chevrolet must be loving this . so far, two parts of this series featured on tuesdays; the duo hit the road earlier this summer have aired. it's a sort of thelma and louise lite, complete with best-friend spats which seem a bit manufactured for the cameras unless gayle really is that annoying and of course they do reference the gay rumors , slumming it with the real peeps oprah visits dairy queen for the first time in years some of the scenes ring particularly false a desk clerk at a motel asks, where are you folks from? and doesn t seem to notice the camera crew following the pair . but the series does have postcard appeal: the scenery is pretty spectacular, particularly, so far, in colorado. and i am looking forward to the wedding crashers episode. come on, admit it: wouldn t you love it if oprah crashed your wedding? by rebecca stropoli
__label__math	0.5902	proteomics: everything you always wanted to know but were afraid to ask the videos and slides below, from the proteomics workshop, provide a working knowledge of what proteomics is and how it can accelerate biologists and clinicians research. the focus of the workshop is on the most important technologies and experimental approaches used in modern mass spectrometry ms -based proteomics. videos from day one cover: the essentials of the technology; the most important classes of proteomics experiments and the specific sample requirements for each; the software for proteomic data analysis and its proper use; quantitative ms approaches applicable to global proteome and post-translational modification ptm analyses, including metabolic labeling methods, chemical labeling approaches and label-free methods; and the basics of targeted, hypothesis-driven ms using multiple reaction monitoring ms. day two of the workshop used case studies to focus on the data produced by each of the key classes of proteomics experiments described on day one i.e., global proteomics, global ptm analysis; affinity proteomics and targeted, hypothesis-driven proteomics . data analysis approaches and statistical methods key to confident assignment of true differential proteins peptides were presented. finally, a primer on useful tools for annotation of the ms results and how to use these tools to extract knowledge, organize into pathways, etc. was given. day : technology, samples and experiments essentials of targeted hypothesis day : from lists to biological knowledge
__label__non_math	0.9682	mouse over the images to see the animations. currently only works in webkit safari . , etc . update october : now also works in firefox nightly builds. update december : opera .alpha now supported. blog post. no idea who the
__label__non_math	1.0000	i m a blunt getting smoked and i can t wake up. krs-one man, i had the worst dream last night. the yankees suffered the most lopsided loss in team history, falling -at home to the indians. i can t believe they gave up the two-pernt conversion. hold up. that was no dream. it was a nightmare. omar vizquel had six hits, tying an american league record for hits in a nine-inning game. esteban loiaza finished the game for the yanks. not wanting to be left out of the festivities, he was torched in the ninth, serving up two, three-run bombs. the angels scored a bunch of runs late but it wasn t enough to beat the red sox who won their seventh consecutive game. boston now trails the yankees by three-and-a-half games, and they are creepin closer. a mortified yankee team will look to rebound on wednesday night against the ace of the cleveland staff, c.c. sabathia. just what do the yankees need to do to get a good performance out of one of their starting pitchers? wait a minute, don t answer that. i m going back to bed.
__label__non_math	0.9860	there s no shortage of good boxing movies. we ve talked about that in the past. but what about laughs? welp, dig these two funny boxing scenes from the masters: charlie chaplin and buster keaton. watching them again, they are a decent example of how different chaplin and keaton were stylistically. first, from city lights: and from one of keaton s lesser features, the battling butler:
__label__non_math	1.0000	two weekends in september set aside for event bigler sports girls fastpitch will host a u-tournament for two weekends this september. the tournament will be held sunday, september 18th and sunday, september 25th at germantown high school. all play will follow modified asa rules with five games guaranteed and a pool play format. registration information is on the website and ends on . ashley webber is the director of bigler fastpitch softball and teaches all facets of the game. she is currently the head coach of the southeast wisconsin-based u12 midwest pride softball team. ashley is ace certified and has been playing coaching softball for over years. she is also the jv coach at brookfield east high school and a graduate of uw madison where she formed the uw fastpitch softball club. ashley says, i teach girls fastpitch because of the aha moment. when the kids finally get a hit, or throw a strike, all of the skills they have learned come together and it finally makes sense to them. that is the most gratifying thing that any teacher could ask for. for more information about any of bigler sports offerings go to ww.biglersports.com, or by calling kj bigler at 414-303- or email: firstname.lastname or jack plemons, at 414-531- or email: email bigler sports features four sport divisions: baseball, basketball, football and girls fastpitch softball. bigler baseball, the first division, was founded in with one very important and basic purpose: help athletes of all ages achieve the highest level of performance they are capable of. bigler camps, academies, free clinics for coaches and players, and individual coaching sessions are ongoing throughout the year. more information can be found online at: or on twitter at: or facebook at: your link to the biggest stories in the suburbs delivered thursday mornings. enter your e-mail address above and click "sign up now - spectrum communications hits the big - - children s medical grants now available in wisconsin from the unitedhealthcare children s foundation - welcome to first weber group... - hamilton announces april students of the month - feline superstars debut this weekend in new endangered species puzzles at zoo - free organic lawn care workshops this saturday - introduce a new member into your family culture this summer by hosting a student from spain - free elmbrook memorial "walk with a wheaton doc" - medical college of wisconsin open house - the c's of crystals: part
__label__non_math	0.9997	kiki smith: sojourn - dates: through - collections: contemporary art kiki smith: sojourn the notion of space has had a particular resonance for women artists throughout history. their artistic impulses have long been constrained, often because women have had neither the time nor a place to work creatively. in the british author virginia woolf s essay a room of one s own, she asserts that privacy and personal liberty are vital to the success of creative pursuits. space, therefore, is the key to artistic inspiration. the idea of how women found space for creative inspiration in the past is the point of departure for sojourn, this exhibition by kiki smith american, b. germany relating to the lives of women artists.smith s imagination was fired by a chance encounter with a reproduction of prudence punderson s eighteenth-century needlework the first, second, and last scene of mortality displayed nearby . in this remarkable piece, punderson outlines the course of a woman s life, with scenes of birth and death flanking a remarkable rendering of a young woman independently engaged in creative pursuits. for sojourn, smith has turned the long galleries of the elizabeth a. sackler center for feminist art into a series of intimate, domestically scaled rooms in which she introduces her lyrical and highly personal vocabulary of images. because women s lives traditionally have taken place in domestic settings, smith has expanded her installation into two eighteenth-century period rooms on this floor. like punderson s needlework, the sculptural vignettes, works on paper, and other objects within sojourn evoke the course of a woman s lifetime, marked by the struggles unique to female artists as well as the contemplative exhilaration that defines the moment of creative inspiration. in smith s hands, the annunciation the scene in which mary learns she will be mother to jesus becomes an analogy for this moment, linking artistic vision to spiritual experience. ultimately, sojourn suggests the creative potential of women limited by obligations and propriety as it explores smith s own ideas of how inspiration reveals itself in women s literal and metaphorical space. catherine j. morris curator, elizabeth a. sackler center for feminist art
__label__non_math	1.0000	posted in music on no laser photo via kelly rose the ny times reports: "...this was passover on e street, where fans clutched a customized haggadah featuring the singer's face emblazoned onto the cover; where an original song, "matzah ball," sung to the tune of mr. springsteen's "wrecking ball," made its debut; and where, in a city with many superfans of the band and many more jews, a group of devotees was able to have its holiday seder, and its springsteen, too.the setlist from last night's bruce springsteen the e-street band show at madison square garden, below... the idea came from warren rosen, , the owner of an insurance company who has attended about 200 springsteen shows, starting in at the nassau coliseum. he had no intention of missing mr. springsteen's opener at the garden because there wasn't enough time to travel from a seder at home to the concert. so mr. rosen, a native of massapequa park, on long island, booked a private room at the ainsworth prime, a restaurant on an upper level, and invited friends, of all faiths, on facebook. he also asked members of the springsteen band to join in before the show, and the saxophonist, jake clemons, the nephew of the late clarence clemons and a recent e street addition, dropped in and read from the haggadah..." bruce springsteen msg - - setlist we take care of our own out in the street death to my hometown my city of ruins jack of all trades shackled and drawn waitin' on a sunny day the promised land american skin shots we are alive born to run dancing in the dark tenth avenue freeze-out
__label__non_math	0.9996	no more piles of shoes by the door add seating and storage to your foyer or mudroom. add function to your home with this elegant and stylish entryway bench. this costumer hall tree is the perfect place to conveniently store your coats and jackets this beautiful ottoman bench has a versatile design that can be added to any d cor. contemporary, functional design makes the modern multi-purpose cabinet the perfect solution keep your floors free of mud, debris, and clutter. classic mahogany bench with fine detail. solid wood traditional coat rack with ample hanging space. this attractive storage bench offers great convenience unique designs and timeless beauty. stylish seating and storage in one handy piece. organize your coats while adding style to any home. add style and function to any room. add a bit of dimension and beauty to your decor with this round wall mirror. this highly absorbent boot tray is guaranteed to combat mud and moisture. white bench w brown rattan baskets are sure to provide a convenient seating without taking up too much precious space in your home. unique brass lamp delivers hours of hassle-free burn time.
__label__non_math	0.9998	rugged and designed for productivity, the pt- comes with everything you need for labeling large jobs onsite and on demand. rubber impact guards protect the pt- from bumps and rough handling, and the rechargeable battery with the bright backlight display lets you work where you need to. brother smart technology makes the pt- simple to use: just type and print a label or design custom label templates on a computer, download to the pt- and then quickly recall and print labels. link the label templates to a microsoft excel or access database, transfer files to the pt- and then print a label by simply searching on a key word and editing any field. comes with 164 industrial symbols or download a company logo or any graphics you would like to add to a label. includes software, strap, rechargeable battery, ac adapter, usb cable, tape and carrying case.
__label__non_math	0.9852	office of university communications from martha mitchell s encyclopedia brunoniana: marston boat house marston boat house was dedicated on . the former plant of the saltesea packing company at the foot of gano street just south of the washington bridge was purchased by the university in with funds given by hunter s. marston . after being remodelled, the boat house, brown s first adequate facility for the operation of a competitive rowing program, provided in addition to offices and room for storage of shells on the first floor, the e. john lownes jr. memorial lounge, furnished by classmates and friends of a former president of the brown rowing association, on the second floor, and a seven-room apartment for the coach on the third floor. in a by feet rowing tank to accommodate sixteen crew members at one time was erected adjacent to the boat house. the above entry appears in encyclopedia brunoniana by martha mitchell,
__label__non_math	1.0000	bears drop -decision to vanderbilt nashville, tn - after taking a -lead with four runs in the top of the fourth, the brown baseball team gave up seven runs in the next two innings, including six in the fifth, falling to vanderbilt -on saturday. the bears fall to -on the year and will complete the three-game series with the commodores on sunday at noon. senior paul christian went -with an rbi single in the fourth and a double in the eighth. sophomore jeff dietz went -with an rbi single in the fourth while sophomore ryan murphy, juniors bryan tews, eric larson, devin thomas and freshman steve daniels all tallied one hit apiece.freshman dan shapiro and tews drove in the bears other two runs on the day. senior shaun mcnamara suffered the loss on the mound, his second of the season.
__label__non_math	0.9992	click here to request a free copy. it is packed with photos and specifications for our full line of firearms, accessories, cases, knives, lights, gun safes and technical clothing. browning one browning place morgan utah browning . legal
__label__non_math	1.0000	we're sorry, no products were found for your search: try your search again using these tips: - double check the spelling. try varying the spelling. - limit the search to one or two words. - be less specific in your wording. sometimes a more general term will lead you to the similar products.
__label__non_math	0.9997	special counsel, sheppard, mullin, richter hampton , associate, paul, hastings, janofsky walker ; assistant united states attorney, central district of california, criminal division, government fraud and public corruption section . harvard law school j.d., , cum laude ; editor-in-chief, harvard journal on legislation ; stanford university b.a., political science, , departmental honors . law clerk, hon. richard a. gadbois, united states district court for the central district of california . american bar association's white collar crime committee; state bar of california's litigation section and criminal justice section; los angeles county bar association, criminal justice committee; los angeles county bar association foundation, board of directors ; federal bar association, los angeles chapter. california ; united states district court, central, southern, eastern and northern districts of california; united states court of appeals, ninth circuit. the following are a few of mr. white s representative matters: criminal and administrative investigations and prosecutions white collar investigations and prosecutions - represented heir accused of theft of deceased parent s social security benefits, leading to termination of investigation without charges. - represented heir accused of theft of deceased parent s veteran benefits, leading to probationary sentence. - represented businessman charged with money laundering and structuring financial transactions, yielding favorable outcome. - defended accountant in federal investigation of tax shelter fraud, leading to termination of investigation of client without charges. - successfully defended local politician accused of conflict of interest and misappropriation of public funds. - represented merchants accused of sale of counterfeit goods, resulting in favorable disposition. other criminal matters - represented inmate accused in videotaped prison riot, yielding acquittal at trial. - represented federal and state defendants in cases involving drug trafficking, immigration violations, assault, sexual assault, and theft. representation of professionals - represented physicians in medical board investigations, leading to termination of investigation without charges and other favorable resolutions. - defended accountant investigated in public corruption investigation, resulting in termination of investigation of client without charges. - represented tax preparer in major tax evasion prosecution, resulting in favorable disposition. first amendment and defamation issues - represented government employee in anti-slapp litigation regarding fraud investigation, resulting in plaintiff being ordered to pay client s legal fees. - represented science blogger threatened with slapp suit, resulting in complete vindication for blogger and abandonment of threatened suit. - represented hotel owner in trial court and court of appeal in anti-slapp litigation over owner s participation in zoning process. - represented pharmaceutical company in anti-slapp litigation in federal court. - advised numerous clients, including bloggers, regarding consequences of anti-slapp statute on proposed defamation suits. representation of professionals - represented physicians in wrongful termination suits, resulting in satisfactory settlements. - represented physician in fraud litigation against perpetrators of investment scam. fraud and misconduct by fiduciaries - represented shareholder in closely-held corporation in litigation alleging embezzlement by majority shareholder. - represented court-appointed receiver in suit alleging breach of fiduciary duty against law firm. - represented real estate joint venture partner in suit alleging fraud and misconduct against partner. complex fraud litigation - represented insurance agents in series of fraud and professional negligence suits brought against insurance companies and agents based upon health insurance policies. - represented real estate developers in multiple suits alleging fraud and mismanagement of investments. - represented consumer electronics manufacturer in suit alleging fraud and misappropriation of goods by lender. - represented healthcare corporation in large-scale qui tam suit alleging medicare fraud. - represented businessman in suit alleging fraudulent transfer of assets to evade judgment. securities fraud matters - represented numerous targets, subjects, and witnesses in sec investigations. - defended studio executive accused of lying to government in course of sec investigation. - defended general partner in a million real estate mortgage case involving allegations of securities fraud. - represented individuals and entities in sec civil case seeking disgorgement of invested funds. - represented businesses and individuals accused of sexual harassment. - conducting training for local government entities on preventing sexual harassment. - investigated misappropriation of shipping company s resources for drug smuggling, successfully reinstating company s u.s. customs status. - conducted internal investigation of national charity accused of defrauding local governments on services contracts, and resolved government investigation favorably to the charity. - represented clients in wrongful death, personal injury, wrongful termination, and other matters.
__label__non_math	0.9998	bandar seri begawan - the project to build the new women and children clinic of ripas hospital is ahead of schedule. the contractors have completed .per cent of the new block compared to an expected .per cent, the minister of health, pehin orang kaya johan pahlawan dato seri setia awg hj adanan bin begawan pehin siraja khatib dato seri setia awg hj mohd yusof said yesterday after a site visit. the new block is scheduled to be completed in march and will have nine floors which will house obstetric wards, paediatric ward onco haemoto , paediatric ward general , doctors' offices, pediatric ward hdu picu , day ward, neonatal ward, labour ward, clinic and public area and first-class ward. the new block will accommodate 382 beds as well as basement car parks. pehin orang kaya johan pahlawan dato seri setia awg hj adanan visited the work site to identify any issues and obtain feedbacks from ministry officials and the contractors to ensure that the project runs smoothly and that the new block meets the building specifications. during the visit by his royal highness prince haji al-muhtadee billah, the crown prince and senior minister at the prime minister's office in june , it was highlighted that the project will include two floors of basement parking with direct exit to the hassanal bolkiah highway. the service road will be constructed to ease traffic jam as well as upgrade the entry and exit road of the hospital. the scope of work includes formulating a one-way road system at ripas hospital to ease the traffic flow. obstetric service staff received ,851 patients in , while paediatric service staff received about ,298 patients, which are far greater than any other services. the women and children clinic aims to reduce this burden. the bed capacity in the children's ward will be increased by per cent, while the number of bed in the maternity ward will be increased by up to per cent.--courtesy of borneo bulletin
__label__non_math	0.9821	what s at stake: now that they've finished their health-care bill, us house leaders are turning their attention to the soaring unemployment rate. house leaders have asked key committee chairmen to offer up proposals that would be compiled into a single larger piece of legislation, with a goal of bringing a "jobs bill" to a house vote before the christmas break. president obama also announced that he will convene a jobs summit at the white house next month. in its latest economic outlook released on thursday, the oecd warned that unemployment is set to continue to rise well into and to fall only modestly the following year from a peak of over per cent. daniel gross says that the job market will rebound sooner than you think. one reason to hope is the latest data on productivity which, in the third quarter, rose at a .percent annual rate. just as investors and businesspeople don't believe things could ever go wrong at the peak of the boom, they have difficulty imagining things can get better at the trough of the bust. and so they respond to rising demand not by hiring new employees but by coaxing existing employees to work harder. but just as hamsters can run only so fast on their treadmills, there are limits to productivity growth. and companies won't have any choice but to hire should the economy expand in the fourth quarter at the same .percent annual rate it did in the third quarter. antonio fatas says that although . is a very large number, we have seen similar patterns before, for example in the 1981q3. six or seven quarters after the recession had started; productivity was growing at rates which are very similar to what we are seeing now. there is, however, a big difference between the two: in the 1981q3 recession, we saw gdp growth rates close to quarter to quarter seven quarters after the recession started. paul krugman says that it s time to try something different. and the experience of other countries suggests that it s time for a policy that explicitly and directly targets job creation. the usual objection to european-style employment policies see a good example here by gary becker is that they re bad for long-run growth as they prevent the reallocation of workers from declining to expanding industries. but right now, workers who lose their jobs aren t moving to the jobs of the future; they re entering the ranks of the unemployed and staying there. long-term unemployment is already at its highest levels since the 1930s, and it s still on the rise. we therefore need policies that address the job issue more directly by subsidizing jobs and promoting work-sharing. john bishop of the economic policy institute makes the case for a job-creation tax credit. the federal government has not tried this kind of policy since the 1970s. but the record of that policy gives hope that a temporary tax credit could help solve our unemployment problems today as they estimate that this temporary credit would increase employment by .million by the end of and would only cost the federal government ,000 per full-time equivalent job. here s how the credit could work, at least according to the proposal bishop wrote: employers would have to expand their payrolls on net to qualify for the credit, in order to prevent companies from simply firing and rehiring people. they would then receive a percent rebate on any increase in their wage bill over their level. firms would also receive a percent rebate for the increase of their wage bill over the wage bill. alan blinder says that the more he dwells on these things, the better direct public-service employment sounds. there are three major ways for firms to exaggerate the number of new jobs created in order to receive the tax credit. one is to fire peter and hire paul. this problem can be fixed by awarding the tax credit only for net increases in headcount above, say, last year's base. a second gimmick is replacing one full-time worker by two half-time workers. that loophole can be plugged by applying the tax credit to total payroll costs, rather than to headcount. making these fixes will however render the tax credit irrelevant to many firms that cut back their employment sharply during the recession. and what about new firms, which have no "last-year's base"? but if we allow new firms to claim the credit, clever people will create new firms in droves.
__label__non_math	1.0000	- special sections - public notices to the editor: i read with interest your front-page article in a recent paper, middle school to be named cedar grove. i first want to say thank you to scott milligan and shirley babson for their commitment to all of the people in the lockwood folly community who will have children and grandchildren attending the soon-to-be-new middle school. too bad mr. hobbs was not as committed to his original thoughts on naming the school. if you currently subscribe or have subscribed in the past to the brunswick beacon, then simply find your account number on your mailing label and enter it below. click the question mark below to see where your account id appears on your mailing label. if you are new to the award winning brunswick beacon and wish to get a subscription or simply gain access to our online content then please enter your zip code below and continue to setup your account.
__label__math	0.9903	members of a task force proposing regulations for recreational marijuana in colorado approved recommendations tuesday that would allow for marijuana tourism but block out-of-state pot shop owners. the amendment implementation task force voted to allow people from outside of colorado to shop in forthcoming retail marijuana stores, although the amount they could purchase at any one store would be limited. the goal is to prevent "smurfing," which would occur when one person goes from store-to-store accumulating marijuana to then sell into the black market. the thinking is that lowering the amount of marijuana an out-of-stater could buy in any one store would make smurfing too time-consuming to be worthwhile. the task force also approved recommendations that recreational marijuana stores only be owned by colorado residents. people would have to live in the state for two years to be considered residents.
__label__non_math	1.0000	news from the hilltop for immediate release birmingham-southern college approved as full active member of ncaa division iii birmingham, ala. the ncaa division iii management council this week approved birmingham-southern college as a full active member in intercollegiate athletics effective . the announcement ends a five-year reclassification process for the bsc athletics program from ncaa division i to division iii. active membership means that all of the college's men's and women's varsity sports teams will be eligible for ncaa division iii championships beginning with the upcoming academic year and that the college has a vote at the annual ncaa convention. bsc also will be eligible for southern collegiate athletic conference postseason tournament championships this year. "no institution in the history of intercollegiate athletics has taken the journey birmingham-southern has the past years," said joe dean jr., bsc's director of athletics. "from the naia to ncaa division i and now a full member of ncaa division iii, it is an amazing story marked with achievements on the playing fields and courts and in the classroom. "we believe we have the best student-athletes, coaches, and facilities in all of ncaa division iii, and we fully expect to continue winning championships and graduating young men and women of great promise and character for many years to come." "this is an important day for our athletics programs," said birmingham-southern president gen. charles c. krulak. "transitions in any venture can be challenging, but our athletics administration, our coaches, and our scholar-athletes completed this five-year journey with great integrity and enthusiasm. "we are looking forward to a long and successful association with ncaa division iii and competing against like-minded institutions where competitive athletics are integrated into the whole of the educational experience." birmingham-southern competes in varsity sports for men and women, including men's and women's basketball, cross country, golf, lacrosse, soccer, tennis, and indoor and outdoor track and field, and baseball, football, softball, and volleyball. bsc's athletics teams already have demonstrated success in the southern collegiate athletic conference. the men's basketball team won the scac regular season championship this past winter, and the baseball team, for the third consecutive season in , won the eastern division of the scac. also during spring , the women's golf team finished the season ranked in the top among all ncaa division iii golf teams, the women's softball team won the scac eastern division title, and the men's lacrosse team advanced to the finals of the scac tournament in only its third year of existence. on , birmingham-southern will become a member of a new athletics conference that includes berry college, centre college, hendrix college, millsaps college, oglethorpe university, rhodes college, and sewanee: the university of the south.
__label__non_math	1.0000	registration opened on . registration is closed. the details are here for your information. all prices in canadian dollars. - each additional person from the same corporation. - you must provide valid student id when picking up your registration pack. - you must provide valid id from university of ottawa when picking up your registration pack. how will registration work? registration is a step process: you will get two emails from bsdcan. the first email indicates that your registration information has been received it should arrive almost immediately after you complete step . the second will arrive after we have received notification of your payment usually with hours . your registration process is not completed until you receive the confirmation email from bsdcan that indicates everything has been paid in full i.e. the second email . note: if you are paying by cheque, it may take -days to process your payment. your second email will not arrive until after your cheque has cleared. bsdcan offers several payment methods. there is a bit more information here .
__label__non_math	1.0000	la 605 - comprehensive landscape faculty-directed landscape architectural planning and design problems and projects. student-initiated components in concentration area leading to thesis creative project development. weekly peer reviews and interim public presentation will be required in the course of development of the thesis or creative project. prerequisite: advisor selected for the thesis or creative project and proposal developed; la 651, 653, and 604; or departmental permission. college: architecture and planning prerequisite: la 604 prerequisite: la 651 prerequisite: la 653
__label__non_math	0.9998	every year around this time, marketers, industry pundits and vendors begin to speculate about the coming year. marketing solutions provider message systems this month released six predictions for . carrie scott, director-product and direct marketing, and john pinson, senior manager-content marketing, explained what message systems' predictions will mean for b2b email marketers in the coming year. email has been the workhorse for so long that now it's time for marketers to find a way to use email with social, scott said. yes, social is very influential and is an incredible way of having a dialogue; but you need to use email in conjunction with it as a way to go cross-channel in order to continue that conversation. recently, pinson said, message systems started promoting a webinar with social and email, and the sign-ups have topped the 300 mark. typically, they max out at 100 when the company focuses solely on one channel. message systems did a survey earlier this year and expected to find that marketers were moving away from email; but survey respondents said they were planning to invest almost as much in email as in previous years. the take-away: you'll need to be investing in email in since your competitors surely are. marketing channel and engagement benchmark survey, conducted online in september, polled 100 message systems customers and digital marketing professionals. several analysts recently released reports that said marketers want more control not just over content but databases. they want to be able to leverage their data, scott said. marketers will need to allocate time to find the right tools and platforms to allow this to happen, she said. email marketers say they have been doing this for years creating preference centers pinson said. however, the message system study found that only of marketers actually have preference centers. this will need to change because subscribers are demanding control, he said. again, this is something email marketers have been hearing about for years: removing silos between marketing groups to provide a more cohesive message to subscribers no matter how they engage. siloed information makes it impossible to have that true conversation with the customer, scott said. if your company is still siloed, now may be the time to broach breaking down barriers and creating a cohesive marketing unit, she said. marketers have been designing for mobile users for several years now. however, scott said, this may be the year more people access email on mobile rather than desktops. this means your focus should shift more toward mobile design and marketing, she said. you have to design first for the small screen, she said. you can't design just for mouse clicks and extensive keyboard support.
__label__non_math	1.0000	one of the least appreciated, and still relatively undeveloped, values of social media is support of channel partners. for large companies that rely on an array of resellers, social media can be an attractive two-way street. original equipment manufacturers can't do social programs for their partners, of course, but there's a flip side, said jeff mesnik, president of content management company contentmx. if i'm microsoft, for example, i can get benefit from my resellers who write original content about their customers' use of my products. then, as the mothership, why wouldn't i promote my partners' content on my own blog and reward them with links back to their websites? mesnik said. the power of social for channel partners is that they can establish more mutually beneficial relationships with their manufacturers. one of the most active companies in support of its channel partners is cloud and virtualization computing company vmware inc., which offers turnkey marketing campaigns, content and social marketing training to its ,000 resellers. most of our partners are solution providers who are ready to sell, not to market, said toni adams, vp-global partner and alliances marketing at vmware. so what vendors typically struggle with is how to make it very easy for their channel partners who have little or no know-how or time to build a pipeline and convert customers. social media is part of the portfolio of things we offer to partners. vmware's partner-ready campaigns are offered through its platform, the vmware grid. there, partners choose the topic they're interested in, their target audiences and other elements, and the campaign is preassembled for them. content can be co-logoed, and materials are distributed through the platform. vmware also offers social media syndications for partners, a platform through which participating resellers can receive up to pieces of content for social distribution. it also sponsors social media 101 webcasts for its resellers, among other initiatives. resellers that are active in social media can become quite valuable to their suppliers. altico advisors is a reseller of microsoft corp. customer relationship management and enterprise resource planning solutions. marketing director marcia doron, an active blogger on independent sites that focus on these products, has caught the attention of microsoft. i belong to the crm software blog and the erp software blog, and these have become extremely visible to microsoft, doron said. the company often goes to these blogs to get its own content. in fact, microsoft has started mirroring some of these blog sites, republishing many of their posts. doron said microsoft hasn't yet done much to supply altico or other resellers with content and that her major social liaisons are with fellow resellers. however, if she thinks that one of her blog posts may be attractive to microsoft, she'll send it to her partner account manager there, who might tweet it out. channel partners represent an army of people who are online and marketing themselves, said omri duek, product marketing manager at visible technologies, a social media analytics company. but they're also part of an oem's sales pipeline. we're seeing a lot of companies taking interest in helping resellers leverage this army of people via social. duek recommends that oems focus on their most socially influentially channel partners and reward them with recognition. social is ego-driven, duek said. when an oem gets publicity via the channel, it can reach out to the reseller and say, "it's great to hear you're selling our gear.' and the reseller then will say, "wow, we're getting attention,' and will retweet the oem's post.
__label__non_math	0.9992	two years ago, the services division of avaya inc. had no shortage of customer data. sales representatives at the global communications company could sit down and sift through customer information spread across about six databases, tapping into everything from the types of systems that customers ran to contract renewal dates and shipments of spare parts. but the disparate data sets lacked organization and did little to help the sales team navigate complex, multipronged opportunities. marketers could target campaigns around customers who shared one data point, but could not target segments within that group, said pat patterson, director of services marketing. we weren't able to correlate things, he said. even though we had access to data and could run campaigns, they were blunt instruments. we were driving campaigns, but they were more broad than targeted in nature. the company implemented a sales enablement tool a microsoft access database that served two purposes. it aggregated data and presented the sales team with an easy-to-use, color-coded interface that made it easy to search customer information and then drill down to identify any number of opportunities with one customer, said troy behrends, sales operations leader. the tool also allowed marketers to identify trends and segment its customers based on service needs. customers who needed to renew three service contracts, for example, would get an email about those extension offers near the end of the contract. the language that we use can be very targeted, and you get a much higher return rate, patterson said. marketing began to use the tool to send targeted emails. sales followed up with the customers identified in those campaigns, using the database to easily understand the complexities of a customer account and to identify additional opportunities to upsell, renew contracts or add services. the shift contributed to customer satisfaction, behrends said. combining the data allowed us to service the customer in a much better and more efficient way, because we had the full picture of what they have and what they do not have . within the first three months of implementation, the system catalyzed a more than increase in the number of both qualified and also committed opportunities. closed deals more than doubled. the performance has not wavered, patterson said, and the company, which had launched the system only in the united states, rolled the practice out globally.
__label__non_math	0.9998	thanks to a scheduling conflict involving the ncaa tournament, iowa fans will get one more chance to be thrilled by the heroics of matt gatens. mandatory credit: brian spurlock-us presswire the nit is a polarizing event in that it means very different things to different programs. for teams with serious ncaa tournament hopes like washington and seton hall, the nit might be something of a consolation prize that acts as a reminder that they came so darn close to the big dance. for iowa, however, at least for this season, the nit invitation was treated with great regard. "it's incredible," gatens said. "you don't want to take the jersey off. you want to keep playing. it's a great opportunity to continue to play, wear the hawkeye uniform, try to keep winning and chase a championship." thanks to a rough start to the season that included losses to campbell and northern iowa, the hawkeyes didn't come into big ten play with many postseason aspirations. however, under coach fran mccaffery's leadership, iowa greatly improved over the course of the season and earned victories over some of the best teams in the country. "we are absolutely thrilled," mccaffery said. "i'm so proud of our guys and how they persevered and grew throughout the season. we have a phenomenal leader and captain in matt gatens and we got great play from bryce cartwright. our young guys really developed throughout the course of the season." one of those young guys,freshman forward aaron white, talked to the cleveland plain-dealer about what he has to do to get better for next season. "i came in with the mind-set of wanting to make an impact on this team. i think i did that. maybe not as consistently early on as i think i could have, but it's a learning process. and i think i learned from every game, every practice. but this is a big off-season for me, and there's a lot to work on because i'm not nearly close to where i want to be. but you have to go through it. you have to play the games and get the mind-set of really learning what to do... if i'm going to be playing the power forward next season, which i think coach probably wants me to, i have to get a lot stronger, and that showed tonight. draymond green and adreian payne are big dudes. you can't go down there soft. so i'll put on weight and get more explosive." of course, iowa kind of lucked out by being a seed in the field and getting to play seed dayton. had iowa been matched up with any other seed in the nit, it would have to play its first game on the road. however, ud arena in dayton is being used to host the first round of the ncaa tournament on tuesday and wednesday nights, the same two nights as the nit first round. that means that iowa gets a break and an extra chance for hawkeye fans to send off the senior gatens. "it means a lot to have another chance to play in carver," said gatens, "it ll be great to go out with a win and to play in front of the fans again and in front of the family on that court." win or lose, it will be the last iowa game at carver-hawkeye arena this season. should iowa win, it will travel to face the winner of the lsu vs. oregon game. iowa vs. dayton is scheduled for tuesday night at ct and will be on espn.
__label__non_math	1.0000	alumni friends reception at acs: the chemistry department invites alumni, faculty, and students to a reception during the fall national meeting exposition of the american chemical society in boston, ma. join us for an evening of light appetizers, drinks, and good conversation and a chance to catch up with friends at the westin waterfront hotel beside the boston convention center. to attend, please register at the bu alumni website before august 16th. please e-mail katinka csigi.
__label__non_math	0.9800	just watching sunrise since it's such a reliable source of info there was a story about mariah carey drinking beer while breastfeeding authories docs were going to see about the welfare of the children. is this normal? i know drinking is bad while bf i never had any but is it a docs issue? i did also see interview with her hubby saying their mw suggested a sip of it cause it's help with something i forget actual facts
__label__non_math	0.9998	by mike handley soon after terry poland and his -year-old son, joshua, scaled the double ladder stand in corcordia parish, la., the kid began thinking out loud. "daddy, any bucks i kill from now on he'd taken seven or eight deer in the four years leading up to then , i want a skull mount. i think those look cool," he said. "sure, son," terry agreed. before the sun set, joshua forgot all about the coolness of skull mounts. the polands were hunting the same club where, as a guest, joshua shot his first doe when he was years old. terry had joined the club in , mainly because it's only an hour's drive from their home near delhi. plus, they attend church with a longtime member. that was their first time to hunt together this season, and they hadn't been in the stand long when a buck knifed through the palmettos on the other side of a cypress brake they were watching. after staring at it for a long time, terry finally decided it was at least an -pointer, which is the club's minimum, and told joshua he could shoot it. finding it in the palmettos afterward took awhile, but when they did, they were amazed. what both guys had figured for a barely legal -pointer had morphed into a 200-plus-incher. "we had no idea ... none ... that the buck was this big," terry said. "i thought it was an - or -pointer, probably 140 or 145 inches." the polands might have been new faces in the club, but the deer was no stranger to some of its members. two hunters had trail cam photos of the strange buck; one even had video footage. another hunter had passed up the deer earlier because he just couldn't verify that it was an -pointer until it was too late. joshua is a sixth-grader at family community christian school near winnsboro, la. dates to remember march -: if you're interested in becoming a buckmasters scorer, the next measuring class will be held during circle m auctions' 11th annual whitetail classic sport show and antler auction in dubuque, iowa's grand river center. you'll have to pre-register for the class. this rare opportunity aside, the show attracts truckloads of antlers and serious collectors. for information about the class and to download the pre-registration forms, click here.
__label__non_math	0.9922	transferable knowledge and a range of intellectual abilities drawn from different modes of inquiry across disciplines are essential components of any liberal education. these courses help students develop important academic capacities for use during their undergraduate career and in the rapidly-changing world they will enter after college. one writing-intensive w-course in the fall of the first year students will develop writing, reading, speaking, listening, and information literacy skills necessary for collegiate-level academic work. students will develop capacities for independent academic work and become self-regulated learners. one course from the list of designated courses students will develop a unified understanding of scientific theory and practice in modern natural science. students will demonstrate an understanding of the development of science as an intellectual pursuit and of the ways in which scientific ideas are formulated, modified, and come to be accepted. students will demonstrate skill in the application of scientific techniques and methods, including the collection, analysis, and interpretation of data, and communication of results. one course from the list of designated courses; not required for class of students will study language as a complex multifunctional phenomenon - as a system for communicating thought and information and as an essential element of human thought processes, perceptions, and self-expression - that allows students to understand different peoples and their communities. students will examine the world, their own culture, and their own language through the lens of a foreign language and culture. integrated perspectives course one team-taught interdisciplinary course taken during the sophomore year from the list of designated courses; not required for class of students will recognize, construct, and evaluate connections among different intellectual methods, ways of learning, and bodies of knowledge.
__label__non_math	1.0000	send your news, photos and videos by texting bucksfreepress to or email blues hope dead leg doesn't kill mcclure hopes of facing city wanderers boss gareth ainsworth hopes top scorer matt mcclure recovers from a dead leg in time to face exeter city tomorrow after singing the striker s praises for his winning goal on saturday. a clinical strike from the -year-old ensured a return to winning ways for wycombe as mcclure s early goal was enough for all three points from their weekend trip to plymouth argyle. it keeps up mcclure s ratio of scoring more than a goal every other game, but the northern ireland u21 international failed to last the full minutes at home park as a dead leg forced him off. after the game ainsworth was glowing in his praise for the striker, saying he was being repaid for the faith he had shown in the youngster. the blues boss said: hopefully i ll have a big say in matt mcclure s career. he ll be a big player. he s a natural born finisher and there s not many about. ever since i came to wycombe two and a half years ago i ve looked at matt and thought, that kid can finish . he s one of the best finishers at the club and he s proven that week in, week out. i ve always believed in matt. he ll get his name in the papers and the headlines but he ll be the first to thank the rest of the lads for making his goal the winning goal. referring to his injury, ainsworth said: he had a dead leg from a corner it s not another hamstring. he slipped and got a dead leg. he must have had a hell of a whack because usually you can run them off. wanderers will have fresh attacking options even if mcclure fails to recover, with joel grant back from suspension and ainsworth confident dean morgan will be fit enough to face exeter. mcclure was replaced at plymouth by ade azeez, who himself had just returned from injury. his injury curtailed loan spell from charlton comes to an end after the new year s day game, although ainsworth has not said if he plans to extend the deal. but he said: i m sure there will be more from ade to come.
__label__non_math	1.0000	post adress, e-mail, customer service, luggage informations and all important contact of the airport. like us and get first all the new informations about airport. please tell us what you think about the services at the airport, so that we can improve them. traffic revenues for airlines, databanks for business partners and some detailed informations about the airport. monthly newsletter which include all news about marketing activities, airport services and new routes. all facts, history, ownership, community, environment and news avalible here. bud airport dangerous items fast check-in hand luggage lost baggage vip services
__label__non_math	1.0000	buffalo: city of sex offender neighbors? blog by s.j. velasquez all across america, the rules regarding where a registered sex offender can cannot reside vary. in buffalo, sex offenders are allowed to live in .percent of the city s total area which makes sense because buffalo is dotted with parks, playgrounds, schools and other venues that sex offenders must avoid when looking for a place to live. but a study published in clinical psychiatry news unveiled some startling stats, including some unexpected details regarding residency trends among erie county s sex offenders. for being limited to just a teeny-tiny .percent of the city, more than percent of the county s sex offenders live within the city walls. forensic psychiatrist dr. jacqueline a. berenson and a team of researchers compiled data from the new york state department of cyber security, expecting to find that erie county s sex offenders would largely flock to the burbs and rural areas where there are fewer restricted zones. nope. not the case at all. the county s sex offenders, the researchers found, were mainly living right in the city of buffalo. and among the percent of erie county sex offenders, percent reside in restricted zones. hide yo kids, hide yo wife.
__label__non_math	0.9996	what are industrial development zones? industrial development zones idzs are part of an initiative by the department of trade and industry to boost exports and jobs. idzs aim to encourage economic growth by attracting foreign investment in industrial development. idzs are geographically designed, purpose-built industrial sites that are linked to a port or airport, and are specifically designed to attract new investment in export-driven industries. the intention is to support these industries with world-class infrastructure, services and logistics networks. idzs will have: - a customs-secured area with its own south african revenue services personnel to provide support on customs and excise requirements. this will be a delimited area with entrance and exit points controlled by customs officials. - an industrial and services area, for service and supply industries supporting large manufacturers in the custom-secured area, with top-notch industrial and office park environments. - a one-stop centre to facilitate regulatory procedures and requirements. the department of trade and industry says the idz programme is designed to facilitate the international competitiveness of south african-based manufacturing. the implementation of the programme involves the government providing demand-driven infrastructure. the objective of this provision, says the department, is to attract investment as well as to make the locations ideal for exporting, while permitting private operators the right to develop and operate a zone. where are they? by april , the coega and east london idzs had received their operator's permits; and the johannesburg international airport and richards bay idzs had been designated. other sites earmarked for idzs include durban, saldanha and richmond. industrial development zone by april , east london was south africa's first operational idz and it had already attracted investments. construction work had begun on site works for wesiengold, the german brewery, and the german condom maker, condomi-africa. together, these investments had a value of more than r400-million. seven to eight other projects were currently under negotiation, worth about r4,-billion. the east london idz offers prime sites in industrial areas close to the port. the east london development zone corporation has been given a licence by the government to operate on the west bank of the buffalo river in the buffalo city metropole. according to the east london development zone corporation, there are 500 hectares of prime land available for the initiative. the land is located next to the port, the n2 and the airport. the land is generally unoccupied and 570 hectares are already owned by buffalo city municipality. by march , hectares were already being serviced and two manufacturers had committed to development. the customs-secured area, which will be paid for by r100-million in local government funding, is due to open in mid-. the figures behind elidz the income generated by the zone is expected to be in excess of r1,834-billion by . the elidz is expected to generate about 000 jobs in the next years. the multiplier effect is eight indirect jobs created for each direct job. idzs offer direct cost savings eg tax breaks, assistance with establishment of businesses and operational efficiency benefits. while all companies that invest in an idz will be subject to south africa's environmental and labour laws, investors will benefit from duty-free imports of capital goods and inputs, plus vat suspension for supplies procured in south africa. apart from national investment incentives, local governments can grant special incentives eg subsidised water or land . see the department of labour's site for a full list of benefits. the east london idz corporation has awarded a r80-million deal for the construction of external infrastructure. - about 10km of arterial roads will be built. - bulk electricity will be supplied by april . - potable and industrial water will be available. the east london-gauteng rail link still demands that freight trains switch between diesel and electrified locomotion four times in one trip. however, the government has said it will be upgrading rail links and this will probably include electrifying the gauteng-east london link. the port of east london has been undergoing developments and public enterprises minister jeff radebe recently announced that r12,-million would be spent on dredging and deepening the west quay of the east london port. click here for the national ports authority site
__label__non_math	1.0000	tifft nature preserve, fuhrmann blvd., will host tree-topia time to read barnes noble, transit road, clarence, will hold star wars reads day from a.m. to p.m. saturday. events will include star wars story time at a.m.; a star war costume contest for kids at noon; a character meet and greet at p.m. and an adult costume contest at p.m. for more information, call 634-. cepa gallery is looking for smartphone photos to stream throughout the market arcade building during its visions of greater buffalo gala and auction. send in a shot of your best color vision of greater buffalo no people or pets to firstname.lastname photos must be jpeg digital format, at least ,000 pixels and no larger than 5mb. deadline for submissions is oct. for more information, visit or call 856-. the penn dixie paleontological and outdoor education center in hamburg will present an astronomy night at p.m. saturday to view a variety of constellations. cost is ; children and under free. for information, visit or call 627-. new exhibit opens the buffalo museum of science, humboldt parkway, will open a permanent interactive science studio, our marvelous earth, at a.m. saturday. the exhibit will include a wind chamber and much more. for more information, visit comics and more the buffalo and erie county public library will hold its fourth annual comics fest from a.m. to p.m. saturday at the central library, lafayette square. the free event will include presentations by illustrators, workshops, a trivia contest and more. for information, call 858- or visit the buffalo comicon will be held from a.m. to p.m. sunday at the buffalo niagara marriott, millersport highway, amherst. the event will feature an artist alley, a costume contest, free comics, a star wars re-enactment and a visit from graham nolan, the creator of bane. for information, visit family film series the keybank sunday family film series will feature the amazing spider-man pg- at p.m. sunday at the riviera theatre, webster st., north tonawanda. cost is . for tickets or information, call 692- or visit
__label__non_math	0.9999	clarence, w.s. west crowned bryan jost scored points, distributed five assists and took home mvp honors in the amherst tournament as clarence beat the host school, -, in boys basketball. bobby florio was also in the giving mood with eight assists to earn all-tournament honors, while luke craven added nine points and six rebounds. alex turecki scored points for amherst. elsewhere, nick clancy led all scorers with points, including a pair of three-pointers, to lift west seneca west to a -triumph over pioneer and the championship of the pioneer motorsport tournament. clancy earned mvp honors. catholic wins park tourney in girls basketball, tournament mvp danielle devole had points and rebounds and marina campbell scored in niagara catholic s -win over park in the title game of the park tournament the patriots had a nine-point lead heading into the fourth quarter then held back a furious rally by park. starpoint s erica bradley and jennifer faulker led the spartans to the roy-hart tournament championship by beating tonawanda, -. bradley was named the tournament s mvp after scoring points, while faulkner added points to earn all-tourney honors. sweet home beats lew-port sweet home remained unbeaten at -after connor zak fired in the game-winner in the panthers, -, victory over lew-port in wny federation boys hockey. in a non-league matchup, mike santamaria scored the winner to lift clarence to a -triumph over mamaroneck. north tonawanda goalie kyle painter recorded the shutout, while marty clark scored two goals and added an assist and andrew walck and curtis swan added a goal each in the lumberjacks -romp over amherst.
__label__non_math	0.9993	lockport a five-year contract that will see all members begin to pay a portion of their health insurance premiums has been ratified by the town of lockport s unit of the civil service employees association. the deal also includes five years of pay increases totaling .percent, the same figure included in a previous contract agreement that union members rejected aug. . the town board is to vote today on the contract, which was approved monday by the members of unit , of whom are full-time employees. it s a good contract for both sides, said town supervisor marc r. smith. he said he doesn t expect any trouble winning town board approval for the pact. the workers won t begin to pay a share of health premiums until , and then it will be only .percent. in , the proportion rises to percent. the town changed from their percent stance, said rob mootry, csea local 832 labor relations specialist. we didn t get all we wanted, but that s negotiations. the contract the sides thought they had reached in august included a percent share of the health insurance costs for workers this year, percent in and percent each year after that. smith said the town felt it was important that union members feel the impact of the annual health insurance cost increases that the town has been grappling with for years. the town s newer employees already know that. those hired since are already paying percent of their health premiums. smith said that proportion will not rise under the terms of the new deal. from to , the town s insurance costs rose .percent, from 302,000. smith said the town anticipates some savings, but the figure won t be known until the insurance bill arrives. the pay increases are percent this year, retroactive to jan. ; percent in ; .percent in ; and percent a year in and . workers with more than years of experience will receive a fifth week of vacation time, a provision that smith said matches one in the town s other union contract, with the teamsters union.
__label__non_math	1.0000	free shipping on all orders all of these templates are customizable you can contact us here or give us a ring. we d love to hear from you our friendly customer love team is standing by to answer any questions you may have. learn more receive updates and exclusive offers since , buildasign.com has given away more than 275,000 welcome home banners. visit troops
__label__math	0.8001	masonry walls are generally highly durable. however, when masonry walls in cold climates stay too wet for too long, freeze-thaw damage can occur. this issue has particular relevance for energy efficiency retrofits, because the addition of interior insulation causes the masonry to stay colder and have a lower drying potential. the following documents present details of bsc s research and experience regarding the prevention of freeze-thaw damage in retrofit projects. technical topics such as the critical degree of saturation scrit are discussed, and case studies and recommendations are provided.
__label__non_math	1.0000	bulgariaski.com is owned and managed by bononia ltd. since we have been providing essential information on the bulgarian ski resorts and promoting them worldwide through our highly recognised website. we have made the ski holiday bookings simple and easy no matter where you come from. bulgaria ski is just a click away
__label__non_math	1.0000	junior coaching manual for the season, queensland cricket has released the junior coaching manual. the manual gives junior coaches an 'easy to understand' approach to coaching children between the ages of and . the manual includes: - tips on coaching children - the basic skills of cricket - season session planning templates - warm up games - skills and drills activities - modified games - milo in2cricket week program. "the biggest benefit is that the diary offers junior coaches a place to start their coaching journey" said qc coaching and education coordinator, brody grogan. "it also holds useful information about utilizing parents and volunteers and learning from other coaches." in addition to having examples of training sessions ready for use, the manual also houses many blank session planning templates to encourage coaches to create their own sessions. the manual is designed to fit in the palm of your hand, and is ring-bound from the top. this makes the manual easy to use whilst at training or at the game. the queensland cricket junior coaching manual costs . please print out, fill in and post the order form here to brody grogan, queensland cricket, po box 575, albion . or fax to please note: each milo in2cricket coordinator and level coaching course participant will receive a manual as part of their resources in .
__label__non_math	0.9799	posted on: style: hapkido, judo i trained in hapkido with a heavy emphasis on judo when i lived in oregon. since i have moved to san diego, i have not been able to find any hapkido training or any other art that properly integrates real judo with striking and kicking techniques. i have recently began training in the basics of eskrima and like the flow and principal of the art but find that the training doesn't focus as much on throwing techniques as i would like. does any one know of a competent and qualified instructor in the area that integrates proper judo into their program for fma or any other striking arts? pro nonsense self defense posted on: style: fma, dumbek, indian clubs that's actually kind of a tall order, and i'll be watching this thread because i'd also love to find such a school. i spent like two years training with a judo guy from bullshido chickenbeakfist in balboa park, and we mostly did weapon sparring with fencing masks and training weapons. he moved across the country though. i'd be happy to start doing that again if you're interested. posted on: i'm totally into that. i have a limited amount of solo experience with weapons but have been itching to practice with someone else. specifically i would like to give my recent kali stick practice a try in sparring. do you still have the fencing equipment? posted on: my mask was actually dented in yesterday at the dog brothers gathering by a roundhouse kick i blocked with my face. i can probably hammer it out though, but it won t be as strong. actually fencing masks in general aren t great for hard stickfighting, but i m mostly interested in a lower level of contact anyway. i ve got two masks and they re both crappy ones i bought on ebay, but they ve worked fine for a long time. like i was saying to everyone yesterday- i haven t been training for stickfighting in quite some time, but i d like to get back into the swing of things. i m actually looking into training with narrison babao regularly, so that should help. posted on: style: fma bjj if you are looking for fma which incorporates judo your best best is to look for a cacoy doce pares school. i am not sure if there is such place in san diego but that would be a good start. i know there is awesome fma in san diego the bakbakan kali group for example but i'm not sure about eskrido. if it were my choice, i would park my ass on the front door of the bakbakan school until they let me in to train. posted on: style: fma, jujutsu judo sambo fma, judo, and a bit of boxing would be considered the holy grail of martial arts in my opinion. finding a teacher well versed in all or only two is a worthwhile but likely challengeng endeavor. best of luck to you. i'm not familiar with the active fma guys in that area. another option would be to simply find good stickwork, and cross train at a good judo club. get the best of both. then work with some willing training partners at either club or another group to try putting it all together. it's not ideal for cohesiveness, but i'd rather get good arnis and good judo and worry about cohesion later. rather than good arnis and poor judo or vice-versa already pre-packaged for you. once you understand the principles of each art, and have a solid grasp of the basics, it's not too dificult to see how things would fit together. posted on: style: kyokushinkai kajukenbo this link has a few contacts and kaju guys, sifu bernie angeles 619-691- and professor armando laguna 619 422 are both, around chula vista and they might be able to give you some info. i haven't a clue on who does more judo type training, but they might. kaju, as you probably know, varies widely, sometimes looking like generic karate and sometimes like a mma focusing on self-defense, to say nothing about the cma influenced stuff. ksdi in hi uses jj quite a bit, but not much judo. i do think that good trad judo is a great choice, if "combat" judo isn't available. "preparing mentally, the most important thing is, if you aren't doing it for the love of it, then don't do it." - benny urquidez posted on: also, if you re looking for judo, there s good judo in san diego too. coach lafon at judo america really knows his stuff, and there's some other good places too. posted on: you may talk to these guys if you are still interested. i agree with earlier comments in that i would rather get great fma and great judo then a lousy hybrid of either. the only real fma system that i am aware of which has successfully mixed the two is the cacoy branch of doce pares eskrima which is commonly referred to as eskrido. if there are any eskrido players in the area the people at the above link ought to know about it. if not, then i would suggest looking into one of the great fma options that are around. as i said earlier, i know that there is kali illustrisimo through the bakbakan group and i know that there is doce pares multi-style and it seems from other posters that there might be other good fma as well. it also looks like you are in luck regarding a good judoka to learn from. i wish i was as spoiled for choice on great training as you appear to be. have fun. fma is awesome posted on: there really are a lot of choices down here in sd, it's kind of overwhelming at times. glad i know what i'm looking for to narrow it down a bit. i'm headed up to judo america this week to check it out, i have been referred to coach lafon more than once now. after much thought i have decided to stick with judo for a while and then integrate fma in the near future. i did pick up a disc set of dan inosanto instructional dvds from amazon. pretty good breakdown of the method there. thanks for the advice and links guys, i cant wait to get started. good forum. articles and reviews tools and info
__label__non_math	0.9995	one of seattle's bravest posted on: short notice, but in case anybody feels like getting red i will be teaching a clinic next week. posted on: style: belt and jacket wrestling i believe i'll be there. my grandfather's high ball glass posted on: style: bjj, wrestling i am also planning on being there. i'm really looking forward to training sombo for the first time. if you do not test yourself against the unknown, how can you truly know if the tools you possess actually work? posted on: style: bjj, judo, sambo it's going to be a great time, man. tomorrow you should have plenty of folks to throw around. also, will you be showing the proper garuda bird technique? posted on: style: much striking, sambo, bjj make sure arron teaches jig'gen for squid ;p yes, ask him about answering before someone questions me ;p posted on: on my way right now. might be late because of the rain. posted on: wow, what an amazing time spent on methodology moreso than just technique. aaron, grant, thanks so much for working on the why rather than the what. as always it was great to see y'all. thanks to jnp, thebeak, pat and blackmonk for rolling out and playing. i especially appreciated the principle to direct application. those breakdowns are fantastic posted on: thank you coach aaron and coach grant. aaron, your principle based approach impressed me to no end. i feel fortunate for the opportunity to train with you. thanks to you, for the first time after several previous attempts, i understand what osoto gari should look and feel like. coach grant, thank you for your advice. both you and coach aaron had some excellent pointers for some of the bad habits i've developed when throwing people. naszir, thank you for your assistance as well. you continue to impress me with your dedication and improvement in standing and ground grappling. whether you realize it or not, you are one of my throwing coaches too. beak, good to see you brother. central texas throwdown, you and me, finding a way to make it happen. posted on: hell'va good time and was great to meet in person folks that i have gotten to "know" on this here internet. for those that are unclear texas hospitality is alive and well. nazir, as always it was great to see you. jnp somehow i reckon' see i learned a thing or two too.. we will practice together again soon. beak good to meet you and the salt lick is no joke..... grant was good enough to host and nobody went away without a hug. anytime you are up in sea-town consider my gym home. posted on: a big thank you to coach aaron and coach grant for taking the time to put together one hell of a seminar and donate all proceeds to a local charity. you guys are a cut above. i take back all the mean and hurtful things i ever said about the two of you. : coach aaron i can't say enough good things about your approach to teaching. get yourself back to texas as soon as you can. to the rest of my bullshido brethren: jnp and naszir it was great to see you guys. and blackmonk it was good to meet you. and yes we must have a texas td soon. articles and reviews tools and info
__label__non_math	1.0000	you bought her dinner. you bought her flowers and chocolates. you even opened her car door. result? nada do you want to improve your performance in the sack? do you want to learn the technique that works on every woman? do you want to learn how to avoid the common mistakes men make, and have her wanting more? then check out alex allman's revolutionary sex program and the free articles we have for you.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the girl next door has a dirty little secret. you never see her at the bars because she's always on sexsearch.com, the world's largest sex personals site, looking for some lucky guy to seduce. tonight, why not you? join the fun today and make it happen do you want to improve your performance in the sack? do you want to learn the technique that works on every woman? do you want to learn how to avoid the common mistakes men make, and have her wanting more? then check out alex allman's revolutionary sex program and the free articles we have for you.
__label__non_math	0.9750	a supply of single-use diapers that will last from birth to potty training will cost between . a stash of cloth diapers that can be used for the same year period can cost as little as . phenomenal savings, even after you factor in an extra -loads of laundry per week. use those diapers for more than one baby and wow still thinking of pins and plastic pants? thinking that cloth diaper laundry would be gross? think again add up the single-use diapers used for one baby for .years and you'll get to tons of garbage. under ideal conditions, one single-use diaper can take 500 years to biodegrade. but there are no ideal conditions in landfills no air or light. even biodegradable single-use diapers will take a long time to break down. if we want to reduce, re-use and recycle, then cloth diapers are the logical choice there s nothing like the feel of soft cloth against your baby s skin. you can tell when cloth is wet, so cloth diapers get changed more often and that s healthy. babies in cloth benefit from more air circulation, less build-up of high temperatures, and are less susceptible to rashes. last but not necessarily least
__label__non_math	1.0000	i have this bloggy friend and she is totally adorable. and funny. omg, she is funny. we ve sorta been reading each other s blogs forever now and this probably isn t the first recipe i ve snagged from her site to share on my own. it s not stealing if you re friends. it s borrowing, people. borrowing. even if it was stealing, and it s not, some recipes are just plain good enough to warrant a little theft. i admit to nothing, though. y all know how i like to get bossy, so let me plan your day for you. first, head to the kitchen and whip these soft, chewy sugar cookie bars up. they re super easy and taste like those yummy lofthouse sugar cookies without the weird chemical after taste. am i the only one who tastes that? i just can t eat those things. it s like chewing on something soaked in toilet bowl cleaner. second, while your cookie bars are baking, head over to shelly s blog and waste your day reading her hilarious stories and drooling over her amazing recipes. just don t get so caught up in her little world that you burn your cookie bars. that d be sad. third, spend the rest of the day eating cookies. no laundry. no dishes. no cooking dinner. and that s an order i topped my cookie bars with a simple chocolate frosting this time around, but i ve also topped them with buttercream here is a link to shelly s favorite buttercream recipe. it s also delicious. much like her cute little face. . either way, they are delicious and absolutely perfect for large get togethers. just be sure to have a copy of the recipe ready, because people will totally want to steal borrow it from you. lofthouse sugar cookie bars for the cookies: cup butter, room temperature oz cream cheese, room temperature teaspoons vanilla extract teaspoon baking soda teaspoon baking powder for the chocolate frosting: cup white sugar tablespoons butter tablespoons milk cup chocolate chips milk chocolate or semi-sweet cup powdered sugar up to cup milk or heavy cream, as needed to make the cookie bars: preheat oven to 350 line a jelly roll pan 15x10x1 with aluminum foil or parchment paper and spray with cooking spray. in the bowl of your stand mixer, cream together the butter, cream cheese, and sugar. beat in the egg and vanilla until well incorporated. with your mixer turned to low, add in the flour, baking powder, and baking soda, mixing until just combined. press the dough evenly into your prepared pan. the dough is sticky and it will look too thin, but it all works out. just keep pressing it until you have an even layer over the entire baking sheet. bake for minutes until edges begin to turn golden. cool completely before frosting. for the frosting: while the cookies are baking, prepare the frosting. add sugar, butter, and milk to a small saucepan over medium heat and bring to a boil. boil for exactly seconds and remove from heat. stir in chocolate chips and continue stirring until the chocolate has melted. place the mixture in the bowl of your stand mixer and place in the refrigerator to cool. when the mixture is mostly cool it can still be a little warm, but not too hot or it won't whip - just return to the fridge if you find it not whipping good , place the bowl on the mixer and, using the wire whisk, whip the mixture with the powdered sugar until soft and fluffy. if needed add a bit of milk or heavy cream up to cup . spread over the cookie bars. recipe from cookies and cups
__label__non_math	0.9996	filed under: business trade,inside burma protests against chronic power shortages spread to yangon late tuesday, afp reporters said, following rallies in myanmar s second city mandalay which saw several opposition party members briefly held by police.people in the country formerly known as burma are testing the boundaries of their freedom under the quasi-civilian government which took power last year after the end of decades of outright military rule. two short but noisy demonstrations involving a total of 150 people took place in front of sule pagoda in the heart of yangon, the focus of uprisings in and which were brutally crushed by the military. activists and former political prisoners at the second and larger of the protests shouted give us -hour electricity for around minutes before the crowd dispersed on the police s request, an afp reporter said. myanmar suffers crippling power cuts, with six hour blackouts commonplace in yangon and outages three times as long in mandalay, where around ,500 people on monday protested as news of the rallies spread on facebook. we can t have a good quality of life without electricity, which is the basis for development of the country, said -year-old protester shew yee in yangon. in mandalay, a threatened third straight night of rallies failed to materialise after more than a thousand residents came out on sunday and monday, in the nation s biggest protests since the monk-led uprising. heavy security blanketed the rally sites late tuesday, an afp reporter said, but could not prevent around motorcyclists shouting slogans from their bikes as protesters found new ways to voice discontent. earlier about members of opposition leader aung san suu kyi s national league for democracy party were taken for questioning, an nld member of parliament from mandalay, ohn kyaing, told afp. the authorities treated them well and released them afterwards, he said. protests are rare in myanmar, where pro-democracy rallies in and triggered bloody military crackdowns. under a new law, one of a slew of reformist moves by president thein sein s government since the end of army rule, authorised protests have been permitted, but the demonstrators in mandalay did not have approval when they began their rally over the weekend. residents accuse the government of failing to provide electricity to its citizens while selling power to neighbouring china. only percent of myanmar s population has access to electricity, according to figures from the world bank. in a rare move to placate public opinion, state mouthpiece the new light of myanmar ran an article tuesday signed by the ministry of electric power explaining that high summer energy consumption had led to the shortages. the people are requested to understand the current situation in which electricity is being alternately supplied to the public, the english-language newspaper said, urging people to conserve power. the report did not directly refer to the protests. the new light said four electricity pylons in shan state were destroyed by ethnic rebels on saturday, worsening the supply shortages.
__label__non_math	1.0000	get involved hiddleston teases about thor tom hiddleston has revealed that thor will be "amazing". the british actor is reprising his villainous role as loki alongside returning cast members chris hemsworth and natalie portman in the highly anticipated sequel titled thor: the dark world. "it's fantastic, truly. we are making an amazing film, and we're having a wonderful time," he teased. "it's so exciting to have established characters and an established setting in the world, and we are working so hard to cook up something new." tom - who is helping to judge the jameson empire done in seconds short film competition - said that the second film will show a different side to the characters. "that is what is exciting me - taking what we know, taking what we love and deepening it and giving it an extra dimension. i think director alan taylor is really shaping up the world of asgard and the world of these characters," he added. thor: the dark world is expected for release in november .
__label__non_math	0.9253	lackmond set4c - products contractor grade " set - grit resin bonded diamond polishing pads wet use only wet polishing pads utilize industrial diamonds impregnated in a resin matrix to achieve excellent polishing results. applications for our wet polishing pads include marble, granite, and the newly popular concrete surfaces. our wet use polishing pads are available in , , and diameters. all of our polishing pads are velcro-backed for quick change and can be purchased stand-alone or as a set sets do not include final buff pads . dimensions: "xset - grits contact directions
__label__non_math	1.0000	opening day to spring's last gasp versatile warmth meets extra-strength stormproofing. its clean and functional design pairs waterproof breathability that outlasts the competition with versatile warmth that keeps you out of the lodge. add in features like a helmet-friendly hood, sidewalk safe reflective trim, and a laundry list of essential standard features and you get the perfect package for every day, all season. - dryride durashell -layer soft touch dobby fabric ,000mm, ,000g - mapped with thermacore insulation 100g body 80g sleeves, hood, and collar - taffeta lining - zippered handwarmer pockets - includes girls' jacket features package
__label__non_math	0.9999	latest news: businesses will be battling it out to win a game of giant jenga in preparation for the three-month accumulator challenge, which starts in june. amongst those businesses attending the launch will be last year s winners curve motion and the ceo of towergate insurance who are sponsoring the event. left to right, sarah stamp and paul donno. by lydia cole friday, members of the community are set to do battle in a bid to raise as much money as possible in a three-month charity challenge. the towergate accumulator challenge will see particpating businesses given which they then have to turn into as much money as possible for st nicholas hospice care. some of those taking part met this week to play games of giant jenga and to figure out their opponents weaknesses. the scheme, sponsored by the eadt, launches on june and more than firms have already signed up, including jacobs allen, ensors, glasswells, curvemotion and towergate insurance. last year, businesses managed to raise ,243 for the hospice but this year organisers have set themselves a ,000 target. paul whittaker, chief executive of event sponsors towergate insurance, said: it is a fantastic event, both in terms of helping to raise money and for companies to have a great deal of fun over the summer months, helping to build team spirit in their business while supporting a great charity. kevin robertson, of glasswells, said: glasswells supports the hospice throughout the year, but the accumulator challenge is a real team effort. all the staff like to get involved and our customers help out as well. st nicholas hospice care is a local charity which looks after people with terminal and life shortening illnesses, it provides care and support throughout west suffolk and thetford. it has to raise ,000 every day, so needs as much funding as possible. events such as this challenge provide a way of reaching this target, as well as other benefits. sarah stamp, of champions curvemotion, said: it felt brilliant to win last year. the great thing about the challenge is that it brought all sorts of people in the community together, which we are aiming to build on further this year. to sign up, call abby mayes on or e-mail email for more information on the hospice, go to
__label__non_math	1.0000	it is with great pleasure i announce jwardiff kachinukisen - cardiffs first bushido tounament we currently have attendees out of an initial capacity of tickets. there is some new prize support as well from gct also each person who attends the tournament will receive some jwardiff custom tokens resin cast for the game contact me or greeny for more information. you can get a ticket through us or firestorm games directly
__label__non_math	0.9908	the state of twitter twitter, we haven t forgotten about you there s no question that twitter s usage numbers can t compete with facebook s billion users, times the total us population. however, the most interesting figure is how daily use has grown. according to pew research, in just of online adults tweeted on a daily basis. today, around of adults tweet multiple times daily, indicating that micro-blogging through sharing articles, facts and photos of your brunch have become as automatic for some of us as brushing our teeth. twitter s potential as a tool for marketing continues to soar. promoted tweets have an average engagement rate of between and , a rate that few other social media networks can even dream of competing with. according to sales marketing chief shane steele, as of early october , more than half of active twitter users follow at least brands. a recent marketing campaign by men s ware company bonobos required twitter users to generate retweets before unlocking savings, an innovative idea that resulted in a , roi for the company s efforts. twitter might not be quite as big as facebook, but it s still a powerful tool for companies to connect with followers and it s definitely not going anywhere fast: . twitter generates 200 million tweets and .billion search queries daily. . of americans trust information and advice from twitter. . twitter posts between - est monday through thursday receive the most clicks. . only of the top ,000 websites have some twitter integration. . of online adults use twitter daily, up from in . . twitter now has more than 500 million accounts. 141.million are in the us. . of the interbrand top 100 brands are on twitter. . of colleges and universities tweet, a increase from . . of consumers rely on user-generated content on twitter to research medications. . twitter accounts for of mobile social media sign-ins. . of americans or older are personally familiar with twitter. . of job searchers use linkedin, facebook or twitter. . of job searchers have found a job through linkedin, facebook or twitter. . of us consumers have searched a hashtag they saw on tv. . of us consumers have made a purchase based on a twitter recommendation. . of twitter users follow brands. only follow coworkers. . of twitter users signed up in the past year. . b2b marketers on twitter generate twice as many leads. . of b2b companies actively use twitter. . the average twitter user retweets in 318 urls. . of retailers feature deals on twitter. which of these twitter stats surprised you the most? have you come across any shocking social media facts lately? share in the comments
__label__non_math	0.9924	gail kelly was a dud and other mysteries so westpac's gail kelly, potentially the million ceo according to the latest beneficent offer from her board, was a dud ceo at st george. or the australian competition and consumer commission's graeme samuel is a fool. you choose the correct statement and disregard the other. those alternatives were perhaps unintentionally proposed in yesterday's chanticleer column in the australian financial review, which claimed st george could not have survived the global financial crisis as an independent entity as it was too heavily exposed to the securitisation market . according to chanticleer and general market opinion, that's why samuel waved through westpac's acquisition of st george in . if the westpac takeover didn't have to happen if it wasn't another case of the regulators and bank club quietly engineering the solution to a crisis samuel has to be marked as a failure. that takeover remains the biggest single reduction in banking competition since the big four emerged from large six-and-a-few-bits. the current grandstanding about competition in banking is nonsense by comparison mere movember bum fluff. alternatively, the st george that allegedly would have failed without westpac's rescue was kelly's st george there had been no substantial change at the bank since kelly hit the jackpot when westpac purchased her in . under the chanticleer scenario, instead of being hailed as one of the world's most powerful women, kelly was on track to being reviled as a complete disaster the woman who ran st george on an unsustainable basis and thus into failure when global winds blew cold. the ceos and boards of failed and or bailed banks in europe and the us aren't regarded as particularly smart individuals. they stuffed up very big time and caused enormous pain and suffering. the idea that australia had a couple of banks that were only saved from such a fate by official and unofficial intervention has interesting implications. take suncorp anz nearly did. it's generally understood that the brisbane-headquartered financier of choice for many a property developer was at the altar with anz in order to save itself when the federal government interrupted proceedings with its offer of explicitly guaranteeing australian funding. the wedding was cancelled, the bride instead running off to reconstruct itself under canberra's protection. but if the background story holds true, if suncorp was about to fail unless taken over or government guaranteed, how have the chairman and fellow long-serving directors kept their jobs? the concept of being held responsible doesn't seem to penetrate our boardrooms that's best left to small fry who can't afford flash lawyers. the chanticleer scenario could lead to an interesting re-write of history. aside from a prominent ceo and a couple of boards not actually being good at their jobs, running their banks too close to the wind, it also would mean that our key watchdogs apra and the rba aren't the world champions they've appeared to be. what would the verdict be on apra if most of the banking below the big four and above the credit unions had been shown to be unsustainable? maybe that would explain why apra has been much more bolshie of late, writing directly to bank boards rather than management, cracking whips over various ratios it had previously ignored, individually interviewing directors of deposit-taking institutions. apra too might have dodged a very embarrassing bullet. but life, banking and financial systems are full of mysteries and unknowns like the reserve bank rather pointedly changing its tune in yesterday's board minutes about the banks increasing rates by more than the cash rate movement. again, it's only hypothetical, but maybe the board had had enough of the canberra's political nonsense. and those rba minutes, gee, they would be revised after the meeting, would they? no, the rba board must just be amazingly prescient. michael pascoe is a businessday contributing editor and, by way of disclosure, of course the pascoe family super fund holds bank shares, including westpac.
__label__math	0.6736	a new study by german consulting firm prognos, commissioned by german think tank the bertelsmann foundation, just put a price tag on peripheral countries like greece, portugal, spain, and italy exiting the euro. the worst case all four countries leave, and it costs the world a total of trillion in economic growth. the study also looks at the ramifications of just a greek exit, a greek portuguese exit, a greek portuguese spanish exit, and an exit by greece, portugal, spain, and italy. here are the results the table measures losses in euros : if only greece were to exit, the study still estimates a total of billion 674 billion euros in lost growth worldwide. if portugal followed greece, that would raise the damage to .trillion. however, italy clearly has the biggest impact. if italy were to follow the other three, the total lost economic growth worldwide would more than double to trillion. here is what the study has to say on the effects of the worst case scenario: the departure of greece, italy, portugal and spain from the european monetary union would provoke a worldwide recession that would translate into a gdp decline amounting to nearly .trillion euros in the view states in the lead-up to . in terms of absolute figures, the declines would be the greatest in france .trillion euros , the us .trillion euros , china .trillion euros , and germany around .trillion euros . france would be particularly hard hit by italy s sovereign default and exit from the euro, on account of the extensive loans french banks have made to italy. the cumulative gdp decline would amount to 154 percent of economic output for , with italy alone registering a cumulative gdp loss of around percent of gdp for . the counterpart figures for germany, the us and china would be , and percent respectively. for more on the model used to derive these estimates and the requisite assumptions that went into it, check out the full text of the study. it's available on the bertelsmann foundation's website
__label__non_math	0.9985	on the other hand, both teams are willing to spend money on their head coach. both jim and john harbaugh are among the eight highest paid coaches in the nfl. on the next few pages we'll take a look at the highest-paid players in this year's super bowl. that list includes three safeties, two quarterbacks, two wide receivers, and two defensive tackles. in addition, we included both head coaches to show where they rank among the players.
__label__non_math	0.9985	in an industry that suffers from annual turnover, universal protection service in santa ana, calif., boasts a much lower rate: . anyone in hr will be aghast at that rate because it sounds horrendous, admits hr vp paula malone, but compared with the industry average, it s actually good. the reasons for the relatively low turnover: continuous training and on-the-spot recognition. each of the organization s ,000 employees must complete online training modules a year. every two weeks, employees get access to a new, two-hour unit on topics ranging from report writing to fire safety to preventing workplace violence. they re given work time to complete the tasks and then are scored before they can move on to the next module. the organization s managers give on-the-spot rewards such as movie tickets and starbucks gift cards to employees whom they catch doing something right, says malone. along with the prize, the employee gets a chance to win a gift certificate in a quarterly drawing that includes all on-the-spot winners for three months. at the end of the year, all winners names go into another drawing, and one person wins a trip to the company s big holiday party, where top executives publicly recognize the winner. contact: paula malone at firstname.lastname like what you've read? ...republish it and share great business tips attention: readers, publishers, editors, bloggers, media, webmasters and more... we believe great content should be read and passed around. after all, knowledge is power. and good business can become great with the right information at their fingertips. if you'd like to share any of the insightful articles on businessmanagementdaily.com, you may republish or syndicate it without charge. the only thing we ask is that you keep the article exactly as it was written and formatted. you also need to include an attribution statement and link to the article. " this information is proudly provided by business management daily.com: "
__label__non_math	0.9683	the threepenny opera die 3groschenoper dvd director : g.w. pabst screenplay : b la bal zs, l o lania, ladislaus vajda based on the play by bertolt brecht mpaa rating : nr year of release : stars : rudolf forster mackie messer , carola neher polly peachum , reinhold sch nzel tiger-brown , fritz rasp peachum , valeska gert mrs. peachum , lotte lenya jenny , hermann thimig the vicar , ernst busch the street singer , vladimir sokoloff smith, the jailer the threepenny opera die 3groschenoper began its life on stage in germany in the late 1920s as a rousing opera parody that dared to use the underbelly of society as its canvas. the exact process by which it was written and staged is such a labyrinth of confusion, false credit, and borrowed material that i'll simply note that the play itself is generally credited to radical playwright bertold brecht and the songs to composer kurt weill. the process by which the immensely popular play was brought to the silver screen is even more confusing, resulting in both brecht and weill suing the producers brecht lost; weill won . suffice it to say here that the great director g.w. pabst, who had most recently started the cult of louise brooks with his magnificent silent epic pandora's box , directed a screenplay that substantially changed several things from the play, including the ending, which made it, if anything, more socially cutting. the story in the threepenny opera is actually derived from a much older in his direction, pabst seems somewhat torn between staying true to the story's theatrical roots and expanding it out into the purely cinematic. pabst had made his name in the 1920s directing a series of films praised for their social realism, which stood in stark contrast to the expressionist tendencies that had defined the german cinema in the earlier part of the decade. he brings that textured understanding of the streets to the threepenny opera, making carefully constructed sets feel dank and lived in. much of the story unfolds inside old warehouses, back alleys, and deserted buildings; the most modern and inviting space in the film is, ironically, the prison. yet, because the film is a musical, there is always an element of inherent fantasy and theatricality, even though only a few songs from the original play are part of the film these include cannon song sung by mackie and tiger-brown and die moritat vom mackie messer, which introduces the main character and was made famous in the states when bobby darin, among many others, covered it as mack the knife . in this sense, the threepenny opera is constantly operating in various interstitial spaces--between realism and fantasy, between the theatrical and the cinematic, and, most importantly, between parody and social commentary. brecht's original play was rife with his alienating effects, including the self-conscious use of direct narration and a patently ridiculous deus ex machina ending that was meant to satirize the need for a happily ever after. the film maintains some of these for example, there is a narrator whose address breaks the film into three parts , but pabst tones down the more directly confrontational nature of the brechtian approach and instead focuses on the idea of social commentary, particularly regarding corruption. this is seen most clearly in tiger-brown's willingness to turn a blind eye to mackie's criminal activities, but it is probably sharpest in the film's most amusing scene, which depicts peachum licensing the beggars and then outfitting them with clothes and feigned maladies that are guaranteed to separate sympathetic people from their money. because of its timeless themes and innovative musical-comedy approach to social issues which is now nothing short of a given in contemporary theater , the threepenny opera has aged exceedingly well. aspects of the film that were criticized when it first came out for example, the anachronistic quality of the german production's version of what 18th-century london looked like seem almost beside the point. the humor is still funny, the satire still bites, and the tunes are still infinitely humable. we should be thankful that the nazis, who decided that its social satire hit a little too close to home in and tried to have every print of it destroyed, failed in their efforts. thoughts? e-mail james kendrick
__label__non_math	1.0000	already a bloomberg.com user? sign in with the same account. dec. bloomberg -- oao gazprom, the world s biggest gas producer, expects to boost profit about percent this year on higher prices and demand. net income may rise to about billion last year, chief financial officer andrey kruglov said today in an interview posted on the moscow-based company s website. gazprom may have annual profit of billion, according to the average estimated of analysts surveyed by bloomberg news. sales to europe, the gas export monopoly s biggest market by revenue, are expected to rise next year, kruglov said. this year, total debt may rise insignificantly to billion, kruglov said. gazprom, russia s biggest company, increased first-half net income under international standards percent to 772 billion rubles billion from a year earlier. to contact the reporter on this story: stephen bierman in moscow at email to contact the editor responsible for this story: torrey clark at firstname.lastname
__label__non_math	1.0000	already a bloomberg.com user? sign in with the same account. mexico was invited to join nine- nation pacific trade talks, a step that may boost canada s chances of taking part and give north america a bigger role in the regional negotiations, according to business groups. the governments negotiating the trans-pacific partnership acted on mexico s expression of interest in the talks, u.s. president barack obama and mexican president felipe calderon announced today at a g-summit in the mexican resort city of los cabos. mexico s entry will encourage the canadians to come to the table in the near term as well, eric farnsworth, vice president of the new york-based council of the americas, which promotes open markets in the western hemisphere, said in a phone interview. expanding the discussions also may slow the process of concluding an agreement, he said. the regional partnership is a top priority of the obama administration s trade agenda. japan and canada also have expressed interest in joining the talks, though no agreement has been reached yet. in addition to the u.s., the countries in the discussions are australia, brunei, chile, malaysia, new zealand, peru, singapore and vietnam. joining the trade talks is a great piece of news for mexicans, calderon said. the accord will create jobs and trade for the next two decades, he said. the regional discussions are critical to establishing strong economic footing for the united states in the pacific region and providing a counterbalance to china, republican representative dave camp of michigan, chairman of the house ways means committee, said in a statement. he said he supports including mexico. by including mexico, u.s. businesses, workers, farmers and ranchers will get to take advantage of economic benefits triggered when the agreement is completed, the national foreign trade council, a washington-based business group, said in a statement. the american automotive policy council, a washington-based industry group for ford motor co. f , general motors co. gm and chrysler group llc, also supports including mexico and canada, as long as their addition doesn t stall the negotiations. japan should further open its auto market to international competitors before being allowed to participate in the pacific agreement, according to the group s website. the obama administration plans to notify congress soon that it intends to include mexico in the agreement, starting a -day consultation period with lawmakers, the u.s. trade representative s office said in a statement. the public will have a chance to comment, it said. the pacific-region partners want to conclude the agreement expeditiously, according to the statement. the nations, which have held rounds of negotiations, plan to resume discussions july -in san diego. to contact the reporter on this story: brian wingfield in washington at email to contact the editor responsible for this story: jon morgan at firstname.lastname
__label__non_math	1.0000	already a bloomberg.com user? sign in with the same account. china unicom hong kong ltd. 762 , the country s second-biggest wireless carrier, fell the most in two weeks in hong kong trading after the company added fewer customers for its high-speed mobile-phone service last month. the carrier declined .percent to hk .as of a.m. local time, poised for its biggest drop since june . bigger rival china mobile ltd. 941 fell .percent, while china telecom corp. 728 dropped .percent. china unicom added .million users for its 3g, or third- generation service last month, the company reported in a hong kong stock exchange filing yesterday. that was fewer than the .million additions in april, and was the lowest monthly gain since september. growth in the pace of 3g user additions has slowed this year, china unicom president lu yimin said last month. the beijing-based carrier expects to generate more revenue from its 3g operations than from subscribers on the slower 2g network this year, he said at the time. china unicom was the only chinese carrier offering apple inc. s iphone with a contract before china telecom started sales of the device in march. china unicom has dropped percent this year, making it the worst-performing member of hong kong s benchmark hang seng index. hsi to contact the reporter on this story: mark lee in hong kong at email to contact the editor responsible for this story: michael tighe at firstname.lastname
__label__non_math	1.0000	already a bloomberg.com user? sign in with the same account. wal-mart stores inc the fire that killed more than 100 people at a bangladesh factory which made clothes for retailers such as wal-mart stores inc. wmt was an act of sabotage, according to the government panel investigating the blaze. there was no possibility last month s fire at tazreen fashion ltd. s factory was caused by an electrical short-circuit and witness statements suggest sabotage, mainuddin khandaker, the panel s chief, said by phone yesterday, without saying who could have been responsible. he blamed the factory owner for gross negligence as poor safety standards made it harder for workers to escape. the nov. fire, the country s deadliest at a garment plant, renewed pressure on local companies and international retailers sourcing cheap clothes from bangladesh to improve labor conditions. more than 700 garment workers have died since in bangladesh, according to the international labor rights forum, a washington-based advocacy group. the government panel s investigation believes the incident was the result of sabotage because it did not find any electricity connection or appliance in the area where the fire originated, khandaker said. the fire originated from the warehouse on the ground floor, he said. the findings of the report are conflicting, mushrefa mishu, president of the garment workers unity forum union, said in a phone interview today. i don t think it was sabotage, she said. calling it an act of sabotage, the government is indicating some workers are responsible for the fire, so that they can be harassed. the factory had no emergency exits, and many workers were burned alive, as they got trapped in heavy smoke, muhammad mahboob, a director at the fire service and civil defence said after the fire. delowar hossain, managing director of tazreen fashion owner tuba group, didn t answer two calls to his mobile phone today. fifty percent of the bangladesh s garment factories don t meet required work safety standards and those that have improved working conditions have done so under pressure from western apparel makers, kalpona akter, executive director of the bangladesh center for worker solidarity, a non-governmental organization, said in an interview last month. wal-mart, the world s largest retailer, has said it fired a supplier that made apparel at the factory without its authorization. bangladesh s labor law requires safety measures such as fire extinguishers and easily accessible exits at factories. the global garment industry would have to spend about billion figure, or billion the bangladesh manufacturers exporters association says western companies spend annually on manufacturing in bangladesh. to contact the reporter on this story: arun devnath in dhaka at email to contact the editors responsible for this story: robin ajello at firstname.lastname; stephanie wong at email
__label__non_math	0.9997	already a bloomberg.com user? sign in with the same account. efforts to extend health insurance to more americans have been stalled in recent years between liberals' insistence on more government spending and conservatives' advocacy of private-sector approaches. now massachusetts may have broken the gridlock with an innovative bipartisan plan designed to achieve nearly universal coverage. the bill, approved by the heavily democratic massachusetts legislature on apr. , marries conservative and liberal ideas. for the first time ever in the u.s., all state residents would be required to have health insurance -- dubbed an individual mandate. gov. mitt romney, a moderate republican expected to run for the white house in , champions this as a conservative victory that leads residents to take responsibility for their own health insurance. he says he plans to sign the bill soon, although he may first try to change some smaller provisions. heavily subsidized. the legislation also includes such liberal measures as huge government subsidies to help low-income individuals buy insurance. what's more, all companies with or more workers are required to help pay for health insurance -- a so-called employer mandate. "this is an historic precedent that creates a partnership involving the public and private sector, as well as employers and individuals," says ron pollack, executive director of families usa, which represents health care consumers. pollack and other experts predict the bill will have an impact on the health-care debate far beyond boston. romney says he has already encouraged a number of governors to study the bill, and he's expected to make the massachusetts plan the cornerstone of his presidential bid, much as president bush touted his education achievements in texas during his first run for the white house. "the eyes of the nation are on us," adds senate president robert travaglini, a liberal democrat who normally opposes romney. "we led the way with same-sex marriage, and now we are doing it with health care reform." see bw, , "the health-care crisis: states are rushing in" the bill aims to cover of the state's 500,000 uninsured within three years. to do that, romney and the legislature split them into three categories. one group is comprised of nearly 100,000 poor people who qualify for medicaid but haven't yet signed up. covering them will cost about million a year, although the federal government will pick up half the tab. the second group, numbering around 200,000, are low-income families and individuals who don't qualify for medicaid but are too poor to buy health insurance on their own. nationally, this is the core of the uninsured, since more than of the million uninsured americans have family incomes under ,000, according to families usa. massachusetts plans to cover these people with big subsidies. those earning up to of the federal poverty level would get what amounts to a free ride -- they wouldn't have to pay any premiums or any deductibles. those making between and of the poverty level would pay part of their premiums, based on a sliding scale. penalties as motivation. that leaves another 200,000 or so uninsured higher-income individuals who are the prime target of the individual mandate. massachusetts is taking a carrot-and-stick approach. the carrot: a series of insurance-market reforms to make it easier and cheaper to buy insurance. for starters, the state will create a "health insurance connector," an innovation "that will allow individuals and small businesses to buy insurance as if they were a large company," says dr. marylou buyse, president of the massachusetts association of health plans. the stick: beginning in , individuals who don't have insurance will be subject to a penalty equal to half the cost of health insurance. last year, coverage for an individual ran about ,000 for a family, according to the kaiser family foundation. "that's a significant penalty," says john mcdonough, executive director of healthcare for all, a consumer advocacy group. advocates defend the approach, saying it's similar to requiring drivers to buy auto insurance. but it's still untested, and many americans may resist being told to pay out for something at least some now choose to go without. another issue is how much massachusetts would have to spend under the new law. subsidies for low-income residents would total about 720 million is also a lot less, proportionately, than the amount other states would have to cough up. about of texas residents are uninsured, for example, roughly twice the rate in massachusetts. sticky points. the employer mandate, while low, is another potentially controversial issue. the bill would require companies with or more employees that don't provide health insurance to pay up to a year per worker. still, "there's strong support in the business community for this measure," says michael widmer, president of the massachusetts taxpayer foundation. "this equalizes the burden between companies who don't provide health care and those who do." how all this works in practice will also hinge on how affordable health insurance becomes. murphy, who helped romney design the individual mandate, predicts reforms authorized by the law -- including higher deductibles and cost-efficient provider networks -- could cut premiums in half, to 500 a month for families. but others are skeptical. "there's an awful lot that still has to be worked out, but i wouldn't hold my breath" that costs will fall that far," cautions healthcare for all's mcdonough. still, analysts believe this bill will vault massachusetts ahead of all other states in providing health insurance to its citizens. and it will surely reinvigorate the ongoing national debate.
__label__non_math	1.0000	st. louis-- --build-a-bear workshop , the interactive entertainment retailer of customized stuffed animals, has opened its first highly anticipated newly designed store at west county center in st. louis. the store is one of six that the company will open this year in select markets across the united states. the cub advisors have helped us achieve our mission to bring the teddy bear to life while providing the funnest hour of a family s day this press release has an accompanying smart marketing page providing further details about the organization, products and services introduced below. you can access the smart marketing page via the following link: build-a-bear workshop has spent the last two years creating the newly imagined store design that merges the hands-on bear-making experience with innovative technology that is central to how kids play today. the updated store allows guests of all ages to personalize the bear-making process and offers them a different experience each time they visit a build-a-bear workshop store. build-a-bear workshop invented experiential mall-based retailing years ago and has been the leader in providing interactive experiences for kids of all ages, said maxine clark, build-a-bear workshop founder and chief executive bear. since our inception, over 100 million stuffed animals have been made in our stores. with this new store design, we have combined the love of a teddy bear with the best of digital technology. we look forward to continuing our leadership in the interactive retail space. newly imagined store design while the build-a-bear workshop signature process remains at its core, guests who visit the new store will see noticeable changes to the company s trademarked stuffed animal-making experience including: - an interactive storefront which goes beyond the typical digital signage found in other retail locations and will change with the seasons, holidays, or other special events. using microsoft s kinect technology and interactive touch elements, guests can engage and play with the signage at the front of the store. - the choose me station where guests are introduced to all the furry characters and then select one, which soon becomes a new friend. the stuffed animals are now at kid height so young guests can touch, play, and form a connection with these furry friends. there is a large selection of stuffed animals to choose from including teddy bears, bunnies, dogs, kittens, and more. - the love me station allows guests to customize their furry friends with special personality attributes displayed as emoticons on an interactive table. using samsung s sur40 with microsoft pixelsense technology, guests can add unique traits - like cuddly, brave, silly and smart - to their red satin hearts, which are inserted inside their furry friends during the stuff me process. - the award-winning hear me station, an interactive touch screen supplied by canvys, features an assortment of high quality sounds that can be inserted into the stuffed animals for further customization and personalization. guests can select and load popular hits from current music or sounds onto a chip plus record their own voice to a build-a-sound to further personalize their new friend. - the stuff me station, where guests can now add scentiments to make their new furry friend smell yummy. an assortment of scents is available including: bubble gum, strawberry, cotton candy, and chocolate chip. the scents that are offered will change by season and holiday. - after the stuff me station, the last seam of stuffed animals is neatly pulled shut, nearly completing each new best friend. before stitching the furry friend, a bear builder associate inserts a barcode, allowing it to be reunited with its owner if ever lost and returned to build-a-bear workshop. thousands of furry friends have been reunited through this exclusive find-a-bear id program. the barcode also generates a unique code on the birth certificate so guests can bring their new friend to life online and play for free at bearville.com to continue their friendship adventure when they get home. - the fluff me station, allows guests to interact with their new furry friends at a water rippling and splashing digital bath tub that is enabled by samsung s sur40 with microsoft pixelsense technology. the tub magically recognizes the items as they are placed on it and reacts with sensory effects such as virtual bubbles that appear when play soap is placed on the water surface. - the dress me station is now organized by theme, such as dress up and super heroes, so coordinating items are grouped and easily accessible. this station is updated with match me technology that allows guests to see what is new in the clothing area and to receive suggestions on related items that can be added to outfits as guests personalize their animals. - the process culminates at the name me station, where guests use a viewfinder or bear-o-scope that reveals the special attributes and personality that have been added to the animal throughout the process. at name me, guests create a personalized one-of-a-kind birth certificate that now includes a photo of their new furry friend. - guests conclude their in-store bear-making experience at the remodeled take me home station, which now resembles the iconic build-a-bear workshop cub condo . they receive their customized birth certificate that is themed to their stuffed animal selection and a special stuff fur stuff club membership, a rewards program for guests. each new furry friend is then placed in their very own cub condo carrying case, which is designed as a handy travel carrier and new home. build-a-bear workshop will open other new concept stores in the following premiere shopping centers throughout the united states: - stoneridge shopping center in pleasanton, calif. on friday, oct. - annapolis shopping mall in annapolis, md. on friday, oct. - the somerset collection in troy, mich. on friday, oct. - fair oaks mall in fairfax, va. on friday, nov. - castleton square mall in indianapolis, ind. on friday, nov. these locations are in family-centric areas that are strong matches with the company s core demographic. bears working together it takes a village to raise a bear and our newly imagined store concept was created with many partners who have helped turn our vision for build-a-bear workshop into a reality, said clark. we worked with companies and individuals who are leaders in their industries, many with which we have had long term relationships. there were many supporting partners that have contributed to a highly innovative brand experience. working with build-a-bear workshop on the new store concept were adrienne weiss corporation, specializing in brand development and store design, oei design, a retail entertainment design firm, st. louis-based architects and construction management firm, epoch design group, and studio productions, specializing in themed fixtures. build-a-bear workshop also aligned with technology companies including microsoft corp., samsung electronics america, infusion, nanonation, epicor software, parametric sound corporation, and canvys - visual technology solutions. leading cyber safety expert parry aftab, executive director and founder of wiredsafety.org and wiredtrust, worked with the company to ensure that the technological aspects meet all privacy and safety standards. wiredtrust has presented build-a-bear workshop with the socially safe seal for its new store concept. this is the first time that the organization has given this award to a brick and mortar retailer. building on the tradition of including kids at the imagination stage and listening to what is important to them, build-a-bear workshop also enlisted a group of cub advisors, children and their parents, to provide suggestions and help perfect the working model of the design. the cub advisors have helped us achieve our mission to bring the teddy bear to life while providing the funnest hour of a family s day, said clark. our new stores will continue to redefine the retail industry, much like we did years ago. the addition of new sensory and technological features to our store concept will further propel build-a-bear workshop to our next level of success. with over 400 stores in countries worldwide, we have learned that a teddy bear hug is understood in any language. our brand knows no boundaries and we look forward to significant expansion and growth for build-a-bear workshop, both in the united states and internationally, in the future. about build-a-bear workshop, inc. build-a-bear workshop, inc. is the only global company that offers an interactive make-your-own stuffed animal retail-entertainment experience. there are more than 400 build-a-bear workshop stores worldwide, including company-owned stores in the u.s., puerto rico, canada, the united kingdom and ireland, and franchise stores in europe, asia, australia, africa, the middle east, mexico and south america. founded in st. louis in , build-a-bear workshop is the leader in interactive retail. brands include make-your-own major league baseball mascot in-stadium locations, and build-a-dino stores. build-a-bear workshop extends its in-store interactive experience online with its award winning virtual world and entertainment destination website at bearville.com . the company was named to the fortune 100 best companies to work for list for the fourth year in a row in . build-a-bear workshop nyse: bbw posted total revenue of .million in fiscal . for more information, call 888.560.bear or visit the company's award-winning website at buildabear.com . we would like to thank you for your interest in covering our business. as you write your story, we would ask that you use our full name: build-a-bear workshop and that when referencing the process of making stuffed animals you use the word make not build. build-a-bear workshop is our well-known trade name and our registered trademark of build-a-bear retail management, inc. build-a-bear workshop should only be used in capital letters to refer to our products and services and should not be used as a verb. photos multimedia gallery available:
__label__non_math	0.9998	marc ingram and stephanie fuchs the bride-to-be is the daughter of raimund and cathy fuchs of butler. mother of the prospective bridegroom is jody ingram of johnstown. the bride-elect is a graduate of butler high school and a graduate of la roche college. she is a regional property manager with pennrose management in pittsburgh. her fiance graduated in from bishop mccort high school and in from duquesne university. he is a sergeant first class with the pennsylvania army national guard.
__label__non_math	0.9998	butler county judge s. michael yeager ruled wednesday that a referendum passed by center township voters in november, which reduced the number of township supervisors from five to three, is unconstitutional. specifically, yeager granted an injunction filed on behalf of three township supervisors arguing that the referendum s passage violated the state constitution by removing three supervisors from office ed latuska, philip wulff and ken frenchak before the end of their appointed terms and without cause or due process. the ruling nullifies the referendum, which would have emptied all five current supervisor seats and allowed township voters to choose three democratic nominees and three republican nominees in the may primary. instead, residents now will vote to fill just two seats, those vacated by supervisor chairman ron flatt and vice chairman andrew erie. their terms are done at the end of this year. beverly schenck, a former township supervisor who championed the referendum, told yeager that the injunction is not a challenge to the constitutionality of the referendum, but a challenge to the will of township voters. the township is merely an interested bystander to an action between its citizens and its elected officials, she said. township solicitor michael gallagher reminded yeager that township residents voted in the expectation that the individuals they elected would serve out the full extent of their terms ..., gallagher said. wulff and latuska will remain in office through the end of and frenchak through .
__label__non_math	0.9788	if the print dialog box does not automatically appear, open the file menu and choose print. article published police part of nuisance i live in meridian and make several trips a week to butler, usually going out to route 356 by lifesteps and then turning right. after passing through the stoplight at moraine pointe plaza, those who stay in the left lane to turn, i m sure, have occasionally noticed cars in front of them turning into the sheetz parking lot, crossing over solid lines on the road, wasting the green light for motorists who are waiting behind them. i refreshed my memory with a look at the drivers manual for pennsylvania on the website, just to be sure. as far as i could find, it s illegal to cross or turn where there s not a broken line painted on the road. i drive through the area in question often enough that i ve developed a habit of giving the offender a prolonged horn salute. the other day, however, i wasn t sure what to do. the car making the turn, holding up those of us trying to get to the light, was a state police cruiser. i understand that the police do have special permission to ignore some traffic rules when responding to emergencies. but this was around noon. maybe the donuts at sheetz were getting stale? sorry, bad joke, but really? i realize it s not like these are rogue cops. i was just very discouraged to see that.
__label__non_math	0.5418	name a star after someone special with this unique gift idea - includes free first class delivery available for uk delivery only. this item will be delivered by first class royal mail. estimated delivery time is working days. an exact delivery date cannot be guaranteed. name a star unframed rating snapshot reviews out of customers would recommend this product to a friend. 2astronomers divided the sky into areas, as perceived from earth, so as to create a consistent spherical map, rather like the markings on a football. in this way, areas or constellations were formed. only a handful of stars bear names, arising from arabic, greek and roman mythology. the vast majority of stars are referred to only by their astronomical co-ordinates or catalogue numbers, they are unnamed and there are millions and millions of them. so why not name one after someone special?
__label__non_math	0.9993	sign in with facebook don t use facebook?create a new account connected to facebook as . your buzzfeed posts and profile will be on the web at this address. dear internet user, unfortunately, your web browser is not capable of handling the awesomeness that is buzzfeed. we highly encourage you to upgrade your browser to use this web site in the best possible ways. used in non-promotion areas like on the post b-page, homepage feed, userpage, etc. murrica: home of giant french fry holders and the glorious land of butter and bacon. used in thumbnails, widgets and ads. if you want to test the standard promotion along side these make a copy of it here. allowed html tags: please adjust options and text to fit within splash
__label__non_math	0.9886	transformers prime bumblebee rid toy review release date: january price point: . retailer: general release toys r us, target, wal-mart etc. accessories: dual barreled blaster x - on card - scan of card front - scan of card back - scan of insert - vehicle mode - vehicle mode side - vehicle mode back - vehicle mode front view - vehicle mode angle view - vehicle mode rear angle view - vehicle mode weapons attached - with first edition bumblebee vehicle modes - with first edition bumblebee vehicle modes - side by side - robot mode - robot mode side - robot mode back - robot mode close up - robot mode focus on head - with first edition bumblebee robot modes - robot mode angle view - robot mode weapon attached - robot mode close up on weapons - robot mode extra weapons attached after a very limited run of "first edition" figures, the "transformers prime" toy line kicked off with the release of its mass market toy line. under the "transformers prime" banner, these figures took on the sub-title of "robots in disguise". divided into traditional size classes such as deluxes and voyagers, this line serves as the "primary" line for the "transformers prime" brand. one of the first waves of this line included bumblebee, the heroic autobot warrior heavily featured in both the live action films and the cartoon. what this figure is not is a redeco or retool of the first edition bumblebee. it is a completely new sculpt using the same root aesthetics of the character from the television show. bumblebee's vehicle is a fictional muscle car, something i went at quite some length about in my first edition bumblebee review. the vehicle takes inspiration from the chevrolet camaro from the live action films, but changes plent of details both avoiding licensing costs and making him nice and original for the show. unlike the curved shape of the camaro, this vehicle mode is much more angled on the corners and the front end of the vehicle is set rather high and looks plenty aggressive. the cabin section is set relatively low with the rear wheel wells set rather high. the entire impression of the vehicle's shape is a vehicle that rides low to the ground, almost like an animal ready to pounce so how does this vehicle form differ from the "first edition" version? well, the biggest difference you'll notice if you put them side by side is size. "first edition" bumblebee is larger by about or so that's just an eyeball estimate, not a scientifically measured out number . when you compare the two, "first edition" bumblebee is noticably wider and longer, but not by a lot. some fans will stop right here and say "that's it, it's not worth it then bumblebee is cast in yellow, translucent blue, black and silver plastic. the yellow makes up most of the front, back and side sections of the vehicle. the yellow used is a slightly darker shade than the one found on the "first edition" figure, and honestly i prefer it. the cabin section is translucent blue. the silver is used for his weapons, which can connect in this form to the front end unlike the "first edition" version . black makes up his wheels and a bit of the details sticking out the back. of course, just the plastic colors alone does not do bumblebee justice. paint decos are done in metallic yellow, black and gunmetal. the yellow paint is mostly used for the translucent panels such as the top of the car and part of the doors on theides. the paint color is a bit darker than the yellow plastic, so expect some conrast. the black paint provides detailing such as the grille and the series of stripes starting in the front of the vehicle to the back. the engine sticking out of 'bee's hood is painted gunmetal, though you can see the yellow plastic in the hole that connects to the weapons. it's not a terribly complex color scheme, but it represents the designs from the television show very well and it looks cool. functionally speaking i've already mentioned the weapons can attach to the engine. what's better, they can attach to each other, creating a quad-barreled weapon that isn't bulky looking. for a bit more fun, each of the weapons has a 5mm hole on it, so you could attach another weapon on top of the second one transformation to robot mode: - detach the weapons and set them aside for now. - lift the cabin section. - swing the back section of the vehicle down. - separate the halves of the rear section from each other to begin forming the robot legs. - swing the robot feet down. - swing the car doors out. - swing the robot arms down. - swing the rear window in. - pull the cabin cover piece back and down. - now, holding onto the shoulder pieces made up of the front wheel wells , pull those sections out which will cause an auto-transform feature that reveals the robot head and forms the chest. - attach the weapon to the hole on either forearm. as you can tell from the transformation instructions, this iteration of "transformers prime" bumblebee has a lot more intuitive movements and the transformation is aided by a neat "auto-transform" feature. this is one of those things you either like or you don't. some fans will hate it, saying it's a "cheat". others may be reminded of similar "auto-transform" features on other lines such as "revenge of the fallen" and happily welcome them. i fall into the latter category. i think that it not only aids the transformation in a visually appealing way, but it also adds a bit of "magic" to the figure, as if in that last step of transforming the body the toy is coming alive into robot mode. size wise if the vehicle mode is smaller than the "first edition" bumblebee, you better believe the robot mode is a bit shorter too, by about a head. that said, i find this version of bumblebee has less fiddling necessary to get it to look like a solid figure. on "first edition" bumblebee, you really had to mess with his various chest panels to get him transformed correclty by the book. with this bumblebee, the auto transform ensures several of the pieces that could have been difficult to fiddle with all fall into place properly. so what of his aesthetics? some folks have said that the detail level on these figures is diminished because of their smaller size and simplified transformation, and to that i have to say - no, not really. sure some details are outright different, most notably the lack of a central, flat panel on his chest and a panel covering up his waist area. however, that doesn't make him any less detailed. his head sculpt looks fantastic and in fact, these eyes are less round than the "first edition" version and are narrowed a bit, as if he's staring an enemy down. his torso and waist area still have the look of panels overlapping machinery and his legs have some of the key details from the cgi model including the spike shaped knee armor and hook like armor panel designs near his feet. if i had to call out one aesthetic "problem" and i'm using that word loosely it would be that part of the hood from the vehicle mode winds up sticking out from behind his head, something the cgi model doesn't have, and that the "first edition" figure did not have. in all seriousness, this is the biggest strike against the figure in my book. this form is still mostly yellow plastic, and again it is a deeper colored yellow than the "first edition" and it also has some metallic flake in it, giving it a pearl like shine. some of his smaller parts such as the mid-body and parts of his legs are cast in metallic silver while his fists, inner forearms and feet are black. translucent blue is used for the light piping on his eyes and it looks quite nice along with the translucent blue headlights on his chest. a touch of yellow paint is used on armor pieces near his waist, and a bit of silver is found on his legs, but other than that he's a very "clean" looking figure, which fits with his cgi model. thanks to the stripe details from the vehicle mode, he is not lacking in painted detail in this form as they appear on his upper body and "wings". bumblebee has seventeen points of articulation in this form, which is about average. it's not amazing, but nor is it bad. it's "just right" i think. where they lack numbers the points actually count. for instance, his arms can bend at the elbows, but they can also swivel out at the shoulders. his hip joints are ball joints, but his thighs can rotate out and in as well. you'll have no problems posing this figure in cool action scenes, trust me. there are four points on each arm that allow you to attach standard 5mm peg weapons. on each forearm he has a hole on the outer armor and then his fists are in a curved position that can accomodate weapons as well. since his own weapons allow other weapons to attach to them, you can easily have bumblebee running around with six weapons or more "robots in disguise" bumbelbee definitely skirts the edge of what a "deluxe" figure can be. truth be told if he were any smaller i probably would be a bit down on the figure for it, instead i think the designers manage to hit just the right size for the figure to save the necessary costs while still delivering a strong figure. recommended, but with some understanding that its size will cause issues with some folks.
__label__math	0.6729	so, i've decided to just ditch fltk because it is bloated with features i don't need and glut seems to be just so much faster. i was only using fltk for the cross-platform opengl canvas and key handling, but now it seems i have another use for it. players of console will want to communicate, in which case i really ought to have an html output window such as that that byond uses and some form of text input. i was thinking on-canvas, but if i'm going to develop an html output control onto the window, might as well do the same for text input. are there any cross-platform libraries i can use to do this or am i going to have to migrate back to fltk? rather, is there a lighter alternative to both glut and fltk, that provide key handling, windowing, and text controls for the windows i create? i really don't want to have to learn the native apis of a bunch of operating systems to port a game to their platforms. do you think that would be better? how are they in comparison with the win32 window api--easier? harder? more or less convenient? i prefer c . or perhaps something with simple input controls, perhaps like byond's input procedure, to input a message. i can use a seperate opengl context within the same window hope this is possible to draw the text in. this should be significantly easier since i can use arguments in the procedure, rather than text parsing, to control colors. any thoughts on this?
__label__non_math	1.0000	lawrence summers remarks on the great recession lawrence summers delivered a speech about the policy decisions made during his tenure as white house national economic council director and gave his thoughts on the future of the u.s. economy. his remarks took place at the economic policy institute in washington, dc, which has frequently been critical of the obama administration s economic policies. monday, tuesday, at et
__label__non_math	1.0000	error processing your request there was an error processing your request. this could be due to the recent redesign of our website, which has moved several pages to new web addresses, or an actual please go to the c-span.org homepage and try navigating to your page from there. if you are redirected to this error page, please contact the c-span system administrator for further assistance, copying the web address above to let us know which page you were trying thank you, and our apologies for any inconvenience.
__label__non_math	1.0000	interlocken music festival announced part of its line-up today with a promise to confirm additional acts. neil young crazy horse, further, zac brown, the string cheese incident and the black crowes will anchor the new festival in nelson county. early bird tickets are scheduled to go on after the judges individual attention and constructive feedback, the finalists set their sights on the audience s votes this friday and everyone is excited about a different aspect of the performance. tufts is eager to have the exposure in the musical community and to be making connections, the default option for any working band looking to raise some quick funds is usually kickstarter, but we are star children, as always, are thinking outside the box. to help fund the distribution of their next album, the local group are instead hosting a pancake breakfast on saturday morning, one of the charlottesville s most anticipated springtime events began today with the hanging of the look3 trees exhibit. the installation has kicked off charlottesville s look3 festival of the photograph since it began in . it s really our coming out party, said look3 s managing now that the great gatsby is out, there s just one relevant question: to whom is this film targeted? it can t be people who read f. scott fitzgerald s novel when it was first released. they re dead. is it for recent high school graduates? the millennials, who are plugged into everything all the you don t have to book an international flight or travel back in time to connect with cultural relevance just buy a ticket to the ninth annual spring dance gala at pvcc. facebook postings and various message boards have announced that permits are in place and are fueling speculation about who will headline the interlocken music festival s two stages. possible performances by neil young, widespread panic, phish, and his purple highness, prince have all been a mass of jittery young actors crowded the stage on thursday night, peppering drama teacher and theater director madeline michel with last minute concerns before rehearsing monticello high school s spring musical, in the heights. then the lights dimmed, the students found their stage marks, and before there was netflix or on demand, or even sneak reviews, the only way to see an older movie was to catch a second screening at a movie house. vinegar hill, the local theater with a penchant for art house classics and independent film releases, is reviving the tradition for a one night only christian wiman is the celebrated author of three books of poetry whose work has appeared in the new yorker, the atlantic, harper s, and the new york times book review. he is also the editor of poetry magazine a position he will relinquish in june to join the faculty of the yale institute of live arts takes an ambitious foray into the comically dysfunctional dark side of a pill-popping, secret-keeping midwestern family in its spring production of august: osage county, under the direction of fran smith. this tony and pulitzer prize-winning drama by tracy letts gives an all-access despite the band name, mountain man is actually a musical group of young women: molly sarle, alex sauser-monnig, and amelia meath. the trio began singing together as students at bennington college in , and quickly got the attention of the music world, first by touring alone, and later with after nine years and an estimated million renovation and expansion, the historic state theatre of culpeper has reopened its doors for a week-long 75th anniversary celebration and a future filled with renowned musicians, film, dance, and live theater. enjoy the verbal sparring and spirited courtship of katharina and petruchio as four county players closes its 40th anniversary season with shakespeare s the taming of the shrew. comedy ensues when a determined suitor martyn kyle pursues a strong-willed and resistant maiden a fiery mendy st. leapin lizards after 239 live gigs last year, it s clear that william walter company s feel-good, high-energy rock resonates with fans across the map. walter has picked up best emerging artist accolades at floyd fest, international songwriting nominations, and national radio airplay on the road, and is hollywood is content to blow shit up in the months before may and after august in a way it never used to be, but the dog days are still the time to find the most literal bang for your dinero. here s what the studios are pushing, and what we think. the great gatsby does ... i discovered that there was no department anywhere dealing with the fact that we re being visited, and that there ought to be some sort of diplomatic outreach. cseti is our global attempt, and now we have several thousand teams who are learning these protocols that are very controversial... the day starts normally. you get into the office and grab a water from the fridge. before closing the door, you notice that lisa has once again brought lunchables. you curse her under your breath because you re envious of the vacuum-sealed deli meat treat accompanied by capri sun . as you the name and the lineup have changed since the band currently known as culture first began laying down tracks with joe gibbs in . but the group remains one of the most authentic and enduring acts in the history of roots reggae. its extensive back catalogue, comprised of nearly studio,
__label__non_math	0.9995	john reads: "i am the good shepherd. the good shepherd lays down his life for the sheep." john reads: "for god so loved the world, that he gave his only son, that whoever believes in him should not... view full description add to wishlist size not listed? to be emailed if it's re-stocked.
__label__non_math	1.0000	used motor home for sale asking price: ,450 currently located in: dorset class: class a - "coach built" to front. - feet long. items advertised on this site are being sold by private and trade advertisers. we do not buy or sell directly. if you are suspicious of any advert please report it. sorry - full details not yet available. please bookmark this page and check back later. shouldn't be long. find more motor homes... thinking of selling? advertising on c4 caravans is totally free. click here for details. t.e.c. 698 g
__label__non_math	1.0000	ca clarity ideation ca clarity ideation helps you build a community for collecting and prioritizing suggestions, requirements, and demands directly from your customers. internal or external customers and partners can voice their suggestions, add comments and vote on ideas from other customers. product managers and delivery teams can comment and collaborate, building relationships with your customers while fine-tuning requirements. you can manage unstructured ideas enabling you to efficiently capture, manage, prioritize, and convert suggestions no matter the source into requirements linked to products, services, or personas. ultimately, ideation gives you a unique perspective on demand from your customer s point of view. now you can be confident that your investments align to priorities that meet demand, create loyalty, and drive growth. featured insights and documents
__label__non_math	0.9305	there are no more options to narrow by. reference : reference : reference : reference : you have no recently viewed items. the cabela's community is growing fast - join in get exclusive deals, news, special offers. system errorplease try again later. an app built forthe outdoors. our e-mail is filled with deals, news, sneak previews, top-rated products, e-mail only specials and more. cabela's inc. .
__label__non_math	0.9651	cabela's alaskan guide series alpha fixed knife by buck knives s30v steel offers superior edge retention and strength titanium-nitride coating extends blade life flexibility and hardness while remaining easy to sharpen the alpha fixed knife sports a - " guthook blade crafted of strong s30v steel with rosewood scales. developed by crucible steel, s30v is made up of metallic powders fused together under intense pressure and heat. it is tempered under extremely high temperatures then cooled in a cryogenic freezer. the resulting metal delivers a fine combination of edge retention greater than 420hc , flexibility and hardness -rockwell while remaining easy to sharpen with conventional stones. this steel also has a high chromium content for oxidation resistance. for even greater corrosion resistance, each knife is treated with a titanium aluminum nitride coating. our field testing and independent cutlery allied trade research association tests prove these knives outperform those crafted with other blade metals. comes with a leather sheath. made in usa. overall length: - ". weight: .oz.
__label__non_math	0.9969	about: moorhead, mn moorhead, located near the red river, happens to be the largest city in northwest minnesota. the area, including a couple surrounding cities like fargo and dilworth, is known as the fargo-moorhead metropolitan area. there happens to be five different colleges in the moorhead area, including concordia college and minnesota state university-moorhead. also, the hjemkost center contains a recreation of the hjemkost vessel, a viking ship built by moorhead resident robert asp, whose children sailed on it to norway. local newspapers: the forum of fargo-moorhead local sports teams: fargo-moorhead redhawks local colleges: concordia college, minnesota state university - moorhead, rasmussen college residents of moorhead, minnesota, need to stay connected to the rest of the world more than ever before. people need top-notch customer service and high speed internet connections to keep entertained and informed. cable one takes care of you in every aspect. tough time watching all the games for the fargo-moorhead redhawks? log onto cable one's internet for your favorite sports websites, streaming video, live updating scores, and breaking news. many newspapers around the country have downsized in recent years, so they have begun to publish online versions each day, which also helps environmentally. you might be able to get your local newspapers online, like the forum of fargo-moorhead. also, college students from concordia college, minnesota state university - moorhead, rasmussen college should be able to take some of their courses online while they pursue a degree. cable one provides excellent high speed internet service, allowing people to work more efficiently, watch tv online, communicate better, and manage their websites. one of the best things about choosing cable one to be your high speed internet provider in moorhead, is that you can also combine it with other digital services for great discounts zip codes associated with moorhead, minnesota: , , , towns cities near moorhead, minnesota: glyndon, sabin, dilworth, briarwood, oakport, fargo nd.
__label__non_math	1.0000	time left to call today xfinity from comcast is not available in all areas. the anyroom comcast dvr from xfinity lets you control each tv in your crystal beach home. xfinity internet packages from comcast offer download speeds up to 105 mbps in crystal beach. that s times faster than the u.s. national average of .mbps. xfinity bundles from comcast are another great way to save some money each month by paying one provider for all of your telecommunications costs. join the of other crystal beach residents who already bundle their tv, internet, and or phone into one bill. comcast cable gives crystal beach, fl a range of programming packages for any channel lineup or price range, making sure you can choose the tv package that suits your home perfectly. create your ideal xfinity tv package with plenty of all-digital channels, on demand, and dvr options. the national average is hours of tv per week, but there aren't enough hours in the day to see all that comcast xfinity tv brings to crystal beach residents. comcast cable packages include local crystal beach channels--a must-have for sports fans. when it comes to the best in classic and current tv shows and movies, turn to everyday comcast specials. comcast provides high-speed internet to thousands in crystal beach, fl, with download speeds of up to 105 mbps. if you like all the bells and whistles, then you ll love xfinity internet from comcast. get up to seven email accounts as well as the tools to stream your favorite tv shows to all your connected devices, including computers, tablets, and smartphones. with a wide range of packages, xfinity internet in crystal beach is the smart choice for savvy surfers. everyone in the home gets the bandwidth they need for hd video streaming, no-lag online gaming, social chatting, and sharing. and with every comcast internet promotion, you'll get the constant guard protection suite, at no extra cost, for the best in online protection. comcast offers all your telecommunications services on a single statement, saving you time and money with xfinity bundles. get more with an xfinity triple play or double play bundle. more time with your favorite shows and movies, more time on the phone with friends, and more time surfing the internet. your crystal beach, fl comcast package always comes with cutting-edge equipment, whether it's in a double play or triple play bundle. bundle your home phone, cable tv, and or high-speed internet, and get great features like caller id routed to your tv, pc, smartphone, or tablet device. join the of your fellow floridians who already enjoy the benefits of bundling their telecommunications services from a single crystal beach provider. local governments license the ability to provide cable service in florida. this means that there's usually only one provider for each geographical area.
__label__non_math	0.9953	cable vs. satellite compare the differences and get the right service for you.compare now are bundles bogus? nope, they can save yousee how a bundle of cash. see the provider map. you want cable, you need cable, but who is your cable provider?view now it's easy to get cable. call -866-921- why cable tv in northbridge, ma many people in northbridge, ma have cable tv. here are a few reasons why. cable subscribers enjoy all-digital service, including hd channels, movies and on demand titles. cable tv service often comes with free hd dvrs for new customers. and installation is easy, because it requires less equipment than satellite. and you can bundle it with high-speed internet; a cable bundle means you only have to pay one simple bill every month. and a service bundle can save you an estimated every year. plus cable is: cable tv offersmore hd choices snow may mess up satellite, but itdoesn't faze cable cable can beinstalled virtually anywhere tv use in northbridge at cabletv.com we love tv. here are a few tidbits we know about it and northbridge, ma. did you know that a third of americans own four or more televisions? while of us continue to watch traditional television, nearly half of us also stream television content online. and of americans bundle their cable subscriptions with high-speed internet. northbridge's population is ,562, so that makes ,805 northbridge residents with at least four tvs, ,990 who stream video, ,125 who have a cable-ready tv, and ,485 who have a bundled contract. northbridge, ma cable internet why is it that northbridge residents are bundling their cable tv and internet and what does high-speed use look like in the area? first, bundling cable services saves subscribers an estimated per year. next, cable internet is blazing fast--above the fcc defined minimum for broadband speed--with around -mbps downstream. these two factors help explain why cable internet users represent ,660 out of ,562 northbridge residents as well as how the total broadband penetration in northbridge grew , from ,630 to ,067 households, in one year. it's easy to get cable, call -866-921- which actors are from northbridge if northbridge, ma is anything like us, it loves wentworth miller, who you watched on "prison break" locally on fox. miller began in with a guest appearance on "buffy the vampire slayer". in , he was cast as david scott in the tv mini-series, "dinotopia." from - , miller worked in tv, movies, and music videos. stardom came in in the lead role as michael scofield in the fox series, "prison break," where he plans an elaborate break-in in order to help his brother, lincoln burrows, escape. find cable tv in northbridge hopefully all this has helped you realize that we know cable like darth vader knows he feels a presence. that's why we can connect you with the right cable service, which isn't as arrogant as it sounds. local governments restrict cable companies licensing so they usually don't overlap. these regions usually only allow one provider, so enter your zip code above to find the nearest cable provider in northbridge.
__label__non_math	1.0000	time left to call today xfinity from comcast is not available in all areas. the anyroom comcast dvr from xfinity lets you control the content across every tv in your wolsey home. that s just right for you if you fit in with the , or 133 of south dakotans with multiple tvs. xfinity internet packages from comcast offer download speeds of up to 105 mbps. that s a significant increase in speed from the wolsey average download speed of .mbps. xfinity bundles from comcast are another great way to save money each month by paying one provider for all of your telecommunications costs. join the of other wolsey residents, or 290 people, who already bundle tv, internet, and or phone. comcast customers in wolsey, sd are part of the majority of americans who watch hours of television per week. if you prefer movies and tv shows, you ll love the current and classic options included in comcast specials. if you re a sports fan, you ll get the most live sports and local wolsey channels with comcast. wolsey residents can enjoy what comcast cable has to offer through xfinity tv. choose from multiple affordable packages, which include digital cable channels, dvr options, and on demand options. it s the perfect choice. you deserve the best, right? with comcast cable you get the exact television programming you want with xfinity tv. you can surf with ultra-fast internet in wolsey, sd, because comcast provides speeds up to 105 mbps. stream your favorite shows and movies to all your devices, and communicate with friends and family with up to seven emails accounts. all this thanks to comcast with xfinity internet. with xfinity internet, customers in wolsey, sd can choose from a range of packages to suit their needs. check out comcast internet promotions and find a package that's perfect for you and your family to surf the web, send emails, and play online games at super-fast speeds. get an awesome online protection package, constant guard , at no additional cost to you. get the convenience of having one statement with all your telecommunications costs. xfinity from comcast offers bundles to help you save money and time. get back to shopping online, chatting with your friends in wolsey, and watching your favorite tv shows by choosing an xfinity triple play or double play bundle. bundling also unlocks the ability to show caller id on your tv, pc, and smartphone. bundle xfinity voice and or internet and tv, and join the of south dakotans who already get their telecommunications services with one provider in wolsey. be at the cutting-edge of wolsey, sd with a triple play or double play comcast package, which guarantees you the most up-to-date digital phone, tv, and internet technology. local governments license the ability to provide cable service in south dakota. this means that there's usually only one provider for each geographical area.
__label__non_math	1.0000	visit our cabot lodge millsaps hotel calendar to find out about exciting upcoming events cabot lodge millsaps north state street jackson, mississippi phone: 601 948- fax: 601 326- toll free: 800 874- website marketing by l.e.t. group website design cabot lodge hotels provide leisure and business travelers with five convenient southeast area hotels with locations in mississippi and florida. visit
__label__non_math	1.0000	the open space division is currently accepting applications to participate in the 5th annual recycled art fair to take place saturday, april and sunday we invite you to take part the recycled art fair has two ways for artists to participate: - vendors may sell goods at a booth for a small fee for the length of the two-day fair. - we will also be accepting proposals for revived please see the guidelines and submission forms below detailing the application processes. we are also inviting educational and other organizations whose message aligns with that of the fair to participate for no fee. if you know of someone, have them contact me. my very best regards, organizer, recycled art fair city of albuquerque open space visitor center open space division 505-897- or 505-897- recycled art fair applications: deadline for artists: deadline for vendors:
__label__non_math	0.9934	off for purchase of bottles of wine off for purchase of bottles of wine liquor,special,case only bubblies excluded click articles for additional info on free and discount delivery shipping. fedex delivery discounted charges will be reduced bycabrini wines after order is only" wines can be procured by a single bottle for an additional fee of .per bottle
__label__non_math	1.0000	about the organization the latino caucus is a non-profit official affiliate of the league of california cities. established in as a community resource, the latino caucus continues its goal of improving quality of life through advocacy by addressing professional, socio economics, educational, cultural, and political issues. the latino caucus brings diversity to the league of california cities with many of the caucus members serving on the league's board of directors. as the fastest growing population in california, the caucus is charged with bringing the latino voice to state and local government discussions and decision-making meetings. the latino caucus is dedicated to developing advancement opportunities and promoting progress in the workplace, educational arena, and instilling family values by ensuring an equitable allocation of resources, increasing voter registration, and encouraging latinos to seek public office and take leadership roles in community activities. the latino caucus mission statement the latino caucus of the league of california cities serves as a leader to improve the quality of life, advocate on behalf of the latino community, and provide, promote, and develop leadership. the latino caucus is an effective voice in the development of public policy affecting our cities, constituents, and all of california. the caucus serves as a clearinghouse of statewide information key to latino issues throughout california. keeping members updated and encouraging local and statewide participation is vital to the continuing success of the latino community. in carrying out its mission and goals, the latino caucus also: publishes a quarterly newsletter providing timely information of issues facing the latino community; plans and facilitates workshops and forums focusing on issues of economic development, revitalization, housing, and public safety; conducts three regional meetings annually in conjunction with the mayor's and council member's executive forums as well as schedules other meeting open to the public throughout the year; schedules an annual meeting in concurrence with the league of california cities annual conference expo; plans and organizes an annual cinco de mayo legislative day in sacramento and schedules meetings with state legislators and statewide elected officials; promotes the election of caucus members to the league of california cities board of directors, advisory committees and special ad-hoc task forces; prepares reports and position papers for the league and the legislature on issues important to the vitality of the latino community; organizes and leads regional legislative advocacy efforts at state and local levels on behalf of the latino community; and seeks to influence and shape public policy outcomes benefiting the latino community at large by teaming with the california association for local economic development, the local governments commission, hispansas organized for political empowerment, and the california legislative latino caucus and other organizations. annual legislation day an exciting event, the latino caucus annual legislative day held in late spring in sacramento, provides members with a unique opportunity to meet with legislators and discuss areas of great importance and issues of concern. the annual legislative day agenda includes legislative updates provided by leaders of the california state senate and california state assembly on legislation and budget items, educational and informative sessions with representatives from the league of california cities and prominent business leaders from around the state, and concludes with a capitol reception, where latino caucus members can meet legislators in a relaxed and more personal setting. workshops forums each year the latino caucus sponsors several workshops and forums to inform and educate members of important issues of the day as well as providing valuable networking and information sharing opportunities on statewide basis. these workshops and forums are avenues to highlight and draw attention to issues or concerns important to latino communities. leadership, training and education the latino caucus provides members with growth, leadership and educational opportunities through a series of focused events and activities. special event topics in the past have included information regarding fair political practices commission reporting requirements, how to develop support in achieving high-level elected offices, and a thorough introduction of the legislative budget, bill, and regulatory processes. the latino caucus also works with local elected officials, mayors and city council members, and a myriad national, statewide, and community-based organizations in developing youth-orientated programs to better prepare the next generation of latino leaders in california. the latino caucus hosts several workshops and forums on local economic develop opportunities, successful planning strategies for designing and implementing economic development plans, and timely information regarding potential funding sources available to local communities to bring economic development projects to their cities. economic development forums focus on emerging issues for latinos, for all californians interested in revitalizing and bringing long-term economic vitality to their communities. perspectives of how economic development plans impact latino issues are also offered at each forum. keynote speakers and presentations are provided by successful business leaders, educators, economists, local elected officials, and state legislators. planning for the future the latino caucus developed a comprehensive five-year strategic plan, a road map for the future. several noteworthy components of five-year plan include increasing latino voter registration, implementing a leadership academy program, and generating a network of support for latino candidates at the state and local levels. the five-year plan is a work in progress, with built-in flexibility, allowing the plan to remain focused on its charge for the future while being able to address pressing issues as they develop. with california's latino population exploding, now is the time to begin shaping the latino agenda and addressing issues that uniquely effect latino communities and california's local government priorities. benefits for members your membership in the latino caucus of the league of california cities offers several valuable benefits. you will receive our quarterly latino caucus newsletter offering up-to-date information on emerging issues, calendar of events, and legislative news. members receive invitations to all special events, issues and forums, and conferences. latino caucus membership flyer league of california cities-latino caucus 770 l street, suite sacramento, ca telephone: 916 669- fax: 916 669-
__label__non_math	0.8552	all recognized stock exchanges sub: clarification regarding admission of limited liability partnerships as members of stock exchanges. we have received requests from various stock exchanges to permit limited liability partnerships llps to be admitted as members of stock exchanges so as to enable them to get registration as stock broker under sebi stock brokers and sub-brokers regulations, . . securities contract regulation rules, scrr do not explicitly mention llps as the limited liability partnership act, was a subsequent development. as per the llp act, llp is a body corporate. sub-rule 4a and of rule of the scrr provides that limited liability companies llc and partnership firms are eligible to be admitted as members of stock exchanges. in this context it may be stated that llps are akin to llc and partnership firms. . in view of the above and since the parliament has put in place a legal framework for llps, stock exchanges may consider granting membership to llps subject to llp complying with the conditions laid down in rule 4a of the scrr, as far as it can apply to llps. . the stock exchanges are advised to: a bring the provisions of this clarification to the notice of the stock brokers and also disseminate the same on their websites. b make necessary clarificatory amendments to the relevant bye-laws, rules and regulations for the implementation of the above decision in coordination with one another to achieve uniformity in approach. deputy general manger
__label__math	0.9975	a new analytical approach to estimate the effects of seus in tmr architectures implemented through sram-based fpgas ieee transactions on nuclear science, , vol. , no. , december , pp. - in order to deploy successfully commercially-off-the-shelf sram-based fpga devices in safety- or mission-critical applications, designers need to adopt suitable hardening techniques, as well as methods for validating the correctness of the obtained designs, as far as the system's dependability is concerned. in this paper we describe a new analytical approach to estimate the dependability of tmr designs implemented on sram-based fpgas that, by exploiting a detailed knowledge of fpga's architectures and configuration memory, is able to predict the effects of single event upsets with the same accuracy of fault injection but at a fraction of the fault-injection's execution time. svio05 l. sterpone, m. violante, "a new analytical approach to estimate the effects of seus in tmr architectures implemented through sram-based fpgas," ieee transactions on nuclear science, , vol. , no. , december , pp. -
__label__non_math	0.9998	my aunt jane lived with us. she was a nurse and that is just what i wanted to be. i finished high school as a nurse s aide and my union paid for me to become an lpn. i met jack while i was working and going to nursing school. he said he loved me. i told him i loved him. telling him was not enough; i had to prove it to him. we started to have sex. he was rough. i missed work because i was hurt. i lost my job. when i lost my job the union wouldn t pay for school anymore. jack said, what do you need work and school for when you have me? when the babies came, jack just got rougher. aunt jane took me to a shelter. women s survival space saved my life. when i moved to my new apartment, i didn t know how to run a family. i thought, maybe it wasn t so bad with jack after all. my case manager from women s survival space said, go to the center, they will help you. i joined the support group. the women gave me the support to go on alone in my apartment and not to call jack for help. it seems so long ago. i look back and see the things the support group did together, like the christmas and mother s day parties for the women who used to be in the shelter, and i know i can do a lot more than i thought i could. i am excited about life now. i am attending culinary school, training to be a pastry chef. my girls are doing well. i sleep at night.
__label__non_math	1.0000	not a member of cafemom yet? why join cafemom? - talk with other moms and make friends - get advice and information - have fun and grab some "me time" you need to be a member of cafemom in order to access this page. if you're already a member, just enter your cafemom screen name or your email address, and your password.
__label__non_math	0.9998	report inappropriate content the cafemom team strives to keep cafemom free of inappropriate content. here are some forms of content that should be reported: - unsolicited advertising in journal posts, messages, photos . advertising is permitted on profile pages. - slurs aimed at race, color, religion, ancestry, national origin, disability, gender or sexual orientation. - extremely graphic pictures, videos or text. make sure you understand the member and or the post message: please take a moment to make sure that you have understood the intention of the member. misunderstandings sometimes can make something appear to be inappropriate that might not be at all. know the guidelines: please review the cafemom community guidelines before reporting any content. the expression of diverse opinions is an important part of cafemom, so please make sure to only report content that breaks the cafemom guidelines. block a troublemaker: sometimes the best thing to do is block the member you are having trouble with. you can block any member of cafemom from viewing your profile page or commenting on any of your items. the blocking only works outside of groups, but that's usually enough to stop whatever is going on. click here to block someone from your profile.
__label__non_math	1.0000	funny topicsfunny sayings business humor demotivational humorous political humor adult humor funny vintage college humor drinking novelty offensive kid topicsbig sister big brother funny baby new baby cartoon twins baby boy little brother baby girl little sister kids birthdays causes topicscancer awareness breast cancer autism awareness gay pride stand up to cancer peta ovarian cancer fight like a girl get special offers from cafepress enter your email address to receive special offers and promotions from cafepress.
__label__non_math	0.9998	women's status can be measured by a culture's knowledge of and respect for women's history. women currently comprise of u.s. history books. alice paul founded the national woman's party and authored the era. the nwp's campaign for women's citizenship rights is captured in the film: iron jawed angels. alice paul and some of her many nwp activists, our foresisters, are pictured and celebrated here. we should remember the women who fought so very hard for us.
__label__non_math	0.9713	mma news, results, ufc blog, ultimate fighter, rumors, video and opinion all fighters officially made weight for ufc . a little shoving match between wanderlei silva and quintion rampage jackson was the only eventful feature of tonight s weigh-ins. for the latest on ufc , check out our ufc rumors section. i figured if there would be any problems, it would be rashad just because he is so cocky. it looked like rampage was tryong to make a joke, but wandy took it seriously. i think wandy is one guy in the whole world that would intimidate me the most. wandi seems like a really nice guy but he is no joke in those staredowns. those two really do hate one another. rampage should have known that if he opened his mouth he would set wandi off. i have never thought that rashad was cocky outside of the cage. in the cage he does dance around but every fighter does their own thing to get their rhythm. he likes to dance for some reason. who's picking forrest in this fight? i have forrest winning in boring fashion. he compares his fighting style to bisping and this fight will be as boring as the rashad bisping fight was. but i think forrest is a better fighter than bisping and he'll get the decision. ya rashad is a very cocky person. in and out of the cage. im picking forrest in this fight and so is most ppl thats why he is the favorite lol. and the only reason the bisping rashad fight was boring is b c rashad only took him down and laid on him. bisping had done more damage throughout the fight and if rashad thinks he is gonna do that against forrest he is crazy. i think forrest is more well rounded and will be able to pick rashad apart. but he could always catch forrest and finsish him off but i truely hope that doesnt happen. i cant wait to see the rampage v. waderlei fight. the first are both in my top fights of all time. return to top of page
__label__non_math	1.0000	the california high-speed rail authority authority is launching a new website on . the new website is designed to improve user experience, foster transparency and provide the authority with an online presence consistent with other state of california agencies. the new website will preserve and contain all the same documents and records as the old website. since the authority s new website has a new url, all of the internal links and webpages will change as well as the homepage. to aid with locating documents on the new website, a site map has been developed. to assist the public further, the authority will maintain its current site, in parallel with the new site, until . revised business plan, click here. summary of changes, click here. executive summary, click here the plan was approved at the hsra board s april meeting. the fresno to bakersfield revised draft eir eis is now available. to access the revised draft eir eis visit: to access the authority's small business policy and sb program plan click here get more information on employment or contracting opportunities with the high-speed train project.
__label__non_math	0.9999	december january we had a wonderful time over the last years, but like all creative endeavors, this one had peaked and it was time to move on. while the site quickly grew to be one of the most visited vw sites on the internet, we realized that, as wonderful as extrinsic recognition is, it was the creative process that interested us most. unfortunately, increasing career and life demands have limited our ability to create and innovate in recent years, removing the challenge and joy of working collaboratively on the site. our hope for the future is that vw sites will strive to be more than egocentric blogs; that people in this wonderful hobby will collaborate with the goal of growing the vw scene in inventive ways. many thanks to all of the supporters and contributors over the years; it s the friendships created that we ll remember the most, and feel fortunate that we had an opportunity to contribute to the vw scene in a modest way. john, michael and the entire cal-look.com team. continue to stay in touch with the cal-look.com community by joining thecalifornialook group on facebook.
__label__non_math	0.9711	while the standard two-toned chev is hot, we turned up the heat a little more for this living-room triptych by opting for two grey gradients and a contrasting pink panel. experimenting with colours and shades to suit your space is half the fun. three canvases , any size will work with this project. acrylic craft paint in your colours of choice if you opt for gradient colours you will need extra white paint for mixing mixing trays we used pie tins a long ruler foam paint brushes scrap paper . measure your canvases to decide the proportions of the chevron stripe. we did four-inch by four-inch stripes to work with the generous by -inch canvas. practising your design on a scrap piece of paper is important to make sure it fits on the canvas properly. . using your long ruler, draw the chevron design onto the canvas. . when mixing paint, always mix the darker colour into the white paint. starting at one end of the canvas, tape off the lines to prevent the paint from bleeding through to the next stripe. continue adding more colour to the paint as you move down the canvas. . if any paint has dripped down the sides of the canvas, carefully touch up the exterior with white paint to ensure a crisp line. . choose the perfect space in your place to show off your gorgeous new wall art.
__label__non_math	0.9996	website resides on a federal government computer system, please refer to the privacy statement of hyperlinks does not constitute endorsement by the d.o.d. of the linked web sites, or the information, products or services contained therein. for other than authorized activities such as military exchanges and morale, welfare and recreation sites, the d.o.d. does not exercise any editorial control over the information you may find at these locations. all links are provided consistent with the stated purpose of this d.o.d.
__label__non_math	0.9999	rated .out of by rated out of by buster i would buy again good comments from friends rated out of by todd the golfer great deal for the price i purchased this as an add on item to a new driver and fairway wood. i expected it to be a low quality item but was surprised that it was a very good quality item that i would have paid almost double for at any retail store. i have no complaints about it at all. rated out of by pricklepuss good headwear product very good cap at a reasonable price rated out of by gashead prefer fitted to adjustable. prefer fitted hats. rated out of by bob2smith great buy. quality cap for a bargin basement price. rated out of by stan cool cap great looking cap. worried about the adjustable clasp, but overall satisfied with fit and feel. rated out of by scotty comfortable hat rated out of by wild man great buy on great headwear. i have been enjoying callaway products for several years. they are always of the highest quality and exceed my expectations.
__label__non_math	0.9995	taylormade r7 cgb max irons taylormade r7 cgb contain tungsten cartridges in the heel and toe which increase moi for total forgiveness. the r7 cgb max irons deliver a large high strength steel club face that is fast and thin to optimize distance. taylormade r7 cgb has a hollow top-line and wide sole design allowing the center of gravity to be positioned low and deep for higher initial launch trajectory and maximum carry distance. club condition guide learn about our condition ratings and what to expect when you purchase a certified club from callaway pre-owned. view our condition guide why buy callaway pre-owned? month warranty only certified pre-owned clubs come with the same -year limited warranty against defects you get with any new callaway golf club purchase. day buy back we offer the ability to purchase any club today, and then try it in real-world conditions for up to days. certificate of authenticity verification that your certified pre-owned purchase is callaway golf. accept no substitutes. loading customer reviews.
__label__non_math	1.0000	democratic congress members are getting lessons from the fbi on how to handle threats such as several directed at their colleagues, including bricks hurled through windows and menacing obscenity-laced phone messages left for those who supported sweeping federal health care legislation. windows were shattered at four democratic offices in new york, arizona and kansas and at least members of congress have reported some sort of threats, leaders said. no arrests had been made as of wednesday, but the fbi is investigating. lawmakers who feel they are at risk will be "getting attention from the proper authorities," said house majority leader steny hoyer, d-md., who denounced the threats and vandalism at a news conference. he declined to say whether any are receiving extra security. normally only those in leadership positions have personal security guards. the brick flung through the window of a county democratic party office in rochester, n.y., over the weekend had a note attached: "extremism in defense of liberty is no vice," roughly quoting republican presidential nominee barry goldwater. a new york congresswoman whose office window also was smashed with a brick accused the republican leadership of failing to denounce attacks against lawmakers. the vandalism happened at democratic rep. louise slaughter's district office in niagara falls early friday, two days before the house passed the health care overhaul bill. "it's more disturbing to me that republican leadership has not condemned these attacks and instead appears to be fanning the flames with coded rhetoric," said slaughter, a key supporter of the bill. house republican leader john boehner of ohio said in a statement that while many americans are angry over the bill's passage, "violence and threats are unacceptable." "that's not the american way," boehner said. "we need to take that anger and channel it into positive change." some of the anger spilled over in a flood of obscenity and threat-filled phone and fax messages to the office of rep. bart stupak, d-mich. stupak vowed to oppose the health care package unless given greater assurance that it would not allow federal funding of elective abortions. he voted in favor after the administration agreed. stupak's office released some of the messages, declining further comment. "i hope you bleed ... get cancer and die," one male caller told the congressman between curses. a fax with the title "defecating on stupak" carried a picture of a gallows with "bart ss stupak" on it and a noose attached. it was captioned, "all baby killers come to unseemly ends either by the hand of man or by the hand of god." the vandalism and threats surprised a researcher at a think tank that monitors extremist groups. "i think it is astounding that we are seeing this wave of vigilantism," said mark potok of the alabama-based southern poverty law center. hoyer said people have yelled that democratic lawmakers should be put on firing lines and posters have appeared with the faces of lawmakers in the cross hairs of a target. while not directly criticizing republicans, hoyer said that "any show of appreciation for such actions encourages such action." gun imagery was used in a posting on the facebook page of sarah palin urging people to organize against house democrats who voted for the health care bill and whose districts went for the john mccain-palin ticket two years ago. palin's post featured a u.s. map with circles and cross hairs over the districts. in virginia, someone cut a propane line leading to a grill at the charlottesville home of u.s. rep. tom perriello's brother after the address was posted online by activists angry about the health care overhaul. perriello also said a threatening letter was sent to his brother's house. the fbi and local authorities were investigating. tea party activists had posted the brother's address online thinking it was the congressman's home. the post urged opponents to drop by and "express their thanks" for the democrat's vote in favor of the sweeping health care reform. nigel coleman, chairman of the danville tea party, said he re-posted the comment that originated on another conservative blog, including the address, monday on his facebook page. the posts were taken down after the mistake was discovered. "we've never been associated with any violence or any vandalism," he said. "we're definitely sorry that we posted the incorrect address." lyndsay stauble, executive director of the sedgwick county democratic party in wichita, kan., said a brick was hurled through the party's storefront plate glass window late friday or early saturday, landing in her office and gouging her wooden desk. she said that written in marker on the brick were the slogans, "no to obama" and "no obamycare." "the tone is not surprising, but the aggressiveness is," stauble said wednesday. "i'm not shocked that people are not reacting well to a large piece of legislation passed by a president that they don't like."
__label__non_math	0.7734	callisto provides consultancy, expert engineering services and undertakes research and development in the field of satellite communications, principally for ground stations. callisto's main office is located near toulouse, france where we have laboratories equipped with radiofrequency instruments and cryogenic test facilities. callisto also has engineers working in germany, italy and uk. callisto is a leading supplier for deep space communications e.g. probe missions to mars, venus , radio astronomers and specialist satellite communications, where ultra-sensitive receive amplifiers are required. this ultra-low noise performance is achieved by cryo-cooling the amplifier, to leverage superconducting properties of the key electronic components. applied to antenna from 9m to 35m in diameter, the increased amplifier performance can reduce antenna build costs by up to savings running into the millions of euros . callisto s unique designs reduce maintenance and running costs. our quality policy callisto applies procedures based on ecss standards for execution of each project to ensure efficiency, quality and customer satisfaction. this involves the preparation of project management plan for each project, which defines all project phases and divides each phases into work packages. each project is managed by a project manager who generates progress reports for the customer at regular intervals. project deliverables are controlled by a quality inspector before hand over to the customer. the callisto quality procedures and processes are geared towards continual improvement and are customer focused: everything to do with quality starts and ends with the customer. our clients enjoy a totally dedicated service, with flexibility to adapt to specific requirements. callisto is a small company, recognised and listed as an sme by the european space agency. since , callisto has worked in partnership with a number of major organisations in the space sector.
__label__non_math	0.9999	modern warfare is back the best-selling first person action series of all-time returns with the epic sequel to multiple game of the year award winner, call of duty : modern warfare . prepare yourself for a cinematic thrill-ride as only call of duty can deliver. engage enemy forces in new york, paris, berlin and other attack sites across the globe. the world stands on the brink, and makarov is intent on bringing civilization to its knees. in this darkest hour, are you willing to do what is necessary? special ops returns with a bevy of additions, including new objective-based missions and the all-new survival mode. team up online, locally, or play solo and face endless waves of attacking enemies throughout every multiplayer map. purchase and customize your weapons, air support, equipment and abilities to stand up against increasingly difficult forces and land a spot on the leaderboards. earn experience and rank up with the newly implemented progression system. the higher the rank, the more weapons, air support, and gear armories you will have available to customize so you can change your tactics on the fly. in addition to the action packed battle for freedom, the cooperative survival mode also serves as an effective training tool for competitive multiplayer action. modern warfare delivers a multiplayer experience that continues to raise the bar by focusing on fast-paced, gun-on-gun combat, along with innovative features that support and enhance a large variety of play-styles. now, you can truly define your approach with a toolkit more expansive than any previous title. killstreaks have been redesigned, new game modes are being introduced, and a gun progression system evolves your weapons over time. along with new perks, maps and enhanced private match customization, multiplayer has been completely re-balanced and polished into the most intense and rewarding experience possible. info about game from official fact sheet you must have your owne call of duty game guide modern warfare guide, by the pro gamers of w have an excelent package. you might be asking yourself, what is modern warfare ? a guide to modern warfare call of duty modern warfare is the latest game from activision and infinity ward in the call of duty series. chronologically, black ops was released in between modern warfare and , so mw3 is not a true sequel to mw2. we can expect modern warfare to have a similar skin and theme to modern warfare , with updated weapons, perks, and killstreak rewards from both mw2 and black ops. black ops was the number one selling game of all time, and modern warfare is actually predicted to break that record, and it is not hard to see why the game is a lot of fun these guides are sold seperately our modern perks guide and our moderern warfare killstreaks guide. this will help you create ideal builds in modern warfare for multiplayer. you want all your perks to match up to create synergy with your weapons to fulfill a specific role in the game. you can. we will also go over things like perks and weapon attachments so you know how to set these up in a way that synergizes and creates a good class. a modern warfare multiplayer guide, which will be dedicated to the best cod mw3 multiplayer strategies. here, i will cover things like maps, game modes, and achievements. you will find tips for leveling up faster so you can get the best weapons and access prestige mode faster. more specific strategies coming soon to our multiplayer guide. a section on tips and tricks, where i finish off this call of duty modern warfare guide with everything that did not fit into any other part of this mw3 guide. this could include things like unusual builds, tips on how to get more kills, and all kinds of tricks you can use to gain an advantage on the competition. this guide is going to be continually added to over time, so be sure to check back often for more updates. we just loaded up our perks guide and will be hopefully getting our killstreaks guide up before the end of the new year. from there, we will work on expanding the multiplayer section. call of duty modern warfare released on . since the game just came out, we are still compiling the top strategies based on our own experiences and also by learning from the best players we come across in-game. mw3 guide regularly, so check back for more information as we constantly update our site. finish everything up over the next month only .sh
__label__non_math	0.9524	credit: popular science daraio awarded sloan fellowship caltech's chiara daraio is among this year's crop of sloan research fellows. daraio, who this year was promoted from assistant to full professor of aeronautics and applied physics, is one of 118 faculty from across the country to receive the two-year, ,000 fellowship, given to early-career scientists and scholars in recognition of achievement and the potential to contribute substantially to their fields. "it's a great honor for me to receive a sloan research fellowship, a very competitive award," says daraio, whose research focuses on the design and testing of new materials with "unprecedented" mechanical properties. "we design new materials by assembling fundamental building blocks that interact nonlinearly, and we can choose these nonlinear interactions by controlling, for example, the shape and material properties of the building blocks. the materials we design can have several practical applications, from acoustic imaging to shock absorption." "i am particularly pleased because the fellowship is awarded primarily in the basic sciences physics, in my case and this means that our research is being recognized also for its contribution to the basic sciences, beyond its engineering origins," says daraio. her group will use the funds to support a new research area related to the study of strongly nonlinear mechanical phenomena at micro- and nanoscales. presented annually since by the sloan foundation, the fellowships are awarded in chemistry, computer science, economics, mathematics, evolutionary and computational molecular biology, neuroscience, and physics. potential fellows must be nominated by their peers and are subsequently selected by an independent panel of senior scholars. once named, sloan research fellows are free to pursue whatever research most interests them, and they can use their fellowship funds in a wide variety of ways. thirty-eight sloan research fellows have gone on to win the nobel prize in their fields. written by kathy svitil
__label__non_math	0.9995	in stock ships same day check store availability this modular spiral binding opens and closes to add or replace sheet protectors. in addition, the durable polypropylene protects and clearly displays your artwork and documents. each of the super clear pages are designed to lay completely flat while open.
__label__non_math	1.0000	- member since: - last broadcast: - sexual preference:straight - relationship status:committed - age: - location:mg, brazil - spoken language s :portuguese - height: '" - recreational drugs:no - body type:average - hair color:grey - hair length:short - body hair:little - eye color:brown apos anos prazerosos e esporrosos de cam4, estou me despedindo, obrigado a estas mulheres maravilhosas e suas tetas voadoras do you enjoy cyber-sex? sim, gosto. do you use sex toys? as vezes sim. do you enjoy oral sex? sim. do you enjoy anal sex? sim do you enjoy porn movies? sim are you interested in sex with multiple partners? sim do you enjoy bdsm? do bdm, sim. what other types of sex are you interested in? o mundo tem um mundo de varia es no sexo, seja no tempo ou no espa o. os que eu vier a saber e quizer conhecer. what is your favorite sexual fantasy? festa com bacantes. what do you look for in a sexual partner? tesao, cumplicidade. who is the one person you would most like to have sex with? luz del fuego, da linhagem vivacqua. my friends and favorites by watching this: you acknowledge and agree that you shall not post, upload, publish, transmit or make available in any way content of this page including images and recording streamed live or video available for download. penalties of
__label__non_math	0.9992	select the "search and apply" link located on our careers section. following that, if this is your first visit, click the "search openings" box; if you are a returning visitor, you can log-in with your user name and password. what do i do if i forgot my password or login? from the home screen, you can click on "forgot password" and you will automatically receive a temporary password to enter the system. how do i find the position i am looking for? select the "search and apply" link. you will then be able to search postings by location, job category or keywords. if my computer is down or i am having problems getting through your application process, is there any other way to apply? you must submit an online application in order to be considered for any position at cambia. if you are having computer issues, you are welcome to visit the closest cambia office and apply at a kiosk in human resources during business hours. i noticed that a position open earlier is now unlisted. can i still apply? if a position is no longer posted on our website, it means we are no longer accepting applications for that job opening. you may create a profile within our applicant system to save for future openings. please note that you must apply to a specific job posting to be considered. will i be contacted if i am not chosen for an interview? no. unfortunately, due to the high volume of applications we receive, only those individuals who are selected to move forward in the interview process or those from whom we need additional information regarding background and experience will be contacted.
__label__non_math	1.0000	cambium residents are building their own homes or having them built by professionals in an eco friendly style to combine comfort with the minimum impact on nature. build yours yourself or benefit from our design and build service or choose your favourite mix of the two approaches. house design is as free as your imagination. if you ve had enough of the modern rat race, come and find your roots in this beautiful, verdant, tropical land. quarter acre plots are still available for the price of a decent car.
__label__non_math	0.9924	tired of hollow promises? engineered for riders wanting a lightweight fr dh crank. these cranks are manufactured in canada using optim-al, an alloy stronger than alloy, so no need for pedal inserts. whether dropping in big or vying for a spot on the podium, your prayers have been answered. specifications: built for: fr dh racing size: 165, 170, 175mm , 83mm or 100mm weight: 915g 170mm with 36t ring bb 990g 170mm with 36t sr, bash guard bb ring configuration: , bash
__label__math	0.5534	- publication date:february - dimensions: 246 x 189 mm - weight: .9kg - replaced by9780521172967 this is the first textbook that integrates both general and specific topics, theoretical background and biomedical engineering applications, as well as analytical and numerical approaches. this quantitative approach integrates the classical concepts of mechanics and computational modelling techniques, in a logical progression through a wide range of fundamental biomechanics principles. online matlab-based software along with examples and problems using biomedical applications will motivate undergraduate biomedical engineering students to practice and test their skills. the book covers topics such as kinematics, equilibrium, stresses and strains, and also focuses on large deformations and rotations and non-linear constitutive equations, including visco-elastic behaviour and the behaviour of long slender fibre-like structures. this is the definitive textbook for students.
__label__non_math	0.9998	customer service rep is currently: available new visitor information: site help troubleshooting: lost password retrieval: feedback:send us feedback thank you for visiting camchatrooms.co.uk below, you will find answers to the most frequently asked questions we receive regarding our model community, how to behave in our chat rooms, the benefits of becoming a member and, of course, those pesky technical issues. if you have any additional questions, clickto chat with a live your safety and satisfaction are top priorities on camchatrooms.co.uk and we want to ensure you always feel secure when choosing us. our contact information and physical address are available on this site for your reference and we are also accepted by visa, mastercard and discover for secure purchase processing. due to the nature of the service we provide, we will always go to great lengths to make sure your purchases are completely discreet. we will contact you by email to address your concerns and comments and never send anything by physical mail. our support staff will behave professionally if you are required to contact our customer service for any issue. all transactions will appear as inoveo.com on your credit card statement for discreet billing. if you would like more information regarding the nature of these transactions, please visit our payment provider websites: for your added privacy: please be aware that we may be required to disclose information on joint credit card accounts if the second party is named on the account. for this reason, we recommend that you use a payment method that your significant other is not associated with. it is also recommended that you use a personal email address to keep your account confidential. about our models: if you're new to live sex shows and sex chat you're probably curious about the best part of the whole experience: those sexy webcam models the majority of our models are from eastern europe, asia, and latin american countries. salaries in these countries are typically lower than in north america and western europe, so being a webcam model can help them make a good living. most of our models are also students and work as models while they are going to school. you will find all kinds of different models on our site, from beautiful amateurs, next door types and some seriously hot undiscovered talent. most of our models are not porn stars or typical sex industry workers they are just average open-minded people looking for fun and excitement. many models and members become good friends and some even make real lasting connections. to keep our environment safe and fun, we ask that everyone always treat each other with respect. become a member: the more you take a model private, the more they will get to know you and respond to you when you visit them. don't expect them to fulfill too many requests in the free chat rooms, they are only allowed to show nudity and get hardcore in the private cam rooms. plus, if you keep asking them to do the same thing and never take them private they'll likely become annoyed with you for not being serious and wasting their time. don't expect them to be your best friend right away. some of the models are very compassionate and understanding when you are feeling stressed and need to vent but, just like in real life, it takes time to develop a good relationship. don't ask for a free show: most models shy away from users who beg for free shows and focus their attention on serious members. if you ask for nudity or something hardcore for free, your requests are likely to go unanswered and, if you upset the model, you may be kicked from the chat room. english is not the first language of most of our cam models so please be patient with them. they usually know sexy words and are pretty good at putting things together but sometimes you may have to explain things to help them understand. lots of models use the chat as an opportunity to learn english, especially slang...they are taught very formal english in school and will have a harder time understanding slang. please be aware that we do not tolerate any: any rude behavior directed towards a model or another member guest. spamming or promoting other websites through our chat rooms. your affiliate id will be noted and reported to your sponsors, along with your i.p. address, date and the time of the occurrence which may result in you forfeiting your earnings. no sharing of personal email addresses in the free chat. the over usage of foreign language - please chat in english only. using bad language excessively or speaking more extremely than what a model is prepared to deal with. you will be automatically kicked from a room for: abusive use of caps - typing in caps is considered shouting in chat and, therefore, rude. repeating and flooding - repeating the same thing over and over again or repeatedly cutting and pasting text will get you automatically banned from the chat. if you feel you have been kicked from a room for unfair reasons or wish to report a rude or abusive user, please contact a please note: our models have the ability to kick guests members from their rooms and, most of the time, this decision is left to their discretion. below, you will find the codes for all the smiley emoticons that are currently available for use in our model chat rooms. simply type a code into your chat message box for example :- and it will appear as a smiley when you press enter. remember: please use these emoticons to compliment your conversation and do not flood the chat room by repeatedly displaying the same smilies. you will risk being kicked from the room for any abusive behavior or flooding. why can't i view any of your live videos? the majority of the models on the site operate in adobe flash. to run the video stream you will need adobe flash player or above. if you do not have it installed on your computer, you can download it for free here: if installing flash for the first time you may be asked to install the adobe flash player installer add-on at the very top of your screen please allow pop-ups during this installation process . click on the pop-up link and select 'install activex control...' a pop up window to install the software will then appear. click on 'install' to continue. still not working? please contact a live what is the best browser to use when using your site? for best results please make sure you're browsing with using internet explorer or firefox using a dsl or cable modem on either an intel pentium ii 450mhz or faster processor or equivalent and 128mb ram if using a windows based platform. other browsers will work but the best results are found with internet explorer or firefox. if you do not currently use these browsers, you can download them for free here: do your models offer sound in their chat rooms? the majority of our models offer sound, with the exception of those who do not use a microphone. to adjust the volume in a chat room, click on the volume icon on a model's video feed. if you do not hear any sound, simply ask the model politely if they are willing or able to make sound available. sound is available in free, full private, semi-private, member chat and daily theme shows. i am having difficulties connecting to the chat is it my firewall? you might experience difficulties connecting to the chat if your browser security settings are too high or if you have a firewall. it is recommended that you adjust your settings in order to access the free chat. i use a mac am i able to access your site? macintosh users may access our site with either a powerpc g3 500mhz or an intel core duo or faster processor with 128mb of ram. do you have other technical questions that need answers? speak live with a or you can contact us by email at firstname.lastname two-way video webcam help: camchatrooms.co.uk offers a free cam-to-cam option for our members who have a webcam. you can use this -way video feature to chat and engage in a -on-private show with a model so you can view each other and make the experience more intense than a regular private show. models may choose not to accept a user's cam request and will report inappropriate content. please make sure to read the terms and conditions before entering cam2cam mode. for more information on how to use the cam2cam feature in private shows, visit our two-way video webcam page. for your reference and ease of use, here is a complete step-by-step walkthrough of how to become a free member on our site. creating a basic account is free and easy. all you need to do is enter your desired username, password and email address directly into the header banners located at the top of our main pages or by clicking any join button or member feature on our site. please write down your login information and do not share it with anyone else. you are responsible for the safekeeping of your username and password. once your basic account is active, you will be asked to verify your account using your credit card. to create your account for free, select the .package. your credit card will not be charged unless you choose to add a different deposit package. you will now be directed to our secure verification page where you can enter your credit card and billing address details to verify your account. your credit card will not be charged unless you choose to add an introductory token package valued greater than .. by verifying your account, you will automatically pass our age verification requirements and complete your account to receive unlimited lifetime member access. please be sure to read the terms and conditions and check the box once this is done. upon successful verification of your membership, you will receive an automatic email confirmation at the address you provided. please verify your junk mail folder and add our email to your list of accepted contacts. if at any time you are experiencing a problem signing up please contact awe are here to help hours a day. once your free account has been created, you will need to get some tokens enjoy a show with one of our models 1on1, semi-private, celebrity theme shows or member chat . just click on any of our "add tokens" links to add tokens to your account. there are different membership levels on our site: regular membership - -day limit: when you join our site, you become a regular member and are allowed to spend up to every days. as a regular member, you also have the opportunity to upgrade your account to the executive membership. becoming an executive is free and will add you complimentary tokens to use on any of our private, member chat or semi-private services that we offer. executive membership - -day limit: to be approved for executive membership, you will need to follow the instructions on the screen from the buy time page. make sure your name, address and birth date are correct. if you are having difficulty upgrading please contact our customer service department. note that it may take up to business days to be approved for executive. you will receive free tokens with your executive membership elite membership - no spending limits this is like our super executive membership. with an elite account you can spend as much as you like on our site without limitations. to be approved for elite membership you will need to print and sign the elite user form and provide us a copy of your signed credit card both sides and an id card with a picture. please submit the required information by fax at 514-334- or by email to email and as soon as we get the documents we will approve your elite membership. all of our models are available for free chat when they are not in member chat, performing a feature show or in a private session. simply click on the model you'd like to chat with and you will enter their free room. in this space, you and our other guests may chat with the model and each other. free chat is non-nude so models are not allowed to show any nudity whatsoever. the broadband video is free for our guests, however full screen videos are only available for members. this is one of the best ways to preview what a particular model can do. these chat rooms are members-only spaces where a model will offer nude chat and perform for multiple users at once. the models are instructed to take requests and the chats get hotter and more hardcore as more members join in the fun. member chats are always fully nude with the added value of toy and masturbation action. when a model finishes her member chat she is always available for private 1on1 sessions immediately afterward or will return to free chat. this is our most popular form of video chat. simply take the model of your choosing into a private session where they will fulfill your fantasies and deepest desires in an intimate show just for you. only you may chat with the model here so you can have them all to yourself. anything is possible in the private 1on1 sessions but it is entirely up to the model what requests will be fulfilled. semi private shows: this discounted option will allow you to "peep" in on private shows for a truly voyeur experience. while you cannot direct the action, chat with the model, or see what is being typed, you will see all the action at a greatly reduced rate daily hardcore theme shows: to add a little spunk to your junk, we offer hour hardcore theme shows every day that feature one or more models doing any number of naughty things on cam - absolutely free for our members special live events: tune into our special live events to interact with some of the top performers in porn today all of our shows are available at a token-per-minute rate, using tokens that you can purchase from our add tokens page. we accept visa, mastercard and discover credit cards and solo and switch debit cards. purchasing with a credit card is the fastest way to add tokens to your account. please note that for security reasons you cannot use your credit card outside the country from which it was issued. you may send us an international money order to the address below. your tokens will be added to your account as soon as we have received and processed your money order. if you don't currently have an account, we will create you one. please include your full name, email address and phone number with the money order. we will not contact you by phone due to the nature of the service we provide your phone number is simply used for reference. inoveo communications inc. h4r 2b7 canada this option is available for u.s. residents only. it's exactly like a normal check, except that it's processed through the internet. when you use the e-check system for the first time, it can take up to business days weeks to verify your account information. after your initial verification, it should only take -business days about a week for the e-check to be processed. we don't usually do this but if you are a good customer we can accept direct bank wire transfers. the minimum amount is 500 usd. contact firstname.lastname for more information. why was my transaction declined? if you try to purchase using a credit card and your transaction is declined you will receive an error code, for example . please report the error code to a live and they will work with you to resolve the issue as quickly as possible. why was my transaction suspended? if your transaction has been suspended, it will need to be verified by our staff. to make the process faster and to avoid your transaction ultimately being denied, you should contact our customer service line -866-448- toll free in can and usa or our international number -514-527-. i made a purchase but have not received any tokens - where are they? if you have successfully made a purchase and received the receipt by email but did not receive your tokens please contact us immediately. if you did not receive a receipt this usually means the transaction was not completed. note that the delay for e-checks is up to business days the first time using this service and between and business days for any subsequent e-check purchases. have i reached my spending limit and what can i do to upgrade? we have different memberships on our site, each with different spending limits. if you have reached your limit, you may need to apply for a higher level of membership to add more tokens during a day span. here are the limits for the type of memberships. regular member: every days. executive member: every days elite member: unlimited if you would like to know more about our different memberships, please visit the type of membership section of our help pages. i upgraded to executive but i still haven't received my free tokens yet is your executive application approved yet? you can see the status of your account by checking your account info on the site. it can take up to business days to be approved for executive. note that you can only receive the free tokens once on our system. i need to contact you about a billing or membership issue what do i do? for any billing or membership related issues, please don't hesitate to contact us via any of the methods below. our customer service department is open -. please have all necessary information ready prior to contacting us. you will need to supply your user name, the email address you supplied when joining the site, and your issue. be advised it is not necessary to include your full credit card information when emailing our support, do not include your full credit card info for help correspondence. inoveo communications inc. h4r 2b7 canada
__label__non_math	0.7906	i recently purchased a set of fotodiox step up rings through amazon usa for .usd. i purchased the kit in order to use a 58mm bw polarizer i had already had on my nikon 50mm f1.8d 52mm thread and tokina 100mm f2.macro 55mm thread as this was a cheaper alternative than buying a new filter. the long time photo hobbyist and pros here will obviously already know about step up rings but figured it may be worth mentioning them for the newer hobbyist. so here they are, the kit consist of step up rings in the following increments: 49mm to 52mm 52mm to 55mm 58mm to 62mm 62mm to 67mm 67mm to 72mm 72mm to 77mm as far as construction the rings are made out of aluminum i think and are the same quality as the metal rings found on low to mid range filters. since by their nature the rings are designed to be thin and circular i'm sure you could bend if you're careless. however, after they are mounted to a filter and lens it shouldn't be a concern. brass would be a better alternative but that would be unrealistic at this price range. hey at least their made of plastic. as for storage, you can easily fit them into a or plastic case that filters come in if you have on to spare. their also quite sturdy when connected end to end and that provides another option for storage. and here's the 58mm b w polarizer mounted to my 50mm f1.8d using the -and -. vignetting may be a concern for some but unfortunate that's not a question i can answer for everyone. all i can say is it doesn't effect the 50mm f1.8d but i'm using a crop sensor camera with a full frame lens.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the username you've selected is not available. please select a different username. your username may not contain the combination of letters you chose. e-mail valid e-mail address : "camflirters.com blew my mind away better models, better quality and very easy to browse "every time i go online i find more and more beautiful models ready to please and super friendly "great to finally have one place to find everything a man wants. good prices, best experience, no time wasters, just good sexy fun this website is strictly for adults only camflirters.com
__label__non_math	0.9876	the integrative group therapy igt clinic specializes in delivering group therapy treatment to clients suffering with concurrent addiction and mental health problems. the goal of the clinic is to address each client's needs as a whole person, by utilizing a variety of treatment approaches. the clinic consists of several types of groups for different addiction and mental health needs. the first contact with the clinic staff, which would occur only after the client had completed the general assessment, usually involves a telephone screen to determine if one of the igt group treatments is a good match to client needs. referral required: clients must be seen first in the intake assessment service for an general assessment and will then be referred for clinic specific assessment. contact: 416 535- ext. location: white squirrel way 2nd floor on camh s queen street site, just west of queen st. w. ossington avenue intersection .
__label__non_math	0.9936	the cycle was host to a number of classic opposition research hits. just ask richard blumenthal and mark kirk, both caught exaggerating their military records, or meg whitman, found to have employed an illegal immigrant as a maid for almost a decade. it also saw more opportunities than ever to get research out, via various online conduits, and increased recording of candidates by trackers hoping to capture the next macaca moment. but is there a risk that more and more oppo material will yield diminishing returns? and can research even make a difference in a wave election? to find out, we organized a shop talk discussion among four veteran opposition researchers over lunch. an edited transcript of the conversation, which was moderated by c e managing editor daniel weiss, follows. mike gehrke gary maloney tracy sefl mary anne carter mike gehrke is a senior project director at the benenson strategy group. he has been the research director for the dnc, the dscc, and john kerry s presidential campaign. gary maloney, who heads jackson-alvarez group, has worked for nine republican presidential campaigns, along with many other clients. tracy sefl is a democratic strategist who served most recently as a principal at navigators global. she has also worked for the glover park group, hillary clinton s presidential campaign, and the dnc. mary anne carter is a research director for republican campaigns of all levels across the country. she currently works for florida governor rick scott. c e: what was the role of opposition research in the cycle? how did it differ from earlier cycles? mike gehrke: i was surprised at how much very good stuff that was put out there by both sides was either completely unnoticed or didn t make a difference. i can think of half a dozen campaigns where they were very excited about the opposition research they had and found that once it was put in play, it didn t make much of a difference at all in the race. gary maloney: do you think that it was different in house versus senate races, since the house races seemed to be more on the order of a wave? gehrke: all the exceptions i can think of were definitely senate races. well, there were a couple of house races. but, certainly, harry reid s race was one where it mattered a lot to his win. tracy sefl: i think in this cycle, the bar was simultaneously raised and lowered when it came to using opposition research. it was raised in that your information had to be quite literally incredible. and the bar was lowered in that things could be used differently than ever before. they could be used through different channels than ever before. but i think mike s right. a lot of things didn t ultimately matter. mary anne carter: i think there were two things that really stand out in my mind. one is the amount of candidate research, and when i say that i mean our candidates asking to have analysis done on them first so they could anticipate the hits that were going to come. because now there is facebook and twitter and youtube and all the other venues out there. typically stuff that you would only see in paid advertising can now make its way out there. before you would be like, well, here are my two or three biggest vulnerabilities. now you better have your twenty or twenty-five biggest vulnerabilities covered because there is going to be a vehicle for it. the second thing is unless you were going to have something that rises to great prominence, if you really want a message to get out there you really have to have the money to get the penetration. senate majority leader harry reid made effective use of controversial statements by his opponent, sharron angle, as in this ad, what s next? maloney: but even then you have somebody like mcmahon in connecticut. early on they had what i think in most elections would have been a lethal hit against blumenthal, and she had the money to make it stick. they had the information on him falsifying his military records, just had it down cold, and it didn t make a difference. blumenthal ended up winning handily. that was a case where you had the money to make it stick, and it just didn t matter. was that because of connecticut? carter: well, i think a couple things. one, i think that was played out way too early. and two, i think the mcmahon team handled it incorrectly by taking credit for it. sefl: when i look back on the blumenthal story, i think more about that than the story. the very idea of publicly claiming credit for it. everybody knows that behind closed doors you can high five and take credit and feel gratified that your days or weeks and in some cases months of work paid off. but you don t do it publicly, and you don t do it through the press. however, i could also see how it would be a very smart gamble to take credit for a hit and have that pay off. this wasn t that hit. maloney: well, it paid off in the short term, but it was so early it ended up just being part of the background noise, and perhaps the mcmahon campaign wasn t the best vehicle to deliver that blow. gehrke: the victory lap was a little unseemly, but they didn t have a second act either. republican connecticut senate candidate linda mcmahon used footage of her opponent, richard blumenthal, misrepresenting his military service in this ad, what else? maloney: that s it. what about the hit against whitman? i mean, that was an even better-funded campaign and, one could argue, a better-run campaign. she was close the whole way and she never recovered from that. sefl: the senior people on the whitman campaign like to point out that the story was actually an oppo-product of the nurses union and that it was orchestrated brilliantly. i don t think anyone on the whitman team knows how the union came into that information, but they do know it was that union that orchestrated it. the comparative story between governor brown and meg whitman has been so focused on the funding disparities and whatnot. but i think a lot of the whitman people will tell you that jerry brown benefited from all of that outside support and to have that devastating hit come from the union was further proof of that. maloney: so is there a lesson there that you should parcel out some of your most lethal hits for third parties? sefl: well, i think to be clear it s not necessarily true that the brown campaign parceled that out. but the question is a good one, and i think it would be a very contextual decision based on where you were running. gehrke: maybe one of the lessons, too, is that if you re a third-party group looking to have an impact on a race, this is a new way to do it rather than just dumping your points on the air. c e: to get back to the blumenthal example for a second, it s interesting that mark kirk also ran into problems with his representation of his military service, and he also didn t end up losing. is this just a case of two instances with very flawed opponents mcmahon and giannoulias? or was misrepresentation of military service not what resonated with the voters this cycle? carter: i think a lot of that still depends on where you live. my guess is that there are not a huge number of military living in connecticut, so while it was a huge issue to a lot of people, and it certainly made national news, within that state it probably didn t affect the population that it really would have influenced because they don t have the population there. but certainly i think an issue like that down south, played well, played later, could have had a huge impact on the outcome of the race. maloney: now, mary anne, you worked for rick scott. and, i know from personal experience that you had as much thrown at you as at any candidate in the country. carter: that is correct it was a very easy campaign. laughter this may have been the closest the cycle came to a macaca moment. seven-term congressman bob etheridge d-nc roughed up a pair of conservative activists who asked him if he supported president obama s agenda. etheridge went on to narrowly lose his bid for re-election. maloney: what was most effective at parrying research attacks that you found? carter: well, i will tell you in this race, more so than many races i have been involved with, i felt it was daily hand-to-hand combat. in both the primary and the general, the opposition was well funded and had done research well. we luckily had also done the same thing, so we were able to fight fire with fire. we were lucky in the primary because our opponent had a long congressional record, and times had changed since he was a member. here we were ten years after he left congress, and votes that had been made back then that might have seemed ok really stood out ten years later. we just had a wealth of information that we could go back to and look at. c e: gary, i know you have some ideas about how the use of research differed along partisan lines in this cycle. could you talk a bit about that and see what the others think about it? maloney: i think there was more democratic research that drew blood this year than on the republican side. i also think that part of that was that the democrats needed it more, because the wave was against them. i think there was an emphasis on that especially in senate races, and that there seemed to have been a different approach in the senate campaigns than the house campaigns. both of them used research heavily and often very effectively, but i really think that research helped save the senate for the democrats. in the case of harry reid, he was aided by bloodletting on the republican side. you certainly saw in nevada, in delaware, and in alaska, that attacks on somebody s record or in the case of sue lowden on things that she had said became major factors deciding factors in the primaries. would you say folks that the strongest stuff by reid was basically angle s record? gehrke: yeah, a lot of record, a lot of video, and a lot of response to how she responded and making the most of what they could there. it was a really nimble campaign for its size, i thought. they did a very good job researching, but also were among the smarter ones in how to deploy it and use it, too. sefl: and they knew that their opponent would respond. maloney: do you think the democrats won the research war this year? gehrke: that would be a hollow prize i guess when it comes to that or the house of representatives. sefl: i don t know that anyone ever wins a research war. gehrke: i do know there has been a much more concentrated investment in trying to put together a strong research presence on the senate side in the past four to six years. carter: i think the democrats can point to some of their victories, especially in the senate, and attribute a lot of those victories to research. depending on the opponent, they were either allowed to make them look hypocritical or allowed to redefine them. on the republican side, the wave was so strong that there was great research out there, but it was almost as if it wasn t needed nearly as much. especially if you were running against an incumbent house member, then the republican challenger s campaign research had been done for them the year before: the votes and a lot of association with the president. gehrke: yeah, if you re a republican campaign manager and you re looking at several possible ads to put on the air and you ve got a research-based hit or you ve got nancy pelosi and barack obama on healthcare, i gotta think the numbers pretty much guided your decision on that this cycle. maloney: were trackers more aggressive this year? from my understanding, in some cases they were. or was there just more of it? carter: we actually did see quite a bit of it down here in florida, not so much in some of the other states across the nation that i was involved with. but everyone s a tracker now. basically anyone with a cell phone is a tracker, and reporters are now all carrying either their cell phones with a video camera or the flip cameras. so every candidate now has to be on twenty-four-seven, and nothing is off the record anymore. so i think candidates always have to be prepared because they are always either on camera or mic d. sefl: i think that is an excellent point, mary anne, about the press becoming trackers. in the endless quest for the nano news cycle, to have real-time tweets from an event or whatever it may be, that has enormous implications for both sides of any campaign. gehrke: there was a lot of tracking footage in ads this time, too. you know, that grainy footage that a media consultant would never use before because it s not pretty. carter: i m curious what my colleagues on the other side think about what is going to happen over the next year or two in terms of this president s agenda and whether democrat members are going to be as in line with that agenda as they were in the previous two years. we were talking about the wave and how for republicans the research was already done in a way. i m curious if you guys think strategically congress and the administration might try to change their ways to basically not give free opposition research packages to republicans again. maloney: well, reid was able to block senate votes on many things last time, filling the amendment tree, et cetera, et cetera. and from a legislative research point of view, you always want votes. give us some votes, was often what researchers would say to the legislative people. give us amendments. give us recommittal motions in the house. give us something so that we have the other side on record. this was something that pelosi blocked by having the stranglehold on rules so there ended up being almost no amendments on major bills. it was recommittal motions and that was it. closed rules all the way. gehrke: i m not sure how it s going to play out this year in that regard. i do remember in there was a wealth of stuff to work with because the republicans came in in to reform the process and said, we re going to allow votes on everything. and it s like, ok. thank you, speaker gingrich. in by the end of the cycle i could rattle off the date, the cite, the vote number, practically the page from the congressional record where that vote was because we used twenty votes over and over and over again. c e: in the cycle, did a lot of the first-time candidates, particularly on the republican side, present especially rich targets for research? and did using research against those first-time candidates who were presenting themselves as non-career politicians pose any special opportunities or challenges? maloney: in republican primaries this year, dealing with first-time candidates became a real challenge. my experience with first-time candidates or unknown candidates is that smaller things become magnified because you have a vacuum of information, and the vacuum sucks and it ll suck whatever little loose bits are out there. so you have these tea party candidates, some of them well meaning, some of them completely irresponsible, and if you are going to do research on them, you are talking about starting at square zero, because they do not have any sort of normal background for somebody running for office. and so that means that things that would not register in a normal situation are in fact all you have to work with. so you have a tax lien, or you have a lawsuit, or you have traffic tickets, or you have property that they own and there has been stuff dumped on it. just minor, tiny things, but if that s all there is to work with, then that s what you end up working with. gehrke: heck, most of that just made them more authentic. maloney: oh no, they were authentic, and some of them did quite well, but it was as if qualifications were a hindrance in many of these races. carter: one issue that really hasn t been discussed in the races yet is the relevance of the mainstream media. some candidates ignored the mainstream media for the most part or maybe held a press conference or two. they went around to a lot of the other media outlets and did tv, but they in essence ignored the press and bypassed it. c e: from a research perspective is that now becoming the preferred route, to get stuff out through blogs or outfits that are friendly to your candidate rather than going through the new york times or whatever the big mainstream organization in your area is? sefl: i would answer that by saying the qualifications for campaign staff can no longer be so cookie cutter and to truly be effective in doing all of those things, in rechanneling the way you get your information out, you have to have staff that is creative and not doing things by rote. maloney: are you saying that you don t just hire former print reporters automatically? in other words, you re looking for a different type of talent. or are you looking for people who will do different things and won t just hang out with the same old five reporters? gehrke: yeah, you can t ignore the five reporters, but you ve got to have people who are going to be open to doing other things. the person you want around the table is someone who weighs the idea and tries to figure out how it fits and how to make it happen, and you can t afford to say no to many ideas these days. you have to do the basics and do them well, but there are just so many more variables, you can t just cross things off the list. maloney: when you say basics what do you mean? gehrke: for researchers, it s the votes, quotes, and anecdotes. you ve gotta know how your guys voted, how your opponents voted. some sense of what they ve said in the past and all the stuff that goes into the foundations of what the campaign s going to be about. that stuff hasn t changed much. maloney: would you say that more of our research can now get out so if we have twenty-five hits on our opponent, print will only carry five or ten. those other fifteen would you say can now be used because there are more outlets? that the sheer volume that s out there in the blogosphere and cable news and politico, tpm, slate, those outlets allow for a higher percentage of your research to get out? it would seem that that would be so. gehrke: i think i agree with that. you have to then ask to what effect. i mean, there is more of a need to flood the zone and keep the tpms and politicos of the world busy and working hard and focused on your race as opposed to focused on your opponent or someone else s race. but i don t think many voters see very much of that. sefl: right, that s the grand irony many voters don t see it, and all of your time could be consumed doing it. c e: what do you see in terms of research going forward toward the campaign? sefl: there is a small part of me that hopes that we would see less is more, that this hyper-nano-saturation cycle might actually have peaked. maybe that s just my own exhaustion speaking, but there is something sort of retro and appealing about a very nuts-and-bolts, smart, always nimble, always contemporary, but perhaps less is more. i fully expect to be wrong, but it is nonetheless my wish. maloney: well, this is a presidential cycle, so we ve got that overlaying all the other things. the presidential is one thing; all of the other races are another. i would expect more early tracking, which is when people make more goofs, when they are still really novices and, also, you re more likely to make mistakes in front of friendly groups. all the attention presidential-wise will be pretty much on the republicans and how do they differentiate themselves from obama, because incumbents are the issue. i mean, harry truman was able to make the allegedly do-nothing republican congress the issue, which was an incredible feat of legerdemain. to what extent will the obama team be able to do that? they have all this time and if the record repeats itself, they re going to have all the money in the world to do the work on all of these republicans. gehrke: look at , though. the obama campaign doesn t view opposition research the same as every other candidate does, i think, and that could affect what comes out of it. you can see it in the last two years in how obama dealt with the republicans and pushed back and how, say, bill clinton did. so i don t know if that will translate into a campaign situation or not. there s going to be a lot of time for republicans to look at themselves and talk about each other, and i don t know how much obama really has to step into that. a light tap here and there might be better than a very hard push. maloney: i think this team is going to be as aggressive as they have to be and will be salting things in. i think they re already handing things to politico s ben smith, who seems to be the favorite receptacle for the latest research hit for the democrats. there is no republican-leaning analogue to ben smith at politico or a republican-leaning site on which such things can be placed effectively. smith seems to be the favored person to get all the interesting stuff especially on clients that i work for... i absolutely believe that they re going to be effective and that they re going to be on their game. in terms of the other races, certainly there is going to be more tracking and earlier tracking and in house races, democrats are going to be vote focused because there are so many republicans. for the senate it s going to be just the opposite, the republicans are going to be doing vote stuff against the incumbent democrats because there are so many more democrats up this time. gehrke: nineteen, i think. maloney: it s going to be nineteen two successive times because you were successful in and . if anything is going to be even more so. c e: do you see the obama people injecting themselves into the republican primary? sefl: i would table that question actually. i think it s too early to answer it. gehrke: you have to see how it develops. it s so early right now. you can step back and, strategically, figure out a lot of reasons why they d want to and a lot more why it s dangerous and they don t have to. maloney: the problem for republicans is what new is there to say about barack obama that they don t know already? i was the first to do obama research in and i went back to illinois to do research in . one of the most amazing things to me i spoke to a lot of people, and not a single person hated him. indeed, everyone, even staffers who sat in those committee hearings and totally disagreed with what he was doing once the democrats got the majority in the state senate, everyone liked him personally, and that s something it s very simple, very human, has nothing to do with research but it s going to be a major factor in . what new can you tell people about him or what he s done?
__label__non_math	1.0000	may , 2013enjoy authentic artisan pizza on camp chef's newest italia artisan pizza oven accessory homemade pizza never tasted so good. inspired by the famous brick ovens of italy, the camp chef italia artisan pizza oven accessory cooks artisan pizza with a superior cooking design. a domed oven top, rear vents and a double layered ceiling mimic the heating patterns of a true wood-fired brick oven. features a cordierite ceramic pizza stone which promotes even heat and will give your pizz may , 2013how do you cook outdoors? spring has finally rolled around with all of us anxiously waiting for summer. fortunately, both spring and summer are great times to camp, cook, and grill with friends and family. it is also when mother's day and father's day roll around as well as memorial weekend, july 4th weekend, and any other good excuse to get out and cook. may , 2013utv trail riding with camp chef and powersports tv pick your favorite trail, load up your utv and hit the road may , 2013chicken cordon bleu sandwiches on the stainless steel barbecue box may is an awesome month. there is mother's day coming up in just a couple of weeks and memorial weekend to celebrate. but our favorite thing about may...it's national bbq month. yes, you read that right. so what do we do to kick this wonderful month off? we cook of course. may , 2013new stainless steel professional barbecue box and camp chef square skillet new products are always a fun thing to see arrive here at camp chef. there always seem to be awesome new goodies coming in for us to start cooking on. this month is no different with two new products already now released and still more really exciting ones to come. keep your eyes peeled towards the end of the month. here's a hint: a new smoker and pizza oven. get excited apr , 2013sportsman's news reviews italia artisan pizza oven just a couple of months ago, we released our italia artisan pizza oven accessory for the camp chef " cooking systems. it's been a hit and we've been receiving a ton of positive feedback from our fans about how much they're loving it. don't just take our word for it though, sportsman's news recently got their hands on the pizza oven. check out their video below and as well as their
__label__non_math	1.0000	riding equestrian program horseback riding has been a tradition at camp skyline ranch since . throughout the years camp skyline has built a reputation of having one of the finest riding programs in the south. maybe you re an experienced rider or maybe you ve never been on a horse before. either way, you ll love the skyline horses riding facilities instructors skyline has three large oval riding rings where english riding is taught. beautiful trails winding through acres of woods make trail riding an exhilarating part of our riding program. instructors lead and follow all trail rides. thorough and careful instruction in the fundamentals of horsemanship allows each girl to enjoy riding with assurance. skyline s riding instructors are well trained and certified by the certified horsemanship association or christian camp horsemanship international cchi . a long time tradition of the horseback riding program is the camp skyline horse show. in this event, each girl competes with other riders of her own age and ability to display her progress in horsemanship. the top riders from the horse show are chosen to compete in the grand championship. the equestrian program do you love horses or want to greatly improve your riding ability? then skyline s equestrian program is for you equestrian program participants will be provided with individualized instruction with lessons being based on the rider s ability. campers will have an opportunity to work on improving their riding skills and may work up to advanced skills such as jumping. participants will also ride in the equestrian horse show and may even be chosen to compete in skyline s grand championship. equestrian program campers must sign up for this program before their session begins. please log on to your skyline account to sign up or email us for a the paper version. the skyline stables were rebuilt in and can house as many as horses. three english rings, one western ring, trails and the equestrian classroom also adorn the stable grounds.
__label__non_math	0.9983	january - la track report day session posted by editor on day one - session two the first medals were awarded in the evening of day at the los angeles round of the track world cup. australia led with two wins, followed by argentina, belarus, italy and spain with one each. natallia tsylinskaya blr began the day suffering from an upset stomach, but gradually improved to take the gold medal in two straight rides over clara sanchez fra in the final. former world junior champion shuang guo chn won the bronze after willy kanis was relegated in the their third ride for dropping down on guo after the sprint had commenced. "today was very difficult for me, a very hard day." commented tsylinskaya "i had a little bit of an upset stomach at the start and i only began to feel good by the final. the race was good, i was able to come back in the semifinal to the dutch girl kanis and then i began to be more confident." the men's scratch race was taken by walter perez arg , one of four riders to take a lap on the field. perez, the madison world champion, rode a tactical race to overcome faster sprinters. "i'm not so good a sprinter, so my plan was to get away when it was possible. it worked perfectly, so i am happy." the men's keirin was probably the most exciting event of the evening, with shane kelly aus winning a three-up dash to line in the gold medal final against jamie staff gbr and world keirin champion teun mulder ned . kelly was sitting in third when the pacer pulled off, and watched staff and mulder sweep by him from the back. "the semifinal was crazy - i almost didn't make it through to the final - so i decided that i wouldn't let that happen again. when jamie came by he brushed me pretty hard, and i knew that i had to get back by him and take the lead going into the last couple of laps." kelly launched a massive counterattack, taking control of the race with a little under two laps to go and holding until the line. "my plan had been to make a move with a lap and three quarters, a lap and half to go. once i got the lead i was confident that i could stay in front, or at least in the first three. i was injured back in july, which has put my schedule back a bit for commonwealth games , but is is encouraging." sergio escobar spa left no doubt in the minds of spectators that he was the top rider in the pursuit, recording the fastest splits at every intermediate time check in the gold medal final against jens mouris ned and finishing three and a half seconds in front. jason allen nzl served notice, with his bronze medal, that he will be a contender at the commonwealth games. the women's points race also proved to be a highlight of the evening, with the lead changing multiple times. the high speed meant that no one was able to steal a lap and the resulting points , so riders had to fight for every sprint. giorgia bronzini ita was the eventual winner, winning the first and last sprint, and collecting points in two others. at the halfway point the chinese appeared to be in control, with yan li winning two sprints and jianling wan another. however, they faded towards the end, and the italians struck back, with world champion vera carrara pacing bronzini to her second sprint win and a second place result. american rebecca quinn, riding for the spike trade team, gave locals something to cheer about with a consistent ride and a win in the final sprint to take the silver medal. the final event of the evening was the kilo, and australia took its second win of the day from ben kersten in a time of .760. like kelly, kersten has been injured recently, and this world cup is his first of the season, so he didn't know what to expect. "i hurt my back in november, so my confidence has been down. i didn't race all year, and my first races back were the christmas carnivals in tasmania. the kilo takes a lot of base prep, which i haven't done, and weight work, which i can't do because of my back. the time was pretty good - this is a slow track - but i have some improving to do. chris hoy's done a this year, so there's still a lot to improve on." - gina grain had a strong points race, finishing fifth overall and winning one sprint after a long breakaway with tina pic usa . "that was so fun - matt barlee finished eighth in the kilo, a personal best time, and only a second out of fifth, while travis smith missed the final for the keirin after getting boxed in, in the second round. he recovered to take second in the small final 8th overall .
__label__non_math	0.9713	so many cuties.... so little time. you know you are a real gunnut when you start practicing trigger control on power tools. wwjmbd? what would john moses browning do? france has beaches for topless chicks jwire when he was a young lad "violence and boredom are the result of a lack of wonderment and awe
__label__non_math	0.9999	heat wave tipped to continue the main pool at big splash in macquarie was full on saturday. photo: graham tidy canberrans sweltered through the capital's hottest day since on saturday as temperatures broke through the degree mark. the capital reached a withering .degrees shortly before , smashing the predicted degrees, according to meteorologist rebecca kamitakahara. "we'd have to go back to to see these temperatures ," she said. under the sea sand scuplture exhibition a sand sculpture entitled "poseidon" carved by martijn rijerse and hanneke supply. photo: getty images ms kamitakahara said the hot conditions were produced by a large pool of hot air above most of southern australia, with hot and dry air being pulled down from the interior of the country. the outlook is set to remain warm over the coming days, with tops of before rising to on tuesday. "to friday, it's not dropping below degrees," ms kamitakahara said. temperatures also soared across the border with young peaking at .degrees while wagga wagga reached a searing .degrees. the weather peaked in canberra at a touch over degrees. the riverina town recorded no hospital admissions for heat-related injuries and is expected to reach temperatures as high as degrees on sunday. the fire danger rating for canberra and its surrounding regions remains very high, with conditions expected to worsen in the coming days. people should use the time to prepare for the intensified fire conditions expected on tuesday, nsw rural fire service spokesman inspector ben shepherd said. "there is a possibility we will see extreme, if not severe, fire danger in some areas," he said. "people need to use this time to ensure they are prepared." people are also urged to stay hydrated and limit physical activity as the forecasts remain high, as well as keep tabs on elderly friends and neighbours. but there was no limiting physical activity at the big splash waterpark, which officially opened its new .million set of slides in macquarie on saturday. with the slides now cleared by the act government after a seven-week delay, big splash owner ron watkins is predicting a boost in business. "people are thoroughly enjoying it," he said. "the new rides have had a wonderful impact." mr watkins was expecting up to people though the doors on saturday as word spread about the second-hand slides, shipped down from queensland's wet 'n' wild attraction. while a top of degrees is predicted for the capital on sunday, the bureau of meteorology also issued a severe thunderstorm warning overnight for tuggeranong, south canberra, weston creek, woden valley and hume.
__label__non_math	1.0000	rathbone's comeback has crowd in raptures digby ioane of the reds is tackled by clyde rathbone of the brumbies. photo: stefan postles while it wasn't the fairytale return so many act brumbies fans were hoping for, clyde rathbone showed enough to suggest a return to his best isn't far away as he picked up his 50th cap for the super rugby province. rathbone made his first start since retiring in due to a chronic knee injury and he battled weight problems and depression in his time away from the game. after shedding some weight and getting his mind back on track, he answered a call last year from brumbies mentor jake white who floated the idea of a comeback. last night was the culmination of months' hard work. white loved rathbone's efforts and even considered letting him take over the kicking duties. ''it's fantastic isn't it, it's like a hollywood story. at one stage after missing all those kikcs i thought they should give him a kick as well, that would've been a real story,'' white said. ''emotionally it must be tough for him, but all credit he didn't talk himself, he talked a lot about the team good for us, good for the team and good for the canberrans to see him back.'' after leading the team on to the field, it was a quiet opening for the former wallabies flyer. but every time he went near the ball the ,058-strong crowd went nuts. through no fault of his own, it was a workman-like effort from rathbone from limited opportunities. it took minutes for him to even get a touch, fielding a kick inside his own before he was quickly tackled. the crowd erupted again when he chased a hopeful box kick from brumbies scrumhalf nic white and nailed the tackle on reds scrum-half nick frisby. rathbone was quick to his feet and won the penalty at the breakdown, which white duly converted to put the brumbies -up going into half-time. again he was cheered as he pounced on a loose pass by the reds and charged down the box kick before putting in a bone-jarring tackle on ben lucas. but cramp put an end to his comeback prematurely and the faithful stood as one with minutes left on the clock. while there was no barnstorming try or electric line break, there was enough to suggest that when the chance comes, rathbone will take it - and the crowd will go berserk.
__label__non_math	0.7224	what is bone cancer? bone is the framework that supports the body. most bones are hollow. bone marrow is the soft tissue inside hollow bones. the main substance of bone is made up of a network of fibrous tissue onto which calcium salts are laid down. this makes the bone very hard and strong. at each end of the bone is a softer bone-like tissue called cartilage that acts as a cushion between bones. the outside of the bone is covered with a layer of fibrous tissue. the bone itself contains kinds of cells. osteoblasts are cells that form the bone. osteoclasts are cells that dissolve bone. although we think that bone does not change, the truth is that it is very active. new bone is always forming and old bone dissolving. the marrow of some bones is only fatty tissue. in other bones the marrow is a mixture of fat cells and the cells that make blood cells. these blood-forming cells make red blood cells, white blood cells, and platelets. types of bone tumors most of the time when someone is told they have cancer in their bones, the doctor is talking about a cancer that started somewhere else and then spread to the bone. this is called metastatic cancer not bone cancer . this can happen to people with many different types of advanced cancer, such as breast cancer, prostate cancer, lung cancer, and many others. under a microscope, theses cancer cells in the bone look like the cancer cells that they came from. if someone has lung cancer that has spread to the bone, the cells there will look and act like lung cancer cells and they will be treated the same way. to learn more about cancer that has spread to bone, please see the american cancer society document bone metastasis, as well as the document on the place where the cancer started breast cancer, lung cancer non-small cell , prostate cancer, etc. . other kinds of cancers that are sometimes called bone cancers start in the bone marrow in the blood-forming cells not the bone itself. these are not true bone cancers. the most common of these is multiple myeloma. certain lymphomas which more often start in lymph nodes and all leukemias start in bone marrow. to learn more about these cancers, refer to the document for each. a primary bone tumor starts in the bone itself. true or primary bone cancers are called sarcomas. a sarcoma is a cancer that starts in bone, muscle, tendons, ligaments, fat tissue, or some other tissues in the body. there are different types of bone tumors. their names are based on the bone or tissue that is involved and the kind of cells that make up the tumor. some are cancer malignant . others are not cancer benign . most bone cancers are called sarcomas. benign bone tumors do not spread to other tissues and organs. they can usually be cured by surgery. the information here does not cover benign bone tumors. bone tumors that are cancer malignant osteosarcoma: osteosarcoma also called osteogenic sarcoma is the most common true bone cancer. it is most common in young people between the ages of and . but about of cases are people in their 60s and 70s. this cancer is rare during middle age. more males than females get this cancer. these tumors start most often in bones of the arms, legs, or pelvis. this type of bone cancer is not discussed in this document, but is covered in detail in our document, osteosarcoma. chondrosarcoma: this is cancer of the cartilage cells. cartilage is a softer form of bone-like tissue. chondrosarcoma is the second most common true bone cancer. it is rare in people younger than . after age , the risk of this cancer keeps on rising until about age . women get this cancer as often as men. chondrosarcomas can develop in any place where there is cartilage. it most often starts in cartilage of the pelvis, leg, or arm, but it can start in many other places, too. chondrosarcomas are given a grade, which measures how fast they grow. the lower the grade, the slower the cancer grows. when cancer grows slowly, the chance that it will spread is lower and the outlook is better. there are also some special types of chondrosarcoma that respond differently to treatment and have a different outlook for the patient. these special types look different when seen under a microscope. ewing tumor: this cancer is also called ewing sarcoma. it is named after dr. james ewing, the doctor who first described it in . it is the third most common bone cancer. most ewing tumors start in bones, but they can start in other tissues and organs. this cancer is most common in children and teenagers. it is rare in adults older than . this type of bone cancer is not discussed in this document, but is covered in detail in our document, ewing family of tumors. malignant fibrous histiocytoma mfh : this cancer more often starts in the soft tissues around bones such as ligaments, tendons, fat, and muscle rather than in the bone itself. if it starts in the bones, it most often affects the legs or arms. it usually occurs in older and middle-aged adults. mfh mostly tends to grow into nearby tissues, but it can spread to distant sites, like the lungs. another name for this cancer is pleomorphic undifferentiated sarcoma. fibrosarcoma: this is another type of cancer that starts more often in soft tissues than it does in the bones. fibrosarcoma usually occurs in older and middle-aged adults. leg, arm, and jaw bones are most often affected. giant cell tumor of bone: this type of bone tumor has both benign not cancer and malignant forms. the benign form is most common. these don t often spread to distant sites, but after surgery they tend to come back where they started. each time they come back after surgery they are more likely to spread to other parts of the body. these tumors often affect the arm or leg bones of young and middle-aged adults. chordoma: this tumor usually occurs in the base of the skull and bones of the spine. it is found most often in adults older than . it is about twice as common in men than in women. chordomas tend to grow slowly and usually do not spread to other parts of the body. but they often come back in the same place if they are not removed completely. when they do spread, they tend to go to the lymph nodes, lungs, and liver. last medical review: last revised:
__label__non_math	1.0000	at its 15th annual human services award dinner in new york, cancer care, inc, honored cokie roberts with its regulus award for members of the media, carol webb of ortho biotech with its human services award, and h. frank doroff of bloomingdales with its fashion leadership award. in accepting the award, ms. roberts praised cancer care for its many supportive services to cancer patients and their families. commenting on the difficulty she and her family encountered in trying to obtain information about her sisters cancer, ms. roberts especially praised cancer cares many educational efforts. cokie roberts is a co-anchor of the abc news program, "this week," and a special correspondent for abc news. she is also a news analyst for national public radio and was the congressional correspondent there for years. h. frank doroff, who lost his wife to cancer, knows first-hand the toll that cancer exacts on individuals and their families. in memory of his late wife, mr. doroff, executive vice-president and general merchandise manager for ready-to-wear of bloomingdales, worked enthusiastically to promote the cancer care award dinner and thus enable cancer care to inaugurate the kate doroff memorial fund. mr. doroff began his career in retailing in and served previously as chairman of bonwit teller as well as chairman of federated and allied merchandising service. in presenting the cancer care human services award to carol webb, president of ortho biotech, diane blum, executive director of cancer care called ms. webb and ortho biotech "a loyal friend and generous supporter who has made significant contributions to the fight against cancer." ms. webbs background includes a degree in biology, training as a zoologist, and an early career as a science teacher. she joined ortho biotech, a subsidiary of johnson johnson, in as product director and rapidly advanced to assume the position of president in . in addition to her responsibilities at ortho biotech, ms. webb serves on the board of directors of the biotechnology industry organization, the board of trustees of the oncology nursing foundation, and the biotechnical council of new jersey, as well as on the advisory board of the duke cancer patient support program and the board of governors of muhlenberg regional medical center.
__label__non_math	0.9981	when you ve got to have the classic fruity taste of a blow pop, turn to charms. maker of the gum-filled lollipop since the 70s, charms is now part of the tootsie roll family. you ll enjoy reconnecting with the brand s other quality products like andes mints and the chewy caramel sugar daddy and sugar babies candies. these sugary staples and more make up a true candy addict s diet, and you ll find it all at candy direct. there are no products matching the selection.
__label__non_math	0.9705	radio flyer nostalgic candy wagon sale: off a mini version of the classic radio flyer wagon packed full of yummy nostalgic candy candy selection includes old and new favorites alike, such as: gobstoppers, necco wafers, bit-o-honey, tootsie rolls, pixy stix, pez, mary janes, bazooka gum, lifesavers hard candy, fun dip, swedish fish, pop rocks, candy buttons, atomic fireballs, jolly ranchers, squirrel nut zippers, sweetarts, candy buttons, swirl pops, marshmallow ice cream cones, giant taffy, charms sour balls and more wagon body outside dimension inches : x x each wagon is individually hand-packed by jolly candy elves and may not exactly match the photograph shown. shipping weight lbs.
__label__non_math	0.9998	q: help a: you re absolutely right a dog s social system has a pecking order. the leader of the pack is the alpha. he or she gets the best of everything the best food, the best place to sleep, the best toy, etc. the alpha also gets to be first in everything he gets to eat first, to leave first and to get attention first. all the other dogs in the pack respect the alpha dog s wishes. an alpha dog doesn t ask for what he wants, he demands it. he lets you know in no uncertain terms that he wants his dinner, that he wants to go out, that he wants to play or be petted and that he wants these things right now. your family is your dog s pack.most dogs fit easily into the lower levels of their human pack s pecking order and don t make trouble. they do what they re told and don t challenge authority. other dogs don t fit in quite as well. some are natural leaders, others are social climbers always looking for ways to get a little closer to the top of the family ladder. these dogs can become problems to an unsuspecting family that s not aware of their natural pack instincts. some families unknowingly encourage their dogs to take over the pack. they treat their dogs as equals, not as subordinates. they give them special privileges like being allowed to sleep on the bed or couch. they let them get away with disobeying commands. in a real dog pack, only the alpha dog would get this kind of treatment. dogs need and want leaders. they have an instinctive need to fit into a pack. they want the security of knowing their place and what s expected of them. most of them don t want to be alpha they want someone else to give orders and make decisions. but if his humans don t provide that leadership, the dog will take over the role himself. to reclaim your family s rightful place as leaders of the pack, your dog needs to learn how to be a subordinate, not an equal. he knew this once, as a baby puppy, because his mother taught him. she showed him very early in life that she was alpha and that he had to respect her. it s time to refresh his memory before you can remove your dog from his alpha position, you must become alpha and earn his respect. alpha is an attitude. it involves confidence, dignity, intelligence, an air of authority. a dog can sense this attitude almost immediately it s how his mother acted toward him. watch a good trainer or obedience instructor. they stand tall and use their voices and eyes to project the idea that they re capable of getting what they want. they re gentle but firm, loving but tough, all at the same time. most dogs are immediately submissive towards this type of personality because they recognize and respect alpha when they see it. stand up straight with your shoulders back. walk tall. practice using a new tone of voice, one that s deep and firm. don t ask your dog to do something tell him. there s a difference and he knows it since your dog has been used to getting what he wants on demand, it s likely to take more than just a change in your attitude to make him mind better. he s been getting a free ride for a long time but you re going to teach him that from now on, he has to earn what he gets. this will be a shock to his system at first but you ll be surprised how quickly he ll catch on and that he ll actually become eager to please you. your dog already knows the command sit. now, every time your dog wants something his dinner, a trip outside, a walk, some attention, anything tell him remember don t ask him, tell him to sit first. when he does, praise him with a good boy make him sit before giving him his dinner, make him sit at the door before going outside, make him sit in front of you to be petted, make him sit before giving him his toy. if you normally leave food out for him all the time, stop. go to a twice daily feeding and you decide what time of day he ll be fed. make him sit for his dinner. if he won t obey the command no dinner. walk away and ignore him. bring the food out later and tell him again to sit. if he understands the command, don t tell him more than once. he heard you the first time. give commands from a standing position and use a deep, firm tone of voice. to keep him from body-slamming you at the doorway, put a leash on him. make him sit and wait while you open the door and give him permission okay alpha dogs are used to being fussed over. in a real dog pack, subordinate dogs are forever touching, licking and grooming the alpha dog. it s a show of respect and submission. until your dog s attitude has improved, cut down on the amount of cuddling he gets. when he wants attention, make him sit first, give him a few kind words and pats, then stop. go back to whatever you were doing and ignore him. if he pesters you, tell him no don t allow wrestling or rough-housing with your dog. these games encourage dogs to dominate people physically. in a dog pack or in a litter, these games are more than just playing they help to establish pack order based on physical strength. your dog is already stronger and quicker than you are. rough, physical games prove that to him. where does your dog sleep? not in your bedroom and especially not on your bed if your alpha program is successful, your dog should start looking to you for directions and permission. he ll show an eagerness to please. watch how your dog approaches and greets you. does he come to you standing tall, with his head and ears held high and erect? it may look impressive and proud but it means he s still alpha and you still have problems once your dog has begun to accept this new way of life and his new position in the family, you should take him through another obedience course with a qualified trainer. obedience training is a lifelong process. obedience commands need to be practiced and incorporated into your daily life. in a dog pack, the alpha animal uses occasional reminders to reinforce his authority. certain commands, like down stay, are especially effective reminders of a dog s place in the family pack order and who s really in charge here. a well-trained dog that s secure in his place within the family pack is comfortable and confident. he knows what s expected of him. he knows his limits and who his leaders are. he s free to be your loving companion and not your boss this page is a part of the dog owner's guide internet website and is this is article of in the canine behavior topic. next article: this dog is driving me crazy previous article: firmness works for dogs, too table of contents for "canine behavior" only: this topic's table of contents this is article of in the ask the dog trainer topic. next article: qbedience questions and answers: elementary, my dear doggie previous article: nail clipping can be easier: proper training can reduce the stress table of contents for "ask the dog trainer" only: this topic's table of contents this is article of in the manners training topic. next article: obedience training your dog: teaching dog manners: how, why and where previous article: puppy social skills: puppies need social skills to become friendly guardians table of contents for "manners training" only: this topic's table of contents site topic and article lists: site topic list: quick list of topics site table of contents: all dog owner's guide articles, listed by topic wondering what dog books are selling at amazon? dog owner's guide, in association with amazon.com, recommends these books for more information on . . . although we don't have any books specifically about this article perhaps the following books will be of interest. there are no books for this topic.
__label__non_math	1.0000	tourism and travel visit the new tourism website cannock chase "the green heart of staffordshire" is perfectly placed. at its heart lie the majestic woodlands, valleys and heathlands of cannock chase, an internationally acclaimed area of outstanding natural beauty. - cannock chase is the smallest mainland area of outstanding natural beauty aonb in england and wales at sq km or sq miles. - along with its beautiful landscape, the chase has important and unusual wildlife, including the cannock chase berry, small pearl bordered fritillary butterfly and a herd of wild fallow deer. uncommon birds included the nightjar and woodlark. - trees are an important part of the chase and include oaks in brocton coppice which are 600 years old to birch and pine woodlands great for walking and cycling. - there is a fascinating history to the chase, where there was once mining, charcoal and glass making. - extensive area of the chase were used for military training and army encampments for world wars i and ii. - over .million people visit the chase every year to walk, cycle, picnic and enjoy the peace and quiet.
__label__non_math	0.8971	canon is continuously working on improving their service. your voice in this process is extremely valuable. we would appreciate you joining our online survey to tell us about your experience with the canon support site. the survey should take -minutes of your time. do not show again
__label__non_math	0.9737	i had a 7d. sold it, got a 60d and a better glass -, 200 etc... now i shot w ff but i still have the 60d. it's only a backup and i use it for macro w the efs60, and for wide with the sigma -, both are awesome lenses. it's an awesome little cam and apart from the lack of af adjustment i see nothing wrong with it for most uses. actually i never even needed the afma, but maybe i was just lucky. used that a lot on the 7d, barely use it on 5d2 it would be great if the isos would be cleaner above 800 but the 7d won't make a diff. there anyway.. after all it all depends on your style, your subjects, knowledge...etc. just one more thing. if you visit my site and go to portraits, or even if you just sit back and see the main slide i doubt that you could tell which photo was taken with what... think about that for a sec..
__label__non_math	0.9998	search can stock photo for stock photography, photos, digital illustrations, picture clip art and royalty-free photograph images. can stock photo has the stock image, royalty free photo, stock photograph, graphic or picture that you need. our photographers provide royalty free stock photos, stock photographs, graphics, and pictures for as little as dollar. buy cheap photographs and get immediate image file downloads or subscribe for a low monthly fee. can stock photo also offers eps vector illustrations, clipart digital artwork, clip art, stock footage, and video animation clips.
__label__non_math	0.9978	search can stock photo for royalty free illustration, royalty free clipart, digital artwork, eps vector clip art, stock illustrations, stock images, logo icon graphics, and cheap eps format line art drawings. can stock photo has the royalty free illustration, line art drawing, eps vector graphic, or stock clipart icon that you need. our designers and illustrators provide royalty free stock images, clip art, clipart graphics, and pictures for as little as dollar. buy photographs and get immediate image file downloads or subscribe for a low monthly fee. can stock photo also offers stock photos, royalty-free stock photography images, stock footage, and video animation clips.
__label__non_math	0.9999	cantanding is the world's first free online karaoke that allows users to listen to music online without downloading and watch the lyrics in real time. totally free and no register required. hundreds of thousands of karaoke songs available. english, spanish, french, italian, japanese... you can sing all the music of the world
__label__non_math	1.0000	welcome to the website of canterbury music club. will find information about our 71st concert series, along with details about our fantastic membership programme and contact links for all of the committee. please don't hesitate about getting in touch and thank you for visiting. we look forward to meeting you at a
__label__non_math	0.9998	island nucklehead wrote: i'm not looking too much into the game other than it's a canucks game vs detroit , they're banged up, we've got guys out manny and samuelsson and in bieksa so hopefully they just work on staying healthy and integrating the new guys into the lineup. detroit is missing a handful of players and we're experimenting with line-ups tonight. detroit is missing datsyuk, franzen, hudler and bertuzzi - yeah and canucks are missing , maholtra, samuelsson, edler and alberts so thats about even.. except not being used as an excuse by vancouver.. or mentioned on media pregame reviews.. dan and hank -in league scoring, and most of the tsn crew was predicting a back to back hart trophy winner being named sedin. a full points up on the rest of the conference, with games to go. confident? yep. the toucan kid wrote:yeah and canucks are missing , maholtra, samuelsson, edler and alberts so thats about even.. except not being used as an excuse by vancouver.. or mentioned on media pregame reviews.. eh no offense, but datsuk and franzen? don't think that evens out. was more confident with manny, but still thing this team will get there anyway. this has been such a bland year that i wouldn't be surprised if the best team did go and win the cup because it was so predictable. that's from an objective standpoint. as a biased canucks fan i'm glowing at the prospects of finally seeing that thing being lifted by a guy in a canucks sweater. users browsing this forum: no registered users and guests
__label__non_math	1.0000	southerncanuck wrote:sudbury peterborough corrado points, even fred wrote:good to see gaunce pop one, stats wise he wise he hasn't looked to good a - of minus before this game and no goals damonberryman wrote:gaunce is a kid and i cannot help but wonder if he is sulking over the lockout and how it took away from some dream of his or maybe he is another wasted draft choice. god knows he would not be the first. hope for the pouting rather than lack of ability. corrado and jensen are looking good as is schroder. god i miss our hockey. users browsing this forum: no registered users and guests
__label__non_math	1.0000	reading and writing courses the english department offers many courses to help you improve your reading and writing skills. for detailed information about individual courses, please click on the individual course links on the right. in these courses, you will learn to: - compose effective, source-based paragraphs and essays that apply a variety of patterns of development - analyze and evaluate explicit and implicit meanings of a wide variety of written and visual materials, including both fiction and nonfiction - explain the basic principles of argumentation and apply them in paragraphs and essays
__label__non_math	1.0000	business banking. making your business accounts work for you. capital city bank is a strong supporter of the entrepreneurial spirit that brings great ideas to life and improves the economic health of our communities. so it just makes sense to have your business banking accounts with us. capital city bank associates can help you run your business smoothly and profitably, and we re here to answer all of your questions about our business accounts. we make accessing and growing your money easy to understand and easy to accomplish with our variety of checking and savings accounts. we give you options with our loan, merchant services and cash management products. we believe in your success and want to help you get there. so when it comes to business banking, we do whatever it takes. find out what capital city bank can do for you.
__label__non_math	1.0000	this is what teenager mikaela shiffrin enjoys about skiing: going fast, goofing around with friends on the slopes and grabbing quick sips of hot chocolate between runs on cold days. what the -year-old skier doesn't really relish not yet anyway is the spotlight. lately, that glare has been pretty intense, especially after she earned her second career podium finish two weeks ago in just her 12th world cup slalom start. with the circuit heading to aspen, colo., this weekend, it seems that everyone wants some of shiffrin's time. that's natural, because she's drawing frequent comparisons to her idol lindsey vonn. success has come a lot quicker than shiffrin imagined and proven more difficult to deal with, too. it's really flattering, but it's also that much harder to stay focused at the job at hand, shiffrin wrote in an email after a recent training session. getting two podiums has already brought me a crazy amount of attention that i didn't expect. all the attention media, interest from sponsors, invitations to appearances, etc. became exhausting last year with my first podium. now with two podiums, especially since it's the start of the season, the hype is really building again, even more so than last time. shiffrin may or may not race against vonn in aspen. the four-time overall champion remains undecided whether she will compete as she recovers from an intestinal issue that landed her in the hospital for a few days last week. vonn or no vonn, shiffrin simply can't escape the comparisons to her american counterpart. she actually considers it quite flattering, because they definitely do have a lot in common. i actually model myself after her a little bit in that i figured out a long time ago that i work best when i am focused, and she seems to go about training and racing the same way, shiffrin said. we both are passionate about skiing love going fast. now if only she could borrow a page from vonn on handling the pressures that go along with success. she has experience with all those big events like the espy's and walking the red carpet; she's been in several big u.s. tabloids, shiffrin said. i feel like such a small town girl compared to that. she's still quite enamored with the likes of vonn and julia mancuso because they're the skiers she grew up revering. i can't picture the awe factor ever going away, shiffrin said. it certainly was present when she met bode miller for the first time last season. as a kid, shiffrin watched miller's movie, flying downhill, hundreds of times and then suddenly she was sitting next to him at a table. i was so tongue-tied and dreamy-eyed, but he was so cool, shiffrin said. he is just one of those people who is cool in all situations and he alleviated any awkwardness in that moment. there has been no awkwardness on the slopes for shiffrin. she made an almost seamless transition from the nor-am circuit skiing's equivalent of the minors to world cup skiing last season. she took third in a slalom race in lienz, austria, last december for her first podium finish and was voted rookie of the year by her peers. that put the world on notice this kid's for real. and then two weeks ago in levi, finland, she finished third again, just a fraction of a second behind winner maria hoefl-riesch of germany. could her first win come in aspen this weekend? i think i'm getting closer, but i can't let my mind go there, said shiffrin, who will race the giant slalom on saturday and slalom on sunday. i just need to ski my best and see how it turns out. she has family around to help lessen the pressure. last season, shiffrin was accompanied through europe by her mom, while her father, a former racer at dartmouth, handled all the logistics. again this season, her mom will follow along, just to keep her from getting too homesick. eileen shiffrin also provides home-cooked meals from her rented apartment in austria and helps her daughter with homework. i really try to hit school hard in the spring, summer and fall, then i do as much as i can in the winter, but it falls off for sure, said shiffrin, who takes online classes through burke mountain academy in vermont. i would like to go to college, but don't know when that will be. she'd also like to try out speed events down the road. her coaches want her to perfect the technical events before adding the downhill and super-g to her repertoire. once she does that, shiffrin should be an overall title contender. only, she's not thinking along those lines quite yet. i love going fast, so i am looking forward to jumping into it when the time comes, she said. the quicker shiffrin flies down the slopes, the faster she sheds the trappings of youth. not long ago she was speeding down the mountain in vail without a worry in the world, hanging out with friends and having a blast flying down the hill laughing, drinking hot chocolate, jumping, racing nastar, and generally competing at everything we did. now, things are getting serious. that's what happens when you're the next big skier. this year has been better as far as knowing what to expect, shiffrin said. the flurry of media interest has been manageable since i have people running defense for me this time around who see to it that i have the time and energy i need to keep prepping for aspen and the rest of the season. it's been quite amazing. my dreams are starting to come true and that feels probably 100 times better i ever imagined.
__label__non_math	1.0000	western cape - cape town - gardens the fritz hotel is a small city hotel guesthouse, officially graded -star hotel, within cape town and the greater western cape province offer golfing enthusiasts some of the most majestic and scenic breathe in the heady scent of flowers, soak up some live music, eyeball the best designers work and buy some art in no events available cape town tourism. web design and content by flow communications sat: c c currently: c or register to use advanced site features.
__label__non_math	0.9995	improved genetics has stoked demand for nation's bull semen by mateusz perkowski exports of u.s. bull semen have surged as overseas breeders work to improve cattle genetics to meet growing appetites for dairy and beef. shipments of bull semen in were on track to outpace the prior year's level of million doses and million -- an increase of percent in volume and percent in value in five years, according to federal trade data. "there has been growing demand for this product. in many places around the world, they recognize the value of u.s. genetics," said john schouten, ceo of world wide sires, a semen exporting firm in visalia, calif. the u.s. has long been seen as a global leader in cattle genetics, but the rising demand has recently been boosted by the availability of sexed semen, he said. sexed semen allows breeders to reliably produce female calves, schouten said. demand for sexed semen has slowed in the u.s. due to economic uncertainty in the dairy industry, but its popularity continues to expand in asian and middle eastern countries, he said. "they're trying to grow their herds." the sequencing of the bovine genome by the usda and other researchers allows for breeders to collect information about young bulls by testing their dna, schouten said. in the past, the quality of bulls was determined by evaluating their offspring for many years, he said. now, it doesn't take as long to recognize the value of young bulls, a development that has accelerated demand for their genetics. "we're now able to get data on very young bulls that don't have to go through progeny test data," schouten said, noting that his company still conducts such offspring evaluations to verify the dna information. "you're getting higher genetics at a quicker pace," he said. bull semen is used to cross u.s. dairy breeds with those native to foreign countries, thereby upgrading their milk production, schouten said. the process allows cattle to retain adaptations to local conditions. "it's gratifying we're able to help improve their cattle," he said. while much of the trade in bull semen is focused on the dairy industry, u.s. beef genetics are also sought after, schouten said. "i see continued growth globally as beef demand increases," said jared murnin, general manager of the origen semen marketing company, of billings, mont., which specializes in beef genetics. brazil is the largest market for u.s. bull semen, so it makes sense that exports to that country would rise as its beef herd grows, murnin said. "a lot of it is due to cow numbers alone." origen has seen increased demand for u.s. bull semen from russia in recent years, which has gone hand-in-hand with exports of u.s. breeding cows to that nation, he said. "they're rebuilding their cow herd from scratch, essentially," murnin said, noting that beef production suffered under communist rule. "their infrastructure was pretty limited but they're making a pretty big push to stand on their own two feet." exports of breeding female beef cattle to russia have gone from zero in to nearly ,000 head with a value of million in , according to federal trade data. in the past year, the volume and value of u.s. breeding cow exports to russia has roughly tripled -- to ,000 head and million -- as of november , the most recent month for which data is available. exporting bull semen does provide foreign competitors with genetic benefits developed by the u.s. cattle industry, but murnin said better beef quality would help boost demand, helping everybody. "it does open up our genetics to the world," he said. "it's a positive and a negative." in light of projected hikes in global demand for dairy and beef, it's unlikely that bull semen exports will deprive u.s. producers of competitive advantages anytime soon, schouten said. "it's a long ways off before we have to worry about cutting off our nose to spite our face," he said.
__label__non_math	1.0000	there is lots of talk these days about the dangers of social media. but it was decidedly old media that has put tom douglas s foot in his seattle all-star restauranteur mouth following his decision to use an awful experience at an unnamed capitol hill restaurant as an example of what not to do on his kiro radio program. douglas s biggest mistake? in the new media era, there s really no such thing as an unnamed restaurant. so, last night, i m up on capitol hill. i have my -year-old niece with me the story begins on douglas s seattle kitchen episode that aired last saturday and is available online below. what follows is a litany of transgressions against douglas and his party of four that seem to have crawled straight from the bowels of yelp. - the restaurant should have more seats - the restaurant was out of of the reds on its wine list - it was out of the liquor to make the specialty cocktail table ordered - the appetizers were pretty good - the waitress, sketchy - ordered entrees at :50p hoping to get out in time for grammy s broadcast. by :50p only of entrees had arrived. - entrees were a b - paid and wouldn t let owner take the unserved entrees off the check. - owner of the restaurant recognized me ok, here s where it get less yelpy our food needs help. would you consider helping us out on our food? douglas says the restaurant s owner asked him in a moment of likely star-struck hope and, apparently well-placed, nervous dread. douglas doesn t say what he said to the restaurant owner at that point. it took readers at foodie news blog eater seattle all of one comment to nail down the secret capitol hill restaurant s identity thanks to the numerous identifying attributes douglas includes in his broadcast: - interior is prettier than expected - mixed reviews on yelp - hanna raskin said it was shaky - five red wines on their red wine list - specialty cocktails - appetizers were pretty good b or b - owner comes from a restaurant family - months old the list of restaurants that opened on the hill in october is surprisingly lengthy: bako, momiji, terra plata, and altura. the list of those restaurants nailed by hanna raskin is short. though one could argue that her mayo-focused opinion of momiji is also shaky. add our information on keeman wong s family background in the restaurant business, and the commenters were pretty sure about it. douglas was burying bako even if he didn t mean to. i haven t had an experience like i had last night in quite awhile, douglas summed things up. this one s just not going to make it. douglas tells chs he didn t intend for the fingers to be pointed at a specific restaurant and would not confirm that he was speaking about bako. that never occurred to me. that wasn t the point, douglas told chs on tuesday. they were suffering through the same issues we had faced a comedy of errors. he also said he isn t planning an apology. i didn t intend for it to be taken that way and if i wanted to say anything like that i would say it to the restaurant owner in person and not on the blog, douglas said. thierry and i have a very fun radio show every saturday and sunday on kiro where we talk restaurants and our love for them. we both have been through the trials and tribulations of opening restaurants and know that it is an incredibly difficult business. in the years i ve had my own restaurants we have both enjoyed terrific reviews and have learned from the less than fantastic reviews. when i talk of restaurants, my goal is to never burry anyone, but be constructive in my criticism. tom douglas we asked bako s wong to comment on the situation and if he was willing to confirm that douglas had visited his restaurant earlier this month but haven t heard back. but we re fans of constructive criticism. if you have advice constructive advice for any capitol hill restaurant douglas might visit next, let us know in comments. or tell it to the restaurant owner in person and not on the blog. your choice.
__label__non_math	0.9965	the life of a college student is awesome. but it's also expensive. every year you spend at college costs money. if saving money is important, look for a college that fits you well and provides the support you need to finish your degree on-time. it's okay to change majors, repeat a class to improve your grade, or take some extra classes that interest you. but it's going to cost you. ask colleges what support they offer to help you plot a course to graduating on time. can't make it to the campus? this college has remote classroom options. this college has programs to study and gain cultural experiences in countries around the world. this college offers weekend classes. this college offers teacher certification. get leadership training and money for tuition. develop valuable leadership skills and earn scholarships that cover tuition, books and extra expenses. graduates in academic year.
__label__non_math	0.9061	biomass plants generate electricity by burning what otherwise would be waste: brushy undergrowth that's been cleared from forests. the u.s. forest service estimates that on california national forest lands alone, there are easily 500,000 acres per year that should be thinned to reduce the risk of catastrophic wildfire. but to tom christoff of the placer county air pollution control district it's not only about reducing forest fires and producing electricity. he says by burning this waste in controlled emission plant, instead of in smoky piles in the forest: christoff: "the benefits are huge, on the order of percent reduction on particulate matter, to percent reduction on nitrous oxides, and considerable percentrage on carbon monoxide and volatile organic compounds." christoff says independent studies showed this would lead to demonstrable health benefits. that's one of the many reasons placer county is planning to build a megawatt biomass plant on county-owned land just outside truckee. transportation cost is a complicating factor. it's much cheaper to burn the biomass in a pile in the forest than to truck it to a facility, says kerri timmer, who works for the state's sierra nevada conservancy. timmer: "and there's at this point no guarantee for what price will be paid for the power that's generated using the material. so it's hard to get all of these commitments lined up to a point where an investor would feel comfortable in putting a lot of money into this up front." but recent legislation should help. a bill passed this year requires california's three biggest energy producers to purchase megawatts of energy generated from forest biomass power plants. that's about enough electricity to power ,000 homes.
__label__non_math	0.9967	many years back we became friends with an influential fellow by the name of joe pine. he had written a book on the customer experience, the experience economy april, . his work had a profound influence on our design business. we found something profound in the idea that we could design experiences. it wasn t really new to the world, just new to commonly understood business practices. from the start of our business, this approach became a way of thinking for us. it was ingrained in our conversations on the design of anything, we considered the design of an experience to be the highest order. because it wasn t just the design of one artifact, but the design of everything from artifacts to human behaviors. this led to conversations on design with many clients and prospective clients over the years. it also led to a significant amount of work where the design principles of experience design were applied. and, within this, the design of moments infinitum. here s one you might enjoy from a couple years past. designed moment: caribou coffee. how do you like your coffee handed to you? one hand or two? think about the gesture when a barista hands you a coffee with one hand. sometimes it s gentle, other times it s just thrown up there and then on to the next cup. what happens when you ask someone to use two hands to put your coffee on the serving counter? the gesture is more deliberate, more coveted and more of a designed moment for the customer. this was one of the moments we helped design with experience engineering back when we worked with caribou coffee. there were hundreds of other moments, but this one just felt like the right way to start this conversation. small moment, yes, but important to convey the quality of what the artist barista has created for you, the customer. coffee delivered any other way is just a cup of coffee. coffee delivered from a caribou barista is a more thoughtful experience. we like to think we had some influence in that designed experience. thank you, caribou, for such a great working relationship.
__label__non_math	1.0000	in , the founders of captrust joined together to provide institutional and private investors an independent and objective choice for financial advice and fiduciary support. our firm was built on the premise that investors are best served by advisors who are motivated to focus exclusively on the best interests of their clients. this unwavering commitment to independence and transparency has enabled captrust to grow from the vision of its entrepreneurial founders to one of the largest independent advisory firms in the country. at captrust, we believe investment advisory firms are only as strong as the people who create the advice. moreover, as the demands of a global economy and a vastly underfunded retirement system converge on institutions, corporations, and individual investors alike, we believe advice focused solely on investment performance will fall woefully short in helping clients navigate the road ahead with confidence.
__label__non_math	0.9987	"good car stuff , had my parts in days and saved over even after p h . glad i found this site."goawayjohnny posted sep-- car stuff is an elite merchant at resellerratings since its debut in , car stuff delivers the hottest deals in car and truck parts straight to your front door. - car parts stuff. .
__label__non_math	0.9981	915 forest ave portland, maine 800.230. or 207.761. matte met blue green iris tila beads measure 5x5x1.mm, and each miyuki tila bead has two parallel .8mm holes. like other japanese seed beads made by miyuki, tila beads are high-quality and uniform in size and shape. note that bag and tube weights may vary.
__label__non_math	1.0000	not a member? i love creating. my passion is art and computers. the art created with software is amazing see more cards from .::moondreams::. designs by adjusting the filters to the left, or browse our full card collection.
__label__non_math	0.9998	professors at saint louis university have voted no confidence in the university s president, fr. lawrence biondi, s.j., in retaliation for his promising but short-lived proposal to reform tenure. the policy was announced in august but rescinded in september. the vote was an overwhelming -during a meeting of the faculty council of the college of arts and sciences. this follows two faculty no-confidence votes last month against vice president for academic affairs manoj patankar, who was a driving force behind the proposal. patankar reportedly called the reaction hysteria. that seemed to be confirmed by political science professor timothy lomperis, whoreportedly alleged that the university has now become a place of tyranny. the jesuit university s proposed policy for post-tenure reviews, which was scheduled to go into effect starting in january, stated that the reviews could result in the faculty member remaining tenured, the faculty member being placed on a performance improvement plan with another evaluation to follow, or the faculty member could be switched back to a non-tenured position and or fired with a year s notice. the idea of tenure as a lifetime appointment has come under fire recently from other institutions as well. wayne state university in detroit attempted to implement a policy that faculty members said would abolish tenure, but it too has reportedly walked that back. and in a decision that the cardinal newman society reported on, a federal appellate court sided with a private law school in saying tenure does not guarantee continued employment. in catholic colleges and universities, tenure has sometimes been used to protect the jobs of professors who undermine the institutions catholic mission. so the cardinal newman society will continue keeping a close eye on this story. this is not the first time that saint louis university and fr. biondi have made news this school year. the dean of saint louis university s law school resigned at the beginning of the school year with a scathing resignation letter that called into question the integrity and honesty of the institution. it is the ultimate irony that a jesuit university would operate so far outside the bounds of common decency, collegiality, professionalism and integrity, annette e. clark, the resigning dean, wrote in her resignation letter. i simply cannot be part of, and i assure you i will not be complicit with, an administration that can t be trusted to act honestly. clark, who had only been in the job for about a year, accused fr. biondi of taking law school money and using it for general university purposes, contrary to agreements made with the law school. specifically, she said the university removed 260,000 that was to have been used for faculty research stipends during the summer. to replace her, fr. biondi hired a new interim dean, a personal injury lawyer, who,the cardinal newman society reported, represented a mother in a wrongful life lawsuit, claiming doctors had failed to detect that her child had a congenital condition leading to the loss of the baby s left foot. had she known, the woman said she would have aborted the baby. catholic education daily is an online publication of the cardinal newman society. click here for email updates and free online membership with the cardinal newman society.
__label__non_math	0.6337	k rahimi, w majoni, a merhi, and j emberson effect of statins on ventricular tachyarrhythmia, cardiac arrest, and sudden cardiac death: a meta-analysis of published and unpublished evidence from randomized trials. eur heart j. aimsthe effect of statin treatment on ventricular arrhythmic complications is uncertain. we sought to test whether statins reduce the risk of ventricular tachyarrhythmia, cardiac arrest, and sudden cardiac death.methods and resultswe searched medline, embase, and central up to october . randomized controlled trials comparing statin with no statin or comparing intensive vs. standard dose statin, with more than 100 participants and at least -month follow-up were considered for inclusion and relevant unpublished data obtained from the investigators. twenty-nine trials of statin vs. control 113 568 participants were included in the main analyses. in these trials, statin therapy did not significantly reduce the risk of ventricular tachyarrhythmia 212 vs. 209; odds ratio or ., confidence interval ci .-., or of cardiac arrest vs. ; ci .-., but was associated with a significant reduction in sudden cardiac death vs. ; ci .-., this compared with a reduction in the risk of other 'non-sudden' mostly atherosclerotic cardiac deaths vs. ; ci .-., p .001 . results were not materially altered by inclusion of eight trials involving 452 participants of intensive vs. standard dose statin regimens.conclusionstatins have a modest beneficial effect on sudden cardiac death. however, previous suggestions of a substantial protective effect on ventricular arrhythmic events could not be supported.
__label__non_math	1.0000	cardoffers.com is the definitive online directory for credit cards. with a wide variety of card categories, including rewards, business, student, secured, and much more, you're guaranteed to find a card offer that suits your financial and personal needs. browse the categories below to learn more about the card offers available to you. cards for entrepreneurs as well as businesses, big and small. compare cards with features like apr, no annual fee, and more. transfer balances from high interest credit cards trustworthy credit cards for college students from major issuers. earn rewards, purchasing power, and prestige - at no interest. cards for consumers with a poor or insufficient credit history. canadian credit cards earn rewards for cash, travel and more. debit cards feature no interest charges and other perks. fixed rate credit cards feature a set, non-variable interest rate. gold credit cards provide valuable perks and protections. low interest rate credit cards have lower-than-average aprs. low introductory rate credit cards feature low, limited-time aprs. platinum credit cards offer unrivaled, enhanced services for members. prepaid cards with no interest rates, overdraft fees or credit checks. cards with relaxed credit requirements, security deposit required. top rate credit cards offer best-in-class features and benefits. variable rate credit cards have aprs that rise and fall with the prime rate.
__label__non_math	1.0000	your first step is to find out exactly where your stand, and exactly what information prospective creditors will have available to them. you must contact all three of the major credit reporting bureaus. their business is to collect information on as many people as possible, so, unless you are very young, or have totally avoided credit, you are probably already in their databases. also, you may or may not be in one or more negative-information-only databases. additionally, there are other database marketing companies that probably hold information on you which may affect your credit standing. the major credit bureaus experian formerly trw guide to credit reports checking account information bureaus chexsystems and deluxe national information services - fis formerly efunds, formerly national check protection services - ncps tenant information bureaus verification service - serves both us and canada.
__label__non_math	0.9648	the transportation sector is responsible for an enormous amount of pollution, from fuel extraction and processing to greenhouse gas emissions and smog. thankfully, old and new technologies alike can help us clean up our footprint as we get from here to there. here are three options to consider. . cargo bike a cool trend in green transportation is the use of cargo bikes sometimes called pedicabs , mainly in cities. the idea is that pedal power transports people or bins of cargo see photo above meaning goods can be delivered and people can get around without the use of fuel. some companies that operate locally are even delivering their goods with bike power. you can create your own cargo bike by hooking a small cart to the back of your bicycle. you can take your recycling to the recycling center or take trips to the store or farmers market and transport your goods home without relying on a vehicle. to learn much more about this trend, see cargo bikes and pedicabs. . commuter bicycle to make your daily commute to work or even your weekly commute around town to run errands there are many great bike options. biking is a win-win: you get great exercise, enjoy fresh air, and can feel great about using a green form of transportation. if you ve thought about commuting by bike, but aren t sure which bicycle is right for you, check out the tips in what the right bike can do for you. . green car if the distance between point a and point b is too great for a bicycle or walking and mass transit isn t an option a car can be a necessity. there have been many great strides made in green car technology over the past decade, and your options check out best green cars for some of them now extend far beyond the well-known prius hybrid. new all-electric vehicles, such as the nissan leaf, are getting great expert and driver reviews. while the upfront cost of a hybrid or electric vehicle may be prohibitive, the car can pay for itself over time in fuel cost savings and maintenance cost savings think no oil changes for an electric car you may have heard some common arguments against green cars. probably the most common is that if an electric car runs on electricity generated by a coal-fired power plant, it isn t actually cleaner than a regular gas car. the math has been crunched on this issue, and you can find the answers in the article why electric cars are cleaner. there have also been some recent concerns about the safety of electric and hybrid cars; rumors on this issue were fueled by a chevy volt catching on fire. the green cars on the market today actually have excellent safety ratings, and you can read much more about this issue in the truth about electric car safety. if you do drive a gas-only car, you can still make driving it as clean as possible by hypermiling using driving techniques that help you get better gas mileage . learn how in save gas with hypermiling. what are your favorite means of green transportation? photo by metro pedal power read more: conscious consumer, eco-friendly tips, green, technology, transportation, bicycles, bikes, care2 earth day, cargo bikes, cars, commuting, electric cars, green cars, green transportation, hybrid cars, hybrids, pedicabs, vehicles disclaimer: the views expressed above are solely those of the author and may not reflect those of care2, inc., its employees or advertisers.
__label__non_math	1.0000	404 page not found we have launched a new site we're sorry but the page or file you requested may not exist or may have moved. pscus open doors to many of the million unemployed and million underemployed americans by providing a skills-based education. to remain competitive over the next decade, we must identify between and million new workers with postsecondary skills.pscus are a necessary part of that solution, having produced over 800,000 degrees last year alone.
__label__non_math	0.9990	"upper management to spend more face time with the employees, talk to the mechanics, atleast attempt to make them to feel part of the system and not just a number. this in it's self would reduce some of the suspicion on the floor about the company. there is a lot of unrest over job futures and wage benifits. especially on the night crews. a gentle reminder to the company is that wages are not the whole of why people choose to work at asa, but the benifits program, especially the health carequality and cost. health care is of no use if you cant afford to use it. also an employee that can't use his health care without fear of reprocussion, is as useless as the overpriced unusable healthcare it's self"
__label__non_math	0.9993	common career technical core the common career technical core cctc is a state-led initiative to establish a set of rigorous, high-quality standards for career technical education cte that states can adopt voluntarily. the standards have been informed by state and industry standards and developed by a diverse group of teachers, business and industry experts, administrators and researchers. the initiative is being coordinated by the national association of state directors of career technical education consortium nasdctec , which represents the state and territory heads of secondary, postsecondary and adult cte across the nation. forty-two states the district of columbia and palau participated in the development stage of the cctc. the development of the cctc was a multi-step process that incorporated input from approximately ,500 individuals representing k-education, business and industry and higher education from across the nation. the process for developing the cctc was informed by: high-quality state and industry standards; input and guidance from educators, business and industry and state leaders; and feedback from the public. the cctc includes a set of standards for each of the career clusters and their corresponding career pathways that define what students should know and be able to do after completing instruction in a program of study. the cctc also includes an overarching set of career ready practices that apply to all programs of study. the career ready practices include statements that address the knowledge, skills and dispositions that are important to becoming career ready. in june, the nasdctec board of directors voted in full support and approved the cctc that defines common expectations for cte organized by the national career clusters framework. learn more about the cctc or share information about the initiative with these resources: an online database of the cctc standards provides an opportunity to create reports specific to the needs of the user. in addition, additional resources including performance elements and sample indicators for the cctc standards are provided as a resource tool in the exploration and understanding of the standards. a public license has been created for the use of the cctc standards and is available to review. representatives from organizations across the nation have expressed support for the cctc. learn who they are and share their statements with others as you work to gain support of and raise awareness about the cctc in your state. a summary of the process used to achieve the outcomes of the cctc. report highlights the steps used, the participation and recommendations for future revisions and engagements associated with the development of the cctc. a summary of the process, methodology and approach used to update the knowledge and skills statements and prepare for transition for use by the common career technical core working groups in the development of the cctc. for additional information about the cctc, contact email
__label__non_math	0.9998	huzhou siny label material co., ltd was established in , located in the most important area for label fabrics - linghu town,huzhou city. huzhou siny is a professional manufacturer of both coated and uncoated fabrics in printed label aspects. apart from china, our customers are from all over the world. whether traditional or modern technology is applied, siny s fabrics can create outstanding colorful brand labels and instruction care ones. these labels are used in apparel, accessories, shoes, hat, handbag, luggage, toy, bedding, or any other related industries. we manufacture our label fabrics in china, not only distribute to the huge domestic china market, but also to different overseas countries. siny is distributing the labels globally. our focus is to develop and produce label fabrics of exquisite quality and consistency. we value our work from yarn to web, web to tape, and tape to label. and in order to meet the ever changing market demand, we are always innovative to create and develop all kinds of new items.
__label__non_math	0.9996	6month 80eur 12month 100eur transport -vehicle exchange free of charge from .. till .. -up to fresh created user accounts separate user registration - full access to checked members of both exchanges cargonet transnet - full access to offers of carriers and freight forwarders by countries of interests - full access to truck offers ct offers options to pay for using freight exchange transnet: - prepayment method, for this principal it is not necessary to sign the contract, since the use for this method is based on prepayment before use. - credit method, for a fix period of time, and for this principal it is necessary to sign a contract for using transnet for year. - credit card payment via paypala new cash back guaranty within days from purchase. becomemember of transnet.
__label__non_math	0.9845	amc make overview looking to buy a gremlin my wife's first car was a orange gremlin. she always loved that car, talks about it all the time. i'm looking to buy one that is in good driveable condition, either original or restored, so i can... where can i find a wind sheld for a grimlinx i have a grill with a few pieces of the grill missing any tips on how to fit it? how would you tell if the 360 in a gremlin was a chrysler or a amc . and wo... where can i find a "paint kit" that includes gaskets for the exterior parts...
__label__non_math	0.9023	subaru baja nationwide choose other models to add listings for these models will be added to the listings you are currently viewing. one's greatest ability is dependability, this car epitomizes that. great car with great looks, as usual subaru quality with subaru performance, built in the usa. gas mileage is fair mpg hwy city. turbo charged engine provide the power when you need it with good a mileage to back it up. it's what make this subaru fun to drive. find subaru baja listings in your area enter your zip code subaru baja dr turbo awd crew cab sb used cars in rome, ga location: rome, ga subaru baja dr sport awd crew cab sb used cars in napa, ca location: napa, ca subaru baja dr turbo awd crew cab sb used cars in waterbury, ct location: waterbury, ct subaru baja dr sport awd crew cab sb used cars in saint peters, mo location: saint peters, mo filter your search criteria a large number of listings matched your criteria. you are seeing the top listings.
__label__non_math	0.9995	saab -7x in nashville, tn choose other models to add listings for these models will be added to the listings you are currently viewing. got this for a family vehicle and it has been better than expected. love the saab badge and i looked at one of these new in ...took me years to buy one. got a great deal on a low mileage, well kept, one owner -. we enjoy it as much as the - filter your search criteria a large number of listings matched your criteria. you are seeing the top listings.
__label__non_math	0.9994	from the provider knowing that help is easily accessible means that seniors can spend less time worrying about what they can't do and more time doing what they enjoy. st. joseph village of chicago in chicago, illinois, seniors can devote their newfound time to forming good friendships, enjoying life-enriching activities and eating restaurant-style meals every day. st. joseph village of chicago offers assisted living, memory support, skilled nursing and rehabilitation services. reviews of st. joseph village of chicago average rating: based on reviews i am a friend or relative of resident my first impression of this place was good. everything seemed in order. the staff was pretty attentive and friendly. i noticed the staff members would check up on my friend every now and then and my friend seemed to like them. one of the nurses came in to serve her lunch and cleaned it up shortly after she was done. her room was very clean. i noticed one of the residents calling for a nurse and i saw that he was tended to right away. i was quite pleased with that. i would definitely like to visit my friend as soon as i can. this time, i hope to stay a bit longer. visited this facility st. joseph village of chicago is located in the convenient belmont area near that red line el stop, which makes it really easy to visit using public transport. that's important to us, because our family all lives close to that region. it is also accessible by car, from every direction. we also like the area for the many shops and restaurants to take our uncle to when we visit. there was quite a variety of apartment layouts to choose from, with spacious studios and several sized bedrooms. they also had lovely garden homes with dens, decks and patios. this was a feature we haven t seen too much of in our search. most of the patio type areas have been in communal situations, so our uncle liked that he could be outside privately if he wanted to. this is also a really nice feature when guests come over. there are opportunities to golf and go fishing, which he also really likes. my uncle liked the business center where he can easily access the internet, so he wouldn't have to have his own computer. he also liked the barber shop, which we hadn't seen at other facilities. the fitness gym had plenty of options for exercises and classes and instruction available and a hot tub. this community seems to offer the balanced convenience of the city with the tranquility of the country. visited this facility though we ultimately chose another facility for our alzheimer-stricken mother, this location was a very close second choice. to summarize its appeal, the phrase "comprehensive competence" comes to mind. the overall physical condition of the facility is excellent, though one might be put off by the less-than-picturesque though relatively safe neighborhood. the professionalism and compassion of the staff are readily evident in even a brief visit and the overall layout of the facility supports the air of efficiency without being "clinical". the rooms apartments are among the most generous in this price range and though st. joseph's affiliation with the catholic church is relatively subdued, the large and attractive chapel is one of the more notable physical assets of the property. referring again to the layout, we found its main floorplan to be cleverly designed. as a major concern of ours was the possible prospect of having to move our mother again as her physical condition deteriorates, the way in which the assisted living wings were simultaneously connected to, yet separate from, the full-care nursing wings resolved this issue. as a residents'care requirements increase, they need only be moved a few feet to accommodate their physically diminished condition. while i might reserve recommending this for minimally disabled or earlier stage dementia patients, i believe this to be an extremely desireable for anyone requiring a therapeautic and structured environment with knowledge that care needs will be increasing indefinitely. location of st. joseph village of chicago features of st. joseph village of chicago - year open: - cable ready - phone ready - temperature controls - beauty barber shop - fitness room gym - guest meals - private visitation room - room service - -hour security at entrance - nurse available: available during business hours; some availability outside of business hours - pets: small pets
__label__non_math	0.9989	most insurance products cost you more as you get older but car insurance is one of the exceptions to this rule. car insurance for over 50s actually costs less than for younger drivers due to a number of reasons that makes the over driver a low risk client. the significant savings on car insurance for over 50s means that you will still get comprehensive insurance cover with all the benefits but at a lower rate. car insurance over find the right car insurance quote for people over the age of . over 's car insurance drivers over are seen as low risk clients due to more temperate driving behaviour, better quality vehicles and statistically have fewer accidents than younger drivers. this makes the over driver a more desirable client for insurance providers. all of these factors translate into a saving on car insurance for over 50s without benefits being trimmed to offer you a cheaper product. car insurance over is sometimes frowned upon as an additional vehicle expense but it is mandatory. the benefit of quality car insurance over is only appreciated when you need it the most. if you are over , you do not have to settle for car insurance with less benefits in order to save a few pounds on your insurance premium. by taking advantage of the age factor, and the capitalizing on your no claim bonus and additional considerations like low mileage and parking your car in a garage overnight can drastically lower your car insurance premiums. cheaper car insurance plans can often let you down and leave you out of pocket in the event of an accident. car insurance for over 50s is not an inferior insurance product because it is cheaper. it is simply a saving on comprehensive insurance since you qualify as a low risk client. this means that you are being rewarded for your age and not having to select a lesser insurance product. by opting for car insurance for over 50s, you can rest assured that you do not have to dig into your retirement nest egg to pay cash for the losses incurred during an accident. the savings you get by opting for car insurance for over 50s means that you can put your money towards the extras in life. whether you opt to buy a more expensive car or splash out on a few extras for your new motor vehicle, opting for car insurance for over 50s means money back in your pocket.
__label__non_math	1.0000	julia taylor kennedy education, warfare, armed conflict, business, economics, ethics in business, new media, private sector development corporate, technology, global, australia, israel, palestine, united states includes policy innovations and eia journal thank you for subscribing to carnegie council. you will receive an email shortly asking to confirm your subscription.
__label__non_math	1.0000	baby me : stories, songs and fun for babies and toddlers with a caregiver tuesday, designed for the youngest library users and their parents or caregivers, baby and me programs offer participants the opportunity to share time together at the library. during the -minute programs, babies and their grownups will be exposed to language, books and playful activities in a positive and supportive atmosphere. baby and me programs are a great way to introduce young children to the library, to begin a lifetime of regular library visits and to help children develop into lifelong library users. we invite you to come sing, clap, bounce and listen to nursery rhymes and stories event web site: pittsburgh, pa
__label__non_math	0.9957	stark county fair i stopped into the lot on opening day. the rides were late starting up as they were being inspected by the department of agriculture. this dept. does the ride inspections for ohio. all rides were to open by , but of the adult rides were still not open at p.m. when i left the grounds. there was food and games set up in the midway area of the fair. van wertz, ohio rides included: hurricane, paratrooper, music express, pony ride, super truck, bear affair, rock wall, castlemania, seat big eli wheel, hampton mix, lil-wheel, zemeralla helicopter space, music video fun house, kiddie scrambler, zipper, round-up, sir laugh a lot bounce, screamer, dragon wagon, abreast mgr. also on the lot was food concessions, games and straight sales. this was a nice clean show. but i never did get to take any pictures of the equipment as i had a lot of work to do setting up for my nights performance of the doug danger's stunt show along with interviews with the documentary crew from award productions. west end fair their was rides set up which included: zipper, music express, gravity storm, kiddie swing, kids town, zemp duck boat, hampton boat, spinning tubs, tornado, sky diver, scrambler, pharoah's fury, super slide, orient express, tilt, starship , hampton mix, abreast mgr, plus games, straight sales and food stands. this is a mid size show that was set up at the west end fairgrounds. i spotted seats of oscar's amusements on the grounds. this was to be the last day of the fair as the fair was cancelled the following day because you could not park cars on the lot because of the heavy rains that came thru during the night. i left around that night after working the monster truck show in the pouring rain and i had all i could do to get out of the grounds even with snow treads on my car. great allentown fair there was rides on the lot which included: rapid slide, fun house, monkey maze, coyote run dark ride, rainbow rock, fun town, wacky shack, spook house, sea ray, mardi graz fun house, loop-o-plane, double wheel, train station, spider mania, go-gater, jet fighter, red barron, music express, scrambler, spin-out, seat gondola wheel, pony ride, gravatron, wipe-out, cobra, flying bob's, rock'n'roll, orbiter, bumble bee bop, zem. copter space ship, train station, hampton mix, fun slide, dizzy dragon, castle mania, tempest, para-trooper, swings, kids world, ferris wheel, hampton mix, helicopter, tip top, flying saucer, tilt, zipper, bear affair, abreast mgr, hampton mix, happy wheel, flying dumbos, tramp jump, cliff hanger, speedboat, firetruck, love bug. also side show attractions, food concessions, games and straight sales. i was present on the wettest day of the fair. the show was suppose to open at a.m. than put off to than . the show never did open before i left. steve had his show set up on an extra long lot. one of pa's biggest fair. also booked in was rides from benner's amusements, montana brothers, aeb amusements. will be the last year for this fair as pgam has the contract for . the west end fair where i was the night before closed this day the last day of the fair before 10a.m. as the grounds to park the cars was so muddy and wet they couldn't put people into the grounds. but here in allentown everything else was going on but with very limited amount of patrons except the kids who were going to the concert that night. johnson city field days johnson city, ny the rides included: tug boat, kiddie carosel, spaceship, musical chairs, rock-o-plane, dizzy dragon, hampton mix, fun slide, scat, tempest, roll-o-plane, para-trooper, round-up, plus food concessions and games. i was very surprised to see major rides on this lot as when i saw the show earlier in ogdenburg their was only one set-up. this was a small city festival and had the adult rides seperated from the kiddie area. new york state fair on the lot was rides set up. rides included: construction zone, orient express coaster, phoo-bear, mario-land, hampton cycle jump, wave swinger, tub gondola wheel, king's circus fun house, spin-out, poer jump, jalopy junction, rock wall, fly high, kong's adventure inflatable, dizzy dragon, dino, scrambler, circus train, fireball loop, music express, enterprise, orbiter, zipper, re-mix, hang glider, music express, scrambler, tub gondola wheel, titanic, rock'n'roll, super slide, traffic jam, go-gater, circus train inflatable, duck boat, round-up, thunder bolt, sea ray, x , cliff hanger, fireball claw , starship , bumper cars, terminator, tilt, tornado, scooter, double deck mgr, inflatable slide, monkey maze, das persian kamel, fun house, himalya, haunted mansion dark ride, cuckoo hause fun house, fire truck, train station, peddle boats, fire chief, wacky worm, red barron bi-planes, abreast mgr. fun slide, kangaroo drop, mini-indy, dizzy dragon. also set up was games, food concessions and straight sales. basicly this lot has the same amount of rides that was set up at hamburg. for the past two times on the lot of strates they have not had a full size coaster set up. as big as this show is and they do not have a coaster. i heard this year everything was down on most of the lot, also there was a major accident on the drop tower when cables broke at the same time injuring the riders. this ride had been taken down prior to my arrival. fulton county fair rides set up included: catapillar coaster, bounce, spin the apple, scrambler, hampton mix, train station, crazy bus, drive-in, flying bobs, zipper, avalanche, fun slide, tidal wave, tub century gondola wheel, power surge, krusty crab fun house, mystery machine kids power , mini-indi, rock'n'tug, dizzy dragon, speedway, abreast mgr, round-up, demo derby, sea ray, tilt, yoyo, scooter, fireball loop. also set up was food concessions, games and straight sales. one of units that is playing on this date. a few booked in pieces brought in by wheelock shows. you could tell which rides belonged to who. this fair lot never changes in all the years that i have come to this labor day event. rides included: rock'n'roll, bungy jump, tornado, zipper, trapeze, gravatron, naughts, crystal lil's fun house, scrambler, ghost pirates dark ride, dragon wagon, wind jammer, bear affair, canoe ride, fun slide, acrobat, tub century wheel, tilt, cliff hanger, fright night haunted house, dizzy dragon, hampton mix, sin, dinosaur, hampton cycle jump, super truck, fireball claw , ramrod scooter, pharoah's fury, big eli wheel, abreast mgr, zemperala tea cup. also food concessions, games and straight sales. morris has a nice clean show set up here in chatham. nothing spectacular but everything is of newer models and looks great. a few weeks later i heard that these same rides that was set up here went to a fair in conn. the rides of this show had been red flagged and was shut down by the local inspectors. rides included: orient express, g-force round-up, spin-a-roo, loop-o-plane, tornado, tub gondola wheel, sizzler, tilt, haunted mansion, super himalaya, gravity storm, hot pink slide, truck stop, kiddie scrambler, abreast mgr, princes's castle bounce, flying jumbos, pharoah's fury, sling shot drop tower, starship , wild claw, mini-wave swinger, crystall lil's fun house, scooter, rock wall, rock'n'roll fun house. also food concessions, games and straight sales. this lot layout sees to have less than years ago. there was a few booked in pieces that was in a doniker location from dave wolfe. three county fair north hampton, ma rides included: pharoah's fury, scooter, seat gondola wheel, naughts, wild wind, swinger, zipper, tornado, renegade fun house, family fun slide, dizzy dragon, train station, abreast mgr, dragon wagon, hampton mix, castle mania. also food concessions, games and straight sales. this was the shows first year at the three county fair as larry carr has had it for the past few years. everything was up and running on the last day of the fair. the fair has lost the horse racing and now has very limited amount of entertainment. unless they do something this will be a lost fair in the very near future. one of the big draw was granny's racing pigs. this was the worst pig race i have ever seen as they only had pigs in a small track and the sound system was so loud that a person could talk louder than what came out of the speakers who was working against a truck pull with their loud engines. the pullers only had about 300 spectators in the grandstand. these shows really pulled in the crowd. vermont state fair rides included: euro-jump, zipper, naughts, tip top, tilt, gravatron, scooter, sizzler, himalaya, seat gondola wheel, ring of fire loop, raider, pumpkin patch, catapiller coaster, bob sled race, wave of fire inflatable, cobra, scrambler, round-up, hi-jacker drop tower, super trooper, yoyo, fire chief, slide, abreast mgr, dragon wagon, hampton cycles, hampton boats, circus train, plus games, food concessions and straight sales. on the back side of the track artie had a abreast mgr, wild joker, boats, fire truck and pony cart kiddie rides set up. artie surprised everyone by filling up the lot with many rides. majority of the rides were of coleman brothers shows from ct. this fair is not what it use to be back in the days of the world of mirth or king reid shows. one concessionier has played this date for over years while his boss has played it over years. as i was writing down the lot earlier in the day they thought i was writing down the joints that was not open at the opening time for the day which was o'clock on a tuesday after labor day when kids have gone back to school. everyone was dead all day and it probally cost more for fuel to run the generators than was brought in. rides included: sizzler, taxi jet, train station, go-gater, inflatable monster truck slide, inflatable school of sorcery, old shoe inflatable, ferris wheel seat, tempest, round-up, super slide, octopus, roll-o-plane, aladin,. wacky shack fun house, abreast mgr, plus food concessions, games and straight sales. cushing lmc amusements is one of the cleanest midway providers that plays in maine. everything is painted up even as old as a few of the rides are. with paint and up keep, you do not realize their age. north new portland fair north new portland, me rides include: tempest, round-up, roll-o-plane, sizzler, wacky shack fun house, wheel, go-gater, truck stop, jet taxi, train station. i stopped into the lot the day before the fair opened. rides were set up and even being painted. a few joints was being located and this spot there was less rides than the previous spot the show played. oxford county fair rides included: sky diver, kids power, tilt, space out round-up, tornado, maximum overdrive fun house, naughts, mini scrambler, zipper, abreast mgr, bumper cars, sizzler, rock wall, star trooper, bumble bee, freak out time tunnel dark ride, dragon wagon, circus tent inflarable bounce, raider, mini enterpise zemeralla helicopter space ship, jeep safarri, balloon zemp, slide, the road to oz fun house, ferris wheel, canoe ride, plus games, food concessions and straight sales. most of the rides that was set up was booked on by scott miller of miller amusements of nh and eastern amusements of machias, maine as bud's major rides were being set-up in farmington, maine. this show had an over night jump about miles. this fair is not over loaded with games but the fair does put alot of people thru the gates as they have alot of different attractions going on at the same time. you can tell which rides belongs to smokies just by looking at the lights. my biggest bitch on any show, "lights needs to be working." this is the first time i spotted bud's new sign for foreign worker's which is shown on my opinion page. rides included: super slide, sizzler, yoyo, scooter, abreast mgr, gondola wheel, hampton mix, train station, bear affair, fun slide fun house, dragon wagon, plus games, food concessions and straight sales. this year rockwell had more of it's rides set-up than the last time i was there. that time there was rides booked in from scott miller and coleman brothers. this is a small country fair and one unit of rockwell playing this week just down the street from the big-e. eastern states exposition big-e west springfield, ma rides included: monster house fun house, alpine bobs, niagra falls flume ride, raiders of the lost mine dark ride, cookoo house, mardi graz fun house, rock'n'roll fun house, raider, haunted mansion, polar express, surf city fun house, crazy mouse coaster, fireball loop, starship , scooter, fireball claw , cliff hanger, pharoah's fury, twist, rainbow, scooter, wave swinger, orbitor, wacky worm, super slide, tilt, giant wheel, dizzy dragon, dragon wagon, football inflatable, cross country adventure, swings, speedway, train station, bumble bee bop, kite flyer, tub gondola wheel, hill billy village fun house, glass house, hampton cycle jump, toon town fun house, hampton jeep, rock'n'tug, crazy sub, clown swing, zep helicopter, mgr plus food concessions, games set up on the lot. this lot seem to have less than previous years. just on the back side there was at least 120 feet of open spaces between rides and that had screen fencing up so you could not see thru. i did not count the inside portion but their was a lot of open spaces between those rides too. in the kids area it seem to have more open space there to. absent this year was conklins giant wheel which was replaced by farrows smaller wheel and the drop tower that will be perminatly set up at an amusement park in florida. the mark ii coaster that use to be here will be scraped, and was replaced by the crazy mouse spinning coaster. also new this year was the twist. rides included: abreast mgr horses , convoy, rainbow rock, hampton on trailer, cliff hanger, galleon ride, rock'n'tug, sooper jet coaster, tub gondola wheel, super slide, typhoon, flying bob, orbitor, scooter, sea ray, twist, zero gravity round-up, cobra plus food concessions, games and straight sales. this fair has tripled in size since i was there when paul mayette had the midway. betty gillette had all of her rides set up with the majors set up in the infield and the smaller kiddie rides in back of the grandstands. parking is now located on the outside of the grounds. the locals were very upset at the fair as the fair dropped the demo derby this year after many years of this big drawing crowd event. the fair uses a local military school students for parking and security duties along with selling fair admission tickets. what an unusual site to see wearing fatigues. rides included: tub gondola wheel, tilt, zipper, twist, haunted mansion, cyclone round-up , slide, rock wall, earthquake fun house, raider, sea dragon, thunder bolt, skymaster, pole position coaster, freak-out, cobra, cliff hanger, orient express, abreast mgr, kids power, inflatable, abreast mgr, extreme power tramp, dizzy dragon, inflatable, crazy bus, convoy race, berry-go-round, aero max, atlantis bounce inflatable, go-gater, rock'n'tug, mardi gras fun house, plus games, straight sales, food concessions and commercial displays. i did not no where the independant midway started towards the grandstand so i included those joints in the count. gene dean has a nice set up here in rochester. the size of the midway has more than doubled since i first played there in . there is a lot of games lined up so the show takes in a great amount of money from the footage they charge. there was some rain during the fair which now runs thru weekends compared to when it was only a day fair. this was the first year serge corrona had his circus and petting zoo set up. the only complaint i heard was the circus took up so much area that some of the carnies were having a parking problem compared to previous years. franklin county fair rides included: giant slide, bumper cars, star trooper, sizzler, gravatron, zipper, thunder bolt, circus bounce, jeep safari, maximum overdrive fun house, naughts, freak out dark ride, tilt, tornado, kid's power type ride, road to oz fun house, dizzy dragon, raider, abreast mgr, space ship, hampton cycle, hampton jee, seat gondola wheel, hard climb bungy jump, canoe ride, space out round-up , windsong, bear affair, tiger bounce, hampton cars, bumble bee bop, mini enterprise zemp helicopter space ship, zemp balloon, plus straight sales, food concessions and games. spotted on the lot was painter ron smith who was doing alot of repainting of the shows trailers which is looking great as i love vehicles that has the old style showmen looks. the one thing that a few of the ride jokes about is the lights being out on bud's rides. burnt out or lights not working can really make a show look bad. rides included: train station, inflatable bounce, seat gondola wheel, castle mania, flying bob, tornado, naughts, wild wind, sea ray, swinger, tilt, sizzler, spider, zipper, road to oz fun house, the mystery machine, hampton mix, convoy race, flying dragons, tiger inflatable, hampton mix, dizzy dragon, family fun slide, zemp fling dinosaurs dumbos, abreast mgr, orbitor, windjammer, spin the apple, mind winder, hampton cycle jump, bumble bee bop, mini enterprise zemp. helicopter space ship , food concessions, straight sales. there is no games on the grounds of this fair. equipment on the lot was rides from rockwell amusements, miller amusements, d l amusements and wheelock amusements as most of rockwell's own equipment is sent south for the new fair dates the show picked up last year. this spot runs about the same each year but it does very from to rides for a plus or minus from the year before. what makes the lot looks bigger or smaller is the size of the rides that are set up cumberland county fair rides included: orbiter, zero gravity round-up, cobra, super trooper, bob sled race, train station, hampton mix hampton cycle jump combo trailer, rock'n'tug, sea dragon, twist, rock'n'roll, convoy race, typhoon, scooter, cliff hanger, sooper jet coaster, flying bob, rainbow rock, slide,tub gondola wheel, abreast mgr, galion race plus straight sales, food, games and commercial stands. equipment on the lot this year was down from previous years as in the past years the show was augmented by artie gillete's castlerock rides which was not upthis year. rides included: kids power, super slide, dinosaur bounce inflatable, circus train, live pony ride, pirate paradise fun house, worm, hampton mix, hampton cars, ferris wheel, canoe, mini-scrambler, hampton mix,jeep safari, star fighter, rescue 911, star trooper, maximum overdrive fun house, abreast mgr, scrambler, gravitron, tilt, sky diver, haunted caverns dark ride, dragon wagon, naughts, zipper, rock-o-plane, yoyo, bumper cars, windsong, pharoah's fury, cliff hanger, rock wall, thunder bolt, time tunnel dark ride, round-up, plus games, food concessions and straight sales. fryburg is one of smokies biggest dates of the year. the size of the midway has more than doubled over the years and the fair has more than tripled from the first time i played the fair in . it is the biggest and best known fair in the northeast excluding the big-e . even at noon time on a week day the crowds are jammed in. i arrived at and to my surprise the rides were going full tilt. i talked to george mitford for a few minutes on how much the concessioniers pay for rent to play this spot, etc. than i headed to two more spots on this october day. rides included: hampton cycle jump, abreast mgr, tiger bounce inflatable, zemp helicopter spaceship, sizzler, slide, road to oz fun house, zipper, hampton mix, bumble bee bop plus food concessions and games. this spot is a town's fall festival and the last spot of the year for scott miller. scott had all but one of his rides up as he lent bud gilmore a part from his tilt so bud could have his running at fryburg. than the show was headed to winter quarters about miles away. center sandwich fair center sandwich, nh rides included: rainbow rock, abreast mgr, galion race, rock'n'tug, zero gravity round-up, twist, cliff hanger, rock'n'roll, rock wall, flying bob, super slide, typhoo, tub gondola wheel, hampton mix hampton cycle jump combo on trailer, bob sled race, sooper jet coaster, orbitor, scooter, plus food, games and straight sales. betty has most of her rides up as this evening was a preview night showing of the rides at this new england fall classic fair with a pop. the sandwich fair now runs complete days compared to the late 's when it was a one day fair which opened around and closed at . rides included: berry-go-round, hampton mix, hampton dune buggy, fun slide, pooh bear, boomers magic circus, haunted house fun house, castle of evil dark ride, scooter, gravitron, tsuname inflatable slide, cyclone round-up , swinger,cobra, earthquake fun house, convoy race, raider, thunder bolt, tub gondola wheel, scooter, tilt, pharoah's fury, flying bob, sea dragon, scooter, rock wall, mardi gras fun house, winnie the phooh inflatable bounce, orient express, crazy jeep, a ball crawl, orient express, crazy bear, haunted mansion dark ride, alpine fun house fun house, twister, zipper, artic blast, freak out, atlantis inflatable bounce, bunge tramp, pole position coaster, appollo, abreast mgr, street racer, rock'n'tug, dizzy dragon, tornado, slides, aero max plane, plus straight sales, games and food concessions. gene dean puts in everything he owns at this october date in mass. this means combining both units plus more. this was the second year he had his new ole position coaster up and a few weeks after the fair i saw an ad that it was already for sale. the fair gates open at even on weekends and the midway opens at noon. if you get there late the traffic is backed up for miles as it is a two lane road leading in from i-. when i left at there was still a mile line waiting to get into the fair. that afternoon i tried to get thru the crowd on the grounds and it took along while to go from one end of the fair to the other as the crowd were packed so tight you could not get thru,
__label__non_math	0.9894	heat a room from the floor up under-floor radiant heating involves underlaying the floor with a hot element or tubing that transfers heat into the room via infrared radiation and convection, making forced or blowing air unnecessary. according to the u.s. department of energy's energy savers website, radiant heating "is more efficient than baseboard heating and usually more efficient than forced-air heating because no energy is lost through ducts." it is also flexible as it can run off electricity, gas, oil, wood, solar and other sources or combinations thereof can feed radiant systems. and radiant heating is a good choice for those with severe allergies as no potentially irritating particles get blown around the room. several aspects of radiant heating make it more energy efficient. for starters, the uniform heat distribution over the entire surface of a floor heats the lower half of the room, enveloping inhabitants in warmth at a lower overall temperature in some cases up to five degrees fahrenheit cooler than a conventional heating system. "radiators and other forms of 'point' heating circulate heat inefficiently and hence need to run for longer periods to obtain comfort levels," reports the residential energy services network resnet . "they draw cold air across the floor and send warm air up to the ceiling, where it then falls, heating the room from the top down, creating drafts and circulating dust and allergens." resnet adds that radiant systems transmit heat on average some percent more efficiently than conventional radiators. the efficiency gains can be magnified significantly with good insulation and a well-designed system. while tearing out old heating systems and or replacing decent existing flooring might be overkill for the sake of moving to radiant heat, you can certainly consider it if you are embarking on new building projects or contemplating major renovations. according to tlc network's green living guide, there are two main types of radiant heating, electric and hydronic. in the former, heated wires installed in the floor radiate heat upward. this type of radiant heat is most commonly used to retrofit a single room especially a bathroom or kitchen in an older house or building. meanwhile, hydronic radiant heating, whereby heated water is forced through tubes under the floor, is more often designed into a new structure from the get-go and is more energy efficient overall. tlc points out that while radiant heat is definitely more efficient in smaller, snug homes with lower roofs, it might not always be the best solution in homes with bigger rooms: "in some scenarios it can be less energy efficient than forced-air heating." contact a reputable heating contractor to see if radiant heating is a sensible way to go.
__label__non_math	0.9996	posted november - it's only mid november and i can already tell this winter is going to be hard. i've had this problem my whole life, even when i was a child. i try to get as much as sunlight as possible. i force myself to go out and be with other people. thank goodness for thanksgiving christmas because it keeps me busy. what is your way of dealing with it? posted november - i catch a lot of flak for my feelings about the topic of depression in general, because while i acknowledge that it is real and does exist, i think too many people allow themselves to feel helpless against it. i'll say it until my last days, the mind is the most powerful thing in the world, it can easily defeat depression and other ills, you just have to put in the effort and believe. oh and get lots of vitamin d, both kinds posted november - there will be quite a few days this winter ill just bundle up in warm cloths and go sit by the fire ring in the back yard with a roaring fire. it gets me outside breathing the fresh air and seems to be all it takes to wipe out some of the winter funk. and irish whiskey. lots of irish whiskey. posted november - plus i work indoors and go outside as little as possible when it's cold so there's that. i fuging hate cold weather, hate it. i'd rather it be 100 and humid than below . it is my understanding that this winter is supposed to be a cold one. yay. posted november - and yes, a bear skin rug too. posted november - the vit d thing is an issue. i have been on prescription doses of it off and on for about years. when i'm not on the rx dose, i take ,000 iu day. if i ever stop taking it, my vit d level will plummet. i also have to take 1600mg calcium daily because it's low as well. it is my understanding that these two things work together and it will cause body aches and depression symptoms if they are low. posted november - posted november - i second biscuit, i hate degree weather. fug this poo. posted november - not being able to go to the boat and have beers after work sucks. having to wear a jacket sucks. our football team sucks. posted november - posted november - get the lights...they are supposed to do wonders...and increase your vitamin d intake, you really can't take too much posted november - posted november - posted november - have struggled with depression and the related anixiety disorder most of my adult life. i tried the ssri s and they werent for me. it really isnt weather dependent for me - what seems to make it worse is an excess of alcohol intake - though at the time of the buzz it feels good, the day or days afterward my moods seem to really take a nose dive. try to limit your alcohol intake, intake of sweets and carbs, and start working out - nothing makes me feel better than a good workout - it also relieves stress and anxiety - and yes its tough to do when the black dog appears. you have to be proactive with this illness. nothing makes me feel any more useless and weak than being a slug. to me the workout thing is huge. i workout so much now i think i'm addicted to it... i literally feel bad if i don't go to the gym... even on a planned off day. i feel so much better all of the time now, have more energy, less aches, and am generally in a much better mood. i also don't get sick nearly as much anymore. user s are reading this topic members, guests, anonymous users
__label__non_math	0.9967	dr. carl mumpower, recently re-elected to his second term on the asheville city council, faces a tough road ahead. incoming council members, all liberal, progressives with high hopes of reform, will surely square off against the council's only republican in mumpower. mumpower has a bachelor's degree in psychology from saint leo college, a master's in couseling from western carolina university, master's degree in clinical social work from the university of georgia, and a ph.d in clinical psychology from union institute. cli: director, center for local innovation, chad adams mumpower: dr. carl mumpower, asheville city council cli: buncombe county and the city of asheville are a case study in contrasts. the county is consistently conservative while the city has a strong liberal tilt. as the only elected republican on the city council how do you see asheville changing in the next four years? mumpower: i believe we are in for some adventure for the next two years. it is my sense that the liberal progressive supermajority will wish to take full advantage of their window of opportunity. the reality of their initiatives will likely differ dramatically from the hopes and imaginings of many of their supporters. cli: one of the developing issues in the asheville area is the convention center. cities across the state are spending millions of taxpayer dollars on new convention centers even though attendance is still at levels or diminishing. what would you like to see happen in asheville on this front? mumpower: we need a realistic plan that is doable, affordable, and supportable. this is a tall order in view of financial constraints, political realities and uncertain utilization patterns. i am concerned that our civic center visions are going to be unrealistic for a city our size. the option that makes most sense at this point is to do a measured upgrade of the existing facility. we would like a mercedes, but a nice family ford may make more sense. cli: asheville has a thriving downtown that is the envy of many cities throughout nc. luckily, the private sector is supporting much of what happens. with new high-rise condos and projects like the grove arcade how would you advise other towns to create an atmosphere that brings people to downtown? mumpower: asheville has achieved it's unique downtown with a combination of hard work, mother nature's blessings, the graceful touch of developers past, and good luck. a vibrant downtown requires safety first, unique and varied attractions second, and a commitment to growth and freshness third. asheville presently has all three -- sustaining this balance will be like riding a bicycle -- we will need to keep peddling. cli: asheville is one of the few remaining city school systems left in nc. do you foresee any changes to that system? if not, what do you think makes it work? mumpower: it works well in some areas quality of education -- very poorly drop out rate of black males students in others. there are a large number of good people committed to our highly subsidized city education system. to the credit of our administrator, the school board, and many folks in the community, there is an ongoing commitment to finding ways to do it all better. cli: looking ahead, what are some of the challenges you see for city government in the asheville area and what would you like to see changed? mumpower: we have a progressive liberal city council with a strong mandate. it will be curious to see what level of authentic leadership these folks assume, and the degree to which their initiatives are coached in facts, fairness, and the tenets of a free society. as i shared earlier -- we are in for an adventure.
__label__non_math	1.0000	we have made it very simple for customers to place orders for car parts online. you just need to specify the year of your bmw 318 to view the entire car parts for your car. our warehouses are located in many parts of the country. we will always deliver the ordered parts to your doorstep as quickly as possible. to find out more about our car parts and our services call our toll free support line -800-565- or send your emails to firstname.lastname you can count on us for our quality, availability and customer service. we offer free shipping for all purchases above us . car parts warehouse is a great place to shop for your bmw shock absorber and offers industry leading customer service. our usa based experts are standing by to serve all of your car parts needs
__label__non_math	1.0000	scott and stephanie although both born and raised in sonoma county, scott and stephanie kendall officially first met while attending san diego state university. growing up in a culinary family, scott kendall always knew he belonged in the kitchen. he gained experience from working restaurants since age fourteen and learning from his mother, a culinary arts teacher. to further his knowledge of the restaurant industry, he majored in business management in college. suitably, stephanie also desired to work in the restaurant service industry. she majored in marketing, and after meeting scott worked together at karl strauss in la jolla. after graduating and traveling for a year, they moved back to their hometown where stephanie was hired at del dotto winery to expand her knowledge of wine. meanwhile, scott and stephanie conceptualized the details and design for their own restaurant. presently, scott and stephanie kendall have united their passions and are seizing the day at carpe diem wine bar, where they have converted their dreams into reality. alli grew up in the small town crockett, ca, in a family that is passionate about wine and food. her love of food, especially desserts, started at a very young age. however, her love of wine didn't begin until her sister moved to the napa valley when she was years old. after attending csu chico, and graduating with a degree in sociology, she joined her sister in napa looking forward to a change of pace. alli has worked at carpe diem since it first opened, and has enjoyed growing with the company, meeting many interesting people and close friends, and learning more about food and wine. presently, she is the assistant manager and event coordinator. with this role she always contributes to carpe diem s warm and welcoming environment by being a gracious host, knowledgeable server, and a passionate manager. nick hammond was practically born and raised with wine pouring through his veins. he grew up learning how to make wine by working beside his grandpa, dad and brother on their farm in fresno. he then attended fresno pacific university where he mainly played soccer, studied business administration and management, and worked at local wineries. after graduating, nick coached soccer, played for a semi-pro league and assisted his family as they created their own wine label. in , he moved to napa to fully pursue a career in wine. he first scored a job at del dotto vineyards giving wine and cave tours. soon after, he became a wine specialist, hospitality liaison and concierge at vintner s collective, where he became acquainted with some of the best producers in the valley. presently, nick works alongside mitch operating the wine and beer program at carpe diem. nick s lively presence and knowledge of wine simply reflects his love for the industry and all the people that he has met along the way. mitchell's love for wine began in the mid 's when he was able to buy bordeaux and burgundy at reasonable prices. he lived in new jersey and was vp of finance for a distribution company. his travels to champagne, provence, tuscany and piedmont exposed him to the history of wine and it's importance in everyday life. mitchell left suburbia for the beautiful mountains of aspen, colorado where, in , he opened his own restaurant. his passion for wine and hospitality helped him build a wine list of 250 bottles. mitchell sold his restaurant after a few years and decided to move to napa last winter. as wine manager of carpe diem he is excitedly expanding our selections from around the world while maintaining a focus on napa and california. napa native, marti cassinerio, grew up in a house in the woods where she developed an appreciation for the outdoors, especially hiking and riding horses competitively. yet, she equally enjoyed indoor activities, specifically reading, writing and drawing. wanting to experience a city lifestyle, marti attended csu long beach, graduating with a ba in english creative writing and literature. during college, she worked for a large corporate restaurant as a seating hostess, where she first discovered her appetite for the service industry. after graduating, she immediately returned to napa to learn more about her new interest in food and wine. besides teaching riding lessons, marti is currently the maitre 'd of carpe diem, as a server, hostess and writer of cd's wine bar blog. with her love of people, endless curiosity, and innovative mind, "marti parti's" enthusiasm contributes to the lively and creative spirit of carpe diem wine bar.
__label__non_math	1.0000	including labor and supplies details for this floor product and color availability varies by store. not all products available in all stores. warranty summary for this floor your recently viewed items premiere flooring america veterans boulevard monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday, friday
__label__non_math	0.9995	while aston martin is preparing the current generation dbs for its last hurray before it reveals a replacement model, aftermarket specialist anderson germany has crafted a new styling and performance package named after the twenty-first film in the james bond film series, casino royale. based on the dbs platinum grey edition, the british sports car combines a matte grey paint job for the body with shiny gray accents for the window borders, tailgate surround and the grille. other details worth mentioning are the new -inch wheels in a shiny black finish, the carbon fiber trim kit and the special black and bronze logos. for the interior, anderson germany prepared a carbon fiber accent package that covers the air vents, cup holders, door handles, ashtrays, door sills, steering wheel, handbrake handle and the center console, while the rest of the interior is dressed in black leather and alcantara with bronze stitching. under the hood, the german tuner tweaked the ecu software and strapped on a high-performance exhaust system. this boosted output from 510hp 517ps to 564hp 572ps .
__label__non_math	0.9941	as states try to stop drivers from operating vehicles without auto insurance, more of them are requiring proof of insurance at the time the owner applies for car registration. all states now require some form of car liability coverage and even the ones that don't require proof of auto insurance for registering a vehicle require it in other instances like when pulled over for a traffic stop. insurers all provide this type of documentation, but there are different methods for getting it. before the era of the internet, all companies handled this via mail and most companies will still send permanent and replacement cards via the postal service. trade-in on a new vehicle if you trade your car in for a new one, most states will allow you to use proof of insurance from the original vehicle as documentation for the new acquisition when doing your registration. this can be helpful if your insurance company sends new cards or proof of car insurance letters via regular mail. most companies will allow you to change coverage from one vehicle to another over the phone and have coverage start immediately. so the only real delay is in getting the physical documents. if your state doesn't allow this you'll need to visit your agent if you have one in person or call the company to see what options you have. if you bought your insurance policy via the internet they should have some method for getting your new documentation printed out. adding an another vehicle when adding a vehicle, though, the process can be a bit more difficult. some states will also honor your existing car insurance card as proof of car liability coverage on the new vehicle. for those whose states don't, though, you'll need something else to complete your car registration. if you do business with your insurance company via the internet you can again turn to the system they have put in place to print your own proof of insurance card or proof of car insurance letter. this can save headaches by cutting down the delay for the physical card to arrive in the mail. once more if you have an in-person agent you'll probably need to pay a visit. registering your first vehicle the problem is compounded if you are trying to register your first vehicle. in those cases, you don't have an old proof of insurance card to use. so, calling in for coverage is generally out of the question if your state requires proof of insurance to do your car registration. in that instance you'll either need to sit down with an actual live representative or use the internet to get your insurance coverage. if you go the "live person" route, they'll certainly provide you with either a card or proof of insurance letter on the spot. as mentioned in the previous paragraph, internet-based policies will always provide some method of making the documentation available for you to print.
__label__non_math	0.9993	important - please read before requesting a deletion: - disagreeing with the content of a review or comment is not a good reason to request that it be deleted - inconsistencies in the content of a review or comment is not a good reason to request that it be deleted either. raise this issue in a comment about the review or comment - deletions are instant, but they will be reviewed at a convenient time, and any that seem inappropriate will be reversed - deletion requests must contain a name, e-mail address, country of residence, and a reason why the review or comment should be deleted. you may be contacted in order to verify the genuine nature of the deletion request please e-mail steven jackson if you want to request a deletion for a reason not offered here.
__label__non_math	1.0000	check out what s hot online right now. a teenager from essex, england, has scored off the charts on an iq test, landing a 161. that s stephen hawking einstein level. the -year-old describes herself as a ditzy blond but obviously is not. check this out actor will ferrell ejected shaquille o neal from a lakers game last night. ferrell donned the uniform of a security guard and had some fun with the retired nba legend. little girl hears heavy metal for first time. watch her response. gatehouse news service
__label__math	0.5474	you could try creating a mask black and white image concentrating on the pathways than the buildings. here's a quick photoshop test - gimp will probably have similar things : fill background : draw out streets i used a brush to draw the biggest, then keep reducing the brush size for alleys ways etc. also used the circular marquee tool and then stroke white for the curved areas. with photoshop cs2 and higher you can press shift when using a brush to create striaght lines. my example is pretty slap-dash resulting in acute angled walls , whitch while do occur in real life in buildings, might be too extreme. more care at this point for more square structures will make a better looking city similar to the example you have. you can also have a brush of a street, turn up the spacing for regular distanced streets - you'll need to adjust the angle as you go. : using , i turned it into a mask - putting it in the channels palette and so i could only select the black areas. created a new layer and filled grey. on that new layer used the layer fx bevel and drop shadow. :played with filter high pass and adjust levels. it looks like that example uses photocopy or similar. i didnt spend long - about minutes working out a method, and typing this response inc obviously with more care you could get some l, h c shaped buildings. if you do use photoshop, you can also create the foot print of buildings even faster by openeing up the square brushes, and brush options. turn up the spacing , the angle a bit and the size jitter. though with this you can only have rows and collumns of buildings. if you have painter, i think you can probably do the curves streets with this method. i havent used it much but i know it does have a brush to orientate to the angle of stroke. coral painter usually has free tryb4 you buys to downloads. you can also use photoshop another way - rather than the square brush, make one detail, high res version of a building or half a dozen types then turn it into a brush with size jitters and you can rotate it etc as mentioned above. your create a hi res version and so you can scale it as a brush without it pixelating and draw with it with spacing turned up. if you can shift click with this brush for a straight lines then you can create blocks pretty quickly. hope it helps. i didnt spend too much time on this, so im sure there may be better ways. for example i'm already thinking - get the roleplaying city map generator to help create the mask and go from there. or someone else might have a more simple approach still.
__label__non_math	1.0000	call us on 725 311 news events cashregisters.com.au pty ltd remain the recognized leaders in the sales, hire and servicing of point of sale systems and electronic cash registers for small, medium and large businesses operating in the retail and hospitality industries. with over years experience in point of sale solutions, our consultants and technicians understand both this industry, and your business, and are able to make informed recommendations that will benefit you, our customer. it is this underlying attention to customer service and adding value that has seen cashregisters.com.au grow to become one of the largest independently owned supplier of electronic point of sale equipment, electronic cash registers and related sales, supplies and repair services.
__label__non_math	0.9992	hard rock casino ready for auction of king of pop memorabilia the hard rock hotel and casino in las vegas is set today to hold an auction of all kinds of memorabilia having to do with the "king of pop", himself, michael jackson. the auction has received much interest as of late as jackson and his lawyers had been trying to block the auction from happening, but after realizing they had no legal claim to the merchandise, the lawsuit was settled, and the auction will go on. whether jackson will attend the auction is still unknown. jackson, now , has spent the past few years getting ready for a return to the world of pop music after being acquitted in on child molestation charges in california. some of the items included in today's auction include a militaristic red coat with gold rope that was designed by bill whitten, that belonged to jackson. also, the contract to his 187 million purchase of the ever popular "neverland" ranch. the collection up for auction is one so huge, we will probably never see a complete collection auctioned that will rival jacksons. the former owner of the collection was henry vaccaro, a new jersey businessman. he acquired the memorabilia after a failed business deal wound up in bancruptcy court. universal went on to buy the items from vaccaro for million. lloyd's of london then insured the items for more than million. it is not known how much money will be generated by the sale of the items, but there has been inquiries from as far off as the far east and europe. previous casino gambling news articles marketing results opens wyandotte nation casino singapore casino project to be run by genting international west virginia charles town casino could be first with table games seminoles in florida to negotiate with crist over full gambling illinois senate passes bill that could allow a chicago casino
__label__non_math	1.0000	take on the dealer in this fast-paced casino classic at william hill casino club. gladiator is just one title in the new slots line up at 21nova casino. with to payline slots on offer eurogrand is home to the latest and greatest place your bets - top stories - a closer look at britain s wagscasino of the monthboxers chisora and haye cause a ruckus in munichshow your nerve and skill with seven card studonline poker gets iowa senate nod senate study bill 3164play omaha hi lo for an expert poker gamebehind the scenes of live casino gamblingadele: gongs fingers at brit awards12 :09for an interesting look at poker, all in the poker movie, will entertain and enlighten, but don t expect secretsfull storyad for: top stories - most popular - :37with love in the air and winnings in your future, ruby bingo is the place to be on valentine s dayfull story13 :20after a year fought fighting back from throat surgery, magic-voiced adele scores big at the music world s biggest nightfull storyad for: most popular - all right reserved casinotimes.co.uk
__label__non_math	0.9998	cassville's annual nighttime parade was sponsored by the cassville area chamber of commerce. "given the weather, i was very pleased with the parade," said mindi artherton, chamber executive director. "we have some real troopers in southwest missouri. "it was by no means perfect weather conditions, but we still had several parade entries and a good crowd lined main street," said artherton. "thank you to everyone that devoted so much time and money to the parade. i know it was wet and chilly, but it turned out well." this year, the cassville united methodist church's holiday float took home the top prize in the religious division. all points recycling earned first place in the commercial devision, and the cassville high school ffa claimed the top prize in the non-religious division. other cassville christmas parade winners included: southwest marching trojan band, first place, marching bands; son rose trail riders, first place, horse division; ron and kim patrick, volkswagen hot rod, best decorated vehicle; daniel and jennifer pendergraft, t-bucket, oldest vehicle; and ryan and bowen preddy and ryan and kaden wilson, belair, most unusual vehicle. exeter christmas parade area residents also braved wet weather to attend exeter's annual christmas parade on saturday. the procession was led by dale mitchell, who served as this year's grand marshal. exeter's city choice award was presented to the exeter first baptist church, which entered a festive holiday float. other exeter parade winners were: southwest high school ffa, first place, and exeter carnival king and queen, second place, school floats; exeter first baptist church, first place, and bethlehem freewill baptist, second place, religious floats; jimmy's pre-owned, first place, and butterfield fire department, second place, non-religious floats; son rose trail riders, first place, and david bowman mules and wagon, second place, best presentation horses; gene robbins, first place, best of show horses; ron patrick, volkswagen hot rod, first place, and larry averman, model t hot rod, second place, oldest vehicles; cassville cruisers, first place, and johnnie hilery construction four-wheelers, second place, best decorated vehicles; carl harlow race car, first place; and bikers against child abuse baca , second place, most unusual vehicles; southwest marching trojan band, first place, musical bands; southwest high school flag team, first place, and lauren mitchell, southwest high school twirler, second place, non-musical marching units; and donnie cooper, tractor, first place, antique tractors.
__label__non_math	0.9991	hummingbird is a newly renovated tobago one-bedroom holiday rental apartment surrounded by lush tropical gardens and offering affordable, secluded accommodation for couples seeking a caribbean vacation. located below rainforest it has astonishing views of the beach and the whole of castara bay. it also looks east across the garden to the village beyond and to the rainforest ridge in the distance, where the sun rises. in august we took the opportunity to extend and upgrade our apartments in tobago and converted hummingbird into a one bedroom accommodation with new hardwood windows and doors and much more space to relax, dine, read or absorb the ever changing landscape of ocean, beach, garden and rainforest. in the process of renovation we completely upgraded the shower room and have added a new, separate and spacious kitchen. there is also a spacious outside terrace with table and chairs for dining or limin', and with terrific views of the beach and ocean. this terrace is surrounded by colourful tropical plants that are much visited by a variety of birds and offers seclusion and privacy to those seeking a special caribbean vacation. hummingbird adjoins hummingbird and has also been renovated to the same high standard. following the renovations, it is now possible for two couples or a family to rent both these apartments at castara retreats, tobago. when the wooden dividing wall between the terrace areas is retracted it creates a spacious -foot terrace that spans the whole front of this accommodation with comfortable seating and dining options. it is perfect for those who appreciate privacy within a shared environment with two en suite shower rooms. hummingbird is a quiet and secluded tobago holiday apartment with a private entrance via a flight of steps that leads onto the spacious -foot long covered terrace that spans the front of this accommodation. this terrace has lovely views to the north west to the beach and ocean and also to the east where it looks onto the tropical gardens that attract a profusion of birds including hummingbirds which are constantly in view. there are tables and chairs for inside and outside dining, two comfortable lounge chairs and a hand made coffee table for taking your ease, and a full-length hammock if you are seriously intent on relaxing. the space is perfect for couples wanting privacy and is also sufficiently spacious, well appointed and furnished for inviting friends or family to visit or join you for a meal during your holidays in tobago. the large double bedroom has a fitted hardwood wardrobe, a queen size bed with good quality mattress, pillows, white cotton sheets and bed cover. the bed is covered by a very large mosquito net on a rectangular wooden frame that allows lots of space underneath and there is discreet spot lighting controlled by dimmer switches. the bed looks directly out to the ocean and beach and the atmosphere is enhanced by the carved sun panels that are featured above all the windows and doors and allow the breeze to flow throughout the day and night as you enjoy your caribbean vacation at castara retreats. adjoining this is a good sized shower room and toilet that is beautifully tiled and lit by flush spot lights with dimmer switch. the all new kitchen area is finished with hardwood windows, doors and cabinets, all made by local craftsmen. the kitchen has the same spectacular views as the terrace and looks to the ocean and beach as well as to the garden and is located to allow ease of access and socialising with both the indoor and outdoor terraces which makes serving meals and drinks easy and relaxing. as people have come to expect of castara retreats and our apartments in tobago, hummingbird is well equipped with a new top of the range cooker and full size fridge-freezer and has quality utensils, pans, coffee and teapots, glasses and china plates and bowls. the whole area, including the terrace, is illuminated by spotlights with dimmer controls, which are perfect for creating soft low lighting for a romantic atmosphere, with the added benefit of avoiding the tropical insects that are attracted by bright light. as with all the accommodations there is an iron, ironing board, hair dryer, security safe, and ventilation fan. we have just installed a good quality ipod docking system. you can also use your iphones and mp3 players on the system provided you pick up a mini jack to stereo rca cable available at dixons at airports . castara retreats is happy to provide this system but please be mindful of volume level both during the day and in the evening so you do not disturb your neighbours. hummingbird offers a holiday in tobago also blessed with the best of the breezes at castara retreats and is noticeably cooler on a hot day than all of the other accommodations. we have as usual designed doors and windows with wooden louvers that allow the breeze through at all times that they are open. for couples seeking quality tobago accommodation, hummingbird offers the perfect location for their caribbean holidays.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the pupils of st. patrick's de la salle bns have been busy over the past few weeks preparing shoe boxes for the christmas child appeal - one of the world s largest children s christmas projects. yesterday the boys helped pack the boxes in preparation for their long trip to armenia, where many excited little boys and girls await their lovely christmas gifts. the board of management staff wish to thank the pupils their parents for so generously donating to this amazing christmas project. the school has donated 240 shoeboxes. well done to all involved.
__label__non_math	1.0000	castle bromwich community website is privately owned and maintained and does not receive any direction, support or funding from any organisations, political parties or government agencies. the website management is happy to receive content that is of interest to the residents of castle bromwich, but reserves the right to determine what is published. the aim of this website is to provide an online resource for castle bromwich residents to access and as such we are happy to promote community events and list castle bromwich businesses free of charge. the website will promote the positive aspects of our community and report on local government, community activities and support services, as well as providing a forum for residents to communicate together.the website will also report local news items and provide links to outside websites which the adminstrators feel will be of interest to local residents. anything published on this site is for information purposes only and not intended to constitute professional advice as circumstances will vary from person to person. listing of any businesses or events does not constitute an endorsement of them by this site. whilst every attempt will be made to keep the site relevent and inclusive, information will not always be up to date and cannot necessarily be relied upon. we would advise you to check all event and business details before leaving home. we are not responsible for the contents or reliability of any other websites to which we provide a link and do not necessarily endorse the views expressed within them. you must not use our website in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity. the majority of content posted in this forum and on this website is created by members of the public and maintained by volunteers. the views expressed are theirs and unless specifically stated are not those of the site owners. we accept no responsibility for any loss or harm incurred.
__label__non_math	0.9991	perfect for doghouses, basements, garages, barns, sheds, porches or any other outdoor shelter. this soft, orthopedic bed is unique in that it will still provide soft, comfortable warmth even in sub-zero weather measures " x ". the only soft outdoor heated bed on the market recommended for indoor and outdoor use great for dog houses, porches, garages, barns or in the home. thermostatically controlled to warm to your pet's normal body temperature
__label__non_math	0.9994	immaculate conception young girl of faith from galilee: so human, so prone to motherhood, craving life, yearning yahweh to see a world more softened. marian strategy apostolic mission: the role of the rosary prayer when pursuing holiness. and now, a word from whose sponsors? appropriate is a word that has fallen out of use and application. advertisers and television networks ought to exercise a little judgment about what is proper to show. the vocation of mary this is a festival of the mother of god whose skin is brown, red, and yellow as well as white. this is also a day to celebrate the diversity that god, the creator has gifted us with. a contemporary christmas carol each one of us has this time of christmas to discover someone in need, someone who is sad, someone who is looking for christ. and so often we learn that we really don t have to look that far. don t give up on your new year's resolutions yet this spe salvi reflection can help you to find daily hope to keep your resolutions. your struggles can actually be very meaningful to your own salvation and the salvation of others. read ana s story to find out how.
__label__non_math	0.9999	holy gospel: february "when jesus disembarked and saw the vast crowd, his heart was moved with pity for them, for they were like sheep without a shepherd; and he began to teach them many things." mark : - different men and women we have to act in a different way in marriage, in family life, in business, in politics, in relationships with other men and women. in all of these areas we have to distinguish ourselves from the present society and its values. out of sync fr. john bullock teaches the pitfalls of syncretism.
__label__non_math	0.9999	bioethics battle is between contrary visions of the human person, says rome professor lexington, ky cross roads - in the field of bioethics, two contrary visions of the human person are engaged in a fierce battle with far-reaching implications for the human race, a professor of bioethics told a lexington group feb. at the catholic center in lexington. br. than spoke in lexington, during a two-week speaking tour of the u.s. and canada. the inherent dignity is found metaphysically in the individual the human person is an end in himself and never to be used as a means, br. than said, adding that human beings are never to be treated as merchandise or degraded by classification as non- or less-than-human. the truth about the human person, he said, exists at both the empirical and the philosophical levels. by contrast, the liberal utilitarian view shuns any notion of inherent value and reduces the human person, by classification, to the individual s capacity for thought, for independence or autonomy, for the ability to feel or relate to others, and freedom from suffering. in other instances, the utilitarian position coins new terms, such as pre-embryo and activated egg, to describe early life or assigns arbitrary timelines for life to begin, such as days or implantation. however, br. than said, bioethics requires a right view of the human person because anything else will have disastrous consequences. communism, the source of cultural havoc br. than traced utilitarian thinking back to the philosophies spawned by the industrial revolution late 18th century and the injustices of the then-newly industrialized world which influenced the thinking of karl marx, whose philosophy became the template for communism. communism brought a lot of the havoc and miseries that we experience today, br. than said, adding that ideas spark action and move the broader culture. the bioethics professor also said cultural relativism and pluralism make no judgments about right or wrong and consider freedom an absolute and everyone should do whatever they want. he offered several snapshots of how the utilitarian view is making inroads into the common culture: chinese scientists have combined human and rabbit cells; a professor of bioethics in england has said that people should be able to sell their internal organs in order to rise above poverty; and a sydney, australia, hospital removed a woman from dialysis, because of her suffering and the burden of costs. twenty years ago, these news items would make headlines nowadays we ve become desensitized to this kind of abuse, br. than said. ideas, movements, and agendas are not spontaneous, he said. rather, they are forwarded and financed by people who want to change the culture and are often abetted by the media. at various times in the past years, the abortion, euthanasia, and same-sex marriage movements have launched major propaganda offensives, in order to make acceptance of these movements part of the cultural landscape. br. than said the notion of privacy introduced in the contraception case griswold v. connecticut and ensconced as a right in roe v. wade was cited in a assisted suicide case, an example of logic filtering down through culture. he said this cultural osmosis is very dangerous and geared toward changing families and changing culture. the attack of the clones br. than, a self-described sci-fi buff, reacted to news earlier in the month that korean scientists had successfully cloned human. when he was younger, he said, he thought cloning was fantastic, like the harrison ford movie blade runner. is it sci-fi or reality? the line is not so clearly drawn these days, br. than said. these various attacks on human life, he said, are not just theoretical it s going to affect your family. it s going to affect your children, your grandchildren. to promote the catholic church s vision of human life and dignity in the culture, what is needed is a new generation of catholic intellectuals, br. than said. he told the people present that they can take practical steps as catholics by praying, studying the issues and church teaching, political activism, serving the weak and the poor, and by work in the world of ideas to explain the church s correct vision of the human person. rate this article leave a comment more diocese news - newman centers are anchor of faith at public colleges - a pinprick to revive devotion - family celebration: utah women travel to india to meet with sponsored children - deportation of wis. eighth-grader reveals immigration policy's painful side to class - mandatory drug testing to be implemented in oklahoma city catholic high schools - catechesis of the good shepherd hands-on religious education gets a look in texas - food versus fuel: is biofuel production to blame for our present food shortage? - spirituality key to the dying patient s quality of life, says catholic doctor - bioethics battle is between contrary visions of the human person, says rome professor - fr. paul schenck: finding living faith on catechetical sunday - the movie yellow: incest as 'normal' and cassavates's slides into the world of woes - the chicago school teachers strike reveals the need for school choice - the sexual barbarians and the dissolution of culture - the happy priest challenges us to ask: who is jesus to me? - michael coren on canadian public schools: teachers, leave those kids alone - we cannot ignore our consciences: cardinal dolan on religious liberty - in the face of danger, successor of peter travels to lebanon as a messenger of peace - reflections on the dignity and vocation of women: who or what?
__label__non_math	0.9999	news - scotus mariology symposium version and above required to view videos uploaded by airmaria on in preparation for the international centenary symposium on the mariology of bl john duns scotus, fr peter fehlner describes the native culture of duns in the 13th century and historical considerations. the franciscans of the immaculate, in conjunction with the day with mary apostolate of england, will be hosting a symposium commemorating the 700th anniversary of the death of bl. john duns scotus : international centenary symposium on the mariology of bl. john duns scotus. it will be held at: grey college, university of durham, england 9th - 11th september for more information: ave maria leave a comment want to share your informative and entertaining video with an international audience? sign in
__label__non_math	0.9982	discipleship: no excuses recently i had an interesting exchange with a reader who was concerned that i was too hard on the many catholics who have simply been too spiritually lazy to take seriously the second vatican council s call to renewal in their personal lives see afterword: the mythology and the reality of vatican ii . this correspondent thought such laziness was inevitably the catholic norm, and insisted that the real blame lies with their pastors priests and bishops who have distorted or ignored the council. of course, it is not just the council we re talking about, but the authentic call to renewal which lies at the heart of every christian life. i have no wish, of course, to exonerate culture-bound shepherds, whose failure to exercise a proper responsibility for their flocks will indeed by judged harshly. as luke s gospel explains, to whom much is given, from him much will be expected lk . but it is also necessary to insist on other parts of the same gospel which stress the responsibility each person bears to seek god, learn his will, and follow it. it is true that everyone is judged according to what he has been given, but as the parable of the talents shows, satisfactory excuses are few and far between. our lord said as much elsewhere in st. luke s gospel, when he reflected on discipleship. if any one comes to me and does not hate his own father and mother and wife and children and brothers and sisters, yes, and even his own life, he cannot be my disciple . and whoever does not bear his own cross and come after me, cannot be my disciple . and again so therefore, whoever of you does not renounce all that he has cannot be my disciple . jesus gave two examples to illustrate what he meant. in the first, he compares a failure in discipleship to a man who starts building a tower without sufficient resources to finish it - . in the second, he compares such a failure to a king who neglects to sue promptly for peace if he sees he is about to be assailed by an enemy more powerful than himself - . the second example is perhaps the easier to grasp. the wise king, realizing he cannot resist the opposing force, sends an embassy and asks terms while the other is a great way off. in other words, the wise king is willing to capitulate promptly, to give up whatever is asked. in the same way, any wise person, seeing the vast difference between god and himself, must be willing to capitulate to give up anything and everything to save his life. the case is similar with the one building the tower, who will be a laughingstock if he cannot finish. does our lord mean that we should not build if we wisely foresee that we lack sufficient resources to complete the tower? this can hardly be the point. rather, what is required to build a true tower to god is simply all that we have just as in the case of the king. only if we are willing to give everything can we be his disciples. holding back makes us god s object lessons his laughingstocks. i grant that this self-abnegation does not often occur promptly, nor does it generally happen all at once. certainly our lord tells the merciful and moving story of the prodigal son in the very next chapter. nonetheless, he has already made it clear earlier in the same chapter that discipleship is a serious business, with serious consequences attending its failure. we find him at a banquet where the guests are vying for the higher places, and so he gives a lesson in humility again, the emphasis is on self-emptying , and on the blessings self-effacement brings to those who immediately seek out a lower place. so one of the guests exclaims, blessed is he who shall eat bread in the kingdom of god we might expect our lord to approve this insight, but he does not. instead but jesus replies with the parable of the householder whose ostensible friends refused to come to his banquet. in anger the householder turns to the poor, the maimed, the blind, and the lame; he sends his servants even into the highways and hedges to draw in guests to fill his house. for i tell you, none of those men who were invited shall taste my banquet - . these are our lord s words just before st. luke takes up the requirements of true discipleship. they are also reminiscent of one of his more famous sayings: not everyone who says to me, lord, lord, will enter the kingdom of heaven mt . indeed, in another place in luke s own account, jesus christ demands in apparent exasperation: why do you call me lord, lord, and not do what i tell you? . but, you see, what he tells us is that we must sacrifice everything to be his disciples. so, yes, our god is a merciful god. he alone reads the heart aright, and we must not presume to judge the spiritual state of anyone s heart. but neither may anyone rely on excuses. excuses won t get the tower built or save the life of the king and his people. in exactly the same way unless we wish to be laughingstocks or worse, and myself first of all we must not count on excuses in the spiritual life. an appeal from our founder, dr. jeffrey mirus: dear reader: if you found the information on this page helpful in your pursuit of a better catholic life, please support our work with a donation. your donation will help us reach five million truth-seeking readers worldwide this year. thank you progress toward our spring goal ,725 to go : all comments are moderated. to lighten our editing burden, only current donors are allowed to sound off. if you are a donor, log in to see the comment form; otherwise please support our work, and sound off posted by: jimgrum697380 - it is ironic that the current times require attention to spiritual health. the myriad distractions and incessant pursuit of people, places and things result in unparalleled spiritual agitation. a marked decline in the baseline of moral acceptance has disposed a generation to an increased appetite for the sensual. thus, the climate is most unfavorable for widespread spiritual dynamism. i doubt that many spiritually anemic persons worry enough to make excuses. at least i do .
__label__non_math	0.9397	cardinal stephen sou hwan kim, archbishop emeritus of seoul korea , was born on may in tae gu; ordained a priest on september ; named bishop of masan on february ; received episcopal consecration on may ; promoted to archbishop of seoul on april ; created and proclaimed cardinal by paul vi in the consistory of april , with the title of st. felix of cantalice at centocelle; archbishop emeritus of seoul resigned april ; apostolic administrator of pyeong yang june until april . during the korean war he assisted in various parishes of the then apostolic vicariate of tae gu, and was also secretary to the archbishop. he was transferred to japan, where he earned a degree in philosophy at the catholic university j chi daigaku of tokyo, directed by the jesuits. he returned to korea and ran the "catholic shilbo", the catholic newspaper of tae gu. he was then sent to europe, where he specialized in social sciences at m nster, germany from to . after returning to korea, he was appointed bishop of masan and two years later became archbishop of seoul. in the south korean capital, he worked toward implementing the spirit of vatican ii in the diocese, and intensified evangelization activity inviting lay participation. one of his priorities was the pursuit of dialogue with non-christians and the coordination of shared humanitarian and charitable efforts. his statements and initiatives on behalf of human rights in difficult politically internal situations were very courageous. he was more than once president of the korean episcopal conference; from to he was president of the federation of the asian bishops' conference fabc ; from to he was a member of the council of the general secretariate of the synod of bishops. president delegate of the special assembly for asia of the synod of bishops . he was also apostolic administrator of pyeong yang, korea june1975- april . created and proclaimed cardinal by paul vi in the consistory of april , of the title of san felice da cantalice a centocelle st. felix of cantalice a centocelle .
__label__non_math	0.9997	from first fold to flight, and at every stage in between, the catlin gabel experience is one fantastic voyage. thanks to enthusiastic bidders, donors, supporters, volunteers, and staff, we set some records this year auction contributions make it possible for the school to provide a low student-teacher ratio, exceptional teachers, outstanding academic programs, and a strong commitment to financial aid. the funds we raise are essential for the school to thrive and enrich the student experience. thank you to the many, many wonderful people who spent countless hours preparing for the event during the last eight months. special gratitude to fantastic co-chairs karen hoke and kirsten brady. their vision, commitment, and creative direction guided the entire voyage. enjoy the fantastic voyage video and photo gallery. the video is about catlin gabel alumna qiddist hammerly's voyage from the beginning school through the upper school and her successful launch from our nest to northwestern university. thank you for making this year one to remember lark palma, head of school guests at the auction were treated to this video featuring catlin gabel lifer qiddist hammerly ', a student at northwestern university. following the video, qiddist, her first grade buddy from last year, and her senior buddy from when she was a first grader took the stage. there was not a dry eye in the house scroll down to see the photo gallery. from the winter caller john chun elizabeth baldwin how a catlin gabel education helped you succeed why do you support catlin gabel? catlin gabel flourishes because alumni care to invest in it. support what you love. support the catlin gabel fund. make a contribution at the catlin gabel flaming chickens won the chairman s award for the fourth time students from catlin gabel and wilsonville high school are working together on a groundbreaking program, word and hand. its aim is to build new creative skills in young artists and writers by having them responding to each other s work. four student writers and four students who are visual artists from each school are paired with their opposite in the other school. in this pilot program funded by the william t. colville foundation, the students learn how artists and writers can derive inspiration from each other, and how that unleashes a new area of creativity that most of them and most mature artists and writers have never experienced. captain curtis stahl , terrance sun , theo knights , and tyler perzik placed 2nd at the oregon council on world affairs world quest state competition at portland state university on february . nathaniel hamlett , chris park , and hunter ray also competed and finished in 10th place. it was catlin gabel's best showing to date, with only one point separating the 2nd place team from the 1st place finisher. congratulations to all terrance sun, valerie ding, lawrence sun, ben hutchings, and nick petty beat out other teams from oregon and washington to earn the 2nd place trophy in the bpa regional science bowl. the competition was fierce. we congratulate our scientists and the scientists from mountain view high school for their 1st place finish. dear catlin gabel community members, on behalf of the head of school search committee, and even as the search process is just getting under way, i am writing to the entire catlin gabel community to describe where we are and how we intend to proceed. i should say at the outset that the members of the committee are all honored and delighted to participate in this important process. of course, the responsibility is daunting. we have very large shoes to fill, and it will be a challenge for all of us. nonetheless, the committee is confident that we will find a terrific head of school who will build wonderfully on the many great accomplishments under lark s leadership. let me also say that you should not hesitate to contact me if you have any suggestions, concerns, questions or comments. this is an honest invitation. the committee is committed to a process that is open, inclusive and, to the greatest degree possible, transparent; and we frankly seek your advice and counsel. as the process unfolds, formal opportunities will exist for a great many members of the catlin gabel community teachers, staff, trustees, students, parents, alumni and friends to provide input. but in the meantime, and indeed throughout the search, you should feel free to share your thoughts; and certainly could include thoughts about who, in your opinion, might be a strong candidate for head of school. for convenience sake, the best way to communicate would be by email at email, or by phone 503-777- . i would be delighted to hear from you, and i can assure you that i will act as a faithful messenger to the search committee. i am extremely pleased to report that we have retained the services of bob fricker and his associate sherry coleman both representing the nationally prominent firm of carney, sandoe and associates to serve as our search consultants. the process of selecting a consultant was intensive and highly competitive, and we are thrilled to have the opportunity to work with bob and sherry. together, they bring to the search not only a wealth of experience and insight, but also a deep understanding of all things that make catlin gabel such a special place. as a first step, our consultants will work with the search committee to write a profile. this central document serves to introduce the school to prospective candidates, describes our goals and ambitions, and effectively functions as a job description. toward this end, bob and sherry will visit campus in early march for a whirlwind series of meetings with members of the catlin gabel community. details will be worked out shortly, but it is certain that all constituencies will be well represented, and we hope to have one or more open forums that will allow all lovers of catlin gabel to participate. from there, the process is apt to be relatively straightforward. the spring will largely be devoted to building the applicant pool. during the summer, our consultants, along with the search committee, will work to construct a short list of preferred candidates and, from there, a small set of semi-finalists for the search committee to interview face to face. on the basis of these interviews, and if all goes according to plan, we hope to have perhaps two or three finalists on campus for open, public interviews, possibly as early as mid-to late-september. we would like to be able to announce our new head of school sometime in october. of course, the most rigorous and well-conceived plan rarely unfolds exactly as anticipated. we are searching in a complex environment, and this may indeed require us to be flexible. as contingencies arise, we will endeavor to keep you posted. be assured, in any case, that we are strongly committed to finding just the right person for catlin gabel, and to do so in a way that is fully faithful to the spirit and tradition of the school. on behalf of the search committee, i can say that we very much look forward to working with the entire catlin gabel community. and again, i would be delighted to learn of any thoughts you might have regarding this very important project. peter steinberger, chair head of school search committee congratulations to the following upper school students who helped catlin gabel sweep the competition xander balwit, matt junn, fiona noonan, maya rait, and zoe schlanger earned gold key honors. matt junn won silver key honors for his entire portfolio and for individual pieces. other silver key honors were awarded to works by katie fournier, max luu, hayle meyerhoff, nadya okamoto, kristin qian, craig robbins, hannah rotwein, zoe schlanger, alexandra van alebeek. honorable mention recipients are violeta alvarez, anna dodson, adele english, kelsey hurst, matt junn, kallisti kenaley-lundberg, thomas newlands, fiona noonan, craig robbins, hannah rotwein, zoe schlanger, and alexandra van alebeek. next stop regionals, followed by the national competition. dear catlin gabel community member: i am writing with the heartbreaking news that manvel schauffler known to everyone as schauff , beloved headmaster of catlin gabel from to , has died. he was . along with the legions of students, faculty-staff, parents, and friends who adored schauff, i am ever grateful that i had the privilege of knowing him. when i least expected it, and sometimes when i most needed it, i would receive a letter from schauff cheering me on and letting me know he understood the challenges and joys of leading the school. his support and guidance have meant so much to me. i will always treasure my collection of schauff's letters, which are tied together with a blue ribbon in my top desk drawer. schauff began working at catlin gabel school then called catlin hillside in . in his years at catlin gabel he taught 8th grade u.s. history and social studies; coached basketball, track and field, and soccer; led ski trips and camping trips; directed plays; helped to run the famous catlin gabel rummage sale; taught countless students to make a wooden boat or light a coleman camp stove; and reminded young people over and over to leave a place cleaner than they found it, to shake hands with a firm grip, and to exercise their right to vote. he brought catlin gabel to national prominence with his work on the board of the national association of independent schools. schauff celebrated catlin gabel's progressive, creative, experiential approach in and out of the classroom. schauff's mark on catlin gabel included a de-emphasis on grades. drawing on his philosophy that students are at the center of education and their voices should be heard, he made the student body president an ex officio member of the board of trustees and brought each year's president to the nais annual conference. working with students, he established a dress code for the upper school "clothing shall be neat and clean and appropriate to the day and the task at hand" in , a time of great tension over what young people wore. everyone who knew schauff will remember these favorite expressions: "i'll take three volunteers - you, you, and you," "be sure to take care of each other," "never put a hot pancake on a cold plate," "lady with a baby," and "the sun always shines on the righteous." schauff circle, at the crossroads of our campus, was dedicated on , and serves as a reminder of schauff's ability to bring together people of all ages and all walks of life. schauff is survived by his wife, verna; his daughters, robin ' peter and deborah '; his son, allen ' cyndy ; and his grandchildren robin macartney 'and alex macartney '. mail cards to: sw esther ct portland, or the family asks that gifts in schauff's memory be designated to financial aid at catlin gabel, bush, hyla, or explorer west schools, or to any school or program that nurtures and supports young people in their middle school years. the family suggests some good ways to honor schauff: cook a pancake, chop some wood, ride a ferry, sail a boat, register to vote. head of school fourteen students and two teachers from gifu kita senior high school in japan are visiting catlin gabel from january to . catlin gabel and gifu kita have had a sister school relationship since . we value our shared history of hosting students in homestays and classrooms, and introducing each other to our respective cultures. we have learned so much from each other for a real treat, come to the upper school assembly on monday, january , from a.m. to p.m. our guests from japan always put on an amazing performance at this highlight event. more about gifu kita high school gifu kita senior high school is located in the north end of gifu city in gifu prefecture, japan. for more than years, gifu kita high school has prided itself on academic excellence and its ability to provide a wide range of extracurricular activities to its more than ,000 students. as one of the top-ranked schools in gifu prefecture, almost all of their students apply to go to university following graduation, with the vast majority attending private or national universities. gifu kita also offers a wide range of sports and cultural clubs. a number of these clubs have participated in national and tokai district competitions over the last few years. congratulations to the robosnails for their 1st place win in a tough competition against teams. the team members are 8th graders robin attey, matt maynard, grace wong, liam wynne, and sage yamamoto. they are coached by senior tucker gordon. the robosnails research project was designing a website and ios app to help senior citizens prepare nutritious meals and build community. team sigma came in 2nd with 8th grade members adolfo apolloni, ian hoyt, ryan selden, and 7th grader roy stracovsky. team sigma had an over-the-top research project with a working model of a walker that senses the user s location helps guide them. junior elyssa kiva is their coach for the second year in a row. our two rookie teams also competed at regionals. starstruck won the rising star award for the new team with the most promise. they are 6th graders sujala chittor, natalie dodson, and amber merrill. their research project featured a puppet show presentation of a device that changes light bulbs. senior martina dimitrov was their coach. sophomore rushdi abualhaija coached team delta with 6th graders avi gupta, tyler nguyen, quinn okabayashi, kian palmer, and spencer shoemaker. their research project was a working model of an internet-programmed medication dispenser. the state competition is on january . good luck to the robosnails and team sigma
__label__non_math	0.9981	the centerpiece of president bush s crimefighting program is an initiative called project safe neighborhoods. that initiative calls for the hiring of some 700 lawyers who will be dedicated to prosecuting firearm offenses, such as the unlawful possession of a gun by a drug user or a convicted felon. the basic idea is to divert firearm offenses from state court, where they would ordinarily be prosecuted, to federal court, where tougher prison sentences will be meted out. project safe neighborhoods will also provide funding to escalate gun prosecutions at the state level. praise for project safe neighborhoods comes from quarters as diverse as handgun control, inc. and the national rifle association. unfortunately, those disparate parties have united in support of a singularly bad idea. project safe neighborhoods is an affront to the constitutional principle of federalism. the initiative flouts the tenth amendment by relying on federal statutes that have no genuine constitutional basis. moreover, the program will very likely lead to overenforcement of gun laws and open the door to prosecutorial mischief affecting the racial composition of juries. as the constitutional and policy implications of project safe neighborhoods become more apparent, the bush initiative looks less like a commonsense solution to crime and more like a political gimmick with pernicious unintended consequences. if the respect for federalism he has repeatedly professed is sincere, president bush must reconsider his support for project safe neighborhoods.
__label__non_math	1.0000	community rock spring athletic association will hold baseball and softball sign ups every tuesday from -p.m. and saturday from a.m.-p.m. through feb. , at rock spring elementary school. for ages are -. community the lafayette-walker county public library will have their ready to read story time on tuesday, feb. , at a.m. this program prepares children for school with books, songs, games and activities. community two free eight-hour series of basic diabetes management classes are being offered by the walker county health department. the first series will be on tuesdays and thursdays, feb. and , from -p.m. at the chickamauga public library. the second series will be on fridays, feb. and , from a.m.-p.m. at the health department in lafayette. call 706-638- to register. community the first wash me pink color run to benefit susan g. komen will be held saturday, march . the 5k color run course begins at a.m. at redwine cove, in dalton. registration is from a.m.-a.m. color washers will douse participants with komen color at the color stations strategically placed throughout the course. parking passes cost at the venue, and are required for each car. visit washmepink.com. community lyerly united methodist church is selling cookbooks for plus .shipping and handling to lyerly united methodist church, p. o. box 152, lyerly, ga , and a church cookbook will be mailed to you. for more information, call jo ann mitchell at 706-895-. community entries in the annual dnr give wildlife a chance poster contest must be postmarked by wednesday, march . this year s theme is everyone can be a citizen scientist. the contest is open to kindergarten through fifth-grade students in public and private schools and homeschool groups. participants enter at the local school level with drawings that depict their observations of georgia s native nongame animals and plants. visit georgiawildlife.com postercontest or botgarden.uga.edu for more information. community an introduction to beekeeping class will be taught by randy rolen, journeyman beekeeper. to register, call continuing education at 706-295-, at georgia northwestern technical college. the class will be held at the gntc gordon county campus, highway spur, in calhoun, saturday, feb. , from a.m.-p.m. cost is . church a year-round parents day out program will be offered from a.m.-p.m. tuesdays, wednesdays and thursdays, at rock spring united methodist church, peavine road in rock spring. children ages months to years old may participate. bring your child to socialize and play in a christian environment. there is no registration fee. cost is a day per child for two or more siblings. call 706-764- for more information. community dalton science caf , informal get-togethers on all things science, is held from -p.m. the first tuesday of the month at the dalton freight depot. on tuesday, feb. , the program is aquatic life in northwest georgia. entertainment award-winning singer songwriter chinua pronounced shin-wa hawk will perform a free concert at dalton state college, tuesday, feb. , at p.m. in goodroe auditorium of gignilliat memorial hall. seating is first-come, first-served. community girl scouts have started taking orders for girl scout cookies. orders will be taken through feb. . cookie deliveries and booth sales are march - . for more information, visit girlscoutcsa.org or call -800-474-. community lafayette parks and recreation department will offer line dance lessons for beginners and advanced students mondays and tuesdays at the max stoker facility. learn the two-step, the cha cha, waltz, mumbo and salsa. no partner needed. for more information, contact vicky jones at 706-639-. community the tennessee small business development center will offer a series of quickbooks classes during the year at 100 cherokee boulevard, chattanooga. quickbooks set-up and for beginners classes will begin tuesday, feb. . quickbooks set-up is from a.m.-noon and quickbooks for beginners is from -p.m. the cost is for each class, and is due prior to the day of class. class size is limited to . to register call 423-756-. wednesday, feb. community seniors and friends of fort oglethorpe meet from a.m.-p.m. wednesdays, at constitution hall on forrest road in fort oglethorpe, for games, crafts, refreshments and blood pressure and blood sugar checks. for information or transportation, call peggy stanfield at 706-866-. community lafayette parks and recreation department will offer zumba classes wednesdays at the max stoker facility from -p.m. for more information, call gabriel dudley at 423-413-. community a metabolic and bariatric surgery seminar will be held from -p.m. wednesday, feb. , at erlanger baroness plaza surgery waiting room . area residents who are overweight and or with health problems related to obesity are invited to learn more about the bariatric and metabolic surgery center at erlanger. it is a free seminar and registration is required. call erlanger s healthlink at 423 778-link to register.visit erlanger s you tube channel at and click the weight loss program under playlist to watch first-hand accounts from those who have gone through the program. community ringling bros. and barnum bailey has partnered with local libraries to host reading with ringling brothers. all branches of the cherokee regional library system will be participating. children who read five books will be rewarded with a free ticket to the circus at philips arena in atlanta for feb. -. children must be aged -to participate. stop by your walker or dade county public library today to register for the program. community registration is open for the sixth annual berry half marathon, 10k, and 5k races to be run saturday, march , at berry college in rome. the berry half marathon raises funds for need-based scholarships to the local rome elementary and middle school. runners have given to soles4soles in past years, and organizers plan to continue to support this charity, as well as contribute for each pair of shoes donated to help offset the cost of mailing the shoes to needed destinations. there will be collection boxes set up at race registration march and . there will also continue to be a collection site for medals4mettle, a non-profit organization that facilitates the gifting of marathon, half marathon, and triathlon finishers medals to children and adults fighting debilitating diseases. to register for the berry half marathon and further information on registration fees, visit: berryhalfmarathon.com. community the veterans of all wars museum, at red belt road in chickamauga, will be closed through thursday, feb. , and will reopen friday, march . the museum has a collection of guns and other memorabilia on display. the museum was founded by robert h. honeycutt, a wwii veteran, pow, and survivor of the 800 mile german death march. call randy culbreth at 423-488- for more information. thursday, feb. community the walker county chamber s young professionals council adults age and younger will meet from -p.m. thursday, feb. , at the hideaway formerly rockamauga bar grille , fieldstone village drive, in rock spring. the walker county young professionals council aims to enhance the quality of life for the walker county community by connecting young, working people to the county civically, professionally and socially. bring your business cards, bring some friends and socialize with other young professionals from northwest georgia. this event is free to attend and non-members are also invited. entertainment swedish soprano stina ohman will perform in the berry college ford auditorium at p.m. thursday, feb. . this event is free and open to the public. ohman will be accompanied on the piano by jacksonville state university faculty pianist wendy faughn. community parkridge east hospital in east ridge, tenn., will offer a breastfeeding class per couple thursday, feb. , from p.m.-p.m. this class includes topics such as physiology of breastfeeding, advantages of breastfeeding, techniques for successful breastfeeding, common pitfalls and challenges, returning to work and pumping. mothers are strongly encouraged to bring a support person, but it is not required. this class is free with any labor of love lamaze class. for more information and to register for classes, call medline at 800-242- or visit parkridgeeasthospital.com. community cholestech lipid and glucose screenings will be offered from a.m.-noon thursday, feb. , at erlanger east gunbarrel road in chattanooga. a lipid panel will show hdl, ldl, total cholesterol, non-hdl, cholesterol ratio and triglycerides. a -hour fast is required to produce an accurate result. no eating or drinking coffee prior to the test, but please drink water the night before and morning of testing. reservations are required, no walk-ins will be taken. lipid plus glucose is . call erlanger s healthlink at 423 778-link for information. community man to man support group begins at p.m. thursday, feb. , at erlanger baroness. this support group is for spouses, friends and patients who have prostate cancer. for more information, call 423 855-. community a diabetes education class will be held from -p.m. thursday, feb. , at erlanger chattanooga lifestyle center. this class will explore ways to manage diabetes. call 778- for more information on physician referral and insurance reimbursement. community pilates - helps reduce stress and tension, restores natural balance, improves circulation, range of motion, strength and flexibility. certified instructor denise mcgaughey offers classes every monday mornings at a.m. and tuesday and thursday evenings at p.m. at boynton united methodist church. cost is per month or a flex-pass is available. for more information, go to boyntonumc.org or call 423-779-. boynton united methodist is located at boynton drive in ringgold, two miles west of i-, south of battlefield parkway at pine grove and boynton.
__label__non_math	0.9997	get your advertisement placed on two top ranking catskiing directory websites for the price of one ad secondary pages random display on page load : get noticed by your customers, this site is for skiers and boarders who ski and ride, cat ski and heli ski. coming soon will be a full analysis of who is visiting the site and viewing your ads. beat the rush and advertise early. ads can be purchased and integrated into the site by using the 'order now' links above. all files submitted must be in rgb colour mode, 72dpi, sized exactly as specified above and in jpeg .jpg file format only; no other files will be accepted. only one ad, per ad space year, is allowed, there will be no substitutions until the ad term expires. should you have any questions please contact us.
__label__non_math	1.0000	according to lafayette police department: priscilla ann oliver of ga. 193 was arrested oct. as she fled the residence where she stabbed a man that she had an estranged relationship with, according to police captain stacey meeks. the situation began as a verbal dispute over a dog and escalated to a physical confrontation at p.m. oliver got a steak knife from the kitchen and stabbed the man once in his back and once in the abdomen. after the stabbing she called 911, then fled the scene, a residence on glenn street in lafayette. oliver was arrested on west main street, only a short distance from the residence, because she drove off in a vehicle that had two flat tires, according to meeks. due to the condition of the car she was traveling at a low rate of speed. officers were able to catch up with her quickly, meeks said. the victim remains in stable condition at erlanger hospital in chattanooga. oliver has been charged with two felony counts of aggravated assault, plus possession of the knife while committing a crime. oliver also had an outstanding warrant that had been issued following an arrest for passing bad checks.
__label__non_math	1.0000	megan fox also the face of giorgio armani cosmetics armani decided to keep fox on for his beauty campaign because "she embodies the spirit of the women of today: free, confident and seductive. her beautiful features reveal femininity, sensuality and strength." newlywed fox has been photographed by craig mcdean for the ads which are expected to roll out this october. "mr. armani is an iconic visionary for all things fashion. i'm honored to be associated with him and part of this campaign," she said.
__label__math	0.6385	i comprise bad skin taking place my cheek furthermore almost my mouth. above along with beneath lips i snooze in the midst of my mug stuffed clothed in my pillow. may possibly this be real causing my acne? note: i solitary comprise bad skin taking place my cheek after that by means of my mouth, ... beneath is a pic of for myself in the same way as washing my face, my pelt is cheery becuz i merely vigor it positive as a result it doesnt contact my brow friction rotten dirt. i dont acquire it, im also as a result are my contacts except i boast headed for ensue ... in recent times i've got mild spots next it has not here two threatening a skin condition taking place my mug which makes me get wild plzzz give an opinion me taking place effectual domestic remedies with the intention of bottle decipher this problem. p.s: i heard with the intention of aloe vera coagulate before honey are ... immediately a contest i am having now together with a friend answer:smoking causes all bad. but yes, it causes acne idk a propos cellulite still i've recite a digit of self-same credible articles online with the intention of each and every one hint headed for milk causing acne; i am moreover immobile alcoholic drink a slice of milk, perhaps a gallon headed for a gallon as a consequence a partially for every week of milk. they articulate with ... my mom buys this launder with the intention of has a flower sort of smell, moreover i recite all the rage the backside plus it understood it had fragrance. i was wondering proviso launder bottle basis acne, because observably a number of gets taking place your face.answer:shampoo shouldn't basis a skin condition except conditioner clogs ... how to get rid of acne my child has tried countless goods counting positive moreover aloe vera set plus no one of them appear headed for comprise self-same a great deal look taking place him. is in attendance some additional route operational street headed for heal acne?answer:depends taking place the severeness of the acne proviso it is in fact ruthless bad skin ... how to get rid of acne i boast spots afterward i am now with a medicine with the intention of has benzoyl lighten popular it. is it o.k. proviso i manipulate salicylic acid representing a cleanser?answer:i had ruthless spots taking place my face. except at that moment i manipulate is clinical super serum furthermore the prepare presently improved. the greatest machine ... how to get rid of acne uhh i detest these grating a skin condition then blackheads is in attendance whatever thing optional with the intention of truly factory headed for progress exonerate of spots with blackheads representing good??answer:i get it is kinda pricey except the proactiv reall worksi treid everythingneutrogenaaveenoolayand it solitary ended it worseafter week of with the rudimentary ... how to get rid of acne my month older sad nose pit has a skin condition commencing her neck, back, legs next tail. they glare moreover current merely comparable cumbersome being pimples.answer:i would boast with the intention of checkered by means of your vet. it may possibly ensue miliary dermititis caused by means of an hypersensitivity headed for her victuals ...
__label__non_math	0.9933	virginia is for lovers lawmakers in the virginia house of delegates should approve employment-discrimination protections for lgbtq state workers the virginia senate friday voted -to approve a bill protecting gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender and queer state employees from workplace discrimination. four republicans and all the chamber s democrats voted in favor. the legislation now faces an uphill battle as it moves to the virginia house of delegates. lgbtq employees in virginia have looked to the general assembly for assistance before, but without success. past proposals protecting lgbtq employees have faltered after leaving the lower chamber. a bill prohibiting state agencies from discriminating against gays and lesbians in employment decisions, for example, passed the virginia senate in february . the legislation was the first of its kind in virginia. it stalled and died in the house of delegates a month later. in recent years the path to protections has been through virginia s executive branch, not the legislature. in december democratic governor mark warner amended an executive order to explicitly bar state agencies from discriminating against gays and lesbians in hiring and promotions. when warner issued his executive order he had less than a month in his gubernatorial term. but his successor tim kaine, also a democrat, followed suit by signing the same executive order on . it was one of his first acts as governor. current virginia gov. bob mcdonnell walked back legal protections in favor of de facto ones. in february days before the virginia senate approved its ill-fated bill protecting lgbtq state employees the republican governor signed an executive order prohibiting discrimination on the basis of multiple categories, including race, sex, color, national origin and religion. sexual orientation was not one of them. the next month attorney general ken cuccinelli penned letters to virginia s public colleges and universities telling them they lacked the legal authority to ban discrimination against gays and lesbians. feeling heat on the issue, mcdonnell issued an executive directive a formal request that lacks the weight of law warning state employers they would face reprimands for discriminating against gays and lesbians. custom may exert more power than law, but lgbtq state employees need codified workplace protections. cuccinelli may be our governor come november. given his dismal gay-rights record, words and good intentions are not enough. state employees require protections that carry legal force. custom can change, but law endures until amended. protections passed by the legislature would be difficult for cuccinelli or another executive to override. senate bill 701, the bill currently under consideration, does not do anything radically new. the legislation merely formalizes the antidiscrimination practices state agencies currently abide by when hiring, firing and promoting employees. if attitudes in state government with respect to lgbtq employees remain relatively tolerant, the bill simply enshrines current policies into virginia law. no harm done. but if attitudes toward lgbtq employees change wildly as they might under a cuccinelli administration the bill grants public workers necessary protections. the legislation ensures that current state employment practices cannot be discarded on a whim. twenty-one states and washington, d.c. have laws banning workplace discrimination related to sexual orientation. virginia should join the ranks. reasons for such laws are simple: employers, public or private, should want the most qualified workers they can find. and lgbtq workers want some legal assurance that they won t lose their jobs because of their orientation. indeed, such a bill might entice more qualified workers to the commonwealth. race, religion, sex, national origin, disability state law protects these categories and more from workplace discrimination. sexual orientation is the last major identity marker left unguarded. sen. adam ebbin, d-alexandria, who helped introduce the legislation that passed friday, is virginia s first openly gay state senator. though his bill may flounder when it enters the commonwealth s more conservative chamber, we nonetheless commend his efforts to shield virginia s more vulnerable employees. the house of delegates should move to codify nondiscrimination by voting yes on ebbin s bill.
__label__non_math	1.0000	i am told a wom,an in the waterford has been told a woman wants to rehome an ex breeding bitch ckcs and if she can't find a home she will pts. the woman is going to get her if she hasn't already been rehomed or pts and then she will come into rescue. i will need a foster spot for her until she can be placed -- i do not know if this is a dog that has lived in the house and is a pet or which has been more a puppy farm dog. either way this sounds like a little cavalier very much in need of a kind and caring home where she won't be viewed as a disposable puppy producer. i can get her in waterford or can place her for foster in the region so all offers of help would be valued. if this woman gets her she will need a place very urgently, as usual with rescues, so please pm me if you might be able to help.
__label__non_math	1.0000	this fall, cayuga community college community education and workforce development is offering a new course that is designed to prepare service members and veterans for college success. college bootcamp for veterans will address the cultural differences between military and college life, veteran benefits, and academic skills needed to be successful in college. new york state division of veterans affairs counselor and former u.s. army infantry soldier kevin justian will teach the course, which will provide an overview of all major federal veterans benefits: va healthcare, va educational benefits, compensation and pension benefits, and other federal resources available to help with the reintegration process. veterans have experienced a different environment and mindset in the military as compared to what they will encounter during academic work, justian said. there are social and psychological effects of military service; college is different from the formal military lifestyle and can be used to fill the social belonging void found when leaving the structured unit cohesions of the military unit. justian earned an associate s degree from cayuga community college and a bachelor s degree from syracuse university, with dual majors in philosophy and psychology. he is currently pursuing a master s degree in psychology. for the past years, he has served in his current role as a state veteran counselor. in may, justian began serving the cayuga community college and auburn community on fridays in room m-316 on the auburn campus. during his office hours, he helps student veterans and community-based veterans obtain benefits and navigate the difficult transition between military and civilian cultures. he assists with service-connected disability claims and facilitates medical treatment for symptoms of posttraumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury. he interfaces with the college veterans club, the veterans working group, and the veteran regional consortium, and hopes to network with ccc s admissions, financial aid, and registrar s offices, as well as faculty and senior leadership to help make ccc a veteran-friendly campus. i went to college after military service and understand the challenges a veteran experiences as an adult learner, justian said. the value of higher education is essential for success after military service in today s society. students can enroll in one of two sections of the nine-hour course to p.m. on thursdays from september through october ; or to p.m. on tuesdays from october through november . both sections will be held on the auburn campus. there is no fee to enroll. to register or obtain more information, visit or call 315-294-.
__label__non_math	0.9999	washington ap about two hours before the opening faceoff, alex ovechkin asked for more respect from the refs. his day went downhill from there. the two-time league mvp was directly responsible for three of the new york rangers' goals, including a pair after a rare sequence in which he was cited for two penalties within seconds of each other without a stoppage in play. derek stepan, brian boyle and ryan callahan took advantage of ovechkin's miscues sunday to lead the rangers to a -win over the washington capitals, new york's fifth win in six games. when we're parading to the box all the time,'' washington forward troy brouwer said, we don't have a hope.'' steve oleksy scored his first nhl goal for the capitals, who endured a rough weekend against teams named new york. washington lost -on the road against the islanders on saturday, a game in which mike ribeiro and jeff schultz each took double-minors in a span of less than four minutes in the third period, leading to two islanders goals. one of ribeiro's minors was for unsportsmanlike conduct, and ovechkin said before sunday's game that some refs don't like some personalities on our team'' and are too quick to call a penalty when they hear a complaint. you have to respect us,'' ovechkin said. we're emotional; we're in the game. when we say something bad to linesmen or bad to referees, we can't give them two minutes when they yell at me.'' it's worth noting, however, that the rare double-call against ovechkin a few hours later had nothing to do with yelling at an official. he tripped callahan, and then, with the call delayed while new york was pulling the goalie, he dragged down ryan mcdonagh from the side for a holding call. i know i trip him, the first one ... but i don't know where he finds the second one,'' ovechkin said. but it cost us the game.'' washington coach adam oates had a beef with the second call as well. they said that he held the guy seconds later, which obviously watching the tape, he didn't,'' oates said. regardless, referees dean morton and marc joannette both had arms raised because of ovechkin. as played continued, boyle scored his first goal of the season, beating goaltender braden holtby glove-side to make the score -before ovechkin's first penalty could be assessed. ovechkin then went to the box to serve the second infraction, and he watched the score become -just seconds later, when rick nash's one-timer from the right circle grazed callahan's right leg on the way to the net. the sequence led to the inevitable question: did the referees' calls against ovechkin have anything to do with his pregame comments. i mean, they're human beings, right?'' oates answered. ovechkin also whiffed on a neutral zone hit on stepan that allowed the rangers center to score in the first period. stepan kept skating, giving new york a numbers advantage, and he took the puck past the goal line and banked in his shot off the back of holtby's right skate. ovechkin said he tried to make the hit, but that stepan moved out of the way at the last second. asked if it was the correct play for ovechkin to make, oates said: no, it's not. we have tracking rules and i think he was going to hit him and he let him go, and because of that we got a little out of position.'' the capitals had a chance to make up ground when a pair of calls gave them a -on-power play for seconds late in the second period, but martin biron saves and the rangers held firm. brad richards added an insurance goal in the third period. boyle's goal was an important one for the rangers center. he was a healthy scratch in new york's previous game and has been trying to work his way out of coach john tortorella's doghouse. i tried to start a new season, basically,'' boyle said. i tried to put myself in position to do the things that i can do well. i tried to keep it simple.'' notes: tortorella on ovechkin's pair of penalties: that's the first time i've seen it. i was asking about the faceoff. shouldn't the faceoff be in the end zone, instead of at center ice? it should be. we've got to put a new rule in the rulebook.'' ... after the rangers' third goal, oates pulled holtby in favor of michal neuvirth, who hadn't played since feb. and had recently been sidelined with an illness. ... with neuvirth recovered, the capitals assigned goalie philipp grubauer to hershey of the ahl. ... washington d john erskine sat out after sustaining an upper body injury early in saturday's game, while c marcus johansson returned after missing games with a concussion. ... veteran d roman hamrlik, now playing for the rangers after being claimed off waivers from washington last week, was a healthy scratch. he's not in shape,'' tortorella said. he needs work.'' follow joseph white on twitter:
__label__non_math	0.9998	former chelsea defender paul elliott resigned saturday from leading roles with uefa and the english football association after making offensive comments toward another former player. elliot, a high-profile anti-racism campaigner, acknowledged sending a text message to former charlton defender richard rufus in which he used a "term which is widely known as being derogatory to my own community." both men are black. the fa said the "discriminatory abusive comments" made elliott's position untenable. as well as leaving the fa's judicial panel, elliot is relinquishing his position on uefa's football committee, and a key role with english football's anti-racism body, kick it out. "i am saddened by this turn of events and it is with regret that we accept paul's resignation," fa chairman david bernstein said. "however, the use of discriminatory language is unacceptable regardless of its context and in effect has made paul's position untenable." elliott said he regretted using the offensive comment in the mobile communication. "it is inappropriate and not part of my everyday vocabulary," elliott said in a statement released by kick it out. "as an advocate of high-standards of public behaviour, and integrity in public life, i know the use of this word sends out mixed messages and contradicts my position as a kick it out trustee. "i will continue to be active in other projects in what i believe to be a true and just cause." earlier this month, elliott became the first black footballer to receive the commander of the order of the british empire award at buckingham palace for services to equality and diversity in football.
__label__non_math	1.0000	twenty-two-year-old singer songwriter joy williams can t help but smile when she talks about her life as though it s just now beginning. and in many ways, it s true. it s been nearly five years since joy emerged onto the music scene with the release of her critically-acclaimed, self-titled debut album. just years old then, she was juggling the challenges of high school with the demanding schedule of a recording artist. by the time her sophomore effort, by surprise, released in , joy had logged more than 400 days on the road performing before crowds around the world. joy s engaging personality has always transcended her music and earned her legions of loyal fans across the globe. her industry accolades include five dove award nominations, including a nod for the prestigious female vocalist of the year honor for three consecutive years. her radio success includes the no. single every moment, and ccm magazine readers even voted joy the best new artist. on being an artist, joy admits, i realize this crazy life is a privilege and i know that not everybody gets to do this, especially at such a young age, and i m grateful for the chance. however, i was expected to grow up quickly and there were moments when i had to deal with my feelings over that. i was college-bound, wanting to go to that ivy league school and take the scholarship i d worked so hard for. but college was not in the blue prints for me, i had signed on to a different life instead. and i would have moments where i d find myself so jealous of friends at college who would talk about professors they loved or trips abroad they were taking. in the end, what has been so remarkable is the fact that this path i ve taken has included many life journeys i had hoped for. those journeys have included some pretty monumental moments in joy s life, not the least of which is her recent marriage to husband nate yetton in june of . some of the best and most memorable music happens when life and art come together, and it s no accident that joy s newest album, genesis, has taken more than two years to come to fruition. those two years brought maturity, experience and confidence to a performer who already owned a sense of insight and artistry shared by few. there have been some pretty solid jumps in terms of my life, joy shares. so much has changed since i started in his classic my utmost for his highest, oswald chambers poses the question, god s purpose, or mine? our focus, he suggests, should not be on the end goal, but on trusting god through the process. and it s that same truth that joy has learned and can share with her audience. i ve wriggled underneath god s thumb at times, she admits, but that s the creativity of life. as i ve learned to trust god and abandon myself to him, i ve realized that his hand has always been open and kind towards me. i m excited about the path i m getting to walk now. i have giggled at heaven over his obvious sense of humor with me. my blueprint plan didn t turn out the way i thought it would at all, but it s better than anything i d ever hoped for. genesis will undoubtedly create new opinions and deeper appreciation of joy s artistry from both critics and fans alike. produced by matt bronleewe natalie imbruglia, jars of clay, michael w. smith , it is the first album on which joy has co-written every song. there is also a dynamic feel to her music that is original and fresh. when asked how to explain the sound, joy says, the only way i can think to describe it is this: like london fog rolling into the california bay area. its progressive pop rock sound combines unique programmed elements, ambient electric and acoustic guitar, driving piano and even stringed instruments recorded in prague. working with matt was incredible, says joy. i ve never had more fun working on an album. we spent more time laughing than recording, i think and it shows. i think this album may cause people to blink twice, she adds. it s a real change for me, but i think and i hope there s a musical style here that evidences growth and draws people in. over the past couple of years, i really began to fall in love with various kinds of music, and tried for the first time to infuse this love of what i listened to into the kind of music i wanted to make. collaborating with co-writers like jason ingram, matthew west, ian eskelin, ben glover and jason houser, joy crafted a collection of songs that are more vulnerable and personal to her than any she s ever recorded, while remaining universally relevant. people who have made the most impact on me in my life are the people who lived out what they believed instead of just telling me about it. i have a passion to be like that, and wanted to make an album that reflected this desire. there are lyrics in these songs where you can hear me literally wrestling with god. there are moments where you can hear me falling in love with my husband and celebrating that. this album is a picture of life on a heart level. these songs are conversations i would have with some of my closest friends sitting in our living room or in a coffee shop. the whole album is the journey of self-discovery, wading through dark seasons, embracing times of questioning, reeling from love, and celebrating new beginnings. my fingerprints are all over this cd, joy admits. and what s crazy is that i really feel like this is a debut album. hide, the album s first radio single, is a powerful anthem and has already become an audience favorite, setting records for an unprecedented first-week number of adds on the christian ac format. in talking about the inspiration behind the hit song joy explains, nearly a year ago, i had a counselor friend of mine point out how much i hid my pain away. and there is no way any of us will be able to heal our cracked hearts by spackling them ourselves. we need god to do that. we need others around us to encourage us in the process. this song is really an invitation for anyone who s ever felt unlovable, disappointed, lonely to link arms with another broken soul like mine, and to realize that you re never alone. genesis showcases joy s natural ability to take some of those intimate life lessons learned and reach into the heart of each listener, who identifies her questions and her struggles with their own. that honesty hits home with tracks like silence, in which joy discusses the distance she felt from god when going through a spiritually dry season. god only knows is a song joy relates to the near-fatal incident that almost took the life of her only sister that shook her entire family. perhaps more than any album before, genesis is bound to connect joy to any audience no matter what their age, gender or faith. her keen ability to paint an honest picture of her own life with all its highs and lows will not be lost on those who hear the album. i m just trying to figure out life like everybody else is, says joy. connecting is what makes me feel alive knowing i m not the only one who has ever felt alone, or angry at god, or misunderstood, or insecure, or na ve, or whose made stupid mistakes. that s been me, in my journal it s in my life it s in the fabric of who i am. certainly the new beginnings and changes in joy s life have brought about a new outlook that demonstrates the maturity and growth of an artist who has consistently triumphed as a multi-talented singer, songwriter and performer, while allowing her faith to remain at the forefront of everything she does. if i can encourage somebody else, then that s what it comes down to, joy says. i just hope that god will allow me to connect with people well. because this is, in and of itself, just music. i know that music has touched my heart throughout my life. the chance to reach out to someone through my music is the chance of a lifetime and i hope this album will do that. cbn is here for you are you seeking answers in life? are you hurting? are you facing a difficult situation? a caring friend will be there to pray with you in your time of need.
__label__non_math	1.0000	britian's prime minister david cameron says his country cannot tolerate islamic extremism. in a speech on terrorism to the annual munich security conference saturday, cameron warned that britian's multiculturalism policy has created segregated communities where islamic extremism thrives. "we have even tolerated these segregated communities behaving in ways that run counter to our values," cameron said. "we have encouraged different cultures to live separate lives, apart from each other and the mainstream." britain has become one of europe's most active bases for terrorist plots. he said britain had found that many convicted terrorists had initially been influenced by so-called "nonviolent extremists" - people who aren't involved in encouraging plots, but denounce western politics and culture - before going on to carry out violence. cameron also reached out to the rest of europe, calling on countries to "wake up." he said that terrorism can't be defeated by simply taking outside actions, but that european countries need to pay attention to what's happening in their own borders. "if we are to defeat this threat, i believe it's time to turn the page on the failed policies of the past," cameron said. "instead of ignoring this extremist ideology, we - as governments and societies - have got to confront it, in all its forms."
__label__non_math	0.9999	on may , the house agriculture committee passed its farm bill. the bill would cut the supplemental nutrition assistance program snap, formerly known as the food stamp program by almost billion over the next decade, eliminating food assistance to nearly million low-income people, mostly working families with children and senior citizens. the bill s snap cuts would come on top of an across-the-board reduction in benefits that every snap recipient will experience starting . the supplemental nutrition assistance program s snap primary purpose is to increase the food purchasing power of eligible low-income households in order to improve their nutrition and alleviate hunger and malnutrition. the program s success in meeting this core goal has been well documented. less well understood is the fact that the program has become quite effective in supporting work and that its performance in this area has improved substantially in recent years. the supplemental nutrition assistance program snap, formerly known as the food stamp program is the nation s most important anti-hunger program. in , it helped almost million low-income americans to afford a nutritionally adequate diet in a typical month. nearly percent of snap participants are in families with children; more than one-quarter of participants are in households with seniors or people with disabilities. snap is the nation s most important anti-hunger program. this chartbook highlights some of the key characteristics of the almost million people using the program as well as trends and data on program administration and use. related: snap is effective and efficient snap, the nation s most important anti-hunger program, helps roughly million low-income americans to afford a nutritionally adequate diet. wic short for the special supplemental nutrition program for women, infants, and children provides nutritious foods, information on healthy eating, and health care referrals to about million low-income pregnant and postpartum women, infants, and children under five. the school lunch and school breakfast programs provide free and reduced-price meals that meet federal nutritional standards to over million school children from low-income families. - introduction to snap the center designs and promotes polices to make the food stamp program more adequate to help recipients afford an adequate diet, more accessible to eligible families and individuals, and easier for states to administer. we also help states design their own food stamp programs for persons ineligible for the federal program. our work on the wic program includes ensuring that sufficient federal funds are provided to serve all eligible applicants and on helping states contain wic costs. our work on child nutrition programs focuses on helping states and school districts implement recent changes in how they determine a child's eligibility for free or reduced-priced school meals. - view all by date
__label__non_math	0.9989	a gold card generally refers to a premium credit card which is usually gold in color. these premium credit cards offer the advantages of higher credit limits and extra services, such as purchase insurance and airplane mileage bonuses. to qualify for a gold card, you usually need an excellent credit history and must meet a minimum income requirement. before applying for a gold card, compare its interest rate and service fee with any card you presently own. while gold cards are often advertised as more prestigious, many have higher yearly fees and interest rates than regular cards. the best card for you should offer a competitive interest rate, services you find useful, and reasonable fees. for more information about gold cards, contact a financial institution or your present credit card company. crossroads mobile. . this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
__label__non_math	0.9984	information contained on this page is provided by companies via press release distributed through pr newswire, an independent third-party content provider. pr newswire, worldnow and this station make no warranties or representations in connection therewith. source hino trucks indianapolis, prnewswire -- during the ntea work truck show, hino trucks displayed their new class coe model 195 double cab. less than a year after introducing the cab-over model 195 into the market, the new double cab option for the model year will arrive at hino dealers june and is offered in both a diesel model 195dc and diesel-electric hybrid model 195h-dc. designed on a ,500 lb. gvw chassis to provide class-leading payload capability, the four-door, six person double cab is redefining driver comfort with its optional magnetic suspension seat in a cab designed to accommodate drivers up to '" tall. powered by hino's award winning -liter engine rated at 210 hp with 440 lbs ft of torque, it is mated with aisin's a465, -speed automatic transmission for efficient and reliable performance. hino trucks diesel-electric hybrid model 195h recently took home atd's medium duty commercial truck of the year award. "since the introduction of hino's model into the market last year, we have seen tremendous acceptance of our 6th generation hybrid system," said glenn ellis, vice president of marketing and dealer operations for hino trucks. "the coe 195 double cab is an exciting addition to hino's expanding product line and a perfect fit for a wide range of applications such as landscape, towing, moving, storage and construction. with a variety of cab options and chassis configurations, hino's cab-over is the practical choice for the urban operator and his team." the new hino 195 double cab also meets current epa2010 emission regulations by utilizing a selective catalytic reduction system. all hino cab-over models are offered with a -year hinowatch roadside assistance and year 175,000 mile engine and transmission warranty. about hino: hino trucks, a toyota group company, assembles, sells, and services the most environment friendly lineup of class -commercial trucks in the united states. in , hino introduced its class cab-over diesel-electric trucks making diesel-electric hybrids a viable option in the u.s. commercial truck industry for the first time. headquartered in novi, michigan, hino boasts a network of over 200 dealers nationwide committed to achieving excellence in customer service and support. hino trucks is the premier medium duty nameplate in the united states with a product lineup that offers the lowest total cost of ownership, superior fuel economy, unmatched reliability and maneuverability, and the most comprehensive bundle of standard features in the market. for more information, visit our internet home page at or follow us on facebook, twitter and youtube. pr newswire. .
__label__non_math	0.9996	dems question romney's readiness to be president cbs news as mitt romney's trip overseas has not been without perceived blunders, democrats took to the sunday morning television to question if he's prepared to be president and commander-in-chief. on cbs news' "face the nation," chair of the democratic party, rep. debbie wasserman schultz, d-fla., said mitt romney's diplomatic skills are a cause for concern. "i think he's demonstrated pretty repeatedly since he's been out of the country that he lacks the experience, he lacks the preparation, and the diplomatic skills to be able to be the commander-in-chief, to be able to be the president of the united states," wasserman schultz said sunday. wasserman schultz is referring to comments romney made during an interview with nbc news in london prior to the start of the olympics that he was concerned that the british might not be ready for the olympic games amid a possible security shortage and a possible labor strike. he also said, while in london, that he met with the british intelligence agency, m-. "mitt romney wondered aloud whether london was ready for the olympics, and i think it's clear that voters in this country wonder aloud whether mitt romney is ready for the world, and i think the world is not yet ready for mitt romney," president obama's senior campaign adviser robert gibbs said on abc news' "this week." mr. obama's two surrogates also seized on comments made by romney adviser dan senor sunday, who told reporters that romney backed an israeli unilateral strike against iran, a policy position that differs from current american foreign policy. romney softened the statement shortly after in an interview with cbs news' jan crawford, saying he "respect s the right of israel to defend itself." "i think he has left quite a bit of doubt about his level of preparation and readiness to the president," wasserman shultz added. from israel, romney heads to poland before returning to the united states. popular in politics - officials on benghazi: "we made mistakes, but without malice" 274 comments - ousted irs chief: "i did not mislead" the american people 252 comments - where is the benghazi cover-up republicans promised? 343 comments - why obama should worry that current scandals might impact 216 comments - fbi seeks anonymous source behind menendez allegations - first lady: "reject the slander" that educated blacks are "trying to act white" - immigration deal reached in house - house gop to vote on obamacare repeal - vol. 928 comments
__label__non_math	1.0000	"tanning mom" patricia krentcil speaks out after grand jury refuses to indict her cbs ap nutley, n.j. - "tanning mom" patricial krentcil said she felt vindicated tuesday after a grand jury decided not to indict her for allegedly letting her young daughter into a tanning booth, cbs new york reports. krentcil, , addressed reporters outside of her nutley, n.j. home tuesday night by yelling, "cha-ching and while she is satisfied with the outcome, krentcil said she is still hurt. "this turned into a biggest, ridiculous thing in the world," she said. "what this world did, this past year, made a mockery of me, and i don't appreciate that." she said her life has been "a living hell" and she plans to move to london for a year to decompress and pursue modeling jobs while her husband and kids stay in new jersey, according to cbs new york. krentcil became a tabloid sensation because of her own deep tan and professed love of tanning. she said tuesday she will continue to tan. "i like to tan," krentcil said. "i don't think that's a crime and i'm still going to tan, and i don't care what anyone has to say." asked what she learned from the whole episode, she replied, "people suck." - report: dogs removed from kidnap suspect castro's home - meeting jodi arias: first impressions never lie, or do they? - cops: hofstra student died in police-involved shooting - ariel castro's lawyer says he'll plead not guilty - arias jury hears of anguish from murder victim's family - berlusconi "bunga bunga" parties detailed at italian trial - 'kai the hatchet-wielding hitchhiker' arrested - -year-old charged with murdering two ohio brothers - hofstra univ. student, suspect killed in home invasion - creighton univ. professor, wife, found slain in omaha home - defense lawyer: jodi arias will speak "about who she is" - boy, , appears in court in sister's fatal stabbing - jodi arias trial: jury weighs "cruelty" factor - cops: n.m. mom chased her daughter's abductor for miles - jodi arias' lawyers tried to quit, judge wouldn't let them - cops: dna confirms remains those of ga. college freshman
__label__non_math	0.9981	- medical directors - board of directors - contact us - meet your sponsors - social work support services - jenna's corner online community - family family - loss, grief and bereavement program at the fifth annual omg cancer summit, will reiser was awarded the extreme cancer survivor award. reiser is the screenwriter for the movie . is loosely based on reiser s cancer experience as a young adult. during a question and answer session, reiser discussed the impact a cancer diagnosis had on him. he said after he finished treatment he thought to himself, i haven t changed . it took some time and his friends pointing changes out to him, before he realized he had changed. he said how could someone my age face death and not change? for many brain tumor survivors, finding the meaning may be more difficult. while they have faced a tumor that could impact every aspect of their being, the desire to not be seen as different often outweighs the desire to find the meaning in being a survivor . while many others talk to them about being an inspiration or being strong , they feel they just did what they had to in order to finish treatment. oftentimes they do not see the educational obstacles they overcame in order to earn a degree, but rather see how long it took them compared to others their age. they do not see the leadership and support they provide to others when they are willing to listen to each other or a newly diagnosed teen or other young adult. yes, facing your own mortality has to change teens and young adults. as professionals, parents, or peers we see the difference. i hope that each survivor can figure out how surviving a brain tumor fits into their life and can find a way to celebrate the many challenges they have overcome. let us know the how you are different.
__label__non_math	0.9986	why have ,850 californians adopted solar energy? the reasons for installing solar energy systems are as individual as each residential or commercial system, but the benefits each family or organization receives are common: reduced energy costs now, protection against future utility price hikes, and the knowledge that they are contributing to a healthier climate and economy. nearly ,000 of these solar pioneers have received an added benefit that only cooperative community energy corporation ccenergy can deliver unbiased advice. as the only renewable energy cooperative in california, ccenergy is literally owned by our customers ensuring that we provide maximum benefits through discounted equipment, expert design services, and installation project management. investing in a solar electric system for your home or business doesn't need to be an intimidating process. your solar electric system should be designed to meet your unique circumstance and goals. select an option below to learn if "going solar," with ccenergy, is right for you. what s better than a free site visit? getting paid for one if you re considering solar electric for your home or business and have a quote from another solar company, we ll pay you for the opportunity to bid on your project. discover what california s only solar company owned by its customers can do for you competitive bid must be a firm bid from a licensed solar company for the same site address, dated within days of the site visit with ccenergy. bid must be shown to a ccenergy field rep for verification and analysis. is paid at the time of visit .
__label__non_math	1.0000	massage tables massage equipment with massage equipment from cci beauty, your clients can be pampered in style and comfort. our line of massage tables, massage beds and other massage equipment offers you several color and functionality options to fit your specific salon. our massage tables come in burgundy and green or black and white. plus, we offer massage tables that are portable or stationary. our massage equipment and massage tables feature tilting face cradles, removable armrests and even a built-in face hole. combine form and function for the ultimate in massage tables and massage beds. do you need additional spa equipment like facial steamers, hot cabinets, towel warmers, trolleys and magnifying lamps? cci beauty has all the massage tables, beds and spa equipment you need to keep your spa running smoothly. at cci we constantly strive to efficiently supply our customers with the best in professional beauty and spa equipment. we accomplish this by offering competitive prices, recognized brands, promoting rapid, reliable delivery methods, and by providing you with a team of friendly customer service representatives. shop our collection of massage equipment and spa equipment today and save did you know if you create an account can receive discounts, first looks and exclusive offers for your salon? sign up today
__label__non_math	0.9998	news and events columbia college of missouri-hancock field to donate cell phones to troops deployed overseas columbia college of missouri-hancock field honored veterans day by making sure troops stationed overseas have a way to call home. the college, in conjunction with the nonprofit cell phones for soldiers donated 424 cell phones to soldiers. for every donated phone, cell phones for soldiers provides two and a half hours of free talk time to deployed troops. columbia college of missouri originally began educating service members at hancock air force base in . when the active duty base closed in , the campus moved to the air national guard base. in early , the college opened a new facility on the west side of the base, off townline road, which allows for unfettered access for both base personnel and civilians. columbia college of missouri-hancock field offers six associate, nine bachelor s and two master s degree programs in-seat; additional associate, bachelor s and master s degrees also are available online. founded in in columbia, mo., columbia college has been helping students advance their lives through higher education for more than 160 years. as a private, nonprofit, liberal arts and sciences institution, the college takes pride in its small classes, experienced faculty and quality educational programs. with more than campuses across the country, of which are on military installations, students may enroll in day, evening or online classes. the college is accredited by the higher learning commission and is a member of the north central association of colleges and schools. columbia college educates more than ,000 students each year and has more than ,000 alumni worldwide. for more information, visit
__label__non_math	1.0000	each person holds the power to make a positive impact on education in clark county. education ties to social and economic development, so do your part to build a strong community. join one of the efforts listed below - and watch us grow help a student to graduate through encouragement of his or her academic efforts and goals. volunteer, partner with schools, or share your education and career to experience through ccsd's school-community partnership program make a difference in the lives of students. supplies beyond the basics help to enrich learning experiences, and items can be donated directly to the schools through the support a school program. for just one hour per week for weeks, now through april, you can read with two students and support a skill that is fundamental in the classroom and beyond. an orientation is provided. teachers thrive with creative resources, and you can help in various ways through the teacher exchange whether volunteering regularly or occasionally and whether helping with general office work or specialized programs, you can strengthen our schools through the public education foundation. your voice counts. attend a meeting of the ccsd board of trustees, ask about serving on a board committee or participate in your trustee's parent meetings.
__label__non_math	0.9966	religion subject guide guides are designed to help students begin the research process, find reputable sources, and save time. the library catalog for books other materials to locate books and other materials in ccsf libraries, select the library catalog from the library's homepage. you will notice many ways to search, such as title, author, subject, subject keyword, examples of subject searches include: religion, religion and politics, religion and science, buddhism, islam, islam united states, prayer, aguaruna indians -- religion include books, sample tests, class notes, and other items that instructors put at the library for class use. the check out time is shorter than regular circulating books. to search for a book on reserve in the library catalog, select either reserves by course or reserves by instructor. when you have located the materials, write down the call number and title and present this to a staff person at the circulation desk. the library collection the library are shelved by call number according to the library of congress classification system. books are arranged on the shelves by subject. areas in the collection to find materials on religion include: call number range reference books provide background information and overviews on a given topic. relevant reference books for religion include: man, myth, and magic: the illustrated encyclopedia of mythology, religion, and the unknown. richard cavendish, editor in chief. washington, dc: american psychological association, . bf e52 vols. -rosenberg reference the oxford dictionary of world religions. john bowker, ed. new york: oxford university press, . bl 084 rosenberg reference atlas of the world s religions. ninian smart, ed. new york: oxford university press, . g .e4 a8 rosenberg reference. taking sides. clashing views on controversial issues in religion. daniel k. judd, ed. guilford, ct: mcgraw-hill, dushkin, c2003. h61 .t3577 rosenberg reference. the encyclopedia of american religious history. edward l. queen. new york, ny: facts on file, c1996. bl .q44, rosenberg reference encyclopedia of american religion and politics . paul a. djupe and laura r. olson. new york: facts on file, c2003. bl .d58 rosenberg reference. electronic reference sources from the ccsf ebooks collection for more information about ebooks go to: encyclopedia of religious rites, rituals, and festivals encyclopedia of new religious movements encyclopedia of women and religion in north america a popular dictionary of buddhism who's who in the old testament together with the apocrypha the quran : an encyclopedia databases group together journal, magazine, and newspaper articles by subject. they also usually provide abstracts brief summaries and the full text of the articles. do you need help identifying the differences between scholarly journal v. popular magazine articles? databases are part of the private, passworded web, so you will need to have a current ccsf id card with a barcode to access those that ccsf subscribes to. all current ccsf student id cards should already have a barcode. more information about obtaining a library bar code. infotrac is a brand name for several databases with coverage from to the present. most relevant for religion topics is infotrac s religion philosophy database which covers topics in the areas of both religion and philosophy. infotrac s expanded academic asap and onefile databases also have useful materials. these databases let you limit your results to articles only from scholarly journals by checking the box "refereed titles." literature resource center literature resource center has traditional reference works, critical information on authors and their works, and current journal articles. it is valuable for biographical information on authors of works relating to religion, and for critical information on both an individual work and an author s body of work cq provides lengthy research reports written by the editorial staff of the congressional quarterly co. there are many reports related to religion. some examples are religion in america, evolution versus creationism, prayer and healing, and religious persecution. there are also reports on related moral or ethical issues such as issues of reproductive ethics, teaching values, assisted suicide, designer humans, and the ethics of war. ethnic newswatch is comprised of newspapers, magazines and journals of the ethnic, minority and native press in america. search here for ethnic aspects of topics related to religion. below are some examples of academic scholarly web sites on religion. if you use a search engine, such as google, remember to evaluate the quality of the results. web resources for general reference virtual religion index an extensive and well organized index of web resources with useful annotations that speed the targeting and process of research. from rutgers university. voice of the shuttle religious studies page links to resources including general studies, specific religions christianity, judaism, islam, buddhism, sikkism, etc. , nonreligious views atheism, agnosticism , issues of law and religion, society and religion, and religious studies courses and departments. from the university of california, santa barbara. encyclopedia of religion and society full text online of the encyclopedia, with table of contents, covering the spectrum of religions. the encyclopedia of religion and society is from the hartford institute for religious research, and its editorial board is comprised of a number of respected sociologists of religion. the internet sacred text archive a freely available archive of electronic texts about religion, mythology, legends and folklore, and occult and esoteric topics particular focus is on believers defined very broadly sacred texts, including both primary and secondary materials. content evaluation guidelines advice from the medical library association webpages: techniques to apply and questions to ask a uc berkeley - teaching library internet workshops analyzing information sources developed by olin-kroch-uris libraries at cornell university. and citing source a quick and easy check list to use when determining the quality of web documents. prepared by librarians at ccsf. help you may contact the reference desk by phone at 415 452- or stop by the east and west reference desks at the rosenberg and citing information sources electronic reference service to ccsf students, faculty, staff and registered community users. use this service when you are not in a ccsf library. and web research workshops fifty minute workshops are given throughout the semester on effective methods in searching for books, articles and information on the several useful sources for evaluating the quality of web pages, how to prepare citations for a "bibliography" or "works cited" list, and how to avoid plagiarism. online writing lab one of the most thorough and easy to navigate writing labs avaialble research and writing hosted by the internet public process csu colorado state university developed these guides which "focus on a range of composing processes as well as issues related to the situations in which writers find themselves." comments or suggestions to: last updated
__label__non_math	0.9997	review summary: want to want to is a totally one-man project, being written, performed, produced, engineered, and recorded by adrian heath in his home studio. heath has handled the project with precision. the album is well-balanced, allowing the instrumentation to underscore the feel and meaning of his lyrics and his voice, which carries the work well. english-born, newly transplanted australian singer songwriter adrian heath has launched a fine solo album, want to want to. the nine-song album is totally self-produced. all songs are written, engineered, and produced by heath in his home studio. he also plays all of the instruments, except drums and percussion for which jon howell does most of the duties. there are a guest musicians and backup singers. through it all is heath's pure rock pop vocals and his lyrics. it is an ambitious undertaking, but heath has handled the project with precision. this is no overproduced or under-produced cd. it is well-balanced, allowing the instrumentation just to underscore the feel and meaning of his lyrics and his voice, which carries the work well. the initial track, old guitar, sets the mood for the rest of the album. the bouncy but laid-back feel of this love song is enhanced by kyrie miskin's trombone, which adds more whimsy. this is characteristic of heath's willingness to craft instrumentation on a track that enhances a song, rather than gets in the songwriter's way. that isn't necessarily a quality most songwriters have who produce their own work. too often the lyrics are muddied by every bell and whistle in their musical toy box. that kind of editing is most notable in the thoughtful sail on that follows. it has crisp acoustic guitar fingerwork, well-placed drum beats used sparingly, a droning harmonica, and heath's own voice overdubbed as backup. heath works his magic again on live life, a song that encourages living in the moment, making the most of our time here. it is a pensive tune that is brightened by the backup vocals of heath's -year-old daughter, india, and eventually turns into an anthem of hope. its placement, as is old guitar as the first cut is well thought out. track is usually the place most producers put their title cut here heath moves it to the fourth slot. and this serves this song well, revealing that heath is less about ego and more about what he is trying to achieve with this album. the title cut, want to want to david helfgott's smile boasts a theremin in the background. that's an instrument i haven't heard since my son's band zen mothers recorded and toured with one or i watched an on sci-fi b movie. it isn't overwhelming, just a touch of this otherworldly sound, that doesn't detract from heath's instrumentation and his lyrical allusion's to pianist david helfgott and the challenges of truth in this upbeat tune. whirlpool, which may be the most atmospheric of the lot, is a jazz-based track with pete timmerman's brush and stick work on drums, dave blennerhassett's moody bass, and richard jansson's touch of flute that complement heath's guitars, his dual vocals, and his trumpet. sun don't shine, though similarly thoughtful, boasts some lovely guitar fingerwork that, once again, just supports the lyrics and makes the track sparkle. then heath turns to the mystically in marian, a song about an encounter with a south asian seer in thailand. his treatment of overdubbed vocals and other vocal enhancements have created a sound drama on this track that allows the listener to grasp who says what plus it adds another texture to the piece. this song is an echo back to heath's years of traveling the world, even playing at the dali lama's summer palace in lhasa, tibet. but half light is more of a standard singer songwriter arrangement, but with health's special touch. jon howell's drums lay the foundation for this song as heath layers tastes of martin hailey's electric guitar and kyrie miskin's trombone with his own harmonica work and vocals. he also adds the lovely voice of gemma deacon, blending well with his own. want to want to concludes with like a storm that is a naked cut with just heath's voice and guitar, allowing his simple words to carry a deeper spiritual message. there is the hint of something like a synthesizer or a violin underneath the track in places that just adds fullness. neither instrument is listed on the liner notes, but since heath began on piano as a child, it wouldn't surprise me to find he'd added synth to the mix. want to want to is an exceptionally fine debut solo cd for adrian heath. the instrumentation and production is superb, but what makes this album so special is heath's lyrical voice and his songs. the lyrics are solidly written, but allow enough poetry to seep in to make them ripe with deeper meanings. i look forward to much more from adrian heath. reviewed by janie franz
__label__non_math	0.9999	every town across america in the 's and early 's had its own unique local hard rock heavy metal scene, and nashville was no exception. and during those years, there was one mainstay that ruled the nashville hard rock scene, regardless of the countless name changes, formations and deformations, and revolving doors. the core of that mainstay was the simmonz brothers: mike, paul, and jamie. now to tell you the story of the simmonz brothers would be a book in and of itself, so we will merely touch on the genius of the simmonz brothers and a few of their band mates in the next few paragraphs. with numerous band names like speed limit, aura, dreamer, ezekiel steel, mad habit, dorcha, passion temple, assasin, assault, the rock, the stand, and on and on and on...the simmonz brothers are definitely some of those rare musicians that make you sit back and scratch your head and say why are these guys not headlining arenas? many incarnations of nashville hard rock bands have seen a simmonz throughout the 's and 's. while the laundry list is long, many notable members have graced a band with a simmonz brother. there was dreamer, who would feature kenny earl who would later be known as rhino in manowar and bobby lee morgan also signed to fna records . there was assasin who had drummer jim phipps punding the skins. jim would later go on to be the drummer in every mother's nightmare. simmonz at one time or another also featured mike easlo, who would eventually play with a band called lust, that gave ron keel his start. another version of simmonz, known as the rock and then the stand now released on fna records featured gus palas gvpiii . at one point, the brothers teamed up with paul ebersold who wrote kryptonite by three doors down . they recorded with legendary hard rock producer michale wagener dokken . simmonz has opened for damn yankees, bad company, sebastian bach, black label society, blue oyster cult. while headline tours and front-page fame may have alluded the brothers, they have not sat by idlely. in recent years, you could witness paulie playing with great artists like the legendary shackshakers, reverend horton heat, petra, and black oak arkansas, and mike with nashville's big rock show featuring mebers of winger, hair of the dog, and skid row. this barely sums up all that the brothers have accomplished, but gives you the reader an idea of what has transpired over the last or so years; and we at fna felt that it would be a travesty to just let this music sit on the shelf and collect dust. so we have decided to release a good chunk of their music and let the world see and hear some of nashville's finest hard rock
__label__non_math	0.9999	february is national teen dating violence awareness prevention month did you know that in a recent national survey, in teens reported being hit or physically hurt on purpose by a boyfriend or girlfriend at least once in the months prior to the survey? and nearly half of all teens in relationships say they know friends who have been verbally abused. before violence starts, a teen may experience controlling behavior and demands. one partner may tell another what to wear and who to hang out with. over time, the unhealthy behavior may become violent. that's why adults need to talk to teens now about the importance of developing healthy, respectful relationships. dating violence can have a negative effect on health throughout life. victims of teen dating violence are more likely to do poorly in school, and report binge drinking, suicide attempts, physical fighting, and current sexual activity. teens who perpetrate dating violence may also carry these patterns of violence into future relationships. cdc's division of violence prevention is leading the initiative, dating matters : strategies to promote healthy teen relationships. dating matters aims to promote respectful, nonviolent dating relationships among youth in high-risk, urban communities. the comprehensive approach will build upon current evidence-based practice and experience to reduce the burden of teen dating violence in these communities. the initiative will support communities as they implement prevention strategies in schools, with families, and in neighborhoods. over the next five years, dating matters will be implemented in middle schools and neighborhoods across chicago, illinois, baltimore, maryland, ft. lauderdale, florida, and oakland, california. for more information about each of these communities, view the dating matters grantee profiles. learn more about cdc's efforts to prevent dating violence: get email updates to receive email updates about this page, enter your email address: - centers for disease control and prevention atlanta, ga tty: 888 232- - contact cdc-info
__label__non_math	0.9999	porter novelli healthstyles survey telenovela viewers and health information apha executive summary, analysis of the porter novelli healthstyles database was conducted by the centers for disease control and prevention cdc and hollywood, health society at the usc annenberg norman lear center. the dataset consists of responses from items that were included in the national healthstyles survey to describe the characteristics of telenovela spanish-language soap opera viewers, impact of health content in telenovelas, and top sources for health information among telenovela viewers. the porter novelli healthstyles survey is one of a pair of linked postal mail surveys sent to a sample which is drawn to be nationally representative on seven u.s. census bureau demographic characteristics. the first survey is a consumer survey in which data on general media habits, product use, interests, and lifestyle are collected. the second survey, healthstyles, is administered to respondents to the first survey in which data on health attitudes, behaviors, conditions, and information seeking are collected. healthstyles is a proprietary database product developed by porter novelli, a social marketing and public relations firm. the survey was conducted in july and august of with ,397 respondents, 466 of which were hispanic race ethnicity. since this is an english-language mail survey, the sample drawn for telenovela viewers represents only a portion of the u.s. telenovela viewing audience. the data summarized here provide initial evidence to suggest potential impact of health content on the much larger audience of spanish-language viewers to be surveyed in the next stage of research. five percent of all respondents are telenovela viewers, i.e. viewers who watch telenovelas at least a few times a month of hispanics, of blacks, and of whites . - hispanic, lower income, lower educated, and younger age groups report more often learning something new about a health topic, taking action, making a health care choice, and providing health information to friends, family, or others after hearing about a health topic on a telenovela. - forty-two percent of respondents rate spanish-language tv as a top source of learning about health, behind tv news news magazine shows and health care providers . - prime time tv entertainment shows are cited as a top source of learning about health by one in three telenovela viewers. two percent of all respondents report they are regular viewers, i.e. they watch telenovelas at least two times a week. - nearly nine out of ten report knowing other friends or acquaintances who are also regular viewers of telenovelas. - prime time tv entertainment shows are cited as a top source of learning about health by one out of four regular telenovela viewers. the healthstyles survey indicates that of the hispanics who responded to this english-language survey are telenovela viewers. since telenovelas are broadcast in spanish, viewing frequency and impact are projected to be substantially higher among spanish-language dominant households viewers. all hispanics represent . of the u.s. population or million individuals u.s. census . by the year , there will be million hispanics comprising of the u.s. population. over the past years, hispanic-american tv households have grown by compared with growth of spanish-dominant tv households from .million to .million. since hispanics experience a disproportionate burden of preventable disease, death, and disability compared to non-minorities, and may have limited access to health care, spanish-language telenovelas can serve a critical health education service when they provide accurate, timely information about health issues. in addition, the daily format of telenovelas allows audiences to identify with characters since they see them so frequently and may relate to their situations. research has demonstrated that this type of identification can enhance learning and prevention when viewers model desirable behavior and avoid undesirable behavior. when even a small percentage of viewers take action as the result of a tv storyline to protect or improve their own health or the health of someone they know, millions of people and their families can benefit. if a show fails to convey accurate information or shows risky behavior without the associated health consequences, viewers may suffer negative effects as well. writers and producers of telenovelas may want to consider: - topics and diseases that are most prevalent among u.s. hispanics e.g. diabetes, homicide, hiv, prenatal care, breast cervical cancer, vaccines for children . - prevention information delivered or modeled by credible characters e.g. checking the smoke alarm, using a seat belt, taking a daily vitamin, getting regular medical check-ups, getting a flu vaccine, exercising . - storylines that explore the impact of disease, injury, and disability on people s lives, and how they can find help within the health care system or their local communities. - characters with negative beliefs and poor health practices suffering the consequences e.g. a smoker who is diagnosed with lung cancer or an inactive adult who finds he has diabetes . - challenges and struggles characters face in making changes and the positive outcomes that result when they choose more positive beliefs and practices e.g. the smoker who quits and stops coughing or the teen who is overweight but starts to become physically active . - storylines with characters who have health limitations or impairment but practice healthy behaviors that contribute to their quality of life e.g. an hiv-positive person who gets regular check-ups and takes his medication with care . summary of findings sample size: ,397 respondents frequency of spanish language telenovela viewing by audiences five percent of all respondents are telenovela viewers who watch telenovelas like amigas y rivales, la intrusa, el derrecho de nacer, pedro el escamoso, or coraz n salvaje at least a few times a month of hispanics, of blacks, and of whites . thirty-nine percent of all telenovela viewers of all respondents are regular viewers who watch two or more times a week. among all telenovela viewers, are hispanic, black, and white. higher income and higher education groups are less represented, as are older and younger age groups. regular telenovela viewing is reported by: - are hispanic, are black, and are white - have high school or less education and have less than k income - nearly nine out of ten regular viewers report they know at least some spanish-speaking acquaintances who also view telenovelas or dramas at least twice a week telenovelas as a source fore learning about health about six out of ten regular viewers and of all viewers indicated they learned something new about a health topic from a telenovela storyline. nearly half of hispanics who viewed a few times a month indicated they learned something new about a health topic from a telenovela storyline. sources for health information about four out of ten of regular telenovela viewers report spanish-language television is a top three source of learning about health, with nearly half reporting tv news news magazine shows and reporting health care providers. one-third of regular viewers report prime time tv shows as a top three source about the same as those who report friends family and more than those who report newspapers . impact of health topics in telenovelas: actions taken more than eight out of ten regular viewers and three-quarters of all viewers heard something about a health issue or disease in a telenovela within the past year. nearly half of regular viewers and of all viewers took one or more actions as a result. among all viewers, of hispanics took one or more actions. make a health care choice four out of ten regular viewers and of all viewers report that a telenovela storyline helped them make a health care choice. more than one-third of hispanics who viewed a few times a month, report that a telenovela storyline helped them make a health care choice. provide important health information to their friends family more than half of regular viewers and of all viewers report that a telenovela storyline helped them provide important health information to their friends, family, or others. nearly half of hispanics who viewed a few times a month report that a telenovela storyline helped them provide important health information to their friends, family, or others. get email updates to receive email updates about the gateway, enter your email address: - centers for disease control and prevention atlanta, ga tty: 888 232- - contact cdc-info
__label__non_math	1.0000	ncezid: our work, our stories improving public health preparedness infectious diseases can be found everywhere, and ncezid is engaged in preventing, tracking, detecting, and responding to outbreaks of infectious diseases throughout the united states and the world. selected information and ncezid activities are highlighted in this report. the links below reference sections of ncezid: our work, our stories with information about improving public health preparedness.
__label__non_math	0.9973	cdc's office on disability and health focuses on the prevention of secondary conditions and health promotion among persons with disabilities. emphasis is on scientific support for surveillance of disabilities, cost-effectiveness of prevention strategies focused on secondary conditions and health promotion activities, and identifying risk and protective factors for secondary conditions. this is implemented through providing funds to states for public health activities addressing the needs of persons with disabilities. the program emphasizes secondary conditions which cross diagnostic categories, and focus on broader disability areas. this is a relatively new approach to prevention programs for cdc, which historically focused on the primary prevention of disabling conditions. the program is focusing on activities that will enhance the ability to measure performance in this new area. this performance measure reflects a first step toward building a data collection system that will enable cdc to monitor trends related to health and quality of life among people with disabilities. performance goals and measures performance goal: by , a national network will exist that will provide all states with better access to data on disabilities for their use in analyzing the needs of people with disabling conditions. currently, there is not a data collection system in place that could be used to measure outcomes that focus on actual improvements in the quality of life of people with disabling conditions. as a result, the performance measure that has been selected for this program involves the nationwide implementation of a data collection system by the year . we believe that, although challenging, nationwide implementation of the brfss' disability module by is feasible. however, this represents a change in direction for cdc's disabilities program, which previously focused on preventing primary disabilities. as part of on-going strategic planning efforts, the program has refocused its efforts on promoting health and improving quality of life among people with disabilities. is the first year that cdc has funded states to address these issues. as a result, the program is focusing on activities that will enhance the ability to measure performance in this new area. tracking of the implementation of this data collection system will be accomplished through a requirement that all cdc state grantees report on whether they are utilizing the module. the cost of this data collection effort will be minimal. verification validation of performance measures: this performance measure will be verified by reviews of the reports required by cooperative agreement recipients. links to dhhs strategic plan this objective is closely linked to dhhs goal : improve public health systems.
__label__non_math	0.9965	multistate outbreak of human salmonella chester infections final update this outbreak appears to be over. however, salmonella is an important cause of human illness in the united states. more information about salmonella, and steps people can take to reduce their risk of infection, can be found on the cdc salmonella web page. persons infected with the outbreak strain of salmonella chester, united states, by state infections with the outbreak strain of salmonella chester, by week of illness onset cdc collaborated with public health officials in many states, the u.s. department of agriculture's food safety and inspection service usda fsis , and the u.s. food and drug administration fda to investigate a multistate outbreak of salmonella serotype chester infections. investigators used dna analysis of salmonella bacteria obtained through diagnostic testing to identify cases of illness that were part of this outbreak. as of edt on , a total of individuals infected with a matching strain of salmonella chester have been reported from states since . the number of ill people identified in each state with this strain is as follows: ak , ca , co , ga , il , ky , ma , mn , mo , nc , ok , or , sc , tn , tx , ut , va , and wa . among those for whom information is available about when symptoms started, illnesses began between and . case-patients ranged in age from to years old, and the median age was years. fifty-four percent of patients were female. among the patients with available hospitalization information, were hospitalized. no deaths were reported. the outbreak can be visually described with a chart showing the number of people who became ill each day. this chart is called an epidemic curve or epi curve. for more details, please see the salmonella outbreak investigations: timeline for reporting cases. investigation of the outbreak a widely distributed contaminated food product might cause illnesses across the united states. the identity of the contaminated product often is not readily apparent. in outbreaks like this one, identification of the contaminated product requires conducting detailed standardized interviews with persons who were ill. it may also require conducting interviews with non-ill members of the public "controls" to get information about foods recently eaten and other exposures to compare with information from the ill persons. the investigation is often supplemented by laboratory testing of suspected products. collaborative investigative efforts of officials in many local, state, and federal public health, agriculture, and regulatory agencies linked this outbreak to marie callender s cheesy chicken rice single-serve frozen entr es. during june -, , cdc and public health officials in multiple states conducted an epidemiologic study by comparing foods eaten by ill and well persons. analysis of this study suggested that eating a marie callender's frozen meal was a source of illness. ill persons were significantly more likely than well persons to report eating a frozen meal. all ill persons who ate frozen meals reported eating a marie callender's frozen meal. none of the well persons who ate a frozen meal reported eating a marie callender's frozen meal. there was insufficient data from this study to implicate a specific frozen meal type. however, many of the ill persons reported eating a marie callender's cheesy chicken rice frozen entr e in the week before becoming ill. additionally, two unopened packages of marie callender s cheesy chicken rice single-serve frozen entr es collected from two patients homes one collected in minnesota on june , and one in tennessee on july yielded salmonella chester isolates with a genetic fingerprint indistinguishable from the outbreak pattern. on , conagra foods announced a precautionary recall of marie callender's cheesy chicken rice single-serve frozen entr es after being informed by the cdc of a possible association between this product and the outbreak of salmonella chester infections. on , usda's fsis announced conagra's recall. view recalled food package pdf - pages posted by fsis. clinical features signs and symptoms most people infected with salmonella develop diarrhea, fever, and abdominal cramps hours after infection. infection is usually diagnosed by culture of a stool sample. the illness usually lasts to days. although most people recover without treatment, severe infections can occur. infants, elderly people, and those with weakened immune systems are more likely than others to develop severe illness. when severe infection occurs, salmonella may spread from the intestines to the bloodstream and then to other body sites and can cause death unless the person is treated promptly with antibiotics. more general information about salmonella can be found here under salmonella faqs. advice to consumers - salmonella is sometimes present in raw foods e.g., chicken, produce, and spices which can be used as ingredients in not-ready-to-eat frozen dinners. - consumers should follow the instructions on the package label of the frozen dinner. conventional ovens are better at cooking foods thoroughly. microwave ovens vary in strength and tend to cook foods unevenly. - if you choose to cook the frozen dinner using a microwave, be sure to: - cook the food for the time specified for your microwave's wattage. - let the food "stand" for the stated time, so cooking can continue. - use a food thermometer to make sure that it is fully cooked to an internal temperature of 165 degrees fahrenheit. - individuals who think they might have become ill from eating a marie callender's frozen dinner should consult their health care providers. - consumers who have marie callender's cheesy chicken rice single-serve frozen entr es in their freezer should discard them or return them to their retailer for a refund. - consumers are urged to read and follow the preparation instructions on the label of all frozen entrees. if the package says do not microwave, consumers should follow that instruction and use a conventional oven. consumers should use a food thermometer to make sure the entrees reach at least 165 degrees fahrenheit. - general information: salmonella - description of the steps in a foodborne outbreak investigation - cdc's role during a multi-state foodborne outbreak investigation - two minnesota cases of salmonella infection linked to national recall of frozen meals - cooking safely in the microwave oven cdc's role in food safety as an agency within the u.s. department of health and human services hhs , cdc leads federal efforts to gather data on foodborne illnesses, investigate foodborne illnesses and outbreaks, and monitor the effectiveness of prevention and control efforts. cdc is not a food safety regulatory agency but works closely with the food safety regulatory agencies, in particular with hhs's u.s. food and drug administration fda and the food safety and inspection service within the u.s. department of agriculture usda . cdc also plays a key role in building state and local health department epidemiology, laboratory, and environmental health capacity to support foodborne disease surveillance and outbreak response. notably, cdc data can be used to help document the effectiveness of regulatory interventions.
__label__non_math	0.9968	thinking about what to get your chivas usa-loving family member for the holidays? then consider this: how about a game-worn dan kennedy or juan agudelo autographed jersey or a team autographed chivas usa pink training shirt? to top it off, it s all for a good cause but hurry, auction ends thursday, november at p.m. pt. what are you waiting for? start bidding
__label__non_math	0.9996	whitney elizabeth lusby and tyler patrick wilemon were married , at the first presbyterian church in aberdeen. the bride is the daughter of mr. and mrs. david floyd lusby. she is the granddaughter of the late mr. and mrs. claude edwin tharp sr., and mr. and mrs. floyd lusby, all of aberdeen. the bride was escorted by her father and given in marriage by her parents. she wore a designer gown of caf french tulle over satin, featuring a strapless bodice and modified mermaid skirt trimmed with exclusive vintage lace accented with swarovski beading, and a chapel length train. she wore a finger tip veil. her jewelry was from her two grandmothers. her bouquet was of hand-tied mixed orange roses. courtney lusby hill, sister of the bride, of aberdeen, served a matron of honor. she wore a chocolate brown gown that featured a halter neckline. she carried a hand-tied mixed bouquet of sunflowers, red-seeded eucalyptus and berries. mary lindley tharp of jackson served as flower girl. she wore a tangerine shantung gown tied with a chocolate brown sash. the groom is the son of mr. and mrs. bob ludwig of amory, and mr. and mrs. billy wilemon jr. of starkville. he is the grandson of mrs. grace easter and the late junior easter, and mr. and mrs. bill wilemon sr., all of aberdeen. billy wilemon jr., father of the groom, served as best man. mike wilemon, brother of the groom, of bainbridge, ga.; brent wilemon, brother of the groom, of aberdeen; and shawn hill of aberdeen served as attendants. cooper hill, nephew of the bride, served as ringbearer. after a trip to key west and the bahamas, the couple resides in tupelo, where the bride is a psychometrist with the mississippi department of rehabilitation services and the groom is a territory manager for pennington seed. . contractor killed at cafb construction work site columbus lowndes county . turner says judgments don't tell whole story columbus lowndes county . cmsd workers forced to return pay columbus lowndes county . indicted teacher still drawing paycheck columbus lowndes county . wright: board vote may be a misappropriation of funds columbus lowndes county
__label__non_math	0.9945	cd-rom drive contract manufacturers, already beset with slim profit margins, are bracing for further price cuts amid price drops in key components. price quotes per unit, which had hovered between us23 for much of the past year, have dropped to a surprising low of under us , some manufacturers reported. prices of key cd-rom drive parts pick-up heads, chipsets and mecha loaders have long been declining, but the changes were small, keeping component costs stable for cd-rom drive makers. with contract prices ranging from us23, taiwan s manufacturers usually fetched a razor-thin profit of us .per unit. the price trend was reversed after chipset maker via technologies recently slashed its chipset price by as much as and mediatek, its main rival, followed suit. according to sources, the resulting price war has lowered chipset prices by half to us20, cd-rom drive manufacturers say they nonetheless have managed to maintain their previous profitability, thanks to a new drive design that reduces production costs. some cd-rom drive makers caution that the below-us21 and us . in contrast to price cuts in desktop cd-rom drives, prices of their slim-type counterparts for notebooks remain stable at roughly us per unit. cd-rom drive manufacturers also noted that prices of other optical storage devices cd-r and dvd-rom drives, for instance could track a similar course, as the price war between via and mediatek escalates.
__label__non_math	1.0000	live from the bowery songs product information live from the bowery album for sale by kathleen edwards was released on the zoe label. side two is a dvd containing her videos for "six o'clock news" and "one more song the radio won't like." a doubled sided disc featuring new "one disc" technology. includes a cool cover of ac dc's "money talks" live from the bowery cd music contains a single disc with songs. live from the bowery album for sale product description kathleen edwards - live from the bowery album track listing live from the bowery buy cd music customer reviews this is original music with immense charm, catchy guitar licks and songs you wish you would have written yourself, but don't have the talent that ke possesses. by juli north carolina live from the bowery songs product details live from the bowery album for sale other ideas
__label__non_math	1.0000	pastors, healthcare providers, cu faculty, staff and students - anyone with interest or who deals with end of life decisions. bioethics conference equipping for end of life ministry thursday and friday, september and , there will be plenary presentations and parallel breakout sessions for pastors counselors and healthcare providers lead by a variety of leaders and experts in healthcare ethics and end of life ministry. - what do the scriptures say about mechanically sustaining life? - what do the scriptures say about god's authority in determining the end of life? - where i can go for help with end of life issues and resources? - is it legitimate to disconnect life support, withhold oxygen, feeding tube, etc., and allow their loved one to die in god's time? continuing education credits will be available for health care professionals. view the conference schedule for detailed information. through the roof seminar saturday, if you're interested in developing a disability ministry, are just getting started or have an existing ministry at your church, you won't want to miss this opportunity. saturday s session is jam-packed with workshops by noted authors, professors, researchers, church ministry leaders, and other professionals who bring their expertise to the pressing issues facing people and families affected by disability from diagnosis through all of life s stages. in addition, you'll be able to visit exhibitors, gather resources and have a time of networking. continuing education units: medical, nursing and pharmacy credits: designated keynotes and all healthcare breakouts for the bioethics conference have been approved for medical cme , nursing ceu , and pharmacy cpe continuing education units. one hour will equal one cme, ceu, or cpe. for those seeking cme and ceu credits, post evaluations and access to your credits will available online through kettering medical center after the conference. for those seeking cpe credits, evaluations will be handed out and must be returned in order to obtain your credits. attendee registration costs: exhibitor registration costs:
__label__non_math	0.9948	at the core of the rsi academic program is an intensive, six-week introduction to scientific research. in fields ranging from category theory to cancer research, participants gain firsthand experience with open-ended, scientific inquiry in leading laboratories in the boston area. academic, corporate, and government-sponsored research teams invite rsi students to join in their ongoing projects, providing students an opportunity to make an original contribution. many rsi students use their rsi research projects as a basis for entry to science competitions, garnering top awards in the annual intel science talent search, international science and engineering fair isef , and the siemens science and technology competition. some are recognized by their labs with co-authorship credit on journal articles, and a few rejoin the labs as undergraduate or graduate students. students invited to the program receive free tuition, room, and board. their only expense is transportation to and from mit. this allows cee to select rsi students solely on the basis of academic records and their accomplishments. rsi is made possible through the support of individuals, parents, alumni, corporations, and u.s. government agencies.
__label__non_math	0.9327	noaa scientists agree the risks are high, but say hansen overstates what science can really say for sure jim hansen at the university of colorado s world affairs conference photo: tom yulsman speaking to a packed auditorium at the university of colorado s world affairs conference on thursday, nasa climatologist james hansen found a friendly audience for his argument that we face a planetary emergency thanks to global warming. despite the fact that the temperature rise has so far been relatively modest, we do have a crisis, he said. with his characteristic under-stated manner, hansen made a compelling case. but after speaking with two noaa scientists today, i think hansen put himself in a familiar position: out on a scientific limb. and after sifting through my many pages of notes from two days of immersion in climate issues, i m as convinced as ever that journalists must be exceedingly careful not to overstate what we know for sure and what is still up for scientific debate. crawling out on the limb, hansen argued that global warming has already caused the levels of water in lake powell and lake mead the two giant reservoirs on the colorado river than insure water supplies for tens of millions of westerners to fall to percent of capacity. the reservoirs probably will not be full again unless we decrease co2 in the atmosphere, he asserted. hansen is arguing that simply reducing our emissions and stabilizing co2 at about 450 parts per million, as many scientists argue is necessary, is not nearly good enough. we must reduce the concentration from today s 387 ppm to below 35o ppm. we have already passed into the dangerous zone, hansen said. if we don t reduce co2 in the atmosphere, we would be sending the planet toward an ice free state. we would have a chaotic journey to get there, but we would be creating a very different planet, and chaos for our children. hansen s argument see a paper on the subject here is based on paleoclimate data which show that the last time atmospheric co2 concentrations were this high, the earth was ice free, and sea level was far higher than it is today. i agree with the sense of urgency, said peter tans, a carbon cycle expert at the national oceanic and atmospheric administration here in boulder, in a meeting with our ted scripps fellows in environmental journalism. but i don t agree with a lot of the specifics. i don t agree with jim hansen s naming of 350 ppm as a tipping point. actually we may have already gone too far, except we just don t know. a key factor, tans said, is timing. if it takes a million years for the ice caps to disappear, no problem. the issue is how fast? nobody can give that answer. martin hoerling, a noaa meteorologist who is working on ways to better determine the links between climate change and regional impacts, such as drought in the west, pointed out that the paleoclimate data hansen bases his assertions on are coarse. they do not record year-to-year events, just big changes that took place over very long time periods. so that data give no indication just how long it takes to de-glaciate antarctica and greenland. hoerling also took issue with hansen s assertions about lakes powell and mead. while it is true that the west has had the most radical change in temperature in the u.s., there is no evidence yet that this is a cause of increasing drought, he said. flows in the colorado river have been averaging about million acre feet each year, yet we are consuming million acre feet. where are we getting the extra from? well, we re tapping into our 401k plan, he said. that would be the two giant reservoirs, and that s why their water levels have been declining. why is there less flow in the river? hoerling said. low precipitation not every year, but in many recent years, the snow pack has been lower. and here s his almost counter-intuitive point: science shows that the reduced precipitation is due to natural climate variability . . . we see little indication that the warming trend is affecting the precipitation. in my conversation with tans and hoerling today, i saw a tension between what they believe and what they think they can demonstrate scientifically. i like to frame the issue differently, tans said. sure, we canot predict what the climate is going to look like in a couple of dcades. there are feedbacks in the system we don t understand. in fact, we don t even know all the feedbacks . . . to pick all this apart is extremely difficult until things really happen. so i m pessimistic. there is, tans said, a finite risk of catastrophic climate change. maybe it is in , or maybe in or in . yet if we had a risk like that of being hit by an asteroid, we d know what to do. but the problem here is that we are the asteroid. tans argues that whether or not we can pin down the degree of risk we are now facing, one thing is obvious: we have a society based on ever increasing consumption and economic expectations. three percent growth forever is considered ideal. but of course it s a disaster. hoerling says we are living like the easter islanders, who were faced with collapse from over consumption of resources but didn t see it coming. like them, he says, we are living in denial. i think we are in that type of risk, tans said. but is that moving people? it moves me. but i was already convinced in .
__label__non_math	0.9988	x close window send your friend s a link to this product along with a personal message to: your friend's email please enter the text below: be the first to write a review old price: . our price: . you save: product id: congrats grad white graduation foil balloon bouquet most orders placed by cst will ship same day. celebrateexpress.com. .ceweb04
__label__non_math	1.0000	amy winehouse just came out of hiding this week after spending months in the idyllic st. lucia where she had good food, good wine and plenty of boys. she s back in london now, and after just one day being back in her homeland she has already decided to work off the holiday pounds she put on while staying in the tropics. she decided to call upon her com-patriot and former spice girl member mel-b. amy bought scary spice s new totally fit workout dvd in hopes of getting back into shape after months of lounging on the beach in st. lucia and indulging in the good life. in addition, sources say that amy plans to clad her london home with a recording studio and a sauna room in order to practice bikram yoga, a form of yoga that she practiced while staying in st. lucia. all in all, amy definitely has her quirks, but we ve all got to admit, she s awesome, and we love her music free diet profile and omg fat loss reportenter the type of foods you eat in my free diet profile and you'll get: - personal recommendations to help you lose body fat right now. - you'll also get my special fat loss report and discover this "trick to losing body fat." just enter your first name and email below and your diet profile and free bonuses will be emailed to you. your email will never be sold or rented. we guarantee your confidentiality. be sure to check your "bulk","spam" or "junk" folders in your email as sometimes they get mistakenly filtered.
__label__non_math	1.0000	csi nude fake celebrity star images marg helgenberger, eliza dushku, alexis bledel, and so many more of the hottest csi star exposing themselves in fake nude photos you don t want to miss out on getting in on all the hardcore csi fucking fakes and csi blowjob fakes get in on all the hardcore and softcore csi fake celebrity porn action
__label__non_math	0.9999	browsing articles tagged with " kyle glover taken off life support" kyle suffered from a very serious head injury in early july after he was struck in the head by a jetski while he was riding in an inner tube with a friend. that accident, which was caused by usher s family friend jeffrey s. hubbard, remains under investigation. tameka, , reportedly struggled with the decision to remove kyle from life support after doctors determined his injuries were simply too severe to recover from. she is said to be devastated. update photos of jeffery hubbard and ryan glover are below -
__label__non_math	0.9997	robert pattinson and kristen stewart are rumoured to be expecting their first baby after the twilight couple were reported build a lavish nursery for the child. reports about kristen stewart being pregnant have surfaced as the couple plan to raise their child in pattinson s native land, the uk. kristen stewart and robert pattinson were reported to rekindle their romance in september this year after the cheating scandal of kristen with rupert sanders made robert walk out of the relationship. with the last installment of the twilight saga receiving favourable reviews, the lead actors of the vampire movie would be in high spirits. reports suggest that kristen stewart poured her heart out to win back robert pattinson. a source was quoted saying, they pretty much decided they couldn t live without each other. this is not the first time kristen s pregnancy rumours have started, as back in , an australian gossip magazine reported the same and it was proved false. talking to a french magazine about the attention, her personal life garnered, kristen said, if i consider the opinion of others, respect for privacy, it can be very destructive. i decided not to pay attention.
__label__non_math	1.0000	asae will be a day event featuring exhibits from government, educational, and commercial vendors. the show will include lectures by well-known professional astronomers, television personalities, and astronauts. space exhibits, hands-on displays, and many interactive activities will please kids of all ages. already the largest gathering of science and astronomy companies on the west coast, asae promises retailers and dealers a networking platform where manufacturers, suppliers, and vendors have the opportunity to build partnerships, expand and create their relationships, and preview exciting new products for the upcoming year. with tucson being such an amazing astronomy town, with a population of over million, asae will be the first science and astronomy expo of this magnitude. you will be kept very busy both days as amateur astronomers and attendees browse the exhibits and shop for the newest and best products from around the world. dates times saturday november 10th sunday november 11th
__label__non_math	0.9931	celiac.com - i recently read an article in the economist, of all places, that intrigued me. titled, breathe easy , the economist, , page it explained a link between eczema and asthma. what intrigued me was the mechanism: researchers showed that a signaling molecule called thymic stromal lymphopoietin tslp secreted by damaged skin cells can enter the blood stream and eventually sensitize the lungs to react to what should be harmless allergens. so, why my intrigue? well, i am severely gluten intolerant and have had psoriasis my entire life. natural doctors bemoan the fact that my ultra sensitivity to anything and everything from vitamins and whole-food supplements to chinese herbs prevents them from being able to help me. i wondered if tslp from damaged psoriatic skin cells had sensitized my gut to react to what would otherwise be harmless food substances. a quick search proved quite helpful. first and foremost, scott adams had already reviewed an article that established a link between celiac disease and psoriasis back in november of br.j. dermatol. oct;151 :891- . also, a peer-reviewed journal search yielded hundreds of results that showed this was not one isolated study. so, what about celiac disease and asthma? well, once again, a quick search of the celiac.com site showed many bloggers and authors personally discussing this very link. next, i went to the medical literature in the hopes of finding whether or not tslp could be considered the culprit for hyper sensitizing me to an ever increasing list of food substances gluten is only the start. researchers have proven that elevated t cells bulletin of experimental biology medicine. mar; 137 :302- and eosinophils allergy asthma proceedings. jul-aug; : 253- are found in the intestinal mucosa of patients with asthma thus proving a link of lung mucosa to gut mucosa. if elevated tslp from damaged skin cells could lead to asthma, and the mucosa of the lungs is linked to the mucosa of the gut, then hypothetically elevated tslp could lead to a hypersensitive gut. in other words, damaged skin cells from psoriasis elevate levels of tslp and patients with psoriasis often have celiac disease. there is also a link between tslp and asthma and a link between asthma and celiac disease. thus, it could be argued that the tslp from damaged skin cells plays a role in sensitizing the gut to previously harmless food substances. now if only a researcher out there would design a study to prove me right what does this to for me? not much at the moment, although, i do find it incredibly interesting. what can this exercise in possible commutability do for all of us? maybe train us to view our bodies as an entire, interrelated system and to take our skin lesions seriously. what do i do to keep my psoriasis at bay? i hold fast to the gluten free diet and consume vast quantities of fish oil which, incidentally, also aids in restoring a damaged intestinal lining
__label__math	0.6835	- the protein kinase kin4 inhibits exit from mitosis in response to spindle position defects molecular cell, volume , issue , july , pages 223-234 katharine e. d aquino, fernando monje-casas, jennifer paulson, vladimir reiser, georgette m. charles, leslie lai, kevan m. shokat and angelika amon summaryaccurate nuclear position is essential for each daughter cell to receive one dna complement. in budding yeast, a surveillance mechanism known as the spindle position checkpoint ensures that exit from mitosis only occurs when the anaphase nucleus is positioned along the mother-bud axis. we identified the protein kinase kin4 as a component of the spindle position checkpoint. kin4 prevents exit from mitosis in cells with mispositioned nuclei by inhibiting the mitotic exit network men , a gtpase signaling cascade that promotes exit from mitosis. kin4 is active in cells with mispositioned nuclei and predominantly localizes to mother cells, where it is ideally situated to inhibit men signaling at spindle pole bodies spbs when anaphase spindle elongation occurs within the mother cell. - spindle position is coordinated with cell-cycle progression through establishment of mitotic exit-ac... molecular cell, volume , issue , august , pages 444-454 leon y. chan and angelika amon summaryhow spatial information is translated into a chemical signal is a fundamental problem in all organisms. the spindle position checkpoint is a prime example of this problem. this checkpoint senses spindle position and, in budding yeast, inhibits the mitotic exit network men , a signaling pathway that promotes exit from mitosis. we find that spindle position is sensed by a system composed of men-inhibitory and -activating zones and a sensor that moves between them. the men inhibitory zone is located in the mother cell, the men-activating zone in the bud, and the spindle pole body spb , where the components of the men reside, functions as the sensor. only when an spb escapes the men inhibitor kin4 in the mother cell and moves into the bud where the men activator lte1 resides can exit from mitosis occur. in this manner, spatial information is sensed and translated into a chemical signal. - kin4 kinase delays mitotic exit in response to spindle alignment defects molecular cell, volume , issue , july , pages 209-221 gislene pereira and elmar schiebel summaryfor many polarized cells, it is critical that the mitotic spindle becomes positioned relative to the polarity axis. this is especially important in yeast, where the site of cytokinesis is predetermined. the spindle position checkpoint spoc therefore delays mitotic exit of cells with a mispositioned spindle. one component of the spoc is the bub2-bfa1 complex, an inhibitor of the mitotic exit network men . here, we show that the kin4 kinase is a component of the spoc and as such is essential to delay cell cycle progression of cells with a misaligned spindle. when spindles are correctly oriented, kin4 and bub2-bfa1 are asymmetrically localized to opposite spindle pole bodies spbs . bub2-bfa1 then becomes inhibited by cdc5 polo kinase with anaphase onset, a prerequisite for mitotic exit. in response to spindle misalignment, kin4 and bub2-bfa1 are brought together at both spbs. kin4 now maintains bub2-bfa1 activity by counteracting cdc5, thereby inhibiting mitotic exit. cell, volume 102, issue , -, july articleadd view comments a mechanism for coupling exit from mitosis to partitioning of the nucleuscorrespondence: angelika amon, 617 258 phone , 617 258 fax - exit from mitosis must not occur prior to partitioning of chromosomes between daughter cells. we find that the gtp binding protein tem1, a regulator of mitotic exit, is present on the spindle pole body that migrates into the bud during s phase and mitosis. tem1's exchange factor, lte1, localizes to the bud. thus, tem1 and lte1 are present in the same cellular compartment the bud only after the nucleus enters the bud during nuclear division. we also find that the presence of tem1 and lte1 in the bud is required for mitotic exit. our results suggest that the spatial segregation of tem1 and lte1 ensures that exit from mitosis only occurs after the genetic material is partitioned between mother and daughter cell.
__label__math	0.9060	- pdf 449 kb - full text with thumbnail figures - full text with large figures - cited by in scopus 359 - request permission - calmodulin mediates calcium-dependent inactivation of n-methyl-d-aspartate receptors neuron, volume , issue , august , pages 443-453 su zhang, michael d ehlers, jeffery p bernhardt, ching-tien su and richard l huganir summaryca2 influx through n-methyl-d-aspartate nmda receptors activates signal transduction pathways critical for many forms of synaptic plasticity in the brain. nmda receptor mediated ca2 influx also downregulates the gating of nmda channels through a process called ca2 -dependent inactivation cdi . recent studies have demonstrated that the calcium binding protein calmodulin directly interacts with nmda receptors, suggesting that calmodulin may play a role in cdi. we report here that the mutation of a specific calmodulin binding site in the c0 region of the nr1 subunit of the nmda receptor blocks cdi. moreover, intracellular infusion of a calmodulin inhibitory peptide markedly reduces cdi of both recombinant and neuronal nmda receptors. furthermore, this inactivating effect of calmodulin can be prevented by coexpressing a region of the cytoskeletal protein -actinin2 known to interact with the c0 region of nr1. taken together, these results demonstrate that the binding of ca2 calmodulin to nr1 mediates cdi of the nmda receptor and suggest that inactivation occurs via ca2 calmodulin-dependent release of the receptor complex from the neuronal cytoskeleton. - pdz domain suppression of an er retention signal in nmda receptor nr1 splice variants neuron, volume , issue , december , pages 887-898 steve standley, katherine w. roche, jennifer mccallum, nathalie sans and robert j. wenthold summarythe nmda receptor nr1 subunit has four splice variants that differ in their c-terminal, cytoplasmic domain. we investigated the contribution of the c-terminal cassettes, c0, c1, c2, and c2 , to trafficking of nr1 in heterologous cells and neurons. we identified an er retention signal rrr in the c1 cassette of nr1, which is similar to the rxr motif in atp-sensitive k channels zerangue et al. . we found that surface expression of nr1-, which contains c1, is due to a site on the c2 cassette, which includes the terminal amino acid pdz-interacting domain. this site suppresses er retention of the c1 cassette and leads to surface expression. these findings suggest a role for pdz proteins in facilitating the transition of receptors from an intracellular pool to the surface of the neuron. - calmodulin mediates the ca-dependent regulation of cx44 gap junctions biophysical journal, volume , issue , april , pages yubin zhou, wei yang, monica m. lurtz, yanyi chen, jie jiang, yun huang, charles f. louis and jenny j. yang abstractwe have shown previously that the ca2 -dependent inhibition of lens epithelial cell-to-cell communication is mediated in part by the direct association of calmodulin cam with connexin43 cx43 , the major connexin in these cells. we now show that elevation of ca2 i in hela cells transfected with the lens fiber cell gap junction protein sheep cx44 also results in the inhibition of cell-to-cell dye transfer. a peptide comprising the putative cam binding domain aa 129 150 of the intracellular loop region of this connexin exhibited a high affinity, stoichiometric interaction with ca2 -cam. nmr studies indicate that the binding of cx44 peptide to cam reflects a classical embracing mode of interaction. the interaction is an exothermic event that is both enthalpically and entropically driven in which electrostatic interactions play an important role. the binding of the cx44 peptide to cam increases the cam intradomain cooperativity and enhances the ca2 -binding affinities of the c-domain of cam more than twofold by slowing the rate of ca2 release from the complex. our data suggest a common mechanism by which the ca2 -dependent inhibition of the -class of gap junction proteins is mediated by the direct association of an intracellular loop region of these proteins with ca2 -cam. cell, volume , issue , 745-755, march articleadd view comments inactivation of nmda receptors by direct interaction of calmodulin with the nr1 subunitcorrespondence: richard l. huganir, 410 955 phone , 410 955 fax - nmda n-methyl-d-aspartate receptors are excitatory neurotransmitter receptors in the brain critical for synaptic plasticity and neuronal development. these receptors are ca2 -permeable glutamate-gated ion channels whose physiological properties are regulated by intracellular ca2 . we report here the purification of a kda protein identified as calmodulin that interacts with the nr1 subunit of the nmda receptor. calmodulin binding to the nr1 subunit is ca2 dependent and occurs with homomeric nr1 complexes, heteromeric nr1 nr2 subunit complexes, and nmda receptors from brain. furthermore, calmodulin binding to nr1 causes a -fold reduction in nmda channel open probability. these results demonstrate that nmda receptor function can be regulated by direct binding of calmodulin to the nr1 subunit, and suggest a possible mechanism for activity-dependent feedback inhibition and ca2 -dependent inactivation of nmda receptors.
__label__math	0.9977	biophysical journal, volume , issue , august , pages 979-988 patrick j. macdonald, yun chen, xiao wang, yan chen and joachim d. mueller fluorescence fluctuation spectroscopy ffs quantifies interactions of fluorescently labeled proteins inside living cells by brightness analysis. conventional ffs implicitly requires that the sample thickness exceeds the size of the observation volume. this condition is not always fulfilled when measuring cells. cytoplasmic sections, especially, can be thinner than the axial size of the observation volume. the finite sample thickness introduces a brightness bias which, if not recognized, leads to an erroneous interpretation of the data. to avoid this artifact, we introduce z-scan ffs which consists of a fluorescence intensity z scan through the sample followed by an ffs measurement. to model the experimental z-scan data, a new psf model had to be introduced. we use the intensity z scan together with the psf model to determine the geometry of the sample and then extract the brightness from the ffs data. cells expressing egfp serve as a model system for testing the experimental approach. we demonstrate that z-scan ffs abolishes the brightness artifact and use the method to determine the oligomerization of cytoplasmic nuclear transport factor . biophysical journal, volume , issue , march , pages bin wu, yan chen and joachim d. m ller the red fluorescent protein mcherry is of considerable interest for fluorescence fluctuation spectroscopy ffs , because the wide separation in color between mcherry and green fluorescent protein provides excellent conditions for identifying protein interactions inside cells. this two-photon study reveals that mcherry exists in more than a single brightness state. unbiased analysis of the data needs to account for the presence of multiple states. we introduce a two-state model that successfully describes the brightness and fluctuation amplitude of mcherry. the properties of the two states are characterized by ffs and fluorescence lifetime experiments. no interconversion between the two states was observed over the experimentally probed timescales. the effect of fluorescence resonance energy transfer between enhanced green fluorescent protein egfp and mcherry is incorporated into the two-state model to describe protein hetero-oligomerization. the model is verified by comparing the predicted and measured brightness and fluctuation amplitude of several fusion proteins that contain mcherry and egfp. in addition, hetero-fluorescence resonance energy transfer between mcherry molecules in different states is detected, but its influence on ffs parameters is small enough to be negligible. finally, the two-state model is applied to study protein oligomerization in living cells. we demonstrate that the model successfully describes the homodimerization of nuclear receptors. in addition, we resolved a mixture of interacting and noninteracting proteins labeled with egfp and mcherry. these results provide the foundation for quantitative applications of mcherry in ffs studies. biophysical journal, volume 100, issue , march , pages keir h. fogarty, yan chen, iwen f. grigsby, patrick j. macdonald, elizabeth m. smith, jolene l. johnson, jonathan m. rawson, louis m. mansky and joachim d. mueller fluorescence fluctuation spectroscopy ffs quantifies the interactions of fluorescently-labeled proteins inside living cells by brightness analysis. however, the study of cytoplasmic proteins that interact with the plasma membrane is challenging with ffs. if the cytoplasmic section is thinner than the axial size of the observation volume, cytoplasmic and membrane-bound proteins are coexcited, which leads to brightness artifacts. this brightness bias, if not recognized, leads to erroneous interpretation of the data. we have overcome this challenge by introducing dual-color z-scan ffs and the addition of a distinctly colored reference protein. here, we apply this technique to study the cytoplasmic interactions of the gag proteins from human immunodeficiency virus type hiv- and human t-lymphotropic virus type htlv- . the gag protein plays a crucial role in the assembly of retroviruses and is found in both membrane and cytoplasm. dual-color z-scans demonstrate that brightness artifacts are caused by a dim nonpunctate membrane-bound fraction of gag. we perform an unbiased brightness characterization of cytoplasmic gag by avoiding the membrane-bound fraction and reveal previously unknown differences in the behavior of the two retroviral gag species. hiv-gag exhibits concentration-dependent oligomerization in the cytoplasm, whereas htlv-gag lacks significant cytoplasmic gag-gag interactions. biophysical journal, volume 102, issue , , june imaging mrna with single-molecule sensitivity in live cells has become an indispensable tool for quantitatively studying rna biology. the ms2 system has been extensively used due to its unique simplicity and sensitivity. however, the levels of the coat protein needed for consistent labeling of mrnas limits the sensitivity and quantitation of this technology. here, we applied fluorescence fluctuation spectroscopy to quantitatively characterize and enhance the ms2 system. surprisingly, we found that a high fluorescence background resulted from inefficient dimerization of fluorescent protein fp -labeled ms2 coat protein mcp . to mitigate this problem, we used a single-chain tandem dimer of mcp tdmcp that significantly increased the uniformity and sensitivity of mrna labeling. furthermore, we characterized the pp7 coat protein and the binding to its respective rna stem loop. we conclude that the pp7 system performs better for rna labeling. finally, we used these improvements to study endogenous -actin mrna, which has 24xms2 binding sites inserted into the untranslated region. the tdmcp-fp allowed uniform rna labeling and provided quantitative measurements of endogenous mrna concentration and diffusion. this work provides a foundation for quantitative spectroscopy and imaging of single mrnas directly in live cells.
__label__math	0.9242	- pdf 469 kb - full text with thumbnail figures - full text with large figures - supplemental data - cited by in scopus - request permission - histones are first hyperacetylated and then lose contact with the activated pho5 promoter molecular cell, volume , issue , june , pages hans reinke and wolfram h rz summarywe have analyzed the histone modification status of the pho5 promoter from yeast by the chip technology and have focused on changes occurring upon activation. using various acetylation-specific antibodies, we found a dramatic loss of the acetylation signal upon induction of the promoter. this turned out to be due, however, to the progressive loss of histones altogether. the fully remodeled promoter appears to be devoid of histones as judged by chip analyses. local histone hyperacetylation does indeed occur, however, prior to remodeling. this can explain the delay in chromatin remodeling in the absence of histone acetyltransferase activity of the saga complex that was previously documented for the pho5 promoter. our findings shed new light on the nucleosomal structure of fully remodeled chromatin. at the same time, they point out the need for novel controls when the chip technique is used to study histone modifications in the context of chromatin remodeling in vivo. - precise nucleosome positioning and the tata box dictate requirements for the histone h4 tail and the... molecular cell, volume , issue , july , pages - carlos martinez-campa, panagiotis politis, jean-luc moreau, nick kent, jane goodall, jane mellor and colin r. goding summaryacetylation of histone tails plays a key role in chromatin dynamics and is associated with the potential for gene expression. we show here that a bp mispositioning of the nucleosome covering the tata box at pho5 induces a dependency on the acetylatable lysine residues of the histone h4 n-terminal region and on the tfiid-associated bromodomain factor bdf1. this dependency arises either through fusion of the pho5 promoter to a lacz reporter or by mutation of the tata box in the natural gene. the results suggest that promoters in which the tata box is either absent or poorly accessible on the surface of a nucleosome may compensate by using bdf1 bromodomains and acetylated h4 tails to anchor tfiid to the promoter during the initial stages of transcription activation. we propose that nucleosome positioning at the nucleotide level provides a subtle, but highly effective, mechanism for gene regulation. - transcriptional activators are dispensable for transcription in the absence of spt6-mediated chromat... molecular cell, volume , issue , february , pages 405-416 melissa w. adkins and jessica k. tyler summarythe packaging of the eukaryotic genome into chromatin is likely to have a profound influence on transcription from the underlying genes. we have previously shown that the disassembly of promoter nucleosomes is obligatory for activation of the yeast pho5 and pho8 genes. here, we show that the pho5 promoter nucleosomes are reassembled concomitant with transcriptional repression and displacement of the tata binding protein and rna polymerase ii rna pol ii . we identify the histone h3-h4 chaperone spt6 as the factor that mediates nucleosome reassembly onto the pho5, pho8, adh2, ady2, and suc2 promoters during transcriptional repression. furthermore, promoter nucleosome reassembly is essential for transcriptional repression. in the absence of spt6-mediated nucleosome reassembly, the activators pho4 and pho2 are displaced from the pho5 promoter in repressing conditions, yet transcription is sustained. as such, these studies demonstrate that activators are not required for transcription in the absence of competing chromatin reassembly. molecular cell, volume , issue , 529-538, march research articleadd view comments a transient histone hyperacetylation signal marks nucleosomes for remodeling at the pho8 promoter in vivocorresponding author: wolfram h rz, - 420 phone , - 440 fax present address: sangamo biosciences, inc., richmond, california . - chromatin remodeling of the yeast pho8 promoter requires the saga histone acetyltransferase complex. we report here that saga is necessary and sufficient to establish an activator-dependent hyperacetylation peak over the pho8 promoter that is restricted to those nucleosomes that are remodeled upon activation. this local hyperacetylated state is observed upon activation in the absence of the swi snf complex when the remodeling process is frozen subsequent to activator binding. hyperacetylation is lost, however, if remodeling is permitted to go to completion. thus, a transient histone hyperacetylation signal is shown to be a prerequisite for, and determinant of, the domain of nucleosome remodeling in vivo.
__label__non_math	0.9976	how people like their harps to kelly reese asking her opinion of her celtic harp: been visiting with rick stanley about building a tara for me. he said that you have a tara that he built for you. so give me your opinion-what do you think of it in all ways? i have looked at the pics of them online, and they are beautiful-but i am very skittish about buying a harp that i haven t played...am trying to figure out a way to do that before i take the plunge. any info you would care to share would be so much appreciated pat lindemann, n. dakota see kelly reese's response below response to kelly s email response below, pat ordered a tara and years later was still contacting us. "still love the tara and on your craftsmanship this past week at a church camp. take care - thank you response to pat's inquiry: happy to talk about my harp. i completely understand your hesitancy about buying a harp without playing it first-when i think about it i can t believe i did it. however, it is the most splendid-sounding harp i have ever heard or played. as beautiful as it is to look at, it s many more times as beautiful to listen to and to the sound is so rich and bright, it fills my house. rick is a fantastic musician, and plays the harp as he s making it, he tweaks and adjusts it so that he gets the most sound out of it, and man, does it work if i were in the market for another harp, i would order it from rick. he s a master. so far i ve heard four harps that he has made, and they have all been splendid. the tara, being larger i sound like the rick stanley fan club president, don t i? i think rick is an amazing artist, a natural musician, and i d love to help him get the recognition he so rightly deserves. yup, i highly recommend his harps kelly reese - iowa kelly playing her harp is absolutely beautiful, and the sound is rich overall shape of the harp and also the carvings, the harp has real character and personality. evan is thrilled; he especially enjoyed your playing lover s heart for him. thank you so much is much more comfortable for evan than his teacher s harp, so the ergonomic design issues including size and wood selection for light weight have been successfully solved. the balance of the harp is designed well so that the harp does not push him back when he is mike lewis - virginia evan with his tara you so much rick that strings could sound so full, so resonant. the basses really sing and hold their note so long it sounds like my string swan. the cherry was definitely the right choice, beautiful and so easy to carry around to sessions and workshops. thanks again gwen - fairfield ia gwen with her travel thought i d say hi and let you know that i ve been getting some good playing in on my new harp. the sound is filling out well and i don t know if it could be true, but it seems to sing in the key of d sound best there. i am very happy with the harp." john howley - california to john howley play his harp love my harp corinne - iowa tara harp, which rick stanley built, sounds more beautiful than any other celtic harp i have ever played. i am so happy with my tara harp rick and i talked before it was built; i told him what i would like the harp to look and sound like, and it turned out to be beyond my the sound is amazingly beautiful. the sound is very,very resonant, very warm, yet bright and clear. the bass is deep with a ringing tone, and top is like crystal and silk. it is very responsive to the player's touch. i asked rick for a certain tension on the strings, and he got not only does the harp sound great, but it looks so incredible on stage. with its mystical lines, it looks as if it just walked out of a fairytale. the colour of the harp's finish was just as i ordered; the hand carvings with the lion paw feet are extraordinary, and the exquisite hand-painting on the board was better than i expected with the detail and colour. the harp's beauty is heavenly rick stanley's tara harp is truly a work of art, a master piece me, it is a dream harp and hearing rick's tara harp while i knew from my sister or someone that you were making this special harp, i didn't know that it sounded like some sort of portal into harmony's own personal mystery garden. in all seriousness, whatever that means, based on all i've been able to hear of the tara, i'd have to say that through your applied creative-artistic-intuitive-etc faculties as well as your meticulous pragmatic-technical methods, you've managed to bring nothing short of a living and working talisman of natural magic into manifestation. i'm sure that these harps are respected and loved by a lot of harpers, and at the same time, i wonder if other than a very few really appreciate the magnitude of what you've accomplished with these instruments. i think probably most people intuit it without actually realizing what's going on or how rare it is--the sort of instrument that normally only comes out inadvertently, by accident, highly respected harpmakers' harps sing, but not too awfully many of them sing that song here i am, finally having determined that the classic tara harp form is my all-time favorite among all the ones i've seen and loved--with its gloriously high headed harmonic curve and just-so-arched pillar, and its profile altogether that when brought back to the shoulder looks to me like an offering--and then i come to find that you have methodically and intuitively-spontaneously coaxed that ideal form into viable communion with the heart and wholeness of beauty's archetypical harmonies and tuned it to the breath of her spirit. hey, how's that for a testimonial, and from someone who doesn't even own one yet? obviously, you've gone too far; the harp is quite beyond being what it could possibly be--but such is not all that can be said about the matter. it can also be said that i must have one somehow. heaven knows how--but heaven knows, for sure, as there is absolutely no doubt in my mind. thank you for everything, rick,
__label__non_math	0.9928	how to complete va form -, claim for standard government headstone or marker block is to let us know if the veteran's grave is unmarked or if it is already marked with a privately purchased headstone or marker. for deaths occurring on or after , a government marker may be furnished for the grave of any eligible veteran regardless of whether the grave is already marked with a private marker. when the grave is already marked, eligible veterans are entitled to either a traditional headstone or marker or medallion. to apply for a medallion, please complete va form -1330m, claim for government medallion. shaded areas in block 5a and b and in blocks , , , and indicate optional inscription information items. if you do not wish this information to be inscribed select none in the appropriate area, or leave the block blank. block is for the veteran s periods of active military duty. use block for additional information. block is for the veteran s branch of military service. if the branch of service is not shown, select the box for other and write in the appropriate branch, i.e. waac or women s army auxiliary corps; wasp or women air force svc pilots, etc. block pertains to certain valor and achievement awards or the purple heart. documentation proving receipt of the awards must be provided with the claim. if you do not have documentation of these awards, you may write to the national personnel records center, military personnel records, page blvd., st. louis, mo . these awards will be inscribed at government expense, if desired. if not desired, leave block blank. block identifies the type of headstone or marker you would like. the second page of the application instructions has photographs of the types of headstones and markers available. some cemeteries only accept a certain type of headstone or marker. please check with the cemetery before filling out this block to see what type is accepted. make sure only one box is checked. block indicates the emblem of belief desired. if not desired, please check "none". the authorized emblems of belief are listed on the back of the form with a picture of representative emblems; pictures of all others may be viewed on our website at block , , , and identify the person who is preparing the claim. the claim must be submitted by the next of kin specify relationship , or by an authorized representative on behalf of the decedent include written authorization , or by an authorized representative on behalf of the next of kin include written authorization . this information must be provided. in case there is any illegible, missing or conflicting information on the claim, we will need to contact you to obtain complete and correct information. the headstone or marker request will be delayed or suspended if we cannot reach you by telephone, fax, or e-mail. block is for the signature of the person listed in block 13a, certifying the information about the deceased veteran is correct. this signature also certifies that the next of kin, or the claimant, is aware that the government is not authorized to pay the cost of installing the marker in private cemeteries. block requires the name and address of the organization or official who will accept the prepaid delivery of the headstone or marker consignee , usually the cemetery or funeral home. a street address is required, as deliveries cannot be made to post office boxes. block is the telephone number of the person consignee accepting delivery of the headstone or marker. this information is mandatory. if for any reason the address is not complete, or if there are any questions, the headstone or marker will not be shipped until the address has been confirmed. if there is no telephone number, written confirmation will be required which will cause delays. also, commercial trucking companies may need this number for detailed delivery information. block is the name and address of the cemetery where the headstone or marker will be placed. if this information is the same as block , repeat it or write, "see block ." block is for the signature of the person accepting delivery consignee . this block must be signed. without a signature, the headstone or marker will not be furnished. block is for the signature of the cemetery official of the place of burial. this signature also verifies the type of headstone or marker ordered is appropriate for the gravesite. entries of "none", "na", or nothing entered in this block cannot be accepted. block must be completed if the remains have not been buried. an explanation is required in block , i.e., cremated and ashes scattered, buried at sea, or donated to science. block only applies if the decedent is to be buried in a state veterans' cemetery. if this applies, the cemetery will complete these blocks and submit the claim. if this does not apply, leave blank. section, grave number, or any other information identifying the location of a grave cannot be inscribed on markers placed in private cemeteries. be sure to read the general information sheet attached to va form -, claim for standard government headstone or marker, for additional information and guidance. after completing the application, please check carefully to be sure that you have accurately furnished all required information to avoid delays in processing the claim and in marking the gravesite. government-furnished headstones and markers remain the property of the united states government and cannot be used for any purpose other than to mark the grave and honor the memory of the decedent for whom the headstone or marker is furnished.
__label__non_math	0.9864	economic census madison county, ky data based on the nonemployer statistics. includes only firms subject to federal income tax. introductory text includes scope and methodology, non-sampling error, and confidentiality protection. for descriptions of column headings and rows industries , click on the appropriate underlined element in the table. page display revised: questions?
__label__non_math	1.0000	spanish-language version of american factfinder the local-level census information for legislative redistricting released in march for puerto rico are now available in a spanish-language version of the new american factfinder. the statistics include the same topics covered in the previous release of the census redistricting data summary file: race, hispanic origin, the voting age years and over population and housing units for various levels of geographies. internet address: no news release associated with this report. tip sheet only.
__label__non_math	1.0000	centenary square is the heart of bradford city centre. with the grade listed victorian town hall providing a stunning backdrop, the alhambra theatre and media museum both just over the road and galleries, bars and restaurants on the square this stunning part of the city is regularly visited by locals and tourists alike. the bradford and impressions galleries with their regularly changing exhibitions and comprehensive events and educational programmes provide a relaxing haven in the city centre. the restaurants dragon thai and nandos provide some of the most exquisite international cuisine in west yorkshire and prove very popular for parties, intimate dinners, with theatre goes and business people. for the more budget conscious the square offers great value dining at lloyds no.bar or the noodle bar or just nip in to starbucks for a quick or leisurely break from shopping or a busy day at the office. centenary square is also adjacent to city park, the largest outdoor events space in the city and regularly comes alive with a range of live events many of which are sponsored by the council, or equally big screen bradford provides televised entertainment throughout each and ever day and night.
__label__non_math	0.9948	that swedish cartoon of mohammed was offensive ... to dogs. why should our canine friends be demeaned by being conjoined -- even figuratively -- to the head of someone such as mohammed? i am referring, of course, to the cartoon by swedish artist lars vilks, which depicted the prophet mohammed with the body of a dog. vilks has received numerous death threats since the cartoon was first published, and in the last couple of days an arrest was made of a person involved in a new, bizarre plot to kill him. the person arrested was an american, colleen renee larose, a k a jihad jane, who allegedly was conspiring with some terrorists in ireland to assassinate vilks. congrats to the three swedish newspapers who republished the vilks cartoon after the latest conspiracy came to light. the papers noted that the threat to vilks constituted a threat against one of the most fundamental human rights, namely freedom of speech. bravo. their actions in supporting vilks and republishing his cartoons contrast sharply with the craven, apologetic attitude adopted by some after the furor over the danish cartoons. maybe the west has some backbone after all. my only quibble with the cartoon is that it may be a bit unfair to focus only on mohammed and, by extension, islamic fundamentalists. sure, the koran is suffused with incitements to violence, and we are all too familiar with contemporary islamic terrorism. but judaism and christianity don't exactly have clean hands. hence my three-headed dog. there probably never was a moses, but the actions attributed to him in the bible portray him as a murderous, genocidal fanatic, willing to slaughter his own people for almost any faux pas in matters religious and positively eager to exterminate anyone who was not a hebrew. we are often told moses should be honored as a law-giver and role model in matters of morals. excuse me? perhaps his desire to ethnically cleanse the promised land made him a role model ironically for those germans who dreamt of lebensraum , but i fail to see any basis for revering him. jesus is a more ambiguous figure. the new testament does refer frequently to peace and love, but it also attributes to jc the assertion that he came not to bring peace, but a sword. and the book of revelations does not exactly portray a gentle, forgiving jesus. what is certain is that christianity has inspired as much violence and bloodshed as islam. if we didn't have suicide bombers during the centuries of warfare between protestants and christians, it's only because the technology was not available. so sharp criticism of islam is appropriate, but let's not forget that almost all religions have been the enemies of religion and the midwives of mindless violence. there are, of course, many believers who are agreeable, responsible, moral, wonderful individuals. but they don't get that way by allowing their lives to be dominated by religious dogma. slavishly adhering to the supposed teachings of semi-legendary figures who may have lived long ago, in conditions starkly different from our own, is not a recipe for an informed, fulfilling, morally laudable life. if you rely solely on religious dogma as your guide to life, you're likely to end up with a dog's breakfast. interesting dogma dog connect here. speaking of cartoons and their possible subliminal messages, i felt the dogma thing was at work in disney s recent up movie with the usage of the established pack of misled if not altogether evil dogs versus the new, naive and somewhat dopey new hero dog doug who ultimately becomes the alpha dog simply after putting the cone of shame on the dobie who was playing the heavy, so to speak. we might note some not so subliminal religious imagery at work in this movie along with the search for the ever elusive snipe that the old school dogmas are all seeking to capture. ironically the snipe resembles nothing so much as an early disney animatronic bird you might see in the tiki house complete with glazed over, soulless eyes. ha gray1, thanks for the observations on up i may be the one person in the u.s. who has not seen the movie, so your explanation and link were helpful. disney has been known to pitch religion subtly and or twist plots to avoid giving offense to religious viewers. the most egregious example may have been transforming the evil priest, claude frollo, in the hunchback of notre dame into a judge. i guess everyone hates lawyers. we present our site have a look to ral - interesting article. i continue to marvel at how why etc. some islamists get so got so crazed about a cartoon or cartoons. the anger outrage is out of proportion, and potential incidents seem to be sought and enhanced - deliberately misunderstood or skewed, their specialness exalted, and shouts of being insulted, followed by threats, violence, etc. tho the media can t get enough of it. it s bizarre, and what seems a sort of insanity to many, and serves as a total turn-off, imo. this trend, hopefully, like the plane highjackers of the 60s tho more deadly, will be put to an end soon. i would like to receive information regarding swedish cartoons, especially for kids and youngsters. i am a teacher at the williams school in cuernavaca, mexico. my students would love to read about a very well-known magazine or film. thanks a lot, alma
__label__non_math	0.9998	john michael strubhart raised in south texas. graduated from riviera kaufer high school in . graduated texas a i university, kingsville in . i have always been a teacher and spent most of my career at richard king high school in corpus christi, tx, but i have also taught at ben bolt - palito blanco high school in ben bolt, tx, westlake high school in austin, tx and baker middle school in corpus christi, tx. i enjoy studying just about anything, but mostly physics. i also enjoy playing keyboards and listening to music. i am a fan of mysteries, thrillers and some science fiction, but i mostly enjoy non-fiction, particularly science and the intersection of science and culture.
__label__non_math	0.9995	a -star superior hotel, located just kms. from the centre of granada. recently built, it has 114 fully equipped junior suites and suites measuring over square metres. all of the rooms provide good accommodation, air climatisation system, hydromassage bathtubs, plasma tvs, wi-fi hook-ups, safety deposit box, mini bar and terrace in adittion, hotel offers a la carte restaurant, cafeteria, garage, outdoor pool
__label__non_math	0.9998	the eureka zuum z-series is the next generation of central vacuum systems that combines powerful, easy cleaning with a sleek european design. each of the five models in the eureka zuum z-series boasts a variety of unique advanced features. some models include a sealed hepa filtration unit for improved air quality, integrated sound suppression for minimized noise, interactive led panels and an lcd screen that monitors the z-series internal workings and provides performance measurement. eureka starts the development of all their products in the same way, by looking at the needs of people who are going to use them. eureka has a z-series zuum vacuum for most every home from small to large and from quiet to busy. he motor technology long lasting, high-performance and smart-designed, he motor technology by electrolux is at the heart of products you can count on today and into the future. he motor technology ensures motors are built using innovative materials and are designed to generate less waste. we have included integrated housing compartments and sound suppression to make he motors quieter. lower rotating mass within the fan ensures the motors are compact and efficient. these motors feature top quality ball-bearings and dynamic-balancing to lessen noise, vibration and wear. the result? he motors last longer. we are using flow-through motor technology to ensure our he motors perform better. the efficient design combines the best of both worlds more power generation while remaining compact the eureka zuum z-series line provides the high-quality clean and innovative design that consumers have come to expect from modern central vacuum systems. electrolux home care products eureka's parent company was awarded the prestigious good design award for the eureka zuum z-series central vacuum system. the good design awards are granted to designers and manufacturers around the world for setting the highest standards for the best, most advanced product designs. the unique zuum z-series central vacuum power units bring together performance and style in a practical way that helps clean your home and the air in your home for your family. with five different models in the eureka zuum z-series, homeowners can choose the unit specifically designed to suit their personal cleaning needs.
__label__non_math	0.9999	centre college faculty clarence wyatt special assistant to the president chief planning officer claude d. pottinger professor of history office: crounse hall 467 clarence wyatt is professor of history at centre college, where he holds the pottinger distinguished professorship of history and is special assistant to the president and chief planning officer. wyatt also serves as a consultant to the office of college relations. wyatt began working for the college in development in and joined the faculty in . wyatt is a scholar of recent u.s. political, diplomatic, and cultural history, with a particular focus on american involvement in vietnam. he is the author of paper soldiers: the american press and the vietnam war, an acclaimed book about u.s. press coverage of the vietnam war, published in by w.w. norton and issued in paperback by the university of chicago press. he co-edited the vietnam era, a digital collection of essays and primary sources, published by primary source media in . he has also contributed chapters and essays to several collections on the vietnam war, including the human tradition in the vietnam era in and the war that never ends in . he most recently co-edited media and propaganda in wartime america, a two-volume encyclopedia published by abc-clio in . in addition to his scholarly publications, wyatt has published opinion pieces or provided commentary in a range of outlets, including the lexington ky. herald-leader, newsday, the los angeles times, the chicago tribune, the new york times, the mutual broadcasting system, and national public radio. since , he has served as the election night commentator for the abc television affiliate in lexington, kentucky. wyatt has also spoken at conferences on a wide variety of topics related to american politics, diplomacy, journalism, and the vietnam war. among these are the centre for conflict studies at the university of new brunswick, the society for historians of american foreign relations, the popular culture association, the new jersey vietnam educational center, the united states military academy, the vietnam center and archive at texas tech university, and the american historical association. his most recent conference appearance was april, , when he was the session keynote speaker at the conference on war, journalism, and history, co-sponsored by the university of edinburgh and the university of kentucky. an energetic teacher, wyatt teaches courses on the vietnam war, u.s. diplomatic history, the american civil war, the american revolution and early national period, u.s. history since world war ii, as well as introductory courses in u.s. and east asian history. he has also regularly conducted study experiences for centre students in vietnam and cambodia since . in , he was a member of the first group of american academics invited to visit vietnam by vietnam s ministry of education. wyatt s scholarship and teaching was most recently recognized with his being awarded a fulbright fellowship. in his project, wyatt taught vietnamese and u.s. history at hanoi university in spring , and conducted research for a book on the shared histories of the u.s. and vietnam since . he also worked at the request of the president of hanoi university to review and revise the university's international studies curriculum. in addition to his teaching and scholarly activities, wyatt also serves as a senior officer of centre college. he is special assistant to the president and chief planning officer. in these roles, he has particular responsibilities in the areas of strategic planning and college relations. wyatt has directed the strategic planning process at centre since its inception in the early 1980s and has written each of centre s strategic plans since that time. wyatt is also centrally involved in centre s fundraising efforts, including helping to plan each of centre s capital campaigns since . wyatt has also consulted with several other institutions and organizations in the areas of fundraising and strategic planning. wyatt has also served as the director of a number of other programs at centre, including the brown scholars leadership program and as the first director mentor of the brown fellows program, centre s marquee scholarship and enrichment program. wyatt was also involved with kentucky s governor s scholars program for nineteen years, serving first as a faculty member, then, from through , as campus director. in , wyatt served, along with richard trollinger, as co-chair of the committee that directed centre s hosting of the vice presidential debate between dick cheney and joe lieberman. centre was selected to host the vice presidential debate again in , and wyatt served with trollinger as the debate co-chair. wyatt is also active in the community. in , he co-founded the main street program for danville, ky., the heart of danville, which was recognized by the national trust for historic preservation as the nation s outstanding main street program in . wyatt has also participated in leadership danville receiving that organization s outstanding alumnus award in , and served as a board member of the danville-boyle county chamber of commerce, as a member of the ephraim mcdowell regional medical center s community board, as president of the perryville battlefield preservation association, as a member of the danville schools foundation board of directors, and as chairman of the danville ethics commission. wyatt s service to centre has been recognized with a number of awards. he was the first recipient of the young alumnus award from the centre college national alumni association. he has received the charles kirk award in recognition of outstanding teaching, as well as the david hughes memorial award for extraordinary leadership in the life of the college. he has also twice received the c. eric mount award, presented by the student government association to the faculty member who makes the greatest contributions to student life outside the classroom. wyatt holds a b.a. from centre and m.a. and ph.d. degrees from the university of kentucky. he is married to lobie stone, also a centre college alumna. file last updated:
__label__non_math	0.9998	your right to make decisions about medical treatment is important - and both federal and state law, and the centers for medicaid and medicare require that hospitals pay attention to your wishes. the following information is only an overview. we recommend you discuss medical decisions and your wishes with your physician, family members, friends, and lawyer. please refer to the websites listed below for additional information. documenting your medical decisions and wishes about medical treatment through a written advance directive is the best way to ensure your wishes are recognized and followed. what is an advance directive? in colorado, there are three types of documents that are recognized by the laws of the state of colorado and qualify as "advance medical directives". those three documents are: cpr directives, living wills, and medical durable power of attorney mdpoa . each of those documents assist health care providers with information regarding your wishes for medical treatment should you be unable to make decisions at the time treatment is needed. colorado cpr directive a colorado cpr directive is a document that is signed by both you and your doctor that indicates your desire not to have cardiopulmonary resuscitation initiated should your breathing stop or heart stop beating. this type of directive is usually used by individuals who are elderly who are living with chronic illnesses or individuals who have critical, life threatening or terminal illnesses. a living will is a document that has written instructions that state your wishes regarding artificial life support if you have a terminal condition or are in a persistent vegetative state and are unable to tell your doctors what you would want regarding medical treatment. medical durable power of attorney a mdpoa is a document you sign naming someone to make your healthcare decisions if and when you are not able to do so. the person you name is called your healthcare agent. are there any other documents recognized in colorado that will inform healthcare providers of my wishes for medical treatment? yes - a most document medical orders for scope of treatment this form is a page, sided document that summarizes in check-box style choices for key life-sustaining treatments including cpr, general scope of treatment, antibiotics, and artificial nutrition and hydration. for each type of treatment, you may refuse treatment, request full treatment, or specify limitations. the most is primarily intended for use by chronically or seriously ill persons in frequent contact with healthcare providers, or already living in a nursing facility. it is completed by you or your authorized decision maker along with a healthcare provider who can explain what each of the choices mean. then it is signed by you or your agent proxy and a physician, advanced practice nurse or physician's assistant. when it is signed, it becomes a medical order set, not an advance directive. the most is honored in any setting: hospital, clinic, day surgery, long term care facility, assisted living residence, hospice, or at home. to access the most form, visit the colorado advanced directives website. see the section on "important questions" for answers.
__label__non_math	1.0000	enjoy lake travis living at it's best here in this lovely waterfront home.with a littleover of an acre about 100 feet of lake frontage you will enjoy the best texas has to offer w a little extra space. this home boasts a large gourmet kitchen w stainlesssteel high end appl, exotic granite counters and gorgeous lighting. enjoy your morning coffee in the breakfast nook or outside on the covered balcony..either way you won't miss out on the view the single family detached located at watercliffe dr, lago vista, tx is currently for sale. watercliffe dr is listed for ,295,000. this property has bedrooms, full bathrooms, and approximately ,691 square feet. if the property located at watercliffe dr, lago vista, tx isn't what you're looking for, search texas real estate to see other houses for sale in leander.
__label__non_math	0.9999	large bedroom bath home in charming edenvale community. there is another bonus space that could also be used as a bedroom. completely remodeled with quality materials. kitchen includes granite counters, large gas range, stainless appliances. bathroom features decorative tile and attractive fixtures. near edenvale community center and great oaks park. gleaming hardwood floors. crown molding. the single family detached located at 352 armed ct, san jose, ca is currently for sale. 352 armed ct is listed for . this property has bedrooms, full bathrooms, and approximately ,949 square feet. if the property located at 352 armed ct, san jose, ca isn't what you're looking for, search california real estate to see other houses for sale in san jose.
__label__math	0.8693	guaranteed lowest price. we re so confident that we have the best prices that if you find a better price, we ll beat it by . click here for details no order is too small how can we help? we're available try it you'll like it earning your trust safe and secure
__label__non_math	0.9997	the changing landscape of financial services: same street, new guardrails? george washington university center for law, economics finance h st. nw washington, d.c. the dodd-frank act is the most far-reaching piece of financial services legislation enacted since the great depression. the gwu center for law, economics and finance's second annual financial regulatory reform symposium will assess the likely impacts of this massive ,300-plus page law, focusing especially on the areas of consumer protection, the regulation of large, complex, "too big to fail" financial institutions, and whether the act adequately addresses the causes of the recent financial crisis, did not go far enough, or perhaps went too far. as part of the symposium, cepr co-director dean baker participated in a panel discussion with scott g. alvarez, general counsel, board of governors of the federal reserve system, washington, d.c.; v. gerard comizio, partner at paul, hastings, janofsky walker llp; and stephen labaton, an adviser at goldman sachs.
__label__non_math	1.0000	catherine is an interspecies psychic reader, flower essence consultant and reiki master. she started her professional life as a college professor of french. after ten years of teaching french human to human communication , she turned to interviewing guests on her radio and television talk shows more communication top psychics new york: each new york psychic listed on the top has been hand-picked for the quality of their readings, their reliability and customer satisfaction. top psychic new york is provided as a free service to the new york psychic and metaphysical community intended to connect you, the consumer, with a professional new york psychic you can feel good about. she has been writing a weekly pet psychic column for the waterfront journal since april . she also serves as a consultant for several hudson county, nj rescue organizations. in her spare time, catherine writes for the theater. catherine is listed in esoteric guide to new york: and in penelope smith's international directory of animal communicators under new york : catherine is a member of the association for research enlightenment a.r.e. , the dramatists guild, the french institute alliance fran aise, and the appalachian mountain club amc . "healing hearts" is my newsletter dealing with pets and spirituality. the first issue-january february -is now on line. click here: "healing hearts"the second issue-march april -is now on line. click here:
__label__non_math	1.0000	"we want to design websites people use, not websites people look at" "web users spend of their time viewing the left half of the page and viewing the right half" "apple s decision to omit flash from the ipad isn t about revenge, it s about delivering a stable platform" "good art is interpreted good design is understood" "people don t just visit your website, they experience it" international bar complex philippines - client's brief project information: a coyote club in the philippines. only for gentlemen who needs to be entertained. pretty cool 'disco' flash effect on the homepage, must check it out. - destination url: - cha-ching group co., ltd.
__label__non_math	0.9923	item : border print jacketdress by r m richards : this two-piece set features a black scoopneck dress with printed trim at the waist and gussets at the hem for a touch of flare. the cropped printed jacket is framed in black and has a button closure at the neck. - sleeveless dress - jacket with -length sleeves - polyester spandex; polyester lining; hand wash - 40 " dress; " jacket
__label__non_math	0.9996	item : ribbed babydoll sweater: a classic you'll wear for seasons to come, this sweater has proven to be an all-time customer favorite. the soft knit top is ribbed from the waist up for a flattering babydoll style. - machine wash - " long buy for .each
__label__non_math	1.0000	- congress extends implementation date of final rule governing gift cards - new federal regulation of retail gift cards - report: small uptick in august sales - ensuring pci dss compliance without going broke or sacrificing your customers experience - exits and acquisitions: key concepts for successful deals bentonville, ark. -- walmart will offer holders of its gift cards, credit cards and prepaid debit cards a discount on gasoline of up to cents a gallon until . the program will offer shoppers using a walmart gift card a -cents-per-gallon discount. those who use a walmart moneycard or walmart credit card will save cents per gallon. the discounts will be available at more than ,000 murphy usa and wal-mart gas stations in states. last year, walmart offered customers including those who paid with its branded credit or money cards a -cents-per-gallon discount. last year's promotion ran from june through christmas eve.
__label__non_math	0.9996	boss' b7401 is beautifully upholstered with ultra soft and durable caressoft upholstery. executive high-back styling comes with extra lumbar support. features padded armrests covered with caressoft upholstery, solid -inch nylon base with casters, hooded double wheel casters for easy movement, pneumatic gas lift provides instant height adjustment, and adjustable tilt tension that assures the right reclining tension. comes with a six-year limited manufacturer's warranty. - caresoft vinyl - adjustable seat height control - adjustable tilt tension control - six-year limited manufacturer's warranty weight capacity: 250 sit duration: hours meets or exceeds ansi bifma standards: yes dimensions: view specs guide overall: ."w x ."-."h x ."d seat: ."-."h x ."w x ."d day return policy submit purchase orders if you are in any way dissatisfied with a product order, we will exchange it, replace it, or refund your money. restrictions may apply. click here to read our day returns guarantee. we accept purchase orders chairhero accepts puchase orders from institutions, universities, government, and corporate entities. you can email purchase orders to firstname.lastname or fax to 858-408- . click here boss office products is a reliable manufacturer of value oriented office seating. they specialize in manufacturing low price, good quality office chairs for the budget consumer. their portfolio of products ranges from leather office chairs to ergonomic chairs, all within the budget price range. our opinion: we like boss. they make good stuff at a good price. a solid budget chair line, especially their leather office chairs. good budget priced values.
__label__non_math	0.9999	a race review of the lost sierra endurance run 50k and my stay at the chalet view lodge by ben tedore, guest blogger. the race i heard about a running race that was being organized high in the sierra sometime in the fall. the distance was going to be kilometers or miles. read more chalet view lodge, llc post office graeagle, ca 530 832- fax 530 832- toll free 800 510- all contents chalet view lodge.
__label__non_math	1.0000	anyone purchasing our training programmes receives one month free access to all the benefits of being a championseverywhere coached athlete . after this trial period you can renew your benefits by purchasing an upgrade plan on our become a coached athlete page coming soon . the below benefits are only the beginning, we will continue to expand our membership benefit offerings over the coming months and years. coached athlete membership must be active at the time of purchase of any of the services below to benefit from the discounts. training programme discounts - . off additional training programmes training programme support - full email support for the full duration of your coached athlete package with our coaches - dedicated support webpage on our website - unlimited customisations and changes to your training programme - recovery assessment on a weekly basis with advice on how to restructure training as needed using our athlete weekly evaluation questionnaire - advice on best races to enter as part of your build-up - evaluation of your training improvement and recommendations for next steps by end of programme product and service discounts - . discount on all products and services offered by championseverywhere - advance notice on all events we hold with limited numbers available partner service discounts - discount on vo2max lactate threshold testing price: 105.. normal price: 120 - dxa body composition scan price: .. normal price: . - strength and conditioning test and assessment price: . - nutritional consultation price: . - referrals discount for championseverywhere athletes normal price: for classes - discount on myoreflex therapy session
__label__non_math	1.0000	london based photographer spencer murphy has just updated his website and it is full of so many amazingly beautiful images it was virtually impossible to choose only one for a blog post. this enormously talented photographer is currently accepting commissions and lecturing on photography at university college falmouth. he has contributed to several publications, including the guardian weekend, the sunday telegraph seven magazine, the new statesman, rolling stone magazine, gq and dazed and confused, wired and monocle. he has exhibited throughout europe and north america and was named as one of the hyeres festival s emerging photographers of . he was included in the national portrait gallery photographic portrait prize now taylor wessing exhibition in , and . his work has since been acquired for the npg s pemanent collection.
__label__non_math	0.9999	priceline has agreed to buy travel price comparison engine kayak in a .billion cash-and-stock deal. the deal values kayak, which went public less than four months ago, at 500 million cash and .billion in equity and assumed stock options. kayak shares closed thursday at ., but shot up in after-hours trading after the priceline deal was announced. priceline shares dropped after hours. kayak and priceline are both based in norwalk, conn., but priceline said it will operate kayak as an independent subsidiary, run by kayak's current management team. pending shareholder and regulatory approvals, the companies expect the transaction to close in early . kayak "has world class technology and a tradition of innovation in building great user interfaces," priceline ceo jeffery boyd said in a prepared statement. launched eight years ago, kayak made its mark in the crowded travel space with a "metasearch" engine that lets shoppers easily compare prices for flights, hotels and rental cars across many different vendors. priceline's past acquisitions include european hotel bookings website booking.com, u.k. car rentals site traveljigsaw and asia-pacific bookings site agoda.com. kayak is the first major u.s. acquisition in priceline's -year history. "priceline is probably among the best acquirers in internet history," said rafat ali, founder of travel news and information site skift. "booking.com turned out to be among the best acquisitions ever." kayak was an early pioneer in the travel field and drew attention for its innovative approach, such as requiring all of its employees, including its programmers, to field customer service calls. it has lately faced intensifying competition from giants like microsoft's bing travel, and google, which snapped up airline search company ita. it's also being challenged by upstarts like hipmunk, which stole some of kayak's thunder with a widely praised search interface. kayak also on thursday released its third-quarter results. the company reported net income of .million, up from a year ago.
__label__non_math	1.0000	walker proposes million for mental health service funding will be part of state budget gov. scott walker said he will propose increasing funding for mental health services across wisconsin by million. walker told the annual meeting of the wisconsin counties association on wednesday that he's been looking into the state's mental health needs, but the effort took on added urgency following mass shootings in the state and across the country. walker said he will propose the funding in his two-year state budget to be introduced feb. . he said the money will go into expanding services statewide that currently are only offered in some counties. that includes coordinated mental health care for juveniles, comprehensive care designed to reduce hospitalizations and additional inpatient treatment units at the mendota mental health institute. "what it's really about are lives, not only those that i mentioned, the stories they tell and the idea that not only are we helping them, we're helping ourselves because as they become more productive citizens and are able to handle the health issues that face them, we're able to give them the care. hopefully through these expanded efforts we'll be able to do it in all parts and all counties of the state of wisconsin," walker said. walker said he feels mental health is an area that's often overlooked. state lawmakers are also adding to the effort. assembly speaker robin vos, r- rochester, announced a bipartisan task force to examine issues with mental health. "like the governor who made an announcement today, we recognize that the current system for treating those with mental illness is not getting the job done," vos said. "here's an opportunity to bring people together to really address it. stigma is the no. reason people don't seek treatment, and if we can do something to address that it will be great," said rep. sandy pasch, d-shorewood. mental health advocates said all of this is a step in the right direction. "i think the state's investments and both republicans and democrats working together on this issue goes a long way to reducing the stigma for people with mental illness, because we're saying this is something we should be providing support to people, we should be investing in people and children early on as opposed to sending them to the emergency room or corrections," said lisa pugh, of disability rights wisconsin. lawmakers said they were generally supportive of the governor's new funding for mental health. pasch said she hoped the governor would also take additional federal medicaid funds to help those with mental illness.
__label__non_math	0.9993	benfica and 'the curse of bela guttmann' vienna, austria. . a man weeps by a grave. he lowers his head and murmurs a few quiet words. he sits awhile, glances intently at the writing on the headstone, he uses the palm of his hand to wipe away the dirt. his eyes glaze over with a look of hopelessness, almost pleading for something to happen. nothing happens. the man rises, turns and leaves. that night he gets his answer -- the curse lives on. when benfica's players walk out at barcelona's camp nou on wednesday, more than years since the club's last appearance in a european cup final, they will face a formidable task. not only must they overcome the magical lionel messi and his teammates in order to reach the last of this season's competition, but they must also bury the famous curse. bela guttmann's curse. a condemnation that even the prayers of his famous protege eusebio could not lift that day in vienna. "every year when benfica plays in the champions league, they try to get rid of the curse," portuguese journalist jose carlos soares told cnn. "any time that benfica play near guttmann's grave, somebody will take flowers. it hasn't worked." even in death, guttmann is determined to have his own way -- much to the anguish of a club he left in anger after taking it to the peak of european football in the early 1960s. a charismatic and sometimes eccentric genius, guttmann revolutionized football during a coaching career which spanned jobs in different countries before he passed away in , aged . born into a jewish family in budapest in , guttmann, like his parents, became a trained dance instructor before switching his focus to football. after becoming part of the mtk hungaria side which won the league title in and , guttmann left for vienna following the rise of anti-semitism under miklos horthy's regime. it was here, among the austrian intelligentsia, that he flourished, taking in the political and literary debates in vienna's coffee-house society. there he joined the exclusively jewish football club hakoah wien, where he won the league title in as well as winning four caps for hungary. after traveling on a tour to the u.s. with hakoah, guttmann decided to stay put in new york only to lose a considerable amount of money in the wall street crash. that forced the nomadic traveler to move on once again, first back to vienna where he took on a coaching role with hakoah before joining dutch side sc enschede. but guttmann's life, like those of so many other jews, was turned on its head during the rise of hitler in europe and the holocaust which killed six million people. "guttmann was hugely talented," says leading football writer jonathan wilson, author of the book "outsider: a history of the goalkeeper." "he was tactically very astute but also very awkward and difficult," wilson told cnn. "he was very quick to take offense. "the central theme with guttmann is the war. we don't know how he survived it, and the fact he skips over it in his book could mean one of two things. "did he feel guilty for surviving or did he compromise himself to stay alive? "or, perhaps it was that the memories were just too painful to share and that the loss of so many of his loved ones meant he didn't speak about it. "he was hugely successful but there was something tragic about him, which probably comes from that time." while family members, including a brother, perished in concentration camps, guttmann escaped to switzerland where he was held in internment. it wasn't until the end of the war in that he returned to football, this time in romania. it was here, in with club side ciokanul, that he demanded to be paid in vegetables at a time when famine was a growing problem. while parsnips and carrots were gratefully received, guttmann's relationship with the board was never a particularly healthy one. when a club director began to interfere in team selection, guttmann finally lost patience. his fiery temper and attitude of "my way or the highway" earned him plenty of attention, especially from the media. following spells with padova and triestina in italy, boca juniors and quilmes in argentina and apoel nicosia in cyprus, guttmann hit the big time with ac milan in . his team led the serie a table after games in his second season, only for another run-in with the board to curtail his tenure. "i have been sacked, even though i am neither a criminal nor a homosexual," he told a shocked press conference. "goodbye." years later, on his first day as the manager of benfica, he fired players before leading the club to the portuguese title. "he was an incredible man," wilson said. "did he become a parody of himself? did he do those kind of things because people expected it? "i don't know. but it was clear that he never wanted to stay in one place for long, he was always moving. "that could have been because of the war, but also because he was looking for the next pay check." it was in portugal, after a successful spell in south america, that guttmann really secured his legacy, securing back-to-back european cups with benfica in and . it was the first time that any club other than real madrid had won the competition. during his time in brazil with sao paulo between and , where he won the league title before moving to porto, guttmann introduced the --system which brazil used at the world cup. it was a system that laid the groundwork for the great brazil sides to establish themselves as masters of the beautiful game. guttmann had taken some inspiration from the great gustav sebes, the man who coached the "magnificent magyars" in the 1950s. under sebes, also of jewish descent, hungary became the first nation to defeat england on its home soil, winning -in before reaching the world cup final the following year. from until the hungarian revolution in , the national team won games, drew seven and lost just once --- in the world cup final against west germany. sebes preferred a ---formation which allowed ferenc puskas, the great hungarian striker, to thrive alongside the precociously talented nandor hidekuti. that slowly changed to the --formation which would inspire benfica to european and domestic glory. "i never minded if the opposition scored, because i always thought we could score another," guttmann once said. his thirst for innovation and his psychology degree, which he earned in his younger days, helped him become a leading figure in man-management and a master tactician. at benfica, it was the arrival of eusebio which allowed guttmann to play mario coluna in a deeper position and unleash one of the most attacking teams of the era. benfica defeated barcelona -in berne in the european cup final before coming from behind to beat then five-time winners real madrid -the following year. but where there was triumph, disaster was never far away. "from the moment he arrived in portugal, bela guttman's relationship with benfica was destined to be complex," says portuguese football expert ben shave. "after the second european cup victory, guttman approached the recently-elected president antonio carlos cabral fezas vital with what seemed an eminently reasonable request -- a pay rise. "vital chose to turn guttman down, whereupon the hungarian departed with what has become a well-worn parting shot: a simple declaration that benfica would not win another european cup. "guttman's curse has proved painfully prophetic -- the aguias have lost five european cup finals since, in , , , , ." remembered for his uncompromising attitude, his innovation on the field and his nomadic existence, guttmann's story gained further resonance following the emergence of portuguese coach jose mourinho, a european champion with porto in and inter milan in after beginning his career with a brief spell at benfica. "guttman's prickly personality and relentless pursuit of success have led to comparisons with mourinho in some quarters," shave told cnn. "what is certainly true is that both left benfica in unfortunate fashion, and both departures became matters of considerable regret for the club. "the results of guttman's 'curse' have been well documented, whilst presidential candidate manuel vilarinho's stated wish to replace mourinho with club legend toni following the elections led to 'the special one' taking his talents elsewhere. "in a similar scenario to that which led to guttman's tenure coming to an end, mourinho approached vilarinho with a contract extension request shortly after his election and a -win over sporting , which was denied. "vilarinho's opponents have dined out on that mistake since." for benfica's present players, it is up to them to earn redemption and finally close the book on guttmann's curse.
__label__non_math	0.9899	by tom comi one of the toughest things about watching tv is determining how many episodes you are willing to give a new show before deciding if you are going to add it to your coveted weekly viewing calendar. that s the dilemma i am currently facing with the comedy mr. sunshine tonight, et . i ve always been a fan of both matthew perry and allison janney, so i was excited when abc announced that they were appearing together in show about the folks who run the day-to-day operations at a sports entertainment arena. i would be lying, however, if i didn t admit that i have yet to find the comedy in the first few episodes of this situation-comedy. delivering one-liners was perry s calling card on friends, but his delivery seems forced and awkward in this new venture. and janney, who we all remember as cerebral white house spokesperson c.j. cregg on the west wing, comes off as kind of a buffoon in her portrayal as the arena owner. you would think there would be a ton of great plot ideas for a show that revolves around a facility that hosts everything from sporting events to the circus to rock concerts. sadly, that has yet to be the case early on. that said, i do understand that new sitcoms need some time to establish their characters and storylines, so i am willing to endure a few more episodes to allow the cast, writers and director to work out the kinks and find their stride. in tonight s episode, perry s character ben who runs the arena tries to get to know his employees better in order to establish a better working relationship. this sounds like it has the potential to be pretty humorous, so this is one borderline fan who is hoping they pull it off. if they don t, i d say there is only a -percent chance that mr. sunshine will be in my -day outlook. credit: bob d amico abc
__label__non_math	1.0000	enable your channel partners for social media marketing success more and more vendors are realizing the value of social media to enable their channel partners sales success. whether from a social media marketing webinar or workshop channel professionals are spending time and energy to help their partners understand how to use social media and where to get great content to share. these resources are a great jumping off point to get your partners using social media to push your products and services, but what happens after the training? do partners really have the time to find that great content? social media automation platforms are an excellent way for your partners to manage the task of staying on top of their social media. with all of the platforms out there, it can be difficult to choose one. we reached out to four platforms: gaggleamp, socialize your stuff, structuredweb, and socialondemand, to help you decide which best fit your needs. here s what they had to say: what s your value proposition? - gaggleamp empowers organizations to leverage their stakeholders employees, partners, resellers and customers to easily share social media messages that are curated by the organization. - socialize your stuff uses content and social newsletters to help channel partners generate loyalty and engagement from their customers. socialize your stuff has a unique application that helps channel partners gain access to great content from their vendors, find other third party content from google, bing searches, blog and rss feeds, youtube channels, or easily create, format, and schedule out content of their own. - structuredweb manages social marketing posts and performance tracking for multiple partners at the same time, provides custom branded landing pages for each partners post, on the social networks linkedin, facebook, twitter and soon google . - socialondemand helps vendors drive channel revenue sales by enabling them to syndicate social media content via their channel partners and other sales intermediaries leveraging the social network presence of their channel partners and the trust that already exists between these partners and the partners followers. who is your primary client? who is your secondary client? - gaggleamp s primary client is the marketing organization within a company. our secondary client is the agencies that run social media for the companies. - socialize your stuff s primary client are channel partners, we help them to find and tag the right content most efficiently. our secondary client is the original equipment manufacturer oems , we help them provide great content, keeping to their core message that their channel partners will want to send to end-customers. - structuredweb s primary clients are vendors and their channel partners worldwide. - socialondemand s primary clients are global it vendors whom are very channel-centric. we also target it distributors who can offer this content syndication platform service as a great value-add offering to their suppliers vendors and customers partners . how do you differentiate yourself from other platforms? - gaggleamp combines amplification with rich analytics while making it easy to use for both the company and its stakeholders to use and share messages. - socialize your stuff has tightly integrated the email newsletter social newsletter aspect of the program. we have an integrated approach to social and email marketing. - structuredweb enables management and tracking of social marketing campaign for many channel partners simultaneously. - socialondemand is specifically designed for social media syndication it is not a marketing automation tool re-engineered for social media. socialondemand is extremely simple to use for both vendors and partners in the united states and globally. how do you differentiate yourself with b2b clients vs. b2c? - gaggleamp focus on what type of stakeholders a company has. universally, employee gaggles work for b2b and b2c. b2b will more likely have defined reseller channels that will benefit from centralized social media distribution. - socialize your stuff s b2b clients are focused on loyalty and engagement where the engagement stems from great content. for b2c clients we want to increase awareness of the brand and the solution. for a b2c company, we provide a promotion engine that offers consumers an incentive to share and talk about a brand in a positive manner. - structredweb focuses exclusively on b2b clients. - socialondemand does not differentiate b2b from b2c. as long as vendors have channel partners, whether b2b or b2c channels, they can use socialondemand. we hope you have found this brief overview helpful. all of the platforms were responsive to our inquiry and we encourage you to reach out to the four platforms with additional questions. what other platforms have you seen or been using?
__label__non_math	0.9992	apple staff have been told to cancel all leave for the first two weeks in october which would appear to confirm industry talk that the arrival of the iphone is imminent. al gore, apple board member and self appointed eco-warrior, poured fuel on market speculation that the next generation phone is about to launch earlier this week at an event in south africa. but closer to home, sources familiar with the situation told el reg that senior management had informed uk staffers of the temporary holiday freeze for the "first two weeks of october". samsung may try to ban the iphone in europe as the patent wars between the tech giants continues. channel sources reckon apple will experience huge demand and that shortages are likely. although more factories are producing the phones for apple, a dearth of some components means there may be a problem in the completion of the latest jesus phones.
__label__non_math	0.9997	health, science medicine less info 145 views find out just how much drinking alcohol can affect your diet, weight loss and health goals less info 114 views butt toning shoes are all the rage but do they really lift, tone and kick some ass? find out in this fit life with a fitness product review of the skecher toneups sandals. fit life promo codes: eastbay promo code: affitl15 - off any purchase skechers tone ups electric slide black footwear less info views using a medicine ball allows you to workout in a smaller space and mix up your routine. discount codes: eastbay promo code: affitl15 - save off your next athletic shoes and apparel less info views we continue the hotel workout series by working the lower body. this butt and thigh exercise can be done anywhere less info 112 views when the world is at its worst, will you be fit to fight? here are exercises you need to practice to have the fitness survival skills in case of a natural disaster. learn more about the discovery channels' the colony social experiment at jointhecolony.com health and fitness tips, videos and recipes at withamymac.com less info views when dining out and sometimes at home foods that should be healthy can really help you pack on the pounds. in this fit life, i give you tips to make sure your salads stay healthy and your diet stays intact less info views we continue the hotel workout series with an ab exercise less info views one of the easiest ways to burn calories is walking less info views travel is no longer an excuse to skip your workout less info views restaurants are full of temptation and diet sabotages. plus, you always feel like you can splurge when you meet up with friends or are out to celebrate an occasion. instead of worrying or spending the next day feeling guilty, i've got tips to help keep you on track when you are eating at restaurants. thrifty car rental discount code less info views try this stability ball exercise to work your stomach, back, butt, arms and balance less info views what are the real benefits of organic foods? which foods should you splurge for the organic versions? common knowledge tells you that pesticides and chemicals in your food is bad news. however, organic food is expensive and is all of it really worth the price? watch this fit life now to find out the real organic food benefits, as well as the best organic foods for your household less info views if you are looking for an ab workout that you can do at home and at the gym. grab your stability ball and do this crunch less info views sometimes you have a sniffle, sometimes you have a terrible cough, you know that illness is just around the corner but should you squeeze in last workout? if you do end up sick, check out these foods that can help to make you better: fight the flu eharmony coupon code eastbay discount codes less info views squats can be difficult if you have knee issues. one way to get around a minor knee issue is to use a ball against the wall for squats. this helps you to focus putting your weight on your heels, thus reducing the chance of bothering your knees. never squat lower than degrees and make sure to keep the stomach squeezed and the shoulders back less info views eating fiber has become trendy in the last year and yet, some people don't even know why it's important. in this fit life, we are going to discuss the reasons for eating fiber, how much fiber to eat and where you can get it. discount codes: get some new workout shoes at eastbay
__label__non_math	0.9998	this page contains cheats for rampage: world tour organized by sections for playstation . rampage: world tour is a action general game made by midway released on and published by sony online entertainment. if you can't find a hint or secret in our list, then please check this page periodically for the latest updates. rampage: world tour playstation cheats cheats and codes enter the code for the respective character after the jumbo jet ride before the world tour begins...from: lettie at any time you return to a u.s. city after taking a world tour, hold down and press jump, jump, jump when playing as george; hold down and press punch, punch, punch, when playing as lizzy; or hold do...from: hende003 when in philadelphia, carbondale, and honolulu, press jump, jump when playing as george; punch, punch when playing as lizzy; or kick, kick when playing as ralph....from: lilpatrick11 when in every fourth city in a world tour and london, kiev, casablanca, and rio hold jump when playing as george, punch when playing as lizzy; or kick when playing as ralph....from: zaldomonique hold up, then press jump, jump, jump when playing as george after the jumbo jet ride before the world tour. hold up, then press punch, punch, punch when playing as lizzy. hold up, then press kick, kic...from: carolannr accumulate 100,000 points during game play....from: xxx3 need help? use this part for all your questions no registration needed be as descriptive as you can when asking your question view all latest videos
__label__non_math	0.9980	info: your browser does not accept cookies. to put products into your cart and purchase them you need to enable cookies. match holder with chain for models , and 4000patio pro model outlaw model the char-griller outlaw doesn't break the law it makes new laws. the outlaw provides sq. in. of bbq grilling and smoking space. add the side fire box for great texas style smoking. - ,038 square inch grill area - cast iron cooking grates for even heating - large round legs for sturdy support - easily add coals without removing the entire grate - adjustable grate height for temperature control - heat gauge - easy cleanup with the easy dump ash pan - keep your food warm with the added warming rack - convenience shelves - side fire box for that texas smoke flavor optional - heavy steel construction provides years of durability - powder coat finish for long lasting color - uses char-griller cover model number actual product may vary slightly from photo.
__label__non_math	0.9999	charice with co-stars kevin james, salma hayek and producer adam sandler attended the upcoming film here comes the boom premiere held at amc lincoln square on tuesday, october , in new york city. continue reading at last we have news about charice i m charice and i play as malia dela cruz, she s a filipino student and she s a brainiac, musical genius. watch the full video below and listen to what charice has to say: charice was the special guest for the west coast dance explosion s final showdown gala last at mirage hotel, las vegas. she performed some songs from her infinity tour setlist a cover of without you , whitney houston s i will always love you and saving all my love for you and her own louder . november update: videos added so after hurricane sandy hit new york and east coast in general, charice finally found her way out of the big apple on her way to honolulu check last minute tickets here: ticketmaster or even herefrontrowking to watch the most talented woman in the world. don t we all agree? after a successful infinity concert tour in dubai, singapore, philippines, indonesia, hong kong, japan and south korea last march , charice is back to do another one in hawaii. the concert will be held at neal s blaisdell arena, honolulu, hawaii on at . continue reading charice filmed a comedy movie here comes the boom last year and finally a trailer has been released. are you excited to see her on the big screen? charice plays malia dela cruz, a high school student. kevin james plays scott voss, a biology teacher who tries to save the school s music program by raising money through moonlighting as a mixed martial arts fighter. salma hayek and henry winkler also join james in this hilarious movie. charice can be seen in different scenes in the trailer: sitting in class, watching and cheering in a crowd, dancing, and playing the piano. here s another version of the trailer: this movie will be shown on . check this listing for the release date in your country. charice is back in california as one of the guest performers for abs cbn s para sa inyo kapamilya at home depot center. fresh from the philippines for the taping of x factor straight to carson where she sang before it explodes , adele s someone like you , saving all my love for you a duet with cheesa and lastly her own song louder . continue reading the show in daly city where charice was scheduled to perform has been postponed and or canceled. to our filipino friends, ticket holders, artists: with much regret, the two concerts on nov. 18th in los angeles, and nov. 19th in daly city, are being postponed. artist magic entertainment had contracted with a third party broker for several of the best filipino artists to perform at both concerts, including: anne curtis, cristine reyes, mark bautista, and bayani agbayani. while we at artist magic paid the performance fees to this third party as contracted, something fell apart and these incredible artists will not be making the trip to the united states to perform as expected. while it is unclear exactly what happened, it is clear they are not coming. we will work with the artists managers to arrange for the postponed concerts. we anticipate resolving any issues and offering these shows in february or march of next year. we intend to work directly with the artists managers to ensure we can provide quality programs for our filipino community. as for myself and on behalf of my entire team at ame365.com, we would like to apologize for not being able to provide our filipino friends and ticket holders with these promising shows, and also to apologize to the artists for not providing a platform for them to perform in front of their adoring fans. we also sincerely apologize to both charice and dan hill who were both ready to perform. it is extremely sad to have to delay two beautiful concerts, but we certainly are looking forward to the new shows in . meanwhile, tickets may be refunded from the outlets where they were purchased. executive producers this saturday, november 19th, charice would be the special main act at a thanksgiving eve event, the handog pasasalamat unity concert , to be held at the cow palace in daly city, california. it is scheduled to begin at , and end at . this is part of a special two-city event, with the other one to occur at los angeles a day ahead without charice . general admission months and up must have a ticket it s been a decade since the world trade center terrorist attacks happened, and even though the feelings of loss and fear still lingers over ground zero, it doesn t mean we ll just try to forget it. no matter how you look at it, is a historic event that should be remembered for the way that it changed lives. and this year, the nfl opening season games will include multiple tributes to honor the anniversary of the fall of the twin towers. charice will headline events in florida during the nfl match between the jacksonville jaguars and the tennessee titans. she is slated to sing the star spangled banner at opening and god bless america during the halftime show. watch below, with great reviews of her performance charice performed in front of a packed group to usher in the start of the nfl season on the -year anniversary of -. this performance clearly meant a lot to the singer, who even tweeted about her feelings prior to singing for the nfl opener. she said: big day. i need prayers. those prayers must have helped because charice s voice was flawless as she took on the star spangled banner , with service members standing by as two jets flew overhead. it was a beautiful way to pay tribute to those who lost their lives ten years ago, as well as to honor the us military incredible performance. story here just try to keep from crying during charice s two performances. we dare you in a reportedly stunning separate performance of the national anthem sunday, singer charice afterward tweeted, shaking crying one more performance, ahead of singing god bless america, ..afterward... i m done charice is not a stranger to these two songs. she has already performed the united states national anthem in a dodgers opening game to much critical acclaim; and for god bless america , she performed this during the martin luther king awards in washington d.c., one of the pre-inaugural events for president obama in january, . you can watch these two performances below: star spangled banner god bless america if you want to watch charice sing live on , you can buy tickets to the game here. for those who prefer watching in the comfort of their homes, be sure to tune in to cbs at about noon or in the afternoon, est. charice will sing star spangled banner during the tribute before the start of the game, while she ll sing god bless america during the half-time break. charice is still busy with creating the perfect follow-up to her hit self-titled debut album, charice . the new singles that she released this year like louder and one day are perfect for the younger audience that she s trying to attract to her music. but older fans are not left out because powerful songs like before it explodes and lost the best thing still showcase the powerful voice that charice has. songwriter producer jd walker it looks like charice s camp is not satisfied yet with these four new singles and they re continuing to record more songs. fans might be a little impatient for the release date of charice s sophomore album, but be thankful that they re not rushing anything and instead, they re making sure that charice and her fans only get the best. and the best is what we ll get for sure because charice has worked with topnotch songwriters and music producers for her second album. from jim beanz, claude kelly, to the jackie boyz, and now, jd walker. he also included a photo where you could see the three of them in the studio, plus you could see charice cuddling her cute dog: jd walker is a hit songwriter famous for his work with auburn and iyaz for the billboard hot 100 song, la la la . he is a native of los angeles but also lived in the west indies and jamaica, which helped diversify his musical taste. walker is also labeled as an urban-pop songwriter producer, so his preference for fast dance beats is perfect for the sound that charice is going for in her new album. it s been a day since charice impressed the tweens, teens, and adults in las vegas with her amazing voice and strong stage presence. reactions to the aug. end of summer block party by kluc are positive overall based on a lot of tweets. those who didn t get the chance to attend are all busy searching, watching and downloading various videos and photos from the event, which are pouring in non-stop. to make this job easier for you, we ve compiled here in charicemania the must-see photos and the must-watch videos, starting from the pre-concert moments, til charice s four-song performance. here s a summary of what charice did on august for the whole kluc end of summer block party in las vegas: . charice rehearsed on stage at the henderson pavillion. you can see charice in the photo to the left wearing a tailored dark beige jacket with harem-inspired denim pants. this is also the funny photo released by kluc where charice s dog peed on stage. charice also teamed-up with iyaz for a performance of their hit, pyramid . watch the video below as a kluc dj captures them on video: you can also watch the whole pyramid rehearsal video of charice and iyaz here. . charice got interviewed by fox news las vegas the reporter described charice as one of her personal favorites in the intro part. in the interview segment, she also praised charice s look, especially her christian louboutin heels. you can also see charice posing with some kids and teens for a photo. you can watch the autograph signing that charice did for her fans here. meanwhile, enjoy the news interview video below: . charice continued preparing for her performance charice also rehearsed for her other three songs that night: louder, before it explodes, and one day. backstage, charice was interviewed by kluc which they broadcasted over the radio. you can hear the whole interview here. you can see more pre-concert photos of charice below: . performance proper there are more than miles separating los angeles and tokyo which equals to a plane ride of half a day or hours. charice is jetting off to japan right after her teen choice awards stint see her tweet here , so that she ll be able to make it on time for her far as the sky live performance on august . i m sure every chaster out there loves how busy charice is right now, right? continue reading things are starting to pick up for charice s appearances this second half of . from a multi-country concert tour, u.s. and international solo performances to tv show promotions and now, she ll be attending the teen choice awards with the rest of hollywood s teen royalty. charice confirmed her appearance at the awards show with a simple yes through her twitter account. we don t really know if she would have revealed that piece of information if chaster invictus19 didn t ask her directly, so a big thanks to invictus19 s curiosity. here is charice s tweet: continue reading one day to go last year, charice did an amazing five song set at the end of summer block party. according to lafan s detailed concert report here, the audience definitely enjoyed her songs plus the dancing that she did. almost everyone was singing along to her no. hit single, pyramid ft. iyaz. the people of las vegas must have had a really good time during charice s set because they re bringing her back for this year s end of summer block party. .kluc has just announced through their twitter account that charice s addition to the performers list of the concert is now confirmed. continue reading the august issue of j-magazine became available on newsstands last july , and chasters who bought copies were in for a big thrill - as charice was proclaimed the no. hottest girl in j- s hot list. no. on the list is miley cyrus who stole the top spot from selena gomez who got multiple first place finishes in past hot lists . selena is now in the fourth spot below demi lovato, who got third place. while country superstar taylor swift nabbed the fifth spot. continue reading
__label__non_math	0.8224	port charlotte a cape coral man was arrested on tuesday for allegedly stealing a semi-tractor valued at ,000 on oct. , according to the charlotte county sheriff s office. william reed arthur, , of the block of n.w. 20th place, was charged with grand theft of a motor vehicle in connection with the incident. you are currently not logged in by logging in you can see the full story.
__label__non_math	0.9997	the game manager or 49ers event staff for your particular sport will direct you to your designated parking area. if you are directed to a parking lot, please move bus to portion of lot furthest from the field of play to allow fans as many open spaces as possible. dale f. halton arena basketball volleyball parking is available in the cone and west decks per the indications below: men's basketball games - the cone deck is only available for vehicles displaying an athletic foundation parking permit. access for other event fans is in the west deck via the entrance near memorial hall, formerly known as brocker health center. note the union deck beside the student union may be used for overflow parking. volleyball women's basketball games - parking is available in the west deck via the entrance near memorial hall, formerly known as brocker health center. belk track and field center transamerica field track field and soccer parking is available in the west deck via the entrance near memorial hall, formerly known as brocker health center. dl phillips sports complex robert mariam hayes stadium baseball, softball and soccer practice field fans are encouraged to park in the cri deck, lot , union deck or lots to the right of tennis courts shown on map , while the next option for parking is in the west deck. click baseball softball parking for a detailed map. mccoll-richardson field judy w. rose football center football for football game days, all campus parking spots will require a parking permit obtained in advance or purchased that day. the parking lots open hours prior to kick-off. all fans entering campus will need to park in designated parking spots via the following options: - fsl season ticket holder parking permit will be distributed at the fsl seat selection appointment. each permit will identify specific lot and required entry point of campus. - non fsl holders, may purchase a parking permit online for the west and union decks. - fans wishing to pay cash on game day must enter the main university entrance from highway and proceed to the cone parking deck. - faculty and staff with a current parking permit displayed on their vehicle may park in the east deck . - students with a current commuter parking permit displayed on their vehicle may park in lots , 5a and . for a full campus parking map, click campus map please note: the lot deck colors may not correspond with football event parking permits . for non-game day parking allparking and transportation services policies apply for any special event or gathering unless specified otherwise to invited guests. there is no parking, standing, or unloading near the entrance to the wells fargo fieldhouse previously wachovia fieldhouse . please keep traffic flowing and proceed to your designated parking lot. page updated , subject to change without notice.
__label__non_math	1.0000	lenoir police say a driver who struck a vehicle head-on tuesday, resulting in the death of a -year-old man, had consumed alcohol prior to the wreck. jack byron white, , of lenoir, was charged with driving while impaired and felony death by vehicle after the collision. the crash occurred around p.m. tuesday near the intersection of hickory boulevard and ideal drive. police say the preliminary investigation shows that white was traveling northbound on hickory boulevard when his plymouth van crossed into oncoming traffic and struck a chevy blazer driven by donald lee roper. roper and a second man in his car, -year-old howard lee roper, were both taken to caldwell memorial hospital for treatment. but howard roper died from his injuries, police said. white was also taken to the hospital for minor injuries. it was there that officers learned white had consumed alcohol before the wreck. he was arrested after being released from the hospital. police said the crash remains under investigation and more charges are possible.
__label__non_math	0.9994	uladzimir kobiets: saakashvili adopts lukashenka s methods , politics the former political prisoner commented on the tortures in georgian prisons. uladzimir kobiets, the head of andrei sannikov s electoral head quarters, told charter97.org that belarus needs someone like the georgian officer who had documented the tortures of prisoners and made them known to the public. prison is the place where authoritarian rulers solve problems with their opponents and political rivals. unfortunately, something what we would normally hear about belarusian political prisoners, has happened in georgia, who is supposed to be following european integration, the politician said. the information about tortures in the tbilisi prison became publicly known because an employee of the prison fled the country and told about the tortures, published the video with the proof of the humiliations of prisoners. it would have been great if there had been an officer in the belarusian prison system who could do the same, uladzimir kobiets remarked. the information about the tortures in prison led to the dismissal of the georgian interior minister. unfortunately, the proof of tortures of the belarusian political prisoners hasn t led to similar dismissals in belarus. in georgia, disclosed information gives result. but while mikhail saakashvili is talking about moving towards democracy, repressions hide behind his words the former political prisoner emphasized. we welcome the willingness of the georgian people to move towards democracy. but the leaders who use such methods as tortures in prisons, and who choose such friends as lukashenka can lead the nation in a wrong direction. it s a pity that the methods that saakashvili adopted from lukashenka become useful in georgia, uladzimir kobiets said. we remind that after the peaceful demonstration on , against the falsifications of the presidential elections, head of andrei sannikov s electoral head quarters uladzimir kobiets was arrested together with other oppositionists. he was kept in the kgb jail and tortured.
__label__math	0.9723	it s official mortgage rates are headed up. a lot of you might be wondering whether it makes sense to ditch your fixed rate mortgage early in exchange for a new lower rate. after all, even one percentage point can make quite a difference on your monthly payments. for example, going from to , a monthly payment on a ,314.down to 206.a month. sounds like a no-brainer right? but what makes it a tough decision is the prepayment penalty lenders charge when you break your mortgage early. most closed fixed rate mortgages have a penalty that is the higher of . three-months interest or . the interest rate differential ird . the ird is based on the amount you re pre-paying and an interest rate that your lender can charge today when re-lending the funds for the remaining term of the mortgage. click here to calculate what your penalty would be if you break your mortgage. we ve just been through all this and we decided to switch to a lower rate early. our five-year fixed rate mortgage term ends in july. so i called our mortgage broker just before the recent rate hike to see if i could get preapproved and lock into a lower rate with a new provider before july doing this at least gave us the option to switch lenders to the lower rate .
__label__non_math	0.9979	the foundation for educational development, inc. fedi , prairie view university college of engineering, and career communications group, inc., will hold their seventeenth women of color science, technology, engineering, and mathematics stem training event from october to , in dallas, texas. the theme for the conference is "waves of change: oceans of opportunity. the program qualifies as training in compliance with u.s.c. chapter . the training is open to any federal employee, from the gs-through ses level. the training addresses the developmental needs of individuals to support their professional success in federal employment. specifically, the training will provide workshops and seminars in business competencies and skills, including professional savvy, communication techniques, change management, and building successful partnerships. in deciding whether to participate, federal employees and managers are encouraged to review additional conference and training information such as course descriptions, costs, and schedules at the following website: agencies are reminded that reporting of training is governed by cfr 410.601. cc: human resources and equal employment opportunity directors
__label__non_math	0.9997	so i'm at the theater watching some movie i forget what and a trailer comes on for season of the witch. at first, i have no idea what it is, but i do notice that the trailer only takes up the center of the screen. weird, but whatever. i see nicholas cage looking good as always with his long, luxurious, flowing hair and wonder what could this trailer be for? some amazing and not generic at all music comes up and i just know, that whatever it is, this movie is confirmed to be awesome. it has action, the witch i assume asking if nick is scared of her stupid question i might add. his and then an amazing scene of nick screaming passionately in the rain. now i know, this movie has everything. passion? check. rain? check. nicholas cage? double check. the title eventually comes on as the music fades and i'm shown that this instant classic will be titled "the season of the witch". my excitement was at an all time high and then i see "coming soon" as the trailer fades away. at this point fear entered my mind. soon could mean anything from tomorrow to next year. after watching whatever movie i was at the time i believe it was the one where john travolta shaves his head to see how pale it is finishes i rush home to check the internet my current crush when "the season of the witch" will finally be in theaters. she tells me that it will be coming to theaters so here's my question, anyone else incredibly excited to see this film? days and counting until we can
__label__non_math	0.9990	.at anntaylor.com irresistibly soft with a hint of european chalet chic, it's easy to see why this merino wool blend sweater is a winter wardrobe favorite. jewel neck. sleeves. side slits. ribbed neckline, cuffs and hem. .at asos.com be sure to give this as a gift to a freind or yourself this year. we are loving this clutch bag by asos collection. featuring a fold over closure with a gold-tone metal bar detail, a woven, leather-look main and a contrast lining. body: polyurethane lining: polyester a perfect topper over a dress or even jeans. .at nastygirl.com vintage-inspired leopard faux fur coat featuring crop sleeves and a boxy fit. oversized button closures, fully lined. looks amazing tossed over a tight dress or your fave skinnies .at oldnavy.com we love this open mixed pattern cardigan for our fireside holiday gatherings. it is super soft and great for layering.
__label__non_math	0.9917	the character models seem to randomly switch back and forth between very detailed and pixelated messes. even when the graphics engine is performing at peak, easily discernible mistakes like eyes not sitting properly in their sockets indicate areas where a little extra polish would have been appreciated. animations are decent enough, but the enemies often run toward cover inexplicably, causing a drag in movement. on the other hand, the environments and backgrounds, as well as the still imagery of corpses and other disturbing scenes, will burn into your mind and may even cause you to shudder. also, the impressive vistas, looking down on a desolate metropolis placed between mile-high mountains of sand, delivers a spectacle you probably haven't seen in any other game. thankfully, the view is generally accompanied by little audio, save the gusting winds of the ever looming sandstorm. with such visceral visuals portraying the genocide, the silence compliments your personal grievance far better than any music would be able to. every so often, you'll find yourself close to makeshift intercom speakers where a deranged disc jockey comments on the justice of the violence while mixing it up with american rock and roll tracks. never have i been more disturbed with our rock music then when i heard it here; i almost wished i could silence it with my rifle. the incomparable nolan north voices captain walker and does a masterful job with the script. however, with his instantly recognizable voice, i had a hard time not picturing walker as nathan drake, though with more swearing and military jargon. spec ops: the line also comes packed with competitive online multiplayer, with a handful of different modes such as the free-for-all chaos, mutiny team deathmatch , and rally point. buried and uplink are the two objective-based modes with a little more substance, requiring the destruction of vital points in order to reveal the high value target, or controlling a central rally point. however, since combat isn't exactly the highlight of the single-player campaign, multiplayer isn't really worth more than a few quick matches here and there. it does have a leveling system, leaderboards, and unlockables, but they've been done better elsewhere and don't present anything new. despite criticism in all other departments, the gritty story supersedes the game's mediocrity elsewhere, and finally delivers something outside the box. it dives into a disturbing realism that war, racism, and the psychological repercussions that could ensue, going far beyond the dramatic fluff that we've seen in other shooters. the gameplay is decent enough that you won't mind playing through spec ops: the line at least a couple of times to see how different choices affect the conclusion, and the lasting emotional impact you'll likely take away makes this shooter worthy of being placed at the top of your pile. date:
__label__non_math	0.8179	by angelo m. d'argenio persona arena, the newest fighting game by atlus and arc system works, is presented with an interesting challenge. as an arcsys fighter, it has to appeal to the hardcore fighting game crowd that eats frame data, breathes combos, and sweats mind games. however, as a game in the persona franchise, it has to appeal to rpg fans who may have never touched a fighting game in their lives. you'd think that pleasing both groups of fans would be mutually exclusive, but somehow arc pulled it off, creating a truly unique fighting experience unlike anything we have seen before. persona 's gameplay system essentially lets you skip all the low-level fighting game basics that newbies struggle with. for example, you don't have to train yourself to learn simple bread-and-butter combos, because a basic combo-into-super-move can be executed simply by mashing the a button. you also don't have to go through your movelist in order to find the moves that act as invincible reversals or overheads, as both of these are mapped to universal button commands for every character thus allowing newbies to mash them when they are in trouble . the game uses a four-button control scheme, but only two buttons are primarily used. though the game has quarter-circle motions, that's as complicated as the motions get. you won't find half-circles, full-circles, pretzel motions, or even the classic dragon punch motion in this game. you will have to cope with double-quarter-circle motions for supers, which is unfortunate, but it's easy enough to get used to. newbies can literally play the entire game with those simple tools. just block, use the invincible attack to go through opponent's moves, and mash a once you manage to hit the opponent. this allows newbies to play on a level far higher than they would normally be able to. however, if you want to get deeper into the game's systems, there is a ton of depth to explore. the basic buttons are a, b, c, and d. a and b are strong and weak character attacks and c and d are strong and weak persona attacks. a chains to b chains to c, but d generally causes your persona to use some special ability unique to your character. for example, akihiko's persona pulls the opponent in with a vortex, while kanji's persona strikes down lightning bolts a full screen away. crouching attacks can be chained into standing attacks, many attacks can be jump canceled or double-jump canceled, and combinations of buttons will produce special techniques. a and b produce a universal overhead while standing, a sweep while crouching, and a counterattack while blocking. a and c allows you to perform an evasive roll while standing, a mini-jump while crouching, and an aerial turn while jumping. c and d lets you throw, and b and d is the universal invincible attack command. in addition, you can do a universal launcher after an overhead with c and a universal knockback after an overhead with d. but that's not where the systems end. if you press a, c, and d at the same time, you can use one of three different kinds of burst that either breaks an opponent's combo, fills your sp bar, or cancels you out of whatever move you are currently performing. if you press a, b, and c together, then you can use one more cancel to cut off the recovery of your moves to open up combo opportunities. down, down, down c d is the universal command for "instant kill" which takes up 100 units of your sp meter super meter, basically . finally, there is a variety of rpg-like status ailments that can be inflicted, like poison, which deals damage over time; confuse, which reverses your controller inputs; silence, which disables your c and d buttons; and even paralyze, which prevents you from moving. and the best part of all of these nifty systems is that newbies can simply ignore them all and rely on auto-combos, good blocking, and skillful mixups, and they can still play on a decently competitive level with the pros. genius you'll find the basic spread of modes in persona arena including lesson, story, arcade, challenge, training, score attack, online, versus, and more. lesson mode quickly runs you through the controls of the game in several easy-to-execute lessons. arcade mode simulates the arcade experience, putting you in one fight after another until you beat the final boss. score attack mode challenges you to see how far you can get without dying. versus mode allows you to play against friends locally, and online lets you play against the world. it's worth noting that the ps3 netcode is smooth as silk, but xbox 360 users have been reporting some issues with dropped connections and difficulty in finding matches. story mode is perhaps the biggest treat persona arena has to offer. it effectively continues the story that was started in shin megami tensei: persona . the protagonist, yu, returns to inaba to find that the midnight channel is up and running again. he and his friends dive into the tv world in order to figure out what is going on, but they soon find themselves being controlled by their old friend teddie, who forces them to fight in the p-grand prix, a fighting tournament set in a bizarre version of yasogami high. nearly all of the voice actors from the original persona make a return here. the story is told through text, anime cutscenes, and cut-in portraits, which are animated and displayed at a much higher resolution than any of the art from the original jrpg. throughout the story mode, you will be forced to make rpg-like choices that alter the story's eventual ending. you'll meet all sorts of characters from the original persona storyline and several from persona . note that not all of these characters are playable, although akihiko and mitsuru are part of the playable roster.
__label__non_math	0.9119	browse by pc games title: lma manager submitted by: rm . cheaper players: during january, big named teams such as birmingham city, aberdeen, manchester city and more will lose their manager. this means that the players wages are very low, and that the players will actually go for the money they are worth or maybe slightly more. at about the january 20th, go to "jobs available" and choose a club. go to the club's details and put all the players on your short list. then, go the short list, and if their rating is good enough, buy them. note: you can only see the rating on normal. . cheaper players: you can buy players very cheaply if you give them a sell on clause. if the player is good enough, you will not sell him on. for example, fernando torres cannot be bought for million, but can be bought for million with the sell on clause. andreas isaksson can be bought . cheaper players: players with one year left on their contract at the start of a season can be approached by other clubs when they have six months or less on most players will certainly go so renew their contracts before january. also, check the transfer window in january for players with six months or less on their contracts. if you find a player you want, select "offer contract" and if they accept it, you will get them at the start of the next season for a fraction of the price. fantasy team squad: if you start a file on fantasy mode in the premiership, here are some tips. first, enable the "no more money worries" code. when the screen of empty players appears, you should buy abbiati of ac milan. then, select the option for a random team. buy the following players: f. morientes loan vanden borre and kompany if possible if you start a normal season as arsenal, the players that should be sold are jens lehmann, manual almunia, lauren, ryan garry and arturo lupoli. alexandre song and mart poom who are on loan at arsenal can be sent back to their club. accept any offers for the players you are trying to sell. players that should be bought are andreas isaksson goalkeeper from rennes .million with sell on clause , fernando torres striker borre defender from anderlecht .million with sell on clause . the trick with these is that you will not sell them on. cheatbook database is a freeware "cheat-code tracker" that makes hints tricks and cheats for pc, walkthroughs, psp, sega, wii, playstation, playstation , playstation , nintendo , dvd, gameboy advance, gameboy color, n-gage, nintendo ds, xbox, xbox 360, gamecube, dreamcast, super nintendo easily accessible from one central location. all cheats inside from the first cheatbook january until today.
__label__non_math	1.0000	central colorado geography bee new life church voyager parkway colorado springs, co high country home educators in colorado springs will be hosting the central colorado geography bee again this coming fall . this is open to any area home-school student in the 4th-8th grades. the bee is sponsored through national geographic and will be held in mid november in the afternoon at new life church. students will be eligible to compete in colorado state level and national competition in washington d.c., based on their performance. cost to participate in the geography bee will be posted on the hche website, but will be or under per student. we need a minimum of students to hold the bee. please register after sept. 1st and by october 31st, by going to and then under the support group section. under sg events, you will see the geo bee information and registration button. for more information about the national geography bee, go to:
__label__non_math	0.9975	getting organized is a must for every homeschool. however, the extent to which you are organized is up to you and dependent on your personality and your natural organizational skills. schedulesestablishing schedules is not a matter to be taken lightly. you need wisdom and caution as you set limitations and budget your time. adding homeschooling mom to the already full-time job description of mom makes your life very full if a homeschooling mother also has a part-time job or operates a home-based business, it is an added stress to the family and must be considered carefully. the school load needs to be kept at a realistic level. the whole family, including dad, must pitch in with housework. extracurricular activities will need to be limited. it is not impossible to be a homeschooling, working mom, but you must have realistic expectations and be able to set healthy boundaries around your time and energy. school year calendarbefore your first day of school, it is wise to plan out your school year. a general plan, even if it is very flexible, will help you make sure you will get in the 172 days of school required by colorado homeschool law. you are free to choose what kind of school year schedule you want to follow. following your local school district s schedule is an option. obtain a copy by calling your school district or visiting their website. making up your own schedule allows you the freedom to tailor the year to your needs and desires. you may want to school only four days each week, or take a week off every six weeks, or take a longer break in summer. many homeschoolers consider birthdays as no school days. scheduling several extra days will give you a buffer for sick days or other unexpected events that require time off. master calendara master calendar for your family will help to keep everyone informed of what needs to happen on any given day. choose one calendar in your home where all activities, appointments and other commitments are written down. train your children to consult the calendar before making commitments. weekly schedulemake a weekly schedule by drawing and labeling a grid on a piece of construction paper. cover the paper with clear contact paper. use an overhead marker to fill in your grid with your regular weekly activities. you can use a damp tissue to erase when changes are needed. things to consider when making a weekly schedule: church activities, sports, music lessons, -h scouts awana, homeschool work, laundry, housecleaning, work schedules, errands, volunteer commitments, family time, mom and dad dates, ministry, holidays, and shopping. by posting this schedule near your master calendar, you eliminate the need to write in all the regular weekly activities on the master calendar. whenever an opportunity or request for your time comes up, you merely look at the weekly grid to see if there is any regular activity at that time, then look at the master calendar to see if anything special is happening that day. daily schedulea majority of homeschoolers do most of their schooling during the morning hours. afternoons are used for finishing up assignments and for other activities in which the students are involved. however, each family has the freedom to tailor their school schedule to their own unique situation. to make a schedule, it is wise to have an idea of what you want to accomplish each day and in what order based on what you have determined to be most important . remember that every school subject does not have to be covered every day. things to consider in making a daily schedule: chores, grooming, school work, naps, bed time, housecleaning, devotions, exercise, phone calls, spouse time, work schedules, mid-day teacher breaks, and meals including preparation and cleanup . don t forget other activities such as sports, music lessons, and co-ops including travel time if every time-block of your schedule is all filled in, it is probably too full. no matter what kind of a schedule you are making, you need ample white space or margin time that is not allotted to a certain task. this buffer will help you absorb an unexpected event and give you the freedom to be more flexible. daily issuesthough each of our homeschools is unique, we all deal with some of the same daily issues. these daily issues will only be as frustrating as you allow. if you perceive them as hassles, they will be just that. but if you make them opportunities to teach your children valuable character qualities and maybe grow a little yourself , you will find yourself less stressed. interruptionsthe phone is a big source of interruptions for the homeschooling family. answering machines and caller i.d. can be very helpful, making it possible to answer only the critical calls. explain to friends, neighbors, and relatives that you will not be available during certain hours and ask them not to call during those times. the goal is to set appropriate limits, neither isolating yourself nor allowing unnecessary intrusions. well-meaning friends who don t fully understand homeschooling might assume that since you and your children are at home, you are available to baby-sit or do other odd jobs. use wisdom to avoid taking on too many responsibilities. as wonderful an opportunity as it may be to meet a need or for your children to make some money remember it is still an interruption to your school schedule. if the requests become overly persistent or burdensome, it might become necessary to make it clear what your limitations are. dealing with toddlers and infants while teaching older ones has the potential of being frustrating, but it doesn t have to be. remember, your toddler is part of your family and therefore part of your homeschool. he should not be made to feel in the way or a bother. at the same time, he can learn that certain behavior is expected at certain times. it is good to teach your little one to wait his turn, not to interrupt, and to sit or play quietly for a period of time. likewise, it is good for the older child to cultivate patience and the ability to stay on task even through interruptions. with some thought and prayer, you will find realistic, creative ways to deal with this situation effectively. baby s nap time is a good time to focus on older students. set aside special school toys that your toddler is allowed to play with only during school time. find ways to involve him in what you are doing. if you are doing a science activity, find something he can do to make him feel he s a part of it there will be interruptions in school days. some you can control the phone and others you can t a sick child, a spilled glass of juice . look at it as an opportunity to learn and to teach by example. both you and your children will do well to develop flexibility and the ability to stay on task even through interruptions.
__label__non_math	1.0000	your privacy is guaranteed. we will never give out, lease, or sell your personal information. chefcrossing - job aggregation and private job-opening research service the most quality jobs anywhere chefcrossing is the first job consolidation service in the employment industry to seek to include every job that exists and not charge employers to post jobs on its site. chefcrossing uses sophisticated technology and manual work to comb employer websites and other job boards for jobs and bring them all to its site.
__label__non_math	0.9979	a-sexy: f is for faking it no this is not yet another piece on jason derulo or indeed that channel programme faking it which i loved but couldn t see myself ever doing. but i do have a confession. i do upon occasion fake an orgasm. why you ask? because sometimes the compatibility is so not good that you just want it to be over with so that you can get to doing something less boring. now i did drama lessons at school so i can fake it well not harry met sally well mind but i m working on it but it got me thinking as to whether or not there is a moral responsibility to stay true to the spirit of sex and be honest with the other person that no, they really didn t rock your world. is this something that men want to hear or is it best to smile and walk away only to have to make excuses as to why you don t want to meet up again? i ve thought about it and on the whole i think this: if you are in a relationship my precious then great, have the conversation and you both work at making that sex just right. friends with benefits need guidance on those benefits and i don t see the point in having a f ck buddy if he s not about to do the f bit. then he s just a buddy who sleeps over and drinks all of your juice then puts the carton back in the fridge. who does that but if this is a one night stand, an infrequent fling or just the end of a bad relationship surely it is within our diva given rights to fake it. i don t have time to train every guy that i come across. and if i m really honest my sex ego isn t linked with his satisfaction. yep, i m not that worried about whether or not he comes either. selfish or casual sex is a race to the finish and if you don t finish first then you are usually buggered unless the person decidesto save face and gift you an orgasm. a simple task you would imagine for the average man with years sexual experience and yet, somehow so many can t. maybe it s because some women need an emotional connection or maybe it s because he truly is not intuitive or good with tools. but generally when this happens and you re starting to feel sore you just have to fake it so that you can roll over and get some sleep why? because most men will be up early and poking around so best you ensure that you ve gotten a couple of hours kip before enduring the let s not kiss round . what would i think if a man faked it? initially i think i would be a tad disappointed that all my hard work didn t accomplish what i would have liked but then, it s casual. i don t care that much about his feelings or his ejaculation. i probably would just want to shrug and roll over. because i got mine chelsea black
__label__non_math	0.9969	we supply building blocks for combinatorial chemistry and intermediates for organic synthetic chemistry.our major products include the kinds of compounds that you can found in the major catalogues,such as pyridine, heteroaromatic acids,and aldehydes. url: in english translate started from ,richest group is global manufacturer and exporter of noble metal catalyst,intermediates of oled,opv,opc,otft,organic intermediates,apis,rare earth compounds,oligonucleotide andcustomsynthesis service. url: in english translate east chemical is a professional hi-tech chemical manufacturer in china,with the main production base located in weifang industry park.relying on our best r d team,we have developed different product areas,including fine chemicals and pharmaceuticals. url: in english translate a leading manufacturer of research chemicals, metals and materials including high purity inorganics, organics and organometallics, precious compounds and catalysts, rare earth compounds and metals, labware and more. url: in english translate we produce a wide range of organics, especially fluorine, boronic acids, amino acids, unnatural amino acids, peptide, cross linkers, organocatalysts, chiral building blocks, heterocyclic compounds and other compounds. url: in english translate founded in , parchem trading ltd. has grown from a single agency in the ceramics field to a broad-based supplier of chemicals, pharmaceuticals and minerals to virtually every industry that requires them. more results url: in english translate we offer a comprehensive product range as building blocks for industries, research institutes and small amount for screening purposes. hetcat specialises in synthesis of heterocyclic compounds -, - and -membered rings url: in english translate manufacturer and supplier of bulk fine organic chemicals, boronic acids, imidazoles, polymer-supported scavengers reagents, combinatorial building blocks, and laboratory glassware. more results url: in english translate since it''s founding in , tokyo kasei kogyo tkk has grown to be a leading, international manufacturer and distributor of over ,000 fine specialty organic chemicals, many of which are rare or very hard to find. url: in english translate nantong changchem deals mainly with export in over 800 types of chemical products, including chiral compounds, amino acids, intermediate of pharmaceuticals, dyestuffs, etc. url: in english translate
__label__non_math	1.0000	at its oct. meeting, the sand rock town council approved an ,226 budget for the fiscal year. the budget is a decrease of ,194. mayor bill glenn noted that the town was under budget by percent for the fiscal year. in other business, the council voted to contribute ,500 annually over a -year period towards the gadsden state community college cherokee county campus school of nursing and community center. the council also agreed to donate per year to the cherokee humane society. in regard to the nov. sand rock veterans day appreciation program at the school gymnasium, the council voted to host a post-program reception at the town hall and purchase pocket calendars as gifts for said program. the council confirmed a previous motion that reserved the second saturday in october for sand rock day. in a related matter, the council agreed to book the local band restless for the event. the council voted to set a town webpage, with the site to be designed by casey hobgood. the council rejected a bid for town park trash cans. the council reviewed the new town zoning maps and noted that they needed corrections before final approval
__label__non_math	0.9999	i m happier that i could learn and play chess at school. chess has also made me smarter and made school better." volunteer and internship information use this form to use your credit card to purchase lesson plans or donate securely online: note: online donations are processed through paypal. if you would prefer an alternate method of payment check the box below. we will contact you to make arrangements. for lesson plans please indicate if you want them mailed or emailed. our support comes from the generosity of individuals, businesses, and foundations. your tax-deductible donation will help us provide after-school chess clubs for more children. examples of what your donation will provide: 500 monthly funds an entire chess for success club for one year100 monthly funds a chess for success coach for a year42 monthly provides chess sets for students in a chess for success club to take home at the end of the year20.monthly sponsors state tournament registration for one chess for success school12.monthly sponsors one child in a chess for success school for a year8.monthly creates a chess library at a chess for success school for donations by phone or to make a gift of stock or appreciated asset: contact julie young, executive director503-295- local or800-285- outside portland send donations by mail to:chess for success2701 nw vaughn suite 101portland, or chess for success is a dynamic, grassroots organization seeking self-motivated, talented individuals who would like to use their passion and expertise to change the trajectory of students lives. resource developmentwe are seeking an intern to actively participate in the implementation of the organization s resource development plan for . chess for success has a full-service development plan, including but not limited to: peer-to-peer solicitation, sponsorship, an annual event, grants and mail. the successful candidate will have the opportunity to work with seasoned professionals and a committed and active board of directors.for more information contact julie young. chess clubs and tournamentsare you a flexible person who likes to be around children and help them to learn the strategies of the game of kings? the coaches in our after-school programs may have a position for you
__label__non_math	1.0000	note: you need to pick a username and password to post a reply. getting your account takes less than a minute, totally anonymous, and free--plus, it entitles you to features otherwise unavailable. pick your username now and join the chessgames community if you already have an account, you should please observe our posting guidelines: - no obscene, racist, sexist, or profane language. - no spamming, advertising, or duplicating posts. - no personal attacks against other users. - nothing in violation of united states law. see something which violates our rules? blow the whistle and inform an administrator. note: keep all discussion on the topic of this page. this forum is for this specific game and nothing else. if you want to discuss chess in general, or this site, you might try the kibitzer's caf .
__label__non_math	1.0000	police support volunteers and special constables have been honoured in a joint awards ceremony. cheshire constabulary staged the ceremony to recognise volunteers working across the county with assistant chief constable janette mccormick hosting the event. police and crime commissioner john dwyer opened the ceremony, which was the first of its kind to be held in cheshire. he said: i always find stories about volunteers very powerful when i realise what can be achieved by people who are prepared to give up a little time and energy and give something back to society. we heard some amazing stories about people who have gone that little bit further to work as part of the wider policing family in helping to make cheshire safer. as well as honouring the work of volunteers, the event was also used to announce brian woodward as the special constabulary chief officer for cheshire. winners included noel perry, who is a special constable in the chester inner neighbourhood policing team. he was named joint winner of the student of the year award together with special constable linsey bullock. volunteers from the cheshire museum of policing in warrington won the best team award. all the awards were presented by chief constable david whatton, who said: the constabulary has a long history of being supported by volunteers, who bring the public into policing, which in turn builds confidence, transparency and trust. the ceremony was organised by community engagement manager jenny ford. she said: we are hoping that the awards will now become an annual event. we have received a lot of positive feedback and people obviously enjoyed the evening. commissioner dwyer has put volunteering at the centre of his policing plans and recently met with the newest intake of special constables. these men and women have volunteered to give some of their time to help make cheshire an even better place to live, he said. after training they will have the same powers as regular officers and will work alongside them to keep our streets and our homes safe. it is a challenging but rewarding task and i believe the volunteers benefit from learning new skills and broadening their experience. i want to see the number of special constables increase and be a valuable part of policing our neighbourhoods. they will have local knowledge and, because of that, people will use them as a point of contact when they have issues causing concern. they will be invaluable in tackling the type of crime and anti-social behaviour which affects people s everyday lives.
__label__non_math	0.9906	here s an idea: post a sign identifying the current owner of a foreclosed property, to let neighbors know who s responsible for the high weeds and that s the notion of town council member jim ton, r-1st, who suggested at tuesday s meeting that a little shame can go a long way. i like the idea of making it public who owns the property, he said. but as building commissioner dave novak and fire chief mike orlich noted, the problem still remains: chasing the paper trails back to the owner, which in many cases is a bank and in many of those cases an out-of-state bank. novak told the council that he s working to expedite the identification process, while orlich added that citations have been issued. yet citations don t always exert enough pressure on the banks to get results and in those cases the town is trying to mow yards itself. to recoup its costs, town attorney chuck lukmann said, the town will file liens on the properties but that process itself takes time. the message to the neighbors of a vacant property: be patient, the town is working on it. in other business, the council voted unanimously to authorize police chief dave cincoski to apply for a grant which could reimburse the cpd up to percent of the cost of replacing six bullet-proof vests about to reach their expiration date and be taken out of service. it s a no-match grant, cincoski said, and if awarded the cpd could save between ,500 in its purchase of six new vests. meanwhile, the council also voted unanimously to adopt a resolution re-establishing the cumulative capital development fund at the same property-tax rate: 100 of assessed valuation. that vote followed a public hearing at which no one spoke in favor of the resolution and no one in opposition to it. the ccd is used exclusively for the purchase of emergency vehicles. last year the council raised the ccd s dedicated tax rate from . to .. fifteen years ago or thereabouts, the ccd s rate was all of cents per but the state reduced that rate. park superintendent bruce mathias reported that the tennis courts at chesterton park are being painted this week. they ll be open and ready to rock n roll by the end of the week, he
__label__non_math	0.9998	as per the recent report on techcrunch, mobile web usage keeps on growing, and growing and growing. now you can imagine how many readers read your blog from mobile. there arises the need to keep your blog mobile reader friendly. yeah i agree to the fact that most of the mobiles are capable of reading the normal browser version. now if you are visiting my blog via mobile you are probably reading the mobile version already. or else you can see a mobile version of chethstudios right here. also check out mobile website design. thanks to my twitter users they suggested me their favorite free mobile website designer. here is a list of the best ones. mobify.me is the easier and one of the best websites offering free mobile version of your blog. where you control almost everything mofuse in my humble opinion is one of the most used websites used for creating easy mobile version of your blog website. if you are a total newbie this one is for you. do you know any other website which offers such free mobile services where we can design, host your mobile blog for free. tell us, and our readers by dropping a comment
__label__non_math	0.9999	burn up excess download episode plot summary: follows the exploits of team warrior, a special anti-terror wing of the neo-tokyo police force. team warrior is comprised of the habitually broke rio, gun-crazy maya, computer specialist lillica, tech-expert nanvel, pilot voyeur yuji, and is led by the enigmatic maki. the team faces a number of missions, ranging from bodyguard duty, breaking up robbery and arms rackets, and providing security for a very powerful tank. rio and company continually thwart the terrorist aims of ruby, an operative for a shadowy cabal of powerful men. before the final showdown, the circumstances behind the formation of team warrior, how the precocious rio came to join it, and maki's painful past will be revealed. upload by: slashz updated: you are watching burn up excess download only at chia-anime.com or download burn up excess download free , chia anime is the best anime site
__label__non_math	0.9999	fire edged by seattle sounders chicago, ill. the chicago fire --; 8pts. used marco pappa s stunning 89th minute corner kick to rally late but couldn t overcome a -deficit as the chicago fire fell -to seattle sounders fc --; 13pts. saturday night at toyota park. the fire attacked from the start and nearly drew first blood in the third minute when sebastian grazzini collected the ball just outside of the box. the argentine switched field to daniel paladini before the veteran midfielder played segares down the left. the costa rican international crossed for dominic oduro at the top of the six-yard box but the ghanaian striker could only get a piece of it before heading the ball over the goal. the fire again came close minutes later as patrick nyarko showed for a dan gargan pass on the right. the fleet ghanaian collected and turned towards goal before playing a weighted through ball for oduro who ran onto it into the box before his powerful effort forced a save out of sounders fc keeper michael gsuprning. just a minute later it was nyarko working into the box on the right before centering a pass that oduro back heeled for paladini, who took a touch to settle before firing an effort that sounders fc midfielder osvaldo alonso dove in front of to put out for a corner kick. nine minutes later the fire nearly went ahead again when a corner kick from grazzini found pavel pardo at the near post. the former mexican international got his head to it before gspurning punched the ball for another corner kick. sounders striker fredy montero came close to opening his account in the 27th minute when leo gonzalez whipped in a cross from the left found the colombian attacker before heading it over sean johnson s goal. feeding off the momentum from the previous chance, seattle found the go-ahead goal in the 39th minute. osvaldo alonso played eddie johnson where he collected the ball at the endline. the u.s. international then cut back for david estrada whose low effort deflected off of fire defender arne friedrich, caught sean johnson wrong-footed and tucked inside the near post to take the sounders into the half at -. the attempt was credited as an own goal to the german international. seattle came close to doubling their lead in the 61st minute when a whipping cross from the left from substitute mark burch found the head of montero who looked to put it wide. his striker partner johnson followed up the effort and put another header off the back post before the ball was cleared by pardo. having been in the match for just two minutes, substitute midfielder marco pappa looked to equalize in the 63rd. grazzini took a free kick from yards that was nodded out of the box before pappa stepped up and fired a blistering effort that knuckled through traffic and under the diving arm of gspurning. however, the goal was called back as oduro was adjudged to have been interfering with the play in an offside position. the visitors doubled their lead in the 66th minute when a free kick from montero was saved with a diving effort from sean johnson but jhon kennedy hurtado followed before eddie johnson tapped in the rebound. pappa looked to respond in the 85th minute, finding lots of space and gspurning of his line, the guatemalan international took an ambitious effort from inside the fire half which sizzled inches wide of the seattle net. four minutes later pappa would finally get the fire on the board as he bent a swerving seeing-eye corner kick over gspurning s outstretched arms off the back post and over the line in the 89th minute. reeling off of the wonder-strike, the fire found one last chance deep into stoppage time as nyarko played a long ball over the top for oduro. the fire striker brought it down before laying off a pass for jalil anibaba whose rushed strike was hit straight at gspurning, clinching a -sounders fc victory. the fire return to action when they visit c.d. chivas usa on friday, may at p.m. ct espn deportes .espn deportes fm the men in red return to toyota park for the ring of fire induction of -year club veteran c.j. brown as the side takes on real salt lake on wednesday, may at p.m. ct nbc .; espn deportes .fm chicago fire season tickets are available by calling -888-mls-fire 657- , via ticketmaster or by heading to the club s official website at chicago-fire.com. - marco pappa s 89th minute goal was the 21st of his fire career and moves him into a tie with nate jaqua for seventh all-time on the club s mls goal scoring list. the strike is also his first goal since a hat trick performance on at real salt lake. - fire goalkeeper sean johnson made two saves in the loss. - the fire remain winless against seattle sounders fc, going --in seven mls regular season meetings. - midfielder daniel paladini made his first start of the campaign. chicago fire seattle sounders fc chicago fire: sean johnson; dan gargan, arne friedrich, jalil anibaba, gonzalo segares; logan pause marco pappa , pavel pardo, daniel paladini federico puppo ; sebastian grazzini rafael robayo ; patrick nyarko, dominic oduro substitutes not used: paolo tornaghi, austin berry, hunter jumper, orr barouch seattle sounders fc: michael gspurning; adam johannson, jeff parke, jhon kennedy hurtado, leonardo gonzalez; mauro rosales marc burch , brad evans, osvaldo alonso, david estrada; eddie johnson sammy ochoa , fredy montero substitutes not used: bryan meredith, zach scott, andy rose, alex caskey, cordell cato sea own goal arne friedrich sea eddie johnson jhon kennedy hurtado chi marco pappa unassisted sea david estrada caution; time wasting ' chi marco pappa caution; unsportsmanlike conduct ' sea fredy montero caution; unsportsmanlike conduct ' sea eddie johnson caution; unsportsmanlike conduct ' chi - jalil anibaba ejection; unsportsmanlike conduct ' chi - frank klopas ejection; unsportsmanlike conduct ' referee: michael kennedy assistants: gregory barkley, peter balciunas fourth official: abiodun okulaja
__label__non_math	0.9993	download the crain s chicago business ipad app for free the app has everything you have come to expect from crain s...and a whole lot more. succeeding in chicago just got a whole lot easier. in the chicago area, .percent of commuters spend minutes or more getting to work each day. that's the highest rate in the midwest and ninth overall among american metros. when will construction jobs dig out of this hole? among the hardest-hit occupations in the recession, construction jobs have yet to show signs of bouncing back in the chicago area. and forecasts don't offer much good news, either. heralded as the wave of the future by science-fiction writers and coffee-shop squatters, telecommuting has yet to take root with much of the american workforce. it should come as little surprise to see local employment projections favoring jobs in tech, health care and business services in . recent history shows a diversification of chicago's workforce with the emergence of those sectors. several of the chicago area's most important job sectors have seen marginal gains in the past months. crain's analyzed data from the u.s. bureau of labor statistics to determine which industries are gaining and losing jobs as part of its ongoing look at chicago employment. the unemployment rate in illinois continues to show modest improvement. from october to october , it fell .percentage points, joining other states showing statistically significant changes. but the state is a long way from recovery. how far? that was the question that led us to this month's jobs report. crain's mapped data from the u.s. census bureau's american community survey to find the most educated residents of the state. chicago's gaining jobs in the old industry of moving freight. the chicago metropolitan agency for planning has a new site that looks at how gains at logistics companies affect others in the region. as we head into the home stretch of the presidential election, job creation and loss are sure to be on the minds of voters and pundits alike. president obama's home state of illinois lost the third most jobs between december and may , the most recent month for which these figures are available from the bureau of labor statistics. higher taxes on beer consumption could have an impact on an industry that employs directly or indirectly -- ,000 resident comprising roughly .percent of all jobs in illinois. summer employment this year at illinois restaurants is projected to reach its highest level in at least a decade, according to the national restaurant association. chicago ranks in the lower third of the 100 largest u.s. metropolitan areas based on employment growth from their worst quarters of recession, according to a recent report. the number of chicago-area workers who live farther than miles outside cook county grew by more than percent during the last decade, in line with a trend among the largest u.s. metropolitan areas. how chicago's hospitality workforce stacks up against other vacation spots: the share of chicago jobs in the leisure and hospitality industry has increased steadily in the last decade, according to the u.s. bureau of labor statistics. a look at illinois' high rate of long-term unemployment: the number of illinois workers unemployed for more than six months continues to push record highs, according to a recent study from northeastern university. what the illinois job market will look like in : illinois factory jobs will be whittled down over the next few years while the health sciences and information technology sectors see the greatest ten-year increase by . crain's takes an interactive look at the jobless rate among college graduates and student loan debt. our monthly interactive graphic series tracks a different employment related topic every month.
__label__non_math	1.0000	download the crain s chicago business ipad app for free the app has everything you have come to expect from crain s...and a whole lot more. succeeding in chicago just got a whole lot easier. the chicago treasurer's office hosted the small-business expo, a day of exhibits and workshops, as well as a business plan competition, at the uic forum. a panel of industry mavens talks about how to fill the demand for talent in the technology sector. new law firms and growing legal practices face unique opportunities and challenges. a panel discussion covered successful networking and rainmaking techniques. the seminar covered ways to integrate e-marketing into the customer acquisition process. the national assn. of women business owners sponsored a day of seminars and exhibits, kicked off with a breakfast program. ten five-minute meet-ups in about an hour puts a fast spin on business contacts. recruiting experts talk about how to get more bites from your recruiting efforts and see some impressive candidates. what role does technology play in carrying a business concept from birth to market? accion chicago hosted a q a session to help small-business owners navigate the loan process. entrepreneurs learned where to seek traditional and non-traditional business financing. crain's chicago business hosted an event offering insight on marketing strategies from a panel of small-business owners and experts. a session for small-business owners focused on business opportunities in green procurement and sustainability. what happens when your business evolves but your website lags? a site redesign is in order. good health financial, emotional, technological and physical was on the menu at this event combining networking and wellness tips. successful entrepreneurs discuss what it takes to start a small firm in chicago. the women's business development center held a seminar on how to secure business with the federal government. courtney hill of the marketing firm marketm led a workshop on strategic thinking about your brand. lisa madigan, attorney general of illinois, discusses the growing number of women-owned businesses and their positive impact on the work environment in one of the sessions during nawbo day, sponsored by the national association of women business owners nawbo chicago chapter in conjunction with crain's small business week. dee farrell of neat-oh business people gathered at the mid-america club to speed-network, part of crain's small business week.
__label__non_math	1.0000	from skyscrapers to bungalows, the charles f. murphy architectural study center at the chicago history museum has one of the nation's largest collections of architectural working drawings, as well as manuscript materials, photographs, architectural models, and building fragments that reflect metropolitan chicago s built environment. the availability of the museum s architecture holdings vary by the type of material. photographs, prints, and documents most of the prints, photographs, archives, manuscripts, architectural drawings, and published materials in the collection are available to the public for research through the museum s research center. the research center staff also welcomes written and email requests for information about these materials. please allow several weeks for a reply. architectural fragments and models requests for information about architectural fragments, models, and other objects can be submitted online. research inquiries by telephone are not accepted. please complete the object research inquiry form to submit your request. you will receive a response to your inquiry from a member of the museum s staff within two weeks. in-person research of objects is available by appointment only. to inquire about the availability of research appointments, complete the object research inquiry form and check the appropriate box. please note the in-person research guidelines. requests for images of architectural objects can be made directly through the rights and reproductions office if you have any of the following information: object accession number; creator name and title; or image reference number. if this information is not available to you, please submit an object research inquiry. where possible, the entire archives of architectural firms or architects, not just individual drawings or projects, have been collected; documents may include job files, correspondence, ledgers, and field notes. to document more fully the built environment, the holdings also include business papers of builders, construction engineering firms, and real estate development companies. architectural drawings in the collection date from the 1870s to the present. the vast majority of drawings are working drawings on drafting linen or tracing paper, but the collection also contains design sketches and rendered presentation drawings. highlights of the architectural drawing holdings - holabird roche holabird root, - harry weese associates, - c.f. murphy associates - graham, anderson, probst white - c.w. and george l. rapp rapp rapp - john lloyd wright - francis barry byrne - mary ann crawford - john reed fugard, thielbar fugard, and fugard knapp - alfred alschuler and friedman, alschuler sincere - graceland cemetery approximately architectural models are also part of the collection. some are highly finished presentation models, others are crude constructions used by the architects to explore design possibilities. the collection also includes approximately 175 fragments of buildings that have been demolished or remodeled and were collected to document the built environment note: the museum no longer collects building fragments . highlights of the model and building fragment holdings - model of the travel and transportation building designed by holabird root for a century of progress international exposition, - model of lake point tower designed by shipporeit-heinrich, - fragments from troscher building designed by louis sullivan, c. - fragment from the francisco terrace apartments designed by frank lloyd wright, - rosette from home insurance building entrance designed by william lebaron jenney, the museum's architectural collection also contains thousands of photographs. these images were part of the archive of an architectural firm, or from the business papers of builders, construction engineering firms, and real estate development companies.
__label__non_math	1.0000	welcome to the chicago daily law bulletin. our front page and classified ads are free to all visitors. to visit our company site, where you can buy a subscription, go to to have further access to the news beyond the front page, you'll need to subscribe. - if you are already a subscriber, fill in your user name email address and password below. - if you are already a print subscriber, the online subscription is free. click here to sign up, or call our circulation department at 312-644-, or e-mail us. - if you'd like to purchase a subscription, please visit our online store. - if you are requesting to opt out of the daily headlines email, please log in to verify your email address. logon help and password reminder
__label__non_math	0.9974	thursday, more safety mistakes i commend you on safety mistakes even the most careful parents make february . i was pleased the article urged parents to protect children from injury and death by being aware of product recalls. kids in danger was founded by parents whose child was killed in a recalled portable crib. the article did not mention, however, that children s products that have not been recalled may also pose danger. for example, more than 100 children drowned while using baby bath seats, yet this product has not been recalled. product recalls are just a symptom of greater problems in children s product safety. the root of the problem is that most children s products are not covered by mandatory safety standards or safety testing. until there are strong mandatory standards and pre-market testing of all children s products, parents must be vigilant about the safety of all children s products. individuals can learn more about children s product safety by visiting kids in danger s web site, genevieve kirk program director, kids in danger, oak park great photos but no phone thank you for including david sutton s people and pet photography in your recent article, choosing the right portrait photographer march, . we were pleased to be in chicago parent, although the article didn t mention how to contact us. we can be reached at sutton studios by telephone: 847 679-, or by e-mail: email roberta zapf studio manager, sutton studios
__label__non_math	0.9998	raffi sarrafian, director of purchasing welcome to the department of purchasing at the chicago park district. we are responsible for purchasing goods, services, and construction for the chicago park district. our open bid and solicitation process ensures fairness, competition, and best value. at times our interest in achieving the best value may lead us to participate in contracts from larger economies such as the city of chicago, our sister agencies, and the state of illinois. besides best value, we're also very interested in green procurement, as one of the four core values at the chicago park district is being green, and increasingly our solicitations are either exclusively environmentally friendly or include eco-friendly products and services. all this is accomplished by complying with the code of the chicago park district and the other local, state, and federal laws and regulations that guide us. we encourage you to learn more about the chicago park district and to conduct business with us by participating in our contracting opportunities. explore the following items and come back often as we are constantly updating this content:
__label__non_math	1.0000	cheer on local choirs as they participate in the chicago gospel music festival's battle of the chicago gospel choirs regional competition. may at austin town hall park and june at the washington park fieldhouse. enjoy a morning of chicago s best music, dance, or theater in a kid-friendly setting with juicebox. bring a picnic and join us at the humboldt park boathouse for the youth music event of the year jazzcity: jazz cabaret: frieda lee concert at columbus park refectory
__label__non_math	1.0000	thanksgiving basketball tournament show your skills on the basketball court and compete in a thanksgiving tournament run by nat king cole park. chicago's twelve at garfield park conservatory the zhou b. art center, the chicago park district and the garfield park conservatory alliance are proud to present a new art exhibition titled chicago s twelve at garfield park conservatory curated by sergio gomez.
__label__non_math	1.0000	classic italian beef stand considered by many the city's best. chef-owner joel kazouini serves french fare in little italy. european-style coffee shop serving baked goods, panini, and royal pies from pleasant house bakery. moroccan and middle eastern fare, smack in the middle of little italy. taylor street joint offering pizza, pasta, italian beef sandwiches, ribs, fried chicken, and mexican food--go figure. taylor street enoteca from scott harris francesa's . named after the character from m a s h, hawkeye's dishes out wings, double cheeseburgers, and pizza. the sports bar also offers shuttle service to games at the united center and soldier field. university village location of the popular pan-asian chain. quick-service banh mi, spring rolls, and noodle salads. classic old-chicago deli cafeteria: corned beef sandwiches, latkes, brisket, tums. new taylor street restaurant serving international small plates. sixty-year-old italian beef and hot dog stand also offering as well as a french fry sandwich. cafeteria-style italian serving hearty pizza squares and hand-cut pasta, eat in or out. contemporary southern italian restaurant with authentic dishes and a friendly staff. total results
__label__non_math	1.0000	a collection of news and information related to marburg virus disease published by this site and its partners. displaying items -of view chicagotribune.com items only cnnuganda -- fourteen people have died so far from the ebola outbreak that began earlier this month in western uganda. according to the world health organization, the first case is believed to be from the nyanswiga village in nyamarunda, a sub-county of the...
__label__non_math	1.0000	richard and sandy draper were returning to their home from dinner at around p.m. when they say they heard someone yelling. the couple originally thought the yelling was children playing in the backyard, but discovered that the noise was coming from -year-old stephen hopkins, who was stuck in their chimney. "i could hear a voice in my chimney and i said, 'are you in the chimney,'" said sandy draper. a wall had to be ripped out of the home to let hopkins out. "through a noble effort of about and hour of cutting our house up...they were able to retrieve the child and overall everything was successful," said richard draper. "he was black, just covered in soot but actually looked pretty well." west valley city police say hopkins had been reported missing by his mother earlier in the day after he left his home and didn't return. "'that's when they got a call in the other neighborhood that there was a boy stuck in the fireplace named 'steve'," said janine hopkins, stephen's mother. i said that's my steve, i know it is." hopkins was reportedly looking for food and water when he climbed up the drapers' apricot tree, went down the chimney and got stuck for between and hours. he'd managed to slide down to the basement of the home, near the flue. "they asked him why he had gone down the chimney and he said he was looking for food and water so evidently he was wandering the neighborhood," said richard draper. hopkins only suffered minor injuries. there is no estimate on how much damage was done to the home.
__label__non_math	0.9999	mouse over photo to zoom click for larger image microfiber pin dot lace contemporary tank extended sizes in select colors polka dots meet lace on a microfiber tank crafted with extra stretch soft, sleek, smooth. - designed for perfect coverage. - length: ". - nylon, spandex. - machine wash. imported.
__label__non_math	1.0000	mouse over photo to zoom click for larger image tropical palms -pocket ankle pant extended sizes in select colors prints please: the tropical paradise comes to life on our vibrant cotton pants crafted with a hint of stretch for a smooth fit. - our pants sit just below the waist, for a modern fit with maximum comfort. - " inseam. - cotton, spandex. - machine wash. imported. we're so sorry: this item sold out sooner than expected. for an equally chic substitute, please call our personal service associates at .888.855.. or click on chico's chat below for immediate assistance.
__label__non_math	1.0000	mouse over photo to zoom click for larger image hypnotic zebra delilah top extended sizes in select colors the zebra print, the safari palette, the button blouse with subtle crinkle. we love it with a bold belt for a look that's chic, modern, and streamlining. - banded button cuffs. - length: " to ". - polyester. - machine wash. imported. we're so sorry: this item sold out sooner than expected. for an equally chic substitute, please call our personal service associates at .888.855.. or click on chico's chat below for immediate assistance.
__label__non_math	1.0000	mouse over photo to zoom click for larger image guinevere hoop earring beaded hoops crafted with bone and glowing golden accents. - bone and metal. we're so sorry: this item sold out sooner than expected. for an equally chic substitute, please call our personal service associates at .888.855.. or click on chico's chat below for immediate assistance.
__label__non_math	0.9984	mouse over photo to zoom click for larger image travelers classic rumba slim pant extended sizes in select colors a passion for fashion: we split the hems for extra-chic movement. - our travelers knit is wrinkle resistant, looks luxurious, feels fabulous. - pull-on styling with rouched elastic waist. - acetate, spandex. - machine wash. usa.
__label__non_math	1.0000	mouse over photo to zoom click for larger image travelers classic mea jacket extended sizes in select colors part of our travelers starter kit. fluid, flowy, flawless--day or night. crafted in our finely ribbed, wrinkle-free travelers fabric in an open, drapey silhouette for a smooth line. - length: ". - acetate, spandex. - machine wash. usa.
__label__non_math	1.0000	i was scouting target this morning for the last few items on my son's pre-k supply list when something caught my eye. a pencil case made of a recycled chip bag at the mere price of .. how cute, how quirky, how smart. how eco-chic frito-lay has partnered up with terracycle to create cool bags that minimized waste and are made thru the collective effort, literally of schools and organizations that collect chip bags and get paid for doing it. imagine making money for your organization by collecting everyday lunch items that will wind up in a landfill someplace, making money for doing it and then seeing what you've collected on a store shelf near you. what a great way to teach kids how to recycle and have the opportunity to see an end product from their efforts to find out more about the complete line of terracycle's products and programs, visit them at
__label__non_math	0.7959	coupons.com has some new coupons, including b1g1 sunrype fruitsource bars, reser s -lb salad. daily deal site living social is offering a . you get free overnight shipping on orders of , and can apply the voucher to selected products it looks to me like p g brands like bounty, cascade, etc. . amazon s .instant video rental of the day is dinoshark, which gets out of stars in reviews. amazon s free android app of the day is pocket casts, which organizes and streams your podcasts and gets out of stars in reviews. get a printable coupon for b1g1 frozen strawberry lemonade, frappe or fruit smoothie at mcdonald s exp . for the mommas has a update on the bengay cold therapy deal at rite aid. i heart wags has a list of the july register rewards deals at walgreens. also at walgreens, wild for wags reports that you can get free shredded wheat cereal. moms need to know has a roundup of summer movie programs they could be a great inexpensive activity this summer. southern cali saver reports that you can get free nature valley bars and free milk at albertsons right now. banner via mysavings.com. this post contains affiliate links that help support this site at no additional cost to you. thank you for clicking through them
__label__non_math	1.0000	- special sections - public notices what difference can a single blood donation make? one figure frequently cited is that one pint of blood can save up to three lives, since it can provide three lifesaving products: red blood cells, plasma and platelets. lifesouth is inviting chiefland and levy county residents to be a part of saving lives when it hosts a blood drive on friday, may , and saturday, may , at walmart on north u.s. highway between a.m. and p.m. donors are also invited to come into the donor center across the highway from walmart in the winn-dixie shopping center on friday, may , between the hours of a.m. and p.m.; or saturday, may , between the hours of a.m. and p.m. seventeen percent of non-donors say they never thought about it, as the main reason for not giving, said michael ross, donor recruiter for lifesouth. we hope everyone will think about saving lives and donate blood at the community drive. all who donate will receive a recognition t-shirt and a complimentary cholesterol screening. donors must be at least years old, weigh 110 pounds or more, and have photo i.d. sixteen-year-old donors must have signed parental consent. for more information about becoming a donor or about blood drives in your area, call lifesouth at 888 795- or visit and
__label__non_math	0.9905	this is turning into a joke. what is clark thinking. at first midway through the season pioli was assumed to be getting an extension. then clark after firing crennell is supposedly evaluating the whole football operations side of the team. and we all asumed pioli was on his way out wishfull thinking . now espn reports andy reid did his interview with multiple people involved including pioli. i just dont see any good coming out of playing pioli like a puppet. like or dislike pioli's moves this is all starting to make clark look like an incompetant idiot.
__label__non_math	1.0000	sponsor a child in guinea - childfund came to guinea: - population below poverty line: - news about guinea - children s voices: fatoumata from guinea - around the globe with childfund in days: protecting children in guinea - amid violence, work in guinea continues - a family s access to resources means hope read more guinea is a significant source of the world s major minerals including gold, diamonds, iron ore and bauxite but the country s poor infrastructure and political uncertainty prohibits it from developing its economic potential from these and other resources. located in western africa on the north atlantic ocean between guinea-bissau and sierra leone, guinea is smaller than the state of oregon and suffers from a lack of safe water, environmentally damaged mining regions and preventable diseases. we ve brought important knowledge to local health workers. education and early childhood development many children in guinea are not in school, and for younger children, there is often no foundation for later learning. our early childhood development ecd programs include building ecd centers and supplying them with materials and tools used to train families about child protection and healthy development. more than children have attended school in our ecd centers and we have educated families in more than 530 homes about how to protect their children and motivate their development. healthier families and children working with the ministry of health, we ve brought important knowledge, including information about hiv and aids, to local health workers and have hired and trained 128 community volunteers to educate the community about disease prevention, proper hygiene and more. we also work to make health services affordable. to provide access to safe water and sanitation facilities, we have provided water systems. sponsor a child in guinea today and make a difference in a child s life.
__label__math	0.8731	how do you get hiv? hiv can be passed on when infected bodily fluid, such as blood or semen, is passed into an uninfected person. semen is the liquid which is released from a man's penis during sex which carries sperm. it can be infected with hiv or aids when someone is hiv positive or is carrying the aids virus. this can happen during unprotected sex. for example when two people have sex without using a condom when one partner is already infected, or between drug users who inject and share needles. it can't be transmitted by things like coughing, sneezing, kissing, sharing a toilet seat, swimming pools, sweat and tears.
__label__non_math	1.0000	click inside to see what you should be watching on the internet and on tv. in the season premiere of "psych," the show has taken on a darker tone as shawn's dad is in critical condition in a hospital after being shot in last season's finale. shawn decides to track down the dirty cops he was investigating with his dad, with help from gus. usa p.m. est. "how i met your mother" star jason segal and "oz the great and powerful" star michelle williams have ended their relationship, people reports. the couple had dated for about a year, and had begun living together this past fall. sources close to the couple say long distance was a major factor in the break-up, as segal was based in los angeles while williams resided in new york city. williams has a -year-old daughter, matilda, from a prior relationship with the late heath ledger, who was frequenlty seen with the couple. hot video: madonna warned her pics are too racy for instagram gatehouse news service
__label__non_math	1.0000	click inside to see what you should be watching on the internet and on tv. jess confesses her true feelings to nick on tonight's episode of "new girl." meanwhile, nick is trying to impress a female bartender, schmidt decides to get a fish, and no part of any episode summary explains why this episode is called "quick hardening caulk." fox p.m. est. lindsey lohan will spend days in lock-down rehab and five days in jail as part of a plea bargain for violating probation after being charged with lying to an officer, reckless driving and obstruction after a car accident, yahoo news reports. lock-down rehab means lohan must be at the facility and cannot leave the premises for any reason. she also must perform days of community service and complete months of psychological counseling. lohan was on probation for stealing a necklace in , and arrived to her hearing on monday minutes late. this will be her sixth trip to rehab. hot video: tiger woods and lindsey vonn officially announce relationship gatehouse news service
__label__non_math	1.0000	posts tagged judas dean haglund is in pennsylvania. phil leirness is in the uk. yet, through the magic of podcasting, they are together in a historic building in downtown los angeles , where they welcome two special guests from london. john kay steel is a talented and accomplished actor and voice artist. natalie haverstock is a gifted improv comic and the most amazing balloon artist in all the known universe sit back and enjoy one of the most unusual episodes yet of your chillpak hollywood hour oh, and make sure to check out this video of dean in his scuba diving gear made of balloons.
__label__non_math	0.9999	beijing, may xinhua -- u.s. senator john kerry said here thursday that the obama administration would send a negotiating team on climate change to china in the next two weeks or so. the u.s. president's top science advisor, john holdren, and the designated negotiator for climate change, todd stern, would meet with chinese officials, kerry, who is also chairman of the senate committee on foreign relations, told a press briefing. they would have an opportunity to flesh out proposals, said kerry. "i can guarantee you there will be a very sincere and committed effort by the united states to try to do exactly that." at the invitation of the national people's congress, china's top legislature, kerry kicked off his china visit on may . kerry said the principal focus of his trip over the last week was to encourage cooperation on global climate change and work to ensure a successful outcome for the copenhagen meeting. a united nations meeting on climate change is to be held in that danish city at the end of this year. kerry said he had been involved with the issue of climate change for about years and met with chinese delegations in various locations. "i will say unequivocally that this has been the most constructive and most productive discussions that we have ever had... with chinese officials in conjunction with the lead-up work that minister xie has done in his meeting ... in washington, which has been very constructive and helpful to lead to this," said kerry. xie zhenhua, vice minister in charge of the national development and reform commission, the top economic planning agency, attended a preparatory session for the major economies forum on energy and climate in washington on april and . china recognized the need to address climate change now as a critical component of its sustainable development and modernization strategy, said kerry. kerry further noted that both countries had agreed to pursue immediate opportunities for bilateral cooperation on clean energy. kerry expressed confidence about the possibility of a successful outcome in copenhagen, saying: "i was pleased to hear the leadership of china commit to a willingness to cooperate in new ways to try to meet these challenges." "action to address climate change advances the economic recovery and national security goals of both the united states and china," he said.
__label__non_math	0.9967	attack and reteat signals? posted july - posted july - "you can believe in any god, as long as it's our god." posted july - one should seek serenity to cultivate the body, thriftiness to cultivate the morals. if you are not simple and frugal, your ambition will not sparkle. if you are not calm and cool, you will not reach far. - zhugeliang posted july - the drums, on the other hand, were often very large, to create a truly awe-inspiring roar. i've heard the chinese drum beaten as a signal for a charge in a performance that we took part in when i was training in the singapore army , and it's really morale-stirring for your own guys and terrifying for the enemy. much more so than the little western military drum, which is really more for marching than anything else. compared to the drums, all that's needed for the bells or gongs is that they be loud and high-pitched enough to be audible above the roar of battle. an example of large chinese bronze bells: user s are reading this topic members, guests, anonymous users
__label__non_math	0.9930	the plum rain that envelops shanghai every summer a confusing mix of drizzle, fog and smog is a handy metaphor for the murkiness that currently enshrouds china s economy. a drumbeat of negative views about china s economic prospects dominates the country s image. the financial weekly barron s recently proclaimed in a cover story that it looks like the great china growth story may be falling apart. on friday, china is expected to announce new, subpar growth figures. but consider a less prominent fact: a bloomberg survey of economic forecasters yielded an average projected growth rate for china of .percent for . if that s the oft-predicted hard landing from the heights of china s historic double-digit rates, let s all wish for a similar fate for the united states. no other major country not even brazil or india will grow at a rate near china s this year. as a china believer who recently made a return trip to the country after eight months, i was eager to assess whether the optimism evident there during my past visits had ebbed. i met with businesspeople and investors, mostly chinese. to be sure, almost every meeting included an acknowledgment of relative soft spots in the economy and worries about things like declining exports, weakening western economies, a housing bubble, too much investment and a failure to spur domestic consumption. but on balance, the people i met were firmly optimistic that the fundamental urge to surge remained. if anything, the intervening decline in the chinese stock market had made them more enthusiastic about investing. china wants you to misunderstand this economy, one very successful investor said, suggesting that it serves china s interests to be underestimated by the united states. concerns about china s economy are often exacerbated by anxieties about its political stability amid a leadership transition, rampant corruption and official economic data of questionable veracity. but put those emotions and knee-jerk skepticism aside, and the economic picture looks rosy, at least to me. take, for example, china s extraordinary investment rate of percent of gross domestic product. high investment is a hallmark of an emerging economy; china s capital stock per capita is still only about one-tenth of the united states , which suggests room for further investment. all that spending gives china a feeling of lunging further and further into the 21st century. visiting pudong, shanghai s shiny new financial district, i recalled that when it was built, in the late 1990s, the vast project was ridiculed by critics as unlikely to ever be fully utilized. today, pudong is a major money center. no doubt a portion of china s investment has been misdirected. but misdirected overinvestment won t bring down an economy; it simply represents lost consumption for chinese families. in any event, i d prefer some misdirected investment to the united states alternative: a modest percent investment rate. as for concerns about the housing market, here s what passes for a burst bubble in china: a .percent decline in housing prices over nine months and then a small increase in june . compare that with the percent drop in the united states between july and january . and what of the economic downturn in the west? though it has indisputably hurt chinese exports which are still growing, albeit at a rapidly decelerating rate , china is now far less dependent on its exports; their share of gdp has dropped from almost percent in to percent. china may be totalitarian, but its leaders still behave as if they had .billion customers whom they need to keep happy by delivering steady and rapid progress up the economic ladder. interest rates were cut in june and were just lowered again. constraints on bank lending have been relaxed. the luxury tax was reduced. and notably, the managed appreciation of china s currency over the past two years or so has been slightly reversed as china continues to pursue its neomercantilist strategy of manipulating everything from technology transfers to trade barriers. while china has instituted only modest measures to stimulate consumer spending, the investors i met with are buying up businesses ranging from car dealerships to dairies, betting that the chinese will step up their expenditures. the pessimists-lite those who argue that china s growth rate may not re-accelerate may be right. no economy can expand indefinitely at china s historic double-digit rate. but for me, china s economy still pulsates with the confidence of its growing entrepreneurial spirit, an important factor that doesn t fit neatly into statistical models. steven rattner, a contributing opinion writer, is a longtime wall street executive and a former counselor to the treasury secretary
__label__non_math	0.9989	mirroring foreign relations following world war ii, it appears japan is once again beholden to the us to preserve regional security. the us must toe a careful line between advancing japanese interests and containing china. ian bremmer and david grodon argue that while the trans-pacific partnership tpp and the us shale revolution have broad implications for china, they are president obama s most important foreign policy tools and are not meant to contain china. china is fully aware that a peaceful and stable middle east is in the interest of the people in the region as well as the interest of the international community. this understanding is the starting point on which china bases its treatment of the middle east issues. the rise in the economic and military power of china, and the fear it invokes in american leaders, mirrors thucydides explanation of the peloponnesian war creating a modern-day athens and sparta. now that washington has sent beijing a clear message it will be around for the long haul, however, the time has come for the two countries to deepen and institutionalize relationship to secure asia s lasting peace and prosperity. china-watchers look on to see how current territorial disputes in the east china sea will be addressed as japanese prime minister abe heads to the united states. backtracking by the obama administration may appease abe in the short term, but will enrage china further complicating sino-us relations. thank you for visiting china us focus. we are working to improve the site, and hope you will take a few minutes to complete this anonymous survey. your valuable opinions are most appreciated.
__label__non_math	1.0000	when i talk about the west in the title, i m referring to the western part of china. a great deal of thought and ink and pixels have been devoted to how the recent violence in the western part of china has affected the country s image in the runup to the beijing olympics. i m not ... read more... share this blog popular tagsadvertising apple baidu beijing business china chinamobile chinese development dollar earthquake economic economics economy environment facebook gaming global globalization google government internet investment iphone management market marketing media microsoft online party pr qq search shanda shanghai shenzhen social software stevejobs technology tencent twitter us yahoo
__label__non_math	0.9995	mosby's handbook of drug-herb and drug-supplement interactions publisher: churchill livingstone organised alphabetically by drug name and features, this new book provides an entry for each drug-herb supplement combination that has a proven interaction. each entry is rated on a scale of to and includes information on related drugs, an interaction summary and discussion, management suggestions and references. in addition to the core material, there are also several helpful appendices on interactions by herb or supplement, nutrient depletions and drug-herb add-on depressant interactions. - evidence-based content includes the most up-to-date, current research on herb supplement and pharmaceutical interactions. - a unique rating scale uses scientific evidence to grade the level of interaction expected. - references are included for each drug-herb drug-supplement combination. - a logical organization enables the reader to find information quickly. - several appendices provide information on interactions by herb or supplement, nutrient depletions, and drug-herb add-on depressant interactions. weight including packaging : 450g now: . zero tax there are currently no reviews for this book. be the first people who purchased this also purchased... price: . . price: . . price: . . subscribe to cmt
__label__non_math	0.9996	comfort hotel downtown cn228 charles st. e., supports green practices"supports green initiatives" designates a hotel's participation in an optional environmental program that includes the use of energy-efficient lighting, guestroom towel linen re-use, and on-premise recycling. "supports green initiatives" does not represent an official certification of any kind. room rates from price shown is in hotel's local currency earn extra points when you stay with us includes ,000 choice privileges bonus points per stay. a stay is defiened as any number of consecutive nights at one hotel regardless of check-ins and check-outs. valid dates: valid year-round requirements: night minimum length of stay book now and enjoy breakfast with your stay package includes full american breakfast for two in our onsite masa restaurant per night. valid dates: valid until requirements: night maximum length of stay and day advance booking stay with us and help a good cause package includes full complimentary breakfast in masa for two, .bluenotes gift card and the hotel will donate .for each reservation to denim for the cure. valid dates: valid until get your thrills and save money when you stay with us package includes complimentary full breakfast for two. receive a discount on your room rate when attending any event in town by showing your ticket at check-in. rates will be adjusted at check-out. valid dates: valid until requirements: day advance booking
__label__non_math	0.9951	why can some people drink heavily and never become alcoholics when other people get addicted so quickly? contributing factors to the development of alcoholism why some people can use and even abuse alcohol without ever developing alcoholism, and why some people seem unusually susceptible to alcoholism, remains a poorly understood phenomenon. there is a genetic component to alcoholism, and people who grow up in alcoholic homes are far more likely to become alcoholics themselves. children born to alcoholic parents, but raised in homes without alcohol abuse or addiction are also predisposed to alcoholism, so we do know that genetics plays an important role. but all people genetically predisposed to alcoholism do not develop dependencies, and some people with no genetic history of alcoholism end up battling the disease for years. it is now accepted that although a genetic predisposition plays an important influence in the development of the disease, that social and environmental factors are in fact the lager influences towards alcohol abuse or alcoholism. in addition to genetic influences, the mayo clinic considers that there are three additional primary influences to alcohol abuse or alcoholism. emotional states or emotional stressors can induce alcohol abuse and alcoholism people may use alcohol excessively in response to frequent or significant emotional disturbances or stresses. when alcohol is used with enough frequency as an emotional management or stress coping tool the risk of dependency or alcoholism increases greatly. there is also likely a bio physical link with stress and alcohol abuse, and stress hormones have been casually linked to increased alcohol consumption and a greater risk for alcoholism. people who use alcohol to deal with life's problems or stresses are at a greater risk to develop alcoholism. the co-presence of a corresponding psychiatric condition people suffering through psychiatric conditions like depression, bi polar disorder, borderline personality disorder or anxiety disorders are at a greatly elevated risk to develop alcohol abuse problems or alcoholism. psychiatric patients often use alcohol or other illicit drugs to self medicate the negative symptoms of an experienced disorder. unfortunately, while intoxication may bring some temporary relief, the long term effects of alcohol abuse almost always worsen experienced psychiatric symptoms. alcoholic psychiatric patients are at a great risk for an accelerated progression of both diseases, and require immediate interventions and treatment. in addition to clinical psychiatric conditions, non clinical, but still significant factors such as low self esteem can also increase the likelihood to alcohol abuse, and ultimately alcoholism. alcohol is rarely an effective long term coping strategy. social environmental factors as a society, largely due to billions of dollars invested in alcohol advertising campaigns, there is a perception of alcohol being associated with glamour, attractiveness and success, and these lingering subconscious perceptions may influence people to try alcohol at a young age and continue to drink more than they should throughout life. the immediate environment can also increase the probability of alcoholism. people who socialize, or live romantically with a person who drinks to excess, whether dependent or not, are far more likely to also drink heavily, and put themselves at risk for alcohol abuse and alcoholism. even the neighborhood around the home seems to influence consumption patterns, and people brought up in or who reside in neighborhoods of heavy abuse are also more likely to use and abuse alcohol themselves. nothing about alcoholism is completely understood, and all we know is that the variables that can induce alcohol abuse and ultimately alcoholism are many, and that what may cause alcohol dependence in one, seem to have little influence over another. we all present with an individual risk profile for our susceptibility to the disease, although those people with a genetic history of alcoholism are undoubtedly at an increased risk to develop the disease. regardless of the factors that may induce the occurrence of the disease, the treatments are essentially the same, and alcoholics need intervention, intensive treatment, and long term aftercare therapies. most alcoholics will never be capable of drinking in moderation, and abstinence is the only recommended philosophy of use for people with alcoholic histories. page last updated
__label__non_math	0.9275	reality in everyday usage means "everything that exists". the term reality, in its widest sense, includes everything that is, whether it is observable, comprehensible, or self-contradictory by science, philosophy, or any other system of analysis. reality in this sense may include both being and nothingness, whereas existence is often restricted to being compare with nature . in the strict sense of western philosophy, there are levels or gradation to the nature and conception of reality. these levels include, from the most subjective to the most rigorous: phenomenological reality, truth, fact, and axiom. other philosophies, particularly those founded in eastern religions like hinduism and buddhism have different explications of reality. conceptions of reality in buddhism include: dharma, paramattha dhamma, samsara and maya illusion in sanskrit . phenomenological reality
__label__non_math	0.9996	i missed the last few weeks as well. i'll join you in the naughty corner.great quote and me, i'll be missing this week from one quote i find it hard to guess a theme. it could be anything from ancient empires, great men in history, world shattering asassinations, loads of possibilities here. i'll wait until the next quote. i think today's quote will clear it up for you all. you can't go wrong with shakespeare, so quotable thanks for visiting
__label__non_math	0.9992	by alasdair roxburgh, churches campaigns manager christian aid partner savior mwambwa from zambia joins supporters to call for tax justice as part of the tax justice bus tour in oxford photo courtesy of: richard cave, oxford mail with the diamond jubilee, the olympics and much more, has been a memorable year. and it s certainly been an eventful year for our campaigns. ticking for tax justice tax dodging has been all over the press this year, with politicians speaking out against it and companies tax affairs under scrutiny in the media. the movement for tax justice is growing. it s just over two years since the first uk uncut protests captured headlines around the world. since then, a growing wave of anger has been expressed through protests and putting pressure on politicians. we ve continued to push our campaign throughout the year or perhaps we should say we ve driven it. from august to october, our tax justice bus tour took our campaign across britain and ireland with huge success. five thousand people climbed aboard the bus, including dozens of church leaders. over ,000 of you ticked for tax justice, calling on david cameron to take action, while more than mps were lobbied. thanks to you, the message that tax dodging hurts the poor is being heard by those in power and we are beginning to see action as if all this wasn t enough, we ve just had news of another significant step forwards for tax justice. this is thanks to your pressure on vince cable to push for strong new eu laws that would help to tackle tax dodging. a climate of change in june you asked the prime minister to show global leadership on poverty as he travelled to the mexico g20 summit. we celebrated in the uk when our demands for the mandatory reporting of carbon emissions were met. nick clegg announced a new policy that will force ,600 of the uk s biggest firms to publish their greenhouse gas figures. fired up by this success, we joined our friends at stop climate chaos scc to show the government that green is working and to urge them to support a greener economy. regrettably the government has declined to set a target for decarbonising uk electricity. but all is not lost. the government is looking at alternative ways of decarbonising energy supplies and scc will keep pushing for low carbon energy commitments in the energy bill. thanks to you, has been a great success is set to be even better. we are uniting with other international development charities to speak with one voice, to tell our leaders that enough is enough and that strong action must be taken to address the structural causes of poverty and hunger.
__label__non_math	0.9951	labour must be aborted by barry napier "bible theology ministries calls christians in the uk to vote conservative on june ." christian publications take very great care not to upset political parties and never say anything to influence christian voters. the main reason for this coyness is that the voters are also readers. if they dislike the advice, they ll just stop buying the publication it is our plain duty to ask christians in the uk not to vote for the labour party. readers should look back at a variety of articles we have published on the matter over the past few months. however, let us sum up our reasons for the advice... the labour party is socialist. socialism is what we call the blunt-end of communism , because that is really what it is. we see it in the way it tries to crush everyone in to its own mould. tony blair is probably the most dictatorial of all labour prime ministers. he rides rough-shod over everyone, even in his own party. he pushes through laws without the consent of the people. to gain advantage in the house of lords he even made many new peers. that, friends, is an abuse of power and spells disaster for us all in the future. labour has previously said that it wishes to remove true religion from britain. it is rushing headlong in to full partnership with the european union eu . many are deceived in to thinking this will be to our benefit. but it will only benefit those who are sycophants of the eu... those with vast stocks of money and power. the eu is roman catholic through and through so any vote for labour by christians is a vote to destroy their own freedom to worship and to preach the true gospel of jesus christ by going fully in to the eu we will at last get rid of the british pound in favour of the ridiculous euro ...even though in the last few days its value has taken a nose-dive of almost the eu is also building its own armed forces...so any action taken by faceless men in brussels will commit us all to war, whether or not we agree to it. indeed, since a tory leader, edward heath, lied through his back teeth to get us in to europe in , the decline in our freedoms and increase in eu demands have grown at a fast rate. tony blair is roman catholic, but for the title. his wife, a champion of homosexuals, is already catholic. blair operates through a network of cronies and ignores public outcry. he is a dictator in the communist sense and loves to use lots and lots of unworkable rhetoric not backed with results. our taxes are rising all the time, the labour government rushes to obey every little whim of the law-lords of brussels, even though other countries drag their heels. every part of our sovereignty is being attacked and dismantled, so as to make britain just a bland and cooperative slave. make no mistake we are not partners if labour takes us in to europe fully we will lose our identity as a nation. and when that happens, we will witness the complete reversal of the reformation as rome presents britain to mary as her dowry. this can happen in the next few years if we are duped enough to vote labour back in to office. we are not saying that other parties are free of sleaze, or that they are that much worse. but labour is blunt communism and linked with rome. labour loves to extol the virtues of sexual deviants and wishes to remove christian values from our shores. at least the tories retain many values we would like to see in our lives this election will be vital to our spiritual health as a nation. we will either get rid of a government that stamps about like spoilt children to get their own way, or we will be faced with the worst political and social disaster we can ever imagine. the eu will see to that, as rome at last gets back the power it lost centuries ago through british martyrs. this is not mere talk or passion it is real. it is fighting talk. it is a call to christians to reject the political party that has made a mockery of justice, morality and social concern. let us call a halt to the decline. let us cast off our eu masters and those who get rich on our backs. let us vote away from labour. it will be a mistake to use a spoiler vote . what we need is a deliberate vote for the tory party, because it is the better party at this time, though it will need much reshaping after the vote has been cast. yes, as a christian organisation we are sticking our necks out. but, frankly, it does not bother us "the effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much." james bible theology ministries po box 415, swansea sa5 8yh
__label__non_math	1.0000	dating in mississippi is just as frustrating as dating in other states; you get stuck looking for love in all the wrong places and in all the wrong ways. most of us are guilty of looking for the wrong types of men or women. it's time to meet singles that share your values and beliefs; christianmingle.com has christian singles online from all over mississippi. fill out a profile as honestly as you can and you will be matched with other mississippi christian singles with whom you will have common goals and ideals. christian dating online allows you to make friendships and look for matches from the comfort of your computer. you can check out the mississippi christian singles and get to know them online before you take the step to get to know them in person. take your next step and begin christian dating online. who knows? you never know when true love will pop up on your computer monitor.
__label__non_math	1.0000	pennsylvania is a great place to be, but aside from your own small community and your hometown, it can be hard to find the right people to date in pennsylvania. searching for christian singles can be even more difficult. once you've gotten to know everyone at church, work, or your circle of friends, it seems like your options run out quick. if you are still single and find yourself in a situation like this, don't let your hope disappear. turn to christian dating online at christianmingle.com and find more pennsylvania christian singles than you ever imagined. christian dating online is perfect for christian singles in pennsylvania who feel there aren't enough choices in your area. expand your dating horizons with pennsylvania christians online. fill out your profile and you will be matched to other pennsylvania christian singles. christian dating online has such a relaxed and normal feel without any pressure to impress right away, so take your time browsing for other pennsylvania christian singles just like you. read profiles and get to know them better. when the pressure is off of both of you, it's so much easier to make a connection with another person. don't wait to begin searching for great pennsylvania christian singles; you never know who is looking for someone just like you.
__label__non_math	1.0000	in just a few minutes, you could be searching thousands of photos of singles who live near you ready for a new relationship? register for free today at christianmingle.com and you can create your own profile, initiate contact with other members, perform searches and more meet christian singles religious singles single ministry advertise with us spark networks usa, llc is a wholly-owned subsidiary of spark networks, inc., a nyse amex company lov . spark networks usa, llc does not conduct background checks on the members or subscribers of this website.
__label__non_math	0.9997	- photo: dan delzell the need for christian apologetics in the world today is growing. this is due largely to the fact that so many people have essentially been brainwashed in their beliefs about jesus christ, the bible, heaven, hell, and the immortality of the soul. but even after all the intellectual evidence is presented, many hearers still choose to reject the gospel. their moral resistance outweighs whatever intellectual ground they may have conceded. the mind of unconverted man is certainly capable of considering the history of the bible and the fundamentals of god's plan of redemption. but when it comes to yielding one's life to jesus christ....and turning away from your sin and your perceived "right" to set your own agenda....and accepting christ as your savior....well, that moves things into a realm that is deeper than just the mind....into the realm of the spirit. at his core, man is absolutely opposed to having anyone but himself as the king of his universe. that predisposition manifests itself in a multitude of ways from an early age. man is by nature selfish, arrogant, and self-reliant. this does not bode well for his spiritual health. for the most part, children tend to be pretty open to the gospel message. but as young people grow into their teen years and beyond, it becomes increasingly tougher to convince them to "surrender self" and "kneel at the mercy" of their creator. man tends to be too proud for such a thing. that goes against the grain of our faulty thinking and our stubborn will. oh yes....the will....is there anything more powerful on earth than man's will? is there anything man won't do if he sets his mind to it? the decisions of man's will are based on his thinking....and his understanding. this is the very point at which apologetics is aimed....at the intellect....and the reasoning....and the walls. apologetics can help to knock down some of the walls which have been constructed in the mind between man and christ. but even if every wall were to come down, man would still be left standing face-to-face with christ....with the one is who is the king of kings....and man would be left with the ultimate decision: "do i want to continue to be my own king....or do i desire christ to be my king, my lord, my savior, and my friend?" at that point, many say "no way." they refuse, with their will, to submit to this king. they refuse to believe that he is who he claimed to be. they refuse to surrender their "right" to be their own guiding light....and their own means of spiritual enlightenment. they walk away unsaved....hardened in their heart....and convinced that they made the right decision. such is the plight of multitudes of people on the planet today. it is very sad to see how many people never get past the walls....and never come face-to-face with christ. they have no idea what their life would be like if only they knew jesus as their best friend....and eternal redeemer. they think they know what "all that religious stuff" is about....but they don't have a clue. and they fail to recognize how their rejection of christ is keeping them from the one person who would be able to forgive their sins....and fully prepare them to stand before the lord on judgment day without blame and free from punishment. you may or may not realize that "god commands all people everywhere to repent." acts you are part of "all people everywhere." you are only one....but god loves you dearly....and it is not his desire that you pay for your own sins. "god did not send his son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him." john you are either going to be condemned by christ on judgment day....or saved by him during your time on earth. there is no middle ground. it is either one or the other. and every time you tell god "no" or "maybe later," you are hardening your heart that much more. if you are one of those who remains blind to jesus, then please hear this: the lord is giving you an opportunity today to repent....and believe the good news....and have the scales removed from your eyes. by choosing to laugh it off....or intellectualize it away....you are resisting the very person who died on a cross to save you. you are rejecting the one who created you....and the one before whom you will be accountable one day. having said all of that....this might be your day when everything changes. this might be your day when you "drill down deeper" than just the mind....and the intellectual debates....into the realm of the spirit, as you stop rejecting....and begin accepting....those things which god tells us in his word. what would it hurt to pray the following prayer, and mean it? go ahead....read it first....meditate on the meaning of the words....and then, if you believe it....and want it....just pray it. this is your time....coming face-to-face with the lord. "jesus....there is much i don't know about you....but i know i am a sinner. i am far from perfect, and have disobeyed your commands....and i desire the forgiveness of my sins, and eternal salvation in heaven with you. i believe you gave your life on the cross to forgive my sins. come into my life....wash away my sins with the blood which you shed for me....and fill me with the holy spirit. change my heart o god. make it pure, like you. change my desires. make them holy, like you. and remove the scales from my eyes to see what so many others already see about your love and your free gift of eternal life. i need you jesus. i surrender my heart....and my life....to your purposes. i kneel at the foot of the cross as one in desperate need of pardon. hear my prayer o lord. have mercy on me. and receive me into your eternal family. in jesus' name. amen."
__label__non_math	0.9998	myrlie evers-williams, widow of civil rights activist medgar evers, will deliver the invocation at president barack obama's second public inauguration on jan. , event organizers announced tuesday. evers-williams, , will reportedly be the first woman and non-clergy member to deliver one of the most public prayers in america's political history. "i am humbled to have been asked to deliver the invocation for the 57th inauguration of the president of the united states -- especially in light of this historical time in america when we will celebrate the 50th anniversary of the civil rights movement," evers-williams said in a statement released by the presidential inauguration committee. "it is indeed an exhilarating experience to have the distinct honor of representing that era," she added. president obama will be officially sworn in to his second term in office on jan. in a private ceremony, and the public ceremony including the invocation and benediction will take place on jan. , on the martin luther king jr. holiday. evers-williams' prayer will come at the beginning of the jan. inauguration ceremony, while evangelical pastor louie giglio, founder of the passion movement, which teaches students about human trafficking, will deliver the benediction. according to the washington post, the inaugural committee released a statement saying that obama chose to have evers-williams and giglio speak because their careers "reflect the ideals that the vice president and i continue to pursue for all americans -- justice, equality and opportunity." evers-williams, a civil rights activist in her own right, served as the chairwoman of the national association for the advancement of colored people from to , and founded the medgar evers institute in jackson, miss. evers-williams is currently a distinguished scholar-in-residence at alcorn state university in lorman, miss. this year marks the 50th anniversary of the death of medgar evers, who was assassinated in june by byron de la beckwith, a member of the white citizens' council. evers worked to end segregation at the university of mississippi and was appoint as the state's first naacp field secretary in . as observers have noted, obama's choice of evers-williams to deliver the invocation proves to be a unique move away from the traditional choice of a clergy member. for example, in , well-known evangelical christian pastor rick warren of saddleback church in california delivered the invocation at obama's first inauguration ceremony, in what abc news described as "inclusive but deeply religious."
__label__non_math	1.0000	justin bieber: oh baby much more than a biography, justin bieber: oh baby this item is available from amazon.com books
__label__non_math	0.9980	cinema sewer: the adults only guide to history's sickest and sexiest movies the best of the first twelve, long-out-of-print issues of the celebrated underground smash magazine cinema sewer. a mind-melting compilation of gonzo writing, illustration and comics about the most insane, sexy, awkward, cheesy, hilarious, upsetting and jaw-dropping movies in the history of film, cinema sewer joyously celebrates the sleaziest aspects of the moviegoing experience, while delving deep into bizarre cinematic history. bougie's distinctive writing style has made him famous among a loyal following of cult film fans. includes: ?graphic illustrations by bougie and associates? bizarre film trivia? 100 pages of never-before-seen interviews, rants, comics? rare genre film ads? diy 'zine aesthetic. price: . this item is available from amazon.com books
__label__non_math	1.0000	add a special message or choose our editor's sweet suggestion and upload a photograph to this personalized card featuring the sweet art from the bestselling book sylvia long's mother goose , a treasury of classic verses. by sylvia long sylvia long is the award-winning illustrator of several books for children including the bestsellers ten little rabbits and alejandro's gift. ms. long's detailed paintings are inspired by her love of animals and the outdoors. we strive to get your order to you as quickly as possible. it will take only business days to create your personalized books and gifts. shipping time will vary according to our shipping partner s estimated timelines below. standard shipping: to business days. your books and or gifts will arrive to business days from the time of your order. express shipping: business days. your books and or gifts will arrive business days from the time of your order. shipping estimates and costs are valid for the continental united states only. at this time, the express shipment option is not available outside the continental united states. customers in hawaii, alaska, puerto rico, guam, and u.s. territories will be charged a flat rate of .for standard shipping for all mychroniclebooks.com orders.
__label__non_math	0.9972	articles and posts by tom piatak: more on roberts i hate to disagree with rick oliver, but i think he is too optimistic about john roberts. what roberts decision today tells us is that he is unlikely to ever cast a decisive vote against the consensus of the washington elite. this means that the roberts court will never overturn roe v. wade, because such a decision would create even more controversy than overturning obamacare would have. and it also means that roberts is unlikely to resist the strong political pressure that exists in elite circles to create a constitutional right to gay marriage. quick thoughts on the supreme court putting together the court s two most notable recent decisions, the arizona immigration decision and the obamacare decision, leads to this unsettling conclusion: there is virtually nothing the states can do on their own, and there is virtually nothing the federal government cannot do. if that is what the founders intended, i m a unicorn. we also now have further confirmation of another unsettling pattern: republican presidents will offset the nomination of any reliable conservative to the supreme court with someone who is not a reliable conservative. thus we had reagan appoint antonin scalia, but also sandra day o connor and anthony kennedy. in fairness to reagan, i should note that the initial appointment for kennedy s seat was robert bork, whose rejection by the senate was one of the most consequential acts undertaken by the senate in my lifetime . bush senior appointed clarence thomas, but also david s0uter. and bush junior appointed samuel alito, but also john roberts. and it should be noted that if bush junior had gotten his way, his record would be even worse, since his first choice for alito s seat was harriet miers. by contrast, no democratic president has appointed someone who was not a reliable liberal to the supreme court since john f. kennedy nominated byron white. globalism is not a conservative value barack obama s recent concern over sending american jobs overseas is as phony as his broken promise, made during the ohio democratic primary in , to renegotiate nafta, but there is little doubt that his attack on mitt romney s record of outsourcing american jobs during romney s tenure at bain capital is politically potent. the elites who favor free trade and globalism told us not to worry about the disappearance of manufacturing jobs because they would be replaced by more desirable high tech jobs, but the reality is that both manufacturing jobs and jobs in technical fields have been sent overseas in enormous numbers and that america now creates very few jobs in any sector of the economy subject to foreign competition. if romney wishes to overcome this attack, he will not follow the example of kevin williamson of national review, who was indignant at the suggestion that american jobs should remain in america. any such concerns, williamson wrote, reflect xenophobia, backward, ignorant chauvinism, and the presumably racist views of economically illiterate yokels who worry about poor desperate third world brown types taking american jobs. by contrast, enlightened people like williamson realize that corporations that send jobs overseas are actually engaging in collective, coordinated global cooperation to solve the world s most pressing problems. national review talks a lot about patriotism, but it seems to think that patriotism primarily involves cheerleading for foreign wars. in fact, patriotism is a proper concern in the economic arena, and the men who built this country recognized that. the second bill signed by george washington was a tariff, one of whose stated objectives was the encouragement and protection of manufactures. george washington was interested in promoting the american economy, not the global economy, and his economic patriotism guided america until the 20th century. the challenge to economic patriotism came from the left, not the right, and the first modern president to favor the globalism espoused by williamson was the disastrous woodrow wilson. but even wilson never showed the contempt for americans concerned about losing jobs to foreign countries that supposed conservatives like kevin williamson do today. a quiet man i recently had the chance to visit the village of annascaul on the stunningly beautiful dingle peninsula in ireland. the attraction in annascaul was the south pole inn, opened by annascaul native tom crean after his retirement from the royal navy. crean was, by all accounts, a modest man reluctant to draw attention to himself, but he was one of the heroes of the golden age of antarctic exploration. crean was a member of two of robert scott s antarctic expeditions, and on scott s final expedition he saved the life of one of his comrades by volunteering to walk miles across the ross ice shelf to get help. i first became aware of crean because of his involvement in ernest shackleton s imperial trans-antarctic expedition of , which failed in its goal of traversing antarctica but which justly became famous as one of the most amazing survival stories in history. the best account of that expedition remains, in my view, alfred lansing s classic, endurance . crean played an important role in helping shackleton rescue all of his men after the expedition s ship was trapped and crushed in the pack ice. shackleton chose crean to be on the of the five men to accompany him on the 800 mile journey in a small boat through some of the roughest seas on the planet from elephant island to south georgia, and crean was one of the three men to cross the south georgia alps without a map or proper mountaineering gear to get help at the whaling station on the other side of south georgia. tom crean was tough, brave, and self-reliant, but also kindly, cheerful, and loyal. he was a fitting representative of an age that vauled duty over pleasure, discipline over self-indulgence, and achievement over celebrity. today s values are far different, which helps explain why we no longer have many men like tom crean. mitt romney promises to expand immigration president obama s announcement of a de facto amnesty for illegal immigrants by administrative fiat offered a chance for mitt romney to appeal to the majority of americans who consistently tell pollsters that they want to see immigration reduced. instead, romney told a gathering of hispanic politicians that he will increase immigration, by raising the caps for temporary work visas, by allowing green card holders to bring in family members, by increasing the number of h1b visas, and by granting permanent residency status to all foreign students who graduate from american colleges with degrees in science, math, or engineering. the last thing america needs at a time of high unemployment and even higher underemployment is more immigration. indeed, romney s plan is a plan to displace americans from technical jobs, since the the effect of the h1b program has been to depress wages and the same program has often been used to replace qualified americans with cheaper foreigners. there are some good parts of romney s program, such as mandating that employers use the e-verify system, which will effectively weed out the job applications of those ineligble to work in the united states. still, the unfortunate reality is that, once again, neither major party is offering anything to the millions of americans who recognize that mass immigration is radically transforming america for no good reason and who want mass immigration curtailed for that very reason. insulting poland, cont. it turns out that barack obama had managed to insult poland before he ever talked about a polish death camp. the polish government had asked that lech walesa be allowed to receive the posthumous presidential medal of freedom being bestowed on jan karski. the obama white house said no, claiming that walesa was too political. most likely, the thin-skinned obama didn t want to deal with walesa, who had criticized him in the past. the refusal of one of the least deserving recipients of the nobel peace prize to meet with one of the most deserving recipients of the nobel peace prize ranks with gerald ford s refusal to meet with the great aleksandr solzhenitsyn. what walesa accomplished is so amazing that few of us who were watching ever thought something like it could happen: an unemployed electrician climbed over the fence into gdansk s lenin shipyards and helped organize a strike that caused poland s communist regime to capitulate and recognize the solidarity trade union. it was one of the most electrifying news stories of my lifetime. as it turns out, the rise of solidarity was one of the pivotal events in bringing about the end of communist rule in eastern europe within the decade and the collapse of the soviet union two years later. walesa s political career since then has seen many disappointments, but even if the constitution is amended to allow obama to serve as many terms as fdr did, it is unlikely that he will ever accomplish anything to equal what walesa did. barack obama, culture warrior one of the sillier stories told to garner support for barack obama in was that he would help bring americans together by peacefully ending the culture war, a culture war most americans found tiresome. there was never any reason to believe that obama would unite americans, since obama has always been far to the left on social and cultural issues, going so far as to oppose legislation in illinois that would have required doctors to provide medical care to infants born after a failed abortion. there was also reason to wonder how tiresome ordinary americans actually found the culture war, though the exasperation of leftist elites was perfectly understandable, since the culture war arose because millions of americans would not go along with the left s attempt to refashion america in its image. by now, of course, it is clear that the only way obama intends to end the culture war is by helping to win it for the left. this was brought home by a recent article by john heilemann in new york about obama s reelection strategy. the intent is to portray mitt romney as the embodiment of the evil america that used to exist before the cultural revolutions of the 1960s. heilemann writes that obama s campaign will emphasize abortion, immigration, and gay marriage, and heilemann quotes an anonymous campaign aide as saying, he s the fifties, he is retro, he is backward, and we are forward that s the basic construct. if you re a woman, you re hispanic, you re young, or you ve gotten left out, you look at romney and say, this f g guy is gonna take us back to the way it always was, and guess what? i ve never been part of that. so much for hope, but obama seems deadly serious about change. american presidents seem to have a habit of insulting poland. gerald ford probably lost the election when he maintained in a presidential debate that poland was not dominated by the soviets and never would be under a ford administration. the poles, who were in fact dominated by the soviets, weren t able to register a protest . then ford s hapless successor, jimmy carter, told the poles, through a bad translator, that he carnally desired them. and last night, as tom fleming notes in his post on the presidential medal of freedom, barack obama made reference to polish death camps during world war ii. since poland is no longer dominated by the soviet union, the polish government was actually in a position to protest, and polish prime minister donald tusk said that obama should apologize for comments that showed ignorance and bad intentions. tusk s point, of course, was that the death camps that operated on the territory of poland during world war ii were not polish. they were conceived by and run by the nazis who, together with the soviets, had conspired to wipe poland off the face of the map. during world war ii, poland was brutalized by both the nazis and the soviets, and some six million polish citizens, roughly evenly divided between jews and catholics, perished. it is likely that obama was simply unaware of polish sensibilities on this point. in a sense, it s hard to blame him. after all, in most portrayals of the holocaust in film and fiction, poles are shown as being, at best, crude and vicious. think of art spiegelman s maus, which depicts jews as mice, germans as cats, and poles as pigs. there is little recognition of the scale of polish suffering during world war ii, and much criticism of the poles for not doing more to help jews. in university of chicago historian peter novick s magisterial the holocaust in american life, novick relates the story of one of his students who came to his office to protest that he was letting the poles off too easy in his discussion of the holocaust. this student told novick that others felt as she did, but they were afraid of joining her protest. novick s reply was appropriately withering. in occupied poland, novick told her, if you were caught helping jews, the nazis would kill you, kill your family, and burn down your house. just what did the students who were so critical of the poles for not doing more to help the jews think novick was going to do to them? perhaps obama should have audited one of novick s courses when he was hanging around hyde park. for greater glory the story of the mexican left s murderous persecution of the church is not well known, even though it inspired one of the great novels of the 20th century, the power and the glory. the story of the cristero uprising intended to end that persecution is even less well known. but that uprising has now inspired a fine movie, for greater glory, which opens on june and which i was fortunate enough to see tonight. the cristero war was marked by tragedy and by brutality on both sides, but it is also saw brave defiance of tyranny, deep devotion to god, and heroism, and for greater glory tells that story well. it is a well made film with very fine acting, and far superior to hollywood s now standard fare of movies inspired by comic books, board games, defunct television shows, and other such wellsprings of profundity. go and see it if you have the chance. update: chris check is quite knowledgeable about the cristeros and he has written an excellent overview of their struggle. chris article may be found here. cheer, cheer for old notre dame just three days after georgetown university had kathleen sebelius on campus to address an awards ceremony during commencement week, another prominent catholic university found a better way of dealing with sebelius: the university of notre dame filed suit against sebelius in federal court, asking the court to enjoin and then vacate the obama administration s mandate requiring employers, including catholic universities, hospitals, and charities, to provide insurance for contraceptives, including contraceptives that act as abortifacients. in the complaint, notre dame included one count alleging a violation of the religious freedom restoration act, four counts alleging violations of the first amendment s religion clauses, one count alleging a violation of the first amendment s guarantee of free speech, and three counts alleging violations of the adminstrative procedure act. other catholic institutions filed similar lawsuits across the country. georgetown was not one of them . the notre dame lawsuit will likely draw more attention than the other lawsuits, because in notre dame honored president obama by inviting him to be its commencement speaker and awarding him an honorary degree, despite obama s long and vocal support for abortion. in his speech, obama promised to look for common ground with those who disagreed with him over abortion. three years later, notre dame s lawsuit is proof of how valuable obama s commitment to seeking common ground turned out to be. now all that remains is for notre dame to rescind the honorary degree obama should never have been given, preferably in a major ceremony at halftime during the home football game on the saturday closest to the election. update: since writing this, i ve read two pieces on the issue i d like to recommend, one by scott richert on the substantive issue and one by ross douthat on the politics. scott s piece may be found here and douthat s piece may be found here.
__label__non_math	0.9998	register now to comment on articles, videos, and photo slideshows. in the future, we'll be offering other features to registered users, so register now. it's free if you are already a member of our chronicle forums, please note that you will have to register again here if you'd like to comment on articles. we are sorry for the inconvenience.
__label__non_math	1.0000	do you or someone you know have a chest illness? chss is here to help you this section provides information about: - your lungs and how you breathe - the most common chest conditions: what they are and how you may feel - tests and treatments for chest conditions - living with a chest condition: tips to help you look after yourself and control your symptoms - where to get help how chss can help you - you can talk, in confidence, to one of our advice line nurses - you can order download health information resources: including booklets and factsheets - you can get support in the community through our affiliated chest groups and our pilot copd support service find out how chss helped jack after he was diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease copd .
__label__non_math	1.0000	for your information - page not found unfortunately the page you are looking for cannot be found or no longer exists. we apologize for the inconvenience. we suggest visiting one of the following pages that you may find helpful. in general our site is easy to navigate and organized in simple categories: - help: provides access to search, 311 city service directory and useful contact information. - residents: highlights information and services useful primarily to those who live in san francisco. - business: provides access to information and services relevant to businesses or those who work in san francisco. - visitor: highlights information that is of most value to those who want to visit or learn more about san francisco. - government: provides access to key city agencies and institutions and to the city's codes and legislation. - online services: serves as a gateway to online payment services available to both residents and businesses. thanks for your interest in the city and county of san francisco
__label__math	0.7832	taron lenses, meeting expectations , every time..... advantages: initial cost is far less then the original canon and nikon lenses disadvantages: the only negative point i see is the requirement of uv protection film on the lens for protection. i have been using tamron lens and have particularly a very good experience, the prices too are very commutative and obviously the picture quality is on par with the original , the price difference between the genuine canon and nikkon lenses to tamron len ... samiwaju .. read full review ciao members have rated this review on average: somewhat helpful review of tamron sp af10-24mm f .-.di ii
__label__non_math	0.9997	the first international summit of cooperatives was so successful that a second edition was confirmed from to october .read more the working group international desks is responsible for developing and implementing cooperation between cibp members in the field of cross-border activities, mainly for smes. it is in fact impossible to adequately support the smes only by taking into account the regional and national level, without considering the international level. the members of the working group have created this project on the basis of the customers growing desire to undertake international business. as many banks find it difficult to use the existing international network, the working group international desks was created in order to fine-tune useful tools to facilitate full cooperation among its members. these tools are meant to allow banks to improve their relationship with their customers and customers to overcome their fears related to international activities. aiming to support their customers, the members of the international desks working group are working on a new business model and simultaneously strengthening the existing european and international network.
__label__non_math	0.9908	to 3d or not to 3d: buy the right hobbit ticket the hobbit and the lord of the rings were made by the same people and are set in the same world, but there are a good number of things that set them apart. the first series was based on three books that had to be edited to fit into three movies, and the new trilogy is based all on a single book that has been expanded. lord of the rings is an epic tale of war, battle and struggle, and the hobbit began as a tiny story that j.r.r. tolkien used to tell his children. but perhaps the most significant point of contrast between peter jackson s old trilogy and new is the way in which in which the movies were made. taking a few big technological steps forward, the kiwi filmmaker decided to not only make the hobbit movies at a faster frame rate, but also in 3d. and just as we ask the question for every other 3d movie, we now ask it for the hobbit: an unexpected journey: is it worth paying the few extra bucks to see? below you will find a full breakdown and rating of the movie s attributes and utilization of 3d to determine whether or not it is the proper way to view the film. should you pay the additional for the different experience? find out below note: this 3d review is based on a screening of the movie that was in standard 24fps rather than 48fps does it fit? outside of animated films, it s typical that the best 3d you re ever going to find is in massive, cgi-aided action titles, and in this respect the hobbit: an unexpected journey certainly qualifies. because of the sweeping epic quality of the movie, which includes many long, aerial shots of middle-earth s beauty as the main characters trek along, as well as a few big battle scenes, there are many parts of the film that demonstrate why 3d and tolkien should be a great fit. all that said, i did take off one point from the score because the lord of the rings series wasn t made in 3d, and the format change does have a clear aesthetic effect that distances the new from the old. fit score: planning effort sure, jackson didn t make the lord of the rings movies in 3d, but it was in the conversation about the hobbit a long time before cameras started rolling before the project got the green light, even . the film was made in native 3d, and jackson even went on record during production saying that his decision to film at 48fps was largely motivated by the desire to make the 3d clearer, working to eliminate strobing and blur that s caused when the cameras are moving and create a sharper, more brilliant picture. it s still up for debate whether or not 3d is the best way to watch the hobbit keep reading planning effort score: before the window when you consider how much time and energy went into the 3d, it s actually disappointing how little the movie takes advantage of the before the window aspect of the technology a reference to how the movie plays with objects that seem to be coming out of the screen towards the audience. there is some exception, as the film isn t completely devoid of things popping out at the audience, but it s clearly not jackson s primary use of the format. between random debris from the environment, changing weather patterns, and the fact that characters are tossing around arrows and spears and such, there is plenty of opportunity presented for 3d, but it s rarely taken advantage of. hopefully it will be something we get to see a bit more of in the second and third movies. before the window score: beyond the window because jackson s focus is clearly not on making things appear to be coming out of the screen, all of his focus is instead paid towards capitalizing on depth, and in this department he hits a home run. long shots of bilbo and the company of dwarves making their way across the land is amazing enough, as you feel like you could fall into middle-earth, but where the director really shows off his skills is in more personal, intimate areas. whether it s bilbo s cozy little hobbit hole or gollum s cave in the misty mountains, jackson uses the stereoscopic camera to really explore the settings and make the audience feel like they are totally immersed in the world. beyond the window score: brightness going back to the book, probably the most famous scene in the hobbit is when bilbo baggins and gollum are having a game of riddles in a deep, dark, dank cave and the way that the movie pulls it off with the 3d is actually quite brilliant. while brightness has always been the biggest issue with the medium, due to the fact that it requires audience members to essentially wear sunglasses indoors, jackson s latest film doesn t make it a problem. some of the most climactic parts of the story happen at night or indoors, but the 3d never creates an obstruction, and the same can be said for daytime outdoor scenes, which aren t muddled or greyed out. a poor projectionist probably has more impact on this category than any other, but if you see the hobbit in a quality movie theater then brightness definitely won t be an issue during your viewing experience. brightness score: the glasses off test the reason one needs 3d glasses to watch a 3d film is because the format is created by filming two separate images that are only combined once looking through a pair of lenses that combine the images. if the lenses are removed, however, what you see is a blurry mess as your eyes can t properly process what they are seeing but more importantly, the more blur there is, the more levels of depth there is to perceive. during my screening of the hobbit i peeked over the rim of my 3d glasses more than a few times and what i saw was a mostly-positive mixed bag. while some scenes were surprisingly and disappointingly clear namely the shots that didn t really have a great opportunity to make the best of the use of the technology , for the most part the film was unwatchable without the help of the lenses. glasses off score: audience health this is an interesting subject to tackle, as previously mentioned i only saw the movie in 24fps rather than 48fps. while there have been some who have complained of dizziness and nausea as a direct result of the faster frame rate, walking out of the hobbit i felt perfectly fine which is impressive if not just because of the movie s extended length. jackson maintains his focal points well, preventing the audiences eyes from drifting too much and causing discomfort. just like every other time we write about this subject, it s important to mention that this category is a bit more subjective than some of the others, but i can honestly say i walked out of my screening feeling . audience health score: back to top
__label__non_math	1.0000	really cool special effects and the girl who plays alice does a really good job. it s not perfect though but overall i liked it. .. - age: - note: the review posted on this page is a personal opinion of our reader. we are not responsible for its content.
__label__non_math	0.9974	good self-service is simple to use, and it anticipates customers' most common mistakes. when it comes to customer self-service, most companies seem to have good intentions. in a survey conducted by cio insight, percent of respondents said their company's it departments supported customer self-service. of those respondents, percent said their companies were investing in self-service technologies to improve service quality, while only percent indicated a desire to reduce costs. yet success at delivering a great customer experience through self-service channels is spotty at best. gartner research director esteban kolsky says nearly half of web-based customer-service transactions must still be completed over the telephone. additionally, in that same cio insight survey mentioned above, percent of respondents said their company's customer-satisfaction levels had declined as a result of customers' inability to reach a live person to discuss a problem. as bill hou, vice president of self-service products at oracle corp. puts it, "there's a big difference between deflecting a call and deflecting it with a happy customer." customer self-service has been a cornerstone of queens, n.y.-based jetblue airways corp.'s business strategy since its first flight back in february . "when we launched this airline," says eric brinker, director of brand management and customer experience, "we made a commitment to provide as much technology as possible to make the customer self-sufficient." in , percent of the low-cost carrier's customers booked their flights online at jetblue.com. that compares to just percent online bookings for the total u.s. airline industry, according to travel industry consultants phocuswright inc. brinker is responsible for ensuring a consistent experience and brand image across all of jetblue's customer touch points, from the plane itself to the company web site. the airline has some intrinsic advantages when it comes to providing easy-to-use applications over its self-service channels, which include its airport-based kiosks and phone-based interactive voice response systems. for one, it is unencumbered by decades-old legacy systems built long before anyone was talking about "the customer experience." brinker says jetblue's ticket-less reservation system is much more akin to those used by hotels than by most other major airlines: customers check in simply by providing their names. jetblue also enjoys favorable customer demographicsskewed toward the young and tech savvythat have eased widespread adoption of its do-it-yourself approach, for everything from booking flights and printing boarding passes to tracking flights and checking bags. jetblue's distribution costs are also among the lowest in the industry. the airline uses only electronic tickets, which saves paper, postage, employee time and back-office processing expenses. it also requires customers to book directly with jetblue, rather than going through agents or online reservation systems that charge fees. the company's adherence to e-tickets has made it easier to introduce other innovationsjetblue is among the first carriers to allow customers to change or cancel flights on their own. brinker says that changing tickets at other airlines is "like doing a wire transfer with your bank, complete with clearinghouses and multiple agencies involved." brinker sprinkles his conversation with words like "friendly" and "welcoming" to describe jetblue's web site and kiosks. "we looked at a lot of best-in-class user interfaces and took our cues from them. our kiosk is modeled after the ticketing kiosks used in the new york city subway system. we want checking in with jetblue to be as easy as buying a metrocard." the airport kiosk interface also mirrors jetblue's web site interface, and anticipates customer mistakes. for example, customers often print out the e-mail confirmation of their flight in error, rather than the actual boarding pass they are required to present at the gate. those e-mail messages include a barcode that passengers can scan at the airport kiosk in order to quickly print the correct boarding pass on the fly. jetblue also rewards self-reliance. customers are charged . members of jetblue's loyalty program, trueblue, receive double points for booking flights online, so they can earn a free flight twice as quickly. despite such rewards, jetblue is continually challenged in its mission to get customers to embrace self-service. the airline promotes kiosks as the fastest way to check bags before dropping them with an agent, but customers sometimes find a much longer line at the kiosk than at the traditional counter, which erodes the kiosk's value proposition. jetblue would also like to see more customers printing boarding passes at home. the role of standards in cloud security security is often cited as a primary cause for concern...watch now ensuring resources for mission critical workloads application workloads can thrive in cloud environments,...watch now improving security in the public cloud one of the main concerns about moving data to a public...watch now
__label__non_math	1.0000	subscribe to news from cipo stay in touch with the latest developments at cipo by registering to the free email subscription services that interest you as a subscriber, you will be made aware of news posted on the cipo web site within hours. cipo corporate news corporate news such as cipo's annual reports, business plans, fee reviews, special cipo events and any other pertinent corporate news. trade-mark news such as wares and services manual updates, new consultations, new practice notices, office procedure updates and any what's new announcements by cipo's trade-marks branch or the trade-marks opposition board. canadian patent news patent news such as manual of patent office practice mopop updates, new consultations, new practice notices and what's new announcements from the patent branch and the patent appeal board. canadian industrial designs news industrial designs news such as industrial design office practice updates, new consultations, new practice notices and what's new announcements by cipo's industrial designs office.
__label__non_math	0.9999	world circus day celebrations in countries registrations from vietnam and venezuela on the eve of world circus day resulted in events taking place in a new record of countries. many of this year s participating circuses, festivals, clubs and cultural organisations have participated in each of the four celebrations held to date. rambo circus of india has become the first to be recognized as one of the f d ration mondiale du cirque s supporting circus and festivals . photo contest theme announced; world circus day celebrations registered in ten countries25 february the f d ration mondiale du cirque announced today the theme for its annual photography contest as: circus: strength, balance, courage and grace en fr it de es cn the editors of planet circus will be selecting events, images and information for the special world circus day edition to be published in july. deadline for posting all photos, media links and comments on wcd to be considered for planet circus is friday, june . birth of fredy knie first performance of swiss national circus knie
__label__non_math	0.9962	first printed in e-parent magazine. flash mob project creates awareness of environmental sensitivities. making multiple chemical sensitivity a household word. by: melva gail smith having severe asthma and trying to maintain a social life isn t easy, but when you add the disability of multiple chemical sensitivity to the combination, the challenges become even tougher. as a dancer with both asthma and mcs, i was forced to give up the sport for years before finding a group of line dancers that were considerate enough to cut back on wearing chemically scented products which trigger reactions in both conditions. dance had always been a part of my healthy life style, and i often practiced ballroom dancing or days a week, participated in showcases, and had entertained at a nursing home and mall. just as my young life seemed to be taking off, illness struck; making it impossible for me to be around scented products that were unfortunately heavily associated with the glamour of dancing. having to give it up entirely was emotionally devastating to me as it had always been my life s passion. anyone who has lost a significant part of their life s enjoyment due to disability barriers can certainly relate to the sudden traumatic impact it can have. the experience was so gut wrenching that it was impossible to watch a movie with dancing in it without bursting into a flood of tears. the next years were lived with only memories of better times, as without dance; life suddenly lost it s spark. knowing the uplifting emotional benefits dancing has, one of my doctors suggested that i search and keep on searching until i found a place i could dance at without having immediate major reactions. it was during a time of trial that a friend persisted to suggest places i might go. despite the risks, i agreed to meet them at dancin nuts, a local line dance group, where many of the dancers soon become considerate of my condition. the day that i began to take classes again was so uplifting that it was like experiencing a rebirth, and i never quit going back. it didn t take long for me to realize that there were other dancers there who had the same disability and had found it to be a somewhat more mcs friendly environment. what i didn t know at the time was that there was going to be a silver lining to my story, as i was about to be given the unique opportunity to participate in a mcs awareness campaign that would span across the globe. when i heard dance choreographer ira weisburd was collecting videos from around the world for the flash mob project and would be splicing them together into one large documentary film, i wanted to participate. i had never been in a flash mob before and it sounded like a lot of fun. a group called the nuts and honey s dance club, that also produces a tv show by the same name on insight channel ; was going to record the kentucky segment. they were asking for dancers from the louisville and southern indiana area to meet at a festival to perform ira weisburds line dance shuffle boogie soul, to the song honky tonk, by preston shannon. everyone was learning the steps, and it was a really exciting time for me. getting to the film site was a challenge in itself, as it was filmed near one of louisville s more polluted industrial areas. this fact almost kept me from going, but i managed to get to the site and through the dance despite having both immediate and delayed reactions that went unnoticed by others. after the video was submitted, ira asked dancers to share any special stories they had associated with the project, and these were posted on a website next to the video s. when my story posted next to the kentucky video, so many e-mails were received from around the world inquiring about the condition; that ira created the breathe freely campaign to create an awareness about mcs and perhaps promote a more breathe freely attitude. an instructor in california e-mailed the story to his entire class, as one of his students also had it. it was incredibally wonderful to see this information shared with others, and the seldom heard of mcs becoming a household word. being in the flash mob project is one of the most uplifting and significant high points of my life, and the mcs community is fortunate to have someone like ira create the much needed campaign; which continues to generate an awareness of this disabling and often misunderstood condition. for those who have never heard of mcs, it is the inability of the body to readily detoxify and eliminate chemicals found in the everyday environment. these chemicals then go on to store in the liver, brain and fatty tissues of the body. patients often detect and react adversely to very small amounts of toxins that may go unnoticed by healthy people. according to an article by dr. martin pall that was published in the 3rd edition of general and applied toxicology , pages : chemicals can actually start a biochemical vicious cycle that makes us something like times more sensitive to these same types of chemicals . people carrying certain forms of genes that have roles in detoxifying these chemicals are often much more susceptible to this chemical sensitivity known as mcs. unfortunately, mcs is a socially isolating condition with symptoms that can be triggered by everyday products such as lawn spray, pesticides, cleaning products, chemically scented products and a polluted environment. it can involve the respiratory and central nervous system, create musculoskeletal and digestive problems, as well as cause cognitive impairment just to name a few. with reactions ranging from memory loss and confusion to muscle weakness and pain, it can become so severe that it makes it near impossible for the patient to participate in any meaningful activity. unlike asthma, there are no medications to help prevent an attack. in fact, many people with mcs become homebound and live on a daily basis with chronic fatigue and other disabling symptoms. those with a severe case can become homeless and unable to tolorate standard building material and home furnishings. total avoidance of environmental triggers and wearing a face mask are the most common methods used to help manage it. pall, who is professor emeritus of biochemistry and basic medical sciences at washington state university has given dozens of scientific talks on mcs in seven countries around the world. he states that the diverse different types of chemicals implicated in mcs all appear to be able to produce a similar toxic response in the body, too much activity of certain receptors in the body known as nmda receptors. we have, now a detailed mechanism for how this leads to the stunning chemical sensitivity known as mcs. there have been many claims that mcs is a psychological response, but we know now that this is false. it is a biochemical and physiological response of the body to chemical exposure pall states. asthma on the other hand is a different story in that there are medications on the market that can help prevent attacks, or stop one once it has started. while asthma can be exercise induced, an aerobic workout can also be beneficial as it enables the lung to receive oxygen that is then transported to the blood and circulated throughout the body. one form of exercise that helps improve lung function in this manner is dance. it doesn t matter if it is ballroom, zumba, or line dancing, as long as it is fast enough for one to reach an aerobic state. according to the national lung and blood institute, aerobic activity makes your heart beat faster than usual. you also breathe harder during this type of activity. over time, regular aerobic activity makes your heart stronger and able to work better. strenuous dance can actually double blood volume and oxygen to the brain as well as strengthen bones in both the hips and legs. everyone should be given the equal opportunity to participate in dance. the many benefits of dancing has been well documented and includes but is not limited to: increased circulation, enhanced mood, improved range of motion, increased confidence, weight loss, lower risk of cornary disease, increased hdl, and the joy of social contact. dancing is one of the healthiest hobbies you can have. ira weisburd said when asked about it s health benefits. i have been teaching seniors for more than years and i can tell you that it has added years to their lives. i have several students in their s and they are living proof that dancing prolongs life, ira said. to read more about the flash mob project and the breathe freely campaign, go to hannaian.com sbsvideos breathefreely.html. after the writing of this article i started a petition, asking the olympic committee to make the olympics and their affiliated organizations scent-free. this should include ballroom dancing and open up classrooms for many who find scented products a disability barrier. to view, sign and pass the petition on to others, visit
__label__non_math	0.9426	characterizing the radioresponse of pluripotent and multipotent human stem cells. the potential capability of stem cells to restore functionality to diseased or aged tissues has prompted a surge of research, but much work remains to elucidate the response of these cells to genotoxic agents. to more fully understand the impact of irradiation on different stem cell types, the present study has analyzed the radioresponse of human pluripotent and multipotent stem cells. human embryonic stem es cells, human induced pluripotent ips cells, and ips-derived human neural stem cells ips-hnscs cells were irradiated and analyzed for cell survival parameters, differentiation, dna damage and repair and oxidative stress at various times after exposure. while irradiation led to dose-dependent reductions in survival, the fraction of surviving cells exhibited dose-dependent increases in metabolic activity. irradiation did not preclude germ layer commitment of es cells, but did promote neuronal differentiation. es cells subjected to irradiation exhibited early apoptosis and inhibition of cell cycle progression, but otherwise showed normal repair of dna double-strand breaks. cells surviving irradiation also showed acute and persistent increases in reactive oxygen and nitrogen species that were significant at nearly all post-irradiation times analyzed. we suggest that stem cells alter their redox homeostasis to adapt to adverse conditions and that radiation-induced oxidative stress plays a role in regulating the function and fate of stem cells within tissues compromised by radiation injury.
__label__non_math	0.9999	cirque du soleil is seeking new talent for its current shows and upcoming creations. all floor and aerial disciplines original and innovative acts solo, duo and group acts only selected applicants will be informed of the audition time and location. invited candidates will be allowed a maximum of minutes each to present their act. callback session for all circus disciplines is . for more information: get more details and apply now
__label__non_math	1.0000	order orthoptera - crickets, grasshoppers katydids family tettigoniidae live adult katydids photographed at winfield, dupage county, illinois. katydids are large, usually green insects with long antennae and large wings, eminently capable of flight. most katydids are well-camouflaged in foliage and become virtually invisible amidst greenery the identical color. family tettigoniidae contains about species in genera. this from tree of life: "katydids are found on all continents except antarctica and in an assortment of habitats from tropical forests heller and peat bogs vickery and kevan to montane alpine zones 'far above the last outposts of trees'. within these habitats, virtually all tettigoniids are associated with vegetation, particularly during inactive periods when the insects retreat into or onto leaves. order orthoptera - crickets, grasshoppers katydids there are more than ,000 species in the order orthoptera. these diverse insects are found worldwide, although their numbers are concentrated in the tropics. north american insects spiders explore over ,000 close-up photos and information on over 700 species commonly found in north america. live insects spiders photographed in the wild. insects and spiders
__label__math	0.9554	anm uses specific ports for its processes. figure a-illustrates a typical anm server deployment in a network. this illustration identifies the protocols and ports used by the different network devices in a typical deployment. table a-lists the ports used for anm client browser or anm server and anm high availability communication. table a-lists the ports used for communication between anm and managed devices. figure a-anm server deployment table a-ports used by anm in a network deployment1 default port if anm is configured for access using http using anm-installer . default port if anm is configured for access using https using default install option . mysql database system anm ha installation opens this port to communicate with the peer anm . tcp and tcp anm license manager anm ha installation opens these two ports to communicate with the peer anm . port used by anm server to communicate to email gateway through smtp. port used by anm server to send out trap notification to external nms application. 1it is highly recommended that you run anm on a stand-alone device. however, if you run anm on a shared device, please note that anm locally opens the following ports for internal communication:
__label__non_math	1.0000	c.i. shenanigans in tacoma offers exciting job opportunities that will challenge your abilities and expand your skills in an atmosphere that encourages both personal and professional growth. we offer fun and flexible positions for those seeking hourly employment. inquire about positions available today at our restaurant. please fill out the application and submit it to c.i. shenanigans. ci shenanigans is now hiring for the summer season. positions open are hospitality, server assistant, server, bartender, floor supervisor and cooks.
__label__non_math	0.9999	as trade negotiators from around the pacific rim gathered in chicago and southern california to hammer out the details of a massive new trade deal, ctc and our allies were there to demand a fair deal or no deal on the trans-pacific free trade agreement. the trans-pacific fta is currently under negotiation between the united states, vietnam, brunei, singapore, malaysia, new zealand, australia, chile and peru but is also intended as a docking agreement that is theoretically open to any country in the pacific rim. the outcome of a deal this large will influence the types of jobs available in our communities; the wages and benefits that many jobs pay; tax revenues and public services; greenhouse gas emissions and the environment; access to medicine; consumer protections; financial regulations; the health of family farms; and global migration patterns. corporate lobbyists are pushing hard for their vision of the ideal trade agreement. the window of opportunity is short for labor, environmental, family farm, consumer, faith, immigrant rights, indigenous and other social justice activists to make our voices heard. in chicago in september , ctc worked with local, national and international partners to organize a week of action outside the trans-pacific fta negotiations. check out the photos online here. it s also not too late to take action online here. endorsing organizations for either part or all of the week included the chicago federation of labor; chicago jobs with justice; chicago and midwest regional board of workers united; chicago teachers union; citizens trade campaign; communications workers of america cwa ; cwa national women s committee; friends of the earth; healthgap; international association of machinists; international brotherhood of electrical workers; international brotherhood of teamsters; public citizen; service employees international union seiu ; sierra club; stand up
__label__non_math	0.9976	citizen - official sponsor of the isu four continents figure skating championships the isu four continents figure skating championships will be held in colorado springs, usa, between february 7th and . citizen is proud to be the official sponsor of this world-famous competition. citizen is delighted to celebrate its -year sponsorship of skating events, which results from its global reputation for beauty and technology. the leading watch brand is eager to share the excitement and joy of this winter sport with fans around the world.
__label__non_math	1.0000	please register to participate in our discussions with .million other members - it's free and quick i moved it to classifieds...there should be a re- direct.. i'll check on that for you. the thread is in classifieds...i don't know why there was no re-direct.. there have been a few problems with the servers.. maybe that's it...but it is there
__label__non_math	1.0000	what children believe optimism at its finest, what children believe showcases local and international students' visions of "what's wonderful in their world" after reading and experiencing a live performance based on the award-winning book what a wonderful world. the international art exhibit was inspired by a partnership between the nonprofit organizations learning through art, inc. in cincinnati and little art of munich in germany, which is home to the world choir games headquarters. what a small, wonderful world. where: cincinnati public library, main branch address: 800 vine st.
__label__non_math	0.9999	celebrations as bristol city farm is saved by hitting 50k target bristol evening news a city farm in bedminster has been saved from closure thanks to the public, who have helped raise ,000 in just five months. the four-and-a-half-acre farm was started on derelict land in as a result of the demands of local people, and has grown to an attraction visited by 200,000 people every year. windmill hill city farm, which currently employs people, is a registered charity, so there is no charge for entry, but every donation helps to keep the farm operating as a free community facility for the enjoyment of the public. no comments fungi and rhubarb garden the north facing end of the site will be in shade most of the day and most of the year. large logs would be impregnated with fungi spores, the rhubarb and mint would be grown beneath them providing interesting food and creating am exotic and educational lunch time destination. leadenhall city farm by mitchell taylor workshop parks, allotments and markets are set to spring up across britain on the sites of building projects that have been mothballed in the recession. piers taylor, of mitchell taylor workshop, one of the practices shortlisted for the leadenhall site has proposed a city farm, populated with colour-coded chickens. he wants to create grassy banks to picnic on and plant blackberry bushes amid the surrounding steel, granite and glass. - from the times no comments by liz hoggard london evening standard rosie boycott career feminist, newspaper supremo and mayor boris johnson s food tsar is proof you can start gardening at any age. she was before she picked up a spade. six years ago, i d never grown a single vegetable, she laughs. like many frazzled londoners, she thought growing your own was some boring activity reserved for dullards and oldies with nothing better to do. back then her life was full of smart parties and tv appearances. the first female editor of the independent newspapers, she socialised with actors and politicians. in she became the editor of the daily express. but then in she lost her job when the paper was acquired by richard desmond. no comments dig for victory in st james s park s see larger photo here. by sam jones the guardian, designed for the prince regent by the architect john nash, regent s park is noted for its lovingly tended blooms. but soon the flower beds of that and other london royal parks could make way for rows of humble carrots, cabbages and globe artichokes. in a plan inspired by american cities, the royal parks are pondering the creation of a string of model allotments to give the public a living, ripening illustration of the virtues of growing your own fruit and vegetables. no comments new report shows edible cities are the future edible cities, looks at examples of urban agriculture projects in cities and identifies a series of opportunities that other cities could be adopting. the british group visited an inspiring range of projects in milwaukee, chicago and new york and noted a number of similarities to and differences from urban agriculture initiatives in london, including: a commercial element to many of the us projects, which is much less common in the uk; a more liberal situation in the us than in the uk to encourage composting, but less willingness than in the uk to include animals in some urban agriculture projects; new british magazine. well clayton in manchester was just about the most inner city district in the country and we lived the good life there. only we didn t really know it was the good life it was just life. in amongst the back streets, where everything was purple from the dye works or noisy and full of smoke from the wireworks, we had hens and their eggs, pigs for their meat, and by the river there was an old man who kept sheep with whom we d do a swap a clutch of plucked hens for half a lamb. within sight of my bedroom you could see the remains of manchester united s first stadium, the power station, a dozen factories, including the one that the germans bombed, my school, rows of back to back houses and a few dozen little farms, because we all did our own. own food, own furniture, own everything really. no comments planting was completed in spring and the garden is now well established. in an area of 200 m2, over 120 species of perennial plants from around the world thrive in soil only 30cm deep. the garden supports a range of layers, from roots, through small shrubs to our miniature version of a canopy layer. most have multiple uses: food, medicine, fuel, fibre, construction, dye, scent. the garden demonstrates many ways we can all reduce our environmental footprint. features include: composting of kitchen waste from the global cafe, irrigation using harvested rainwater pumped by renewable energy from a solar array and wind turbine, use of recovered soil and recycled newspaper, wood, stone and plastic in its construction. no comments
__label__non_math	0.9992	feedback on retail, restaurant and other new development needed rarely a day goes by that i don t hear someone say i wish gig harbor had a blank store . although our community is not so little anymore it does still seem to be missing a few retail and dining options which would fill in the blanks. given that our tax rate is lower in gig harbor than in tacoma, and that our wish is to keep our residents shopping local, pinpointing the missing links might help local developers. kohl s department store has broken ground in the new safeway shopping center, and this is an exciting development for gig harbor. the new kohl s, officially a department store, is unlike anything else gig harbor has yet seen. it is a game-changer. i have recently had conversations with local developers and leasing agents who are working towards getting that perfect fit for gig harbor with additional new retail and restaurants. as a city employee, i m often aware of what new stores are coming to the harbor, but rarely in a position to announce that information until developers say go . but this time, developers are looking to me to help ask the question of you our residents what do you want? in preparation for writing this piece, i randomly asked a dozen locals to tell me what they feel is missing in the harbor for retail and restaurant. the answers and input i received was thoughtful, passionate and in some cases, surprising. here s what i heard; downtown a kitchen supply store, a grocery store, craft store, dukes restaurant, boutique hotel mcmenamins? and businesses that stay open later. uptown and all-around town a craft supply store, a paper store, a fabric store, restaurants with affordable and fun atmosphere and bar, a pizza pipes style restaurant for food and entertainment, nordstrom rack, home goods, stein mart, kirkland s, crate barrel or pottery barn. a cupcake store, a party supply store, a bowling alley, chick fila, boca de beppo, organic food store, rei, lulu lemon, lush, shoe repair and a mandolin coffee. one respondent felt strongly that we need a community center that was not membership based where kids and families could enjoy bowling, swimming and wave pool and perhaps pizza too. she also suggested a sports complex with lighted fields, covered basketball courts, batting cage and more. a bowling alley came up multiple times. another respondent promoted the idea of a performing arts center, conference or convention center or indoor event center. that is what we heard, by only asking a hand full of people. ..so what do you want in gig harbor? send me your thoughts and realistic ideas and i will share them. keeping in mind what we already have, our city s square footage restrictions and our communities desire to retain our identity. this is obviously an unofficial poll, but it could prove helpful to the developers already working in the community. i m certainly aware that many people don t want anything more in gig harbor and i expect to hear from some of you too. i welcome that input and will also share it with the developers. just keep it civil, clean and nice. because, we are, after all, gig harbor named one of the best small towns in america by smithsonian magazine
__label__non_math	0.9743	what happens when boy-girl vocalists grow out of the courtship phase? many keep playing at it, singing about adolescent fumbling long into adulthood, and we love them for it. but tilly and the wall take another tack. as omaha upstarts, they were adorable and fierce, with tap-dance hand-clap percussion, elastic guitar lines and playful harmonies. but then most left town, got married and had babies. heavy mood team love , their first album in four years, is the best possible outcome: a sonic support system for bringing up adorable, fierce kids. the springy youth was made for hip mamas and papas, while the womblike synths of i believe in you suggest a negotiation between a woman and her child-to-be. but it s defenders, which incorporates jungle rhythms and an intergenerational call-and-response chant, that s worthiest of carrying the babe into battle. wed., oct. , p.m., , with nicky da b and dangerous ponies, first unitarian church, chestnut st., 877-435-, r5productions.com.
__label__non_math	1.0000	curses, foiled again police said eugene edward palmer, , tried to rob a bank in brunswick, fla., but gave up after yanking futilely on the locked door, failing to realize the branch was drive-through only. police lt. leon tucker said palmer was armed and wore a ski mask during the attempted robbery but took off the mask in frustration when leaving, giving witnesses a good look at his face. jacksonville s florida times-union after a car dealership reported a pickup was stolen, police in lincoln, neb., arrested a -year-old man who had taken the vehicle for a test drive earlier, having provided the dealership with photo identification and his address. after finding the truck parked near the man s home and arresting him, police said the suspect made a copy of the truck s key during the test drive and used it that night to steal the truck. lincoln journal star how expanded playoffs thin the herd urologists reported a spike in men scheduling vasectomies during college basketball s march madness so they can avoid work and chores to watch games while recovering. the american medical news reported that some clinics have started giving vasectomy patients recovery kits that include pizza coupons and sports magazines. we suggest the guys ice it and stay off their feet for hours. some will take it a little farther than that, said dr. bill utz, whose clinic in edina, minn., gives patients a brochure showing a man recovering in a recliner while his wife waits on him. st. paul s pioneer press the utah legislature approved a measure to allow citizens to collect rainwater for their personal use. the state has prohibited rainwater harvesting for decades. the bill requires utahns collecting rainwater to register with the state and limits the collection to ,500 gallons, which must be stored in an approved, standardized container. associated press in the u.s., he d get a bonus a north korean firing squad executed pak nam-gi, , the ruling workers party s finance chief, after currency reforms he implemented damaged the country s already ailing economy. he was accused of being a son of a bourgeois conspiring to infiltrate the ranks of revolutionaries to destroy the national economy, a south korean news agency reported. the reform wiped out the savings of well-off north koreans who had managed to save money earned from international trading and caused widespread hoarding and even starvation as food prices soared. britain s the guardian authorities investigating the death of anthony rankin, , said he was shot at his atlanta, ga., home during an argument with his wife of five days, arelisha bridges, , who is a registered lobbyist for a group fighting domestic violence. the atlanta journal-constitution scientists warned that methane gas bubbling up from a long-frozen seabed north of siberia could trigger abrupt climate warming. their study, reported in the journal science, said about million tons of methane a year equivalent to the annual total previously estimated from all of the world s oceans were seeping from vast stores long trapped under permafrost. subsea permafrost is losing its ability to be an impermeable cap, said natalia shakhova of the university of fairbanks, alaska, a co-leader of the study. she noted current methane concentrations in the arctic are the highest in 400,000 years. downplaying the threat, martin heimann of germany s max planck institute for bio-geochemistry, said the arctic emissions have been occurring since the last ice age ,000 years ago. he insisted that the release of million tons of methane a year was negligible, compared with current global emissions of about 440 million tons. reuters wish come true a florida judge sentenced sylvester jiles, , to years in prison for violating his probation by trying to climb a -foot fence to break into the brevard county jail. jiles, who accepted a plea agreement on manslaughter charges before his release, had begged jail officials to take him back into custody because he feared retaliation from the victim s family. associated press compiled from the nation s press by roland sweet. authentication on demand.
__label__non_math	1.0000	please click the question below to view. expectant mothers may travel up to and including the 27th week of their pregnancy, and will be accepted between the 28th and 34th week if they are in possession of a doctor's certificate confirming the stage of their pregnancy and that they are fit to fly. to retrieve your reservation, simply enter the surname of the person travelling and the booking manx2 does not accept children for travel before their 8th birthday unless they are traveling with an adult aged years or older, who will take responsibility for the child. children aged and under will be accompanied by a member of our staff, or our handling agents at all times. they must be signed for at our check-in desk and again upon collection at their destination. young persons aged but under can also be accompanied if the parent or guardian requests it in writing beforehand, at least hours prior to departure. there will be no requirement in this case for a signature at the arrivals airport and our responsibility will cease upon safe delivery of the young person to the arrivals hall. manx2 will always try to accommodate passengers with special needs; however, restrictions placed upon us by the type of aircraft in service may mean we cannot cater for all requirements. passengers with special needs must advise the company of their requirements when they book their seats. if you are booking online, you can then call our reservations centre on 200 with your confirmation number and discuss your requirements. wherever possible folding wheelchairs will be carried free of charge in addition to your normal baggage allowance, but you must contact our reservations office when you book. manx2 will accept guide dogs for the blind but you must contact our reservations office when you book. manx2 accepts no responsibility for missed flight connections or their consequences. we strongly recommend you take out adequate travel insurance.
__label__non_math	1.0000	manx2 offers exceptional fares on routes to belfast, blackpool, leeds bradford, gloucester m5 , newcastle and jersey. we re based in the isle of man s ronaldsway airport and have a team of dedicated staff who are committed to offering excellent customer service and building strong year-round air travel. our timetable is specifically designed to provide flights at the times our extensive market research tells us you want to fly. for business travellers, we offer a choice of early departures and late returns, while leisure passengers can take advantage of our flights that are conveniently timed for onward travel with the leading low-cost airlines meaning you can easily book with manx2 to escape to some of europe's top destinations. you can rest assured that our pricing policy contains no hidden surprises and no fuel surcharges. for extra flexibility, we offer the manx gold ticket, so you can change your flight times as often as you want at no cost, as well as free bag check-in, and access to our special business lounge if you're flying through blackpool airports. our website is designed to make our booking process as easy as possible, but if you d like to make a booking over the phone, please call our reservations centre on 200 and one of our team members would be happy to help. when you book your contract is with us. please refer to our terms and conditions for details. the information on this page does not form part of our terms and conditions. for the operation of manx flights we contract with air carriers licensed and insured as air carriers in accordance with the requirements of european community law. these air carriers, who make available all the seats on each aircraft for us to sell to our customers, are responsible for operating the aircraft, and providing crews, maintenance and insurance for our flights, including insurance against legal liability to passengers and for their baggage, according to those requirements. manx2 is also insured, including insurance against legal liability to passengers and for their baggage, in accordance with the requirements of european community law. our air carriers use a fleet of -seat aircraft that are designed for short regional routes. flights between the isle of man, blackpool, belfast city and gloucester are normally operated by vanair europe as, while flights between the isle of man and leeds bradford and newcastle; also cardiff to anglesey are normally operated by links air. in the process of booking one of our flights the name of air carrier scheduled to operate your flight is shown on your itinerary. this is confirmed in your e-ticket when you have booked. as provided in our terms and conditions we may need for operational reasons to substitute another air carrier.
__label__non_math	1.0000	documentary a call to action, filmmaker says unmasked judeophobia the threat to civilization, a documentary that examines the rise of anti-jewish ideology around the world, was screened by the friends of simon wiesenthal center for holocaust studies fswc on jan. . the film, which drew a packed audience, focuses on the proliferation of anti-israel bias in academia and cultural institutions, misinformation campaigns and state-sanctioned denials of israel s right to exist. according to the documentary s website, this is not just a war against the state of israel. this current political assault is against the jewish people and their right to self-determination jews are facing the possibility of the uprooting of the very idea that there should be a nation state of the jewish people. gloria greenfield, the film s director, travelled from israel to europe to north america to cover this phenomenon from all angles. she interviewed more than experts, including harvard law school professor alan dershowitz, senator joe lieberman, former american un ambassador john bolton, human rights activists natan sharansky and irwin cotler, british attorney anthony julius, middle east senior fellow caroline glick and israeli deputy prime minister moshe ya alon. among the appalling incidents and remarks targeting jews highlighted in the film, one scene alludes to iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad s comment that israel must be wiped off the map. on this issue, greenfield refers to alvin rosenfeld, director of the institute for the study of contemporary antisemitism in indiana, who says, one of the lessons of the holocaust is that we have to be literalists. when we hear somebody say, kill the jews, we have to realize they probably mean it. greenfield has said in interviews that she considers the film to be a call to action and an urgent reminder that antisemitism is a danger not only to jews, but to the human race. when asked why fswc chose to screen the documentary, education associate stephanie eldridge said the organization is extremely concerned about the rise of global antisemitism and feels that it is important to understand it, as well as raise awareness about it. she said unmasked judeophobia speaks intelligently and authoritatively to the very real and serious problem that fswc works daily to counter. it is also a wonderful complement to our newly launched workshop on contemporary antisemitism called the canary in the coal mine: antisemitism old and new now being offered to the thousands of students in the public, private and catholic boards of education in the toronto area. eldridge said she hopes the audience learned more about the nature of antisemitism in the world today and came away with a desire to act. for fswc to succeed in our efforts to eradicate all forms of blind hatred, antisemitism included, we rely on the support of individuals who are both informed and driven to act. the next fswc community event will be held feb. and will tie into black history month. with a focus on the topic of black germans and the holocaust, pat wright of the hamilton centre for civic inclusion will examine the lives of black people living in germany under the third reich.
__label__non_math	1.0000	mustang roush extreme lowering spring kit gt part number: roush extreme lowering spring kit for mustang gts. lower your ford mustang gt with the roush extreme lowering spring kit. this kit lowers your vehicle " in the front and ." in the rear. this suspension package should be used with the stock mustang shocks and struts. every roush suspension kit is extensively engineered and tested to provide optimum performance for your car. roush develops its suspension kits with the best engineering tools available and spends many hours on a wide variety of different road surfaces to provide the best combination of ride and handling.
__label__non_math	1.0000	- special sections - public notices cknj editorial board they were piled high and deep, from tabletops to ceilings. toys were everywhere. from baby clothes to toy cars to makeup sets to brand new bicycles and movie tickets, many children in taylor county have christmas gifts today thanks to generous donations. toys for kids and toys for tots officials said this year's effort to raise money to buy toys for children who might otherwise not have christmas gifts generated about ,000. with that money, toys were bought for about 500 children. if you currently subscribe or have subscribed in the past to the ky news journal, then simply find your account number on your mailing label and enter it below. click the question mark below to see where your account id appears on your mailing label. if you are new to the award winning ky news journal and wish to get a subscription or simply gain access to our online content then please enter your zip code below and continue to setup your account.
__label__non_math	1.0000	monday - chicken patty, french fries, peas and carrots, pineapple, brownie and milk. tuesday - barbecue, hash brown, corn, celery, dip, fruit juicee and milk. wednesday - chicken bites, scalloped potatoes, green beans, fruit salad, bread slice and milk. thursday - chili, cheese, crackers, baby carrots, applesauce, oatmeal square and milk. friday - hot ham and cheese, potato round, baked apples, sunshine bar and milk.
__label__non_math	0.9671	it's spring, what better way to celebrate it than wearing a mint top and a light pink skirt ? it was at least what i wanted to wear as soon as i woke up this morning, so it must be appropriate right ? of course i couldn't resist the urge of wearing a daisy in my hair i hope you all had a great day, with this beautiful weather i am sure that everyone was in a good mood except maybe chronicle bad mood people . so i hope everything was great.
__label__non_math	0.9960	have you tried traditional blogging and find that you struggle for the time to plan it properly, never mind write a post? do you slave away creating a masterpiece, but struggle to make an impact? this article addresses this and explains how a simple status update can have a big impact for a small business. you have this blog. you decided it was a good idea when you developed your website, so you added it. you ve written a few posts and got a few comments, but not set the world alight with traffic and massive discussions. you sometimes wonder why you bother. don t stress. you re not the only one. in fact, i ve been finding it a chore lately yes, i am human too which is partly why i ve written this post. small fish in a big social pond since social platforms started and grew in popularity, the opportunity to communicate with a big audience has grown massively for someone working on their own with no money to spend. it s cost me nothing but time to build up to over followers on twitter, so i now have a captive audience to communicate to. not that it s a numbers game, of course. so what is microblogging? microblogging essentially involves using a status update to communicate a message, give information or stimulate online conversations. it s a chance to show expertise, personality and generosity in the form of a 140 character tweet, facebook status update on your page or a linkedin status. it s limited in the amount of space you have, but you can be creative about how you use this limited space. ideas for microblog content tips every monday i tweet tips on a specific subject. for instance, last week it was creating a stand-out business card and this week it was about making the most of your twitter bio. this doesn t just happen as a normal status update, i add that little bit more by using a hashtag. a hashtag allows you to group tweets into a category. this means that throughout the day and for the next week, people can catch up on the tips they missed in their twitter stream by typing mymarketingmonday into the search bar. every week i get responses, retweets and favourites on these tips last week i had retweets. i also post them on linkedin and get comments on there. links here s a great opportunity to post links to bigger content, such as useful articles, videos or blog posts that might interest you audience. in addition, you can comment in your status, giving your take on the subject or inviting discussion. you can use newsfeeds to find content that will interest your followers and post the links it doesn t have to be your own content but it helps . discussions if you use a hashtag, you can invite people to join you on it at a certain time for a discussion. this can be on a topic of your choice either as a simple discussion, or as a clinic. this can also be done on facebook where it s possible to go into more detail, as you have more characters to play with. taking it slightly further, and perhaps slightly outside microblogging, you can also start a discussion on linkedin within a group you re a member of. all of these uses are a great way to show expertise, appear helpful and get some useful feedback. there are other ways to use your status update, such as the simple friendly hello , interacting and replying to people, asking a question or giving useful information on an event, for instance. some useful tools for microblogging seesmic.com a great tool for posting your microblogging content across multiple social platforms, including twitter, facebook, linkedin or tumblr. be aware though of the character limit and think about how your content might appear to each audience. is facebook too chatty for linkedin, for example? storify if you ve done a tips series with a hashtag, this content expires after a week on twitter. what storify can do is pull together your tips into one story so that people can see a digest of those tips all together. this tool works across social platforms and you can pull in content from other users to develop a balanced view of a subject and then publish it to your followers. buffer if you want to be efficient with your tweeting or facebooking, buffer works out when most of your followers and likers are online and will schedule your updates to post at the key times of day, on specific days you select. the best thing about it is that you get really useful stats that show what types of post and times get the most clicks, mentions, retweets and favourites. the buffer button that you can add to your browser makes posting and buffering content really quick and easy too. hootsuite if you specifically want to schedule tweets, hootsuite is the best one i ve come across. it lets you set the time and date and post to different social media accounts. don t abandon your blog now i m not saying to abandon your blog. far from it. it s a great way to keep your site s content continually up to date and with the right keywords you can build overall traffic. what i m saying is that using microblogging may suit you and your audience better. by all means, use it to link to your blog posts that might be the best way to drive traffic to your site. look at the time you have. look at the audience you have. if you only have time to blog once a month, that s fine. in between you can be building credibility on social networks and engaging with the people you want to have conversations about your business. now that s the result you want to be aiming for. your call to action so, why not give some of the tips and tools a go? do you prefer microblogging? do you have your own useful tools to add to my list? let s start a conversation in the comments below. until next time
__label__non_math	0.9998	custom exterior - craftsman style door 02general information clark hall doors uses the finest quality wood species for our entry doors. many of the doors you see on our website are built in mahogany, knotty alder or oak. however, if you prefer we can work with just about any material including walnut, cherry, maple, vertical grain douglas fir, oak and heart of pine. all of our doors are manufactured with mortise and tenon construction and floating panels. each unit can be built to your dimensions and may be complimented with additions of a transom or sidelights. we have several insulated glass styles from clear to flemish, seedy or antique. request a quote: for a quote please click here or the link at the top of the page. you will be asked to provide a little information for example, approximate door measurements as well as the preferred wood species you would like us to build with. we can normally ballpark a door within 24hrs and we always include shipping in our pricing. our turn around is between and weeks from cad approval engineered drawing depending on wood species. similar doors from our stock collection: if you have fallen in love with one of our custom doors but your budget won't allow it, you may want to look through some of our in-stock doors. they are built in volume in standard dimensions. these doors are made with the same quality craftsmanship as our custom doors but at a fraction of the price. - shipping is included in all pricing once the glass size gets to be over " the only styles available are clear, flemish, and cotswold
__label__non_math	1.0000	news events filter news by ...school thomas h. dooley awarded clarkson university honorary degree a jpeg image of dooley is available at thomas h. dooley, retired cigna corporation executive vice president and retired president of connecticut general life insurance company, today may received an honorary doctor of science degree at clarkson university's 106th commencement in potsdam, n.y. the degree was awarded "for his sustained and invaluable service to his alma mater, clarkson, and for his distinguished professional achievement and leadership in business, law, education, and public service." in addition to the fields of insurance and education, his career has encompassed accounting, law, and public service in a variety of state appointive and elective offices. a former practicing attorney, he has been admitted to the connecticut bar, u.s. district court, u.s. court of appeals, and the u.s. supreme court. his elective offices include two terms in the connecticut house of representatives. after graduating from clarkson in , where he was elected to clarkson's highest honorary, phalanx, and earned a b.s. in business administration, he served with the u.s. army's 8th ordnance battalion in hanau, germany. he later received his j.d. degree with honors from the university of connecticut school of law, where he was editor of the law review and designated a starr fellow, the school's highest academic award. he has authored several articles in law and tax journals. in he was the recipient of clarkson's golden knight award, and in received the university of connecticut law school's distinguished alumnus award. he is a trustee and the immediate past president of the law school's foundation. he is also a member of the clarkson school of business advisory council, which he chaired for a number of years. a clarkson trustee since , he has chaired the board's budget and finance committee and the compensation sub-committee. he has also served on a number of other board committees, including investment, audit, campus life and executive. he currently serves as secretary of the board of trustees.
__label__non_math	1.0000	check your email for receipt. orders are shipped the next day. expect your order to arrive in - days from the date of the payment confirmation. for orders or donations with gift s expectations, the shipment may take longer, -weeks. for donations only: priority or overnight shipping of gift s , please add on top of minimum donation. priority: .more overnight: .more for canada mexico, please add a minimum of .for first class mail. for outside of the us, please e-mail: firstname.lastname thank you for shopping with us and come back soon.
__label__non_math	0.9612	medieval engineers knew their stuff. if they couldn't hit what they were aiming at consistantly, they would have been out of a job and quite possibly dead. i'd like to see our modern engineers build something like that while under fire. throndor wrote:depends on the weapon that i'm fighting against. it's an enemy fighting with a or several daggers, then a battleaxe. longsword, i'd use a flail. against a longbow, i'd use a longbow. against a crossbow, i'd use a longbow. against a flail, i'd use throwing knives. spear, i'd use a pike and dagger. pike, i'd use a longbow. users browsing this forum: no registered users and guests
__label__non_math	0.9988	thorfinn eiriksson of ugleborg thorfinn eiriksson is the ninth earl of the ugleborg a stronghold in a valley in the south of garheim. the ugleborg is located near ugleheim, a small village located only two miles from the lenfald village falkerby, which is protected by the stronghold falkerborg. during the last three centuries, relations between the ugleborgs and the falkerborgs have been surprisingly good, for reasons which will later be revealed. therefore, armed conflicts between the ugleborgs and the falkerborgs are very rare. not surprisingly, the ugleborgs have the worst attendance record for garheim-expeditions against lenfald and the falkerborgs fight garheim only reluctantly too. however, when garheim is under attack or takes up arms against loreos, the garheim-rulers can always count on the earls of the ugleborgs. although their contribution to the army is small in numbers, the fearless ugleborg soldiers has often played a crucial role in battle. despite his young age he is just in his thirties thorfinn eiriksson is already well-known for his courage and his skills in sword-fighting. rumor has that the ugleborgs are descendants of the disappeared daughter of king alphundus who wielded the sword even better than any of her brothers , although the ugleborgs themselves have never made any reference to this story whatsoever.
__label__non_math	0.9981	summary for the busy executive: welcome back. in the fifties and sixties, the louisville orchestra, under the guidance of its director robert whitney and with the support of the ford foundation, embarked on one of the most enterprising commissioning and recording series of its time. whitney had wide-ranging interests. although he concentrated on american composers, he did not confine himself to them. like most talented commissioners, he seemed to know whom to ask for work. louisville premi red live performances or recordings of scores by martin , milhaud, hindemith, bloch, ibert, foss, hovhaness, chou wen-chung, riegger, sessions, mennin, and piston, among many others. first editions has repackaged many of the original recordings, and, thank goodness, in a rational way. here we have a selection of work by british composers. the bliss and the rubbra were louisville commissions. all four recordings were premi res. the louisville first edition series constituted an important part of my musical education 'way back when an easy, mostly painless introduction to 20th-century music. whitney, a britisher himself, knew the english scene quite well and could dig a bit deeper to find more than the usual suspects. sir arthur bliss made his biggest splash in the twenties and thirties as an aggressive british modernist, aligning himself with stravinsky and the younger french. his modernism, however, turned out mostly superficial a matter of concept, really and his links to elgar and late romanticism soon became apparent. in the thirties, he was eclipsed by vaughan williams and walton, in the fifties by britten. however, he succeeded bax as master of the queen's music, and his postwar music, with the exception of his oratorio morning heroes a work that comes out of his experience of the first world war , remains the period of his work that interests me most. discourse belongs to this period. despite his romantic language, i find a strongly objective, "illustrative" quality to his music. the music may build powerful climaxes, but this does not usually indicate any sort of personal catharsis. it's as if he observes emotions at a remove, rather than feels them himself. i don't condemn, i merely describe the peculiar atmosphere of his music. for this reason, i think, some of his most successful work he wrote for ballets and film scores. usually, these genres attract composers weak in structure, but that's certainly not the case with bliss. indeed, most of his music shows a strong architectural interest, and even playfulness. one sees this in the discourse, which combines features of a variation set with a symphonic movement. bliss later revised the score, not necessarily for the better he cut out my favorite section , and this is the original version. it's a score of great color and energy, but not necessarily of great depth. edmund rubbra has an artistic personality almost the exact opposite of bliss' sober, serious, and introspective. rubbra studied with holst and through him became enamored of the counterpoint of the tudor composers, which he has applied to modern classical forms. he's a terrific symphonist, not all that interested in theater, and his music characteristically meditates, rather than sings or dances in the usual way, although it has both beauty and rhythmic interest. much of the time it unfolds like an elizabethan fantasia. the improvisation for violin and orchestra, one of his finest scores, typifies his output. it proceeds in long, lyrical lines although the composer may not have conceived it that way. for the lines consist of little bits of ideas, which rubbra combines and recombines into new long melodies. unlike many other composers who work in this fashion, rubbra never leaves you in doubt as to where you are. indeed, the effect of the score is that of a long melody played under different moods. the effect, in a good performance, is one of spontaneous inspiration. the score, however, shows the amount of work that went into achieving that effect. malcolm arnold began his career as an orchestral trumpet player and virtuoso. his scores brim with the kind of practical, professional knowledge that players love. however, this quality sometimes got in the way of critics, who used to attack him as slick. his considerable income as a film composer didn't help. musically, arnold belongs to the walton wing of british music. unlike walton, however, he feels the influence of mahler, especially drawn to the inclusion of "low" elements in serious contexts. early on, critics and audiences alike felt disoriented and put off, just as their counterparts had with mahler. this also contributed to the low level of arnold's stock and the undervaluing of many of his scores. with the appearance, however, of the seventh symphony, this assessment has been revised upwards. arnold has written at least twenty concerti, many of them for his friends or for players he admired. the concerto for two violins, commissioned by menuhin, stands as one of his best. although it lacks the composer's characteristic vulgarity and raucous humor, it compensates by a beautifully tight argument, contrapuntally advanced. arnold wrote it in memory of his two brothers, which accounts for its sober though neither stolid nor pompous tone. it's so well-written that it brings to mind the bach d-minor for two violins. the violins weave in and out in quasi-fugato and stretto. the accompanying strings provide lean, muscular support. the slow movement crowns the work: an intense, long-lined aria based on two related ideas, so that it becomes nearly monothematic. one point of interest: the finale is a rhythmic rewrite of the opening movement. like malcolm arnold, john addison studied with gordon jacob at the royal college of music. after making a splash in the early fifties with such scores as his ballet carte blanche, he became increasingly involved with theater and film. he scored john osborne's luther and the entertainer and won the academy award for his music for tom jones. in the seventies, he disappeared into movie and tv work in los angeles, coming up with the main title for, among other things, murder, she wrote. i wouldn't hold it against him. all the concert work by addison i've heard has run on the light side, not excepting the trumpet concerto. he reminds me more of a french composer like ibert or fran aix, full of blithe spirits, than the modern british. the concerto, a masterpiece of light music, allows the trumpet to saunter down the boulevards, like charles trenet. it's more important than profound: it's loveable. paul kling and peter mchugh give a stirring performance of the arnold, while harth sings with warmth and intelligence in the rubbra. trumpeter leon rapier is appropriately cheeky in addison's concerto. the louisville never was a first-rank orchestra, but it worked heroically on behalf of, by definition, unfamiliar scores. the sound isn't super-swell, but it is acceptable. for those who care, the rubbra and the bliss are in mono. however, i believe only the arnold and the rubbra are currently available in modern sound. even so, this remains a classic set of recordings.
__label__math	0.8324	bqt at softjar.se mon nov :cst on , "chuck guzis" wrote: on nov at , johnny billquist wrote: ok. so, a program would think it addressed a memory space, which was it's own, and the addresses it used would in no way related to the actual physical memory it ended up referring to. i'd call that virtual memory. although, having to map the whole virtual memory as one chunk to physical memory makes it a little more work, end less flexible than having pages. and it pretty much prevents you from ever being able to share memory in a reasonable way between processes. well, not really. i refer you to the cdc scope operating system. there's a users' manual on bitsavers, but i suspect the design notebooks have long vanished from the face of the earth--so there's no documentation on the innards. i tried to find any manuals on bitsavers, but i can't see anything about a cdc there... but while i can see that doing shared memory would be possible even with a single mapping between virtual and physical address space, it would mean you need to copy data between different locations between each context switch, which would be rather heavy. at any rate, the cdc os people had a peculiar problem. on the series of machines, ppus are free-range; they have access to all of memory and at the time say, , comprised most of the operating system--there was almost no cpu code involved. you'd stick a request into your own location and pp would see it and detail off the work to the rest of the pps. very cool--you never gave up control of the cpu unless it was to yield to the job scheduler. gah. i have no idea what ppu mean, nor pp. but it sounds like what you describe now would not be virtual memory. if each process have access to all of the memory, then you'd not have your own address space. instead you'd have to make sure you kept within your bondaries. hopefully the hardware can assist with that, but maybe not. but that is still something else. it's basically just talking about physical memory. but i might very well totally be misunderstanding things here, since as i said i don't know what these acronyms really mean. but this wasn't possible on the , as each pp was assigned its own hard-wired slot in cpu memory and was unable to access anything but that. so the pps were detalled off to i o only. now, i'd call that memory-mapped i o--you want to to talk to a certain i o processor, you communicate with it through a hardware-fixed location in memory. which left the cpu to handle os tasks such as job scheduling and file management. a whole new can of worms, as scm the memory that a program could execute from was very fast, but somewhat limited . to me, the difference between shared memory i o and memory mapped i o is about how the notification comes across between the subsystems. is the slave triggered by a write to the memory, or does the slave poll the memory location. if the slave polls the memory location, then i'd called it a shared memory design. if the slave gets triggered by a write to the memory, then i'd call it memory mapped i o. and what you describe here could further be called i o channels, i think, in ibm speak. basically, separate processors running their own code, which can do limited kind of stuff, mostly related to i o functions for the main processor. some of these designs even allowed you to place the "program" to be run in shared memory, and then kick off the i o processor to do the work, and it signalled back when it was done. but i digress... :- a small permanently-resident "kernel" to handle pp commination and task swapping was written, but job processing, file management, etc. was performed for each job with a sort of matryoushka doll setup of overlapping field lengths. in other words, a user program was completely enclosed within the record manager which was completely enclosed within a buffer manager which was completely enclosed within the job supervisor for that job. so all user memory was shared with successively higher privilege level tasks, differing only at what location their respective location 0s were assigned to physical ah, yes. that is also shared memory between different processes, but in a somewhat limited hierarchical way. you could for all oses say that any process is always sharing it's memory with the operating system. :- the also had a bulk core "lcm" which couldn't be executed from, but served for swapping and data storage. as far as piecemeal swapping, i'll leave that for another time when i discuss the cdc zodiac operating system , something for which i suspect no documentation survives. sounds like fun... more information about the cctalk
__label__non_math	0.9362	ard at p850ug1.demon.co.uk thu apr :cdt for 'history', i've got 'automatic digital computers' by m. v. wilkes, which i will not sell at any price well, it's autographed, ok... . wilkes name well, there'd be little point in having it autographed by martin richards bcpl chap , now would there :- seriously, i bought it from a school library sale for iirc 30p. i happend to attend a lecture by professor wilkes about years ago, and i asked him if he'd autograph the book. he did. it's ex-library, somewhat ratty, it's a great book in many ways, yes, mine has got the libray stamps on the first couple of pages :- and shows the pretty high level of software sophistication in . runtime linking loaders . 1st ed's now got for mine just says '1st printing '. more information about the cctech
__label__math	0.7313	rfc: floppy reader writer project recovering uniplus unix for the lisa ray at arachelian.com fri feb :cst so i do have some news on the earlier subject. i've received the disks i'm wondering if temperature had anything to do with it. they sat outside my house in the box for a few hours and were obviously cold when i read them. i disregarded the usual good idea of acclimation and immediately attempted to image them, mostly because i keep an air conditioner on at all times in my computer room which of course in this weather acts as a fan . so if anything, the difference between the machine and the disks was less than 20f. all of the disks read just fine, with the exception of a single disk, which initially failed to read after about the 1st tracks, but later, after i finished imaging the rest of them, i retried it, and that disk worked. i suspect that either the lower temperature helped, or perhaps that one disk that initially failed had some dust which was loosened and allowed to it read the second time around. i'm loathe to mess with these disks anymore as i need to return them to their owner, and don't want to expose them to any more risk. this isn't a very large test set since i didn't attempt reading them at various temperatures and with different drives machines. maybe i'll try just one of the disks to see if it reads at warmer temperatures, but it's an interesting hypothesis anyway. maybe if i find a set of slightly bad non-critical disks in my collection, i can try this again so i'm wondering if temperature has any affect on media readability. to wildly jump to a conclusion here, would colder temperatures stiffen the media, making it easier to read? certainly they would cause the metal in the center of the cookie to contract, but would it have the same effect on the plastic or whatever's under the magnetic coating? note: i'm not suggesting that if you have fragile unreadable media that you should try this, i'm only asking if this is a possibility. don't risk it based on this single one-off sample that the plastic does stiffen and in doing so may cause the magnetic coating to flake off? of course a much simpler explanation is that the disks were originally read with a marginal drive, possibly misaligned or dirty. there were a few other factors that i'm wondering about. the media was written by a 400k gcr floppy drive in the lisa. these of course have a larger r w head. the drives vary the motor speed depending on the track number - there are speeds for these drives. later versions of the apple drives known as superdrives not to be confused with the modern dvd "superdrives" have smaller heads in order to support hd media which they do so only in mfm , but they still support physical reading and writing of gcr disks for ds dd and ss dd. the superdrives however do not vary the motor speed, but rather have a fixed rate spindle motor and vary the shift register read write rate. i would theorize that the smaller r w heads might make it harder for data recovery iff the tracks are slightly misaligned or the data is partially damaged, the smaller r w head wouldn't see the whole width of the written track, and any damage to the area that it would see would prevent it from reading the drive, while an original 400k or even an 800k drive would see the whole width of the track, and average out the missing data with the existing data, possibly making it more readable. any merit to this idea? perhaps for the original subject for the floppy reader writer board, having actual ds dd drives as well as a ds hd drives is more ideal? i.e. have both a 720k and a .44m ." drive as well as both ." 360k drives and .2m drives and switch according to whatever was used to write to the drive? in my case, i was able to read all of the disks with a superdrive, and a later model of a superdrive at that, so this didn't apply at all. the tam is built from notebook components, and was built later than most more information about the cctech
__label__non_math	1.0000	why choose classicsonline? classicsonline is your source for classical music new releases, rare catalog, historical recordings and exclusive bargains. our vast classical music catalog has over million tracks from more than ,000 albums available in drm-free mp3 320kbps and flac lossless format . more than 500 new albums are added each month, all of which are carefully indexed, and searchable by composer, artist, work and label. membership is free, and registration includes free tracks for download. get a free track every week and gain access to exclusive classical deals when you subscribe to our newsletter. classicsonline was honored in as the best classical download site by the midem classical awards jury. some titles may not be available in all countries because of possible
__label__non_math	0.9978	the p-is a substantial project and one of the better p-40s we have handled over the years. the newly rebuilt fuselage is presently being fitted out internally. a fully rebuilt tail group is being completed, and the wings are complete but unrestored. the project includes an engine will require overhaul , engine mount, radiators and oil cooler, exhausts, hamilton standard propeller. the price for the project 'as-is' is au. substantial project aircraft includes fuselage an tail group in very good restorable condition, plus engine and wings etc. most items there, and many items duplicated. call for further details. this bf109 was one of several wrecks recovered from russia together during the early 1990s. all three were sent to the usa, then to canada, and on to australia. one was then sold to germany, another subsequently returned to the usa about a decade ago, and then moved on to europe, however this machine has remained stored in australia all these years. contact us for further details.... two examples of the dual control yak-fighter-trainer have been completely rebuilt down to the last nut and bolt and to stock yakovlev let standard, care being taken to avoid westernizing or over-restoring them. these aeroplanes are due to fly this july, fresh off the factory floor and with zero-time ash-engines freshly overhauled by a company in switzerland specializing in the overhaul of ash radial engines. with its striking pre-war style colour scheme, zk-arz has long been considered one of new zealand's most admired tiger moths. her owner has recently moved off-shore andso is offering her for sale to a discerning buyer. the tiger enjoyed a professional restoration with all new woodwork, new fabric, new propeller, overhauled engine etc. but has flow little over the past decade, and so remains in beautiful condition with low hours since her restoration. advanced project, very complete, straight and needing to be finished. one wing rebuilt, the second in original condition. fuselage re-riveted, tail surfaces likewise. since these are so rarely available, this is likely one of the last largely intact spitfires you'll ever see advertised and unlikely to be available for very long at all. get in touch for further details but serious inquiries only please reluctantly offered for sale, this is one of just two examples of this elegant five seat touring aircraft remaining in intact condition world-wide. this aircraft spent its early life in australia before making its way to the usa and ultimately, england where it was beautifully restored to its present standard. in recent times it has flown many passengers in its nz aviation heritage environment, and is maintained in very good order. easily the best priced v-ww-ii fighter available in the world today. rebuilt using a yak-wing with a new-build yak-fuselage. completed to be light and as simple as possible, it is powered by an allison v- with a ham std. propeller to provide the lowest maintenance engine prop combination for a v-fighter. airframe engine prop, less than hours since overhaul. one owner, last years, always hangared. excellent example of the reliable and low maintenance side x side jet trainer and ground attack aircraft. we have sold one example recently, but here is a second chance. this aircraft had new wings and tail group fitted before being retired from rnzaf service. has recent immaculate paint. good times. your shopping cart
__label__non_math	0.9965	i need desperately a washer and dryer in good working condition and not to far from the peninsula area.i am a grandmother raising grandchildren ages ,,.i am unemployed can't afford to by one please help thank you god bless. respond to this ad avoid scams and fraud signs of fraud: wire transfer, money orders, cashier checks, shipping, escrow, "transaction protection", "guarantee". be safe by dealing locally. read more
__label__non_math	0.9995	you are here zhongshan riot reveals long unresolved tensions in guangdong a major riot involving hundreds of migrant workers in the pearl river delta city of zhongshan this monday and tuesday has reignited long unresolved tensions between the local and migrant populations in guangdong. the cause of the riot was reportedly the beating and detention by local security forces of a -year-old boy from chongqing who had been involved in a fight with a local boy. this trigger was very similar to that of a riot in the guangzhou suburb of zengcheng almost exactly a year ago, when security guards physically abused a pregnant street vendor from sichuan. in both cases, as news of the incident quickly spread among the migrant populations, more and more people joined the protests, leading to clashes with police and extensive damage to property. in the zhongshan township of shaxi, it was reported that several protestors had been killed and more than 100 injured, with more than 100 arrests. in shaxi, as in zengcheng last year, the city was quickly locked down by security forces and it is expected to remain so for several days. following the riot in zengcheng, and a similar migrant worker protest in chaozhou last year, the guangdong government promised to take more effective measures to resolve the long-standing problems faced by migrant workers in the province and better integrate them into local society. the government has taken some steps, including setting up a federation of labour organizations in the province to more effectively tackle workers issues, but the tensions between the migrant and local population are decades old and the result of deeply ingrained structural issues, particularly the household registration system, which make migrants second class citizens in their own country. according to statistics released last year, more than one third of guangdong s population are migrants, and in the towns of the pearl river delta that figure can rise to as high as percent. the provincial government claims that it will give .million migrants residency each year, however, it is highly unlikely that young migrant factory workers will benefit from this policy. although restrictions on residency have been relaxed slightly in recent years, the provincial and local governments still only select the most eligible candidates, usually those with long-term, well-paid jobs and property or investments in the city.
__label__non_math	1.0000	asthma outreach and education clean air council is currently working in medically under-served communities of philadelphia to educate asthma patients of all ages, parents, and health care professionals about indoor and outdoor environmental asthma triggers. asthma is a chronic condition of the lungs that makes people more sensitive to air pollution. asthma is caused by genetics and exposure to pollution, allergens, and toxins found in indoor and outdoor air. the council provides information on basic asthma health, air pollution and health, indoor air quality checklists, and the tools available for reducing pollution in your community. the council has materials created especially for eduacting children, including an interactive asthma triggers game and coloring books. the council also works to connect community members with free or low-cost health and asthma management services throughout the city. in addition to offering materials, the council can also provide your community group or health care organization with a free workshop on indoor and outdoor air pollution, how it affects health, and the many low- to no-cost strategies for reducing exposure. feel free to contact us should you like to schedule a workshop or have any questions about how we can meet the needs of your organization.
__label__non_math	0.9943	sunday, i was hoping to get down to the dikes for some blackberry picking today but got caught up with the housework and building my sons' huge trainset it does look pretty cool though i just wanted to update everyone on the discontinued scents. they will be available until august 31st and then off to retirement they go. here is the list: if you would like to order any before they are gone just let me know. there will be lots of new fabulous scents taking their place on september 1st here is a peak at the september warmer of the month. is it really that time of year already??
__label__non_math	0.9677	q: is roof algae the same as driveway mold? q: can i use roof cleaners with direct-inject powerwashers? jane d from north carolina a: yes, roof cleaner qse is compatible. yes, roof cleaner qse is compatible with direct-inject powerwashers also called chemical injectors or soap-tips . just adjust the dilutions so that the end dilution remains gallons of water for every ez pouch. roof qse far exceeded my expectations roof cleaner qse product review i wanted to let you know that your product far surpassed my expectations in terms of the finished product. you never know how much extra effort went into photos in advertising but i can honestly say that your qse product was very easy to use and worked just like the literature said it would i m enclosing a few before and after shots . . . . i wanted to get a few with the sun on the roof as the before shots had but it was late afternoon by the time i finished and i wanted to take a few shots to send you. my neighbor came over and wanted to know what i was using as he said the roof looked brand new . . . . and the house is years old. thanks for a product that delivered more than i had expected . . . and as far as the subject line goes, i should have said what did you guys do to by stained, ugly roof . . . . now it looks like it is brand new again thanks for a first rate product that far exceeded my expectations and one that has drawn compliments from neighbors in my neighborhood. andy s from south carolina october our roof cleaner is using a secret formula we hear this claim quite often once winter breaks and spring begins. you have decided to have your roof cleaned by a professional, and you ve done roof cleaning research and even brushed up on all of the roof cleaning terminology. you decided that you want a safe roof cleaner, something that won t risk damage to plants like using bleach as a roof cleaner. continue reading roof cleaning expectations vary roof by roof it s a common roof cleaning question that we hear from homeowners who just bought a home that has a stained roof: will a roof stain cleaner remove all the black streaks, lichen, roof mold? i want my roof to look like new the short answer is that a roof shingle cleaner will improve the appearance of your shingles, but no cleaner is capable of making a roof look brand new. but a roof cleaner will improve the appearance for very little investment, which makes an attempt at roof cleaning an essential step before deciding to buy a new roof. so let s explore what factors affect how well a roof stain cleaner will work. continue reading success with cold weather roof cleaning projects with the return of cold weather in most parts of the country, many homeowners investigating diy asphalt roof cleaning projects ask about the minimum temperature ranges for using roof cleaning products. minimum temperature guidelines shingle roof cleaning are pretty simple. the roof shingles need be above freezing at least degrees for at least four hours before using roof cleaning chemicals for best results. read on to find out why. continue reading spread across your shingles are black streaks that seem to be crawling down the roof. black mold stains on roof shingles have become common on houses in every price range and neighborhood. what causes roof shingles to streak? what can i do to get rid of roof stains? is power washing roof shingles smart or is the pressure from the wash going to damage the granules on the shingles? we ll explore the answers to these questions as we explore how to remove dark stains from roofs. continue reading as yet another snow storm grips areas north of the mason dixon line, you may not remember the black streaks on your shingle roof, but they are still there. a few times each year we get questions about whether the cold will kill the algae. unfortunately, no. the black algae that forms the ugly roof streaks becomes dormant during the cold season, and waits for the snow and cold to pass before continuing to grow across and down your roof shingles. so what can you do to the black streaks today? start the research and choose a quality roof cleaner that can be applied to your black streaked roof shingles as soon as the weather breaks and spring returns. plan now, and be ready when picnic time arrives at cleaner2day.com our focus is on education and information about roof cleaners, mold cleaners, moth and spider traps. cleaner2day.com is not a store of course you can purchase many of the products we discuss at our platinum sponsor, cleaner today our goal is to help with additional information about some of the common cleaning challenges you face in day to day life. sometimes that means getting rid of unsightly mold on your roof, or how to keep germs at bay while you are traveling on vacation. we look forward to sharing your comments, and the insights of our many contributing authors as we bring you a cleaner2day
__label__non_math	0.8604	the following is an excerpt from the introductory comments at the solar in new york event. for the future success of solar energy, it s vital that all of us, regardless of our political colors, make sure that solar is apolitical. i can hear the snickering already; what about solyndra? let me assure you that there will be more solyndras, just as there will be more deepwater horizons. there is, in fact, a platform even farther out in the gulf of mexico called blind faith and also owned by bp. the difference between solyndra and deepwater horizon is billion dollars. solar energy is too vital for it to become the domain of party line politics. let me explain why briefly. we need to wake up to the power of solar energy. we are about million miles away from the sun but even from million miles out, the sun is so powerful it showers us with ,000 times the energy we use. it is virtually inexhaustible and available everywhere. we can extract its energy directly, so we don t need fire or water to use it. the process is so benign that each of us can have a solar-energy power station on our roofs, and the epa will not have to hold environmental-impact hearings. i believe that solar is at the beginning of its invention cycle sort of like where the pc was in the early 80s, just before it took off. at the time, i bought my first pc. co-workers and it heads were saying, what you going to do with that toy. well, i built a company of over 100 employees with that toy. back then, every new chip was so dazzling it made front page news. those chips don t hold a candle to what s in your smartphone today; let alone what s in your computer. the same kind of thing is starting to happen now with solar panels. some quick examples. the most advanced solar cells now on the market have an energy conversion ratio of , well above the market average of to . sharp corporation has achieved in experimental units. last april, the national renewable energy laboratory produced a solar cell with an efficiency level approaching . note how the technology advances are accelerating now that solar energy is finally gaining traction. we are at the technology breakout point. the pc changed many industries and created many jobs and even new industries. so too will solar. solar is a powerful job creator. each megawatt of solar creates installation jobs and technology and management jobs. we can t let what happened to the climate change debate happen to solar. that s why we must be careful not to politicize the process of getting solar energy accepted. solar is america s, and indeed our planet s, next big tech transformation. ran kohn is executive director of cleantech corridor
__label__non_math	1.0000	apartment for rent clearwater beach - bdrm bath. partially renovated. pool. steps to beach. 950 mo. annual lease. unfurnished. boat slip available. 727-452- - condo for rent clearwater - cove spring condo. newly renovated. water view. 1br 1ba. mo. call jimmy -631-786- - gulf front condo sand key- furnished br 2ba. months minimum. a month. call 941-685-. - island estates condo sunwatch-3br .5br. immaculate. waterfront. large balcony. secure parking. pools. tennis. exercise room. no smoking. month. call 727-934- or 513-602-. - condos for rent 2br 2ba waterfront dock. mo. 1br 1ba for rent or sale. call 727-733- - sand key condo for rent 2br 2ba with panoramic view of gulf and intracoastal. hurricane shutters, leather couches, " tv. annual- mo. 727-743- - sand key condo sand key club - bd, ba., sf. 9th floor end unit, bonus room, pool. mo. 727-420- - sand key waterfront townhouse for rent 150 marina del rey. 3br .5ba 2200sf end unit. -car garage, boat dock, pool, balconies, office. mo. 727-420- - house for rent belleair beach -204 harrison ave. waterfront 3br 3ba, -car garage. deep water dock - ,000 lb. boat lift. first, last, security. mo. annual. no pets. 727-585- any time. - north clearwater beach - one person. no pets. first, last, plus security. mo. includes utilities, cable. 727-446- - villa for rent clearwater - normandy oaks. . 1r 1ba. completely remodeled. new appliances. pool. clubhouse. mo. 727-581- or 860-913-. - 701 north hercules - sq. ft. rogers st. - sq. ft. condo - 2br 2ba. furnished. great view. mo. call sonia at charles rutenberg realty 727-254- - real estate wanted local company buys houses-cash-takes over mortgage payments- long term leases- any area, any condition-fast close mowing lawns. we have as many as you want. no fees or royalties. no on-site customers. - chilly philly italian water ice selling equipment supplies, philly secret recipe more. money maker. 50ks. call 407-451- - cleanest clean you've ever seen like new when done. no-one does it better. call 796- or 642-. - private taxi. -passengers for the same price - .beaches to or from tampa airport. call 727-422-. - priced to sell real deal - at sylvan abby in clearwater. double mausoleum. preferred level. includes casket, openings and closings. negotiable. for info call mary owner at 446-. return to home page return to current edition
__label__non_math	1.0000	bachhuber was introduced by cleveland councilman dale hughes, owner of the mountain view inn where the corporate executive has resided for more than six months. the wacker vp said he and his wife have now purchased a residence here, and his two college-age children will be arriving soon from germany and england to spend the summer. hughes pointed out bachhuber has years of management experience and was manager of wacker s operation in china before coming to bradley county. the city official also surprised the guest speaker with a birthday cake. bachhuber said after the luncheon that he didn t know how they found out it was his birthday, although wacker communications manager amanda plecas had a sly smile. wacker s site manager said, i want to let you know what wacker is doing here. he quickly added, you can do a lot with .billion, the anticipated cost of this major project. this is a big vision wacker has here, and we believe mankind needs this kind of technology and we need the raw material for polysilicon. our project here has huge potential. the company s top executive in bradley county says he has always been involved with managing plants for wacker . he added that he gets them up and running and also builds new plants. he emphasized wacker currently has percent of the world s polysilicon market, and that share is growing. we are active all over the world, bachhuber said. we are one of the world s largest producers. the site manager said the company s plant in burghausen, germany, is its largest, adding that the north bradley county plant will be of comparable size. he also displayed a video of the german plant, which shows how it dominates the nearby residential community. bachhuber explained the process which leads to polysilicon. he said it begins with quartz, adding that there is plenty of quartz in the world and we ll never run out. the plant will distill the ore from percent to .percent pure. the plant manager said there are several steps in this distillation process. our customers will then take our product, crystalize it and cut it into bricks, bachhuber explained. he said the bricks are then cut into wafers which are used to make cells which can produce electricity. much of the final steps of the process are completed in china, although it can be done elsewhere. the wacker official said charleston will be the company s third production site. we can expand all three of these sites, he said of future growth needs. there is a huge potential right now in this business and the market is growing dramatically in the u.s., in china and around the world. one of the reasons for coming to bradley county was the availability of energy from the tennessee valley authority. tva has been doing a great job providing us electricity, bachhuber said. he pointed out the need of -hour electricity for the ore cooking process. we can t shut down the process at night, he said in answering an inquiry as to why the company doesn t use solar power. he said there will be more than buildings at the plant site. there are 700 to 800 workers at the site during preliminary stages of construction. the plant manager said there are 200 employees on board, there will be 400 next year and 650 when production starts up. bachhuber informed the crowd the first big tanks arrived on site last week, and he apologized for any impact the construction project will have on traffic in the charleston and north bradley county area. initial production from the plant is anticipated at the end of . the site manager said there are many advantages of locating in southeast tennessee, we hope to impact the whole region, he said. what we were looking for in locating here was energy tva , a labor pool and support. bachhuber displayed a series of videos giving kiwanis club members an update on progress of plant construction. the display began with site preparation and continued to the addition of buildings, the huge tanks and columns. in a question-and-answer session, bachhuber politely dodged a question about the possibility of tours at the plant site. we re currently trying to focus on the project and safety issues, he said. he said there are currently or so new employees in germany for training. they are mixing well with the local residents, he said. one has even become quarterback on the community s football team. asked about the company s involvement in the community, bachhuber said wacker is developing a local program. that role will grow, he said of future potential.
__label__non_math	0.9999	the diocesan social action through the catholic commissions working within the eight counties of the diocese of cleveland seeks to shape a more caring society and a more peaceful world through justice education, advocacy, community development and organizing. our work is based on the call of the gospel to work for the respect and dignity of all human life, the elimination of poverty, to speak out against injustice, and to promote the common good. readings and psalms for this month pope benedict xvi issues new encyclical, caritas in veritate charity in truth : please advocate for full medicaid expansion call or write your members of the general assembly see catholic conference of ohio action alert see letters to governor and members of general assembly find special events for your county society s concern for the environment requires that we catholics examine our own stewardship of god s creation and our responsibility to those after us. echoing numerous appeals from the holy see and u.s. catholic bishops in this regard, we have a need to take seriously the need to educate and raise questions about new methods of drilling in northeast ohio which have the promise of developing jobs, but also have the prospect of damaging the environment for future generations. read more in , the state of ohio became responsible for regulating oil and gas wells. for more information regarding oil and gas drilling, please visit: state regulations are part of new energy bill: sb. 315 fracfocus provides public access to reported chemical used for hydraulic fracturing new york times drilling down series ohio environmental council: what is horizontal fracking? ohio hydraulic fracturing state review, january, con:neogap action needed on hhs rule opposed: violates rights of conscience religious freedom u.s. bishops sharply criticize the decision by the obama administration in which it ordered almost every employer and insurer in the country to provide sterilization and contraceptives, including some abortion-inducing drugs, in their health plans. ...more call for a moratorium on the death penalty joe d ambrosio was wrongfully convicted of the murder of anthony klann in cleveland. cuyahoga county prosecutors withheld pieces of evidence that would have exonerated d ambrosio at his trial and implicated another suspect in the crime...more hb 160 introduced by representatives celeste d and antonio d , would abolish ohio's death penalty. other cosponsors include: representatives blair r , hagan, r. d , murray d , lundy d , foley d , garland d , ramos d , yuko d , heard d , letson d , boose r , williams d catholic conference of ohio press statement in support of hb 160 catholic bishops of ohio statement on the death penalty legislative advocacy materials catholic conference of ohio informational page on legislation protecting unborn life catholic conference of ohio informational page on the state budget catholic conference of ohio informational page on legislation related to catholic education catholic conference of ohio informational materials regarding catholic health care ohio here to help this ohio department of job and family services resource helps ohio's unemployed workers learn more about the programs and resources available to them, from both the government and the private sector. how to get help in hard times cleveland catholic charities has an employment and training office call 216-426- for more information health care reform ohio high risk health insurance pool enrollment for ohio s high risk pool started on august 1st. the federal health care reform law called for the creation of temporary health insurance programs for individuals with pre-existing conditions. these high risk pools will last until , when full federal reforms take effect. ohio has designated medical mutual of ohio as the entity to administer the program. applications are available at ohio risk pool or by phone at -877-730-. hard copy application packets will also be available at the one-stop and benefit bank sites throughout the state. medical mutual will offer plans with deductibles of ,500. coverage summaries and rate sheets for both plans, along with additional information about the program, are also available ohio risk pool ohio is expected to receive approximately million to operate this high risk pool until . it is estimated that this will provide funding to cover approximately ,500 individuals, while about five times that many are eligible. for this reason, applications will be taken on a first come, first served basis. read more on health care reform... the bishops have called for a renewed dialogue and action on comprehensive immigration reform. find the latest statements and action alerts at the justice for immigrants website, society has a duty to defend life against violence and to reach out to victims of crime. yet our nation s increasing reliance on the death penalty cannot be justified. because we have other ways to protect society that are more respectful of human life, the catholic church supports efforts to end the use of the death penalty and, in the meantime, to restrain its use through broader use of dna evidence, access to effective counsel, and efforts to address unfairness and injustice related to application of the death penalty. find out what is happening locally by emailing or calling your life and human dignity read the latest statements on support for pregnant women, abortion, embryonic stem-cells and foca. more... u.s. catholic bishops' respect life materials u.s. catholic bishops' immigration reform campaign u.s. catholic bishops' campaign to end the use of the death penalty against u.s. poverty catholic campaign against global poverty campus website to promote catholic social teaching, life and transforming our world: our catholic faith in action
__label__non_math	0.9666	china s inflation, which reached .percent on a year-over-year basis in march, is largely a product of that country s desire to closely manage the renminbi-dollar exchange rate. over the past decade and a half, china has alternated between exchange-rate pegs or controlled renminbi appreciations, and foreign-exchange reserves have poured into the country. despite allowing the renminbi to appreciate percent on balance since , the flood of reserves has only accelerated, which suggests that the renminbi remains substantially undervalued. while the exact currency composition of these reserves is unknown, economists guess that china holds roughly percent in dollar-denominated assets. this inflow of reserves connects china s exchange-rate policies with its inflation problem. when companies in china acquire dollars through their exports or through inward investments, they exchange them with commercial banks in china for renminbi. the people s bank of china pboc , in turn, requires the banks to cash in the lion s share of these dollars with the pboc. in payment, the pboc credits the banks with newly created renminbi reserves. the monetary base the tinder from which inflation ignites expands. between and , the pboc neutralized nearly percent of the impact of these reserve inflows on the monetary base by selling so-called sterilization bonds to banks. the monetary base, nevertheless, expanded sharply over these years. in the absence of this monetary offset, the situation would probably have been worse. the monetary base would have grown more closely in step with the foreign-exchange reserves on the pboc s books. last year the situation was a little different, but still disconcerting. the pboc s accumulation of foreign-exchange reserves was again enormous, but it only accounted for percent of the expansion in the monetary base, according to imf data international financial statistics april , lines through 17r . the bank s acquisition of domestic assets accounted for a small part percent of the base expansion, and a reduction in other central-bank liabilities including outstanding central-bank bonds accounted for the rest. to damp inflationary pressures, the monetary authorities have raised reserve requirements and mandated bank interest rates, and they have encouraged banks to limit their lending. these actions do not affect the monetary base directly, but they limit the extent to which the monetary base can support a bigger money stock the stuff people in china actually spend. still, with the base growing sharply, this seems a little like blowing on a house fire. china and many other countries that closely manage their exchange rates blame commodity prices typically expressed in dollars and an easy u.s. monetary policy for fanning global inflation. a renminbi appreciation, as economist dave altig recently reminded us, would lower the renminbi prices of dollar-denominated imports to china. even better, a renminbi float would allow china to adopt a monetary policy focused on domestic price stability. europe implemented floating dollar exchange rates in early specifically for that purpose. that s what floating exchange rates do.
__label__non_math	0.9984	as the college of cardinals prepares to elect a new pope, houston's cardinal daniel dinardo celebrated mass sunday morning in rome. just before sunday's mass, dinardo spoke with local 's bill balleza who is also in rome covering the papal conclave. "hello bill, how are you? we've been busy, but i think we'll be ready for tuesday," said dinardo. when dinardo was elevated to cardinal, pope benedict gave him the honorary title to a parish church in rome, where he arrived sunday morning to celebrate sunday mass with his parishioners. "i'm very fortunate, bill, to have been given a church that is actually a parish church," dinardo said to balleza. dinardo traveled to rome ten days ago to begin a series of meetings leading up to the conclave that begins tuesday. "i miss houston already," said dinardo. several houstonians were among those who attended sunday's mass, and the cardinal graciously acknowledged their presence, nodding to them as he processed up the aisle to begin the ritual of catholic mass. just before the service began, he addressed them directly from the altar. "i understand there are a number of people from houston here today, you'll be inspired," said dinardo. dinardo has one final meeting with the other 114 electors before they are locked away in the sistine chapel, until they choose one among them to lead the roman catholic church.
__label__non_math	0.9997	stocks: job market to steal show monthly employment report due out friday the fourth quarter kicks off with a series of important reports on the u.s. economy. while data from across the economic spectrum is expected this week, investors will pay most attention to reports about jobs. figures about private sector job growth from paycheck processing firm adp and a reading on initial claims will give a preview of what's going on in the labor market on wednesday and thursday. but those figures lead up to the main event on friday, when the labor department releases its employment report. last month, the economy added only ,000 to payrolls, less than what's needed to keep up with population growth. and while the unemployment rate fell to .percent, the improvement came as a result of nearly 400,000 of those without jobs stopping their search for work. the persistent weakness in the labor market was a major factor in the federal reserve's decision to pump more money into the economy through the purchase of mortgage bonds in a third round of quantitative easing, popularly known as qe3. investors will get a glimpse into what went into the central bank's decision to announce qe3 when the fed releases minutes from its september fmoc meeting on thursday. since the fed's decision leaves the size and duration of the stimulus open-ended, investors will be mining the minutes for clues as to what it plans to do next. any improvement or slowdown in the economy could impact how much and how long the central bank intervenes, which explains why economic data has come under even more scrutiny since the fed announced it stimulus measures. besides data on the jobs market, investors will look for reports on the manufacturing sector, as the institute for supply management releases a report on the sector's strength in september on monday. manufacturing activity in the u.s. has contracted three months in a row, according to the ism's most recent reports. and given that last week's chicago purchasing managers index for september came in far below expectations and showed a contracting economy for the first time since , investors aren't expecting this week's report to be any better. general motors, ford, toyota, honda and other automakers are due to release sales figures for september on tuesday. only a small handful of companies are on tap to report earnings this week, including agricultural companies mosaic and monsanto, hotel owner marriott and wine and spirits maker constellation brands. analysts aren't expecting much movement in the market despite the fact that investors will get a clearer picture of where the economy is headed. according to brian gendreau, market strategist with cetera financial, that's because the numbers will be more of the same. "we're in a period of slow growth and the outlook hasn't really changed," he said. "with the data this week, i fully expect the reports to show that we're in a weak economy with slight improvement." while most of the attention will be on the u.s. economy this week, europe will once again share the spotlight ahead of the european central bank's governing council meeting on thursday. worries over the eurozone were reignited last week, as europeans protested austerity measures in greece and spain. spain passed two major hurdles last week when it proposed its budget and results from an independent auditor's stress test fell in line with expectations. but worries over spain's banking trouble persist. many think it's just a matter of time before the ailing nation asks for a bailout. u.s. stocks finished the year's third quarter with solid gains, but were lower for the week. the dow jones industrial average, the s p 500 and the nasdaq ended the week down between and .
__label__non_math	1.0000	clint bowyer won a tense fuel-strategy battle with the top three drivers in the chase for the sprint cup standings and beat them to the finish of saturday night's bank of america 500 at charlotte motor speedway. in the process, bowyer closed in on the top three -- brad keselowski, jimmie johnson and denny hamlin -- in the run for the championship as the chase moves into the final five races. bowyer outran hamlin by .second to score his third win of the year. bowyer ran out of fuel after the finish and wasn't able to perform one of the blistering burnouts he has become known for. johnson finished third, and keselowski, who ran out of fuel in the final 100 miles, was 11th, a lap down. keselowski retained the points lead, but his margin over johnson was cut in half, from to seven. hamlin stayed in third and trails keselowski by only . bowyer jumped a position into fourth and is behind keselowski. "that was like playing blackjack," keselowski said of the fuel-strategy game. "sometimes you're going to get a good deal, but you're not going to win them all." hamlin gave up a shot at passing bowyer for the win to retain the fuel-saving strategy. "it goes against everything we've ever learned as race car drivers," he said. "i knew what i had to do." meanwhile, bowyer and his team, led by crew chief brian pattie, had figured their fuel mileage to near-perfection, and bowyer pitted on sequence to finish the race with his last drops of gas. "the run before the last one really won the race," bowyer said. "if we had pitted one lap earlier, we would have run out of gas at the end of the race ." completing the top five were greg biffle and kyle busch. in the second five were mark martin, carl edwards, kasey kahne, joey logano and martin truex jr. biffle's finish boosted him three spots in the chase to sixth, but he is points behind keselowski entering the kansas race. jeff gordon finished 18th and fell three positions to ninth, points out. although points is a heavy total to make up over five races, bowyer said he'll roll into his home track -- kansas speedway -- next week with the idea of making it work. "we're a hell of a lot better than we were leaving talladega and being back in victory lane and having new life and new hope going into kansas," he said. "there's a lot of racing left. nobody knows what to expect there. it's a repave. you don't know if somebody is going to stub their toe." bowyer was points down entering the race after finishing 23rd at talladega last week because of the massive last-lap crash. "after talladega, we had to be able to get back in the game," pattie said. "to win this race really set the standard for getting on down the road and putting that behind us." he said the team will continue its search for victories over the chase's final five events. "we're going for trophies," he said. "that's the only way you're going to beat the keselowski , the johnson and the hamlin . we had to do something special to get back into it." outside the chase group, regan smith had a tough night in his spotlighted run as a substitute for dale earnhardt jr., who missed the race because of health issues. smith started the race 26th and advanced to 10th before being sidelined with engine trouble laps in. he finished 38th but will get another shot in the hendrick motorsports no. next week at kansas. by sitting out saturday's race, earnhardt fell from 11th to 12th in chase points and probably will finish the year in that spot. aj allmendinger, who made his return to nascar saturday night after being suspended this summer for failing a drug test, finished 24th in the phoenix racing chevrolet. kurt busch, driving the furniture row racing chevrolet for the first time, finished 21st. earnhardt's absence looms over race taking attention from a hotly contested chase for the sprint cup in the middle of nascar's version of the playoffs isn't easy. but you have a shot if your name happens to be earnhardt.
__label__non_math	1.0000	tickets for the world series go on sale wednesday after the tigers took a -lead against the yankees in the alcs tickets will be available for the potential world series home games by phone and online starting at a.m. for tickets, call 866 -tiger or go to tigers.com tickets will not be available at the comerica park box office. fans can buy up to tickets for world series game. the tigers send max scherzer to the mound wednesday night to take on yankees ace c.c. sabathia. the game starts at p.m. if necessary, there will be a third home game thursday at p.m.
__label__non_math	0.9952	in an effort to pressure the obama administration to answer a lingering question related to the benghazi attack, sen. john mccain, r-ariz., is reconsidering his pledge not to filibuster the nomination of former sen. chuck hagel to be defense secretary, according to his spokesman brian rogers. mccain wants to know if the president ever personally contacted anyone in the libyan government during the benghazi attack to seek assistance for the americans in the compound. mccain, along with sen. lindsey graham, r-s.c., and sen. kelly ayotte, r-n.h., have been trying to get the answer for months, said rogers, and they reiterated their request in a letter to the president on monday. mccain "is not calling for a filibuster in the sense of stopping the nomination cold," rogers explained. but the senators are "entitled" to a response and it "should be very easy for the administration to answer," he said. a decision to filibuster hagel's nomination, would be an about face for mccain who said recently "i don't think it's appropriate and i would oppose such a move."
__label__non_math	1.0000	think you know it all? even smart people can make big health mistakes. you may think you know it all when it comes to your body, but there are plenty of health mistakes even the smartest people make, according to yahoo can't stop piling food on your plate? you may be surprised why.
__label__non_math	0.9999	anelka to leave china and join juventus? nicolas anelka's ill-fated move to china appears to be over after italian club juventus claimed on saturday that the former france striker is poised to join on a short-term deal. anelka moved to shanghai shenhua from english side chelsea on a two-year contract in january after agreeing a deal reportedly worth more than 800,000. shenhua struggled to ninth place in the chinese super league last year despite also signing anelka's former chelsea teammate didier drogba on an even higher pay packet. anelka took over as team coach for a brief period after jean tigana was sacked, with former argentina world cup winner sergio batista subsequently being appointed. the -year-old will reportedly join serie a champions juventus before the end of the january transfer window, as the club's bosses seek to boost their attacking options ahead of the expected july signing of spain striker fernando llorente. on saturday anelka posted an internet picture of himself at an airport, which fellow twitter users purported to be en route to that of juve's home city turin. he has been training with his first senior team, paris saint-germain. he has been involved in transfers worth a total million, playing for top clubs such as real madrid, liverpool, manchester city, arsenal and fenerbahce. "this summer we made a significant investment to try and strengthen the group but clearly at this stage we are in an emergency situation," juventus sporting director beppe marotta told the sky italia tv channel. "as a result, it is logical to make this signing. it should be made official in the next few days. we have an agreement with anelka for five months with the possibility to sign a further deal if agreeable to both parties." juve dropped points in saturday's frustrating -draw at home to third-bottom genoa, but still moved six clear at the top. striker fabio quagliarella scored his seventh league goal in matches in the 54th minute, but marco borriello -- who spent the second half of last season on loan at juve -- leveled with a diving header quarter of an hour later. third-placed lazio could have cut juve's then five-point lead to two in saturday's earlier game, but lost -to midtable chievo to stay below napoli on goal difference. napoli can now reduce the deficit in sunday's trip to parma, while fourth-placed inter milan host torino. english premier league leaders manchester united reached the fifth round of the fa cup with a -victory at home to fulham, as striker javier hernandez netted twice after goals from wayne rooney and veteran ryan giggs, with a penalty. arsenal snatched a -win at second division brighton as france striker olivier giroud scored twice and fellow forward theo walcott came off the bench to strike a decisive late goal. norwich became the first top-flight team since to lose to a non-league side in the world's oldest knockout tournament, crashing -at home to luton. the premier league's bottom team queens park rangers lost -at third division mk dons, following friday's exit by fellow strugglers aston villa at the hands of second tier millwall. manchester city, everton, reading and wigan went through. in germany, bayer leverkusen returned to second place despite being held -by freiburg on saturday. leverkusen moved a point above two-time defending champions borussia dortmund, who won -at home to nuremberg on friday. bayern munich go into sunday's trip to stuttgart with an eight-point lead. in spain, valencia moved up to fifth place after snatching -win at bottom club deportivo la coruna, as ricardo costa headed home in time added on before paulo assuncao became the second home player to be sent off. deportivo had led -at halftime through a riki double, but on-loan portuguese defender silvio was sent off seven minutes after the break for a second bookable offense. levante earlier won -at home to midtable valladolid thanks to a 90th-minute own goal from serbian defender antonio rukavina, which put "los granotes" behind their valencian rivals on goal difference.
__label__non_math	0.9946	hailey hatred vs. mercedes martinez this is a singles match between hailey hatred and mercedes martinez. martinez has shown her true colors as well as a mean streak as of late, will this help her defeat hatred or will hailey send martinez to the locker room with a loss? filesize: 304 mb list price: . sale price: . shimmer vol. , shimmer women athletes mercedes martinez, hailey hatred
__label__non_math	0.9999	there's nothing wrong with being a creature of habit -- unless you're a media buyer, that is. buyers and planners tend to return time and again to online advertising strategies they know well. as this affords the ability to use past learning to establish future efficiencies, the approach has produced many an effective campaign. depending on the nature of the client, though, it could also be selling them short. there are a lot of exciting new opportunities worthy of exploration. many of these are similar to more traditional marketing methods, so they don't require a huge leap of faith. if you like paid search, try stumbleupon most marketers already run paid search advertising campaigns. objectives may include generating additional site traffic or producing sign-ups, downloads, or sales, but most likely they involve promotion of an activity on an advertiser's site. if that's the case, consider an addictive little tool called stumbleupon. a social bookmarking service, stumbleupon introduces internet users to relevant sites they can bookmark and share with friends. after installing the tool, users click on a custom toolbar to meander through the internet. the service chooses sites based on topics of interest and user ratings of the sites viewed via thumbs-up and thumbs-down icons. stumbleupon marketers don't pay for clicks but for site visits -- with pricing starting at .a pop . they can also cap their daily traffic and ad spend. instead of delivering text ads to consumers, stumbleupon delivers the advertiser's entire site. you pay for your site to be included among those shown to users, targeted by topic of interest, a history of preferred site types a form of behavioral targeting , or demographic registration data. according to stumbleupon, entertainment and content-rich sites achieve the best results; the site must approve all potential advertising submissions. consider it in particular to promote client microsites, blogs, and viral campaigns. if you like ivillage, try glam media glam media launched just a year and a half ago, but already it ranks among the web's top sites for women. in march, comscore ranked the site second, behind women's content stalwart ivillage. it also landed on the comscore media metrix top 100 web properties list, with million unique monthly visitors. a self-described web .new media company, glam operates like an ad network, selling placements on fashion and beauty properties. it differs from an ad network because the majority of these sites are consumer-generated blogs attractive to active consumers and powerful influencers. in addition to selling standard display units on its sites, glam produces advertiser-sponsored integrated content for the network's portal, glam.com. the company also works with its bloggers to create product reviews. glossy product spreads are designed to help launch promotions, grow brand awareness, and drive trial and purchases. an ivillage for generations x and y, glam has much to offer advertisers in the fashion and beauty categories, particularly with its integrated content opportunities. as appealing as its social media angle is, however, marketers should approach additional offerings like revenue-driven content creation with caution. just as corporate blogs can go terribly awry if they aren't clearly marked as such, encouraging bloggers to praise products advertised on the site might not sit well with consumers expecting unbiased reviews. what exciting new web services and tools have made their way into your marketing budget? write to me with your favorites for a future column. tessa wegert is an interactive media strategist with enlighten, one of the first full-service digital marketing strategy and services agencies, serving such brands as bior , bratz, food network, illy, hunter douglas, jergens, and olympic paints and stains. an industry veteran, tessa has worked in online media buying and planning, marketing, and online copywriting since . she is an active freelance writer specializing in interactive marketing who has contributed to u.s. and canadian publications, including "usa weekend magazine," "marketing magazine," "the globe and mail," and "the montreal gazette." she is frequently quoted as an industry expert and speaks regularly at industry conferences and events.
__label__non_math	1.0000	america online will debut several new rich media ad units when it unveils its aol.com portal later this month, and advertising has been a top priority in the design plans, clickz news has learned. the new web portal is the centerpiece of aol's strategy to build up advertising revenues as its subscription business -- once a mainstay -- continues to founder. "as much effort as we spend on improving the consumer experience, we're also spending on improving the advertiser experience," david liu, general manager of aol.com, told clickz news. "my job is to make sure the platform is being monetized." the aol ad sales team is currently on a road show promoting the new units, which will become active with the launch of the new aol.com. the ad sales team has been involved in every development meeting for aol.com's new portal, as well as the recently launched aim mail. aol also looked to time warner sister company advertising.com for expertise on what kinds of ad units sold and performed best. the portal will include several unique rich media opportunities on the main homepage, as well as on homepages of other sites in the network. for example, aol recently ran a branded takeover "road block" of its member home page for disney, and the company is expected to continue to offer the unit on the general web portal. all units will comply with the iab's universal ad package uap guidelines, continuing aol's commitment to an open web strategy. aol was much criticized several years ago because ads were difficult to buy and track on its proprietary rainman publishing platform. however, the company is committed to highlighting content and advertising beyond the home pages, hoping to improve display ad opportunities, especially video and rich media units. "a home page is important as an organizing principle, but we benefit more from getting users more deeply into the experience," liu said. "every time we interact with a user, we're going to deliver the payoff first, and then link to additional relevant content on our network." broadband content will be key both to bringing and keeping new users, and providing rich media and video ad opportunities. liu said aol will also use its programming savvy to tailor parts of the site to its core demographic of to year old adults, while catering to a younger audience through aim. "what we'll have is like an interactive tv channel with unlimited shelf space," liu said. to highlight content throughout the network, aol has invested heavily in sem and seo services, making sure every content page is optimized for relevant search results on aol search and other search engines. when aol subscribers log into the web mail service, or when users log into the free aim mail service, they will see links to top news stories on aol.com. further taking advantage of the "network effect," all pages of aol network properties will show a top navigation bar linking to other sites in the network. in addition, on sites like mapquest, more effort will be made to offer users relevant links to information on aol cityguide and other properties, liu said. though aol executives said they had advertisers lined up for the portal's launch, they declined to divulge more specific information. leading up to the launch, aol has been revamping its advertising opportunities for months. it has been standardizing all of its sites on a single ad-friendly media player since april. it made some advertiser-focused changes to aol search in january. kevin newcomb joined clickz in august , covering search marketing and other online marketing topics. he has been reporting on web-based businesses since . before the bubble burst, kevin was a marketing manager for an online computer reseller, handling copywriting, e-mail marketing, search marketing and running the affiliate program. with a combination of real-world marketing experience and years of business journalism, kevin brings to clickz a unique ability to deliver news and training materials that help online marketers do their jobs better.
__label__non_math	0.9999	cliffside industries sets the standard for quality cabinet hardware cliffside industries, ltd. offers a wide variety of quality cabinet hardware all crafted from solid materials. view our incredible selection of finishes and styles to discover how cliffside can make the home not just more beautiful but more durable. kitchen cabinet hardware that makes a statement changing the cabinet hardware in the kitchen creates an entirely new look with a minimum of expense. cliffside industries is proud to offer kitchen cabinet hardware in diverse styles, from vintage-flavored antiqued copper to sleek and elegant brushed stainless steel. wherever the tastes lie in kitchen cabinet hardware, cliffside has a solution. featured kitchen cabinet hardware hardware for the bath cliffside also offers durable and beautiful hardware for the bathroom. we offer distinguished and timeless choices, such as the rope suite, as well as cabinet and wall hardware well-suited for d cors as diverse as traditional, french country, sedona, modern, arts and crafts, and more. naturally, cliffside also offers classic options in finishes, such as brass, nickel, and polished chrome. tired furnishings get made over with our kitchen cabinet hardware transform tired furnishings into modern and functional pieces. nothing makes aged furniture look brighter than new cabinet hardware. you ll be amazed at how cliffside s cabinet hardware will bring furnishings to life again the cliffside cabinet hardware selection includes novelty hardware choices, classic crystal knobs and pulls, solid brass accessories, and more. looking for design inspiration? check out our glossary of hardware and hinge terminology for a better informed search. cliffside leads the industry in customer service at cliffside, we know we re nowhere without our loyal customers. that is why we craft our cabinet hardware with time and care. the superior quality we provide our customers keeps them returning again and again. let us help you select the perfect style and finish of kitchen cabinet hardware, bath hardware, and furniture hardware for your projects. our customer service team has earned a perfect rating, and our online ordering system is not just convenient: it s easy to use. plus, we can deliver your in-stock order within hours. even better, if your order is more than , we will deliver it with free ground shipping cliffside industries cabinet knobs and pulls the cliffside industries selection of cabinet knobs and pulls will provide the ideal finishing touch to any kitchen, bath or furnishing renovation project. browse our selection of cabinet knobs and pulls and discover how cliffside industries can transform the look of the home with quality, distinction and ease. a brass drawer pull for every d cor think you can t find brass drawer pulls suitable for the taste or d cor of the project? think again, because cliffside offers a wide range of finishes and styles. from modern to farmhouse to classic and everything in between, there are kitchen cabinet pulls and cabinet hinges right for your project. styles and finishes our cabinet knobs and pulls come in a variety of styles and finishes. from gleaming polished nickel classic suite knobs to the rustic look of antiqued copper artisan suite cup pulls, cliffside has a cabinet hardware style suitable for your home d cor project. elegant distressed pewter, traditional polished brass, ultra-modern stainless and dozens more round out our selection of finishes. when it comes to style, cliffside sets the industry standard. the details on our knobs and pulls, from the distinguished rope suite to the relaxed aesthetic of sedona, create a look and feel that will transform your home design project. discover how cliffside industries can help you design a more beautiful home today.
__label__non_math	1.0000	wats wrong rasta... are u feeling a little threatened... perhaps by some hot chicky telling you that your nuts are too small for that crack, as she steps passed you and leads it in fine style i took an american chick climbing in the kloofs a few weeks back. she said she wanted some proper hard crack climbing. so off we went to do sabre i can think of very few sa woman or that could lead this climb... and she could think of hundreds back at home... come girls... lets hear your say i know for a fact that of my fianc s goals is to climb harder than me
__label__non_math	0.9997	pediatric expanded access program-oral solution monitor the safety and tolerability of efavirenz oral solution in combination with antiretroviral therapy for the treatment of patients age to years who have failed therapy or who are intolerant to their current therapy. this is an early phase trial and some specific protocol information is in progress and not publicly available at this time. full information is available to trial participants . endpoint classification: safety efficacy study intervention model: single group assignment masking: open label primary purpose: treatment
__label__non_math	0.9864	primary outcome measures: - to determine the sensitivity of the dual-head system relative to single-head for detection of sub mm breast lesions, and to determine the number of images that need to be acquired. time frame: years designated as safety issue: no device: molecular breast imaging mbi to determine the sensitivity of mbi device: czt semiconductor detectors dual headed czt semiconductor detectors if you agree to take part in this study, you will be asked to remove your clothes from the waist up and put on a gown. a female technologist will give you an injection of tc-99m sestamibi in a vein in your arm. this is a drug routinely used for breast imaging. about minutes after your injection, you will be asked to sit in a chair for about minutes. the technologist will position your breast between two small cameras. the cameras will apply a very light compression to your breast to make sure there is no movement during the picture. we will take two pictures of each breast. each picture takes minutes. you will also be asked to fill out a short questionnaire. if you are found to have additional breast lesions, your doctor and radiologist will be notified so that additional imaging or biopsies can be performed.
__label__non_math	1.0000	- the elysium clinic - plastic surgery the charter of the operating room - the face - the charter of the operating room - aesthetic medecine there are types of chemical peels: - mild: in the glycolic acid - medium: the trichloroacetic acid tca - deep: phenol, they are advised to treat acne scars, enlarged pores, some brown spots and dull skin radiance. the downtime is variable according to types of peels, the results are progressive and often required several sessions. more details on the results and consequences are communicated in the consultation with our practitioners.
__label__non_math	0.9998	sakapfet what's happening now, having served as a bridge from post-disaster relief to longer-term reconstruction, the fund has stepped back, empowering haiti to chart its own successful future. final grants promote economic opportunity as haitians transition to long-term reconstruction. root capital ceo willy foote thanks the fund for "serving as a catalyst, for helping build haitian agriculture that empowers small-scale farmers and is truly sustainable in the long-term." we have used these generous donations to help haitians transform their own country. in the immediate aftermath of the earthquake, the fund supported emergency needs. we then transitioned to promoting smart, sustainable economic development. watch our video to see how your donations are helping haiti chart its own bright future.
__label__non_math	0.9998	i have been playing around with a nokia lumia 800 wp7. so far its quite new and different to any andorid or ios5 device i have used. i am unsure if i like it, only tome will tell. any cs peeps have a windows phone? any tips or app recomendations???
__label__non_math	1.0000	pharmacy, inc. does business as cloney's red cross pharmacy and cloney's prescription pharmacy. red cross pharmacy has been in operation since , first under the proprietorship of wilbur wells. in eugene cloney became a partner. this was the beginning of a family owned and operated business currently in existence for over years in eugene became the sole owner. eugene opened a new store in the fuller building present red cross location on october in , eugene's son donald e. cloney joined the business. a second son, stanley e. cloney joined on , a second location was opened, cloney's prescription pharmacy, on harrison avenue. on , donald's son, patrick joined the business as a partner. patrick represents the third generation of cloneys to operate the business. on , patrick became the sole owner of both locations. on , cloney's became a corporation. on , richard spini became a partner. in john backus became a partner. in july, a closed door long-term care pharmacy was added. the way it was by courtney hunt, cloney s pharmacy may not seem like a legend in the history of business in eureka, but it is. for more than a century, cloney s red cross pharmacy has provided prescription and medical services to the community. as one of the original businesses in downtown eureka, cloney s has survived more than a century of business in an area that has seen dramatic changes in the past few decades. according to longtime owner and pharmacist don cloney, the red cross pharmacy was created by e.w. wells in as one of just two pharmacies in eureka at the time. wells and his son willard owned and operated the business in the newly constructed gross building at the corner of fifth and f streets. don s father, eugene, joined the pair in . the main part of business in eureka was down by second street at that time, don said. they put the drug store in the gross building to help fill it up. shared proprietorship of the business with willard until his death in . at that point, eugene became the sole owner and the business became known as cloney s red cross pharmacy. after graduating from the university of california, berkeley, and university of california, san francisco, as a pharmacist, don entered the military and served in europe during world war ii. upon his return in , don, who had worked at the pharmacy as a child, took over part of the business and worked with his father. at the time, several other pharmacies existed in eureka, but business continued to grow when i got out of world war ii, there were six drug stores downtown, don said. in those days, you didn t have to operate on big volume like you do nowadays. the pharmacy truly became a family business when stanley cloney joined forces with his brother don after eugene died in . from this point on, cloney s pharmacy enjoyed success during a time when many businesses were experiencing prime retail years in downtown though enterprises like arthur johnson s, daly s department store, hornbrook s shoes and other retail stores downtown prospered during the second half of the 20th century, business for cloney s followed a more steady path. ours was just a slow, steady increase in business as the years progressed, don said. we didn t have a lot of ups and downs. in good times and bad times, people still get sick. as business flourished downtown, the cloneys started thinking about expanding their business to new medical developments on harrison avenue. in the first part of the century, hospitals and other medical offices were centrally located on trinity and f streets, don said, but in the late 1950s, the medical community moved to the newly constructed harrison avenue in , the cloney brothers opened cloney s pharmacy across the street from st. joseph hospital. today, don s son patrick owns both cloney s pharmacy downtown and the pharmacy on harrison avenue. when his father and uncle, stanley, retired in the mid-1990s, patrick took full ownership of the two pharmacies and has experienced success in both locations as other businesses have come and gone. nearby stores arthur johnson s and daly s closed in , while redwood bootery remained in business until this year. other downtown businesses slowly closed their doors over the years and now, cloney s is one of the last remnants of what used to be the busiest commercial area of when i was a kid, downtown was all there was to eureka, don said. they didn t have myrtletown or henderson center or the hospital center. those hadn t developed, and as they did, the downtown area kind of diminished. patrick, who began working at the pharmacy after he finished his residency at ucla in , agreed with his father, but added that stores that went out of business have been replaced with others that are doing downtown eureka is constantly evolving, every city is constantly evolving, this business is constantly evolving, patrick said. in the last years, there s been a lot of redevelopment that s just helped business downtown is different now than it was years ago, but there are a lot of good things going on, he added. as someone who worked during the time when the downtown area was burgeoning as a mecca for small businesses, don believes the area is being revitalized after experiencing a slow decline for the past couple i think that downtown eureka is coming back, he said. i don t think it will ever be the same as it was, but i think it s coming back. when asked where he sees cloney s pharmacy in the next years, don said, right where it is now.
__label__non_math	0.8333	the nucleofast pcr clean-up kit and nucleofast pcr plates use ultrafiltration for high recovery of nucleic acids in less than minutes. the nucleic acids from the pcr reaction are collected on the filter membrane while the contaminants are filtered directly to the waste. the nucleofast protocol is faster because it eliminates the intermediate wash steps required with silica-based purification systems. the pcr clean-up kit includes buffers and elution plate. the sturdy, one-piece plate is easily adapted to automated processing. the purified pcr products are suitable for most common downstream applications, including capillary sequencing, microarray spotting, restriction analysis, labeling, or cloning. magnetic pcr clean-up kits -well plates nucleomag pcr kits are magnetic bead-based kits for parallel purification of pcr products, which provide a reliable, cost- and labor-efficient tool. pcr products are selectively bound to the nucleomag pcr beads, while contaminants e.g., primers, dntps, enzymes, salts are washed away. purified pcr products are eluted from the beads under low-salt conditions and are ready to use in downstream applications such as sequencing or microarray spotting. since the magnetic bead technology provides a closed system no transfer of sample from one well to another is necessary during the preparation , there is no risk of cross-contamination. the nucleomag technology can be easily adapted to common laboratory automation platforms. it can be used either with static-pin separators e.g., nucleomag sep or magnetic separators integrated into robotic workstations.
__label__math	0.8841	study promoter activity using the living colors fluorescent timer, a fluorescent protein that shifts color from green to red over time . this color change provides a way to visualize the time frame of promoter activity, indicating where in an organism the promoter is active and also when it becomes inactive. easily detect the red and green emissions indicating promoter activity with fluorescence microscopy or flow cytometry. easily characterize promoter activity the fluorescent timer is a mutant form of the dsred fluorescent reporter, containing two amino acid substitutions which increase its fluorescence intensity and endow it with a distinct spectral property: as the fluorescent timer matures, it changes color in a matter of hours, depending on the expression system used. shortly after its synthesis, the fluorescent timer begins emitting green fluorescence but as time passes, the fluorophore undergoes additional changes that shift its fluorescence to longer wavelengths. when fully matured the protein is bright red. the protein s color shift can be used to follow the on and off phases of gene expression e.g., during embryogenesis and cell differentiation . fluorescent timer under the control of the heat shock promoter hsp16-in a transgenic c. elegans embryo. the embryo was heat-shocked in a c water bath. promoter activity was studied during the heat shock recovery period. green fluorescence was observed in the embryo as early as two hr into the recovery period. by hr after heat shock, promoter activity had ceased, as indicated by the lack of green color. ptimer left is primarily intended to serve as a convenient source of the fluorescent timer cdna. use ptimer- right to monitor transcription from different promoters and promoter enhancer combinations inserted into the mcs located upstream of the fluorescent timer coding sequence. without the addition of a functional promoter, this vector will not express the fluorescent timer. detecting timer fluorescent protein you can detect the fluorescent timer with the dsred polyclonal antibody. you can use the dsred1-c sequencing primer to sequence wild-type dsred1 c-terminal gene fusions, including timer fusions. terskikh, a., et al. science290 : .
__label__non_math	0.9998	compact. modern. smart. make your bed then put it away, behind a gorgeous cabinet, until it is needed again. that is the genius behind wall beds from closet factory. combining the principles of murphy beds with our own custom made cabinetry, finishes and accessories, wall beds are the perfect way to save space and enhance your life. by taking advantage of closet factory s full package, which includes custom design, manufacture and installation of all our wall beds, you can: - save valuable floor space - maximize a single room for many purposes - do much more in a smaller space - eliminate the large footprint of a traditional bed - convert a dedicated guestroom into an office or crafting room - completely conceal any size bed until you need it - let your children s friends sleep over with comfort and convenience now you don t have to choose between a dedicated home office and a guestroom. our wall beds let you combine both in one room. we offer a range of mattress sizes and price points, including genuine murphy beds as well as other brands like hafele and sico. this could be the brilliant space solution you ve been looking for. let us help you discover more about wall beds and how they can do big things in your home.
__label__math	0.7622	the bucks are selling the organization so they are freeing up the cap space to make the team less expensive, also i think a s t would be better for the bucks, because there is no way gp is going to want to be on a losing team that doesn't make the play-offs, milwakee is re-building, and expect a s t for payton, they'll be dumb to let him go for nothing. i think if he signs a sign and trade contract, the bucks can't keep him, get the contract states he is going to be traded. i think . does anyone have information of those types of contracts???
__label__non_math	0.9998	1st playable productions from the club penguin wiki, the free, editable encyclopedia about club penguin this page is a stub. you can help by expanding it as soon as possible, then removing this tag. this real life location or event was related to club penguin in some way. 1st playable productions is a video game developer founded in . the company has developed all club penguin games that are on the nintendo ds and their downloadable content. they ranked 39th in the edition of develop 100. games developed for club penguin - club penguin: elite penguin force - club penguin: elite penguin force collector's edition - club penguin: elite penguin force: herbert's revenge
__label__non_math	0.9995	summary of aqtf audit information as a pre-qualified supplier under the user choice - program, club training australia is required to publish audit information in relation to their compliance with the australian quality training framework aqtf . the user choice program provides public funding paid directly to pre-qualified suppliers for the delivery of accredited entry-level training to eligible apprentices and trainees. the aqtf is the national set of standards which assures nationally consistent, high-quality training and assessment services for the clients of australia s vocational education and training system. an aqtf audit reviews evidence of an organisations compliance with the requirements of the aqtf essential conditions and standards of initial continuing registration to confirm that it is achieving quality training and assessment outcomes. the process also identifies opportunities for improvement on these outcomes. this information is published to assist apprentices, trainees and their employers to make informed decisions regarding their selection of a pre-qualified supplier for the delivery of training and assessment services. audit outcome club training australia was audited on november . the qualification audited was the taa40104 certificate iv in training and assessment and the audit outcome noted: nil non-compliances. non-compliance with the aqtf means that requirements of the have not been met based on the evidence reviewed. non-compliances are categorised as minor, significant or critical. for the purposes of the user choice program, only significant and critical non-compliances need to be published. - minor: no, or minor, adverse impact on learners with no serious breakdown of provision of quality training and assessment. - significant: significant adverse impact on learners with insufficient focus on quality training and assessment outcomes. - critical: critical adverse impact on learners with widespread or persistent dissatisfaction with services and outcomes. find out more about club training australia by clicking here.
__label__non_math	0.9914	its been awhile since i finished a quilt and i had almost forgot how much fun it is i did a grid pattern quilting, a lot like i did on this quilt. and its already getting good use watching chicken little for the 37th time.
__label__non_math	1.0000	optimal gout management: managed care considerations release date: july-- credit expiration date: july-- this educational activity has been designed for managed care directors, physicians, pharmacists, nurses, case managers, and other health care professionals interested in managed care issues related to gout management. physicians cme: credit nursing ce: contact hour pharmacist cpe: contact hour .ceu each year approximately million u.s. adults are affected by gout, and the incidence and prevalence are rising. this rise in gout and hyperuricemia has been attributed to the increasing at-risk population, including patients with hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, chronic kidney disease, and the metabolic syndrome. notwithstanding, gout is still one of the most treatable forms of arthritis; and, with proper treatment, patients are likely to avoid serious consequences. however, advanced age, comorbidities, and drug-drug interactions can complicate treatment and often lead to medical errors in the treatment of gout. the progression of gout can be slowed with earlier, more accurate diagnosis. however, gout is frequently misdiagnosed or diagnosed late in the course of the illness. in addition, suboptimal management of gout is recognized as a likely contributor to the recent rise in symptomatic, chronic gout. clinical management of gout continues to lag behind recent advances and the current evidence-based best practices, underscoring the need for continuing education on gout management. gary owens, md gary owens associates medical management and pharmaceutical consulting glen mills, pa it is the policy of the accredited providers to ensure balance, independence, objectivity and scientific rigor in all continuing education programs. faculty must disclose to program participants the existence of any significant financial interest or any other relationship with the manufacturer of any commercial product s discussed in an educational presentation. dr. owens discloses that he has served as a consultant to auxilium pharmaceuticals, oncomed, allergan, eyetech, and johnson johnson; has served on advisory boards for pfizer, eli lilly, and amgen; and has conducted market research for centocor ortho biotech and pfizer. katie eads of namcp has no financial relationships that present a real or perceived conflict of interest. sara thier of medical communication media has no financial relationships that present a real or perceived conflict of interest. beth paczolt, md of medical communication media currently has no financial relationships that present a real or perceived conflict of interest. prior to joining medical communications media she served as a medical director of a promotional medical communications company where her organization received funding from gilead sciences, novartis, merck, and ortho-mcneil janssen. please note: the opinions expressed in this program should not be construed as those of the cme cne provider. the information and views are those of the faculty through clinical practice and knowledge of the professional literature. portions of this program may include the use of drugs for unlabeled indications. use of drugs outside of labeling should be considered experimental, and participants are advised to consult prescribing information and professional literature. physicians: this activity has been planned and implemented in accordance with the essential areas and policies of the accreditation council for continuing medical education accme through the joint sponsorship of the national association of managed care physicians namcp and medical communications media, inc. the namcp is accredited by the accme to provide continuing medical education to physicians. namcp designates this enduring material for a maximum of .ama pra category credit tm. physicians should claim only the credit commensurate with the extent of their participation in the activity. nurses: the american association of managed care nurses has been approved as a provider of continuing education by the virginia nurses association vna . vna is accredited as an approver of continuing education in nursing by the american nurses credentialing center's commission on accreditation. .contact hour will be awarded to nurses who complete this activity. pharmacists: proce, inc. is accredited by the accreditation council for pharmacy education as a provider of continuing pharmacy education. acpe universal activity number 221-999--029-h01-p has been assigned to this home-study knowledge-based program initial release date . this program is approved for .contact hour .ceu in states that recognize acpe providers. the program is provided at no cost to participants. statements of credit will be issued online at upon successful completion of the program evaluation. participants must attend the entire program, complete a program evaluation, and complete a post-test with a score of or higher to receive pharmacy ce credit. no partial credit will be given. supported through an educational grant from takeda pharmaceuticals north america, inc. minimum hardware software requirements: pentium iii, 600 mhz or equivalent processor 512 mb of ram windows xp, vista, or . or, mac os x 800x600 monitor resolution -bit color bit sound card with speakers high-speed internet connection internet explorer .x or higher, firefox .x or higher, safari .x or higher, or any other w3c standards compliant browser adobe flash player and or an html5 capable browser may be required for video or audio playback adobe acrobat reader please turn off all pop-up blockers to assure access to the educational activity. click on the "start program" icon at the bottom of this page. if you are not already registered as a user of this website, this will bring you to the login registration page where you will be able to register as a new cmecorner.com member or check existing registration information. when ready, click on the "continue to program" icon at the bottom of the screen. the activity will take approximately 630 minutes to complete. after the activity has finished, click on the "post-test" button. instructions for completing and submitting the post-test and evaluation are provided on the post-test screen. , namcp and medical communications media, inc. . this activity is designed to provide the healthcare professional with information to assist in his her practice and professional development and is not to be considered a diagnostic tool to replace professional advice or treatment. none of the contents may be reproduced in any form without prior written permission from namcp and the publisher. the opinions expressed in this presentation are those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect the opinions or recommendations of the affiliated institutions, the publisher, namcp, or takeda pharmaceuticals north america. any medications or other diagnostic or treatment procedures discussed by the program speakers should not be utilized by clinicians without evaluation of their patients conditions and possible contraindications or risks or without a review of any applicable manufacturer s product information and comparison with the recommendations of other authorities.
__label__non_math	0.9873	the recent gains in commodities reflect a boom in economic growth that has consumers from chongqing to chicago demanding more gold, grains and gasoline. the global emergence from the great recession is an obvious reason for the recent strength, and it lays the groundwork for to be an exceptional year for commodities. yet, beyond an immediate uptick in demand are deep structural changes in the market, providing plenty of room for the bulls to run. "the rally may not be for just a year. i think there are several years ahead, given the convergence of underinvestment in capacity, the rise of developing world demand and fears of inflation," says dan basse, president of agricultural research firm agresource co. east and west scanning the landscape of demand, it is no surprise to see china as a major factor across the commodities complex. the nation is the world's largest consumer of copper, iron ore, natural rubber and zinc. in energy, as recently as the mid-1990s, china was an exporter of oil; today it is the world's second-largest importer thanks to demand doubling to million barrels per day in just years. it is not just china's factories that are gobbling up commodities, the country's people are, too. as china continues to embrace the benefits of world trade, there is burgeoning demand for agricultural products, so much so that u.s. secretary of agriculture tom vilsack in february predicted china may supplant canada this year as the primary importer of american commodities. the reason is simple: the growing chinese middle class eats as any other middle class does, with more beef and pork on their plates. with one-fifth of the world's population, but only percent of its arable land, china is destined to be a buying force in world grains too. for the first time in recent memory, china imported corn and likely needs to boost buying to rebuild its strategic grain reserves. while china dominates the conversation, sustained demand growth is coming from many other nations too. indonesia, for instance, dropped out of opec in , as domestic needs in the world's fourth-most populous nation transformed it from oil exporter to importer. its demand for steel and related commodities is surging as well, supporting the infrastructure expansion its annual -percent gdp growth generates. elsewhere, brazil - once a notable corn exporter - now consumes all of its corn supply to feed a burgeoning beef industry, basse notes. "the bric countries are jumping up their beef demand rather quickly and, of course, if you are consuming beef or pork or poultry, you are consuming bushels of grain turned into that," he says. while slower-growing, the united states remains the prime mover of the commodities markets. adding to the natural demand from the improving american economy is the growing ethanol mandate. in the latest crop-year, the biofuel commanded a record percent of corn crops. with the u.s. environmental protection agency epa set to expand the maximum ethanol-gasoline blend from percent to percent for many vehicles, crop demands will expand even further. even europe is legislating greater use of ethanol to reach aggressive fleet emissions reduction targets. the european union, once able to meet its own ethanol demands, is now slated to be a regular importer from brazil. the recovering economy also means more pressure on metals, with the auto industry serving as a prime example. with u.s. auto sales estimated to be as much as million cars below annual replacement requirements, the pent-up demand means quickening need for many metals. for instance, the average car uses 100 pounds of copper, plus palladium, platinum and or gold for catalytic converters, as well as increasing amounts of aluminum - trimming weight to meet efficiency standards. here too, china is an emergent force, having recently supplanted the united states as general motors' main market. "the reason why we are here is not just a china demand story, it is more a production problem," explains rich nelson, director of research at allendale inc., a commodity research advisory firm. bad weather is the main culprit in recent grains tightness. in particular, awful conditions slashed wheat crops around the black sea, with russia's production down percent in , ukraine's down percent and kazakhstan's plummeting percent, nelson notes. other producers faced their own troubles, as crops in the united states and argentina delivered less than estimated last year. this year, corn plantings are expected to rise, but experts expect inventories to remain tight in corn. soybeans are not looking any better, as analysts at minnesota's country hedging predict u.s. soybean stocks to fall to -year lows. "we are on a collision course where world grain stocks are nearing historically low levels and we need the world's farmers to plant million extra acres in this year ahead," agresource's basse says. in most cases, planting more of one crop means transitioning out of another. however, with record prices in other crops - cotton, for example - such a shift could result in further price pressures elsewhere. both basse and allendale's nelson add that unless the weather cooperates to create nearly ideal conditions for farmers over the next plantings, the supply troubles may extend beyond . unlike prior commodity price spikes in and the late 1970s, energy cartel supply restraints are not leading the way this time around. this fact has many people believing the gains in commodities may be far more sustainable than the short-lived bubble of , when oil hit a barrel and corn touched record highs. while oil showed tepid price growth in and inventories started at comfortably high levels, the lack of new oil field discoveries has set the stage for a severe energy crunch, one that will require the discovery of the equivalent of four new saudi arabias by , according to the energy information agency. it appears economic recovery will again pressure energy prices, moving producers and consumers further toward alternatives such as biofuels - which will stand to reinvigorate the commodity bulls once more. "we could end up in some real dire trouble," basse says of the real possibility of extending the current commodity crunch. "it's a year i haven't seen in my years in this business." jim rogers: the investment biker' rides high on commodities decades worth of capacity neglect in commodities means the bull market has only started, says famed commodities investor jim rogers, author of investment biker: around the world with jim rogers. "there was very little investment in productive capacity for years," he says. "look at asia and look at the world; we're using more and more of everything. declining supply and increased demand means higher prices. it has been going on for thousands of years and there is nothing new about it." the bear market of the late 1990s is part of the reason for the historical lack of new capacity, a situation compounded by the financial crisis of , which stifled new investment just as producers were inclined to gear up, rogers explains. while lack of new supply is most obvious in metals and energy, market participants are making a mistake if they believe agricultural commodities are immune to underinvestment. "orange trees, coffee trees, cocoa trees take years to grow," rogers says. "even if you wanted to plant more wheat next year, the land has to come from somewhere and you're probably taking something else out of production - and then you worry about weather." while rogers garnered more popular notice as the self-styled "investment biker" and "adventure capitalist" traveling the world, he made his fortune with shrewd timing of the commodities markets. "commodities still have several years to go in a bull market," rogers says. "don't sell your commodities yet."
__label__non_math	0.9982	treasure island redevelopment master plan the treasure island redevelopment master plan transforms this former military base at the center of san francisco bay into a vibrant neighborhood that serves as a model for 21st century development. the concept embraces the natural forces and beauty of the bay and combines a natural park with compelling urban design. the resultant design creates 250 acres of open space and parks, which include civic parks and plazas, sports and recreation parks, a waterfront promenade, ferry plaza and harbor waterfront esplanade, wetlands, and a tidal marsh. asla professional awards, northern california chapter, merit awards
__label__non_math	0.9794	organization: american medical association stuart caplan, rn, mas madeline ulrich, md, ms centers for medicare and medicaid services coverage and analysis group security boulevard baltimore, md re: national coverage analysis for screening for depression in adults; cag-00425n dear mr. caplan and dr. ulrich: on behalf of the american medical association ama , we appreciate this opportunity to provide comments on the national coverage analysis nca on screening for depression in adults cag-00425n . depression is a widespread, debilitating, and undertreated medical illness, and physicians, particularly those in primary care settings, should be reimbursed for performing depression screenings. as such, given the strong evidence supporting recommendations in clinical practice guidelines and by the u.s. preventive services task force uspstf , the ama supports the views expressed by the american psychiatric association apa regarding the screening of adult patients for depression at least once a year. the identification and detection of depression clearly represents a significant opportunity for improvement and is vital as the gateway to initiation and engagement in treatment. one key point to add is that the uspstf highlights that the benefits to screening are only with coordinated treatment and follow-up by appropriately qualified clinicians. therefore, the ama encourages cms to recognize that timely treatment and payment for counseling services are critical for good health outcomes when treating individuals diagnosed with depression. the above-mentioned concern has gained significant attention with the institute of medicine iom report2, retooling for an aging america, which highlighted that despite the effectiveness of models that provide depression treatment in primary care settings financial and organizational barriers have made the interventions difficult to sustain in clinical practice p. 104 . attention to these barriers would ensure that primary care physicians are not challenged with payments that do not cover their costs of providing the services. finally, addressing payment adequacy in combination with better coverage could help promote improved access for medicare beneficiaries. the ama house of delegates has established policy to commit the ama to increase patient access to quality care for depression, and that all physicians providing clinical care should acquire the appropriate knowledge and skills to recognize, diagnose and treat depression, both when it occurs by itself and when it occurs with another general medical conditions. in light of that commitment, the ama-convened physician consortium for performance improvement has developed a set of clinical performance measures aimed to improve the quality of care for patients with major depressive disorder. the set is currently undergoing a formal review and update, with proposed measures focusing on the full spectrum of depression care, including screening, diagnostic evaluation, appropriate treatment, and coordination of care. coordinating mental health care with psychotherapy depression care management is also challenging as a treatment option due to shortages of psychiatrists and other mental health professionals3. ultimately, these shortages delay timely access to care. for example, a study highlighted that only percent of privately insured and percent of medicaid medicare patients referred to psychiatrists and other mental health professionals obtained an appointment after being diagnosed.also, the iom has stated that behavioral health carve outs reinforce the disincentives to treat depression in the primary care setting p. 104 . in conclusion, the ama supports medicare coverage of depression screening to assist with evaluating, diagnosing, and treating depression. the ama applauds cms request to submit comments, and we offer our assistance to improve the quality and delivery of care in our health care system. michael d. maves, md, mba nutting, gallagher, riley, white, dickinson, korsen, dietrich. care management for depression in primary care practice: findings from the respect- depression trial". annals of family medicine. . institute of medicine. retooling for an aging america: building the health care workforce. washinton, dc: the national academies press. page last updated: accessed rhodes, vieth, kushner, levy, asplin. referral without access: for psychiatric services, wait for the beep annals of emergency medicine, volume , issue , august , pages 272-278 title: medical director and c.e.o. organization: american psychiatric association centers for medicare and medicaid services attention: stuart caplan and madeline ulrich, m.d. security boulevard baltimore, md dear mr. caplan and dr. ulrich: the american psychiatric association apa , the national medical specialty society representing more than ,000 psychiatric physicians, appreciates the opportunity to submit comments to cms about cms s national coverage analysis on depression screenings. based on available evidence and recommendations from the u.s. preventive services task force uspstf , as well as recommendations from current clinical practice guidelines, the apa supports screening of adult patients for depression at least once per year, linked with a follow-up diagnostic evaluation and treatment by a clinician, when indicated for individuals who screen positive. screening may be performed by any office staff and or patients as self-screeners. interpretation and follow-up, however, should be performed by qualified clinicians who are acting within the scope of practice permitted by their states licensure law. depression is a widespread, debilitating, and undertreated medical illness. unipolar major depression conveys an enormous disease burden.the twelve month prevalence of major depressive disorder in the united states has been estimated at .percent.as much as one- third of americans illness-related work leave can be attributed to mental rather than physical disorders, yet only .percent of all united states health care spending is directed towards the treatment of it is of critical importance that physicians, especially in primary care settings, be reimbursed to perform depression screenings. for many americans, annual examinations by a primary care physician serve as their only entry to the health care system. about one-quarter to onehalf of patients with depression already receive treatment in primary care settings.because of continuing stigma associated with mental illness, limited availability of mental health specialists in rural areas, or disparities in health care coverage, many patients are likely to seek mental health treatment from a primary care physician rather than a mental health specialist, and the need for detection of depressive symptoms in primary care settings is expected to increase.most depressed patients will present to their primary care physician can thus be a vital tool in detecting unreported symptoms of depression. a number of validated screening tools are available to assist primary care physicians in identifying the symptoms of depression in their patients. the nine-item patient health questionnaire phq- , for example, is a routinely used tool for screening, assessment, and monitoring that parallels the dsm-iv symptom criteria for depressive disorders. the phq- is a two-item version specifically recommended for screening in the department of veterans affairs department of defense s va dod s clinical practice guideline for management of major depressive disorder. advantages of the phq-include the test s brevity, ease of administration and interpretation, and sensitivity to change over time. the uspstf recommends screening adults for depression where staff-assisted depression care supports are in place to assure accurate diagnosis, effective treatment, and follow-up as a grade b recommendation, i.e., with a high level of certainty of benefit.this recommendation is supported by well-designed and well-conducted studies of the collaborative care model of depression management. under this model, primary care physicians collaborate with mental health professionals to provide screening and follow-up including complete assessment and treatment as needed. when staff-assisted depression care supports are not in place, the uspstf recommends against routinely screening adults for depression, with a grade c.this recommendation is easy to misunderstand. as defined by the uspstf, grade c recommendations mean that there may be considerations that support providing the service in an individual patient. the apa suggests that for depression, such considerations should include patient populations prevalent in adult and elderly populations, including cardiovascular disease, stroke, diabetes, parkinson s disease, obesity, sleep apnea, hiv infection, and pain syndromes.these comorbidities are common among patients covered by medicaid and medicare. because of the interrelationship between depression and general medical illness, apa has emphasized the importance of recognizing and treating depression in medically ill patients and vice versa. although cms is not required by statute to consider uspstf grade c recommendations, apa suggests that because medically ill patients are frequently managed in primary care settings, this recommendation when properly understood gives additional backing to the importance of cms reimbursement for depression screenings in such settings, even when staff-assisted depression care supports are not in place. the va dod guideline recommends that all adult patients seen in primary care settings be screened for major depressive disorder annually using the phq-214 the va dod guideline describes such screening as an important mechanism for reducing morbidity and mortality. the va dod recommendation does not make screening contingent on the availability of staff supports, but does recommend follow-up of patients who screen positive. this recommendation is both clinically sensible and consistent with the same evidence reviewed by the uspstf. the canadian task force on preventive health care also recommends screening adults for depression in primary care settings since screening improves health outcomes when linked to effective follow-up and treatment. the task force notes that in the evidence base effective follow-up and treatment refers to integrated screening and feedback treatment systems which are not the norm in canadian primary care practice and encourages clinicians to advocate for these. the apa strongly recommends that treatment guidance not be given in this document addressing screening in primary care. the apa recently released an updated practice guideline for the treatment of major depressive disorder that addresses multiple treatment modalities in multiple age groups, including their benefits further guidance for depression treatment in primary care is given in the va dod clinical practice guidelines on management of major depressive disorder18 and the macarthur initiative on depression and primary care.these resources provide complete and relevant information. the unintended consequences of an incomplete presentation of treatment considerations should not be underestimated, particularly with general medical clinicians as the target. in light of the above recommendations, the apa supports cms coverage of annual depression screening of adult patients regardless of whether staff-assisted depression care supports are in place. such coverage may improve recognition and treatment of depression in two ways: first, by encouraging physicians, especially primary care physicians, to implement evidence-based integrated care models for the management of depression, and second, by encouraging them to screen patients with general medical conditions frequently comorbid with depression. when primary care physicians lack resources to follow up positive depression screens with assessment and treatment, the apa suggests that patients should be referred to another physician e.g., a psychiatrist for complete evaluation and, when depression treatment is indicated, to a qualified mental health specialist. the apa greatly appreciates the opportunity to comment on this important health care issue. please do not hesitate to contact julie a. clements, apa s deputy director of regulatory affairs, at 703 -907- if you have further questions about apa s comment. thank you for your consideration of the apa s position. james h. scully, jr ., m.d. medical director and c.e.o., american psychiatric association uspstf. screening for depression in adults, december world health organization : the global burden of disease: update. see national comorbidity survey replication; kessler et al, . kessler rc, heeringa s., lakoma m.d., et al, individual and societal effects of mental disorders on earnings in the united states: results from the national comorbidity survey replication. june . am. j. psychiatry 165 : 708, june . narrow we, duffy ff, outcome measures for the treatment of depression in primary care settings, at p. 319 in tansella m and thornicroft g eds. : mental health outcome measures, 3rd edition, london: gaskell, the va dod clinical practice guideline for management of major depressive disorder, appendix b, p. . narrow we, duffy ff, outcome measures for the treatment of depression in primary care settings, at p. 332 in tansella m and thornicroft g eds. : mental health outcome measures, 3rd edition, london: gaskell, uspstf. screening for depression in adults, december . american psychiatric association. practice guidelines for the treatment of patients with major depressive disorder, third edition, am. j. psychiatry, 167 oct suppl , . the va dod clinical practice guideline for management of major depressive disorder, appendix b, p. . id. at p. . see macmillan hl, patterson cj, wathen cn, et al. cmaj ; 172:-. title: vice president organization: government external affairs louis jacques, md director, coverage and analysis group centers for medicare medicaid services security boulevard baltimore, md re: comments on cms national coverage analysis for screening for depression in adults cag-00425n dear dr. jacques: takeda pharmaceuticals north america, inc. takeda appreciates this opportunity to provide comments to the centers for medicare and medicaid services cms concerning its national coverage review on depression screening in adults.1takeda focuses on a variety of therapeutic areas including diabetes, cardiovascular disease, central nervous system disorders, gastroenterology, bone and joint disorders, chronic kidney disease, gynecological disorders, and infectious disease. we also have a promising pipeline of products in multiple therapeutic areas that include compounds in development for psychiatric conditions such as depression. in partnership with lundbeck, takeda is developing therapies for the treatment of depression. this includes clinical phase iii studies which are ongoing for lu aa21004 in patients with major depressive disorder mdd . takeda strongly supports medicare coverage of depression screening services falling within the recommendation of the united states preventive services task force uspstf , and we commend cms for opening a national coverage review on this important topic. cms now has the authority to cover additional preventive services if it determines through the national coverage determination process that the service is recommended with a grade of a or b by the uspstf, is reasonable and necessary for prevention or early detection of an illness, and is appropriate for medicare beneficiaries.depression screening satisfies those requirements and cms can improve the health and quality of life for many medicare beneficiaries by covering this essential service. we also encourage cms to issue a national coverage determination that fleshes out some of the questions not answered in the uspstf recommendation so that healthcare providers have certainty about the scope of services covered by medicare and will not hesitate to provide depression screening services to their appropriate patients. depression is recognized as a major source of potentially treatable morbidity in older adults; therefore, efforts should be made to ensure that the elderly have access to appropriate treatment and to remove economic barriers to treatment.a recent report on medicare s new preventive benefits noted that the presence of copayments reduces the likelihood that preventive services will be used and may discourage individuals from seeking care that could improve health outcomes. the report further notes that cost-sharing restricts utilization more for lower income beneficiaries than for those with more resources.fortunately, the patient protection and affordable care act aca waived cost-sharing for medicare-covered preventive services with a uspstf grade of a or b for any indication or population.assuming that cms issues a positive coverage determination for depression screening in adults, cms should specifically point out in its decision memo that no cost-sharing applies to this benefit, in order to start getting this information out to practitioners and beneficiaries and to encourage appropriate screening efforts. the burden of depression and potential benefits of screening depression takes a large toll on americans, including medicare beneficiaries. among older adults, both the incidence and prevalence of depression increase with age.depression affects more than .million of the million americans aged years or older. major depressive disorder mdd is undiagnosed in approximately half of all elderly persons with this disorder. contributing to this fact is that elderly patients are more likely than their younger counterparts to see their primary care physician rather than a psychiatrist. major depressive disorder is not uncommon, occurring in approximately of all community-dwelling elderly. in primary care clinics, the prevalence increases to approximately - , while among the patients admitted to acute care hospitals, the prevalence is approximately - . however, the rates of depressive symptoms in general are much higher, with studies showing prevalence rates between and . as reported by the uspstf, depressive disorders are common, chronic and costly and are more prevalent in certain populations, such as individuals with chronic conditions. in fact, because depressive disorders typically assume a chronic course, they are predicted to rank second only to heart disease by in terms of the global burden of disease.yet, though depression is often linked with the existence of a chronic illness, identification of depression is generally low in the primary care setting, for a number of reasons. patients visiting their primary care physician may be more likely to discuss the physical symptoms associated with their illness than their mental health issues; or physicians treating individuals with chronic medical conditions may be less likely to recognize symptoms of depression e.g., fatigue, poor concentration, changes in appetite as such or to treat these symptoms separately from the medical condition.depression is also under-recognized in nursing homes, and studies support the use of structured depression scales to increase awareness of depression in that setting.further, the uspstf specifically cited the increased prevalence of depression in women,and there is evidence indicating that the burden of depression may be substantially higher for older women than men, leading to significant clinical problems, such as depression-associated disability and other adverse outcomes associated with chronic disease, including costly adverse outcomes such as rehospitalizations. according to the national institute of mental health, primary care physicians are increasingly taking on greater responsibility for diagnosis and treatment in all areas of health care, including the care of older patients with mental disorders, and consequently older people may benefit substantially from increased sensitivity to identification of depression on the part of their primary care physicians. according to a consensus statement update on the diagnosis and treatment of late life depression: depression remains a central concern to older people, their families, and the clinicians who take care of them. even when it appears to be an understandable response to illness, the onset of depression should be viewed as a sentinel event that increases the risk for subsequent declines in health status and functional ability. early recognition, diagnosis, and initiation of treatment of depression in older persons present opportunities for improvements in quality of life, the prevention of suffering or premature death, and the maintenance of optimal levels of function and independence for older people. the costs of failing to identify or adequately treat depression are high, and potentially devastating. for example, although many assume that the highest rates of suicide are among the young, white males age and older actually have the highest suicide rate and depression screening offers substantial benefits, because depression is highly treatable.the majority of older adults with depression improve when they receive treatment with an antidepressant, psychotherapy, or a combination of both. research has shown that medication alone and combination treatment are both effective in reducing the rate of depressive recurrences in older adults.moreover, there is a strong correlation between depression and treatment noncompliance; according to a recent analysis, depressed patients are three times more likely to be noncompliant with medical treatment recommendations than non-depressed patients. adults with lower incomes can also experience benefits from collaborative management of depression in primary care, similar to the benefits experienced by higher-income older adults. but while depression is treatable in older people, more effort should be made to identify depression in order to ensure that patients, particularly medicare beneficiaries, may receive appropriate treatments. against this backdrop a disease with a high cost in human suffering and diminished capabilities, but one that can be identified and treated effectively recognizing depression screening as a medicare-covered benefit is an important step that can significantly advance cms goal of improving the health and quality of life for program beneficiaries. operationalizing the uspstf recommendation for staff-assisted depression care supports the uspstf recommends depression screening when staff assisted depression care supports are in place to assure accurate diagnosis, effective treatment and follow-up, described as clinical staff that support the primary care clinician by providing some direct care, such as coordination, case management or mental health treatment.the basic idea here is that depression screening will only improve outcomes if people identified as depressed are then treated or referred for treatment. the uspstf recommendation does not flesh out the standards for determining whether staff-assisted depression care supports are in place; however, it is important that cms flesh out this standard for purposes of medicare coverage. medicare providers must be able to understand the basic requirements for coverage of depression screening, or they may hesitate to provide and bill medicare for these essential screening services. in this regard, we note that the uspstf cited one study that it characterized as demonstrating the lowest effective level of staff-assisted depression care supports. more specifically, the study involved a screening nurse who for intervention group patients : advised the resident physicians of positive screening results before the physician s visit with the patient; provided the physician with a standardized protocol that basically asked the physician to explore the depression symptoms with the patient, attempt to rule out physical conditions or other reasons for the screening results and if the depression diagnosis seemed appropriate educate the patient about depression and treatment alternatives, encourage behavioral therapy through an appointment to the local public mental health agency, prescribe antidepressants when appropriate and acceptable to the patient, and schedule another appointment within four weeks; and attempted to schedule an appointment for the patient with the local public mental health agency, if the patient gave permission for this. we recommend that cms reference the level of support described in this study as sufficient both in terms of effort and personnel to demonstrate the support necessary to promote adequate treatment and follow-up and thus to support medicare coverage of screening services. unless cms national coverage determination provides this level of specificity, we are concerned that providers may be uncertain about the circumstances in which depression screening services are medicare-covered and thus may be less likely to furnish these services to their medicare patients. this could be a particular problem for medicare beneficiaries who otherwise would not receive depression screening services, such as patients in rural areas where administration of intensive, staff assisted services may be challenging, especially if the primary care provider must rely on staff to make referrals for mental health treatment. we are hopeful that medicare would not institute a standard for services that could further exacerbate rural disparities. frequency of screening the uspstf stated that an optimum interval for screening for depression is unknown. hence, further studies will be needed before definitive conclusions can be reached about the most appropriate interval for depression screening or rescreening. however, the uspstf also stated that recurrent screening may be the most productive in patients with a history of depression, unexplained somatic symptoms, comorbid psychological conditions for example, panic disorder or generalized anxiety , substance abuse or chronic pain. cms itself included depression screening in the first annual wellness visit available to medicare beneficiaries, but did not make depression screening a required element of subsequent annual wellness visits ; noting the importance of depression screening in older adults, however, cms said that depression screening may be performed at subsequent annual visits if indicated. studies show that many older adults who die by suicide up to percent visited a physician within a month before death.these findings point to the urgency of improving detection and treatment of depression to reduce suicide risk among older adults. the risk of depression in the elderly increases with other illnesses and when ability to function becomes limited. for example, depression is associated with an increased risk of dementia and alzheimer s disease in older men and women.depressive disorder is not a normal part of aging. depression can and should be treated when it occurs at the same time as other medical illnesses. untreated depression can delay recovery or worsen the outcome of these other illnesses. a review of the literature suggests that periodic screening at regular intervals, at least for people with risk factors, is widely recommended. for example, the uspstf noted that people who are at greater risk for depression are considered at risk throughout their lifetime. risk factors include family history of depression, female gender, and the presence of other psychiatric disorders or chronic disease.for example, a analysis concluded that depressive disorders are associated with increased prevalence of chronic diseases, which appears attributable to depressive disorders precipitating chronic disease and to chronic disease exacerbating symptoms of depression. depression screening can be performed quickly, conveniently, and at low cost.moreover, depression screening appears low-risk; the uspstf did not find evidence that addressed risks or harms associated with depression screening in adults and elderly patients in primary care.given all these circumstances, it would be prudent for medicare to cover depression screening at least annually - - or more frequently if other circumstances such as the presence of one or more of the risk factors noted above suggest that more frequent screening is appropriate, though we recognize that providing more frequent screening could present challenges to the provider. finally, cms should also make a concerted effort to encourage further study in this area, particularly as it relates to depression in the elderly, and should periodically update its coverage policy as appropriate to reflect new findings. qualifications and training of individuals performing depression screening services the uspstf materials do not provide specific recommendations regarding the qualifications of individuals who may perform depression screening, but support screening in primary care settings. in the studies cited by the uspstf, the screening typically involved the application of a self-administered assessment tool or questionnaire, with scores being reported to a clinician. in some studies, research assistants or office staff administered the questionnaire. screening and associated support services, such as case management or referrals, should be performed by qualified individuals with at least a minimum level of training; however, cms should not limit this service to a small number of care providers, such as physicians and nurses only. this is an important consideration given the challenges facing the limited number of healthcare providers in rural and otherwise underserved areas. takeda believes that it is more important for cms to encourage the identification of widely-recognized standards for training in depression screening and follow-up, and to ensure that practitioners who perform depression screening to become appropriately credentialed through educational methods such as periodic training. with respect to follow-up regarding the depression screening results, cms should recommend training for nurses rns, lpns who are screening for depression. primary care practitioners, and others who would be treating the depression, should have access to regular mental health training as well. additionally, we are aware of practice guidelines and other resources, such as the macarthur foundation s online toolkit, that can serve as resources to primary care clinicians who treat patients who screen positively for depression. under current cms guidance, it appears that cms can only cover depression screening for medicare beneficiaries furnished by qualified physicians or other medicare-recognized practitioners.therefore, we recommend that the following types of practitioners, at a minimum, would fall within the benefit categories relevant to depression screening and should be able to provide medicare-covered screening services including follow-up for referral, in cases where screening results are positive : physicians, physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, qualified psychologists, clinical social workers, and nurses who furnish services incident to a physician s professional service. depressive disorders are prevalent in individuals with certain risk factors, and in elderly patients the incidence of depression appears to grow with age. depression is highly manageable when it is identified, and depression screening is relatively easy to perform in the primary care setting. for the reasons discussed above, takeda supports medicare coverage of this valuable service and, as noted earlier, we encourage cms to issue a national coverage determination for depression screening that fleshes out some of the issues that were not answered by the uspstf s recommendation. in particular, we encourage cms to cover depression screening on an annual basis and more frequently, when indicated , and to operationalize uspstf s recommendation for depression screening when staff-assisted depression care supports are in place to assure accurate diagnosis, effective treatment, and follow-up in a way that will provide screening and referral services that are effective but practical for a wide range of primary care practitioners. once again, we appreciate the opportunity to comment on this important coverage review, and we hope these comments will be useful to cms as it prepares its draft decision memo. please do not hesitate to contact deborah walter, assistant director federal policy, at 202-649- if you have any questions regarding these comments or if we can provide additional information. glenn a. weiglein government external affairs lambros c. chrones, md medical director, neuroscience medical scientific affairs cms national coverage analysis nca tracking sheet for screening for depression in adults cag-00425n . social security act ssa ddd ; c.f.r. 410.. 3crystal s.; sambamoorthi u.; walkup j.t.; akncgil a., diagnosis and treatment of depression in the elderly medicare population: predictors, disparities, and trends, journal of the american geriatrics society ; :. new medicare preventive benefits begin, . see also medicare payment advisory commission, report to the congress: aligning incentives in medicare, june stating that if not supplemented with additional coverage, the ffs fee-for-service benefit design makes medicare beneficiaries face substantial financial risk and may discourage the use of valuable care. one exception is certain preventive services where medicare has begun offering greater coverage and reduced cost-sharing. yet, though depression is often linked with the existence of a chronic illness, identification of depression is generally low in the primary care aca , patient protection and affordable care act of aca , pub. l. 111-148. palsson sp, et al. the incidence of first-onset depression in a population followed from the age of to . psychological medicine, : . reji attupurath, reeja c. menon, sreenath v. nair, sunanda muralee, rajesh r. tampi, late-life depression; annals of long term care ; suppl screening for depression in adults: summary of the evidence, united states preventive services task force. daniel p. chapman, phd, geraldine s. perry, drph, tara w. strine, mph, the vital link between chronic disease and depressive disorders, prev chronic dis, january. see also murray cjl, lopez ad. the global burden of disease: a comprehensive assessment of mortality and disability from diseases, injuries, and risk factors in and projected to . cambridge, mass: harvard university press; . management of depression, intermountain healthcare, december update. simon, gregory e., treating depression in patients with chronic disease, op-ed, west j med ; 175:292-293. snowdon j, lane f use of the geriatric depression scale by nurses. aging and mental health :227 233. see also teresi ja, et al. prevalence of depression and depression recognition in nursing homes. soc psychiatry psychiatr epidemiol : 613 620. screening for depression: recommendations and rationale, united states preventive services task force. barry, lisa c., et al., higher burden of depression among older women: the effect of onset, persistence and mortality over time; arch gen psychiatry, february; :172-178. lebowitz, barry d., et al., diagnosis and treatment of depression in late life, consensus statement update, national institutes of mental health, jama, vol. 278, no. , . id. emphasis added . conwell y., suicide in later life: a review and recommendations for prevention. suicide and life threatening behavior, ; suppl. : -. the basic idea here is that depression screening will only improve outcomes if people identified as depressed are then treated or referred for treatment. the uspstf recommendation does not flesh out the standards for determining whether staff-assisted depression care supports are in place; however, it is important that cms flesh out this standard for purposes of medicare coverage. reynolds cf iii, frank e, perel jm, imber sd, cornes c, miller md, mazumdar s, houck pr, dew ma, stack ja, pollock bg, kupfer dj. nortriptyline and interpersonal psychotherapy as maintenance therapies for recurrent major depression: a randomized controlled trial in patients older than years. journal of the american medical association, ; 281 : -. m. robin dimatteo, ph.d., heidi s. lepper, ph.d., thomas w. croghan, m.d., depression is a risk factor for noncompliance with medical treatment: meta-analysis of the effects of anxiety and depression on patient adherence, arch intern med, vol. 160:, . arean, pa, gum am, tang l, unutzer j., service use and outcomes among elderly persons with low incomes being treated for depression, psychiatric services, :, august . crystal s., sambamoorthi u., walkup jt, akncgil a., diagnosis and treatment of depression in the elderly medicare population: predictors, disparities and trends, journal of the american geriatrics society, ; : . screening for depression in adults: recommendation statement, united states preventive services task force, december . uspstf recommendation statement, screening for depression in adults, december , citing jarjoura d, polen a, et al., effectiveness of screening and treatment for depression in ambulatory indigent patients. j gen intern med ; -. cms itself included depression screening in the first annual wellness visit available to medicare beneficiaries, but did not make depression screening a required element of for more information on this study, see jarjoura et al., supra. screening for depression in adults: recommendation statement, united states preventive services task force, december . medicare program; payment policies under the physician fee schedule and other revisions to part b for cy , final rule, fed. reg. , . conwell y. suicide in later life: a review and recommendations for prevention. suicide and life threatening behavior, ; suppl : -. saczynski js, et al. depressive symptoms and risk of dementia. neurology : -. screening for depression in adults: recommendation statement, united states preventive services task force, december . screening for depression: recommendations and rationale, united states preventive services task force. chapman et al., supra, the vital link between chronic disease and depressive disorders. the uspstf recommendations and rationale states that most depression screening instruments have relatively good sensitivity though only fair specificity , are fairly easy to use and can be administered in a few minutes, adding that s horter screening tests, including simply asking questions about depressed mood and anhedonia, appear to detect a majority of depressed patients. the patient health questionnaire phq- , for example, is a screening tool that asks about nine symptoms of depression, and is easy for patients to complete and for clinicians to score. o connor e., et al., screening for depression in adult patients in primary care settings: a systematic evidence review, united states preventive services task force, december . screening for depression in adults: u.s. preventive services task force recommendation statement. items and services must fall into a medicare-covered benefit category, for example, physician services, and be provided by providers practitioners who can bill medicare independently or whose services can be billed incident to physician services.
__label__non_math	1.0000	no show times available. tune in to this week's top countdown as host evan farmer sits down with country newcomer josh thompson. see his brand new video, "blame it on... read more watch the countdown top countdown from the week enjoy all your favorite videos from this week's show.
__label__non_math	1.0000	i don't think the company has reached its full value, says dan rosenweig, chegg ceo, commenting on how the social media company has fared since going public. read more the principal at ipswitch middle school cancelled honors night. is america breeding a nation of underachievers? dan greenhaus, btig and gary shapiro, consumer electronics association ceo, share their opinions. "someone should be on a pedestal somewhere," says greenhaus. james faucette, pacific crest securities analyst, explains why he maintains an "underperform" rating on the stock, despite a big upgrade from morgan stanley. the big box story got an upgrade to "outperform", with peter keith, piper jaffray analyst. competition is growing for wearable digital devices, reveals dennis berman, the wall street journal. roxanne meyer, ubs analyst, explains how a recall at lululemon has lowered the company's first quarter revenue forecast. mark mckechnie, evercore partners analyst; and stuart jeffrey, nomura analyst, debate which mobile company is poised to take the lead in the race for smartphone users. will apple's new ad campaign prove effective in the smartphone wars? israel ganot, gazelle co-founder and ceo, weighs in. bad news for boeing, reports cnbc's phil lebeau, rival airbus has struck a record deal with indonesia's lion air. the e-retailer is getting a cut in their unique business model, says dan niles, alpha one capital partners. liz dunn, macquarie capital analyst, weighs in on jc penney's transformation plan and explains why she has a "neutral' rating on the stock and lowered her price target to per share. steven levy, wired senior writer; and lance ulanoff, mashable editor-in-chief, showcase features on samsung's newest mobile device and discuss growing competition in smartphone business. alex gauna, jmp securities analyst takes a closer look at what samsung's newest smartphone means for the competition. charles golvin, forrester research analyst, discusses whether samsung will finally grab a bigger share of the smartphone market away from apple with the launch of its galaxy s4. brian cooley, cnet.com editor-at-large, provides a preview of what new features samsung is likely to unveil tonight, as the smartphone race heats up. a look at how to play apple ahead of samsung's launch of its new galaxy s4 tomorrow, with tavis mccourt, raymond james analyst. will blackberry dethrone apple as the world's leading smartphone maker or will samsung capture the title? bridget carey, cnet senior editor, weighs in on the increasing competition in this tech space. competition for smartphone users is heating up. will the bb10 prove a viable competitor to apple and samsung? dennis berman, wall street journal; and roger cheng, cnet, discuss. cnbc's jon fortt reports blackberry is taking pre-orders on its new smartphone. and, peter misek, jefferies analyst, weighs in on whether the device will impact the company long-term. cnbc's jon fortt reports paypal is offering a new mobile app that it hopes will fend off some scrappy competitors.
__label__non_math	0.6754	spain kicks off tough with strong bond sale spain's treasury sold .billion euros in bonds on thursday, well above its target range of billion to billion euros, and borrowing costs came down at its first debt auction of the year. the longest-dated bond, due , with a .percent coupon, sold 470 million euros and was .times subscribed, compared to .times when it was last sold a year and a half ago. the bond sold at an average yield of .555 percent, compared with .191 percent in july . spain also sold .397 billion euros of a new bond maturing , with a .percent coupon. the bond had a bid-to-cover ratio of .and a yield of .476 percent. it sold .950 billion euros of a bond with a .percent coupon at an average yield of .988 percent compared to a previous .680 percent when it was last sold on the primary market on november . demand was higher than the previous auction, with the bond .times subscribed compared to .times in november.
__label__non_math	0.9627	euro zone july inflation hits record of . euro zone inflation jumped to another record high of .percent year-on-year in july as forecast, data showed on thursday, but a bleak economic outlook may discourage interest rate increases this year. price growth in the -nation euro area accelerated from july's .percent, moving further from the european central bank's target of just below percent, european union statistics office eurostat said in its "flash" estimate for july. it was the highest inflation figure for the currency area since measurements started in . analysts polled by reuters had expected june inflation to rise to .percent, boosted by soaring energy and food prices. separately, unemployment in the euro zone unexpectedly edged up, in another sign of a slowing economy. eurostat revised up the jobless rate for may to .percent from a previous reading of .percent, and said the figure held stable in june. economists had expected june unemployment to come at .percent. the economy is burdened by a strong euro, soaring prices of food and energy, tight credit conditions and an increasingly visible slowdown in other major industrialized countries. many economists believe the ecb will refrain from increasing interest rates again this year as slowing growth is seen taming price growth pressures, although the bank's policymakers stress the importance of anchoring inflation expectations. "our first priority is to curb inflation," ecb governing council member nout wellink said in an interview published on thursday before the inflation data was released. guy quaden, also on the bank's council, said in the same interview: "... it is important that the inflation expectations in the medium term remain anchored to our target." the ecb increased its main interest rate by .percentage point to .percent in early july. the ecb wants to limit the impact of growing energy and food costs on prices in the wider economy, trying to prevent what it calls a wage-price spiral. slovenian finance minister andrej bajuk said he expected euro zone inflation to ease towards the end of . "a lot depends on external shocks, on what is happening in other continents," he said late on wednesday. eurostat's inflation estimate contained no monthly data or detailed breakdown but separate country data has shown inflation in germany, the euro zone's biggest economy, holding steady at .percent, the highest level since december, . in spain, a one-time boomer hit by a housing bust, inflation in july climbed to .percent from .percent in june, the highest since records began in january , while belgian july inflation hit a -year high of .percent.
__label__non_math	0.9523	lightning round: peabody energy, aruba networks, stonemor partners and more peabody energy : with both germany and japan moving away from nuclear energy, cramer expects a "super cycle" in coal. btu is a cheap stock, too. aruba networks : the technology sector just isn't working right now, cramer said. in this environment, even the good tech names could go lower, so he would stay away from arun. sina : a few months ago, cramer recommended this chinese technology stock as a trade. he told investors to sell once it hit a share. so the trade is over, cramer said. stonemor partners : this is an inexpensive stock, cramer said. he likes its percent dividend yield, too. vodafone : "this is what i'm talking about," cramer said. "you've got good yield. you've got good growth. you got some safety behind the yield. that's where you start buying vodafone." american capital agency : cramer wants to know how this company can afford to pay an .percent dividend yield before he can recommend it. mcdonald's : this fast food chain operator is one of the great stock in this environment, cramer said. he's a buyer. call cramer: -800-743-cnbc questions for cramer? email questions, comments, suggestions for the mad money website? firstname.lastname
__label__non_math	0.9991	you have to say your in the lucky country. in the last two weeks i've been reading through this site and many other trying to come to terms with whats needed to complete a router table. this week i started looking at purchasing some items, on ebay, with no luck. i also tried purchasing items through outlets here in australia, but the cost of stuff is just nuts. for a linear nut i was priced 200.???? stepper motors, theres another good one, .for nema23 bipolar 100oz motors, each???? i wish i lived in the u.s. atleast i could bid on half the post there most don't ship int and there would be a bloke locally who has built one of these things.i could go around and see one of these in person. i seem to understand things better when i sit and look at stuff :- i am impressed at you guys who can get right into all this and build it from scratch, great skills. well i'm off to try and source some parts again to try and start this project.
__label__math	0.9710	thanks for taking the time by reading this ... i am for the moment machining some panel and they will be joined by a degree... so i am using a v-groove tool for machining the edge of the panel i am looking for a good quality tool who would be able when its time to sharpen .. i just have the blade to change is there a good compagny that exist ? thanks a lot for taking the time i use an amana tools v-groove bit. you can buy them here: i cut a lot of mdf, but these bits last a long time. the blades can be replaced when they are dull. also, the blades are double sided, so you can use the same blade twice. these have saved me a ton of cash. hope that helps
__label__non_math	0.9987	brain matures a few years late in adhd but follows normal pattern a press release from the national institute of mental health discusses brain development in adhd youths. in some cases, brain development is delayed as much as three years. the full release and related video are available on the nimh site: brain matures a few years late in adhd, but follows normal pattern. autistic spectrum disorders asd : how to help children with autism learn from dr. lauer and dr. beaulieu's talk quick facts about pervasive developmental disorders pdd autistic spectrum disorders asd - autism is a 'spectrum disorder' meaning that it affects children in different ways and at different times in their development. - typically, delays and learning problems can emerge in several areas of functioning including social functioning, communication skills, motor skills, and overall intellectual potential. - each child has their own learning style that includes specific learning challenges as well as areas of preserved skills and, at times, exceptional abilities. - both autism and asperger's disorder are on the same continuum but are distinct in their expression. what are the challenges students with pdd asd frequently experience? - academic difficulties that can often be misinterpreted as learning disabilities. - problems with executive functioning skills. - difficulty in forming relationships with peers. - emotional difficulties due to learning and social problems such as anxiety, depression, low self-esteem. - fear of new situations and trouble adjusting to changes. - may look like or be misconstrued as attention-deficit-hyperactivity disorder adhd , nonverbal learning disability nld , oppositional-defiant disorder or obsessive compulsive disorder ocd . why choose us to help you? - our evaluations are conducted by neuropsychologists who have been extensively trained in the early detection of autistic spectrum disorders and in the identification of specific patterns of learning strengths and weaknesses that are often associated with this condition. - our evaluations help determine which teaching style is best suited to fit an individuals' specific learning profile; we also offer suggestions regarding compensatory educational approached. - we work as a team with other learning professionals, advocates and health professionals to enhance the child's potential for success in all settings. 'the design of truly individual treatment plans that exploit strengths and compensate for weaknesses begins with a detailed understanding of how learning is different for children with autism than for those without autism and how learning is different among children with autism.' bryna siegel, ph.d., author of helping children with autism learn for more information on current research, interventions and programs, follow us on facebook. coming to see you for an evaluation was so helpful and im so happy that i did this. after struggling for years with adhd but not knowing thats what it was and almost completely ruining our marriage because of it, your diagnosis helped more than you could know. now i know that its not just me the diagnosis has turned our lives around and helped me feel more accomplished at work. thanks again for everything. sandy and bob m.
__label__non_math	1.0000	no matter when you go, paris has that certain 'je ne sais quoi' that makes it special. but time your visit right and you could find yourself taking part in one of the city's signature events. fashion weeks paris is eponymous with style, and fashionistas will be in seventh heaven during the city's haute couture fashion weeks, in january and june july each year. celeb-spotting, cooing over clothes and scrambling for a seat at galliano are par for the course: just make sure your image is up to it. bastille day if freedom and fireworks are your thing, what better time to be in paris than july, or bastille day, when you can celebrate the storming of the hated prison, symbol of repression and aristocratic excess. watch the military parade down the champs elysees, enjoy the eiffel tower fireworks from the champ de mars, and raise a glass to liberte, egalite and fraternite. no guillotines allowed -- and most of the metros are closed, so be prepared to walk home. paris plages it's still true that many of paris' residents leave the city in august, shutting up shop and heading to the beach, but for the past few years the paris plages have brought that holiday feel to the city. sand dunes, swimming pools and petanque are all things you might associate with france's south coast resorts, but all can be found on the riverbank from late july until late august each year. read full article
__label__non_math	0.9485	oprah.com -- i felt like punching benjamin moore in the face. my husband and i had just moved across the country, and after a flurry of big decisions, we were down to the nitty-gritty: what color to paint our new apartment. the previous tenant had gone with blood red, midnight blue, and tan -- a look i referred to as "depressed betsy ross." hoping to achieve something more cheerful, we sat on the floor surrounded by dozens of paint samples -- classic gray or october sky? silken pine or mystic beige? -- when all i really wanted was to be able to just flip a switch in my brain and let my rational self determine the perfect choice. it turns out, though, that for most people there is no such thing as a purely rational self. decision making is intrinsically linked to our emotions, so much so that when a person suffers damage to her orbitofrontal cortex -- a part of the brain just behind the eyes that's strongly involved in processing emotions -- she can lose her decision-making ability entirely. we're talking any decision, like which day to schedule a doctor's appointment or whether to use a blue or black pen. "if it weren't for our emotions," says science writer jonah lehrer, author of "how we decide," "reason wouldn't exist at all." one way our emotions help us decide is by creating a physical response to information we don't even realize we've noticed. when we slam on the brakes at the sight of an unexpected car, for example, it's because our subconscious mind has recognized danger and translated it into a flash of fear; we decide to act without any conscious thought. but our emotions can also lead us astray, as when they encourage us to give a doomed relationship another try or to keep feeding quarters into a slot machine. since every choice represents a battle between your rational conscious and emotional subconscious minds, the key to good decision making is learning how to pick which side should win. the best decision makers let the situation guide them. the more experience you have with a particular type of decision, the safer it is to go with your intuition, since your subconscious has a wealth of reliable information from which to draw. a professional decorator would have a good instinctive sense of which colors work best for a room, for instance, but if you're a novice like me, it's good to think more analytically. which is exactly what my husband and i tried to do: after we attempted to gauge our emotional responses to various shades of beige, we began to systematically evaluate how they looked against the door frame. we got nowhere. according to barry schwartz, phd, a psychologist and professor of social theory at swarthmore college and author of "the paradox of choice," we were confronting another challenge common to the modern-day decision maker: too many choices. anyone who has stood paralyzed in the cereal aisle of the supermarket knows that even if some level of choice is crucial for happiness, too much can feel overwhelming. "we're constantly being told that we can find the best if we try hard enough, and that if we don't, it's our own fault," says schwartz. "it's a recipe for misery." too much choice not only makes a decision harder, he continues, but also makes it more likely that we'll regret our selection. to improve our odds of reaching decisions we feel good about, schwartz suggests figuring out ways to reduce the options to a more manageable number. in the end, my husband and i chose soft chamois -- not because it stood out from all the others but because we ran out of time. the painter was scheduled to come the next day. the irony is that, after all our deliberation, it essentially looks white. a gentle, creamy white -- but white nonetheless. there was a time when i would have regretted this and tortured myself wondering if hot spring stones would have looked better. but these days i'm trying instead to live schwartz's number-one rule of decision making: that good enough is often good enough. a handy guide to weighing your options: . identify your goal as david welch, ph.d., professor of political science at the university of waterloo in ontario and author of "decisions, decisions: the art of effective decision making," explains, "people who aren't self-reflective are going to end up making bad decisions because they don't really know what they want in the first place." before you switch jobs, ask yourself: do i really want a different career? or do i just want a different boss? don't make a decision based on the wrong problem. . eliminate choices by setting standards if you're trying to buy a digital camera, list the features you'll actually use. any camera that has them is therefore good enough for you; ignore anything fancier. speaking of which... . don't worry about finding the "best" how good you feel about your decisions is usually more important than how good they are objectively. . be aware of biases they can lead smart people to make dumb decisions. for example: we hate to lose more than we like to win, which can result in behavior such as holding on to a tanking stock instead of accepting a loss. we remember vivid examples better than facts, which is why plane crashes stick in our heads more than statistics on air safety. and we're susceptible to how information is framed -- a "cash discount" is more appealing than "no credit card surcharge." keeping these biases in mind can help you think clearly. . try not to rush people tend to make poorer choices when they're in a bad mood or under a lot of stress. when facing a complex decision, use your conscious brain to gather the information you need, and then take a break. go for a walk. spend a half hour meditating. take a nap. have a beer. the idea is to give your unconscious mind some time to do its work. the decision you make afterward is more likely to be the right or at least a perfectly acceptable one. . don't sweat the small stuff when possible, eliminate the need for decisions by establishing rules for yourself. you will go to yoga every weekend. you will not have more than two glasses of wine. you will buy whatever toilet paper is on sale. . do a postgame analysis after each decision you make, ask yourself how you felt afterward and what about the experience you can apply in the future. catherine price is the author of "101 places not to see before you die" subscribe to o, the oprah magazine for up to off the newsstand price. that's like getting issues free. subscribe now tm harpo productions, inc. .
__label__non_math	0.9992	editor's note: laura sessions stepp is a pulitzer prize-winning journalist, formerly with the washington post, who specializes in the coverage of young people. she has written two books: "unhooked: how young women pursue sex, delay love and lose at both," and "our last best shot: guiding our children through early adolescence." cnn -- new york city parents who are raising questions about the city's plan to expand its pilot program of dispensing contraception, including the morning-after pill, to high school students are doing what parents should do. they're asking questions. if they seek information from credible sources, they will learn that when taken within five days of intercourse, the morning-after pill plan b, which contains one of the hormones found in regular pills, is safe and effective. they also will learn that other forms of contraception have been available in many new york city public high schools for years. this new plan, open to all, is actually designed for girls who have been hardest to reach. these young women, from poor and working-poor families, are much more likely than others to get pregnant by accident. then, one of two things happens: a girl gets an abortion, or she has a baby she cannot support. neither new york city's school authorities, nor mayor michael bloomberg, finds those options desirable; both are quite rightly supporting the expansion. according to joanna kuebler of the national assembly on school-based health care, about of school-based health centers in the united states are allowed by their school districts to dispense contraception. sixty percent of centers are prohibited from doing so. requirements for parental consent vary. new york's effort to reduce teen pregnancies appears to be among the largest and most comprehensive. what hangs some people up is the school administration's decision, during the recent pilot phase of the project, to allow parents to opt their children out of it. parents received letters in the mail describing the program and telling them that their child would be in the program unless a parent disallowed it in writing. only to of parents denied permission. it's a good bet many parents didn't read the letters, or if they did, thought their daughter wasn't having sex, or weren't sure how they felt -- so they didn't do anything. the school system took their silence as an endorsement and moved to expand the program. i think i probably would have done the same thing. but opponents said a fairer way of judging parents' attitudes would have been to require them to opt their children in if they wanted them in the program. they argued that that would require a student and parent to talk to each other about the student's sexual activity -- a good thing. advocates for the city's plan offered a credible response. they said that many students and parents would avoid such a discussion. absent parental approval, students who were already sexually active, or about to be, would be in the same boat as before: unable to easily acquire contraception after either consensual or nonconsensual sex. we live in one of the richest, most well-educated countries in the world, yet we have the highest teen birth rate of comparable countries. that is simply not right. yes, parents are children's first teachers and moral guides, but they need assistance, which is what the new york city system is attempting to provide. no reliable scientific evidence shows that the availability of birth control encourages young people to start having sex earlier. and there is good evidence that the increased availability of birth control, as well as improved sex education, has lowered the teen pregnancy rate dramatically. according to data released this week by the national center for health statistics, the teen birth rate in -- about one birth for every girls -- is the lowest it has been since the 1940s, when the center began to track childbearing. a lower teen pregnancy rate means a lower abortion rate. among the ,000 girls ages to17 who got pregnant last year in new york city, nine out of pregnancies were unplanned, and almost two out of three resulted in abortions. for that reason alone, we should embrace new york's efforts to make all forms of contraception accessible, as well as affordable and safe. follow on twitter. join us at facebook cnnopinion. the opinions in this commentary are solely those of laura sessions stepp.
__label__non_math	1.0000	cnn -- facebook wants to cut clutter. the social media site, which has more than billion users, on thursday announced a newly redesigned news feed that blows up photos and visual content, and adds categories that focus on specific types of content. the web version of the social network now looks much more like the mobile apps, which are also getting a revamping. facebook announced the changes during a media event at its headquarters in menlo park, california. the new web version will roll out slowly to users starting thursday, and updated ios and android apps will be available in the coming weeks. chief executive mark zuckerberg compared the revamped feed to a local newspaper and the new channels to the traditional sections, such as sports and business, you'd find there. "i think that there's this important and social place in this world for this customized newspaper," zuckerberg said. he didn't note the irony of comparing facebook to an industry that his site and others are marginalizing. the news feed is the first, and sometimes only, page people see when they log on to the facebook website or fire up a facebook mobile app. the nerve center of the facebook experience, the news feed fills the middle of this home screen with updates, photos, articles and other content and activity from your friends, such as likes and app updates. interspersed among that somewhat-chronological content are posts from pages you follow and targeted ads. the main page, which facebook is calling the "front page" to go with its newspaper metaphor, is adding categories so people can look at a more narrow feed of specific types of content as an alternative to the all-in-one view. there are views for all friends, most recent, close friends, music, photos, games and following. photos will show every single image your friends post as well as the photos posted by the pages you follow, including anything shared to facebook from instagram. the music channel will show a combination of nearby concerts, feeds from musicians you follow and the songs friends are listing to with third-party apps such as spotify. the channels will appear on the mobile apps and web versions of facebook. "everyone's going to start on the front page like they do today. this just gives people more power to dig into the topics they care about," zuckerberg said. the individual elements that populate the news feed have been redesigned to fill the page better, the company maintains. text is taking a back seat to visual content, which now makes up almost of the content in the news feed, according to zuckerberg. photos, videos and albums are bigger. shared articles show a bigger image and larger summary along with a logo for the publisher. content in the feed about individuals and pages will show a little slice of their timeline, including their cover photo and a button to add them as a friend or to like the page. maps and posts for third-party apps such as pinterest have also been cleaned up. previously, the news feed occupied less than of the real estate on the facebook home page, according to julie zhuo, facebook's director of design. to cut down on clutter and give the feed more room to breathe, navigation elements on the left have been slimmed down to a narrow black column of icons, similar to the mobile interface. one thing that's not changing is the algorithm that decides what posts are displayed in a feed, which has received some criticism. zuckerberg defended the practice of not showing a full and complete chronological feed of all content, saying people benefit from more important content, such as major life events, being given a more prominent place in their feeds. the filters might be great for users, but they could have a negative effect on companies that have sunk money into promoting their pages and gathering fans, said one analyst. those fans can switch to a more narrow feed of just their friends or music content or photos that doesn't include brand pages, potentially making it more difficult for companies to reach their followers. "it's going to continue to erode the value of companies having facebook pages and fans," said forrester analyst nate elliott. "facebook is walking a really fine line, they're not providing enough value." ads will still be featured on the friends-only feeds, so companies and brands that want to reach people who switch to those views can by buying advertising from facebook. elliot says this could be interpreted as a "bait and switch" by marketers. ads -- which are included in the redesign -- are facebook's primary source of income. the company made .billion off advertising in , which accounted for of the social network's total revenue, according to engadget. most of that ad money comes from the web version of facebook, and was from ads on mobile devices. the company may get money from advertisers, but it needs to keep the users who click on those ads engaged, active and happy on the network.
__label__non_math	0.9995	legislative changes, judicial decisions and other developments relevant to your practice proposed amendments to ontario regulated health professions legislation re treating spouses an ontario mpp has introduced bill to legislature, proposing to amend provisions of the health professionals procedural code that currently have the effect of imposing certain minimum penalties, including licence revocation, for health professionals who are found guilty of sexual abuse by a discipline committee in certain circumstances. in the code, sexual abuse is defined as sexual intercourse or other forms of physical sexual relations between the member and the patient, touching, of a sexual nature, of the patient by the member, or behaviour or remarks of a sexual nature by the member towards the patient. and the mandatory minimum penalties are required when the abuse includes: genital to genital, genital to anal, oral to genital, or oral to anal contact, masturbation of the member by, or in the presence of, the patient, masturbation of the patient by the member, encouragement of the patient by the member to masturbate in the presence of the member. the court of appeal for ontario has considered the mandatory penalties accompanying a finding of sexual abuse on three separate occasions, and has confirmed the penalties on each occasion. in mussani, the court of appeal rejected a physician s contention that the mandatory penalties infringed the charter of rights and found the relevant portions of code to be constitutional no spousal relationship was alleged in this case ; in rosenberg, the court of appeal determined that the mandatory penalties applied even where the physician in question had become the spouse of his patient prior to the amendments to the code introducing mandatory minimum penalties; and in leering, the court of appeal upheld application of the mandatory penalties where a chiropractor had argued that the mandatory penalties did not apply to him as he had begun treating an intimate partner only after the establishment of their relationship. the code does not therefore distinguish between spousal relationships and other relationships, or between circumstances where the intimate relationship predates the treatment and circumstances where the therapeutic relationship pre-dates the treatment. bill is a private member s bill, and to date remains at a preliminary stage, having only passed first reading. if passed, bill would not exempt treating a spouse from the definition of sexual abuse under the code, but would instead remove mandatory penalties for sexual abuse where the patient was a spouse of the health professional. in related news, the ontario health professions regulatory advisory committee has recently issued a report to the minister of health and long-term care recommending that the code be amended to exempt treatment of spouses from the definition of sexual abuse. the report also emphasizes that notwithstanding any amendments to the code on the issue, individual colleges will be free to define more stringent standards for their members. apart from the provisions of the regulated health procedural code, ontario nurses should be aware that the college of nurses prescribes detailed standards regarding relationships with spouses and family members, set out in the therapeutic-nurse relationship standard. gunshot and stab wound reporting newfoundland and labrador will join british columbia, alberta, saskatchewan, manitoba, ontario, qu bec and nova scotia in requiring health care facilities to report gunshot wounds to police. the gunshot and stab wound report act, snl , ch g-., which has been passed by the newfoundland and labrador legislature but is not yet in force, also requires health facilities to report stab wounds. like its counterpart in other provinces, the newfoundland and labrador legislation imposes reporting obligations on health facilities and specified health services only not on individual health professionals. ensure you know the law on gunshot and stab wound reporting in your province or territory, the reporting mechanism that has been put in place in your hospital or health care institution and whether you may have any responsibility to take part in this reporting process, pursuant to hospital rules and policy. newfoundland and labrador and nova scotia have each passed a personal health information act. the newfoundland and labrador legislation has been in force , while the nova scotia legislation has yet to be proclaimed in force. each establishes a new regime for the collection, use and disclosure of personal health information. nurses who are custodians of health information under the legislation are required to implement a comprehensive plan to safeguard the confidentiality and privacy of personal health information under their control. you may wish to consult the resource page prepared by the newfoundland and labrador department of health and community services for more information about the newfoundland and labrador legislation, or contact the cnps if you have any specific question regarding its application to your practice. nova scotia to strengthen midwifery programs nova scotia has announced plans to improve access to midwifery services in the province. improvements include creating a second-attendant program, hiring a midwifery practice specialist and increasing the complement of midwives in the iwk capital district health authorities. manitoba to merge rhas in what the government is describing as one of the biggest changes in years of health care in the province, manitoba has announced its intention to consolidate nine adjoining regions into four larger authorities, and to merge the churchill rha into the winnipeg rha map of new rhas here . the government is hoping that the mergers will achieve significant administrative savings. nurse anesthetists in bc? bc health minister has affirmed his support for the idea of introducing nurse anesthetists into ors in british columbia. dismissed by some as a tactic in an ongoing dispute with anesthesiologists in the province, if bc proceeded it would be the first province to permit nurses to provide anesthesia services. nursing authorities in the province were not consulted prior to the announcement. in recent months, there have been amendments to legislation and regulations governing the practice of nurse practitioners in several canadian provinces and territories: pei: the hospital management regulations made under the pei hospital act designate nurse practitioners as medical staff granted privileges by the board of health pei. the regulations provide that nurse practitioners or medical staff may treat and discharge patients when authorized by an attending practitioner, but do not grant nurse practitioners the authority to admit patients. pursuant to the corresponding medical staff by-law, adopted in february , as a condition to obtain privileges, nps are required to provide evidence of licensure with arnpei and beneficiary status with cnps or equivalent professional liability protection. ontario: the ontario government has recently proclaimed into force further amendments to the regulated health professions act initially introduced by bill 179, along with regulatory amendments, which will have important implications for nurse practitioners in that province. pursuant to these amendments, as of , nps may prescribe all non-controlled medications, dispense of medications in some circumstances, order any laboratory tests appropriate for patient care, set and cast fractures, and make certain client care orders. the college of nurses of ontario has resources describing the changes, here. the college of nurses of ontario has concurrently published revised standards of practice applicable to nurse practitioners. in addition, as of , under regulation 965 to the hospitals act, nps employed by hospitals have expanded authority to order diagnostics and discharge patients. nps not employed by hospitals may apply to a hospital s medical advisory committee for the same authority. further amendments to the regulation are scheduled to come in force in july that would grant nps the authority to admit patients as well. manitoba: following the coming into force of amendments to the extended practice regulation, manitoba nurses approved to engage in extended practice rn ep s are authorized, as of , to prescribe schedule drugs, and prescribe non-prescription devices in order to help patients qualify for private extended health benefits . the college of registered nurses of manitoba is drafting a new scope of practice statement for rn ep s, and has resources on the amendments here. yukon: amendments to the yukon registered nurses profession act are poised to come into effect, upon the finalizing of the accompanying regulations governing nurse practitioners. the amendments and the regulations are expected to establish the nurse practitioner as a new class of nurse, and to grant nps authority to admit and discharge patients, and prescribe certain medications. northwest territories and nunavut: the registered nurses association of the northwest territories and nunavut rnant nu has worked with the northwest territories government to develop practice and prescriptive guidelines for nurse practitioners. these guidelines, in force in the nwt since , permit nps to order diagnostic tests, perform procedures such as suturing and casting, and to prescribe certain medications. rnant nu is in discussions with the government of nunavut to have similar guidelines approved there. nova scotia: regulation made under the homes for special care act, rsns , c 203 was amended to allow nurse practitioners to order medications in nursing homes. also, the timely medical certificates act, in force as of , permits nurse practitioners to sign medical certificates of death in some circumstances, helping families to make funeral arrangements more quickly. british columbia: the college of registered nurses of british columbia recently revised its by-laws and its np scope of practice standards with respect to the qualifications of nurse practitioners. upon the expiry of the nurse practitioner exemption regulation under the b.c. labour mobility act on , b.c. np graduates and applicants already holding unrestricted registration as a nurse practitioner in another canadian jurisdiction no longer had to complete the objective structured clinical examination osce . however, these nurse practitioners are not necessarily able to practice without supervision. in order to independently perform any of the np restricted activities listed in subsection of the nurse registered and nurse practitioners regulation, nurse practitioners need to have successfully completed the exam of the american nurse credentialing centre ancc or another equivalent written exam approved by crnbc, as well as the osce exam. nurse practitioners who do not successfully complete these exams can only perform those restricted acts under the supervision of a physician or a nurse practitioners having successfully completed the ancc and osce exams. additional information is available on the crnbc web site. on the nurse practitioner statutes amendment act received royal assent, was and will be proclaimed in force on . the act amends a number of statutes to authorize nps to perform services within their scope of practice. the crnbc has further details on this legislation. nurse prescribing in alberta the college and association of registered nurses of alberta carna is working with the government to revise the registered nurses profession regulation, to, among other things, authorize rns to prescribe schedule drugs in some circumstances. carna has developed a draft standard for rn prescribing, which can be reviewed here. alberta impostor sentenced to five months imprisonment an individual who worked as a nurse for two months at one medical clinic and a further two weeks at a second clinic under a falsified rn licence, has been sentenced to five months imprisonment. r. v. marier, abpc 182. nova scotia patient safety legislation nova scotia is poised to join ontario as the only province with patient safety legislation. introduced to the legislature in may, the patient safety act will require that health district administrators and the iwk health centre to report regularly on a number of patient safety indicators, beginning with hand hygiene adherence rates. crnns to introduce jurisprudence exam in what may become a growing trend across canada, the college of registered nurses of nova scotia has announced that nurses seeking licensure in that province will, commencing in the licensure year commencing , will be examined on provincial legislation and other legal standards governing nursing practice. new standards for nova scotia rns, nps the college of registered nurses of nova scotia has released new versions of the standards of practice governing registered nurses and nurse practitioners. the standards are effective as of . mandatory liability protection in the fall , the college of nurses of ontario cno drafted amendments to its by-laws, in anticipation of the coming into force of amendments to the ontario health professions act that will require mandatory liability protection for health professionals. pursuant to the draft amendments, members of the registered nurses association of ontario rnao meet the cno and statutory mandatory liability protection criteria, as rnao members are all eligible for cnps liability protection. the provisions of bill 179 and the amendments to the cno by-laws requiring all nurses to have in place professional liability protection are not yet in force. quebec proposes to specify procedures for surgical first assistants quebec has proposed new regulations to the medical act identifying specific procedures that qualified nurse surgical first assistants may perform in the operating theatre. these include making incisions and dissecting tissues; selecting and implementing homeostasis techniques; suturing and ligating deep within the surgical field. except for opening and suturing wounds, all of these procedures would have to be performed in the presence of an attending surgeon; opening and closing would require a physician to be present at the institution and available to assist. nurses are the experts in nursing care, says quebec court the quebec case c.l. v. st. arnaud, qccs , resulted from allegations that a physician and nursing staff had failed to take adequate steps to prevent premature delivery of the fetus. in finding that the fetal monitoring conducted by the nursing staff met the standard of care, the court criticized as unhelpful the practice of inviting physicians to provide expert opinions on nursing care, noting that nurses are the appropriate experts to comment on nursing care. quebec nurses vote to require university degrees at their annual meeting on , members of the quebec order of nurses qon voted in favour of a resolution urging the quebec government to adopt a standard that would require new nurses to obtain a university degree. the qon president described quebec as being ten years behind other canadian provinces in regards to minimum educational standards. new quebec nursing specialty in infection prevention and control in what quebec order of nurses qon president labels a canadian first, quebec has established a specialty certificate program in infection prevention and control. nurses applying for the certificate will be required to obtain credits in infection prevention and control coursework, and to pass qon exams. amended bc consent legislation expands list of substitute decision makers, grants legal status to advance directives amendments to the british columbia health care consent and care facility admission act in force since add grandparents, grandchildren and close friends to the statutory list of recognized decision-makers. the amendments also give legal status to written advance directives that meet statutory criteria designed to protect patients from undue influence. the college of registered nurses of british columbia has revised its consent practice standard to reflect the amendments. ontario nurses now eligible to be appointed as investigators under coroners act new regulations passed pursuant to the coroners act now authorize the appointment of nurses as investigators. cnps has been working with the office of the chief coroner to facilitate the provision of professional liability assistance to nurses who may be appointed. ontario court of appeal recognizes tort of intrusion upon seclusion: decision has implications for health care professionals in jones v. tsige, the ontario court of appeal clarified a developing area of law in finding a defendant liable for invasion of privacy. the defendant bank employee had, over a four year period, repeatedly viewed the private banking information of a bank colleague in circumstances where that colleague was the ex-wife of a man the defendant was seeing romantically. in imposing liability for intrusion upon seclusion, the court made clear that in ontario at least, individuals who intentionally invade others privacy without lawful justification, in circumstances that reasonable people would find insensitive, may find themselves liable for moral damages up to ,000 in addition to damages required to compensate any loss . for health professionals, this decision means that intentional, unlawful viewing of personal health information may result in civil liability, in addition to potential consequences in the workplace, before professional bodies, and before the information and privacy commissioner. srna provides guidance to nurses re performing cosmetic procedures the saskatchewan registered nurses association has endorsed an article drafted by bryan salte, assistant registrar and legal counsel to the college of physicians and surgeons of saskatchewan, concerning the performing of cosmetic procedures by non-physician health-professionals. among other things, the article cautions that assessing a patient for injectable cosmetics like botox and making the decision to perform an injection are outside of a registered nurse s scope of practice in saskatchewan. newfoundland: the newfoundland and labrador centre for health information is partnering with canada health infoway to establish the infoway newfoundland and clinical peer leader support network program, to enable peer leaders to help professionals adopt to ehrs. saskatchewan: saskatchewan has introduced the saskatchewan lab results repository, to enable electronic lab results to be available anywhere a patient seeks care across the province. the lab results repository will join existing components of saskatchewan s ehr project, including the pharmaceutical information system and the picture archiving communication system.
__label__non_math	1.0000	sacha baron cohen shows 'the dictator' in london london ap london fans had better watch out: sacha baron cohen is unleashing his latest satirical incarnation on leicester square for the world premiere of "the dictator." cohen, who is known to court controversy, is expected to attend the red carpet event in character but it's not yet known what his latest publicity stunt will be. his new character follows in the footsteps of his other outrageous creations ali g, borat and bruno and sees the comedian play admiral general aladeen, the freedom-hating military dictator of the fictitious north african republic of wadia. directed by larry charles, the film also stars megan fox, anna faris, ben kingsley and john c. reilly. cohen hit the headlines earlier this year when he brought aladeen to the academy awards red carpet holding, what he said were the ashes of north korean leader kim jong-il. "the dictator" is being released in the u.k. and the u.s. on may .
__label__non_math	1.0000	the sblf, which was established as part of the small business jobs act, encourages community banks to increase their lending to small businesses to help them grow and create new jobs. in total, the u.s. treasury invested more than .billion, for a total of .billion over their baseline. "this report shows that the small business lending fund is having a powerful impact," said deputy secretary of the treasury neal wolin. "the program is helping spark new lending to local entrepreneurs looking to invest in their businesses and create new jobs." u.s. small businesses employ roughly one half of all americans and account for about percent of gross job creation. thus, small businesses play a critical role in the u.s. economy and are central to growth and job creation. but small business owners faced disproportionate challenges in the aftermath of the recession and credit crisis, including difficulty accessing capital. the sblf helps small businesses meet this challenge by providing capital to community banks that hold under billion in assets. the dividend rate a community bank pays on sblf funding is reduced as that bank increases its small business lending, providing a strong incentive for new lending to small businesses so they can expand and create jobs. the sblf is one part of the state small business credit initiative ssbci . a key part of the small business jobs act, the ssbci has allocated .billion to small business programs in states, territories, and municipalities to help spur additional lending to small businesses and manufacturers. last week, the jumpstart our business startups jobs act was also signed into law, which will allow main street small businesses and high-growth enterprises to raise capital from investors more efficiently, helping small and young firms across the country to grow.
__label__non_math	0.9902	how strong is your kung fu - new trailer shows off kung fu strike in action it was barely a week ago that we brought news of a new player brawler hitting the xbla, kung fu strike: the warrior's rise. at that time, we had only a small glimpse of what's in store with this arcade title that draws from classic chinese tales of revenge, chinese calligraphy art style, and, of course, chinese martial arts. a new trailer, though, provides us with a better picture of how all of these pieces tie together. i'll admit, the video is a bit frenetic. it just barely manages to come in on the "still sane" side of crazy when compared to something like a dynasty warriors' trailer. despite that, one does get a sense of what developer qooc soft is going for with this title. many of the scenes and set pieces that are briefly glimpsed seem similar to those battles you see in the classic, and even modern, martial arts films. sadly, no further details on the co-op side of things, but perhaps a few of those characters that are seen are playable? no release date has been announced just yet for kung fu strike, but there are some rumors that we may be seeing this soon enough. hopefully, though, it comes a little later in the spring release season as i already know how i'll be spending most of my time in the coming weeks...
__label__non_math	0.9992	check out our latest single my first solo release on coa since available on beatport . belgium-born producers gl ph take the tune into a whole different realm, bringing the deep tribal vibes on their killer remix. have a taste of the tracks below. resonating out of brooklyn, new york, soroka is one of nyc s premiere dubstep producer dj s. since collaborating on the dirtystep mixtape ii in early , he has had releases on labels code of arms, filthy digital, gamma audio, babygrande and betamorph recordings. built on a foundation of reggae and hip-hop, his production is constantly evolving and breaking new ground, bringing raw energy and hard bass tightly woven with melodic structure. recent projects include tracks with lenny dee, wu-tang, brand nubian, the alchemystics, and the lithuanian top artist, gacho. in he gained recognition worldwide for his top-selling remix on the double cd wu-tang meets the indie culture vol. : enter the dubstep . this was followed up in with the second enter the dubstep album by hip-hop pioneers brand nubian on which he co-produced tracks. representing konkrete jungle origination, he has been smashing it at clubs and warehouse parties in nyc and elsewhere for years, spinning alongside plastician, datsik, antiserum, noah d, reid speed and caspa to name a few. from performing to producing, and an onslaught of new solo material on the way, is sure to be a big year for the architect of bassweight. gl ph is the collaboration project of lixk and myos s, two dj producers from belgium. gl ph was created in november and as the project grew, they began turning heads with haunting aggressive dubstep. their two first productions african junkie distrogena enabled them to get signed and make a release with necroid recordings. with the help of local event organizers, the duo grew and were able to expand their reach, joining forces with more labels including f ckin beat crew. other labels featuring gl ph include krypled brain, gradient audio and monkeydub.
__label__non_math	0.9996	morning report: waves -3ft swell s secs,winds w-wsw -knots clean lines and crisp offshore's, swells south averaging 3ft with odd better at s facing beaches, its low tide soon with plenty of reasons breaking to wetty up, s facing def biggest but plenty wrapping into open beaches,may slow up as tide flows in but some ok banks around that should work through the day. the nsw lifesaving patrol season ended on sunday april, however the following beaches at dee why and freshwater are still patrolled by council lifeguards days a week until the end of may. council lifeguards at manly patrol over the entire off-season period days a week. please do not take any risks during the winter period. no swim for more information on lifesaving patrol times, please visit the surf life saving australia beachsafe website at wsw knots last updated: : north head . - .m . - .m . - .m . - .m low last updated: : sunny,winds: southwesterly to knots. seas: to .metres, decreasing below 1metre around midday, then increasing to to .metres later in the evening.swell: southerly metres. cam sponsored by manly surf school get along for lessons at the manly surf school call phone: or surfing mums meet here surfing mums is a network of women who surf and are mums of course , but what sets them apart is that they still want to surf as much as we did before they had kids. its not about how well you surf, or if you are a long boarder, short boarder, bodyboarder, body surfer or learning to surf. it's about getting wet and having fun for meeting times check out
__label__non_math	0.9996	- published on thursday, july - written by john draper - hits: it used to be that we were worried that communists and russia were going to take over - they made no secret of the fact that they wanted the world to be communist. but now, it's islam that wants to take over. not a political philosophy but a religion. as muslims are quick to tell everyone - only islam is right and anyone who believes to the contrary is wrong and should be converted or even killed. just like the christians of a few centuries ago, they have zero tolerance for other beliefs. the only reason why there is not already all-out war is that many muslims, like many christians, don't accept all that they are told. but those that do push their intolerance include nuclear powers pakistan and soon to become nuclear powers iran - see iranium . scary stuff. in toronto, there are islamic books being sold that push conquest. sayyid abul ala maududi wrote: "islam wishes to destroy all states and governments anywhere on the face of the earth which are opposed to the ideology and programme of islam," "islam requires the earth - not just a portion - but the whole planet." toronto sun you could dismiss him as an aberration except that his books are still being distributed, sold and read by devout muslims. these books are alongside others on "how to beat your wife". but it's not just bookstores wanting to cater to extremist muslims, it's iran as a country that is working to convert everyone to islam. how else can we interpret their latest actions? it was recently reported that their embassy in canada has been actively infiltrating our government and institutions. ctv news the way they do it is by recruiting iranians who study or work in canada to report back to the embassy. they then use that information to "influence" iranians in canada they do that by "threaten ing to hurt families in iran or to hurt them personally and physically." some of their recruits are students that they sponsor for study in canada and others are iranians who have immigrated to escape such tyranny. an iranian canadian activist group said that: ""they are giving to everyone providing information, especially on iranians who are active against the regime in canada." the canadian government says they are very aware of the activities of the iranian embassy but it was highlighted when iranian diplomat hamid mohammadi photo right said in an interview on an iranian website that: "iranians living in canada should be serving tehran." he went on to say that there were many iranian-canadians "working in influential government positions" and called on others to "occupy high-level and key positions." more here at ottawa citizen . you can see his full speech here: vlad tepes one comment he made that i find objectionable: " one major distinguishing factor that separates the islamic-iranian culture from the rest, it is their resistance to being absorbed and digested by the dominant culture." to me, the reason you come to a new country is because you like it, you prefer it. the reason it's better is because of its culture. so it's important to accept and adopt the culture of the country you live in - don't bring your culture with you. your food yes, your jokes and myths yes, maybe some other aspects - but leave your hates, intolerance and your attitudes to women behind. but it's not just canada that should be alarmed - iranians in canada have an easier access to the u.s. - especially if they have canadian citizenship. talk is not enough. one solution would be to shut down the iranian embassy in ottawa but the problem with that would be that canadians currently in an iranian prison would end up being abandoned to iranian torture and injustice. the three are iranian born saeed malekpour, hamid ghassemi-shall and hossein derakshan and were stupid enough to return to iran - although they could be described as brave. some would say that we should decree that any canadian who goes to a place like iran is on their own - but that's not the "canadian way" - we don't want to descend to the hell that is iran. meanwhile, iran is trying to establish their version of islam and tyranny worldwide - we must not just sit by and allow it because of political correctness.
__label__math	0.7950	i have an existing database project i m working with from around . the database is for a restaurant point of sale system i wrote called bravopos. one of my original customers ok.. my only customer is now opening another restaurant and is interested in deploying bravopos at this location also. the system has been running fine since . but with the new restaurant, i ll be maintaining two, maybe even three or four systems if my restaurant point of sale monopoly takes off this is going to introduce some complexity. at the moment there is no official copy of the database save what s on the server at the restaurant. if i ever had a large pos customer base, i would absolutely need an easy way to maintain multiple versions of the database. i need to be able to roll forward and backward and i want to know at what point of time and for which deployments a specific schema of the database applies. second, i ve changed my mind on a couple things and would like to rename or refactor them without breaking my existing installation. i was one of those guys who in applied hungarian notation to my database. i prefaced every table with tb and every string column with s , stored procedures with usp. i would like to simplify things. rather than abandon the old system, i want to gracefully change these variables without causing a mistake. there s a bigger picture too database pain extends beyond my self inflicted side project into my real job where i work on an agile team. due in part to the company s culture, our projects have a differentiation between those who code devs and those who do databases bi . this leads to a couple pain points where bi meets dev. there is pain when keeping bi in sync with the project s version control. even with the most disciplined of bi resources, databases are hard to correctly version. versioning is done with script files and checking those scripts into source control. it s easy to forget to keep a script up to date. second, there s pain when planning schema migration from the developer state to the deployment state. even if you have a good versioning system, there s no guarantee that someone hasn t made optimizations to the production database. i would expect most admins are actively changing the production database in some way for performance. finally, there s the issue of unit testing. developer resources are well versed in the benefits of unit testing, but unit testing at the database level is typically not done. since developer unit tests should not touch the database, short of an integration test how do you validate the expected behavior of the database? data dude to the rescue the visual studio sql server database project type or as everyone outside of microsoft s marketing arm calls it the data dude can help ease some of this pain. it s available if you have access to the professional or greater sku of visual studio. to start with, i recommend using the wizard when creating a new database project: this will make important an existing database schema a breeze. once your done, open the schema view to see everything data dude has created for you. oh, and check it into source control refactoring in your database want to rename a table or a column? you ll be tempted to double click on a schema item and start renaming it like you would in sql server. don t here i m renaming a table from tbdepartments to departments. notice the preview changes button. this let s you see the affected objects and what will change. the number of affected items above is a good reason why to use a refactoring tool like data dude. departments are used in lots of reporting procedures. changing this by hand could be messy and error prone. using data dude, you can compare schemas between database projects or compare your current project to a database. it will give you an idea of what will need to be done to get one database to match the other. there s an issue though if you look at what it wants to do to my departments table: according to microsoft on a thread here, schema compare doesn t understand the refactor log which it uses at deployment time. because of this i don t focus on schema view except as a diff tool and i don t use scripts from it. getting a real schema diff when your are interested in getting some useful scripts out of data dude, you will need to use the deploy option. by default deploy deploys a sql script file to a bin that you can run at your leisure. there s something really important to understand about the deployment option. whether your script is created to generate a new database or to generate an update script to an existing database depends on on what you have specified as your deployment target under deployment options. to get a real diff between your deployment target and your refactoring, you need to specify it as your deployment target in the project properties deployment tab: unit testing databases? the term unit test is getting overloaded and its meaning ambiguous. my definition is that a unit test is a small bit of code whose purpose is to validate that the behavior of some other bit of code is behaving as designed. this means that the result of a unit test must be deterministic, not stochastic. this is difficult to guarantee with a database since data changes the output of functions stored procedures . to make a database unit testable, you must make it predictable. data dude can help. it allows you to create a database on demand, populate it with test data and execute a series of unit tests against it you can get all the gritty details on how to setup unit testing for databases here. what i thought was exceptional was the actual designer for creating database unit tests shown below: the t-sql to be executed goes into the box at the top. test conditions are created at the bottom. the built in conditions are: - data checksum: verify that a hash of an output set matches a previously generated hash. you get a little window to execute your sql from which computes a checksum for you. this then goes into the equals condition for the test. - empty resultset verify no rows returned - not empty result set: verify some rows returned. - row count: verify that x rows are returned where x is the number of rows. - execution time: must execute in less than hh:mm:ss. - inconclusive: the default condition - schema comparison: similar to a checksum but for schema. allows you to execute a bit of sql and set that as the target schema to match as a result set s schema. - scalar value: verify that a scalar value in a specific column row matches another value. if you want to test a scalar such as a return value or output value, you will need to put it into a select as shown in the select as rc example. if the built in conditions do not meet your needs, there is extensibility support to create your own conditions. more on that here. as you might guess, unit tests are configured to use mstest. more flexibility here would be nice. to sum up, visual studio sql server database projects can help manage the pain points where bi and dev come together such as with version control. it can help teams harden database designs with unit testing. who knew such an awesome tool was hiding deep inside visual studio.
__label__non_math	1.0000	education services offers a range of courses for new and experienced software developers and managers. the course curriculum is divided into four subsets that provide you and your team flexible options. utilizing our global team of certified training partners, delivery options include private and public instructor-led classes on-site or through the internet. click on the course title for full course descriptions. we are currently working to update our public class offerings in the us and uk .let us know if your interested in attending a public or private class and we, or one of our education partners will contact you.
__label__non_math	0.9944	gold level application development. the gold level application development competency differentiates expertise in developing applications on windows , windows server, windows azure, visual studio , visual studio tools for office, microsoft office and biztalk. this competency can only be given to partners with at least four unique mcps who each hold the microsoft certified professional developer mcpd : web developer certification. silver level mid-market solution provider. the mid-market solution provider competency differentiates expertise in the most current microsoft desktop, business-management, and server technologies. these expertise enable us to provide critical infrastructure solutions to mid-market businesses. how can this benefit you? in non-techy terms it means that codehouse is an experienced it-partner capable of delivering top of the line web-based business solutions built with cutting edge technology - from content managed websites to website integration and bespoke web applications. some of our favourites are sitecore cms and umbraco cms but we like everything .net. get in touch to find out how we can help your business create a valuable online-presence.
__label__math	0.9951	eventcalendar control is a non-composite web control the creates a gantt style calendar viewable by quarter periods. the events are detailed on a left hand pane, while the right hand pane shows the events as strips along a horizontal calendar. you can add a hyperlink on these strips to take the user to another document. the right hand pane is scrollable. the events can be grouped into groups which will be shown highlighted above the groups' events. the control takes in xml data for the events. i was asked to do this at a charity to help projects co-ordinate and know what everyone else is doing. the website allowed people to enter details of an event on a web form which then got displayed grouped by 'business initiative'. the events were stored in an ms sql server. it was very easy to pull out the data from the db and format it into hierarchical xml required by the calendar control using a dataset that contained tables and data relations, and then using the getxml method of the using the code eventcalendar control on your website, you will need to add the control into the toolbox by right-clicking it, selecting 'customize toolbox', selecting the '.net framework components' tab and then clicking on the browse button. navigate to the eventcalendarcontrol.dll. this should add it to the toolbox. then just drag this control onto the page where you want the control to be. you can then set the font property of the control in the properties window to whatever you like. i like arial, 8pt. next in the code behind page, onload event, you will need to set some properties of the control. eventcalendarcontrol1. eventcalendarcontrol1. eventcalendarcontrol1. eventcalendarcontrol1. eventcalendarcontrol1. eventcalendarcontrol1. eventcalendarcontrol1. eventcalendarcontrol1. xmldata: is the data that contains the calendar events, i'll go through the format of it later. blankgifpath: is the website path to a transparent x gif. this is the path required by the control to format the calendar grid properly. i couldn't get the grid to properly synch between the left and right hand panes, without resorting to this common webmaster technique. if anyone can get it working without this, please let me know year: the year you want the calendar to display. quarter: the quarter you want the calendar to display ,,, . blockcolor: this is the default block color for the calendar. you can override it in the xml for individual groups. togglecolor: this is the color the calendar will use for separating out the weeks and the groups. cellheight: the height of a cell in the calendar grid. cellwidth: the width of a cell in the calendar grid. now for the xml: the xml format is very simple, simply groups which contain blocks events . each group shows up 'grouping' a list of events. note that, it doesn't matter what contains the group nodes or the top level nodes, as i'm doing a global search on 'group' using the xpath. - each group has nodes: blockcolor and then a list of block nodes. - each block contains: enddate and a xmldata " develop specifications"; xmldata " cc66cc"; xmldata " activity.aspx? xmldata " 10t00:. "; xmldata " 10t00:. "; xmldata " technical architecture"; xmldata " activity.aspx? xmldata " 15t00:. "; xmldata " 15t00:. "; xmldata " software architecture"; xmldata "" assuming the data is contained in a database, the best way to generate this xml is by using a dataset that has two tables, the first table containing the groups and then the second table containing the blocks. adding a table relation to the dataset representing the parent-child relationship with toxml on the dataset magically creates a nested or hierarchical xml as required above. about the code the control is a non-composite control which means it's not based on or derived from standard web controls. sometimes, when you require greater control over what html is produced, you may consider creating this type of control to encapsulate it. it's quite easy to do, all you need to do is to create a 'web control library' and then override the onprerender event handler. using this code, it should be easy to enhance it, so to add, say, duration into the left hand pane or highlight the critical path. jean-marc is a it consultant specializing on the microsoft platform. jean-marc lives in london, uk.
__label__math	0.9260	download source - kb this tutorial is based off of the msdn article id: q194873. but, for a beginner, following these msdn articles can be intimidating to say the least. one of the most often asked questions i see as a visual c and visual basic programmer is how to call a vb dll from vc . well, i am hoping to show you exactly that today. i am not going to go over the basic details of com as this would take too long, so i am assuming you have an understanding of vb, vc and a little com knowledge. it's not too hard to learn; just takes a little time. so let's get started. the first thing you need to do is fire up visual basic vb should work as well . with vb running, create a new "activex dll" project. rename the project to "vbtestcom" and the class to "clstestclass". you can do this by clicking in the vb project explorer window on the project1 item step , then clicking in the properties window and selecting the name property step . do the same for the class. click on the class step , then the name property and enter the name mentioned above step . your project so far should look like the folowing right hand side picture: ok, now we are ready to add some code to the vb class. click on the "tools" menu, then select the "add procedure" menu item. the add procedure window will open up. in this window we need to add some information. first step make sure the type is set to function. second step enter a function name called "countstringlength". finally hit the ok button and vb will generate the new function in the class. you should have an empty function with which to work. the first thing we will do is specify a return type and an input parameter. edit your code to look like this: public function countstringlength byval strvalue as string as long what are we doing here? we are taking one parameter, as a string type in this case, then returning the length through the return type, which is a long. we specify the input parameter as byval, meaning vb will make a copy of this variable and use the copy in the function, rather than the default byref, which passes the variable by reference. this way we can be sure that we do not modify the string by accident that was passed to us by the calling program. let's add the code now. public function countstringlength byval strvalue as string as long in the first line of code we are checking to see if the calling program passed us an empty, or null, string. if so we return as the length. if the user did pass something other than an empty string, then we count it's length and return the length back to the calling program. now would be a good time to save your project. accept the default names and put it in a safe directory. we need to compile this project now. go to the file menu and select the "make vbcomtest.dll..." menu item. the compiler will produce a file called surprisingly enough: vbcomtest.dll. the compiler will also do us the favor of entering this new dll into the system registry. we have finished the vb side of this project, so let's start the vc side of it. fire up a copy of vc , then select from the menu, "new project". the new project window should appear. select a "win32 console application" step , then give it a name of "testvbcom" step . finally, enter a directory you want to build this project in step - your directory will vary from what i have entered . click on the "ok" button and the "win32 console application - step of " window will appear. leave everything on this page as the default, and click the "finish" button. one final window will appear after this titled "new project information". simply click the "ok" button here. you should now have an empty win32 console project. press the "ctrl" and hit the "n" key. another window titled "new" will appear. select the "c source file" step , then enter the new name for this file called, "testvbcom.cpp" step - make sure the add to project checkbox is checked and the correct project name is in the drop down combo box , then click the "ok" button to finish. now we are going to get fancy you need to go to your start menu in windows and navigate to the "visual studio " menu and go into the "microsoft visual studio .tools" sub-menu. in here you will see an icon with the name "ole view". click on it. the ole view tool will open up. you will see a window similar to this one: collapse all the trees, if they are not already. this will make it easier to navigate to where we want to go. highlight the "type libraries" step and expand it. you should see a fairly massive listing. we need to locate our vb dll. now, remember what we named the project? right, we need to look for vbtestcom. scroll down until you find this. once you have found it, double click on it. a new window should appear - the "itypelib viewer" window. we are only interested in the idl interface definition language code on the right side of the window. select the entire idl text and hit the "ctrl" and "c" buttons to copy it to the clipboard. you can close this window and the ole view window now as we are done with the tool. we need to add the contents of the idl file into our vc project folder. go to the folder you told vc to create your project in and create a new text file there if you are in windows explorer, you can right click in the directory and select "new" then scroll over following the arrow and select "text document" . rename the text document to "vbcomtest.idl". then double click on the new idl file vc should open it if you named it correctly with an idl extension . now paste the code in the file by pressing the "ctrl" and "v" keys. the idl text should be pasted into the file. so far, so good. now, this idl file is not going to do us much good until we compile it. that way, vc can use the files it generates to talk to the vb dll. let's do that now. open a dos window and navigate to the directory you created your vc project in. once in that directory, at the prompt you need to type the following to invoke the midl compiler: e: vbtestcom.idl h vbtestcom.h hit the "enter" key and let midl do its magic. you should see results similar to the following: close the dos window and head back into vc . we need to add the newly generated vbtestcom.h and vbtestcomi.c files to the project. you can do this by going to the "project" menu, then selecting the "add to project" item, and scrolling over to the "files" menu item and clicking on it. a window titled, "insert files into project" will open. select the two files highlighted in the next picture, then select the "ok" button. these two files were generated by midl for us, and vc needs them in order to talk to the vb dll actually vc does not need the "vbcomtesti.c" file in the project, but it is handy have in the project to review . we are going to add the following code to the "testvbcom.cpp" file now, so navigate to that file in vc using the "workspace" window. open the file by double clicking it and vc will display the empty file for editing. now add the following code to the "testvbcom.cpp" file: clsvbtestclass clsidclsvbtestclass, bstrt bstrvalue "hello world" ; cout "the string is: " returnvalue " characters in length." endl; cout "cocreateinstance failed." endl; if all the code is entered in correctly, then press the "f7" key to compile this project. once the project has compiled cleanly, then press the "ctrl" and the "f5" keys to run it. in the c code, we include the midl created "vbtestcom.h" file, the "comdef.h" file for the bstrt class support and the "iostream.h" file for the "cout" support. the rest of the comments should speak for themselves as to what's occurring. this simple tutorial shows how well a person can integrate vb and vc apps together using com. not too tough actually.
__label__math	0.5377	not so long ago the guys here at cp announced a new cross platform .net section. at the time i was working completely with windows based applications using c and the .net platform so, while the thought of getting to play around with c apps on other platforms was interesting, it wasn't something i had the time to do. nevertheless, fate has once again stepped in, this time in the form of a new project, and soon i'll be working on systems that will no doubt require some cross platform goodness. since the majority of the development will still be for the windows platform the technology set will be staying as is and the happiness that exists when developing .net applications will remain. anyway, it dawned on me that i didn't really know all that much about cross platform development with .net. sure, i had heard of mono, rotor and platform.net and had read some things here and there but i didn't have any practical knowledge about using any of these. after a bit of research i decided that mono was the most promising choice for the upcoming project and i decided to give it a go. i am fairly familiar with linux and have developed applications, albeit basic ones, for linux using c, c and java when in college. however, many weblog postings from bemused windows developers who had attempted to get mono up and running on linux had me slightly worried before i began. much to my surprise, it was actually a painless experience and getting mono running on linux was easy. setting it up and running it on windows was even easier again. what exactly is mono? when microsoft unleashed .net onto the world they were nice enough to hand the common language infrastructure cli , along with the c language, to the people at the european computer manufactures association, better known to most as the ecma. this allowed for an ecma standards for the cli and c to be developed and, eventually, these ecma standards also became iso standards. at this stage you might be thinking "so, what has this got to do with what mono is?" relax, slow down, i'm getting to it. this standardization meant that details about how a cli implementation should work, and also details about the c programming language, where publicly available and anybody with the time and desire could implement their own cli, essentially making their own version of .net. mono was born. mono is an "open source development platform based on the .net framework that allows developers to build linux and cross-platform applications with unprecedented productivity". at the time of writing this article the latest stable version of mono is ..and it provides the following features: - a common language runtime clr that is compatible with the ecma standard - a c compiler - a set of class libraries - ancillary tools such as a disassembler, debugger, ide, etc. although it may not sound like much to many, what the people behind the mono project have achieved is quite impressive. the set of class libraries available with mono include implementations of ado.net, asp.net, and system.windows.forms as well as many other aspects of the bcl that .net developers will be familiar with. added to this is the gtk library which is a fully featured library that allows for the development of gui apps on top of the gtk toolkit. all in all, quite impressive. with mono you can develop and run .net applications on linux, windows and other platforms. you can build and deploy asp.net application on linux servers. you can even run applications that you compiled using the microsoft c compiler on the mono runtime and vice versa. what is the purpose of this article? this article is the first in a series of articles that i will be writing about developing cross platform applications using mono. its purpose is to explain how to get up and running with mono on linux and on windows. i'll explain how you install mono and then i'll show you how to use the c compiler to compile and run what might be your first cross platform .net application. i'll also list some of the ancillary tools that come with mono. finally, i'll show how you can run applications created using mono on the microsoft .net runtime and vice versa. unfortunately i haven't had a chance to play with mono on a mac so i won't be covering it in this article. however i will try to cover it, along with platform.net, in a future article. no promises though. what you need to know this article is not going to show you how to program in c . this is something that you will have to learn yourself. there are many good introductory articles here on cp that you can read to gain a firm understanding of the ins and outs of the language. an understanding of what the .net framework and what it is is not necessary, but it would definitely be beneficial. lets get going before you can develop anything using mono you first need to get it up and running on your desired platform. since this article is in the cross platform .net section and one of the main uses of mono is the development and use of cross platform applications, i cover installing mono on both windows and linux. i'll look at installing on windows first even though, to be perfectly honest, it's a bit of a no brainer. as i mentioned above, the latest stable version of mono at the time of writing this article is ..and i will be working with this version. the download page for the latest mono releases is but i will be giving direct links to the files i download in each of the sections. if you would prefer to skip installing mono on windows then you can go straight to the installing mono on linux section below. installing mono on windows the windows version of mono runs on windows and above. i'm working on windows xp professional with service pack installed. it probably doesn't make a difference but i just wanted to mention it in case my instructions on installing mono on windows differs slightly from the procedure you need to follow for your own setup. just follow these steps and you should be up and running in no time: - download the mono windows installer from the mono download page. the file i am working off is - the installer is a standard windows installer so you can simply run it once it is downloaded by doubling clicking on it. - once the installer begins, click on next to go to the license agreement page. - you'll probably notice on the license agreement page that there are a number of different licenses that apply to the different components of the install. while i understand that most people simply agree and click on next, it would be irresponsible of me if i didn't recommend that you read the license agreement before agreeing to it. - once you pass the license agreement section you are presented with some general information about the install. the installer that i link to above mentions that it includes gtk and xsp a mono based web server that i will be looking at in the next article in this series among other things. - click on next and select the install location. - click on next again to bring you to the select components page. you are free to customize your installation but as i will be using all the components of this install in other articles in this series i would suggest that you accept the default "full installation". - click on next again and you can customize the name of mono folder that appears in the start menu. - if you have decided to do a full installation or if you have installed xsp, the installer will now ask you which port you want the web server to listen on. generally this will be port but you can change it to any free port on your system. when you are ready click on next. - finally, click on install to install and configure mono on your windows machine. the above list of instructions is probably too verbose. most people would have been fine just clicking on next the whole way through. however, i normally take my time when installing things. you never know what people slip into an installer and it's always good to know exactly what you have put on your machine. at this stage you can keep reading and learn how to install mono on your linux machine or if you don't have a linux installation, or just want to develop on windows for the time being, you can skip ahead to the your mono toolset section. installing mono on linux linux is a great operating system. there is no doubting that. however, there are some basic problems with the linux platform that have stemmed from the fact that the kernel and most of the supporting software is open source. the problem is a simple one; there are so many different linux distributions that there is no single set way of installing software on them. why should you care about this? well, depending on the distribution that you use, it could end up making your life a little more complicated then it needs to be when installing mono. you'll see what i mean below. to get mono up and running i decided to go for one of the more popular linux distributions. partly because i was familiar with it and partly because there was already an iso of the installation dvd on one of the internal ftp servers in work. no point in downloading a different distribution if i have a perfectly good one here. so, what did i choose? suse .professional. i used microsoft virtual pc to create two identical virtual pcs. two because i wanted to try two different ways of installing and configuring mono that were not mutually exclusive. i didn't want them to interfere so i decided that two separate virtual pcs was the way to go. i mounted the installation dvd iso in the virtual pcs and went about installing an identical system on both virtual pcs. i chose to install with acpi disabled, which is one of the first options you get to choose, and i went for the default package selection. nothing fancy. just the basic, default system that suse .professional suggested. if you have a different linux distribution have a look at for a good list of the different distributions available then chances are that the installation instructions below will differ slightly for you. the easy way as the name suggests, this way is, well, easy. the problem with this way however, is that it will not work on all linux distributions. if you have a look at the mono download page you will see that there are a packages available for some versions of the more common linux distributions including red hat, suse, fedora, and novell linux desktop. now a lot of linux distributions will be compatible with some of these installation packages but specifying which ones are and which ones are not is well outside the scope of this introductory article. unfortunately, if you are not using one of the listed distributions you'll have to either find out from your distributions documentation which of the packages are compatibly or you can download the mono source and build mono from that covered in the not for the faint hearted section below . if you are not familiar with linux i would recommend trying your best to avoid the latter option as it can get messy. so, you have a linux distribution that the mono download page seems to like. great. you're in luck as this is going to be painless: - on the mono download page, click on the "packages" link beside the linux distribution that you believe to be compatible with your distribution. i simply selected the link beside suse . - this should bring you to a page which lists a lot of different packages that have been compiled and packaged for that particular linux distribution. - for the time being we are only interested in the "mono core runtime and c compiler" section in the top left. - in this section you need to click on the download link for the mono core. the exact name will vary depending on the packages link that you selected but in general it will start with "mono-core-..". i used - download this file and remember where you have saved it - when it has downloaded simply open the file and it will launch the package manager for your particular distribution. - from this point on you'll have to follow the particular installation procedure for your package manager but in general there is simply an "install package" button. click it - after a while, the mono core should be installed. congratulations if you are inquisitive, bored, or if the above instructions didn't work for your distribution then the next section runs over how to build and install from the source. in general this should be a painless procedure but as you will see, it turned out to be less then painless with the default suse .professional install that i decided to work from. when you went to the packages page you probably noticed downloads for gtk , xsp and a number of other things that the windows installer installed by default. for the time being you can ignore these. in future articles i will need you to have these packages installed but if and when the need arises, i will run through the installation process. not for the faint hearted if you have mono installed on your linux distribution at this stage then you can skip ahead to the your mono toolset section. that is, of course, unless you are interested in finding out how i spent two hours getting the source to compile. ok. so you want to compile mono from the source and then install it. no problem. this "should" be a simple process. i have configured, compiled and installed applications from the source code numerous times on linux without problem. not this time. in this section i'm going to explain to you how things "should" work from the source. i'll then show you how things worked for me when i configured, compiled and installed from mono source. here goes: - the first thing you need to do is download the source. once again, head on over to the mono download page at - in the source code section click on and download the mono runtime source usually at the very top . the one i downloaded and worked off is - once the file has been downloaded, go to a console for the remainder of the process. - i would recommend performing the rest of the process as a user with root privileges. if you have just installed linux as a standalone machine you can usually give your account root privileges by typing the sudo bash command and entering the root password. - you can decompress the downloaded file using the command tar -xvzf mono-...tar.gz where mono-...tar.gz is the name of the file you downloaded. - next, switch to the directory where the source code has been decompressed too by typing cd mono-..or cd followed by the name of the directory that you decompressed the file to if it is different from mine. - now, before we can compile the source you need to configure the make files. to do this simply type . configure -- this will take a bit of time. i am assuming here that there were no errors and that the . configure -- went ahead without issue. as you will see from my experience, which i outline below, this was not the case for the default suse .professional installation. - when the the . configure -- completes you are free to go ahead and compile and install the source. - to actually compile the mono runtime source you need to run the - finally, to install, for lack of a better word, simply run the make install command. this will deploy the compiled binaries, libraries and other bits and pieces to the correct directories. now, that is how things should work. and, if i had installed a version of suse .professional with the development tools installed, then that is what would have happened. however, as i have mentioned before, i opted for the default installation. i wanted to see how things would be for somebody who was coming from windows and was more accustomed to os installs that require the minimum of configuration. the following, rather long set of steps, is what i had to do to configure, compile and install the mono runtime source. it not that it is a complicated process. everything is actually quite simple. it's just that it can be rather daunting to someone with very little linux experience to see their initial . configure -- fail when all the documentation for the mono install tells them to do is type three commands: . configure -- then make and finally make install. i was in two minds about whether i should add my experience with the mono source as it is quite long and it might not add anything to the article. however, since i was having these issues i was sure that others would too and hopefully my experience can help you if you are faced with similar problems. feel free to skip the rest of this section if you already have mono installed. so. here's what i done, and all just for you - downloaded "mono runtime .." from - decompressed the download and then moved into the source directory. - ran the sudo bash command to give myself root privileges. . configure -- for mono. . configure -- failed as default suse install does not have the needed compilers installed. - installed compilers gcc c and it's dependencies using yast. . configure -- for mono again. . configure failed because the default install does not have bison installed. - downloaded bison from - decompressed bison download and moved into the decompressed directory. . configure for bison. . configure for bison failed because gnu m4 version . or greater is needed. - downloaded m4 from - decompressed m4 download and moved into the decompressed directory. . configure for m4... succeeded make for m4... succeeded make install for m4... succeeded . configure for bison, again... succeeded make for bison... succeeded make install for bison... succeeded . configure -- for mono for the third time. . configure failed, again, because "pkg-config" is needed and is not installed by the default suse .install. - downloaded pkg-config from - decompressed pkg-config download and moved into the decompressed directory. . configure for pkg-config... succeeded make for pkg-config... succeeded make install for pkg-config... succeeded . configure -- for mono for the fourth time - guess what?.. yep.. . configure failed again. this time because glib-. or greater was needed and was not installed by the default suse .install. - downloaded glib-..from ftp: ftp.gtk.org pub gtk v2. glib-...tar.gz. - decompressed glib-..download and moved into the decompressed directory. . configure for glib-.. . configure for glib-..failed because there was no "gettext" support in the c libraries installed in the system - downloaded gettext .from ftp: ftp.heanet.ie mirrors ftp.gnu.org gnu gnu gettext gettext-..tar.gz. - decompressed gettext .download and moved into the decompressed directory. . configure for gettext... succeeded make for gettext... make for gettext failed because there is not c compiler installed make suggests installing platform.net :rolleyes: - reconfigured gettext as there was no way i was installing platform.net just so i could install mono. . configure --disable-csharp for gettext... succeeded make for gettext, again... succeeded make install for gettext... succeeded . configure for glib-..again... succeeded make for glib-..... succeeded make install for glib-..... succeeded . configure -- for mono for the fifth time... succeeded make for mono... succeeded make install for mono... succeeded - took a well earned breather. the above set of steps that i had to go through to get the source compiled might seem a little daunting to some but to be perfectly honest it was an easy enough procedure. the main issue was the time taken. for example, the . configure for mono could take around or minutes each time. each . configure for the other items that had to be compiled and installed had similar time periods and generally speaking the make command took longer than its accompanying . configure. there was also the time spent looking for, downloading and decompressing the source files for the different items that needed to be installed. oh, and i had to actually restart suse before i could use the installed tools. your mono toolset at this stage you've either given up or you're in for the long haul. not that there is much left to do. we have mono installed and the tools that we need to compile and run c applications are ready to be used. before we start to actually write and compile applications i thought it might be a good idea to have a quick overview of some of the tools the you should have available to you at this stage. i'm not going to go into any detail on the tools as in this article, and over the rest of this series, i will explain the details of the tools as they are needed. a tool for discovering web services and for retrieving the documents that describe those services. a tool used by developers to install assemblies into the system global assembly cache gac to become part of the assemblies that are available for all applications at runtime. the mono il assembler. comparable to the microsoft ilasm.exe tool. the mono c compiler, an implementation of the ecma-334 language specification. the compiler accepts all the same command line options that the microsoft c compiler csc.exe does. a mono interpreter that allows for the execution of applications without using jit. the instructions are interpreted directly into x86 instructions. a runtime implementation of the ecma common language infrastructure. this can be used to run ecma and .net applications. a tool that allows applications to be disassembled into il. provides similar functionality to microsoft's ildasm.exe. a tool that allows you to create call graph or type hierarchy information from assemblies. a tool that allows you to view the outline of a class. you can see the signature of each member of the class. digitally sign, verify or compare, clr assemblies using strongnames. a tool for generating wsdl documents and client proxies for remoting services. a tool for generating proxy classes that can be used to access to web services. a tool that is intended to complement the xml serialization support of mono. remember, this is only a subset of the tools that are available. if you are interested in exactly what tools are available you should have a look on the mono homepage. also, when using mono on windows it would be a good idea to add the and directories to your path c: files-.. and c: files-.. on my system . this will allow you to use the above tools directly from the command line regardless of which directory you are currently working in. the proverbial "hello world anyway, fire up your favorite text editor, be it notepad on windows or joe on linux. type in the code below, or even easier, copy it from the article and paste it in. public class helloworld public static void main string args save this as helloworld.cs and get ready to witness the wonders of mono. to compile this application simply go to the command line and type mcs helloworld.cs and hit enter. note that the previous command assumes that your command prompt is working in the same directory as the helloworld.cs file and that the mono directories have been added to your path if you are using windows. if all goes well you should be presented with the "compilation succeeded" text. congratulations. you've just compiled your first c application on mono. to execute the application using mono simply type mono helloworld.exe and hit enter. you'll be greeted by the text "hello world". what you have done here is loaded the mono jit runtime which jit compiled the il code inside the helloworld.exe assembly and executed the instructions. you could have also executed the application by running mint helloworld.exe. this would have used the mono interpreter to convert all the il of the application directly to x86 instructions before executing. this is similar to using the ngen.exe application with .net. if you are running mono on windows you may have noticed that you can also execute the application by simply double clicking on it. you may not see this as being special in any way but what you have done is taken an application created with the mono c compiler and executing it on the microsoft .net runtime. more about this below in the .net and mono interoperability section. something a little more complicated hello world is the traditional first program, but in all honesty it doesn't really do much. the next example is a bit contrived but it shows a few more of the features of mono including the system.text.regularexpressions namespaces. i also know that the code is all lumped into the main method and that it should be refactored but as i said, this is just a contrived example, and not a lesson in code style. the example simply takes a string that you want to search on for and then displays the first five results that comes back. nothing major but it does show an ever so slightly more complicated example than the hello world example above. anyway, once again, fire up your favorite text editor, type in the code below or copy it from the article and paste it in. static void main string args console.write "please enter string to search google for: " ; webclient webclient ; byte response regex.matches encoding.ascii.getstring response , regex ; foreach match match in matches console.writeline "results found" ; save this file as googleexample.cs and go back to the command line. the command to compile this application is a little different to the one we used for the hello world example. this application makes use of the httputility class which is defined in the system.web.dll assembly. that means we need to reference this assembly when compiling. to do this you simply use the -r switch. this is the full command you need to type to get this application to compile: mcs googleexample.cs -r system.web.dll once again, the previous command assumes that your command prompt is working in the same directory as the googleexample.cs file and that the mono directories have been added to your path if you are using windows. as with the hello world example you can run this application from the command line using mono googleexample.exe or mint googleexample.exe - take your pick. the same compiled assembly will run on windows and linux. you can test this by compiling it on windows, copying the assembly to a linux machine and running the mono googleexample.exe command there. .net and mono interoperability i mentioned in the hello world example above that you can simply take the assembly created by the mono compiler helloworld.exe in that example , double click on it in a windows environment with .net installed, and it would execute. how exactly does that work? well, it's simple really. the mono c compiler, and the microsoft c compiler, compile code into an intermediary form known as il. when you execute an assembly the runtime interprets and executes the il code. so you can take an assembly compiled from vb.net code, or any .net language, and run it on mono and vice versa. there is however one small issue with this; mono doesn't have a complete implementation of the .net class libraries so not all of your applications can be run using mono. don't worry too much about that now as over the next few articles in this series we'll see what can and can't run and hopefully examine why. hopefully this article has shown you how to install mono and get your first mono applications up and running on windows and on linux. that's not all that much though. you'll obviously want to do more than just create simple console applications. as i've said throughout this article, this is just the first in a series of articles that i'll be writing about mono and cross platform .net development using mono. so, what's on the cards for the next article? well, i know it would probably be best to jump in a start creating cross platform gui apps but before we look at this i want to do an introduction to web application and asp.net development using mono, which is what the next article will be about; writing your first asp.net application that runs on both linux and windows. - corrected details about mono tool "mint". - updated some language mistakes and changed to install mono in the usr directory when installing from source on linux. - first posted.
__label__math	0.9034	this email was created by your name who thought you would be interested in the following article: "introduction to xmldatasource control in asp.net ." explains common properties and features of xmldatasource control in vs.net . codeproject also contains hundreds of articles, free source code samples and applications to help in your day to day programming. why not give it a try
__label__non_math	0.9996	this week's giveaways are in the mongodb and jobs discussion forums. we're giving away four copies of mongo db applied patterns and resume reviews from five year itch and have the authors reps on-line hi all i want to take a print out of my jsp page but if i use java script's window.print function it will print whole jsp page but i want to take print of some selectd portion .. can any body sugess how can i do that?? and please tell when should i ask java script related questions.
__label__math	0.9828	i have written a simple helloworld ejb. i have written a home interface,remote interface,bean class and deployment descriptor.made all these into a jar file after compiling all . then have written a client code to lookup and compiled it also.now how do i deploy my ejb on weblogic8.and how to call the method hello in the remote interface which displays helloworld.this is the first time i am doing a sample application on ejb.trying to learn.kindly help me out please. thanks,in advance nalini joined: assit the following code for jndi look up in ur client program.
__label__math	0.6915	i need to put together an architecture for an application and would appreciate any pointers you could give me. a rich client application a web version applet needs to "look like a windows application" ideally also run on non-windows platforms, e.g. mac. displays a vector image allows the user to interact with the vector image, left and right click on it, altering the image generation rules and subsequent re-drawing of the image. basically i need to capture the click event, know where the cursor was etc. the rich client application and the web applet version should have indentical functionality and be similar in appearance usability. . what is the best rich client api selection to use that would also either support or fit well with an applet version? . what is the best method for drawing vector images and then supporting interaction with the image say, left and right clicking, context menus etc for rich client and applet? . what apis will give me the closest appearance to windows, e.g. swt jface? i know these are big questions, but any help you could give would be appreciated. from what i've seen swt jface looks promising in terms of windows-like appearance, but i have no idea about applets, drawing vector images and interacting with them etc.
__label__non_math	1.0000	monday, quinton patton's wait to hear his name called in this weekend's nfl draft took longer than expected. however, his patience was rewarded by being selected by the super bowl runner-up san francisco 'ers in the fourth round. monday, the coffeyville red raven coaches were giving the offensive line some love following saturday's intrasquad scrimmage on saturday at the dick foster athletic complex. wednesday, coffeyville red raven fans may hear some familiar names get called during the nfl draft on april -. three, maybe four, maybe five, former ravens could get their named called according to draft prognosticators. friday, the iowa community college athletic conference iccac and the kansas jayhawk community college conference kjccc are pleased to announce that they have agreed, in principle, to a football scheduling agreement. friday, what makes the red raven football team's harlem shake video a classic? friday, former red raven football player michael hall passed away on feb. in kansas city, mo. hall, who had battled cancer for nearly a decade, was inducted into the coffeyville community college lettermen's hall of fame during homecoming this past october. tuesday, the coffeyville red ravens started their spring practice schedule on tuesday afternoon at veterans memorial stadium. monday, several coffeyville community college red ravens have selected their next college football destination. sunday, red raven football hall of famer dr. howard holbrooks passed away on feb. in lawrence, kan. he was . tuesday, the coffeyville red ravens were well represented on the jayhawk conference fall all-academic team. monday, current san francisco 'er and former red raven dashon goldson saw his team's rally come up just short this past sunday in super bowl xlvii. friday, the coffeyville red ravens football schedule was recently released. next season's schedule features five home games out of a nine game regular season schedule. saturday, former coffeyville community college quarterback cayden cochran was a key member of valdosta state's national championship team this past season. thursday, for the second season in a row, coffeyville community college linebacker martrell spaight was named a first team njcaa all-american. wednesday, former coffeyville community college wide receiver quinton patton was named a second team ncaa all-american by the associated press on tuesday. monday, the red ravens awarded top performers from the season at an awards banquet held at the ccc student union on november . wednesday, sophomore linebacker martrell spaight added to his long list of accolades in his coffeyville community college football career. spaight was named jayhawk defensive player of the year by league coaches. sunday, the coffeyville red ravens scored three touchdowns in the fourth quarter to cut a point deficit to points, but the hutchinson blue dragons would bounce back to win -on sunday in a region vi playoff game played in hutchinson. sunday, the coffeyville red ravens and garden city broncbusters combined for over ,300 yards on offense on saturday night in garden city as the red ravens held on for a -win. the win clinched third place in the jayhawk conference for the ravens with a -record. thursday, two former red ravens are mentioned in this week's njcaa week preview article on the njcaa web site. reggie nelson and quinton both had big games last week and the njcaa recaps their accomplishments. tuesday, the ravens won their fifth straight game of the season against dodge city on sunday, and two red ravens were honored as the verizon wireless jayhawk conference players of the week for their efforts. sunday, the coffeyville red ravens scored unanswered points on the way to a -win over the dodge city conquistadors on sunday afternoon at veterans memorial stadium. the game was postponed from saturday night due to lightning associated with heavy thunderstorms, putting a damper on coffeyville's homecoming festivities. saturday, the coffeyville community college lettermen's club inducted new members into their hall of fame during a banquet on saturday afternoon in the student union. the lettermen's club inducted the team, running back muhammad abdulqaadir, offensive lineman michael hall, and cornerback travis fisher. friday, windsor place hosted the ccc football team and cheer teams for a pep rally during homecoming week. tuesday, coffeyville red raven sophomore cornerback brandon willingham was named the verizon wireless kjccc defensive player of the week for his efforts last saturday night against highland. saturday, august saturday, august air force prep saturday, september saturday, september saturday, september saturday, october saturday, october saturday, october saturday, october
__label__non_math	1.0000	bentley avenue off merivale rd. furniture landscape antiques summer hours apr. - oct. winter hours nov. mar. used furniture follow us on linkedin the cohen and cohen retail outlet carries a dynamic selection of products ranging from architectural antiques to sea containers. some items, such as some office furniture items, steel and metal items as well as natural stone and landscape products are unused and always in stock. architectural antique and collectible goods are often previously used and are constantly changing. one of the primary business philosophies of cohens has been to recycle, our mandate is to reduce the waste that ends up in our landfills. all of our five companies practiced and have achieved the highest levels of recycling within industry. our store not only retails new furniture, but promotes the use of used, eliminating the carbon footprint from the manufacturing new products in our environment. we also have a used furniture buyback program, that enables companies and individuals to help purchase new furniture, and also enables other companies to purchase there used furniture at a discounted prices, in many cases keeping it out of our landfills. when furniture has had its end of life, and cannot be resold we will dispose of it in the most environmentally friendly way, i.e. separation of the steel from other materials for recycling. we have designed and promoted the use of used materials in four of our new buildings. the following are some of the initiatives that were instituted. great attention was taken to use recycle products, to demonstrate what can be done when the will is there to use recycled goods in new buildings. we hope that you will take the opportunity to visit our site and ask for a tour of our facilities. the cohen aim facility is the state of the art facility recycling furious and non furious metals. the site is located to the south of the furniture store and is open daily to assist in all you recycling needs please call for a guided tour of this facility.
__label__non_math	0.8895	three dollars indian head in the united states negotiated the "gadsden purchase"settlement of a boundary dispute with mexico that resulted in the u.s. acquiring what would become the southern portions of arizona and new mexico for ten million dollars. the following year commodore matthew perry embarked upon his famed expedition to re-open japan to the western world and establish trade. spreading beyond its borders in many ways, a few years earlier the united states had joined the worldwide move to uniform postage rates and printed stamps when the congressional act of authorized the first u.s. postage stamps, and set the local prepaid letter rate at five cents. this set the stage for a close connection between postal and coinage history. exactly six years later, the postage rate was reduced to three cents when new york senator daniel s. dickinson fathered legislation that simultaneously initiated coinage of the tiny silver three-cent piece as a public convenience. the large cents then in circulation were cumbersome and unpopular, and the new denomination was designed to facilitate the purchase of stamps without using the hated "coppers." this reasoning was carried a step further when the mint act of authorized a three-dollar gold coin. congress and mint director robert maskell patterson were convinced that the new coin would speed purchases of three-cent stamps by the sheet and of the silver three-cent coins in roll quantities. unfortunately, at no time during the -year span of this denomination did public demand justify these hopes. chief engraver james barton longacre chose an "indian princess" for his obverse not a native american profile, but actually a profile modeled after the greco-roman venus accroupie statue then in a philadelphia museum. longacre used this distinctive sharp-nosed profile on his gold dollar of and would employ it again on the indian head cent of . on the three-dollar coin liberty is wearing a feathered headdress of equal-sized plumes with a band bearing liberty in raised letters. she's surrounded by the inscription united states of america. such a headdress dates back to the earliest known drawings of american indians by french artist jacques le moyne du morgue's sketches of the florida timucua tribe who lived near the tragic french colony of fort caroline in . it was accepted by engravers and medalists of the day as the design shorthand for "america." longacre's reverse depicted a wreath of tobacco, wheat, corn and cotton with a plant at top bearing two conical seed masses. the original wax models of this wreath still exist on brass discs in a midwestern collection and show how meticulous longacre was in preparing his design. encircled by the wreath is the denomination dollars and the date. there are two boldly different reverse types, the small dollars appearing only in and the large dollars on coins of . many dates show bold "outlining" of letters and devices, resembling a double strike but probably the result of excessive forcing of the design punches into the die steel, causing a hint of their sloping "shoulders" to appear as part of the coin's design. the high points of the obverse design that first show wear are the cheek and hair above the eye; on the reverse, check the bow knot and leaves. a total of just over 535,000 pieces were issued along with proofs. the first coins struck were the proofs of . regular coinage began on may , and that first year saw 138,618 pieces struck at philadelphia no mintmark , ,120 at dahlonega d , and ,000 at new orleans o . these two branch mints would strike coins only in . san francisco produced the three-dollar denomination in , , and , again in , and apparently one final piece in . mintmarks are found below the wreath. every u.s. denomination boasts a number of major rarities. the three-dollar gold coinage of is studded with so many low-mintage dates that the entire series may fairly be called rare. in mint state is the most common date, followed by the , , and issues. every other date is very rare in high grade, particularly , , closed and all the san francisco issues. minuscule mintages were the rule in the later years. proof coins prior to are extremely rare and more difficult to find than the proof-only issues of open , and , but many dates are even rarer in the higher mint state grades. this is because at least some proofs were saved by well- heeled collectors while few lower-budget collectors showed any interest in higher-grade business strikes of later-date gold. counterfeits are known for many dates; any suspicious piece should be authenticated. the rarest date of all is the unique -s, of which only one example was struck for inclusion in the new mint's cornerstone. either the coin escaped, or a second was struck as a pocket piece for san francisco mint coiner j.b. harmstead. in any event, one coin showing traces of jewelry use surfaced in the numismatic market in . it was sold to prominent collector william h. woodin, and when thomas l. elder sold the woodin collection in , the coin went to baltimore's waldo c. newcomer. later owned by virgil brand, it was next sold by ted and carl brandts of ohio's celina coin co. and stack's of new york to louis c. eliasberg in for 687,500. the three-dollar denomination quietly expired in along with the gold dollar and nickel three-cent piece. america's coinage was certainly more prosaic without this odd denomination gold piece, but its future popularity with collectors would vastly outstrip the lukewarm public reception it enjoyed during its circulating life.
__label__non_math	1.0000	- enjoyed coins as a child, and just got back into it. love old u.s. coinage. - hollywood, md - family, nuismatics, economics, disc golf, poker, college football - student of economics ebay dept. southern maryland pawn brokers showing friends to of
__label__non_math	1.0000	contact coldwell banker resort realty office: coldwell banker resort realty address: sussex highway, seaford, de office phone: 302 629- fax: 302 629- about coldwell banker resort realtycoldwell banker resort realty is a full-service, locally owned and operated real estate company. we offer our clients comprehensive buying, selling, leasing, renting, and management services. from sales to vacation rentals to commercial real estate, our professional staff and team of over skilled agents, with over combined years of experience, is eager to earn your business. we serve all of sussex county through three conveniently located offices: coastal highway, rehoboth beach, sussex highway, seaford, and kings highway, lewes. our reputation speaks for itself. coldwell banker resort realty has raised the standard for real estate companies throughout sussex county and we pride ourselves on our exceptionally high customer service ratings. over of our clients recommend us to their friends and family - resort ocean - farm ranch - military markets - luxury properties - concierge services - new homes - why list with coldwell banker resort realty? we're with you every step of the way. from pricing and staging your property for sale, to negotiating your contract, to making final settlement - details are our specialty. through coldwell banker, millions of dollars are invested every year in advertising, public relations and technology designed to pre-sell coldwell banker to home buyers. whether it's online, on their phone, or in their car, coldwell banker resort realty is everywhere buyers are. we never stop moving - whether you're a seasoned buyer, real estate investor, or a first time buyer, the agents and staff at coldwell banker resort realty have the knowledge, tools and experience to simplify the home buying process for you. we can provide detailed information on most any property currently listed for sale. - for more information about buying, selling or renting real estate in southern delaware, please visit our website at its user-friendly tools and search functions were built with you in mind. it was designed to be the central point of information for all things involving real estate in sussex county, delaware. but we didn't just stop there. our bells and whistles are top-notch too. visit us online today.
__label__non_math	1.0000	volga, dallas, tx contact coldwell banker residential brokerage this is a great starter home for a first time home buyer has lots of updates. lights around the house, new cabinets, counter tops, flooring and total electric wiring replaced. can not go fha, conventional or cash buyers only. hurry it won't last
__label__non_math	1.0000	the page you are looking for may no longer be available. try using the navigation or site search to find what you need. if you think you may have uncovered a problem, please let us know about it by sending our help desk an email . return to the home page
__label__non_math	0.7695	posted years ago i found this some time ago for a friend cause she owned a motel called the flamingo. the more i looked at it though the more fascinating it was too me. the fact that this has a bubble glass design and the phone number on the sign is only two numbers makes me think that this is a very old advertising sign for the furniture company this was for. any information on this i would welcome
__label__non_math	0.9898	posted year ago wills scott shadburne wwii veteran. cartoonist illustrator for the springfield mo news-leader. scott did mainly political cartoons of the time. he has five drawings in the book truman in cartoon and caricature. i was lucky when i found these and about 192 more at a local flea mkt. i can't find out what years he was at the springfield news-leader, or really anything else about him on the net. he started signing the name shad. in later years. any further info on scott would be appreciated.
__label__non_math	0.9996	loft bed kits loft bed plans need more space? dream higher and create more space with a made in usa heavy duty custom built solid wood loft bed, bunk bed or high rise platform bed ready-to-assemble kits starting at need a nice homework study area for your children? our eco-friendly heavy duty solid spruce loft beds bunk beds are free standing, rigid and ideal for increasing space in children's bedrooms, college dorms apts., fraternity-sorority houses, church groups, bunkhouses, cottages, cabins camps. is your child's bedroom ready for a makeover? planning a bedroom makeover for your kids? make the loft bed the focal point of their room and make it a fun family project to set up, paint and decorate together. perfect for kids, tween, teen college...even adults a loft bed is an elevated bed allowing you to use the space underneath for items such as a desk, shelves, futon, dresser or computer gaming center. they are great bedroom space savers and best of all kids of all ages love them college students absolutely need them. for children in small bedrooms or multiple kids sharing a room, loft beds provide more bedroom space and everyone gets to sleep on top. loft beds with a desk make a great computer gaming center studies have shown that children with their own desk and reading area are more organized, develop better study habits and are better students throughout a kitchen table is for eating; your child's desk is for reading, studying our short desk goes the width of the bed and is perfect for reading and doing homework. our long desk goes the full length of the bed, gives you nearly the storage area and also makes a arts crafts table for that active child or a large computer gaming center. the desks are " from the floor and " deep. loft beds make a nice gift for youth, teen college students our simple yet sturdy design makes our beds popular with kids, youth, tween, teen, college students and adults. we custom build each bed to your exact specifications so our beds can use any size home or dorm mattress of any thickness and any ceiling height. all beds are heavy duty with lbs. weight capacity and have a lifetime warranty. beds are made from solid spruce tongue groove construction and wider 2x6 legs it gives our beds superior support and stability and doesn't require large corner bracing which allows for the maximum unrestricted open beds are unfinished, hand sanded and ready for or stain and are custom built to your specifications. "you just don't realize how much space you gain until you get one". kids of all ages love loft and bunk beds a bedroom makeover is a fun family project to do together lofts typically used by college students in cramped dorms and apartments have recently become very popular with teens at home. why? because they are great space savers, and best of all, kids of all ages love them. does your child need space for a desk, a nice quiet reading area or a place to store all their books and games? do your kids need more space for a play area or for sleepovers? is your toddler ready to move up to a youth bed? does your make the loft bed the focal point of their room and make it a fun family project to set up, paint and decorate together. see our and feedback for cool and creative bedroom ideas. need space? go vertical, the sky ok, ceiling is the college students, your dorm or apartment is more than a place just to sleep. it's where you study, hang out with friends and relax. with a loft bed you can make the most of every inch of space you have. look at our an example of a get a list of to other loft and bunk beds. the key to surviving college is to be organized. with a loft bed you get more space for your desk, books and a place to store all your things. you can't change the size of your room, but you can use our bed to gain more space, make it your comfortable home away from home, the place where everyone wants to hang out and to host great movie parties. see our reasons why you are going to need a loft bed for your dorm room or apartment. gain more space - get better organized become a more productive student with fast fedex shipping and ready-to-assemble kits you can quickly get more space in your place us to the competition ladders - vertical angled our loft and bunk built in vertical ladders at each end. this gives our bed extreme support and stability and allows you to climb up either end. we also have angled ladders which may be attached to the front long side or at the footboard end of the bed. the angled ladder 2x4 rungs are positioned flat giving you a larger surface for climbing up and it is much easier on your feet. the angled ladder is pre-assembled and ready to be attach to the loft or bunk bed. it may be installed either on the front long side or at the end footboard and either on the left or right. angled front ladder angled end ladder how much headroom is above underneath? we custom build each bed to your exact specifications, so it depends on your ceiling height and mattress thickness. for example, the loft bed shown on the right with the student sitting at the desk has a " mattress, " headroom underneath and " above when using an ' ceiling. the student is ' " tall and has about " of space from the top of his head to the bed slats. for more information what is the difference between the college and the home loft bed? they are the exact same bed with the difference being in the number of safety rails. college loft bed has one safety rail on the front long side and you can optionally add more safety rails. the college loft bed is for a college dorm room use only. home loft bed has multiple sets of safety rails depending on the thickness of the mattress on all four sides and follows the consumer products safety commission loft bunk bed guidelines. the home loft bed may be used in homes, apartments and do you offer finished beds or installation services? no, we do not offer painted or stained beds. all our beds are sanded except for the bed slats and ready for painting or staining by the customer. the pictures on our website showing finished beds were done by our customers and we also do not offer installation services, however you can find local painters assemblers by doing a google search or using craigslist.com. do you have any customer references? yes. and we have many customer's photos on our click to see more do-it-yourselfers you can build it using . you can order our plans on-line and immediately print them from our web site. fun family project need a cool and unique gift idea for a child or a college student? looking for a nice fun family project to do together over a weekend? loft beds for kids, boys, girls, youth, tween, teen and college students make a great gift. is your child ready for a bedroom makeover? do they need more space to store all their stuff or more room to study, read, do homework or sleepovers? our loft beds are a great gift and make a fun family project to assemble, paint and decorate together, and best of all kids of all ages love them. parents, remember that loft bed you had a college and how much space you gained, now you can do the same for your children ask any college student living in a cramped dorm or apartment what they need most and the first thing they will say is . using a loft bed is the easiest and quickest way to gain more space and get them better organized and productive. it may be delivered directly to their college or apartment. not sure of which bed is right for give us a call and we can review your hand-made in the usa we custom build each bed to your exact specifications, our beds can home or dorm mattress of any thickness and any ceiling height. design your loft with our . you can see how the loft will fit into your room by . beds are unfinished and come as a ready-to-assemble kit. takes about 1 hours. with a our lofts are one of the sturdiest on the market and will hold up to the toughest , teen or student environment. all beds come with a and sales tax inbusiness days. if you need it shipped out sooner, you may request sales tax will be added for ny state deliveries only, all other states are sales tax free. selling lofts since , verified, we are proud of our excellent customer service reputation you can also call the bbb at 716-881- and ask a representative about us. web site or phone ordering or if you need help call at 607-739- or toll free 866-739- mon - fri - et and he will help you to choose the right loft to fit your needs and process your order right over the phone. we also accept over the phone. our beds are unfinished by the customer to match any decor. our college loft beds were specifically designed to utilize your existing of any thickness. "i was thrilled to find this site i had a loft bed in college and this will be perfect for my teenage kids at home". ...tracy available in twin, full and queen widths and regular, extra long and lengths, we meet we have three leg heights; " high rise , " regular or " extra tall . we build each bed to your , so the loft bed can use any home or university supplied mattress of lofts are very sturdy and not something like you would find slapped together at ikea." ...lisa tongue groove construction gives our loft superior support and stability. the integrated ladders at both ends enable you to place the loftbed in any location while giving you full access to the front of the loft and more usable floor space. clothes towel rack is perfect for my son at college, now he has a place to hang his wet towels" ...joan "i think it is important for students to personalize their college room, especially since it is their home away from home. their room is also the place where they spend the vast majority of their time - so it needs to feel comfortable and hopefully a place where students can deb lo biondo, assistant dean residence life duke university with a loft bed, personalize your space to make your college room feel like home and the place where everyone wants to hang out customize your loft bed with items such as shelving, snack tray or anything you need. we are the only manufacturer with an " length loft, enough room to fit a large using a loft bed adds roughly square feet of living space to your room. personalize your space under the loft to store your desk, futon or tv. using two lofts in your room will give you an additional square feet of living space. it's like adding a 'x8' addition to your room to see how customers have customized their lofts. thanks again for such a great product birthday. this is our second bed from your company, and again we are very happy just got my first loft bed at age capitalize on the very small space i am given right now. nicole. into a doctor who themed bed. thank you for a wonderful bed. my daughters both love it, and it is so wonderfully sturdy i have no worries about climbing into the top bunk with my daughter and snuggling up for a story there. thanks, we assembled the bed christmas eve finish and had a huge surprise for our year old on christmas morning. he was thrilled and has thanked us for it at least a dozen times. we are also very pleased with the product and are very satisfied with the ease of installation as well as the sturdiness. we have decided you all are geniuses. thanks, stacy. we just had to let you know how happy we are with the loft bed we received just yesterday and the fantastic service from your company. every step of the process from the ordering, tracking, delivery, packaging, instructions and installation was spot on. haven't had this type of service in a long time. you are a class act my husband and i put it together this weekend and were pleasantly surprised that we didn't need marriage counseling at the end. great product; thanks we recently installed 108 of your bunkhouse bunk beds into our holiday inn resort that caters to families and college students. with all the college students here during spring break, we needed bunk beds that are heavy duty, sturdy and safe, and yours met all of our specifications and held up very well. thanks. your all-in-one sleep study loft bed. it is much more reasonable than the ,000 loft bed from pb teen. thanks amy. was so glad to find american-made, quality products. nothing in the big-name stores can compare. thanks for doing what you do just wanted to send you a great big thank you for the speedy shipment wonderful bed absolutely loves it and all the storage below than i thought it would be, so that was a bonus generation customer. i used your loft bed in college and just bought one for my year old. love that we can all climb in and read to her. totally sturdy. love it. last summer you custom made queen bunk beds for our boys. we have exceptionally tall teenage boys '", '" and '" . i asked you to provide the most head room for both of the boys who would be using the bunk bed. my husband was concerned that the bunk would seem like a monstrosity in the room. it has worked out beautifully. it functions well and it looks great. thank you so much for your help. thank you so much for sending the loft so quickly. ordered it friday and it was delivered on wednesday. we put it together using both the instructions as well as the video. love the video safe it is. thank you again for amazing service and product. regards, catharina. i want to personally thank you for one of the best experiences i've had buying online. the communication has been top notch, the shipping and order processing as fast as it could be. four days to receive a loft bed... that's pretty darn good. everyone affiliated with college loft beds should be proud to run such a wonderful company. you have fully exceeded my expectations. i would definitely buy from you again, and i will definitely recommend you to my friends and family. thanks. james. your loft bed is totally sturdy over-engineered as my husband says, but given our rough and tumble girl, i think its great, and we can all pile on her bed for stories too i ordered a loft santa did not bring her one so i can't disappoint her this year. i have to say that i am very impressed with your website and especially your . we have slanted ceilings and were able to calculate how much headroom we would get using various heights across different parts of the room. very helpful and unique approach and the loft fit perfectly. thanks. i just wanted to let you all know that your beds are everything my daughters so wonderful to have peace in our house again and i do believe we owe this to your beds. they are extremely well crafted and my girls absolutely love having the bookshelves as their headboard, thanks i just wanted to take a minute and thank you don't often have a second person to assist me in putting things together. while there were a couple of times i wished for a second pair of hands to hold something in place, i was able to easily put the entire bed together without a second person and it looks great we recently purchased a bed for our son who is going to be a college freshman in the fall. he is going to school locally, so we figured we would redo his bedroom to give it the feeling of a dorm. i have to say that i am far more impressed with the bed than i expected to be. it's amazingly sturdy and was not that difficult to assemble. his room is not large, so the bed has afforded him the opportunity to free up floor space for some seating. i have already recommended the website to a few people. great your loft is perfect for my son at college. there are many reasons why we bought it from you, but the top are: you customized to exactly what we needed, you shipped it fast and it was the best price on the internet. ps. it is also as sturdy as a rock. my son loves it. very detailed order form and . i feel well-informed and confident that i made a good decision. the quality of information on the site was one of the major deciding factors in selecting your product over those of competitors. i am very pleased with your customer service and products. since i was making a large internet purchase, i did extensive research on multiple companies. i took your advice of reviewing the the other companies and was shocked at what i found. thanks for a great product and my kids love them. your website is by far the easiest and most informative that i have seen. i was concerned about purchasing a loft due to our low ceilings. i love the fact that you customized it to fit our specifications and it looks great wonderful, exactly what i needed to make my new york city closet-sized room into a more spacious and livable space. i did an extensive comparison between you and ikea, and yours is higher quality and much much studier than the ikea loft, and the mattress fit please note: a standard twin mattress is " x " and most colleges use an extra long xl mattress which is ". the ikea loft beds are designed for european mattress sizes which are a little smaller than us sizes. it's hard to believe that my daughter's room is only x it feels huge the web site is very complete. the information e.g., to put a loft bed together, what one looks like when broken down to , the loft leg guidelines, all the , even what to buy helped convince me that this was the right to buy from. the person who talked with me by phone was extremely helpful and professional. moving to college is already stressful; thanks for making it easier. it was a fun family project to set up, paint and decorate together. my kids love it and their friends love to come over and play underneath 'the fort'. ...joann other places to find bedroom accessories find all of your dorm secure your valuables with a safe secure on-line or phone ordering we were recently featured on ask lou's segment on do i place an order? or if you need assistance call and he will help you to choose the right bed to fit your needs and take your order right over the phone. we also accept over the phone. need help more information or to order by phone call monday - friday - et all-in-one sleep study loft bed "a place to sleep, study and store your stuff" low platform bed this is a new product for us. we can make it any size from a crib mattress to queen size. it comes with an optional solid headboard or double bookshelf headboard. the platform is " high. this bed is similar to teddy duncan's bed from disney's tv show "good luck charlie". this bed can also be used as a trundle bed underneath our high rise bed. click for more information. twin 199 full 299 beds bunk beds for youth teen and college students the loft bed below shows our vertical front ladder unfinished, sanded and ready to be painted or stained by the customer. our bunkhouse bunk beds follow the consumer products safety commission guidelines and are used in kid's bedrooms, college dorms, fraternity houses, firehouses, cabins, camps and hotels. the bunk bed shown below is being used by a catering to families with children and college students. low loft bed need more space but don't want to be sleeping too high off the floor? our , also known as a low loft bed is the perfect solution for your dorm room or off-campus apartment. it is also available loft beds with desk is the perfect addition to our loft beds. it provides a nice quiet place to do homework, read and study in your own private space. we offer desks that go the width of the bed shown below and for more desktop area, the length of the bed. bedroom at home was never this organized"...mom beds with futon a loft bed with a underneath gives you more seating area for friends to visit, is perfect for having movie parties and a place for friends to sleep over. fraternity sorority houses we supply loft bunk beds to hundreds of dorms, fraternity and sorority houses across the usa. when using two lofts in your room it will give you an additional square feet of living space it's like adding an 'x8' addition to your room , and will actually make your small room "livable". how easy is it to set up? we designed it to make it very easy to set up. our available on our web site and to see a short set up video. abc-tv news report special news report about and to see how your loft or bunk bed is built. college bed lofts is a sponsor of extreme makeover home edition "thanks dr. phil. this is an awesome bed." college bed lofts was featured on a recent dr. phil show for a family in new york city. to see the show.
__label__non_math	0.9974	creature feature: american beech fagus grandifolia by emma dean, cg science editor though once believed to have a range that covered what would be the continental united states until the glacial period, american beech currently maintains a slightly lesser native geographic habitat, which is still quite impressive. american beech covers the eastern u.s. and canada from florida to quebec, as well as utah. indigenous to north america, european colonists recognized the tree as a relative of the european beech and gathered the beechnuts to extract the oil which is similar to olive oil. the beechnuts, which persist through winter, can become somewhat of a litter problem, but not the leaf litter due to the fact that after turning a lovely bronze color, the leaves stay on the tree throughout winter. as autumn ends and winter begins, the leaves become less bronze and resemble thin, curled parchment paper. due to a shallow root system, grass does not sprout beneath the tree. this is not entirely noticeable because the short trunk allows the branches to nearly touch the ground. its roots are unique, also, in that they routinely develop root suckers, which is when the root system is the site of new growth that then grows upward and out of the ground to form new branches and essentially a clone of the original tree. entire beech groves have been known to grow from the roots of a single tree. american beech is notorious for having incredibly smooth, light grey bark even as it advances in age. though not necessarily beneficial for the tree, american beech is also notorious for being a favorite for carved initials and dates which are preserved indefinitely. - american beech is a larval host as well as a nectar source for early hairstreak. - american beech is at home in the following states: alabama, arkansas, connecticut, delaware, florida, georgia, illinois, indiana, kentucky, louisiana, massachusetts, maryland, maine, michigan, minnesota, missouri, mississippi, north carolina, new hampshire, new jersey, new york, ohio, oklahoma, pennsylvania, rhode island, south carolina, tennessee, texas, utah, virginia, vermont, wisconsin, west virginia and also washington d.c. - this beech is often associated with the extinct passenger pigeon, which consumed beechnuts and roosted in its branches. - a few minor pest issues that affect american beech include powdery mildew, aphids, canker and beech bark disease. - though it has a slow growth rate, american beech will grow to a height between -feet. - the general lifespan for an american beech is 300-400 years.
__label__non_math	1.0000	picture "this kid passed out and we put toothpaste all over him then we woke him up and told him that he was brushing his teeth in his sleep. idiot believed us." picture "my roomate turned , so we got him drunk, waxed off his chest hair, and made him one big birthday card." picture "my friend zach was talking shit about he was going to stay up all night. he was messing with everyone who was went to sleep. that's him under the duct tape."
__label__non_math	1.0000	an elderly woman had three cats that she was very close to. one day, one of the three cats died. she hated to part with any of them so she buried the first one in her back yard. later on, the second one died. she buired that one near her back steps. a few years later, the third one died. she refused to bury the third one so she put it in a small satchel and carried it around... read more do you have what it takes to do standup? of course not, so post your jokes here instead. share with friend what is upick? upick is a new feature on collegehumor where you the user upload a story or picture to a category. you then vote up or down these stories as you see fit.
__label__non_math	0.9996	accreditation is a form of independent, professional certification that focuses on schools and programs in a particular field. accreditation of universities in the usa therefore assures you and your parents that the school adheres to high quality standards. which means the programs are delivered by qualified faculty and are constantly updated to follow the changes and meet the needs of the relevant industry or working world. attending an accredited school or program is often thought to make you more competitive on the job market. university accreditation in the usa takes place at different levels. at the highest level, governmental and other agencies govern and recognize the accrediting bodies. for instance, the us department of education, the council for higher education association chea and the association of specialized and professional accreditors aspa grant power to associations that oversee accreditation at the regional, institutional or program level. regional: the us department of education recognizes distinct higher educational regions, each of which is overseen by a different accrediting body. this is the type of accreditation most commonly referred to and is for a university as a whole, not for individual programs. accreditation by these regional agencies isn't automatic: this is voluntary accreditation. institutional: depending on the kind of university or college it is e.g., private, public, christian, etc. it may also be accredited by institute-type specific agencies. america's universities are extremely different in character, size, location and in the programs they offer. therefore a school may be accredited by one or more organizations. specialized: specialized accreditation focuses on specific areas of study and individual university programs. this is sometimes called professional accreditation, because it means specific programs meet the national standards for that field of study. universities in the usa cover a huge range of programs, and each institution usually has a page on its website listing both institutional and individual program accreditation. when assessing quality, international students can also look at whether a school or program has any memberships in, or endorsements by, professional associations which reflect certain standards of quality, but this is not the same as official accreditation. for instance, the american association of state colleges and universities does not accredit programs, but is a national organization committed to maintaining and promoting the quality of america's higher education system. regional accrediting agencies for universities in the usa middle states association of colleges and schools, commission on higher education new england association of schools and colleges, commission on institutions of higher education north central association of colleges and schools, the higher learning commission northwest commission on colleges and universities southern association of colleges and schools, commission on colleges western association of schools and colleges, accrediting commission for senior colleges and universities why accreditation? the goal of university accreditation in the usa is to ensure that education provided by institutions of higher education meets acceptable levels of quality. accrediting agencies have no legal control over institutions or programs; they promote certain standards and approve or renew membership of institutions that apply and meet the accreditation standards or criteria. certain licensing programs may require that you've been through a course of study with specialized accreditation, because it ensures that you have been taught by faculty qualified to teach in that field. the us secretary of education and chea each maintain and publish a list of nationally recognized accrediting agencies, and most institutions attain eligibility for federal funds by holding accredited or pre-accredited status with one of the recognized accrediting agencies. take a virtual tour of a featured campus e-tours allow students to view the facilities and student life at featured universities in the usa, giving you the opportunity to see what the university looks like, as well as facts about the campus, courses, etc. once you ve completed your tour you can read the in-depth profile to get more detailed information, or click the request free info link to request specific information such as scholarships and financial aid directly from that institution. click here to view virtual tours of featured universities in the usa request free info request free info directly from featured featured institutions want to send you more information on their to receive free information directly from the school. to see a complete list of featured schools, note: your request is sent directly to the institution and is not maintained on this website. your privacy is completely protected.
__label__non_math	1.0000	pioneers in dictionary publishing since english to french french to english suggested by daved wachsman may restless legs syn...
__label__non_math	1.0000	did you find what you were looking for? if no, what were you looking for? do you find the layout, design, colors and presentation of information attractive and pleasing? was the information adequate for your needs? how did you find out about us? would you use this online service again? what other suggestions or comments do you have include any government services that you would like to see online ? to opt in for email notifications about colorado government services, enter your email address:
__label__non_math	1.0000	priority of service is given to veterans and eligible spouses. veteran, for the sole purpose of priority of service, means a person who served at least one day in the active military, naval, or air service, and who was discharged or released under conditions other than dishonorable. active service includes full-time federal service in the national guard or a reserve component. our mission is to provide veterans and transitioning service members with the resources and services to succeed in the 21st century workforce by meeting labor-market demands with qualified veterans. click on one of the below topics related to veterans.
__label__non_math	1.0000	interpretive rules and administrative penalties the commission has the authority to issue interpretive rules and review administrative law judges' determinations regarding the amounts of administrative penalties. the commission has not issued any interpretive rules or conducted any administrative penalty reviews since its inception. all proposed rules that come before the commission are examined for any potential multimedia impacts, pollution prevention opportunities and regulatory necessity. the commission encourages all interested parties to participate in its activities and welcomes any suggestions for amendments to the hazardous waste regulations. individuals or groups can be added to the commission's mailing list for a nominal fee. your opinion is important to us. if you have comments regarding this information, or wish to have additional information included, please send your e-mail to: email
__label__non_math	1.0000	no longer a valid item you've reached the page of an invalid item. it's possible that this item is either not available for individual sale or recently ran out of stock. if you reached this page from an email special, please note that quantities are limited on our closeout and blowout items and they sell out very quickly the colorado cyclist inc
__label__non_math	0.9996	for use with low-stack, internal headset designs only available for purchase with complete bikes. headtube: - straight. steertube fork : - straight. weight: 120 g. the chris king nothreadset inset " brings king's legendary bearing quality and time-tested durability to contemporary frames with oversized headtubes. low-stack height headset builds aluminum caps around the finest stainless steel bearings and as member of the nothreadset family, retains the same -year warranty. upper and lower cups are - " inset black, silver, pewter, navy or red. for use with low-stack, internal headset designs. threadless design in - " weight: g. only available for purchase with complete bikes. please see chart for frame and fork compatibility.
__label__non_math	1.0000	average customer rating: no product reviews for use with double crankset clamp-on .8mm or " .9mm weight: g. capacity: tooth bolstered by a hardened titanium cage, shifting and trimming are fast, easy, and smooth across the entire range for both traditional and compact crankset. item code: sragbreb the colorado cyclist inc east bijou st. colorado springs, co
__label__non_math	0.9999	larentowicz: frustrating, same old story colorado rapids midfielder jeff larentowicz following -tie with chivas usa: on the feeling of tonight s loss: "it s tough. every game presents itself with an instance where we have to stand up to pressure or stand up to opportunities for the other team. tonight it came and it bit us. i think it was probably one of their only opportunities and they capitalized on it so it s difficult." on the offense: "we had some opportunities. i think dan kennedy made some good saves. the one on omar cummings is a really good save. and it s something that s happened for several weeks now where we re not putting teams away so it s frustrating. same old story."
__label__non_math	0.9645	a bachelor's degree earned in the united states usually takes a minimum of four years. degrees are earned by taking a combination of required courses which meet liberal arts distribution requirements humanities, social sciences, and natural sciences , a required number of courses in the major field of study called a "major"in the united states , and the balance of courses as electives. each course taken is assigned a value called "points" also called "credits" or "units" . to earn a bachelor's degree, one must earn a minimum of 124 points usually more and, at the same time, meet the distribution and major requirements. advisement on course selection is available in each school at the time of registration. undergraduate studies are offered in three divisions of the university. each division offers a distinct program of studies. the divisions that offer the undergraduate b.a. or b.s. degree are: college cc - study of the liberal arts and sciences leading to the b.a. degree traditionally, but not exclusively, for students just out of secondary school, usually between the ages of and . with an enrollment of approximately ,000, columbia college is the smallest college in the . fu foundation school of engineering and applied science seas - offers the b.s. degree in engineering and applied science fields. . school of general studies gs - offers the b.a. or b.s. degree to students who have had a break of a year or more in their education since high school. all other divisions of the university are graduate schools and, as such, offer degrees beyond the bachelor's degree, usually master's or doctoral degrees. master's degrees take from one to three years to earn depending on the course work and research writing requirements. ph.d. requirements may vary but usually require one to two years of course work beyond the master's degree, comprehensive examinations, a major original contribution to research in the field of study, and oral defense of one's research. the research and writing requirement can take from two to five years beyond the course work. a ph.d. candidate should plan on a minimum of four and an average of six years of study to complete the degree requirements. it is not unusual for a student to be at columbia seven or eight years to complete a doctorate. to be admitted to these schools, the applicant must have completed a degree considered in the united states to be equivalent to a u.s. bachelor's degree with a strong academic record. there are also other admissions requirements. the columbia schools and programs that offer graduate degrees are: the school of continuing education offers, in addition to its masters' degree program, opportunities for non-degree study at columbia to qualified applicants. both undergraduate and graduate level courses from the university's arts and sciences course offerings may be taken for credit. this option is particularly appropriate for international students who wish to visit at columbia for a semester or two. to qualify for an i-to be in f-student status in the u.s., students must register for at least points of credit-bearing coursework each semester. this is usually equivalent to four courses each semester. of particular interest to international students is the school of continuing education's american language program. the alp is one of the oldest english as a second language programs in the united states and offers a carefully integrated sequence of courses to students, business and professional people, and international visitors who wish to improve their command of english. there are two institutions which are affiliated with, located adjacent to, and bear the name of columbia university. they are administered separately and applications for admission must be made directly to these institutions. barnard college, columbia university an undergraduate liberal arts college for women affiliated with columbia university. for more information, write to barnard college admissions, 111 milbank, broadway, new york, ny , u.s.a. teachers college, columbia university a graduate school for students interested in education, offering only the master's and doctoral degrees. for more information, write to teachers college admissions, 146 horace mann, 551 west 120 street, new york, ny , u.s.a.
__label__non_math	0.9996	the division of pediatric oncology at columbia's college of physicians surgeons p s and the children's hospital of newyork-presbyterian have received a three-year, million grant from the pediatric cancer research foundation pcrf of irvine, california, to establish a state-of-the-art pediatric oncology research laboratory. the award will help columbia pediatric cancer researchers facilitate investigations into a number of promising research areas -- allowing them to probe the genetics, immunology, biochemistry and cellular processes of childhood lymphomas and develop exciting new diagnostic tools, preventative measures and treatment modalities for childhood cancers. "i am thrilled that pcrf has chosen us to receive such a substantial, generous award," said mitchell s. cairo, principal investigator and assistant professor of pediatrics at p s, head of the pediatric cancer research program at children's hospital of newyork-presbyterian, and director of the new laboratory. "it is a testament to both the incredible talent and dedication of our pediatric cancer specialists and to the strong partnership that my colleagues and i have been able to forge with pcrf." "pcrf is delighted to contribute to the progress that cairo and his team continue to make from bench side to bedside," says nancy franks, executive director of pcrf. "with their help, brainpower and commitment, we may very well be able to generate the kind of knowledge that can be applied directly to the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of pediatric cancer -- benefiting sick and suffering children not just in new york, but all over the united states." a renowned expert in stem cell biology, molecular oncology and experimental immunology, cairo joined the columbia staff as a full-time faculty member in march , after successful stints as director of pediatric cancer research and bone marrow transplantation at the children's hospital of orange county in irvine, california and as a professor of pediatrics, medicine, and pathology, and director of bone marrow transplantation at georgetown university. he is presently the principal investigator and chairman of several stem cell transplantation studies that use unrelated cord blood and donor stem cells to help eradicate pediatric cancers and also has substantial clinical responsibilities as director of the children's hospital of newyork-presbyterian's blood and marrow transplant and experimental therapeutics programs for children with cancer. the new ,000-square-foot laboratory will incorporate a suite of research facilities -- three interconnected laboratories and a tissue culture room -- that feature the latest, most high-tech equipment available, providing ample research space and ideal working conditions for the members of cairo's research team. the pediatric cancer research foundation pcrf was founded in to improve the care, quality of life and survival rate of children with malignant diseases. since its inception, pcrf has raised more than million to fund cutting-edge research that leads to medically sound treatment protocols for childhood cancers. pcrf is privately supported through donations from individuals, charitable foundations, and businesses that recognize the urgent need to improve treatment and find cures for pediatric cancers. despite tremendous progress in research and patient care, cancer remains the number-one killer of young people, afflicting more children under years of age each year than any other disease. in , enough children to fill two classrooms are diagnosed with cancer each school day. although survival rates are improving, one out of every 330 young people will develop cancer by age , and percent of children with cancer will die from the disease.
__label__non_math	1.0000	zagone s career day leads tigers the left-handed mu pitcher was only two outs from a no-hitter. sunday, updated a.m. cdt, saturday, to read the full article, please sign up or login. android phone and if you'd like to read more about the value of being a member, read this column from the missourian's executive editor, tom warhover.
__label__non_math	1.0000	states may get more power to fight food stamp fraud benefit cards being illegally sold for cash thursday, state's rank on list may not indicate fraud washington state ranks fifth in the nation for the highest percentage of food stamp recipients habitually seeking replacement supplemental nutrition assistance program cards. about .percent of the state s food stamp recipients have requested four or more replacement cards a year, according to the u.s. department of agriculture s food, nutrition and consumer services. but unlike other states, replacement cards in washington include recipients who have reapplied for benefits after going off food stamps, said thomas shapley, spokesman for the state department of social and health services. that throws a wrench in the state-by-state comparison, shapley said. new proposed federal rules aimed at curbing fraud would authorize states to require a formal explanation when a recipient seeks three or more replacement cards a year. we serve elderly, intellectually disabled, and homeless people who sometimes have trouble managing their cards, so requests for multiple replacements does not automatically denote fraud, said regan hopper of food, nutrition and consumer services. the card replacement rule gives states a tool to either educate and train those who may not understand how to care for or manage their cards. just as important, it helps states determine if there are other indications of potential fraud to investigate. the state formed the dshs office of fraud and accountability in march to catch and root out cases of fraud among recipients of food stamps and other public assistance benefits. since then, the office has been involved in undercover operations to expose attempts to sell public assistance benefits for cash. in one case, an undercover dshs investigator from the office of fraud and accountability posed as a potential buyer for a food stamp card a marysville woman had advertised on her facebook profile, according to a dshs news release. the investigator met her in a public parking lot in snohomish county to make the purchase, which was filmed by other dshs investigators. the woman was not named in the news release, and it was not immediately available thursday. paris achen, columbian staff writer washington food stamp recipients are ripping off the government for millions of dollars by illegally selling their benefit cards for cash sometimes even in the open, on ebay or craigslist -- and then asking the government for replacement cards. the agriculture department wants to curb the practice by giving states more power to investigate people who repeatedly claim to lose their benefit cards. it proposed new rules thursday that would allow states to demand formal explanations from people who seek replacement cards more than three times a year. those who don't comply can be denied further cards. "up to this point, the state's hands have been tied unless they absolutely suspected fraudulent activity," said kevin concannon, the department's undersecretary for food, nutrition and consumer services. overall, food stamp fraud costs taxpayers about billion program that makes up the bulk of the department's total budget for the supplemental nutrition assistance program. most fraud occurs when unscrupulous retailers allow customers to turn in their benefits cards for lesser amounts of cash. but usda officials are also concerned about people selling or trading cards in the open market, including through websites. last year, the department sent letters urging ebay and craigslist to notify customers that it's illegal to buy and sell food stamps. usda officials followed up last month, saying they are still getting complaints that people are using the websites to illegally market food stamps. both ebay and craigslist have told the government they are actively reviewing their sites for illegal activity and would take down ads offering food stamp benefits for cash. the usda also has warned facebook and twitter about the practice. south dakota, oklahoma, washington, d.c., minnesota and washington state have the highest percentage of recipients seeking four or more replacement cards during the course of a year. but usda officials said that doesn't necessarily indicate a high rate of fraud. all states are required by law to reissue lost or stolen cards to those who are eligible for benefits. wyoming, idaho, new hampshire, north carolina and alabama have the lowest percentage of households requesting four or more cards in a -month period. in north carolina, the state already issues warning letters to people who request four replacement cards in a year, letting them know that officials are monitoring them closely. dean simpson, chief of economic family services for the north carolina division of social services, said the new rules would give her state even more of a boost in curbing food stamp fraud. "i think it would help with the trafficking and let individuals know they are being observed and watched," said simpson, who oversees the state's distribution of food stamps. more than million people receive food stamps, nearly half of them children. the average monthly benefit is per person. benefit cards work like debit cards, allowing users to swipe them for food purchases at some 231,000 stores around the country that are authorized to take part in the food stamp program
__label__non_math	1.0000	hospitals crack down on workers refusing flu shots some nurses, other employees leave jobs over requirement sunday, in clark county chicago -- patients can refuse a flu shot. should doctors and nurses have that right? that is the thorny question surfacing as u.s. hospitals increasingly crack down on employees who won't get flu shots, with some workers losing their jobs over their refusal. several clark county health facilities reported in september that their vaccination rates were over percent. "where does it say that i am no longer a patient if i'm a nurse?" wondered carrie calhoun, a longtime critical care nurse at alexian brothers medical center in elk grove village, ill., who was fired last month after refusing a flu shot. hospitals' get-tougher measures coincide with an earlier-than-usual flu season hitting harder than in recent mild seasons. flu is widespread in most states, and at least children have died. most doctors and nurses do get flu shots. but in the past two months, at least hospital employees in four states have been fired for refusing, and others have resigned. in rhode island, one of three states with tough penalties behind a mandatory vaccine policy for health care workers, more than ,000 workers recently signed a petition opposing the policy, according to a labor union that has filed suit to end the regulation. why would people whose job is to protect sick patients refuse a flu shot? the reasons vary: allergies to flu vaccine, which are rare; religious objections; and skepticism about whether vaccinating health workers will protect patients. dr. carolyn bridges, associate director for adult immunization at the federal centers for disease control and prevention, says the strongest evidence is from studies in nursing homes, linking flu vaccination among health care workers with fewer patient deaths from all causes. medical ethicist art caplan says health care workers' ethical obligation to protect patients trumps their individual rights. "if you don't want to do it, you shouldn't work in that environment," said caplan, medical ethics chief at new york university. "patients should demand that their health care provider gets flu shots -- and they should ask them." for some people, flu causes only mild symptoms. but it can also lead to pneumonia, and there are thousands of hospitalizations and deaths each year. the number of deaths has varied in recent decades from about ,000 to ,000. at alexian brothers, unvaccinated workers granted exemptions must wear masks and tell patients, "i'm wearing the mask for your safety," calhoun says. peacehealth southwest medical center and the vancouver clinic have similar rules. calhoun says that's discriminatory and may make patients want to avoid "the dirty nurse" with the mask. the hospital justified its vaccination policy in an email, citing the cdc's warning that this year's flu outbreak was "expected to be among the worst in a decade" and noted that illinois has already been hit especially hard. the mandatory vaccine policy "is consistent with our health system's mission to provide the safest environment possible." according to the most recent federal data, about percent of u.s. health care workers had flu shots as of november. that's up from previous years, but the government wants percent coverage of health care workers by . starting this year, the government's centers for medicare medicaid services is requiring hospitals to report employees' flu vaccination rates as a means to boost the rates, the cdc's bridges said. eventually the data will be posted on the agency's "hospital compare" website. courts have endorsed forced vaccination laws affecting the general population during disease outbreaks, and have upheld vaccination requirements for schoolchildren. "most of the hospitals in my area are all implementing these policies," calhoun said. "this conflict could end the career i have dedicated myself to."
__label__non_math	1.0000	warriors missing starters against cavaliers tuesday, cleveland ap -- the golden state warriors are without three starters for their game against the cleveland cavaliers. guard stephen curry, center andrew bogut and forward harrison barnes are sidelined for the finale of golden state's four-game road trip. curry, who is averaging points, twisted his right ankle in the third quarter of monday night's win over toronto and didn't return. warriors coach mark jackson said he doesn't know how long curry, who has had surgery on the ankle in each of the past two offseasons, will be out. bogut, who returned monday after missing games with an injury to his left ankle, likely won't play in back-to-back games until after the all-star break. he scored points and had eight rebounds in minutes against toronto. bogut played in four games after having ankle surgery in april, but was shut down in november. he's averaging .points and .rebounds. barnes, taken with the seventh pick in the draft, injured his left knee against toronto and was still experiencing soreness tuesday. barnes, who started the first games, is averaging .points.
__label__non_math	1.0000	email this article to up to friends. just enter your friends email addresses below and click send. an email notification will be sent with a link to this article. email address : email address : email address : we do not sell, lease or distribute email addresses. back to top
__label__non_math	0.9991	contact us at firstname.lastname come2bet is the pioneer in football soccer betting competitions on the internet. it is one of the first websites, if not the first, that managed to create a live tipster community. it is our intention to continue towards this effort. at come2bet you can find football soccer match analysis, betting picks and tips, league information, tools, odds comparison, tables, stats, league information for 600 football leagues, team information, team comparisons, tipster competitions and more football soccer predictions, picks, tips and hints, forums and other ways of communicating with top tipsters. we also feature a constantly increasing in number directory with hundreds of soccer related sites. send us your comments to improve come2bet at email disclaimer: come2bet.com can not be held responsible for any debts incurred by readers as a result of advice given on come2bet.com s website. come2bet.com cannot, and will not be held responsible for any actions taken by the reader in the form of gambling, betting, or other activities related to advice given on this site. furthermore, come2bet.com cannot guarantee that information published at come2bet.com, or links to other sites from come2bet.com, is correct.
__label__non_math	1.0000	tell a friend you are not logged in. to log in. if you are not a member, sign up here registered users comedy zone at the bar a place for general humorous chats and info about anything you like. the pub quiz your place to ask questions and share answers on humorous topics. silly games and other ways to while away the time when you should be working got any funny pictures to share with us? post them here. a place to share any funny quotes you might know or have heard lately forum has new posts forum has no new posts all forums for gossamer forum v... aardvark archie's guide to rude humour like your humor a bit naughtier? aardvark archie delivers the joke shop your one-stop shop for practical jokes, humour and fun when we were kids take a trip down memory lane at relive the good old days your gateway to the world of celebrity and the rich and famous. if you fancy a flutter at the casino, stop by and pick up free money be the talk of the pub with a hilarious funny t-shirt from the comedy zone shop comedy dvd from the bbc relive all those classisc tv comedies from the bbc archives get the lastest ringtones, wallpapers and games on your mobile all photographs site design and content by the comedy zone
__label__non_math	0.9974	you make some good points, but... img "the scenario you describe - dc cancelling all its books and going reprint is a credible one. so credible that i suspect it has already been examined seriously by both marvel and dc and rejected." true. but time warner have new management, which means new thinking, and a new look at everything. "if they were that desperate to save money and they rejected the obvious option of sacking of editorial and going reprint there had to be a valid reason." marvel were more of an indepedant entity that was far more reliant on new comics for revenue. but they are hanging on for the killing they expect to make from the x-men and spiderman movies. ". the domestic publication of the new material may not make money but it underwrites the international sale of the rights. a mid-level marvel or dc title may i'm guessing here make or lose a few hundred dollars doemsticly - then the company sells the material again in or different foreign markets everywhere from south africa to poland to the phillipines to israel to brazil ." yes, but they don't neeed new material to do that - in most countries comics are far more disposable, and turnover their audiences every generation. you could keep reselling the same years worth of back catalogue for generations. in europe this is what disney do - they package up old material and keep it in print, because they know that new readers will keep coming in who have never seen it before. "as i understand it, the companies work similarly to the movie studios - if you want superman or x-men you buy a package which might include several less popular series as well." true, but you don't need to keep coming up with new series to do this - sell the rights to hawkman or silver surfer again instead. "i also think it's misleading to say that dc hasn't produced a successful media property since the''s. it depends on your definition of success. for example, warlord was optioned for a movie several times i believe and was the basis of a toy line." i think a warner suit would define success as a property that brings in large, regualr amounts of money because it has lots of merchandising potential. when was the warlord toy line? late 70s? how many non comics fans or even current fans know who warlord is, could recognise him, and would buy merchandise which is where the real money is, as i'm sure you're aware today. not many. warlord hasn't slipped into the zeitgeist, hence he is not terribly successful from a suit point of view. ""steel" may have bombed as a movie but dc probably earned a six or seven figure sum from it anyway. ditto for the human target tele-movie." correct me if i'm wrong, but warner's still paid for them. dc may have made some money, but at the cost of another division film, tv . why prop up one division at the expense of another? "remember that "success" to corporate suits doesn't mean critical or artistic success or even a completed product - it means a positive dollar return to the bottom line." i agree completely - but dc is a small fish in a very big sea at t-w, and the overall bottom line is far more important than that of one division. "half the comics on the stands today are there as prospectuses for movie and tv properties. whether they actually turn a proift from the comic is largely irrelevant provided the company's overall hit rate is acceptable." but dc's hit rate is negligible in the 90s: the batman movies, lois clark, that's about it . even when they sell their rights, they mostly get sold to warner bros or one of their subsiduaries - so t-w loses. like i said - why bother publishing comics, if you're only making money out of old stuff anyway? "one "blade" movie pays for an awful lot of comics." yet marvel are still massively in debt. every week at:
__label__non_math	0.9989	dude, what it really takes is money. and, some good investigating. when i say "investingating", i mean shop around. shop around printers. shop around retail outlets. find out what your local shops carry. and start with ashcans. very simple, very easy. don't go full blown comic book, full color and don't go into it thinking that you're going to turn the industry on it's head and make scores of money. do it because you love it, and no other reason. there are very few self publishers out there who become the success that jeff smith, pini's, dave sim or colleen doran have become. it's a fluke. talk to anybody else within the confines of this online convention, for example, and see how many are barely breaking even. it helps to have some background on printing. it helps to have some background on advertising or promotion. but the way to get started is with an ashcan. simple, easy, effective. and give them away. mail em. toss em at shops. ask retailers to put them into pull and hold boxes. but not just any pull and hold. know your target audience. you're not going to put a fantasy related comic into someone's box who buys stray bullets. you'd want to hit readers of books of magic, castle waiting, finder...that type of thing. shop around you local printers you'd be surprised the local printers can give you a good deal on something that you could send to brener or priney for example. and get the potential printer to show you samples of their work get a web site. link to others. go to conventions. talk to people. give away copies of your ashcan. get feedback. mail your product to online mags and other periodicals for reviews get feedback from your fellow creators you can do it i do timespell all by my lonesome. i have assitance with the writing, and another friend does the inking...but i'm the guy who does the advertising, production, shipping, making contacts, goes to the conventions and sell, sell, sell you'd be surprised what you can do alone, if you put your mind to it. you have the energy, it's all how far are you willing to go from there. and i wouldn't be so quick to call diamond "nazi's". first rule of buisness: never bite the hand that feeds you. if they rejected you, it was for a reason. don't be harsh...step back, use that criticism constructively. don't get offended. instead, tell yourself "well, maybe if i do this, this and this..." and then resubmit. you'd hate to put out your product and find it's only mediocre at best. dave sim put it best when he said "treat every book like it's your best work." don't settle for less. money? yep. it costs bucks. advertising. you will need to do this. an average small ad in cbg can run you -. thats a tiny ad. go bigger, get more money. csn costs a bit more. but investigate it. do ad swaps with other creators. do links with websites. talk to other periodicals about ad rates. any periodical that reviews comics is good. i spent over advertising timespell last year. and i got off easy. i paid under to do a issue print run, and that's on high quality stock. if nothing else, anyone who's ever seen my book will tell you that it's not a cheasy looking peice. you can't get that cost for that product at any of the comic book printers. not priney, not brener, not morgan. i print local. i get to go to the printer, supervise the run, i get a turnaround time of working days. then i box em and ship em. this gauruntees me overage on the run, less damaged product, and careful packing. also, i'm the only one responsible for a late product or a damaged product, so there's no hope that helped
__label__non_math	0.9968	sexy is an interesting word. when we say something is sexy, we're implying that it's nice to look at, that it inspires pleasure. it only implies those positive aspects of sex, the joy and luridness. but when you actually think about sex, there are a lot of uncomfortable feelings and confusing emotional experiences involved. we never consider these parts of sex when we call something sexy. so here's the sexy comics reality-check. the playboy , by chester brown. the shame, discomfort, loneliness, and excitement of self-discovery in one easy-to-read package . and weirdly, there is something sexy about it. initially, brown's had been weird, surreal, gonzo comix like ed the happy clown , a stream-of-consciousness bad acid trip through the crustier parts of his unfettered id. eventually, brown grew tired of unending, surreal narratives and scatological humor. he needed to do something different. inspired by the works of fellow canadians seth, joe matt, and julie doucet, he re-focused his work on autobiography. and like joe matt and doucet, he seemed totally unashamed to delve into his own sexual history. it didn't take long for him to gain a reputation as a cartoonist willing to push the boundaries of decency and portray the grotesque, as a result, yummy fur was highly controversial, often shipped in a plastic bag marked "adults only," at one point dropped by both its printer and distributor.the playboy collects issues to of yummy fur , which recounts brown's experiences as a fifteen-year-old boy in mid-1970s suburban canada, discovering sex, women, masturbation and shame through playboy magazine. it's told with remarkable, unflinching candor, leaving nothing to the imagination, never sparing the sticky visuals for bashful eyes. it's definitely not for everyone: readers with conservative attitudes towards what should and shouldn't be portrayed in comics needn't bother. narrated by a miniaturized, demonic version of brown himself, the story begins with young chester and family in church. and it's here, in church, where those first nagging thoughts of playboy and its mysterious innards begin. immediately there's a strong juxtaposition between sex perversion and family religion, a powerful but subtle dichotomy that informs each nervous experience. right after church, chester rides his bike to the store where he first spied the magazine, barely overcoming the fear, embarrassment, and shame evoked by such a public admission of sexual urges. it's a nerve-wracking ordeal, pulling that first issue down from the stands and mustering the nerve to pay the cashier, worsened by running into his parents' friends from church. it sounds like a scene from a thousand teen sex comedies, but nothing in the playboy is ever played for laughs. all of his experiences are conveyed with a stunning real-ness to them, a nauseating mix of self-loathing and fear that never brushes aside the joy of self-discovery. also important: you can buy playboy in canada when you're fifteen? and free health care? canada and xanadu are only two letters apart, that can't be a coincidence. with that first issue of playboy , chester enters a new world. it quickly becomes an obsession for him, as he buys every issue he can find, memorizes each sultry detail of the buxom nudes languishing in soft-lit sun rooms, and goes to great lengths to keep his fascination a secret from friends and family. and of course there's the masturbation. lots of it. it becomes a ritual -- cracking open a new playboy , masturbating over it literally and then hiding it, each moment heightened by the fear of discovery. chester's obsession with playboy goes on to inform his entire adult life. the constant tension, the push-and-pull between self-pleasure and self-disgust, gnaws away at him through the years. he feels completely isolated in his own sexual journey -- an effect heightened by the use of spare, floating panels over a black background -- and goes back and forth from acceptance to denial. he destroys issues only to buy them again later, over and over throughout the years. as an adult, he has difficulty relating to women, messy flesh and blood and emotions so much more complicated than the flat, glossy ones. when he does eventually get a girlfriend, during sex he can only maintain an erection by picturing the soft-eyed pinups that linger in his imagination. the real, raw truth of the playboy can be shocking, disgusting, and uncomfortable in all manner of ways. brown openly discusses topics that are supposed to be private, hidden under a facade of self-denial. eventually, the honesty with which he tells his own story overshadows the uncomfortable bits, and allows him to convey what is essentially a universal story. the particulars are different, obviously, but the roiling emotions of sexual awakening is something everyone in post-adolescence can relate to. in today's current hyper-sexualized culture, brown's story might even come off to new generations as quaint or old-fashioned: a throwback to the days when sexual initiation was a simple matter of buying a magazine. the very idea of going to a store and buying an issue of playboy seems almost laughable today. nonetheless, the playboy is a classic comic book, and shall remain so for quite a while. guilt, joy, confusion, loneliness -- these are experiences that transcend age and and gender. and in a weird, uncomfortable and simultaneously comforting way, that is sexy.
__label__non_math	0.9997	you can now filter search results with text. example: "person: john" will search only person pages for "john". if it ain't broke, don't fix it. captain marvel faces off against the lesion of doom vibe has another mission after his last 'failure.' will he do the right thing if that means putting himself at risk with amanda waller and a.r.g.u.s.? what would your bumper sticker say if your kid were a superhero?post edited: : due to forces i caint control you might not want to wake this baby wolverine and jean grays love child lol catwoman and batman - "my dad ain't no pussy your all filthy whores come on no one got that mine would say: my kid can own your kid if my kid was juggernaut, my bumper sticker would say: i love jugs use your keyboard log in to comment
__label__non_math	0.9842	because you're new to wiki editing, we sent your submission off to our moderators to check it over. most changes are approved within a few hours. we'll send an email when it is. once you've earned over points you'll be able to bypass this step and make live edits to our system. until then, gain points by continuing to edit pages. no changes were submitted, nothing was done thanks for continuing to improve the site. some of your changes are now live. however, some of your changes were sent to moderation because you do not have enough points to make those live edits. you need points to live edit the changes you commited. for the changes that went through, our robot math gave you points for this thanks for continuing to improve the site. your changes are now live. our robot math gave you points for this
__label__non_math	0.9952	sorry, but the article you are trying to view does not exist. reflections on a controversial essay and its legacy. how the justices should decide. an audacious, and wrong, argument about the american revolution. the short story for may a review of cass sunstein's simpler a review of michelle rhee's radical a review of robert h. bork's saving justice a review of peter berkowitz's constitutional conservatism a review of sonia sotomayor's my beloved world a review of bruce feiler's the secrets of happy families for once, the hype surrounding a hip writer is deserved. amy herzog breaks through. from the editor responses to robert s. wistrich's "the changing face of anti-semitism" responses to benjamin domenech's "the truth about mass shootings and gun control" responses to matthew continetti's "poseur politics in the era of obama" responses to joseph epstein's "this jewish sporting life" our joke for may we will not share your email address with anybody for any reason. no thanks.
__label__non_math	0.9723	welcome to commentslive.com you may use the image codes on any site that allows you to paste html code into your profile editor or a friends profile comments. you may also click on the facebook share button under the image to automatically share it on facebook. to find an image, use the menu to select a category. when you find the image you want, click on it to get the code. when you arrive to the image code page, you can copy and paste the code to your profile, friends comments, forum or share on facebook, twitter, tumblr, myspace and more social media sites. our free quotes, comments, graphics, pictures, images, and gifs can be shared on facebook as well as many blogs, forums and profile sites like fubar, myspace, meetme, friends r grand, tagged, hi5, orkut, divachix, tumblr and more
__label__non_math	1.0000	web search powered by yahoo i never had to pay to get into a prom. what is this?..another liberal ponzi heist. god you people know the tricks to get money. this should be a benefit to feed the hungry in shelby county rather than to fleece us for some social malcontent. geezzz want to participate in the conversation? become a subscriber today. subscribers can read and comment on any story, anytime. non-subscribers will only be able to view comments on select stories. feels like: feels like: feels like: recognizing high school students in greater memphis for academic excellence get full playoffs coverage on gogrizzlies.com get live bbq fest coverage on gomemphis.com the commercial appeal's summer camp guide. the commercial appeal is helping local non-profits. : the last hours of martin luther king jr. in memphis. get storm shield, our new weather radio app for iphone and android follow us on twitter to keep track of news as it happens. join us on facebook for news and conversation throughout the day. the best in photography from memphis and beyond. a new generation of mobile content delivery is now available what obama didn't see. the law shelters the rich and famous from taxes. introducing a new forum on faith in memphis; be a part of it ongoing coverage of the school merger debate the case against three convicted murderers who maintain their innocence the commercial appeal's free eco-friendly publication. vote for your favorites for memphis most
__label__non_math	0.9991	knoxville an espnu satellite truck will pull into a thompson-boling arena driveway early saturday and open its doors to the second half of the tennessee men's basketball season. there are no more gimmes. games against xavier and memphis a pair of perennial ncaa tournament teams preface the vols' sec opener against ole miss in days. "the lights are coming on," ut coach cuonzo martin said friday. "time to be ready." starting with xavier on saturday at p.m. cst and then next friday's showdown with memphis, national television audiences will be tuned in. the games also will be the season's final two opportunities for solid nonconference wins on ut's ncaa tournament ledger. that said, the vols will face a weaker-than-normal xavier team. the musketeers - have dropped three of their last four games. losses piled up against rival cincinnati, vanderbilt and wofford. each loss came inside the cincinnati city limits, usually a fortress for xavier. any ut fan still lamenting the absence of star forward jeronne maymon knee can look to the musketeers for solace. coach chris mack lost leading scorer tu holloway and leading rebounder kenny frease to graduation, parted ways with second-leading scorer mark lyons transfer to arizona then unexpectedly lost fourth-leading scorer dezmine wells transfer to maryland after he was expelled over a sexual assault charge that was later dismissed. as if that weren't enough, xavier lost incoming freshmen jalen reynolds and myles davis, half of mack's 14th-ranked recruiting class, to academic eligibility issues. then, for good measure, assistant coaches rasheen davis to manhattan and kareem richardson to louisville jumped ship. even with maymon's absence, the vols are a picture of stability compared to the musketeers. "they're looking to find themselves," martin said. "with the talent they have, there's no telling where they'd be if those other guys were playing." xavier can be dangerous, though. early season wins over butler and drexel stand as proof. the team is led by freshman samaj christon, who leads four double-digit scorers with .points per game. at -, criston is one of a crew of guards martin called "big, talented and extremely versatile." tennessee is riding a three-game winning streak since back-to-back losses to georgetown and virginia. ut returned to practice wednesday after a holiday break following a -victory against western carolina on dec. . of the practices since returning, martin said, "when you have that amount of time off you go back to basics back to the first two or three weeks of practice." the practices also have allowed freshman derek reese to take the next step toward playing. the -guard from orlando, fla., who underwent shoulder surgery aug. to repair a labral tear, was cleared for practice this week. according to martin, reese looked "very strong" in contact drills. asked about the potential of him making a debut appearance saturday night, martin said, "he could be out there; i wouldn't necessarily rule it out. it will depend on what the doctors say."
__label__non_math	0.9984	email sign up most popular this week - corporate win: supreme court says monsanto has 'control over product of life' - how the us turned three pacifists into violent terrorists - cornel west: obama 'is a war criminal' - in 'march toward disaster,' world hits 400 ppm milestone - revealed: how us state department 'twists arms' on monsanto's behalf today's top news missile defense: 'longest running scam' exposed in congress yesterday, representative john tierney, chair of the house national security and foreign affairs subcommittee, convened the first in a series of hearings to examine a us missile defense program that is out of control, straining relations with allies, and renewing an arms race with russia. this is the first comprehensive review of the program since - the year before republicans took control of congress - and it's long overdue. the focus yesterday was on the extent of the missile threat - as compared to other security vulnerabilities - and whether spending more than billion annually on ballistic missile defense bmd is justifiable from that perspective. in his opening statement, rep. tierney pointed out that we have spent over billion; and that the current billion per year is equal to one-third of the homeland security budget, roughly equal to the state department budget, greater than the fema budget, times greater than public diplomacy expenditures, and times greater than peace corps. dr. stephen flynn, senior fellow for national security studies at the council on foreign relations and a retired coast guard commander, testified that the "non-missile risk" - smuggling a weapon of mass destruction into the us by ship, train, truck, or private jet - is "far greater than the ballistic missile threat...." he noted that smuggling is the only realistic option for a terrorist group like al qaeda; it offers anonymity to any attacking nation and therefore protection from retaliation; seaports, borders, and overseas flights "provide a rich menu of non-missile options"; and it has greater potential to "generate cascading economic consequences by disrupting global supply chains." despite these risks, flynn said, "the combined budgets for funding all the domestic and international port of entry interdiction efforts... is equal to roughly one-half of the annual budget for developing missile defense. nowhere in the us government has there been or is there now an evaluation of whether that represents an appropriate balance....the amount of resources we dedicate to the more serious threat of cargo delivery is miniscule compared to the kinds of resources we invest in dealing with the ballistic missile threat. that's the kind of disconnect we're operating in." joseph cirincione, president of the ploughshares fund and author of bomb scare: the history and future of nuclear weapons, provided the committee with an even more pointed assessment. he recalled his past work for the house armed services committee and the national security subcommittee during the cold war. "at that time, we were not worried about a prototype iranian missile that might or might not be deployed. we were worried about ,000 soviet warheads... destroying not just our country but most likely this planet. i have known ballistic missile threats, i have researched ballistic missile threats. mr. chairman, this is not a serious ballistic missile threat that we face today.... it is limited and changing relatively slowly. there is every reason to believe that it can be addressed through measured military preparedness and aggressive diplomacy." cirincione, who organized the last serious hearings on the program as a staff member of the government operations committee, pointed out that there are fewer ballistic missiles today than -years ago; fewer hostile missiles potentially threatening the us; there are five more countries that have started medium-range missile programs but they are poorer and less technologically advanced than the countries that had long-range ballistic missile programs some years ago, and the total number of medium-range missiles has decreased by percent. "the vast majority of nations with ballistic missiles have only short-range missiles with ranges under kilometers, basically scuds," cirincione said. "this is often ignored when officials or experts cite the 'countries with ballistic missile capability.' that's true, there are approximately . but of these, have only scud-b missiles or similar. most of these are friends or allies." rep. stephen lynch asked whether the allocation of resources is proportional to the threat. "absolutely not. i believe that the ballistic missile defense program is the longest running scam in the history of the department of defense," cirincione said. "this is an enormous waste of money, and if you leave this decision to the joint chiefs they won't spend anything near what this administration is requesting. in fact, the last time the joint chiefs were asked about this in , they recommended to then-pres. clinton that we spend only .billion should be spent on efforts to intercept short-range missiles - the ones that are a real threat to our troops and allies.... we're no further along in our ability to actually hit a real ballistic missile now than we were years ago." both cirincione and flynn pointed to the disturbing fact that there is no comprehensive threat assessment comparing missile and non-missile threats to our security. "we haven't done a good threat assessment - an intelligence estimate that looks at the non-missile threat and the missile threat," flynn said. cirincione agreed. "i believe that in order for congress to judge whether these sums are necessary they need a comprehensive assessment of the ballistic missile threat. congress has never - never - gotten this kind of assessment.... we need a comprehensive threat assessment of what the most serious security threats are facing the united states, and then budget allocations based on that." steven hildreth, specialist in missile defense and nonproliferation for the congressional research service, also warned that threats about a nuclear-armed korea or iran might be exaggerated. he testified to "the importance of examining assertions concerning weapon system development and performance." hildreth noted that in years, only five countries have been able "to develop, test and field icbms armed with nuclear warheads" because "the technical, organizational, and management challenges... are daunting.... each and every aspect presents a multitude of technological challenges and hurdles to overcome that is not easily done." hildreth also said that these weapons cannot be hidden, and that they have to be tested in an "observable" way. despite these facts, hildreth said, "there have been any number of intelligence assessments and studies that predicted there would be more than five nations that could have accomplished this capability at various times in the past to years....this perspective is lacking in so many of the discussions about icbm threats today." with the administration requesting a record .billion for missile defense this year, pushing its european-based missile defense system on czech and polish citizens who want nothing to do with it, and fueling a new arms race with russia, the need to put an end to this madness is clear. the jig is up, and hopefully tierney's hearings will reveal the absolute folly at the root of the missile defense program, and return us to a sane and proven path of diplomacy and nuclear nonproliferation negotiations. katrina vanden heuvel is editor and publisher of the nation.
__label__non_math	1.0000	american association of community psychiatrists aacp advocates for quality psychiatric care in community settings the mission of the aacp is to encourage, equip, and empower community and public psychiatrists to develop and implement policies and high-quality practices that promote individual, family and community resilience and recovery. community mental health journal community mental health journal is devoted to the evaluation and improvement of public sector mental health services for people affected by severe mental disorders, serious emotional disturbances and or addictions.
__label__math	0.6828	website detail page edited by robert teese published by the rochester institute of technology this page contains a set of three short video clips of wave pulses on a slinky spring. one shows a single pulse reflected from a fixed end, the second shows two pulses passing over each other, and the third is a longitudinal pulse. livephoto physics uses high-speed dv format videography in which action may be stepped frame-by-frame, thus enabling easy use of video analysis software. the videos are -frames in length and may be viewed in step motion or real-time. position and time data may be measured and collected by using video-analysis tools. see related items on this page for a link to download free tracker video analysis software. tracker allows students to not only analyze the video in slow-motion, but also to overlay the videos with dynamical models to see how well the model matches the real world. this video is part of a larger collection of short physics videos developed by the rochester institute of technology live photo physics project. please note that this resource requires quicktime. this resource is part of a physics front topical unit. topic: wave energy unit title: types of mechanical waves a set of high-quality video clips that show wave pulses on a slinky spring. one depicts a transverse wave pulse and its reflection off an fixed end. a second shows a longitudinal pulse, and the third shows two wave pulses passing over each other. for free software tools to do computer analysis of these videos frame-by-frame, see the "tracker video analysis" item below.link to unit: compadre is beta testing citation styles disclaimer: compadre offers citation styles as a guide only. we cannot offer interpretations about citations as this is an automated procedure. please refer to the style manuals in the citation source information area for clarifications. citation source information the apa style presented is based on information from apa style.org: electronic references. the chicago style presented is based on information from examples of chicago-style documentation. the mla style presented is based on information from the mla faq. livephoto physics: wave pulse propagation on a slinky spring: is supplemented by tracker video analysis this is the web site to obtain a free download of tracker video analysis software, a tool to analyze video clips frame-by-frame and also combine the videos with computer-generated dynamical models. full instructions for use in the classroom are included.relation by caroline hall is a teaching guide for physics classroom: boundary behavior is a teaching guide for physics classroom: interference of waves know of another related resource? login to relate this resource to it. is supplemented by
__label__non_math	0.9983	the uk fitness centre market has been forecast to increase at a compound annual growth rate cagr of . over the next five years, to hit a market value of 910.million in . after a decade of expansion, the uk fitness centre market has begun to plateau. over the last five years industry revenue has increased at a cagr of . , totalling 777.million for . like the economy at large, poor performance has characterised the last few years, with a lack of consumer confidence leading to subdued performance. in , revenue contracted . , as falling disposable income and rising unemployment caused consumers to rethink non-essential spending. when at its strongest, the uk fitness centre market was driven by rising disposable income levels, increasing health-consciousness and concerns about appearance. fitness centres across the uk have signed up over .million gym members, which is about of the adult population. the uk fitness centre industry is undergoing some consolidation as it matures, with major companies undertaking several mergers and acquisitions in recent years. the entry of new low-cost gyms, such as fitspace, poses a threat to existing fitness centres, which already operate in a highly competitive environment. these budget brands are able to offer monthly rates of to , membership at a low-cost fitness centre costs about a third of that at a mid-market brand. they are able to charge lower prices as a result of lower overhead costs for staffing and maintenance. in order to keep their own base of customers and to attract new ones, mid-market brands will need to maintain as strict a regime as their members. to keep the bottom line healthy, they must ensure gym-goers consider their standard of service and facilities to be indispensable. for more information on the uk fitness centre market, see the latest research: uk fitness centre market report follow us on twitter do you need to track your competitors and customers on a continuous basis? we have the expertise to provide you with a cost-effective, fully customised competitor tracking portal, which collates data on your competitors on a continuous basis. contact us for a free consultation and demonstration. do you manage an industry specific website or blog? are you looking to monetise your web traffic further? are you a b2b website? why not offer your visitors industry specific strategic market reports and company profiles? our affiliate program enables you to provide quality content on your website and to earn money from passing on visitors to our website. cannot find what you need? we can tailor a report for you. complete the custom research form and we will provide a quote.
__label__non_math	1.0000	click a swatch below to change colors. a newer version of the flash player is required to enable the zoom feature. click here to get the current version. port authority - classic oxford. s606 a favored workplace essential, the classic oxford has proven longevity. we've taken this enduring style and crafted it from a soft, wrinkle-resistant fabric for today's fast-paced world. - -ounce, cotton poly for easy care - button-down collar - pearlized buttons - patch pocket - back pleat - button-through sleeve plackets - adjustable cuffs adult sizes: xs-4xl price starts at : . for detailed pricing, please select "add to inquiries" to view the ordering pricing grid.
__label__non_math	0.9993	at compass self storage in shelby township, michigan, we are dedicated to providing you with the best in self storage. we are located near the intersection of van dyke ave and mile road. we offer climate controlled storage in a clean, secure environment. our state-of-the-art facility also features outdoor drive up units and a variety of moving and packing supplies. whether you are moving into a new home, downsizing or even just organizing your home or garage, compass self storage in shelby township is here to help you make it easier. compass self storage in shelby township also serves utica, rochester hills, macomb, washington township and sterling heights. in addition, we provide storage services to many area housing communities, including roma valley apartments, ponderosa apartments, pebble creek apartments, oak hill apartments, the preserves, lakeside park apartments, as well as many others.
__label__non_math	0.9613	my favourite book is catch and thinking about it, i haven t read it for a while so i must dig it out. i remember reading it for the first time when i was about and laughing out loud in my bedroom so much that my sister had to come down the corridor at home and check that i wasn t having some kind of mental episode. as a child, roald dahl was always my favourite. i still feel the same mix of fascination and fear when i glance over a copy of the witches. quentin blake s illustrations are fantastic. when i was studying law, i was reading so many big fat textbooks and law cases that i didn t want to even look at a book so i was quite relieved, from a literature point of view, to leave uni and start a job where i could feel like reading was a relaxing pastime again
__label__non_math	0.9495	"your source for information about how to compost." how to compost what a good pile needs what you need extras additives what to use - or not building the pile when is it finished? more than just dirt water soil remediation a few concerns what you can do welcome to composterconnection.com, a comprehensive source of information on the making and using of compost. the connection provides first-time composters with everything they need to know to get started and be successful. experienced composters will find new techniques and detailed information on the practice and science of composting. whether you're a serious gardener with a desire for large quantities of rich, soil-enhancing compost, or a homeowner who wants to keep your yard and kitchen scraps from the landfill by turning them into nature's best soil amendment, composterconnection.com is the place for all things compost. just getting started? go to the "making compost" section listed at left for the basics. ready to jump in? visit planet natural for our complete line of composting bins and tumblers, tools and other composting supplies. in the bin, the garden, and the environmentwhen i started composting several years ago, i was like a lot of gardeners: i knew that compost was good for my garden, but i had no idea why. as i began research for this article, my questions merely multiplied. some of the claims made about compost seemed too good to be true and others made no sense at all. how could compost fight plant diseases? what did it mean to say, as so many sources do, that compost "buffered" or "balanced" soil ph levels? if compost did bind nutrients in the soil, how did it do so? lots of sources list "adds beneficial micro-organisms" under compost benefits; did it really do this, and if so, what are the benefits? and then there were the practical questions. many sources said to layer ingredients for a pile -- why? what was the simplest bin for the manually un-dexterous me that would still look good? was there any way to get out of turning a pile? if so, i wanted to know about it. what advantage was there to hot composting, other than speed? some sources said a hot pile would kill weed seeds; others said to keep weed seeds out of the pile. how hot, then, did a pile have to be, and for how long, in order to kill seeds? what about pathogens? oh, and was it possible to add too much compost to soil? in writing this article, therefore, i wanted to cover the nuts and bolts of composting as thoroughly as possible, but i also wanted to answer those questions about how compost does what it does, which meant delving into compost physics, chemistry, biology, and soil science. for those who share my insatiable curiosity, i've included most of the scientific information i came across, but in deference to those who want to get started on a pile without wading through all kinds of background information, the science is largely confined to its own sections. as it turns out, all those claims about what garden compost can achieve are true. compost suppresses soil-borne diseases? true. compost prevents nutrients from leaching out of soil? also true. so are the claims about beneficial micro-organisms, for which i feel a new and probably unrequited affection. and the claims about "balancing" soil ph, which turns out to mean that compost will help raise ph if it's low and lower it if it's high. not to mention the claims that it improves water retention in sandy soil and water drainage in clay soils. and that's just the start. author's note: if you find this site to be useful, please consider adding a link to
__label__non_math	0.9421	it s relatively easy to spice up your photos in photoshop. but how about taking it one step further? the key to success is to fix your colours and enhance them. that way you ll be sure to achieve eye-catching results - software photoshop cs - time needed .-hours okay, so you ve grasped the techniques, but you need more than that if you re to produce a range of original eye-catching work. don t underestimate the power of composition or the importance of balance. this tutorial will teach you to create stunning effects using glows, loads of colour dodge, and lots and lots of neon hot pinks and lemon yellows are prominent here. you ll also learn how to utilise white in all the right places, so that white areas look less like negative space and more like the result of added energy and light. the finer details are very important, too. the small glowing dots used throughout this image may be small, but they add so much. always pay attention to detail in anything you create simplicity is good but there are always details that, when added, make all the difference. this tutorial stresses the importance of strong colour. the background of this piece contains a faint floral pattern, which is key, but very subtle. it does not call your attention or stand out on its own. rather, it serves its purpose as a background correctly. in addition, another dimension is added using flowers and scanned imagery, giving the image a truly organic feel. so keep in mind the importance of strong colours and solid composition in all your work and you ll see instant results. open model1.tif from the support files. adjust the brightness contrast to -and , respectively. now go to filter sharpen sharpen to ensure that the whole image appears as crisp as possible. using the pen tool, draw an outline around the girl s body. do not worry about the finer details around the hair, but do make sure that you outline inside the area where her arms bend upwards. save this path and label it outline . create a new layer named colour fades. set the blending style to colour burn. select the path you made in step two and click on load path as a selection. now select a default circle-shaped brush with soft edges and make the size roughly 550. using bright pinks, yellows, greens and blues, brush lightly on the girl s skin using single clicks to add subtle colour to the shadows already present. make a new layer and label it colour fades background. again, click on load path as a selection before choosing select inverse. repeat step four, but add the soft colour to the background, mostly around the girl s body. open backgrounddesign.tif from the support files, select all and copy. go back to the main image, click on load path as a selection and then choose select inverse and then edit pasteinto. rename this layer background design . duplicate and move the background design layer until you have enough to fill the background. then merge all of these duplicated layers into one and again label it background design . finally, set the opacity to about -per cent whatever looks good to you.
__label__non_math	0.9375	in a move to make use of third-party web services development efforts, microsoft will announce a three-year alliance with emerging application developer softricity. microsoft's aim is to use softricity's softgrid platform and serverguard component to encapsulate and to priority-redirect small portions of application code without rewriting that code. the result is designed to improve the speed and management of applications running in the .net environment, said dewey forester, business development manager for the platform strategy group. "a big topic of conversation with users is application deployment and management," dewey said. " softricity can extend the value of core technologies like windows terminal servers, as well as address versioning issues like allowing different versions of windows to run on the same server at the same time." companies such as softricity have the potential to be identified with microsoft's .net initiative by delivering much-needed sophisticated management capabilities to complex corporate environments. softricity's softgrid platform has the capability of transforming dos to -bit programs running on .net and windows , , and nt. a windows xp client will be available later this year. future versions of softgrid are also expected to include a detached mode, pocketpc, and other on-demand models. the company is working to enable all types of applications from -year-old homegrown programs to the latest productivity suites, said stuart schaefer, chief technology officer of softricity. by allowing remote workers to work offline and access applications while provisioning occurs, the technology should help companies strengthen administration of licences and usage, said dan kusnetzky, vice-president of system software research at idc. "their ability to encapsulate environments and fix registries so incompatibilities don't stop people, might be seen as a godsend as customers face change in migrating to a web services .net environment," kusnetzky said. but given microsoft's various licensing restrictions, dwight davis, senior analyst at summit strategies, questioned the complex situation users might face in using a technology such as softricity's to access portions of applications such as office.
__label__non_math	0.9996	i tried malwarebytes, superantispyware, adaware, and cureit
__label__non_math	1.0000	add a category - atlantic monthly a must read - share plastic shells keep our heads from coming open, but they also deter us from riding bicycles. and riding bicycles is good for people and earth. hey you have no friends comunitee, inc.
__label__non_math	0.9999	the patient experience our commitment to redefining health care. for too long, health care has been known for poor customer service, lack of respect for the patient, and a one size fits all mentality. to change this, concentra had a bold vision: but how does a company actually reach this goal? we believe it s by fundamentally changing the way health care is provided to patients. concentra wants the patient experience to look and feel like this: the orange book to help us in our quest, we developed a guidebook for our employees, whom we call colleagues. it s divided into three sections welcoming, respectful, skillful and provides specific, common sense actions like those shown above. it also includes how-to suggestions from other colleagues and quotes from patients. we made the orange book pocket-size so colleagues could carry it with them and refer to it often. it s a little book with a big goal, but it s making a real difference as we work to redefine health care. ask our colleagues to see a copy when you re in our centers. how do we know it s making a difference? we re asking our patients. through follow-up telephone surveys, we re asking patients how their experience was, if they plan to come back, and if they d recommend us to family or friends. our ratings continue to rise, and we re confident our levels of customer service and patient care will rival the top service companies in the nation. the orange book the orange book is a little book with a big goal: to redefine the patient experience by performing welcoming, respectful, skillful actions every colleague, every day, in every location. care at concentra the orange book is our guide to great care. watch the story about alvaro in el paso and see why we call him "orange book al."
__label__non_math	0.9997	friday, october your dusty boots have trodden the weathered wood of unruly saloons all over the world. but so far, you've managed to stay on the right side of the law. well, partner, there's a new bar in town, and it's got danger written all over it. saddle up for a night at austin's new bar ilegal 609 davis street . this 1920s stone shack lit by a rusted iron candelabra serves up one thing and one thing only: ilegal mezcal. the smoky-smooth cousin of that rabble-rouser tequila comes in jicama bowls made for sipping. it's illegal in name only the brand hails from oaxaca . but what you do while under the influence? that's anyone's guess. photo: courtesy of bar ilegal thursday, october sure, elephants and lions are cool and all. but when it comes to the animal kingdom, it doesn't get much more fascinating than observing our relatives. the drama, the pathos, the hairy chests we're talking about primates, not your aunt sarah . on safari conservation company's new great ape escape, you'll get up close and personal with the primate world. starting in rwanda, you'll trek to see mountain gorillas in their natural habitat before flying to the shores of lake tanganyika in tanzania to observe chimps in the wild. the best part? with your own private plane, you avoid the hassles of airports, taxis, and charters. because no one needs that kind of monkey business on vacation. photo: courtesy of safari conservation company wednesday, october it's no surprise to see paradigm-shifting architecture in a country that spawned design titans hans wegner and arne jacobsen. and we've come to expect scandinavia to lead the way in green innovations. but we didn't see this coming. one of copenhagen's newest hotels, the glittering deconstructivist 812-room bella sky comwell, also has the world's busiest guests: 600,000 honeybees. the hotel has found the bees digs on an adjacent rooftop, from where they'll help pollinate flowers and trees in the city, making copenhagen even greener. the honey they produce can be sampled at the hotel's breakfast buffet and in its signature cocktail bella be sour a sweet spin on a whisky sour . now that's what we call buzz-worthy. photo: courtesy of bella sky comwell tuesday, october good news for new yorkers whose favorite annual celebration is repeal day december , for those taking notes : there's a new gin joint in town. subterranean cocktail spot the tippler has opened in a cavernous ,000-square-foot space hidden beneath chelsea market. it might be infused with sepia-toned nostalgia--including vaulted ceilings, original 1880s brickwork, salvaged water-tower timber, and railway tracks reclaimed from the neighboring high line--but this watering hole has none of the speakeasy snobbery of its similarly appointed compatriots. there's bud in bottles and cocktail categories like fast furious shots photo: courtesy of the tippler monday, october it's amazing what a subtle face-lift can do for the self-esteem. take the bodyholiday, an all-inclusive wellness fitness resort situated at the northwestern tip of lush st. lucia. this fall, it's proudly showing off million worth of, ahem, enhancements. social hub the clubhouse now sports a grand piazza with a blue mosaic fountain, infinity pool, and boardwalk promenade, furthering the resort's mediterranean-by-way-of-the-alhambra vibe. high-rollers can opt to stay in the swanky new penthouse suite. the stellar roster of daily activities, on the other hand, barely needed any work. you can still salute the morning with yoga, tai chi, or pilates; try your hand at archery or scuba diving a padi-certified beginner's course is one of many included offerings ; and then slough off the rigors of the day with a procollagen quartz facial at the skin clinic. in other words, full-body rejuvenation, no nipping and tucking required. photo: courtesy of the bodyholiday
__label__non_math	1.0000	posted on: at absolutely incredible - one of the best, if not the best, meal i have ever had. i assumed i would not love this place, because of my slight aversions to molecular gastronomy and multihour, dozen course dinners. alinea won me over big time. first of all the food, while often extremely unique and sometimes bizarre, was always delicious. and their focus on aromas as well as taste with incredible showmanship around the delivery of the aromas the service was perfect. professional and knowledgable to the utmost, but also relaxed and funny - especially one gentleman named marlin i think . he was a true pleasure. five stars through and through. i will be back when i am next in chicago - wild horses couldn't keep me away.
__label__non_math	0.5878	leeda's is one of my favorite accommodations in greece. it is a tranquil oasis in the the middle of an ancient olive grove. the stone houses are thoughtfully constructed, and the grounds are beautifully designed. there is a clean pool and a small beach nearby, though a car is highly recommended for exploring the islands many beautiful sandy beaches. for the independent traveler, leeda's is a real gem.
__label__non_math	0.9359	la luna gallery, chiang mai tel: 306 678 concierge.com's insider take: the walls of this large, two-story space are covered with figurative and abstract paintings by contemporary thai, malaysian, vietnamese, and burmese artists whose thoughtful work avoids schlocky romanticism. the upper level displays custom jewelry, handbags, and furniture. with asian-themed prints, photographs, notebooks, and cards stocked as well, there's art for any budget. open daily to . user reviewswrite a review been here? tell us what you think be the first to write a review of la luna gallery and share your tips with the concierge.com community.
__label__non_math	1.0000	access your trip plans, upload photos, or comment and vote on photos. you can now use your email address to login. remember me next time sign in forgot your sign-in information? join concierge.com to create trip plans, post tips and reviews, get answers to your travel questions, and upload your favorite travel photos. not a member? join now i understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to its mobile terms and conditions. create personalized postcards out of your favorite travel photos get the latest destinations picks, hot hotel lists, travel deals and blog posts automatically added to your newsreader or your personalized homepage. cond nast web sites: nutrition data hotel chatter ars technica cond nast. your california privacy rights the material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of cond nast. for more information, please contact us.
__label__non_math	1.0000	concord city council adopts plan for main street the main street advisory comittee presents their findings to the city council for a public hearing and vote; . samantha goresh monitor staff purchase photo reprints at photoextra the concord city council last night unanimously accepted recommendations from an advisory committee for the .million main street redesign project. the council s vote provides both guidance and flexibility for the project s design team, which will present final design options in the coming months. the advisory committee s report recommended reducing traffic on main street to two wide lanes, widening sidewalks and including some parallel parking if the loss of parking spaces would be limited. but funding and design details are not final. details are something that we re going to have to wrestle with in the spring, mayor jim bouley said. city engineer ed roberge told the city council that the hardest part of the project will begin today; engineers and designers must work quickly and return to the city council by march with design options, and again in may. how do we balance big and bold with fiscal responsibility will become the designers biggest challenge, roberge said. the project s schedule is dictated by the .million federal grant the city received in june to redesign blocks of concord s main street by improving safety, accessibility and economic vitality. construction is scheduled to begin next fall and be complete by . steve duprey, the advisory committee s chairman, presented the report to the council last night with committee members will delker and kerrie diers. delker said the recommendation offers flexibility to provide a truly transformative main street without losing significant parking. at the end of the nearly four-hour meeting during which the council heard from more than a dozen residents and business owners, duprey told the council that the project is based on economic vitality. he said studies and other cities experiences show that streetscape projects help cities thrive. there s nobody alive in this room that can guarantee that if we do these improvements, that our downtown will thrive, he said. but i think i can guarantee that if you do not make an investment in your downtown, you are going to see it atrophy further. the advisory committee, formally called the downtown complete streets improvement project advisory committee, was appointed in september to develop recommendations about the main street project for the city council. the -member advisory committee made up of downtown property owners, business owners, residents and city officials met twice weekly from the end of september until mid-november, when it finalized its report. the report recommends: a two-lane main street with a crossable center median; city engineer ed roberge has said the design would function as a three-lane road. both travel lanes would have arrows painted in the pavement to remind motorists to share the road with cyclists. parallel parking along one side of main street or portions of one side but only if the loss of parking spaces is limited. the committee agreed to a loss of five parking spaces between centre and pleasant streets, in addition to those that will already be lost to meet safety and accessibility regulations. meeting those regulations would lead to an automatic loss of about parking spaces between centre and pleasant streets, roberge has estimated. applying for a tax credit grant from the state s community development finance authority to fund the .million or percent that must come from the private sector. the federal grant will cover percent of the estimated cost, and the city will cover the remaining percent. establishing a special assessment district to pay for any amount not covered by tax credit grants. downtown property owners would pay off the debt over years. heating sidewalks and, if possible, the road with concord steam heat. doing construction work at night. keeping the advisory committee in place for feedback on design options as they develop. the city council heard public testimony from a number of residents last night. gerry carrier, owner of little river oriental rugs on north main street, spoke on behalf of many downtown merchants. he expressed concern about a loss of parking spaces and a lengthy construction period but said most merchants he knows support the project. the merchants are supportive of the report as written and see this as an opportunity to resolve many issues that exist in the downtown, carrier said. richard kelly, who owns concord barbershop on north state street, said his business has suffered from the north state street construction. i guess i just want to warn the business owners downtown because i think they re crazy, kelly said. some residents spoke in opposition to the project. jim baer told the committee he believes the project should not reduce parking and should not be done under poor economic conditions. when all of the smoke and mirrors clear, we find out that the real driving force of this project is money yours and mine, baer said. the city s successful federal grant application was based on a re-thinking main street report by two nonprofit groups. that report, by now-defunct concord and main street concord, now called intown concord, was the starting point for the advisory committee s work. the council heard support for the project last night from tonya rochette, president of intown concord s board of directors, as well as tim sink, president of the greater concord chamber of commerce. residents last night also addressed the issue of accessibility on main street. sheila zakre, a concord attorney who identified herself as legally blind, said she thinks the advisory committee should have included an adult with a disability. richard cohen, executive director of the disabilities rights center, said the committee s recommendation about accessibility was too general. the committee discussed, but did not ultimately recommend, that all storefronts be made handicapped accessible during the project. steps are currently required to enter some downtown businesses. cohen said accessible sidewalks and storefronts would contribute to the city s goal of creating a complete street. it also addressees an obligation on the part of many merchants, he said, referring to the americans with disabilities act. the disabilities rights center filed a lawsuit last year asking that phenix hall on north main street be made handicapped accessible. mark ciborowski, whose family owns the building, was a member of the advisory committee and abstained on votes regarding accessibility issues. several residents spoke about downtown parking, an issue that the advisory committee debated at length. bouley said the city will look at both short-term and long-term ways to address parking as the project moves forward. at-large city councilor dan st. hilaire, who was a member of the advisory committee, assured the city council that the committee s work was thorough and that the city staff members like roberge understand the committee s recommendations. i think they got a sense for what the community wants out of this project, st. hilaire said.
__label__non_math	0.9968	will the decline in unit labor cost in europe's troubled economies help improve competitiveness? as europe s sovereign debt crisis continues to stunt economic growth in the region, unit labor costs ulcs are changing amid growing signs that the restructuring underway in the most troubled national economies may be having a positive effect. will the blood, sweat, and tears poured into reforming the economy pay off? if you are not a member and would like a copy, please call customer service at 212 339 hours: a.m.-p.m. et monday-friday or e-mail at firstname.lastname
__label__non_math	0.9824	-jun- -- i belong to rotary international, an organization of .million members dedicated to community service throughout the world. when i heard that ri would celebrate its 100th anniversary this year with a convention in chicago, illinois, i knew it was time for a road trip. of course, a confluence visit would be required somewhere along the way. i contacted fellow rotarian and confluence hunter bill fee to join me and plan the route. we decided to make a stop in meade, kansas, where bill s grandfather had practiced medicine in the early 20th century. i was pleased to find that 37n 101w was nearby and unvisited since . in this part of the world, everywhere you look there are wheat fields and i was not surprised to hear that the state of kansas is the largest producer of wheat in the us, averaging billion pounds .million metric tons per year. this is about of the nation s output; about half of it is exported. another industry here is beef processing and there is a large plant in nearby liberal, kansas. the name liberal is not related to politics, but was derived from the town founder s practice of giving free water to passing travelers in the s. in liberal you can see a replica of dorothy s house from the wizard of oz and visit the fifth largest air museum in the us. after a long day s drive we arrived at the confluence site which is located just 354 meters wnw of where us highway crosses the oklahoma kansas border. we were immediately joined by hordes of mosquitoes looking for an evening meal. we beat a hasty retreat to the car and then to meade, where we bought some insect repellant and spent the night. we returned to the confluence the next morning, took the cardinal photos and admired the prairie wildflowers. back in meade, we visited the historical museum, where they have a display of medical items donated by bill s grandfather. we reached chicago three days later, where we were joined at mccormick place by ,000 rotarians from 167 countries. we heard about rotary s progress in eradicating polio, providing clean water and improving literacy throughout the world. it is a privilege to be a part of this organization, because it allows bill and me to be involved in solving the world s problems. check out for more info.
__label__non_math	0.9998	a couple of weeks ago dozens of volunteers fanned out across fairfax county and falls church city to interview those who are living under bridges and in the woods because they are homeless. as difficult as the task was to find the homeless, 462 individuals were surveyed. the purpose of the activity, which is part of the 100,000 homes national campaign was to identify the most vulnerable persons through a process called registry week. as a result of this effort we now know who the homeless are, and we know more about them in terms of their health and needs. such information will allow the agencies and organizations doing work on behalf of the homeless to prioritize those most in need of housing and other services. i attended a community debriefing last week and heard team members talk about their very moving experiences in meeting the homeless where they sleep and getting to know more about them. nearly a fourth of the homeless interviewed were between the ages of and years old. a little over a fourth were years or older. forty-two percent were working full or part-time. as the 100,000 homes campaign points out, medical research has highlighted several health and social conditions that make people more likely to die on the street. of those interviewed in fairfax, 105, or percent, have permanent physical disabilities that limit their mobility. eighty individuals, or percent, have had serious brain injury or head trauma. of those surveyed, 165, or percent, are mentally ill. using the survey indicators, that means there are 107 individuals or nearly a quarter of those interviewed who are at risk of mortality because they are homeless. lack of affordable housing is the main cause of homelessness. the majority of people without homes in our community are children and working families who face both low incomes and expensive housing. it is impossible to pay for an apartment when earning minimum wage even if you work hours per day, days a week. monthly rent for a typical one-bedroom apartment is .an hour to afford a one-bedroom apartment. eighty-two percent of homeless families earn less than .an hour. tied to the inability to afford housing is the statistic that close to percent of persons in families are homeless due to incidents of domestic violence. this registry is the first of its kind for fairfax county, putting a real face on homelessness. the government agencies and community partners like facets and reston interfaith are now at work to house the most vulnerable. the goal is to move 150 of the most vulnerable homeless into homes within three years. it is important for the community at large to become engaged in helping to meet the goal. continue your support and increase it if you can of reston interfaith, facets and other community organizations working with the homeless or donate at
__label__non_math	0.9997	stafford, united kingdom, 16th may our valued partner qts exhibited at the bsa annual conference at the harrogate international centre on the 8th and 9th of may. the conference played host to over 500 delegates from building societies across the uk and is the industry s biggest annual event. stafford, united kingdom, 15th january you may or may not know this but alongside our partner s systemation, we took the decision to sponsor team american power in the scan covery trial . details of this event can be found in my last article. stafford, united kingdom, 8th january connexica, in collaboration with its dutch partner systemation have sponsored team american power team34 as they prepare to do battle with the incredibly harsh conditions that the scan covery trial intends to throw at them. with temperatures set to drop to minus c and teams scheduled to drive over kilometres ploughing through snow and ice, it is safe to say that teams competing must make sure their cars are extremely durable. on friday 12th october connexica hosted its first ever cxair conference at the national motorcycle museum in birmingham. the museum, situated just off the m42 and located next to birmingham international airport was the prime location for delegates to travel to. the museum itself boasts the world s largest collection of british motorcycles, which covers over a century of motorcycle manufacturing. stafford, united kingdom, 2nd august connexica, a leading provider of next generation business intelligence solution cxair, today announced that it has entered into a partnership agreement with migrationware, the specialists in modernization projects. stafford, united kingdom, 20th february connexica, a leading provider of next generation business intelligence solution cxair, today announced that it has entered into a partnership agreement with business performance 2020bp , a key supplier of information technology, energy efficiency and telecoms solutions. stafford, united kingdom, 20th october leading cloud computing vendors, the 848 group have signed an agreement to integrate connexica s business intelligence application, cxair, into its growing portfolio of cloud solutions. through the partnership, the 848 group will provide implementation, support and consultancy for cxair within the cloud, alongside their existing communication, collaboration, enterprise resource planning erp , and customer relationship management crm solutions. cxair from connexica which was previously ardentia search is a bi tool specifically designed to support queries that span both structured and unstructured data, though it can equally well handle either one or the other on its own. it uses indexing as in search-based indexing not database indexing to extract structure from text, spreadsheets and so on and to support queries against that structure. most companies exploring the use of big data for business intelligence purposes do not simply want to analyse unstructured data, they also want to combine the results of that analysis with relevant structured data. they want their analytics to span all sorts of data, which we may refer to as hybrid data. business intelligence bi technology holds out much promise, but experience would tend to indicate that it can be difficult to use, requiring specialist skill and imposing considerable latency between need and information delivery. connexica addresses these issues for many business needs and the ease-of-use has to be seen to be appreciated. connexica offers something very different to the traditional and often arcane bi toolset. martin butler research
__label__non_math	0.9050	swifte wrote:sounds fun i'm in appears games will have no round limit? , this would help in case of das schloss or hive or something like that i don't really like the round limit --if a game is over it is just as easy to drop and go. if a game is close and someone wins because of a round limit that kind of sucks. i think rounds could be ok though--i will look for input on this matter and go with the majority we are what we repeatedly do. excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
__label__non_math	0.9996	in the american electoral system, a primary election is an election that determines the nominee for each political party, who then competes for the office in the general election. a presidential primary is a state election that picks the delegates committed to nominate particular candidates for president of the united states. a presidential caucus, as in iowa, requires voters to meet together for several hours in face-to-face meetings that select county delegates, who eventually pick the delegates to the national convention. no other country uses primaries; they choose their candidates in party conventions. primaries were introduced in the progressive era in the early 20th century to weaken the power of bosses and make the system more democratic. in presidential elections, they became important starting in , when the first-in-the-nation new hampshire primary helped give dwight d. eisenhower the republican nomination, and knocked harry s. truman out of the democratic race because of his poor showing. in , lyndon b. johnson ended his reelection campaign after doing poorly in new hampshire. after , both parties changed their rules to emphasize presidential primaries, although some states still use the caucus system. in recent decades, new hampshire holds the first primary a few days after iowa holds the first caucus. that gives these two states enormous leverage, as the candidates and the media focus there. new hampshire and iowa receive about half of all the media attention given all primaries. the primary allows voters to choose between different candidates of the some political parties, perhaps representing different wings of the party. for example, a republican primary may choose between a range of candidates from moderate to conservative. gallup's polling data indicated a trend in primary elections towards more conservative candidates, despite the more liberal result in the general election. in recent years the primary seasons has come earlier and earlier, as states move up to earlier dates in the hope it will give them more leverage. for example, barry goldwater won the nomination because he won the last primary in california. the logic is faulty--in highly contested races the later primaries have more leverage. thus in california gave up its traditional last-in-the-nation role and joined other states on super tuesday. neither the candidates not the voters paid it much attention. michigan and florida moved up their primaries in defiance of national democratic party rules and were penalized. the result is the primary season is extended, and is far more expensive, and no state gets an advantage--except for iowa and new hampshire, which now have dates in early january. in late the two national parties are meeting to find a common solution. - duncan, dayton. grass roots: one year in the life of the new hampshire presidential primary 436 pages; on campaign - johnson, haynes, and dan balz. the battle for america : the story of an extraordinary election , excellent history of primaries - kamarck, elaine c. primary politics: how presidential candidates have shaped the modern nominating system excerpt and text search
__label__non_math	0.9938	privilege for a private corporation the florida constitution prohibits the legislature from granting a privilege to a private corporation. "there shall be no special law or general law of local application pertaining to ... private incorporation or grant of privilege to a private corporation." article iii, section a . this has a conceptual similarity to rules in some states against government taking private property from one to give to another. the virginia constitution has a similar prohibition against granting a privilege to a private corporation.
__label__non_math	0.9999	conservation international s ci internship sponsored by the trott family foundation seeks students interested in gaining career skills in the non-profit sector. as a leader in conservation, local capacity-building, and partnership work, conservation international offers a unique learning platform and environment for interns to gain real-world, practical experience. we believe that developing emerging talent is an important way for ci to invest in the future and to sustain conservation goals for the benefit of humanity. our internships are designed for committed individuals who want to serve the organization in a field and discipline needed to successfully advance our mission. we provide opportunities for future professionals and leaders to become familiar with our mission, strategy, and values and expose students to the business and management of an ngo, field work and research, and partnerships. for more information, please visit conservation international at coordination of territorial ot technical management of ci-peru contributes to the management of geographic and thematic information to facilitate planning and land management in different areas of the country. we are currently working on a conservation initiative in the alto mayo protected forest, san martin region, reason for which is developing a baseline of geographic, biological and socio-economic area and will contribute to better management. the objectives of the internship would be the following: - assist in maintenance of geographic information system gis office in lima, peru ci. - support the implementation of the baseline mapping, biological and socioeconomic alto mayo initiative based on the development of a gis. - preparation and updating of project maps and related areas. - assist in other tasks assigned coordination. the objectives are the internship will be to: - apply knowledge, skills and abilities by performing in a real work situation. - learn to use gis software to enter, edit and analyze data subject. - become trained in the development of databases to generate information. the headquarters of the internship is the city of lima, in the office of conservation international peru, with a field trip to the alto mayo in the region of san martin. - working towards an undergraduate degree in geography or related field - knowledge of geographic information systems - office - experience working with databases - remote sensing experience to apply for this position, send a cv and cover letter to email
__label__non_math	0.9997	yet another major wall street analyst is predicting that the us government will lose the aaa rating on its bonds in the near future. new york reuters - technical analyst robert prechter on monday said he sees the united states losing its top aaa credit rating by the end of , as he stuck by a deeply bearish outlook on the u.s. economy and stock market. prechter, known for predicting the stock market crash, joins a growing coterie of market heavyweights in forecasting the united states will lose its top credit rating as the government issues trillions of dollars in debt to fund efforts to bail out the economy. fears about the long-term vulnerability of the prized u.s. credit rating came to the fore after standard poor's in may lowered its outlook on britain, threatening the uk's top aaa rating. that move raised fears that the united states could face a similar risk, with the hefty amounts of government debt issued in both countries to pay for financial rescues causing budget deficits to swell. ... in the end, this shouldn't surprise anyone. it's really all about simple math. current debt, plus recent deficits, plus obama's anticipated deficits equals an unsustainable obligation that will eat up a tremendous portion of our annual gdp, cause massive tax increases, further weaken the economy and, possibly, result in government default at some point to our bond holders. and if people like us can figure this out, you know that the people and governments that usually buy up these bonds know it too. which means it won't be long before they stop "buying" what our government is selling, which explains why the chinese laughed at our treasury secretary recently when he assured them we were getting our fiscal house in order. it's a joke. any everyone knows it.
__label__non_math	0.9999	huffington laughably claims rush limbaugh "almost devoid of commercials on thursday" as per "media matters" bls note: wow the huffington post the overwhelming exodus of advertisers from rush limbaugh's show has big-name companies rethinking their relationship with talk radio. according to a memo published by the industry website radio-info.com, at least advertisers -- including big names like ford, gm and mcdonald's -- have indicated they want to avoid "environments likely to stir negative sentiments." here's an excerpt of the memo, as published on radio-info.com: "to all traffic managers: the information below applies to your premiere radio networks commercial inventory. more than 350 different advertisers sponsor the programs and services provided to your station on a barter basis. like advertisers that purchase commercials on your radio station from your sales staff, our sponsors communicate specific rotations, daypart preferences and advertising environments they prefer they ve specifically asked that you schedule their commercials in dayparts or programs free of content that you know are deemed to be offensive or controversial for example, mark levin, rush limbaugh, tom leykis, michael savage, glenn beck, sean hannity . those are defined as environments likely to stir negative sentiment from a very small percentage of the listening public." sponsors began abandoning limbaugh's show en masse after he made offensive comments about sandra fluke, calling the law student a slut for her testimony in support of president barack obama's birth control mandate, and suggesting she should make sex tapes if she wants birth control covered by insurance. by last count, at least sponsors had pulled their support from limbaugh's show, including aol, the huffington post's parent company. on thursday, limbaugh's program was practically devoid of paid advertisements, according to reports. of the spots that aired, were "free public service announcements donated by the ad council." seven ads were from companies "in the process of pulling their spots." media matters is tracking the companies still advertising on limbaugh's show. after intense backlash, the radio host offered a rare apology for his comments, saying he was "sincerely" sorry about his "insulting" characterization of fluke. his apology was rejected by fluke. "i don't think that a statement like this, issued saying that his choice of words was not the best, changes anything," fluke said during an appearance on abc's "the view." "especially when that statement is issued when he's under significant pressure from his sponsors, who have begun to pull support from his show." fluke, who received a supportive phone call from president obama, has retained a calm demeanor while being thrust into the national spotlight as the face of the contraception coverage debate. many in the republican party are still trying to overturn the mandate, which requires insurance companies to cover birth control at no cost to the consumer. after the blunt amendment -- which would have overridden the contraception coverage rule -- was defeated in the senate, house speaker john boehner r-ohio promised to continue the fight in the house. on international women's day, all democratic women senators sent a letter to boehner, asking him to abandon those plans, saying the legislation would "turn the clock back on women's access to health care." more from huffington
__label__non_math	0.9985	why dont you use this one? it's the one you usually use, isnt it? greetings and salutations my fine anglo-saxon friend. : welcome to a small island of sanity - painted liberally with insanity - in a larger sea of internet bullshit. :d don't mind goatboy he's got a bit of an identity crisis going. . . . . not uncommon when you live in the south and your mother is also your grandmother . . . . . it's leisure suit larry...cold warrior's favourite avatar.what is that? is it from 'aladdin'? i usually hate those disney cartoons. welcome aboard cf and greetings from the nexus of the universe. btw, have you ever visited the us? hi there, i take it from your screen name that you are a gooner like our late member crystal wizard. but on the chance you are legit, welcome and don't be put off by some initial suspicion.
__label__non_math	0.9998	curbs imposed on muslims in western china during ramadan beijing local governments in a muslim desert region in western china have imposed strict limits on religious practices during the traditional muslim fasting month of ramadan, which began last week, according to the web sites of four of those governments. the rules include prohibiting women from wearing veils and men from growing beards, as well as barring government officials from observing ramadan. one town, yingmaili, requires that local officials check up on mosques at least twice a week during ramadan. the local governments administer areas in the western part of xinjiang, a vast autonomous region that is home to the uighurs, a muslim turkic people who often chafe under rule by the ethnic han chinese. in august, a wave of attacks swept through xinjiang, the largest surge of violence in the region in years. some local officials blamed separatist groups for the instability, and the central government sent security forces to the area. the limits on religious practices put in place by local governments appear to be part of the broader security crackdown. the areas affected by the new rules are near kuqa, a town struck by multiple bombings on aug. . it was unclear whether the rules would be relaxed after ramadan, an observance that some islamic extremists have used elsewhere as a symbolic backdrop for attacks on their perceived enemies. it was also unclear how the chinese authorities intended to enforce the rules, which appeared to run the risk of antagonizing devout muslims who present no obvious security threat. the web site of the town of yingmaili lists nine rules put in place to maintain stability during ramadan. they include barring teachers and students from observing ramadan, prohibiting retired government officials from entering mosques and requiring men to shave off beards and women to doff veils. mosques cannot let people from outside of town stay overnight and restaurants must maintain normal hours of business. because of the sunrise-to-sunset fasting, many restaurants would normally close during daytime for ramadan.
__label__non_math	1.0000	small group leadersleader training - sunday, september , - lunch provided be a part of what god is doing in the lives of middle school students fusion leaderscome serve sundays a month at our sunday morning worship service. we need help greeting students at our welcome table as well as interacting with them during service. fusion bandwe are looking for a team of adults to lead worship at our middle school worship service at on sunday mornings starting in fall . we are looking for guitar, bass, keyboard, drums and singers to play or sing twice a month. you will be working with our middle school worship leader. there will be opportunity to play alongside middle school musicians as well. meal helpersduring the year we have many events that require help with food preparation and serving. sometimes these are student events and sometimes leader events. you can be placed on a contact list to be notified when needs arise. audio visual volunteerseach sunday and occasional wednesday evenings we need assistance with running the sound board as well as running other media. videographerwe are looking for someone to shoot special videos and edit them for msm. team leaderswe are looking for adult leaders for help run middle school ministries student teams such as prayer team, welcome team and video team. depending on the team, the commitment times vary. you would be enabling students to use their ministry gifts at a young age to get more information about any of these opportunities, contact cindy jones.
__label__non_math	0.9994	"pushing the boundaries of constructivism: collaborating across theories, applications, and methods" opening session star wars crawl site last updated july michael bamberg, hubert hermans, ellyn jay efran, scott johnson, larry leitner, sheila mcnamee, spencer mcwilliams, robert neimeyer, j rn beverly walker, bill warren, david winter constructivist-influenced theories have been used in multiple ways in psychology, other social sciences, and the humanities. the goal of this congress is to bring together incorporating one or more modes of constructivist thought into research, theory, scholarship, and professional practice. the congress was held at the john hancock hotel conference center in the heart of boston. accommodations and congress sessions were in one convenient and affordable location narrative psychology, and science can be found on the psychology network website. educational videos are readily available. jack s. kahn congress jonathan d. raskin program chair
__label__non_math	0.9937	products found in terms of ecologically friendly flooring, bamboo is one of the top contenders. not only is bamboo flooring made from totally renewable resources, but it also is available in a wide variety of design options. for those who desire the look of hardwood flooring but are concerned about the environmental consequences of harvesting trees, bamboo offers the perfect solution. while bamboo is not technically wood flooring, its appearance is close enough to fool even the most discerning eye. why is bamboo flooring considered environmentally friendly? although bamboo is actually a type of grass, it is harder than red oak. it reaches full maturity in just to years rather than several decades and re-growth appears naturally without the need for replanting. harvesting bamboo is actually somewhat required because it is so hardy that leaving it to its own devices would put a strain on the environment. it would be a terrible shame to waste the harvested material, so people have designed many ways to put it to good use from thatched roofs to flooring material. bamboo also has no requirements for irrigation, fertilizers, or pesticides when grown in its natural environment. bamboo is naturally resistant to insects and pests. the lack of need for harsh chemicals during its growth only does more to keep the carbon footprint down. how is bamboo flooring manufactured? there are several steps involved in creating a material suitable for flooring from bamboo. upon harvest, the bamboo is boiled to remove its natural starches and moisture which could become a wonderful environment for termites if not remedied. the outer skin is then removed and the stalk is cut into strips for flooring. these strips are then boiled again to make them even harder or carbonized; the longer the carbonation process, the darker the color of the final product. when the strips are ready they are formed into flooring either by gluing strips together or gluing a single layer of bamboo strips on top of another solid surface, resulting in either solid bamboo flooring or engineered bamboo flooring respectively. the flooring also goes through other processes to strengthen it further by applying laminate materials to increase scratch resistance. what are the design options with bamboo flooring? - bamboo flooring is available in widths ranging from inches to inches and thicknesses of inches and inches. - finish options for bamboo flooring are available from unfinished and natural from the fsc unfinished bamboo collection to nearly black and a choice of either horizontal or vertical graining as found in the fsc designer collection. - the two edge types of bamboo flooring are micro-beveled edges and square edges. bamboo is also available in floating floor styles and nail or glue down styles. how durable is bamboo flooring? bamboo is naturally hard and durable, and the process it goes through during the manufacture of flooring only increases this strength. while one should avoid sliding furniture across the floor or allowing water to stand, bamboo flooring will do well in most any low moisture room. bamboo flooring from the ecobamboo collection to the fsc prestige collection will be an investment in beauty and durability that is sure to add value to any home with minimal environmental impact.
__label__non_math	0.9991	continental audi of naperville is an authorized dealer and installer of stasis performance items for audi vehicles. stasis engineering is dedicated to providing automotive performance distinction to the mainstream automobile consumer. stasis specializes in performance-enhancing brake, suspension, driveline and engine products leveraging race-bred technologies from in house motorsports experience and top-tier race manufacturers. enhance your audi's performance without giving up your warranty the outstanding performance enhancements of the stasis products are covered by a comprehensive warranty. stasis products purchased and installed by a certified audi dealer are covered by a -year ,000-mile warranty integrated seamlessly with the standard factory warranty. the stasis warranty is the only factory-level warranty in the industry. for more information, visit online at featured stasis upgrades the entire stasis portfolio includes high-performance parts for audi r8, tt, s5, s4, q5, a6, a5, a4 and a3 models. see the links below for more information. click to learn about specific model enhancements
__label__non_math	0.9997	the black keys, the zac brown band and the grateful dead spin-off furthur will help launch a major new music festival in the bay area this spring. in all, the inaugural bottlerock napa valley is scheduled to feature more than artists on multiple stages may -in downtown napa. other top-name acts scheduled to appear during the four-day festival include the shins, the black crowes, ben harper, edward sharpe and the magnetic zeros, alabama shakes and primus. talk about an ambitious year one bill. "the lineup speaks for itself," says bottlerock co-founder gabriel meyers. "we don't have much hip-hop or electronic music. "this is rock 'n' roll in the garden of eden napa valley." "in about a one mile radius, there is about 100 restaurants and tasting rooms," meyers says. "it's a killer festival for connoisseurs." festival doors will open each day at noon, with the tunes running from p.m. until well into the evening. the event will also comedic acts as well as culinary and wine elements. after the main festival grounds close down each night, there will be several after-show events taking place at various restaurants, art galleries and wine tasting rooms in napa's popular oxbow district, restaurant row and west end, all of which are within a four-block radius from the expo. the festival is being produced by two local companies will power entertainment, which has long specialized in putting on concerts that benefit the fight against autism, and deville enterprises. will power and deville are going italone, without the help of any of the big players in the festival game, such as berkeley's another planet entertainment which puts on san francisco's annual outside lands and goldenvoice the promoters of southern california's mammoth coachella festival . "if we can, we'd like to stay independent for as long as we can," says will power's meyers. "most people say, 'you'll never make money in a year one festival.' and that may be true." still, organizers didn't hold back when it came to picking the lineup. they went after the grammy-nominated black keys and the zac brown band, both of whom have no problem filling arenas on their own, and then rounded out the bill with a ton of other acts that can headline major auditoriums and clubs. besides those acts previously mentioned, the festival will also feature dwight yoakam, rodrigo y gabriela, cake, flaming lips, bad religion, mavis staples, the wallflowers, alo, donavon frankenreiter, charlie musselwhite, tristan prettyman, allen stone, blues traveler, brandi carlile and cafe tacuba. there will also be a pre-festival kick-off concert on may at the uptown featuring the blistering hot hip-hop duo macklemore and ryan lewis, an act currently lighting up the airwaves with the hit "thrift shop." information on that show is also available on the festival's website, organizers hope to donate "a significant portion" of the net proceeds from the festival to autism causes. follow jim harrington at and
__label__non_math	0.9887	london -- british chip designer arm on tuesday launched its first -bit processors to power the next generation of smartphones and tablets and offer low-energy solutions for servers. the cambridge-based company, whose technology is in apple's aapl iphone and samsung's galaxy s3, said its latest blueprints would deliver three times today's processing power using the same amount of energy. the move to -bit architecture, from arm's current -bit designs, will give arm-based chips increased processing power but retain the energy efficiency central to its technology, the company said. arm's processor division marketing vp noel hurley said demand for more power came from the proliferation of data driven by smartphones and tablets. "when we are looking at 'superphones' and tablets, the consumer is having to deal with much more data, particularly if they start to originate material on these devices," he said. advanced micro devices said on monday it would start making arm-based processors licensees of arm's new -bit cortex a-series include amd, broadcom, calxeda, hisilicon, samsung and stmicroelectronics, the company said, and the first chips are expected to ship in .
__label__non_math	1.0000	concord -- a man has sued the city and its police department, claiming a police officer used excessive force by shooting him with taser darts after a traffic stop. the city council is scheduled to discuss the lawsuit during a closed-door special meeting wednesday. luis moreno, in a suit filed in u.s. district court, northern district of california, claims his civil rights were violated on the afternoon of . on that day, moreno, his gardener and a third man hauled debris from moreno's home to a local landfill, according to the lawsuit. on the return trip, they stopped at a concord convenience store near moreno's home so he could buy beer for the other two men as a thank-you gift. moreno never made it inside. the lawsuit said concord police officer michele ligouri stopped the car for an unspecified vehicle code violation, discovered the driver was unlicensed and arrested him. ligouri said the truck would be towed and told moreno and another man to remove anything they needed from the truck before leaving, according to the suit. the suit said a second officer, christopher blakely, stopped moreno from retrieving a tool, grabbed his arm and told him "don't take that." moreno ran toward his home. blakely fired taser darts at moreno, according to the suit. three hit moreno in the back, and another punctured his neck, the suit said. moreno said he suffered cuts and scrapes from his face-first fall onto blacktop. he was arrested on suspicion of obstructing or resisting arrest. prosecutors dismissed the charges on feb. . moreno is suing for damages, for injuries, wage loss and medical expenses, claiming he is the victim of battery, assault, false arrest and illegal imprisonment. the suit names the city, police chief guy swanger, blakely and ligouri as defendants. andrew schwartz, moreno's attorney, said the two sides are "operating in good faith." concord city attorney mark coon said the council on wednesday will discuss whether it wants to settle the case and, if so, for how much. the court has ordered the case to mediation, said coon. the council meets at p.m. in its conference room at city hall, parkside drive. david debolt covers concord and clayton. contact him at 925-943-. follow him at twitter.com daviddebolt.
__label__non_math	0.9643	new report forecasts slower growth for machine vision the world market for machine vision was worth nearly .billion in . according to the just published world machine vision report, revenues grew more than in . ims research recently acquired by ihs inc. estimates the world market for machine vision was worth nearly .billion in . according to the just published world machine vision report, revenues grew more than in . the report goes on to explain the reasons why this level of growth is unlikely to be sustained during the forecast to . the main reason for the restricted growth of this industry is considered to be instability in many economies around the world, particularly those countries that have adopted the euro, commented john morse, author of the new report. morse continued:, the machine vision industry recovered well after the last recession as shown by the results of ims research s free quarterly market tracker. however, revenue growth showed signs of slowing in the second half of . many manufacturers expressed caution about growth in and beyond. the views of manufacturers echoed the findings of other recent ims research reports that present lower revenue forecasts than in previous editions. generally, growth over the next five years will be less than previously forecast. it is not all bad news, added morse. despite manufacturing estimated to account for more than of machine vision revenues, there is a trend towards machine vision products being used outside the manufacturing environment. for example: high quality security and surveillance, traffic monitoring, control and medical. machine vision manufacturers have always proven themselves to be very resourceful and this continues with new developments frequently being announced. these include new types of camera and communication technology which are necessary to meet customers requirements for more information to be captured and transmitted at faster speeds. this commitment to continuous development is likely to ensure long-term prosperity for the machine vision market and keep it ahead of the game, particularly during times of economic uncertainty. case study database get more exposure for your case study by uploading it to the control engineering case study database, where end-users can identify relevant solutions and explore what the experts are doing to effectively implement a variety of technology and productivity related projects. these case studies provide examples of how knowledgeable solution providers have used technology, processes and people to create effective and successful implementations in real-world situations. case studies can be completed by filling out a simple online form where you can outline the project title, abstract, and full story in words or less; upload photos, videos and a logo. click here to visit the case study database and upload your case study.
__label__non_math	0.9993	wago's wide temperature ethernet switchesthe 852 series ethernet switch family now features two wide temperature models for operation between -to c. the mid-range, -port unmanaged 852-103 and range-topping -port managed 852-104 switches support networks in harsh process, energy, transportation and automation applications. the unmanaged 852-103 ethernet switch features a redundant power supply and a -v supply voltage range. a top-mounted dip switch sets an alarm relay to monitor loss of v dc or port status selectable by port . beyond eight 100base-tx ports for copper connections, 852-103 provides two 100base-fx sfp ports for fiber optic cables. the -port 852-104 managed ethernet switch provides xpress ring and jet ring networking features. xpress ring enables networks to recover from link failure within 50ms; jet ring provides redundant data-transmission routes during link failure damage - recovery occurs in less than 300ms. in addition, 852-104 provides web-based management, port configuration and data packet prioritization. igmp snooping and management access security are also offered. in addition to seven 100base-tx ports copper , 852-104 carries two 100base-fx sfp ports fiber optics . - sensorex's cx- transmitter - madison's pressure switches h series - kontron's micro client series monitors and controls - comark's panel magic line of widescreen panel pc - automationdirect's c-more industrial touchscreens - ezautomation's eztouchplc jr. hmi plc combo - honeywell's experion hmi - pro-face's gp 400 energy-saving hmi - eaton's logical xv hmi series - beckhoff's control panel and panel pc series - all products access the entire print issue on-line and be notified each month via e-mail when your new issue is ready for you. subscribe today. - featured white papers
__label__non_math	0.9999	yokogawa's admag axr magnetic flowmeteradmag axr magnetic flowmeter is available in line sizes from from in. to in. axr two-wire meter employs the advanced "dual frequency excitation" method, which cancels process generated noise without sacrificing response time. it can be installed in a loop-powered system, which eliminates the need for a second conduit run, extra wiring, a separate power supply and additional engineering. - arizona instrument's computrac analyzers - yokogawa's tdls220 mesurement device - rotronic's hf8 transmitter - e-instruments international's e8500 combustion analyzer - automationdirect's koyo medium-duty encoders - swagelok's fast loop module - siemens' maxum edition ii gas chromatographs - endress hauser's ousaf11 absorption sensor - rosemount analytical's 700xa gas chromatograph - abb's pgc5000 gas chromatographs - all products access the entire print issue on-line and be notified each month via e-mail when your new issue is ready for you. subscribe today. - featured white papers
__label__non_math	0.9973	my favorite rice krispie treat recipe is adapted from an old brand name recipes cookbook. about years ago i posted it with the title marshmallow treats from the 80s . in hindsight, that wasn t a very good name since the key to the recipe is the phrase melt the butter completely until it just starts to brown. so i ve decided to go with something more descriptive and have re-named the recipe rice krispie treats with browned butter. this morning i made a batch of my old favorite recipe on an electric stove and i noticed that the butter browned very quickly. if i hadn t lifted the pan off the electric burner, it would have burnt and ruined all the treats. so given that, i ve revised the recipe somewhat and linked to a tutorial on browning butter. one interesting tip i ran across was to use a stainless steel pan. butter doesn t always brown properly in aluminum pans and if you use a dark bottom pan, you ll have a hard time keeping track of how dark the butter gets. i discovered that by trial and error years ago, but it was good seeing it in print. - tablespoons butter salted or use unsalted butter and add a pinch of salt when melted - oz package big marshmallows or cups of the small type - cup peanut butter optional - cups rice krispies cereal - have ready an inch square metal pan. in the past i ve used a inch square or inch, but i like the look of tall krispie treats, so these days i use an inch pan. - rub a very large, light colored stainless steel saucepan or dutch oven with butter to prevent sticking. set over medium heat and melt the butter until it just starts to brown. this will happen at a different rate of speed depending on your stove. if it starts browning too quickly, remove from heat, swirl the pan, and put the butter back on at a very much reduced heat. be careful not to burn it. - stir in the marshmallows and reduce heat to low. stir marshmallows until they begin melting. when melted, add the peanut butter if using and cereal and stir until coated. - transfer mixture to pan and press down with a piece of greased foil or parchment. let the treats cool completely then lift them out of the pan, place on a cutting board and score into giant size squares.
__label__non_math	0.9957	we all know that breakfast is the most important meal of the day, but many of us struggle with knowing exactly what types of food our bodies need to function efficiently. each of us probably knows that eating a plateful of cinnamon rolls or donuts is not the ideal way to start the day. however, do you know how much fiber or protein your breakfast should include? what are some good options for people that are on-the-go first thing in the morning? if you would like some answers to these questions, come and join me in an online discussion tomorrow with two dietitians. what: you re invited to a kellogg virtual breakfast to discuss morning nutrition and the recently released dietary guidelines. when: the virtual breakfast is happening on wednesday, april , at a.m. et. where: in themotherhood here is the link to the page where the class will be held: who: join sarah woodside, registered dietitian for kellogg, and liz ward, registered dietitian, author and one of the kellogg s breakfast council members, to discuss the nutrients a good breakfast should provide, options for healthy breakfasts on the go, recent research findings on nutrition, and more. sarah and liz will speak to us via live streaming video, while we chat and ask questions through a real-time, text-based conversation.
__label__non_math	1.0000	in a large stockpot over medium-high heat, brown the hamburger until no longer pink, about minutes. drain most of the grease, reserving a small amount in the pan and reduce the heat to medium. add teaspoon salt and season with pepper and tablespoon chili powder. move the meat to the edges of the pan leaving the space in the center of the pan and saute the jalapeno, onion, shallot, garlic, and green chiles until translucent, about minutes, stir into the meat and cook about minutes more. meanwhile, brown the turkey sausage in a large skillet over medium-high heat, drain and add tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes and tablespoon chili powder and stir to combine; add to the beef mixture. add the cumin, onion powder, garlic salt, remaining tablespoon chili powder and remaining tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes. cook until fragrant, about minutes. stir in the pinto beans, diced tomatoes, tomato sauce, chopped stewed tomatoes and stout beer. bring to a boil uncovered and then turn heat to medium, cover and simmer for about minutes. taste, then add salt and pepper as desired. cook's notes: chili may be thickened by mixing cup cornstarch with cup of cold water and whisking into the bubbling chili. the secret ingredient? beer servings: servings
__label__non_math	0.9909	how to make the best grilled chicken from the heat of jerk chicken to the smokiness of classic barbecue chicken, grilled chicken is a summertime classic and a crowd pleaser. but while grilling chicken over a fire might seem straightforward, chicken is prone to drying out and sauces can be cloying. over the years we ve come up with the best grilled chicken recipes and all the ingredients, equipment, and techniques you ll need for perfect grilled chicken. here s how to break down a chicken, set up your grill, and avoid the top grilling mistakes when preparing a grilled chicken recipe. types of fires the biggest grilling mistake most people make happens before the food even hits the cooking grate: they set up the wrong type of fire. here are the four grill setups we use in our grilled chicken recipes. a single-level fire delivers an even level of heat and is often used for small, quick-cooking pieces of chicken, usually boneless kebabs. it is made by arranging the hot coals in an even layer across the bottom of the grill. a two-level fire creates two cooking zones a hotter area for searing and a slightly cooler area to cook the food through more gently. this type of fire is often used for bone-in chicken pieces. it is made by arranging two-thirds of the hot coals in an even layer across the bottom of the grill and pouring the remaining coals over just half of the grill. a half-grill fire, much like a two-level fire, creates two cooking zones, but here the difference in heat level between the two zones is much more dramatic: one side is intensely hot since it has all the coals, and the other side is very cool because it has none. this type of fire if used for two reasons: to make a concentrated, super-hot fire for fast and vigorous searing; and to make the cooler cooking zone more controlled for very lean and easily overcooked chicken pieces. it is made by arranging the hot coals over half of the grill and leaving the other half of the grill empty. the double-banked fire was created to help avoid flare-ups. we employ the double-banked fire in several grilled chicken recipes. when the coals are banked into two piles on opposite sides of the grill, leaving the center empty, the chicken can be placed in the center of the grill and receive a steady, even level of heat from both sides. as the chicken cooks, its fat renders and drips down into the center of the grill we usually place a pan there to catch the drips , so we don t have to worry about the fat hitting hot coals and causing flare-ups that could scorch the skin. this type of fire is made by dividing the hot coals into two steeply baked piles on opposite sides of the grill, leaving the center of the grill empty. avoiding the top grilling mistakes preparing a grilled chicken recipe, whether on a gas or charcoal grill, takes practice, patience, and attention to detail. here are some tips to ensure that your outdoor cooking remains rewarding, successful, and safe. . stay away from dangerous locations make sure the grill is located in an out-of-the-way spot several feet from your home and children and pets, for that matter . . don t run out of fuel you don t want the grill to peter out before the food is cooked, so make sure you have enough fuel on hand. this means at least quarts of charcoal. . keep your grill clean check the drip pan on your gas grill; built-up grease can be a fire hazard. on a charcoal grill, dispose of ashes left over from previous grilling before firing it up again. these ashes will affect cooing times and give off-flavors. . clean and oil the cooking grate before cooking this will prevent foods from sticking and picking up off-flavors. . think ahead gas grills need to preheat for minutes, and charcoal takes about minutes once the coals are hot to achieve the proper temperature. be sure to factor these times into your plans. . avoid cross-contamination use separate platters for raw foods and cooked foods, clean utensils after handling raw foods, and always dispose of leftover marinades. when basting chicken, pour what you need for cooking into a separate dish and set aside the rest for serving. . don t judge a book by its cover chicken parts with nice grill marks can still be raw in the middle. an instant-read thermometer is the most effective tool for checking doneness. . bigger and hotter isn t always better gas grills have knobs for a reason, so adjust the heat as necessary to keep things in control. for charcoal grilling, use only the amount of coals specified in the recipe. . save the sauce until the end sauces are affected by intense heat. if the sauce is applied to your chicken too early, the sugars in it may char and become bitter. there are exceptions, but we typically apply sauces minutes before the food is done. . watch the weather if it is cold or windy, you may need to cook foods for a few minutes longer than directed. breaking down a chicken it may seem intimidating, but carving a whole grilled chicken isn't difficult. here are the step-by-step tips you'll need to make this task effortless every time. cut where the leg meets the breast, then pull the leg away. separate the joint by pressing the leg out and pushing up on the join, then cut through the joint. cut through the joint that connects the drumstick to the thigh. repeat on the second side to remove the other leg. cut down along one side of the breastbone, pulling the breast meat away from the bone as you cut. remove the wing from the breast by cutting through the wing joint. slice the breast into attractive slices. an easy solution for dry chicken breast meat problem: dry breast meat cause: white meat. chicken is lean, especially the breast meat, which tends to dry out. solution: brine, then rinse. to brine pounds of chicken, dissolve cup table salt in quarts of cold water in large bowl. add chicken, cover bowl, and refrigerate for up to hour. the brine also flavors the meat. after you've brined it, rinse the chicken well to remove excess salt. the salt has already done its job, changing the molecular structure of the meat to help it retain its juices when cooked. an easy solution for flabby chicken skin problem: flabby skin cause: anxiety. sure, indirect heat is safe no towering infernos , but it won't ever get that crisp skin. solution: render, then sear. . start low arrange the chicken skin-side down on the cooler side of the grill. cook, covered, until the fat has rendered and the skin is crisp and golden, about minutes. . go high move the chicken to the hot side of the grill, and continue to cook, turning occasionally, until both sides are well browned and the white meat registers 160 degrees 175 for dark meat . an easy solution for sticking skin problem: sticking skin cause: moisture. wet skin sticks to the grill. and if the grates are dirty, forget about saving the skin. solution: dry skin, oil grate. . blot dry shrink-wrapped packaging makes chicken skin very wet. brining and rinsing make matters worse. blot the chicken dry with paper towels before cooking it. . clean grate brush the hot grill grate clean. next, dip a wad of paper towels in vegetable oil and use a pair of long-handled tongs to grease the clean grate. an easy solution for charred chicken skin problem: charred skin cause: twofold. the fat drips down and causes big flare-ups, or sweet sauces burn. solution: grill, then glaze. . take temp only when the chicken is nearly done 150 degrees for white meat, 165 for dark it is ready to glaze. . glaze last apply the sauce, flip the chicken skin-side down, and grill it until it's completely done 160 degrees for white meat; 175 for dark meat and the skin is crisp, to minutes more. our favorite grilled chicken recipes a basting brush needs to have a handle long enough to reach the chicken without endangering the cook. we determined that inches is the minimum length needed to comfortably brush all the chicken on a grill, even the piece the farthest away. we were surprised, however, to discover that a handle can also be too long. there are two types of instant-ready thermometers: dial face and digital. both models are accurate, but we found the digital models to be quicker to register and easier to read. our winner is affordable and has saved more grilled chicken breasts than we care to remember. a good grill spatula must perform many tasks well. it needs to help you easily flip grilled chicken parts and transfer them from the grill , and it needs to have a handle that is long enough to allow you to move chicken pieces around in case of a grill flare up. our winner does all that and even has built-in bottle opener in the handle. tongs come in handy in many steps of grilled chicken recipes. from arranging a chimney full of hot coals to flipping chicken breasts over on the grill, tongs get the job done but they need to be long enough to keep us a comfortable distance from the fire. our winner was able to do that, and measured a usable inches. anyone who has ever grilled sticky, glazed chicken breasts knows that removing the left-behind burned-on mess is a chore. traditional wire bristle brushes only last for a few uses, and plastic-handled brushes tend to melt and lose their bristles. we ve found that brushes with strong, stiff wire bristles and sturdy handles are best. many of our charcoal-grilled chicken recipes call for heating the coals using a chimney starter, then arranging the briquettes into a two-level fire. because of this, we prefer chimney starters that have safety features like a handle that remains cool and a second handle that provides leverage when maneuvering the chimney starter or banking the coals for a two-level fire. key ingredients for grilled chicken picking out a quality chicken at the supermarket is a guessing game. we wanted to know what terms guaranteed a flavorful bird. we found that genetic and environmental factors mattered very little when it came to flavor or texture. the biggest factor in flavor turned out to be none other than salt. we prefer homemade barbecue sauce, but there s something to be said for the convenience of bottled, which can be slathered on a grilled chicken breast to make a recipe even quicker. sugar proved the determining factor in our testing but not all sugars are created equal. our top picks had molasses listed high in their ingredient lists. when this sweetener s robust, distinct flavor was in short supply, the sauces fell flat. our favorite grilled chicken recipes invented in the 1940s by a cornell university professor, this tangy, crisp-skinned grilled chicken has been a star attraction at the new york state fair ever since. the original grilled chicken recipe and method remain unchanged at the fair, where half chickens are basted with a tangy sauce while they cook over a custom-made grill that elevates the birds exactly inches about the coals. we wanted to adapt this grilled chicken recipe for the backyard grill. while you might think barbecue grilled chicken means a sticky red sauce requiring lots of napkins, they do it a little different in northern alabama. they eschew tomato altogether and slather a mayonnaise-based sauce on hickory-smoked grilled chicken. a classic of the barbecue circuit, grilled beer-can chicken involves resting a whole chicken upright on a can of beer and grill-roasting it. the odd technique for making grilled chicken accomplishes two things at once: as the beer turns to steam, it flavors the interior of the chicken and keeps it moist, while smoke bathes the exterior and turns the skin crisp. perhaps jamaica s greatest export, jerk seasoning is a spicy blend of chiles, herbs, and spices applied to a wide variety of grilled meats; chicken, perhaps, being the most popular. many grilled jerk chicken recipes we have tried have been too fiery to taste, or conversely, bland as can be. and some recipes require a long list of ingredients and diligent blending. we wanted a simple spicy jerk seasoning we could whip up in minutes for grilled chicken. despite their straightforward appearance, grilled chicken kebabs are difficult to prepare. the chicken is all too prone to drying out and the vegetables rarely cook through. we wanted to find a method for grilling kebabs that yielded tender, juicy grilled chicken and well-cooked vegetables. in the traditional recipe for huli huli chicken, grilled chicken is continually basted with a sticky-sweet sauce and huli -ed, which means turned, in hawaiian. we wanted to find a way to add this to our backyard grilled chicken repertoire. smoky grilled chicken smothered in a thick barbecue sauce is one of america s favorite summer meals. but despite its popularity, this grilled chicken recipe can cause plenty of headaches; one of the most common problems is grilled chicken that is nearly blackened on the outside yet bloody near the bone. we set out to change all that. the advantages of butterflying a chicken are many it creates a flat surface that makes for easy grilling; you can easily rub seasonings directly under the skin to flavor the meat; and the skin becomes especially crisp. but many recipes we tried for grilled butterflied chicken resulted in scorched skin and leathery meat. still others put the chicken through a routine of flips and rotations on the grill that seemed to prolong the cooking time. stuffing chicken breasts and grilling them over a smoky fire sounds like a great way to dress up this mild cut, but only if the meat stays juicy and the filling packs a flavorful punch. a -minute soak in oil, lemon juice, and garlic gave the chicken the protection it needed against drying out on the grill, plus an extra boost of flavor to complement the stuffing. while a sauce can achieve a nice, attractive glaze for grilled chicken, it can t penetrate to deeply flavor the chicken like a dry rub can. we wanted to create a dry rub that would perform double duty: flavor our grilled chicken and also develop a beautiful glaze.
__label__non_math	0.9747	we wanted a salad with the bright flavors of the popular dip, but the tomatoes threw a wrench into our plans. this layered summer salad tastes even better than it looks. with the help of carefully chosen supporting ingredients-and an easy but essential technique-citrus can bring new life to winter salads. this simple salad is anything but boring, and easy enough to put together any night of the week. as full of color as it is of flavor.
__label__non_math	0.9750	published . from cook's illustrated. to rescue this bread from mediocrity, start by taking the canned flavor out of the pumpkin. pumpkin bread is boring. no loaf is remarkably bad, but none is remarkably good. they re all just fine. we wanted a bread that had just the right texture neither too dense nor too cakey and a rich pumpkin flavor that was properly tempered with sweetness and gently enhanced rather than obscured by spices. our first task was improving the flavor of canned pumpkin puree, which tasted raw. so why not cook it? we dumped a can of puree into a saucepan and stirred it over medium heat until it just barely began to caramelize. the pumpkin bread made with this puree tasted full and rich rather than raw or metallic. the only problem was that by cooking the puree, we had driven off some of the moisture and increased its sweetness, which threw off the balance of flavors. adding buttermilk solved the dryness problem, and incorporating cream cheese into the mix regained some of the tanginess that the sweetness was overpowering. since we had to melt the cream cheese, we just added it into the pan of hot puree, achieving the dual goals of melting it and cooling the puree. once the puree was cool, we were able to use the pot as the mixing bowl and avoid dirtying another dish. for textural contrast, we included toasted walnuts and a simple streusel topping, which gave the perfect amount of sweet crunch to each slice. as a bonus, the topping prevented the surface of the loaf from getting soggy when stored overnight, so our bread was just as delicious the next day.list of recipes
__label__non_math	1.0000	did you know? jane's book includes hot drinks and cold, energizers and set-me-downs, drinks for chocolate lovers, drinks for coffee lovers, and a host of drinks especially appropriate for children's parties. jane brandt is a writer, mother of six, and grandmother of nine. she also is the author of drinks without alcohol: 200 fresh, fast fruity little sips great big gulps. the cookbook was first published in . sixteen years later, jane updated it with new and revised recipes. jane lives in new jersey, where she indulges her passion for creating smoothies and juicing all manner of fresh fruits and vegetables.
__label__non_math	0.9958	magellan gps watches arrive in europe dedicated gps navigation devices have been around for quite some time already, although there is the very real and present danger of such a niche market to go out of vogue with the plethora of devices these days smartphones and tablets, especially that already come with their fair share of built-in gps navigation capability, hence doing away with the need for a dedicated gps device. still, companies like tomtom and magellan are still around, and the latter has decided to expand the worldwide availability of their magellan switch series of crossover gps watches across the pond, specially targeting athletes who run, bike, swim or participate in a wide range of outdoor activities. the magellan switch and switch up watches will be made available from this month onwards from select retailers and via magellan s european distribution network. in order to offer more support for their european users, magellan has decided to expand its magellan active website active.magellangps.com by throwing in more languages such as french, spanish, german, italian and dutch, and of course, the mainstay, english. magellan active makes it a snap for multisport athletes who want to record their performance data on magellan s switch series, as it is easy to upload and track data online using intuitive charts, maps and metrics, all from a single location. the magellan switch series of crossover gps watches will include some more innovative features including an activity pacer which will tell runners should they be on target with their goal, while offering specific targets in order to attain the desired result. there is the switch gps watch which was specially designed for runners, and remains as a powerful fitness training device that has been packed with innovative features which will include nine customizable sport profiles, easy-to-read high resolution display, eight hours of battery life, a high sensitivity gps receiver, meter water resistance, and compatibility with ant sensors. the magellan switch series will be available as of now from magellan s european distribution partners serving uk, france, germany, turkey, spain, italy, austria, switzerland and benelux.
__label__non_math	1.0000	a hundred-strong guerilla army is descending on london this thursday night, to peacefully spread their love of light. after successfully turning manchester many different colours in november see images , martin lupton and his team from the building design partnership are going to do the same in the english capital as part of switched on london a lighting festival that's been centered on a part of the river thames all week. cued by an air-horn, designers, architects, and manufacturers armed with high-powered torches, projectors and hundreds of gels and filters will blitz the area called the pool of london, between london bridge and tower bridge, with a transient light installation. it won't be on for long, and after it's photographed for posterity, it will be switched off forever. guerilla lighting london happens on the evening of thursday february , at around . more images, including before and after, here.
__label__non_math	0.9999	ethan lipsitz founded the apliiq shop to satisfy his obsessive fabric hunting habit and to encourage creativity in the average shopper by allowing them to apply appliqu s to garments. inspired by popular shoe brands like nike who offer a personalized experience by letting you customize their shoes, he decided to apply the concept to apparel and invites his customers to adorn their tees, hoodies and accessories with unique, carefully curated prints. every single apliiq item is one-of-a-kind and handmade in downtown la, and each patch is cut and sewn specifically for the user-generated design. we visited their workshop in la's arts district and talked to lipsitz about fabric hunting, trends, philanthropy and his home city. tell us about some of your favorite prints trends for spring summer. to me, spring and summer are all about bright fabrics and bold prints. apliiq clothing with african prints stand out as excellent spring summer looks with their big geometric repeats. we also have some big pattern floral fabrics that are constant favorites. how did you develop such a passion for fabrics? for me, fabric is a medium for self-expression. fabrics have their own history, story and uniqueness which speak volumes, in my view simple geometric compositions and patterns trump logos or branded graphics. fabric embellishment and patchwork has always interested me since it offers a level of self-expression beyond choosing what to wear and it's embodied in just about every scene from punk rockers to hippies to the military. our diverse collection of over 600 fabrics is an interactive palate for self-expression, we hope there's something in there that anyone can get passionate about what makes apliiq special? the apliiq process gives attention to fabrics in a subtle yet eye catching way. think about your dad's classic hawaiian shirt which is made entirely of some wild print... the detailed beauty of the pattern can get lost in the abyss of repeating hibiscus. apliiq on the other hand, applies a small patch of fabric to a garment, making it stand out and creating the chance to really appreciate the details. the fabric becomes a piece of art that's framed by the shirt or hoody. instantly, your clothing becomes a conversation starter, the pattern speaks for itself and the "brand" becomes secondary. it's rewarding to see our customers expressing themselves with fabric and appreciating its value in our process, so far they've designed over ,000 unique custom fabric garments. where do you shop for fabrics? all of our fabrics are curated by the apliiq fabric hunting team who are on a never ending quest for the most rare, beautiful, rich textiles the world has to offer. apliiq is based in downtown la, which puts us in close proximity to the biggest and best fabric district in the country. on any given day the team can be found digging through piles of deadstock, vintage and limited edition prints looking for the best hidden gems. we travel to the depths of basements and speakeasy-style back rooms looking for the ultimate fabric finds. where do you pull inspiration for your appliques? the apliiq aesthetic is inspired by architecture, modern art and cultural history. we look for patterns, colors and textures that people can relate to whether it's rasta style fabric in honor of bob marley or an abstract print that looks like a jackson pollock or kandinsky painting. how often do new appliqu s get added to the site? just about every week we add new fabrics to the collection. as for new appliqu patches available for customization, they normally go live when we launch a new garment. our basic tee shirt now has different patch options ranging from the smallest square "sleeve hit" to the "mega pocket" which could easily fit an ipad and or other large valuables... and we even offer a "faux" upside down pocket that is stitched shut on all sides. most recently, we launched three new appliques with the release of our custom five panel camper hats. apliiq declared march as "animal print month" and april as "floral" what's up with february? january was solid fabric month which was sweet. the first half of the february has been all about love fabrics for valentine's day, fabriclove to be specific. the second half will be a bit more patriotic and we are soon to feature this you're money fabric as an homage to presidents day. everyone should be able to rock that presidential steeze and we've just picked up some great additions to our regal americana collection. what does it mean for you to be made in la? apliiq is not just made in la, it's created with love in la especially for our customers have you collaborated with american apparel since the beginning? we've had a long standing relationship with american apparel and they have been very supportive of apliiq as we've grown. how would you describe the creative vibe in downtown la right now? downtown la is the place to be, especially for what we do. the arts district, where the apliiq workshop is located, has become an incubator for small businesses and entrepreneurs. we're surrounded by creative people doing incredible things in the arts, fashion, marketing, film, furniture, architecture and food and every day brings new inspiration and opportunities for collaboration. i wouldn't want apliiq to be anywhere else. is there any current philanthropic project you'd like to talk about? can you describe how you work with non profits? we've established partnerships with non-profits all over the globe who source fabrics on the ground in areas they support: from rural fabric workshops in africa, to tight, cramped, overflowing indian bazaars, and even custom hand block-printing shops in cambodia. operation usa is a local group that we've partnered with since the early apliiq days. they provide long term relief to disaster stricken areas and we've focused on their work following the earthquakes in chile and haiti. they recently added some vibrant african prints sourced from rwanda to their collection. when people shop the operation usa apliiq store, we donate of the proceeds back to the organization in support of their important relief work. many of our non-profit relationships are structured similarly where we'll partner to source fabrics in a region where they work, supporting the local communities as well as the organization.
__label__non_math	0.8590	note: copyright.com supplies permission but not the copyrighted content itself. copyright.com makes it easy for you to get permission to use copyrighted materials. simply review the permission types that are available below. if you don't have an annual license, you can select "price order" below and purchase permission now.
__label__non_math	1.0000	santa's village is located on the north side of city hall at 411 w. arapaho road, richardson, texas, during the month of december. each year santa s village gives visitors the opportunity to visit with santa claus and experience a variety of holiday activities at our tiny dwellings. this free event is open to the public and put on by the city of richardson parks and recreation department and is made possible by our sponsors and volunteers. volunteer information and information for performers looking to participate in the santa s village will be posted here closer to the event. if you have any questions regarding this information please contact lauren.greenhaw
__label__non_math	1.0000	here is the latest edition of week in review - a series of weekly messages from the mayor and city council to help richardson residents and businesses keep up to date on events at city hall. rocket man, the elton john tribute, will perform at this year s wildflower festival organizers made the announcement on wednesday morning on the wildflower the information will also be included on the festival s website, the city s homepage, and the richardson today facebook and twitter feeds. council discusses arapaho collins redevelopment study the city council heard a report at its work session monday on the baseline market analysis for the east arapaho collins redevelopment area, a nearly 700-acre study area bounded generally by collins boulevard, greenville avenue, apollo road and plano road. the city is working with consultants to investigate enhancement redevelopment possibilities and develop a strategy for addressing the underperforming flex space in the study area. flex space is a building type that allows for a variety of office, research and development, industrial processing, quasi-retail sales, high tech or a combination in a single structure. the analysis found that the study area is in a good location for redevelopment because it is near ut dallas, major employers and a strong transportation network and has access to industrial grade internet transmission lines that could support sought-after cloud computing development. challenges include the age of the majority of the buildings and a lack of curb appeal compared to other developments that compete for the same tenants. city staff members recommended that the study area boundaries be revised to exclude several tracts along greenville avenue and collins boulevard that have a different character or have the potential to be considered a part of the arapaho station transit-oriented development. staff will continue to work with the consultants throughout to study the area and refine and prioritize implementation strategies. after council approval, the city is expected to begin implementing identified strategies next year. watch the presentation at and council discusses neighborhood vitality program project implementation the richardson city council heard an update at its work session monday on the status of neighborhood vitality program projects funded through the bond program and savings and interest earnings from the neighborhood vitality program. bridge construction in north college park is complete, and construction is underway on a bridge in duck creek. work is also scheduled to begin on bridges in mark twain and cottonwood heights by next month. the bond program includes funding for screening wall treatments, entry features, bridge enhancements and landscaping projects in neighborhoods throughout the city. watch the work session discussion at richardson mayor to participate in day of service richardson mayor bob townsend joined several other dallas county mayors and elected officials thursday morning at the jfk memorial in downtown dallas to help kick off ask not the dallas county day of service. the event is scheduled for , in honor of the 50th anniversary of president john f. kennedy's assassination in dallas. mayors and elected officials from several dallas county municipalities have pledged to organize and complete various projects in their cities on the day of service. the specific projects will be announced at a later date. richardson featured in gcx article richardson is featured in a recent article published by global corporate xpansion gcx , a quarterly magazine designed for business executives and site selectors seeking to relocate or expand. the story is about creating amenities to help employees find a good work and life balance and includes information on corporate challenge and development at richardson s dart stations. the story also highlights initiatives in fort worth and denver. read the article at richardson listed among hottest markets in dallas richardson was highlighted as one of the hottest markets in dallas for homebuyers in an online article published tuesday on yahoo other dallas-area neighborhoods featured in the article are downtown and uptown and the area around jesuit college preparatory school. read the story at auditors give richardson s financial statements clean report richardson s independent auditing firm, kpmg llp, reported to the city council monday night that the city s fiscal year financial statements received an unqualified or clean opinion, the highest level of audit industry standards. the auditor s report is included in the city s comprehensive annual financial report cafr , which was presented to the city council on monday. auditors also presented the independent auditors report on federal awards, a separate report that focuses on compliance with federal grant requirements. the unqualified designation means that auditors did not identify issues or concerns during a multi-week review of the city s financial records and that there were no issues or irregularities in the city s accounting practices. the city was awarded its 34th consecutive certificate of achievement from the government finance officers association gfoa . the program is a peer review process which encourages governments to produce high-quality financial statements that exceed the minimum presentation requirements set by accounting standards. the cafr will be submitted to gfoa for review for the program. the reports are available on the city s website, under the financial transparency initiative tab, or at richardson s financial transparency initiatives have been given the gold leadership circle award by the texas comptroller. applications being accepted for lifeguards, other summer positions the city of richardson is accepting applications for summer aquatics positions, including lifeguards, pool managers, swim instructors, swim team coaches and cashiers. pay ranges from per hour. visit to apply for a position. for more information, call 972-744-. memorial bricks available for purchase the richardson fire department and citizens fire academy alumni association are selling personalized engraved bricks to help fund a bronze statue to honor richardson s firefighters and those who lost their lives in the terrorist attacks of . the bricks will pave a walk of honor leading up the statue, which will be installed at the city s new fire training center. each four-by-eight inch brick costs and can be engraved with a family or business name, inspirational thought, memorial, birthday greeting or other message and an optional choice of logo. the walk of honor has space for ,000 bricks, and the department is hoping to sell as many as possible before construction begins in march. brick order forms are available at city hall or by visiting mrmc offers low-cost heart screenings methodist richardson medical center will host low-cost heart screenings from -a.m. monday, feb. , and tuesday, feb. , at the methodist richardson medical center, 401 w. campbell rd. for , participants will receive a lipid profile and blood glucose screening. no appointment is needed. participants must fast for hours before the screening for accurate results. results may be picked up between and a.m. saturday, feb. , at the heart to heart event at the eisemann center. risd council of ptas used book fair the risd council of ptas is holding a used book fair from a.m.-p.m. feb. -and noon-p.m. feb. at the dal-rich shopping center on the corner of belt line and coit roads. books, cds and dvds will be for sale, with prices starting at cents. proceeds will benefit the dr. j.j. pearce memorial scholarship fund, the risd council of ptas and the local ptas. for more information, visit late nite catechism las vegas: sister rolls the dice late nite catechism las vegas: sister rolls the dice tickets cost and are available at or by calling 972-744-. for more information about the show, visit ramona quimby at eisemann center ramona quimby, the next show in the eisemann center s family theatre series, will be performed at p.m. sunday, feb. . the play features the exasperating but lovable ramona quimby, who has delighted young readers for more than years through the books of beverly cleary. tickets cost and are available at or by calling 972-744-. we love clifford the richardson public library is hosting a party to celebrate the 50th birthday of clifford, the big, red dog. we love clifford for more information, call 972-744-. richardson animal shelter pet of the week amy is a female terrier mix, about a year old, pounds, microchipped, housebroken and up to date on all her vaccinations. she has been at the shelter since october , does very well with older children, is very playful and would be best in a household without other dogs. contact the animal shelter 972-744- about amy or other animals available for adoption. for information about other animals available for adoption, visit the animal shelter s facebook page at city council videos: city council agenda: city council meeting documents: find richardson today on facebook and twitter.
__label__non_math	0.9292	no, it's not an unseen cg image from inception, though it's certainly cool enough to be. these are pictures of boombox, an installation made entirely out of cardboard boxes by french architect, stephane malka. created for the eme3 international architecture festival in barcelona, boombox somehow escaped everyone's notice, including ours, until now. we think that's a real shame because it's rare to see such an immersive, experiential installation made from such simple materials. by simply projecting various lighting configurations onto a wall of cardboard boxes, malka completely transforms an everyday object into a powerful environment. the concept for boombox stems from malka's belief in democratizing architecture. he calls it his "eulogy to cardboard, a cheap material symbolizing nomadism in contrast to stone, a noble material representing longevity in all its static weight. although separate entities, there is nevertheless an exchange between two bodies, a cultural and social fusion between the academic and contemporary, at the crossroads between a work of art and a work of architecture." unlike a marble monument, boombox is immediately accessible and, i'll venture, entertaining. malka projects a light show of color patterns and images that make it more than just a wall in the background of an arts exhibition, but a focal point all on its own. he likens the sequence of projections to graffiti, with the cardboard acting as a blank wall for the artist to make their mark on. malka's other projects take a similar approach of bridging high concept with low materials. ame-lot, which he installed in paris last year, uses discarded wooden pallets for a student housing project with a geometrical aesthetic that echoes boombox's formal qualities. check out malka's other projects and see what simple materials are capable of. thanks for the tip, burnlab
__label__non_math	0.5275	in my opinion, the recent selloff in stocks defies commonsense and logic, but in truth and fact it usually does. in other words, it's not uncommon to see investors selling at precisely the time they should be buying and vice versa. moreover, when investor pessimism is at a high, like it is today, stocks become cheap causing people to panic and sell. of course, the more people sell the worse it gets and simultaneously the cheaper stocks get. when investors are in this negative state of mind, it amazes me how even good news can become bad news. for example, one of the common arguments for a pending market collapse is based on the notion that corporate margins are high, and therefore must get worse. therefore, the pessimist takes really good news and immediately wants to turn it into a negative. the following is a summary of the s p 500's q1 earnings results taken directly from standard poor's website:article continues...
__label__non_math	0.9985	- the cover photo has little value for fb visitors. - visitors to brands are more interested in the "history of the brand"--- so "telling the story" about the brand, especially pre-facebook days, is important. - the "about" section is popular with fb fans, so load it up with useful links and information. - highlighting your most active tabs and apps is important for increased engagement. last day before nc early voting ends update here s where we stand. democrats continue to increase their numbers in early voting. so do republicans, and independents. however, democrats continue to underperform from the same point in time in , and republicans and independents continue to over perform from the same point in . over ,083,000 democrats have voted. but it s about ,000 less than the number of democrats that had voted at the same time in . nearly ,000 more republicans have voted early in , than at the same time in . as in the last few days, the net swing in fewer early voters is an ominous sign for the president. essentially, it s about a 123,000 swing working against the president, and the democrats. throw in the independents, and the picture gets even worse for mr. obama. over ,000 more independents have voted early this year versus . with romney carrying the independents by almost percent in recent polls, there is not much room for the president to make up his loss with base voters. with the republicans machine working for election day turn out, nc looks more like it will turn red in days. with five days to go in the 2012election, early voting is on par to outpace the historic levels set in in the tarheel state. here's the score, as of today. the democrats have 914,469, republicans have 592,706, and independents have 368,032. the democrats continue to do a good job of cranking out their vote. however, at this point in , the democrats had around ,000 more early votes in the bank. the republicans had ,000 less early votes banked in with days left. that s a 132,000 net swing against the democrats. and nearly ,000 more independents have voted early. in a state where the president only won by ,000 votes in , it does not look, at all, to be positive for him in . update: the early voting numbers were updated, and it looks like the dems now have only a ,353 deficit from the same time in . however, the republicans now have over 654,000 votes, a gain of over 100,000 increase from . and over ,000 more independent voters have voted early than in . again, this is not a good sign for the dems, or the president. his campaign schedule with five days left, which does not include a trip to nc, speaks for itself. we ve heard about the power of social media for years, but we finally may have some measurable proof that it can influence the political realm. a new study highlighted in a ny times article, found that a facebook message showing friends who had voted was directly responsible for ,000 more votes nationwide and indirectly responsible for 280,000 that were spurred by friends of friends what they called social contagion effect. researchers were unable to determine the affiliation of these voters, but nonetheless, that social networking sites can have an impact on elections. the study is the first of it s kind. the findings are entirely believable, given the impact that social media has had on political and ideological mobilization for a number of causes think about the widespread participation in chick-fil-a appreciation day or social media backlash from susan g. komen s decision to no longer fund planned parenthood. this change in voting behavior is especially important in state and local races, where candidates can sometimes win by only a few hundred votes. by march of , internet world stats reported that there were ,545,100 facebook users in north carolina. political candidates should keep this in mind as they develop their strategies to win in november, and should realize that social media is here to stay. in case you missed it, nc republicans are out-fundraising nc democrats by a lot. the real question for democrats is how to get the most bang for their buck out of their limited funds. likewise, republicans will have to be smart with their cash and spend it where it will make the biggest impact. campaigns must take an integrated approach that uses both the best of traditional communications and new online, digital forms of communications in order to be successful this fall. too many candidates and political consultants still don t understand the value of an online strategy. polling shows that the majority of americans say they now turn to the internet as their primary news source, presenting an enormous opportunity to utilize google ads and interactive features offered by companies such as time warner cable. the reality is that americans are dropping their tv subscriptions. in august, reuters reported that directtv lost ,000 subscribers, time warner cable lost 169,000, while comcast corp lost 176,000 customers during its second quarter report. for the time being, traditional media is still highly effective, but it s become difficult to breakthrough the clutter on tv. this arena is dominated by our presidential and gubernatorial candidates and all of the independent expenditure groups supporting or opposing them. so, nc candidates in will be wise to capture voters attention online. posting something to social media outlets that s interactive will encourage participation and engagement with the campaign. getting those additional impressions online and a few extra volunteers as a result, can have a big impact in a local race where voters total in the thousands. regardless of the specifics, candidates will have to appeal to a wide cross section of voters using multiple platforms. the candidates that master getting their message on the four screens : tv, smartphones, computers and tablets will have an edge over their opponents. north carolina republicans have a message for nc democrats: game on. republicans in most statewide and local races are out-fundraising democrats, which is quite a transformation considering the democratic stronghold on the state for more than a century. although some people think liberal when they hear the word democrat, many nc democrats have typically been moderate, pro-business politicians. their ability to appeal to conservative voters and to build relationships with the business community kept them in power for decades. former democratic governor jim hunt is widely thought to have improved north carolina education, but was also a proponent of business-oriented measures and opposed tax increases in the early 1990s. but a lot has happened since the hunt days. gov. bev perdue and other democrats appear to have lost their way on a clear plan for economic growth. perdue has only maintained one consistent messaging strategy throughout her term: we need to do more for education. unlike hunt, perdue and democratic legislators supported extending a sales tax increase in the middle of an economic recession. polling data show this narrowly focused message hasn t resonated particularly well with voters. public policy polling, a democratic polling firm, reported that perdue is the least popular governor in the country of voters are unhappy with the job she's doing to only who approve. and democrats in the nc general assembly have lost out on this narrow message republicans control both the house and senate, and will for the foreseeable future. to be sure, education is still one of the most front and center issues in the north carolina political debate. it polls fairly well among all segments of the population, but particularly with democrats and independents. however, convincing voters that you have the right experience and the right plan to create jobs and boost the economy will be critical to winning in november. moderate republican candidate pat mccrory s economic plan, the north carolina comeback , provides a clear foil to the . unemployment that nc is experiencing under gov. perdue. his campaign finished the second quarter campaign finance reporting period with 700,000. mccrory has been able to provide a more convincing narrative that he s the right leader for nc, by using a two-fold message jobs and education. as wral reports, mccrory has already published a whitepaper on education, while dalton has yet to release a detailed plan. and the fact that mccrory is the former mayor of charlotte, the second largest banking center in the country, lends more credibility to his jobs message. for the forseeable future, north carolina republicans will continue to control the general assembly and dominate the fundraising game if democrats can't portray themselves as moderate, pro-business politicians. that's pretty simple enough to answer. it works. this recent article outlines how the president is dominating with strategic online advertising campaigns and buys. he's far out pacing romney. but what's interesting is how the obama campaign is spending its online advertising. in obama changed the game with online ads. they used the internet and targeted ads to raise money, and recruit supporters. while their online ads are geared towards acquisition, the bulk of their spend appears to target specific online audiences with targeted messages. the bulk of their spend is thus used to persuade, not acquire. in contrast, the romney campaign, flush with cash, is spending its money with online ads to recruit supporters and raise dollars. time will tell if they make the shift to be more competitive online with their opponent, and if they move to the persuasion model more than the acquisition model. i came across this article recently about how major brands are having difficulty adapting to timeline. a couple of conclusions outlined in the article: in short, brands are finding the sweet spots for enhanced engagement using facebook's new format. so should candidates, issue groups and organizations that want to engage supporters and others online. i believe that the new timeline offers candidates a unique opportunity to "tell their story" ---visually--- like never before. the new format is built for video, pictures and graphics. candidates would be wise to take advantage of this new format. voters want to see the human side of candidates, and facebook delivers on this like no other social platform. organizations, associations and issue groups can also tell their story, using maps, apps, pictures, major events, etc. the possibilities are limitless. we found a bunch of good articles about digital strategies and politics, issues and campaigns across the internet this week. with that, we hope to share these and some quick thoughts about each article. so here you go. and by the way, the team at cornerstone has been working and running online and digital campaigns since early . we get it. so we want to share it...here you go political consultants open to inevitable digital future: by kate kaye over at click-z a quick read about the changing dynamics and inevitable acceptance of digital as part of an overall campaign. our favorite quote of the story: "it's not a single tool. it's not just digital media. it's a combination of old school, new school, and what we don't know the next school will be." we could not agree more. obama camp on pace to spend million on web ads by kate kaye over at click-z all we can say about this is: "gulp". when you have almost a billion to spend, you can do this. but in reality, all campaigns need to step up their efforts in online ads to educate, motivate and mobilize voters. it should be an integral part of your communications strategy. top ten signs a social media expert isn t by colin delany over at e.politics.com a little humor goes a long way in this world. this piece is funny, and true. thanks collin delany for keeping it humorous, and real palm beach post staff writer source wednesday, after in total contributions, dozens of attack ads, cellphone robo-calls and a lawsuit, district looks exactly like it has for the past years. bill moss survived the toughest re-election of his career, defeating attorney dodger arp for a seventh term on the commission, ultimately by a comfortable margin. in a much-less contested race in district , appointed commissioner sylvia moffett earned her first full-term, defeating -year-old bank teller sean jackson and write-in candidate paul mccullough. under commission term limits voters also approved tuesday, moss and moffett, if re-elected, can serve in office until . commissioners will now be limited to serving four consecutive two-year terms in office. another ballot question, to extend commission terms from two years to three, failed. after running unopposed in , moss found himself in a tight contest against a well-financed candidate with widespread support in the district, which moss had never won. but elections in west palm beach are citywide, and moss had the support of mayor jeri muoio, former mayor lois frankel and much of the western communities, the city's most influential voting bloc. the often ugly race became even more heated when moss was sued for alleged defamation last week by public concepts, the political consulting firm that employs arp. while moss purchased an ad in the palm beach post to apologize for incorrectly stating that public concepts had been fined in court for attacking public officials, the company went ahead with the lawsuit. "you can't underestimate the voters," moss said. "people were able to see through a lot of the negative campaigning and i think that made the difference. they learned the issues and in a small turnout like this, it's mostly the educated voters that vote." for arp supporters, it was a disappointing finish to a promising contest. arp was backed by many of the south end's power players, including commissioner kimberly mitchell. his campaign took a hit last week when a third candidate, david smith, dropped out of the race and endorsed moss. arp's campaign was hoping for a runoff election that would have made moss appear vulnerable. arp, who called moss to concede, said he's looking forward to "being involved in west palm beach's future in any role that i possibly can." "bill is very popular in the western district and he obviously did very well out there," arp said. "anytime you're going up against a -year incumbent, we knew we had a real big challenge before us." while moffett had little name recognition when she was appointed last year to replace molly douglas, who resigned to run for mayor, moffett was backed by muoio and frankel and benefited from opponents with little money or campaign structure. "it shows the citizens are behind me, the citizens are voting for me, and i think it's quite different," moffett said of no longer being appointed. "i'm going to work on quality-of-life issues in the neighborhoods, and we've got to make sure the water issues are delved into." jackson said he was proud of his campaign and that he will run again and plans to start a mayoral recall effort. "i'm looking forward to doing it again in two years, and i'm looking forward to ensuring we have a new mayor," he said. while moffett and moss are limited to eight more years, they'll have to run for re-election in two. moss had been a strong supporter of extending commission terms from two years to three years, arguing that commissioners can't focus on topics if they run for re-election every two years. but the ballot question failed. the closest ballot question, eliminating a runoff if the top vote-getter receives at least percent of the vote, appeared narrowly voted down with most precincts counted. several other ballot questions easily passed, including allowing commissioners to summon department heads to meetings. previously, the mayor had to give approval for department heads to appear in front of the commission. also, vacancies caused by a commissioner resigning will now be filled by election instead of appointment. special elections will be less common, after voters agreed to extend the time between an initiative or referendum petition being filed before the election is held, as well as to extend the time of a mayoral appointment to make a special mayoral election coincide with november or march elections.
__label__non_math	0.9987	davos -- united nations secretary general kofi annan called here on sunday human rights and labor standards -- and lobbied them to come on board the un's global compact for corporate responsibility. the un chief also announced that he had enlisted the help of a top executive, goran lindahl, former president and ceo of the swiss company abb, ltd., to recruit more businesses to join the compact. the compact is set of nine principles on environmental protection, human rights and labor standards that was born out of a speech the secretary general delivered at the world economic forum's annual meeting in . annan asked business leaders on sunday to not wait for governments to establish laws in these areas but to adopt their own code of conduct based on the compact's principles. ''global systems of rules to protect intellectual property are stronger than rules to protect human rights,'' annan said. the un has set the target of trying to get ,000 corporations to endorse the compact by . so far it has been endorsed by about 300 companies. annan also announced the convening of a meeting in march to work on how corporations can behave responsibly in zones of conflict. he said that un agencies on the ground in areas of conflict would work with companies operating in those regions. georg kell, annan's top adviser on the compact, told the forum news daily in an interview at his office at un headquarters in new york that the speech was so well received by governments that they lobbied annan to take the compact beyond words even though it was only intended to give a boost to the elements of the un system that watch over these areas: the un environment programme unep , un high commissioner for human rights unhchr and the international labour organization ilo . if the compact's principles appear to be vague or obscure, then kell and his associates at the un have accomplished their mission. according to kell, the goal was to provide a ''broad tent'' which companies could work under as they shape their practices, taking into account their own the compact is not a code of conduct, kell said. companies do not have to report on their compliance with it. the un has neither the mandate nor the resources to hold the companies accountable, said kell. among the compact's signatories are top-flight companies including bp amoco, dupont, unilever and nike , several business associations including the international chamber of commerce, and ngos such as amnesty international and the world wildlife fund. many of the signatories say they have been busy trying to incorporate the principles into their business practices, and some are even acting as publicists for the compact. volvo car corp. has helped build a ''scandinavian network'' of companies in the region that have met to discuss best practices in following the compact's principles, according to kaarina dubee, a corporate diversity manager with volvo. ''we wanted to create a forum for sharing of best practice and experiences,'' she said, ''because it is extremely complex for a company that is not used to thinking about human rights. when it comes to human rights and labor standards, companies tend to work at a very local level, following the laws. but things are changing so quickly.'' the network includes the norwegian energy company statoil, abb and regional offices of deloitte touche tohmatsu. according to dubee, getting corporations, particularly high-tech companies, to think about human rights and labor standards is more difficult than getting them to think about environmental issues. a high tech company may have to look far down its supply chain to be sure that its suppliers are not violating human rights, labor or environmental standards, said dubee. the compact has also caught on with corporations in developing countries. some 220 brazilian companies and a local business association have expressed support for the compact, said kell. in the asia-pacific region, employers' organizations have voiced their support of the compact, as have business leaders in malaysia and india. some companies have tried to improve the conditions of the countries in which they operate. statoil donated to the norwegian refugee council to support refugees and displaced persons in countries where it operates, including angola, azerbaijan and georgia. webmd, which operates internet sites providing health care information, is in the process of launching ,000 online ''tele-medicine'' sites in developing while many groups have supported the compact, including some of the toughest critics of many of companies that have also endorsed its principles, it does have its critics. among them is corpwatch, which says these companies are getting a free ride by not being held accountable for how they follow the compact's principles in their operations. it argues that if the un does not have the ability to enforce its principles it should not work the compact's ''vague and voluntary character means that it will likely do more harm than good,'' writes corporate europe observer, a corporate watchdog group. ''annan has made it no secret that the global compact is a chance for corporations to improve their public image and counter the backlash against trade and investment liberalization,'' it wrote. ''it is certain that through the global compact the un will contribute to the largely incorrect impression that corporations are on the way to becoming socially and environmentally responsible actors.'' kell said this argument is weak. many of the companies that are endorsing the compact were not on the radar screens of ngos and the media, he said, adding that when these companies publicly endorse the compact they open themselves up to scrutiny. these companies can ''no longer just look at the financial bottom line,'' said kell. ''you can make change only where there is a need for change.'' when the british mining giant rio tinto said it wanted to start mining uranium out of australia's kakadu national park, environmental groups cited the company's endorsement of the compact as a reason they should abandon the project, according to kell. another charge leveled by these groups is that the companies get to ''wrap themselves in the un flag.'' kell conceded that, in terms of public image of the compact, he and his colleagues had been naive. since this criticism was raised, kell has made it clear that the un flag or logo may not be used by any company without clearance from the un legal critics of the compact have also focused on the natural resources extracting companies that have endorsed the principles rio tinto, royal dutch shell group, statoil and norsk hydro. such companies are among those most likely to be working in conflict zones, and in many cases the tax revenues they generate for local governments has exacerbated conflicts. annan cited how the south african diamond cartel debeers was working to ensure it was not purchasing diamonds from areas where there is reason to believe the money would be used to fuel conflict and buy ''because the oil companies are sometimes among the first foreign investors to arrive in a country,'' said geir westgaard, statoil's vice president for country analysis and social responsibility, ''we tend to lead the charge in terms of opening the country to integration into the westgaard said that oil companies are increasingly being asked to take on responsibilities beyond the scope of their ability, such as ensuring that revenue generated by their operations is used by governments for the public good. ''while we don't want to be seen as shirking our corporate social responsibilities,'' said westgaard, ''we are not at all comfortable with expectations that we should tell our host governments how to spend their revenues. i believe it's important to acknowledge and draw some clear distinctions between the roles and responsibilities that can and should be assumed by business, ngos, governments and the un system kell and his colleagues at the un say they agree with this position. kell has said that governments must not divest themselves of responsibility to their citizens to protect the principles outlined in ''already governments are divesting responsibilities, and there is a temptation to use the notion of corporate citizenship or social responsibility to justify this,'' said kell. ''but governments continue to hold the key to unlocking economic opportunities; leaders failing their own people continue to constitute the single biggest source of human this site contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the
__label__non_math	1.0000	a proposal that's off target? sheriff, others concerned over proposed gun laws michael maresh cortez journal file photo montezuma county sheriff dennis spruell's views on gun control and proposed new laws relating to this matter mirror what other numerous law enforcement agencies across the country are saying. president barack obama's comprehensive plan to address gun violence that was based on the recommendations from a task force led by vice president joe biden, calls for legislation to ban some assault weapons as well as a variety of executive actions. obama's plan has come under fire since the president unveiled it on wednesday afternoon. spruell rarely minces words and made his stance on the issue very clear. "i am a strong believer in the second amendment, and i believe people have a right to bear arms," spruell said on thursday. "it's a mental problem, a mental health issue. it is not a gun issue." spruell, speaking from his perspective, said there are enough laws on the books now that deal with gun crime. "we have the right to carry arms," the sheriff said. "we have enough laws, and i am opposed to creating new ones ." cities, counties and states across the nation are attempting to create legislation to make it a felony for the federal government to come in to try to confiscate certain types of firearms. however, a university of denver law professor said federal law trumps state law. cortez gun business owners also are disappointed with what was included in the president's proposal. they agreed with spruell that the plan does not address the real problem of keeping firearms away from "crazy" people. ken banks, owner of shooter's world, said nothing in the proposal made much sense or addressed the real problem. "he is just talking words. he is not addressing the problem of insane people having guns," he said. banks also questioned why the government calls insane people mentally challenged because insane is the proper word. "you have to take the guns out of the hands of the crazy people," he said adding the new proposed laws are aimed at the people who are already obeying the law to the fullest. larry chandler, owner of summit shooting center, had a similar view. "we all know that this does not solve anything," he said. "this will not solve any problems whatsoever." he also said more gun laws will not reduce crime, and pointed to chicago's high gun-related crime rate despite the fact that city has some of the toughest gun laws on the books. "guns don't kill people, people kill people," he said. "this is ridiculous that this man, the so-called president, is doing this." he said the proposed law and any possible future laws could result in his business closing someday. "it's just going to make it hard on the citizens who want to have firearms ," he said. chandler also thinks criminals are not going to submit to any new stringent measures to get guns and will instead get them in a different, and often illegal way, so any new regulations will not affect the people who should not be allowed to own a firearm. included in the proposal is to have more federally funded school resource officers stationed at schools. montezuma-cortez school district re-superintendent alex carter said he would support such a measure to have an officer at every school in the district - if funding was indeed provided to pay those salaries. "we have two excellent school resource officers assigned to montezuma-cortez school district re-," carter said via email. vern rucker works mainly with the elementary schools and is the lead on the d.a.r.e. program district-wide, and buck woodman works mostly with the secondary schools. "they are great partners with our schools and we value their participation in our program hugely," carter said. "they are both members of our district safety team and provide great insights and support for the development and improvement of our district emergency operations plans." that being said, carter said if someone offered to give the school district more support in the form of funding for additional school resource officers, he would welcome it. "i would jump at the opportunity," carter wrote in the email. "in my opinion, there is nothing that makes our schools more safe and secure than having on-duty uniformed officers present. i would love to have one stationed at every school."
__label__non_math	1.0000	format: mix album date: february label: ministry of sound - cosmic gate andrew bayer - nothing ever lasts extended intro mix - jerome isma-ae - speed - nic chagall duderstadt - alone with you - cosmic gate - crushed - boom jinx feat. justine suissa - phoenix from the flames maor levi remix - sunleed - rasalhague original mix - temple one feat. neev kennedy - love the fear tom fall remix - mat zo - bipolar - emma hewitt - colours cosmic gate remix - ltn - ordinary people anhken remix - abstract vision elite electronic - always exotic - alex kunnari feat. ben andreas - taste the sun tom fall instrumental - space rockerz feat. ellie lawson - so out of reach original mix - matt davey - castaway daniel haiston remix - cosmic gate with myon shane and aruna - all around you extended intro mix - ost meyer - scarlett heaven dan stone remix - ummet ozcan - cocoon original mix - tiesto - flight 643 nash pepper remix - cosmic gate arnej - sometimes they come back for more stoneface terminal remix - above beyond - formula rossa nitrous oxide remix - cosmic gate emma hewitt - be your sound extended mix - cosmic gate - the theme original mix - kyau albert - are you fine arty remix - sander van doorn, adrian lux - eagles album mix - cold blue - coconut - gareth emery - tokyo - marcel woods - accelerate chris schweizer big room mix - cosmic gate - fire wire cosmic gate's back the future remix one of the hardest working duos in dance music, cosmic gate are proud to announce they have mixed the latest edition of the prestigious trance nation series. compiling some of their favourite producers, remixers and artists over a 2cd release, nic bossi perfectly capture the future sound of the genre. nic bossi explain: 'it's an honor for us to be mixing this international, established and influential brand mix series by ministry of sound and be the next ambassador after respected colleagues and friends like above beyond, andy moor and rank1 cosmic gate's trance nation mix follows their busiest year to date where the guys released their fifth artist album 'wake your mind' - peaking at in the usa itunes dance chart , with album favourite 'be your sound' featuring emma hewitt still the track on everyone's lips. nic bossi also released their early years retro-fit album 'back the future' , singles from which took up residence in beatport's top for an extraordinary months straight. was also the year where the german duo delivered their debut essential mix for bbc radio , whilst a global tour kept them busy in between, including domination of north america with shows performed there alone. taking on the baton from above beyond, andy moor and rank , cosmic gate deliver yet another superb volume to the trance nation series. to celebrate nic and bossi have created a very special track, 'crushed' , exclusively for the album. on top of this they have also included their previously unreleased remix of 'emma hewitt 'colours' . other highlights include jerome isma-ae 'speed', nic chagall duderstadt 'alone with you', mat zo 'bipolar', cosmic gate with myon shane and aruna 'all around you', nash peppers rework of tiesto classic 'flight 643', above beyond's massive hit 'formula rossa' nitrous oxide remix , kyau albert 'are you fine' arty remix , sander van doorn, adrian lux 'eagles', gareth emery 'tokyo', and cosmic gate's own re-rub of their classic 'fire wire'. to be released on ministry of sound worldwide on february
__label__non_math	1.0000	if you're bored with the standard woman-on-top pose, this position is a fun, frisky way to mix things up. your guy lies on his back, one leg outstretched and the other bent, knee pointing upward. you straddle his body sideways with your back turned slightly to his face, hold on to his knee, and lower yourself onto his penis. in this pose, your stomach is almost touching his bent knee; use it for support and leverage as you rock back and forth, and up and down. why you'll love it: this torrid two-in-one move is all about your ecstasy. the steady rocking motion and thrusting create a pleasure buildup that primes you for the big o. and you can thrill him by wrapping your hands around his legs and treat him to a titilating thigh massage. gently knead those over-worked muscles then stroke his skin from knee to-groin using firm feel-good pressure. this is a primo pose for clitoral stimulation, so take full advantage by leaning far enough forward so your joy button rubs against his inner thigh. you control the motion in this pose, so mix up the speed and direction of your moves to get yourself off and keep your stud guessing.
__label__non_math	0.9981	portmagee seaside cottages, kilkeaveragh, portmagee, co. kerryself catering cottages in kerry, ireland: the accommodation is situated in a rural area with outstanding views of mountain and sea, these luxury holiday cottages are situated on the waters edge just two miles from the fishing village of portmagee. sleeps cot. well behaved pets welcome. irish tourist board: star. may 400 euro pw. june 400 euro pw. july and august 700 euro pw. christmas, easter, september 400 pw. other periods 270 pw.
__label__non_math	0.9998	the fall of a racist union buster not only did conservative australian prime minister john howard lose the election last saturday, he may have lost his seat as well. labor now controls all nine australian governments: state, territory and federal. industrial relations was the key issue in the election. years of campaigning against the anti-aboriginal and xenophobic racism of the conservative coalition of the liberal and national parties turned what had been their most effective political tool into a liability. the australian union movement has been successfully mobilizing against the government since over its legislation that dramatically undermined workers rights to organize and forced them onto individual contracts. the new law banned pattern bargaining industry-wide campaigns and deciding on industrial action at mass meetings. it restricted union officials access to members at work and abolished the prohibition of unfair dismissals. the conservatives last, desperate racist maneuver was the distribution in one marginal electorate of a fake leaflet from a non-existent muslim organization, which endorsed the labor party because it supposedly forgave the islamist bombers who killed many australians visiting bali in and supported the construction of a new mosque. a member of the state liberal party council and the husbands of the retiring liberal member and the liberal candidate were caught stuffing the flyer into letterboxes three days before the election. since before it won office at the federal level in , the coalition has drawn on and reinforced widespread racism in australia to boost its popularity. in the and election campaigns, it attacked the land rights and organizations of indigenous australians. invasion, genocidal policies and ongoing racism mean that aborigines live years less than other australians, suffer far worse healthnot matched by government expenditure on health services for themhave fewer years in formal education and are many times more likely to be imprisoned and unemployed. the howard government legislated to restrict new aboriginal land rights granted by the high court. it abolished the elected, peak indigenous representative body and many specialized services run for and by aborigines. in june , it intervened to seize control of aboriginal land and organizations in the northern territory, and limited the right of indigenous australians there to decide on what they spent their welfare payments. in hundreds of thousands marched in favor of reconciliation between aboriginal and other australians, after howard refused to apologize for the history of racist policies. even though the labor opposition endorsed the northern territory intervention, there were substantial protests against it earlier this year. after intensifying the previous labor government s policy of locking up refugees who arrived in australia on leaky boats in concentration camps, the coalition government whipped up paranoia about them to win the election. scandals in the detention system, including the deportation of a citizen, and especially the growing refugee solidarity movement forced it to soften its policies in . so the conservatives started to explicitly target muslims. australia s participation in the invasions and occupations of afghanistan and iraq, and carefully crafted, but implicit messages from the government had already reinforced anti-muslim prejudices. commenting on mob violence against muslims and arabs in the sydney beach-side suburb of cronulla in late , howard denied that there was underlying racism in this country . but a majority of people in australia now oppose not only involvement in iraq but also in afghanistan. while labor has promised to bring the troops home from iraq, the new labor prime minister kevin rudd will keep australian forces in afghanistan. the government s attempts to use race in the run up to the election fell flat. people were not impressed by a new citizenship test, supposedly about australian values , that amounts to a quiz on australian history and sport. mohamed haneef, an indian doctor working in australia, was targeted because he was the cousin of one of the people involved in the terrorist attacks in the uk at the end of june. the trumped up case against him fell apart. in october the immigration minister announced that he had cut the intake of the mostly christian refugees from sudan because they weren t integrating. this may have played well with convinced racists, but did not strike a chord with wider sections of the electorate. the return of class issues australia has not had a recession since the early 1990s. the economy has been particularly buoyed by mining exports to china. average real wages have been rising for years and unemployment is below five percent. these factors, largely beyond the government s control, helped keep howard in office for years. yet he has failed to live up to his claim that he would make australians comfortable and relaxed . while the labor market is tight, most job growth under the coalition has been in casual and part-time work. the conservatives industrial relations policies have led to declining job security and a vast growth in the amount of unpaid overtime. meanwhile, inequality has increased, profits rates have climbed and managerial salaries have soared. levels of household indebtedness are high. howard won the election on the promise that only he could keep interest rates on home loans down. but, in response to rising inflation, the reserve bank increased official rates several times this year. the latest rise occurred during the election campaign. concerns about debt have intersected with worries about work. levels of strike action in australia are at their lowest levels since before world war i, while trade union density has been falling for thirty years. yet, even before the introduction of the government s workchoices legislation, the australian council of trade unions organized large rallies. these continued and expanded after the law was passed. some participants stopped work to attend what were the largest union demonstrations in australian history. early this year the actu campaign shifted from mobilizing unionists in direct action to election campaigning. its slogan changed from your rights at work: worth fighting for to your rights at work: worth voting for . most union leaders even fell in behind the labor party s very weak industrial relations policy, dubbed workchoices lite because it promised not to repeal the conservatives fundamental attacks on union rights. although howard has been defeated on a class issue, the australian labor party today is more right wing, its connections with the working class weaker than ever before. rudd accurately describes himself as an economic conservative . he has promised to take a meat axe to the public service, is committed to the us alliance, to keeping troops in afghanistan and endorses australian imperialism in south-east asia and the pacific. unions are still affiliated with the alp, but the influence of union officials in the party has declined and its working class membership is residual. it is symptomatic that rudd was himself a very senior public servant and consultant before entering parliament, while his wife s business earned her millions selling employment services which had been contracted out by the coalition government. australian workers will lose out if they rely on the good will of the rudd government. events during the election campaign indicated that preparedness to act in their own interests can achieve results. nurses in victoria took militant, illegal and successful action, that shut down many hospital beds, against the state labor government over wages and conditions. three days before the election, ten thousand victorian teachers struck over their claims. if other workers, their self-confidence boosted by howard s defeat, follow this lead they will not only improve their lives at work but also rebuild the union movement. rick kuhn is a member of socialist alternative and a reader in political science at the australian national university. he won the isaac and tamara deutscher memorial prize for his henryk grossman and the recovery of marxism. he can be reached at rick.kuhn
__label__non_math	0.5187	not really sure who will see this but i have a question. is life on the road really the place to be? i guess just to be regardless of where is the key, but in which direction should the energy of your life really be focused. the world is such a decaying place, well, the parts of the world i like anyway. just need a reason to be i suppose. thing is the world is so overpopulated the justification required to have a child is so i can watch on after my time continue
__label__non_math	0.9989	how to add photos to your advert photo loading and tips. if you are already logged in go to step or step if already in your advert . if you have trouble inserting a photo or would like our support staff to add the photo to your advert, you can email the photos to firstname.lastname or call local rate . thank you and good luck with the sale of your vehicle. picture sizes and types the picture types accepted by the site are jpeg, gif and png. jpeg is probably the most common format since most digital cameras and scanners produce pictures in this format. the maximum size of a picture shown on this site is 640 pixels wide by 480 pixels high. if you upload pictures larger than this we will resize them automatically. the only disadvantage of uploading pictures larger than 640 x 480 is the extra time it takes you to send them to our server. if you use a digital camera, it helps to upload images quickly if you can set its image size to 640 x 480. the old saying that a picture paints a thousand words is not always true: it depends on what your picture is. a good picture will speak volumes about your vehicle. on seeing a good picture a potential buyer will either: both of these are useful to you. the interested buyer will go on to view the detail of your full advert, any more pictures you have added and learn more about your vehicle. the viewer who dismisses your advert immediately will not trouble you unnecessarily or waste your time. a poor picture will send confusing messages and put off a potential buyer because it is not clear what you are selling.
__label__non_math	0.9999	book a business package for sunday - thursday stays at the country inn suites by carlson sm lexington, now through and club carslonsm members receive double gold points and either early check-in or late check-out subject to availability . not a club carlson member? join now. as if this offer isn't tempting enough, you'll also enjoy our everyday amenities including: the business package is available for eligible stays at participating country inns suites by carlsonsm hotels in the united states, canada and latin america "participating hotels" through . an eligible stay is defined as a stay of one or more consecutive nights, sunday - thursday, at the same hotel, regardless of the number of check-ins or check-outs, for which the guest specifically booked the business package. guests who book and complete an eligible stay will earn gold points "bonus points" in addition to the standard gold points per u.s. dollar spent and their choice of either early check-in or late check-out upon request. to request early check-in, guest must call hotel in advance to confirm availability. late check-out as late as p.m. must be confirmed at the time of check-in. early check-in and check-out are subject to availability. only one club carlson account per eligible stay will be credited with the gold points for the eligible stay. member must provide club carlson number at the time of reservation or at check-in to earn gold points. allow -weeks for gold points to appear on account. gold points are subject to all club carlson program rules and conditions. extra person charges will apply if exceeding double occupancy. rates for each night may vary. the business package is subject to availability and blackout dates may apply. the business package may not be used in conjunction with any other package, promotion, group or convention rate, or any discounted rate. participating hotels are subject to change at any time without notice and the number of rooms available for this business package at participating hotels may be limited. country inns suites reserves the right to add, modify, or discontinue these terms and conditions or the offer at any time without notice.
__label__non_math	1.0000	because emily and michael couldn't afford to put down planks or even veneer to replace the carpet, they ripped it out, then covered the plywood subflooring with pale-gray porch paint. the result a crisp, low-maintenance look that will last until the knottses spring for hardwood revealed that emily had a knack for visualizing improvements. and that michael, a property developer, enjoyed turning her visions into reality. floor, . gallon: behr's porch and floor paint in shaded hammock spiffed up the plain plywood subflooring. huck, a yellow lab, clearly approves. homedepot.com
__label__non_math	0.9903	an inviting office the dunloe wallpaper from osborne little provided all the color cues for the room, and it mixes easily with the dash albert cameo roses hooked rug and striped silk trading curtains. pink boucl slipcovers help red leather stools blend in with the palette. woven wooden shades are from the shade store. gilded bulletin board plain bulletin board a luggage rack and hangers, hung from hooks on the door, are at the ready for guests; recessing the shelves several inches ensures room on the door for multiple garments. the printer, wireless internet hub, and other electronics are sequestered here with the addition of an electrical outlet. pretty ribbon edges each shelf rim adhered with double-stick tape , a grace note that brings pleasure to organizing. colorful files and boxes, an accordion rack, and deep woven baskets on floor from russel hazel, the macbeth collection, whitmor, and anna griffin keep office files and folders attractively in order. guest room details collections personalize any space, and particularly a home office: vintage tin picnic "baskets" can hold everything from electronics to bank statements or photos. flea market portraits and a whimsical pom-pom pillow from e bella add visual and tactile appeal. linens, pillows, and towels are stored on the shelves of this cupboard as well as in baskets in the closet. anticipating guests' needs equals gracious hospitality. toiletries, such as small sizes of shampoo, toothpaste, aspirin, and other items a guest might require, are neatly stowed in a basket for easy portability to the bath. to help make a compact space truly multipurpose: . think about how the room is used most of the time. "we wanted more than a room that we'd use only occasionally," says the homeowner, "so the priority became its home office function that's what we needed most." . choose furniture with versatility, so it can adapt to different needs. armoires, cupboards, chests, and other storage pieces can be utilized in almost any room and function in a wide variety of ways. . make it a room you want to spend time in. comfortable seating, draperies, and a rug make this feel as nice as the living room, and why not, when so much time is spent on the computer? . build in storage for better looks and function. the custom-built shelf that runs the width of the room looks nicer, and holds more, than a small ready-made shelf would. adjustable shelves on tracks in the closet can be shifted as storage needs change.
__label__non_math	1.0000	he may be best known for "we bleed maroon", but granger smith has a bunch of great songs the perfect venue. the perfect dining menu. a couple of talented songwriters and performers, alone with their acoustic guitars. so what, if it was tuesday night? fans packed one of the best music venues in greater houston and the great state of texas for some coffee and dinner, but most of all, to see granger smith and trent willmon at dosey doe in the woodlands, texas. from the interstate south feeder road, this place doesn't look that much different than all of the other business, restaurants and venues with one neon sign after another. but step in its doors, and you feel the magic immediately. once a barn in kentucky, it was dismantled and shipped to texas. nashville hasn't given him his due as a performing artist yet, but trent willmon has already proven to be a very good songwriter. if you build it, the country music artists will come to play. and they do, from texas country to traditional artists. contemporary nashville artists. there's even some folkies, for good measure. but tonight belonged to granger and trent. they traded banter back and forth, swapped stories, pointed out family members in the audience, made jokes, and switched off singing songs - all of them acoustic in this small setting. it was like having these guys come into your living room and play their tunes. smith mostly played songs from his newest album, "don't listen to the radio." the title track was his only texas top hit, which is ironic - he pointed out - given the title. willmon offered a mix of hits, past and present, such as "medina daydreaming" and "on again, off again." he also performed songs that he's written for other artists - both nashville montgomery gentry's "back when i knew it all" and texas roger creager's "cowboys and sailors" and his newest single, "keep on lovin' you." smith spoke about "before it all comes down" and how it was one of three final cuts to be considered for a diamond rio album. one of his friends had the other one. his song didn't make the cut, his buddy's song did - and it was "what a beautiful mess." and the rest is history. when someone in the crowd shouted for "we bleed maroon," smith's sentimental ode to his alma mater, texas a m, he said - "i think people know that song more than they know my name." he talked about playing it in lubbock before the aggies upset texas tech, -. he also complimented houston on being one of the most "aggie-friendly" big cities in texas. willmon gave smith some good-natured ribbing on his being an aggie, but turned serious after smith played his signature song about the "town on the brazos." "it's a great, well-written song," willmon said. "if you're not an aggie, it makes you want to be." so much of the show featured the back and forth banter, and smith encouraged the audience to sign a petition to get willmon to move back to his native texas, from nashville. that got lots of applause from the audience. on a more serious note, the duo discussed their trips to entertain u.s. troops in iraq. smith told a moving story about a soldier - who along with his family - became fans of smith after he was given the assignment of guiding the band through their trip on base. two months after receiving an e-mail that complimented his music, smith got another e-mail that informed him of that soldier's death in action. he now wears a black wristband on stage to honor that soldier's memory and said the experience of knowing the soldier influenced him in writing the song, "five more minutes," on his latest album. the song also speaks of the bravery of smith's grandfather, a world war ii veteran. no evening would be complete without a cover of a classic country song. and the duo finished the night with "don't let your mamas grow up to be cowboys." it was impressive, but not as cool as seeing smith and willmon swap interesting stories and sing acoustic versions of their songs. it would be great to see these two do a tour with a format like this - if it's as good as it was tuesday night, it will be well-received.
__label__non_math	0.9845	gary allan married the rumor is that garry allan is now married. record label reps confirm the reports, but are not releasing details. maybe it's d j vu, but didn't the same thing happen when tracy lawrence married his wife, becca? in fact, her name is just about all we know about mr. lawrence's wife, other than that she is pregnant with a baby girl due in august. why so secretive? "having a relationship when you're in the public eye is difficult enough," says tracy, "and i didn't want my relationship to have to compete with the pressures of my career." tracy also says that he and becca discussed the situation at length before deciding to issue a press release confirming that they had indeed married, but at the same time guarding the couple's privacy. it's understandable that gary feels the same way. congrats
__label__non_math	1.0000	rating is based on user votes and site popularity. help out the coupon craze community by rating and commenting on your favorite stores friday, friday, pdt thanks for the free gift elizabeth arden makes very high quality products. i've been a customer for years. all nutrisystem coupons all avon coupons thursday, pdt all beauty encounter coupons all mark coupons wednesday, pdt all perfumania coupons
__label__non_math	0.9994	these are the albertsons deals for the north east texas area. prices may vary by region. my albertsons policy is to triple coupons up to and double coupons up . my albertsons will double triple up to like coupons per transaction. if you need help with abbreviations, please reference this post: couponing terms abbreviations. here are the best deals i see this week: you can also check out my tutorial to learn how to do your own grocery store match-ups
__label__non_math	0.7288	how to use a amrita singh jewelry coupon the "bargains" section at amrita singh jewelry is a good place to start when searching for deals. you can sort the items by price to make finding them easier. coupons.com will have coupon codes good for discounts that you can use on your amrita singh jewelry orders. just be sure to check the selection of deals for the best and most current ones because the validity of codes will vary. like amrita singh coupon codes? you may also like
__label__non_math	0.7016	the internet browser you are using is not supported. we apologize for the inconvenience, but in order to print coupons from coupons.com you need to be using a compatible browser. we'll help you get this right. of course, we want to do everything in our power to enable you to print your coupons-that's exactly why we're here. below are links to download the latest versions of today's most popular internet browsers: if your browser is not the problem, please take a moment to read our troubleshooting guide. that's where you'll find just what you need in order to install the coupon printer successfully and get your coupons printed in no time.
__label__non_math	0.9586	by karen kaplan est, attention dieters: many of the facts you think you know about obesity and weight loss are wrong. so says a report published in thursday s edition of the new england journal of medicine. an international team of dietitians, doctors and other experts examined more than a dozen ideas about obesity that are widely believed to be true but aren t actually supported by reliable medical evidence. it s not just dieters who buy into these mistaken notions, the study authors note much of this incorrect conventional wisdom is espoused by physicians, academic scientists, government agencies and gulp the media. seven of these errant ideas were classified as myths, meaning they are beliefs held to be true despite substantial refuting evidence. another six were categorized as presumptions, or beliefs held to be true for which convincing evidence does not yet confirm or disprove their truth. without further ado, let s get to the myth-busting: eating a little less or exercising a little more will lead to large weight loss over time, as long as those behaviors are sustained. this myth is based on the idea that ,500 calories are equal to one pound. that equation was based on short-term experiments. in the long-term, the body compensates in various ways that slow down weight loss. for instance, the equation predicts that a person who burns 100 extra calories per day will lose more than pounds over five years; in reality, that exercise regimen will cause a person to shed only about pounds assuming calorie intake remains the same . it s important to set realistic weight-loss goals so dieters don t get frustrated. studies that have examined this reasonable-sounding assumption have found that having realistic goals has no impact on the amount of weight lost. indeed, some studies have found that those who set the most ambitious goals lost the most weight, even if they fell short of their initial expectations. slow, gradual weight loss is easier to sustain than large, rapid weight loss. in fact, clinical trials have found that people who jump-start their diets by dropping a lot of weight in the beginning by consuming only 800 to ,200 calories per day, for instance had the best results in long-term studies. in order to help someone lose weight, you must gauge their readiness to stick to a diet. experimental evidence shows that readiness isn t related to diet results. school p.e. classes help reduce and prevent childhood obesity. while there is certainly some amount of physical education that would help fight childhood obesity, p.e. classes in their current form have not been shown to reduce bmi or obesity in kids on a consistent basis. babies who are breast-fed are less likely to become obese. if you think this is true, you re in good company the world health organization presented this fact in one of its reports. but a randomized, controlled clinical trial that followed ,000 children for more than six years found no compelling evidence that breastfeeding staves off obesity, according to the new england journal of medicine report. the authors did note that breastfeeding has other benefits and should be encouraged anyway. you can burn 100 to 300 calories by having sex. in fact, having sex burns calories at about the same rate as walking at a pace of .mph. given that the average bout of sexual activity lasts about minutes, the authors write, a man in his early to mid-30s might burn calories. but wait, it gets worse: considering that this man could burn calories just watching tv, the true benefit of having sex is only additional calories burned. the report also says that these widely accepted ideas are just as likely to be false as true: how s that for a reality check? you can read the full article for yourself here. return to the booster shots blog. follow me on twitter
__label__non_math	1.0000	displaying items -of view courant.com items only the hartford couranta just-retired meriden police sergeant has filed a notice to sue the city, charging that he has been harassed by fellow officers after he changed his story when interviewed by federal investigators about the details of an incident that led to a grand jury... the hartford couranta woman is suing the east hartford doctor previously accused of raping a patient, claiming that he had sex with her in a hotel after giving her a drug cocktail and telling her that he had to be the first to have intercourse with her after pelvic surgery,... the hartford courantst. francis hospital and its insurers have reached settlements with virtually all of the 150 known child victims of hospital endocrinologist george reardon, a milestone in years of contentious litigation that grew from what may be the most extensive... tags: abusive behavior, insurance, west hartford, trials, malpractice nineteen months after his conviction on five felony corruption charges, attorneys for former mayor eddie a. perez filed an appeal monday saying the court shouldn't have consolidated perez's two criminal cases and that there ulimately was insufficient... a lawyer for government workers suspected of defrauding the state to gain post-storm food benefits is accusing gov. dannel p. malloy's administration of muzzling its employees to keep us from uncovering the truth by an "unconstitutional... tags: middletown, judges, trials, laws, corporate crime the hartford courantthe decision to retire this past fall from the middlesex judicial district's top prosecutor post after more than years was tough enough for timothy j. liston. liston, , was leaving behind a career he loved and a tight-knit office where co-workers... the hartford courantstuck for years in an unpopular defense of negligence suits by victims of dr. george reardon, st. francis hospital now is being pulled into a new legal fight, this one involving efforts by its own insurers to reduce their exposure to the million or... tags: judges, west hartford, aetna inc., local government, bankruptcy the hartford couranta wrongful death lawsuit will be filed this week against yale university on behalf of the estate of former student annie le, an attorney representing le's estate said late monday. details of the lawsuit and related claims against the university could not... the hartford courantthe family of a yale university student murdered by a co-worker in a campus research facility two years ago filed a wrongful death lawsuit on tuesday against the university, accusing yale of failing to protect women and tolerating aggressive male... tags: judges, middletown, dna, file sharing, colleges and universities the hartford courantprosecutor michael dearington's controversial decision to clear a white police officer in the fatal april shooting of an unarmed black motorist led to protests in the streets, cries of racism and criticism from the state capitol. then-gov. john g.... original site for litigation topic gallery.
__label__non_math	1.0000	a collection of news and information related to brett morgen published by this site and its partners. displaying items -of view courant.com items only park city, utah--"fruitvale," a drama based on the real-life story of a young man shot to death at an oakland bart station, took home the grand jury prize at the sundance film festival on saturday night. the movie also won the audience award for u.s.... channel guide magazinecrossfire hurricane on hbo nov. documents the rise of the rolling stones from the band everybody hated to the band everybody loves. the rolling stones were the bad boys of the 1960s british invasion, the sexually charged, rebellious... rock's original bad boys are marking their unlikely milestone with another greatest hits album, a new movie and a handful of live shows. and they're doing it their way. the rolling stones of yore were more likely to be caught dead than to be caught... rolling stones doc titled 'crossfire hurricane': film to premiere on hbo on nov. , also has theatrical releasevariety"crossfire hurricane" is the title of the hbo doc on the rolling stones. set to premiere on the pay cabler nov. , the film will document the famed british band from their early days as blue-obsessed teenagers in the 1960s to the current day as rock 'n'... original site for brett morgen topic gallery.
__label__non_math	0.9991	displaying items -108 of 112 view courant.com items only tribune movie reporter"jackass: the movie" features at least one of its multiple title characters doing the following: snorting wasabi and barfing; subjecting himself to paper cuts between his fingers and toes prompting a cameraman to barf ; launching a firecracker from his... tags: dave england, crimes, paramount pictures, john waters, assault in the broad ensemble comedy "big trouble," director barry sonnenfeld displays the same lack of comedic wisdom that led him to put will smith in drag in "wild wild west." the film is based on the book of the same name by humor columnist dave barry, and... sun movie criticbig ethel's out there. pat moran's gonna find her. moran, baltimore's own emmy-winning casting director for homicide: life on the street is in the midst of casting john waters' latest, a dirty shame, a timeless comedy of sexual addiction and amnesia-... tags: selma blair, crimes, tracey ullman, chris isaak, john waters sun movie critica dirty shame is a tale of marauding sex addicts who wage a pitched battle against the morally upright citizens of harford road. it's also a celebration of sexual rapaciousness, sexual perversity, sexual obsessions ... in fact, just about everything... sun staffwhen word got out that the rock, the pro wrestler-turned-actor with the trademark upturned eyebrow, would be playing the lead character in a remake of walking tall, quite a few eyebrows were raised. after all, the rock, who is of samoan and african-... sun movie criticthink of john waters as a racy wizard of oz. generations of american storytellers have chronicled provincial misfits and artists leaving their homes and finding their true colors in los angeles, new york or san francisco. but waters does the reverse,... tags: crimes, shoulders, chris isaak, adults, holidays times staff writerthough its title inspires visions of an unholy alliance of roger corman, ron howard and misbehaving clergymen congregating in a maniacally violent video game, "grand theft parsons" is actually a rather tame road movie celebrating the extreme bonds of... times staff writerthe ascendancy of johnny knoxville and the rest of mtv's "jackass" gang to the big screen shouldn't come as all that surprising, especially given the original show's popularity and the synergistic ethos of the cable network's parent company, paramount,... sun movie criticjohn waters must be one of the few film directors who can shrug when their work is declared off-limits to a significant portion of the movie-going population. "if anyone can take it, i can," waters says, not as boast, but fact. titled a dirty shame, the... tags: film festivals, theater, maryland, adults, death gentlemen, start your engines. it's official: jessica simpson will fill daisy duke's short-shorts in the upcoming movie version of "the dukes of hazzard." the klutzy "newlyweds" star will make her big-screen acting debut opposite johnny knoxville and... tags: britney spears, jessica simpson original site for johnny knoxville topic gallery.
__label__non_math	0.9997	a collection of news and information related to colorectal surgery published by this site and its partners. displaying items -of view courant.com items only los angeles timessometimes good ideas don't always work out the way we expected. new data reported this week show that implanting sponges soaked with antibiotics into surgical wounds may not reduce the incidence of infections as intended and may, in fact, actually... when it comes to life's two guarantees, i find death less scary than taxes. taxes, in fact, are so scary that they make me want alcohol. so is a margarita on a business trip as deductible as my hotel room? sadly, no. that margarita is typically only ... original site for colorectal surgery topic gallery.
__label__non_math	0.9988	hansen, last year s -year-old champion trained by louisville-based mike maker, won saturday night s iowa derby in a front-running -length romp over louisiana derby winner hero of order at prairie meadows. it was the breeders cup juvenile winner s first start since finishing ninth in the kentucky derby. with jockey ramon dominguez never asking the nearly white colt in the five-horse field, hansen cruised miles in .. i ve never signed so many autographs and gotten so much attention for doing so little, said majority owner and breeder kendall hansen. he s been relaxed so much since the derby. it would have been nice if he d tucked in second, but they went seconds the first quarter, nice and relaxed, and i think ramon did exactly the right thing. i don t think he even leaned over on him. it was just a little workout here. louisvillians had big nights elsewhere, including the tom amoss-trained, leandro goncalves-ridden sum of the parts taking the red legend for -year-olds at charles town racetrack in west virginia. hansen had been cross-entered in that seven-furlong stakes and scratched. mystical star and teeth of the dog won the two stakes on saturday at new york s belmont park. mystical star beat aruna by a length in the new york for fillies and mares on the turf. jose lezcano was aboard for trainer christophe clement as the -year-old improved to for with her first stakes victory. mystical star paid .to win, running 1 miles in .. teeth of the dog has won two stakes at belmont since finishing fifth in the preakness. he held off fast falcon by a neck in the dwyer for -year-olds. joel rosario, recently relocated to new york from california, was aboard for trainer michael matz as teeth of the dog covered the miles in ., paying to win as the even-money favorite. silver screamer took the lead near the top of the stretch and drew off to win the eatontown stakes at new jersey s monmouth park, beating heavenly landing by 1 lengths. trained by rudy rodriguez and ridden by jose espinoza, the -year-old filly ran miles on the firm turf course in .and paid .. the win in the grade iii race was the sixth victory in career starts for silver screamer. the ian wilkes-trained fort larned, eighth in churchill s grade i stephen foster in his last start, went wire to wire under brian hernandez jr. to win the prairie meadows cornhusker handicap over -favorite successful dan. triple bend handicap camp victory registered a first top-level success when posting a -upset of the grade i, triple bend handicap at hollywood park.
__label__non_math	0.9283	redistricting proposals to be detailed the pope county election commission is inviting the public to view and discuss the proposed justice of the peace redistricting maps at p.m. monday. the public session will be at the election commission headquarters, e. main st., suite . the census results showed pope county's population at ,754, up from the census number of ,469, allowing for justice of the peace districts, with each district comprised of about ,750 residents. approved criteria used by the pope county election commission for the justice of the peace redistricting was the same criteria used by the arkansas board of apportionment. the criteria include compliance with the 14th amendment and voting rights act. the commission is also expected to form geographically contiguous and compact districts, to keep cities within the districts intact as much as possible, to avoid the splitting of precincts as much as possible to maintain communities of interest intact within districts as much as possible and to maintain cores of existing districts as much as possible. the final approved maps of the senate and house of representatives districts will be overlaid to the pope county map to compare district lines.
__label__non_math	0.9996	apple's iphone will be hitting stores by the time you read this. i'll have my review of the hardware next week. this week, the focus is on ios , the latest version of apple's mobile operating system. on the surface you won't notice much different from last year's iteration of ios. apps are still laid out in a grid of icons. the general style and user interface assets are still relatively unchanged compared with previous versions. this is staunchly different from what both android and windows phone have done, with changes in user experience more sweeping with new releases. one area apple has made drastic changes in ios is in its maps. apple has replaced google maps with its own in-house mapping solution. as apple and google continue to battle over mobile space, this isn't a surprise. apple also removed the youtube app, which leaves google search as the only default setting that google has control over in apple's mobile platform. apple's maps are a more beautiful mapping experience than google offered, but it is also more limited. the biggest omission is the lack of public transit data. if you visit a city with ample public transportation think san francisco or chicago , you'll now need to use a third-party application to find your way around the city. more frustrating than the lack of bus routes is that the actual mapping data is out of date in some instances. i mailed a package to my mother's business recently relying on an address apple's maps offered. the address was to the business' previous location; it moved nearly two years ago. but it's not all downhill. driving and walking directions are improved. ios finally has turn-by-turn directions, something android has offered for several years. other notable changes are improvements to siri, which now works on the ipad and offers information on movies and sports teams. sharing to facebook is now available, in addition to twitter. mobilesafari will now sync open tabs between your iphone, ipad and mac using icloud. overall, ios is a worthy upgrade. the transition from google maps to apple's own in-house solution is a step backward, but i expect apple to iterate and improve the experience in the coming months and years to come. ios is available as a free upgrade for existing iphone users with an iphone 3gs or newer. anyone with an ipad or the new retina ipad can upgrade for free as well. upgrading is as simple as opening the settings app and going to software update to install the new version of the os. justin williams enjoys using and writing about personal technology. he can be contacted via his website at carpeaqua.com.
__label__non_math	0.9997	when networks of people collaborate for good causes nationwide, the benefits to those in need of services are many. the downside to growth of nationwide networking groups is that it is easier for criminals to also benefit. the proliferation of gang activity nationwide and now locally is evidence of the power of networking. the youth we work with like to use the acronym nimby. while we would all like to think that gang activity is nimby not in my backyard , it is. according to the evansville police department s public information officer, jason cullum, the number of local gangs and their members fluctuate, but we have nine active gangs. there may be more, but they do not draw enough attention to be on our radar, cullum said. there may be less at times, depending on the mood of the gang members. we have around 300 people we believe to be gang members. that number also fluctuates. networks of gangs are also prevalent in surrounding communities. gang members are involved in more than only violent crimes. according to the department of justice a bloods gang member was sentenced last fall in nashville, tenn., to eight years in prison for participating in racketeering activity related to his membership in the bloods criminal enterprise. antonio washington, , aka t.o., of nashville, was ordered by u.s. district judge aleta trauger to serve five years of supervised release following his prison term. washington pleaded guilty to the racketeering conspiracy. according to court documents, washington and other bloods gang members and associates agreed to commit multiple acts of robbery, narcotics trafficking and bribery on behalf of the bloods gang. but they were also violent. washington and numerous other members met on a regular basis at various locations throughout middle tennessee to report on gang-related business, collect dues, commit disciplinary actions against fellow gang members, discuss acts of violence against rival gang members, and initiate or jump in new members by beating them for a period of time, among other things. the negative effects of gang activity on our community are widespread. the gangs are an issue for our entire community because gang members are more likely to commit violent crimes than non-gang members, cullum said. they are involved in crime more frequently because criminal acts are required to join and remain in a gang. teaching young people to develop appropriate pro-social skills, to understand and respect appropriate role models and to have victim empathy are the first steps to helping young people avoid joining gangs. the youngsters involved in gangs see crime as the norm, cullum said. homes where kids are treated with respect, given consistent discipline, and led by good example are less likely to lose a kid to the gang lifestyle. what can we do to help? according to cullum, the community must acknowledge the presence of gangs and accept that they are dangerous to fight the problem. once the problem is brought to the surface, then the community can act together to fight it. education, good parenting skills, and community outreach must all come together to keep our kids and our city safe from gangs.
__label__non_math	1.0000	what they are and how to learn more about the appellate courts and the justices who serve on them every four years, more than a third of california s court of appeal justices face california voters for retention. in addition, several of the seven justices on the california supreme court face retention elections every four years. these are not contested elections; no one may run against the justices. instead, the voters simply decide whether the justice shall continue to serve. if a majority of voters cast "yes" votes for a particular justice, that justice remains for another term. the code of judicial ethics requires all judges "to be faithful to the law regardless of partisan interests, public clamor or fear of criticism . . . ." the retention election system, adopted by california voters as part of the state constitution, is designed specifically to foster judges independence from improper external pressures. because supreme court justices hold statewide offices, voters everywhere in california decide whether to retain them. in contrast, because court of appeal justices serve in districts, voters in each district alone decide whether to retain them. california s court of appeal justices are divided among six districts, centered in san francisco, los angeles, sacramento, san diego, fresno, and san jose. supreme and appellate court justices generally do not actively campaign for retention. the only promise they can make voters is to decide appeals impartially and according to the law, without fear or favor toward any individual or group. however, they do seek to provide helpful information to voters. the justices have worked closely and actively with the secretary of state s office to help the public learn more about the appellate courts, who the appellate justices are, and what they do. as a consequence, voters everywhere in california can easily get biographical information on every justice who appears on the ballot. as to supreme court justices, the information is contained in the statewide ballot pamphlet sent to all voters by the secretary of state. as to court of appeal justices, the official statewide voter pamphlet does not contain biographical sketches, but does refer voters to an internet website and a toll-free telephone hotline so they may obtain justices biographies, either on-line or through receipt of the judicial information bookleton request. the secretary of state s internet website and judicial information booklet also include brief descriptions of the appellate courts and how they differ from trial courts. to gain access to these materials, voters may go to the secretary of state s internet website at or call the telephone hotline at 800 345-vote. while supreme and appellate court justices perform their roles quietly and without fanfare, the public can find much of their work published in law books titled "california reports," "california appellate reports" and "california reporter." each of california s counties has a public law library containing these books, as do law schools and most law offices. recently issued opinions are available on the same day they are filed at 'opinions' which is maintained by the administrative office of the courts aoc , state of california. adding to the data supplied by the secretary of state, the judicial branch s website that you are currently reading from also contains biographical information about all the appellate court justices, as well as informative articles entitled "how appellate and supreme court justices are selected" and "what appellate justices do."
__label__non_math	0.9999	handbag.com and cancer research uk have announced a new partnership with the launch of the first ever handbag amnesty. taking place throughout the month of september dedicated handbag month and climaxing in october, the handbag amnesty will give women across the country the opportunity to bid for the designer handbag of their favourite celebrity including just to name a few keira knightley, sienna miller and dame shirley bassey, to raise money to help beat cancer. handbag.com and cancer research uk are asking celebrities to make space in their wardrobes by donating one of their designer handbags to the amnesty. the bags will then be auctioned on ebay from friday 3rd sunday 14th october to tie in with breast cancer awareness month. open to everyone, all proceeds will go to cancer research uk, the largest single funder of research into breast cancer, one of the most common cancers in the uk. the handbag amnesty, however, is not just about celebrities. handbag.com and cancer research uk are also asking members of the public to donate a handbag that is still in good condition to their local cancer research uk shop. good handbags always sell like hot cakes in cancer research uk s nationwide chain of charity shops. claire higgins, head of marketing at handbag.com, says: as the leading lifestyle website for women in the uk, we are in the unique position of being able to reach more than .million women across the country. ,000 cases of breast cancer are diagnosed every year in the uk so we are very proud to be working with cancer research uk to help make a difference not only by raising a lot of money to fund research into preventing breast cancer, but also by helping to raise much needed awareness of the illness. paul farthing, director of high value relationships at cancer research uk, says: we re delighted to be working with handbag.com to launch handbag amnesty. the auction of celebrity handbags will be an exciting way to raise funds for our vital research into breast cancer. we also hope that by encouraging supporters to donate their own favourite handbag, and other unwanted quality items to our shops, we will be able to raise even more to help beat cancer. other celebrities taking part are: america ferrera ugly betty heidi montag from the hills dame judi dench julie benz from buffy the vampire slayer lauren conrad from the hills rachel stevens s club ruby hammer ruby and mille make up sophie ellis bextor for more information please visit
__label__non_math	0.9997	covenant house's commitment to accountability and transparency we work to help homeless and runaway youth escape the streets forever and move toward lives with stable housing, a solid educational foundation, and sustained employment. our strategy to achieve that goal is to find homeless and runaway youth, help them come in off the streets, and provide them the services they need to overcome their challenges. we find them through our street outreach program , through our crisis hotline , or even when they just walk into our crisis centers because they've heard of us through our many contacts and relationships in our communities. when they come in to our crisis centers, we welcome them with open arms and no questions asked. we provide a full continuum of services for our youth: healthcare, substance abuse counseling, behavioral health treatment, educational services, employment training, and long-term transitional living what we call our rights of passage program. during our more than years in existence, we've served more than million youth. today we are one of the largest providers of services to homeless and runaway youth in the world, providing services at sites in six countries in north and central america. over the years, we have had many, many success stories almost too many to count. but we count nonetheless. we believe that we must constantly measure and assess our performance serving our youth so that we can continually strive to improve the outcomes that we help our youth achieve. in order to do that, we believe that we must first understand the challenges facing all youth today, then understand the challenges facing youth we serve, and finally rigorously assess the effectiveness of the services we provide. through our covenant house institute we have developed a series of research reports in collaboration with academic partners that describe the characteristics of youth in the united states and in each state where we have a program. we have begun another series of research reports, also in collaboration with our partners, that describe the challenges faced by the youth we serve, and with the menninger foundation we undertook a rigorous research project to evaluate our performance. in that study, menninger reported that our services are "strikingly effective" in helping youth achieve the core outcomes of stable housing, educational progress, and sustained employment. since that project, we have continued to measure those core outcomes quarterly. we are also nearing the completion of an intensive quality improvement initiative with nine of our sites to evaluate our outcome data quality and performance. we are redesigning and relaunching our internal review process to continuously assess quantitative and qualitative data regarding outcomes; identify opportunities to improve our performance; and develop and implement data-driven strategies to better help our youth transition from the street to stable housing, a solid educational foundation, and sustained employment. we believe that our youth and our commitment to them demand no less.
__label__non_math	0.9993	automatically transform trade details on scanned consolidated brokerage statements into a standard microsoft excel file gruntworx trades allows you to quickly and easily manipulate trade data, perform calculations within the spreadsheet, and import the data into your tax compliance software. the gruntworx trades spreadsheet file extracts the following trade details, as listed on the consolidated brokerage statements: - security description - purchase date - sale date - sale amount - purchase amount
__label__non_math	1.0000	paul simon: live at webster hall, new york rare club appearance performing classic songs and music from his critically acclaimed new album, so beautiful or so what premieres wednesday, september at p.m. on connecticut public television cptv hartford, ct in june , paul simon thrilled his hometown fans with a special club performance at new york city s historic webster hall. the show was the culmination of a sold-out, two-month us tour about which the new york times raved salvation pursued musically. the resulting concert special, paul simon: live at webster hall, new york, gets its world premiere on connecticut public television cptv on wednesday, september at p.m. the set list was drawn from simon s legendary career and includes several songs that haven t been performed live in many years. kodachrome, mother and child reunion, gone at last and the obvious child are just some of the highlights as well as songs from simon s recently released, brilliant new album so beautiful or so what hear music concord music group , including dazzling blue, the afterlife and the album s propulsive title track. joining paul on the show is a stellar band of musicians including cameroonian guitarist vincent nguini, guitarist drummer jim oblon, pianist mick rossi, saxophonist keyboardist andrew snitzer, bassist bakithi kumalo, guitarist mark stewart, master percussionist jamey haddad and multi-instrumentalist tony cedras. paul simon, the first recipient of the library of congress george gershwin award for popular song in , is one of the most treasured musical performers in american history. cptv is proud to be the first pbs station in the country to broadcast this incredible musical event from this iconic artist who continues to work at the peak of his artistic and creative powers. about connecticut public television cptv is a media service of the connecticut public broadcasting network. it is a locally and nationally recognized producer and presenter of quality public television programming, including uconn women s basketball, original documentaries and educational programming. cptv has built a reputation as a leader in children s programming, including playing an historic role in bringing barney friends , bob the builder and thomas friends to public television. the station offers hours of positive, nurturing children s programs each weekday, reaching ,000 to ,000 households daily. the connecticut public broadcasting network cbpn also includes wnpr. wnpr is an affiliate of national public radio, public radio international and american public media. wnpr serves almost 240,000 listeners weekly in connecticut, new york and rhode island with news and information. its award-winning local programming includes the faith middleton show and where we live. overall, the network brings a broad spectrum of public affairs, entertainment, sports and educational programming to viewers, listeners and readers. for more information, visit cptv.org.
__label__non_math	0.9999	winners of cpe s distinguished achievement awards this year, cpe introduced a new awards program, the distinguished achievement awards, to recognize outstanding deals, projects and strategies of . the winners were featured in the october issue of commercial property executive. for a slideshow of the winning properties, click here. for more on the winning deals and projects, click here.
__label__non_math	1.0000	boston's arnold arboretum: a place for study and recreation-- by looking at boston's arnold arboretum: a place for study and recreation, students discover how the first arboretum in the united states became part of the burgeoning urban park movement in the second half of the 19th century. those interested in learning more will find that the internet offers a variety of interesting materials. frederick law olmsted national historic site frederick law olmsted national historic site is a unit of the national park system. visit the park's web pages for a detailed history of olmsted as well as information about the olmsted archives that has historic documentation for olmsted-designed landscapes. also featured on the site is the olmsted center for landscape preservation oclp providing technical assistance to historic properties in cultural landscape research, planning, stewardship and education. national park service nps historic landscape initiative learn more about the national park service nps historic landscape initiative. this program promotes responsible preservation practices that protect our nation's irreplaceable legacy--designed landscapes such as parks and gardens, as well as vernacular historic landscapes such as farms and industrial sites. the arnold arboretum of harvard university visit the arnold arboretum website for more information about this research and educational institution. it manages a collection of hardy trees, shrubs, and vines located on 265 acres in boston, massachusetts and associated herbarium and library collections. the grounds were planned and designed by the arboretum's first director, charles sprague sargent, in collaboration with the landscape architect, frederick law olmsted as part of boston's emerald necklace park system. visit some of the parks created by frederick law olmsted the cultural landscape foundation the cultural landscape foundation is the only not-for-profit foundation in america dedicated to increasing the public s awareness of the importance and irreplaceable legacy of cultural landscapes. visit their website for more information on what cultural landscapes are and what they represent. also learn about endangered landscapes and grassroots efforts to preserve them. library of congress visit the american memory collection web page to search through the archives for the writings of frederick law olmsted, pictures from his personal collection, and information on his various parks. also search for information on the industrialization of america, the reactionary movements to the consequences, and arnold arboretum. of special note are the environmental and landscape photographs of arnold arboretum. american journal of botany browse the american journal of botany, a journal devoted to the study of plants, for a variety of articles on botany. the industrial revolution visit the thinkquest junior web pages on the industrial revolution to explore this time period that helped spark the park movement in america. the site provides important facts about the industrial revolution, it offers fun things to do related to the facts learned, and it recommends other sources of information related to the revolution. for further reading students or educators wishing to learn more about frederick law olmsted, charles sprague sargent, or the arnold arboretum may want to read: ida hay, science in the pleasure ground: a history of arnold arboretum boston: northeastern university press, ; witold rybczynski, a clearing in the distance: frederick law olmsted and america in the nineteenth century new york: scribner, ; s. b. sutton, charles sprague sargent and the arnold arboretum cambridge: harvard university press, ; and cynthia zaitzevsky, frederick law olmsted and the boston park system cambridge: belknap press, .
__label__non_math	0.9903	what is mead? mead, also known as honey wine, is regarded as the oldest of fermented beverage and has stood the test of time. from the dawn of pre-history to today mead has long been regarded as a delicacy, often referred to as the "nectar of the gods". the earliest archaeological evidence for the production of mead dates to around bc where pottery vessels containing a mixture of mead, rice and other fruits along with organic compounds of fermentation were found in northern china. crafted artisan meadery uses the finest raw, unfiltered, unpastuerized honey as well as fruits, spices, herbs, and other natural ingredients to create an experience that is solely "mead". some of our meads are aged on oak and others not...oak does wonders to an already complex mead. our use of honey might make you think that mead is only sweet. while mead can be made as sweet as a dessert wine it can also be made dry...and anywhere in between. yes, you'll find a little of "traditional wine" and even a little of "craft beer" elements but mead is an experience all it's own. where other beverages work within the confines of industry standards and style categories mead can be broken down into a few broad categories that allow us to be as creative and unique as we want...there are no rules. traditional traditional mead is purely honey, water, and yeast. traditionals allow the chosen honey to be showcased and the drinker to explore the characteristics of that honey. tupelo, clover, orange blossom, the list is long...there is a wide array of varietal honey available each with it's own unique flavor and aroma characteristics. melomel melomels are mead crafted using fruit, honey, water and yeast. fresh and local: any fruit can be used but we tend to stick to fruits that we can source locally to ensure the freshest and best product possible. we build relationships with our vendors and often times find ourselves hauling a trailer load of cider or blueberries back from their family operations. ask us, we'd love to share with you how to find these great local farms. metheglin metheglins are mead crafted using spices and or herbs, honey, water and yeast. cinnamon, vanilla and hibiscus are just a few examples of the countless ingredients we can use. the name "metheglin" finds it origins in the welsh translation "medicine" where these herbal elixirs were seen as have healing powers. we can't vouch for medicinal qualities but can say that a good metheglin is tough to beat. pyment pyments are mead crafted using wine grapes, honey, water, and yeast. while being a type of melomel pyments are worth noting for their combination of elements of both wine and mead. while using red or white grapes honey is used to create something that is truly unique. cyser cysers are mead crafted using apple cider, honey, and yeast. being in northeast ohio we are in a prime location for some of the best tasting and freshest apple cider around. with our local sources we are usually able to begin a cyser fermentation within a day or two of the cider being pressed. with the number of apple and honey varieties available there is an endless array of flavors to create.
__label__non_math	1.0000	- the page may no longer exist. - your session may have timed out. - the specific product may no longer be available and has been removed. we're here to help you find just what you need. continue your search here: visit the craftsman.com homepage.
__label__non_math	0.9987	take advantage of exclusive club savings and online features such as club savers days and project downloads. what can i expect? the experts at kmart will professionally deliver your item to your home, assemble it, inspect it for cosmetic defects, test it to make sure that everything is in perfect working order, show you how to operate it, answer your questions and remove all packaging before they go. great price messaging this bundle is offered at a great price. because the items in this bundle deliver high levels of quality, style and features at great prices every day, additional discounts do not apply
__label__non_math	0.9365	butterflies in bloom type of item: home decor what was your inspiration? a chance to use a different style of applique. what are you most proud of? i really like how the butterflies turned out. of course, i would have changed some of the colours of the flowers as they are too much like the butterflies. this really made me want to learn how to add definition through paints and more thread work. what advice would you give someone starting this project? be patient there are a lot of pieces.
__label__non_math	1.0000	welcome to the home of edinburgh born boxer craig mcewan. after going for a holiday to the states with wife sally, craigs talent was soon noticed by freddy roach one of the best boxing coaches in the world. please feel free to look around the official craig mcewan website. craig has sponsorship packages for business click here for more info or download information on below. future sales factory craig mcewan
__label__non_math	0.9959	staffing guest blog -- david e. schweighoefer the accountable care act: more ripples in the health care pond blog entry: , in our continuing effort to walk the straight and narrow during this contentious election year, have you noticed the increase in political noise about medicare reform? let us not pick sides, but let us, instead, attempt to examine the facts. ripple: the medicare system as we know it is broken. the non-partisan congressional budget office's new cost estimates raise projected medicare spending by billion over the next decade. the reason lower productivity and higher-than-expected costs for goods and services. ripple: the widely discussed ryan plan does not now propose the use of vouchers. his original plan did in the budget resolution passed in in the 111th congress. the budget resolution, passed in the 112th congress by the house of representatives, does not include the term or the concept. ryan's new plan is known as premium support . seniors who retire in and later could choose from a variety of government-approved, competing and comprehensive health insurance plans, at different prices with different levels of service, including traditional fee-for-service medicare. unlike vouchers, seniors could only pick a pre-approved plan. private insurers could bid for seniors' health insurance alongside traditional medicare. ryan's plan would offer federal money to cover premiums equal to the second lowest bidder an amount updated every year meaning seniors would always have at least two choices of plans at no cost. a senior would have the option of taking that plan or taking a cheaper plan and pocketing some of the savings, or taking a more expensive plan and paying the difference, explained avik roy,senior fellow at the manhattan institute avik roy. observation : given the sometimes unsavory behavior of private commercial insurers, imagine their thoughts when seniors come knocking at the door with a premium support check. hmmm elderly folks, usually with one or more chronic disease processes, taking many medications, with a check in hand ..for a finite amount of money. hmmmm .do we really want to bid to serve this risk-laden population? you'd think commercial insurers would rather opt for the current system, in which they essentially limit their down-side exposure because so many seniors use medicare. and now we suggest grandma and grandpa go out and shop for health insurance. have you tried that lately? observation : if you really want to limit government spending on medicare, and yet we know already that the ever-growing senior population will need more and more expensive care, i can only wonder if the seniors are prepared to ante up the difference. another ripple: the accountable care act aca requires individual and group health insurers to spend a specified minimum percentage called the medical loss ratio or mlr of the premiums they receive each year on healthcare claims and quality improvement activities. insurers that fail to meet the mlr requirement for a given year must pay rebates to their policyholders, either in the form of cash, premium credits, debit or credit card reimbursements, and so forth. well guess what? i got my check from my health insurer. outstanding are democrats unfairly demonizing the ryan medicare plan? should ohio have an aca inspired insurance exchange ? stay tuned.
__label__non_math	1.0000	arizona common core standards - designed as a one-stop resource for all of your common core needs, this link includes specific content for teachers, administrators, students, families and community leaders. the communications toolkit has been created to help superintendents, principals, teachers and other community leaders easily communicate to parents, community partners and the public about the standards. additional resources for common core information: resource links for staff outlook web access login -- to access your outlook account, when you have the pop up box, type in 'crane ' then your e and password associated with that login.
__label__non_math	0.9996	you know what i stink at and by stink i mean really suck ? it s true. bc and i are both way out of our element. at our first house we ripped out changed so many things that we decided to hire a professional when we moved to this house. he was a nice guy and came up with a lovely plan. then, we paid some more nice people to install it all, so that we wouldn t screw it up. all of this is great, in theory until all those nice people left. we needed help. we still need help, which is why i m so excited about the jordan valley home garden club. the jordan valley home and garden club was founded to provide learning opportunities specifically geared to do-it-yourself homeowners. landscaping is an important part of setting the home s tone. the club will provide a wealth of landscaping and garden design education, but there will also be a mix of interior and exterior diy projects a little something for everyone. best of all? there is no club membership fee. this is especially awesome if you don t want to have guilt about not using the skills information you spent a ton of money acquiring. he he he. if you re a local, the jordan valley home and garden club activities will kick off with a summer soiree and garden tour on june , at p.m. tickets to the summer soiree are available online. the event features some fun bloggers you may be familiar with including justin and cassity kmetzsch, from remodelaholic; sausha khoundet, from sweet pickins and leanne jacobs from organize and decorate everything, along with several great classes. i can only vouch for leanne ,but she s delightful and i m sure the others are equally awesome. the summer soiree will include some awesome giveaways stuff like a rug that was featured in country living magazine one of my faves , as well as furniture from sweet pickins and forsey s furniture. if you can t make the kick off event and i can t boo , regular home and garden club classes will begin july , at noon. the classes are free you can register online. if you re not a local because i know most of you aren t , information will be available on the club s facebook page following each class. so, who s with me? who s taking charge of their yard once and for all? who s saying no to your retired neighbors offering to rip out a dead tree in your yard so they ll have something to do ? that totally happened. last month. i really need this.
__label__non_math	0.7597	randy de puniet led a crt one-two during friday afternoon practice for the motogp season finale at a drying valencia. following a wet morning, a dry line began to emerge early in the afternoon session. but the circuit never fully dried and only a handful of riders - led by de puniet - made the switch to slicks. de puniet took his aspar art to a best lap of 1m .965s on his eighth of nine laps, but later parked his machine due to a technical problem. next quickest was gresini crt rider michele pirro, .119s behind the frenchman. ducati riders nicky hayden - quickest in the wet this morning - karel abraham and valentino rossi were the only manufacturer competitors to fit slicks on their way to third, fourth and fifth. five riders - including the top four in the world championship; jorge lorenzo, dani pedrosa, casey stoner and andrea dovizioso - decided against recording a lap time in the mixed conditions. behind rossi, danilo petrucci ioda , ivan silva avintia , roberto rolfo speed master , james ellison pbm and hiroshi aoyama avintia completed the afternoon top ten. the valencia circuit has been resurfaced prior to this year's event.friday practice : . randy de puniet . michele pirro . nicky hayden . karel abraham . valentino rossi . danilo petrucci . ivan silva . roberto rolfo . james ellison . hiroshi aoyama . claudio corti . cal crutchlow . alvaro bautista . katsuyuki nakasuga . aleix espargaro . hector barbera . colin edwards
__label__non_math	0.8018	add to favorites discover the beauty, and functionality, of ancient native american pottery pottery in any culture is an age-old practice that was originally practical and eventually became seen as an art form. ancient native american pieces are beautifully decorated ceramics that are not only functional but a pleasure to look at as well. choose a style of pottery from one native nation to replicate. based on the style of the pot, choose an armature such as a recycled container or crumpled aluminum foil. cover this basic form with a thin crayola model magic layer. add embellishments to your pot by creating ropes, leather cords, feathers, and beads, as appropriate to the culture and time period, and affixing them to your pot. for even edges, cut the compound with crayola scissors. one way to make beads is to cut a long piece of fishing line. make small model magic balls and wrap them around the fishing line about half-way down the length. leave enough fishing line uncovered so you can use it to wrap around the lip of the pot later. try making different shapes of beads and alternating colors to get different patterns. another way to make beads is by wrapping the model magic compound around short pieces of plastic straws. you can then string your beads any way you like. at the end of a string of beads on native pottery, there are often large decorative feathers. roll out model magic compound into feathers. combine different colors for multicolor feathers. then take a craft stick or other modeling tool to etch in the feather s vein and the edges. press the feather on the fishing line at the end of your beads. cut off any fishing line that sticks out on the bottom. wrap the extra fishing line around the lip of the pot and tie a knot. you can hide the fishing line by covering the lip with cords or other decorative elements. adorn your pot with a beautiful rope by braiding three long pieces of model magic compound and then wrapping the braid around the lip. add leather-like cords by rolling out long pieces of model magic compound and pressing them a little flat. then twist and hang them on your pot. model magic dries to the touch overnight and dries completely in to days. study native american use of animal hides for homes and clothing. add to favorites how do people communicate when the landscape is as barren and forbidding as arctic tundra? make a stone message board in make a realistic replica of a hopi messenger from the spirit world. incorporate natural objects to explore this traditio tell bigger-than-life raven stories from the tlingit, salish, and haida nations. build a miniature theatre to set the st interview relatives about your family history. write and illustrate the story of your family's past on a scroll you can create an original pop-art repetitive portrait based on a study the life and work of andy warhol. picasso s art career spanned many decades and included a variety of styles and influences. create a portrait collage ins update an ancient craft with contemporary designs and art materials. these holiday ornaments are light and unbreakable, our crayons have been rolling off the assembly line since , and you can see how it s done. be the first to know
__label__non_math	0.9994	intensive outpatient program the iop is twelve-weeks of three sessions of three hours duration per week. the sessions will be delivered in a group format. each session has a similar structure but with different topics for each psycho-educational group and group session component. components of a three hour session include a subset of the following: community meeting: the community meeting consists of four parts. - introductions have all members introduce themselves. - clinic announcements - have each member of the group state something about which he or she are proud. - have each member of the group state something with which he or she needs help. group members and the counselor can offer to help the patient in the non-clinical area for which they are requesting help. this is not an issues group and the counselor should not delve into clinical issues, those should be handled in either group or individual sessions. psycho-educational group: each group is interactive and should be presented in a manner to foster participation from the patients on the topic being discussed. refer to discussion module schedules goals group: each patient should state his or her goals for the week. the patient will be working towards these goals both in sessions and as homework assignments and work outside of the session. every week the patient will report on the progress of their weekly goals, as well as set new goals. group session: each session will follow a topic that the counselor will use to encourage patients to have an open and interactive discussion. refer to discussion module schedules session ii of each week is for involvement of family members significant others. each patient should bring with them family members significant others who will be important in their recovery process. patients without any family significant other support, will still be required to participate in these lectures and groups sessions. multi-family group is designed to further discuss the topics that are presented in the psycho-educational group and to also discuss how the patient s addiction has impacted their family support system. relapse prevention group: this group is designed to help patients avoid relapse. the counselor will lead the group discussion based on the topics identified on the discussion schedule . each patient should identify and discuss his or her own issues related to the discussion topics.
__label__non_math	0.9724	dinosaur bones "buried" by evolutionists a recent presentation at the western pacific geophysics meeting in singapore showed c-dates of soft tissue found in dinosaur bones to be in the range from ,000 - ,000 years old. previously, it has been assumed that dinosaurs died out over million years ago, so these new findings are astonishing and should have made international news. but shortly after the presentation was made at the meeting, the abstract was removed from the meeting s website so it appears that instead of making international news, these findings have been buried. first, let s look at what was actually being presented. the organic matter collagen and hard carbonate bone mineral bioapatite in the bone samples were analyzed. the samples came from several species of dinosaurs acrocanthosaur, hadrosaurus, triceratops and apatosaurus taken from various sites in texas, colorado, arkansas and montana. the samples were meticulously handled and cleaned to avoid possible contamination. the carbon- c- levels in these samples were measured using accelerator mass spectrometry ams . the resultant c-ages obtained from these samples were consistently in the ,000 - ,000 years range. the fact that the samples were from a variety of species and sites all giving consistent results greatly reduces the chance that the results are from contamination. the theoretical upper limit for c-dating is ten times the half-life, or about ,000 years. the proposed practical upper limit for c-dating is between ,000 - ,000 years. while some samples fell close to the ,000 year upper limit, out of were aged at ,000 years or younger, well within the acceptable upper c-dating limits. while other researchers have found soft tissue in dinosaur bones and c-dates in these ranges, this current study has been the most comprehensive. the fact that there is any collagen at all remaining in these bone samples is amazing, considering that they are supposed to be older than million years. protein just doesn t hang around that long we truly are living in an age of great deception. and for this cause god shall send them strong delusion, that they should believe a lie. thessalonians this article, by creation moments board member dr. don clark, is based on an interview broadcast by broken road radio. to hear the interview and many others on biblical creation topics, go to
__label__math	0.5346	this low-poly model is suitable for integration in videogames and realtime technology . the texture contains backing occlusion, premultiplied with the addition of normal map. the model is fully articulated with animations: the rendering shown was made using vray materials and scene setup provided in the file max vray lights, vray materials and environment for scene setup . the fbx format included in the package can be used as it is provided, and is not editabable. to get the same quality of rendering images in the gallery, you must set independently the materials, lights and photo set. with the fbx will not be possible to reach the same level of smoothing tesseling version of max. for any doubt or questions, please contact us before purchasing. need this 3d model in another format? we provide free conversions, please contact support to verify we can provide the format. please use the support forum to ask any questions. and of course if you buy, please rate my product in the review section.
__label__non_math	0.9996	silver star wreath silver shooting stars top an evergreen wreath creating a fresh new look for your holiday door. you ll love the eclectic design of the star and evergreen combination. great gift " diameter x " deep flat rate shipping: all orders any size ship for just excluding free shipping promotions . flat rate is for shipping within us, except ak and hi. find similar products by keyword time to ship out: most orders ship next business day. all s h charges and related sales are estimated for orders within the contiguous united states. for alaska, hawaii, apo, and international orders, a representative from ridgewood designs will contact you with the associated s h charges. thanks so much. i absolutely adore your wreaths as you can tell by my repeated orders. customer testimonial yw, australia
__label__non_math	0.9452	brussels ap -- the european union's economic affairs commissioner says the eurozone is seriously considering forcing greece to set up a separate fiscal account that would be dedicated to repay its debts as part of a new bailout. such an account, which could take in the new bailout money or even part of greece's general government revenue, would be an unprecedented intrusion into the fiscal affairs of a sovereign state. it was proposed by germany and france earlier this week. under that proposal, revenues would go first to servicing greece's debt before paying for government services. olli rehn said thursday such a separate account, which was proposed by germany and france earlier this week, was "one relevant possibility of reinforcing surveillance and ensuring effective implementation of the bailout program."
__label__non_math	0.9987	south africa s 1st halaal tourism conference to be held on the may the durban chamber of commerce industry, in partnership with durban tourism, will be hosting south africa s 1st halaal tourism conference at the elangeni hotel, durban on may . flavours of siam at aquamarine singapore, february savour your favourite thai dishes at aquamarine as we bring guest chef aek charttrakul and his team from bangkok s suan dusit international culinary, only in the month of march. be transported to the land of smiles as aquamarie transforms into a mini thailand complete with traditional music and decorations. whet your appetite with chef aek s signature dishes including appetisers such as kao tang na tang crispy rice crackers with chicken dip , mee krob crispy noodles in sweet sour sauce and yam pla duk foo crispy catfish green mango salad . "the future is halal" on bbc radio on 21st august a culture wise production for bbc radio , the program is presented by navid akhtar and produced by mukti jain campion.
__label__math	0.9837	as part of a complete crestron lighting system, the clxi-1mc4 motor control module provides control of up to bidirectional motors for drapes, blinds, projection screens, lifts, etc. each channel is rated for amps or hp, with a total module rating of amps. the clxi-1mc4 occupies a single module space in any caen or caenib automation enclosure. termination of high-voltage wiring to the module is facilitated by a clti-1mc4 terminal block, sold separately to enable termination of the wiring anytime prior to installing the module. clxi modules are controlled by the pac2 and pac2m professional automation control systems via the cresnet network. a -wire link provides bussing of the cresnet and override signals between modules within an enclosure interconnect jumpers included .
__label__non_math	1.0000	send us news by text, start your message cn news and your send photos and videos to three wishes to find the next generation of olympic stars in east lancashire in the third of a four-part series into how east lancashire can capitalise on the success of our athletes in the london olympics, local government reporter bill jacobs asked a range of people across east lancashire for their three wishes about how to get children involved in sport and find the next generation of medal winners from the area. david whyte, principal of st wilfrid s academy, blackburn - specialist pe ambassador for small groups of primary schools contributing to an area-coordinated approach to identify and develop talent. - regional opportunities to offer a variety of training camps during holiday periods with top coaches. - schools and clubs need to forge closer links whilst our best athletes should be drawn to other sports rather than being sucked into being almost successful footballers. brendan loughran, principal, darwen aldridge community academy and specialist sports college - plan and establish a network of secondary schools specialising in sports. - we need a community approach where these schools place specialist pe staff into primary schools and there is support available to establish local school and sports club partnerships. - promoting and supporting elite practice bring highest quality coaches into schools. jim bowen, accrington teacher turned tv and radio personality - we need to put a greater emphasis in schools on competitive sport not just with other schools but within the schools as the real world is competitive. - more dedicated physical education and sports teachers. - greater respect in schools for pe and sports as part of the curriculum - the same as for maths, english and other academic subjects. wayne hemingway, a blackburn designer - a change of media emphasis from empty-headed celebrities who have achieved nothing to people who have worked hard to achieve like our olympic sports stars. - a shift in emphasis in schools means of measuring achievement from just in terms of achievement in gcses, english, maths and a-levels to a wider measure. - paying state teachers to supervise after-school coaching and saturday matches. janet walsh, head teacher of colne primet high school - further development of the school sports partnership scheme to also involve an element of brokerage for schools to contact or make links with sports people who can do work in schools. - a review of legislation which constrains some aspects of school sport eg teachers minibus driving eligibility. - help schools in encouraging the sporting nature of supporting all competitors in a match or event. samantha murray, clitheroe s modern pentathlon olympic silver medallist - more interschool sports competitions. - more people joining the ribble valley modern pentathlon team in clitheroe. - closer links between schools and sports clubs so that parents and children can find out how to access their local clubs. sophie hitchon, blackburn harrier and burnley s olympic shot put finalist - i would like to see more sports available for children to try at school to help them find what they are naturally good at - more competitive sport in schools - more funding for sports clubs, to make it cheaper for participants. steven burke, colne s olympic gold-medal winning cyclist - now the olympic games have come to an end, i hope what the cycling team in particular has achieved will inspire people of all ages to ride their bikes. - more coverage in the media of bike races and events. - future olympians from lancashire achieve olympic glory helen tyson, school games organiser for burnley school sports partnership - continuation of secondary teacher release funding - local specialist secondary pe teachers to support primary schools to deliver high quality pe and school sport after the academic year . - cross party government policy that places pe and school sport as a priority alongside english and maths, with a committed allocation of time for children to participate in school sport both competitive and recreational. - investment in a school sport coaching programme that trains, deploys and funds coaches to deliver specialist sports coaching in schools.
__label__non_math	0.9996	kiwis plan to play it hard after being accused of taking the traditional lilac hill festival game a little too seriously last week, the touring new zealander's say they intend to do the same against australia in the upcoming twenty20 international. the black caps kicked off their limited overs tour of australia at the festival game in wa's swan valley wine region last friday, a game usually more notable for the off-field festivities than the on-field rivalries. but the kiwis showed their intent by declining to play with an orange ball, insisting on a toss and then ignoring the tradition of tourists batting first, inserting the cricket australia chairman's xi on a greenish wicket. despite all that, the kiwis still lost by seven runs, after a battering from luke pomersbach and david hussey and then failing to dominate a bowling attack including wa veterans jo angel and ryan campbell. however, spinner jeetan patel said the kiwis would adopt a similar attitude at the waca on tuesday in a bid to fire an early psychological shot ahead of the chappell-hadlee series. "the guys are really raring to go," patel told aap. "if we get over the line on tuesday then it boosts morale again, and we can hopefully push home that advantage in that first chappell-hadlee trophy game in adelaide." " lilac hill was very useful, obviously the result did not go our way and that was ... a little bit disappointing, but we had a good bowl and a good bat for overs. "but australia are just full of a lot of talent and a lot of depth, so we have really got to be on our game to firstly get up in the twenty20, and then defend the chappell hadlee." the pedestrian over rate from new zealand at lilac hill also raised some eyebrows, with the first overs taking an hour, and the chairman's xi overs taking four hours to complete. patel said as a spinner he could also be looking to slow things down on tuesday against an australian team still powerful despite the absence of skipper ricky ponting and matthew hayden. "personally it is quite tough being a spinner, and you sort of expect to go for more than six an over . if you can keep it as six you have done a decent job," patel said. "we had good fun in the twenty20 in south africa, and bowled pretty well there, so hopefully i can take the confidence going into the game. "the thing with being a spinner in this form of the game is that you can take the pace right off the ball, or really heat it up."
__label__non_math	0.9956	by julian guyer nottingham england : alastair cook continued to answer all those who doubt his limited overs ability with an unbeaten as england thrashed sri lanka by wickets in the fourth one-day international. england's win at trent bridge on wednesday squared the five-match series at -heading into saturday's finale at old trafford. cook, england's new permanent one-day captain didn't even find a place in the squad for the world cup in the sub-continent earlier this year on account of the left-handed opener being supposedly too slow a run-scorer for the one-day game. but at trent bridge the -year-old made his runs in just balls with fours as he and craig kieswetter not out shared a new england record partnership for any wicket against sri lanka of 171. cook's innings followed his career-best 119 during england's six-wicket defeat at lord's on sunday. "it's very rewarding, for all the hard work i've been putting in," cook told reporters. "i've always known i can play the one-day game; it's just a matter of trying to prove it to people. "if i can keep batting like that, at that tempo -- which i've shown this series -- it holds me in good stead." sri lanka annoyed england by effectively delaying their victory at lord's so as dinesh chadimal could get to a hundred. but the -year-old cook insisted he had no problems with the big-hitting kieswetter preventing him recording his second straight century. "he did ask, which is fair enough," cook said. "but this is the way we want to play our cricket, and proves that the team is always more important than those personal milestones. "he just said 'shall i look for ones, or hit a six?' so he hit a six." "when you win by wickets and play as well as that, it doesn't get much better," cook added. england's victory was all but assured after they dismissed sri lanka for just 174 -- their target was reduced to 171 when rain meant two overs were lost from the second innings. james anderson took three wickets for runs in eight overs and fellow seamer jade dernbach three wickets in balls on what looked a classic english 'green-top' wicket. it was the kind of surface rarely seen anywhere in modern international cricket, with the majority of pitches closer to the kind of dry sub-continental track on which eventual losing finalists sri lanka beat england by wickets in a world cup quarter-final in colombo in march. "when we saw the pitch, it was exactly what we asked for, the groundsman steve birks can take a lot of credit for that," cook said. "it was very brave to leave that much grass on for us. i think it was very clear we had to play four seamers." however, cook insisted the ball had not deviated wildly off the wicket "i think the sri lankans looked at it and thought it might have done more than it did." "a lot's been made of this wicket, but the way we played at the end proves it's the best we've played on in these four games." sri lanka captain tillakaratne dilshan paid tribute to anderson after falling to the swing bowler in the first over of the match for a duck. "he bowled really well, and used the conditions. they took three wickets in the first six overs, and it pushed us back after that." however, dilshan added: "if we get runs on the board, we can win the next match and the series.
__label__non_math	0.9935	originally posted by burgey lies, damn lies and statistics shows the level of superiority, you would have to say, rather than the level of skill. i've often said that the most important thing to look for in a stat is what's left out. in this case it's the decline in australian batting over the last few years that would be relevant. still, some great numbercruching. economy rates would be good to look into too. england have bowled so well as a pack rather than relying on individual stardom as in and
__label__non_math	0.9933	originally posted by benchmark00 by unions. enjoy your eight hour day? paid sick leave? wwcc - loyaulte mi lie "people make me happy.. not places.. people" "when a man is tired of london, he is tired of life." - samuel johnson "oh my god, there's a castle
__label__non_math	0.9994	bangladesh batsman tamim iqbal has been named as the cricket world player of the week aferafter his return to form coincided with a two-game winning streak in zimbabwe. iqbal hit and in the final two one-day internationals in bulawayo as bangladesh closed the five-match series with six-wicket and -run wins. a timely return to form for tamim iqbal underpined bangladesh's six-wicket win over zimbabwe in the fourth one-day international in bulawayo. zimbabwe captain brendan taylor scored a battling century for the home side but having chosen to rest craig ervine and brian vitori, they were unable to get enough runs on the board. zimbabwe sparked joyous scenes among the crowd in harare by holding their nerve to pull off a five-run win over bangladesh in the third one-day international that put them into an unassailable -series lead. they were almost denied by mushfiqur rahim's maiden odi century but he was the last man to be dismissed, caught at long-on going for the winning hit, as bangladesh were dismissed for 245 in reply to zimbabwe's 250 for seven. zimbabwe moved into a -series lead over bangladesh with a seven-wicket victory in the second of five one-day internationals in harare. batting first, bangladesh were dismissed for 188, once again enduring a terrible start as brian vitori followed up one five-wicket haul on debut with another, returning five for as the tourists were reduced to for six in the 19th over. brian vitori marked his debut with a five-wicket haul and vusi sibanda scored as zimbabwe beat bangladesh by four wickets in the first one-day international in harare. left-arm seamer vitori returned five for as bangladesh were bowled out for 184 and sibanda anchored zimbabwe's reply as they chased down their target in .overs. bangladesh batsman shahriar nafees believes that his side can put behind them their disappointing 130-run defeat in the test match against zimbabwe and win the one-day international series. with the team now fully focussed on the upcoming three-match series, that begins on 12th august in harare, nafees is looking for a stronger all-rounder performance. zimbabwe captain brendan taylor has been named as the cricket world player of the week after he scored a half-century and a century in leading his side to a test win over bangladesh. taylor was appointed as skipper for zimbabwe's return to test cricket following six years on the sidelines and he delivered in style. bangladesh were dismissed for 244 on the final day of their only test in harare, handing victory to zimbabwe by 130 runs as they made a winning comeback to five-day cricket. bangladesh had been set an unlikely 375 to win and resumed on 112 for three before they were bowled out in .overs with seamer kyle jarvis taking four for . icc chief executive haroon lorgat has said he is encouraged following zimbabwe's 'responsible' return to test cricket, which has seen them take on bangladesh in a one-off match in harare. lorgat is in harare to watch the game and show his support for zimbabwe's return following six years of voluntary withdrawal from playing tests. zimbabwe will go into their one-off test against bangladesh in confident mood after a strong zimbabwe xi team beat the touring bangladeshis by four wickets in a three-day warm-up game. forster mutizwa stroked an unbeaten as zimbabwe chased down 225 for six to win in the final innings having earlier been bowled out for just 113 in their first innings. bangladesh have named their squad for their upcoming tour of zimbabwe, picking uncapped players shuvaguto horn and nasir hossain. the -man squad will play one test and five one-day internationals with the test match, from 4th to 8th august, being zimbabwe's first for five years. sri lanka interim coach stuart law is to take over as bangladesh coach following the end of sri lanka's tour of england as the successor to compatriot jamie siddons. law was appointed as sri lanka's coach for the tour of england following trevor bayliss's decision to step down following the world cup, where sri lanka ended as runners-up to india.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the winners are: better together imagine cartridge: kate's kitchen imagine cartridge: two giveaways in one week winners, please send your name, address and what you won to us at email and we'll get these sent out to you. check back for melanie's fabulous project in the morning be sure and check out joy's and melanie's personal blogs for more creative goodness at obsessed with scrapbooking and courtney lane designs subscribe to everyday cricut to learn more about ways to use the cricut in your cardmaking and scrapbooking
__label__non_math	0.9801	we re all woowoo now - even those of us only listen to the wannabe reptiles of the abc but were still sucked into the blame vortex. tell us the one about the rabbot who could only drive backwards for christmas. excellent take on the state of oz radio. the whole prank thing is what happens when people start catering to a bunch of eight year old children. enjoyed the little extras in the wall signs, mr dog. especially toady, fm . any relation to your mentor mr frog? isn t the blame vortex , the logical consequence of the everybody is fair game now tsunami and the anything goes pandemic . ps: why does woowoo remind me of wendy harmer? what use is good taste when you ve got ratings and commercials sponsors to push to work for? i just wish to make it perfectly clear to everybody that the plonker depicted in this toon, although of a reasonable approximation in appearance, is not me. i also deny that i spoken with or had any form of conjugal relations with tina in epping for a number of years. mr onthemoon, you shall be hearing from my leg department. what about your legless department, plonkoclock? they re at lunch.. it would really have been funny and made great radio if the chaser bloke dressed in bed sheets and a beard had been snotted by the bush fbi sniper. then we would really have something to laugh about. not me: i listen to 3rrr so you re saying it s been photoshopped plonk ? i can see some pixelation in panel . thanks for that fd. i missed yesterday s sunday extra on radio national with froggo, doggo and j-slo but this podcast has me all caught up. i remember when john hopoate was dating this guy .. andybob, i ll shop anybody if the price is right. also, it s spelled teena and it was bentleigh, not epping.. plonk, re teena and bentleigh, now that firsty has acquired a prestigious journalism award it s carte blanche for inaccurate reporting. summed it up perfectly as only a walkely award winner could. excellent work today fd. all that s missing is a certain mad dog with an axe. but i guess lawyers have no sense of irony. or humour level , william st, ph: 985 502 fax:
__label__non_math	0.9999	crime magazine is about true crime: organized crime, celebrity crime, serial killers, corruption, sex crimes, capital punishment, prisons, assassinations, justice issues, crime books, crime films and crime studies. ypsilanti, mich. on tuesday, a federal jury convicted a former janitor at the university of michigan of enslaving and abusing four west african boys. he held the boys in his home for five years and pretended that they were his own children. jean-claude kodjo toviave, a native of the west african nation of togo, could face up to years in prison after being convicted on four counts of forced labor. toviave, , was originally arrested in may after three of the boys reported the abuse to counselors at a middle school. toviave, whose sentencing is set for feb. , smuggled the four boys into the country from togo by using fake passports with false names and birth dates. claiming the boys were his own biological children, he went as far as enrolling the three youngest ages , , and in a public middle school. read more
__label__non_math	1.0000	the annual crist the report tracks data back to . the most current volatility report breaks new ground and follows up on story lines from previous reports to highlight changes and new perspectives.
__label__non_math	0.9883	note: in japan, it is customary to refer to a person with their last name first. we have retained this practice in the below excerpt from kurosawa s text. the gate was growing larger and larger in my mind s eye. i was location-scouting in the ancient capital of kyoto for rashomon, my eleventh-century period film. the daiei management was not very happy with the project. they said the content was difficult and the title had no appeal. they were reluctant to let the shooting begin. day by day, as i waited, i walked around kyoto and the still-more-ancient capital of nara a few miles away, studying the classical architecture. the more i saw, the larger the image of the rashomon gate became in my mind. at first i thought my gate should be about the size of the entrance gate to toji temple in kyoto. then it became as large as the tengaimon gate in nara, and finally as big as the main two-story gates of the ninnaji and todaiji temples in nara. this image enlargement occurred not just because i had the opportunity to see real gates dating from that period, but because of what i was learning, from documents and relics, about the long-since-destroyed rashomon gate itself. rashomon actually refers to the rajomon gate; the name was changed in a noh play written by kanze nobumitsu. rajo indicates the outer precincts of the castle, so rajomon means the main gate to the castle s outer grounds. the gate for my film rashomon was the main gate to the outer precincts of the ancient capital-- -- kyoto was at that time called heian-kyo. if one entered the capital through the rajomon gate and continued due north along the main thoroughfare of the metropolis, one came to the shujakumon gate at the end of it, and the toji and saiji temples to the east and west, respectively. considering this city plan, it would have been strange had the outer main gate not been the biggest gate of all. there is tangible evidence that it in fact was: the blue roof tiles that survive from the original rajomon gate show that it was large. but, no matter how much research we did, we couldn t discover the actual dimensions of the vanished structure. as a result, we had to construct the rashomon gate to the city based on what we could learn from looking at extant temple gates, knowing that the original was probably different. what we built as a set was gigantic. it was so immense that a complete roof would have buckled the support pillars. using the artistic device of dilapidation as an excuse, we constructed only half a roof and were able to get away with our measurements. to be historically accurate, the imperial palace and the shujakumon gate should have been visible looking north through our gate. but on the daiei back lot such distances were out of the question, and even if we had been able to find the space, the budget would have made it impossible. we made do with a cut-out mountain to be seen through the gate. even so, what we built was extraordinarily large for an open set. when i took this project to daiei, i told them the only sets i would need were the gate and the tribunal courtyard wall where all the survivors, participants and witnesses of the rape and murder that form the story of the film are questioned. everything else, i promised them, would be shot on location. based on this low-budget set estimate, daiei happily took on the project. later, kawaguchi matsutaro, at that time a daiei executive, complained that they had really been fed a line. to be sure, only the gate set had to be built, but for the price of that one mammoth set they could have had over a hundred ordinary sets. but, to tell the truth, i hadn t intended so big a set to begin with. it was while i was kept waiting all that time that my research deepened and my image of the gate swelled to its startling proportions. when i had finished scandal for the shochiku studios, daiei asked if i wouldn t direct one more film for them. as i cast about for what to film, i suddenly remembered a script based on the short story yabu no naka in a grove by akutagawa ryunosuke. it had been written by hashimoto shinobu, who had been studying under director itami mansaku. it was a very well-written piece, but not long enough to make into a feature film. this hashimoto had visited my home, and i talked with him for hours. he seemed to have substance, and i took a liking to him. he later wrote the screenplays for ikiru and shichinin no samurai seven samurai, with me. the script i remembered was his akutagawa adaptation called male-female. probably my subconscious told me it was not right to have put that script aside; probably i was without being aware of it wondering all the while if i couldn t do something with it. at that moment the memory of it jumped out of one of those creases in my brain and told me to give it a chance. at the same time i recalled that in a grove is made up of three stories, and realized that if i added one more, the whole would be just the right length for a feature film. then i remembered the akutagawa story rashomon. like in a grove, it was set in the heian period 794- . the film rashomon took shape in my mind. since the advent of the talkies in the 1930s, i felt, we had misplaced and forgotten what was so wonderful about the old silent movies. i was aware of the aesthetic loss as a constant irritation. i sensed a need to go back to the origins of the motion picture to find this peculiar beauty again; i had to go back into the past. in particular, i believed that there was something to be learned from the spirit of the french avant-garde films of the 1920s. yet in japan at this time we had no film library. i had to forage for old films, and try to remember the structure of those i had seen as a boy, ruminating over the aesthetics that had made them special. rashomon would be my testing ground, the place where i could apply the ideas and wishes growing out of my silent-film research. to provide the symbolic background atmosphere, i decided to use the akutagawa in a grove story, which goes into the depths of the human heart as if with a surgeon s scalpel, laying bare its dark complexities and bizarre twists. these strange impulses of the human heart would be expressed through the use of an elaborately fashioned play of light and shadow. in the film, people going astray in the thicket of their hearts would wander into a wider wilderness, so i moved the setting to a large forest. i selected the virgin forest of the mountains surrounding nara, and the forest belonging to the komyoji temple outside kyoto. there were only eight characters, but the story was both complex and deep. the script was done as straightforwardly and briefly as possible, so i felt i should be able to create a rich and expansive visual image in turning it into a film. fortunately, i had as cinematographer a man i had long wanted to work with, miyagawa kazuo; i had hayasaka to compose the music and matsuyama as art director. the cast was mifune toshiro, mori masayuki, kyo machiko, shimura takashi, chiaki minoru, ueda kichijiro, kato daisuke and honma fumiko; all were actors whose temperaments i knew, and i could not have wished for a better line-up. moreover, the story was supposed to take place in summer, and we had, ready to hand, the scintillating midsummer heat of kyoto and nara. with all these conditions so neatly met, i could ask nothing more. all that was left was to begin the film. however, one day just before the shooting was to start, the three assistant directors daiei had assigned me came to see me at the inn where i was staying. i wondered what the problem could be. it turned out that they found the script baffling and wanted me to explain it to them. please read it again more carefully, i told them. if you read it diligently, you should be able to understand it because it was written with the intention of being comprehensible. but they wouldn t leave. we believe we have read it carefully, and we still don t understand it at all; that s why we want you to explain it to us. for their persistence i gave them this simple explanation: human beings are unable to be honest with themselves about themselves. they cannot talk about themselves without embellishing. this script portrays such human beings the kind who cannot survive without lies to make them feel they are better people than they really are. it even shows this sinful need for flattering falsehood going beyond the grave even the character who dies cannot give up his lies when he speaks to the living through a medium. egoism is a sin the human being carries with him from birth; it is the most difficult to redeem. this film is like a strange picture scroll that is unrolled and displayed by the ego. you say that you can t understand this script at all, but that is because the human heart itself is impossible to understand. if you focus on the impossibility of truly understanding human psychology and read the script one more time, i think you will grasp the point of it. after i finished, two of the three assistant directors nodded and said they would try reading the script again. they got up to leave, but the third, who was the chief, remained unconvinced. he left with an angry look on his face. as it turned out, this chief assistant director and i never did get along. i still regret that in the end i had to ask for his resignation. but, aside from this, the work went well. during the rehearsals before the shooting i was left virtually speechless by kyo machiko s dedication. she came in to where i was still sleeping in the morning and sat down with the script in her hand. please teach me what to do, she requested, and i lay there amazed. the other actors, too, were all in their prime. their spirit and enthusiasm was obvious in their work, and equally manifest in their eating and drinking habits. they invented a dish called sanzoku-yaki, or mountain bandit broil, and ate it frequently. it consisted of beef strips saut ed in oil and then dipped in a sauce made of curry powder in melted butter. but while they held their chopsticks in one hand, in the other they d hold a raw onion. from time to time they d put a strip of meat on the onion and take a bite out of it. thoroughly barbaric. the shooting began at the nara virgin forest. this forest was infested with mountain leeches. they dropped out of the trees onto us, they crawled up our legs from the ground to suck our blood. even when they had had their fill, it was no easy task to pull them off, and once you managed to rip a glutted leech out of your flesh, the open sore seemed never to stop bleeding. our solution was to put a tub of salt in the entry of the inn. before we left for the location in the morning we would cover our necks, arms and socks with salt. leeches are like slugs they avoid salt. in those days the virgin forest around nara harbored great numbers of massive cryptomerias and japanese cypresses, and vines of lush ivy twined from tree to tree like pythons. it had the air of the deepest mountains and hidden glens. every day i walked in this forest, partly to scout for shooting locations and partly for pleasure. once a black shadow suddenly darted in front of me: a deer from the nara park that had returned to the wild. looking up, i saw a pack of monkeys in the big trees about my head. the inn we were housed in lay at the foot of mount wakakusa. once a big monkey who seemed to be the leader of the pack came and sat on the roof of the inn to stare at us studiously throughout our boisterous evening meal. another time the moon rose from behind mount wakakusa, and for an instant we saw the silhouette of a deer framed distinctly against its full brightness. often after supper we climbed up mount wakakusa and formed a circle to dance in the moonlight. i was still young and the cast members were even younger and bursting with energy. we carried out our work with enthusiasm. when the location moved from the nara mountains to the komyoji temple forest in kyoto, it was gion festival time. the sultry summer sun hit with full force, but even though some members of my crew succumbed to heat stroke, our work pace never flagged. every afternoon we pushed through without even stopping for a single swallow of water. when work was over, on the way back to the inn we stopped at a beer hall in kyoto s downtown shijo-kawaramachi district. there each of us downed about four of the biggest mugs of draft beer they had. but we ate dinner without any alcohol and, upon finishing, split up to go about our private affairs. then at ten o clock we d gather again and pour whiskey down our throats with a vengeance. every morning we were up bright and clear-headed to do our sweat-drenched work. where the komyoji temple forest was too thick to give us the light we needed for shooting, we cut down trees without a moment s hesitation or explanation. the abbot of komyoji glared fearfully as he watched us. but as the days went on, he began to take the initiative, showing us where he thought trees should be felled. when our shoot was finished at the komyoji location, i went to pay my respects to the abbot. he looked at me with grave seriousness and spoke with deep feeling. to be honest with you, at the outset we were very disturbed when you went about cutting down the temple trees as if they belonged to you. but in the end we were won over by your wholehearted enthusiasm. show the audience something good. this was the focus of all your energies, and you forgot yourselves. until i had the chance to watch you, i had no idea that the making of a movie was a crystallization of such effort. i was very deeply impressed. the abbot finished and set a folding fan before me. in commemoration of our filming, he had written on the fan three characters forming a chinese poem: benefit all mankind. i was left speechless. we set up a parallel schedule for the use of the komyoji location and open set of the rashomon gate. on sunny days we filmed at komyoji; on cloudy days we filmed the rain scenes at the gate set. because the gate set was so huge, the job of creating rainfall on it was a major operation. we borrowed fire engines and turned on the studio s fire hoses to full capacity. but when the camera was aimed upward at the cloudy sky over the gate, the sprinkle of the rain couldn t be seen against it, so we made rainfall with black ink in it. every day we worked in temperatures of more than 85 fahrenheit, but when the wind blew through the wide-open gate with the terrific rainfall pouring down over it, it was enough to chill the skin. i had to be sure that this huge gate looked huge to the camera. and i had to figure out how to use the sun itself. this was a major concern because of the decision to use the light and shadows of the forest as the keynote of the whole film. i determined to solve the problem by actually filming the sun. these days it is not uncommon to point the camera directly at the sun, but at the time rashomon was being made it was still one of the taboos of cinematography. it was even thought that the sun s rays shining directly into your lens would burn the film in your camera. but my cameraman, miyagawa kazuo, boldly defied this convention and created superb images. the introductory section in particular, which leads the viewer through the light and shadow of the forest into a world where the human heart loses its way, was truly magnificent camera work. i feel that this scene, later praised at the venice international film festival as the first instance of a camera entering the heart of a forest, was not only one of miyagawa s masterpieces but a world-class masterpiece of black-and-white cinematography. and yet, i don t know what happened to me. delighted as i was with miyagawa s work, it seems i forgot to tell him. when i said to myself, wonderful, i guess i thought i had said wonderful to him at the same time. i didn t realize i hadn t until one day miyagawa s old friend shimura takashi who was playing the woodcutter in rashomon came to me and said, miyagawa s very concerned about whether his camera work is satisfactory to you. recognizing my oversight for the first time, i hurriedly shouted one hundred percent there is no end to my recollections of rashomon. if i tried to write about all of them, i d never finish, so i d like to end with one incident that left an indelible impression on me. it has to do with the music. as i was writing the script, i heard the rhythms of a bolero in my head over the episode of the woman s side of the story. i asked hayasaka to write a bolero kind of music for the scene. when we came to the dubbing of that scene, hayasaka sat down next to me and said, i ll try it with the music. in his face i saw uneasiness and anticipation. my own nervousness and expectancy gave me a painful sensation in my chest. the screen lit up with the beginning of the scene, and the strains of the bolero music softly counted out the rhythm. as the scene progressed, the music rose, but the image and the sound failed to coincide and seemed to be at odds with each other. damn it, i thought. the multiplication of sound and image that i had calculated in my head had failed, it seemed. it was enough to make me break out in a cold sweat. we kept going. the bolero music rose yet again, and suddenly picture and sound fell into perfect unison. the mood created was positively eerie. i felt an icy chill run down my spine, and unwittingly i turned to hayasaka. he was looking at me. his face was pale, and i saw that he was shuddering with the same eerie emotion i felt. from that point on, sound and image proceeded with incredible speed to surpass even the calculations i had made in my head. the effect was strange and overwhelming. and that is how rashomon was made. during the shooting there were two fires at the daiei studios. but because we had mobilized the fire engines for our filming, they were already primed and drilled, so the studios escaped with very minor damage. after rashomon i made a film of dostoevsky s the idiot hakuchi, for the shochiku studios. this idiot was ruinous. i clashed directly with the studio heads, and then when the reviews on the completed film came out, it was as if they were a mirror reflection of the studio s attitude toward me. without exception, they were scathing. on the heels of this disaster, daiei rescinded its offer for me to do another film with them. i listened to this cold announcement at the chofu studios of daiei in the tokyo suburbs. i walked out through the gate in the gloomy daze, and, not having the will even to get on the train, i ruminated over my bleak situation as i walked all the way home to komae. i concluded that for some time i would have to eat cold rice and resigned myself to this fact. deciding that it would serve no purpose to get excited about it, i set out to go fishing at the tamagawa river. i cast my line into the river. it immediately caught on something and snapped in two. having no replacement with me, i hurriedly put my equipment away. thinking this was what it was like when bad luck catches up with you, i headed back home. i arrived home depressed, with barely enough strength to slide open the door to the entry. suddenly my wife came bounding out. congratulations once again an angel had appeared out of nowhere. i did not even know that rashomon had been submitted to the venice film festival. the japan representative to italiafilm, giuliana stramigioli, had seen it and recommended it to venice. it was like pouring water into the sleeping ears of the japanese film industry. later rashomon won the american academy award for best foreign language film. japanese critics insisted that these two prizes were simply reflections of westerners curiosity and taste for oriental exoticism, which struck me then, and now, as terrible. why is it that japanese people have no confidence in the worth of japan? why do they elevate everything foreign and denigrate everything japanese? even the woodblock prints of utamoro, hokusai and sharaku were not appreciated by japanese until they were first discovered by the west. i don t know how to explain this lack of discernment. i can only despair of the character of my own people. excerpted from something like an autobiography, trans., audie e. bock. translation
__label__non_math	0.9982	agt constant voltage transformers are ideal maintenance free solutions for loads that can suffer erratic operation or be damaged by electrical noise common and series mode local transients mains power sags surges and brownouts. constant voltage transformers are the best and most reliable power conditioners for applications ranging from process control and automation to remote sites and third world applications. features and benefits - constant voltage transformer cvt - galvanic isolation - high common and normal mode noise attention - sags surge and brownout protection - sinewave output generated by the cvt - low installation heat output and running costs maintenance free - high mean time between failure mtbf - easy to install - all common voltages from -600vac, higher voltages available in some designs - standard enclosures are ip20 enclosures are available up to ip66 - oem style unenclosed versions - standard stabilisation limits are , special designs can achieve . - units can be fitted with smoothed rectified outputs to give a constant dc voltage level - or 60hz or both with adjusting taps. - three phase variants suitable for star loads our power and energy teams are available to review your requirements call them on 978 seven days a week. tenders, specifications or brochures can be sent as attachments to your email or please fax them to 519 we will come back to you very quickly.
__label__non_math	0.9981	dr. jennifer rohn is a cell biologist, novelist, and founder of lablit.com. in this episode, jennifer and i talk about why there are not many stories that involve scientists as main characters. and so, lablit.com was created to be a resource for storytelling and art that involve science, whether it s characters or laboratory settings. jennifer is also the writer of two novels, experimental heart, and the honest look both of which are available online or can be obtained through your local bookstore. you can follow jennifer on twitter and you can also follow lablit on twitter
__label__non_math	0.9995	currently at ... biography: he became a star after he was discovered working as a tokyo shop clerk by masaki kobayashi during the early 1950s. later he became the favorite leading man of akira kurosawa after a well-publicized fallout between kurosawa and toshir mifune. beginning in the late 1950s, he worked with a number of japan's best-known filmmakers, starring or co-starring in five kurosawa films and eleven kobayashi films. total films at criticker: - you've seen biography last updated by jehan criticker.com - - abuse policy advertising press terms conditions ,045,000 movie rankings and counting...
__label__non_math	1.0000	crmc hosts friday night injury clinic during football season one sports medicine of cullman regional medical center opens the friday night injury clinic again this football season. starting at p.m. in crmc s medical day hospital, athletes can see the staff of sports medicine specialists, orthopedic surgeons, athletic trainers and physical therapists. the clinic provides an assessment and treatment for injuries sustained during games. appointments are not necessary and the wait time is minimal. the clinic begins on friday, august and will run through the regular high school football season. one sports medicine certified athletic trainers, donna chamblee, scott lochridge and matthew griffin are proud to provide exclusive athletic healthcare to the following schools cullman, fairview, and west point; however the friday night injury clinic is open to athletes from all area schools. call cullman regional medical center 256 737- for more information on the friday night injury clinic or to find out more about the services offered by one sportsmedicine.
__label__non_math	1.0000	slate of new devices the last few weeks have been busy ones for samsung. while its lawyers have been battling in the courts over patent disputes with apple, samsung product teams have launched or announced no fewer than devices, including the galaxy tab , the series ultrabook, the larger and totally revamped galaxy note .-inch tablet phone hybrid and the all new .-inch galaxy note. oh, and there's also the ativ s, the world's first smartphone to run windows . and with windows on tap for next month, the prolific electronics colossus last week unveiled a whole new slate of touch-sensitive devices to be available at the same time -- including a samsung slate with detachable keyboard and stylus -- as well as some refreshing updates to existing products. here's a look at what samsung has in store for the fall buying season, all with windows inside, plus some customizations that are likely to please experienced windows users and it departments alike.
__label__non_math	0.9882	crochet lampshade from the complete book of crochet i spent the last two weeks of december down in the los angeles area with my brother and sister. that was actually longer than i d planned to stay but the three of us are almost never all together in one place so it was worth it. we did lots of stuff but there was one day that we really just wanted to chill out so we went to the santa monica library and spent the day reading. i know just about every crochet book in my own public library so i was curious to see what they had that was different. what i found was that they have several vintage s crochet books which my library doesn t carry. complete book of crochet one of the books that i found there was the complete book of crochet published in by london s octopus books. it s a fun crochet pattern book with an introduction to how to crochet and then patterns for home decor items as well as gifts, wearables and kids stuff. what i found most interesting about this book, cependant, was not the patterns but rather a section in the intro that tells you how to launder your crochet work as well as how to mount crochet to linen. although it doesn t call it blocking , the process it describes as a method of blocking crochet which should typically be done after a project is first made and each time that you wash it so that the item retains the shape that you want it to have. there are several sites with good tips on blocking crochet and this certainly isn t the definitive guide but i thought what this book had to say was helpful and interesting. how to block crochet the basic steps of blocking offered in this crochet book include: - place a piece of plain white paper on top of a clean, flat board. use the correct measurements to draw out what the correct shape and size of the item is. a ruler, set square and compasses should be used to get the right shapes and angles. - wash the crochet item by hand and leave it damp or half dry. - pin your crochet item on to the paper, using the outline that you ve drawn to make sure that you re correctly shaping the item. pin the general shape down first, leaving things like picots and chain spaces alone. use rustless pins for this process. - once you have the general shape down, pin the specific parts of the item. make sure all picots are pulled out to their full shape, all flowers have their petals pinned in the right place, etc. pay special attention to make sure that your loops, shells and other shapes are the same size and shape. - if you are pinning a filet crochet item then make sure that the spaces and blocks are square with even edges. use a solution of starch in water to stiffen the item if necessary. crochet blocking resources - michaels has a good description of the different types of blocking that crocheters commonly used today depending on the yarn type used in the project. - linda permann has a great basic how to block guide that i think is a must-bookmark. - futuregirl has some great posts on her site including celui-ci that shows how to block a scarf with blocking wires. - kim werker offers a great guide on crochetme about how to spray block crochet or knit squares.
__label__non_math	1.0000	maryannel has reviewed products. crocs defines a top contributor as a site user who has made numerous contributions. a top contributors rank is determined by the number of contributions that person has made and how many helpfulness votes he or she has received. result returned for "" i love crocs,but have found that closed toe crocs seem to run short,cramps my toes too much and the sole doesnt seem as supportive. bought for my husband ..he has thin feet and these were just too big,he walked out of them.wish you had some adjustable ones.
__label__non_math	1.0000	oleochemicals are ingredients derived from natural oils and fats. these highly versatile materials are used in the manufacture of many consumer goods and industrial products, combining high performance with a good environmental profile and assured safety in use. croda offers a comprehensive portfolio of oleochemical ingredients for a wide range of consumer and industrial end markets. major product groups include fatty acids, glycerine and soaps as well as functional derivatives such as polymerised fatty acids, speciality alcohols and polyols, esters and amides. all our products are supported by rigorous quality control, and we pay utmost attention to customer care. croda is committed to operating in accordance with international quality standards, and has achieved the iso : quality accreditation throughout the company. we are also well on the way to achieving accreditation to iso :, the international environmental standard, for all of our production sites. with more than 175 years of experience in the industry, croda is a knowledgeable, committed and reliable partner for all your needs. we continue to develop new and exciting concepts with our many loyal customers, who appreciate our broad industry knowledge and service-oriented approach. please visit our website to learn more about the markets and applications of croda process additives. croda process additives - new ideas in natural ingredients
__label__non_math	1.0000	rounds, rotate each minute: wall ball shots may 15th at may 17th at per person click here to learn more sign up... got kids?info and schedule... crossfit nashua106 perimeter roadnashua nh send an eemail... telephone: 603 595-6400view a map... daily wod by rss crossfitnashua.com - . - site powered by azurelink.
__label__non_math	0.9999	st. francis, animals and the environment dr. marcellino d'ambrosio you often see a garden statue of him with a bird on his shoulder. yes, st. francis of assisi did have a special relationship with animals. he preached to the birds, pacified a wolf, and put together an animal cast for what is regarded as the very first live nativity scene. but he had no interest in the environment. no feeling for it whatsoever. instead, he was in love with creation. and that s because he was in love with the creator, who he regarded not as some cosmic force or distant, detached monarch, but as father. he so much loved god his father that he had great affection for anything related to god the sacraments, the church, its very imperfect ministers, broken down country chapels, and all of god s marvelous works of art human beings first and foremost, but also the animals and even the inanimate objects that adorn the heavens and the earth. the fondness for and kinship st. francis felt with brother son and sister moon was truly a gift. but it is gift that we all receive when we receive the holy spirit since it is one of the seven gifts mentioned in isaiah :-. at least this is how st. thomas aquinas and many after him explained this beautiful, supernatural gift of piety. the natural virtue of piety was extolled by the greeks and romans a love of those who gave you life, first and foremost your parents and after them, your fatherland. this entailed also a respect and affection for all that is connected with your parents and dear to them as well your grandparents, uncles and aunts, and in the case of your country, its flag, its national anthem, its history and its heros. the term for piety towards one s country is patriotism which actually has at its root, the term pater or father. st. francis loved his home town of assisi. but his deeper patriotism was for the kingdom of god. his affection for the kingdom included respect and reverence for all the king s creatures and subjects, whether they be great or small. now, this does not mean that francis saw all creatures as his equals, as some animal rights advocates today seem to do. one animal rights philosopher, peter singer, goes so far as to teach that adult whales and chimpanzees are actually superior to human fetuses and infants in both dignity and value. he would save the whales but allow both abortion and infanticide. st. francis would be appalled at such a concept. biblical person that he was, he understood that woman and man are god s supreme masterpieces, made in his image and likeness, unlike the animals. human beings are given dominion over the rest of creation in genesis not to exploit however, but to cultivate, care for, and perfect. god entrusts adam and eve not with the environment, but with the garden a place of beauty in which we are made to walk with god. so st. francis loves the birds, but also presses them into the service of the gospel. he saves the wolf of gubbio from the wrath of angry townspeople, but rebukes it for its ferocity and calls men and wolf to live everafter in harmony. and the animals of the nativity scene? they are companions of the infant who is the word made flesh. so the authentic biblical and catholic approach to the environment is not to see it coldly and scientifically as the environment. but rather, in the fashion of st. francis, to approach it as the expression of the father s beauty, as the gift of the father s love, as an icon, a window to the new creation. reckless exploitation would never fit with such a vision. but neither would some secular environmentalism. follow us - join us on facebook join us on twitter dr. marcellino d ambrosio writes from texas. for more information on his resources and his pilgrimages to italy and the holy land, visit or call .800.803.. click here to download and print, click here for more catholic resources to feed your faith, visit the crossroads initiative homepage. to sign up for our free weekly e-mail with dr. d'ambrosio's commentary on the sunday readings, liturgical feasts, updates on where dr. d will be speaking, a chance to win a free cd and more, click here personal prayer: pathway to joy marcellino d'ambrosio, ph.d. everyone knows that personal prayer is important. you can't expect to deepen a relationship with god talking with him only once a week dr. marcellino d'ambrosio has taught spiritual theology academically, but, more importantly, he's had plenty of practice applying that tradition to everyday life. with a family of seven, a business, and a non-profit corporation to run, he knows the challenges that a busy, active life can pose to the christian who wants to pray. in this talk, he lays down principles and gives practical suggestions on how busy laypeople can develop a prayer life that leads to joy and personal transformation. cd - . the seven deadly sins - cd set what are the seven deadly sins? there are books written about them and movies made about them, but what are they? from about the fifth century, christian spiritual writers identified seven patterns of sin that, if not broken, would lead to spiritual death. in this fascinating series by dr. marcellino d'ambrosio, we learn the destructive, addictive dynamics of these seven vices and how they infiltrate, and ultimately take over people's lives. most importantly, we find out how to get free of the chains forged by these sins and the necessary qualities to cultivate to make us immune to them in the future. beyond the birds and the bees "the talk." it's one of the most daunting prospects parents face. communicating the richness of catholic teaching on sexuality in a faithful and effective way can be an overwhelming responsibility. but does it have to be so? in this thoroughly revised version of beyond the birds and the bees, greg and lisa popcak empower you with the tools needed to move well beyond "the talk" by offering a comprehensive guide to raising sexually whole and holy children. using the riches of blessed john paul ii's theology of the body, the popcaks help you safely navigate your children from infancy through the teenage years and beyond. building our house on rock: the sermon on the mount jesus sermon on the mount ends with the parable of the builders on rock or sand. doing what jesus asks results in building a life that endures; not doing it results in disaster. the choice is ours, and it s a scary one. how can we read these words so that we can know what jesus meant and do it?
__label__non_math	0.9987	m en are an endangered species. i really believe that. over the past years, i have been working directly and indirectly with college students. almost years ago i noticed a trend that -- at the time -- was alarming. that alarm has now been going off non-stop since, and i'm finally seeing it come to fruition. what became obvious years ago to me was that boys were growing up only to become older boys; never maturing to a place of living as godly men. because of this, we started a new ministry for boys finishing high school, and called it "young guns." the point of the program was to teach boys what it looked like to "live a life worthy of the calling they have received" ephesians : . fast forward years, and what we have now are boys who have no clue what it means to be a man. our college staff regularly ask me if they can just come by my house, and watch me interact with my family. to me, there is nothing magical happening at my house, but for them, they are thirsty for an example of living as a godly men. last year, i bought these smaller gloves for each of my boys. they were probably their favorite present they got last year. i bought them here. and now i look down and have boys of my own; a -year-old and -year-old. as i interact with them, all the conversations i've had with young college students over the years flood through my mind. what has god instructed me as their father to teach them and -- in light of the culture we live in -- what are some practical areas that i need to build into them as well? here are a few i am focusing on, and how i am doing it: . teach them about god. deuteronomy :- i thought this wouldn't be that difficult until they started asking me those questions that only a small child can formulate: "dad, if you just prayed for my hiccups to go away, why am i still hiccupping?" good question. i want my boys to begin to learn about god by showing them who he is with easy, concrete examples. god is a warrior, a strong tower, a rock, a strong foundation, a dad, etc. easy to understand concepts that help build a picture in their minds about who he is. i've written a blog post already about this, but the jesus storybook bible is an incredible resource for young kids. each night, i gather my boys -- and sometimes my daughters -- and i just read them a story out of this bible. i think we are in the middle of reading it through for the 3rd time. it is engaging, easy to read, has good pictures, and really helps tell the story of jesus through the entire bible. my boys love that time each night. they now fight for who can sit on my right side while i read, after i told them it was a seat of honor in biblical times. . teach them to work -- hard. genesis god created work for men. this was not a result of sin. before sin entered the world, god had already instructed adam to tend the garden. when i leave for work, i want them to know, "i get to go to work today." as well, i get to teach them to work around the house. they "help" me mow the lawn, split firewood, and clear debris. right now, they love it. i want to teach them early that work isn't a punishment, but a way to glorify god. . teach them to obey. this is consistent throughout scripture. obey god. in order for them to do that, they need to learn on a smaller level. steph and i work hard to teach them to obey quickly, consistently and joyfully. we do many "let's try that again" moments. when they obey correctly, we slap many high-fives and hoot and holler. as part of this, we want them to know there are consequences to sin; one of those is separation. many of us have stories of people around us who lost their jobs, their families or their integrity by sinful decisions in their lives. we want to teach them early how when they choose to disobey, there are consequences. it's no fun to sit on our stairway at home in "time out," but necessary. i want them to feel the separation as young boys. hopefully, i'll be able to build on that later in life. . teach them to lead. ephesians this is not a power-grab type of leading. this is leading by taking responsibility; a leading that is motivated by serving. you know how little boys try to whine and moan because they are trying to explain why they made the poor choice they made. i want my boys to learn how to lead by taking responsibility. if it was their fault, they need to own up to it. john eldredge uses the phrase "offering your strength." my boys need to learn what it looks like to offer their strength to others: to those that are being picked on, to women, to their friends. our culture consistently offers us pictures of men who are greedy, prideful and starving for more power. i think teaching my boys what it looks like to lead begins by teaching them to take responsibility. . teach them to love. ephesians what does it look like to love god, love your wife, and love your kids? boys today need to see "tender warriors." what does it look like for a dad to submit his heart to god, and to seek to follow him daily? i want my boys to see me reading my bible in the morning with a good cup of coffee. they need to see me on the couch with my wife, as i tickle her or cuddle. they need to see me lovingly teach, encourage, train and disciple them. they need to know i'm their biggest fan. i am because they're my sons. in case you've never read the book, i highly recommend steve farrar's book king me. after reading it a few years ago, it quickly became one of my favorite father son type books. i have just started going through it with a young dad that i know. there are some great concepts in there about the choice we will make; are we -- as men -- going to spend our time building kingdoms, or building future kings? what else should we be teaching our boys, and how? any good ideas of lessons to learn, or good presents to possibly get for them this christmas that would help in the process as well? have something to say about this article? leave your comment via facebook below about kevin east kevin east is the executive director of family matters. he and his wife stephanie have five unbelievable kids, two of which they most recently adopted. if kevin isn't busy with work or family, you'll probably find him in the woods near his house with a power tool. he writes at his blog, "following to lead". connect with him on twitter at recently by kevin east - man is like a breath: lessons from two women i never knewtuesday, - can you explain the gospel?tuesday, - be excellent parents: ways to set your children freetuesday, - the three best lessons young people have taught me about faithtuesday, - if you are free, then help others find true freedomtuesday, recently on crosswalk blogs add crosswalk.com content to your sitebrowse available content
__label__non_math	0.9999	it s challenging to look at what s really behind the plastic, passive niceness that passes for christianity in many women s lives, and then to boldly choose to be authentic instead. but, as you ve seen, that s the only way to truly experience the abundant life jesus promises in john . you are in the driver s seat, ready to roll, but before your drive out of sight, here are a few reminders for the road: - know where you are headed. for all of god s good women, the destination is the same: being like jesus christ, in all his glorious 360 degrees of salty sweetness. in order to keep this destination clear in your mind, you will have to get to know jesus better and better so that you recognize who he is and where he is at work. prayer and getting involved in a bible study are great ways to get to know jesus better, along with regularly worshiping and fellowshipping with other believers. just make sure that you are doing these spiritual disciplines to get to know jesus better, not to earn god s approval or love. god already loves you it s a done deal so you don t have to earn his love. be aware that when you reveal your destination to others, they may not like where you are headed. some will even point you in a different direction, back toward where you came from. these people think they are giving you helpful directions, but in reality, they want you to go back to being a christian nice girl because god s good women make them uncomfortable. just thank them for their interest, and ignore their directions that will take you to the backside of nowhere, also known as nice girl city. - pack only what you will need. god s good women don t want to travel with too much junk in their trunk, so pack the essentials and leave the rest behind. your first essential: courage, which means you ll have to leave behind the cowardice. courage grows when you act in spite of your fear. you actually can t be courageous unless you feel fear. so to grow your courage, be aware of your anxiety and then discipline yourself to listen to the holy spirit saying, something is at stake here that is more important than your fear. a courageous spirit us a mark of the holy spirit: for god did not give us a spirit of timidity, but a spirit of power, of love and of self-discipline timothy : . power and strength are nearly synonymous with courage, so god actually gives you a spirit of courageous strength. here are some scriptures that are worth packing if you could use a whole trunk full of courage: be strong and very courageous joshua : . so do not fear, for i am with you; do not be dismayed, for i am your god. i will strengthen you and help you; i will uphold you with my righteous right hand isaiah . be on guard. stand firm in the faith. be courageous. be strong i corinthians nlt . to handle your newfound courage well, you need to be aware of rashness, or stupid courage. rashness is when you do something daring but dumb you acted without wisdom. the bible says to do the right thing when it s within your power to act. sometimes you won t have the power to change a situation for the better. for example, in some extended family situations, it might be best not to speak the truth in love. when your motive for holding your tongue or not acting is based on wisdom, not fear, you are choosing an intelligent behavior called active passivity, such as when you choose to give an armed robber your purse instead of foolishly refusing. in addition to courage, you ll need to pack a sense of humor. you need to be able to laugh at yourself because you are going to make some mistakes along the way, some of which will be doozies. however, don t hide them, because often your best life lessons will come out of your biggest mistakes, and your silliest mistakes will produce your funniest stories. packing that essential sense of humor means you will have to leave behind your need to appear perfect, and instead, be appropriately transparent with others. it takes practice to find that balance between hiding everything and sharing too much, so be patient with yourself as you practice healthy transparency. occasionally, ask a trusted friend for feedback on whether you are hiding too much or sharing too much so that you can monitor your progress. - choose your travel companions wisely. god s good women rarely journey alone for long, so pick carefully who gets to ride next to you. spiritually mature people should be occupying your passenger seat because when the driver gets lost, who does the navigating? that s right, it s the person riding shotgun. you want people nearby who can read a map in particular, people who read and understand the map, also known as the bible. you want people who know the way. if they don t, they won t recognize your destination, the 360-degree jesus, so they are likely to direct you right back to nice girl city. and who wants to go back to that saccharine-sweet place? it takes time to find and cultivate relationships with spiritually mature people, but they are out there. look for women who speak the truth in love, laugh easily at themselves, talk openly about their faith, are trailblazers in their own lives, and can both celebrate and cry with other people. you are looking for balcony women: women who will cheer you on and give you courage and confidence by hanging over the railing of your life, declaring, i believe in you my wife sandy knows how crucial balcony women are to god s good women. she created what she calls balcony girls, a group of around twelve elementary-school-aged girls who get together once a month to do a craft, eat some fun food, and learn valuable life lessons. balcony girls groups help girls form a group of friends at school who can help them withstand damaging peer pressure or bullying. they can learn easily in life how to grow into balcony women, the kind of women who genuinely love and support each other. your journey will be much more energizing and fun if you have a balcony woman buckled in your passenger seat. now, sometimes you can t avoid traveling with getting there people in your backseat, perhaps because god has clearly told you to let them ride with you for awhile or perhaps because well you gave birth to them or are related to them in some way. so, there they are occasionally providing you with spiritually stimulating conversation and occasionally fussing and whining like kids stuck in a station wagon backseat. are we there yet? when are you going to stop changing? i liked you better when you were nicer. i need you: to help me right this minute, to do my work, to lend me money, to listen to my endless complaining, and of course i need to go to the bathroom. if pulling over and putting them all out on the side of the road is not a legal option in your state, then you ll have to set boundaries on what is and what is not acceptable behavior in your car, that is, your life. you have to set limits with getting there people, or they will tend to take increasingly large amounts of the energy, time, money, and talent god gave you to accomplish his purposes. if some of them are backseat drivers who enjoy criticizing your every move, feel free to turn up the radio to drown out their discouraging words. this means that you distract yourself from truly hearing and taking in their unhelpful criticisms, perhaps by determinedly changing the subject, or by reciting scriptural truths or singing praise songs in your mind to counteract their negative words. it s almost like you become the limo driver behind the glass partition you can lower the glass when you want to listen, and raise it when you don t. you ll see their lips moving, but you won t really hear them. beware of picking up hitchhikers. they are the spiritually immature, the shark-like mr. wrongs, the selfish users of this world who want to flag you down and hijack your life. they will do everything in their power to convince or coerce you to go back to nice girl city. why? because you were much easier to manipulate back there. - don t turn back just because difficulties occur. it s impossible to drive for any length of time and not run into road hazards. the same is true for your journey to becoming god s good woman. you are going to encounter difficulties. expect construction delays because major changes are happening you are under construction, becoming more like the 360-degree jesus. you can expect other drivers to frown and complain if your new construction causes them even a moment of inconvenience. and, you ll get some rubbernecking too. some drivers like to slow down and stare as other people work hard, so try not to let the occasional shocked look or swiveled head keep you from your work. your road hazards may be sudden, jarring potholes that rattle your spirit, like unkind words or deeds that come from unexpected sources, even friends. in psalm -, david shares how this shook him: if an enemy were insulting me, i could endure it; if a foe were raising himself against me, i could hide from him. but it is you, a man like myself, my companion, my close friend, with whom i once enjoyed sweet fellowship as we walked with the throng at the house of god. it really hurts when your friends particularly christian friends unfairly criticize your efforts to become a healthier, more christ-like woman. but don t let your hurt stop your journey. keep moving toward your destination. sometimes you have to pass slow-moving traffic, just like you might have to pass some of your friends who choose to stay spiritually immature. outgrowing friends is never easy, but it s going to happy when you choose to grow and they choose to stagnate. you are changing, becoming more like sweet and salty jesus, and they aren t. you now value the truth they don t want to hear it. you now make pleasing god your first priority they want pleasing others to remain your first priority. gradually, sadly, you just have less and less in common. keep praying for them, but when god lets you know it s time to move on move on. this means that you may have some lonely times on the road to becoming god s good woman. it s like when you are driving at night on a crowded highway, and then you slowly pass the pack of cars that surrounds you. then, before you know it, you are driving in the dark, seemingly alone, with no headlights in your rearview mirror, and no taillights up ahead. it s kind of scary to suddenly find yourself alone, but keep your foot on the courage accelerator. there are spiritually mature people up ahead who will become your traveling companions and who will match your spiritual pace. - check for the blue lights before you pull over for the police. not everyone who pulls you over for a supposed violation on the god s good woman journey is actually legitimate. you are human, you are going to make mistakes, and sometimes you are going to need a correction to get you back on track. if one of god s good women or men gives you a needed rebuke, they won t yell at you or shame you. it s like when a legitimate police officer pulls you over they won t disrespect or attack you even if you really messed up. i have had my share of blue-light-in-the-rearview-mirror moments. in college, i was a waiter at a hilton hotel and showed up very late for work several times in a row due to school obligations. my supervisor s boss, a woman who knew how to be both firm and caring, called me into her office. she had dealt with many college students before: stressed out, living from paycheck to paycheck, struggling to make it on their own. i can t remember the exact words she used, but i do remember how she didn t belittle or shame me. she didn t brush my tardiness under the rug, nor did she rub my nose in it. instead, she did an outstanding job of making my tardiness the problem not me and she used the meeting to show me that she cared about my larger dreams and aspirations. i walked out of her office thinking, this is very strange. i should feel hurt after being corrected by someone. but instead i feel good. i was blessed by this rebuke from one of god s good women who knew she could treat others well as she advanced up the company ladder. when someone attempts to correct or rebuke you, always check for the blue lights because there are self-appointed deputies of all that is wrong in the throng they are called sadtwits for short who will try to pull you over on your journey and give you a citation. they enjoy pointing out other people s mistakes, real and imaginary. it s their hobby. and unlike the legitimate police officers that god will send your way to deliver a respectful rebuke, the pretend police hand over their citations with a side order of shame, disrespect, and condemnation. you don t have to accept these harmful rebukes. you can ignore their words, change the subject, or even say, i do not receive that from you. by now you may be chomping at the bit to get in the car and go, but do you have time for one more list? it proclaims the freedoms that are available to drivers on god s good woman road. you might even want to copy these freedoms and tape them to your dashboard or to someone s forehead for quick reference. a driver has the freedom to pick who rides shotgun with her. as long as the relationships are beneficial and in line with god s word, you have the freedom to associate with people of your choice. a driver has the freedom to say when she needs a break. some women find it near impossible to rest because they equate taking a break with being selfish. but jesus sequestered himself from others to get some much needed rest and refreshment. drivers who push themselves too hard for too long become a hazard to others. you have the freedom and the responsibility to rest. so, take a nap. a driver has the freedom to choose the radio station. you are free to ask for and choose what you enjoy and what brings you pleasure, as long as those choices are beneficial and in line with god s word, and you have listened respectfully to and considered prayerfully what others need not to be mistaken with what others usually want . a driver has the freedom to change lanes or take an alternate route. you have the freedom to change your mind as long as those decisions are beneficial, in line with god s word, and don t permanently harm the people around you. the decisions you make about your life might hurt other people, but remember, there is a difference between causing someone necessary hurt and causing someone permanent harm. if you suddenly change lanes to avoid an accident, your wise swerve could cause your passengers some necessary hurt, but it would be far worse to stay in that lane and foolishly cause them lasting harm. for example, a woman might find herself continually overwhelmed, short-tempered, and sharp-tongued because of the competing demands of marriage, motherhood, working outside the home, volunteering at church or school, and running a home. if she stays in that same fast lane, she may end up doing permanent harm to her health and her relationships. she has the freedom after consulting with god and her family to change lanes to make helpful changes in her life such as reducing her number of work hours stepping completely out of the workforce hiring a cleaning person getting off a committee in order to reduce her stress and improve her mood and relationships. this choice may cause hurt temporarily to her workplace or family budget, but it s unlikely to cause permanent damage harm . on the other hand, if the same overwhelmed woman chose to abandon her family in order to reduce he stress, her unwise choice would permanently harm her husband and kids. a driver has the freedom to grow spiritually. this freedom, also a responsibility, allows a change in bible study teachers, denominations, or churches without finger pointing or apology. a driver has the freedom to say no. you are free to say no to an unfair, disrespectful, or dishonest request for your time, talent, or treasure, without an apology or long explanation on your part. a driver has the freedom not to answer every question. you have the freedom not to provide an answer to every question that comes your way. jesus didn t answer every question posed to him, and you don t have to either. when you have left nice girl city far behind and are moving into god s good woman territory, you ll notice a distinct change in landscape and atmosphere. you won t walk on eggshells anymore, emotionally or spiritually. there s a kind of spiritual ease that will tell you that you are moving in the right direction. you ll have room to stretch and grow, or as oswald chambers said, when god elevates you by his grace into heavenly places, instead of finding a pinnacle to cling to, you find a great tableland where it is easy to move. so, what are you waiting for? you ve got a journey to get started paul coughlin is the author of numerous books, including unleashing courageous faith, no more christian nice guy and no more jellyfish, chickens or wimps. he also co-authored a book for married couples with his wife sandy, titled married but not engaged. paul is founder of the protectors, the values-based and faith-based answer to adolescent bullying, which provides curriculum for public schools, private schools, retreats, and individuals who want to diminish child-based bullying. visit sandy's website for reluctant entertainers at: have something to say about this article? leave your comment via facebook below about paul coughlin paul coughlin is a former newspaper editor and is the author of numerous books, including the no more christian nice guy, and raising bully-proof kids. he is the founder of the protectors: freedom from bullying courage, character leadership for life, which provides a values-based and faith-based program that combats the cruelty of adolescent bullying in schools, summer camps, sunday school, and other places where bullying is prevalent. he is a popular speaker who has appeared on good morning america, nightline, 700 club, focus on the family, c-span, the la times, familylife radio, homeword with jim burns, the new york times, newsweek and other media outlets. he is a regular keynote speaker with iron sharpens iron men s conferences. his freedom-from-bullying program is used by hundreds throughout north america as well as in england, australia, uganda, new zealand, brazil, and south africa. the protector s has partnered with saddleback church s justice trafficking initiative in creating the first-ever justice begins on the playground seminar that helps both faith-based and values-based organizations diminish bullying. he is a boys varsity soccer coach in southern oregon, where he was voted coach of the year twice, and where he is also a member of the board of trustees. he and his wife sandy have three teenagers and live in medford, oregon. contact him at: firstname.lastname recently by paul coughlin - justice silent night's forgotten lyricsthursday, - bullying, school shootings promise of redemptionthursday, - bullying is "why we left the church for good."monday, - what is a life worth? ask mother jill mooretuesday, - what really killed kaitlyn boris?thursday, recently on crosswalk blogs add crosswalk.com content to your sitebrowse available content
__label__non_math	0.9446	did the ot prophets know what they were saying? - thursday, by matt waymeyer when reading scripture, the tendency of many christians is to think in terms of what this verse means to me. what the bible means to a given individual, however, is completely irrelevant, for the true meaning of scripture is found not in the subjective impression of the contemporary reader but rather in the specific intention of the original author. for this reason, we often speak of authorial intent as the goal of bible interpretation. but this only raises a further question: exactly whose intent are we seeking to ascertain? the intent of the human author or the intent of the divine author? or is it possible that there is actually no tangible difference between the two? herein lies one of the key issues in the field of hermeneutics today the question of whether the human intention and divine intention of scripture are one and the same. a closer look at a difficult passage some interpreters point to peter -as evidence of a sharp distinction between of the human and divine intention of ot prophecy. in this passage, the apostle peter writes: as to this salvation, the prophets who prophesied of the grace that would come to you made careful searches and inquiries, seeking to know what person or time the spirit of christ within them was indicating as he predicted the sufferings of christ and the glories to follow. it was revealed to them that they were not serving themselves, but you, in these things which now have been announced to you through those who preached the gospel to you by the holy spirit sent from heaven things into which angels long to look. according to this view, peter -teaches that the ot prophets did not understand the meaning of their own prophecies. for this reason, it is said, the human and divine intent of scripture cannot be regarded as one and the same. at issue here is perspicuity of the old testament. the term perspicuity refers to the overall clarity of god s word in which the meaning of scripture was basically clear and comprehensible to its original audience. some interpreters effectively deny the perspicuity of the old testament by insisting that its true meaning could only be understood hundreds of years later in light of the new testament. this was the conviction of george eldon ladd, who insisted that the new testament frequently interprets old testament prophecies in a way not suggested by the old testament context. many who embrace this view refer to this as the sensus plenior of the old testament. sensus plenior means fuller sense, and it refers to an additional, deeper meaning of an ot passage which was a intended by god, b not intended or understood by the human author, c not understood by the original audience, and d not known to exist until it was discerned and revealed by the nt writer. according to the sensus plenior view, the holy spirit embedded a hidden meaning in the ot passage even though the original human author and audience were completely unaware of it, and the nt citations of the ot often bring out this fuller meaning. if peter -teaches that the ot prophets were unaware of the meaning of their prophecies, it would seem to provide biblical justification for this view. on the contrary, the ignorance of the ot prophets as described in peter -has been greatly overstated. as walt kaiser observes, peter - decisively affirms that the prophets spoke knowingly on five rather precise topics: the messiah, his sufferings, his glory, the sequence of events for example, suffering was followed by the messiah s glorification , and that the salvation announced in those pre-christian days was not limited to the prophets audiences, but it also included the readers of peter s day v. . in other words, what the prophets unsuccessfully strived to understand was not the meaning of their prophecies but rather the identity of the messiah and the time of his coming. recently on pastors leadership have something to say about this article? leave your comment via facebook below listen to your favorite pastors add crosswalk.com content to your sitebrowse available content
__label__non_math	1.0000	frugality opens doors to giving, enjoying god's blessings - friday, i want to be careful to balance our discussion by warning that we should not allow our desire to be frugal to keep us from fully enjoying the things that are within the bounds of what god allows. i thoroughly enjoy the breathtaking view of the city from my home. my husband and i have made great sacrifices in putting the needs of god s house before our own desires. therefore, we refuse to allow satan to make us feel guilty about what god has provided. frugality is not a call to poverty, and it certainly should not take the fun out of our lives. it is important that we enjoy the abundant life that christ came to give us. it is equally important to understand that abundance is not to be equated with extravagance. god blesses his children with abundance so that they can bless others with their overflow. if we are all poverty-stricken, how will we have an overflow? frugality is simply avoiding waste. wastefulness will keep your finances in a tailspin. frugality is evidence that god can trust you with increased resources because you have learned how to manage what he already supplied. taken from days to taming your finances by deborah smith pegues; deborah smith pegues is an experienced certified public accountant, a bible teacher, a speaker, a certified behavioral consultant specializing in understanding personality temperaments, and the author of days to taming your tongue. she and her husband, darnell, have been married for more than years and make their home in california. recently on finances have something to say about this article? leave your comment via facebook below listen to your favorite pastors add crosswalk.com content to your sitebrowse available content
__label__non_math	1.0000	new law school - monday, robert bork, one-time nominee for the supreme court, is the first professor to sign on with the school. ave maria's dean will be richard dobranski, dean of catholic university in washington dc and former dean at the university of detroit's mercy school of law. students of all faiths will be enrolled in the school, with a focus on hiring catholics for the faculty. the first classes will begin in the fall of with approximately students. "the rule of law must be founded in a belief that there is an objective moral order," said dobranski, who believes that no current law school teaches this effectively. "the profession needs good lawyers, people who have technical skills and who have pride in the profession," dobranski said. cardinal john o'connor, the influential roman catholic archbishop of new york, will be a member of the law school board. detroit's cardinal adam maida was represented at the press conference by rev. allen vigneron, an auxiliary roman catholic bishop of detroit. rev. vigneron stated that it is important to "develop lawyers who believe in objective truth, that right and wrong are things that transcend even the power of the majority." "i've been very disappointed in general in catholic education. it's been secularized," said monaghan. "i think ave maria will be the west point for catholic laity in the years to come." after selling most of his stake in domino's, the world's largest pizza delivery chain, monaghan says that establishing the school "is the main event. and i've got to say, in the last three-and-a-half months, i've never been busier." "people say, 'how relaxed you are.' certainly it is a relief to be working full-time for god." monaghan said. recently on finances have something to say about this article? leave your comment via facebook below listen to your favorite pastors add crosswalk.com content to your sitebrowse available content
__label__math	0.9934	sword-devel swlocale question bergmannmd at web.de fri sep :mst on .., at , matthew talbert wrote: unfortunately on os x the lang var doesn't seem to get set also not other environment variable that would help determine the system in os x system preferences you have a preferred list of languages. one is used as current system language but this is not reflected to since sword library is not available as installable package on os x linux we package a compiled binary of it including the locales.d look manually if there is a locale file for the current system hmm, looks like macsword has to further do it's own thing here. we don't want to mess up what you're already doing. what format is the current system language in? this isn't a proposal to change sword to look at environment variables, but just to be a little smarter parsing language formats. if os x returns the current system language in a format that even starts with the first characters matching a locale in sword, this code would allow you to just pass that directly to sword without matching a sword locale precisely. what i said wasn't quite right. we set a custom locale dir with localemgr::loadconfigdir . the language format i can get from the system can be something like: "esespreeuro" or just the language code like "es". so your snipped would work here too if the former format is reduced to what happens if the current system language is not available in sword or if none is manually set? then i guess english will be taken as a more information about the sword-devel
__label__non_math	0.9997	the buyer added updates to the brief. read them. what do you do? at inktears our mission is to encourage more people to discover the pleasure of the short story, in a way that fits their lifestyle. we send a short story every month to our readers via email, free of charge. each story takes up to ten minutes to read. we publish new writers gaining success on the competition circuits, along with stories from established authors. our inktears website is becoming a hub for the short story genre. we also publish single-author collections of short stories in both e-book and traditional hardback formats starting this year how many pages of illustration do you need? what do you need illustrated? we need black and white pen and ink illustrations to be used as cover art for forthcoming hardback e-book single author collections. we are not looking for cover designs - just the artwork that could be used as part of a design. does your illustration need to be a particular size? not really, but it will need to work on a 'typical' hardback book in portrait format. what is your industry? describe the target audience for your illustration readers of short stories. as a target demographic, think of mid twenties-thirties female creatives artists, poets, writers . what things would you like to communicate to your audience through your illustration? pick this book up because my art is striking what lillustration styles do you like? detailed pen and ink work. take a look at our own website to see the style we have adopted doesn't have to be identical for the cover art, but you'll see what we like... typical artists:nanami cowdroy, beardsley, m c escher, siret roots, etc what colors do you want to see in your illustration? black and white what colors do you not want to see in your illustration? anything other than black and white ok, a black and white picture of a face with the eyes in color, or some other very limited use of color might be ok, but remember that we looking for black and white art for book covers and our titles, author name, etc will be in color, so we don't want the art to clash . what adjectives should best describe your illustration? striking, intriguing, detailed, beautiful... the list goes on where will you use the illustration print, website, etc. ? book covers e-book and hardback do you have additional info or links you'd like to share? please check our website for more ideas - we will publish a gallery of our favourite illustrations to help artists over the next few days: - -aug-p.m. gmt - we have now added a page to our website that shows the style of art we are looking for. you can see that here: just to be very clear, we are not looking for images to represent 'ink-tears' we are looking for cover art to represent our short story collections, which will have different themes but will be largely literary fiction. - -aug-p.m. gmt - thank you already to everyone who has submitted work so far - there have been some really great pieces, and even though many don't work for our specific project we are still enjoying viewing them - we have a talented collection of artists out there i just wanted to say please keep submitting, and apologies if it is taking hours to get a response - i'm currently in turkey for a business conference, so i'm getting very limited time each day to review the pictures, but will comment on everything you send. - -sep-a.m. gmt - some tremendous entries coming in, very impressed this sensuous collection tells of the losses and betrayals of lives really lived. these stories explore the magical in the every day: a marriage is saved by taking the bed into the garden; a jazz fan revels in the reckless abandon of no strings attached sex; and a widow finds solace in the making of paper snow flakes. these stories are packed with epiphanies and hopeful endings. or here's another blurb from a forthcoming book called burn lines by mark wagstaff: this is life beyond the streetlights - where a brother and sister s playground is an empty, lethal railway; an archaeology team s important find has something vital missing; and a convict on the run gets an unexpected welcome when she hides out with an old cellmate. lovers, soldiers and shifty accountants jostle through the streets and nightmares of everyplace. a wily academic sees his certainties worn away by a manic researcher obsessed with facts, and in a remote village a man grieving for his mother is stranded on the limits of memory. through hot days and misty nights, this is storytelling of warmth and truth to the grace and grime of life. a vivid, mesmeric voice from the literary underground. in answer to one common question: we can and will award several prizes. the intention is to identify several illustrators who could be called upon to do multiple book covers. we'd like to establish a long-term partnership with several illustrators. - -sep-a.m. gmt - thank you to everyone who entered our project. the results have been fantastic and far beyond our expectations. we have had to extend the date for a final decision on the winners, partly because of the sheer volume of entries, and because of the overall high quality making it hard to judge , and also because the current deadline falls right in a period where i will be on a vacation in a region with no internet - unfortunate timing i also want to take some guidance and feedback from our authors who will be represented by this art. thank you again for all of the entries, and i shall look forward to speaking with some of you again in the near future. - -sep-p.m. gmt - the final awards have been made now, but i would like to add a note to the creatives that did not get selected: first of all, the decision process was very close between the top or so entries. secondly, we did actually add an additional 250 dollars award so we had winners, and we asked crowdspring if it was possible to give a smaller award as an 'option' to use some of the additional entries at a later date. unfortunately this is not possible but over the next week we will contact several creatives directly through crowdspring with a view to keep their pictures on our files, and we will then contact the creative when we have a book that fits their art, and offer this via crowdspring in a private project with a 250 dollars value. so don't be disappointed if you didn't quite get an award especially if you had a or star rated pic . we may still be in touch i would personally like to thank everyone who took part in this project. we had a tremendous response and the quality of the work was very high. thank you.
__label__non_math	1.0000	indonesia is known for being prone to natural disasters of all kinds, ranging from climatic floods, drought to geologic earthquakes, landslides, tsunamis, volcanoes, etc. , biological avian influenza to man-made deforestation, mining, conflicts . with an already high level of food insecurity, households' vulnerability to shocks is high as the assets and structures of communities are jeopardized by these complex emergencies and a general lack of disaster risk reduction and management. over the past five years, more than ,500,000 people have been directly affected by natural disasters, primarily in west sumatera, west java, central java, west nusa tenggara, east nusa tenggara and papua. following the tsunami of , the government of indonesia has become more aware of the risks, both real and potential, affecting the provinces, and has taken steps to build the capacity of its staff in disaster risk reduction. emergency preparedness and response has also become a priority for the indonesian church, specifically the national caritas office karina and a growing number of dioceses. various disasters over the past five years offered opportunities for the dioceses in those areas to contribute to the disaster responses and increase their response and management capacities. this has provided catholic relief services indonesia with greater opportunity to work with and support the local church and other organizations to improve their capacity in emergency response programming. latest stories from indonesia view all stories see all the different ways your support helps people around the world after disasters strike. the latest eruption from indonesia's mount merapi volcano killed people and forced thousands to flee from their homes. when sumatran villagers were left homeless after an earthquake, a crs program helped them build ,000 houses in just a few months. since , catholic relief services has been helping rural communities in indonesia alleviate human suffering, eradicate poverty and become self-reliant. over the past five years, crs in indonesia has responded to various disasters and helped more than ,000 people rebuild their lives. our response to the west sumatera earthquake in through cash grant for transitional shelter has been widely appreciated by the local government and donor community as the most effective strategy to provide timely, appropriate, accountable and high quality interventions. partnerskarina caritas indonesia cordaid and caritas australia united nations office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs
__label__non_math	0.9941	the requested page was not found the web page you requested does not exist in the given location or is temporarily unavailable. for user guides, release notes, and other detailed information, see one of the following pages: for general information on crsp products, see: to contact crsp regarding product support, training, or other matters, see:
__label__non_math	0.8582	perhaps i'm a lone voice on the topic of covert themes, but today's puzzle is a good example of what is wrong with them and how to fix them. without a clue to indicate that a theme exists, it is likely that many will miss the cleverness of the work. as i have said here awhile back, what fun is sitting in the closet if no one knows you're playing hide and seek? today's baseball theme was probably overlooked by many solvers, and that's too bad --- and unnecessary. take across: "thick carpet" is the clue for shag. to make this theme overt, the clue for shag could be "to catch flyballs, and a clue to the six long answers across."
__label__non_math	0.9955	this was my sixth cruise, third on princess others on hal and x , second to alaska first was on the x mercury . we're a male couple in our 60s, more interested in the outdoors than in drinking and or shopping. we chose this particular cruise because it was round trip from our hometown, san francisco, and because we got a pretty good price on an inside cabin. embarkation was a breeze. a friend dropped us off at the embarcadero, and within about a half-hour, we were in our cabin. the ship: we'd already been on the sea's sister ship, the dawn, and so knew what to expect. for a -year-old ship, she's in good shape. she certainly doesn't look brand new, but the only noticeable signs of wear i saw were around the adult pool and in the gym's men's room. the cabin was small but well designed, providing plenty of storage if not a lot of walking-around room. there's no dedicated observation lounge, a minus for inside passage cruises. public rooms were mostly pretty but kind of bland, the usual princess look. i do wish that princess wouldn't stack for-sale paintings all around the ship, giving the corridors the look of a salvation army art department. gym: i'd won a gift certificate at sailaway, and did three free "pilates" core-training classes. i've done a fair amount of pilates, and though the instructor was helpful and friendly, real pilates it wasn't. no emphasis on neutral pelvis, breathing, "zipping up" core. worth the price i paid, though i was glad i was already familiar with pilates principles. didn't otherwise work out. the gym was distinctly on the small side, though my partner always was able to get in a decent workout. sauna and steam were small but adequate, gym showers never seemed to get hot, and the lack of changing-room lockers was a minus. enrichment: unlike the celebrity alaska cruise, this one featured actual enrichment lectures by a geologist. i went to several of them, when schedule permitted, and they were interesting and pretty well done. missed the appearance by the dog-sled-racing woman, though. not exactly enrichment, but i loved the many trivia games though princess really should give away a better variety of swag, the way they used to . dining: i was struck by how good the main dining room food was, actually better than i remembered from other princess cruises. maybe not gourmet-restaurant quality, but i didn't order a single thing that wasn't tasty, often delicious. rather interesting menus, appetizers and desserts shone, and, as a hot-food fan, i was gratified to eat a few things that were nice and spicy. however, there was a big difference between the good stuff served in the mdr and most of what got dished out at the horizon court. too much of the buffet food was mediocre, some worse than that, and on this just-about-full sailing, it was often a chore to find a place to sit. night and day. i avoided the buffet whenever possible, and if i'd eaten only in the dining room, i would have given the food a five. dieted to lose eight pounds before the cruise, managed to happily gain it all back. entertainment was ok, but my tastes may not be aligned with most princess cruisers' - i work part-time at a rock venue, and the week before sailing, i'd seen dylan, melissa etheridge, and the guitarist from guns n roses. the dancers worked hard, but with the exception of a couple of numbers in cinematastic, production shows were so-so at best. the comedy juggler and magician were amusing. overall, pleasant enough for passing the time between dessert and sleep, but i can't imagine that anyone cruises princess primarily because of the shows. movies under the stars was more of an irritant than anything else. there were a couple of films during the day i would have liked to see, but the daylight left the image looking alternately too dark and washed out, and when horizon court crowding led me to find a table outside, i was blasted by the soundtrack of the middles of movies. whatever. service: good if unobtrusive steward. he never really checked up to make sure we were ok, he didn't replace the requested wine glasses. but when the toilet stopped working apparently a special sea princess feature he dealt with it promptly and it was fixed almost instantly. dining room service was great, though. our waiter was my favorite of any of my cruises, his assistant was good, too, and i was glad that i'd signed up for late traditional so i could have the same waitstaff and same great tablemates, comes to that every night. when we ate in the mdr other times, service was also excellent, friendly and efficient. i really like the level of princess service, relaxed but attentive. i only heard one service-oriented complaint from fellow cruisers about a cranky steward . we managed our own shore excursions, taking a city bus to totem bight park in ketchikan, another bus to the strenuous but great west glacier trail at mendenhall glacier in juneau, and walking over to a trail that brought us high above skagway. our time in victoria was too short - heard a number of complaints about that - and iffy weather led us to cancel a trip to butchart gardens and go to the b.c. museum instead. hint: start at the excellent second floor, not the so-so natural history section. we, unfortunately, ran out of time. tracy arm made for a decent day. we were able to get pretty close to sawyer glacier before bad weather set in, but i was left wishing i'd spent a bit more for an itinerary that included glacier bay. biggest downside of the cruise was a lot of bad weather, but i knew going in that by early september, things were likely to be cold and wet, and - a lot of the time - they were. all this may make it sound like i had a disappointing cruise, but the overall experience was more than the sum of its parts and my partner and i had a really good time, partly because we met some great ccers to hang out with, partly because i really enjoy the princess product. and, a plus, though the lgbt meetings were small, the overall vibe was very gay-friendly. so we booked another cruise while onboard, though on a bigger ship and with a warmer itinerary.
__label__non_math	0.9999	this will be a short review, just wanted to post a positive review of the dream the pools are small but that to me is normal on a cruise, so i was not disappointed. chairs on the pool deck were very hard to come by, we sat at a table most of the week, which worked out great for us the waterworks area is very nice, the kids loved the slides, and so did i lines at the buffet did get long, but we never waited in line for more than minutes. the food was excellent in the buffet, dining room, pasta bar, pizza, deli. i did not care for the burrito bar but many did. we did not go to any of the shows, but our daughter went to dancing in the streets with camp carnival and said the show was great the blackjack band in ocean's plaza was excellent. we really enjoyed sitting there at night after dinner. we danced and sang and had a great time. tried out the piano bar but did not care for justin. however the service in the piano bar was so good, we went back several times just to see the staff. our yr. old loved camp carnival, and had a great time our yr. old also enjoyed cc and made some great friends. our 16yr. old did not do any activities for his age group, but had a great cruise anyway. the kids loved the ice cream we ate in the crimson dining room with ytd and loved it this was a great family vacation i have done a separate report with the ports of call don't hesitate to book a cruise on the dream
__label__non_math	0.9995	we took a ship's tour here called "falmouth on your own". our bus was very uncomfortable with no leg room. other buses on this tour were better. the tour basically provided transportation and we had the day to ourselves at falmouth. falmouth was a picturesque fishing village on the cornwall coast. it was a nice day and we enjoyed it. the town was a bit of a disappointment as it was pretty much a "tourist trap" with shops like all the "tourist trap" shops on the us coasts. reykjavik was my favorite stop. the geological features in iceland are incredible. we had a wonderful tour with iceland horizon that took us around the golden circle with stops at gullfoss waterfall, the geyser basin, thingvellir national park, kerio crater, and another waterfall. our guide gave us wonderful background material and thoroughly enhanced the visit. iceland is amazing and is not to be missed. we rented a cab for two hours and he took us to signal hill, quidi vidi, the battery and to various sites around st. johns. the view from signal hill is magnificent. we thoroughly enjoyed this stop and were glad that we took a cab to the places that we wanted to see. the cab driver was a great tour guide and we had the flexibility to go wherever we wanted. we made the mistake of taking a ships tour new york highlights and transfer to jfk airport . our tour guide and driver were totally disorganized. we drove around and around with no discernible plan. if we could have gotten off and taken a cab to the airport, we would have. painful
__label__non_math	0.9936	latest cruise news headlines parent company prestige cruise holdings a subsidiary of private equity company apollo management, l.p., which also has a percent ownership stake in ncl announced that effective november , both lines will eliminate fuel supplements on all new bookings made for sailings that depart on or after . for existing reservations on voyages departing in , the fuel supplement charge will automatically be removed from passengers' final payment balance. for those booked on sailings that depart in regardless of booking date , oceania and regent have adopted a protocol for issuing fuel supplement refunds, to be determined on a quarterly basis. simply put, if the closing price of west texas intermediate fuel is below per person, per day. calendar quarters and relevant closing dates are as follows: on , oceania and regent will note the closing price per barrel of west texas intermediate fuel. if that price is below , passengers departing on cruises between january and first quarter will earn a refund in the form of onboard credit. on , if the price is less than , passengers departing on cruises between april and second quarter will earn a refund in the form of onboard credit. the price will determine whether passengers departing on cruises between july and third quarter will get the onboard credit. the price will determine whether passengers departing on cruises between october and fourth quarter will get the onboard credit. the new fuel supplement policies apply to all passengers regardless of country of residency. and, of course, the line could reinstate surcharges at any time, depending on the price of oil. see our at your service piece for a full list of cruise line fuel surcharges. --by dan askin, assistant editor
__label__non_math	0.9995	i was in my 's and still had fairly young kids, but they were old enough to appreciate cruising and have cruised in their adult life as well. just something about the whole expierence that makes you wanting to do it again and again... when i was eleven years old my parents and i came to the usa on the ss olympia. it was was like cruise. they had entertainment, a pool and plenty of food. the first cruise tha i booked myself was in on the celebrity century and i have been hooked ever since. carnival liberty new year's eve liberty of the seas the "kids" have now done three more cruises themselves, and one has introduced his own children to cruising. addict 'em early, that's become my motto i was , but the dw beats holly, she was - she had to suffer with me a long time before getting to take cruise a bad day at sea with power always beats a good day at work alaska - haven't picked a cruise yet carnival: glory , destiny , splendor , freedom , valor celebrity: summit princess: ruby , caribbean i was in my 's and dh had to talk me into going "a truly happy person is one who can enjoy the scenery on a detour." carnival inspiration carnival elation grand princess ncl sun sun princess ncl dream caribbean princess ncl dawn island princess island princess golden princess carnival conquest grand princess island princess grand princess carnival magic carnival dream island princess
__label__non_math	0.9958	we're unsure we want to snorkel at nassau or st. thomas since we plan on doing this at another port on the same cruise zuiderdam - . when you dock at these ports are there private companies offering snorkeling for cruise passengers? i remember being at grand cayman two years ago and there were tons of people trying to get our business for very good prices. i do not recall any vendors at pier in st. thomas selling excurisons, the pier is gated and security only lets in certain tour operators with booked excursions and bonded taxis. st. thomas is very easy to do on your own. lots of great beaches with snorkeling. sapphire is one of the best, then there is coki beach. meagan's bay beach is gorgeous but there is no snorkeling there a bit of a toursit trap if you want a bit of an adventure then get yourself over to st. john island - you grab a cab at the pier, head over to red hook harbor where you pick up the ferry over to cruz bay st. john. the ride over is very pretty, the island is very scenic , the beaches beautiful and the snorkeling is really good. go to of toursim website for lots of great information. we have snorkeled at st. thomas and nassau and there is no comparison between the two. st. thomas esp. st. john wins hands down most of the beaches have snorkel gear for rent, not my first choice. the gear gets lots of use and you have no idea of how sanitary it is snorkel you would be much better off renting your gear on the ship. a lot of the ships allow you rent the gear for the entire cruise, the standards on the ship are higher that those on some islands. buy your own gear - you only need mask snorkel, rent the fins, unless your foot is very small, or very large then you would probably have to pack your own fins. we got on-line booked with godfrey for st.thomas. we had our own equip, he took us on a little tour dropped you off on your beach of choice: coki, magen's, sapphire. we saw magen's from mtn top for pics then snorkled coki on our own. in nassau i don't care for nassau but we booked thru cruise line to rainbow reef. pretty, lots of big fish some as large as mark the boat was easy to get out of. they had equip there for you included.
__label__non_math	0.9850	this was me and my wifes first cruise. we've been lot's of places. we have to say this was one of the worse vacations we have ever been on. first is the close all hottubs at after they were full of kids all day. then our port of call was cancled and all we was refunded was . what a ripoff you don't think they mad a killing by keeping us on the boat gambling and drinking. we were aware of the gratuity of .a day. but we didnt know that you pay on every beverage you get wether you get it or the bring it to you. and speaking on drinks while suning on the deck a waitress dumps a tray of drinks on me and my wife all we got was sorry not a towel or anything. the food was below fast food quality, burgers over cooked no taste, hot dogs were nasty, pizza was ok all you could drink was coffee,tea,milk or juices that taste terible. the best part was docking in nassau and visiting atlantis. i went to purchace a bottle vodka in the liquor store and was told they would deliver it to my room a that evening. this was at . my friend went to get one at4pm and the let him take his. didnt understand that one but i was over the boat and could not wat to get off the boat. i won't cruise with them again. and dont recommend it to anyone. sorry to hear of this unhappy experience. i cruised on the fascination last november and had a wonderful time. food quality is a very subjective thing. yes, they typically only refund the port taxes and fees for missing a port. i've missed several over the years. it can be disappointing, but is something experienced cruisers expect as a possibility. i don't know about the vodka thing. when i've bought liquor in port or on board in the gift shop they've always delivered it the last evening of the cruise. while we adore cruising, it really isn't for everyone. i do wish to correct some bad information that the op posted though. carnival does not make more money by missing a port. this is a common misconception. the amount of money carnival makes on shore excursions is much more than they would make on bar sales from - . this is especially true if the port you missed was half moon cay....since carnival owns this entire island...so all the money would have spent snorkeling, horseback riding, bar sales would have all gone to carnival. as a seasoned cruiser, i would also caution eliminating entire cruise lines based on one cruise. using this criteria, eventually you will no longer be able to cruise....because the same thing can happen on any cruise line and you will run out of cruise lines to sail. if you want to go to a specific port, i would suggest flying there. this is precisely why we repeatedly state that no question is a silly question. having expectations in line before anyone takes any type of vacation is key. we only wish that more new cruisers would find message boards such as this one before their cruises. other than that, i've nothing to add to the great responses above until the op returns. the way i see it, it was the missed port and the added tips that made you unhappy with carnival. if you were on another cruise line and missed a port the end results would have been exactly the same, exactly...a refund of the port fees. maybe it is possible that cruising is just not for you folks. it happens.. this is an example of a new cruiser not asking questions here or another forum with helpful members first. then they go on the cruise with the wrong expectations and or didn't read the details of the ticket contract. of course then the bad experience is posted here or on multiple forums. all else i can say is when i went on my first cruise i didn't have this wealth of information available. it was a new adventure and learning experience for me and i loved it. it sorta stuck with me as my vacation of choice. give me a fun ship cheeseburger, a beer, and a view of the ocean and i am a happy soul. as has been said, it's not for everyone though. ok guys this is the deal i am the orignal poster of this forum. it wasn't just because we missed a port of call. you are wrong that the boat don't make money. just think what they make just off the casino and drinks that they wouldn't have made without missing that port. second the food was awful. taco bell would have been a step up. well all i've to say is i could have went to vegas and had alot more fun for the money we spent on this cruise. at least in vegas you don't have to pay a gratuity for a bottle of water that i got up and got myself. besides they fail to mention the on all beverages when telling you that grauities are .a day they never specify that is just for housekeeping. and speaking on gratuity i thought that was for good service. a server dumped drinks on us while on the deck and all we got was sorry. anyway it was the worse vacation we've ever had. we'll take our money to vegas at least we have a choice there. going somewhere else other than a cruise might be a good idea for you. it is generally my observation that when people find everything about a cruise bad that cruising is just not for them. i would think that if everything was totally "bad" that there would have been other people complaining. i still think that cruising isnt for everyone and probably not for you. originally posted by unhappycustomer: you are wrong that the boat don't make money. just think what they make just off the casino and drinks that they wouldn't have made without missing that port. let me assure that i know exactly what i am talking about. not only have we been with the cruise industry for years, i am an accountant who has spoken at length about this very subject with a carnival cruise lines vp. so please do not come on here with your one cruise experience and tell me that i am wrong. you have no idea the amount of money made in shore excursions by carnival. and if the port you missed was half moon cay, that is one of the ports that carnival makes the most money on because they own the entire island. if you buy a drink on the island, you charge it to your sail and sign card because carnival owns the bar. if you snorkel, ride horseback, rent a cabana...it is all through ship excursions. again, sorry you had a bad time...but facts are facts and your comment about the ship missing a port to make more money is ridiculous and totally false.
__label__non_math	1.0000	hi everyone i want to thank larryk's son for responding to my first post and prodding his dad into responding. meeting larry and ginny was a life turning event for scott and i. such wonderful, sincere, genuine, happy people. we've become life long friends in such a short time. scott and i just adore both of you. larry with his wonderful red wine and port fetish and ginny with her "show me your jewellery and shoes and clothes". had i know i would meet somebody who would actually say those things i would have been more shallow and packed more stuff when i was in england though i did get a chance to have lunch and spend the afternoon with good friends we met on our first cruise
__label__non_math	0.9341	this conversation with yukiko shikata, an independent curator based in tokyo, developed in april , it follows up lines of thoughts that occurred when verina met yukiko in japan the summer before as part of a research residency at tokyo university of the arts. the email-exchange takes four points as structuring element: independent curating, lack of mega-archives, entering media art, longterm projects and curating as research. verina gfader: to start our conversation i would like to address your current sites of activity and their economies. you recently left icc to continue working as an independent curator where do you see its potential within current japanese economies and the role of media art spaces, where and how art takes place? is there a desire to be 'outside' the institution which perhaps assumes a more protective environment? yukiko shikata: i left icc after working there for five and a half years. i curated many thematic exhibitions and events and i thought it was time to restart my activities, because i felt the moment of a fundamental shift now in the second decade of the 21c. the ways of communicating are drastically changing, via social networking systems such as twitter, or ustream twitter, where the borders between the private public, here there, mass media micro media, etc. are blurred, and the identity is getting multi-layered and connective. being aware of these situations, i see the new emergence of media arts by creatively combining art, science, and technology, and i would like to work for stimulating the future culture and society, by actualizing the creative potential of people across fields. for this, my role is to change flexibly depending on each project, ranging from small events, continuous r d, big exhibitions and projects in and out of japan at this moment. thinking about the current economical situation in japan and all over the world, art and cultural activities are in crisis, and i see the supporting structure for art could possibly come not from a single sponsor such as from one company , but from several sponsors beyond companies, foundations, and individuals beyond nations. i expect the emergence of a new economy in the age of digital networks, with shared information and knowledge created by the people. the creators will carry out more direct distribution of their creations, and there will be more sustainable "on-demand"-based money exchanges. these new kinds of creation and distribution will lead to new cultural value, and the new cultural value will lead us to new economic value. this is my hope and what i am heading for. i used to call myself a "mediator" or "agency" these past five years, but recently i started to call my mission "curating the future", by intentionally expanding the word "curating" into disseminating creative thinking beyond culture, science, society, etc. sometimes i bridge, and create links and relations between the people and fields for the projects and exhibitions, and sometimes let them free to communicate with each other as something that would start someday in the future. i see some of the seeds of the past several years starting to bloom, recently in the form of various kinds of collaboration -- projects, workshops and spaces. additionally, i started several small activities including open lab. within the frame of my lecture class at the tokyo zokei university. at open lab., i and two mature students who recently opened an alternative space in tokyo downtown , as incubators, stimulate the students to start autonomous research projects, and we open my class three times per semester to present progress and for further discussions. as a starter, we did two events out of class recently, one is the open "connecting party" with the president of the university in his room, and the other is the "urban picnic" fieldwork which is a to walk around tokyo downtown to reach the alternative spaces of the students. we open it to anybody who is interested, to join the workshop and to collaborate, and also we utilize the ustream twitter to stream realtime for further interaction. so now two new research groups are born, and i look forward to seeing the progress. in general, there are many artist- and curator-run alternative spaces emerging recently, and they are actively communicating with other spaces. many interactions both in real and virtual spaces activate the scene, and i would like to connect them with the official cultural institutes, research centers and organisations, museums and art centers. vg: shifting our dialogue from the action, to how cultural activities and practices are entangled with the question of preserving them: when we met in summer , you talked about how in japan, body and technology are quite 'naturally' linked, technology is not an alienating device. japanese people are looking for the new, as life is based on transformation and the fleeting referring to the buddhist tradition . there is no desire for building permanence, as in europe for example, or thinking a "permanent situation". this led into questions of archiving, forms of documents, and memory. you mentioned that the idea is not to establish a "whole archive" mega-archive as desired in the west, memories are personal, and remain personal, in this sense there is a 'fragmented archive'. in the japanese context there is no aim to build this shared big archive. my questions are about media and archiving, how to preserve work, or what to preserve? do institutions archive at all, and in what way? ys: in japan and most of the asian countries, there is no strong desire for the "construction" or "overview", like in the west. i think the european notions of "construction" and "overview" are established on the premise of the cartesian notion and notation of space, and "chronos", the notion of time, and in asian countries time and space were not articulated in this western way. especially in japan, we live in the environment of ever-changing nature four seasons, typhoon, etc. , and this makes the japanese to flexibly adjust to the phenomena, and even to interpenetrate with them. but, after modernization we japanese took the western method, and now in the age of global networks, we confront the various values from different cultures... so, i think it is the time for the japanese to be aware of being multi-perspectival, including the way of self-articulation and reflection. regarding the practical notion of archiving: we are aware of building the archive, by taking the modern western method of "mega-archive", but the history, cultural and budgetary reasons do not easily let us to build a stable, continuous system to preserve the data for the archive. at the same time, we confront the future of archiving in the age of digital networks. the whole notion and system of "archive" should be reconsidered beyond cultures and countries, and there will be no one, universal state of "archive", but there will be more de-centralized, multi-perspective approaches to the archive. the digitally networked archive with social tagging by people's participation would be one of the actual, significant forms of archives. answering your question on preserving media art more directly: each media art work is different, some are stored physically and some are preserved only by data. hardwares, softwares change rapidly over time, and becoming obsolete, and many works would be difficult to be shown in a proper way as time goes by. i think it is very difficult to keep the work function as it used to be, so the "documentation" of the work by video and sound like performance pieces, because most of media art works are time-based, experience-based would be the most fundamental way for archiving. vg: to reflect back in time... i am interested in your entrance to media art, what was relevant to you at that time? what are the original aims and ideas in your practice? my question relates to your work at canon, and ycam yamaguchi center for arts and media, with kazunao abe. ys: i came into this field by encountering joseph beuys in . i was very impressed by his ideas and attitudes, and the fluidity of his works, including what he described and understood as "social sculpture" and "everybody is an artist". it keeps me encouraged and stimulated even now, and i would say that all of my activities -- especially "moblab" , "open nature" , and "mission g: sensing the earth" -- fundamentally come from an ongoing re-interpretation of beuys's activities. i was also influenced by nam june paik, and in the mid 80s, by the activities of ocean earth peter fend, ingo gunther , all of them are in a way "outsiders" they were originally not specialized in art, but then became artists , they take some distance to the existing notion of art, and have a keen sense of combining art and technology with a socio-cultural approach. i take a very similar stance. since the mid 80s, i am very interested in art in relation to technology from critical perspectives, and started to write on the issue, and started curating. then, in , i got an offer to be co-curator at canon artlab to collaborate with artists and canon's computer engineers, and we co-curators me and kazunao abe, currently the artistic director of ycam yamaguchi center for arts and media took the direction to do experiments in producing new works of media art. at canon artlab, my curatorial direction was to focus on "process", "flow", "algorithmic" based organization of information beyond analog digital, micro macro, and to produce a system, platform or space for public interaction -- in opposite of being a "narrative" "representative" expression -- this my curatorial direction was established in the 90s, by collaborating with artists such as ulrike gabriel, knowbotic research, teiji furuhashi, seiko mikami, and carsten nicolai marko peljhan. vg: the issue of continuation and duration seems to re-occur at the time i visited icc you presented a stage of the longterm project "mission g: sensing the earth", as part of open space . in relation to projects that develop over time and research based curating, here addressing themes of the territorial and mapping, what difficulties do you experience in your curatorial practice with regard to these works in process maintaining the process ? what are the potentials? concept based curating, that allows you to work with artworks horizontally non-linear and that allows for making 'new' connections, is this a methodology driven by ideas? ys: "mission g: sensing the earth" exhibition icc, - had a long-term duration, and i consciously utilized that. i was very interested in the recent situation, the global diffusion of diy open source approaches to hardware and software, and how many individuals had started to measure the environmental data and share it. the local data are connected to becoming global. anything in daily life and the environment can be sensed and visualized. i was also very interested in the possibility of a new emergence of information, by the continuous micro-activities of each bit of information, without setting any strict goals. also, through the emergence of sensing on a micro-level, by sharing, visualizing, and perceiving the form of the globe, there might emerge a new consciousness for us to share the earth, by self-reflection. i think the importance of the singular artist creator will stay, but i certainly see the emergence of other layers in artistic creation and distribution based on the "shared" culture, so that the existing way of expression could be repositioned. the exhibition consisted of projects beyond art, science and architecture, and the whole space was made for the works to co-exist, and even with some relations between the works sending data to the other work . the whole space looked very calm, there was no clear interaction by the visitors, because all the works were in operation getting the environmental data from many places in the world, including satellites outside of icc, and visualized in realtime. the whole exhibition gradually changed according to the environmental data. the visitors could feel close to the "environment" during their stay in the exhibition, and after leaving there, they will be more aware about the daily environment -- natural and informational -- around them. the "mission g: sensing the earth" asks the question of "observation", "calculation", and "visualization" in the age of digital technology. the trans-coding process from the numerical into the visual and perceivable data, shows us the optional features in dealing with data in observation systems. in the observation, additionally many "filters" exist - such as observation systems, observation devices and their mechanisms, the accuracy of the measuring device, the ways of analysis, visualization, and notation. any measurement, analysis, and visualization are part of the "filters". being conscious about that, we are now heading for the new horizon of measurement, and i would like to call it "micrometry". in "micrometry", each individual keeps measuring and feeding the environmental data by her his own interest and without having a unified perspective or goal, this is a micro-, autonomous- behavior. i think this is what is happening now also in our society. it might be understood as a perspective beyond "humans". there are the decentralized, time-based special projection by hajime narukawa s "authagraph", "dust architecture" coined by dna doublenegatives architecture , that keeps transforming being influenced by an ever-changing environment, by connecting "nodes super eye " with polar coordinate, and "pachube" as the network of local-, micro-information. a dynamically shared information platform would emerge beyond marginal micro data and perception, by getting connected and cooperating with each other. it is not "visually-represented" but rather "tactile", and originates in a micro and personal stance. the "earth" being generated in the "mission g" exhibition is based bottom-up, an ever-changing dynamic one, and open in the information process to go beyond the static way of space representation by existing maps and notation systems. and i think this "micrometry" is happening also in our mental spaces via the communication mediated such as by twitter. "mission g" stays important for me and i will keep on investigating it.
__label__non_math	1.0000	i'm gradually going through all the crummy articles and changing them from evil microsoft-created files into friendly linux files. i'm taking the opportunity to do some minor updates and change links. eventually all the crummy links will work. help me out by sending me dead links. if you have to send me mail on saturday, send it to email the ucla mailserver is going down for maintenance on that day, and i won't be able to get mail from firstname.lastname until sunday sunday sunday
__label__non_math	0.9727	.1ch speaker package satellite center channel speakers .1ch speaker package system overview: the polk audio blackstone tl1600 high-performance .1ch home theater system features matching satellite loudspeakers, a horizontal center-channel speaker, and a powered subwoofer. the polk audio blackstone tl1600 system offers a compact, high-performance solution for your home theater, music listening, or gaming needs. plus you can add individually available, perfectly timbre-matched blackstone tl speakers 107tl1b, sold separately to expand your home theater experience into ., ., or .channels. note: the system's overall frequency response is 40hz-22khz and the -3db frequency response is -20khz. satellite center-channel speakers polk audio black stone tl series: the polk audio black stone tl series loudspeakers tl1 feature new innovations specifically designed to enhance compact speaker performance. the black stone tl1 series speaker is a two-way satellite loudspeaker utilizing a bass-reflex enclosure with a rear-firing port. the tl1 series loudspeakers are equipped with -way binding posts and offer various mounting options. dynamic balance driver technology: polk audio's patented dynamic balance process allows polk to design their drivers specifically for flatter frequency response, revealing the sharpest details and a more lifelike transparency, with absolutely no strain even at high volume. it's a bold, rich, warm, and lifelike sound. time lens technology: the sophisticated laser alignment of the "acoustic center" of the blackstone tl tweeters with their accompanying drivers results in far superior imaging. the acoustic centers of the tweeter and mid-range woofer are aligned, creating a crisp accurate soundstage. the acoustic centers of the tweeter and mid-bass driver are located in the same plane for superior imaging, while the acoustic lens incorporated in the grille smoothes the tweeter's frequency response. drivers: the black stone tl1 satellite center-channel speakers feature a two-way design. - " silk dome tweeter: each polk audio black stone tl1 satellite center-channel loudspeaker utilizes a " silk-polymer dome tweeter for crisp, clear imaging, and smooth response that's never - - " long-throw woofer: the polk audio black stone tl1 satellite loudspeakers use a - " composite long-throw cone woofer, while the tl1 center-channel employs dual - " composite long-throw cone woofers. each long-throw woofer utilizes dynamic balance driver technology polk's patented transducer design process to produce a flat frequency response, with sharp detail, transparency, and the ability to play loud without strain. frequency response: the overall frequency response of each satellite loudspeaker is 120hz-22khz and the -3db frequency response is 135-20khz. the overall frequency response of the center-channel speaker is 95hz-22khz and the -3db frequency response is bass reflex enclosure: the polk audio black stone tl1 satellite center-channel speaker feature a non-resonant composite enclosure with a curved design, time-aligned geometry, integrated acoustic lens, an aperiodic-tuned rear port, and a beautiful high-gloss finish. - curved design: the polk audio black stone tl1 loudspeakers employ non-parallel surfaces that not only lead to a stronger, more rigid and acoustically inert enclosure, but they also result in less audible coloration from internal surface resonances. - integrated acoustic lens: an innovative acoustic lens incorporated into the grille produces a high frequency response so smooth that it delivers a balanced, realistic performance. an acoustic lens is molded into the back of the speaker grille and helps create imaging frequency balance previously impossible in small high-performance satellite speakers. - aperiodic-tuned rear port: an aperiodic-tuned rear port enables better blending with a subwoofer. this design combines the bass extension of an acoustic suspension enclosure with the mid-bass boost of a ported enclosure by controlling airflow through the port for better extension without distortion. - high-gloss finish: the tl1 enclosure features a durable, deep automotive-strength high-gloss finish that matches today's most stylish flat-panel tvs. the tl1 satellites center-channel speakers are available in a high-gloss black -way binding posts: the polk audio black stone tl1 center-channel is equipped with one pair of -way binding posts to ensure a secure connection to many types of speaker cables and connectors. the binding post terminals will accept banana plugs single or dual , pin-connectors, spade-connectors, and bare wire -agw . rubber feet: the polk audio tl1 satellite center-channel speakers feature integrated rubber feet so you can sit the speaker on a stand or shelf securely. wall mountable: the tl1 satellite center-channel speakers feature keyhole slots on the back of the cabinet for wall-mounting the speakers without any additional wall-mount bracket mounting screws not supplied . there is also a "-threaded insert on the back of each loudspeaker for mounting the speaker to the wall using an optional articulating bracket sold separately . " woofer: the polk audio powered subwoofer features a downfiring " long-throw dynamic balance poly-composite woofer with a foam surround for big, built-in watt amplifier: the down-firing woofer is powered by a built-in watt rms 100 watt peak amplifier. bass reflex enclosure: the polk audio powered subwoofer utilizes a bass-reflex enclosure with a down-firing port. the powered subwoofer's enclosure features heavy-duty, non-resonant abs construction with an elegant satin black finish that creates the ideal d cor accent. audio controls: the polk audio powered subwoofer features the following rear-panel audio controls. - volume: the powered subwoofer features a rotary volume knob to adjust the subwoofer's volume to your preference. - low-pass crossover: the rotary low-pass crossover knob adjusts the frequency range over which the subwoofer operates. you can adjust the subwoofer's low-pass crossover between -160hz to prevent mid high frequencies passing through to the woofer. - phase: the powered subwoofer's phase switch can be set at or 180 degrees. whichever phase setting sound louder of fuller at the subwoofer's crossover point is the optimum setting. audio connections: the polk audio powered subwoofer features the following line-level speaker-level audio connections. - line level: the powered subwoofer is equipped with a pair of gold-plated line-level rca-type inputs for connecting the subwoofer lfe output of your a v receiver to the powered sub. - speaker level: the powered subwoofer is also equipped with two pair of speaker-level input terminals and two pair of speaker-level output terminals to connect the powered subwoofer between the front-channel speaker outputs of your av receiver and the speaker terminal inputs on this system's automatic turn-on off circuitry: the powered subwoofer features auto on off circuitry which automatically turn the subwoofer on when it senses an audio signal. when no signal is present, the circuit turns the subwoofer off after minutes. frequency response: the overall frequency response of the powered subwoofer is 40hz-160hz and the -3db frequency response is -160khz.
__label__non_math	0.9998	our product research team at crutchfield, you'll get detailed, accurate information that's hard to find elsewhere. that's because we have our own in-house product research team they open the box, verify contents, check the owner's manual, and record dimensions, features and specs. we stay on top of new products and technologies to help people make informed choices. overview: the sonos bridge is used to connect a sonos digital music system to your home network or to extend the wireless range of your existing sonos digital music system. the sonos bridge makes setting up your wireless sonos system fast and easy by simply connecting the bridge to your router to instantly activate sonosnet a secure wireless mesh network . all your sonos players connect, play: and the sonos controller will work wirelessly and can be placed anywhere in your home. although the bridge doesn't play music like a sonos player, it's an effective way to extend the range of your sonos system and expand the controller's wireless coverage. it's also a way to connect other products to the internet. note: this unit is not a stand-alone device and requires at least one sonos player connect, connect:amp, play:, or play: instant wired wireless setup: the bridge connects to your router using a standard ethernet cable connection -port switch, 100mbps, auto mdi mdix . then, a simple press of the button located on top of the bridge will start sonosnet, a secure aes encrypted, peer-to-peer wireless mesh network that enables other sonos products to control and play music wirelessly. system flexibility: once you've set up your bridge, you can easily add components anytime. if your home has structured built-in wiring, you can make a wired connection to additional sonos players or bridges. if you don't have structured wiring, you can take advantage of sonos' built-in wireless technology. the bridge provides flexibility to place your sonos players in any room of the house and connect them all wirelessly. ethernet ports: the bridge has two ethernet jacks on the back to bring standard internet connectivity to your set-top box, pc, game console or nas drive. range expansion: you can stream music wirelessly to a remote location by placing a bridge between your sonos player in a remote location and the rest of your sonos system. you can also improve controller access to sonosnet by placing the bridge in areas where wireless coverage needs a boost. the bridge is ideal for retrofits, where your sonos players might be in one location instead of being placed throughout your home. desktop controller software: designed with a user interface to accommodate large screen displays, the supplied sonos desktop controller software for pc and mac will guide you through both set up and music sharing. it offers all the same functionality as the sonos controller, but instead of being in the palm of your hand, it's all on your desktop. the software offers the - easy-to-use wizard for set up and music sharing. set up music folders on your hard drive so they can be shared across all sonos players. - control of your sonos digital music system from your desktop. - add and edit your choice of internet radio stations. system requirements: you computer will need to meet the following system requirements to connect the bridge and use the supplied sonos controller - pc: windows xp sp3 or higher, windows vista, windows , windows - mac: os x v10.or higher - internet connection: dsl, cable modem or lan-based high-speed internet connection recommended
__label__non_math	0.9995	cruzan rum, - . alc. vol. , cruzan international, 510 lake cook road, deerfield, il, usa. cruzan viril ltd., is the trademark owner for all cruzan trademarks. all trademarks are the property of their respective owners. cruzan rum distillery, 3a estate diamond, frederiksted, st. croix, u.s. virgin islands . always enjoy cruzan rum responsibly
__label__non_math	1.0000	visitors are welcome to read any published material on this site. visitors may also post comments as long as they are polite and relevant to the topic at hand. if you post comments, then you agree that the comments are the property of cryptosmith llc. the comments may - or may not - be edited or deleted at the sole discretion of cryptosmith llc. to post a comment, you need to log in. you may log in using any one of several social media sites. when you log in, the site will collect your name, email address, and possibly your photo. when you post a comment, the site passes your comments and identifying information to mollom vbvc, a european company that analyzes it for possible spam. if mollom approves, then your post may appear. by default, everything is
__label__non_math	0.9994	in these tumultuous times, when the world seems out of whack, it is important that we seek balance in our daily lives. balance between work and play, quiet times and busy times and a balance between our inner and outer ways of being. fluorite is a good stone to clear and align scattered thoughts. when our mind is focused we can make centered and balanced decisions. in tarot and astrology, the justice card and libra both symbolize the scales, denoting the ability to act from a calm and balanced position that allows honorable solutions. in palmistry a balance between and equally strong head and heart line is ideal in creating wholeness through integration of heart and mind. a lovely balancing meditation is the tree . drawing in higher energy from above like the branches of a tree and drawing it through the crown chakra downwards, through the souls of the feet and into the heart of mother earth, sending her love and discharging any excess energy. we are now balanced between heaven and earth, centered and ready for whatever the day brings us and ready to receive and give equally. janey is available for readings at the crystal castle on thursdays and sundays. phone ahead to make your booking.
__label__non_math	1.0000	wine gift, wine accessories are you, or someone you know, a wine enthusiast? we have an array of wine gift opportunities for you to peruse as low as: - material: metal and wood - dimension: " x " x " - weight: .lbs with box - packing: gift box - tools include: corkscrew, replacement screw, drip collar, decanter, stopper, and foil cutter
__label__non_math	0.9999	hamerschlag hall electrical shutdown scs computing facilities has received the following service outage notification from facilities management services: date time: from - a.m. subject: hamerschlag hall electrical shutdown circuit transfers associated with scott hall construction on tuesday, december , from until there will be an electrical shutdown in hamerschlag hall. this shutdown is necessary to prepare for the first phase of construction for scott hall. building occupants should anticipate that their electronic and electrical equipment will not have power unless they know that this equipment is on an emergency circuit. all nonessential equipment should be turned off in anticipation of this outage. if you have any questions please contact kyle tomer at -, e-mail email or marty altschul at -, e-mail firstname.lastname thank you for your attention, scs help desk
__label__non_math	0.9127	medicine and imagingour faculty are engaged in research collaborations with colleagues in biomedical engineering, neurology and neuro-surgery. areas of central interest to these disciplines draw on techniques developed in mathematics, algorithms, computer vision and computer graphics. thus, our students are well prepared to undertake research in these exciting fields. specific areas in which our faculty, graduate and undergraduate students are contributing include: brain image analysis, image-guided neurosurgery, medical imaging and diffusion imaging. some courses that are relevant for this area are:
__label__non_math	0.9974	albert r. meyer prof. meyer has been at mit since . he is best known for his contributions to computational complexity theory, including the formulation of the polynomial-time hierarchy and the first proofs of the exponential complexity of known decision problems. he has contributed extensively to type theory and semantics of programming languages and concurrent processes. as an outgrowth of his recent responsibility for several large introductory courses, he has become interested in educational technology. prof. meyer has supervised twenty-six ph.d students, many now prominent researchers on the faculty of leading departments throughout the country. he is a member of numerous professional societies and editorial boards, is a member of the american academy of arts and science, and is editor-in-chief of the journal information and computation.
__label__non_math	0.9996	conner griffin ' conner griffin is a junior from lakeville, minnesota, majoring in economics and minoring in accounting. he attended lakeville north high school, where he served as captain on the cross country and track teams. at saint john's, griffin is involved in the student senate, model united nations, and is also competing on the varsity cross country and track teams. he is currently serving as the student representative to the sju board of trustees.
__label__non_math	0.9966	washington - we know all too well that few efforts to build democratic and tolerant societies in kosovo or anywhere in the region can succeed without addressing the role of slobodan milosevic and the need for democratic change in serbia itself. until that occurs, the international community will continue to be challenged in the region, said commission chairman rep. christopher h. smith r-nj at today s hearing kosovo s displaced and imprisoned held by the commission on security and cooperation in europe. commissioner rep. frank r. wolf r-va and ranking commissioner rep. steny h. hoyer d-md also attended. testifying before the commission were: ambassador john menzies, deputy special advisor to the president and secretary of state for kosovo implementation, u.s. department of state; bill frelick, director of policy, u.s. committee for refugees; his grace artemije, serbian orthodox bishop of prizren and raska; andrzej mirga, chairman, project on ethnic relations romani advisory council, and co-chair, specialists group on the roma of the council of europe; susan blaustein, senior consultant, international crisis group; and ylber bajraktari, a political analyst from kosovo. smith emphasized that during this time of attempted reconciliation, it is particularly important that we are alert around the time of important anniversaries, such as the anniversary of the nato bombing that is forthcoming. he also said that we must keep our focus on potential hot spots that might devolve into another kosovo, areas such as southern serbia or montenegro. and we must make every effort to remember the forgotten and vulnerable in kosovo the roma, conscientious objectors, muslim slavs and those albanians accused by extremists to have been collaborators with the serbian regime. smith called upon the clinton administration to raise the public level of attention to the status of albanian prisoners of conscience in serbia and to call upon the serbian regime to comply with international law and release them. menzies, speaking for the clinton administration, said that gradually, peace is taking hold, and the resolution of the questions posed by the displaced and imprisoned are important factors in building that peace. the key to the return of all citizens of kosovo is security. however, menzies said, the continued detention of albanians in serbia remains a tragic and acutely vexing issue for the international community. given our lack of diplomatic relations with belgrade, it is difficult for the u.s. government to directly pressure the milosevic regime on this issue. bishop artemije recommended, kfor should be more robust in suppressing violence, organized crime and should more effectively protect the non-albanian population from extremists. this is required by the u.n. resolution . more international police should be brought to kosovo. finally, the international community, especially the u.s., should make clear to kosovo albanian leaders, that they cannot create an ethnically cleansed state under the protectorate of western democratic governments. andrzej mirga commented, the most devastating effect on minds and feelings of those belonging to minorities is the fact that the same atrocities which were associated with serbs during the conflict are taking place now in the presence of international forces. until civil society, rule of law, and moderation are achieved it is hard to believe that these minorities will feel secure. susan blaustein noted, it was u.s. officials in washington who allowed the issue of the albanian prisoners to be dropped from the negotiating table. nevertheless, the pragmatic omission of the prisoner issue from the military-technical agreement that brought the conflict to a much-desired close does not in any way relieve the parties to that conflict of the obligation to release, immediately upon the cessation of hostilities, all prisoners of war pows and civilians detained in the course of armed conflict. this obligation is incumbent upon all signatories to the third and fourth geneva conventions of and the accompanying protocol ii of ylber bajraktari humanized the numbers by citing cases, such as: -year-old albin kurti, a former leader of the non-violent student movement; flora brovina, a prominent pediatrician and human rights activist; ukshin hoti, a harvard graduate considered by some to be a possible future leader of kosovo; and, bardhyl caushi, dean of the school of law, university of pristina. frelick recommended, the u.s. government and other donors should direct bilateral funding to international nongovernmental organizations to develop alternative networks to deliver humanitarian assistance in serbia. this will not only establish alternative networks for the delivery of humanitarian assistance, thus breaking the yugoslav red cross monopoly and introducing healthy competition that will hopefully make the yrc more accountable as well, but will also encourage the development of an active and vibrant local ngo sector in the federal republic of yugoslavia fry . egarding resettlement, frelick said, the united states should institute refugee processing out of podgorica, montenegro; president clinton should issue a presidential determination permitting the united states to consider admitting certain categories of internally displaced persons in the fry as refugees for purposes of the u.s. resettlement program; and, the following vulnerable groups such as: a roma and hashkalija gypsies who fled from kosovo to serbia proper, montenegro, or macedonia would have a well-founded fear of persecution if returned to kosovo. b ethnic albanians from kosovo who fled from kosovo to serbia proper or montenegro because of threats or persecution at the hands of ethnic albanian nationalists who accuse them of collaborating with the serbian regime ruling kosovo until june and who have a well-founded fear of persecution if returned to kosovo. a relatively small number of ethnic albanians fled kosovo. c serbian conscientious objectors. d gorani, slavic muslims who fled kosovo into serbia proper or montenegro. e the refugees who continue to live in collective centers in kosovo. f members of albanian-serbian mixed marriages. g ethnic albanians from serbia proper mostly presevo who have fled into macedonia. h other ethnic and religious minorities from kosovo. approximately two years ago, a decade of severe repression and lingering ethnic tensions in kosovo erupted into full-scale violence, leading eventually to nato intervention in early and un administration immediately thereafter. the conflict in kosovo was ostensibly between the serbian and yugoslav forces controlled by yugoslav president slobodan milosevic since indicted for war crimes on the one hand, and the kosovo liberation army which arose from more militant segments of kosovo s albanian majority on the other. as with previous phases of the yugoslav conflict, however, the primary victims have largely been innocent civilians. over one million ethnic albanians were displaced during the conflict, as well as over 100,000 serbs and tens of thousands of roma in the aftermath of the international community s intervention. senseless atrocities were frequently committed throughout this process of forced migration. many remain unable to return, and the recent violence in the northern city of mitrovica demonstrates the continued volatility of the current situation. meanwhile, a large number of kosovar albanians, removed from the region while it was still under serbian control, languish in serbian prisons to this day. media contact: chadwick r. gore
__label__non_math	0.9999	by alex t. johnson and mischa thompson, phd, policy advisors as part of an ongoing initiative to foster ethnic minority political participation in the osce region1, congressman alcee l. hastings d-fl , co-chairman of the united states helsinki commission attended the united nations un second session of the forum on minority issues. the session focused on minorities and effective political participation, took place on november and , at the palais des nations in geneva, switzerland. the purpose of the forum was to identify and analyze best practices, challenges, opportunities and initiatives for the further implementation of the un declaration on the rights of persons belonging to national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities. the forum consisted of a preparatory meeting for ngos, workshop for minority political actors, the forum, and two side events organized by the minority rights group and united nations office of the high commissioner for human rights. recommendations based on the proceedings were produced at the close of the forum. the u.s. delegation to the forum was led by congresswoman barbara lee d-ca , chairman of the congressional black caucus. in addition to co-chairman hastings, other members of the u.s. delegation included, congressman mike honda d-ca - chair of the congressional asian pacific american caucus, and delegate donna christensen d-vi . the forum was chaired by congresswoman lee and convened by united nations independent expert on minority issues, gay mcdougall. more than five hundred persons participated in the forum, including more than eighty elected officials and other political actors, forty-five delegates and ninety-five non-government organizations from all over the world. the u.s. delegation attended the workshop for minority political actors, which took place prior to the forum and allowed elected officials and other political figures to discuss their own priorities and strategies for increasing minority political participation. participants discussed barriers and possible remedies and efforts governments, parliaments, political parties, national human rights institutions, civil society, treaty bodies, united nations institutions, the media, and other stakeholders could engage in to foster minority political participation. the u.s. delegation focused on the need to educate minority populations on their civil and political rights, including voting, running for office, and advocacy. additionally, to address the lack of representation of minorities in government, the delegation called for initiatives that would increase employment opportunities for minorities in the political sphere. specifically, these recommendations included introducing civic education programs led by minorities and developing minority youth professional development programs at government agencies, in parliaments, and in international bodies. congressman honda highlighted the importance of including minorities in the development, management, and implementation of government initiatives targeting minorities. one should see minorities in professional positions upon immediately entering national human rights agencies, especially when the agency has a stated goal of combating racism and discrimination, he argued. this and other suggestions from the u.s. delegation were included in the final recommendations of the forum. as chairperson, congresswoman lee opened the official forum. in her remarks, she noted that empowering minorities politically is critical to achieving a truly democratic, free and global community. while she cited the election of president barack obama as an example of gains made toward fair election processes, she stated that minorities are still underrepresented in the u.s. congress. for instance, there is currently only one african-american serving in the u.s. senate. additionally, she stated that a continued focus of the congressional black caucus and other minority caucuses was to address disparities between minority and majority populations in all aspects of society including the political arena. following her remarks, government delegates and members of civil society ranging from iranian dissidents to south asian dalit activists gave remarks. while many of the governments offered descriptions of their various initiatives to foster minority political participation, some governments provided assessments and prescriptions for improvement, including the u.s. government. of particular relevance to minority political participation in the european context were the comments of osce high commissioner on national minorities knut vollebaek.the office of the high commissioner on national minorities is a unique institution of the osce in that it is situated in a politico-security dimension of the organization and facilitates confidential direct assessments on the status of minorities in the participating states of the osce. high commissioner vollebaek highlighted how the underrepresentation of minorities in public services exacerbates the challenge of involving minorities in civic life. more specifically, he noted that exclusion and its causes threaten the stability of societies if left unaddressed. other presentations throughout the forum corroborated the importance of this message. speaking on the panel concrete steps to advance minority political participation and to build capacity of minorities to participate effectively, co-chairman hastings highlighted his work with minority european parliamentarians in convening the black european summit.he noted findings from the summit, including that the majority of our political and legal systems do not accurately reflect the racial and ethnic diversity of our societies. he called for this problem to be addressed via simple solutions governments, political parties, and non-governmental organizations can employ such as advertising employment opportunities in minority communities, requiring that at least a percentage of persons interviewed for a position are minorities, and providing fellowships and internships for minority youth in parliament, government agencies, and other organizations. on the margins of the un minority issues forum, co-chairman hastings convened a roundtable of participants of the april black european summit and other interested parties. the roundtable provided an opportunity to follow up on the brussels declaration adopted at the close of the black european summit see appendix , and discuss future initiatives for continuing the transatlantic dialogue. the discussion also informed individuals unable to participate in the black european summit about the scope of activities and potential for future collaboration. participants identified destinations for study tours to view the situation of minorities and existing initiatives to increase minority political participation in the osce region. the united kingdom, netherlands, france, and germany were specifically named given that the populations of visible minorities in these countries remains high and that they each offer unique narratives for analyzing methods to overcome barriers to minority political participation. participants reaffirmed the need for annual meetings to sustain linkages between minority political actors and agreed to identify additional minority leaders to expand the transatlantic dialogue and plan future initiatives. the recommendations of the second session of the forum on minority issues on minorities and effective political participation were compiled at the close of the forum and should serve as a useful guide for governments to foster minority political inclusion.moreover, in the osce region, sustaining a transatlantic dialogue with minority political actors focused on minority political inclusion is not only key to implementation of the recommendations, but also realizing the commitments to democratic societies enshrined in both the un declaration on the rights of persons belonging to national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities and the helsinki final act. we, as members of the public, private, and voluntary sectors from europe and the united states of america convening in brussels, belgium from the to of april for the black european summit: transatlantic dialogue on political inclusion, draw attention to the need for coordinated strategies to address racism and discrimination; we recognize the democratic, multi-ethnic and multi-racial nature of our countries diverse societies; we reaffirm the principles of equal rights and self-determination of peoples and recalling that all individuals are born equal in dignity and rights; we remain concerned that the political and legal systems in some of our societies do not reflect the racial and ethnic diversity within our societies, which then contributes to the continuation of racism and discrimination; we recognize that the full access of racial and ethnic minorities to participate in the political sphere and relevant areas of decision making at the levels of national, regional, and locally elected government appropriate to each nation is critical to combating racism and inequality and ensuring our democratic societies; we therefore note the need for concrete strategies to: increase the representation and influence of racial and ethnic minority policymakers; jointly seek solutions to racial and ethnic minorities increased participation in decision-making in the development and implementation of policy initiatives to address discrimination and inequality; and support opportunities to exchange and share perspectives in these areas through the continuance of a transatlantic dialogue to realize these goals. we today resolve that we will endeavor to enact initiatives to eradicate racial and ethnic discrimination through: continuing a transatlantic dialogue that: includes cultural exchanges between american and european racial and ethnic minority groups, including youth; focuses on the development of opportunities for racial and ethnic minority political leadership and participation in the policymaking process; and fosters the exchange of information on best practices to implement and enforce antidiscrimination measures and achieve racial equality; joining forces over the coming months to develop common goals and objectives in each of our decision-making bodies to recognize europe s black and racial and ethnic minority populations for their historical and present-day contributions and acknowledge past injustices; promoting racial and ethnic minority participation at all levels of national, regional, and local government through the education of civil and political rights, including the legislative process and advocacy of legislative issues relevant to racial and ethnic minority communities, development of targeted professional development and hiring strategies, and increased youth and community outreach; reaffirming our continued cooperation and commitment to work with our governments, international institutions, civil society, private sector, and other partners to improve institutions so that they are fully participatory and reflect the democratic principles of equality, justice, and celebration of the strengths of our countries diversity. in , congressman hastings chaired two u.s. helsinki commission hearings entitled: the state of in visible black europe: race, rights, and politics and racism in the 21st century: understanding global challenges and implementing solutions. at the hearings, the lack of minority representation in european policymaking, especially at national levels, was identified as a major obstacle to combating racism and discrimination by european witnesses. this prompted a call for a transatlantic dialogue on minority political participation that included best practices from the united states civil rights movement. the resulting events have been the black european summit and transatlantic dialogue on minority political leadership. 1in , congressman hastings chaired two u.s. helsinki commission hearings entitled: the state of in visible black europe: race, rights, and politics and racism in the 21st century: understanding global challenges and implementing solutions. at the hearings, the lack of minority representation in european policymaking, especially at national levels, was identified as a major obstacle to combating racism and discrimination by european witnesses. this prompted a call for a transatlantic dialogue on minority political participation that included best practices from the united states civil rights movement. the resulting events have been the black european summit and transatlantic dialogue on minority political leadership. 2a summary of the discussions, recommendations, statements, and other information on the forum can be found at: 3statement by mr. knut vollebaek, osce high commissioner on national minorities 4statement by co-chairman alcee l. hastings: 5recommendations from the forum can be found at:
__label__non_math	0.9950	please join the u.s. helsinki commission osce 101: briefing for civil society for those in need of a refresher course and those interested in becoming involved. learn about the organization for security and cooperation in europe and the role of civil society thursday, , a.m. - p.m. b318 rayburn house office building don t forget what: human dimension implementation meeting hdim when: september where: warsaw, poland why: annual -week human rights conference free registration, agenda, and information on past meetings: note: registration may not yet be open, please keep checking website what is the hdim? see also fact sheet: the term "human dimension" describes the set of norms and activities related to human rights, the rule of law, and democracy that are regarded within the osce as one of the three pillars of its comprehensive security concept, along with the politico-military and the economic and environmental dimensions. every year in warsaw, the osce's office for democratic institutions and human rights odihr organizes a two-week conference, the human dimension implementation meeting hdim . the hdim is a forum where osce participating states discuss the implementation of human dimension commitments that were adopted by consensus at prior osce summits or ministerial meetings. these commitments are not legally binding norms; instead, they are politically binding - a political promise to comply with the standards elaborated in osce documents. follow-up meetings to review the implementation of the commitments are based on the principle that the commitments undertaken in the field of the human dimension are matters of direct and legitimate concern to all participating states and do not belong exclusively to the internal affairs of the state concerned. osce human dimension commitments a comprehensive, -volume compilation of the osce human dimension commitments available in english and in russian can be ordered free of charge through the odihr website: volume : thematic compilation and volume : chronological compilation
__label__non_math	1.0000	hon. benjamin l. cardin, chairman hon. alcee l. hastings, co-chairman for immediate release cardin, hastings statement on death of polish president kaczynski washington--u.s. senator benjamin l. cardin d-md , chairman of the commission on security and cooperation in europe u.s. helsinki commission and co-chairman congressman alcee l. hastings d-fl released the following joint statement upon news of the death of polish president lech kaczynski. we were shocked and deeply saddened to learn of the plane crash that killed polish president lech kaczynski, his wife maria, and other military, political, and civil society leaders as well as family members of those murdered in the katyn massacre of . words alone do not adequately convey the depth of our sympathy before this catastrophic loss of life. we stand with the people of poland, who have long stood by us, in this most painful moment. our prayers and thoughts go out to the families and friends of all who lost their lives in this tragedy. "president kaczynski was a friend of the united states and a tireless advocate for freedom and human rights, including remembering the history of polish jews. "this morning's tragedy is all the more devastating considering the delegation traveling with the president included so many people who have played inspiring roles in poland's democratic reforms. the memory of president kaczynski's life and his commitment to peaceful regional and international relations should serve as an inspiration to us all." media contact: neil simon
__label__non_math	0.9996	senator sam brownback, chairman rep. christopher h. smith, co-chairman helsinki commission leaders visit ukraine impressed by government's efforts on road to recovery by orest deychakiwsky united states helsinki commission co-chairman rep. christopher h. smith r-nj and ranking commission member rep. benjamin l. cardin d-md met with ukrainian officials, non-governmental organizations, and religious leaders in kyiv, ukraine on february -, . the delegation also laid wreaths at the memorial to the victims of the terror-famine and at the babyn babi yar memorial. the commissioners had substantive and far-reaching meetings with ukraine s state secretary oleksandr zinchenko, foreign minister boris tarasyuk, justice minister roman zvarych, minister of transportation and communications yevhen chervonenko, and chairman of the parliament s committee on organized crime and corruption volodymyr stretovych. the meetings covered many topics, including the lifting of the jackson-vanik amendment and granting normal trade relations ntr status as well as facilitating ukraine s entry into the world trade organization wto . commissioners smith and cardin were impressed with the political will and determination of ukraine s government officials as well as the non-governmental organizations to work for positive change in ukraine. as an original cosponsor, co-chairman smith noted the recent introduction of a bill by house international relations committee chairman rep. henry j. hyde r-il , which would grant ukraine ntr. commissioner cardin affirmed his support for ntr and ukraine s joining wto, noting that it was critical for ukraine to conclude intellectual property rights talks with the united states. discussions also centered on human trafficking, corruption, the rule of law and human rights issues such as torture, the gongadze case, sustaining media freedoms, and on how the united states can best assist ukraine during this time of historic transition. state secretary zinchenko expressed pleasure at the current state of u.s.-ukrainian bilateral relations, observing that both sides now have trust in each other. he outlined president viktor yushchenko s priorities, including combating corruption, extending a hand to business, protecting private property, promoting respect for the rule of law especially in government entities such as the interior ministry, tax police and the security services as well as promoting the further development of civil society. secretary zinchenko also emphasized the importance of u.s. investment in ukraine. the commissioners and ukrainian officials also discussed in detail hiv aids in ukraine, which zinchenko described as very acute and far-reaching, and the proposed new chornobyl shelter that will cover the crumbling old sarcophagus. minister of justice roman zvarych outlined the justice ministry s priorities to encourage and ensure the rule of law. securing human rights and liberties would include such measures as getting the police to pay attention to procedural norms and urging parliament to adopt necessary civil and administrative procedural code changes. with respect to combating corruption, zvarych hopes to soon unveil a comprehensive clean hands program, including a code of ethics. cleaning up the court system is another priority, and the justice ministry has plans to take a variety of steps against judges engaged in corrupt practices. the delegation and zvarych discussed the issues of human trafficking, torture of detainees, the gongadze case, restitution of religious property and national minority issues. chairman volodymyr stretovych and representatives of the international organization for migration iom gave a comprehensive briefing on the problem of human trafficking in ukraine, what steps are being taken by the government and ngos to combat this scourge and plans on further addressing this important issue. a key concern was improving law enforcement cooperation between ukraine as a country of origin for victims of trafficking and countries of destination. u.s. embassy deputy chief of mission sheila gwaltney hosted a meeting with u.s. embassy, u.s. agency for international development, and fbi officials during which u.s. efforts to assist the new ukrainian government in promoting the rule of law and combating human trafficking were discussed. the delegation also visited an iom-sponsored medical rehabilitation center for trafficking victims. human trafficking, as well as religious rights issues, were also discussed in a meeting with papal nuncio archbishop ivan jurkovich. ambassador john herbst organized and hosted a discussion with ngo representatives from freedom house, institute for mass information, the chernihiv-based organization dobrochyn and the ukrainian helsinki human rights union. mykhaylo horyn, former soviet political prisoner and head of the pro-independence movement rukh in the early 1990s, also participated in the meeting. the delegation met with jewish representatives, including the new minister of transportation and communications yevhen chervonenko who is also vice-president of the eurasian jewish congress. they discussed matters pertaining to ukraine s jewish community, assessing them positively. foreign minister tarasyuk expressed gratitude to the helsinki commission for its active work in support of democracy in ukraine and stated that the clear position of congress and the u.s. government, including support for a strong contingent of international election observers during the recent elections, effectively helped ukrainian democracy. in raising jackson-vanik graduation, market economy status, and the wto, minister tarasyuk cited strong readiness and willingness on the part of the ukrainian government to remove obstacles on their part, including a promise to submit in the rada shortly a draft law on intellectual property rights. minister tarasyuk and the commissioners also discussed the vital importance of ongoing osce election observation, ukrainian-russian relations, and ukraine s strengthened role in resolving the long-festering moldova-trandniestria conflict. the united states helsinki commission, an independent federal agency, by law monitors and encourages progress in implementing provisions of the helsinki accords. the commission, created in , is composed of nine senators, nine representatives and one official each from the departments of state, defense and commerce. rule of law independence of judiciary trafficking in human beings
__label__non_math	0.9506	"every important new technology and market segment has a defining chronicle of its beginning. in the minicomputer market it was tracy kidder's the soul of the new machine. in the agemitigating pharmaceutical market, we believe it will be the new book ageless quest from elixir's lenny guarente. although layman readers may find the science descriptions a little more comprehensive than they're used to, dedicated readers will be rewarded with a good understanding of what looks to be one of the important regulatory mechanisms in human aging, and a significant advance in the quest that man has undertaken for literally thousands of years. ageless quest is a must read for anyone interested in the future of an important new biotech market, or who is interested in the real science and progress in the field of age-mitigation." juvenews - biology of aging news "part autobiography, part social commentary, part science, ageless quest does an excellent job of explaining and extolling the use of model organisms for research into ageing.... ageless quest conveys some quite difficult ideas and complex experimental results with a clarity and freshness that deserve to make it widely read." "the book tells a good story about the search for a gene and an even better story about the human side of scientific discovery. to these ends, ageless quest succeeds admirably." "ageless quest is a personal account of a rich and active academic life, in which descriptions of the scientific work that led to the discovery of sir2, a potentially important biochemical factor that influences life's clock, are mixed with autobiographical sketches. the book is reminiscent in more than one way of jim watson's classic, the double helix, in that it paints an accurate picture of how scientific research was, and is, done: the excitement, the frustrations, the fear of competitors and the race for 'highimpact' publications. ageless quest is, therefore, not just a book about ageing, nor just about genes and proteins; it is also about people, and the nittygritty of doing science at the end of the twentieth century. one of the most endearing features of this little book, which can be read over the course of a weekend or during a lengthy run of a native gel, to put it in scientists' timeunits as well , is that its author pays tribute to the many people he has worked with over the years; or, to be more precise, to the dedicated and eager young scientists who have worked for hima noteworthy difference." basically a personal account of research into aging, including descriptions of his students and postdocs and their work at the laboratory bench, the book is a pleasure to read. the author writes with the clarity of a firstclass journalist, an infectious enthusiasm and an eye for the revealing anecdote. although the relevance of sir2 and survival mechanisms discovered in shortlived laboratory organisms to aging in mammals is still questionable, i am convinced that by opening this avenue of research, guarente and kindred spirits have done much to draw outstanding scientists into aging research, thereby shaking this file dout of its stuffy reputation. that alone makes ageless quest and the story of its simple pursuit a timely contribution to the growing literature on why and how we age. for the scientifically curious, this book is much more enjoyable than paperback thrillers that pretend to present medical science. guarente tells real stories with engaging wit, not fictions with pompous affectations. the quarterly review of biology
__label__non_math	1.0000	last week, jeremy peters, a reporter for the new york times, visited our offices on his way through some of the state's media outlets to learn how our print media has been affected by medical marijuana. he spoke with several people, including our publisher john weiss. the result? colorado springs when it hit the streets here last week, the latest issue of releaf, a pullout supplement to the colorado springs independent devoted to medical marijuana, landed with a satisfying thud. forty-eight pages in all, it was stuffed with advertisements for businesses with names like mile high mike s, happy buddah and the healthy connections which enticed potential customers with promises of naughty nurses to tend to patients needs . a full-page ad in releaf costs about ,100, making the publication a cash cow for the independent, which has used its bounty from medical marijuana ads this year to hire one new reporter and promote three staff members to full time. the paper has also added a column called "cannabiz" that follows news from across the country; its author is the new marijuana beat writer. click below to see the much-mentioned issue of releaf.
__label__non_math	1.0000	in its characterization of staff reductions announced thursday, the gazette reports that editor jeff thomas has resigned as of dec. . however, his name already has vanished from its usual place on page of the print edition, where he had been listed as editor and vice president among senior managers. carmen boles, who had been overseeing the gazette.com online operation, has taken over as director of content, which includes the newsroom and print content as well. the total number of gazette staff cuts, including both the news and business advertising areas, remains uncertain with rumors ranging from to . last post, p.m. thursday jeff thomas, editor and vice president at the gazette since , was among as many as a dozen staff members who lost their jobs today. his name has been removed from the newspaper's website. after numerous people were escorted out of the gazette building, a staff meeting took place and changes were announced. carmen boles, who has headed the paper's online operation, was named content coordinator including the newsroom. the departures also apparently include jerry buck, who was vice president of operations. many of the other newsroom layoffs were in management and or had worked or more years at the gazette. original post, p.m. at least a handful of newsroom employees have lost their jobs today in the latest round of staff cutbacks at colorado springs' daily newspaper. two sources who have talked to staff members inside the gazette newsroom are saying that editor jeff thomas is among those who have been let go and have left the building at s. prospect st. as of this posting, he remains listed as editor and vice president on the gazette's website. the departures apparently include several others in management. we hear a staff meeting has been scheduled for p.m. to announce the cuts. thomas, who initially came to the gazette in , has been editor since . prior to that, he served as managing editor, starting in .
__label__non_math	0.9999	in peru, voters must pit stability against freedoms under the hot midday sun in the high andean town of ayacucho, weather-beaten peasants sport t-shirts with the slogan say yes to the peru you love'' written in green on a white background.skip to next paragraph subscribe today to the monitor in the polling booths, for those who cannot read, green will signify yes,'' sky blue no.'' for the third time in less than a year, peruvians must turn out across the nation sunday to cast their votes, but this time in a referendum, the first in the country's history. over million people are being asked to give their verdict on the proposed new constitution, drawn up by the congress they elected last november. naturally i'm voting yes,'' says gaudencio chipana, a farmer with a couple of acres just outside ayacucho. look what president alberto fujimori has done for us. inflation has almost disappeared and so has terrorism. he deserves our vote.'' statements like this have peru's constitutional lawyers pulling their hair out. no more than one peruvian in has read the new constitution, according to pollsters, and there has been virtually no government-sponsored education campaign to ensure that the population understands what their vote on sunday entails. most voters associate the yes' vote with a more attractive panorama for foreign investment, and therefore more jobs and development in general,'' says giovanna penaflor, director of imasen, a polling organization based in lima, the capital. people may not know much about the complexities of the constitution, but that doesn't prevent them having an opinion.'' pollsters agree that mr. fujimori will get his majority on sunday, though the percent to percent margin they are predicting will not be as wide as the government had hoped. the more resounding the victory, the more the outside world will perceive peru as stable, and therefore as a good place to invest,'' says jaime yoshiyama, president of congress and fujimori's no. . the constitution, if approved, will not be very different from the version that fujimori suspended in april , at the same time he dissolved congress. constitutional lawyer domingo garcia belaunde calculates that percent of it has remained the same, percent has been fine-tuned,'' and only percent is new. for the international community, the most controversial novelties are the articles introducing the death penalty for top guerrilla leaders convicted of treason'' and enabling a serving president to stand for an immediate second term. latin american constitutions barr such measures, the latter because the president wields too much influence at election time. but in peru, both carry broad popular support. other major constitutional changes affect peru's system of governance. the new congress, for example, will have only one chamber and 120 representatives, instead of the traditional two-chamber house with a total of 240 senators and deputies. the large, semi-autonomous regions created in the final months of the alan garcia perez regime are to be eliminated. under the new charter, the president will have the ability in the future to dissolve congress in the event of grave conflict'' and will be free to appoint the ambassadors and senior military officers he chooses. it all adds up to a more centrist and authoritarian constitution. everyone's a democrat when he's facing an opinion survey,'' says alfredo torres of the apoyo polling organization. but it's obvious from their response to last year's coup that peruvians want a strong hand in government.'' apoyo's surveys show that since terrorist activity has declined, popular concerns increasingly center on the economy and employment opportunities. unlike the thorough, if not lavish, government advertising campaign, the movement for the no'' vote has suffered from an almost complete lack of funding t-shirts for no'' do not exist . and there is no dominant figure to pull the no'' groups together. nevertheless, the campaign has touched a chord among a few peruvians. in ayacucho, as in most provincial towns and the shantytowns that surround peru's large cities, the most committed campaigners for the no'' vote are teachers, health-care workers, and representatives of struggling grass-roots civic and neighborhood organizations. this constitution represents yet another cut-back in our fundamental rights,'' says alberto ochoa, leader of ayacucho's civic committee for the no'' vote. the state is abdicating its most basic function, which is to promote development.'' mr. ochoa is skeptical that foreign investors will bring their money to ayacucho. the prospect of more state employees losing their jobs and the privatization of education'' will lead many to vote no'' on sunday, he says. according to lima's pollsters - who concede they can only take proper samples from around percent of peru's vast, rugged territory - the no'' vote was gathering strength in the last few days before polling. if this makeshift no' campaign gets percent or more of the valid votes, it will be seen as a triumph even though the constitution will be approved,'' mr. torres says. it could mean a strengthening of the new opposition to mr. fujimori - and in the end, that's good for democracy in peru.''
__label__non_math	0.9999	census data: a treasure trove for con artists? data from the census, released monday, has excited americans looking for more information about their heritage. but the information could also help identity thieves. the release of the census data is a treasure trove of information for historians and americans who want to know more about their genealogy.skip to next paragraph subscribe today to the monitor but is it also going to be a toy store for con artists and identity theft thieves? some computer-security experts are concerned that release of the information may give those with less than pure motives an opportunity to defraud. senior citizens there are some million americans still alive from the census are often the victims of scams. the worry is that they may be conned by people who learn personal information. but the information release may also be pertinent to even younger americans, since many banks use security questions such as mother s maiden name and the street you grew up on. this is real data, says it security consultant jeff farr, president of farr systems in dallas. it gives identify thieves the chance to legitimize, to put together a picture, a timeline which can be used to manipulate victims into giving data. the next thing you know they are going shopping on your credit card or filing a tax return with your information, he says. the us government official who is most concerned about identify theft, maneesha mithal, associate director of the ftc s division of privacy and identity protection, was not consulted about releasing the data. anytime there is more information about us, whether it s on social-networking sites or public information, there is an increased risk of identity theft, says ms. mithal. certainly there are benefits and risks to releasing the data. in , the federal trade commission reported that identify theft was the top consumer complaint. of the .million complaints to the agency, 279,156 or percent concerned identity theft. one of the latest scams involves individuals who are filing tax returns of other individuals and collecting their tax refunds with the help of dishonest postal workers. the actual numbers might be higher. in , the bureau of justice statistics found that .million americans, or percent of everyone over the age of , had their identity stolen in a two-year period. the national archives and records administration releases information from the census, which is taken every years, only after years. the prior release in involved the census. although identify theft was an issue then, it was not as prevalent. editor's note: the original version of this paragraph contained incorrect information about the process of releasing data. the national archives had no comment. mr. farr, who says he is not trying to be alarmist, says the census data present con artists with another source of information to paint a picture of a potential victim. then con artists may go to facebook or other social media and find yet more information. that s when they start to manipulate you into giving them yet more data, he warns. he points out that older americans are less technologically savvy and more likely to get hit with a deceptive e-mail or phone call. to counter someone trying to get personal information, farr says individuals can take a few simple steps. for example, if someone calls up and says they are from a bank, he recommends getting their phone number and calling them back. then, you call the bank and ask for that person, he says. that solves percent of all the problems, he says. the ftc s mithal advises consumers to secure their data as carefully as possible. treat your information as if it were cash, she says. shred all your bills, check your financial statements, make sure your social security number is not in your billfold, and get a free copy of your credit report once a year. get daily or weekly updates from csmonitor.com delivered to your inbox. sign up today. making a difference
__label__non_math	1.0000	discover a world of csp data at your fingertips simply fill in your details and i will send you the brand new brochure with the features and benefits of this exclusive online platform, the csp today global tracker: - how the project tracker will provide critical cost and performance data for csp plants in planning, development and operation to improve your project s chance of success - how the markets and policy tracker will enable you to get a headstart against your competitors with comprehensive regulatory data and information on every market in the geographies that matter - critical analysis into industry trends and forecasts to help you seize new csp opportunities, faster furthermore, we will not rent, sell, or share your personal information with 3rd parties or non-affiliated companies. phone 207 375
__label__non_math	1.0000	after years of teaching, college of agriculture professor westley doc patton feels he has earned enough units to graduate and has announced his retirement. a retirement party will be held on sept. , p.m. at the university farm pavilion. brought up on a sheep ranch in northern california, he came to california state university, chico in as a transfer student from coalinga after graduating from chico, i went to oregon state, where i finished graduate school and met my wife, jane. we returned to chico in the fall of , and i have been attending class ever since. i am looking forward to graduation, patton said. his teaching never stops. even while walking through a field he is educating us, brian miller, a senior animal science minor, college of agriculture professor and patton s former student dave daley said, the lifelong learning attitude, the caring nature, and his willingness to work with everyone is unparalleled. patton is a tinkerer. he can create just about anything from scratch with a little scrap metal and a bit of welding. i don t think there is much patton can t do, professor patrick patton credits his students and colleagues with keeping him energized. the energy i receive from the students, the close working relationships i have with faculty and staff, and the tremendous connection we have to work my whole academic career, patton said. patton will continue to support the college of agriculture when the program needs him. he is teaching a research class this semester and will carry out a sheep research project for two more years at the patton and his wife plan to carry out their passion for farming on their recently purchased ranch in orland. he is going to do some hunting and fishing,hobbies that have been on hold. he is also looking forward to spending time with his family, especially the new addition, grandson nathan westley. son, kevin, who graduated from the college of ag and now teaches at the university of northern colorado. another son, matt teaches at elk grove high school. the college of agriculture will forever be changed because of wes patton s dedication to the program, and he will remain an inspiration to many, said dean charlie crabb. k.t. martin, public relations intern, college of agriculture
__label__non_math	1.0000	are you majoring or minoring in the college of liberal arts? our office is here to support you. the atlas advising teaching liberal arts students network is a collaboration of advisors, professional staff, and faculty committed to the satisfaction and success of liberal arts majors at cal state long beach. as the advising hub for the college of liberal arts, atlas partners with students and their major departments to best assist and support our undergraduates on the road to graduation. student retention, development, and timely graduation are central to our efforts at atlas as we provide advising workshops, oversee learning communities, monitor class enrollments, and support liberal arts faculty and staff. our trained advisors are not only qualified to assist students with their overall degree and general education requirements, they are also experts at guiding students in the exploration of academic options, reviewing academic requirements, and troubleshooting student issues and concerns. do you have questions about your degree? contact the atlas network today. freshman mandatory advising all freshmen are required to receive academic advising during their first year at csulb. your advising hold will be lifted once you have completed a mandatory advising session. while our advising workshops for spring have concluded, if you are a freshman with a major in the college of liberal arts who still needs academic advising, contact us at 562 985- or email to set up an appointment. we will help you plan your fall class schedule and answer any questions you may have about the advising process. college of liberal arts major advising in the college of liberal arts, advising occurs in the department discipline you have chosen as your academic major. advising is a shared responsibility between you and your major advisor. we suggest you meet regularly with your faculty advisor to ensure you stay on track with your major and degree completion requirements. follow these simple guidelines so you and your advisor can spend your time more effectively strategizing your career path and assessing your progress: - bring an updated copy of your academic requirements report be sure to click on expand all before your print so you have the most complete information. save ink and print it in black and white . - have a list of questions ready. - be an active participant in your meeting it s your life and your plan - if you are meeting to discuss course selection, review the available classes beforehand on my.csulb. - be on time - keep your records all together in one file that you can bring to each meeting with your advisor.
__label__non_math	0.9978	this information applies to pages in the csun template system.windows-press alt an access key. macintosh-press ctrl an access key. excel programs are individualized counseling and group workshops designed to help you experience more confidence and enjoyment in your learning opportunities at csun. remember when you were a kid filled with curiosity and a love of learning? remember when nothing would get in you way of leaning how to ride a bicycle, master a video game or put together a difficult puzzle. we would like to help you rediscover that enthusiasm, curiosity and confidence in learning through our excel programs. learning does not have to be experienced as a tedious and boring activity. learn how to enjoy and have more confidence in your learning journey at csun. find out more information about excel our counselors have found that a significant percentage of college students have a difficult time enjoying their learning opportunities while in college. many students have experienced "mini" academic traumas before they enter college that reduces their confidence to learn new and difficult material. enjoyment and confidence in learning are two important variables in achieving academic success.
__label__non_math	0.9683	in , switzerland dominated the world of watchmaking, with over of the unit sales in the world and more than of the profits. they were constant innovators and on the cutting edge of research in all aspects of their watches. by their world market share had collapsed to less than and ,000 of the ,000 watchmakers had lost their jobs. what happened? something profound. they had run into a paradigm shift - a change in the fundamental rules of watchmaking. everything the swiss were good at - the making of gears and bearings and mainsprings, etc. - was irrelevant to the new way. the irony was that this disaster was totally avoidable. the swiss themselves invented the electronic quartz movement at their research institute in neuch tel, switzerland. yet, when the swiss researchers presented this revolutionary new idea to the swiss manufacturers in , it was rejected. it couldn't possibly be the watch of the future . any organization must have all of the following to be successful in the future: excellence, innovation, and anticipation p. . organizations also must manage to stay in an advantageous stance relative to paradigm shifts. . paradigms, even as they are successfully solving many problems, always uncover problems that they cannot solve. these problems trigger the search for a new paradigm. . paradigm shifters are almost always outsiders - in that they don't understand the subtleties of the prevailing paradigms and or have little investment in them . you don't have to be a paradigm shifter to get all the advantages. just being a paradigm pioneer is sufficient note example of usa and japan . . it is in the future where our greatest leverage is. why is that intelligent people with good motives do such a poor job at anticipating the future? as more than one sage has already observed, the future is where you are going to spend the rest of your life. and since that is true, wouldn't it be useful to be able to get to know more about the neighborhood before you move in? you can and should shape your own future. because, if you don't, someone else surely will. -
__label__non_math	1.0000	it's gonna be so much fun, we are going to start at so please make sure you are gonna be there at so we can plan for the game. we are planning to continue this program on a regular basis, so be there first to form your team first or it will be challenging for you throughout the year 990 north diamond bar blvd. diamond bar, ca, tel: 909 860- for more information about the oak tree lanes please visit
__label__non_math	1.0000	kellogg environmental center osborne homestead museum 500 hawthorne avenue contact us and directions at the kellogg environmental center osborne homestead museum, visitors enjoy . . . the kellogg estate is adjacent to osbornedale state park in the housatonic river valley. the kellogg environmental center and the osborne homestead museum, outreach facilities of the department of energy and environmental protection, provide professional development, leadership training and environmental programs that focus on our natural, cultural, and historical resources. we encourage active participation in the resolution of issues to improve environmental quality for connecticut citizens. content last updated november
__label__non_math	1.0000	a collection of news and information related to john mccargo published by this site and its partners. displaying items -of view courant.com items only we should not get too excited or upset about anything we see on a football field before the start of the regular season, with the possible exception of the democratic national convention at the panthers' stadium. but it is a tad concerning that the... tribune reporterthe chicago bears have placed receiver johnny knox on the physically-unable-to-perform list in advance of the regular season, meaning knox will be sidelined for the first six weeks of the season. knox, who continues to recover from spinal fusion surgery,... bourbonnais as brian price met the chicago media for the first time saturday night, he exhaled and then flashed a friendly smile. "it don't get no better than this,'' the new bears defensive tackle said. "it's a defensive town. great leaders. ... stephen paea is injured. of course he is. it s what he does, occasionally finding a spasm of health and talent to rush the passer. paea had a bad knee last season, then underwent arthroscopic surgery and looked like a player during the early... the bears weren't able to add help at defensive tackle during the draft, so they found some on the street. an nfl source told the tribune the team agreed to terms thursday night with john mccargo, a former first-round draft pick of the bills, and demario... tv sports men's college basketball-lehigh at st. john's, p.m. espn2 ; duquesne at arizona, p.m. espn2 nhl hockey-philadelphia flyers at tampa bay lightning, p.m. versus college football-miami ohio at temple, p.m. espn today... a glance at friday's four state semifinal football games featuring area teams. class 4a no. catonsville - at no. old mill - when: friday, p.m. coaches: rich hambor, catonsville; chad mccormick, old mill winner faces: quince orchard... original site for john mccargo topic gallery.
__label__non_math	0.9999	pink houndstooth multi satin stripe woven tie nicholas charles tyrwhitt wheeler founder owner "this houndstooth tie design is a smart way to add a bit of interest to your formal attire. " - silk - .5cm blade width - standard length of 148cm - dry clean only standard shipping . - from receipt of order we aim to deliver within working days. our months no quibble returns policy - we want you to love our products as much as we do but if you don't then you can send them back to us within six months of purchase. of customers liked this product reviews
__label__non_math	0.9797	ctcomms sends on average million emails monthly on behalf of over 125 different charities and not for profits. take the complexity of technology and stir in the complexity of the legal system and what do you get? software licenses by: chris peters a software license is an agreement between you and the owner of a program which lets you perform certain activities which would otherwise constitute an infringement under the price of the software and the licensing fees, if any, are sometimes discussed in the licensing agreement, but usually it's described elsewhere. if you read the definitions below and you're still scratching your head, check out categories of free and non-free software which includes a helpful diagram. free vs proprietary: when you hear the phrase "free software" or "free software license," "free" is referring to your rights and permissions "free as in freedom" or "free as in free speech" . in other words, a free software license gives you more rights than a proprietary license. you can usually copy, modify, and redistribute free software without paying a fee or obtaining permission from the developers and distributors. in most cases "free software" won't cost you anything, but that's not always the case in this instance the word free is making no assertion whatsoever about the price of the software. proprietary software puts more restrictions and limits on your legal permission to copy, modify, and distribute the program. free, open-source or foss? in everyday conversation, there's not much difference between "free software," "open source software," and "foss free and open-source software ." in other words, you'll hear these terms used interchangeably, and the proponents of free software and the supporters of open-source software agree with one another on most issues. however, the official definition of free software differs somewhat from the official definition of open-source software, and the philosophies underlying those definitions differ as well. for a short description of the difference, read live and let license. for a longer discussion from the "free software" side, read why open source misses the point of free software. for the "open-source" perspective, read why free software is too ambiguous. public domain and copyleft. these terms refer to different categories of free, unrestricted licensing. a copyleft license allows you all the freedoms of a free software license, but adds one restriction. under a copyleft license, you have to release any modifications under the same terms as the original software. in effect, this blocks companies and developers who want to alter free software and then make their altered version proprietary. in practice, almost all free and open-source software is also copylefted. however, technically you can release "free software" that isn't copylefted. for example, if you developed software and released it under a "public domain" license, it would qualify as free software, but it isn't copyleft. in effect, when you release something into the public domain, you give up all copyrights and rights of ownership. shareware and freeware. these terms don't really refer to licensing, and they're confusing in light of the discussion of free software above. freeware refers to software usually small utilities at sites such as tucows.com that you can download and install without paying. however, you don't have the right to view the source code, and you may not have the right to copy and redistribute the software. in other words, freeware is proprietary software. shareware is even more restrictive. in effect, shareware is trial software. you can use it for a limited amount of time usually or days and then you're expected to pay to continue using it. end user licensing agreement eula . when you acquire software yourself, directly from a vendor or retailer, or directly from the vendor's web site, you usually have to indicate by clicking a box that you accept the licensing terms. this "click-through" agreement that no one ever reads is commonly known as a eula. if you negotiate a large purchase of software with a company, and you sign a contract to seal the agreement, that contract usually replaces or supersedes the eula. most major vendors of proprietary software offer some type of bulk purchasing and volume licensing mechanism. the terms vary widely, but if you order enough software to qualify, the benefits in terms of cost and convenience are significant. also, not-for-profits sometimes qualify for it with very small initial purchases. some of the benefits of volume licensing include: lower cost. as with most products, software costs less when you buy more of it. ease of installation. without volume licenses, you usually have to enter a separate activation code also known as a product key or license key for each installed copy of the program. on the other hand, volume licenses provide you with a single, organisation-wide activation code, which makes it much easier to find when you need to reinstall the software. easier tracking of licenses. keeping track of how many licenses you own, and how many copies you've actually installed, is a tedious, difficult task. many volume licensing programs provide an online account which is automatically updated when you obtain or activate a copy of that company's software. these accounts can also coordinate licensing across multiple offices within your organisation. to learn more about volume licensing from a particular vendor, check out some of the resources below: qualified not-for-profits and libraries can receive donated volume licenses for microsoft products through techsoup. for more information, check out our introduction to the microsoft software donation program, and the microsoft software donation program faq. for general information about the volume licensing of microsoft software, see volume licensing overview. if you get microsoft software from techsoup or other software distributors who work with not-for-profits, you may need to go to the eopen web site to locate your volume license keys. for more information, check out the techsoup donation recipient's guide to the microsoft eopen web site. always check techsoup stock first to see if there's a volume licensing donation program for the software you're interested in. if techsoup doesn't offer that product or if you need more copies than you can find at techsoup, search for "volume licensing not-for-profits software" or just "not-for-profits software." for example, when we have an inventory of adobe products, qualifying and eligible not-for-profits can obtain four individual products or one copy of creative suite through techsoup. if we're out of stock, or you've used up your annual adobe donation, you can also check techsoup's special adobe donation program and also adobe solutions for nonprofits for other discounts available to not-for-profits. for more software-hunting tips, see a quick guide to discounted software programs. pay close attention to the options and licensing requirements when you acquire server-based software. you might need two different types of license one for the server software itself, and a set of licenses for all the "clients" accessing the software. depending on the vendor and the licensing scenario, "client" can refer either to the end users themselves for example, employees, contractors, clients, and anyone else who uses the software in question or their computing devices for example, laptops, desktop computers, smartphones, pdas, etc. . we'll focus on microsoft server products, but similar issues can arise with other server applications. over the years, microsoft has released hundreds of server-based applications, and the licensing terms are slightly different for each one. fortunately, there are common license types and licensing structures across different products. in other words, while a user cal client access license for windows server is distinct from a user cal for sharepoint server, the underlying terms and rights are very similar. the techsoup product pages for microsoft software do a good job of describing the differences between products, so we'll focus on the common threads in this article. moreover, microsoft often lets you license a single server application in more than one way, depending on the needs of your organisation. this allows you the flexibility to choose the licenses that best reflect your organisation's usage patterns and thereby cost you the least amount of money. for example, for windows server and other products you can acquire licenses on a per-user basis for example, user cals or per-device basis for example, device cals . the license required to install and run most server applications usually comes bundled with the software itself. so you can install and run most applications "out of the box," as long as you have the right number of client licenses see the section below for more on that . however, when you're running certain server products on a computer with multiple processors, you may need to get additional licenses. for example, if you run windows server datacenter edition on a server with two processors, you need a separate license for each processor. sql server works the same way. this type of license is referred to as a processor license. generally you don't need client licenses for any application that's licensed this way. client licenses for internal users many microsoft products, including windows server and windows server , require client access licenses for all authenticated internal users for example, employees, contractors, volunteers, etc. . on the other hand, sql server and other products don't require any client licenses. read the product description at ctxchange if you're looking for the details about licensing a particular application. user cals: user cals allow each user access to all the instances of a particular server product in an organisation, no matter which device they use to gain access. in other words, if you run five copies of windows server on five separate servers, you only need one user cal for each person in your organisation who access those servers or any software installed on those servers , whether they access a single server, all five servers, or some number in between. each user with a single cal assigned to them can access the server software from as many devices as they want for example, desktop computers, laptops, smartphones, etc. . user cals are a popular licensing option. device cals: device cals allow access to all instances of a particular server application from a single device for example, a desktop computer, a laptop, etc. in your organisation. device cals only make sense when multiple employees use the same computer. for example, in -hour call centres different employees on different shifts often use the same machine, so device cals make sense in this situation. choosing a licensing mode for your windows server cals: with windows server and windows server , you use a cal either a user cal or a device cal in one of two licensing modes: per seat or per server. you make this decision when you're installing your windows server products, not when you acquire the cals. the cals themselves don't have any mode designation, so you can use either a user cal or a device cal in either mode. per seat mode is the default mode, and the one used most frequently. the description of user cals and device cals above describes the typical per seat mode. in "per server" mode, windows treats each license as a "simultaneous connection." in other words, if you have cals, windows will let authenticated users have access. the 41st user will be denied access. however, in per server mode, each cal is tied to a particular instance of windows server, and you have to acquire a new set of licenses for each new server you build that runs windows. therefore, per server mode works for some small organisations with one or two servers and limited access requirements. you don't "install" client licenses the way you install software. there are ways to automate the tracking of software licenses indirectly, but the server software can't refuse access to a user or device on licensing grounds. the licenses don't leave any "digital footprint" that the server software can read. an exception to this occurs when you license windows server in per server mode. in this case, if you have licenses, the 51st authenticated user will be denied access though anonymous users can still access services . some key points to remember about client licensing: the licensing scenarios described in this section arise less frequently, and are too complex to cover completely in this article, so they're described briefly below along with more comprehensive resources. you don't need client licenses for anonymous, unauthenticated external users. in other words, if someone accesses your web site, and that site runs on internet information server iis , microsoft's web serving software, you don't need a client license for any of those anonymous users. if you have any authenticated external users who access services on your windows-based servers, you can obtain cals to cover their licensing requirements. however, the external connector license ecl is a second option in this scenario. the ecl covers all use by authenticated external users, but it's a lot more expensive than a cal, so only get one if you'll have a lot of external users. for example, even if you get your licenses through the ctxchange donation program, an ecl for windows server has an administrative fee, while a user cal for windows server carries a admin fee. if only a handful of external users access your windows servers, you're better off acquiring user cals. also, an ecl only applies to external users and devices. in other words, if you have an ecl, you still have to get a cal for all employees and contractors. even though terminal services ts is built into windows server and , you need to get a separate ts cal for each client i.e. each user or each device that will access terminal services in your organisation. this ts license is in addition to your windows server cals. microsoft's system centre products a line of enterprise-level administrative software packages use a special type of license known as a management license ml . applications that use this type of licensing include system center configuration manager and system center operations manager . any desktop or workstation managed by one of these applications needs a client management license. any server managed by one of these applications requires a server management license, and there are two types of server management licenses standard and enterprise. you need one or the other but not both. there are also special licensing requirements if you're managing virtual instances of windows operating systems. for more information, see techsoup's guide to system center products and licensing and microsoft's white paper on systems center licensing. some microsoft server products have two client licensing modes, standard and enterprise. as you might imagine, an enterprise cal grants access to more advanced features of a product. furthermore, with some products, such as microsoft exchange, the licenses are additive. in other words, a user needs both a standard cal and an enterprise cal in order to access the advanced features. see exchange server editions and client access licenses for more information. with virtualisation technologies, multiple operating systems can run simultaneously on a single physical server. every time you install a microsoft application, whether on a physical hardware system or a virtual hardware system, you create an "instance" of that application. the number of "instances" of particular application that you can run using a single license varies from product to product. for more information see the volume licensing briefs, microsoft licensing for virtualization and the windows server virtualization calculator. for techsoup stock products, see the product description for more information. there are a lot of nuances to microsoft licensing, and also a lot of excellent resources to help you understand different scenarios. about the author: chris is a former technology writer and technology analyst for techsoup for libraries, which aims to provide it management guidance to libraries. his previous experience includes working at washington state library as a technology consultant and technology trainer, and at the bill and melinda gates foundation as a technology trainer and tech support analyst. he received his m.l.s. from the university of michigan in . originally posted here. the latest version of microsoft office professional plus is an integrated collection of programs, servers, and services designed to work together to enable optimised information work.
__label__non_math	1.0000	wood chipper shredder safety tips - be familiar with all controls and their proper operation. know how to stop and disengage them quickly. - keep bystanders, pets, and children at least feet from the machine while it is in operation. stop the machine if anyone enters the area. - do not put hands and feet near rotating parts or in the feeding chambers and discharge openings. - never attempt to unclog either the feed intake or discharge opening, remove or empty the bag, or inspect and repair the machine while the engine is running. shut off the engine and wait until all moving parts have come to a complete stop. disconnect the spark plug wire and ground it against the engine. - wear sturdy, rough-soled work shoes and close-fitting slacks and shirts. loose fitting clothing or jewelry can be caught in moveable parts. never operate this machine in bare feet or sandals. wear leather work gloves when feeding material into the chipper chute. did you find this helpful?
__label__non_math	0.9867	posted years ago in news category by esen sagynov opening the november month with a great news form open invention network. today i am happy to announce that cubrid, an open source project dedicated to developing a free database management systems highly optimized for web applications, joins open inventions network as a licensee. oin is a collaborative enterprise that enables innovation in open source and an increasingly vibrant ecosystem around linux. it does this by acquiring and licensing patents, influencing behaviors and policy and protecting the integrity of the ecosystem through strategic programs such as linux defenders. oin enables the growth and continuation of open source software by fostering a healthy linux ecosystem of investors, vendors, developers and users. "cubrid's open source database management system, which is specifically optimized for web applications, is becoming increasingly popular. we are very pleased to have the organization join oin as a licensee," said keith bergelt, ceo of open invention network. "by doing so, cubrid affirms that it values the openness and collaborative culture of the linux community. we applaud their support for linux." we believe that by becoming an open invention network licensee, we encourage continued open source development and foster innovation in a technical community that benefits everyone. we recognize the importance of participating in a substantial community of linux supporters and leveraging the open invention network to further spur open source innovation. more on this news can be found at
__label__non_math	0.9999	i am an ultra-conservative, alpha-male, true authentic leader, type "c" personality, who is very active in my community; whether it is donating time, clothes or money for project concern or going to common council meetings and voicing my opinions. as a blogger, i intend to provide a different viewpoint "the way i see it recall campaigns aren't focusing on collective bargaining madison - the plan to eliminate most collective bargaining for public employees may be the issue that sparked this year's recall campaigns against six republican state senators, but neither side is talking much about that issue now as the elections approach. instead, democrats are telling voters republicans have gone the wrong way with the state budget by cutting schools by nearly million and providing tax breaks to businesses and investors. republicans are touting their ability to honestly balance the state budget and keep a lid on taxes.
__label__non_math	1.0000	product descriptionin need of a great kids storage solution? our kids ottoman storage in orange by p'kolino is the perfect answer to all of your kids storage needs. this brightly colored and oh so versatile kids ottoman can neatly hold your kids toys, books, or gear and also serve as extra seating in a bedroom or playroom. functional and fun, the soft strong lid of this ottoman is made for both sitting and resting tired feet. and in a pinch, the lid can be flipped to reveal the finished wood underside which is perfect for use as a side table or a toddler play table. available in fun colors, this kids ottoman is perfect for kids aged and above. it easily grows with your child and can be used in any room in your home. the wood is made of: baltic birch the fabric: premium vinyl naugahyde chamea ii dimensions: in. .cm d x .in. .cm h height: lbs .kg all p'kolino products are proudly made in the u.s. by seasoned artisans who have been perfecting their trade for generations. all p kolino products meet or exceed all us and canadian safety standards not only do we offer great products, we help you save money too customers also purchased
__label__non_math	1.0000	the columbus urban league s head start academy s are designed to leverage the skills, talents and resources of the cul, in service of our young students. we strive to be the premier 21st century early childhood education service provider that is preparing young students for academic success as they not in their transition to their next level of learning. our school readiness goals target the domains of language and literacy development, cognition and general knowledge, approaches to learning, physical well-being and motor development, and social and emotional development. the hsa s integrate the expertise of key community stakeholder throughout its design. some key stakeholders in partnership with the cul hsa s are cosi, the ohio state university, columbus city schools, southwestern city schools, canal winchester local schools and groveport madison local schools, kidsohio.org, nationwide children s hospital, to name a few. the cul is currently offering scholarships for its hsa s. if you feel that this is an opportunity for your family to get a head start on your child s education, don t wait join the columbus urban league head start academy mellanie hancock, executive administrative assistant
__label__non_math	0.9999	if you are attempting to create an account to submit an essay to cultural anthropology, you are in the wrong place. please go here instead: when creating an account, please use your first and last name as your requested login. for example if your name is jane doe, you should request the login, "jane doe". if you have punctuation in your name, jane o'doe, request "jane odoe". if that is taken, please add your middle initial "jane p odoe". before acceptance of your requested registration, you will have to send the following information to the website administrator at firstname.lastname areas of interest or expertise: interest in cultural anthropology: member of society for cultural anthropology?:
__label__non_math	0.9997	what does it take to be a vintage mac collector? a love of all things apple and an encyclopedic knowledge of the many successful, unsuccessful and downright notorious products cupertino has released over the years are a given. but the job can be more perilous than you d imagine. just ask adam goolevitch. known as wozniac on ebay, adam is one of the premier vintage mac collectors around. in just he last couple of months, some of googlevitch s rarest finds including a 128k mac with a . twiggy floppy disk drive and a macintosh se with a clear outer case have hit the web and sparked a flurry of interest. but collecting these macs isn t always easy. from almost losing a finger to a powermac g4 cube to mistakenly being investigated by the police under the suspicion of dealing drugs instead of macs, googlevitch has some wild stories to tell that prove that being a vintage mac collector isn t necessarily for the faint of heart. cult of mac sat down with adam to hear some of his adventures and also get the scoop on the rarest machines in his collection.
__label__non_math	1.0000	artists and social inclusion: a greens efa conference the green group of the european parliament will organise a public conference entitled "artists and social inclusion" during which culture action europe will speak on the panel "european union vs. local and regional policies". the conference will take place on june from to in the european parliament. to find out more and register, click here.
__label__non_math	0.9895	brian brooks moving company the future of dance is a talking pinata. go ahead and laugh. brian brooks moving company, an up-and-coming brooklyn-based group making its american dance festival debut, humbly makes the argument that humor, along with a kindergartenesque approach to the world, is not only justified in , but logical. and shortly after mr. pinata, a little papier-mache donkey in a spotlight, opens the show with a comic voiceover about cellphones and the company website, another pinata is lowered from above, to be bashed open by little "girl" with a big stick. guts get spilled. pinata, a new -minute piece completes brooks color saga. first there was a pink dance, dance-o-matic , then a green dance, acre , and now, in , part three, the finale, this multi-colored extravaganza with confetti. brooks has a painterly interest in things. but, hes fun, too. songs by cesaria evora, the scissor sisters, senor coconut, cyndi lauper and maurice ravel create a soundscape that could only make sense on an ipod or in brooks brain, which has a clear predilection for pop culture. this is all filled in with birdsong and synthesizer in a score by tom lopez. the dance itself, handled by a quintet of likeable performers including brooks, comes at you like tv, like sesame street segments, a series of episodes, really, each a different dance with a different song, a different color, and a different "look". the stage is a coloring book for brooks, who starts with a glistening blank whiteness, then falling snow and dancers in football uniform pants, elizabethan collars, feathers, lacey briefs and aviator hats, also all in white. more confetti comes on, and with it the first touch of color, orange, tossed from the hands of dancers, hard nut style, during flex-footed side-leaping crossovers. these "steps," like a lot of brooks choreography, are almost, but not quite, pedestrian. the influence from his work with elizabeth streb, a choreographer with a body-slam aesthetic, is evident in the deliberate gracelessness and extended use of the floor, upon which dancers are scooting, lying down, jumping like mexican jumping beans, or taking pilates exercises to the extreme. each dance leaves its trace. orange confetti gives way to red, green, blue and yellow. the stage becomes a cartoon-colored carpet with a big, red x. finally, striding through all the detritus, the dancers stand in a semi-circle like the finalists of a beauty pageant, wearing turn-of-the-century ball gowns, in black. its time for bolero in drag. ravels endless anthem builds and builds and builds, but brooks has his dancers wave their hands around in complicated gestures that read as a kind of romantic sign language. they never take a step. dont laugh. the future of dance may have not much to do with dance at all if brian brooks has his way. and thats not necessarily bad news. michael wade simpson
__label__non_math	1.0000	howard hughes medical institute at columbia university welcome to the howard hughes medical institute hhmi at columbia university. hhmi, one of the worlds largest philanthropic organizations, is a nonprofit medical research organization that employs hundreds of leading scientists working at the forefront of their fields at over 'host' institutions around the u.s. in addition, through its science education programs and other activities, hhmi is helping to enhance science education at all levels and maintain the vigor of biomedical science worldwide. the institute has laboratories across the united states and grants programs throughout the world. its headquarters is located in chevy chase, maryland. the institute also maintains its own research complex in ashburn, virginia, known as the janelia farm research campus, which brings together scientists from a variety of disciplines to tackle the most difficult problems confronting science today. the hhmi investigators and early career scientists based at columbia university and columbia university medical center are drs. richard axel, joachim frank, stephen goff, eric greene, iva greenwald, wayne hendrickson, oliver hobert, barry honig, thomas jessell, eric kandel, steven siegelbaum, brent stockwell, gary struhl, rafael yuste and charles zuker. for more information on the howard hughes medical institute, please check our website: for information about, or to contact someone at our columbia site, please call the hhmi office of administrative services, located at: 100 haven avenue new york, new york phone: 212 781- marilin riedler, manager of administrative services isaias arce, procurement coordinator maria lulo, procurement coordinator stephanie seabrook, administrative assistant howard hughes medical institute structural biology program
__label__non_math	1.0000	to take advantage of these and other genuine parts specials, please contact the nearest cummins west location or call 800-595- for assistance. cummins west is your best source for the parts on your cummins engine. we provide fast, reliable support to meet urgent customer needs. over 150,000 different genuine cummins new and recon parts are rapidly available whenever and wherever needed. why genuine? appearances can be deceiving. this is especially true when it comes to critical parts for your engine. pistons, for example. in some ways, one piston might look much the same as another. yet closer inspection will reveal that there are dramatic differences between genuine cummins parts and others. differences in design, tolerances and materials. the truth is, genuine cummins parts deliver improved performance and longer life between overhauls. it's that simple. did you know genuine cummins parts are available at low prices every day? listen to "the genuine advantage - a matter of trust" in addition to genuine cummins new parts, we offer a full range of genuine cummins recon parts. recon parts from cummins aren't just repaired or rebuilt. they're remanufactured. every part is completely torn down, cleaned and brought back to cummins specifications. these recon parts come with a full worldwide warranty. an extensive inventory of genuine cummins new and recon parts are available at all authorized cummins service facilities. quickserve online is a great source of cummins engine parts and service information to purchase parts or schedule service, contact the cummins west branch nearest you, or call 800-595-. we have been made aware that possible fraudulent activities using email addresses that look like cummins email addresses have been growing in circulation. if you receive any communication that you suspect may be fraudulent, please call us at 800 595- to confirm the information sent to you is accurate.
__label__non_math	0.9999	heka elektronik and the city university of new york announce license agreement monday, chester, ns, canada, and new york city, ny, usa heka elektronik and the city university of new york cuny today announced that they have entered into a license agreement for the commercialization of the broderick probe . the broderick probe is a biosensor that enables direct, electrochemical monitoring of the release of dopamine, serotonin and a number of other neuro-active substances. these substances play a crucial role in understanding the function of the central nervous system, and changes in their release pattern may be a cause or a symptom in many disorders. click here to read more.
__label__non_math	0.9998	sunday, i was expecting a good recipe and little did i know i would be eating it out of the pan before it even hit the dinner table. -oz. cans pork and beans cups light brown sugar cup ketchup cup yellow mustard cup molasses cup juice from a jar of sweet dill pickles small yellow onion, thinly sliced strips bacon, halved crosswise . preheat oven to 400 . put the pork and beans, brown sugar, ketchup, mustard, molasses, and pickle juice into a large ovenproof pot or bean pot and stir well to combine. . top the bean mixture with onion slices and lay the bacon over the top in a single layer. bake, uncovered, until the bacon is crisp and the beans are hot and bubbling, about hour. remove from the oven and allow to cool slightly. stir the onions and bacon into the beans before serving. posted by susan york at
__label__non_math	0.5240	- our story - in memory vaccination and immunotherapy for alzheimer s disease vaccination against amyloid is a promising approach for the development of alzheimer s disease ad therapeutics. approximately half of the investigational new therapeutics in human clinical trials for ad are active or passive immunotherapeutics. active vaccination involves the injection of an antigen and relies on the production of antibodies in the vaccinated patient. four human clinical trials of active vaccination currently are under way. passive immunization is also a promising strategy that involves the production of antibodies outside of the patient and injection of these antibodies. there are currently clinical trials of passive immunization. you can check for alzheimer therapeutics in human clinical trials by visiting and searching for key words alzheimer s and immunotherapy. thinking out of the box the development of vaccinations as a strategy for treating or preventing alzheimer s is an example of thinking out of the box. vaccinations commonly are associated with infectious diseases, like influenza, small pox and polio, which appear to have little in common with neurodegenerative diseases, like alzheimer s. moreover, the brain is an immunoprivileged site with little access to antibodies, so it seems unlikely antibodies would be protective in the brain. researchers were pleasantly surprised when dale schenk and co-workers at elan inc. reported that vaccination of transgenic mouse models of ad against the amyloid a peptide prevented amyloid deposition in young animals and removed pre-existing amyloid deposits in older animals. subsequent work showed that immunization against a prevented or reversed many other pathological features and prevented cognitive dysfunction in transgenic mice and non-human primates. this vaccine elan an1792 was tested in human clinical trials, where it showed similar beneficial effects of removing amyloid deposits and slowing cognitive decline in patients with significant levels of anti-a antibodies, but the clinical trial was halted because percent of the patients developed meningoencephalitis, an inflammatory side effect. second-generation vaccines and passive immunization to circumvent the unwanted inflammatory side effects, second-generation active vaccines have been developed and passive immunization strategies have been explored. the second-generation vaccines use small pieces of the amyloid a sequence to avoid activating the t-cells responsible for meningoencephalitis, while passive immunization bypasses the human immune response by directly supplying antibodies. these newer strategies have shown the same beneficial effects in transgenic mice and passive immunization has shown some promise in a subset of patients in human trials, but they have raised new questions about their effectiveness and potential new side effects. elan wyeth reported preliminary results from clinical trials of their monoclonal antibody, bapineuzimab, that demonstrated only a small benefit in a subgroup of patients who lack the apoe4 genotype. they also failed to observe an improved benefit with an increased dose of antibody and reported side effects, like a buildup of fluid in the brain. results of active vaccination human clinical trials with second-generation vaccines remain to be reported. third-generation vaccines and antibodies: thinking perpendicular to the box both second-generation vaccines and antibodies suffer from a common problem. they both target linear amino acid sequences found in normal human proteins the amyloid precursor protein and in the amyloid deposits themselves. making antibodies against normal human proteins can cause autoimmune side effects, in which the immune system is attacking normal human cells in addition to the alzheimer s pathology. fortunately, it is difficult to make antibodies against self-proteins because of immune suppression of auto antibodies. third-generation vaccines seek to overcome these problems of autoimmune side effects and autoimmune suppression by using antibodies that target structures specific to the amyloid aggregates and that do not react with normal human proteins. cure alzheimer s fund has been supporting two projects that seek to develop third-generation immunotherapeutics. dr. charles glabe s laboratory is developing active vaccines and monoclonal antibodies that recognize conformations of the amyloid peptide that only occur in the pathological amyloid oligomer aggregates, while dr. rob moir s lab is working on cross-linked amyloid peptides caps that are only found in disease-related aggregates. dr. glabe s strategy relies on the fact that when the a peptide aggregates into -sheet oligomers, it creates new antibody recognition sites, known as epitopes, that are not found on native proteins. the surprising finding is that these oligomer-specific antibodies recognize amyloid oligomers from other diseases that involve amyloids formed from sequences unrelated to a . this means the same antibodies also may be effective for other amyloid-related neurodegenerative diseases, like parkinson s disease. the explanation for why the antibodies are specific for amyloid oligomers that involve several individual peptide strands arranged in a sheet and yet recognize these sheets when they are formed from other amino acid sequences is simple and elegant figure . it is now known that most pathological amyloids aggregate into simple and very regular structures where the peptide strands are arranged in parallel and where the amino acid sequence is in exact register. this is like a sheet of paper upon which the same sentence is written on each line. the individual amino acids line up and down the sheet in homogeneous tracts, known as steric zippers. the steric zippers do not occur in normal protein structures and the oligomer-specific antibodies are thought to recognize these steric zipper patterns on the surface of the sheets. since all proteins are made up using the same amino acids, any sequence in this parallel, in-register structure gives rise to the same steric zippers regardless of the linear sequence, which can explain why the antibodies recognize the oligomers formed by different proteins. dr. moir s group is working on caps, where a is cross-linked by oxidation of a tyrosine residue at position of the peptides sequence. a is oxidized after it is produced from the amyloid precursor protein as a consequence of the abnormally high level of oxidative activity in a brain with ad and the peptides propensity to bind redox active metals. excessive caps generation is associated with the disease state and is not a normal feature of a biology. the cross-linking at tyrosine that gives rise to caps may serve to align the peptides in a parallel, in-register fashion and promote the generation of still-larger oligomeric aggregates that display steric zippers on their surface. dr. moir and dr. rudy tanzi s labs found that natural antibodies to caps are reduced in the blood of patients with ad. more recently, evidence published by tony weiss-coray s group at stanford university supports the idea that antibodies that recognize steric zippers and caps may be important for protecting against alzheimer s disease. the levels of these antibodies that target the zippers and caps were among the highest in young, normal humans; levels dropped with aging and with ad. furthermore, the results of a recent study supported by baxter biosciences of patients that received human antibodies purified from normal individuals ivig reported that antibody treatment reduced the risk of being diagnosed with ad by percent over the five-year study period. this is one of the most remarkable reports of prevention of ad by any therapy. although the normal human antibodies that target amyloid primarily recognize the steric zippers and caps, these antibodies are present at relatively low levels. it is reasonable to imagine that an even greater protective effect might be achieved by boosting the levels of these protective antibodies by either active vaccination or passive immunization. figure shows how the same steric zipper patterns are formed on parallel, in-register oligomers from completely different sequences. a segment of the a sequences is shown in the upper left corner and a random sequence is shown in the upper right. each amino acid is designated by a capital letter. typical antibodies recognize the linear sequence from left to right indicated in the horizontal boxes, which is unique to each sequence. when the peptides aggregate to form pathological oligomers, they line up in a parallel, in-register fashion, shown below. this gives rise to steric zippers that run up and down the sheet perpendicular to the sequence, shown in vertical boxes. aggregation-dependent, disease-specific antibodies recognize the steric zippers from many different amyloid sequences. zippers from f and v amino acids are shown in boxes, but there are potentially different zippers; one for each of the amino acids. the fact that a completely random sequence can form the same type of steric zipper as is found in a amyloid in alzheimer s disease means we can use a non-human, random peptide sequence as a vaccine to produce a protective immune response that has a very low potential for autoimmune side effects. vaccines based on non-human peptides, like diphtheria and pertussis toxin, are so safe they routinely are given to infants. there is no reason to expect that a vaccine for ad that targets the disease-specific steric zippers wouldn t be as safe and free of side effects. a goal of the research funded by cure alzheimer s fund is to do the preclinical investigations that are a necessary prelude to getting these third-generation vaccines and monoclonal antibodies that target disease-specific epitopes into human clinical trials.
__label__non_math	0.9999	breathless finger-tapping tappity-tappity-tappity tegan and sara - heartthrob kitty - d.a.i.s.y. rage ashley monroe - like a rose kate nash - girl power cast of nashville - the music of nashville season one kacey musgraves - same trailer, different park yeah yeah yeahs - mosquito le1f - fly zone yo la tengo - fade waxahatchee - cerulean salt justin timberlake - the experience adrian younge the delfonics - adrian young presents the delfonics flume - s t enthusiastic finger-tapping tap-tap-tap bleeding rainbow - yeah right dj koze - amygdala the joy formidable - wolf's law kitten - cut it out ep lusine - the waiting room mavericks - in time mindless behavior - all around the world my bloody valentine - mbv pissed jeans - honeys relatives - the electric word dawn richard - goldenheart ulrich schnauss - a long way to fall marnie stern - chronicles of marnia shugo tokumaru - in focus? strfkr - miracle mile nervous finger-tapping tap. tap. jamie lidell - s t lisa loeb - no fairy tale v a - night slugs allstars vol. imagining this spot on the table is actually your stupid face tap. atoms for peace - lol supergroup v a - essential love songs of burt bacharach yo ma ma - symptomology depends on how you define "tapping" tuesday, monday, hey, i have pretty little to say about music these days, except: sleigh bells are way better when they don't irk me w their clipping school of seven bells continue to be amazing and ghostory is probably their best album, nice balance btw. on mixtapes are still a thing cassie might actually have a new album out, which means i'll probably have to give a "russell-crowe-for-gladiator"-style consolation first place in since i stupidly missed cassie in i guess i should update russell crowe gladiator to meryl streep iron lady oh hey, this is supposed to be about mash-ups, so i will note that basically my listening has started to approximate kat stevens's style, aka horsefart, which is now a genre oh hey, and i guess now's as good a time as any to say that i'm submitting a proposal to this year and i highly encourage you all to do the same a.o. stroff h t's this pretty great "set fire to the rain" mash-up. there's a whole album of ldr b.i.g. mash-ups that is not terrible sometimes people take one song and then they take another song and it sounds like a sort of new song, except it's very familiar 3i aaron carter vs. lmfao - aaron's party rocking download 3ii 2ne1 vs. the offspring - come out and k this one is technically a smash-up, get it? 3iii kreayshawn vs. fatboy slim - gucci gucci skank feel free to use the comment section to spam me with passable-going-on-amazing k-pop mash-ups. horsefart lives. monday, leslie carter passed away earlier this month, an event that passed me by completely until frank told me about it. i don't like to read much into media exposure, but from watching the carter family reality show, house of carters, leslie seemed extremely unhappy in her participation. there are rumblings of mental illness, and i won't indulge or speculate. that's a private concern. but i will say that house of carters might have been one of the more uncomfortable television viewing experiences of recent memory. i was probably one of the few people who watched the show specifically for leslie. i knew her, and had written about her once, when she started publishing candidly about her family life particularly the difficult relationship the carters had with their parents, seen occasionally on the reality show and defending her brothers against online rumors. the key pieces to read about leslie, though, are "companion pieces" of sorts. metal mike saunders wrote a piece -- "tween-pop suppressed in that piece, metal mike also references a more disturbing article, "the devil in greg dark," which describes how porn director dark turned to the teenpop music video world in the early 's. the video shoot profiled in that piece was leslie carter's "like wow because she is one of the orlando carters, there was reason to believe that leslie would show up for the shoot in a manner befitting the orlando carters, which is to say rigorously and even pitilessly prepared. instead, she showed up with "issues," which is to say she showed up overweight. leslie carter is a big girl, and if there's anything little girls can't abide--if there's anything they fear as a rebuke to the possibilities of their own rapacity--it's the prospect of becoming a big girl, and so, despite their applause and their polite smiles, dreamworks executives frances and goldie are uneasy, which is to say panicky. they spend a lot of time in hushed conference, trying to select slimming outfits and to devise flattering camera angles, or else speaking to craig fanning, who owns f.m. rocks, the production company making the "like, wow although he wears a white windbreaker and white stan smith tennis shoes, and although he has neatly cut red hair and a face full of freckles, he has hard, narrow eyes rigged for unsparing assessments, and his assessment of leslie carter's first take was this: it's not enough. she's not selling the song enough. she's not feeling it enough and not having enough fun. leslie carter has to do enough in front of the camera to overcome her issues, because the singers she is in competition with--britney and christina and mandy and jessica--have no issues to overcome. they are perfect. their hair, their makeup, their clothes, everything is perfect. they are pros. you ask them to do something, they do it. they do not show up unprepared. they are not big girls, and now, because leslie carter is a big girl, everybody--from the orlando carters to frances and goldie to craig fanning--is counting on gregory dark to transform her more than she was able to transform herself. they are counting on gregory dark to make her beautiful, to make her commercially viable, to make her--somehow--perfect. all i'll say is that "like wow edit: someone's shared the link on mediafire. i also didn't excerpt any of the disturbing stuff about the post-production "squeeze" effect they tried using in the video, which the author of the piece dubbed the "skinnyizer": gregory's sitting in another room at the studio, behind a woman working to skinnyize images of leslie carter. there's an image of leslie carter on the monitor. she's wearing a pink top, and she has ... issues. then the woman hits a button, clicks a mouse, and--blip posted by dave at saturday, stupid shit index hey look, first song from paris sort of -- she's featured on the track, by manufactured superstars, and just recites a monologue over a house track since the theme song to her bff show, i think prefer the pierces' "boring" for club ennui novelty, and prefer every other paris hilton song to this one, but since it doesn't seem to be a "paris hilton song," really, i can appreciate it as novelty music.
__label__non_math	0.9994	stunning emerald colored lady baltimore train case boombox. the beetle thumper is plugs right in to your wall and plays all day. no battery required . - case dimensions: "w x ."h x "d - watt amp with volume control - .5mm jack connects to any mobile device or laptop cord included - acoustic foam interior - plug in play breathe easy, we stand behind our craftsmanship. any thumper can be repaired free of charge in the rare event that it malfunctions. we'll even pay to ship it back to us.
__label__non_math	0.9980	my comic strip curls was mentioned today in the column adventures on alternate earths by p.m. buchan in starburst magazine, the uk s longest running sci-fi magazine, first published . the article is titled all comics are created equal and features lizz lizz, adam cadwell, andi ewington, marc ellerby, rachel pandich, and many more creators to discover please read the full article here: i respect that even though it s not the author s cup-of-tea, he is able to see the appeal: on a completely different note, i ve been talking to artist carolyn belefski about her webcomic curls recently and she could seriously teach you a thing or two about self-promotion what a great quote. thank you so much to starburst magazine and p.m. buchan.
__label__non_math	1.0000	curltopia is a place where it's all about making peace with your hair. it's a curl revolution led by girls who have fought our curls forever. we specialize in very awesome product and color cutting styling technique under the sun for all hair- whether you've always embraced your twists and coils, you're just now transitioning, you'd like to transform your kinks to curls, or if you like to keep your curlies straight. and yes, we are awesome with straight hair too for those of you who love a little color, our color specialists are all deva certified stylists and have participated in the curlaboration training by devaconcepts. curlaboration is a one of kind training program that teaches the revolutionary deva method for cutting, coloring, cleansing and styling techniques for curly wavy hair. our color specialists are extremely passionate about the world of beauty...being creative and artistic comes naturally. no matter what type of hair you have, curly or straight, kinky or coily, our team has a special insight to formulate colors that will bring out the true beauty in you. curltopia's team includes curly hair divas, multi-texure know-it-alls, natural hair experts, straight hair specialists and color rock-stars. do you have natural hair? thinking about taking the transitioning leap? are you ready for the "big chop"? are your curlies frizzy? is it impossible for you to find someone that can cut curly hair? do you prefer your mane to be straight? do you want killer color? if you answered yes, curltopia is your answer. we are the only salon in the entire atlanta area that specializes in all hair and that's because of our team of multi-texture hair architects
__label__non_math	1.0000	the smiley west show is being picked up by two chicago radio outlets, after wbez dropped the program due to sagging audience numbers. tavis smiley and his co-host, author and activist cornel west, will be heard on newsweb radio progressive talk wcpt-am and midway broadcasting urban news talk wvon-am, reports chicago media critic bob feder. thirteen stations have dropped the show since june , with several taking issue with the co-hosts political opinionating or citing complaints from listeners. wbez s cancellation and related comments from torey malatia, station president, triggered an angry letter from smiley that sparked a widely reported controversy in chicago. the program is distributed by public radio international.
__label__non_math	1.0000	radio has spring in season s pledging the results of south dakota public broadcasting s spring pledge are a microcosm of stations across america: radio, good, considering the economy; tv, not so good. it s a mixed bag out here on the plains, said fritz miller, sdpb marketing director. the state network s radio side surpassed its goals ,680 and signing up 102. that also topped its five-year average for spring drives. it was touch and go in the middle of the week, but we were able to go over the top after two spectacular days at the end of the drive, miller said. friday brought in more than ,000. however, south dakota s tv drive was percent off its five-year spring average. the story was similar at alaska sister stations kska-fm and kakm-tv in anchorage. travis gilmore, membership director, spoke with current early on april , the last day of radio pledging. he predicted the station would meet its 120,000 goal. doug eichten, president of pubradio s dei, has heard about similar numbers nationwide. radio drives are right on track or slightly higher, but tv is down in some cases drastically, he said. it is no secret in any chat i have with anyone in public tv it is very, very tough. david preston, director of membership and viewer services at minnesota s twin cities public television, saw better results when pitching to fans of the newshour, eastenders or other shows with fond followings. nevertheless, tpt s pledges were off about percent; new members were up percent. successful stations often were those that applied best practices such as creating a good balance of live pitching and prepared inserts and mixing pledge and regular shows, eichten said. many stations are making it clear to listeners that they d appreciate gifts of any size, he added. that helped at wabe-fm in atlanta, up percent over spring . the station encouraged listeners to call with a pledge at any level and avoided touting a dollar goal, said development director rene lindsay. instead, wabe went for a caller goal of ,000. at final count, ,618 donors up from ,514 last year pledged a total of more than million. in anchorage, kska-fm asked listeners why life is better with kska. callers and website visitors responded with phrases like kska makes the drive to anchorage bearable. jon schwartz, g.m. of pubradio s wyoming public media, said a combination of challenge hours and traditional radiothon fundraising helped it reach its goal. for many pubtv stations, it was an uphill battle. pbs does not release national pledge data, but a station insider said dollars were down about percent from last spring in pbs s report. the number of pledges dropped percent, and the average amount fell percent to . anecdotal data told the same story. valley ptv in fresno, calif., was off about percent, or some , president paula castadio said. new hampshire ptv was down percent. it s clearly the economy, said president peter frid. callers are off, and dollars are off. others down from last spring: ktwu in topeka, kan., percent, and north carolina s unc-tv and vermont ptv, each down about percent. vpt s result was better than we expected, chief exec john king said. idaho ptv did surpass its goal but after lowering it from 950,000. final take: . i m feeling great about feeling ok, said general manager peter morrill. web page posted start or join a conversation on
__label__non_math	0.9060	create a vibrant springtime scene on a window or mirror in a jiffy is x ". choking hazard small parts. keep out of reach of children under years.
__label__non_math	0.9883	small but powerful, the pure contour 100di vl- ipod, ipad iphone docking system is the perfect audio solution for any home. with an array of audio playaback options, this stunning ipod dock really has it all. crystal clear clarity the contour 100di has full-range " drivers that provide w of power, so you can enjoy detailed sound quality in your room. the perfect docking solution you can dock your ipod, iphone or ipad to enjoy content from your device at any time, and the... find out more
__label__non_math	0.9832	date: feb , by tor with comments just finished adding anime cursors of fullmetal alchemist, please teacher . most of them were for the anime fullmetal alchemist and please teacher i didn't add much of rurouni kenshin, dragon ball, or sailor moon but hopefully i will in the future. all the clannad cursors are animated glitter. the cursors went in... date: feb , by tor with comments added exactly marvel and dc comic cursors, superman, hulk, ironman, spiderman, fantastic four, mr. fantastic, invisible woman, human torch, the thing, justice league, wonder woman, hawk girl, x-men, wolverine, night crawler, cyclops, storm, gambit, ghost rider, captain america, green lantern, hawkeye, batman, the flash, rogue, colossus, magneto, iceman, silver samaria, psylocke, and the abomination oo damn that's a long list. next time i won't name them all. and yup more marvel and dc comic cursors coming in the future. especially more dc comics, since i didn't really add an even amount. the cursors went in... date: feb , by tor with comments i just finished adding hip hop artists. some of the biggest names in hip hop history. here's who i added; tupac shakur, notorious big, lil wayne, kenye west, jay-z, t.i., akon, and soulja boy i plan on adding a ton more artists from around the world in the following days. even though celebrity cursors aren't that popular at all here at cursors-4u.com...well except maybe twilight cursors, which seem to be really popular among all the tweens. the cursors went in... date: feb , by tor with comments not sure if i should list all the celebrity cursors added today. i'll list all the popular one's that i can think of. today we added chris brown, rihanna, lebron james, david beckham, brad pitt, jessica simpson, jessica alba, beyonce, pamela anderson, mellisa ford, ayumi hamasaki, boa, eva longoria, the terminator, harrison ford indiana jones , bar refaeli, jeremy lusk and a whole lot more. jeremy lusk passed away a few days okay doing the thing he loved, entertaining the people. rest in peace man i plan on adding celebrity from around the world. next time i add celebrity cursors, it will be mostly of asian celebrities. make sure to check back then... you can get the celebrity cursors at... date: feb , by tor with comments just added dancing banana cursors . you probably seen the dancing banana gif or image around on the net. they are pretty famous. today, we added a bunch of different colors and different variations of them. including, some xxx adult one's with them having sex, showing private parts etc. those are marked with the "xxx adult" image. ya, we kid friendly here. you have to download the cursor to view it, if it's animated. i tried to get pretty descriptive with the xxx dancing banana cursors, for the title, to give you a better idea of what is going on. you can search for "dancing banana" or go to... date: feb , by tor with comments just updated all the cursors that we have for myspace .. i changed the html css code a little bit. nothing much really. the myspace cursors . will defaintely work on myspace. i notice a lot of comments in the past few weeks saying it doesn't. remember to wait atleast minutes for myspace to update their database. if you tried everything and it still don't work, send us an e-mail. we can walk you through. we might create a tutorial for you if a lot of people are still confused. to get the myspace cursors . , you first have to find the cursor you want to put on your page. then click on the image, and scroll down the page a little bit. you should see a textarea box. above that, there should be "tabs" that say "universal", "myspace", "hi5", and "friendster" click on "myspace" and then read the "myspace cursors ." and follow the instructions. that's about it. this is the only website in the world right now, that offers myspace .cursors that's right, no where else will you find cursors for myspace .. read our guide on how to add cursors on myspace . date: feb , by tor with comments just added smiley cursors. happy, sad, mad, crying, dead, beat-up, pretty much almost every emotion. there are some animated cursors of the smileys as well. the bigger smiley cursors are not animated though. they are very unique and probably will not find them anywhere else except here on cursors-4u.com all the cursors went in "smileys date: feb , by tor with comments just added high school musical cursors of zac efron, vanessa hudgens, ashley tisdale, corbin bleu, and monique coleman most of the cursors are of the two main stars, zac efron as troy bolton, and vanessa hudgens as gabriella montez. if you want to request a particular cast member, send in an e-mail or leave a comment. also i got way more celebrity, famous, stars, etc coming in the next few days. you can search for the cursors or go to... date: feb , by tor with comments just added sports cursors of tennis, golf, formula racing, bowling, skiing, soccer, baseball, football. all of these were created and ripped by mameworld.info of course the cursorization process was doen by most of these sports cursors went into multiple sections of the site. if you want to get them please visit one of the links below. date: feb , by tor with comments just added valetines day, hearts, and star cursors most of them are just variation of the same cursor but with different colors. giving it more variety for those picky people who want something in green or pink right besides the valetines day, hearts, and star cursors, i also made some changes to the site if you haven't notice in the last few days. - random cursors on every page - newest cursors on cursor page only - on left hand side - click the arrows to browse if you got any questions or suggestions let me know. also i plan on making some more tiny changes here and there. all the cursors went in
__label__non_math	0.9964	welcome again to the care foundation's enewsletter and thank you for supporting the students of capistrano unified. the care foundation's technology initiative official launched, "fund an item" campaign is underway the care foundation officially launched their technology initiative at "tea for technology" on saturday, . this is the first district-wide technology initiative to address technology upgrades for all capistrano unified school district students. "closets for capo" brings together community the care foundation's first "closets for capo" clothing drive was a huge success care foundation grant helps fund destination imagination trip destination imagination di is an exhilarating after-school activity in which students work in teams to solve mind-bending challenges and present their solutions at tournaments. save the date: the care foundation's 17th annual golf classic having supported the care foundation with annual contributions for many years, rancho mission viejo is a "visionary" inaugural donor of the care foundation's technology initiative.
__label__non_math	1.0000	cushman wakefield to acquire burnham real estate dec, , san diego, ca premier southern california firm to join global platform of the world s largest privately held commercial real estate services company cushman wakefield, the world s largest privately held commercial real estate services firm, today announced it has reached an agreement to acquire burnham real estate, which has operated as san diego s largest, independent commercial real estate services firm for 116 years. the agreement, scheduled to close in january, is expected to position cushman wakefield as the leading commercial real estate firm in san diego and to further strengthen the firm s expansive southern california operations. for burnham, which is headquartered in san diego, the move provides its professionals direct access to a premier, full-service platform of 215 offices in countries. terms of the agreement were not disclosed. burnham is the industry prototype for the premier regional firm, said bruce mosler, president and chief executive officer of cushman wakefield. our clients expect the best representation everywhere they conduct business, and its strategic acquisitions of firms like burnham that have helped cushman wakefield to expand its reputation for excellence locally and globally. burnham real estate, founded in , has grown to become one of the region s largest and most diversified full-service real estate companies with 250 professionals and employees operating from three offices in san diego county, one in south riverside county temecula, and one in las vegas, nev. services include traditional brokerage, corporate services, asset services, capital markets, advisory services, strategic corporate consulting and project management. the company s total estimated brokerage and finance transaction volume is billion. the combination of burnham s southern california expertise with cushman wakefield s global reach will provide enhanced best of class services in the region to clients of both firms, said tony marano, cushman wakefield s chief executive officer for the americas. we both have strong cultures, we value our traditions of integrity and excellence and our professionals share a client-first philosophy all of which make this a powerful combination of talent in the region. burnham real estate president and ceo stath karras said that becoming part of the respected cushman wakefield brand is a tremendous opportunity for burnham clients, professionals and employees. cushman wakefield is a natural fit for us given the similar corporate cultures and shared core values, said karras. this move will provide our clients with an even higher level of service and direct access to opportunities in other markets while still enjoying the relationships they have formed with our professionals. additionally, our professionals and employees will benefit through increased opportunity for career and personal growth through a broader range of resources and the international network of cushman wakefield offices. karras will serve as executive managing director of the cushman wakefield san diego operation, which after , will include the three former burnham real estate offices, under the cushman wakefield brand. the addition of burnham closely follows cushman wakefield s acquisition of san diego corporate real estate advisors, which signified the firm s commitment to the region. prior to , cushman wakefield served clients in the region through an alliance relationship. when the transaction is complete, cushman wakefield will maintain full-service offices throughout california, including in southern california. in , cushman wakefield completed sales and leasing transactions globally valued at more than .billion. about cushman wakefield cushman wakefield is the world s largest privately held commercial real estate services firm. founded in , the firm has 215 offices in countries and more than ,000 professionals. cushman wakefield delivers integrated solutions by actively advising, implementing and managing on behalf of landlords, tenants and investors through every stage of the real estate process, including buying, selling, financing, leasing and managing assets. the firm also provides valuation advice, strategic planning and research, portfolio analysis, site selection and space location assistance, among many other advisory services. to find out more about cushman wakefield, visit about burnham real estateburnham real estate is one of southern california s oldest, largest and most diversified real estate firms. since its founding in , the company has led the industry with a tradition of excellence, integrity and innovation in each market it serves. burnham s trademark entrepreneurial sprit is reflected through its people, superior technology and creative, solution-driven philosophy. company services include traditional brokerage along with corporate services, asset services, capital markets, advisory services, strategic corporate consulting and project management. the burnham web address is
__label__non_math	1.0000	archive - may the custer county chief brings you coverage of all area high school graduations last week we profiled six of those graduations - this week we feature the remaining seven. our coverage includes photos from each school's graduation ceremony, a list of scholarship winners from the graduating classes and biographical information on each graduating class. at the chief, we consider it an honor and privilege to have had the opportunity to cover these students throughout their high school careers and to be able to provide this final piece of the puzzle. the orscheln farm home in broken bow has grown. they have added ,000 square feet to the sales floor and ,000 square feet in storage. the new addition has been in the works for a very long time, for at least years in long-range business plan of store manager rod sonnichsen. he talks of the expansion with exuberance. there will be additions to the product lines, from farm and fencing, to automotive and women s clothing. shirley clay hostetler, of twin falls, idaho, left to be with her heavenly father . shirley was born to donald and violet hanneman clay , in broken bow. the family moved to idaho locating in twin falls in march . shirley attended schools in twin falls, hansen, and filer graduating from filer high school in . shirley also attended twin falls business school, link s business school in boise, idaho, and csi in twin falls. robert allen lawrence, of ansley, died at the jennie melham medical center in broken bow. funeral services were monday may , at st. john's episcopal church in broken bow with the rev. mary jane gockley officiating. burial was in the fort mcpherson national cemetery at maxwell with military honors by the us navy honor guard. gertrude r. hickey kutsch, age of cozad, passed away sunday, at the golden living care center in cozad. gertrude was born , at york, to cornelius and sylvia gess mccarthy. her early education was at the convent in york. the family moved to custer county where she completed grade school at district 129. she attended high school at anselmo. mary jane mills cooper was born , one of the third set of twins born to rosco c. mills and albertina baker mills. she lived with her parents, two sisters and three brothers on a farm north of westerville. when she was -years-old, they moved to california. there she later met richard cooper, whom she married in . to this union three children were born: sons, george and steve, and daughter, elaine. mary passed on to be with her lord , at san diego, calif. at the time this paper went to press it had been about hours since we heard the news of the killing of osama bin laden. as information continues to come forth, many americans are still reeling from the announcement. it was about p.m. sunday when president barack obama stepped to the microphone from the white house and made the announcement - a very strategically planned operation, carried out by a team of navy seals, had located and killed the most wanted man in the world. last friday was arbor day, and in celebration of the nebraska-founded holiday tim schaaf and sarah winslow of the natural resources conservation district paid a visit to broken bow first graders. on one of the rare warm, sunny days our region has enjoyed recently, the first grade students at north park elementary gathered outside as mr. schaaf presented a quick lesson on plants and soils. the students then gathered in front of the school and watched excitedly as schaaf dug holes to plant two new trees on the property. an april vehicle accident near sargent has led to the arrest of a sargent man. ronald j.vincent, , was driving his red ford pickup when he lost control and went through a fence before hitting an embankment. the accident occurred approximately miles west and miles north of sargent at p.m. arnold - - arnold public schools' teacher nicole badgley has been named the great plains communications outstanding teacher of the year. during her tenure, badgley helped in the planning, developing and maintaining one of the first :laptop initiatives for small schools in nebraska. due to her efforts, beginning in , all students in -grades received their own laptops. eventually, the program was expanded for students k-.
__label__non_math	1.0000	do you need to design and order custom t-shirts for your group of friends? maybe you have an upcoming business event or maybe you just want to create a lasting memory? customized girl is the place for you. we require no minimums, no set up fees, and the price you see includes full-color printing for free. customized girl is a member of the eretailing family, and is powered by the eretailing design center. in business since , we are experts in the custom apparel industry, printing over 200,000 items every year.
__label__non_math	1.0000	tommy and dotty's biggest adventure yet, the little panto with the big heart dame set to take final bow but we re still dotty about panto one of the country s longest-running dames is hanging up her bloomers and hairpiece when this panto season ends aw it s sadder than that bob stott, who has played the hilarious and loveable dame dotty for almost years, will take his final curtain call in the customs house s annual show. the south shields venue has just announced its cast list for dick whittington and everyone s geared up to make sure that, as the final curtain falls on january , bob has a run he ll never forget. bob will of course be joined on stage by the customs house s very own ray spencer mbe, who has played dotty s son tommy for the last years. but there s no rest for the wicked or the thoroughly dotty as this show, which kicks off on november , will be the venue s longest run to date. bob, a grandfather of and a great grandfather of , is donning the greasepaint for the last time to spend more time with his family. he said: i m really looking forward to this year s panto, and since it s my last one we re going to make sure i go out with a bang. being part of the panto is always fun, but it s a lot of hard work as well, and this year we re doing shows. for that whole time you have to be completely dedicated to your character and believe that you are them. there are days you do three shows but the audience should always feel like they re in the only show of the day. what s brilliant about panto is that we re all a big family and the audience becomes part of that, as we all celebrate christmas together. i m going to miss dotty, all the gang and most of all our wonderful audience. but this time next year i can sit amongst them and enjoy the show from a whole new perspective. ray and bob have developed their own unique brand of comedy over the last four decades, which has audience coming back for more, smashing record after record. last year aladdin brought in almost ,000 people and this year s show could reach new heights. more than ,000 tickets have already been snapped up by eager panto fans. the customs house executive director ray spencer, who will play tommy, said: this year promises the same old formula but there s going to be a few new things in there as well, and for the first time we re going to have a pre-recorded animation which will see me and bob under the sea. with almost half of this year s tickets sold, if you want to see for yourself and bob s last panto, you ll have to get your tickets fast i m really sorry it s his last show and i think i might get quite emotional when the final curtain goes down. i ve worked with a lot of dames in my life and bob is without a doubt the best one. he s been my mother for years and it s going to be hard to see him go - there truly is nothing like this dame as well as bob and ray there will be plenty of familiar faces treading the theatre s boards. steven lee hamilton can t wait to step into dick whittington s boots. he said: dick whittington is one of my favourite pantos and it s one of the more traditional ones but it s going to be a true customs house panto, with all the usual family fun and side-splitting gags. we re definitely going to make sure dame dotty gets the send-off she deserves it s the end of an era. after shining in aladdin and puss in boots, alice stokoe will be returning to the stage as alice fitzwarren. and panto regulars peter darrant and graham overton make welcome returns as the evil king rat and alderman fitzwarren. designer paul shriek will once again sprinkle some magic over his creative set and costume designs following last year s huge success. dick whittington, sponsored by hays travel, runs from thursday, november to sunday, january . tickets start from and are available from the box office on 454 or by visiting customshouse.co.uk all ticket prices include a contribution. find out more hiya kids and mums and dads this year i have teamed up with the customs house to offer you a great gift idea. for just .you can join tommy s gang and get for on all cinema tickets for a full year. you will also receive an exclusive tommy mug, offers on great theatre shows and if that s not enough you ll get a special email birthday card from me on your big day. the green room bar bistro at the customs house if you are looking for a spacious, comfortable environment to relax with a glass of wine before a performance or you want a bite to eat and a catch up cappuccino with friends our green room bar bistro provides the perfect setting. the menu changes on a weekly basis and our catering team uses only the best, locally produce ingredience available. a new addition to the green room is riverview, a private dining room which can host people. overlooking the tyne, riverview offers a great setting to celebrate an intimate birthday dinner, corporate lunch or private function. we are proud of our great food and excellent atmosphere, but don t take our word for it please visit us soon two courses . three courses . to make a reservation please call 427 the green room opening times everyday: . - late hot cold lunches monday - saturday: . - . sunday: . - . early bird menu wednesday - saturday: . - . prior booking is recommended
__label__non_math	0.9996	an unusual three-way merger in the same community columbus, ohio is taking shape as the three credit unions, western cu, powerco and members first, form a million consortium. discussions on the deal have been under way for months with regulatory paperwork already being submitted to the agencies on two of the merger partners, western cu and powerco. the addition of the million members first cu was formally announced friday. we do look at our merger as a unique partnership since we will keep the individual brands as a division of the surviving cu, said powerco president ceo michael shafer, the designated ceo of the combined cus. shafer said he realizes individual brand retention is not a new thing but we remain excited about doing something a little different in combining very similar size credit unions in creating a solid future for our members. powerco has million. a new name for the combined cu will be selected in the third quarter, he said. in the meantime, shafer is serving as interim ceo of western following the dec. retirement of its veteran manager, tom furrey. under a restructuring, greg kidwell, current treasurer and ceo of members first, will become president of the combined organization, said shafer. members first has ,900 members.
__label__non_math	0.9993	for credit union executives planning a core banking system conversion, feelings of fear and stress are common. throw another factor into the mix, like a merger, and the conversion process becomes that much more overwhelming and complex. the 681 million first community fcu in parchment, mich., said they were able to sail through their core system conversions. both give substantial credit to their hiring of samaha associates, a consulting firm in chino hills, calif., that specializes in credit union core system conversions. stanford fcu said it was gearing up to move from an old, outdated system onto one from open solutions inc., and enlisted samaha associates help throughout the conversion process, mainly for the management of third party interfaces, batch jobs and forms. first community fcu faced a uniquely challenging situation. it planned to convert from a fiserv system onto a symitar system and had just merged two credit unions, each of which ran on two different systems of their own. this essentially left the credit union with three projects: convert its fiserv system onto symitar, convert the merged credit unions systems onto symitar, and manage third party vendor interfaces for all three. samaha associates came in to assist with the credit union s contract negotiation process with symitar and saw the conversion process through to its end, according to the credit union. sabeh samaha, president ceo of samaha associates, describes his firm s consulting process as meticulous and personalized. his team offers credit unions assistance throughout their entire core system conversion processes, from the vendor selection period up through go-live day. depending on the credit union s needs, they may only help with certain parts of the process, samaha said. when his team helps a credit union begin investigating vendor and system options, samaha associates sit down with the staff to discuss their needs in depth and come up with a list of ,000 questions to ask potential vendors. the credit union needs to understand which vendor is the best one for them, but we believe they also need to understand themselves, and from that understanding, find the best fit, samaha said. the amount of energy they spend on finding the right vendor should be the same as the amount of energy they spend on self-discovery. samaha associates said it helps its clients narrow their core system vendor pools down to two or three top choices, then brings the top vendors in for interviews and demos. next, the consulting team and credit union look for gaps in the vendors systems, fill out scorecards for each system and make a final decision. samaha said some of the most common fears credit unions have going into a core system conversion are that they will suffer a system outage, be prevented from working on other projects and exhaust their staff. stanford fcu said it didn t need samaha associates help in every stage of its conversion. the credit union had already chosen open solutions inc. as its vendor and had a firm grasp on how to manage the process. instead, it primarily needed assistance with smaller details, said jim phillips, senior vice president and chief information officer at stanford fcu. we needed a consultant to go beyond just managing meetings, phillips said. i liked samaha associates because they were ready to change our game plan and brought in different resources for us. the consulting team specifically worked on managing and organizing third-party reporting extracts and interfaces, automating batch jobs and managing internal and external forms for the credit union. stanford fcu also completed a mock conversion during the month prior to their official go-live day, as well as identified and addressed all potential snags ahead of time, phillips said. robert moore, information technology manager for first community, said after merging two credit unions education first credit union of detroit, mich., and first american credit union of beloit, wis., in a two-year time period, the credit union chose not to convert the merged credit unions core systems onto first community s existing fiserv system since they already planned to switch to a completely new system in the near future. first community began looking for a consultant after narrowing its vendor search down to a few options. moore said he liked the fact that samaha associates didn t require the credit union to start their search process over again. aside from helping first community with their vendor contract negotiation process and overseeing the conversion, moore said samaha associates conducted a gap analysis to pinpoint all the differences between the credit union s old systems and the symitar system, as well as managed its third party vendor relationships. our management staff had never been in that kind of a situation, so they were going in blind, moore said. then we brought in the consultant and they gave us a ton of confidence. moore said after working with samaha associates for months, the credit union executed a flawless conversion without any major member-facing hiccups. the biggest lesson moore said he learned while working with samaha is that it s definitely worth it to spend ample time identifying and solving issues that could potentially crop up before the actual conversion begins. all of the legwork we did in advance really paid off, he said. we put a lot of hours in beforehand for due diligence and testing. the phrase sabeh used during the pre-work process was, searching for the murphy s.
__label__non_math	0.9931	ddos gets the press but it s fraud that gets the attention of our banking executives, said lynn price, an ibm security executive. that may surprise given the blizzard of headlines distributed denial of service attacks have won, but ddos, so far, has not typically inflicted money losses. it may have shut down the websites of targeted institutions but it did no more. fraud, by contrast, is all about emptying the till. sneakily. quietly. no headlines sought. and exactly that is what bank and credit union executives really lose sleep over. that reality is driven home in a recent, and detailed, report on the evolving threat landscape compiled by enisa, the european network and information security agency. the free report is here. what enisa reports matters. it is an official agency of the european union and this particular document is the product of an exhaustive analysis of data collected across the eu. security vendors frequently color their pronouncements with breathy hype. not enisa. it s more a jack webb, just the facts style that aimed to uncover what really worries companies and governments in the eu. distributed denial of service made the enisa threat list but it was far down. what ranked as bigger worries in this in-depth survey of it executives? you already know: attacks with fraud at their heart. top of the chart are drive-by exploits, which are nasty attacks on known vulnerabilities of web browsers and plug ins such as adobe flash. the report ominously noted that drive-by attacks has also shown up on android phones, which could augur a new frontier of cyber crime. drive-bys are technically simple. often many of the details of the how-to are included in announcements by legitimate researchers of the discovery of a vulnerability and then for the criminal it amounts to waiting for an unpatched browser to show up at a site. particularly favorite websites to exploit are low-budget sites, often ones maintained by non-profits. last year, security firm barracuda researchers analyzed the top ,000 websites and found enough compromised with drive-by exploits that it estimated they had infected million visitors in just one month. the worse news about drive-by attacks is that they download malware to the victim s computer that will later interact with other sites such as online banking. and that means credit unions have to be alert to members who arrive with infected computers. the number two threat, per enisa, are worms and trojans, already well familiar to credit unions from the zeus keylogger trojan. especially worrisome to credit unions is that experts report uncovering zeus kits which are usually adapted to attack only customers of one financial institution that have been written for very small institutions. one told me about discovering a kit adapted for a private bank that served under 500 admittedly wealthy customers. it s not only the big banks that are zeus targets now, and credit unions need to brace themselves for zeus invasions, experts have told me. another threat high up on the enisa list are exploit kits, which are sometimes referred to as malware as a service. the bad news: would-be cybercriminals who lack significant technical skill increasingly can buy pre-packaged attacks that, for a few thousand dollars, turn a computer illiterate into a world-class hacker. some of all web threats are traced back to one exploit kit, blackhole, by internet security researchers sophos. particularly insidious about blackhole is that it starts an attack with a scan of a victim computer and, having identified susceptibilities, it then downloads a precisely honed payload. technically, exploit kits bring little new to the party but what they do is multiply the number of threats out there and that just makes the it security job more complicated. also on the increase, according to enisa, is old-fashioned phishing, which exploits the willingness of many consumers, as well as credit union employees, to click on links in emails and to provide information that should never be given out such as username and password for online banking . the enisa bottom line: threats are multiplying and a grim reality is that the depth of defenses at credit unions is not necessarily keeping pace. which is why the question to ask is this: has your credit union kept pace with the development of more malicious computer-based attacks? the era of robbing a bank or credit union with a gun and a note is entering its twilight. it s all about bits and bytes now.
__label__non_math	0.9992	the dow jones industrial average in recent days has ended a surge that the markets hadn t seen in years. for some, it was one more sign that the nation s economy may be continuing to move along the road to recovery. industry watchers said the dow s ascension, which started at close to ,254 on march and peaked at ,514 on march , was fueled by several factors, including a spike in gas prices. investors may have either been spooked by the record rise or made some adjustments to their portfolio mix. for credit union members, who tend to err on the side of conservative, the dow s increase might have aligned with their savings, which were up in january, according to cuna mutual group s march credit union trends report. the timing of the dow s record movement coincides with the latest update from an initiative between cu solutions group and saveup. according to the michigan credit union league affiliates, which owns cu solutions group, saveup is a free rewards program that encourages consumers to make positive changes to their financial behaviors. more than credit unions have signed on with saveup since the alliance launched six months ago. every time members contribute to their savings or retirement accounts, pay down their credit cards, mortgages or other loans or engage with saveup s financial education content, they earn credits they can use to win prizes from sponsors such as virgin america, banana republic and gamestop, as well as a million jackpot, cusg said. for the million northeast credit union in portsmouth, n.h., saveup has served several roles particularly with certain member niches and their spending and long-term planning goals, said andrea pruna, vice president of marketing at northeast. saveup is a great innovative tool to engage with the gen y market, reward positive member behavior and help plan our marketing tactics using its incredibly useful data reports, pruna said. unlike their baby boomer counterparts, gen x and gen y have a bit more time to plan for retirement. to target these younger members, saveup recently released its first u.s. consumer savings and debt report with its major findings focused on the financial habits of gen x and gen y. with gen x, average mortgage debt was ,270 and ,801, respectively. gen y had less debt averages, according to saveup. the average mortgage debt was more than ,273 and ,113, respectively. our recent data report shows that young people are bearing a disproportionate share of the country s non-asset debt, and if credit unions can engage younger americans to offer them better terms, and longer term financial services, there is a real benefit to all sides, said priya haji, ceo and co-founder of saveup. meanwhile, despite the dow s winning streak and more consumers paying down debt, retiring comfortably remains elusive for some. according to the employee benefit research institute s retirement confidence survey, released on march , the percentage of workers confident about having enough money for a comfortable retirement is essentially unchanged from the record lows observed in . while more than half expressed some level of confidence, with being very confident and somewhat confident of being able to afford a comfortable retirement, were not too confident, and were not at all confident. the latter figure is the highest level of those not at all confident recorded during the years of the survey, ebri said. one reason that retirement confidence has remained low despite a brightening economic outlook is that some workers may be waking up to just how much they may need to save, according to ebri. asked how much they believe they will need to save to achieve a financially secure retirement, a striking number of workers cited large savings targets: said they need to save between to of their income and indicated they need to save or more. aggressive as those savings targets appear to be, they may not be based on a careful analysis of their individual circumstances, said jack vanderhei, ebri research director and co-author of the report. only report they and or their spouse have tried to calculate how much money they will need to have saved by the time they retire so that they can live comfortably in retirement.
__label__non_math	1.0000	stockton a lifetime san joaquin county resident has joined placer title co. as the stockton branch s newest business development representative. macy caldwell is joining a seasoned escrow team and will provide the stockton area with regional expertise and exceptional customer service to clients throughout their real estate transaction. she is an excellent resource for her clients, and is known for going above and beyond to meet their needs. this is a tremendous opportunity to build upon the success of placer title co. and bring my drive, determination and enthusiasm to the stockton branch, said caldwell. as a lifetime area resident, caldwell has a vested interest in helping clients achieve their homeownership dreams in an area that she loves. macy is a great addition to our stockton operations, sara larson, san joaquin division president said in a statement. with proven excellence, the company and the real estate community can expect great things to come from her. placer title co. is celebrating years of success in . with nearly offices located throughout northern and central california, placer title continues to maintain its commitment to superior service. placer title co. is one of the only independent title insurance agency licensed in every county in california and it is one of the largest title insurance agencies on the west coast.
__label__non_math	0.9999	bpt - if you aren't a gamer yourself, buying for one can sometimes be a bit overwhelming considering the rapidly evolving technology and the choices in video games. with a few bits of good advice, you can easily find a gift that will delight anyone who enjoys gaming. keep in mind that gamers are always looking for ways to improve their playing experience. therefore, there's no such thing as a gamer who has everything. here are a few ways to find the perfect gift for the video game-lover in your life. transformers: fall of cybertron allows players to experience the most pivotal, post-apocalyptic battles of transformers lore that lead to their famed exodus from their home planet. great for older teens and adults, the game is a cinematic and immersive action shooter available for playstation , xbox 360 and pc. great for younger fans, transformers prime is a family-friendly game based on the popular animated television series of the same name. this one lets players change form and power-up their favorite autobots in diverse vistas around the world while cultivating friendships with jack, miko and raf, the human characters from the show. this game is available on nintendo's wii u, wii, 3ds and ds systems. you don't have to follow the latest in gaming news to find the perfect gift. since there are so many different gift options available, there are plenty of ways to enhance the playing experience for the gamer in your life.
__label__non_math	0.9999	new york, ny sports network - major league baseball has suspended san diego padres catcher yasmani grandal for games, without pay, for a violation of the league's rules regarding performance-enhancing substances. "we were disappointed to learn of the suspension of yasmani grandal for violating major league baseball's joint drug prevention treatment program," said the padres in a statement issued on wednesday afternoon. "we fully support major league baseball's policy and its efforts to eliminate performance enhancing drugs from our game. per the protocol outlined by major league baseball's collective bargaining agreement, we will not comment further on this matter." grandal was penalized after testing positive for testosterone. the -year-old cuban participated in games during his rookie season of , hitting .297 with eight home runs and rbi.
__label__non_math	1.0000	lochte to make a splash with '' cameo los angeles -- ryan lochte is dipping his toe into the waters of scripted television. olympic swimmer lochte, who just racked up five medals at the london games, will follow up his triumph at the olympics with an appearance on the cw's "," cbs said on tuesday. lochte will cameo as a guest at a resort where naomi clark annalynne mccord and max miller josh zuckerman are staying in an effort to strengthen their relationship. the episode will air october at p.m. alas, lochte won't be showing off his swimming skills during his appearance. "we only wish the episode was a surf event so we could have gotten him in the water, but he deserves a little rest on dry land," "" executive producers patti carr and lara olsen said of his cameo.
__label__non_math	1.0000	dan dixon has served swedish health services as vice president for external affairs since july , after advising swedish as a consultant for two years. in this role, dixon coordinates public policy and legislative activity for swedish, working closely with the washington state hospital association wsha and other health-care systems as appropriate to ensure that swedish's and the industry's interests are represented with legislators and other policy-makers. the areas of corporate communications, marketing and business development report to him. in addition, he oversees primary care and community outreach for swedish. dixon has more than years of experience in the public and private sectors in law, government relations, business development, finance, international affairs and corporate affairs. he has led the development of major government departments and national investment banking organizations, while successfully leading efforts to build significant business opportunities and addressing numerous complex community issues. dixon was the state of alaska's first director of international trade and investment. in this capacity he was charged with the formation of the state's trade goals and objectives, developing the state's trade policy on behalf of the governor and in concert with the state legislature, instituting a foreign investment campaign, inaugurating and directing alaska's trade offices in tokyo, seoul and taipei and working closely with the governor and legislature on trade and funding issues. in addition to increasing trade, he developed a statewide economic development program. later, dixon practiced law for many years with the firm of foster pepper and shefelman. as a lawyer, investment advisor and general securities principal at the seattle-based law firm, dixon built a leading practice as an authority in domestic and international business, politics, community relations and finance. he inaugurated and helped build the firm's nationally recognized public investment fund practice. "the state budget still says my school, central washington university, is funded for ,808 studentscwu briefing room cwu briefing room a users guide to state government.central today central today - daily update on what's happening on campus - announcements, events, trai
__label__math	0.9581	though i spend a lot of time on the internet, there is still a lot i haven't seen. i read recently about "is anyone up?" which recently decided to shutdown , a website that allowed users to submit nude photographs of others, many of which were referred to as "pornographic souvenirs from relationships gone sour." most posts also began with a screenshot of the person's facebook profile. certainly this should be an illegal act, and the publication is something the victim should be able to stop, but is it too late? are people so used to the idea of the internet being open to nearly any activity that such a statute would change the nature of the internet?
__label__non_math	1.0000	if you do not have an account for warka, please register now it is all quick and easy. only a pen name and a valid email is required if you wish to remain anonymous. registration will give you access to many interactive features such as : - posting messages in ethiopic english on warka forums - live chating in ethiopic english with other members - private messaging in ethiopic english with other members - editing for your own posts on warka forums - better navigation and viewing of warka forums, - protecting your pen name - many more ...
__label__math	0.9954	aliphatic alcohols occur naturally in free form component of the cuticular lipids but more usually in esterified wax esters or etherified form glyceryl ethers . several alcohols belong to aroma compounds which are found in environmental or food systems see the website: flavornet . they are found with normal, branched mono- or isoprenoid , saturated or unsaturated of various chain length and sometimes with secondary or even tertiary alcoholic function. an unusual phenolic alcohol is found as a component of glycolipids in mycobacteria. some cyclic alcohols have been described in plants. a classification according to the carbon-chain structure is given below. - normal-chain alcohols the carbon chain may be fully saturated or unsaturated with double and or triple bonds , it may also be substituted with chlorine, bromine or sulfate groups. some acetylenic alcohols have been also described. among the most common, some are listed below -methyl--hendecanol anteisolauryl alcohol -methyl--tridecanol anteisomyristyl alcohol -methyl--pentadecanol isopalmityl alcohol -methyl--pentadecanol anteisopalmityl alcohol -methyl--heptadecanol isostearyl alcohol -methyl--pentadecanol anteisostearyl alcohol free fatty alcohols are not commonly found in epicuticular lipids of insects, although high molecular weight alcohols have been reported in honeybees blomquist gj et al., insect biochem , , 313 . long-chain alcohols also have been reported in the defensive secretions of scale insects byrne dn et al., physiol entomol , ,267 . typically, insects more commonly produce lower molecular weight alcohols. honeybees produce alcohols of carbons, which induce arrestment in parasitic varroa mites donze g et al., arch insect biochem physiol , , 129 . two female-specific fatty alcohols, docosanol c22 and eicosanol c20 , which have been found in epicuticle of triatoma infestans a vector of chagas disease in south america , are able to trigger copulation in males cocchiararo-bastias l et al., j chem ecol , , 246 . hexadecyl acetate is found in the web of some spiders pholcidae to attract females schulz s, j chem ecol , , . long-chain alcohols c18, c24, c28 from the femoral glands in the male lizard acanthodactylus boskianus play a role in chemical communication as a scent marking pheromone khannoon er et al., chemoecology , , 143 . various fatty alcohols are found in the waxy film that plants have over their leaves and fruits. among them, octacosanol c28: is the most frequently cited. policosanol is a natural mixture of higher primary aliphatic alcohols isolated and purified from sugar cane saccharum officinarum, l. wax, whose main component is octacosanol but contains also hexacosanol c26: and triacontanol or melissyl alcohol c30: . policosanol is also extracted from a diversity of other natural sources such as beeswax, rice bran, and wheat germ irmak s et al., food chem , , 312 but is also present in the fruits, leaves, and surfaces of plants and whole seeds. a complex policosanol mixture has been identified in peanut cherif ao et al., j agric food chem , , . more than aliphatic alcohols were identified c14-c30 and four unsaturated alcohols c20- . the total policosanol content of the whole peanut samples varied from to mg 100 g of oil. this mixture was shown to have cholesterol-lowering effects in rabbits arruzazabala ml et al., biol res , , 205 . octacosanol was also able to suppress lipid accumulation in rats fed on a high-fat diet kato s et al., br j nutr , , 433 and to inhibit platelet aggregation arruzazabala ml et al., thromb res , , 321 . the effectiveness of policosanol is still questionable but it has been approved as a cholesterol-lowering drug in over countries carbajal d et al., prostaglandins leukotrienes essent fatty acids , , , and it is sold as a lipid-lowering supplement in more than countries. more recent studies in mice question about any action on improvement of lipoprotein profiles dullens spj et al., j lipid res , , 790 . the authors conclude that individual policosanols, as well as natural policosanol mixtures, have no potential for reducing coronary heart disease risk through effects on serum lipoprotein concentrations. furthermore, sugar cane policosanol at doses of mg daily has shown no lipid lowering effects in subjects with primary hypercholesterolemia francini-pesenti f et al., phytother res , , 318 . it must be noticed that, for the most part, positive results have been obtained by only one research group in cuba. outside cuba, all groups have failed to validate the cholesterol-lowering efficacy of policosanols marinangeli c et al., crit rev food sci nutr , , 259 . independent studies are required before evaluating the exact value of the therapeutic benefits of that mixture. an unsaturated analogue of octacosanol, octacosa-, -dien--ol was synthesized and was as effective as policosanol in inhibiting the upregulation of hmgcoa reductase oliaro-bosso s et al., lipids , , 907 . this work opens promising perspectives for the design of new antiangiogenic compounds thippeswamy g et al., eur j pharmacol , 588, 141 . an unsaturated analogue of octacosanol, octacosa-, -dien--ol was synthesized and was as effective as policosanol in inhibiting the upregulation of hmgcoa reductase oliaro-bosso s et al., lipids , , 907 . this work opens promising perspectives for the design of new antiangiogenic compounds. -octanol and -octanol are components of the mushroom flavor maga ja, j agric food chem , , . many alcohols in the c10 to c18 range, and their short-chain acid esters are potent sex or aggregation pheromones. they are mainly found as components of specialized defensive glands, pheromone glands or glands of the reproductive system. a series of c22 up to c28 saturated n-alcohols, with even carbon numbers predominating, and a maximum at c26 and c28, has been identified in the cyanobacterium anabaena cylindrica abreu-grobois fa et al., phytochemistry , , 351 . several authors have reported high contents of the :alcohol in sediments where an algal origin is plausible. for example, the major alcohol in a sample of the lacustrine green river shale of eocene age is also :which comprises over of the alcohols present sever jr et al., science , 164, long-chain alcohols are known as major surface lipid components waxes with chains from c20 up to c34 carbon atoms, odd carbon-chain alcohols being found in only low amounts. very long-chain methyl-branched alcohols c38 to c44 and their esters with short-chain acids were shown to be present in insects, mainly during metamorphosis. a series of long-chain alkanols more than carbon atoms were identified in settling particles and surface sediments from japanese lakes and were shown to be produced by planktonic bacteria being thus useful molecular markers fukushima k et al., org geochem , , 311 . cutin and suberin contain as monomer saturated alcohols from c16 to c22 up to of the total polymers. c18:alcohol oleyl alcohol is also present. long-chain di-alcohols ,-alkanediols have been described in the waxes which impregnate the matrix covering all organs of plants vermeer cp et al., phytochemistry , , 433 . these compounds forming about of the leaf cuticular waxes of ricinus communis were identified as homologous unbranched alcohols ranging from c22 to c28 with hydroxyl group at the carbon atoms and . in the leaf cuticular waxes of myricaria germanica tamaricaceae several alkanediols were identified jetter r, phytochemistry , , 169 . hentriacontanediol c31 with one hydroxyl group in the -position and the second one in positions from to is the most abundant diol of the wax . others were far less abundant : c30-c34 alkanediols with one hydroxyl group on a primary and one on a secondary carbon atom, c25-c43 b-diols and c39-c43 g-diols. very-long-chain ,-alkanediols ranging from c28 to c38, with strong predominance of even carbon numbers, were identified in the cuticular wax of taxus baccata wen m et al., phytochemistry , , . the predominant diol had carbon atoms of the total . long-chain saturated c30-c32 diols occur in most marine sediments and in a few instances, such as in black sea sediments, they can be the major lipids de leeuw jw et al., geochim cosmochim acta , , . a microalgal source for these compounds was discovered when volkman jk et al. org geochem , , 131 identified c30-c32 diols in marine eustigmatophytes from the genus nannochloropsis. two nonacosanetriols ,,-nonacosanetriol and ,,-nonacosanetriol have been isolated from the outer fleshy layer sarcotesta of the ginkgo biloba "fruit" zhou g et al., chem phys lipids , 165, 731 . they exhibited slight activity of antithrombin and moderate activities of platelet aggregation in vitro. the chief lipid fraction in the uropygial gland excretion of the domestic hen is a diester wax. the unsaponifiable fraction consists of a series of three homologous compounds, which have been named the uropygiols and identified as ,-alkanediols containing -carbon atoms. these fatty alcohols are esterified by saturated normal c22-c24 fatty acids haahti e et al., j lipid res , , 131 . - unsaturated alcohols some fatty alcohols have one double bond monounsaturated . their general formula is: the unique double bond may be found in different positions: at the c6: i.e. cis--octadecen--ol petroselenyl alcohol , c9 i.e cis--octadecen--ol oleyl alcohol and c11 i.e cis--octadecen--ol vaccenyl alcohol . some of these alcohols have insect pheromone activity. as an example, -eicosen--ol is a major component of the alarm pheromone secreted by the sting apparatus of the worker honeybee. in zooplankton, the cis--docosen--ol : n- alcohol is not only present in high proportion in wax esters to but may be also predominant in free form - of free alcohols in ctenophores graeve m et al., mar biol , 153, 643 . this presence is unexplained because pathways for conversion and catabolism of fatty alcohols in ctenophores are still unknown. some short-chain unsaturated alcohols are components of mushroom flavor, such as -octen--ol, t2-octen--ol, and c2-octen--ol maga ja, j agric food chem , , . an acetoxy derivative of a -carbon alcohol with one double bond, gyptol -acetoxy cis--hexadecen--ol , was described to be a strong attractive substance secreted by a female moth porthetria dispar, "gypsy moth" . a fatty alcohol with two double bonds, bombykol tr-,cis--hexadecadien--ol , was also shown to be excreted as a very strong attractive substance by the female of silk-worm bombyx mori . this first discovery of a pheromone was made by butenandt a et al. z naturforsch , , 283 who was formerly nobel laureate in for his work in sex hormones. another pheromone, ,-dodecadienol codlemone , is secreted by the codling moth cydia pomonella, has been used for monitoring and mating in apple and pear orchards in the usa and europe. this molecule was also used to monitor the population of the pea moth cydia nigricana. likewise, ,-dodecadienol, the female pheromone of the european grapewine moth lobesia botrana, was used to control this important pest in vineyards. a fatty triol with one double bond, avocadene -heptadecene-,,-triol is found in avocado fruit persea americana and has been tested for anti-bacterial and anti-inflammatory properties. these properties are likely related with the curative effects of avocado described for a number of ailments diarrhea, dysentery, abdominal pains and high blood pressure . several others heptadecanols with one primary and two secondary alcohol functions and with one double or triple bond have been identified in the leaves of persea americana lee th et al., food chem , 132, 921 . one or two of these alcohol groups may be acetylated. these compounds may be related to the known antifungal activity of persea leaves. long-chain alkenols c37 to c39 with to double bonds, the reduced form of the alkenones, have been described in the benthic haptophyte chrysotila lamellosa rontani jf et al., phytochemistry , , 117 . al., . c30 to c32 alcohols having one or two double bonds are significant constituents of the lipids of marine eustigmatophytes of the genus nannochloropsis volkman jk et al., org geochem , , 131 . these microalgae could be partially the source of the alkenols found in some marine sediments. two chlorinated derivatives of unusual alcohols were described in a red alga gracilaria verrucosa shoeb m et al., j nat prod , , . both compounds have a c12 aliphatic chain chlorinated in position and with one double bond at carbon compound : -chlorododec--en--ol or two double bonds at carbon and compound : -chlorododec-,-dien--ol . - acetylenic alcohols natural acetylenic alcohols and their derivatives have been isolated from a wide variety of plant species, fungi and invertebrates. pharmacological studies have revealed that many of them display chemical and medicinal properties. monoacetylenic alcohols : were isolated from culture of clitocybe catinus basidiomycetes and the study of their structure revealed the presence of two or three hydroxyl groups armone a et al., phytochemistry , , . one of these compounds is shown below. acetylenic alcohols have been also described in a tropical sponge reniochaline sp lee hs et al., lipids , , . one of the two described in that species is shown below, it exhibited a significant growth effect against human tumor cell lines. polyacetylenic alcohols : several examples with different chain lengths, unsaturation degrees, and substitution have been reported from terrestrial plants and marine organisms. food plants of the apiaceae umbellifereae plant family such as carrots, celery and parsley, are known to contain several bioactive bisacetylenic alcohols. the main plant sources of these compounds are angelica dahurica, heracleum sp and crithmum maritimum falcarindiol, falcarinol , red ginseng panax ginseng panaxacol, panaxydol, panaxytriol , cicuta virosa virol a , and clibadium sylvestre cunaniol . all these compounds display antibiotic or cytotoxic activities. polyacetylenes have been isolated from the stems of oplopanax elatus araliaceae , plant used in korean and chinese traditional medicine for anti-inflammatory and analgesic purposes yang mc et al., j nat prod , , 801 . among the most efficient in inhibiting the formation of nitric oxide in lps-induced cells is a seventeen-carbon diyne diol with an epoxy cycle, oploxyne a. other parent compounds without the epoxy group were also described. j. sci. food agric. , , . falcarinl has potent anticancer properties on primary mammary epithelial cells and was compared with that of b-carotene. these results might be important in developing new cancer treatments with simple and common vegetables. at high concentrations, falcarinol is capable to induce contact dermatitis. falcarinol, a seventeen-carbon diyne fatty alcohol ,-heptadecadiene-,-diyn--ol , was first isolated from falcaria vulgaris bohlmann f et al., chem ber , , as well as from korean ginseng takahashi et al., yakugaku zasshi , , . it was also isolated from carrot hansen sl et al. falcarinol protects the vegetable from fungal diseases, it showed biphasic activity, having stimulatory effects between .and . g per ml and inhibitory effects between and g per ml, whereas b-carotene showed no effect in the concentration range .001 100 g per ml hansen sl et al., j sci food agric , , . experiments with macrophage cells have shown that falcarinol and its c-hydroxylated derivative, falcarindiol reduced nitric oxide production, suggesting that these polyacetylenes are responsible for anti-inflammatory bioactivity metzger bt et al., j agric food chem , , . falcarindiol was first reported as phytochemicals in carrots daucus carota bentley rk et al., j chem soc , 685 . besides falcarinol, falcarindiol, and falcarindiol -acetate, nine additional bisacetylene alcohols were identified in daucus carota schmiech l et al., j agric food chem , , . experiments with human intestinal cells demonstrate that aliphatic c17-polyacetylenes panaxydol, falcarinol, falcarindiol are potential anticancer principles of carrots and related vegetables parsley, celery, parsnip, fennel and that synergistic interaction between bioactive polyacetylenes may be important for their bioactivity purup s et al., j agric food chem , , . compounds very similar to falcarinol and extracted from panax japonicus are potent a-glucosidase inhibitors chan hh et al., phytochemistry , , . these inhibitors may potentially reduce the progression of diabetes by decreasing digestion and absorption of carbohydrates. the water dropwort oenanthe crocata , which lives near streams in the northern hemisphere, contains a violent toxin, cicutoxin, resulting in convultions and respiratory paralysis uwai k et al., j med chem , , . the biochemistry and bioactivity of polyacetylenes are presented in a review christensen lp et al., j pharm biomed anal , , 683 as well methods for the isolation and quantification of these compounds. many other polyacetylenic alcohols were found in primitive marine organisms, such as sponges and ascidians. these invertebrates have no physical defenses and thus they have developed efficient chemical mechanisms such as polyacetylenic metabolites to resist predators and bacteria. a c36 linear diacetylene alcohol named lembehyne was found in an indonesian marine sponge haliclona sp aoki s et al., tetrahedron , , and was later able to induce neuronal differentiation in neuroblastoma cell aoki s et al., biochem biophys res comm , 289, 558 . several polyacetylenic alcohols with carbon atoms were isolated and identified in lipid extract from a red sea sponge, callyspongia sp youssef dt et al., j nat prod , , 679 . their physical study revealed the presence of triple bonds and one, two or three double bonds. the structure of one of these callyspongenols is given below. several di- and tri-acetylenic di-alcohols with a chain of up to carbon atoms, named strongylodiols, have been isolated from a petrosia okinawan marine sponge watanabe k et al., j nat prod , , . some of them have cytotoxic several polyacetylenic alcohols with carbon atoms were isolated from a marine ascidian polyclinidae and were determined to have two triple bonds combined with a conjugated dienyne group gavagnin m et al., lipids , , 681 . some of them have an additional hydroxyl group or only three double bonds. the structure of one of these molecules is given below. several brominated polyacetylenic diols with cytotoxic properties were isolated from a philippines sponge diplastrella sp lerch ml et al., j nat prod , , 667 . one of these molecules is shown below. a comprehensive survey of acetylenic alcohols in plant and invertebrates with information on their anticancer activity has been released by dembitsky vm lipids , , 883 . - sulfated alcohols long-chain di-hydroxy alcohols in which both the primary and secondary hydroxyl groups are converted to sulfate esters and one to five chlorine atoms are introduced at various places have been discovered in the alga ochromonas danica chrysophyceae, chrysophyta where they constitute of the total lipids haines th, biochem j , 113, 565 . an example of these chlorosulfolipids is given below. there may be several types of chlorine addition : one at r4, two at r3 and r5 or r1 and r2, five at r1 to r5 and six at r1 to r6. similar molecules with a carbon chain was also described in ochromonas malhamensis review in dembitsky vm et al., prog lipid res , , 315 and in bedke dk et al., nat prod rep , , . it was suggested that the chlorosulfolipids replace sulfoquinovosyl diglyceride, since when the later is high the former is low and vice versa. they have been associated with the human toxicity of the mussel-derived lipids diarrhetic shellfish poisoning . several of these chlorosulfolipids have also been identified from more than species of both freshwater and marine algae belonging to green chlorophyceae , brown phaeophyceae , red rhodophyceae macrophytic algae mercer ei et al., phytochemistry , , 457 , and other microalgal species mercer ei et al., phytochemistry , , . some fatty alcohols, such as dodecanol lauryl or dodecyl alcohol , are used for the manufacture of detergents after sulphonation by action of so3 gas . the salt sodium laurylsulfate or sodium dodecylsulfate is a detergent and strong anionic surfactant, used in biochemistry and in the composition of cosmetic products shampoos, toothpastes . - branched-chain alcohols in , stodola et al. characterized an optically active substance recovered on saponification of purified waxes of mycobacterium tuberculosis, determined its global formula and proposed to name it phthiocerol stodola fh et al., j biol chem , 114, 467 . in , after several chemical studies, its structure was determined as a mixture of c36 and c34b-glycols. it has been proposed that the term phthiocerol be reserved for the original -methoxy congener phthiocerol a and that the term phthioglycol be used to refer to the family of compounds onwueme kc et al., prog lipid res , , 259 . among the most important saturated isopranols found in plants or in geological sediments are those having two tetrahydrogeraniol , three farnesanol , or four phytanol isoprenoid units. pristanol ,,,-tetramethyl--pentadecanol is tetramethylated but with only three complete isoprenoid units. b - unsaturated polyisoprenoids prenols or polyprenols they have the following general structure : these molecules consist of several up to more than 100 isoprene residues linked head-to-tail, with a hydroxy group at one end a-residue and a hydrogen atom at the other w-end . - . all trans forms : they have the following structure: some important members of the series are as follows: number of isoprene unit number of carbons long-chain trans-polyprenol n have been characterized from eucommia ulmoides. geraniol from rose oil is a monoterpene isoprene units . it has a rose-like odor and is commonly used in perfumes and as several fruit flavors. geraniol is also an effective mosquito repellent. inversely, it can attract bees as it is produced by the scent glands of honey bees to help them mark nectar-bearing flowers and locate the entrances to their hives. farnesol is a sesquiterpene isoprene units . it is the prenol that corresponds to the carbon skeleton of the simplest juvenile hormone described for the first time in insects in schmialek pz, z naturforsch , 16b, 461; wigglesworth vb, j insect physiol , , . it is present in many essential oils such as citronella, neroli, cyclamen, lemon grass, rose, and others. it is used in perfumery to emphasize the odors of sweet floral perfumes. it is especially used in lilac perfumes. as a pheromone, farnesol is a natural pesticide for mites. the dimorphic fungus candida albicans has been shown to use farnesol as quorum-sensing molecule hornby jm et al., appl environ microbiol , , . geranylgeraniol is a diterpene isoprene units . geraniol and geranylgeraniol are important molecules in the synthesis of various terpenes, the acylation of proteins and the synthesis of vitamins vitamins e and k . the covalent addition of phosphorylated derivatives of typical isoprenoids, farnesyl pyrophosphate and geranylgeranyl pyrophosphate, to proteins is a process prenylation common to g protein subunits. these isoprenylated proteins have key roles in membrane attachment leading to central functionality in cell biology and pathology. solanesol, discovered in tobacco leaves in rowland rl et al., j am chem soc , , , may be an important precursor of the tumorigenic polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons of smoke but is also a possible side chain for plastoquinone. solanesol is also present in the leaves of other solanaceae plants including tomato, potato, eggplant and pepper. it has useful medicinal properties and is known to possess anti-bacterial, anti-inflammation, and anti-ulcer activities khidyrova nk et al., chem nat compd , , 107 . industrially, solanesol is extracted from solanaceae leaves about 450 tons in and used as an intermediate in the synthesis of coenzyme q10 and vitamin k analogues. spadicol was discovered in the spadix inflorescence of the araceae arum maculatum hemming fw et al., proc r soc london , 158, 291 . its presence is likely related to its presence in the ubiquinone as the side-chain. phytol is a partially saturated diterpene, a monounsaturated derivative of geranylgeraniol which is part of the chlorophyll molecule : - . ditrans-polycis-prenols, such as the bacteria prenol and betulaprenol types. in general, bacteria, as all prokaryotic cells, possess ditrans-polycis-prenols containing between and units, the most abundant being undecaprenol trivial name bactoprenol . betulaprenols with were isolated from the woody tissue of betula verrucosa wellburn ar et al., nature , 212, , and bacterial polyprenol with were isolated from lactobacillus plantarum gough dp et al., biochem j , 118, 167 . betulaprenol-like species with to isoprene units have been discovered in leaves of ginkgo biloba ibata k et al., biochem j , 213, 305 . polyisoprenoid alcohols are accumulated in the cells most often as free alcohols and or esters with carboxylic acids. a fraction of polyisoprenoid phosphates has also been detected, and this form is sometimes predominant in dividing cells and saccharomyces cerevisiae adair wl et al., arch biochem biophys , 259, 589 . - . tritrans-polycis-prenols, of the ficaprenol type.some of the earliest samples were obtained from ficus elastica, giving rise to the trivial names ficaprenol-and ficaprenol- stone kj et al. biochem j , 102, 325 . in plants, the diversity of polyprenols is much broader, their chain length covers the broad spectrum of compounds ranging from up to 130 carbon atoms rezanka t et al., j chromatogr a , 936, . - . dolichol types, the a terminal is saturated. most eukaryotic cells contain one type of polyisoprenoid alcohols with one a-saturated isoprenoid unit ,-dihydro polycis-prenols which have been called dolichol by pennock jf et al. nature , 186, 470 , a derivative of prenols. most of these carry two trans units at the w-end of the chain. dolichols fro the greek dolikos: long have the general structure : dolichols isolated from yeast or animal cells consist mainly of seven to eight compounds, those with , , or isoprenoid units being the most abundant ragg ss, biochem biophys res comm , 243, . dolichol amount was shown to be increased in the brain gray matter of elderly pullarkat rk et al., j biol chem , 257, . dolichols with , and isoprenoid units were described as early as in marine invertebrates walton mj et al., biochem j , 127, 471 . furthermore, the pattern of their distribution may be considered as a chemotaxonomic criterion. it has been reported that a high proportion of dolichols is esterified to fatty acids. as an example, - of dolichols are esterified in mouse testis potter j et al., biochem biophys res comm , 110, 512 . in addition, dolichyl dolichoate has been found in bovine thyroid steen l. et al., biochim biophys acta, , 796, 294 . they are well known for their important role as glycosyl carrier in a phosphorylated form in the synthesis of polysaccharides and glycoproteins in yeast cells, and animals. dolichyl phosphate is an obligatory intermediate in the biosynthesis of n-glycosidically linked oligosaccharide chains. conversely, they have been identified as the predominant isoprenoid form in roots skorupinska-tudek k et al., lipids , , 981 and in mushroom tissue wojtas m et al., chem phys lipids , 130, 109 . similar compounds ficaprenols have the same metabolic function in plants. the repartition of the various types of polyisoprenoid alcohols between plants and animals and their metabolism have been extensively discussed swiezewska e et al., prog lipid res , , 235 . biosynthesis of polyisoprenoid alcohols and their biological role have been reviewed in swiezewska e et al., prog lipid res , , 235 . - phenolic alcohols among the simple phenolic alcohols, monolignols are the source materials for biosynthesis of both lignans and lignin. the starting material for production of monolignols phenylpropanoid is the amino acid phenylalanine. there are two main monolignols: coniferyl alcohol and sinapyl alcohol. para-coumaryl alcohol is similar to conipheryl alcohol but without the methoxy group. conipheryl alcohol is found in both gymnosperm and angiosperm plants. sinapyl alcohol and para-coumaryl alcohol, the other two lignin monomers, are found in angiosperm plants and grasses. conipheryl esters conypheryl -methylnonanoate have been described in the fruits of the pepper, capsicum baccatum kobata k et al., phytochemistry , , . these compounds displayed an agonist activity for transient receptor potential vanilloid capsaicin receptor as the well known capsaicinoids present in these plant species. complex phenolic alcohols phenolphthiocerol were shown to be components of mycobacterium glycolipids which are termed glycosides of phenolphthiocerol dimycocerosate smith dw et al., nature , 186, 887 belonging to the large family of "mycosides". the chain length differs according to the homologues, and carbon atoms in mycosides a, and b, respectively. one of these phenolphthiocerols is shown below. an analogue component but with a ketone group instead of the methoxy group, a phenolphthiodiolone, has been detected in mycoside a fournie jj et al., j biol chem , 262, . an alcohol with a furan group, identified as - -methylfuran--yl propan--ol, has been isolated from a fungal endophyte living in a plant, setaria viridis nakajima h et al., j agric food chem , , . that compound was found to have a repellent effect on an insect, eysarcoris viridis, which is a major pest of rice. some cyclic alkyl polyols have been reported in plants. among the various form present in an anacardiaceae, tapirira guianensis, from south america, two displayed anti-protozoal plasmodium falciparum and anti-bacterial staphylococcus spp activities roumy v et al., phytochemistry , , 305 . the structure shown below is that of a trihydroxy-alcohol containing a cyclohexene ring. as emphasized by the authors, external application of the active plant extract or of the purified compounds could represent an accessible therapeutic alternative to classical medicine against leishmaniasis. aldehydes are found in free form, but also in the form of vinyl ether known as alk--enyl ether integated in glycerides and phospholipids plasmalogens . the free aldehydes can be as fatty acids saturated or unsaturated. they have a general formula ch3 ch2 ncho with to or greater. the most common is palmitaldehyde hexadecanal with a carbon chain. normal monoenoic aldehydes are analogous to the monoenoic fatty acids. it must be noticed that an aldehyde function may be found at a terminal w position while an acid function is present at the other end of the carbon chain oxo fatty acids . these compounds have important signaling properties in plants. long-chain aldehydes have been described in the waxes which impregnate the matrix covering all organs of plants vermeer cp et al., phytochemistry , , 433 . these compounds forming about of the leaf cuticular waxes of ricinus communis were identified as homologous unbranched aldehydes ranging from c22 to c28 with a hydroxyl group at the carbon . long-chain -hydroxyaldehydes with chain lengths from c24 to c36, the c28 chain being the most abundant, were identified in the cuticular wax of taxus baccata needles wen m et al., phytochemistry , , . long-chain aliphatic aldehydes with chain-length from c22 to c30 are also present in virgin olive oils, hexacosanal c26 being the most abundant aldehyde perez-camino mc et al., food chem , 132, . aldehydes may be produced during decomposition of fatty acid hydroperoxides following a peroxidation attack. several aldehydes hexanal, heptanal.. belong to aroma compounds which are found in environmental or food systems see the website: flavornet . aldehydes mono- or di-unsaturated with to carbon atoms are produced by mosses bryophyta after mechanical wounding croisier e et al., phytochemistry , , 574 . it was shown that they were produced by oxidative fragmentation of polyunsaturated fatty acids c18, c20 . trans--nonenal is an unsaturated aldehyde with an unpleasant odor generated during the peroxidation of polyunsaturated fatty acids. it participates to body odor and is found mainly covalently bound to protein in vivo ishino k et al., j biol chem , 285, . fatty aldehydes may be determined easily by tlc or gas liquid chromatography follow that link . the most common method for the determination of aldehydes involves derivatization with an acidic solution of ,-dinitrophenylhydrazine to form corresponding hydrazones followed by hplc separation and uv vis detection. an optimized derivatization procedure for the determination of aliphatic c1-c10 aldehydes has been described stafiej a et al., j biochem biophys meth , , . other short-chain aldehydes octadienal, octatrienal, heptadienal are produced via a lipoxygenase-mediated pathway from polyunsaturated fatty acids esterifying glycolipids in marine diatoms d'ippolito g et al., biochim biophys acta , , 100 . heighteen species of diatoms have been shown to release unsaturated aldehydes c7:, c8:, c8:, c10:, and c10: upon cell disruption wichard t et al., j chem ecol , , 949 . several short-chain aldehydes were shown to induce deleterious effects on zooplankton crustaceans and thus limiting the water secondary production birth-control aldehydes d'ippolito g et al., tetrahedron lett , , . in laboratory experiments, three decatrienal isomers produced by various diatoms were shown to arrest embryonic development in copepod and sea urchins and have antiproliferative and apoptotic effects on carcinoma cells miralto a et al., nature , 402, 173 . later, the copepod recruitment in blooms of planktonic diatom was shown to be suppressed by ingestion of dinoflagellate aldehydes nature , 429, 403 . it was demonstrated that diatoms can accurately sense a potent 2e,4e z-decadienal and employ it as a signaling molecule to control diatom population sizes vardi a et al., plos biol , , e60 . this aldehyde triggered a dose-dependent calcium transient that has derived from intracellular store. subsequently, calcium increase led to nitric oxide no generation by a calcium-dependent no synthase-like activity, resulting in cell death in diatoms. myeloperoxidase-derived chlorinated aldehydes with plasmalogens has been reported. thus, the vinyl-ether bond of plasmalogens is susceptible to attack by hocl to yield a lysophospholipid and an both these chloro-fatty aldehydes have been detected in neutrophils activated ak et al., j biol chem , 277, and in human atherosclerotic ak et al., circulation , 108, . furthermore, -chlorohexadecanal was shown to induce cox-expression in human coronary artery endothelial cells messner mc et al., lipids , , 581 . these data suggest that -chlorohexadecanal and possibly its metabolite -chlorohexadecanoic acid, both produced during leukocyte activation, may alter vascular endothelial cell function by upregulation of cox-expression. long after the demonstration of the presence of iodinated lipids in thyroid besides iodinated aminoacids , it was shown that the major iodinated lipid formed in thyroid when incubated in vitro with iodide was -iodohexadecanal pereira a et al, j biol chem , 265, . in rat and dog thyroid, -iodooctadecanal was determined to be more abundant that the -carbon aldehyde. these compounds, which are thought to play a role in the regulation of thyroid function, were recently shown to be formed by the attack of reactive iodine on the vinyl ether group of pe plasmalogen. this attack generates an unstable iodinated derivative which breaks into lysophosphatidylethanolamine and -iodo aldehydes panneels v et al, j biol chem , 271, . in some bacteria, aldehyde analogs of cyclopropane fatty acids were described. several fatty aldehydes are known to have pheromone functions. studies in african and asian countries have shown that the use of ,-hexadecadienal could be effective for control of the spiny bollworm earias insulana, a cotton pest. the sex pheromone of the navel orange worm, amyelois transitella, ,-hexadecadienal, is usually used in the control of this citric pest. a branched saturated aldehyde ,,-trimethyldodecenal, stylopsal has been identified as a female-produced sex pheromone in stylops strepsiptera , an entomophagous endoparasitic insect cvacka j et al., j chem ecol , , . several isoprenoid aldehydes are important in insect biology as pheromones and in botany as volatile odorous substances. some examples are given below: these three terpenic aldehydes are produced in large amounts by the mandibular glands of ants and may function as defensive repellents regnier fe et al., j insect physiol , , 955 . in contrast, the same molecules have a role of recruiting pheromones in honeybees citral, a mixture of the tautomers geranial trans-citral and neral cis-citral is a major component more than of the lemongrass cymbopogon flexuosus oil. lemongrass is widely used, particularly in southeast asia and brazil, as a food flavoring, as a perfume, and for its medicinal properties analgesic and anti-inflammatory . it was found that citral is a major suppressor of cox-expression and an activator of ppara and g katsukawa m et al., biochim biophys acta , , . it was demonstrated that damaged leaves released -hexenal, among other c6-volatile aldehydes, produced from the catalytic activity of hydroperoxide lyase turlings tc et al., proc ntl acad sci usa , , . these compounds, considered as signal molecules, can trigger several responses in neighboring plants and may also act as antimicrobial agents farmer ee, nature , 411, 854 . one important constituent of this group of aldehydes is retinal, one active form of vitamin a involved in the light reception of animal eyes but also in bacteria as a component of the proton pump. retinal exist in two forms, a cis and a trans isomer. on illumination with white light, the visual pigment, rhodopsin is converted to a mixture of a protein opsin and trans-retinal. this isomer must be transformed into the cis form by retinal isomerase before it combines again with opsin dark phase . both isomers can be reduced to retinol vitamin a by a nadh dependent alcohol dehydrogenase. retinol is stocked in retina mainly in an acylated form. cinnamic aldehyde cinnamaldehyde is the key flavor compound in cinnamon essential oil extracted from cinnamomum zeylanicum and cinnamomum cassia bark. investigations have revealed than that benzyl aldehyde activates the nrf2-dependent antioxidant response in human epithelial colon cells wondrak gt et al., molecules , , . cinnamic aldehyde may therefore represent a precious chemopreventive dietary factor targeting colorectal carcinogenesis.
__label__non_math	1.0000	' ' multi rack cybex strength-training equipment is a top choice among athletes and teams in the nfl, nba, nhl, and mlb, as well as the nation's top collegiate athletic programs. big iron is part of their arsenal to train great athletes. - choose custom frame color or add your teams logo to match the look and feel of your weight room. - designed to survive the heavyweight workouts of the most demanding college and pro athletes. - uprights built with gauge steel for ultimate durability.
__label__non_math	1.0000	our spring and summer has been overflowing with beautiful, romantic weddings here are some shots of shannon and matt's wedding reception held on a perfect day here at cyc. the bride and groom are a wonderful couple and friends and family enjoyed each other 's company as well as spectacular marina views and chef's hector's delicious cuisine. enjoy the shots provided by lovely leaf studios......and cheers to shannon and matt
__label__non_math	0.9003	don't settle for anything less than the pure speed weaponry that is zipp's 303 tubular. you'll need a set for each of your four bikes, and for each possible tire option. order sets for ,600 total - you must login to comment... powered by flocasts
__label__non_math	0.9985	the immune system immune; immunity; disease; bacteria; viruses; white; cells; lymph; germs; mucous; mucus; glands; what is immunity? immunity say im-yoon-it-i means that you are protected against something. there are different kinds of immunity. this topic is about how different parts of our bodies work together to keep us from getting sick. immunity to some diseases is passed on from our mothers before we are born. immunisation having your 'shots' helps our body's immune defence system protect us from diseases . body's immune system every body has an inbuilt immune system which protects it from diseases and germs. this system has a lot of different parts which work together to keep out any harmful germs, and attack and destroy any which manage to get inside your body - every day your body is exposed to millions of germs, and you do not get sick from them because of your immune system. - every time you do get sick because of a germ, your immune system works to get rid of it and then it remembers how to fight the infection if the same germ comes again. - usually the older you get, the more germs you become immune to. so, let's have a look at the immune system, starting from the outside of the body. the skin is the first line of defence in your immune system. you know how you put plastic wrap over leftovers to keep them fresh enough for later? well, your skin is like a plastic wrap to keep germs from getting into your body. - the epidermis outside layer of skin has special cells which warn the body about incoming germs. - glands in the skin also make substances that can kill some bacteria anti-bacterial chemicals . this means you don't get infections on your skin unless your skin is damaged, such as by a cut or a graze. your nose, mouth and eyes are the next point of attack. - the mucous membranes which line the mouth, throat, lungs and bowel, act like a barrier to germs, just as the skin does. - saliva in the mouth and the tears which wash your eyes have special enzymes chemicals in them which break down the cell walls of many bacteria and viruses. - the mucous that is made in your nose, throat and lungs traps bacteria, viruses and dust. - acid in your stomach kills most germs, and starts to digest your food. - lymph limf is a clear fluid that is very similar to blood plasma, the clear liquid in blood, but it carries only white blood cells, not red blood cells. - the lymph flows through all the parts of the body picking up fluid around cells and carrying it back to large veins near the heart. it also carries white blood cells to the places that they are needed. - some bacteria or viruses that have entered the body are collected by the lymph and passed on to the lymph nodes where they are filtered out and destroyed. lymph nodes are sometimes called glands. your doctor can often tell if you have an infection by checking out the lymph nodes glands in your neck and under your arms to see if they're swollen. if they are, it shows that they are working to get rid of bacteria or viruses. in your blood you have red blood cells and white blood cells, and in lymph there are white blood cells. there are several different types of white cells which work together to seek out and destroy bacteria and viruses. all of them start off in the bone marrow, growing from 'stem cells'. the disease-fighting white blood cells are specialists. some of the white blood cells are: - neutrophils say new-tro-fills , which move around the body in the blood and seek out foreign material things that don't belong in your body . - macrophages say mak-row-far-jes are the biggest blood cells. some live in different parts of the body and help to keep it clean, eg. in the lungs. others swim around cleaning up other white blood cells that have been damaged while doing their jobs, eg. cleaning up pus that has been caused by neutrophils when they work to clear out bacteria from a wound. - lymphocytes say lim-fo-sites work on bacterial and viral infections there are two different types: - b cells produce antibodies. each cell watches out for a particular germ, and when that germ arrives, the cell starts to produce more antibodies which begin the process of killing that germ. antibodies attach themselves to the germs so that other cells can recognise that these germs need to be destroyed. - t cells look for cells in your body that are hiding invaders germs or body cells that are different to normal healthy cells such as cells that could develop into a cancer and kill them. does your immune system know which cells to attack? your body has lots of friendly bacteria around it which help your body work properly - eg. some bacteria inside your bowel help you to digest your food and break it up into the different things that are needed in various parts of the body. - these friendly bacteria live on the surfaces of the body, such as on our skin or inside the bowel. - they do not try to invade the body, so the immune system does not try to get rid of them. - other germs which cause illness, try to enter the body. - antibodies, which are made by the lymphocytes, attach to the invaders so that the other white blood cells can destroy them. they 'tag' them so they can be easily noticed. as well as attacking germs, your immune system recognises and destroys other cells which do not belong in your body. - the cells in your own body are marked with a special system called human leukocyte antigen or hla say hew-man lew-ko-site anti-jen . - your immune system can recognise these markings as 'you'. any cells which do not have the right markings are 'not you' and are therefore attacked.this happens if, for example, you have a blood transfusion with the wrong types of blood cells. your body's immune system recognises that these cells do not belong in your body, so it destroys them. how you know your immune system is working you know your immune system is working: - if you get better after you are sick - if cuts heal without getting infected - if you don't catch the same diseases over and over again - when you get swollen glands - when you get swelling and soreness around a cut. your immune system is in there working to get rid of any infection. when things go wrong with the immune system sometimes the immune system will make a mistake. - it may attack your own body as if it were the enemy, eg. insulin dependent diabetes the type that most often starts in children and young people is caused by the immune system attacking the cells in the pancreas that make insulin. - allergies are caused by the immune system over-reacting to something that is not really a threat, like when pollen triggers hay fever or asthma. - if tissue is transplanted from one person to another - eg. a skin or organ transplant - then the immune system will attack the new part. the immune system has to be suppressed by drugs to allow the transplant to work. - when the immune system is damaged, such as when people have a serious illness called aids, they get lots of infections and are much more likely to get cancers. their body cannot recognise the infection or abnormal cells very well and the immune system does not destroy them as well as usual. the immune system is absolutely amazing. it deals with millions of bacteria and viruses every day to keep us healthy. keeping up to date with immunisations can help your body to build immunity to some serious diseases too. we've provided this information to help you to understand important things about staying healthy and happy. however, if you feel sick or unhappy, it is important to tell your mum or dad, a teacher or another grown-up.
__label__non_math	0.9993	choosing a television cabinet selecting audio visual furniture is slightly different than other types of furnishings. aside from the furniture fitting into the room it s intended for, all of our audio and visual components must also fit properly into the various shelves, stands, and cabinets within the items you purchase. here are a few things to consider prior to making a purchase: it s extremely important to keep in mind that televisions, and the cabinets that display them, are measured differently. tvs are measured diagonally across the screen while tv furniture is typically measured in length and height. for this reason it is highly recommended that your tv be purchased in advance of the television cabinet so that you know it s exact dimensions ahead of time. measuring the diagonal tv s are measured diagonally across the screen. when a tv is said to be inches, this means that it spans this length from one corner of the monitor to the diagonally opposing corner. be sure that you take measurements of both the length and height of your television prior to purchasing a cabinet for it. just like any other type of furniture, a tv cabinet can come in different configurations. these will vary from manufacturer to manufacturer. your choice will mostly depend on which style you think will fit best with your space, however there are certain additional considerations that should be made prior to a purchase: storage types, style and personal taste south shore furniture, sauder, sonax, and home styles are some of our most popular manufacturers of televisions stands and cabinets. items by these brands come in all shapes and sizes. most customers prefer these items in chocolate, dark wood, oak, or antique finishes. black and white are the most popular colors.
__label__non_math	1.0000	newspaperarchive.com - explore historical newspapers online the world's largest online newspaper archive. featuring billions of articles from historical newspapers around the u.s. and the world. this unique archive spans more than 400 years of family history, small-town events, world news and more. searchable database with the number of results shown, images available with a fee-based subscription.
__label__math	0.8073	lejeune carroll reed, , and gary lane whitaker, , married . sherri arlene murphy, , and alan gene sharp, , married . tanya lourae rogers, , and joseph walter rose, , married . rada michele baker, , and robert joseph barrett, , married . christine ann donegan kush , , and kerry martin florence, , married . amanda gail mccarty, , and carl henry porter, , married . if you currently subscribe or have subscribed in the past to the cynthiana democrat, then simply find your account number on your mailing label and enter it below. click the question mark below to see where your account id appears on your mailing label. if you are new to the award winning cynthiana democrat and wish to get a subscription or simply gain access to our online content then please enter your zip code below and continue to setup your account.
__label__non_math	1.0000	please join us for upcoming screenings of our documentary, airplay: the rise and fall of rock radio. our film festival screenings: coney island film festival sunday, coney island museum, surf ave. 2nd floor dixie film festival athens, ga friday, fliff fort lauderdale international film festival tuesday, airplay: the rise and fall of rock radio, a new documentary by filmmakers carolyn travis and chris fox gilson of travisty productions, takes viewers on a high energy journey through rock radio s impact on american society--from spreading black music to white america in the 1950s to fanning the flames of 60s rebellion to the uncensored personalities and playlists of satellite radio today. packed with insider stories from iconic deejays of the past fifty years, airplay persuasively links the pioneers of music radio to the seismic cultural shifts of integration, the struggle to end the vietnam war, and the corporatizing of america. airplay chronicles the innocent years of am radio personalities like cousin brucie, murray the k, dan ingram, jerry blavat, casey kasem, dick biondi, rick shaw and wolfman jack, the payola scandal, top , the rise of progressive fm deejays like san francisco s tom donahue, the takeover of radio music by corporate giants and the new voice of rock radio through satellite. rockin with fabulous radio songs by the kinks, donna summer and ll cool j, and spiced with famous music personalities including fabian, lesley gore, pat boone, grace slick, david crosby, bob weir from the grateful dead, and ray manzarek of the doors, the film takes viewers deep inside the rock radio phenomenon. travisty productions makes documentaries that dig below the surface of pop culture including rock radio revolution, rock jocks: the fm revolution, and wildwood days. their films, which have appeared on pbs public television stations nationwide, have garnered numerous awards and were screened by the museums of radio and television in new york and los angeles. travis is a former news producer, capitol hill reporter and was an on-air radio personality herself, for 96x-fm in miami. gilson, a former madison avenue creative director and global-production executive, also authored best-sellers sold to disney and new line studios. for more information, visit
__label__non_math	0.9999	nfl.com news: tanard jackson cut by buccaneers after failed physical tanard jackson cut by buccaneers after failed physical the tampa bay buccaneers have released safety tanard jackson after a failed physical, the team announced tuesday. "i was a little shocked, but the person i am, i accept how it comes," jackson told the tampa bay times. "i realize it's a business. it's hard to be too upset with the decision because of what i've been through, and i have no hard feelings toward the organization and wish them the best. "i really don't know, maybe it was because i wasn't doing rehab here in tampa after surgery but doing it in new orleans with trainers up there. they just said they were going in a different direction. that's the way it was given to me." just three months removed from shoulder surgery, jackson's timeline wouldn't have permitted him to be ready to pass a physical at this time, his agent, peter schaffer, told nfl network insider jason la canfora. schaffer said jackson will be 100 percent recovered this offseason and anticipates several teams being interested in the young safety, who has been an impact player when healthy. jackson didn't make it to the first week of the bucs' offseason workouts. bucs general manager mark dominik said the team wasn't happy with jackson's growth on and off the field, according to the times. the gm also reportedly was unaware of a failed drug test or impending sanctions from the nfl. jackson was suspended for a year in for violating the nfl's substance-abuse policy. he started games last season and had tackles and two interceptions. the bucs gave jackson a one-year extension through last october. "man, my shoulder has been injured since 'and something that i put off and i played through a series of injuries," jackson said. "not to make excuses for the way i played, but i had a lot of injuries last year, two bad hamstrings and a torn rotator cuff. my body feels good right now. obviously, there's more work to do, but i'll be ready to play football."
__label__non_math	1.0000	topps football 362 franco harris psa gem mt this topps football 362 franco harris pittsburgh steelers card has been graded a psa gem mt and is a great card to add to your collection. he was enshrined into the hall of fame in . our inventory of graded vintage football cards is constantly updated, please keep checking back periodically for new vintage singles. - manufacturer: topps
__label__non_math	1.0000	preparation time: minutes, cooking time: -minutes, yield: -servings - cups cubed, day-old bread - cup butter - cups chopped onion - cup diced celery - cup diced carrot - large egg, beaten - teaspoons fresh sage, chopped - teaspoons salt - teaspoon ground pepper - - cup reserved drippings from turkey pan tip: additional seasonings may be added to the stuffing. we prefer fresh to dried herbs. good ones to try are italian parsley, thyme, basil, oregano, tarragon, chives or green onion, chervil, and rosemary. preheat oven to 325 f on pure convection or convection bake . place bread cubes on a baking sheet and dry in oven for -minutes. transfer bread to a large mixing bowl and reserve. melt butter in large saut pan. add onion, carrots, and celery, and cook for minutes, until translucent. add to bread cubes and toss. add egg and adjust seasonings with sage, salt, and pepper. add just enough pan drippings to moisten the bread. pour mixture into x " pan and bake until a toothpick comes out clean, about -minutes.
__label__non_math	1.0000	spartans undefeated no more sycamore the sycamore football team couldn t have asked for much more out of its defense friday night against ottawa. facing an offense that averaged almost points a game through the first four weeks, sycamore held the pirates to a mere points. but two special teams miscues proved to be the difference-makers. a bad snap on a punt in the first quarter and a muffed punt return in the third quarter twice set up ottawa with good field position, and the pirates did just enough in a -win over sycamore. we fit in our gaps and played together very well, stuck it to them, sophomore linebacker brett weaver said. we played together as a team. if you have any technical difficulties, either with your username and password or with the payment options, please contact us by e-mail at email
__label__non_math	1.0000	radon, a silent killer in homes dekalb many homeowners take precautions to protect themselves. they lock their doors at night, turn off and unplug appliances and regularly test their smoke detectors. radon isn t something many homeowners consider a danger in their homes, but it could be harming them the most. radon is a colorless, odorless naturally occurring gas found in uranium in soil. the gas often seeps through cracks in a house s foundation or other areas exposed to soil. the health risks associated with radon are not immediate but rather a result of continuous exposure over a long period of time. if you have any technical difficulties, either with your username and password or with the payment options, please contact us by e-mail at firstname.lastname
__label__non_math	1.0000	cincinnati ap -- actor-director emilio estevez ee'-mihl-ee-oh es-tay'-vez will shoot a movie about harness racing in the cincinnati area. it's called "johnny longshot" and is set to start filming in january. the cast, locations and other details weren't released thursday. ohio development officials say the family-friendly movie will receive an ohio motion picture tax credit of nearly .million and will hire about ,500 cast, crew and extras. ohio in recent years has lured filming of other movies including "the avengers" and "the ides of march." estevez says his movie will be about a retired jockey getting into harness racing. his previous roles included a youth hockey coach in "the mighty ducks." brother charlie sheen played a cleveland indians pitcher in "major league." their father, actor martin sheen, is a native of dayton.
__label__non_math	1.0000	people learn to develop and articulate their story through the program so they can go into the community and tell their story, director james guffey said of the program. joel slack, the founder of respect international and instructor of this week s program, said it was important for those who have faced mental health and or substance abuse challenges to learn to tell their story and to reach out to the community in an effort to change the stigmatization associated with mental illnesses or addiction. those who spoke during friday s ceremony, held at the bartow county agriculture building, shared personal experiences of trauma, physical abuse, prior hospitalization and how they have worked through the problems associated with self-medicating through drugs and alcohol. i don t know how anybody could feel like they are part of a community if they have to hide a story about themselves, slack said. ... this is an opportunity for people to explain how they have seen their life experiences and make peace with their past. christine farnum said working with the local center, along with the aid of the respect program, has helped her grow as a person my world became very dark in the shell of a body that was once filled with so much light, farnum said. my guilt, shame and codependency had me trapped in my own personal prisons, demons and all. she spoke on how she repeated behavior of becoming involved in abusive relationships and using drugs in between being prescribed antipsychotic medication and seeking therapy. farnum said she was introduced to the cartersville center during a treatment program she attended in . i was able to stay out of the hospital for over a year by using the center when i felt i needed it, farnum said. i finally had people that believed in me and treated me with dignity and respect. they showed me ways to overcome my weaknesses and confront my fears. guffey further explained the purpose of the center as well as how it operates. we re a non-traditional provider for services, we have wellness activities throughout the day, we have a warm line that people can call to get support over the phone, and we have a thing called respite where people can stay up to seven nights if approved and it s completely free, guffey said. we re completely funded through a government contract. he said the center serves about nine to clients a day. everybody that works at the center is a certified peer specialist, and what that means is we re all people who are living with a mental health challenge or substance abuse problem and basically we re there to provide peer support, guffey said. for more information about the peer support, wellness and respite center, call 770-276-. the number also is the organization s -hour warm line.
__label__non_math	1.0000	a collection of news and information related to bill miller published by this site and its partners. displaying items -of view all items daily american staff writerbruce maust's sister said she was elated when she received the call wednesday that he was found alive. "it's a miracle, it really is," nicole maust eusantos said. maust, , of jennerstown, was reported missing after he went for a snowmobile ride... dorothy evelyn reese nee miller passed away peacefully in stow, ohio on at the age of , to be joined with frank, her late husband of years. dorothy was a homemaker who loved her flowers, gardening and crocheting. she spent many... lester and laverne coslic of berlin are celebrating years of marriage. they were married , at the friedens lutheran church. laverne is the daughter of harry and nora suder. she is a homemaker. lester is the son of john and gladys coslic.... tags: friedens, human interest original site for bill miller topic gallery.
__label__non_math	0.9998	california state university students who engaged in a weeklong hunger strike over soaring tuition and high executive pay have called it quits. the dozen students at six campuses - including california state university, dominguez hills, in carson - convinced csu to consider one demand: extending free speech areas. but they failed to get the university to freeze tuition, safeguard current classes and cut administrator pay and perks. antoine wilson, a -year-old senior at the carson campus, broke his fast with a thursday dinner of vegetable broth. he said doctors advised students to return to their normal diets. he said the strike was worth the effort. "it was an extremely successful campaign for us," wilson said. "we brought a lot of exposure to the issue ... of executive compensation and the chancellor's office mismanagement of state and student funds." donnie bessom, , a student organizer at cal state long beach, also dropped out thursday. "as a group, i know some people are holding out till the end of friday ," bessom said. "i had to drop out for health reasons. but it was definitely worth it." the hunger strike, augmented by drinking fresh fruit and vegetable juice, was launched may by students for quality education in response to years of funding cuts. "we actually are having another meeting with the chancellor in the next couple weeks and we were contacted by gavin newsom, who the cal state system has sustained billion in cuts since , with more expected. the cutbacks have compelled administrators to raise fees, slash staff, cut admissions and freeze enrollment next spring at campuses attended by 400,000 students. the striking students had demanded a five-year freeze in student fee hikes, a scuttling of car and housing allowances for campus presidents, a reduction in administrative salaries before further class cuts and free-speech rights broadened to entire campuses. last week, csu chancellor charles reed met with students and agreed to extend free-speech rights, which means people may be able to hand out fliers or set up booths in busier areas of campus. on friday, officials were relieved by the pending close of the hunger strike. "there is a sense of relief in that, hopefully, there will be no long-term damage that the students will have brought on themselves," said mike uhlenkamp, a spokesman for the university system. "first and foremost, we've always been concerned about their health." what especially rankled students was a 318 percent rise in tuition since as executive salaries soared. this fall, the tab for one undergraduate year will increase another percent, to ,017. current salaries for csu presidents range from 400,000. this week, cal state trustees voted new campus presidents can get a percent raise - but only if paid for by nonprofit foundation funds. bessom said striking students learned not to expect instant gratification - that change takes time - with thousands of students recruited for next year. "our demands aren't off the table," said bessom, a graduate student in political science. "we will keep fighting." the student fasts had varying endurance, students said. one went to the hospital tuesday for symptoms related to her fast. "it was very empowering but also very humbling," dorado said. "my energy level is normally pretty high but this made me slow down." dorado said students were heartened by an outpouring of support from the university community. she's easing off her hunger strike slowly with heavier liquids. but she hopes soon to enjoy some rice, beans and cheese enchiladas - or her mom's mashed potatoes. for bessom, it was more than a lesson in civic protest. "my blood pressure was really high," said bessom, who ended his fast with a salad. "my stomach was really bad, pain. and i was dizzy. i felt like i was going to faint. "i'm actually dreaming of a big meal: steak, mashed potatoes with gravy." staff writer donna littlejohn contributed to this article.
__label__non_math	1.0000	a deputy from the carson sheriff's station who was assisting in the service of a search warrant during a narcotics investigation in los angeles was bitten by a pit bull wednesday. the incident occurred around p.m., but officials declined to say precisely where it happened. the deputy was helping to contain six pit bulls when one of them became agitated and bit him on the right elbow area and his left middle finger, said deputy kim manatt of the sheriff's headquarters bureau. he was taken to a hospital, where he was treated and released, manatt said. the dogs were removed by county animal care and control officers, she said. it was unclear what would happen to them. detectives arrested three people on suspicion of felony narcotics violations and one for a parole violation, manatt said. - city news service
__label__non_math	0.9969	earlier this year, puc president michael peevey told edison they had to provide the information by . now edison has to "prepare testimony" based on preliminary engineering studies of options for running transmission lines underground by dec. . moreover, edison has to provide the puc a rate recovery proposal and a detailed report describing the cost and scope of the materials and service contracts, and the associated timing required for such contracts, that are required to install an underground transmission option for the section of the tehachapi renewable transmission project, according to puc documents. the new puc order came on nov. . the .billion tehachapi project aims to carry wind-generated electricity from kern county to the los angeles basin. edison already has started extending the towers about five miles into the right-of-way. but city officials and the grassroots group hope for the hills have advocated building the project underground. chino hills officials have spent more than million battling edison in a lawsuit for two years insisting the right-of-way is too narrow for the proposed 198-foot towers and that it causes safety hazards.
__label__non_math	0.9998	on nov. , i intend to vote not as a republican or democrat, but rather as a father. as a father, one of my greatest concerns is with the safety of my children. i intend to vote for the candidate who has a clear understanding of this nation's enemies and allies. i want to ensure that my children will have greater opportunities to be successful than i had, and i am voting for the candidate who understands the importance of creating wealth not destroying or redistributing it. with my children, i try to instill a strong moral foundation so that it may serve as a guiding light in their lives. i want a president who understands that our nation's founding beliefs and documents have served as that guiding light to this country. make no mistake, our great nation is at a crossroads and our vote this november will help guide the direction of this nation. our vote will determine what sort of future our children will inherit. we must decide which candidate will better serve our children. we must choose between the candidate who believes in american exceptionalism, or the current president who has spent the last four years "fundamentally transforming" this country away from the ideas that made this nation the most prosperous in history. on nov. , i will vote because, as a father, i know how important this election is for my
__label__non_math	0.9995	a kid smiles at him and it makes his day. so this time of the year, lozano can be seen with a smile from ear to ear just about every day. lozano is longtime member of the redlands police department's citizens volunteer patrol and over the years he has embraced a few projects and made them his own - the annual christmas block party among them. "it's a passion," lozano said. "i don't get paid for any of the work i do and i don't care about that. what i get out of it is a lot better than any feeling in the world. to be in my position is a great feeling." in addition to the christmas block party, lozano conducts the bike rodeo safety program, the cesar chavez memorial breakfast at american legion post 650 and the back to school jam a backpack giveaway . "the block party is about years old but with budget cutbacks last year there was a strong likelihood that it would not take place," officer travis martinez said. "rudy stepped forward and spearheaded the committee to plan the christmas party. rudy is a valued member of our volunteer program." lozano is not like many of the volunteers. he is not retired. at he is still active in the architecture business. "giving back is a nice feeling," lozano said. "it helps you sleep. it keeps you happy. it helps you maintain your belief in your fellow mankind. being in position to work with the police is an honor in itself." lozano said volunteering with the police department happened by chance. a quick talk with a police officer turned into an enrollment. "rudy works very hard," police chief mark garcia said. "he makes sure all the bikes are ready to go. there is not too much you can say to really convey what he does. it is so important for the kids." lozano was quickly assigned to the northside substation in . today's herowho: rudy lozano, longtime member of citizens volunteer patrol program what: lozano is the lead volunteer for several city-hosted events, such as the annual christmas block party and the back to school jam "i met a police sergeant and got to talking," lozano said. "he got me to sign up as a volunteer. i've been doing this ever since." the bike giveaways seem to be lozano's favorite endeavor. about bikes are given out during the christmas block party. he conducts several bike rodeos each year. kids sign up with the hopes of winning a bike. but first they have to go through a bike safety program. "to see the expressions on these kids' faces is just incredible," lozano said. "to see them when they found out they will be in the raffle is amazing. they go back to where all the bikes are and choose any bike they want. to see their expression when they are walking away with a new bike is just priceless." at last year's christmas block party a young boy won a new bike. he chose one for his sister. "moments like that is why i stick with it," lozano said. "whatever event i am involved with, there are always positive results."
__label__non_math	0.9982	a junior defensive back, orms suffered another concussion in saturday's -loss at oregon. it was the second week in a row orms suffered a concussion. he has been ruled out for this week and could be sidelined him for the rest of the season. "possibly," head coach jon embree said tuesday at his weekly press luncheon. "he was cleared to play against oregon , but he took a pretty wicked shot." embree would not rule out seeing orms on the field again this year, but said, "i'm not counting on having him for a while." the treatment of concussions, especially in football, has changed dramatically in recent years. studies have shown severe affects of concussions that were not known years ago and teams are much more cautious than they used to be. with concussions in back-to-back games, embree said he and the medical staff need to be thorough in their evaluation before orms plays again. "i want to find out a little more research from the standpoint of high school history, what happened before i got here, as far as concussions," embree said. "we'll sit down, me, him and the trainer, and see what's best." medical clearance won't be the only factor in orms' return. "it's not just about being cleared," embree said. "some of it is going to be gut instinct for me. i try to treat all these kids like they're my own child. it's a great responsibility as a coach, being a caretaker of someone else's child. parker and i will talk about the pros and cons." a standout from wheat ridge high school, orms had a season-ending knee injury in the season opener. in , he missed seven total games, mostly because of leg injuries, but also because of a four-game suspension for violating team rules. this past spring, he injured his hamstring on the third day of practice and did not participate in the remainder of spring ball. follow brian on twitter:
__label__non_math	0.9997	colorado springs -- colorado athletic director mike bohn promised nearly a year ago to deliver a plan for "transformational" facilities upgrades in and around folsom field and wednesday he and chancellor phil distefano finally delivered. in a briefing presented to the athletics subcommittee six of nine members of the cu board of regents at its meeting here on the cu-colorado springs campus, the two men outlined a plan for approximately million in upgrades at folsom field but did not provide a specific timetable for when the projects will begin. however, according to a release from the school, cu is challenging donors to raise million toward the project and will begin construction when that figure is met by donations. no tuition, student fees or state funding would be used to fund the project. it will be paid for entirely through private fundraising and money the athletic department earns through television contracts and future revenue from the pac-network. the plan includes both renovations to current facilities and new construction, including a new student-athlete academic center, a new permanent indoor practice facility and eventually a new soccer and lacrosse field. according to the university's release, the first phase of the project would be building the academic center beneath the east side club level of folsom field and also taking precautions against shifting ground beneath the north side of the east stands. the second phase would tackle the expansion of the dal ward athletic center. the third phase would be building the permanent indoor practice facility adjacent to the outdoor practice fields already located north of boulder creek. redevelopment of the west side stands at folsom field is part of the final phase of upgrades. "i think it's a very reasonable plan of 200 or million. i think for boulder and for our fundraising patterns that we've had and our history of fundraising this is very realistic. and i would much rather deal with realistic projects than pie-in-the-sky projects." regents seemed to respond favorably to the presentation. the board won't have to approve anything until a program plan is completed, which the school hopes to do by december. it's likely the project will be brought before the board in stages as funding becomes available. "it is my sense that the board, without exception, would like to see us push the envelope on this as much as we can," regent jim geddes r sedalia said. coach mike macintyre also participated in the briefing telling the board it is important to move forward as soon as possible. macintyre referred the board to competitors around the pac-conference who have either recently completed major facilities upgrades or are in the process of doing so. he specifically mentioned usc, california, arizona and washington. "our facility is good, but to do what we want to do consistently and what you all want to do, we've got to do something," macintyre said. "we're going to give everything we have on the field and we're going to improve and we're going to keep getting better, but to do what we want to do ... all of this has to start moving forward and to be frank with you, it has to start moving forward pretty fast." both the practice facility and new soccer lacrosse field projects would be built near the current football practice fields down the hill and across boulder creek from folsom field. in the past year, during the process of evaluating its options, cu learned there isn't enough space to locate the practice facility immediately next to folsom field in the northeast corner as originally planned. locating the practice facility and the soccer lacrosse field near the current football practice fields will require moving all or part of the family housing units located in that area now. distefano said officials have talked in the past about moving family housing, though it hasn't been included in the -year master plan at this point. "i think now we're going to look at maybe speeding up that process," distefano said. "...we're working together on this to make sure we're not displacing our graduate students and married-family housing students, and at the same time trying to move on a trajectory that will get us the indoor practice facility, especially if we start raising more than million, which is my goal." cu's plans also include expanding the dal ward center on the east and west sides and enclosing the north end of the stadium, which would add to the capacity of the stadium, which currently seats ,613. improvements to the coors events center are not included in the million plan outlined wednesday, but are also planned. some of the highlights of construction planned at the events center include: expanding the concourse, adding more premium seating areas, building a new weight room, new visitors' locker room and new locker rooms for officials. the school has already acknowledged it will likely pay for a substantial portion of the project by borrowing against future revenue expected from the growth of the pac-network. macintyre is expected to name boulder native toby neinas cu special teams coach as early as thursday. neinas, the son of boulder-based consultant and former interim big conference commissioner chuck neinas coached the secondary at montana state in and has coached at five football bowl subdivision schools since . macintyre confirmed to the board of regents on wednesday that he has hired the final member of his staff, but he was unable to talk publicly about the new assistant until the hiring process is complete. follow kyle on twitter:
__label__non_math	0.9979	wearing your hair down in this humidity guarantees you ll look like a frazzled poodle by midmorning. this pretty wraparound braid, on the other hand, stays put even after absorbing drips from every ac unit in a twenty-block radius. in today s video, hairstylist jamie cook of whittemore house provides a step-by-step tutorial. it may not be the easiest, and you might need an assistant to hand you bobby pins and stray locks the first time you do it. but we re proof that anybody can diy. even some of our shorter-haired coworkers have pulled it off. a little unruliness actually complements this style. but if you re really all thumbs, there are the messy side bun and asymmetrical ponytail options. and if you re still worried about frizz, check out our gallery of summer-proof hair products. or put your locks in expert hands: whittemore house is offering percent off all salon services through august . mention dailycandy when booking and make an appointment for no later than august to receive the deal. something you re dying to diy? send your questions to email
__label__non_math	1.0000	as the adage goes, a lot of work goes into looking effortless. and for african-american women, getting kinky hair curly without harsh chemicals is no small feat. so we ll be the first to tell you this how-to is particularly ambitious. nevertheless, sharntai harris at the hip georgia salon in downtown manhattan has great tips for doing just that, including must-have products and step-by-steps to make styling easier. we ll be honest: it takes practice and time but once you re finished, it ll last for days. if you re truly feeling intimidated, we suggest trying it out with a friend. if nothing else, she can make you a cocktail while you re drying and twisting. if you re in new york city, visit georgia at 89a east houston street, between elizabeth street and bowery or georgiany.com . want more? check out our video on going from kinky to straight hair and our gallery of the top ten hair trends for fall. up to off dolce vita
__label__non_math	1.0000	to view this video, you must have flash player .or later installed.click here to get the latest flash player. we all love spanx. but is it ever okay for a date to see them? in this ask the office guy, dan examines the predicament. got a question for our office guy? e-mail him at firstname.lastname rollover video and click plus to add to your playlist. click minus to remove from your playlist.
__label__non_math	0.9992	when news happens, text sde and your photos or videos to . or contact us by email and phone. hooiveld struggling to make villa clash jos hooiveld is a major doubt for saturday s crunch st mary s clash with aston villa. the dutch centre half was forced off midway through the first half of the -drubbing at arsenal with a calf injury. hooiveld had been struggling with the problem for several days but saints were hopeful he could get through the game. it didn t work out that way and maya yoshida was drafted into the side earlier than expected, having only had one full training session with the club since signing, and that after arriving back from international duty with japan. saints much praised medical staff are doing all they can to have hooiveld ready for the weekend game against villa, but he is at best touch and go to be ready. if he fails to make it, that would mean a first saints start for yoshida alongside jose fonte . it would also mark only the third league game that hooiveld would have missed since joining the club from celtic on . in that time his fantastic fitness record has seen him start in of the league matches that have taken place since he moved to st mary s. hooiveld and fonte have been the regular pairing in that period, starting of those games together. on the four occasions fonte was out injured, hooiveld partnered aaron martin , now on a season long loan at crystal palace. the two games hooiveld missed, in which fonte partnered martin, were both draws, against cardiff and birmingham. the centre half department is one in which saints are short of options beyond their lead three defenders of fonte, hooiveld and new recruit yoshida. their only other centre halves are dan seaborne , who has slipped well down the pecking order, and jack stephens, a teenager with only a handful of lower leagues games for plymouth to his name. nigel adkins also has another problem to wrestle with as he tries to find the best way to get gaston ramirez into the starting line-up. adkins is believed to want to start the 12m uruguayan this weekend, having been impressed by what he saw in the second half at the emirates stadium. however, he will have to move the team around to do it. at arsenal he sacrificed one of the central midfield three in the shape of steven davis to bring ramirez in at half time and tinkered with the formation slightly. adkins will have to decide whether to try and play ramirez in the hole just off rickie lambert and adapt the team around that, or whether to employ him in the --type formation the club have favoured this season. if he does the latter then he may have to consider moving captain adam lallana back into a more central role. alternatively, he could drop jason puncheon , who has been one of the brighter lights of the season so far.
__label__non_math	1.0000	firefighter suffers minor injury in deer park blaze a lake zurich firefighter suffered a minor injury while putting out a fire that broke out in the basement of a deer park home sunday morning. the injured firefighter did not require transport to a hospital after being hurt putting out the blaze in the block of sumac court, officials said. two residents of the home were checked on the scene by paramedics and released. firefighters were called to the home at a.m. when one of the two residents reported smelling smoke. crews arriving at a.m. reported seeing smoke escaping from the front door. upon entering the lower level, a firefighter reported that a sectional couch was on fire. the cause of the fire, which was extinguished in about minutes, has not yet been determined, fire officials said. a cost estimate of the damage was not available. the lake zurich fire rescue department was assisted by the barrington, buffalo grove, cary, countryside, deerfield, fox river grove, lake villa, libertyville, long grove, nunda, wauconda and wheeling fire departments. - share facebook twitter article sent to required e-mail article sent from required e-mail name subject line article title message optional success - article sent click to close interested in reusing this article? custom reprints are a powerful and strategic way to share your article with customers, employees and prospects. the ygs group provides digital and printed reprint services for daily herald. complete the form to the right and a reprint consultant will contact you to discuss how you can reuse this article.need more information about reprints? visit our reprints section for more details. contact information required name company telephone e-mail article informationtitle url message optional success - reprint request sent click to close
__label__non_math	1.0000	- story ideas - send corrections philadelphia eagles quarterback michael vick tweeted a photo from his home last week that appeared to include a box of dog treats in the background. dog treats, dog, right? well, vick was asked about it wednesday. and the man who served time in a federal penitentiary for operating an illegal dog-fighting ring totally blocked the question about dog ownership. remember, he s been able to own a dog since his probation ended in july. i m here to strictly talk about football, vick said. what goes on in my personal life is not to be talked about. what s most important now is the philadelphia eagles and getting a win this sunday. vick is up against the wall this week. the eagles - desperately need to hit the bye week with a victory over the lions. the lions - are physical and coming off their bye, as well as three straight defeats. despite what their record shows, that s a good football team, vick said. if you look all across the board they ve got good football players over there. and it s going to be a good game. it s going to be a physical game and they re going to come to play and we ve just got to make sure that we take care of our end. the eagles have won three of their last four games before the bye week. they re -in games immediately after the bye.
__label__non_math	1.0000	well, he is an olympic hero: tom daley swaps the speedos for specs and trousers as he has a clark kent makeover he was the boy wonder at this year's london olympics. but for a new photoshoot, bronze medallist tom daley turned to another superhero for inspiration - superman's alter ego clark kent. the -year-old, who won his first olympic medal at the men's metre final earlier this month, has posed as the daily planet reporter in a new shoot for heat magazine. boy wonder: tom daley comes over all clark kent in a shirtless photoshoot for heat magazine however, unlike bespectacled journalist clark, the teenage diver appears to have forgotten his shirt and suit jacket. showing off his six-pack in the shoot, tom is sure he will always remain fit, even when he retires from diving years in the future. the full interview and more pictures can be seen in this week s heat magazine, on sale now he told the new issue of the magazine: 'when i finish diving i will become a fitness freak. it s hard because if you are an athlete and you stop, you ll put on weight so easily so it s important for me that i keep being healthy going. 'i do want to make sure that i don t lose my shape. i want to stay in shape.' he also spoke about his crush on cheryl cole, who publicly asked him for diving lessons on twitter following his triumph at the olympics. he explained: 'we re trying to organise a dive which would be pretty cool. i think it s just trying to sort out a time and a place. 'i saw her swan dive when she performed on the voice, it was good actually. it was pretty good. if she had done it into water it would have hurt her because she would have landed flat on her stomach but, you know, we could work on that.' but despite his affection for cheryl, he's adamant he would prefer his medal over the singer any day. when asked to choose between a kiss from cheryl and his bronze medal, he replied: 'oh god definitely the medal. i m sorry, it has to be the medal. 'i ve worked for ten years for that to try and get an olympic medal but cheryl cole has only been on my mind the last two or three so ' the full interview and more pictures can be seen in this week s heat magazine, on sale now and on celebration: tom daley with his bronze olympic medal on august
__label__non_math	1.0000	charleston, w.va. - if you walk in and act like you own the place, perhaps you can. that's the trick two men pulled off as they drove away from the constellium rolled products plant in ravenswood with two tons of copper valued at ,000, according to state police. the men posed as contractors doing business with the plant. police say they drove across plant property in broad daylight, checked in with security and interacted with several constellium employees before driving back out the gate with a truck bed so fully loaded it sagged. "it's very bold to go in and act like they owned the place," said trooper c.a. may of the state police detachment in ripley. the lone security guard working the gate told police a white ford f-350 crew-cab, long-bed, super-duty pickup pulled up to the constellium gate at p.m. friday. the guard said a -foot-tall, heavy-set hispanic man got out of the truck. that's when he began to tell his story. "they posed as contractors and went in and said they were supposed to pick up this order of copper chops," may said. copper chops are scrap pieces of metal about the size of a bb pellet. the aluminum rolling mill accumulates the scrap over time through its alloy production and maintenance activities. constellium regularly sells this scrap metal, so contractors and trucking company workers routinely visit the plant to pick it up. the security guard who let the men on to plant grounds said he saw only one man at the entrance. police believe the second man - who workers described as a thin hispanic man about feet inches tall - was hiding in the truck at the time. after using a bogus license number and identification on plant security forms, the security officer gave the heavier man a pass to get through the gate. the men drove the truck to one of the plant's cast houses, where they told employees they were there to pick up the copper scrap. "the foreman there said they looked like typical contractors they work with," may said. "the workers thought that's what they were there for, so they loaded it in the back of the vehicle." plant workers had the men drive the truck under a hopper that filled the bed with more than ,000 pounds of copper scrap. "they were pretty loaded - it was squatting the truck," may said. it was about p.m. when the men slowly drove the weighed-down truck back to the front gate. the guard told police the driver said he was going to make a quick trip into ravenswood and then bring his security pass back. the men never returned.
__label__non_math	0.9999	photo: frederick m. brown getty images vanessa hudgens always makes time for her skincare regime. the high school musical beauty says she has always been taught the importance of taking good care of her skin as she knows it is the best tip to looking good. hudgens, who is the face of neutrogena, said, over the years, i have worked with some of the best makeup artists in hollywood who all say that the key to a beautiful look starts with beautiful clear skin, which is the foundation for any great look. this is why it is so important to take care of your skin as it shows through regardless of what you put on top.no matter how rushed i am in the morning or tired at the end of the day, i always make sure to wash my face before going to sleep. my favorite face wash is the neutrogena visibly clear pink grapefruit wash because it keeps my skin clear so i never have to worry about breakouts. i also love the refreshing grapefruit scent, especially in the morning as it is so refreshing. the -year-old actress also shared another beauty tip: using moisturizer below her eyes to help catch flaky make-up. she said, one of my favorite beauty tips is to put some excess moisturizer under each eye when doing your eye makeup so any flakes that fall below the eye can easily be wiped away when you are finished without pulling on the delicate skin under your eyes. try on vanessa hudgens hairstyles in the makeover studio
__label__non_math	0.9999	now on dvd and digital download more info at irreverent bad boy ron white will crack you up with a nonstop stream of hilarious jokes and clever observations. as described by daily variety, "white's inspired comic mind finds a dozen sources of humor where the average comic would find only one or two." in this brand-new stand-up performance, he explores the pitfalls of marriage, offers some hysterically funny advice on picking a spouse and introduces the unforgettable "squirrel man," plus much more. a well-loved comedy central favorite, star of the popular they call me tater salad and the bestselling cd drunk in public, this extraordinary comedian will keep you laughing till your sides ache
__label__non_math	1.0000	valencia -- last season, west ranch high was so fearful of valencia's potent lineup that ace j.c. cloney issued a bases-loaded intentional walk to safeguard a two-run victory. the foothill league baseball rivals met again on a cloudy friday at valencia, and this time cloney didn't have to worry about a thing. the senior left-hander limited the host vikings to three hits while striking out a career-high in a -victory. cloney - took a perfect game into the fourth inning, and valencia eventually scored on brian mundell's run-scoring single in the sixth, but otherwise cloney was strong. he threw 103 pitches, for a strikes, while lowering his era to .with strikeouts in innings. cloney was supported by errorless defense, as the wildcats --, - put three-time defending league champion valencia -, - one game back. "i think it was a great team effort. it was a great team win," cloney said. "this was a very important win today." valencia all-american trey williams, a projected first-round draft choice who has eight career home runs against west ranch, including six in three games last season, was for with a single and a strikeout. teammate a.j. balta, a fellow slugger who hit home runs last season to earn league player of the year honors, was for , including a strikeout in the sixth inning while representing the potential tying run. "before the game, i felt a little anxiety with an effective fastball, a sharp-breaking slider and a wicked changeup, the long beach state-bound cloney was dominant, as valencia swung at a lot of pitches out of the strike zone. "he had command of three different pitches, and he hit his spots well," west ranch coach casey burrill said. "he made some great pitches, and this is the kind of game we expect him to win. he wants the ball in big games." burrill still remembers the decision last year to intentionally walk williams with the bases loaded in the fifth inning, and if anyone was wondering about such an unorthodox move, williams hit a 420-foot home run in the bottom of the seventh. "that ball still has not landed," burrill said. mundell was for with a triple, but the rest of valencia's lineup was a combined for . "to come in here and beat the three-time league champion, that's a big win," burrill said. "it's a nice start, but there are still two big ones against valencia coming later on, and they will be ready for us." in the sixth inning, west ranch scored on jake miura's sacrifice fly and gabe peralta's rbi single. valencia's luke soroko took the loss, giving up two earned runs on six hits in innings.
__label__non_math	0.9995	by ravi ladduwahetty the indo lanka free trade agreement will be renegotiated end march, minister of commerce and consumer affairs ravi karunanayake told the daily news yesterday. the changes intended are aimed at ensuring that that sri lanka's exports to the sub continent will be expanded on a scale which the trade balance currently in india's favour, minister karunanayake said. minister karunanayake will lead an eight member sri lanka delegation for bilateral talks with the indian government. it will comprise ministry secretary harsha wickremasinghe, officials of the ministries of enterprise development, investment promotion, industrial policy and constitutional affairs and commerce and consumer affairs, the board of investment, the sri lanka tea board and the ministry of foreign affairs. among the core issues that sri lanka will press with the indian commerce minister murasoli maran and other commerce ministry officials will be reductions of tariff barriers from the current percent to per cent which will enable sri lanka exports to find free access to the indian subcontinent, deputy director of commerce m.g. dharmapriya told the daily news yesterday. during the march negotiations with the indian government, sri lanka will also ask for more ports of call in the indian subcontinent for its tea and garment exports which have been given priority under the agreement, he said. he explained that sri lanka's exports to the indian subcontinent had access though any indian ports but sri lanka's tea and garments had access only thorough mumbai, cochin, chennai and calcutta. the indo- lanka free trade agreement originally came into effect in and permitted the export of million kilos of tea and million pieces of garments per annum from sri lanka, but only pieces of garments and around million kilos of tea have hitherto been exported to india, he said. there were some additional criteria which need negotiation. these revolve round the rules of origin roo on value addition of garments which need to be renegotiated from the indian side which will settle the imbalance and harmonisation of customs codes for around items aimed at removing the duplications in imports exports, he said. from the indian side, they have very little to ask for as most of the major sri lankan imports from the subcontinent such as cotton, machinery are on the exempted list, he added. produced by lake house
__label__non_math	0.9976	vallibel finance ups profits by vallibel finance recorded healthy figures for the first quarter of the financial year . the company has recorded significant growth in all areas of its financial portfolio with hire purchase, leasing, deposits and total assets increasing during the first quarterly the first quarter of the new year showed vallibel's profits rising by . leasing and hire purchase increased from rs. three billion at the beginning of the quarter to rs. .billion at its end, a increase. the company was also able to foster the growth of its total assets by from rs. .billion to rs. .billion and its total deposits from .billion to .billion, a rise of within the span of a its non-performing loan npl ratio remains one of the industry's finest at ., an improvement on the previous year's ratio of .. "we had a truly outstanding quarter," said managing director jayantha rangamuwa. "for a company launched during such an uncertain period, we have seen substantial growth even during that bleak period of time. i believe our team's ability to maintain this upward momentum has helped us achieve these phenomenal results and will continue to propel the company forward to reach even greater heights in future." "we have always maintained a constant positive outlook, during the year when market conditions were extremely volatile as well as during the following year when post-war conditions improved drastically. our vision for the company has not changed and in this positive climate, we are now more than ever committed to taking our revolutionary financial tools to the masses at the grass roots level."
__label__non_math	0.9991	jobs for youth in japan through rakiya piyasa international institute of professional and recruitment assistance services managing director and asian fellowship society director fumio dozono and its sri lankan representative asela jayaratne met productivity promotion minister lakshman senevirathne at the ministry, discussions centred around granting employment employment opportunities to sri lankan youths in japan through "rakiya piyasa" which comes under the man power and employment department. minister senewirathne and dozono discussed the possibility of establishing a sub-office of the above institution in sri lanka. they also discussed a procedure to provide jobs in japanese factories to sri lankan youths through "rakiya piyasa". "this is the best way to make the aspirations of youths' a reality. we hope to take immediate measures to implement this programme along productivity promotion ministry additional secretary saman bandara, minister's senior adviser hilary perera.man power and employment department director general chandani gunathilake, p.l..k.dissanayake and the minister's private secretary ajith pathirana were also presented.
__label__non_math	0.9965	mauro finetto and enrico peruffo of the verdellese dielle-telmec team figured prominently in the recent italian nationals - mauro won silver medals, one on the time trial and one on the road - quite a feat considering the different disciplines. enrico placed 4th on the time trial at only few seconds from the 3rd spot. he missed a turn during the race and lost at least seconds there, but then went on to console himself by winning the italian nationals junior road enrico peruffo wins the road race. click for larger image hello enrico and mauro, congratulations on your victories at the championships. three medals - two silver and one gold - is a great accomplishment for you, your coaches and your team verdellese dielle-telmec. first, let me ask how did you get started in your cycling careers and at what age did you start to race? mauro finetto: i started to race at , but my passion for cycling started when i was a little kid, when with my small bike i rode around the enrico peruffo: i started when i was to race for a team named s.c. rostese. none of my family was racing, so i pushed and convinced them to buy me a bike and bring me every sunday to race. that was the start of my career. enrico's family are now all cyclists amateur racing. his dad is a great climber. his younger brother years old is winning every other sunday in his category. he is a real promise in this sport. and his younger sister years old is racing every sunday with the same age boys...and is winning too what professional riders today do you admire today, and is there rider like, who would it be? mauro: i do not have a preferred "idol." i am fan of all the professionals. i prefer riders of the north classic races and of course, armstrong for the tour. enrico: my favourite is johan museeuw and to be similar to him, even just a little bit, would be a great satisfaction. what are your favorite type of courses and races? mauro: i like the time trials. for the road races i prefer hard races enrico: my preferred races are the mixed ones with climbs too, but not too long. here i can use my strength. longer climbs give me problems due to my weight kg for 188 cm . i am quite good on the endurance too - i have been since i was in the lower categories. you both did well in the tt, mauro, you with silver and enrico, you had a bit of difficulty with the course, missed a turn i understand, and still did well, finishing fourth. do you both like the challenge of racing against the mauro: as i said, it is my favourite race even if at the italian championship the course was not suitable for my characteristics. it was too flat time. with a harder race, i could have had more chances to win. enrico: yes, i like tt and i am doing reasonably well in it. the road race was exciting - it was great teamwork and great riding for sc verdellese dielle-telmec. did you plan this before the race or did you both see an opportunity and take it? enrico, you started your attack at meters - hmm, this reminds me of cipollini to start such a long sprint, did you plan this or just go for it? mauro, you at the same time guarded the gruppo from coming too fast to overtake your teammate - marvelous work and you outsprinted all the others for your second silver medal. what was this like - those last moments of the race and at the moment of victory for your teammate and team? mauro: we just took the opportunity. i did not expect that enrico was sprinting at that time, but then i thought my job was to protect him from the opponents. when i saw him sprinting, i thought that he could make it and that i could have a great chance to win the sprint for the second place. when we crossed the line i realized that we did something special that day, but i also thought that i would also like to have won that jersey. enrico: we did not plan that. but the feeling with mauro was very good and all that is necessary is just a click of eyes to understand each other. since the start i was thinking to sprint in the last km and i was just waiting every young or old rider has people who support them to achieve their goals. is there anyone you would like to acknowledge for helping you? mauro: a person that i have to thank because he helped me to become a rider at high level is armando zambaldo who is following me in all my trainings. and also my tech.director lucio cavalleri. they both helped me to get these results. armando zambaldo is his trainer. armando is not a cyclist, but he placed 4th in the road 20km march at the olympics in montreal in . enrico: yes, for sure i have to thank my parents for supporting me for all these years. what music are you and your teammates listening to as you train or in your leisure? and what other sports and activities do you enjoy doing when not concentrating on your cycling, such as your favorite subjects in school? mauro: i do not practice any other sport besides cycling, but in winter time for training i do alpine skiing, gym and jogging. i listen all kind of music, but my preferred is an italian singer ligabue. unfortunately, i do not have any favourite subject in school, as school is not my favourite at all. enrico: i love volleyball and basketball. i do not have a favourite music. my favourite subjects in school are biology and micro-biology. now your preparation starts for the worlds championships. i hope to see you there and in the best form to win. how does it feel to know you will go to race against the world's best young riders? mauro: i hope to be in the national team for both tt and rr. racing against the strongest athletes in the world is creating some pressure, but i just did an international race with the italian national team in austria and i did quite well before retiring for a fall. i was there competing with the best and doing great. i hope it will be the same in canada. enrico: it will be an honour to be in the national team and at the same time i have to confess that i am scared of it. a dedicated-looking silver medalist, mauro finetto enrico - vittoria for more on the italian nationals: fabios report on the italian national time trials report on the italian national jr. road race: fabio's report on the boys courtesy of gaetano dall ora with photos : many thanks to gaetano dall'ora for helping to interview these two promising lads, for the photos and for the translations.
__label__non_math	1.0000	lake criminal court judge thomas stefaniak ordered the arrest of a black woman who didn't come to court to explain why she hadn't filled out a jury questionnaire, but she showed up before she could be arrested. gary is predominantly black, but the county is mostly white. stefaniak acknowledges there's doubt isom can get fair trial. stefaniak says he'll do everything in his power to have a fair trial. information from: the times,
__label__non_math	0.9993	a collection of news and information related to athletes published by this site and its partners. displaying items -of view dailypress.com items only1 - next daily presshampton -- let's see, what else was in the news that day? president nixon promises 'new prosperity' busing, integration get off to peaceful start harmon killebrew's grand slam leads twins over a's abc to air jackson 5ive cartoon. closer to home,... sugarland, taylor swift, jason aldean and lady antebellum were among keith urban s opening acts last summer. doesn t mean they re not stars in their own right. but it does mean they re not keith urban. same goes for mike london... austin walton of newport news started his own sports agency two years ago at the tender age of . the venture was, and is, to say the least, high-risk. the agent racket is darwinian, replete with sharks and scoundrels. and rare is the fledgling with the... among acc teams, only miami has secured more football commitments than virginia tech and virginia, with the hokies scoring sunday with defensive end woody baron of brentwood tenn. academy and defensive tackle nigel williams of richmond's... james robinson and jerami grant are basketball teammates at dematha high and for team takeover. could their partnership continue in at the university of virginia? that is among the myriad questions surrounding u.va. and virginia tech as the annual... phoebus high and virginia tech alums xavier adibi and stephen friday combined for half the houston texans seven sacks in monday night s preseason opener against the new york jets. not bad for two guys playing new positions in a new defense.... in , the ncaa banned miami s football program from postseason for one year and slashed the hurricanes scholarship allotment by over three years. guilty of pell grant fraud, payments to players and lax drug testing, miami didn ... tags: mike london, disasters, fraud, college football, crimes baltimore suntyrod taylor's debut in the nfl did little to quell sentiment that the ravens need a veteran presence behind starter joe flacco. after leaving virginia tech as the school's all-time passer, taylor got a rude welcome from the philadelphia eagles in... mike anderson not only weighs pounds lighter now, but he also has lightened his daily intake of pills. mike, , of york county, says losing weight has enabled him to stop taking prescription medications for blood pressure and cholesterol and to... few were as imposing as elton brown lead-blocking a virginia sweep. he was an agile, -foot-, 320-plus-pound guard capable of bulldozing most any defender. few are as approachable as elton brown in retirement. he s now, two years removed from... suffice to say, tyrone pettaway is on football coaching's fast track from fort valley state to christopher newport to tennessee to southern california to the tampa bay buccaneers. oh, and all this in five years, landing the seriously connected... these are the best of times for bay rivers district baseball and boys soccer. the past four years have seen poquoson win two group aa baseball state titles and jamestown's soccer team another. but the district's success doesn't stop there. the bay rivers... original site for athletes topic gallery.
__label__non_math	1.0000	they joke that when they met it wasn'tt love at first sight. they joke that when they met it wasn t love at first sight. paralympic athlete jessica tuomela and partner kim hodges met while attending an american training academy to introduce them to their new guide dogs. now, four years on, the couple, who are both blind, have not only married but have moved across the world from north america with their dogs to set up home in edinburgh. jessica, , who lost her sight to cancer when she was three, enrolled at the academy to meet her second guide dog, golden labrador glacier. kim, , of michigan, who suddenly lost sight five years ago as a result of the condition optic neuritis, was going on the course to be teamed with black labrador roscoe, his first guide dog. jessica, who won a silver medal in the 50m freestyle swimming at the games, said: i loved glacier from the moment i got him. but i also came away from the course with a future husband and his dog roscoe too. canadian-born jessica has competed in swimming events at the paralympic games in sydney in , at athens in and in beijing in . her latest paralympic goal is to become a triathlon athlete. jessica said: i took part in my first paralympic games as a swimmer when i was . so now it is the right time for me to try something new. my long term goal is to compete in the triathlon in the games, but in the short term i really want to focus on my running. the first time i tried running i was absolutely terrified. when you can t see to run forward as fast as you can is against all your instincts. but i have always been the type of person who refuses to be put off because of fear. jessica is now seeking keen runners in scotland who will help her train. i obviously can t go running on my own that would be a disaster. but i m hoping i can find a team of volunteers who will run with me, and help me become a paralympic athlete for scotland. the couple moved to edinburgh last year, after jessica applied to study psychology in the city. they say they couldn t be prouder of their two guide dogs, who not only brought them together, but who have also helped them adapt easily to their new life in scotland. jessica said: we are both so amazed by our dogs. moving to a new country can be a challenge for anyone, but moving when you are blind makes it all the more complicated. for glacier and roscoe, getting used to the traffic in edinburgh has been one of their biggest hurdles. for a start, the traffic is going in a totally different direction. but the dogs have had to get used to so many other changes here too. she added: for the first couple of weeks both the dogs were showing us a few little signs of stress. roscoe was barking, which guide dogs don t normally do, and glacier was happier walking alongside me rather than leading me. but now they have taken the move in their stride. former store manager kim, who is now studying, says from the moment he met jessica he was bowled over by her zest for life. he said: nothing stops jessica she is so determined and inspiring. we have been together ever since. anyone willing to run with jessica as her guide would wear a wrist strap that was also attached to her wrist. while jessica says any guide doesn t have to be hugely fit, she says they would need to be slightly fitter than her, so that they can talk to her during their runs to warn her of any potential hazards ahead. jessica hopes that through her running she will be able to raise funds for guide dogs in scotland, who have been a huge support to her since moving to edinburgh. it costs the charity ,000 to train one guide dog. for more information on running with jessica, send an email to: email ? to support guide dogs in scotland visit
__label__non_math	1.0000	gordon mair completed the tie-the-knot treble when youngest child kirsty, , married martyn glen recently after conducting the services for his eldest daughter mairi and son john. a church minister has created his own holy trinity by officiating at all three of his children s weddings. proud gordon mair conducted the ceremony when elder daughter mairi, , married owen davis in november . and in may he was in charge again as -year-old son john tied the knot with bride laura. he was overjoyed when youngest child kirsty, , announced she and fianc martyn glen were to wed and wanted him to carry out the ceremony at fort william free church, where he has been resident minister for years. gordon, , who lives with wife nancy in lochaber, said: i feel incredibly privileged to have been able to carry out all of my children s weddings. there are not many fathers who can walk their daughters down the aisle and then conduct their services i felt honoured to be able to do this for both of my girls. but, most importantly, it s lovely to know that all of our kids are happy and settled. teacher kirsty, , said she was delighted her father played such a big part in her special day. she said: after seeing how lovely my sister s wedding was, i knew i wanted mine to be the same. it was so special and i ll never forget the moment. dad couldn t accompany me from the house because he had to open up the church, so my uncle picked me up and dad was waiting for me outside when i arrived. i could see he had a wee tear in his eye and, i ll admit, i was close to crying myself. we walked down the aisle to highland cathedral then dad went up to the altar and got the service started. it was truly magnificent. i know every bride says this, but it really was the happiest day of my life. bricklayer martyn added: we were absolutely delighted that my new father-in-law was able to both walk my wife down the aisle and then also conduct our wedding ceremony.
__label__non_math	0.9994	the -shot under chris hayes showed a clean pair of heels to outpace joint favourite flying the flag to the line. first cornerstone was an impressive winner of the group galileo ebf futurity stakes at the curragh. andy oliver s -shot kicked for home a furlong out under chris hayes and stayed on strongly to repel the persistent challenge of flying the flag -4jtfav by one-and-a-half lengths. birdman -4jtfav took third for david simcock but the likely favourite nevis was pulled out earlier in the day by aidan o brien due to the heavy conditions. oliver said: he got a great ride from chris who is riding super. he settled him and produced him at the right time. he will certainly get further and is entered in the beresford stakes and the racing post trophy. he is not in the national stakes but everything is on the table. ? roger varian is keeping the faith with his useful three-year-old aljamaaheer after the colt s very narrow defeat in the celebration mile at goodwood. the son of dubawi was sent off a warm favourite for the group contest and ran well to finish a close third behind premio loco on unsuitably soft going. the trainer said: the ground went against him as he just cannot produce his turn of foot on soft ground. his cause wasn t helped too by running a little fresh in the early stages and he has probably done well to finish so close. ? i m a dreamer could bid for more top-level glory in the united stakes after her game victory in last weekend s beverly d stakes at arlington park. david simcock s filly may now be aimed at belmont s flower bowl invitational or the yellow ribbon stakes at santa anita. ? beat the tide . should wash away his rivals in the feature nursery at newcastle. michael dods charge landed a maiden auction event over seven furlongs at today s venue in decent style last time and will be suited by the step up to a mile. the closing six-furlong handicap can go to ann duffield s consistent sovereign street . . this four-year-old has been successful on his last two starts at hamilton and ayr and is difficult to oppose on current form. lady gibraltar . looks set to go close in the valuable five- furlong handicap at epsom. alan jarvis progressive filly won at the surrey track late last month then improved on that effort when dead-heating with robert cowell s useful jwala at glorious goodwood.
__label__non_math	1.0000	they had an age gap of years, were born in different countries and played baseball in enormously different eras. still, stan musial and albert pujols were linked by baseball greatness. they both wore st. louis cardinals' uniforms, leading the proud organization to a combined seven world series appearances and five titles, their talents landing one in the baseball hall of fame in cooperstown, n.y., and the other destined to join him. they got to know one another during pujols' years with the cardinals, visiting one another several times a year, frequently exchanging messages, and showing the respect and admiration for one another that made them almost family. when pujols looked at his phone saturday afternoon and saw a text message from brian schwarze, musial's grandson, his eyes filled with tears and his stomach knotted in anguish: "it's pops. i don't think he's going to make it.'' pujols immediately called schwarze, who was gathered around musial with the rest of the family. they talked. they prayed. and pujols made sure to convey the message one last time to musial before he passed: "i love you.'' musial died two hours later at , and sunday morning pujols talked about one of the greatest men he's met, a man that forever will impact his life, the man known as the man. "it was such a sad day,'' pujols told usa today sports, "but i am so blessed to have spent time with him the last years. he blessed my life, and many, many lives in baseball during his career, and after his career. he touched so many lives. he means as much as roberto clemente does to latin people. thank god i had the opportunity to know him. "i wish my kids had the opportunity to be around him, because that's how i want my kids to live their lives. i want them to be like stan musial. "not the baseball player. the person. "that's the respect i have for that man.'' pujols, perhaps the greatest cardinals' player since musial when he departed last winter to the los angeles angels, savors the memories and time spent together. he last saw musial a year ago, and although musial was disappointed that pujols chose the angels over re-signing with the cardinals, he congratulated him and thanked him for the way he represented the franchise. when pujols joined the angels, the angels put billboards around town calling pujols, "el hombre.'' pujols was furious. there is only one baseball player that should be called the man, pujols said, and it was musial. the billboards came down. "what he did for the cardinal organization is unbelievable,'' pujols said. "there will never be anyone else wearing that cardinal uniform who will be the face of the franchise. you can talk about his numbers, the ,630 hits, the all-star games, the seven batting titles, but the man himself is what made him so great. what he did for his community, for his country. that's what made him so special.'' pujols first heard about musial when he was drafted by the cardinals in , and he began reading about him. he became mesmerized by his graciousness, and every time musial entered the cardinals' clubhouse, pujols would race over, hug him, and then kiss his forehead. "i don't care if it was six minutes before game time,'' said pujols, a three-time mvp, "when he came into the room, i went over there to see him. he meant everything to me. he always will.'' pujols, who has a huge picture of musial in his fav orite gym, and a blown-up picture of the two in the trophy case of his basement, still laughs at the time musial picked up his bat a few summers ago. musial picked it up, and couldn't believe how light the bat was, weighting 32 ounces. pujols, in a rare slump, asked musial if he had any extra hits that he could magically put into the bat. musial laughed, and said, "just see the ball, and hit the ball. you'll be ju pujols went on a tear and won the national league's mvp award. one of the first congratulatory calls he received was from musial, who compared him to ted williams and willie mays. "i'll always remember that,'' pujols said sunday. "always. really, there's nothing i'll ever forget about that man. none of us will. "he didn't get the exposure of a willie mays or ted williams or joe dimaggio, being in a small market. but he was very special to the fans in st. louis, and cardinals' nation. we were blessed to have him around for this long. "so i know it's a sad day, but it's also a day to celebrate his life. "i know i always will.'' read the original story: albert pujols on stan musial: 'thank god i knew him'
__label__non_math	0.9978	happy national pie day. it s today. i know, it crept up on you. i hear you, it happened to me, too. but it s not too late for us to celebrate. here are three ways to embrace this beloved holiday: . pie worth a try. don t let the day go by without indulging. pick your pie. maybe you want to make a family favorite or go buy a pie from a local bakery. if you re inclined to try something new and simple, consider making a minty grasshopper pie infused with andes candies. see recipe below. . protect your pie. forget burnt crusts and crimped foil. this year, invest in a metal pie saver that protects the outer edges of your pie s crust. look at home goods stores for this inexpensive item, or shop online. we found one for at . peruse the pies. since , amateur, commercial and professional bakers have competed in the national pie championships to determine the best pies in the country. now nearly 200 of those award winners are compiled in a new cookbook, america s best pies: nearly 200 recipes you ll love. you ll find the best recipes for the pies you adore, whether it s apple, rhubarb, boston cream or key lime. you ll also find ultra-creative confections the likes of white-bottomed caramel chocolate pecan pie, deep-dish deluxe banana split pie, and island breeze pineapple-blueberry cream pie. find the book at select bookstores, on kindle, at amazon.com, or at . . package .ounces andes mint candies, chopped, divided -inch prepared chocolate crumb crust teaspoon mint extract drops green food coloring, optional in a small bowl, whisk milk and pudding mix for minutes. let stand for minutes or until soft-set. fold in cup whipped topping. fold in cup candies. spoon into crust. in another bowl, combine extract and remaining whipped topping; add food coloring if desired. spread over pudding layer; sprinkle with remaining candies. cover and refrigerate for hours or until set. yield: servings.
__label__non_math	1.0000	in the news a -year-old girl who has spina bifida was subjected to a patdown and had her beloved stuffed animal taken away from her by tsa agents, according to news reports. the father of the girl said agents told them they were singling her out because she uses a wheelchair. but not only did tsa agents check her wheelchair, they took the girl s stuffed animal away, causing her to cry, and patted her down reports say the girl has part of her spinal cord exposed on her back as well . the mother recorded the incident and posted it to youtube. agents tried to tell her it was illegal to record them, but her attorney husband knew otherwise. it s oscar weekend, and two new movies are opening in wide release ahead of the festivities: snitch, a pg-action movie starring dwayne johnson; and dark skies, a pg-horror flick. the dow jones opened at ,880.after finishing down .points thursday. few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him. - booker t. washington watercooler talk: harlem shake tops billboard chart thanks to youtube viral music videos now impact the billboard hot 100. baauer's harlem shake debuted at no. on the billboard hot 100 this week, due in large to the amount of youtube videos uploaded by fans. billboard recently changed its format to include youtube hits to determine the ranking of their charts. gillian pensavalle has the details. gatehouse news service
__label__non_math	1.0000	vacaville the city s public transit system, city coach, received kudos to the tune of recently from the metropolitan transportation commission. the funding is based on operating performance and efficiency in the past few years, according to a press release issued by the city. ridership more than doubled over a seven-year period from to the number of riders soared from 196,747 in to 446,109 in . the funding comes from a commission incentive program designed to financially reward transit agencies for striving to improve operating performance. the commission s data show, within the bay area s smaller transit operators, that city coach is ranked no. in efficiency. for more information on city coach, call 449- or go to reach susan winlow at 427- or firstname.lastname follow her on twitter at
__label__non_math	0.5106	joe hart is rattled by fan joe hart was once asked to sign a fan s baby. joe hart, , told manc magazine: it just goes to show that there are strange people in this world. i couldn t believe anyone would ever ask me to do something like that. i wasn t having any of it.
__label__non_math	1.0000	down from 250 to 239... 111 days to go and 89lbs to go until i reach my goal.. i pray i make it i am down from 250.to 242.... yay welcome to beyong the calories, your ideas, thoughts, feelings, successes, failure and triumphs are welcomed here. please let me know if you are interested in going beyond the calories. share your experiences on other diet plans and what has worked or not worked for you in the past. remember, you are not in this alone and you do have support beyond the calories is a diet plan that you can use and reuse to lose weight: the principles of the diet help you eat regular foods, satisfying foods and still lose weight...and no you dont have to eat salads for breakfast lunch and dinner. if you are interested in trying this diet, please let me know. i would like for everyone to post his her success or failure or general experience on the diet plan.
__label__non_math	1.0000	in a press release blizzard entertainment, inc. announced today that the subscribership for world of warcraft has exceeded million players worldwide. this milestone was reached as wrath of the lich king, world of warcraft's second expansion, nears its worldwide launch date of november . mike morhaime, ceo and cofounder of blizzard entertainment commented on world of warcraft reaching the milestone stating, "it's been very rewarding to see gamers around the world continue to show such strong support for world of warcraft. he also said, we remain fully committed to responding to that enthusiasm with a high-quality, constantly evolving game experience. world of warcraft debuted in north america on , and has become the most popular mmorpg around the world. according to the press release world of warcraft was the bestselling pc game of and worldwide, and finished behind only world of warcraft: the burning crusade, the first expansion pack for the game, in . in addition to being the bestselling pc game of in both north america and europe, the burning crusade holds the record for fastest-selling pc game of all time, with nearly .million copies sold in its first hours of availability and approximately .million in its first month. world of warcraft was recently launched in russia and latin america, and is currently available in eight languages. in addition to north america and europe, the game is played in mainland china, korea, australia, new zealand, singapore, thailand, malaysia, chile, argentina, and the regions of taiwan, hong kong, and macau.
__label__non_math	0.8138	when it comes to solar power, the real dilemmas are efficiency and cost. on the one hand, efficiency has steadily improved over the last couple decades to the point where it s approaching the utility prices of other power generation methods. exotic technologies promise even greater gains. however, the price of solar-generated power still remains at least five times as expensive as coal-power, the chief source of power in the u.s. compared to the leading candidate, nuclear, which is approximately .to times as expensive . while solar adoption from a cost standpoint is unattractive, there's much debate over whether commercial adoption is needed to spur further research to propel solar into the realm of cost competitiveness. while many nations like the u.s. and china have modestly taken this position, adopting solar at a moderate rate, one nation has fallen head over heels for solar -- spain. spain is allowing solar and wind power plants to charge as much as times the rates of coal power plants, making it possible for solar power installations to earn utilities big money. on average, recent rate increases have raised solar charges to over times the rates of coal or natural gas rates. the costs are added onto consumers' power bills. the results are mixed; while spanish power bills are at record highs, the number of deployments is soaring. spain has gw of solar power, or the equivalent capacity of nine average nuclear reactors, under construction -- the most of any nation. florida s fpl group inc. and french electricite de france sa are among the many jumping to build in spain. gabriel calzada, an economist and professor at rey juan carlos university in madrid, states, "who wouldn t want to enter a business that s paid many times more than the market rate, and where the customer is guaranteed for life?" by , percent of spaniards energy bills -- approximately euros on average -- will be provided by alternative energy. spanish law requires power distributors to buy all clean energy produced in the first years of the plants' lives. the government also recently raised the rate of spain believes this sacrifice will pay off as fossil fuel resources become depleted and emissions standards tighten. karsten von blumenthal, an industrial analyst at hamburg-based ses research gmbh states, "the guarantee is more attractive than what other countries offer. actually the u.s. has better space for solar, in the deserts of california and nevada." the u.s. meanwhile is also advancing thanks in part to president obama's solar initiatives passed earlier this year as part of the federal stimulus legislation. over gw of capacity is planned for the u.s. fred morse, an official at the washington- based solar energy industries association trade group and author of the first report to the white house on solar power , says that the u.s. needs to adopt more incentives if it hopes to catch spain. he states, "the incentives, if implemented promptly and effectively, should greatly facilitate the financing of these plants." one promising benefit of the spanish solar boom is that it is increasing the number of plants utilizing new, potentially more efficient technologies like solar thermal or sterling engines. spain is limiting the number of photovoltaic plants solar panel-based designs , but is giving out unlimited licenses for solar thermal and other alternative plants. quote: - solar tech is improving very quickly. in another years, it should be just as cheap as coal. quote: - if many people buy their own, it reduces the drain on the electrical system quote: - if its cheap, unlike a power plant coar nuke anyone can buy it and install it on their roof or their yard. remember on dt - they're's tech that'll allow your windows to be solar collectors. quote: - if everyone has one, it can help re-charge their electric cars. because as of now, eletric cars still require power from coal nuke plants which generate pollution waste. quote: assuming ,cents per kw here, quote: but the pleasure to not give the moneyto them... doesn t have a price...
__label__non_math	0.9999	the multimedia muscle in zune hd," according to michael rayfield, nvidia mobile business gm. "users will love the device's new design, amazing multimedia features and hd video out capability. zune hd is a must-have for anyone looking for the best portable digital media player on the market." nvidia tegra has eight independent processors, including an hd video processor, graphics processor, audio processor, and two arm cores. the hardware will help power video and audio for the device, which has a .-inch oled color display and supports up to hours of music and .hours of video use. it was widely believed the zune hd would be powered by nvidia hardware, but today marks the first time nvidia or microsoft publicly discussed the use of tegra the latest zune will be available with the 16gb version 289. , and is available in five colors, though only two colors are available in the despite being compared continually to the popular apple ipod -- which controls the mp3 player market -- microsoft continues to state it is pleased with overall zune sales. we're happy with the number of devices we've sold, and as we've said before, for zune it's about the longer-term strategy and the multi-year vision for this business," a microsoft official told cdfreaks last month. increasingly, zune s focus is on areas where it is differentiating against the competition, such as the zune pass subscription service, which gives users access to millions of songs to add to their permanent collection. microsoft will likely take a similar approach with the zune hd, but the company understands comparisons with the ipod touch will continue.
__label__non_math	0.9943	android operating system has been tremendously successful. it's become the top selling phone platform in the world and its app store is stocked with close to 200,000 apps. but for all that success, a perpetual criticism is a perception that android's environment is too heterogeneous across various handsets -- part of this is due to carriers hardware partners failing to roll out the latest versions, but part of it is due to customizations such as motorola's motoblur and htc's sense ui. i. bye bye open source -- for now perhaps that's part of why google has decided why not to release the source code for android . "honeycomb", yet. the company states that the code isn't ready yet for external modification, despite the fact that products are being sold with it installed, today. aside from preventing unwanted third-party user interfaces, the chief goal of the delay is ostensibly from preventing honeycomb android . from being put on smartphones. google is pressuring smartphone makers to instead use android . "gingerbread". google is also less-than-enthusiastic about honeycomb entering other devices, like set-top boxes and automobiles, without further modification. andy rubin, vice-president for engineering at google and head of its android group essentially admits that the move is being made to prevent the platform he states, "to make our schedule to ship the tablet, we made some design tradeoffs. we didn't want to think about what it would take for the same software to run on phones. it would have required a lot of additional resources and extended our schedule beyond what we thought was reasonable. so we took a he adds, "android is an open-source project. we have not changed our then he makes an even more surprising statement -- he says that if his company released android's source, it couldn't prevent phone makers from putting it in a phone form-factor "and creating a really bad user experience. we have no idea if it will even work on phones." that statement is intriguing because it sounds a lot like arguments against open source operating systems that one of android's top competitors, apple, made in recent years. and while the delay doesn't mean google has closed its project off from the public, it does indicate that the company is increasingly seeing eye to eye with apple on this issue. dave rosenberg, a longtime executive in the open-source software world, complains about the decision, but admits, "everyone expects this level of complete trust from a company that's worth billion. to me, that is ridiculous. you have to be realistic and see that google will do what is in its best interests at all times. ii. what will the impact of google's newfound selectiveness be? ultimately this issue will supposedly be washed away with android . "ice cream sandwich", which will unify the smartphone gingerbread and tablet honeycomb trees into a single operating system. in the meantime, it's possible google could make stop-gap modifications to improve the honeycomb experience on smart phones, and release a minor update. mr. rubin states, "the team is hard at work looking at what it takes to get this running on other devices." it's hard to say how the move will affect sales. sales of the samsung galaxy tab were quite good, despite the interface android . froyo feeling clunky on a tablet. by contrast the motorola xoom offers a vastly superior ui in honeycomb, yet has struggled in sales. part of this may be due to price -- the tab debuted at usd on at least one network, the true test of whether the decision to close off the platform should be soon at hand, though. the xoom has dropped in price, with a wi-fi version launch on sunday at usd. and samsung will soon air a second generation galaxy tab .-inch tablet . dell also looks to soon air updated versions of its "streak" android tablets, at competitive prices. despite that the decision to temporarily close the source may benefit google and its customers experience, not everyone is happy with it. eben moglen, a professor of law at columbia law school and the founding director of the software freedom law center, argues that google is repeating the mistakes of industry giants like apple. he states, " closing your source is usually a mistake. long experience teaches people that exposing the code to the community helps more than it hurts you."
__label__non_math	0.9997	quick note: apple finally begins shipping lightning adapters for iphone comment s - last by weeks later, apple is shipping its expensive -pin lightning adapters apple announced the iphone early last month lightning to -pin adapters on hand to appease the masses. after all, apple's decision to ditch its -year old -pin dock connector meant that customers wouldn't be able to use their existing accessories without an adapter on the iphone . inexplicably, apple was unable to deliver the adapters at launch even though the decision to use lightning surely didn t occur overnight. but nearly four weeks after the iphone 's release, apple is just now getting around to shipping the adapters to customers. reports that a few australian customers have received shipping notifications and an estimated delivery date of october for the lightning to -pin adapter. apple's standard lightning to -pin adapter costs more for a lightning to -pin adapter that includes an " cable if you need some extra length. this article is over a month old, voting and posting comments is disabled re: nailed it. i think he's suggesting that your usage pattern is not everyone's usage pattern. some people use their phone 24hr day ... you maybe shorter. what's your point. if you don't like the iphone, don't buy it. do not point a gun to your head. let the market decide. if apple make such terrible products, the market will speak up. i don't understand what your gripe is about. don't like it, buy something else. some people like to spend 300k cars, so if you don't think it's worth the money, you're going to ban people and call them names? "a lot of people pay zero for the cellphone ... that's what it's worth." -- apple chief operating officer timothy cook quick note: apple charging for -pin-to--pin lightning dock adapter apple announces ", lte equipped iphone ; pre-orders begin sept. air force expects to save over million in years by using ipads former intel ceo regrets passing up on iphone gravy train intel-based lenovo yoga lands, is usd more expensive than arm version galaxy s iv looks to hit million sales in just four weeks nintendo wii u: no ea games for you quick note: cyanogenmod hits million users most popular articles report: microsoft eyes return to "dying" windows path after windows flop nvidia breaks silence, sticks up for microsoft's windows rt windows .will be free; microsoft holds onto struggling arm variant bill gates gets teary-eyed while discussing steve jobs, shows off life-saving tech on minutes obama administration looks to kill "the liberator" 3d printed gun latest blog posts parents of pre-teen drivers commonly practice distracted driving says study apple's ios running into internal delays due to massive overhaul elon musk willing to spend more money on widening of 405 freeway new bill due in october volkswagen shows off ibeetle in shanghai more blog posts terms, conditions privacy information
__label__non_math	0.7765	sources: guardian, youtube quote: 'm not intending this to in any way defend or justify what the software does; however, it is using mining publicly available data. in other words, there is nothing preventing any other person, government, corporation or other organization from analyzing the exact same data and drawing the same trending conclusions. so, if you're uncomfortable with the information being analyzed and the conclusions that can be drawn from it, it would be best to limit the information you make publicly available in the first place.i'm not aware of any way in which u.s. law could be reasonably expected to prevent a foreign entity from doing this, so in my mind the issue isn't limited to the u.s. government and the perception of it becoming a "police state." the implications of what can be done with all of the data we throw out there goes far beyond just that. quote: agreed. as i said, i'm not defending this in any way. i'm not comfortable with it myself. the point i was trying to make is that so long as the data is out there, anyone with sufficient time, resources, and motivation could do the same thing; e.g. foreign entities over which we the u.s. have no control. quote: i think you're missing his point jason. he's not even talking about foreign governments specifically. you or i could gather this information also which he mentions. it's freely available. raytheon and any other us entity could collect and use this info and sell it to whoever. you could collect and sell it. i do wonder how the nsa can purchase this info if they really are legally as it violates the spirit of a certain law that prohibits them from doing so without a warrant. although there is a time delay before they have to stop collecting. loophole perhaps? quote: i wasn't sure quite what his central focus was, but he did talk quite a bit about foreign governments, so i figured that was the main point. quote: because foreign governments are not going to be terribly interested in tracking low-level u.s. citizens. quote: by mining exif data publicly available posts or alternatively creating facebook softbots to friend users and lure them into riot's circle of friendship ,...now again, if you're extremely cautious you can avoid that, but there is substantial risk quote: using fb is wrong quote: i'm facebook free and i love it
__label__non_math	0.9974	"the people who do sponsor the site, who advertise and keep good relationships with us, they will get priority on reviews. so if we get a motherboard in from you guys and one from company x, and you advertise and company x does not, we'll review your product first or more in-depth or at the launch time, which ever would get the most exposure. it doesn't really affect the content of the review exactly, but it definitely affects whether or not we'll spend the extra time with it." "we have a real strong policy at the tech report of what we like to call separation of church and state, where essentially the editorial content is separate from the marketing and the advertising ... you are not going to be able to buy a review or an article. ikram: "we'd be willing to pay a little more for ads if you can get us some articles on " : "ok, i can help arrange that." ikram: "if we could spend a little more money on ads could you get us maybe a couple more articles?" : "yeah, that's fine, that's fine." "also let me know about the ,000 per site as that money does go a long way for us
__label__non_math	0.9999	informationweek was quick to get a quote on the story: "amd fully complies with all united states export control laws, and all authorized distributors of amd products have contractually committed to amd that they will do the same with respect to their sales and shipments of amd products ... any shipment of amd products to iran by any authorized distributor of amd would be a breach of the specific provisions of their contracts with amd."
__label__non_math	0.9823	'climber' coffee table by frans schrofer for leolux a dutch designer frans schrofer has collaborated with leolux on this series of coffee tables called climber . the collection encompasses three simple tables which will be available in april in three different heights and variety of finishes such as lacquered mdf, oiled or stained solid oak and american walnut. more henning koppel's 'bubi' pendant light, relaunched by danish lighting manufacturer pandul danish lighting manufacturer pandul has brought a striking piece of classic scandinavian design back to life by relaunching henning koppel s bubi pendant light. designed in and produced by louis poulsen until , the reedition by pandul sees the original brass component of the lamp substituted with chrome, whose brilliance acknowledges the designer s renowned body of work in silver for, among others georg jensen. koppel s silver fish platter from is perhaps his best-known work in this metal.
__label__non_math	0.9958	would you bank the umbilical cord blood of your newborn? the controversial practice has been getting more air time this fall, thanks to the endorsement of reality show stars giuliana and bill rancic, who banked their newborn s cord blood. many celebrity endorsements should come with a wink and a nod, and this is no exception. the rancics stars of the show giuliana bill are paid spokespersons for the cord blood registry, the nation's largest for-profit stem cell bank. but cord blood banking may be worth considering despite the nearly ,000 price tag for harvesting and years of storage . umbilical cord blood contains stem cells unique to each individual, which can help generate treatments later in life. blood disorders like leukemia are already being treated with these stem cells. what s the downside? while some companiespromise that stem cells can treat over conditions, there are no guarantees. if your child develops a genetic illness as an adult, her stem cells might contain the same abnormality. also, researchers aren t sure how long these banked cells are viable. the upside: banking cord blood may look iffy now, but it could pay off down the line. clinical trials using stem cells as a treatment for autism, cerebral palsy, and more are underway.
__label__non_math	0.9975	you are sending a link to... how androscoggin valley hospital used new technology to reduce patient falls androscoggin valley hospital avh is a bed critical access hospital located in the white mountains of new hampshire. avh may be small, but the hospital is home to a wide variety of services and technologies that place it on the level of much larger facilities. click here to see the dalcon polycom avh success story pdf the staff at androscoggin is serious about fall prevention. patients are assessed for fall risk factors upon admission and at each shift. patients determined to be at risk of falling are placed in a special program called the ruby slippers program. the ruby slippers program is designed to make staff aware of a patient s fall status and put additional preventative measures in place, such as ambulation assistance. ruby slipper patients and their families are educated on the seriousness and importance of the program. investing in new fall prevention technology kirk with bed fall alert avh uses stryker bed alarm systems for ruby slipper patients who are disoriented or unable to follow directions or call for assistance. when a patient on bed alarm begins to sit up to get out of bed, the stryker bed sets off an audible alarm. additionally, this bed alarm is captured by avh s dalcon alert remote patient monitoring system. dalcon alert forwards the bed alarm directly to kirk phones carried by hospital staff. the wireless phones receive a text message that communicates the location and type of alarm. as a result, clinicians know exactly which room to respond to decreasing the time of response. when responding to a fall alarm, time is of the utmost importance. a few seconds can be the difference between finding a patient still trying to get out of bed, and finding a patient on the floor. as an added measure to buy clinicians more time to respond, dalcon alert relays audible announcements in the patient room telling the patient to please get back into bed, your nurse is on the way when a bed alarm is tripped. the emphasis androscoggin has placed on fall prevention has been successful. since implementing dalcon alert and incorporating the system s fall prevention technology into their fall policy, avh s fall rate has dropped significantly. the average fall rate, measured in percentage of patients who fall for the three quarters dalcon alert has been installed at avh is . . the average fall rate for the three quarters before the dalcon alert installation was . . thus the average for the three quarters after installing dalcon alert resulted in fewer falls than the average for the three quarters prior to dalcon alert being installed.
__label__non_math	1.0000	dallas design group is having a summer sale dallas design group has been a popular source of beautifully designed house plans since and we will work hard to help you find that perfect home plan. this promotional offer is available on all of the home plans available on the dallas design group website we hope you enjoy browsing through our home plans and we look forward to helping you find your dream home plan. email us email and we will help answer any questions you may have.
__label__non_math	0.9997	take a look inside cowboys hall of famer tony dorsett's k frisco home that just went on sale want to own a hall of famer's digs? former dallas cowboys star running back tony dorsett's frisco house is on the market for . the house is ,496 square feet, with four bedrooms and four and a half bathrooms. photo: ebby halliday
__label__non_math	1.0000	last chance to see young masters the young masters exhibition, featuring works chosen from 620 entries by local advanced-placement art studio, music and art history students, closes this weekend at the dallas museum of art. one of my personal faves is fox with jewels, by samantha miller, , of plano west senior high school. samantha s mischief-making fox, reala, looks like the star of an animated movie. the artist told me that her goal was to place the fox in a setting where one could easily grasp her personality through gesture and expression. the scene was developed so as to capture the sly and sneaky fox s split-second decision to steal the jewels. continues through feb. at the dma s concourse, n. harwood, dallas. free. 214-922-. apstrategiesarts.org. dma.org. expect architects and engineers to get the kids involved in interactive activities about building and putting things together during engineers week, sponsored by ibm, lockheed martin and time warner cable at the perot museum of nature and science. it s all happening at the texas instruments engineering and innovation hall and the museum s temporary exhibit building the building. for a lighter look at the art of construction, check out the girl scouts cookie box creations display, which shows that even when the cookies are gone, these girls imaginations are still going strong. feb. -, with engineering activities from10 a.m. to p.m. guests can stay until the museum closes at . cookie box creations will be on display feb. -march near building the building in the traveling exhibit hall on the lower level. n. field st., dallas. included with general admission of for students -and seniors and older, for kids -, free for ages and younger. tickets are for timed entry at -minute intervals, and advance online purchase is highly recommended. 214-428-. perotmuseum.org. if you can t get enough of the little girl who turns pink from eating too many pink cupcakes, you re in luck. the kids of artie s playhouse are tackling pinkalicious at artisan center theater. there s always a special role for artie the monkey in artie s playhouse shows; he ll play pinkalicious doll that follows her around. feb. -march at artisan center theater, 418 e. pipeline road, hurst. for kids and younger. 817-284-. artisanct.com. brothers grimm spectaculathon what happens when snow white, cinderella, hansel, gretel and characters from the many brothers grimm fairy tales meet? find out in brothers grimm spectaculathon, an interactive comedy performed by the kids of creative arts theatre school cats at mosaic in arlington. feb. -at 817 w. park row, arlington. for students, military and seniors and older. 817-861-. creativearts.org. love songs brahms the sweet voices of the children s chorus of greater dallas will perform songs about love and friendship as part of the group s annual fundraising gala at the meyerson symphony center. all six of the company s children s and youth choruses and three west dallas neighborhood choruses will sing. the music will highlight poems by emily dickinson and william shakespeare, and high school students will sing selections from the liebeslieder waltzes. you can just attend the concert or arrive early for a gala dinner and auction for an additional fee that supports the company. feb. at p.m. for concert, for gala dinner and auction, at the meyerson, flora st, dallas. for concert only; for gala tickets that also include concert admission. 214-965-. thechildrenschorus.org. toddler tuesday clubs and valentine deals if you re looking for a deal on toddler outings and complimentary coffee, we hope you re free on tuesdays. legoland discovery center is kicking off its toddler tuesday club on feb. and continuing the third tuesday of each month. sea life grapevine aquarium also offers a toddler tuesday club every second tuesday of the month the next one is march . in addition, sea life offers special activities during valentine s day weekend with admission deals, fish-kiss candy packs and a chance to take your own keepsake pictures with sea life divers. legoland discovery center and sea life aquarium are both in grapevine mills mall, grapevine mills parkway, grapevine. toddler tuesdays club events cost for each additional child ages -, free for kids and younger plus tax for each ticket at both sites; includes free coffee in the cafe for parents. legoland discovery center: feb. and the third tuesday of each month from a.m. to p.m. 469-444-. legolanddiscoverycenter.com. sea life aquarium grapevine: march and every second tuesday of the month from a.m. to p.m. 469-444-. valentine s day weekend at sea life grapevine aquarium continues feb. -; buy one, get one free admission after p.m. on feb. . free fish-kiss candy packs to first 100 kids through feb. . pictures with divers available during scheduled dives at p.m. daily through feb. . divers go to the glass and pose with the child. compiled by nancy churnin
__label__non_math	1.0000	rick perry's texas is a job-making, low-taxing oasis of prosperity. it's also pure fantasy. find everything you're looking for in your city find the best happy hour deals in your city get today's exclusive deals at savings of anywhere from - check out the hottest list of places and things to do around your city
__label__non_math	0.9990	news of yet another corrective rape in south africa makes headlines, but a quick bit of research shows the u.s. faces similar problems i grew up in a different age. it was the 1950s and everyone was supposed to live in a donna reed family with .kids and a dog. at home, father knew best and wives were re-christened homemakers, clearly showing their place in the family hierarchy. outside the hetero-normative illusion, there were those strange folks who lived on the shadowy fringes of society. they were never called by name, but i soon learned they were pansies and presented a marked difference in their mannerisms and speech. one group that was never spoken of was lesbians. they were there, but so invisible they were beyond consideration. oh sure, i had female gym teachers who were more masculine than any pre-teen boy ever hoped to be, but they were athletic. and my maiden aunt and her friend who lived together for years after serving in the wacs were just spinsters who never met the right man. when i finally did hear of lesbians, it was in the context of some strange porn fantasy. the voyeuristic thrill of watching women together was an ideal teenager fantasy, at least for straight male teenagers. over and over again i heard men and teens boasting that the only problem with lesbians is they never got it from the right man. it seemed that men or more specifically a man s penis could solve any problem when it came to sexual orientation. that myth has died down somewhat in this country. but apparently it is alive and well in south africa. a -year-old girl who was perceived as a lesbian was correctively raped in that country. the savage attack on her is not the first, as violence against lesbians increases. last month, well-known lgbt activist noxolo nogwaza was murdered, presumably because of her sexual orientation. the trend toward men raping lesbians to fix them has risen alarmingly in a country with some of the most progressive laws in the world concerning lgbt people. in an interview with the vancouver sun, dipika nath, a researcher with human rights watch said, the vicious nature of the assault is a potent reminder that these attacks are premeditated, planned, and often committed with impunity. this isn t a new trend. last year last, eudy simelane, former star of south africa s national female football squad, was a victim of a corrective rape. she did not survive the gang rape and subsequent stabbings. so far the south african government has not made these crimes a priority. a committee was formed to investigate the latest case, but this has been going on for several years. you might think this is just a problem in africa. well, think again. an american judge, joseph a. rehyansky actually a part-time magistrate , was quoted as saying in an online interview that lesbians should be allowed to serve in the military and not gay men. why? well this quote explains it pretty well: it would get the distaff part of our homosexual population off our collective broke back, thus giving straight male gis a fair shot at converting lesbians and bringing them into the mainstream. he goes on to further muse about evolution: it fell to men to swing through the trees and scour the caves in search of as many women as possible to subdue and impregnate a tough job but someone had to do it. once again all those pesky lesbians need is the right penis old myths die hard, and this one has a zombie-like ability to resurface again and again. i have to wonder what it will take to put a stake in its heart forever. i serve on the board of a non-profit human rights organization, and i am amazed at how people in the united states always think human rights violations are things that only happen in third-world countries. well, welcome to reality. if you consider sexuality a basic human right, the u.s. scores pitifully. with attitudes like rehyansky s and with the continued myth of corrective rape that apparently is still in our nation s consciousness. we still have a long way to go. it s time we began looking at the reality of human rights in our own country. it s time we discarded the 1950s mythos when most problems could be solved by just letting the right man handle the job. i am reminded of the adage that says, to a carpenter with a hammer, every problem looks like a nail. well, being a lesbian is not a problem, and it certainly doesn t need fixing by a man swinging his hammer. hardy haberman is a longtime local lgbt activist and a member of stonewall democrats of dallas. his blog is at
__label__non_math	0.9998	as david taffet mentioned the other day, freedom to marry is pushing for the democratic national committee to add a pro-marriage equality plank to its platform and prominent members like former house speaker nancy pelosi have signed on to the effort. meanwhile, here in texas, state democratic party leaders are apparently afraid to even ask primary voters whether they support marriage equality. back in november we reported that the state democratic executive committee had voted -against placing a non-binding resolution on the primary ballot calling for same-sex couples to receive equal access to civil marriage and all its benefits, and stating that all state and federal laws denying such access should be repealed. at the time we noted that two openly gay sdec members from tarrant county had actually voted against the proposal. now, the president of the state democratic party s lgbt caucus reports that the proposal resurfaced at an sdec meeting on feb. only to be shot down again, apparently by an even wider margin. daniel graney, president of the texas stonewall democratic caucus, writes at qsanantonio: this time the no vote came on a procedural matter. garry brown, an sdec member from austin, made a motion to bring back the marriage equality resolution for reconsideration in general session. state democratic party chairman boyd richie ruled brown s motion out of order because this was already voted on at the last sdec meeting and was defeated. brown appealed chairman richie s ruling. a voice vote was taken on the appeal. the outcome of the voice vote was unclear and a division of the house was called. only members stood in support of the appeal and more than stood in support of the chairman s ruling. i am very disappointed in the leadership of the texas democratic party, said daniel graney, president of the texas stonewall democratic caucus. many of these sdec officials privately tell lgbt democrats that they are with us on marriage equality and yet, they vote against us in public. some of these officials who voted against us are lgbt, which makes this even more disgusting. the sdec is clearly on the wrong side of history here.
__label__non_math	1.0000	david taffet the local chapter of binet will mark celebrate bisexuality day on thursday, sept. , with a mixer at p.m. in the back patio area of the bronx on cedar springs road. nationally, this is the 19th annual event according to binet usa. we re getting together to bring visibility to bisexuals in north texas during pride, said latisha mcdaniel. we re trying to make the b not silent anymore. she said bisexuals often just blend. they just lump the b s, she said. we re either in a same-sex relationship or we re in a straight relationship, so bisexuals are often seen as either gay or straight. mcdaniel said that coming out as bisexual is often risky in any relationship. in the gay and lesbian community, she said that bisexuality is often treated as a transitional phase. we re treated as percent milk, kind of lukewarm, she said. mcdaniel said she has even been asked why she cares about marriage equality. it s as if bis come to the gayborhood for their kicks and then go home, she said. morgan o donnell said she has been with dfw binet since april. i had been in a job that was fairly supportive, she said. i left that job and didn t have support. when i went to binet, they went all out to welcome me. she said dfw binet s support group meets the first saturday of each month at resource center dallas to discuss issues of particular concern to people coming out and living as bisexual. we re considered to be sitting on the fence, o donnell said, adding that is the number one issue bisexuals regularly address to straights as well as to gays and lesbians. it helps to be with a group of people who share similar experiences, she said. o donnell said that the event at the bronx is for allies and supporters as well as bisexuals and those who are questioning. the evening will give people an opportunity to celebrate their bisexuality, o donnell said, adding that she hopes the event brings more visibility to dfw binet. a donation at the door is suggested. reservations are not required but are suggested since seating is limited. reservations can be made on the group s facebook page found under dfw binet. this article appeared in the dallas voice print edition .
__label__non_math	1.0000	gregory oliver hines spent his boyhood days at harlem s apollo theater with his brother maurice, watching tap dancers like chuck green, charles honi coles, teddy hale, the nicholas brothers and howard sandman sims. between performances, the hoofers would gather in the dimly lit, costume-cluttered basement to jam on the worn-in rehearsal floor. it was here, trading steps with tap legends, that hines fell in love with the artform and learned how to develop his own rhythms. they really loved him, because he could think on his feet and didn t have any fear, says hines brother maurice. a true triple threat, gregory hines ultimately became one of tap s most recognized performers and preservers of the art. he appeared in major motion pictures, on television and on broadway, and for more than half a century, he carried on the tap lineage, eventually sharing it with a new generation of tappers. and in october , dance affiliates launched a -week national tour of thank you gregory, a tribute to the legends of tap to honor the man who bridged the generations and transformed rhythm tap into a respected dance style. born on , in new york s washington heights neighborhood, hines began his formal tap training at age with henry letang. two years later, he and -year-old maurice were performing professionally as the hines kids. they toured the world, dancing in nightclubs, theaters and on tv shows, including three dozen appearances on the tonight show. in , the brothers made their broadway debut in the girl in pink tights and in , their father, maurice hines sr., joined the touring act renamed hines, hines dad as a drummer. but unfortunately, the hines brothers caught the tail end of an era. while their fame was slowly rising, tap s popularity declined. big bands fell out of fashion and jazz nightclubs shuttered. and broadway, encouraged by the success of west side story, turned to ballet and jazz as storytelling forms. the hoofers who had mentored young gregory had a difficult time finding work. even hines found himself pulling away from tap. in the early 1970s, after months of soul-searching, hines left his family act, his first wife and their -year-old daughter, daria, and fled to venice beach, california, where he formed the jazz-rock ensemble severance and adopted the hippie lifestyle. five years later, hines returned to his passion. he moved back to new york and soon landed a role alongside maurice in the musical revue eubie as hines career blossomed, he continued to make tap more visible while pushing the genre s boundaries. he broke away from the polished, foursquare tempos of the 1930s to captivate audiences with hard, roughed-up, low-to-the-ground, free-flowing, funky rhythms movements expanded by his prot g savion glover and generations to come. he felt tap should be as modern and new as twyla tharp. top hats and tails were out, tight armani t-shirts were in, says close friend and tap historian jane goldberg. in the film white nights, hines tapped to contemporary music and went toe-to-toe with ballet virtuoso mikhail baryshnikov. this film put both artforms on equal footing. it said, this tap dancer and tap dance are at the same level as mikhail in ballet, says tony waag, the artistic director of the american tap dance foundation. hines also starred in francis ford coppola s harlem jazz club crime-drama the cotton club and s tap, a movie that experimented with rock music and brought together a teenage glover and legends like sandman sims, jimmy slyde and bunny briggs. he made tap cool to young people in terms of using contemporary music and innovating how we use our feet, says hoofer jason samuels smith. he was the motivating force behind our whole generation s movement. having witnessed the older generations struggle through tap s dormancy, hines made tireless efforts to ensure tap s vitality in the 21st century. when congress was considering legislation to create national tap dance day, hines showed up in washington, dc, to speak to the congressional black caucus. this day has been celebrated on may since . in , hines helped waag launch tap city, a new york tap festival, and just a week before he died, hines was supposed to participate in the inaugural los angeles tap festival. it was so humbling for me to hear how eager he was to be a part of it, says samuels smith, the festival s co-creator. on , hines passed away at age , after a -month battle with liver cancer. while his passing was a great loss, he left a timeless legacy through his generous support of the tap community. hines used to say he was just a tap dancer, says maurice. i told him, you re not just a tap dancer, you re the tap dancer. dt katie rolnick is an editor for dance spirit magazine. she holds an ma in journalism from new york university. photo of gregory hines by anthony crickmay, courtesy of dance magazine archives.
__label__non_math	0.9955	the d o diary d o insurance: so what is a "securities claim"? the modern public company d o insurance policy provides coverage not only for the directors and officers of the company but also for the company itself however, in the public company d o insurance policy, the entity coverage applies only to securities claims, a limitation that sometimes leads to disputes whether or not a particular matter constitutes a securities claim. a recent decision from the central district of california took a look at whether the claims against a mortgage originator and securitizer involving the company s issuance of mortgage-backed securities constituted a securities claim within the meaning of the company s d o insurance policy. in her order here , judge josephine tucker held that the claims were not securities claims within the meaning of the d o policy and therefore that the insurer did not have a duty to advance defense costs. until , impac mortgage holdings funded, sold and securitized residential mortgages. a unit of the company acquired mortgages that another company unit originated. the acquired mortgages were placed in a trust, which in turn issued certificates that were issued to an underwriter which then sold them to investors. the coverage dispute relates to three separate claims that were asserted against impac and its related entities. first, in april , the federal home loan bank filed a state court complaint against impac alleging unfair and deceptive acts as well as false and misleading statement in connection with the sale of the certificates. second, in may , citigroup filed an action in the central district of california against impac, alleging violations of sections and of the securities act of , as well as negligent misrepresentation in connection with the citigroup s purchase of certain other certificates. finally, in april , the federal reserve bank of new york sent a letter to impac referencing a dispute concerning priority of payments under four impac securities offerings. impac submitted all three of these matters to its d o insurer, seeking to have the insurer advance defense costs for all three matters and contending that all three arose out of impac s mortgage-backed securities business. the insurer denied coverage for all three claims and impac filed an action against the d o insurer, seeking a judicial declaration that the insurers ha a duty to advance defense costs. the parties cross-moved for summary judgment. in pertinent part, the d o insurance policy defined the term securities claim to mean a claim made against an insured: alleging a violation of any federal, state, local or foreign regulation, rule, or statute regulating securities which is a brought by any person or entity alleging, arising out of, based upon or attributable to the purchase or sale of or offer or solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell any securities of an organization; the february ruling in her order, judge tucker denied impac s motion for summary judgment and granted the d o insurer s summary judgment motion. the d o insurer had argued that the phrase securities of the organization in the policy s definition of the term securities claim referred to impac s own securities. impac urged that the phrase had an additional meaning extending it to the mortgage-backed securities at issue in the underlying disputes. impac argues that the term securities of the company encompasses securities that were possessed, connected or associated with the company. with respect to impac s interpretation of the definition, judge tucker said: the fact that it would be semantically permissible to interpret the policies language as extending coverage to securities impac bought, sold or was involved in the creation of is not sufficient to create coverage where none would otherwise exist. rather the court must interpret the disputed language in context, w with regard to its intended function in the policy. here, impac has provided no admissible evidence that such an interpretation gives effect to the mutual intention of the parties. citations omitted judge tucker went on to note that impac s proposed interpretation would require the phrase securities of to carry multiple meaning within one policy definition. she added that in the context of the full definition and policy, the phrase securities of makes sense only in reference to the securities of impac itself. she added that by ascribing multiple meaning so the phrase, impac s construction would result in the provision of vastly broader coverage when the insured happens to engage in the business of securitizing mortgages and would cause a traditional d o policy for those particular companies to become a defacto e o policy, i.e., a professional liability policy for entities. judge tucker also concluded that coverage was precluded by the d o policy s error and omissions exclusion, precluding coverage for the company s performance of or failure to perform any professional services. she noted in that regard that impac had asserted against the co-defendant in the action that is, impac s e o insurer that the underlying claims do arise out of the provision of professional services. while she concluded that coverage was precluded under the d o policy s errors and omissions exclusion, judge tucker did rule in impac s favor ruling in a separate order here in impac s separate action against its e o insurer. she held that that impac s securities transactions constituted professional services under the e o policy. the parties had disputed whether the underlying claims, which related to impac s securitization of mortgages, arose out of impac s performance of or failure to perform professional services for others. the e o policy defined impac s profession as mortgage banker mortgage broker. judge tucker concluded that the undisputed facts support the conclusion that the securitization was a central element in impac s mortgage banking brokerage business. she also found that an exclusion cited by lloyd s was too ambiguous to warrant a denial of coverage. the exclusion on which the e o insurer had sought to rely excluded coverage for the depreciation or the failure to appreciate in value of any investment transaction or any actual or alleged representation, advice, guarantee or warranty provided by or on behalf of an insured with regard to the performance of any such investment. like many coverage disputes, the dispute here over whether or not the claims at issue were or were not securities claims came down to an interpretation of the specific policy language at issue. but even without reference to the specific provisions in the policy, it would have represented an unexpected result for a company s d o insurance policy to pick up coverage for claims brought against it for its activities as a mortgage securitizer. as judge tucker correctly concluded, to do so would require the d o insurance policy to provide coverage for the company s delivery of professional services and would thereby convert the policy into an e o insurance policy when in fact the d o policy carried an express exclusion of coverage for claims arising from the delivery of or the failure to deliver professional services. in a monday morning quarterbacking kind of a way, i find it irresistible to note that the extent of the policy s coverage would have been clearer if the policy had not only generally excluded coverage for claims arising from the delivery of professional services but also expressly precluded from the definition of securities claim the company s issuance of securities as part of its business as a mortgage securitizer. while i don t have a problem with judge tucker s interpretation of the policy here, there are other gray areas that arise from time to time with respect to the extent of d o insurance coverage for securities claims. there are claims that can arise when a company is hauled into a lawsuit alleging violations of the securities laws when the specific securities at issue may not be those of the insured company. a couple of examples come to mind: say, for example, when the insured company has spun out one of its divisions as a stand alone, publicly traded entity, and the separate entities file claims not only against the new company but out of the predecessor firm as well. for an example of this kind of claim, refer here . another example is an aiding and abetting type lawsuit; say, for example, an insured company is alleged to have violated the securities laws by aiding another company misrepresent its financial condition sure, private claimants can t assert these kinds of claims under the federal securities laws, but the sec can, and private claimants could assert their claims in reliance on state law liability theories . a d o insurance policy limiting securities claims solely to claims relating to securities of the company arguably might preclude coverage for these claims. for that reason, i have preferred definitions of the term securities claim that extends coverage to any claim alleging a violation of the federal securities laws or state or local equivalents. from the factual allegations in the impac case, i can now see from the carrier s perspective , at least one flaw with a definition of the term securities claim that would extend coverage to any alleged violation of the securities laws. if impac s d o policy had included this any violation of the securities laws formulation, the policy might well have picked up coverage for the claims against impac arising from its mortgage securitization activities, which is a result i am certain that the d o insurer did not intend here. recognition of this potential shortcoming to the any violation of the securities laws formulation suggests a need to devise a new formulation, one that would not hazard the kind of unintended result i noted in the preceding paragraph. my current thought is that perhaps the any violation of the securities laws formulation could include a provision expressly precluding coverage for the company s issuance of securities other than its own securities. this is the kind of topic that i think would benefit from a more thorough discussion. i welcome readers thoughts on this topic, under the heading toward a more perfect definition of the term securities claim . one final note for practitioners. in her analysis of the d o policy, judge tucker correctly determines that traditional duty to defend case law and policy interpretation principles do not apply to a duty to advance d o insurance policy. those involved in litigating defense expense issues in the context of a d o insurance policy may find her discussion of these issues useful. a stray thought about current events: pope benedict has now moved on to his new life as pope emeritus. he undoubtedly hopes he can look forward to a life of quiet contemplation. everyone here at the d o diary wishes him well. whatever may lie ahead for him and for the catholic church, we can all be sure that benedict will avoid the fate of one of his predecessors, pope formosus, who died in april 896 at the age of eighty-one after a five year papacy. as described in paul collins s recent book, the birth of the west, a one-volume history of the nascent beginnings of modern europe in the tenth century, following the death of pope formosus, his successor, pope stephen, convened what has become known as the cadaver synod. ten months after pope formosus died, and under pressure from local magnates, pope stephen had his predecessor s corpse exhumed, dressed in pontifical robes, and placed in a bishop s chair to be tried for heresy. with troops surrounding the city, the terrified bishops called to pass judgment quickly found formosus guilty of violating church law. all of his papal acts were declared void and his dead body, stripped of the papal robes, was reinterred as a layman in unconsecrated ground. if pope stephen hoped this macabre ceremony would preserve peace, he was mistaken. collins notes that the cadaver synod marked the beginning of some of the worst internecine civil strife in the history of papal rome. all of this took place at a time when europe was beset with recurring invasions from vikings, magyars and saracens. for those who are worried that the current catholic church faces challenges, well, things have been worse. yet it was from this chaos that the rudiments of modern europe slowly emerged. in any event, here s hoping that the upcoming papal transition be smoother than some of those in the past have been. speaker s corner: on , i will be speaking at a panel at the c5 forum on d o liability insurance in london. i will be participating on a panel entitled the impact of increased regulatory oversight and regulatory investigations. the panel will include my good friends helga munger of munich re, cristiana baez-safa of xl and ralf rebetge of chubb. the c5 forum, which is excellent every year, includes a number of interesting sessions and an outstanding line up of speakers. conference information, including registration instructions, can be found here. if you are planning on attending, i hope you will make a point of greeting me at the conference particularly if we have not previously met. auburn drive, suite 200, beachwood, oh , phone: 216 378-
__label__non_math	0.9968	at the christmas party hop. mistletoe hung where you can see, ev'ry couple tries to stop i'm a wee bit excited for december 25th, plus, i'm going to the city today... finally. the boy and i are doing the touristy xmas things: see the tree, possible ice skating, window shopping at saks, etc : and then we're headed over to pomaire for an authentic chilean dinner. i cannot wait for him to try i fell asleep very early last night, around , it's a bit embarassing, lol. beforehand though i had dinner around with the fam. i think the sleepiness interfered with hunger because i totally didn't want to eat, i half of the sweet potato, everything else pictures, and passed on the chicken breast. the veggies were really good and simple, cooked in a little evoo, garlic, and spices. yum yum yum about hours later, i awoke and finally felt well-rested ; . i started my day with a bowl of multibran flakes with added flax, skim milk, and banana. i also had a clementine on the side and am sipping a mug of green tea as i type. it's one of my last days helping my mom so i've gotta work before heading into manhattan. happy monday bloggies
__label__non_math	1.0000	daniel smith gift certificates, available starting at gift certificates are a great way to make sure your friends and relatives get exactly what they want. they can be used through our catalog center or retail stores. shipment on these are free of charge, and typically you will receive your gift certificate via usps approximately one week after placing your order. we'd be happy to send your gift directly to its intended recipient, but since we can ship each order to only one address, be sure that everything in your order is intended for that address. simply place separate orders if you require multiple shipping addresses. gift certificates are only redeemable in our retail stores or catalog call center at -800-426-.
__label__non_math	0.9998	ok, maybe this news will finally end what promises to be ceaseless hot-stove speculation about the future of the yankees: joe torre is coming back to the yankees. at least, that's what the ny post says of course, the ny daily news was the one who said sunday that torre was as good as gone. torre is coming back, presumably by the grace of george. and there's no way that the boss will eject a-rod, no matter how much that might bug torre. so after the last hours of hysteria about the future of the yankees, indications are that torre will be back, a-rod will be back, the boss will be back -- and the yanks will still have their pitching problems. lou piniella hasn't heard from the boss, which is another good indicator that the yankees have no interest in hiring him to replace torre. lou also let the nats know he has no interest in managing them. alcs game : speaking of pitching problems, the tigers are dancing with the ones who brung 'em: ineffective alds game starter nate robertson will get the start in game of the alcs against barry zito, who i would imagine understands that every quality postseason start equals another million or so on his upcoming free-agent contract. who the hell am i to question jim leyland? he just ran the yankees out of the playoffs; he can do what he wants. cubs interview joe girardi: here are a couple questions i might suggest: can you get along with a gm and ownership group? what do you think dusty baker did most wrong? can you narrow it down? mnf: broncos beat ravens in ugly one. given that the game was played at more great news for the dolphins: daunte culpepper might be out for the rest of the season. nick saban says he won't play again until he regains his "explosion," whatever that means. meanwhile, by default, that means that joey harrington is the dolphins' qb of the present -- and future. hard to believe that six weeks ago, so many people were touting the fins as afc contenders. bledsoe will remain the cowboys qb, according to bill parcells, who has, oh, never had a problem with detrimental decisions based on loyalty to "his" qbs. come on: it's romo time, already jags d remains cursed: jax loses top tackler peterson. how many more devastating injuries can a great defense have before it starts to take a toll? coming off a shutout, the my jags d lost its top playmaker to a torn pec. ouch. matt leinart's job just got a lot harder: larry fitzgerald, who caught one of leinart's td passes on sunday, is out for a month or more with a bad hammy. nba preseason: raps top wiz. why concentrate on this game? because it was the only one of the night, sure, but also because i'm ready to declare gilbert arenas the most intriguing player in the nba right now. how do i account for "most intriguing?" it's a combination of on-court skills and off-court personality. and right now, no one has more than "agent zero," who had points last night. no word on how he did at his customary halftime game of online poker. top nba draft pick andrea bargnani had points and rebounds in minutes also notable for fouls . better preseason debut than mario williams in that other league... i'm hearing more and more about the nba refs cracking down on excessive whining about calls. there's supposed to be a quicker t, but i'm waiting to see if "whine-over-calls" poster guy lebron james earns any. why the hell would louisville rush brian brohm back from his hand injury in time to play against... and since we have a few commenters who seem to care deeply about michigan wr mario manningham, they might have to hold off on that heisman campaign: he's likely to have surgery on his knee and could mis a few weeks. last thing: that story that emerged yesterday about tom candiotti getting jeff kent drilled by a pitch to help his fantasy team this was a dozen years ago is taking on a life of its own. as it should
__label__non_math	0.9995	dwyane wade wins si sportsman of the year: amazingly, this award continues to be relevant; it's probably the most sports-culturally relevant thing si does all year aside from the occasional cover-story scoop . anyway, i can't disagree with the choice. wade emerged from the shadow of lebron and shaq to not only lead the heat to its first nba title, but to become perhaps the most respected player of his generation. comments question: who would you pick as your "sportsperson of the year?" why? and who would round out the top on your ballot? that's an awesome question that should keep the comments section hopping. personally, i would have given it to vince young. i know it's hard to credit something that happened in early january, but vy had the best individual performance in the biggest and best game of the sports year -- and perhaps college football history. quick notes on today's biggest storylines: jeff garcia: 315 yards and tds schiano staying at laurinaitis wins "heisman for defense": because a defensive player will never win the heisman, the nagurski award is the de facto heisman for defensive players. and ohio state lb james laurinaitis became the first sophomore to win it, beating out rival michigan cb leon hall and florida s reggie nelson my choice , along with gaines adams and patrick willis. hmm: laurinaitis on the 'heisman watch list? thankfully, the florida-michigan-bcs hysteria appears to be waning after a fierce hours after the announcement. but usa today released the coaches' ballots, and there's one notable choice: the only big ten coach to rank mlb winter meetings: "where's manny going?" is the hot storyline from the first day, but the cardinals quietly locked up their anchor sp chris carpenter for more years at million . nba: big night for my favorite nba player, gilbert arenas, who had points helping the wiz snap the mavs' -game winning streak. meanwhile, if you want to see why the jazz are doing so well, check out the box score of their win over the bucks. start with boozer's and . the magic win again. in sacto no less at the tail end of a road trip. amazing. they're for real. i'm on the road traveling this morning so posts might be light until the afternoon...
__label__non_math	1.0000	women's yoga destination crossover front short danskin sleek-fitting women's yoga short. features a crossover front dipped waist, a curved hemline and a contrast inner waistband. - cotton spandex - dipper crossover waistband with contrast interior - mini flatlock stitching details - logo detail - inch inseam sale price: .
__label__non_math	0.9999	dance moms miami: everyone gets pushed to the edge of the dance floor when the circus comes to town. susan squawks, abby walks and lucas does his mime in a box.wednesday, you choose. right or left. cuz one of them is about to slap your face, bitch. she is so lucky i don t feel like getting my butt up off this comfy couch. don t you worry, baby. i m crazy enough for both of us. trust me. i can t believe nobody told me this wasn t abby lee miller s studio. i am just about to go all miami sound machine conga on her skinny a . ladies and gentlemen. children of all ages. step right up and witness the amazing dance moms: miami twisted circus. three rings of crazy, all for your viewing pleasure. you ll see moms melting down, the world s skinniest elementary school mime and more questionably age inappropriate eye liner and makeup than you thought possible in one hour. and you thought clowns were scary? that s right. the circus came to town this week and plopped its tent right in the middle of the stars dance studio parking lot. fresh off their trophy hogging trip to whatever the last competition was called, victor and angel already had their sights set on the upcoming starbound dance competition down the street and around the corner in sunny ft. myers. the last time around the dance crew had a pretty good showing, but they didn t scarf up every single plaque and trophy on the back table. so for starbound everyone needed to ramp up their game. and nothing says we re here to wipe the floor with the rest of you like a spooky tim burton number. but before victor could get into all the deets he had to bang out the list, because even if the studio springs a natural gas leak, nobody leaves until the list is revealed. first on the list should have been an explanation as to why we are now in week and they still can not find enough chairs for all the moms to sit in during the big reveal. if this is how it s going to be, then i vote for just getting rid of all the chairs. lose em. toss them in the dumpster or put them in storage for the bob fosse retrospective. make all the moms stand up like that mean abby lee miller does on her show. it s not like they aren t all going to spend the rest of their studio time sitting down anyway. after the list is done, the only time any of them get off their butts is to storm out the door in a divamom fit. am i wrong? so get rid of them. thank you. lucas took the top spot on the list, thanks to last week s high scoring duet with mensa girl kimmy. the little dude managed to channel his inner luther and got down wid it in the romantic pairing which almost resulted in another notch on his tree house, if you know what i mean. he unleashed some serious playah for a year old. he just cracks me up. since there is no such thing as a tie on the list, kimmy was knocked to second place because she still needed to work on letting go and just being in the dance. what she is missing in front teeth, kimmy totally makes up for in technique and spelling bee awards. but she still needs to just chill and enjoy the dance. hovering helicopter mom ani immediately got a little on edge when she heard that victor wanted kimmy to let go, because she likes her baby exactly the way she is right now. if there was a way to stunt kimmy s growth that didn t involve unfiltered cigarettes or reverse steroid shots, i m almost certain that ani would freeze-frame kimmy at years old and keep her in that pink bedroom forever. after working this hard to formulate the perfect school girl specimen, the last thing ani needs is to have kimmy start letting go and risk her finding out that most kids her age are still asleep at . jessi was hanging out in the third spot. again, i thought it was because she insists on wearing those micro spandex tops every week, but turned out it was because she got beat in scores by the two year olds. not cool, and victor don t play dat. poor hannah. she s probably one of the most level headed people at that studio, and smart way beyond her years. but she is saddled with her mom debi, who pops off anytime she thinks that someone is making a fat joke. i swear if one of the other moms sunk underwater at the beach and didn t resurface, debi would assume the blub blub blub was a slam against her chubby kid and let the woman drown. especially if it was abby. but hannah keeps plugging away each week, working hard at raising the level of her dancing and lowering the percentage of her carbs like a trooper. lucas and kimmy each scored another solo thanks to their rankings on the list, which left jessi, sammy and hannah in a trio. wait for it. wait for it coming dangerously close to blurting out that the fat kid and the slacker kid are going to bring her daughter jessi down in the trio performance, susan stormed out, leaving a jet stream trail of crazy smoke behind her as the door slammed shut. after that overly dramatic performance, the boys laid down the law. the next time roller coaster susan walks out, jessi needs to follow her and the two of them are more than welcome to enjoy the rest of their lives at a studio whose policies on maternal hissy fits are a little more lenient than those at stars. the mom room was buzzing about all the trio drama from the second they all hit the couch. debi and brigette went another round or two in the never ending lucas vs. everybody battle, and abby got some serious eye rolling in right as susan came back inside. debi got fed up and scooted to the lobby to read cosmo with mayra, while susan got back up and pulled jessi aside to unleash some more crazy on her daughter. the group number was the aforementioned twisted circus, a dark music video kind of dance with black balloons that jessi got to pop in such a suppressed and angry manner that i thought susan s face may have been doodled on the latex. to get them all in the circus mood, victor and angel took the kids to circus school, where they learned to jump and flip and twist themselves into human pretzels. jessi unleashed a little more of that suppressed anger by twisting herself around the cirque du soleil ceiling scarf as though it was her mother s neck, while lucas proved to everyone that he was indeed born with no spine. victor took center stage and tangled himself up in the hanging ring like he was a fierce diva parrot on a cage swing. he said he was bringing circus realness, whatever that means, since every circus performance i ve ever witnessed was solely based on the total opposite of realness. back at the studio, angel was helping kimmy with her solo. i guess. since angel is umm no longer in his dancing prime shall we say, he seems to leave the actual dancing to victor. instead, angel chooses to wear snug shirts, scarves and little hats while giving each dance move a sound effect to distract us from the fact that he isn t really dancing at all. check it out. it s like the old s batman tv show but with tighter outfits. the trio number was based on women who hate each other. if that sounded familiar, all you had to do was look through the glass into the mom room where they were all pointing and scratching each other s eyes out while the girls were trying to rehearse. apparently the moms have still not realized that the gigantic window is not a two way police mirror, and that the room is not sound proofed. by the time susan had blown nutty 425 for the week, hannah could hear everything through the glass and started to cry. victor scooped up the boom box and pushed all the kids outside to rehearse on hard concrete, while angel boom pah powed his way into the mom room to lay some smack down. much like his shirt, it just wasn t pretty. as the rehearsals dragged on, abby was getting concerned that sammy needed to get home and study for a test the next morning. say wha ? yes. that means the kids actually do go to school at some point during the day. i would have totally lost that bet, since i ve never seen one backpack or trapper keeper anywhere in that studio. but turned out that sammy isn t a big fan of kimmy s sunrise homework rituals, so abby wanted to go home. when angel got wind of such utter nonsense, he threw yet another angel spaz and sent everyone home to prove a point. since i m not a dancer outside of los discotecas, i was a little surprised that none of the other moms stood up for abby. instead, they all slammed her for putting the entire competition in jeopardy and potentially sabotaging the trio. the dance comes first it seems, and they all stay in dance prison until it is perfection. if that means the book report is late, so be it. did anyone ever ask baryshnikov what he thought about the character and plot development in the second chapter of catcher in the rye? no. i didn t think so. despite all the drama, everyone made it to starbound in one piece. victor made his entrance in yet another tiny hat, angel brought out yet another manpurse delicately cradled in the nook of his arm, and lucas rocked his signature kanye west shades. seeing the stars grand arrival is more fun than the competition itself. there needs to be some kind of trophy for the pre-show, too. lucas did his solo with no shirt on again. beyond the fact that it s a little creepy to be envious of a year old s six pack abs, the whole shirtless thing is played out. you know that everyone in the auditorium is going to pick him up off the floor in a big bear hug at some point in the evening, so i would prefer his bare skin not be pressed up against every grown up in the joint. i m all set with that, thanks. kimmy had some timing issues with her solo, but she s going to graduate with a .and someday own microsoft, so who really cares. susan and jessi went another couple of laps around the crazy track before the trio performance, which put additional pressure on the kids. it should be noted that jessi s makeup barely budged when mom made her cry like a baby. she bawled, but that stuff didn t move. memo to the faa: whatever eyeliner it is that miss thing uses should be used to mark and track every black box on every plane that ever flies over a body of water. the twisted circus number was twisted, and award winning. lucas was a mime, and he actually made it into half a shirt. baby steps, i guess. sammy kinda sorta dropped kimmy during a flip, but nobody could determine who was responsible. the original blame fell on kimmy, according to sammy. but then lucas whispered that it wasn t kimmy s fault. and then there was so much backstage screaming and yelling that i lost track. abby stood up for sammy, declaring her innocence, while everyone else blamed sammy and pointed fingers like villagers storming frankenstein s castle. then more screaming and crying as abby stormed out the door. there was a lot of that this week. i m not sure if anyone even asked if kimmy s head was ok. it was a total circus, i tell you.
__label__non_math	0.9806	welcome to our shire things you don't want to miss at our site: about the shire of darach the shire of darach is the local chapter of the sca, the society for creative anachronism. the sca is a non-profit 501 c society dedicated to research and re-creation of elements of the middle ages and renaissance history. we are also a part of the kingdom of caid, one of eighteen "kingdoms" or major geographical units of the sca. there are an estimated ,000 people involved in the sca around the world. shire meetings are held once a month, during which we discuss shire assets, upcoming events, newcommer help, guild activities, arts and sciences, children's activities, and kingdom participation. attending a shire meeting is a good place to start getting involved at the local level. fighter practices are held out at via marina park, oxnard, on nearly every sunday from noon until about or . fighter practice encompasses both heavy weapons and rapier fence. heavy weapons is an "unchoreographed martial art," recreating swordplay of the middle ages, using rattan swords, shields, and a variety of other secondary weapons. rapier fence is medieval fencing in the round, using foil, epee, musketeer, or schlager no saber .please contact the heavy weapons or rapier fence host to confirm practices. be sure to check in with hosts when it's been rainy, because sometimes there are alternate indoor fighter practice locations available on occasion.
__label__non_math	0.7657	we seek to reduce our energy and water use by and one day send zero waste to landfill. our sustainability efforts include investments in our culture, restaurants and supply chain. we strive to use resources wisely and help find solutions to larger environmental challenges. darden's vision is to be a company that positively affects our guests, employees, communities and business partners quite simply, we want to be a company that matters. darden takes a resource-focused approach to sustainability. our goal is to reduce the amount of resources we use at every restaurant and manage the inputs and outputs of our direct operations. darden focuses on opportunities where we can improve the sustainability, nutrition and safety of our supply chain by partnering with key suppliers, scientists, industry and communities. hear from clarence otis jr., chairman ceo, and andrew h. madsen, president coo, of darden restaurants read the letter
__label__non_math	0.9996	the french p t collection perfect for a cocktail party or appetizers at a family feast, this trio is a perennial favorite and makes a lovely hostess gift. dry-cured saucisson secserve saucisson sec with charcuterie for an ideal and easy party starter. take a walk on the wild side it doesn't get more free range than this. our wild boars are actually wild, and are humanely cage trapped in texas then brought to usda-inspected processing plants. the wild boars eat greens, native roots, acorns, and pretty much any agricultural crop they can access. as a result, farmers and ranchers in texas are fully supportive of the law that encourages hunters and trappers to cut down on the population of these nuisance hogs. this works to your advantage, because even in a state as large as texas, they can t eat all the wild boar our wild boar sausage is juicy, aromatic and full-flavored with mellow sweetness from a hint of sherry. the plump links are super-versatile ingredients: boar , salt, shallots, spices, sherry wine, sage, mustard, sugar, parsley, garlic meat from feral swine "any of d'artagnan's sausages will work in these stuffed mushrooms." "use capon or free-range chicken in this easy dish. and don't bother roasting and shelling your own chestnuts. buy them here, already roasted and shelled. " "this simple, hearty stew serves up a crowd-pleasing meal, perfect for a chilly fall evening. its rich, earthy flavors are delicately enhanced by the accompaniment of saut ed fresh organic mushrooms. " "this quick wild boar sausage and tomato ragout is a delicious topping for polenta and will work over your favorite pasta too. " "this stuffing relies on our wild boar sausage mixed with apples and cubed bread. enjoy it with turkey or chicken."
__label__non_math	1.0000	a wine decanter will improve your drink almost any still wine will benefit from decanting. as a rule the wines which are most likely to benefit are young reds and older, tougher wines. a young wine will improve with the extra aeration from decanting, whilst any deposits in an older wine will be eliminated. always decant wine in your crystal glass decanter one to four hours prior to serving, depending on its origin and age. first remove the capsule and wipe the neck with a cloth, then remove the cork and wipe again with the cloth. finally pour the wine into the carafe. many of our wine decanters can also be personalised. once you have chosen your ideal decanter look out for the "engrave this item" banner.
__label__non_math	0.9998	shipping your vehicle has never been easier das haul of fame inductee list exceeds twenty award recognizing drivers with more than one million miles accident-free, grows dallas dependable auto shippers das , one of the largest auto transport companies in the u.s. since , recently inducted its twenty-first driver into the haul of fame, an awards program recognizing outstanding das drivers who have accumulated million-mile increments accident-free. the most recent haul of fame award recipients include: donald walker and charles holloway with three million miles; jeff crisp, donnie parsons, michael ray, gary buntin posthumously and ryan barr with two million miles; and leroy floyd, don odems, derrick lee and michael benson with one million miles. das is proud to employ such a large number of exceptional drivers and applauds this group s hard work and well-deserved recognition, stated john roehll, executive vice president of das. the haul of fame awards program demonstrates das ongoing commitment to unmatched standards for safety and service, and we re excited to watch the program grow as more das drivers make the grade. to qualify for the das haul of fame, drivers must have accumulated at least one million miles of accident-free driving throughout their entire career. das references industry standards when classifying accident-free miles as mileage that does not include recordable, preventable collisions. once a driver qualifies for the haul of fame, they are given a personalized award and crest-shaped sticker to proudly display on their truck. in addition, each recipient s name is added to a plaque hanging in the das corporate office. when we launched the haul of fame, we saw it as a way to thank our drivers for their hard work and attention to safety, added roehll. as the program has grown, it s highlighted what an elite group of drivers we have at das. especially when you consider the challenges and situations our drivers face on a daily basis, one million miles without an accident is truly a remarkable accomplishment. founded in , dallas-based dependable auto shippers das is one of the largest vehicle shipping service providers in the world. with more than certified partner facilities, das safely and efficiently transports more than 100,000 vehicles each year. das ships everything from cars and motorcycles to vans and specialty vehicles via a variety of proven auto shipping methods. das provides vehicle transport services to customers anywhere across the country and around the world, including individuals, corporations and anyone that has the need to ship a vehicle. for more information about shipping with das, visit
__label__non_math	1.0000	as a newly hired it head at the daily racing form, i was presented with an outdated set of publishing systems and processes. the digital face of the company, was affected the most by this deficiency. with the decline in print business the web site needed modern tools to provide fresh and timely content to its customers. several vendors were brought on board to help us build the new web and print cms, integrate them and provide capabilities to explore drf's content breath and depth. all vendors had a challenge of transforming the business in a very short timeframe and a limited budget and dpci was the only one to make the cut. following dpci's proven methodology of careful requirements gathering, process and resource evaluation, and analysis, dpci helped us transform the publishing infrastructure. this provided drf with a lean and efficient print operation while allowing the company to quickly push relevant content to the web site and allow for addition of various e-commerce elements that promote impulse buying. our seo capabilities have also improved immensely. as the project moved forward, the business endeavoured to redesign the site in the same timeframe with a new web content management system deployment. this addition would ordinarily derail any project, yet dpci helped us face the challenge and deliver both initiatives. as a direct result of the new capabilities the company saw the highest unique visitor counts in its 116 years.
__label__non_math	0.9874	- data recovery from - laptop hard drive - desktop hard drive - external drive - raid - array of drives - flash memory ssd - recovery report - checking the results laptop drives for data recovery there is a small ." or even tiny .or .inch hard disk drive inside almost every laptop or notebook computer. some of the light-weight and thin laptops have solid state drives, mostly with the same connectors and body shape, except few ssd models that look more like ram memory sticks, with the exposed nand flash memory elements like the one used in new mac book air. the miniature laptop drive design makes any repairs, accompanying follow-up actual data retrieval steps, more delicate and skill refined process and requires using of special tooling, equipment and expertise in advanced digital recovery technologies. the data recovery process requires only the bare drive that needs be extracted from your laptop case. to remove the hard drive from your computer refer to the manufacturer manual. alternatively, there are plenty of online quality sources about drive removal with pictures, graphics, or even videos. we have also placed a few illustrated articles with the hard drive instructions on our website. don't forget to remove and retain for future using all brackets, side screws, interface adapters and other elements from the drive before sending one out to the lab. you may need all these items to install a new replacement drive into the same computer. some laptops are very sophisticated in the design and do not give an easy access to the drive even for an experienced technician. if you have a problem removing the failed drive with data, you may ship the whole laptop computer to the lab in one piece and we'll take care of it. our lab supports all of the laptop hard disk drive models for data recovery. the micro mechanics of laptop hard drives still can be a challenge for the most of experienced recovery technicians. databe lab has been investing the decades of years in experience to resolve the hardest data recovery tasks, and that time was generously repaid by inventions of new methods and developments of unique instruments for safe and fast reading information from damaged disks. hybrid hard drives for laptops the classic hard drive is much safer, reliable, and cost-effective storage device for user data files, however hdd loses the fight for speed with ssd-flash type drives. today the major drive makers start to utilize flash-memory technology to deliver ssd-like performance in the new hybrid hard drives. if you decide to upgrade your old drive to the hybrid kind - to increase the performance of your pc, or mac system - it should not be a problem at all, as the hybrid drive installs and works just like a regular hard drive. databe lab works with hybrid drives at the same rates as the classic ones, with the exception to the pure ssd. ssd stands for solid state drive, and is supported in our lab too, but at the different price niche. databe support for laptop hard drives we recover all brands makes of laptop hard drives, including fujitsu, hitachi, samsung, seagate, toshiba, western digital. all form-factors are supported: .", .", " microdrive with any installed operating system like: - for pc computers: all microsoft os including windows xp and vista , linux unix - for apple macintosh computers: all mac os, windows for apple - vmware virtual machines here are some common tips of how to remove failed hard drive from laptop notebook computer: . turn off your computer. unplug and remove any cables connected to the computer, including the ac adaptor. remove the battery. . turn the computer upside down to locate the hard drive slot cover. you may need a small phillips screwdriver to loosen the captive screws that secure the hard drive slot cover, if required. . gently remove the drive from the slot. on some laptop models you will need to loosen ribbon cable or disconnect drive adapter from drive. . remove from the hard drive any frames, adapters, side screws if they are not parts of the drive itself. you will need them to install a new drive into your laptop later. . pack the drive by following shipping instructions to learn more about detailed hard drive removal techniques with sample illustrations use the help links below: hard drive removal instructions for the following laptop computers: - acer travelmate, extensa, ferrari and aspire - apple macbook, macbook air and macbook pro, powerbook g4 - compaq evo, armada, lte, presario - dell inspiron, latitude, precision, vostro, xps - ibm lenovo thinkpad, ideapad - hewlett-packard hp pavilion, hp omnibook, hp compaq notebooks - sony vaio - toshiba dynabook, equium, portege, tecra, satellite, qosmio, libretto wd laptop hdd support seagate laptop hdd support toshiba laptop hdd support fujitsu laptop hdd support hitachi laptop hdd support samsung laptop hdd support recent problem solved branko d., denver, colorado, united states : toshiba mk6008gah the drive is experiencing a problem with booting the system. i suspect the corruption of the booting sectors. tested hard drive on the different laptop and the same error: no drive found. the drive is a small laptop type, only .', coming from toshiba laptop computer. the files i need mostly are in quickbooks, and emails. your work on the drive is much appreciated. i'm pleased with the whole process; the technical support is very helpful, reliable and will definitely recommend your recovery service...
__label__non_math	1.0000	calgary photographer specializing in on-location photography in calgary, cochrane, airdrie and surrounding areas. i look forward to helping you capture life's most precious moments. dat s photography has many photo packages to meet all your needs. dean has been working as an optician, contact lens practitioner for the past years. with this in mind of all proceeds from dat s photography s photo sessions and the sale of fine art prints and merchandise will be used to fund optical missions to third world countries. optical missions collect and distribute used eyewear donated be people like you. the glasses are then dispensed to people with visual needs in third word countries. you can help by donating your used eyewear to your local optical shop and by using dat s photography. photographer : dean thompson
__label__non_math	0.7232	in digital imaging, there are 256 levels, or tonal values, ranging from black to white. black is level . white is level 255. of course, not all images e.g. extreme foggy, misty, atmospheric shots contain the full tonal range from black to white, but most do. the histogram levels is a graphical representation of the tonal values in an image. ideally, it should range from to 255, with a good spread of tonal values throughout. if the histogram is bunched up towards the left, it indicates the image is under-exposed. note the crushed shadow detail. if bunched up towards the right, it's over exposed. note the blown-out highlights. if the black and white points are set incorrectly, the image will have a dull, flat, washed-out appearance. here they're wrongly set to 230. unless under instructions from a repro bureau or printer, you should not set the black white points to anything other than 255. the printer may well adjust them later for technical reasons to do with repro, but don't try to guess what's required. it's true that some leeway is acceptable e.g. up to is usually ok , but your images will lack visual impact if the black white points are incorrect, so don't do this as a matter of course. in the vast majority of cases, it's best to set them to 255.
__label__non_math	1.0000	stages of a criminal case tarrant county criminal defense lawyer david e. cook each criminal case is different. some require more investigation, more behind-the-scenes negotiation or more court hearings; some require less. the three most important stages of a criminal case for you to be aware of going forward are as follows: - the preliminary hearing: you will be required to attend this hearing and should not be late for it or your bond may be forfeited and an arrest warrant issued. at this hearing, we will be able to get whatever evidence the prosecution has gathered to use in its case against you. there will also be a plea offer, which we can discuss in detail once we ve had a chance to evaluate the state s evidence. - negotiations: with more than years of criminal defense experience in tarrant county and north texas, david e. cook knows how to make the law and the system work to his clients advantage. in addition, mr. cook s familiarity with diversion programs for certain classes of offenders, and other options, also benefit his clients as does the credibility he has established with local prosecutors and judges throughout the course of his career. - trial: if you are innocent of the charges against you, or if an acceptable plea agreement cannot be reached through negotiation, our law firm will be prepared to vigorously defend you and protect your rights at trial. how soon you get a court date for trial depends on what you ve been charged with, what county you re case is in, your court, as well as several other factors. be prepared to wait for at least a few months, however. in the meantime, attorney cook will take time to help you understand your rights, discuss strategies and your available defense options, and prepare you for what to expect every step of the way. take action to protect your rights and future at the bedford, texas, law office of david e. cook, we put years of substantial and proven experience behind our clients. we understand the local court systems, and we know what to expect from prosecutors and judges who will be involved in your case. rely on our practical and legal experience for your defense. schedule a free initial consultation today by calling us in the fort worth area at 817-545- or by contacting us online.
__label__non_math	0.9973	midnight m lange encompasses the moonlight and starlight collections inspired by the dark beauty and romance of the parisian night sky. "paris in the daytime is beautiful, but paris at night is spectacular. . . it s about dreams. it s about contrast: dark and light, muses david yurman, remembering his first moments of inspiration. the dramatic transformation of the night sky, with its deepening coloration and celestial bodies are reflected in diamonds set in darkened silver. these handcrafted sculptural pieces inherently sensual in design are hammered, polished and finished by the finest artisans.
__label__non_math	0.9492	renaissance merges sculptural form with the brilliant jewel tones found in classical painting to produce a collection that is quintessential david yurman. artists of the renaissance looked to the classics for inspiration and infused their work with innovative techniques and a new aesthetic sensibility. in , david yurman did the same with the development of cable. cable exemplifies the designer s motto of "continuing in the classic tradition with references to ancient greek and roman, egyptian and celtic forms. twisting multiple strands of hollow metal into a cohesive helix, cable is david yurman s iconic design and signature motif.
__label__non_math	1.0000	james dean and marlon brando challenged the status quo forever. making t-shirts and jeans part of their declaration of independence manifesto. now s your chance to manifest your own free spirit, with an amazing range of t-shirts to wear with jeans, leggings or nothing at all. our t-shirts come in short cropped styles, tank top silhouettes and tunic lengths in ultra light, drapey fabrics that will caress your body. available in a range of colours for layering underneath your good girl blazer or bad girl biker jacket. try our 2nd day logo t-shirt to make a bold statement. or a low-cut white t-shirt as the backdrop for some heavy metal jewellery. if james or marlon were alive today, they would be so into you ...
__label__non_math	1.0000	daytona resort club here is complete information about the daytona resort club, including photos, a calendar of timeshare weeks, resort information, message board, a map of the area, video tour, and listings of restaurants, night life, shopping, and other things to do. this owner-owned resort consists of several large two-bedroom, two-bath suites and a few one-bedroom units. please browse our site and feel free to e-mail us with any questions you have. we look forward to meeting you in person elvis spotted in daytona beach near the drc daytona resort club resort: fun 253- sales: fun 255- e-mail us at dayresclub may have read about the on our facebook page. a hard rock hotel and caf is coming to daytona beach, and it will be just a five-minute stroll yes, we timed it from the drc the hard rock property will be right on the beach, to be built on a large vacant lot north of silver beach and just south of sunsplash park. expected completion is in time for the daytona 500, in . as you might imagine, local commercial real estate agents are going crazy right now, and our office phone has also been ringing more than usual. we are very optimistic about this big news and couldn't wait to share it with you. we feel that this development will spark investment in our neighborhood, with more upscale restaurants and attractions being built on existing vacant land and replacing aging properties. drc owners and guests will benefit from our new neighbor in so many ways. as a vacation destination, we'll have so much more to offer than ever before i'm sure many of you are thinking to yourself, "i wonder if we should buy that second unit and refer our friends and family to do the same?" we at drc couldn't agree more that now is certainly the time for action. prices are still at historic lows so don t we look forward to hearing from you links to newspaper articles for sales information, call jody at 386 255- the daytona resort club is the area s premiere timeshare resort, a favorite among owners, exchangers and renters. the daytona resort club is just a short walk from the world's most famous beach.
__label__non_math	1.0000	prada presents their new made to order lettering service exclusively on prada.com and in twelve of their key prada stores across the world. with possibilities of differing styles, prada's iconic items from the travel collection can now be adorned with your chosen initials. backpacks, trolleys and shopping bags in saffiano leather or camouflage print can be customised with the attachment of multicoloured initials. each letter has been matched with a colour and a graphic motif, also in saffiano leather. the service will be available from january 15th at prada.com and at select boutiques in milan, rome, paris, london, monaco, new york, tokyo, nagoya, hong kong, beijing and hong kong.
__label__non_math	0.9985	dc action for children k street, nw, suite washington, dc dc action for children dc action , in partnership with national black child development institute nbcdi , seeks to enhance the work of supporting families, centers and schools by providing parallel tracks of support to parents and teachers to improve overall child well-being, with a specific focus on the helping our youngest children living in low-income families in ward and to learn, grow and thrive. see the press release here parents play a critical role in their children s experiences from their earliest years. our overarching goal is to prepare children for success in school and life by empowering parents with advocacy skills needed to be their strongest advocate. building on comprehensive models such as head start, where parent engagement and empowerment is equally important to student engagement and teacher quality, dc action and nbcdi developed a theory of change on the principle that when parents are supported in practicing positive parenting behaviors and have the knowledge, skills and opportunities to participate in the advocacy process, they become empowered to actively engage in changing not only their family, but also their community.
__label__non_math	1.0000	company:quality health strategies local opportunities all opportunities location s : centreville rd quality health strategies, inc. is a group of companies with more than years of experience in conducting and evaluating health care quality improvement initiatives. affiliates include delmarva foundation for medical care, delmarva foundation of the district of columbia, health integrity, llc., and quality health foundation. through innovation, high quality work and analysis, and effective partnerships, we have rapidly grown from a small, regionally based professional review organization into a nationally recognized organization that responsibly serves a diverse customer base from the centers for medicare and medicaid services "cms" , to states across the country, and to organizations and providers that provide health care and health related services. quality health strategies and its affiliated companies give you the opportunity to work on a diverse portfolio of contracts, allowing you to build expertise in a variety of settings with unique challenges: utilization management external quality review medicare medicaid program safeguard and integrity patient safety quality improvement and assurance for developmentally disabled, long term care, acute care, nursing home, hospital and physician office we have a record of consistent profitability, and with a substantial balance sheet, we are poised to continue that strong performance and growth rate. that growth will occur through maintaining and developing current client relationships, further geographic expansion of established service lines, and continued innovation in the creation of new services and markets that build on the company s core strengths and capabilities. we provide services to numerous states from twelve offices located in massachusetts, maryland, the district of columbia, georgia, georgia, texas and oklahoma. if you are looking for a challenging career - contact us today.
__label__non_math	0.9961	united's back four responds to challenge in d.c. united's first two contests of ,there was really only one choice to take home man of the match honors. unfortunately for the black-and-red, it was their goalie. under siege against both kansas city and losangeles, united's field players took a back seat to the club's netminders. that changed dramatically on saturdaynight, as goalkeeper joe willis earned a shutout in vancouver without making asingle save. "i didn't have to face one shottonight," willis said after posting a blank sheet for the second time inhis mls career. "our centralbacks were great. every set piece, eric hassli was marked up tight and never got a look. our outside backs did great. the team as a whole defended reallywell." after allowing eight shots on net in each oftheir first two matches, the d.c. defense faced the daunting task of shuttingdown vancouver's dangerous front four. while some may have looked to pack defenders behind the ball in hopes ofslowing the whitecaps, ben olsen challenged his group to be moreaggressive. in front of ,334rowdy fans at bc place, united's back four responded. "teams weren't afraid to play us,"admitted defender brandon mcdonald from united's locker room. "coming into this game we weretalking about having that bite and grit and i think we brought that today. "it was a real group effort, i thought theback line was so steady," added olsen. " vancouver has a little bit of everything andthey can hurt you in so many ways, so to keep them off the board was a credit toour defense." as key as d.c.'s attitude shift may have beenin earning the club's first point of , olsen also deserves some credit forpersonnel moves along the backline. the second-year coach inserted emiliano dudar next to mcdonald at theheart of united's defense and the argentine turned in an impressiveeffort. vancouver pumped ballafter ball towards hassli only to see the -foot-dudar deny him atall angles. with their targetforward essentially locked down, the whitecaps took their attack out wide. it was there that olsen's second back-fourswap paid off. after being replaced by chris korb in losangeles, daniel woolard returned to the starting eleven with the unenviable assignment of shutting down vancouver's wings. time and time again, the under-appreciated defender emerged victoriousfrom one-on-one battles with david chiumiento and camilo sanvezzo. none of woolard s triumphs was biggerthan in the 68th minute, when the defender bullied sanvezzo off the ball deepin united's box. "daniel is mr. consistent," saidwillis. "he shut down both ofthose guys all night. there are severalone-on-one situations i can think of where they were threatening and daniel wasthere to shut it down. he's a goodleft back and i was glad he was there to help me out today." with the tie, united escapes the easternconference cellar ahead of a stretch where the black-and-red will play five ofsix matches at rfk stadium. d.c.returns to action next friday against fc dallas with kickoff scheduled for :30p.m.
__label__non_math	0.9998	. you own your own words. in practical terms this means you own the discussion purposes you should not post the work of others without their explicit permission. . the moderators and system operators reserve the right to remove postings as necessary for any reason, from general housekeeping to . be respectful and civil with your fellow participants. over -odd years of deadheaddom, experience, mileage and perspective vary a whole lot, and we want this to be a hospitable place. . respect your fellow participants' time and attention. think before you post, and post in the relevant topic. . as the old adage says, never say anything online that you wouldn't want to see on the front page of the new york times. rule notwithstanding, as a practical matter there is no guarantee that anything you post here will not wind up on 600 blogs, homeland security's database, digg, or your prospective employer's google search. post accordingly. the content of this field is kept private and will not be shown publicly.
__label__non_math	0.8845	exactly two weeks after chuck lorre s now infamous if charlie sheen outlives me, i m gonna be really pissed vanity card at the end of the final for now episode of two and half men, which triggered sheen s vicious attacks against him, the men co-creator weighed in on sheen s assaults sort of in his latest vanity card. the card, which aired tonight at the end of lorre s newest series, cbs comedy mike molly, is in the rambling, stream-of-consciousness style of most of sheen s rants. it s hard to make sense of it if there is sense to be made . most intriguing is the ending: the fall from grace is, in fact, a sprint from grace. or perhaps more accurately, screw grace, i am so outta here is it a reference to lorre s sitcom grace under fire, which went through a similar ordeal dealing with the drug problem of star brett butler? after one unplanned hiatus while butler was in rehab, the actress increasingly erratic behavior became too much for abc to handle, and the network pulled the plug on the show despite strong ratings. here is the text of tonight s lorre vanity card: chuck lorre productions, 334 i understand that i m under a lot of pressure to respond to certain statements made about me recently. the following are my uncensored thoughts. i hope this will put an end to any further speculation. i believe that consciousness creates the illusion of individuation, the false feeling of being separate. in other words, i am aware, ergo i am alone. i further believe that this existential misunderstanding is the prime motivating force for the neurotic compulsion to blot out consciousness. this explains the paradox of our culture, which celebrates the ego while simultaneously promoting its evisceration with drugs and alcohol. it also clarifies our deep-seated fear of monolithic, one-minded systems like communism, religious fundamentalism, zombies and invaders from mars. each one is a dark echo of an oceanic state of unifying transcendence from which consciousness must, by nature, flee. the fall from grace is, in fact, a sprint from grace. or perhaps more accurately, screw grace, i am so outta here 1st aired: february
__label__non_math	0.9986	wednesday night was sony s night to shine at cinemacon in las vegas as they became the first major studio to simply present a straight and slickly produced product reel rather than a more elaborate dog and pony show in which stars, directors and producers are trotted out to briefly plug their movies in front of the assembled exhibitors. for sony though it was strictly business beginnning with a dry plug for their digital efforts ready to play in top notch and newly equipped theatres. get the hint, theatre owners? president of world wide distribution rory bruer led the charge for sony s slate. he mentioned the studio had a record five films slated for imax presentations this year and a kick-ass product reel that rivals anything he has previously seen in his quarter century at the studio. as for the nuts and bolts of the slickly produced reel, it is clear sony is largely playing it safe with titles that will be easily recognized by consumers with the amazing spider-man reboot, another james bond, men in black , total recall and an 11th adam sandler comedy. this is the kind of slate that doesn t keep studio execs up at night wondering if their job will be on the line. it is full of sure things and sony topper amy pascal has shrewdly created a mixture of styles and film offerings designed to appeal to just about everyone, at least based on past habits. starting off the reel was the action-packed august release, total recall, a total remake with colin farrell and kate beckinsale of the action flick that made tons of money for tri star and helped further establish arnold schwarzenegger and sharon stone as major movie names. the reel also featured a joseph gordon levitt drama, premium rush now promised for august along with what looked to be another by-the -numbers dumbass adam sandler comedy, that s my boy set for june in which he is the immature half of a father son team that also features snl s andy samberg. sandler, whose november sony comedy jack and jill recently pulled off a complete sweep of the razzie awards as the year s worst, tends to mint money for the studio and the exhib crowd ate it up. following that one of the more promising titles, at least as far as adults are concerned , is recent three-time oscar winner meryl streep s latest, hope springs, an august release which is being sold as a light comedy from david frankel , the director of her the devil wears prada, but which is really what i am tipped is an alexander payne-style darker dramedy that features an oscar-level best actor performance from co-star tommy lee jones who plays streep s sexually deprived hubby. steve carell is their shrink. it looks good, maybe a little better than that, and thankfully something the studio can tout during awards season. there were more promising films on the reel including the bruce willis-joseph gordon levitt action drama loopers set for september along with fall entries like here comes the boom with kevin james as an unlikely cage fighter, and the pop soul musical remake, sparkle with american idol s jordin sparks and the last film appearance of the late whitney houston in her movie comeback. one to see. then there was the latest james bond pic, skyfall november which saw its intriguing teaser trailer world-premiered for the exhibitor crowd. the 3d portion of the reel contained extended looks at may s men in black , resident evil 3d: retribution due in september, the animated hotel transylvania due at the end of september and of course, the rebooted the amazing spider man with andrew garfield and emma stone. the preview of that one was a highlight of the reel and focused on an awkward high school hall encounter between the pair as well as the non-stop action the rest of the film promises and provides. and with that it was done, a presentation in under an hour that highlighted what sony wanted to be highlighted and lifted the exhib s box office-hungry heart beats along the way. before beginning his no-frills presentation bruer took time to note that the studio s early releases, underworld: awakening, the vow, jump street and last weekend s million dollar grosser, think like a man, all opened to the no. position and or major bucks at the box office. of course three of those were from clint culpepper s screen gems label which has been having a particularly good year so far and has been leading the early sony charge up the top of the charts. aardman s funny and clever toon the pirates band of misfits is next up for sony this friday but there was no mention of it from the stage.among future titles highlighted by bruer are another 3d round with the smurfs, a will and jaden smith father-son teaming on after earth, a serious tom hanks project, 3d reboots of the evil dead and robocop as well as a roland emmerich disaster flick. white house down not to be confused with black hawk down . in other words nothing out of sony s wheelhouse but the kind of bread and buttered popcorn fare that makes the studio one of hollywood s most dependable suppliers. still you hope and pray for another the social network or moneyball just to keep things interesting. dark shadows , dark knight rises light up warners summer preview the hobbit footage in new format draws lukewarm response universal rolls out new footage as travolta, theron, renner, stewart hit cinemacon 20th century fox unveils slate: return of ice age , taken , ridley scott, ben stiller fox premieres stunning footage of ang lee s 3d epic the life of pi disney struts slate to exhibitors lionsgate debuts expendables at cinemacon sacha baron cohen steals the show at paramount presentation awards columnist pete hammond - tip him here.
__label__non_math	0.9468	reviews : search results for man is mostly water review for man is mostly water: man is mostly water split w exit the king denton, texas' man is mostly water share more than just a home state and this split with their buddies in exit the king; they also have their differences as well. much like the exit the king side of the split, we are greeted with two brand new tracks of chaotic hardcore, however, mimw is a bit more chaotic, and slightly less...
__label__math	0.6229	you don't have tivoftpd installed? there's an rz on tivo, so you should be able to use zmodem across telnet. it looks like busybox supports rsync, so you could use that, too. you could even open a text editor on the tivo, and copy paste it in, it's only a couple of screens. but, of course, when i try to download the files to my computer, it starts the download then stops immediately without downloading the file. kmttg gives me the following information log when i attempt to download: ok, so it's a fail. but now the shows won't even play at all usr bin curl --anyauth --globoff --user tivo:mak --insecure --cookie-jar tmp cookie7617099641452288171.tmp --url --output " users phoenix movies tivo recordings converted xxxx xxxxx - bad blood .tivo" users phoenix movies tivo recordings converted xxxx xxxxx - bad blood .tivo: mb .mbps resource not found download failed to file: users phoenix movies tivo recordings converted xxxx xxxxx - bad blood .tivo exit code: total received xferd average speed time time time current dload upload total spent left speed xxxx xxxxx - bad blood .tivo: download attempt scheduled in seconds. xxxx xxxxx - bad blood .tivo: too many failed downloads, giving up ...which i obviously receive because how else would i have gotten the recordings? lol. so anyone got a reason for this? i'm guessing i should just completely remove the removedrmall.tcl and the cpiremover.tclthe tivo hd dvr was not able to record this program because there was no video signal on the channel. you may have been trying to record on a channel that you don't receive last edited by heartbreaker; at . reason: added information if you do a truncated backup with -f you wind up including the database of what's recorded without including the actual recordings and get the same error message if you try to play one. last edited by unitron; at . reason: edited to change notification option too busy tivo wrangling to watch television anymore. that, however, is not what i thought, although it was as a result of moving from one drive to another that i learned what i did, so i can see how he misunderstood what i meant. i was under the impression that you had somehow modified the software on your tivo's hard drive and afterwards gotten that error message. i was pointing out that the tivo not being able to find a recording in the location it expects it to be can cause that error message. it isn't correct, but apparently that's the one it picks out of its non-infinite error message database when it encounters that situation. now as to why it can't find the recording at the location on the hard drive where it expects to, i can't say. perhaps something has damaged or changed the first sector on which the show is recorded, or perhaps the way it describes where the show is is relative 953rd sector on partition "x", or on partition named "y" rather than absolute ,993,287th sector from the begining of the drive regardless of partition map , and something has shifted all of those references. now if you also moved from one drive to another in addition to screwing around with the software that means you very well may have copied over the index of the shows without copying over the shows themselves, or that the shows may have landing in locations different from their previous ones, either absolute or relative. too busy tivo wrangling to watch television anymore. of course, the other possibility is that the recording in question was encrypted. if that was the case, then by removing the drm info you also removed the information necessary to decrypt it for playback. removedrmall.tcl does this on line 53which wiped out the encryption keys for your shows. hence the tivo can't play them back now. if i read the thread correctly, you have a truncated backup of this exact drive? if so, then you might be able to rescue the mfs values that you inadvertently clobbered when you executed the removedrmall.tcl script . however, recovering the mfs mediaencryptionkey values from the truncated backup and recreating on the "live" drive is non-trivial. as would be recovering them from mfs rubbish assuming that the garbage collector hasn't gotten to them already .code:dbobj drmpart remove mediaencryptionkey for the benefit of any future readers of this thread: from coaxe59's post in this thread here, and an inspection of the two scripts in this thread, it appears that the the only mfs value you should have removed changed was the copyprotectioninfo value not the signature, signaturetype, mediaencryptionkey, nor mediaencryptionkeytype objects . attached it a revised version of jkozee's removedrmall.tcl which should accomplish only that merely commented out six lines . warning: only use this script if you've already applied the patches found in this thread here last edited by tivo4mevo; at . for those that haven't been following along, these patches supposedly bypass the checks on a recording's drm signatures. in theory this should allow you to selectively remove items from the drm mfs object for a recording. normally that would invalidate the signature but with these patches in place the tivo should ignore the signature all together.code:.0j 0x0056aaf4 "1200ffaf 1000ffaf" 0x00598774 "1200ff87 1000ff87" ok, so just to be sure i understand, i need to upload and install the 51killer.tcl patch and then the removecpiall.tcl and with that, the shows that are unable to playback should work again? ...would this also allow me to transfer the shows to my pc? again, relative newbie here - so i want to be sure i run this via telnet correctly. so it would look as follows?? assuming i upload 51killer.tcl removecpiall.tcl in var : chmod 755 51killer.tcl chmod 755 removecpiall.tcl no. your problem is a bit more serious at this point. once the commands are executed in the removedrmall.tcl file deleting all of the keys for your recordings , there's no going back. you basically have three options from what i can see: . using the existing drive, extract the missing objects from mfs signature, signaturetype, mediaencryptionkey, mediaencryptionkeytype, etc for each recording and then somehow restore them onto your current drive. . try to recover the deleted objects from the rubbish directory in mfs, if they are still there. it's kind of like a "recycling bin" for the mfs that gets emptied regularly. . start over by cloning the original drive. and require a fairly good knowledge of the mfs and maybe some tcl scripting. is the easiest.
__label__non_math	0.9849	the airlife brand misty max disposable nebulizers deliver fast and effective treatment more efficiently to a wide range of patients. they feature a one-piece jet design that delivers high output rates, resulting in faster treatment times and consistent medication delivery. a full 10cc capacity provides medication dosing flexibility. the anti-spill design helps prevent medication waste and allows the unit to be used at an angle to accommodate various patient positions. - an advanced jet design for fast treatment times - provide fine particles with a tighter distribution higher percentage of respirable particles than conventional nebulizers - with pediatric aerosol mask and oxygen tubing with blue rigid tip error processing dynamic tag getcurrentattribute 'item', 'custitemreviewshtml' : record invtpart not found write your own review
__label__non_math	0.7297	samsung un55c7000 -inch 1080p class led 3d hdtv refurb posted at : experience impressive visuals like no other with the samsung un55c7000 " class led 3d hdtv. the samsung un55c7000 " class led 3d hdtv lets you enjoy life-like visuals of your favorite movies. and add to cart for 100.off w coupon free shipping lcd tv deals compare samsung un55c7000 -inch 1080p class led 3d hdtv refurb at checkout similar deals... sharp lc-80le632u -inch 1080p 120hz led hdtv for samsung series -inch un50eh5300 1080p smart led tv hdtv free 849. samsung series -inch un46eh5300fxza 1080p led tv hdtv 749. samsung series -inch un40eh5000fxza 1080p led tv hdtv w 499. samsung un40eh5300 -inch 1080p 120hz led smart hdtv free 529. samsung un46f5500 -inch 1080p 60hz 120cmr led smart hdtv for . element eldfc403ha -inch 120hz 1080p lcd hdtv for . rca 46la45rq -inch class 1080p lcd tv for . toshiba 39l22u -inch 1080p 60hz led hdtv for . westinghouse dw50f1y1 -inch 1080p 120hz led hdtv for . westinghouse uw40t2bw -inch 120hz 1080p led lcd tv for . join hot deal alert newsletter pack livingquarters drinkware sets hampton bay ceiling fans on sale from . ryobi power paint tools on sale from . milwaukee fastback utility knife nintendo wii game console system pre-owned fandango: buy one movie ticket, get one for free for visa signature cardholders more top picks site links - submit a deal use of this website is subject to terms and conditions. please read the terms and conditions before using this site. if you use this site, you are agreeing to the terms and conditions of use attached hereto. dealsofamerica.com has financial relationships with some of the products, offers or credit cards mentioned here. dealsofamerica.com may be compensated if consumers choose to buy the product or apply and signup for the card using our content.
__label__non_math	0.9987	your email will never be shared or sold black friday, cyber monday, and other made up days... we're on top of them our deals have been featured in... this is an absurdly good deal on this -inch panasonic 3d smart tv. it's nearly 599.price, and at present, it's not available for shipping, but you can check out online and have it reserved for pickup at any stores that have it in stock. it might be worth driving a decent distance for at this ridiculously low price. to summarize, this is a large smart tv from a name brand with integrated wifi streams netflix hulu plus and 3d for . lowest price ever on the -inch panazonic tcl47et5 hdtv by 900 at amazon where it gets a . star customer rating. this whole bundle is way cheaper than when you buy the panasonic hdtv alone, which is normally at - when you buy separately. this promo is only until . we're finding stuff cheaper than black friday 849.99at dell home 749.99at dell home .00at green man gaming
__label__non_math	1.0000	in , dean mead attorney michael minton returned to his hometown of fort pierce to open an office in what is known as florida s treasure coast region. he and managing shareholder, joel zwemer, worked to expand the fort pierce office where our attorneys represent a diverse client base from palm beach county to indian river county and conducts business under the name dean, mead, minton zwemer. dean mead featured in florida trend magazine s treasure coast special section. dean, mead, minton zwemer and the firm s fort pierce office are featured in the february edition of florida trend magazine in the treasure coast community portrait. to see the cover story, and our firm s commitment to community ad, please click here. treasure coast connections the treasure coast derives its name from the many treasure ships that wrecked off the coast during the 17th and 18th centuries. spanning from indian river county south to st. lucie county and martin county, the region is shielded from the atlantic ocean by narrow sandbars and barrier islands that protect the shallow lagoons, rivers, and bays. today, fort pierce, port st. lucie and the treasure coast are home to some of florida s most pristine beaches and recreational fishing communities. the region offers a relaxed atmosphere for residents and tourists alike. in recent years, the communities of the treasure coast have made efforts to rebrand the region as the research coast in order to spotlight the area s world-class research institutions such as the harbor branch oceanographic institute, the university of florida institute of food and agricultural sciences, and florida atlantic university. the region has also become home to a growing number of biotechnology and life research companies including the oregon health science university vaccine gene therapy institute and torrey pines institute for molecular studies in port st. lucie. giving back to the community dean, mead, minton zwemer is proud of its commitment to the treasure coast through involvement with civic organizations and pro bono services. our attorneys not only support charitable organizations within the area but take an active role in leadership positions. community service has historically been one of the firm s core values and we share this philosophy with many of our clients and local businesses. in november of , we were honored to be selected as the outstanding corporate philanthropists of the year from the association of fundraising professionals treasure coast chapter. dean mead has donated more than .million of financial support to education, children s services and other philanthropy for the region over the past two decades. in addition to the firm s monetary contributions, dean mead s lawyers donate hundreds of hours to public service for the benefit of our community. we embrace the opportunity to take leadership roles on boards of many organizations throughout the treasure coast, including the united way of st. lucie county, the st. lucie county chamber of commerce, harbor branch oceanographic institute, treasure coast food bank, big brothers big sisters of st. lucie county and many more. firm president, michael minton, is a strong champion for education. he has served on the boards of several educational institutions, including the indian river state college foundation board of trustees and the university of florida college of law center association board of trustees, and as co-chair of the university of central florida college of medicine charter class scholarship fundraising committee. following his example, key shareholders within dean mead are making a difference. shareholder lee dobbins served as president of the st. lucie county chamber of commerce, as a founding member of the board of directors of the st. lucie county economic development council, and served on the board of directors of the st. lucie county education foundation and the st. lucie county council on aging. shareholder dennis corrick served as chairman of the united way of st. lucie county in and helped the organization exceed its campaign goal by raising .million for united way agencies in st. lucie county. he s also been instrumental as a member of the board of directors of the st. lucie county chamber of commerce since , and was appointed by governor crist to the children s services council of st. lucie county. shareholder joel zwemer has been helping to steer growth in st. lucie county as a member of the board of directors of the economic development council since , and as a member of the treasure coast builders association. in addition, he has served as a member of the board of directors for the education foundation of indian river county shareholder brad gould served as chairman of the board of directors of big brothers big sisters of st. lucie, indian river and okeechobee counties and has been a director since . in addition, he currently serves as chairman of the parent academy of st. lucie county. for consecutive years, dean mead has partnered with indian river state college to support the president s challenge to soar take stock in children scholarship program. this beneficial program works to break the poverty cycle by giving at-risk eighth and ninth graders in indian river, st. lucie, martin and okeechobee counties the promise of a full scholarship at a florida college or university if they stay out of trouble, maintain a decent gpa and graduate from high school. to date, more than 800 scholarships have been awarded. dean mead played a key role in the restoration and reopening of the 1920s-era sunrise theatre in historic downtown fort pierce. we donated over while also helping to raise the remaining funds needed to revitalize the theatre as a place all can enjoy. in november , the sunrise theatre was the location of the firm s 30th anniversary celebration with more than 100 clients and local business leaders in attendance. through hard work and community support, the sunrise theatre has once again become a focal point for economic development and entertainment in downtown fort pierce.
__label__non_math	0.9998	"dream lofty dreams, and as you dream, so shall you become. your vision is the promise of what you shall at last unveil." this is my 400th post -- something i never dreamed of when i first began blogging wishing you joy in the new year note: if you do not have a blog of your own, you may still enter. please leave your email address, so that i can contact you if you win. :
__label__non_math	0.9668	i know what you re thinking. you re thinking breakfast. factbomb: people spend a little under one day a month thinking about food. that is an insane amount of time, if you think about it. have you ever done anything for two years, buddy? have you? in my day we shat two years for breakfast. breakfast, though. ha-cha you know nothing about anything unless supertramp sang it, man. that shit, that shit back in the day, man, they were great. they were really great. sorry. where was i? ah yes. breakfast. think about it. look. here s what i m gonna do. i m gonna give you a little push. i m gonna make you want that breakfast. just stay right here, ok? did you see that shit? yeah. bacon. bacon is america s cocaine: we need it, we want it, we love it. maybe we love a little cocaine bacon with our supertramp. i mean shit, dude, could you fucking imagine eating bacon, eggs, toast, while doing a little bit of cocaine and listening to the logical song ? i just blew your fucking mind. you just got a hard-on. if you re a lady you just got a wide-on. that s what they call them. look it up. aww fuck, man, goodbye stranger just came on. this is such my jam i mean don t you just want to fuck your mouth with that? don t you just want to shove the spoon in your face like it is giving the mana of life? my friend you will suckle from the teat of cereal your whole life. that whole aisle in the supermarket is a big fucking metaphor for birth and death i mean think about how they re laid out for a second dude kids stuff, kinda adult stuff, health shit, and then oatmeal. it s a fucking metaphor and i m right and you are right now emailing all your friends with this newfound information. but yeah there are also waffles. i don t think you can have waffles for any other meal. i feel like that would be cheating. dude i just got really paranoid. nah i m cool. i m cool. but waffles, though. yo gimme all those donuts tho prez obama there s coffee too but you can have that all day. that shit is so legit. can you imagine the first guy to make coffee? like, hey i m gonna roast the shit out of these beans and then grind them up and put them in water how about that. that guy must have been hecka bored. the same thing about milk, though, too, i mean, if you think about it. can you imagine being the first dude to get under a cow and have a tug? what if your caveman buddy walked in on you? how would you explain it? milk, dude. that shit is so weird if you think about it. holy fuck i didn t even get to bagels yet smoked salmon and dough in my face all day. that must be what being rich is like, eating a bagel, nawadamean? like it s all chewy and happy yet savory. bagels. man, they don t even do bagels on the west coast. i could never handle that. bagels in la? fuhgedaboudit. can t find em. there are like five places by me though here in brooklyn. dude, even obama likes breakfast. anyway so, yes, in summation, class, breakfast is fantastic. vote breakfast in this and every election. aight i m out. guess what i m gonna eat. guess. starts with a b . ends with an agel ohhhhhh snap thats right its a bagelllll.
__label__non_math	0.9992	there s much buzz about topless photos that have emerged of british royal kate middleton. they were taken while the duchess of cambridge was dressing at a remote house um, rocket scientist tip: close the drapes blinds . . . einstein-level advice, i know . but far more offensive are the photos such as those below of middleton wearing the islamic headscarf and otherwise pandering to muslims in malaysia by removing her shoes along with her prince husband, in deference to islam. remember, this is the country whose leader to great cheers called for more islamic homicide bombings and mass murders of jews and a final victory of the world s muslims against the jews. and, per usual, the british royals are pandering to the malaysians, despite that. for all the talk about kate and william being fresh blood and faces, their islamo-pandering behavior kissing the asses of those who openly support islamic terrorism is the same old crap we saw from queen elizabeth who refuses to ever visit israel and her inbred son, prince charles of i wish i was your tampon fame, who appointed himself the ambassador for islam. they heart islam . . . the duke and duchess of cambridge, william and kate, are the same old thing, with better fashions and fewer wrinkles. oh, and by the way, the anti-semitic, anti-israel site, london muslim, is having orgasms over the photos. princess kate down with the jihadist struggle more photos . . . tags: british royal family, british royals, british royals islam, duchess of cambridge, duke and duchess of cambridge, hijab, islam, kate middleton, kate middleton hijab, kate middleton islam, kate middleton islamic garb, kate middleton malaysia, kate middleton mosque, kate middleton muslim garb, kate middleton topless, malaysia, prince william, princess kate
__label__non_math	1.0000	who's using debian? molino harinero sula, s.a., honduras debian is currently running on an internet and mail server, and on to report a problem with the web site, e-mail email for other contact information, see the debian contact page. web site source code is available. last modified: fri, may :utc spi and others; see license terms debian is a registered trademark of software in the public interest, inc.
__label__non_math	0.9912	i m on sabbatical in warsaw and was tempted to see the new robin hood flick just because i am something of a fan of russell crowe, and because i had forgotten easy to do that ridley scott had also done kingdom of heaven interesting how even caligula got almost sympathetic treatment, non? a tyrant yes, but when that had a certain greasy charm . anyway, you just saved me a great deal of pain as i tried to tear out my very short hair from watching another effort to uglify the middle ages. in all fairness we both know that in a sense this is really about robin hood as a code pink activist in king richard s war on terror shredding of the magna carta, so in a sense it is nothing really personal, but yes, i can easily live without such bosh. so thank you for doing your office: i shall find some entertainment that is simply more fun. if my review has saved even a few very short hairs on a head that needs them, it was worth it. i m not sure robin hood has a cogent political subtext. some critics have been toying with the idea of scott s robin hood as the first tea partier. but couldn t you also say that he was a community organizer who engaged in redistribution of wealth? a fellow critic at the film commented that in the end the movie goes from democracy to communism in ten minutes, i.e., from magna carta to the sherwood forest community where no one is richer or poorer than anyone else.
__label__non_math	1.0000	decidio provides listings of top local bridal salons in west chicago. find advice and unbiased reviews on bridal salons and wedding gowns in the west chicago area when planning for your wedding, corporate event, mitzvah, or private party. west chicago area bridal salons advice on finding west chicago bridal salons - west chicago bridal salons will assist you and your bridal party find wedding dresses for your special day. generally, you must make an appointment in advance with any west chicago bridal salons you wish to visit. for your initial visit, feel free to bring along any pictures of wedding dresses you are interested in trying on. a bridal salon s complete line of attire generally extends beyond wedding dresses, and will include bridesmaids dresses, flower girl dresses, and also provide any matching wedding accessories you might need, such as wedding veils, wedding shoes, and more.
__label__non_math	0.9931	at every major life event, professionals are present and your wedding shouldn't be any different. with the high cost of weddings and the time involved to pull everything together, it is all but impossible for the bride to do this while keeping her daily routine intact and not compromise the budget. here at nina pink we have a simple philosophy, we guarantee excellence without breaking the bank. so sit back, relax, and let nina pink work for you we have many packages available so call us today for your free consultation.
__label__non_math	1.0000	san antonio photobooths provides a state-of-the-art service for all occassions texas-wide. with our double triple print packages, your guests get to add a personal touch to your very own event scrapbook, filled with photos and comments from family and friends. using you included photo dvds, print and email your digitals at your heart's content we offer the most advanced photobooths on the market giving you and your guests more strips per hour and per dollar san antonio photobooths...quality, speed...elegance.
__label__non_math	0.9920	macpherson vinyl silk paint has an attractive silk finish that is more durable and washable than vinyl matt. its easy to apply and resistant to yellowing. suitable for interior use on walls and ceilings. as low as . use this product with: orders over .delivered free all prices include vat free colour cards
__label__non_math	0.9993	as an integral part of dedicated micros video management system, the dv-ip decoder is a viewing and control client for multiple video images transmitted from the range of netvu connected products. using an attached control solution such as the pick-a-point video management solution, the dv-ip decoder can view and control cameras attached to dvrs and servers from across the system, regardless of geography displaying the selected cameras on its monitor wall. a range of dv-ip decoder models are available with composite and composite hd outputs, allowing you to build fl exible video walls using any combination of analog or digital feeds. the dv-ip decoder, using its powerful codec architecture, is the ideal product to deliver and view, high definition footage, live in realtime, all streamed seamlessly across a network. - display jpeg or mpeg-video streams on a video control room wall from any connected device - high definition and composite monitor outputs to allow scalable video wall solutions - includes enhanced user interface and control functionality - pick-a-point and pick-a-point icon video management system integration - embedded netvu console for transparent control of all connected cameras and devices - gigabit ethernet and ethernet network connections - i ncorporated display of analog, ip and megapixel cameras - netvu connected for seamless interoperability with other netvu connected devices - bi-directional audio - embedded operating system
__label__non_math	0.8254	well i need a grinder anyway .. and my thought of leaving it froze till i want it is my better idea .. so if i buy a grinder then i will not have to rely on a buddy an his grinder when i need to butcher a deer .. and if my searches are correct the grinder i am looking at from bps dicks and walmart are almost 100 over at harbour freight i can get a grinder and a slicer for less than the other stores .. thanks for the input ...
__label__non_math	0.9999	navy, marines request funding to repair, replace equipment by gerry j. gilmore american forces press service washington, the navy and marine corps are requesting .billion to fix or replace worn out or damaged military equipment that has seen hard use in the war against global terrorism, senior military leaders testified before a joint u.s. house committee on capitol hill yesterday. congress deserves thanks for already providing about .billion for repair or replacement of navy and marine equipment as part of fiscal and supplemental funding, lt. gen. emerson gardner, the marines deputy commandant for programs and resources, said before members of the sea power and expeditionary forces subcommittees. for over five years, the marine corps has been involved in combat and combat support operations around the globe, gardner said. your deployed marines are better trained, better equipped and better protected than ever before. in fact, about .billion in funding is earmarked for obtaining ,700 roadside-bomb-resistant trucks, known as mine-resistant ambush-protected vehicles, for marines and sailors deployed to iraq, gardner said. about of these robust vehicles are being used in iraq, he said. our experience is that marines in these vehicles have been four to five times safer than a marine in an armored humvee, gardner said. based on this experience, we recently decided to replace our armored humvees in theater on a one-for-one basis with mraps. the marine corps also will plus-up its ranks, gardner noted, by adding around ,000 new marines each year until the corps new end strength of about 202,000 marines is reached by . we are initially funding this effort through a mix of baseline and supplemental appropriations, gardner explained. but, we are eager to get these costs into our baseline budget as soon as possible. about ,000 u.s. sailors are deployed worldwide, said vice adm. jonathan w. greenert, deputy chief of naval operations for integration of capabilities and resources, who also testified at the hearing. more than ,000 sailors are serving on the ground in iraq, afghanistan and throughout the u.s. central command area of responsibility, greenert said. high-demand naval combat engineers, known as seabees; sea, air and land special operations forces; and explosive ordnance disposal teams deployed to afghanistan and iraq are experiencing rapid wearing out of their equipment, greenert said. some equipment is wearing out on average times faster than during peacetime usage, he noted. other equipment, such as field generators, are wearing out times faster, greenert said. in addition, navy aircraft like the f a-hornet are aging rapidly due to excessive amounts of mission flight time, the admiral said. the hornet is consuming flight hours at a rate percent greater than originally planned, greenert said. this increase in flight hours is accelerating the expected service life of these aircraft, reducing anticipated years of service. other naval aircraft being used in iraq and afghanistan are experiencing similar stresses, he added. such wear and tear on equipment produces higher operational costs, greenert said. past wartime supplemental funding provided by congress was used to support overseas operational costs and not for resetting, or fixing or replacing, worn out equipment, the admiral said. our reset requirements for our equipment will continue to grow more extensively than originally anticipated, as long as our high op tempo continues, greenert said.
__label__non_math	0.8891	soldiers capture suspected bomb maker in iraq american forces press service washington, a task force liberty raid was responsible for the capture of a suspected improvised-explosive-device maker in jisr naft in iraq's diyala province march , multinational force iraq officials reported. the suspect was found with bomb-making materials in his possession and tested positive for plastic explosives following a residue test, officials said. the bomb making materials were confiscated, and coalition forces detained the suspect. from a multinational force iraq news release.
__label__non_math	1.0000	coalition, iraqi forces detain five, find weapons american forces press service washington, coalition and iraqi forces detained five suspected terrorists and found weapons caches during recent operations in iraq, military officials said. yesterday in baghdad, coalition and iraqi forces captured five suspected terrorists and uncovered an insurgent rocket-launch site, officials said. iraqi troops discovered and blocked off the site after spotting a rocket and rail system in the city s jihad neighborhood. soldiers from 4th infantry division s 1st brigade combat team searched the surrounding communities, eventually detaining the suspects three in the saydiyah neighborhood and two in the zubaida community, officials said. coalition troops found two roadside bombs july during separate logistics patrols, one north of mosul and the other south of baghdad. explosive ordnance disposal teams were contacted, and they detonated both bombs on the spot, officials said. coalition and iraqi forces located weapons caches during separate operations july and in baghdad. in all, the troops found more than ,000 ak-rounds, 300 automatic machine gun rounds, mortars, homemade bombs and two rocket-propelled grenades, officials said. compiled from multinational force iraq and multinational corps iraq news releases.
__label__non_math	0.9950	the department of defense pow missing personnel office dpmo announced today that the remains of two servicemen, missing in action from the vietnam war, have been identified and returned to their families for burial with full military honors. air force col. james e. dennany, , of kalamazoo, mich., and maj. robert l. tucci, , of detroit, will be buried as a group jan. , in the dallas-ft. worth national cemetery. on , dennany and tucci were flying the number three aircraft of three f-4ds escorting an ac-130 gunship on a night strike mission over laos. after the gunship attacked six trucks and set two of them on fire, the ac-130 crew s night vision equipment was impacted by the glow from the fires. they requested that tucci attack the remaining trucks. during the attack, gunship crew members observed anti-aircraft artillery gunfire directed at tucci s plane followed by a large explosion. no radio transmissions were heard from the f-4d following the attack and no parachutes were seen in the area. an immediate electronic search revealed nothing and no formal search was initiated due to heavy anti-aircraft fire in the area. beginning in the mid-1990s analysts at dpmo and the joint pow mia accounting command jpac developed case leads they collected from wartime reporting and archival research. in , a joint u.s.-lao people s democratic republic l.p.d.r. team led by jpac analyzed leads, interviewed villagers, and surveyed five reported crash sites near the record loss location with negative results. in , during another joint survey, officials in ban soppeng, laos, turned over remains later determined to be human, two .caliber pistols and other crew-related equipment that villagers had recovered from a nearby crash site. between and , other joint u.s.-l.p.d.r. teams pursued leads, interviewed villagers, and conducted three excavations. they recovered aircraft wreckage, human remains, crew-related equipment and personal effects. jpac scientists used forensic tools and circumstantial evidence in the identification of the remains. with the accounting of these airmen, ,702 service members still remain missing from the conflict. for additional information on the defense department s mission to account for missing americans, visit the dpmo website at or call 703-699-.
__label__non_math	0.9674	the department of defense identified today the two soldiers who died of wounds received from an enemy rocket attack south of baghdad on . they are: spc. george a. mitchell, , of rawlings, md., headquarters and headquarters company, 3rd infantry division, 2nd brigade combat team, fort stewart, ga. mitchell died on april . cpl. henry l. brown, , of natchez, miss., headquarters and headquarters company, 1st battalion, 64th field artillery regiment, fort stewart, ga. brown died on april . the department of defense also announced today that pvt. kelley s. prewitt, , of alabama, was killed in action by enemy fire on , in iraq. prewitt was assigned to headquarters and headquarters company, 2nd battalion, 69th armor regiment, fort benning, ga.
__label__non_math	0.9991	israel's technical superiority and a civilian population whose confidence was boosted by the iron dome anti-rocket system provided the country with breathing space for diplomacy that delivered a ceasefire in eight days with no need for a bloody ground invasion during the recent conflict with gaza. afp tel aviv as quiet descended over the skies of israel and gaza in late november, it became clear that a new kind of warfare was emerging that could counter an enemy s asymmetric advantage through a combination of strategic surprise, surgical standoff and active anti-missile defense technical superiority and a civilian population whose confidence was boosted by the iron dome anti-rocket system provided israel with breathing space for diplomacy that delivered a ceasefire in eight days with no need for a bloody ground invasion. israel s operation pillar of defense demonstrated that the enemy s long-time asymmetrical advantage in which cheap weapons inflict damage against a nation boasting a more expensive and numerically superior force could be losing ground as iron dome levels the battlefield. a leveling of that playing field, experts said, potentially redraws the threat picture in other regional nations such as syria and iran. it may also shift, without fully sidelining, the scenarios in which ground maneuvering forces could be used, experts said. officials and experts credit technological superiority and civilian staying power for their equalizing effect on asymmetrical tools and tactics used by hamas, islamic jihad and other gaza-based groups over the eight-day fight. in the nation s first large-scale operation in the new strategic environment sparked by the arab spring, israel met its limited military objectives with minimal civilian casualties and with its international standing intact. by refusing to be dragged into a bloody ground war that could coalesce the region s sunni-shiite camps against the jewish state, experts here insisted israel s gaza campaign empowered egypt, qatar and other sunni states at the expense of iran and its shiite clients in lebanon and war-wracked syria. operation pillar of defense in gaza, like the ongoing crisis in syria, constitutes a sort of microcosm of the process of change reshaping the middle east, retired lt. col. michael segall, a senior analyst at the jerusalem center for public affairs, wrote in a -page analysis published by the think tank. the regional and international dynamic that accompanied the israel-gaza crisis, along with israel s successful deflections of iranian missiles fired at its cities, puts iran in a problematic position of growing isolation. ... its ongoing attempts to win the hearts and minds of the arab street are failing due to its role in militarily supporting the repressive syrian president bashar al- assad regime, segall wrote. segall, a farsi-speaking former iran desk chief within israeli military intelligence, wrote that tehran s efforts to discredit the performance of israel s iron dome stemmed from its opposition to the deployment of regional strategic missile defenses. the impressive feats of israel s iron dome places a large question mark over the iranian asymmetrical-war doctrine to which iran devotes so much effort. the stationing of similar systems in the gulf states, or their addition to staging areas in case of a military operation against iran, could undermine the response iran is planning for a possible conflict and or attack on its nuclear facilities, segall wrote. mideast analyst gerald steinberg, a bar ilan university professor, said israel s operational achievements in gaza, coupled with constructive diplomatic support from egypt and other u.s. regional allies, has weakened iran politically and militarily. moreover, he said, israel s demonstrated ability to defend against salvo attacks basically quashes that entire dimension of iranian strategy. nevertheless, steinberg and others here warned it is still too early to draw lasting lessons from israel s gaza strategy or the political conditions anchoring the egyptian- and u.s.-brokered ceasefire agreement. since the truce took effect nov. , egyptian president mohamed morsi has become mired in domestic strife over muslim brotherhood-proposed power grabs. he may be too preoccupied, experts here said, with the survival of his fledling government to stem iranian arms smuggling through sinai into gaza, as truce terms demand. at the same time, u.s. and european outrage over israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu s decision to build thousands of new homes in a particularly sensitive corridor linking east jerusalem and the west bank could alter the cooperative dynamic needed for a sustainable ceasefire, experts here said. no turning back uzi rubin, founding director of the israeli defense ministry s missile defense organization, said capabilities manifested by both sides of last month s rocket battles herald a new era of pushbutton warfare from which there is no turning back. pillar of defense will likely be remembered for revealing the face of future warfare, where pushbutton warriors on both sides from bunkers and tunnels in gaza and from operation centers and command-and-control trailers in israel clashed on an empty battlefield while maneuvering forces remained sidelined, rubin said. in a dec. interview, rubin said specific scenarios could still dictate the use of maneuvering ground forces, but they are not a prerequisite for future warfare. in contrast, he said, israel can no longer contemplate military action without a robust nietwork of active defenses. defense has become a central pillar in israel s ability to prevail in future battles, said rubin, a tel aviv-based international defense technology consultant. he added, this situation will be even more significant in cases where the other side initiates battle prior to israel s pre-emptive attack. according to rubin, a key lesson from gaza is the need to rethink military modernization priorities, given the rapidly advancing iranian missile threat and its race to bolster the rocket and missile arsenals of its proxies along israel s borders. the threat is racing forward. we need to run just in order to stay in place, rubin said. in a comprehensive, -page preliminary assessment prepared for bar ilan university s begin-sadat center for strategic studies, rubin details operational achievements from last month s battles and concludes with lessons likely to be drawn by both sides. using open-source data, rubin analyzed the types of rockets launched from gaza, their operational effects and israel s ability to defend against incoming threats. he noted several palestinian precedents from last month s campaign, including the targeting albeit unsuccessful of jerusalem, a higher launch tempo than that of hezbollah in the lebanon war, and a nascent ability to generate the real-time intelligence needed to create targets of opportunity during the fighting. all told, gaza-based militants launched ,506 rockets, 152 of which didn t reach israel and 875 of which fell in open areas. of the remaining 479 designated by israel s iron dome as threats to life or property, 421 were intercepted, a success rate of nearly percent. rubin listed three categories of rockets launched in last month s fight, most from iran, some produced in gaza with iranian technology and a few shorter-range rockets from stores of former libyan leader moammar gadhafi. segal, the retired military intelligence officer, noted that during last month s pillar of defense operation, iranian officials including mohammad ali jafari, commander of the islamic revolutionary guard corps openly boasted about the weaponry smuggled and the technology transferred to gaza. unlike earlier conflicts with israel, in which iran couched the extent of its support for palestinian resistance, this time, it was amazing how confident they felt in flagging their ability to supply hamas and islamic jihad, segall told defense news on dec. . despite israel s destruction of most of the category fajr-5s, palestinians managed to launch of these -ton rockets, four of which overflew jerusalem and landed in the west bank. iron dome intercepted seven of the eight heavy rockets fired at tel aviv, but the one that leaked through israeli defenses claimed one life when it landed in rishon lezion, south of the city. six israelis were killed during the seven days and five hours before the nov. truce, including four who disregarded civil defense safety procedures in their desire to witness the pushbutton war. the hamas health ministry listed 163 killed from more than ,500 israeli standoff strikes, mostly by air with support from sea-based missiles.
__label__non_math	0.9337	i'm interested in this product from cobra. a .doa pistol for ccw. it essentially is a .caliber kel-tec i so wish they would make a "thin" .for ccw purposes . i have read mixed reviews online, from horrible to quite well. anybody here have any reviews information regarding this handgun? i know it is not rated for p ammo and designed essentially for only hardball, any info would be nice.
__label__non_math	0.6470	a friend of mine just bought a kimber with a full size grip and the extended beveled magazine well. i thought it would be really cool if he had a bobtail installed. is it possible to have a bobtail and the extended beveled mag well. if this is possible could someone please post a picture so that i can show him. also does anyone know of any gunsmiths in the north carolina area that could do this.
__label__math	0.5587	i may be selling a gun: what do you think i could get? my first hd gun was a remington 870 youth ga bought for in . when i turned , that was replaced by a model .snubnose. part of the reason was that i just like revolvers. secondly, the recoil of gun cause of the short stock just beat me up. i wasn't real confident in it as a dedicated hd gun cause of that. its like new, with less than a hundred shells through it. does anybody have an educated guess as to how much i could sell it for?
__label__non_math	0.9960	this is a discussion on howdy from texas within the new members introduce yourself forums, part of the defensivecarry.com forum office category; mag44laf... eod - initial success or total failure welcome from east texas. yoda, i am, yes. hello from the bluegrass. dogs offer one of the most stable and enduring friendships on this earth. welcome from alabama. it's not what you go thru in life, but how well you go thru it. welcome from s.e. michigan. sheriff buford t. justice "what the hell is the world coming too" nra life member u.s. army ft.sill, okla. a big texas howdy from dallas. questions?... just ask someone here will have the answer. welcome to the forum. "eternity is too long to be wrong" texas chl instructor holder utah cfp instructor nra instructor life member member tsra, uscca, tcha christian, heterosexual, pro-2a, pro-life, conservative, common sense american welcome from middle tennessee if the public are bound to yield obedience to laws to which they cannot give their approbation, they are slaves to those who make such laws and enforce them.--samuel adams as candidus, boston gazette jan. nra benefactor life tennessee firearms association life welcome from west tennessee greetings from rocky top tennessee one should never confuse good fortune with good training. illegitimus non carborundum. in god we trust. welcome fellow texan "texas can make it without the united states, but the united states can't make it without texas nra life member welcome from the panhandle i say go for the chl as for the handgun choice, you can get a wealth of info here couple of things, try to find a place to rent try different models until you find one that fits your hand and that you can shoot well certified glock armorer not enough space for list, main gear: duty-g17, s w 642 bug, 870, rra ar-; g30 off-duty independence is declared; it must be maintained. sam houston- if loose gun laws are good for criminals why do criminals support gun control?
__label__math	0.7855	why the name defiant? a. we were approched by many discerning shooters who requested us to produce a high quality light weight british pellet. well here it is. we now defy any manufacturer s pellet to surpass the precision and consistency of the aptly named defiant pellet. is a consistent muzzle velocity the only criterion to accuracy a. too much emphasis is placed on muzzle velocity. this may be desirable but is not the only criterion to accuracy, because lighter pellets leave the muzzle faster but slow down quicker and arrive at the target at about the same velocity, all other factors being equal. it is the consistent downrange velocity that is all important and not the muzzle velocity. if one were to take the reading downrange even though the muzzle velocity was very consistent at say 5ft sec, it will be found that this can vary by more than 50ft sec downrange at yards, because of the pellet wobble changing the ballistic coefficient from pellet to pellet. in a split die diablo shaped pellet , once the dies start to wear there is a displacement between the two halves. the pellets may look and weigh the same but any eccentricity which cannot be seen with a naked eye is the main cause of inaccuracy. defiant pellets are not made in a split die, therefore true concentricity between the centerline of the nose and skirt are inherent to its accuracy. how is the consistency of weight achieved? a. the pellets are made from lead alloy wire and the slug length which governs the weight is measured by a laser controlled micrometer ensuring that the wire is cut precisely before being fed into a single die. any slight variations in weight will be found as a small flash behind the pellets head where is does not interfere with its accuracy. q. why are there splits on the inside of the pellet skirt? a. these splits are patented. they are there to reduce drag through the barrel bore and or choke which helps to increase internal barrel efficiency. q. i have been using .52mm jsb or its derivatives, air arms and daystate pellets, will i have the best results using the defiant .52mm large head size? a. not necessarily, this is because the bearing surfaces are different. the front lands on the jsb pellets are much thinner than on the defiant so it is best to try the three head sizes, .48mm small , .50mm medium and .52mm large and then determine which suits you best. this will also apply to the .where the head sizes are as shown on the schedule. important .please allow at least shots for the barrel bore to settle when changing from a different make of pellet.
__label__non_math	0.8603	definitions for -aminobutyrate transaminase u.s. national library of medicine an enzyme that converts brain gamma-aminobutyric acid gamma-aminobutyric acid into succinate semialdehyde, which can be converted to succinic acid and enter the citric acid cycle. it also acts on beta-alanine. ec 188..131.. use the citation below to add this definition to your bibliography: "-aminobutyrate transaminase." definitions.net. stands4 llc, . web. may . .
__label__non_math	0.9965	the definitive disability conference will be held at: the boston long wharf marriott 296 state street boston, ma a limited number of discounted hotel rooms have been made available at the boston marriott long wharf, 296 state street, boston, ma, . for reservations, please contact the hotel directly at -617-227-. please mention the definitive disability conference to take advantage of the group rate of single double. the hotel block is limited and rooms and rates are available on a first-come, first-served basis. you must make reservations by , or until the room block is filled, to be eligible for the group rate. requests for reservations are then subject to room and rate availability. view larger map
__label__non_math	0.8253	a box called lowdi for a while, there's been quite a buzz around a new project called 'lowdi'. some hints and rumours have circulated and now it's finally here. lowdi turns out to be a small sized wireless speaker in a very nice design. it has bluetooth connection, but you also get a ,5mm jack plug in the box. the speaker is as long as a pencil, so it's easy to use on-the-go. charging goes via usb, so don't worry about running out of juice. everything, from cables until carrying pouch and font, is very well designed. that's how we like it. let lowdi be your smartphone's new best friend
__label__non_math	0.9954	control your time better delaval vms offers farming families time away from a stringent daily milking schedule and the freedom to choose how they want to spend it. with delaval vms, important family events can now be enjoyed to the fullest extent. you can also better invest your time in more profitable tasks such as managing your feed costs, controlling your herd health and developing your management skills. you are now in complete control of your daily schedule and free to do whatever you want to. futuredairy is a research program to help australia's dairy farmers manage the challenges they are likely to face during the next years. this is a strategic investment on the industry s behalf, to improve lifestyle and productivity in the long term. various facets of dairy farming in australia are being covered by this project and one of these is the integration of technological innovations and the impact that they will have to the australian dairy farmer. automatic milking in a pasture based environment is one of the innovations that the project has been working with. the outcome of this has been the production of the management guidelines for pasture based ams farms.
__label__non_math	0.9998	lawrence: hamels said the right stuff amid a national audience cole hamels was one of the first players to exit kauffman stadium following tuesday night s all-star game. it wasn t as if hamels was trying to duck the non-stop questions regarding his uncertain future in philadelphia. when he spotted a few local reporters, he stopped, chatted for a few minutes and then asked if there was anything else they needed. cole hamels is handling his contract situation like a pro. less than two weeks ago in miami, hamels sounded surprised when told he would be bombarded by trade-rumor questions and contract queries at the media circus that is the all-star game. after his last start a week ago in new york, hamels no-commented his way through such questions. then he arrived to kansas city and showed off both a remarkable business savvy and unshakeable poise. he humored and he enlightened. hamels carefully toed the line. in so many words, he let the obvious be known: he holds all of the cards in his current negotiation for a long-term contract with the phillies. he also bent over backward to heave compliments on the only major league organization he s known, saying it s his preference to stay and that david montgomery, ruben amaro jr. and company would get every opportunity to re-sign him, even if he does hit the free-agent market this winter. i understand the nature of the business, hamels said, i really do. he also understand the business he works in includes employers like his current one, an employer that has sold out every game for three years, and an employer that can boast about having the highest tv ratings in baseball in . with a new television deal on the horizon for the phillies the current deal expires in advertisers will be ready to pony up more dollars if that trend continues. in the age of the dvr, the live-televised sporting event is king. continued... needless to say, spending money shouldn t be a problem. hamels, who has gotten into trouble over his career for saying the wrong thing at the wrong time, has done quite the opposite lately. he wasn t just careful with the words he used this week in kansas city, but he was also smart with them. with the forum to air out the negotiations before a national audience, hamels didn t break his trust with his agent or his team. but he did drop a few measured comments into his answers. rather than demand a six- or seven-year deal, it was: being here for seven years, they know what i m all about, how much i try to give back to the community and how much philly means to me. hopefully that will convey over a long period of time. instead of telling management and the owners to pony up the cash, hamels said, it takes a long time to build up a fan base like they did. now they have it. you don t ever want to just let it wash away. so i think they re always going to honor that. they re an organization that honors the fans. they understand the fans are what make the organization so great. hamels has seen ryan howard, jimmy rollins and chase utley rewarded with long-term contracts to stick in philadelphia for the long term. he has watched the phillies trade for or sign some of the game s best pitchers, roy halladay, cliff lee, roy oswalt and pedro martinez, in the last four seasons. hamels knows the phillies value homegrown talent and that they put a premium on starting pitching, too. one way or another, with the phillies or without, hamels will get paid. the seven-year, 181 million last winter, would seem to be a fair estimate on hamels rising open market value. cole hamels understands this. if the phillies hope to avoid adding a nightmare of a public relations issue to a nightmare of a season, they should probably understand this, too. because if they don t warm up to the price of doing business with a -year-old ace in his prime, the fallout of the much-criticized cliff lee trade of three winters ago will feel like a minor tremor when compared to the aftermath of letting hamels walk. continued... email ryan lawrence at firstname.lastname follow him on twitter philadelphia sports by bleacher report location, st athletes of the week national sports videos insight, observations on the first team in professional sports to reach ,000 losses and the latest philly team to make the playoffs - the philadelphia phillies. jack mccaffery is the lead sports columnist for the daily times and delcotimes.com. he has spent several decades covering everything from the phillies, eagles, flyers and sixers, to college hoops, to high school sports in delco. bob grotz blogs about the philadelphia eagles. terry toohey has the colleges covered. laura nachman covers everything about televison, from american idol to sweeps. the sb nation blog about the philadelphia phillies. the sb nation blog about the philadelphia eagles. the sb nation blog about the philadelphia flyers. the sb nation blog about the 76ers. top sports stories - flyers regular-season schedule - eagles release training camp schedule for lehigh - delco was once summer home for birds - mccaffery: ten of the eagles campiest moments - brand heads to dallas, brown takes his place - punch shots: if hamels won t sign, olt is fair value - lahoud quickly makes presence felt on the pitch
__label__non_math	0.9995	colleges: haverford s hendry wastes little time in toppling record daily times staff reports fiona hendry made her first indoor track race as a collegian a memorable one. the haverford freshman set the program record in the ,000-meter run to highlight the fords effort at the new york team challenge at the armory sunday. hendry, a cross country all-american, won the race in minutes, .seconds to break the indoor mark of .set by jane steinmann. teammate kelley riffenburgh finished ninth with a career-best time of .to help the fords to a fourth-place finish in the team competition. in saturday action, cara keifer finished fifth in the 800 . . katie balmer strath haven was seventh in her first collegiate ,000 . and nora weathers was ninth in the mile . . in the field events, emma kornetsky placed fourth in the triple jump feet , while carolyn oehrig was fifth in the high jump - . drexel , william mary the dragons used the inside play of taylor wootton and nicki jones to go -in the caa for the second time in program history. wootton scored points and jones added . hollie mershon archbishop carroll added points, eight rebounds and five assists for the dragons -, - . saint joseph s , saint louis the hawks -, - used a smothering defense to hold the billikins to percent shooting from the floor -for- . chatila van grinsven led the offense with points and rebounds. erin shields archbishop carroll added points and eight assists. natasha cloud cardinal o hara pitched in with points and seven assists. continued... duquesne , temple the dukes -, - jumped out to a -halftime lead and never looked back. tyonna williams led the owls -, - with points. butler , la salle the bulldogs used an -run to break the game open in the first half. daress mcclung led the way for butler -, - with points, nine rebounds, seven blocked shots, five assists and three steals. brittany wilson had points, eight rebounds and two assists for la salle -, - . shanel harrison chipped in with points and boards. utica , neumann the pioneers broke a -deadlock in the second period and sealed the victory with two goals in the third period. ang gilmour scored the only goal for neumann --, - , while goalie shannon donnelly made saves. haverford , smith continued... samara flug only gave up six points for a -win at no. to pace the fords - at the pioneer valley invitational at amherst. caroline nightingale no. , brittany simmonds no. , alex love no. , randeee johnson no. and sarah madigan no. also won in the minimum three games. haverford , boston university andy mccomas, charlie michele and nathan vestrich-shade rolled to -victories at nos. , and to lead the fords - at the pioneer valley invitational. philadelphia sports by bleacher report location, st athletes of the week national sports videos insight, observations on the first team in professional sports to reach ,000 losses and the latest philly team to make the playoffs - the philadelphia phillies. jack mccaffery is the lead sports columnist for the daily times and delcotimes.com. he has spent several decades covering everything from the phillies, eagles, flyers and sixers, to college hoops, to high school sports in delco. bob grotz blogs about the philadelphia eagles. terry toohey has the colleges covered. laura nachman covers everything about televison, from american idol to sweeps. the sb nation blog about the philadelphia phillies. the sb nation blog about the philadelphia eagles. the sb nation blog about the philadelphia flyers. the sb nation blog about the 76ers. top sports stories - nhl division-by-division preview - fiery orioles manager earl weaver dead at - cardinals hall of famer stan musial dies at age - college basketball: kane able to boost villanova with clutch free throws - union add two players to roster - punch shots: hockey s back, so let s all just move on - despite defeat, meszaros, flyers defense seem to be solid
__label__non_math	0.9996	monday, u.s. sen. chuck schumer, d-n.y., put his foot in it the other day when he described the national rifle association as a very extremist fringe group. forget the accuracy of calling a organization that boasts .-million members a fringe group. and never mind that according to public opinion surveys the nra is more popular than the president of the united states percent to percent and more popular than congress by a country mile. the real problem with schumer s pronouncement is that it s terrible politics, especially for his party. come , senate democrats have to successfully defend at least six seats to maintain their majority. if schumer, the third-ranking democrat in the country, wants to see his party accomplish that, spitting in the eye of america s gun owners is not the smartest way to go about it -- especially, given the number of seats that will be contested in already pro-gun states like alaska, louisiana, arkansas, south dakota, north carolina and west virginia. in these states being seen as weak on gun rights is just as chancy as a new york politician being seen as weak on abortion rights. for all the recent talk about how fractured the republican party has become in the last few years, the democratic party is not without its factions. schumer certainly isn t making it any easier for majority leader harry reid, d-nev., to herd the cats in his caucus. and maybe he doesn t intend to. schumer has made no secret of his desire for reid s job. in any case, anti-gun politics may be good for fundraising in new york but not so much in nevada or the other states mentioned above. ted cruz, the newest gop senator from the well-armed state texas, has predicted that president obama s push for greater gun control will create such a backlash that it will cost democrats the senate. we doubt that. the president s proposals on firearms have been far from unreasonable. even more than a few gun owners support better and more comprehensive background checks, limits on the size of ammunition magazines, and the banning of military-style assault weapons. if anything, the president s proposals don t go nearly far enough to actually cut down on gun violence, the vast majority of which is committed with handguns in big cities. stop and frisk programs, like the one instituted in new york city, have taken hundreds of illegal guns off the streets and helped to cut the murder rate there significantly. yet, this policy is being challenged as an assault on civil liberties and racial to boot. it would be nice if the president voiced his support for the nypd s stop and frisk program in the interest of protecting minority communities and the children who live in them. more vigorously prosecuting illegal gun possession by felons would be another effective tool in cutting gun violence. but there s a downside to that approach. it costs money. more cops on the street and more criminals in jail require greater public expenditures and higher taxes. passing new and stricter laws is a lot less costly, but it s also a lot more effective in actually reducing gun violence. we ve been involved in this renewed conversation on guns for weeks now and if we are any closer to achieving any consensus it certainly won t be helped by demonizing one side or the other. there are very legitimate reasons for people to want to have and own guns for sport and protection, as well as very legitimate reasons to control their sale. we all have an interest and doing our best to keep guns out of the hands of people who shouldn t and aren t allowed to have them. even the nra has been clear on that point. but a fringe group? if the nra is an extremist organization so is national abortion rights action league and the sierra club. what all these groups have in common is a strong belief in the importance of their cause. that doesn t make them extreme. it makes them players in the world of national politics. and if chuck schumer thinks he s going to win this argument by name-calling, he s not as smart as he often sounds.
__label__non_math	0.9869	last week, i gathered my courage and got personal. i shared with all of you that i was simplifying my life, facing adrenal fatigue, and taking a stand for my thyroid. that post took some guts. i m not one to talk about these types of personal issues with the public. hell, i barely talk about them with my family and friends. for so long, i ve just kept the fact that i feel somewhat run down and not normal hidden. i m not sick enough to be debilitated, nor are my symptoms enough to make daily functioning difficult. for that, i am truly thankful. however, most days, i don t feel like i am supposed to. not that i know what a normal year old woman should feel like, but i don t think this is it. so, the question that i know some people are wondering is why start now? i ve been dealing with this for awhile now, i m not super sick, i can still hold down a job, i have energy to exercise, so surely it isn t that bad? long story short? babies are the reason that i have finally decided to hop off the passiveness train and onto the proactiveness train. and by babies, i mean the baby or babies that i hope to have some day. you see, i had a sobering realization about two weeks ago. it finally sunk in that statistically, women who suffer from thyroid issues have a much more difficult time conceiving than those whose systems are functioning properly. i ve known this for years. i ve been told this by doctors for years. but, it didn t sink in until just recently. and when it did, i started crying. you see, my plan because everyone knows that i love to make plans was to start a family when we turned . well, that didn t happen for a multitude of reasons. now, it has been pushed out another few years for yet another multitude of reasons . so, not only am i going to have age to deal with when we get to the point where we re ready to start trying, but i m also going to have thyroid issues as well. what if we get to that point and we re unable to conceive? what if my lack of proactiveness leads us to be unable to start a family. both my husband and i really, really want kids and i can t imagine how devastated we would be if that was not an option. now, i realize that i could get everything healed and functioning properly or at least much better and we could still have problems. i get that. i also know some women with thyroid issues who have been blessed with happy, healthy babies. i get that too. but, i would absolutely not forgive myself if i m in my late 30s and unable to conceive, and i realized that if i had been more proactive about my health, we might have had better luck. not going to let that happen. we only have one life to live, so we better make the most of it. so, that s why i m getting serious now. because i want to give sweet hubby and me the best chance possible to start a healthy family. and lord knows, by the time that time rolls around, we re really, really, really, really going to want kids the reasons are many for why i am finally to a place where i can start focusing on my health. but, if i had to prioritize my reasons, it would be babies, i m sick and tired of feeling sick and tired, and i am in a place, mentally, where i can take this on without losing my mind. so, let s get this party started, shall we? i m already a few days into my nutritional therapist s lydia from divine health blood sugar control challenge. it s definitely been a challenge. i have been going hardcore. and i m feeling a little better. it s amazing how making small changes can yield noticeable results. gives us hope that true healing is possible tell me, how are you feeling? what issues are you dealing with right now? leave me a comment below and let s discuss. i think we all have so much to learn from each other and each and every comment offers a learning opportunity for all women who are facing similar issues health, happiness, and love.
__label__non_math	1.0000	from hearst web original this recipe originally appeared in soul of a new cuisine by marcus samuelsson, chef owner of new york's renowned aquavit restaurant. samuelsson serves this fruited couscous with his chicken stew doro wett pictured . yields: cups - cup s couscous - tablespoon s olive oil, divided - clove s garlic, minced - mango, peeled, pitted, and cut into -inch cubes - jalapeno, seeds and ribs removed, finely chopped - cup s raisins - ripe tomato, chopped - juice of lime - cup s loosely packed small cilantro sprigs, chopped - cup s loosely packed small parsley sprigs, chopped - prepare the couscous according to the package directions. set aside. - heat tablespoon of the olive oil in a large saute pan over high heat. add garlic, mango, and jalapeno and saute until the mango begins to color lightly. stir in the remaining tablespoon of olive oil, the couscous, raisins, tomato, lime juice, cilantro, and parsley and toss to heat through. season with salt. - serve hot or at room temperature. from soul of a new cuisine wiley, john sons, inc. - buy the book here are some alternate versions of this recipe created by our wonderful community of chefs
__label__non_math	0.9995	based on review reviewed by customer displaying review back to top of customers found this review helpful high quality and great looking product. by tuscan house about me avid do-it-yourselfer comments about fanimation fp7000ob, caruso rubbed bronze dual " outdoor ceiling fan w control caisd2a: i absolutely love this product. it holds up on its reputation of great product and quality. it is definitely the focal point of my house, an my house holds a true tuscan look with lots of feature. love, love this product, i am glad i got it. bottom line yes, i would recommend this to a friend was this review helpful? yes no - you may also flag this review reviewed by del mar
__label__non_math	0.9414	new model hyundai's are shown on display at a hyundai dealership in burlingame, calif., paul sakuma ap buyer interest in new hyundai and kia vehicles may be softening following the south korean automaker's admission that it inflated its gas mileage on several models, data from auto research website edmunds.com indicate. the website's finding is based on what it considers to be people logging onto the site with "purchase intent" for specific models in the past three months. it says purchase intent is "a metric for measuring a model's share of consumer demand." of hyundai and kia models and variants, only three, hyundai's premium equus, genesis sedan and coupe, showed an increase in buyer purchase intent from sept. to nov. . all the others took a hit to varying degrees. for instance, hyundai's popular compact sedan, the elantra, saw its intent fall from to . , according to the data provided to usa today. kia's popular soul hatchback, which saw the biggest gas mileage reduction of any hyundai or kia model with up to miles per gallon in combined city and highway driving, had buyer interest drop from . to . . even models that did not have their gas mileage ratings revised under pressure from the environmental protection agency were affected. kia optima, for instance, saw a reduction from . to . . bill visnic, a senior editor at edmunds.com, told the reuters news agency that given how "hyundai, in particular, has made a media and consumer 'talking point' of the number of -miles-per-gallon vehicles it sells...this development has been considerably embarrassing," hyundai and kia blamed miscalculations and "human error" for the mistakes that led to gas mileage ratings. the epa said it was the first time that an automaker has had to make such a large-scale revision. hyundai and kia initiated programs to reimburse owners for the difference between the old and new fuel-economy ratings based on the number of miles driven. so far, the inflated gas-mileage figures have attracted at least three lawsuits seeking class-action status. read the original story: edmunds.com: hyundai, kia may be losing buyers over mpg
__label__non_math	0.9993	the deloitte consumer tracker: q2 we are pleased to present the fourth quarterly edition of the deloitte consumer tracker q2 , a forward-looking economic update, focusing on consumer spending attitudes and behaviours based on our proprietary consumer survey and predictive analysis. our tracker provides you with detailed insight into the patterns of consumer spending on a category-by-category basis and looks into the underlying drivers of spending behaviour. - the deloitte consumer tracker shows consumers have become more positive about spending on discretionary items, a shift that seems to reflect recent sharp falls in inflation. - although still weak, consumer sentiment shows tentative signs of improvement. consumer sentiment in disposable income remains negative but less so than at any time in the last year. - consumers plan to continue reducing debt and rebuilding balance sheets. - a continued downtrend in inflation should provide more support for a still fragile consumer over the coming months.
__label__non_math	0.9999	the deloitte cco forum us foreign account tax compliance act the main provisions of fatca come into effect on january . fatca requires not only all foreign non-us banks but also other financial institutions mutual and hedge funds, insurance companies, trusts and islamic finance structures to disclose all us account holders to the irs us tax authority . the operative mechanism is that if any affected entity wants to invest in the united states, it has no choice but to comply with fatca, irrespective of whether it has a u.s. branch, office, or other presence. otherwise, its u.s. portfolio suffers percent tax on income as well as capital proceeds. the provisions of fatca are complex and will act so as to make it difficult for any financial institution to operate unless it complies with the fatca regime by registering with the irs. such institutions will need to do this as other us and fatca compliant institutions are likely to refuse to deal with a non fatca registered institution. operationally this will mean that all financial institutions across the region will need to enhance their customer due diligence procedures and also modify systems to cope with the fatca compliance requirements. significant effort is required to meet this challenge. deloitte in the middle east invites you to its chief compliance officer cco forum, taking place from january 31st through february 1st in dubai. leading local and international fatca practitioners will share their insight on the technical aspects of fatca including providing an update on the draft regulations as well as the practical implications and potential solutions based on our experience around the globe. the cco forum has been purposefully designed to address issues that are faced by middle east based financial institutions. download the invite attached below to register. deloitte is very much looking forward to welcoming you at the intercontinental dubai festival city on the 31st of january and 1st of february
__label__non_math	0.9988	cedaredge elberta lodge 106 hosted a soup luncheon to benefit hospice palliative care on feb. . there were different soups, all homemade by the good cooks of elberta 106, as well as breadsticks, crackers, biscuits and a variety of cakes. a check for was presented to lynn shirk, community development director for hospice, on feb. . pictured with shirk above are front row marion ottinger, carolynn andersen, lynn shirk, noble grand bonnie pope, donna waibel, dolly wilson, ruth a. dawson and ann bristol; back row barbara gettman, norma foreman, carol mendenhall, pat dwyier, christina bickford, grace farmer, rosella halsey, vickie mahan, helen barton, ruth c. dawson, nancy hunter, merna bertram and joan rhodes. the rebekahs are preparing for the president s visit in march and a yard sale in april. visitors are invited to join their meetings at p.m. on the second and fourth mondays of the month.
__label__non_math	0.9985	hardwired live gps advanced tracker need to know when the lift gate on a fleet delivery truck is engaged? this live tracker can watch for you. it employs power take-off pto technology for a single source to alert the user remotely when the designated system has been engaged. in addition, this unit sends updates via sms text message or e-mail every ten seconds receive second updates any time the vehicle moves weeks, months, forever after installation. flat-rate unlimited-use service fee of .per month for second updates with no contract. plus an activation fee which is included in the price. simple wire installation can be completed within minutes free activation fee included in price - power take-off technology - updates via sms text message or e-mail every ten seconds - water resistant case and built-in antenna - easy installation - eligible for residual dealer income - operating temp: -degrees c to degrees c - power - typical full-power current: 70ma at volts dc - gsm channels: 850 us , 900 europe, australia, asia, and middle east - communications protocol: tcp ip, udp, sms - update frequency: , , or -second position updates - binary i o: output or input - antenna: internal dual mode gsm gprs gps - notifications: virtual fence zone alerts, speed alerts via sms or email - historical playback: days of historical playback stored on server - reporting: individual vehicle report, enhanced vehicle report, start stop report, and more - diagnostics: diagnostics via sms or tcp diagnostics messages add your review add your review currently there are no reviews for this product. share your opinion with others, be the first to write a review.
__label__non_math	1.0000	awesome as always always a wonderful experience. excellent as always very professional. excellent customer service. always excellent service. highly recommended doctor mike makes it all so painless. my new fillings are beautiful, and my mouth looks years younger on the inside . all the while everyone in the office has a smile on her face. the team is so helpful and friendly cheryl was quick and efficient - easy visit i would like to discreetly request a new hygienist for my next appointment. on time,did not have time to read heavy wieght entertainmemt book. i have always received professional, friendly service when i have an appointment. your crew is the best in customer service
__label__non_math	0.9474	less than sporting reducing the exorbitant amounts paid to athletes and owners would help the average fan and the government should do it. but this kind of approach need not be restricted to taxpayer-supported stadiums. all stadiums could be forced to sell tickets to the four major sports at affordable prices. if that sounds outlandish, it s important to keep in mind how skewed the balance of government intervention in sports, in favor of ownership, has long been. baseball s antitrust exemption bequeathed to the owners the privilege to avoid the kind of market competition that defines so many american industries. the last serious legislative challenge to it, in , was soundly defeated, even though it proposed to affect only one portion of the exemption, that dealing with restrictions on teams ability to move to new locations. that bill, the fairness in antitrust in national sports, had some serious progressive bona fides, counting congressman john conyers and senator paul wellstone as its sponsors. the second ambitious intervention would affect the television market. so much of the money related to sports today is tied up in cable television contracts. in a time of dwindling mass television events, sports have proven to be among the last consistently lucrative genres. recent sports deals that have attracted widespread headlines because of their size were tied directly to cable television money. the los angeles dodgers sold for an eye-popping billion because of the enormous value of an impending cable contract. and the los angeles angels signed albert pujols for a quarter of a billion dollars because they too were counting on future cable television revenue. if the goal is reducing sports-related money and maintaining if not improving the everyday fan s experience, then government intervention should mandate that all sporting events should be available on local-access television. fans should not be forced to buy expensive cable packages in order to see their local teams play teams that, in many cases, they have already assisted through public funds. by reducing the costs of being a fan, we can also reduce the total amount of money spent on sports. the players and owners can afford it to be clear, the amount of money that will flow to our athletes and owners would likely still surpass that in leagues overseas . and our social priorities could benefit from the adjustment. post a comment
__label__non_math	1.0000	query tags with term: outside mothers - sometimes, it's best to do as they say think outside the box - if mommy comes home dad and i can hide in here i'll be more enthusiastic - about encouraging thinking outside the box when there's evidence of any thinking going on inside it. hey you - computers - because going outdoors is soooooo overrated. approval queue - if only our admins were real. they could have prevented this. yes... - ...this is fox news, how can we help you? black lightning - he really misses the 70s. the one lion anime motifake club - the time has come, the faggotry must end. show no mercy mothers basement -
__label__math	0.9920	dec , 2009from buyer: shumway fast shipment jun , 2009from buyer: yweikion fast response and delivery. thx nice dealing with you.
__label__non_math	0.9769	about the book even as major general suharto consolidated his power in the bloodletting of the mid-sixties, freeport-mcmoran, the american transnational mining company, signed a contract with the new military regime, the first foreign company to do so. today, in the isolated jungles of west papua, a region that is increasingly restive under indonesian rule, freeport lays claim to the world's largest gold mine and one of its richest and most profitable copper mines. this volume is the first major analysis of the company's presence in indonesia. it takes a close and detailed look at the changing nature of power relations between freeport and suharto, the indonesian military, the traditional landowners the amungme and kamoro , and environmental and human rights groups. it examines how and why an american company, despite such rigorous home-state laws, was able to operate in west papua with impunity for nearly thirty years and adapt to, indeed thrive in, a business culture anchored in corruption, collusion, and nepotism. in praise of the politics of power "fine investigative journalism as well as good scholarship" --the international history review, june "timely and welcome" --sydney morning herald, june "it would be difficult to write a dull book about freeport mcmoran's operations in west papua.... denise leith has done the story justice and has succeeded in her stated goal to write the definitive account of freeport's engagement with suharto's indonesia." --journal of asian studies, august "this is an impressive book and an important contribution to the study of suharto s indonesia. it is researched in great detail, and takes a measured and well-balanced approach to contentious issues. leith is to be congratulated for bringing much-needed academic scrutiny to a company operating largely outside the spotlight." -- inside indonesia. read the review "leith's well written account, ... is not a one-sided leftist or green diatribe. a former stockbroker, she visited the freeport operations in papua and presents the company's perspectives as well as those of its critics. she underlines the profound problems that arise when a western company enters a tribal environment such as papua's: "cultural differences can blur lines of communication, leading to misunderstandings, resentment, and inappropriate development programs."' -- contemporary southeast asia. "denise leith has described in vivid detail the ways in which the interests of the native west papuans and their environment have been sacrificed to the greed and ruthlessness of western capital and genocidal third world military...this book is required reading." -- peter carey, trinity college, oxford. "an impressive effort and one that serious students of indonesia, of international political economy, and of the complex issues of human rights and development will appreciate." -- daniel lev, university of washington "the nature of the indonesian intelligence and military programs in west papua makes information from the province difficult to obtain and qualify, which is why leith's exhaustive study of the company...is so revealing. in documenting the company's history and its relations with the soeharto regime and the military, she reveals a system that some australian writers in the field during the former president's time tried to gloss over. leith offers a clearly written re-assessment of the business environment in indonesia. " -- mines and communities. read the review " the book is a testament to leith s vigorous scholarship and courageous investigative reporting." --bali advertiser read the article
__label__non_math	0.9998	rupert wyatt quitting new planet of the apes film? has the director of rise of the planet of the apes just left its follow-up, dawn of the planet of the apes? now this is a shame. few blockbusters have managed to fly under the radar of people's expectations and deliver quite as much as rise of the planet of the apes did last year. not only did the movie resurrect the franchise, but it was an interesting, intelligent blockbuster, with much to like about it. given that it also performed well commercially, fox is keen to continue the franchise, and it's already announced a release date for its follow-up, dawn of the planet of the apes. the problem is, it might just have lost its director as a result of that date. rupert wyatt was set to return to direct the new movie, but according to a new report, he's now passed on the chance to do so. the reason is reportedly the tight schedule that the new film is now on, to hit its release date. if true, this is a massive blow, although we'd imagine that fox would prefer to bring in a new director than delay one of its tentpole movies of summer . that date is still months away, so it's more than likely a film can and will be turned around in that time. but it's a real shame that dawn of the planet of the apes may not see wyatt behind the camera once more, to continue the story. after all, a good chunk of the credit for rise of the planet of the apes is owed to him. more on this as we get it. follow our twitter feed for faster news and bad jokes right here. and be our facebook chum here
__label__non_math	1.0000	saranac lake - the executive director of the saranac lake area chamber of commerce has been appointed to a one-year term to serve on the board of directors of the chamber alliance of new york state. "having sylvie represent the saranac lake area chamber and the tri-lakes area on the board of directors of canys is the result of hard work and professionalism from the chamber staff and how our organization is respected at the state level," said chamber board president dr. john mills, president of paul smiths college. "the board of directors is proud of the work accomplished by the chamber and this appointment reflects the fact that we are a professional organization that plays a leading role in our region." canys is a statewide alliance of chambers of commerce in the state. its members represent every region of new york state and provide a networking and grassroots business perspective on legislative and issues facing businesses in the state. with nearly 100 members, the alliance represents almost ,000 businesses. in addition to supporting a "pro-business" agenda; canys also provides professional development for staff and chamber executives in new york state. the alliance is managed by a board of directors representing the membership. board members and officers serve terms of one and three years to provide continual input from a variety of chambers both large and small. more information about canys may be found at for more information, please contact the saranac lake area chamber of commerce at 518-891- or by e-mail at email
__label__non_math	1.0000	chicago jasmine penny set the tone early, and the rest of the blue demons followed her lead tuesday night at mcgrath-phillips arena. penny connected on her first seven shots en route to scoring a career-high points in depaul s -big east conference victory over seton hall. penny was a sizzling -of-from the floor while also contributing six rebounds, four assists and two steals. depaul -, -in the big east won its 12th in a row at home behind a game-defining -run in the second half. i knew i had to run the floor because we had not been doing that the last couple of games, penny said. our guards kept looking for me. if it wasn t for the guards we have, i wouldn t score anything. backcourt mates brittany hrynko and chanise jenkins combined for points, rebounds, assists and four steals. i couldn t score in the first half, said hrynko who was held to one point in the first minutes. in the second half, i wasn t going to force anything. i tried to play tough on defense, and i thought our defense was a big key in the second half. after a hot-shooting first half in which she went -for-, penny hit her first shot of the second half and turned it into a three-point play. penny missed for the first time on depaul s next possession, but scored on the rebound. the pirates connected on back-to-back threes, but a pair of penny foul shots put the blue demons up -and launched her team on that -surge. three baskets by katherine harry, a hrynko jumper, one basket by megan podkowa followed by a hrynko three and a highlight-reel layup put the home team in front by . a penny layup upped the margin to . i struggled in the last two games, fouling out, penny said. the coaches said we needed our post players to score tonight. i had to come out, be aggressive and be a presence on the floor. the last couple of games we had not been running the floor. tonight, our offense got back to playing depaul ball. playing in the rotation of post players, podkowa finished with points and six rebounds while center katherine harry had eight points, rebounds, three blocks and two steals. the key to this game was playing it to our pace, said depaul coach doug bruno. once it got into a higher-possession game, it was beneficial to us. i thought we might be able to dominate inside, and that s what we did. brittany made a sacrifice tonight. running those things for our big people didn t give our guards as much space. brittany does a lot for us on the offensive end, and her defense can get overlooked. i thought her defense in the second half was one of the keys. depaul outscored seton hall -in the paint and out-rebounded the pirates -. bruno co. were unable to take advantage of seton hall s errant shooting in the early going. the pirates opened the game hitting just two of their first shots. they finished -of-from the floor. just before the midpoint of the first half, podkowa launched the blue demons on a -run. penny scored three baskets in a row and four all together in the surge. gena lenti hit a three-pointer from the corner and harry finished off the burst. seton hall -, -big east had missed its first nine attempts from three-point range when terry green finally converted. hrynko s technical foul shot left depaul with a -lead in the final four minutes of the first half. yet another penny basket followed by a pair of free throws extended the lead to . penny s layup sent depaul into its halftime locker room with a -advantage. the blue demons were credited with assists on their baskets and wound up with a sparkling assists on baskets. penny made every shot she took in the first minutes and scored points. seton hall made just eight of shots in the first half. depaul heads to no. connecticut for a p.m. game on sunday that will be televised by espnu. notes: depaul won its -consecutive game at mcgrath-phillips arena depaul is now -on its home court this season depaul had assists... the 12th time this season depaul has recorded or more assists jasmine penny scored a career-high points her previous career-high was at notre dame on kelsey reynolds got her first start of the season depaul has now used five different lineups this season only harry, penny and hrynko have started all games this season harry appeared in her 126th career game which ranks ninth in depaul s record book harry had rebounds and eclipsed the double digits for the 15th time this season and in her last four games brittany hrynko now has -pointers this season which ranks ninth in depaul s single-season record book now has 186 -point attempts this season which ties for the sixth most in a single season hrynko tied a career-high with nine assists which she has done three times seton hall has dropped its last two games bot games have been road games is -in road games this season depaul has now won the last eight series meetings and improves to -in its series with seton hall.
__label__non_math	0.9025	shares suspended on euronext fortis came into trouble partly by its ill-timed acquisition of the dutch banking operations of abn-amro it was part of the largest take-over in banking history . the shares have plunged over since january. for the remaining fortis activities, a deal was announced sunday evening. of fortis belgium shares will be in french hands. the takeover will happen in two phases. first the belgian government will buy all the remaining shares in fortis belgium for .. then the belgian government will sell of the shares to bnp paribas. the belgian government is keeping a stake in fortis' belgian operations and luxembourg will hold a share in the bank's luxembourg subsidiary. this means that the belgian government is becoming part shareholder in bnp paribas. with of the shares, it is a large shareholder. belgian prime minister yves leterme said that the minority stakes in bnp would give the governments the power to ensure that the french do not move to cut jobs at fortis. the bank currently employs some ,000 in belgium. bnp paribas is taking over 100 percent of the insurance and investment activities of fortis. the take-over in figures the french banking giant is acquiring percent of fortis bank belgium, percent of fortis bank luxembourg and 100 percent of fortis insurance belgium. the belgian and luxembourg governments are both minority shareholders with a blocking minority, respectively in fortis bank belgium and fortis bank luxembourg. with the take-over the bnp paribas group is acquiring million belgian clients and ,458 offices in belgium, luxembourg and other countries such as poland, turkey and france. bnp paribas expects to finalise the transaction the end of the year or in the first quarter of . "a strong partner for fortis" because bnp paribas is hardly active in belgium at the moment, the take-over is a good deal for the fortis employees. the government is also convinced that this is also a good solution for the small shareholders of fortis. bnp paribas is giving sufficient guarantees: "the message is the same as last week: do not panic... bnp paribas is giving very good guarantees: it wants a good network in belgium."
__label__non_math	0.9999	salt lake city the better business bureau of utah tuesday released its list of the most prevalent fraud schemes of , with the internet and email being key tools used to defraud people. the top job scam involved emails, websites and online applications that all looked very professional with the candidate even interviewed for the job usually over the phone. upon receiving an offer, the candidate is required to complete a credit report or provide bank information for direct deposit of their paychecks. however, the online forms are just a ruse to obtain sensitive personal data that can easily be used for identity theft and, in reality, there was really no job. sweepstakes and lottery scams were quite popular as well. the schemes typically indicate that the victim has won a large sum of money, and in order to claim the funds the victim would have to send a smaller amount of money. the year's top sweepstakes scam was an email claiming to be from facebook founder mark zuckerberg announcing that the recipient was the winner of million. these kinds of scams often use celebrities or other famous names to make their offer seem more genuine. the bbb warned that on the internet, "it is easy to pretend to be someone you are not." with so much information available online, a scammer could pretend they know the potential victim. potential victims are prompted to upgrade your flash player, for instance, but the file that is downloaded contains a worm that logs into the victim's social media account, then sends similar messages to their friends and searches for personal data. the bbb advises, "next time you see a sensational headline for the latest viral video, resist the urge to peek." home improvement scams are always near the top of complaint data and was no exception, the bbb stated. the schemes usually involve contractors who leave a home worse than they found it. scammers typically knock on doors with a story or a deal the roofer who can spot some missing shingles or the paver with some leftover asphalt who can offer a great deal on driveway resealing. the worst are those who move in after a natural disaster, taking advantage of desperate homeowners who need immediate help and may not be as suspicious as they would be under normal circumstances. reliable contractors can be found at two legitimate companies craigslist and western union were used for an inordinate amount of scamming, mostly involving check-cashing schemes. the scams target victims through a craigslist posting, maybe for a reason like buying an old couch or hiring the potential victim as a secret shopper. in either situation, the scammers send victims a check for more than the amount owed, then the person is asked to deposit the check into their bank account and send them the difference via western union. while a deposited check takes a couple of days to clear, wired money is withdrawn from the victim's account instantly. when the original check bounces, the victim is out whatever money they were wired and still stuck with the old couch. another top fraud is phishing when a potential victim receives a suspicious phone call asking for personal information or an email that puts a virus on their computer to hunt for personal data. the most pernicious phishing scam this year was disguised as official communication from the national automated clearing house association, which facilitates the secure transfer of billions of electronic transactions annually. the email claims a transaction did not go through and hopes the recipient quickly clicks on the provided link before thinking it through. the scam may take you to a fake banking site to verify personal account information, or it may download malware to infiltrate your computer, the bbb warned. - writers offer personal finance advice to obama - west davis corridor project unveiled amid... - dick harmon: utah analytics company breaks... - tea party tax returns show small budgets,... - is the wii u already becoming outdated? - abercrombie fitch only sells to 'cool,... - new app helps consumers purchase products... - utah added ,000 more jobs in april ... - writers offer personal finance advice... - green energy loans have been a black... - utah's public university presidents... - obama: 'our focus cannot drift' from... - huge drug cost disparities seen in... - new app helps consumers purchase... - west davis corridor project unveiled... - two new hotels announced for downtown...
__label__non_math	0.9965	jason olson, deseret news transportation planners along the wasatch front are burdened by two simple facts of life. their territory is a confining strip wedged between mountain ranges and the great salt lake. it also happens to be a place of continuing population growth, which shows no sign of abating in coming decades. these present two contravening forces, putting planners involved in a proposed extension of the legacy parkway in davis county between the proverbial rock and a hard place. residents of farmington city and surrounding areas recently staged a protest over plans to add miles to the highway, along sensitive wetlands and through the town's western neighborhoods known for their bucolic appeal. they argue an extended parkway will be disruptive to both community life and sensitive environmental areas, and they would like the utah department of transportation to rethink pans and seek alternatives. from udot's perch, the issue takes on a different light. the agency is charged with creating and maintaining adequate transportation arteries, and there is a documented need for an expanded infrastructure in that area to serve future commuters. this is not an either or proposition. there is no real alternative to additional mileage along the legacy, unless accepting a state of chronic congestion on i-and the existing parkway is on the table. opponents of the extension argue in favor of additional mass transit options, carpooling and other ways to reduce traffic. but mass transit systems cannot realistically keep up with the growing number of daily commuters, or the growth in service vehicle traffic needed to support the thriving bedroom communities of davis and weber counties. carpooling can be effective, but only up to a point. if traffic loads increase by percent, -in-cars would need to become a pool vehicle just to maintain the status quo. if this discussion elicits a moment of deja vu, it's because we have been down this road before, so to speak. nearly two decades ago, construction of the existing legacy parkway was held up in court as a result of concerns from local residents and environmentalists over the highway's impact on wetlands and adjacent communities. what resulted was a detailed settlement that significantly changed the nature of the project. in short, the traditional highway that was contemplated became the current "parkway," built with an eye toward mitigating its obtrusiveness. the state agreed to hold the speed limit to mph, to prohibit truck traffic, ban billboards and to use noise-limiting asphalt. it was a hard-fought process of compromise that left neither interest completely satisfied. residents got a less obnoxious highway; udot had to spend more money to build it. the birth of the original legacy may offer a template for its proposed extension, one that requires both sides to commit to a fair process of discussion with open minds. the forces that conspire to require new transportation routes are considerable. it is therefore not wise to frame the discussion in terms of whether or not an extension is necessary, but rather exactly where and what kind. these are the most difficult kinds of public policy decisions, with implications that go beyond any individual's backyard. everyone along the wasatch front has a stake in maintaining adequate transportation options, as well as in preserving the quality of neighborhoods and the environment. as the discussion moves forward, it's good to know that a process of balance and compromise is a significant part of this highway's recent legacy. - dan liljenquist: chaffetz's search for truth... - matthew sanders: imploding trust in america's... - in our opinion: frances b. monson's... - michael gerson: as government's ambitions... - what others say: assault on core values - letters: deception and government - letters: paycheck fairness act - my view: climate argument is shortsighted
__label__non_math	1.0000	- detail orientated - great negotiator - brian actually listens - brian goes above and beyond brian sold our home in ahwatukee for more than we expected. great photos marketing. he was a pleasure to work with, courteous and prompt throughout the process. we highly recommend brian adamski. when i decided to sell my house in surprise, a friend suggested i call brian. i was so glad i did. i found him to be professional, knowledgeable, and responsive to my needs. in looking at the comparable sales with brian, i wanted the list price to be lower, but brian convinced me to list it a bit higher. because of his marketing skills, my house sold in four days, and sold for more than the asking price. a true professional brian s real estate acumenthe ability to judge well; keen insight; shrewdness was second only to his professionalism and the care he took with us to make sure our needs were met. he is incredibly knowledgeable about the greater phoenix real estate market as well as having experience in rehabbing older homes so he was able guide us away from money pits and allay our concerns about easily fixable things that sounded worse than they were. brian found just the right home for us; a home we didn t even know was our dream home until we walked in the front door. we cannot recommend brian strongly enough for any and all of your real estate needs. brian helped me find a home to buy in no time brian knows the phoenix real estate market really well as he sold our house for top dollar within week. we also appreciated the patience he had in coordinating with the squirrely tenant while she vacated. he calmed our fears with his tips on how to keep the property safe and off the radar while vacant. very professional. we will definitely use brian next time. it was a complete pleasure to work with brian on the purchase of our new home. his knowledge of the market and of real estate in general was impressive. his expertise quickly became apparent. it was obvious to us that he takes the time to study and to know his profession. we felt immediately at ease knowing that we could put complete trust in him. the home we purchased was a difficult one to run comps on, yet brian quickly got it done and was able to successfully negotiate an amazing price on our home due to his astonishing negotiating ability. if the rest of the world was run as effectively as brian practices real estate, what an amazing world it would be brian adamski has great knowledge of the phoenix area, is a master of real estate technicalities, hard working, dedicated, low pressure and has a good sense of humor. we thoroughly enjoyed the time spent together house hunting. we bought a house we like in a very difficult real estate market and closed in two weeks. we are in the process of buying two more homes with brian. if we ever sell, he will be our realtor. brian got me a fabulous deal on a great house. brian is a great negotiator and very detail oriented, as well as totally dedicated to me. as a new arrival, i greatly appreciated brian s knowledge of the area. i will recommend brian to every buyer and seller i know having brian as my realtor made looking for and purchasing a home an enjoyable experience. brian was genuinely interested in finding me the home that i was looking for. he showed me homes that matched my criteria and did not try to steer me towards houses that did not or that i was not interested in. i really appreciated the fact that he was willing to give his honest opinion on a house even if he felt it was not the house for me. he was always responsive when i wanted to see a home and when i did find the one that i wanted was there every step of the process. which was a good thing since there were a few snags with the lender but brian was on top of it the entire time. i would highly recommend brian if you are looking for an agent that is going to help you find the home you really want and i have already recommended him to another person that is thinking about purchasing a home. i had heard so many horror stories about selling short sales, but brian s professionalism and confidence quickly put me at ease. he was very helpful with the short sale paperwork process and kept me fully informed along the way. he was able to negotiate an over-list price offer after only days on the market and got bank approval in just one month you re very professional and take care of the little things that can be overlooked by other realtors, you take the time to listen to my needs and execute them. you go out of your way to help on things that need to be taken care of quickly. thank you for very much for the tip that saved me thousands. i will definitely recommend you to anyone buying or selling. brian made us feel like we were his only clients. brian is very patient, knowledgeable and was excellent at minding the details. brian never judged us for what we liked and didn t like. we still can t believe that brian negotiated the seller to fix everything on the inspection report including a few extras. we will recommend brian to anyone even mentioning selling or buying a house. we feel lucky that we found brian and feel we made a friend in the process. brian is dedicated to every detail of listing a home for sale down to the smallest item. his photos of the home each room are artistically perfect. his thorough research on other comps along with his knowledge of the area market gave me a good idea as to what my home could sell for in my case he was right on. great realtor. i would definitely use him again refer him to friends family thank you for working so hard to make our dreams come true. we were very pleased that you didn t back down when the seller got squirmy. furthermore, we were very impressed with your negotiation skills especially getting the seller to put on a new roof and all of those other items that you got the seller to repair. thank you for answering every phone call and keeping on top of every detail. we had only met one good real estate agent in the past years now we know two we worked with brian for almost a year to find the perfect home for our newly expanded family. brian was incredibly attentive to our needs and our occasional high maintenance moments and was able to help up from start to finish. we ended up in a home that perfectly fit our needs in size, location and price, and could not have done it without his help. we will highly recommend brian to anyone looking to purchase a home. what impressed me the most in my dealings with brian was the ethical standards he brought to bear through the entire process. straight talk and clear answers to every question left no doubt in my mind that my interests were paramount, and when my good friend decided it was time to buy a house, i gave him brian s business card with complete confidence. as a canadian investor i was looking for an agent who knew the housing market in the phoenix area and was some one that i could also trust. i found this and much more in brian as he is very knowledgeable, reliable, dedicated, and gives great customer service. his experience and background with real estate investing is invaluable, as are his negotiating skills. he has a real talent in finding deals and has been patiently educating me on how to fix-and-flip properties along with properly pricing them for resale. i ve been quite profitable since adding brian to my team. whenever there is an issue or problem, he is the first one to step up and work towards finding a resolution. i would highly recommend brian to assist with your real estate needs and will continue to have him on my team for years to come. while u were out, llc as an out-of-state investor, i was apprehensive and avoided working with a realtor. with years buying and rehabbing houses, i had no problem listing my homes with a discount broker, but in this market, i wanted someone local as well as as additional person with a feel for the market. i spoke with brian a few times prior to hiring him. he not only made great recommendations on the homes, but his communication with other agents helped ensure we sold our houses within just days at of list price. beck and bella properties, llc i am probably one of the pickiest home buyers out there. while working with brian he never complained, never rolled his eyes, and never ran out of patience. thanks to him i am in a home i love that met all the points on my wish list. and of course i would highly recommend brian to buy or sell your home i was pleasantly surprised on how quickly brian picked up both my fix-and-flip and wholesaling business models. brian has a special knack for finding deals all over the valley. his detailed analysis on each potential investment property was top-notch. dedicated. thorough. responsive. wow loa ventures, llc and mjm properties, llc as a first time homebuyer, i found the process quite intimidating. brian was very patient as he explained the ins and outs of things. he also did an excellent job dealing with some of my very specific requirements around what i wanted in a home. we appreciate your professionism and your work ethic. keep up the good work conscientious and reliable, attentive and knowledgeable, detailed and patient, kind and welcoming, all of which makes brian a gem he made the process very comfortable
__label__non_math	0.9922	i thought about what we haven't made lately and it seems it has been awhile since we made ourselves a batch of biscotti what makes these more interesting is taking the time to toast the oats, coconut and pecans before we used them. besides changing their texture, their flavor is heightened and brought to a new level. i added them all on one of our larger baking sheets, just making sure to keep them in their own spots - you will need to stir them occasionally so they are able to toast evenly. they are ready when the oats are a pale golden, the coconut is well colored and the nuts are very fragrant. if your baking sheet isn't large enough, you can toast the nuts in a skillet on the stove or just re-use the same sheet when the others are done. since you need to process that trio of toasted dry ingredients until finely chopped, be sure to let all of the ingredients cool down first. the remaining dry ingredients are tossed into the food processor and pulsed in to combine them all together. to finish creating the dough, the wet ingredients, consisting of light coconut milk, a splash of vanilla and a couple large eggs, are whisked together and added to the dry. being not as wet as other biscotti, i mixed this dough by hand to gently work the ingredients together - it may seem a little crumbly at first, but it will come together. formed, baked, sliced and baked again as we normally do don't forget that spritz of water before slicing - it does make a difference since there is no butter or oil, these biscotti are especially crisp bonus toasted oat and coconut biscotti
__label__non_math	1.0000	desert sports is big bend s smallest outfitter, and we ve worked hard to stay that way. we specialize in guided backcountry trips with a more personal touch and pay attention to the details; you ll never feel lost in a crowd. desert sports has a small but dedicated staff who are passionate about the big bend area in texas. our trip leaders are all big bend veterans, career guides with a special interest in exploring and sharing our corner of the chihuahuan desert. our specialty trips mountain biking, hiking, and combo tours offer some of the most unique itineraries in both big bend national park and big bend ranch state park. the rio grande offers canoeing and rafting trips that explore some of the most amazing canyons in this part of the united states. desert sports has the staff and know-how to make your big bend trip unforgettable. ride one of the area s many outstanding mountain bike trails, hike into little known areas of big bend ranch state park, float for a day through the spectacular santa elena canyon in big bend national park, or join a -day canoe expedition through the lower canyons of the rio grande wild and scenic river. schedule a guided trip, rent gear, or arrange a shuttle: desert sports is your big bend adventure connection. guided trips you show up and we take care of the rest - mountain bike trips great trails for expert and novice riders - canoe raft trips leisurely float or exciting whitewater - hiking camping trips explore the backcountry up close - multi-sport trips hike, bike and boat on the same trip equipment rental for the self-guided experience, let us assist with the details - mountain bikes take two wheels and explore the desert - rafts inflatable kayaks float the rio grande in one of our boats paddle the canyons of the big bend shuttles get from here to there in your vehicle or ours - river shuttles we know access points and logistics - cycling shuttles simplify one-way cycling routes - hiking shuttles need a ride to your trailhead?
__label__non_math	1.0000	submit your company to the design directory expose your firm, agency or freelance talent to hundreds of potential customers and clients, get design gigs, find jobs. to edit your company listing. top dayton graphic design firms, dayton web designers and design freelancers. submit your company information the next wave 100 bonner street united states, oh, dayton dayton, ohio, usa. design agencies, companies, studios, freelancers and other design professionals. submit your site
__label__math	0.6103	simple n nice yes. i love this as well. i would actually like to see this get printed. i see stripped shirts, but not ones with the rough rugged look. great simplicity and color choice. print reason for reporting this post: note: this is only to be used to report spam, advertising, illegal, and abusive posts replies.
__label__non_math	0.6723	voted. this is wonderful. thanks guys for your nice comments : this is sick man i dont know how you keep your pencil lines so clean i always smudge that shit haha crazy ass illo you got my vote dude. when i first saw this on emptees i had no idea you are a fellow romanian:p cool for a tattoo. great one reason for reporting this post: note: this is only to be used to report spam, advertising, illegal, and abusive posts replies.
__label__non_math	0.9680	very nice tee check out my designs this is really beautiful this is beutiful is like the popocatepetl history, u got my vote, i love u. can you help by voting for me? artistic and full of meaning beautiful illustration. great looking on the shirt not really my taste, but well done you have great imagination voted of course very nice flow to your illustration. . check out mine if you d like my personal opinion is the text is not noticable enough to show its a tee shirt for kings of leon reason for reporting this post: note: this is only to be used to report spam, advertising, illegal, and abusive posts replies.
__label__non_math	0.9997	style always depends on good color and fantastic combination of shades, so we create all the shades to enhance your beauty and personality. ahead in fashion race by draping this lovely net anarkali salwar kameez based on light and dark purple color lovely kameez is beautifully designed with diamond, stone, kasab and patch work in stylish way. border is exquisite element in this dress. salwar and dupatta is available with this. might be color variation due to screen resolution and digital photography. type: diamond, stone, kasab and patch work item in : salwar kameez, new arrivals, express, best sellers lowest price guaranteed click here to see customizing options we make outfits in all sizes, so don't be shy even about unusual requests. you can submit your measurements now or can do it later once you have placed the order. click the star to rate it. tags act as keywords to your selection for later reference enter your review on this item. sign up for special offers and promotions at designer sarees follow us on:
__label__non_math	0.9999	norrmalmstorg - share this on facebook hot deals and new hotels the two grand 19th century buildings housing the 201-room nobis hotel in stockholm were originally built and used as residential apartments. it s always been a fascinating place in stockholm, says owner sandro catenacci, of norrmalmstorg square, the most valuable real estate in the swedish version of the monopoly board game within walking distance of the city s best shopping and sightseeing. the hotel s interiors ooze history, yet they still have the crisp look typical of the renowned swedish architectural firm claesson koivisto rune, whose understated, yet always luxurious scandinavian aesthetic shines through. a cathedral-like lounge with -meter ceilings is situated in a vast 800-square-meter public space. the smaller gold bar sumptuously exemplifies its name with walls and ceilings covered with golden mirrors. several restaurants include the new version of stockholm s legendary italian restaurant caina, which now serves a menu of simple and delectable italian cuisine by award-winning chef, and the owner s brother, stefano catenacci. service is always personal; guestrooms were designed to feel like rooms in an elegant home, put together over time and not merely assembled. tying it all together is a sense of individuality and a uniquely swedish brand of luxury that s far less about show than it is about feel. we feel strongly in sweden that luxury is not always big spaces and the most expensive things, says sandro catenacci. it s a quality that feels different. housed in two strikingly refurbished historical buildings on stockholm's finest square, nobis hotel combines tradition with a contemporary scandinavian aesthetic. the result is an understated luxury that welcomes visitors and locals alike. discover stockholm with tips from nobis hotel, including location highlights from the stieg larsson's, the girl with the dragon tattoo. location of nobis hotel the nobis hotel, has a central location in the throbbing heart of stockholm, with the best restaurants, shops, museums, sights, attractions and nightclubs the city has to offer within easy reach. located on norrmalmstorg square, nobis hotel is one of the most central and attractive spots in downtown stockholm. the hotel is located about minutes by car from stockholm - arlanda international airport.
__label__non_math	0.9992	hot, new industrial sensors features post a comment integrated controllers, laser triangulation, and magnetic induction--described in the following examples--are among those technologies to further sensing capability on the factory floor shift and replenish features post a comment this simple strategy has lowered the cost, yet raised the effectiveness of clinical nuclear imaging. implementation, however, was not so simple, requiring components and cooperation from around the world. lantronix inc. has expanded its line of controllers for sensor networks with the release of a rugged controller that improves management of automation systems used in a number of industries, including manufacturing, oil and gas, and chemicals. inspired by the hooks a parasitic worm uses to penetrate its host's intestines, the karp lab has invented a flexible adhesive patch covered with microneedles that adheres well to wet, soft tissues, but doesn't cause damage when removed. a quick look into the merger of two powerhouse 3d printing oems and the new leader in rapid prototyping solutions, stratasys. the industrial revolution is now led by 3d printing and engineers are given the opportunity to fully maximize their design capabilities, reduce their time-to-market and functionally test prototypes cheaper, faster and easier. bruce bradshaw, director of marketing in north america, will explore the large product offering and variety of materials that will help cad designers articulate their product design with actual, physical prototypes. this broadcast will dive deep into technical information including application specific stories from real world customers and their experiences with 3d printing. 3d printing is
__label__non_math	0.9751	my wife and i like to visit certain family members, and since they live rather far away, we stay in their home while we visit. the days are filled with activity, and the evenings are generally spent talking until all hours of the night. one night while we were talking, we heard a noise. it sounded like someone rapping on the wall or floor. it lasted for about to seconds, and was loud enough to interrupt the conversation. after the noise stopped, we looked at our family members and asked, what was that? their reply -- no one knows. the noise had apparently occurred since the day they moved into the house. it usually only happened at night, and never lasted long enough to locate the culprit. it was evidently a water hammer. the homeowners had called a plumber to check out the house s plumbing. the plumber changed the supply water pressure valve, installed a pressure tank, and rechecked the manifold supplying the water. no change. the water hammer was coming from somewhere, but the possibilities were endless. the next morning, i was in the bathroom, and heard the toilet valve open and shut in rapid succession. i ran downstairs, did the noise just happen? the toilet tank flapper valve was leaking, and when the level dropped, the valve opened slightly, then shut again quickly as the water level forced the bobber up again. they replaced the tank level bopper with a different style, and the problem disappeared. this entry was submitted by doug corbett and edited by rob spiegel. doug corbett is a graduate of byu college of engineering. he spent five years in electronics manufacturing, and for the past eight years has worked with temperature measurement and radiography as the non-destructive test quality department for a domestic thermocouple cable manufacturer. doug s five children think an engineer is the best person to have as a dad because no math problem is too hard, and all broken toys can be fixed. tell us your experience in solving a knotty engineering problem. send stories to rob spiegel for sherlock ohms.
__label__non_math	0.8244	the robot can be outfitted with multiple attachments such as a cell-sprayer that can spray pesticides or fertilizers and can even weed areas intertwined with the crops. it s able to do so with the help of strategically positioned cameras that take pictures of the ground, which are then sent to an onboard computer that analyzes the images and identifies both the crops and weeds programmed with known species per geographic area . once the unwanted plants are identified, it can then spray an herbicide through a row of nozzles placed next to the cameras positioned behind the bot. the cameras look for the corresponding image and either open or close the nozzles based on the weeds' location. with a large range of add-on tools, this robot makes a perfect plant-nursing platform that s able to keep plants healthy, one column at a time. robots are even being employed to harvest crops, further maximizing the efficiency associated with robotic farmers. one such robot is known as the robotic strawberry harvester from robotic harvesting llc. the mechanical farmhand is autonomous in the true sense of the word and is self-propelled, navigating and harvesting, and as the name suggests, is excellent in picking ripe strawberries. robot harvesting outfitted the robot with a camera array capable of taking "stereovision" photos both above and below the plants leaves to collect data on fruit whether it s ripe or not , flower count, plant pathogens diseases , and other items of interest. the camera system can be reprogrammed to identify and collect data on a number of crops in 3d space giving the robot the capability to see like humans not just strawberries, and uses specialized software to discern whether the fruit is ripe. once identified, the robot uses a three-pronged outfitted robotic arm to pick the fruit, which is then placed on a convenient tiny conveyor belt that drops the fruit off in a collection basket on top of the robot. this may not seem like much, but the robot is capable of picking the fruit tested in a controlled environment in as little as two seconds. while you most likely won't see a fully functional efficient farm being run entirely by robots anytime in the next few years, it s safe to say it certainly is a possibility in the near future. as more and more people populate the planet, using robotic farmers is certainly a viable option in cultivating, nurturing, and harvesting increased food crops in an efficient manner.
__label__non_math	1.0000	welcome to design studio . you are viewing our website for of reasons. - your business needs a website. - you think your business needs a website and you have lots of questions. it doesn't matter which reason you are here for, we can help you. unique web design and development to enhance your business image and get more customers. establish a presence in the fastest growing sector of the internet - facebook and twitter. using online and traditional marketing methods, your website will get noticed by your target audience. we provide solutions to your problems. that is why you are here. we can solve your problem of a less than desirable or non-existent website for your business. we are experts in the field of web design and development. if you like what you see and think becoming a partner with design studio would be great, contact us for a chat about your business and where you want to take it.
__label__non_math	1.0000	i hope you had a great night out in the city at fashion week. several of free items were being handed out to anyone. hair products, drinks,food,t-shirts, and magazines were being handed out to the public. lucky me i got a chance to get some free stuff just by walking on the street or entering into a store. if you were too busy taking photos with your favorite designers and a-list celebrities, don t forget to check out the resturant, stores, and events contributing to . enjoy this day with friends and family. there are plenty of things to do in the city. new york fashion week
__label__non_math	1.0000	why should we emphasize that god loves, forgives, and saves for his own glory? two reasons among others . because the bible does. i, i am he who blots out your transgressions for my own sake, and i will not remember your sins. isaiah for your name's sake, o lord, pardon my guilt, for it is great. psalm help us, o god of our salvation, for the glory of your name; deliver us, and atone for our sins, for your name's sake though our iniquities testify against us, act, o lord, for your name's sake; for our backslidings are many; we have sinned against you. jeremiah : we acknowledge our wickedness, o lord, and the iniquity of our fathers, for we have sinned against you. do not spurn us, for your name's sake; do not dishonor your glorious throne. jeremiah - god put christ forward as a propitiation by his blood, to be received by faith. this was to show god's righteousness, because in his divine forbearance he had passed over former sins. it was to show his righteousness at the present time, so that he might be just and the justifier of the one who has faith in jesus. romans - your sins are forgiven for his name s sake. john because it makes clear that god loves us with the greatest love. father, i desire that they also, whom you have given me, may be with me where i am, to see my glory. john god loves us not in a way that makes us supreme, but makes himself supreme. heaven will not be a hall of mirrors but an increasing vision of infinite greatness. getting to heaven and finding that we are supreme would be the ultimate let down. the greatest love makes sure that god does everything in such a way as to uphold and magnify his own supremacy so that when we get there we have something to increase our joy forever god s glory. the greatest love is god s giving himself to us for our eternal enjoyment for ever, at the cost of his son s life romans .
__label__non_math	0.9997	aaron mills, with mills construction, measures out a section of a house he and other framers are building near 158th street and leavenworth road in basehor. rooftop temperatures often exceed 100 degrees during the summer. stories this photo appears in: the national weather service is advising people to stay in cool buildings as a heat wave takes hold of the metropolitan area.
__label__non_math	0.9986	right then, so far it's not in-game. chainsaw bayonet clashes above heads, like saberlock in star wars games, and marcus flips the gun upside down and uses it to skewer the locust. it's all on a bloody background, and now we have a skull outline. "gears of war ." epic logo. the end. and now for a bit more - cliffy b hooray for the hair "gears is going to be bigger, better and far more badass than the first one." this november, ." "thanks for your time, guys. i'm gonna go kill some locust. enjoy the rest of your gdc." "pre-order tom clancy's rainbow six vegas and receive the code to unlock the comcast optimized mlg map "since the playstation was first launched people have been complaining they can't do the same things as you can on the xbox 360 with regards to online friends list, cross game communication and chat and the ability to play your own music in games. as time has went on the call has changed from we want to be able to chat to friends online, or we want to play our own music in game, to we want in game xmb. now why is this a bad thing to ask for? in game xmb isn't want we need you see and asking for it may harm the playstation in the long run. lets look at the xbox 360 here and identify exactly what it does. you would be forgiven for thinking that the xbox 360 has in game dashboard, it doesn't. when you press the centre xbox button a little half screen menu pops up, on this menu is your gamertag, it shows you your gamerscore, and online status, which when pressed allows you to change personal info, below this the ability to send messages, see your friend list, and players met. below that the voice chat and messenger section which allows voice and text chat with people on your friends list. below this personal setting which allows tweaks to online status themes controller settings etc. finally there is the music controller which allows access to music stored on the hard drive. now these options are very powerful, and they allow great functionality, like the ability to chat to a friend while they play another game, and then when you are ready to jump into a multiplayer game together all without ever losing the voice chat. it's quite good and you can see that the playstation suffers from the lack of it. now to the point, this menu, shall we call it the minidash, isn't the xbox 360 dashboard, i can't browse the marketplace, see the inside xbox news pages, see my demo and xbox live arcade game collection, browse my achievements list, look at pictures. watch video stored on the hard drive, or change some of the more important settings on the system blade. to put it bluntly the xbox360 has a dashboard with everything and a minidash with just the features you are likely to need while playing a game. if we ask sony blindly for in game xmb we run the risk of creating a rod for our own back, we might end up getting what we ask for, the ability to get to the xmb in it's entirety from within a game. the system overheads that this might entail for 512mb of ram might not be to our advantage in the long run. we need to be specific, we need to say we want messaging and friends list access in game, we want to have voice chat in game and the ability to play music in game. those really are the only options we need. on the playstation when you press the playstation button on the controller in game a menu much like the xbox's pops up, it has options to shut down controller and the system at present, all that is needed is for this to be expanded slightly. please see that asking for full in game xmb access is only going to hurt the playstation in the long run."
__label__non_math	0.9990	just your email above and then write reset as your password and hit submit. we'll send you a link to reset it immediately. if that fails check your spam box or try another email you may have used. you can also email us firstname.lastname for assistance. adblockers, antivirus, anonymous browsing, etc. are notorious for breaking site logins. see if your norton, mcaffee, etc. aren't blocking cookies. good security programs always run in the background, so closing the icon doesn't mean they are shut down avast definitely does this . try a different browser or in anonymous mode to help pinpoint the issue. if all else fails click this support link email us and describe your problem. please include your browser, operating system, etc. and be as specific as possible so we can nail it on the first try.
__label__non_math	1.0000	we covered the release of the whip s new single movement earlier in the week, and now we are pleased to say that we have got our hands on some tickets to give away for the homecoming manchester leg of their uk tour which will be stopping at the club academy on the 29th february. we have tickets to give away as a pair, and entry couldn t be simpler. all you have to do is join our facebook page and tag yourself in the album art see above for the whip s forthcoming album wired together. we will be picking the winners on the 17th. good luck
__label__non_math	1.0000	games programmerdependant on experienceuk - london sign in to access develop member features: forgotten your password? creating an account is quick, free and easy. plus you get access to exclusive members-only features such as: develop delivers priceless trade information to the global games development sector. total monthly readership figures across print, online, digital and mobile is close to 300,000. gaming industry news pc retail news mobile entertainment news toy business news musical instrument news audio business news bicycle business news
__label__non_math	1.0000	guild wars: eye of the north tuesday, 17th july at prerelease bonus pack to hit shelves july 20th tuesday 17th july ...ncsoft europe and arenanet announced today that the prerelease bonus pack for guild wars: eye of the north is set to arrive on retailer s shelves on july 20th and will include a host of compelling features, including exclusive in-game items and access to the guild wars: eye of the north sneak peek weekend set for later this summer. the guild wars: eye of the north prerelease bonus pack will be available from retailers in north america and europe as well as at the ncsoft store at plaync.com and via the official guild wars online store. guild wars: eye of the north is the first ever expansion to the subscription-free guild wars franchise of fantasy online role playing games, which will be released to the public on . this expansion will provide new content accessible to players who have any of the previously released guild wars campaigns guild wars, guild wars: factions , or guild wars: nightfall . players who pre-order guild wars: eye of the north will gain access to the sneak peek weekend, august , , where they will be able to log into the game for a first look at eye of the north. players will be able to explore the far shiverpeaks region of the world, home of the barbaric norn. everything players obtain during the sneak peek weekend, including items, xp, heroes, and loot, will be permanent and available when the expansion goes live. the guild wars: eye of the north prerelease bonus pack also comes with exclusive weapons, including the glacial blade, the hourglass staff, and the darksteel longbow. these new weapons are based on the winning designs from the guild wars design-a-weapon contest held earlier this year. in addition, the prerelease bonus pack includes a guild wars trilogy trial dvd that provides access to all three of the guild wars campaigns for a special trial promotion lasting hours or days, whichever comes first . we believe this feature-packed prerelease delivers real value to our players, said mike o brien, co-founder of arenanet. from past experience, we expect the sneak peek weekend alone to be hugely popular, and players won't want to miss this chance to get a leg-up before the game goes live. for more information on the guild wars franchise, visit the guild wars website at the award-winning guild wars series of games can be purchased from retailers or downloaded from the plaync store at font about arenanet font arenanet, located in bellevue, washington, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of ncsoft corporation. arenanet has built a state-of-the-art interactive game network and develops premier multiplayer online games for dedicated game players. arenanet's titles, guild wars, guild wars factions , and guild wars nightfall are global online roleplaying games that allow gamers to play with anyone, anytime, and anywhere in the world. more information about arenanet can be found at about ncsoft europe ncsoft europe nc-e is headquartered in brighton, england and is part of korea-based ncsoft corporation, the world's leading developer and publisher of online games. ncsoft has already successfully established itself in north america, japan, taiwan, china and thailand. nc-e began operations on 1st september and serves as a central hub for all ncsoft sales, marketing and distribution operations in europe, via its european distribution network. nc-e launched lineage ii in november , city of heroes on 4th february , guild wars on 28th april , city of villains on 31st october , guild wars factions on 28th april and guild wars nightfall on 27th october . more information about ncsoft europe can be found at ncsoft, the interlocking nc logo, plaync, guild wars, guild wars factions, guild wars nightfall, prophecies, factions, nightfall, guild wars: eye of the north, eye of the north, arenanet, lineage, auto assault, and all associated logos and designs are trademarks or registered trademarks of ncsoft corporation. city of heroes, city of villains, and all associated logos and designs are trademarks or registered trademarks of cryptic studios, inc. and ncsoft corporation. cryptic studios is a trademark of cryptic studios, inc. all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. develop . .
__label__non_math	0.7728	sdk: qt creator ..running on windows target platform: "qt ..for desktop" and "harmattan" i have downloaded a software from the web that i try to compile but it fails becosue the sdk do not have support for the library glib-.. the download program do have a so it seems that the sdk lacks the support this, how do i add support for this library to the sdk ?code:pkgconfig glib-. i have tried both "maintain qt sdk" and "update qt sdk" but there seems no supprot to add new packages. do i use the madde terminal for this, using something like "apt-get" ?
__label__non_math	0.9985	devnet is a privately held company that was founded in on the principles of providing integrated software and hardware solutions to local government. devnet has provided dynamic and flexible appraisal, assessment, collections and online inquiry solutions to local government for over years. the company was established by a group of software developers and local government specialists with the goal of providing quality services at a reasonable price. the devnet staff is comprised of former county government officials and some of the best developers in the business. these individuals have an intimate working knowledge of local government, which has allowed devnet to better serve its clients needs. the devnet products, services and customer experiences have proven positive as devnet currently serves a total of over jurisdictions spanning across illinois, iowa, missouri, ohio, pennsylvania, south dakota, virginia and wisconsin. the full devnet edge suite of solutions includes cama, field data collection, property tax assessment administration, personal property, mobile homes, special assessments, tax calculation, tax billing collection, distribution, delinquent tax processing, tax claims, document recording, imaging, wedge web edge - online viewing with collection and subscriber access , gis integration and tax bill notice printing mailing services. the devnet edge solution values and collects revenues for over .million parcels each year. this number has grown exponentially over the years as devnet continues to gain new markets across the us. we are a stable company that is poised to expand our offering of solutions to new markets as we are establishing our presence as a nationwide provider. in addition to our government software solutions, devnet is a provider of computer hardware and specializes in the setup and installation of pc networks. our devnet technical services specialists have years of experience with windows local area network operating systems. as a supplier of both hardware and pc networks, devnet can supply turnkey automation systems either on its own behalf or in connection with its various business partners. devnet has created strategic partnerships with several key vendors, which include microsoft gold and silver partner , apex , pictometry and marshall swift . these are integrated into our software solution to ensure seamless workflow for users. the industry knowledge devnet possesses has been invaluable to our clients. we know how to get the job done in an efficient, effective manner. the proactive development approach of our design teams has allowed devnet to offer clients new features and upgrades continuously. the devnet maintenance agreement includes all future releases of the software, upgrades, bug fixes, training, support, travel and legislative changes at no additional cost to our clients. devnet will bring considerable years of experience to the table in managing the size and scope of your implementation. the knowledge we offer allows us to effectively analyze the needs of our clients, pin-point gaps between current system functionality, convert the data accurately, and deliver a finished solution that will far exceed expectations.
__label__non_math	1.0000	diana bowley of the bangor daily news - dexter - like other schools across the state, the tri-county technical center s students observed alcohol awareness week, dec. -, with a variety of educational programs, one of which will spill over into next week. on monday and tuesday, dec. and , all dexter regional high school students will participate in a field sobriety test conducted by the maine state police, the dexter police department, and the penobscot county sheriff s department. "it s an opportunity for kids to realize what their sobriety is like and what their balance is like under the effects of alcohol," steve spaulding, tri-county technical center instructor, said friday. students in the criminal justice program have already been through the program and will assist spaulding during the event. spaulding said the students will wear fatal vision goggles to give them a view of what it is like to drive under the influence. these specially designed and manufactured goggles simulate the visual impairment caused by alcohol or other drugs. the wearer experiences a loss of equilibrium, which is one of the effects of intoxication, according to spaulding. after similar programs in past years, spaulding said students have told him that the program and the view behind the goggles was "eye-opening." the tri-county technical center educates students from nokomis regional high school in newport, foxcroft academy in dover-foxcroft, piscataquis community high school in guilford, penquis valley high school in milo, and dexter regional high school.
__label__non_math	1.0000	milan : congolese music performed with mobile phones, carpentry workshops making fantasy coffins and a photo-documentary inspired by the failed zambian space programme are all part of an exhibition of african design and culture in a milanese department store next week slideshow . more tag: beatrice galilee curator and writer beatrice galilee proposes that architecture and design exhibitions need to be about more than just "sticking furniture on plinths" in this movie we filmed at dezeen live during design. "it's just not good enough anymore," she says. more dezeen wire: details have been announced for the third edition of architecture festival the lisbon architecture triennale, which will take place from september to december in the portuguese capital under the title "close, closer".
__label__non_math	0.9990	the odfw visitors' guide high desert region photo by robert mutch best time to visit: late fall through early summer. access to these islands is by boat generally a jet motor is needed . the snake river is very shallow and hazardous in this section when water flows are low. what to see and do at the wildlife area: the primary purpose of these islands is to provide public hunting of pheasants, quail and waterfowl. deer hunting with appropriate tags, and fishing for catfish or other warmwater fish species also is allowed. the islands are open to the public year-round for bird and wildlife viewing. the islands are used by songbirds and other bird species. waterfowl may be viewed in the river around the islands. nearby: the owyhee reservoir offers boating, camping, picnicking, hunting and fishing opportunities. take i-to farewell bend near huntington. boats may be launched at farewell bend state park. another public boat launch is next to the oasis rv park. take i-south from farewell bend to hwy. 201, then travel south on hwy. 201 to the oasis. there also are two boat launches in weiser, idaho. address and phone oregon department of fish and wildlife clark boulevard ontario, or northwest region
__label__non_math	0.5520	.e. wrote: . samsara does not have the slightest distinction from nirvana. nirvana does not have the slightest distinction from samsara. simply...samsara is nirvana. simply? is it so simply? the buddha clearly defined nibbana as: that which is the destruction of greed, hatred and delusion is nibbana. -- s.n. iv 251 and iv 321, which is say that there is no nibbana outside the person who has been cooled, nibbuti , freed of from the conditioning of greed, hatred, and delusion. there is no nibbana thingie out there, and neither is there any nibbana thingie inside. and samsara is not the destruction of greed, hatred and delusion."monks, i will teach you the all. and what is the all? the eye and forms, the ear and sounds the nose and odors, the tongue and tastes, the body and touch, the mind and mental phenomena. this is called the all. if anyone, monks, should speak thus: ' having rejected this all, i shall make known another all' - that would be a mere empty boast." sn iv . all mmk .is really saying, and saying no more than this, is that nibbana is to see the all as no more than empty of any self-thingness, impermanent, interdependent. it is a shift in perception, no longer colored by grasping after what reinforces the sense of self, no longer colored by pushing away what threatens the sense of self, no longer colored by the delusion that there is some sort of essence that we really are. from the standpoint of knowing, one sees the all as empty of any sort of thingness. mmk .is talking about a shift in perception, not an equation of a this and a that. no tat tvam asi, no om tat sat, no om chit ananda. investigation of the tathagata . . whatever is the own-nature of the tathagata, that is the own-nature of this world. the tathagata has no own-nature. this world has no own-nature. own-nature of the of the world the tathagata has no own-nature. this world has no own-nature. -own-nature of the of the world buddha said it this way. when the conditions of the world are right, a tathagatha arises. so where do the conditions of the world end and the tathagata begin? and here is a grossly unwarranted jump which is identical to you complain about reification, but in this quote, you are reifying everything. twenty-two sixteen is saying world only in terms that they share the same ultimate quality of having no ultimate thingness as their ultimate nature. that is not saying that the tathagata is now what is the world, brahma or buddha? they are illusion or dependently originated or empty. choose your favorite word to represent your highest or deepest understanding. interestingly, here is the problem neatly spelled out. being dependently originated or empty is not the same as being an illusion. mmk .state: like a dream. like an illusion . . . . like, not is. there is a significant difference between saying something is like an illusion and something is an illusion. missing that distinction is a fatal flaw; it is to reify supposed illusion and the supposed ultimate reality. so is there any ontology for either? who here believes there was a buddha who walked the earth and taught? who believes brahma is real in heaven? if you reify either human convention, you are ultimately in error. in missing the difference between like an illusion and is an illusion, it would seem that the reification is coming from thee, not me. reality the highest "thing" in a tradition illusion the "problem" to be overcome , then the argument along with fixed positions dissolves. this does not seem to work here very well given that you cannot accurately portray the buddhist position, which, as we see, is not quite what you are saying it is. so anyone that says "i am" a buddhist or an advaitan and the other side is "wrong" or has a lower realization or lower understanding, etc. is operating from a reifed delusion that there actually is some fixed position called the truth that can be encapsulated within a scripture. you are certainly trying to present a fixed position with all your stuff, as if this does in fact equal that. scripture reading after all will only get you to the edge on a great day of dualistic knowing. he said dualistically. so what did nargarjuna feel was the truth of this matter? . . even when the bhagavan is alive, one cannot perceive him? it? as existing, likewise as not existing, nor can one percieve him? it? as both or neither . there was no buddha or brahma from the get go to live forever or be annihilated. again, reifying the contents of .. you might want to try to put this into its proper context. what after all is the import of tathagata? so it is rather ironic and yes rather telling despite everyone who chimed in claiming you cannot see the depth of a person s understanding from what they write that someone would actually even argue for some sort of reified buddhist truth but that is exactly what you have done here in your distortion of what nagarjuna is saying. you are living in a fairy tale of your own making and don t even know it i.e. you have not yet realized nor understood to any meaningful degree, not that you have shown. i am in now way personally attacking anyone s character they are currently indentified with in the dream of separation btw an ad hominem par excellence.
__label__non_math	0.5605	jechbi wrote:could you expand on that? appicchato wrote:...whether this sutta is a forgery or not is unimportant to me, and where would the benefit be knowing which doesn't seem possible, definitively, one way or another if it is, or isn't?...it's helped me tackle my monkey mind... i jechbi wrote:i sometimes come away with a better understanding that actually strengthens practice. i hope that occurs here. my personal theory is that the satipatthana suttas of mn dn may of been a combination of smaller suttas as a training aid for new monks who may not of been able to remember the whole collection so langer discourses were made using short discourses and verses from other longer texts to enable the students to practice properly without needing to carry around or memorise vast amounts of teachings. dmytro wrote:there are two main valid methods for establishing the relative dating of a sutta: - comparison with chinese counterparts; - linguistic analysis of the words and grammatical forms used. anything else is at best a hypothesis, and at worst an empty speculation. since the chinese versions of this sutta are pretty much similar to pali sutta, all this pathologic anatomy doesn't matter. this is identical to the second link in the op, thanks. i'm only skimmed it, though.retrofuturist wrote:have you read this? 'a history of mindfulness: how insight worsted tranquillity in the satipatthana sutta' by ajahn sujato jechbi wrote:having re-read the responses to this thread, i wanted to say thanks for all the insightful comments here. i think the term "forgery" probably is too harsh, simply because in common usage it implies "completely fake." but even ajahn sujato appears to agree that the contents of the sutta reflect important elements of dhamma teaching as they were passed down in this particular tradition. i believe he's using the term "forgery" in a narrower sense and with regards to precise origin. best wishes for your practice ...
__label__non_math	0.9941	dharmagoat wrote:hello david, recently i found that i was unable to log into buddhistcommunity using firefox because of the warning that you describe. i am now successfully logging in using internet explorer with no signs of malware... yet. i just alerted my buddy goat to a related concern, so this is a general announcement for anyone else attempting to use the buddhist-community site. it has almost certainly been hacked, perhaps by the same person s who've messed up e-sangha, or perhaps through a malware spread from e-sangha to b-c. either way, if you get the warning i just got while using firefox to check in on buddhist-community -- the same, or similar, to that quoted above warning of malicious downloads, etc. -- i highly recommend you do not attempt to gain entry to the site with ie. ie is notorious for its vulnerability to malware. remember, most hackers are aiming at microsoft products, or at least that is the word i have gotten from my techie friends. if you think you must visit a site you know has problems, a linux os is probably the safest route. i am not saying you will automatically foul up your os if you visit buddhist-community, but until the kinks get worked out and security is restored, i believe it is better to stay away and not to try to circumvent security warnings with alternate browsers. if you do, you're asking for trouble, and we all know what happens when you go asking for trouble.... stay safe and be well. and now for the real reason i came here:
__label__non_math	0.5547	if you ask me i don't know why would you do that, though : while the approach is nearly the opposite in the zen and the theravada tradition, the goal is the same. theravadins tell you almost nothing about the posture to convince you not to fixate over it, and just put the body down. zen tells you almost everything about the posture to convince you not to fixate over it, and just put the body down. the first strategy based on the premise that the lack of instruction is what you need to not being concerned, while the second strategy based on the premise that clear instruction is what you need to not being concerned. every of the two can backfire: in the first case one can spend his her whole meditation wondering how he she should sit, while in the second case one can spend his her whole meditation worrying about keeping a precise posture. both problems effectively prevent the stilling of the body, which otherwise happens naturally. but this is just pure intuition... although it is quite true that in many case the only real difference between the traditions is just the approach, and the essence is the same. "just as in the great ocean there is but one taste the taste of salt so in this doctrine and discipline there is but one taste the taste of freedom"
__label__non_math	0.6050	what do these appearances that are disjoint, appear in or are made of ? when "you" notice an appearance, what is the act of noticing? also, i agree they are disjoint or "just happen" like a movie , but would argue that they do happen or exist . you should start by reading the sites of the links especially the blog where the articles came from i posted. i think they're good places to start. from one the artcles i posted: just for the sake of clarification, i would like to make it clear that i never said that "these luminous self-perceiving phenomena which are craving-free and nondual are the ultimate", if there could still be any ambiguity about that. on the contrary, i said that what i used to take for an eternal, empty, uncreated, nondual, primordial awareness, source and substance of all things, turned out to be nothing more than the luminous nature of phenomena, themselves empty and ungraspable, somehow crystallized in a very subtle witnessing position. the whole topic of this thread is the deconstruction of this primordial awareness, one mind, cognizing emptiness, self, atman, luminous mind, tathagatgabha, or whatever we may call it, as shocking as it may seem, the buddha was very clear to say that this pure impersonal objectless nondual awareness that vedantists called atma in sanskrit, atta in pali is still the aggregate of consciousness and that consciousness, as pure and luminous as it can be, does not stand beyond the aggregates. "any kind of consciousness whatever, whether past, future or presently arisen, whether gross or subtle, whether in oneself or external, whether inferior or superior, whether far or near must, with right understanding how it is, be regarded thus: 'this is not mine, this is not i, this is not my self.'" anatta-lakkhana sutta . what i realized also is that authoritative self-realized students of direct students of both ramana maharishi and nisargadatta maharaj called me a 'jnani', inviting me to give satsangs and write books, while i had not yet understood the simplest core principles of buddhism. i realized also that the vast majority of buddhist teachers, east and west, never went beyond the same initial insights that adhyashanti calls "an abiding awakening" , confusing the atma with the ego, assuming that transcending the ego or self-center ahamkara in sanskrit was identical to what the buddha had called anatta non-atma . it would seem therefore that the buddha had realized the self at a certain stage of his acetic years it is not that difficult after all and was not yet satisfied. as paradoxical as it may seem, his "divide and conquer strategy" aimed at a systematic deconstruction of the self atma, atta , reduced to -and divided into- what he then called the five aggregates of clinging and the six sense-spheres, does lead to further and deeper insights into the nature of reality. as far as i can tell, this makes me a buddhist, not because i find buddhism cool and trendy, but because i am unable to find other teachings and traditions that provide a complete set of tools and strategies aimed at unlocking these ultimate mysteries, even if mystics from various traditions did stumble on the same stages and insights often unknowingly. thanks, sure. i especially like the "in lhatong in terms of the four naljors one is not naming what arises; one is not separate from what arises. one becomes completely identified with that which arises". this is how the practice these days. there is seeing, hearing, thinking, sensing, tasting and smelling, but obviously no seer, hearer, senser, etc. out there trying to dis-embed from the seen, the heard... if it seem that someone or something is investigating, seeing, practicing, it soon appears that this sense of a doer, an observer or even this abstract and impersonal sense of being is just thinking, feeling, sensing. as a matter of far, i am not familiar with noting vipassana. what i do is to hold on the 'sense of being' or 'sense of presence'. this presence that first felt like "i am presence-awareness" now turns into the direct apprehension of the beingness, presence or actuality of seeing, hearing, sensing, etc. in the absence of a subject, knower, self or non-dual awareness-super-self. the sense of being or feeling of existence is not anymore the sense of my being as a sentient being or even as pure non-dual awareness, but is simply experienced as the beingness of 'what is' manifesting its presence.
__label__non_math	0.9947	viniketa wrote:signing the petition to karzai doesn't hurt, but i doubt it will help. and the blessed one addressed the bhikkhus, saying: "behold now, bhikkhus, i exhort you: all compounded things are subject to vanish. strive with earnestness this was the last word of the tathagata. and when the blessed one had passed away, simultaneously with his parinibbana, brahma sahampati spoke this stanza: all must depart all beings that have life must shed their compound forms. yea, even one, a master such as he, a peerless being, powerful in wisdom, the enlightened one, has passed away. and when the blessed one had passed away, simultaneously with his parinibbana, sakka, king of the gods, spoke this stanza: transient are all compounded things, subject to arise and vanish; having come into existence they pass away; good is the peace when they forever cease. so we should just give up if you bothered reading the article or watching the video you would have learnt that it is a chinese mining colossus which is going to destroy the budddhist archaeological site so they can dig up a huge hunk of copper, not the afghans.lobster wrote:send a thank you to the afghans for this wonderful teaching on impermanence gregkavarnos wrote:if you bothered reading the article or watching the video you would have learnt that it is a chinese mining colossus which is going to destroy the budddhist archaeological site so they can dig up a huge hunk of copper, not the afghans.lobster wrote:send a thank you to the afghans for this wonderful teaching on impermanence good morning everyone we are now funded thank you for all the wonderful support as i am preparing to head out to mes aynak next month, i am hearing that the thai government, smithsonian and us state dept. with help and video from this campaign has been making inroads with the afghan government to protect mes aynak. so let's keep it up now is the time to ramp up international support for mes aynak. we really need an international organization like unesco to get involved to preserve mes aynak for future generations. but the odds are still against us due to billion dollars of copper directly under the buddhist city, the volatile taliban presence in logar, and the us troop pullout that could leave afghanistan in chaos. so we still have a lot of work to do please continue to help spread the word and support the kickstarter campaign. we are ,000 ... -mes-aynak since the campaign has been so successful, we are looking at potential stretch goals. if we reach ,000, we want to include a thai section of the documentary that interviews all the key supporters in thailand that have fought so hard for mes aynak. so let's try to keep the campaign going above and beyond the kickstarter goal again, thanks for reading and for all the amazing support johnrammy wrote:which is even worse. the chinese government which controls the mining operation hates buddhism. zen dude wrote:good news - they have postponed demolishing the site for another months, to enable further archaeological excavation. with more media coverage and exposure, perhaps it is not impossible for it to be saved. users browsing this forum: no registered users and guests
__label__math	0.7668	deepbluehum wrote:i agree that testability would great, but their are limits to what one can gather in terms of data. for example, there is no test that can falsify rebirth. the best we can hope for are two things: anecdotal evidence and one must enter the path up to the fourth jhana and aver one's mind toward past lives and see what happens. the second would only be one's own subjective experience. the same applies to karma. we can look at examples like ghaddhafi and apply the lives by the gun dies by the gun adage. then, we can "test" in our own experience whether what the buddha said is true, that good deeds result in pleasant condition and bad deeds result in painful condition. as to compassi-o-bots, you are missing a crucial element, the dharmakaya. this also has absolutely nothing to do with science, and cannot be tested, because it is simply awareness's own subjective experience, and by definition, is immeasurable. i feel this is really underestimating the power of buddhist phenomenology. what might be buddhism's most appealing factor to the western intellectual mindset is that its primary system of inquiry is a very advanced form of phenomenology, so advanced that it overtakes anything similar ever produced in the west by millenia. it is also independently verifiable in a way that other beliefs are not - a highly intelligent person stranded on an island with no access to human knowledge may, in theory, arrive at the conventional meaning of dependent origination, even karma and rebirth and so on, by logic alone. you can't really make this claim of other systems. truth, being absolute, must be able to be universally realised and derived, assuming necessary mental capacity, or it can never be trusted as truth. i think the buddha realised and taught this - who, we remember, didn't have any of the anecdotal evidence we have now. would he really try to encourage us solely by appealing to future experience? i don't think he did. if we rely on anecdotal evidence, we are only reinforcing our previous beliefs - that's why it isn't accepted generally as scientific, even though its based in scientific thinking. if we attribute truth value to claims of nde's, or yogic recollection even our own it is only ever because we assign the source credibility that we don't assign to other, competing anecdotes. that credibility is based on other assumptions, which sooner or later are found to be unfounded in any rigourous way. this is why it is a flimsy argument, the same every belief system uses, and not necessary . right view mean nothing without right understanding. we cannot yet falsify rebirth completely, so it is disingenuous to call it an empirical hypothesis. however, fortunately and possibly more importantly we can falsify nonrebirth and nonkarma. that is, it is impossible, for example, for energy to do anything other than continue. the conservation of energy is a "law" in physics. so literal non-causation and non-rebirth, at least of physical things, is impossible. we haven't quite proved the progression of a mental continuum, of course, but this is much more powerful an argument than one that appeals to anecdotal evidence, which science doesn't consider valid, and appeal to future experience, which philosophy considers a fallacy. it is bizarre to me that so many buddhists are critical of "western science". i have no idea why. everything we see in modern science is exactly what we would expect if the core tenets of buddhism are correct. empiricism and materalism "new atheism" physicalism etc. are not mutally exclusive. sorry for the wall of text, needed a vent. as a strict skeptic you are in danger of remaining a thought-o-bot. true, and this is the biggest problem for this approach, the risk of becoming an armchair-buddhist. the best philosophers are scientists, meaning skepticism is the proper attitude for experiment. but we should remember there is nothing to fear from skepticism or science, either way. they are on our side. the good thing about truth is that its invincible. hooray
__label__non_math	0.9999	by joanne peazel mccavery, rdh, bsc with summer and all of its distractions in full swing, it may be difficult for us to think several months ahead, to what we will be doing for valentine s day. however, february is only six months away, and with that red, romantic, rose-filled day comes a very special event, gift from the heart. gift from the heart is a community care initiative that was developed by our colleague, ms. bev woods r.r.d.h. the first event was held on , where dental hygienists provided complementary free if you have not yet had the opportunity to experience volunteer work, or more specifically, dental hygiene related-volunteer work, then gift from the heart is an excellent opportunity to gain some insight and valuable experience into what it means to give back to the people that share your little corner of the world. some may shy away from events like gift from the heart for the reason that they may not be self-initiated. if you are not able to self-initiate or practice independently, you can still participate many ways in this program other than chair side. for those ontario, dental hygienists who are not authorized to self-initiate, this blog may serve as a timely reminder or motivator. why not utilize an event such as this to be the motivation you need to obtain your authorized to self-initiate status? self-initiation is your gateway to participation in this great event. just as important, it also strengthens the collective voice of dental hygiene. there are six months to obtain this authorization. dental hygienists in general practice dental offices and dental hygienists who have no current intention of opening an independent dental hygiene clinic still benefit from becoming self-initiated. in ontario, the college of dental hygienists of ontario offers three options streams so even new registrants can work towards this goal shortly after entering into practice. a large support network exists to help organise and or participate in the event. visit the gift from the heart website at ; this website has all the information you will need to run the event at your office. there are media releases prepared for you to use, marketing tips and posters to print, and a place to register for the event so that the coordinator will be able to make sure you have the donated products delivered to your office or to a central depot. you can also view pictures of offices that have participated in the past to get ideas on what you might like to do with your office when you participate in this valuable community care initiative. supplies and equipment for community health programs can be challenging to accrue, but the gift from the heart event already has several large companies sponsoring by providing free supplies. donations are readily accepted, and of course, try brainstorming some fundraising ideas yourself. locations to host the initiative are abundant. consider how many independent dental hygiene clinics, dental hygiene schools, and community centres are found within thirty to sixty minutes of your home. or perhaps you will join a dental hygiene colleague friend in another location. when it comes to advertising, posters and word-of-mouth are a few suitable examples, but having the national and provincial dental hygiene associations support the program is ideal. let us hope they are reading this imagine the oral health impact that the dental hygiene community could have if even half of the dental hygienists in canada participated in this program we all know that dental hygiene is a specialized body of knowledge. we are a profession, based on our education, our certification exam, our registration and compliance with our unique regulatory bodies. can it follow then that dental hygienists play a vital role in greater society to provide some relief from oral disease to individuals close to home that could otherwise not afford it? the gift from the heart initiative allows the profession of dental hygiene to give back to the community, all the while bringing special attention to the role of dental hygienists as business owners and primary oral health care providers. give it a try next year; make a difference, expand your professional network, and help spread the healthy smiles that began as a gift from your heart. by bev woods rrdh on , i opened my own independent dental hygiene clinic. the rewards i gained by owning my own practice were immeasurable. my husband is with the canadian air force and suddenly we were posted to dover afb in delaware usa. to say i was saddened when i found out i had to sell my practice is an understatement. i did not know how i would cope without the interpersonal connections i had built with so many of my clients. it was never about the money that drove me to work every day, because to me it was never a job . instead it was about building relationships with my clients and providing an opportunity to make a difference in their oral health and overall health. it was also about putting my efforts into the struggle to bring public awareness to independent dental hygiene. i can truly say that after years of working with people, and working as a dental hygienist .. i miss it. while living in delaware, i have searched for a direction that would allow me to have the same compassionate contact with people. i started volunteering with an organization at dover afb call friends of the fallen - friends helping lift the families of the fallen soldiers. we are a community-based volunteer group which provides service and assistance to families who come to dover air force base to witness the dignified transfer of their loved ones. after months of training, i was asked to join their board of directors as the volunteer coordinator. i now spend my days meeting amazing people who have given the biggest sacrifice - the lives of their sons, daughters, husbands, wives, mothers, and fathers. even though i am from another country and our uniforms are different, we are all fighting for the same cause freedom my recent trip home to ontario last month opened my eyes and my heart. while attending a repatriation ceremony at cfb trenton, i had the honor of meeting two amazing men. they have come together to show the world that there are no boundaries when it comes to improving quality of life. their mission is to recognize and pay tribute to the people who risk their lives to save others in the course of their chosen profession. they have started this simple organization so that their message will spread and give meaning to the word sacrifice. they believe in peace, unity, mutual respect, and cooperation. they do this by special events and rallies. it made me realize that our profession is no different. i began to see the similarities between their everyday obstacles and ours in dental hygiene. for example, in , i turned to friends old and new to come together as one to bring public awareness to independent dental hygienist, while at the same time reaching out to those less fortunate in our communities. i named this day a gift from the heart. three years and hundreds of happy healthy smiles later, registered dental hygienists from across our great country have rallied together, unified as one to make a difference in the lives of those in our own communities. self initiated rdh s that work on their own as well as those that work in traditional settings all came together on that one special day to work together to make a difference. you see it doesn t matter what location we provide our scope of practice, we are all the same, we are all one. our passion shines brighter and brighter as we continue to work together as oral health care providers. the two men i met in trenton pointed out something very important to me that can be applied to many aspects of our lives and that is we must learn to see beauty and find joy through living the simple goal of living well together side by side. i thought i was at a crossroads in my life but instead i realize that i am standing right in the middle of the intersection where i have the freedom to choose a variety of directions to go forward in. i will continue to volunteer for the families of the fallen, i will continue to promote my profession any way i can, mentor my fellow colleagues in dental hygiene, and i will continue to volunteer to coordinate the gift from the heart so that we can all work to build the event to make it the best it can be so that we continue to help many more people less fortunate in our communities. ultimately that will bring about the much deserved public awareness to our great profession. if anyone is interested in volunteering for the gift from the heart in , please contact me, i would love to explain to you how you can make a difference. changing the world--begins with yourself side by side we are one. sincerely, bev woods rrdh
__label__non_math	1.0000	art at the diasearch the collection rollover image to zoom photo , detroit institute of arts the theatre of marcellus giovanni battista piranesi italian, - etching printed in black on laid paper - plate: x in. .x .cm sheet: x in. .x .cm - prints, drawings photographs - gift of mrs. james e. scripps - accession no. search art at the dia see favorite works from dia staff members. support the dia your membership and donations are critical to the museum s success. stay in the know receive ongoing updates about events, announcements, and more from the dia.
__label__non_math	0.9979	living with diabetes diabetes is a condition that affects everyone from children right up to adults. it is referred as a chronic condition since a person who has it can go through many changes in their lives as it can affect their entire body. over time, diabetes can cause blindness, stroke, and amputations among other things. there are two types of diabetes; juvenile or type diabetes and adult-onset diabetes also known as type diabetes. the more common form of diabetes is type and those who have this type of diabetes are faced many difficulties and complications to their liver, muscle and even fat cells. in the case of type diabetics, they are required to use insulin to be able to combat the effects of diabetes. a simple blood sugar test can determine if you have diabetes or not. the doctor usually checks the level of your glucose to determine if you are diabetic. there are also telltale signs that one is diabetic as well. the symptoms of diabetes include an increase in thirst; feeling tired all the time, headaches, and weight loss and in some cases blurred vision and even dry mouth. there is a treatment for diabetes and one can easily keep it under control if proper measures are taken. one must first keep their blood glucose in check all the time and one way to achieve this is by eating healthy foods for diabetics. one can also combat the symptoms of diabetes by keeping up with an exercise regimen and it would also help to keep their weight under control as well.
__label__non_math	1.0000	about the bourse's history, its services, benefits, and value-proposition. all about the trading of diamonds gemstones in and through the bourse. membership related information and a directory of bourse members updates, news, and information regarding services events media resources: photos, videos, and general bourse documents and forms. complete contact details for the diamond bourse, and its management.
__label__non_math	0.9982	contour argent ball pen contour argent ballpen hour express service available at extra cost price on request barrel silver. grip colour: blue, purple, red, orange, yellow, green, black. print area 40mm x 6mm or new larger print area 35mm x 10mm price includes printing on the body of pen in one position. setup charge . carriage at cost printed one colour extra colour printed all prices quoted are subject to vat at current rate and are subject to our standard terms and conditions - available on request. payment terms first order payment with order unless by prior arrangement. for prices that include delivery it is to one uk mainland address. for highlands and offshore islands, please ring for quote. we reserve the right to ship and invoice over or under the quantity ordered. samples - are now supplied on a non-returnable basis and charged at cost depending on the cost of the products. however, if you place a printed order for that product, we are happy to refund the total cost paid from your final invoice. inspection upon receipt. all goods received by you or your client must be inspected within working days of delivery and any shortages or quality issues reported to the supplier the company you placed your order with in writing. on no account can the goods be distributed by you until you are satisfied that they are of merchantable quality. no discounts or compensation will be given once the products have been distributed. for more details, see the relevant section on the left menu bar.
__label__non_math	0.9973	rapaport... the gemological institute of america gia responded to the discovery of a counterfeit gia report in hong kong that has been traced back to antwerp. the fraudulent document resembles an authentic gia report, but it has been taken out of circulation and is now in gia's possession. the institute is working to obtain additional information concerning this report and its origin. a close examination of the document in question verified that it was counterfeit, as the color, font and background did not match that of an authentic gia report, among other discrepancies. in this particular case, the report number did not correspond with the stone, though this number was an actual report number for a different stone. the diamond in this case, which was of lower quality, appeared to have been cut to match the original gia information. a review of the diamond s measurements, color and clarity also clearly demonstrated that the diamond did not match the gia report's specifications. gia is currently engaged with law enforcement agencies worldwide to help prevent, detect and prosecute these illegal reports and has urged the trade and the public to use report check, which it touts as the most effective way to identify counterfeit reports. report check is only available for diamonds graded between and the present. more information can be found at the gia report verification service can also be used to confirm the authenticity of a gia diamond grading report and diamond dossier or the information it contains; consumers and members of the trade can request verification service from gia. they can also submit their diamond, along with its original report, for reassessment and receive back the results of the new analysis, along with the diamond and its original report. alternatively, the original gia grading report can also be updated for a reduced fee, meaning that the diamond is resubmitted to the laboratory and fully graded again and a new report is issued, with the original report retained by gia.
__label__non_math	1.0000	by choosing one of the above, you are able to shop for both yourself and a registrant at the same time. once you are ready to checkout your items will be waiting for you in both your personal and registry shopping carts. still need assistance? please contact us at -800-diapers -800-342-
__label__non_math	0.9990	re: getting past the biting? it will sound counterproductive, but when she bites, pull her in snugly against your breast. this will be uncomfy for her, and in order to breathe better, will automatically let go of your nipple. if you consistently take this approach, she'll get the picture that biting mom isn't funny and the consequences aren't very comfy. i would say "no" in a loud mom-means-business voice and this also helped us. however, if she thinks it's funny when you yelp, this might not work for you. hth. not saying this is a sure fire thing, but it worked for us
__label__non_math	1.0000	my account guarantee new items locations prima donna cheese as low as: . oz di bruno bros. essential sports pack di bruno bros. salami sampler currently shopping by there are no products in this category. be the first to know about new di bruno products, promotions, sales and more di bruno brothers, inc. privacy security policy
__label__non_math	1.0000	- double knee for super durability - extra pocket on leg - wrinkle resistant and stain release - permanent crease not available on washed colors - washed colors are silicone washed loose fit. convenient extra pocket on leg. .oz. twill fabric, polyester cotton. no iron, stain release fabric with crisp permanent crease means they look great wash after wash. tough tunnel belt loops.
__label__non_math	0.9853	diamondback adult sortie 29er mountain bike i love this bike. handles great, lands soft, and climbs like a champ. i moved from ,500- ,000 bikes to this, and couldn't be happier. i was a little anxious impatient being as i had to order this bike from the store rather then ride, but it was worth it. this bike is easy mode, because you have to try really hard to mess up on the 29s with float. great bike. i don't normally like 'ers, but the sortie 'er is one of a handful of recent bikes to come out that is changing my opinion of big-wheel all mountain platforms.
__label__non_math	1.0000	thinking of selling or short selling? click here get paid up to ,000 to short sale your home: bank of america chase just anounced a new relocation assistance program where our clients can receive between ,000 in cash incentives at closing of their short sale. to see if you qualify please click here and fill out the form. one of our specialist will call you back right away san diego homes for sale - san diego real estate listings search we are proud to welcome you to san diego homes. san diego real estate is the top local site to search for the best san diego homes and investment properties for sale. whether you are wanting to search san diego houses, condos, duplexes, rentals or thinking about selling your own san diego property, let diego homes realty group be your real estate agent. our team has years of experience in the san diego real estate market and you will definitely see this shining through. if you have any questions about any san diego homes for sale or you need a san diego realtor, feel free to contact us anytime. we will be happy to provide you excellent service do you see the links to the right of this page? by using those, you will be able to go straight to the san diego community profile pages. the san diego community profile pages will show you san diego houses for sale, land for sale and condos for sale in each area. as you are performing a search, you can easily click on "advanced search." the advanced search option will allow you to narrow down your results to view only san diego homes for sale, condos for sell and bedroom counts. it will even give you the chance to search for only foreclosures on our site, you will find every san diego mls home for sale. san diego real estate for sale san diego real estate is being sold at wonderful values in the market today. purchasing san diego homes for sale or san diego condos for sale, in many cases, is more efficient than renting san diego real estate. in san diego, there is a wide range of neighborhood profiles. the san diego realtor can introduce you to anything from the hip and trendy areas of north park or hillcrest to the upscale areas of la jolla and del mar. when you are looking for san diego homes for sale, you will find an energetic and vibrant town where nightlife, shopping and restaurants thrive. you can live in the heart of san diego's downtown east village, which is near petco park or you can live in gaslamp district. adjacent to the san diego harbor, you can find san diego houses for sale in little italy. if you are searching for san diego real estate for a home or investment property, it is a good time to make the purchase. there are so many homes and condos on the san diego real estate market that you can take part in. you will surely get a great deal if you would like to get a good deal in the san diego real estate market, then contact us today. we have experts who can analyze each property and show you the type of return you can expect on any type of real estate investment. san diego homes under 300k lovely bedroom .bath house in clairemont. property has a nice sized back yard with an ingroud pool. great neighborhood and centrally located. - beds - baths . - mls what a view - beds - baths . - mls - bldg. nob hill fell out of escrow regular sale..entire townhouse has light wood floors, upgraded baths kitchen,freshly painted, ready to move into, large deck patio at rear with carp... - beds - baths . - mls - bldg. lemans house needs a lot of tlc, family patio room 14x20 not included in s.f.pool needs repairs - beds - baths . - mls free daily email updates - automated home searches - favorite properties - email updates - and much more
__label__non_math	0.9997	dallas is the ninth largest city in the nation and the third largest in texas. it s population is around .million and the economy seems to be doing just fine in today s world. the dallas area is home to the cowboys football , mavericks basketball , stars hockey , and texas rangers baseball , all of which are among the top competitors season after season. the dallas climate is usually a humid, subtropical one, with hot summers and mild winters. dallas is a great city and is pretty up to date on the fitness industry, as well. below are the best gyms in and around the dallas area: - equinox: one of the best gyms in dallas, as well as the rest of the nation. from booming personal training and fitness classes to top-of-the-line fitness equipment, if you are looking for a great place to exercise and meet new people, this gym is for you - lifetime fitness: lifetime fitness has eight gyms in and around the dallas area. lifetime fitness has the best of the best, accompanied by a helpful and friendly staff. if you have not exercised at one of these premier clubs, you need to do so as soon as possible. - the texas club: located on main street in dallas, this amazing facility offers two free personal training sessions when you first join. this club also offers basketball courts, an indoor running track, heated indoor pool, saunas, steam rooms, and whirlpools. don t pass this gym up - gold s gym: if you are serious about your workouts, gold s gym is the place for you. fitness is everything at gold s and the friendly staff will tell you the same
__label__non_math	0.9963	dell venue pro vs apple iphone full specs compared dell venue pro and apple iphone have two different form factors. dell venue pro is a portrait slider having a . sliding touch screen. the vertical slider slide up for a physical keyboard, a good physical keyboard. apple iphone is a candy bar with . display. though iphone display is smaller, the retina display led back-lit lcd display with ips technology and 960 x 640 resolution is a benchmark for mobile phones. venue pro display amoled with wvga 800 480 resolution though not to the standard of retina display is sharp and bright. iphone is very slim, light and attractive while dell venue pro is fairly thick and bulky, but it too is attractive. the software also different in both while iphone runs the latest ios .dell venue pro is based on microsoft s windows phone . however the clock speed of the cpus in both the phones are same, it s 1ghz. both the phones also offer two options for internal memory and in both the memories are not removable and not expandable, but iphone has better options. iphone offers 16gb or gb while dell venue pro offers 8gb or 16gb. the camera lens resolution also same in both, both are 5mp cameras but performance wise iphone camera is better. and with windows phone you cannot share your captions from the phone to the social networks. again both do not support the hspa network. talking about the operating system, though windows phone is fairly a new entrant, users may find it familiar as they are used to windows system in their pcs. the browser in dell venue is internet explorer mobile and iphone utilizes the same safari browser used in mac pcs and idevices. the attraction in windows phones is the built in xbox live. of course dell venue pro s pricing is reasonable and its available on line. the 8gb model is priced at 149.with a new year contract. 8gb unlocked phone is priced 499.. apple iphone is quite expensive; the 16gb iphone is 299 with a new year contract.
__label__non_math	0.9994	so i sat down tonight to finally get around to writing my hit piece about ron paul on his immigration stance. that's right, a hit piece that would shut you ron paul wackos supporters up once and for all about how tough ron paul is on immigration. for some reason through briefly glancing over his record at one point and reading some articles over the years, i had come to the conclusion that he was a fake, a fraud and had just jumped on the immigration bandwagon. how wrong i was i truly don't know how i made that mistake - it probably was the h1-b visa issue i mention below - but here's the information that i've dug up on my long awaited witch hunt - that turned into almost total admiration - for ron paul on immigration. first, let me preface this with the meaning of "almost total admiration". i am a tancredo supporter. you can't "out tancredo", tancredo on immigration, it simply isn't possible and hence the "almost total admiration" bit. a quick overview of ron paul. he's been a republican representative for texas since . he is a member of the congressional immigration reform caucus founded by tom tancredo in and currently led by brian bilbray . he has an almost lunatic and hellbent group of supporters out there that always show up at every rally i've been to one time with a guy wearing a ben franklin outfit . he also has managed to turn these supporters into donors, racking up some impressive cash to support his candidacy. ok, enough on that basic info. here is what you really need to know about ron paul and immigration. i'm not going to just spout what he's been saying on his website. all of this information below is backed up with hardcore action through ron paul actually voting and signing official letters in congress. "we have security issues at home and our resources are running thin. our education system is stretched, and immigration accounts for virtually all the national increase in public school enrollment in the last decades. there is a worker present in of immigrant households using at least one major welfare program... it s no surprise then that often times these immigrants can afford to work for lower wages. they are subsidized by our government to do so." - ron paul gone, finito, adios he has personally co-sponsored bills going all the way back to his first appearances on capitol hill in to end birthright citizenship and the practice of giving us citizenship to the children of illegal aliens. there's no doubts on his stance on this. "the anchor baby phenomenon has also been very problematic. simply being born on us soil to illegal immigrant parents should not trigger automatic citizenship. this encourages many dangerous behaviors and there are many unintended consequences as a result of this blanket policy. i am against amnesty and i have introduced an amendment to the constitution h.j. res which will end this form of amnesty." - ron paul funding illegal alien social services la raza won't like ron paul one single bit when it comes to all the freebies that illegal aliens currently get. oh yes, ron paul would not just do away with some little programs they receive, but would take away the following current gifts they receive from us taxpayers. - public schooling - social security - free healthcare - food stamps - any other form of government assistance in addition he voted against the "totalization" agreement several times that would have given illegal aliens from mexico us social security. "right now we are subsidizing a lot of illegal immigration with our robust social programs and it is an outrage that instead of coming to the united states as a land of opportunity, many come for the security guaranteed by government forced transfer payments through our welfare system. i have opposed giving federal assistance to illegal immigrants and have introduced legislation that ends this practice. in the last major house-passed immigration bill i attempted to introduce an amendment that would make illegal immigrants ineligible for any federal assistance." - ron paul goodbye to funding for states and cities using sanctuary policies. ron paul has voted to deny federal funding to states that won't work and share information with federal immigration agencies. voted to deny highway funding to states that issue driver's licenses to illegal aliens. remember these are actual votes, not just a lot of talk about it. the vote against highway funding was in , long before presidential campaigns were forcing people like romney, giuliani and huckabee to play some game with immigration. border security and local enforcement ron paul voted for the border fence. he has also voted several times for state and local law enforcment to be allowed to help enforce immigration law. the one thing he has voted against time and again is putting troops on the border. he has however voted for bills to increase the border patrol. "i have also supported the strengthening our border and increasing the number of border patrol agents. it is an outrage that our best trained border guards are sent to iraq instead of guarding our borders. for national security, we need to give more attention to our own border which is being illegally breached every day, and yet the government shirks one of its few constitutionally mandated duties, namely to defend this country. citizens lose twice with our current insecure border situation we don t have the protection we should have, and then taxpayers have to deal with the fallout in the form of overstretched public resources and loss of jobs." - ron paul workplace verification and free trade free trade affects immigration and ron paul is against it firmly. he voted against cfta chile free trade agreement , sfta singapore free trade agreement and cafta central american free trade agreement . he also voted to prevent immigration related items to be included in free trade agreements. some sneaky people were trying to include special country related immigration allowances in these agreements as part of the deal. where paul is wobbly is on workplace enforcement. he voted against the basic pilot program employment verification system in , but then voted in favor of hr in , which included the basic pilot program in it. he also voted against funding the real id act and to not tie a driver's license expiration date to a visa expiration date. from what i've seen and read this all seems to have something to do with his stance on privacy rights, not the opposition to making sure workers are legal. i'd like to ask him what his proposal for verifying workers is if he doesn't agree with e-verify, which is what basic pilot is now known as. matricula consular and other non-verified foreign documents ron paul has stood firmly against "id cards" issued by consulates like the matricula consular issued by mexican consulates throughout the us. paul has voted against their acceptance by financial institutions as well as against their acceptance by federal agencies and authorities. another small strike against paul is his voting in favor of doubling high tech worker h1-b visas in . in that same year he also voted against a bill that would have required that businesses ensure that they've actively tried to hire an american worker before applying to have a foreign worker come here on a visa like the h1-b. i find that to be a little shameful that he would allow for the free flow of new foreign workers that could displace americans. however, look at the date of that vote. . the dot-com bubble was just about to take off and and i was there at the time. things were hopping and there truly was a shortage of workers at the time. i think there should have been a cliff though with the bill and it should have been up for review every other year to ensure that our tech workforce wasn't decimated like it was. ron paul has voted many times to get rid of the visa lottery. a worthless system that draws names out of a hat as to who comes here rather than looking at their qualifications and what they can do for our country and reasonings for coming here. "rather than securing our borders, we seem to be providing more pores for illegal aliens, drug dealers, and terrorists to permeate. ... not only that, but the anti-competitive and burdensome yoke of over-regulation of our industry at home is about to send a lot more americans to the unemployment lines." - ron paul paul has also signed two letters directly related to immigration to the speaker of the house. the first was to speaker of the house dennis hastert opposing an amnesty for illegal aliens in . the second was a letter to speaker of the house nancy pelosi in from the immigration reform caucus opposing the introduction of immigration legislation. so i stand corrected. ron paul is a true blue immigration warrior and i made a mistake somehow in thinking otherwise. this does not mean that i endorse him on other issues such as an immediate pull out of iraq or the closing of guantanamo bay or the belief in the north american union although some of his other ideas are intriguing , just that his immigration stance truly is one that takes the issue head on in the right way and has for over years. you can read more about ron paul and his immigration stance at americans for better immigration and the official ron paul website
__label__non_math	0.9125	this admin should be removed the 15bucks a month does not even come close to justifying him as a admin. he acts like a 5year old. he kicks everyone when he is losing, if you are killing him he kicks you. if his team is losing he kicks you. that is not being a responsible admin. when people say he is abusing admin he kicks them. ask in the game everyone knows he is a douche.
__label__non_math	0.8517	canon's "a" series digital cameras have enjoyed amazing popularity with consumers since the introduction of the pioneering little a20 almost ten years ago. that popularity is due in large part to the "a" series reputation for delivering excellent image quality, dependable performance, and impressive durability. last year's a2000 is was a major design departure - canon's new "a" series flagship was clearly targeted at casual photographers rather than the budget constrained photo enthusiasts who bought earlier "a" series cameras. it's been almost a year since the introduction of the a2000 is and the verdict is in - the camera has sold very well and consumers obviously like the new design. the canon powershot a2100 is will very likely do even better in the marketplace than its predecessor. build and design while the a2000 is was a revolutionary change in direction for "a" series cameras, the new a2100 is that replaces it is more an evolutionary update. the a2100 is features canon's fourth generation digic iv processor the a2000 is had a digic iii coupled to a .-inch .megapixel the a2000 is was a megapixel camera ccd image sensor. previous "a" series models were very popular with photo enthusiasts and more serious shooters because they provided a very useful range of manual exposure options aperture priority mode, shutter priority mode, and a full manual exposure mode , but the a2100 is utilizes the same auto exposure only system as the a2000 is. like the a2000 is before it, the a2100 is features a .inch tft lcd, but like many current point-and-shoots the a2100 is doesn't sport an optical viewfinder - earlier "a" series cameras featured optical viewfinders. a friend who sells digital cameras used to tout earlier "a" series flagship models as the "junior gee" - a stripped down version of canon's preeminent point and shoot cameras. he can't say that anymore, but he can and does point out that the new "a" series flagship models are substantially smaller, thinner, and lighter than earlier "a" series cameras - easily pocketable, which the previous "a" models definitely were not. the a2100 is features a very good 6x optical zoom equivalent to -216mm - while most ultra-compact compact cameras provide only a or 4x zoom - giving a2100 is users a nice "extra reach" bonus. ergonomics and controls the a2100 is is essentially identical to the a2000 is. like its predecessor and unlike previous a models the metal alloy clad polycarbonate body is wedge shaped with rounded ends. despite its diminutive footprint, this camera is no lightweight. in fact, it is at the outer edge of compactness pocketability - but it is pocketable and it also provides megapixel resolution and a 6x zoom. the integral handgrip that was a standard feature on earlier a-series cameras is absent on the a2100 is, making this camera a bit less stable in the hand than earlier "a" models. the a2100 is is approximately the same size as a deck of playing cards - .01x2.50x1.inches 101.9x63.5x31.9mm and weighs .oz 185gr body only - no batteries . the a2100 is's user interface is uncomplicated and straightforward with large, clearly marked buttons and simple near-intuitive operation. the a2100 is's control array is standard canon - meaning everything is familiar to anyone who has ever used a powershot camera , easily accessed, and logically placed. the compass switch four-way controller and func button provide direct access to the most commonly adjusted features and functions: exposure compensation, white balance, iso, color modes, flash settings, and macro mode. kudos to canon for placing the exposure compensation button at the north top position on the compass switch - making minor exposure adjustments incrementally lightening or darkening images easy. using the camera is dead simple: all exposure options are minor variations on the auto mode theme. canon clearly designed the a2100 is to be usable by just about anyone. most folks will have no problem using the camera right out of the box. menus and modes the powershot a2100 is features canon's classic menu system - the best in the business. the menu system accessed via a small button beneath the compass switch is logical, easy to navigate, and dead simple - since the camera permits only minimal user input. push the menu button and the "camera setup" sub-menus appear. the a2100 is provides an acceptable selection of shooting modes including auto, program, easy, and video movie modes and a small but adequate selection of automatic scene mode presets. here's a complete listing of the a2100 is's shooting modes: like many currently available point and shoots, the a2100 is doesn't feature an optical viewfinder, relying instead on the .inch 230,000 pixel lcd screen for framing composition, captured image review, and menu navigation chores . many casual shooters don't use optical viewfinders and in many commonplace shooting situations macro, festivals events, portraits it is quicker and easier to watch the decisive moment come together on the lcd screen than it is through the optical viewfinder. lcd screens are ttl through the lens and function as very accurate framing tools, but for shooting in bright outdoor locales i prefer an optical viewfinder. the a2100 is's lcd is like most point and shoot lcds subject to fade and glare in bright outdoor light. the a2100's .inch tft lcd screen is bright, hue accurate, relatively fluid, and automatically boosts gain in dim low light. the user-enabled lcd grid-line display is a nice and useful touch as well. timing operational speed is one of the two most important considerations when assessing digital camera performance - the other is image quality. the a2100 is comes in about the middle of the pack when compared to its competition, but does the a2100 is's digic iv processor make it faster than the digic iii equipped a2000 is? shutter lag press-to-capture, pre-focused af acquisition press-to-capture, no pre-focus based on results from our own lab, the a2100 is comes in slower than its predecessor. some of that difference in performance might be attributable to the a2100 is's twenty percent increase in image size over the a2000 is. the camera needs about . - .seconds for the boot-up cycle camera on to the first image capture . shot to shot times averaged out to around two seconds between shots flash off . the a2100's built-in flash recycles in about . - .seconds after a full-power discharge . shutter lag press-to-capture, pre-focused af acquisition press-to-capture, no pre-focus the a2100 is features the same ttl contrast detection -point aiaf advanced intelligent auto focus system as its predecessor. in all exposure modes the camera analyzes the scene in front of the lens and then calculates camera to subject distance to determine which of the af points is closest to the primary subject closest subject priority and then locks focus on that af point. users can also opt for the one af point center af for classic portraits or traditional landscapes. in low light a focus assist beam helps illuminate the subject for more accurate focusing. the a2100 is's built-in multi mode flash provides an acceptable selection of artificial lighting options, including off, on fill flash , auto fires when needed , red-eye reduction, auto red-eye correction, fe lock, and slow synchro canon claims the maximum flash range is between feet and feet which appears to be a fairly accurate claim - based on my very limited flash use. the a2100 is like all a-series canons is powered by two alkaline, nimh, or lithium aa cells. battery life will depend on the type of aa batteries used. i rarely keep track of the number of exposures shot before the batteries went belly up, but i'd say a more accurate "real world" assessment would be something like 150 to 180 exposures. the a2100 is features the same .4mm -.4mmf .-f5. 36mm-216mm equivalent 6x zoom elements in groups with aspherical element that graced its predecessor. when the camera is powered up the zoom extends automatically, and when the camera is powered down the zoom is fully retracted into the camera body. a built-in iris style lens cover closes to protect the front element. zooming is fairly smooth and operation is relatively quiet. the a2100 is's zoom is surprisingly good - the lens displays some very minor corner softness, but no vignetting dark corners . barrel distortion at the wide-angle end of the zoom range is minimal, which is impressive since barrel distortion is a common fault with small, highly complex camera zooms. pincushion distortion is essentially invisible at the telephoto end of the zoom. the a2100 is's optical image stabilization system reduces blur by quickly and precisely shifting a lens element in the zoom to compensate for minor camera movement. is allows users to shoot at shutter speeds up to three f-stops slower than would have been possible without is. image stabilization can also be a very useful when shooting dimly lit indoor venues where flash is inappropriate. the a2100 is provides three is modes: continuous is on full time , shoot only is is only activated when the picture is taken , and panning only stabilizes up-and-down motion for horizontally panned exposures. image stabilization is combined in the a2100 is with canon's motion detection technology, which automatically charts camera and subject movement and then utilizes the motion movement data from both sources to determine how much to boost sensitivity between iso and iso 800 to help counter camera subject movement. motion detection works in concert with the a2100's ois system and aiaf system to produce acceptable images under less than ideal conditions - the guitar player was shot after sunset about at full telephoto. without is the image would have been too blurry to use. is can't work miracles, but in addition to neutralizing camera shake it can make a big difference in low dim light or in scenes with rapidly unfolding action. the a2100 is's fps vga 640x480 movie mode wasn't designed to compete with a dedicated video camera, but it will do nicely for generating e-mail video attachments for friends and family. like most cameras, the a2100 is can't be zoomed while in video capture mode. with the a2100 is even video editing, which is usually complicated and unintuitive, is easy. the image files produced by canon's point and shoots are optimized for the bold bright hues and slightly hard contrast that many shooters refer to as canon color - the a2100 is doesn't stray much from this "family" identity. default color is fairly accurate with most colors coming close to neutral. reds are a little warm, blues are a bit bright, and greens are very vibrant, but purples tend toward blue. most casual shooters won't consider these minor variations from neutral color as faults. although there is a very slight tendency toward overexposure - outdoors in good light the a2100 is produces dependably well-exposed, almost noise-free images. chromatic aberration is remarkably well controlled, but some very minor color fringing is present, especially in the color transition areas between dark foreground objects and bright backgrounds. images are highly detailed and surprisingly sharp. the a2100 is provides users with a decent selection of white balance options, including auto including face detection wb , daylight, cloudy, tungsten, fluorescent, and fluorescent h, and custom.overall the a2100 is's auto wb system does a good job, but like all of canon's consumer cameras, the a2100's auto wb setting produces colors that are noticeably warmer than real world colors under incandescent light. auto white balance, 3200k incandescent light sensitivity and noise the a2100 is provides a nice range of sensitivity options, including auto and high iso auto incorporating motion detection technology settings, as well as manually user-set options for iso to and even an iso low-res scene mode . iso , crop iso 100, crop iso 200, crop iso 400, crop iso 800, crop iso , crop iso 100 images are indistinguishable - both show bright colors, slightly hard native contrast, and low noise levels. iso 200 images were also very good, but show a bit less snap. at the iso 400 setting noise is noticeable and there's a perceptible loss of minor detail. fine detail is lost. iso 800 and iso images are noticeably noisy, but they should be ok for email, web use, and 3x5 or 4x6 prints. additional sample images if iconic french candid street photographers henri cartier-bresson and robert doisneau had carried canon powershot a2100 is cameras, rather than leica rangefinders with 50mm lenses, i doubt their images would have suffered much and their creative possibilities would have been increased exponentially. the a2100 is makes an almost ideal first digital camera and it is an excellent choice for the primary family camera. it is also a very good choice for travelers who want a tough, lightweight, "go anywhere" camera that runs on universally available aa batteries. i carried the a2100 is with me pretty much everywhere i went for two weeks and i was consistently impressed - just like i have been with every other "a" series canon camera i've used to date.
__label__non_math	0.9952	quick to do view single post originally posted by i've been known to use edit transform skew to correct converging verticals - generally do barrel pin cushion correction in acr. as you say though andy, it can all be done quickly and easily. yes, there are various ways to overcome different problems and of course not everyone has top end cameras or editing software and while my example is a quick edit fixit demo; it was prompted after seeing some awful "published shots" in a magazine where i quess the editor was not bothered or fussy about the magazines overall generally smart style.
__label__non_math	0.9982	view full version : site not sandboxed but i'm not hitting for my keywords -seo woes so i decided do start clickjacking another site, this one movie related. everything was fine for a few days. i was getting uvs a day organic for the keywords i was targeting. i am still way ahead of the competition for my keywords but now my site is not ranking anyore. it is not sandboxed as site:"mysite" still shows results. so google didn't "sandboxed" me but decided to stop ranking me for certain keywords? what should i do. obviously remove the clickjacking script, but will google automagically start ranking me for those keywords again or is there another step i can take. please help dg, this is one of my bigger money sites. i just checked search.yahoo and all of the backlinks are just gone? everyone. i used the xrumer services worldismine recommended and just pinged the fuck out of all the results. i was first page for weeks and now all of them are gone? how did this happen what can i do? please help, i'm losing money quickly. i've always said in my latest threads not to clickjack your main site. av companies and many others are scanning websites and adding clickjackers to a blacklist daily. i've lost some traffic due to this also. and never ping xrumer blasts to a site ... it's an instant red flag. let google find them slowly... takes more time but it's more natural. i know, i learned my lesson with clickjacking on my larger sites, but is there anything i can do? i mean i'm not sandboxed, just checked search.yahoo and 200 of my backlinks already made it back but i'm still not ranking for my big keywords. what can i do? thanks worldismine, your a boss. you must spread some reputation around before giving it to worldismine again. yeah man some of my sites seem to have dropped off the serps as well and competitors "backup sites" are hitting the top... pretty weird. i say keep backlinking, don't stop doing what you were doing. thats the worst thing you can do. check your reffs for urls from av companies, if there are any, contact their support to have the site off the list tell them you were hacked, its worked for me and i was off the list competitors can whine to google on you if your backlinks are shit. but, google is so swamped they never do manual reviews unless it's a high target keyword site... but there is always that in a million that someone reported you and you got punished. which i doubt i would just continue as usual and wait. there isn't much you can do anyway except work on the site to make it better. if it makes you feel any better, one of my main sites vanished from page one about weeks ago. i had the position for months... all unique content, lots of backlinks more than competitors .. i was like wtf?????????????????????????????????????????????? i kept doing what i was doing. blast a few links, updated every -days.. finally yesterday out of thin air i am back to the same position. ugh, it sucks not to know what is causing this. thank you, it feels good to hear that at least. im seeing my sites in google webmaster tools showing positions i should be ranking for, but i'm not. perhaps it will come back up... but who knows. google been pissin me off. didn't google recently change their algorithm? i seem to remember reading that they did and site owners were flipping out because a lot of sites dropped in rank all of a sudden. the change was supposed to help weed out "content farms" i know if i don't keep building fresh links to my sites at least once a month everything will be fine for a few months and then i'll suddenly drop from page one to page two, three, four or worse all of a sudden. once i get some fresh links it recovers though, usually within a month. as for the yahoo links i had the same thing happen a few weeks ago and now they're all back i think there might just be an issue with yahoo or something. powered by vbulletin version ..
__label__non_math	0.9671	the environmental impact of electric vehicles has been in the media for some time. now comes news that electric vehicles can also impact running the home. an exhibit at the georgian college auto show, in barrie, ontario, demonstrates the integration of electric vehicles into the home by using the latest smart grid technologies. the display, which is run by nissan and powerstream, shows how an electric vehicle such as the nissan leaf can help power the home by converting energy stored in the car s batteries to residential use through a system called vehicle to home v2h . with energy stored in its 24kw lithium-ion battery, a fully charged nissan leaf can provide enough electricity to run a typical residential canadian home for a full day. the leaf to home electricity-supply system is gathering attention as a new form of infrastructure, as well as contributing factor to energy saving and alternative energy use. powerstream, ontario s second-largest community-owned company, began working on the project after taking delivery of nissan s fully-electric leaf vehicle. the powerstream nissan display proves how smart connections between the grid, the home and the car can help us improve the way energy is managed, consumed and conserved, said markham mayor frank scarpitti, who is chairman of the board at powerstream. the collaboration between nissan and powerstream illustrates the dramatic changes underway in technology and how two industry leaders can collaborate to benefit consumers. studies have shown that cutting off one household from the network when power demands are their highest can significantly contribute towards the stable supply of power throughout the grid. the nissan powerstream v2h system demonstrates leading-edge technologies and the future capabilities of smart grid and the benefit to consumers. cnw group nissan canada nissan canada and powerstream demonstrate the nissan leaf to home charging system for first time in canada at the georgian college auto show in barrie. earlier this week in japan, nissan introduced the ev power station, an electric-vehicle charging station developed by nichicon corporation. the ev power station can fully recharge the leaf s high-capacity batteries in as little as four hours, approximately half the time required by conventional chargers. the public debut of v2h in canada today will drive new advancements and collaboration in the auto industry of tomorrow, said nissan canada president allen childs. v2h will foster literal connections, such as those between vehicles, infrastructure, the internet, and the nation s electrical grid, and the connections and relationships between engineers who are developing the next generation vehicle technology.
__label__non_math	0.9992	adults who have started working towards their general equivalency diploma ged are being urged to finish it this year, because the high school equivalency diploma test will be undergoing some changes. according to yahoo, if adults fail to finish their ged before the changes take place, then they will need to start all over. the ged testing service will be releasing a new version of the test, which will be given nationwide, on . according to abc, developers say that these changes are the first major changes since . developers also say that the new changes will align the test with the new common core curricula, which has been adopted by most states to increase career readiness as well as college readiness. according to wivb, the new ged test will cost almost double than the current ged test, and that is because the new test will be done on a computer, not by pencil and paper. regular updates have been introduced regularly but none are as dramatic as the updates that will take place in january. people who take the test from jan. on, then they will have four sections to complete. currently there are five sections of the ged test that needs to be completed. kevin smith, the state education department deputy commissioner for adult career and continuing education, said that they are trying to make the transition more seamless.
__label__non_math	0.9358	i haven't received my copy. hmmmm... has my subscription lapsed? darn if you already have an account with us, please use the login panel below to access your account. leica m8 75mm f summicron asph, 50mm summilux f .asph, voightlander 15mm f .swh, lumix gf1 -45mm, leica v-lux30....thanks for visiting my photogallery: darvin2138 how much does this cost? problem is, i only got the said letter from our office's mailing dept yesterday. good thing i called the dpp office to confirm about a month ago, and then a couple of days later, went over to renew my subscription. "imagination is more important than knowledge" - albert einstein a canon eos 40d user how much is this? thanks all you need is a little imaginaaaation - spongebob
__label__non_math	1.0000	the reality star - who is known for her wild antics on jersey shore - revealed in a new interview that she has always felt a sexual attraction towards women. "i would consider myself bi. i've done stuff with girls before," she told the huffington post. snooki went on to say that although she does find both sexes appealing, she could never see herself settling into a relationship with a woman. "i would never be with a girl long-term because i like... penis," she declared, adding: "but i've experimented." snooki recently denied reports that she is pregnant with boyfriend jionni lavalle's baby and added that she hopes to marry before becoming a mother. jersey shore airs thursdays at 9c on mtv. jersey shore star snooki: 'i want donald trump to be president' jersey shore star snooki: 'i've cut down on my drinking'
__label__non_math	0.9995	the carly wicks actress, who returns on thursday september to help off-the-rails mother shirley linda henry , revealed that she accidentally lost control of a truck and ran over electrical wires. speaking to the sun, she explained: "when i read the script and it said carly would drive around albert square in a big truck, i thought, 'how am i going to do that?' "the square is tiny so it's not easy to manoeuvre a great big truck around it, especially when you are as small as i am. "i put on carly's -inch heels and got in the truck but as i started the engine and tried to drive in the heels i couldn't control it and ran over a load of electrical wires and almost blew the square up. "everyone was waving at me like crazy to stop the truck because i'd cut off all the cameras and lighting equipment." the -year-old admitted that producers ultimately hired a stunt double to record the scene, fearful that her driving would lead to further damage to the show's set. she added: "it's just a good job i didn't crash into the queen vic. we had to shoot the scene again but they were so nervous about letting me back in the driving seat, they had to get a double to do it instead. "nobody is supposed to know - but when you see the high heels first step out of the truck onto albert square, it isn't actually me. i think everyone on set was quite relieved for their own safety after i got out." kellie shirley, who is only making a brief comeback, recently told digital spy that she is keen to sign a long-term contract with the soap. read our full interview with eastenders star kellie shirley here
__label__non_math	1.0000	people were killed and were injured when a gunman opened fire at a midnight screening of the dark knight rises in aurora, colorado on july . bale, who starred as bruce wayne batman in the dark knight rises, recently visited some of the victims recovering from their injuries in a local hospital without encouragement from warner bros and media. speaking on the view, lambert said: "as an entertainer myself, i feel like it makes me want to go do something nice. "it wasn't in the press. it was just out of the kindness of his heart. it's really cool he didn't do it for attention." hans zimmer, composer of the dark knight rises , previously wrote and recorded a new composition titled 'aurora' with all proceeds going to the aurora victim relief organisation. watch the music video of miranda lambert's 'over you' below:
__label__non_math	1.0000	the singer told gmtv that his group had got on with john edward when they met on last weekend's results show. humes said: "they can definitely win it, of course. i mean the guys are great. we met everyone on sunday obviously, and they were really cool guys, really nice guys actually, and i wish them the best of luck." of their own return to the stage where they made their name a year ago, humes added: "i tell you what, it's still scary up to this day to stand on that stage and face simon cowell, it really is. "but we enjoyed it because we went back as artists, which was really nice, and thankfully we had all the support of all the judges, so it was great." earlier this month, mentor louis walsh said that he was "quietly confident" that john edward could emulate the success of his former charges jls.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the singer recorded a rendition of 'high for this' and has offered the song as a free download. goulding teamed up with chiddy bang producer xaphoon jones to create the cover, who uploaded the cut onto soundcloud. goulding is currently working on the follow-up to her debut album lights, which reached number one on the uk chart back in march . the collection has since gone on to reach double platinum status in the uk after selling over 650,000 copies. goulding recently confessed that she is hoping to release her second record in october and insisted that her current boyfriend skrillex has not influenced her new material. listen to ellie goulding cover of the weeknd's 'high for this' below:
__label__non_math	0.9796	cfr-med 2500va medical grade ups 120v tb hardwire - 120v duplex -15r 017-073- alpha cfr-med 2500va medical grade ups 120v tb hardwire - 120v duplex -15r manufacturer part number: 017-073- availability: out of stock - special order drop shipped or will be shipped once in stock. alphamed cfr medical grade ups 120v tb hardwire - 120v -duplex receptacles cfr-med 2500va 1667w medical grade ups ul and csa .listed meets demanding medical and dental safety standards clean, safe reliable power is critical to the health care industry. the alphamed is the answer. designed to meet and exceed the safety standards set by ul and csa, the alphamed ensures clean, reliable power when operating with unstable utility power sources, and provides the lowest leakage current in the industry. sophisticated medical equipment such as ultrasound systems, film processors, laboratory systems, and other health care devices need optimal power protection, as well as a low audible noise level. the alphamed external battery packs greatly extend the backup time. in addition, the alphamed satisfies the most stringent output regulations by providing the protected equipment with pure sine wave power within one percent of the nominal voltage requirement under typical loads. cfr advantage pdf cfr med data sheet pdf
__label__non_math	1.0000	we haven't had a chance to fully test this product yet, but we've assembled this helpful overview of relevant information on it. the lg d2342p models a 3d-ready -inch widescreen super led-backlit tn display with a ,000,000:contrast ratio. the d2342p displays images and video with 1080p full hd native resolution. additional features include 250 cd display brightness, a 5ms response time, as well as d-sub, dvi-d, and hdmi signal inputs. - -inch super led-backlit tn display - 3d enabled - full 1080p hd native resolution - ,000,000:contrast ratio - 250 cd display brightness - 5ms response time - hdmi signal input for more monitor buying tips, check out our computer monitor buying guide.
__label__non_math	0.9865	the acura nsx concept has stirred up many an emotion within us. first we were excited. then we were really excited. after a while we became frustrated, followed quickly by bouts of uncontrollable tantrums we re talking kid in a toy store here, folks. you see, acura has been teasing the car for some time now, and despite its recent appearance in super bowl ads, movies, the detroit auto show, and literally everywhere but our driveway, we re still a few years away from production. we suppose that s ok though, as acura recently lifted the nsx s darkly-tinted veil, giving us a glimpse into the vehicles stylish innards and hybrid powertrain. we re already enamored with the nsx s design: it s a sleek, sexy, confident piece of sheetmetal, delivering everything we could possibly desire from acura s hybrid supercar. from the look of it, the nsx s interior will borrow heavily from the exterior s geometric design, with sharp lines dashing throughout the cockpit. the video below shows a cabin filled with dark maroon leather-wrapped steering wheel and seats. a large lcd screen can be seen atop a wide, scaling center console, accompanied by raised buttons corresponding to car s drive, park, and reverse gears. carbon fiber detailing, stitched suede headliners, and brushed steel brightwork round out the nsx s stylish interior. according to acura s press release, the configuration seen in the video is merely one possible direction the interior could go to highlight acura s human support cockpit theme. we take that to mean this won t be the final design, which makes sense given how clean and futuristic it looks. still, acura says the nsx concept will feature what it calls a simple sports interface, designed to minimize clutter and allow the driver to focus on the driving experience. and from what we ve seen here, we d be happy if even a fraction of the layout made it to production. last year, acura announced its nsx concept would be powered by a mid-mounted, direct-injected v-engine mated to acura s sport hybrid sh-awd super handling all-wheel drive system. we ve already covered in detail acura s sh-awd system in the tl, but what makes the nsx unique is that it will utilize an all-new three-motor hybrid system. acura s sport hybrid sh-awd combines the drivetrain s dynamic torque vectoring all-wheel drive with three electric motors: one integrated into the v6 engine and two motors driving the front wheels. acura says the system delivers instant torque during cornering that should set it apart from current awd systems. sadly, no word yet on when exactly the next-gen nsx will enter production, but we do know the hybrid supercar will be manufactured at a new production facility in central ohio. for now, check out the brief video below and be sure to rifle through the nsx concept photo gallery above.
__label__non_math	0.9996	file-sharers, beware: by july , major us internet service providers isps will voluntarily begin serving as the gradual response program works like this: isps will automatically monitor the web activity of their customers. if a subscriber is found to be downloading copyrighted content illegally, their isp will send them an educational notice saying such activity has been detected from ip addresses linked to their account. if that customer continues to download content illegally, the isp will send confirmation notices to make sure they received the original notices. if each isp has to develop their infrastructure for automating the system, said sherman, at a cnet event in new york this week. this is required for establishing the database so they can keep track of repeat infringers, so they know that this is the first notice or the third notice. every isp has to do it differently depending on the architecture of its particular network. some are nearing completion and others are a little further from completion. while the riaa, mpaa, and even the white house support this measure, many questions still remain. for instance, what about customers that get internet access from smaller providers? will those companies be pressured into jumping on the hollywood bandwagon? moreover, given the staunch public opposition to governmental efforts to impose restrictions on the internet, how will people react if they lose their connection altogether? our prediction: dark days are ahead. image via leah-anne thompson shutterstock
__label__math	0.9047	what you will learn in this maya tutorial we'll learn how to begin maya's powerful ocean features. using maya oceans, we'll be able to achieve quality results within a matter of minutes. we'll begin this project by learning the basics of creating a maya ocean and what it is actually made of. we'll then learn about attributes we need to set early in the project. then we'll learn how to control the noisiness of waves and their length. after that, we'll create line graphs to change each wave's height, turbulence and peak. we'll finish the tutorial by adding foam and editing the color information of the shader.
__label__non_math	0.8512	fist of justice , digital webbing press mike imboden w ; andre coelho pow rodrix a ; edemilson alexandre, mick clausen, matt webb, ryan scott c , ed dukeshire l significance: digital webbing was wise to choose fist of justice as its free comic book day contribution, considering the inevitable success of x-men origins: wolverine and the mainstream attention superheroes will receive as a result. further, digital webbing is actually one part publishing house, one part on-line creative network, so newbies to comics could benefit from the knowledge that such a traditionally print-oriented medium has become a prevalent, multifaceted presence on the internet, too. personally, while i ve read some digital webbing titles in the past, i d never explored their website before today, and i m impressed at the depth of their talent and resources.
__label__non_math	0.9999	celebrate a life lived what a weight to have lifted off our shoulders to finally start taking care of our arrangements. this is all to keep our son, and each other, from having to make hard decisions when either of us passes away. - bill, , carol, , r., the woodlands, tx regardless of whether you or your loved one have opted for burial or for cremation, the funeral or memorial service fills an important role. it can: so what is a funeral? in general terms, a funeral is a gathering of family and friends after the death of a loved one that allows them the opportunity to mourn, support each other and pay tribute to the life of the deceased. it often consists of one or more of the following components: a formal or informal ceremony or ritual prior to burial, a funeral service often provides a sense of closure to family and friends. although your faith or culture may dictate some elements of a funeral service, you may want to personalize other elements of the service. at a funeral service, a casket or urn is present, though you may choose to have the casket open or closed. visitation, wake or viewing held the night before or immediately prior to the funeral service, the visitation also called a wake or a viewing provides a way for friends and acquaintances to pay respects and offer condolences to your family. as with the funeral service, you may want to decide if you want an open or closed casket should one be present. memorial or tribute service at a memorial or tribute service, a casket or urn is usually not present. otherwise similar to a funeral or visitation, a memorial service gives family and friends a time to come together in your memory and celebrate your life. as its name implies, a graveside service may be held at the grave site just prior to burial of a casket or urn, and usually consists of final remarks, prayers or memories. the service may occur after or in place of a funeral service. there s no one, right way to plan a funeral service. dignity memorial providers believe that each funeral should be as unique and memorable as the life it honors. consider these examples of unique services: when planning your own funeral service in advance, think about the way you want to be remembered. perhaps these examples will spark an idea of how you can personalize your own funeral service. perhaps you d like a traditional funeral aligned with certain religious or ethnic customs. or, a celebration focusing on great memories made with family and friends may be your preference. maybe it s a combination of both. you can have one service, or several, to honor your life. regardless of the service or services you choose to include in your funeral plan, you can personalize them in almost any way imaginable. for example, just consider the following questions: where should the funeral be held? at your place of worship? at the funeral home? who should officiate the service? will your service adhere to the traditions of your faith or culture? do you want a eulogy, and who should deliver it? would you like an open or closed casket? what music should be played? what readings would you like to have read? is there a special poem you d like shared with the guests? are there any special photographs or other memorabilia you would like displayed? should the d cor reflect a particular hobby or interest of yours, such as fishing, gardening or music? should there be refreshments served or a more elaborate party held after the service? ready to make your funeral plans today? use our free online planning tool to start planning now. you can make your selections online and record the ways you d like to personalize your service. plus, you can even save your plan while it s in progress, come back to finish it or add more details later, and share it with family and friends when you re done. or, record all your choices for personalized funeral and cemetery services in our convenient personal planning guide. to request your free copy, contact a dignity memorial provider near you, click here to request one online, or call 800--dignity. the dignity memorial network: north america s leading funeral homes and cemeteries, united to bring you the services you need when it matters most.
__label__non_math	1.0000	plan. to make it right. no one wants to think about their death any sooner than they must, but planning your funeral and cemetery services in advance, called preplanning or prearranging, is a responsible, caring act that can reduce stress for your grieving loved ones. it s easy to understand how making decisions now about your final arrangements can help assure those left behind that your wishes are being honored. i m glad i prearranged my funeral and cemetery services because after losing my wife a couple of months ago, i don t want my family to have any worries or go through what i had to go through both emotionally and financially. - jerome m., take responsibility for your arrangements. just as estate planning and creating a will are responsible actions, planning your final arrangements in advance makes emotional and financial sense and protects your loved ones from the burden of planning services for you. eliminate guesswork for your family. when you prearrange your funeral and cemetery services, you ll help alleviate your family s burden of making difficult decisions at what will be an already difficult time. with your wishes recorded, they won t be left to guess what you would have wanted. personalize your service. making your final arrangements in advance allows you to influence all elements of your services, including songs, readings or other personal details that are important to you. it s your funeral it should celebrate your life, your way. avoid emotional overspending. by communicating exactly which merchandise and services you want, you can keep your family from purchasing unnecessary additions to your services. find the value and quality you want. investigating different funeral homes and cemeteries is an important part of making final arrangements. comparison shopping allows you to find the value and quality of service that s right for you. lock in today's prices. if you choose to fund your prearranged funeral plans, you can lock in today s prices for products and services that likely will be more expensive in the future. it is important to work with a funeral professional to understand your options. whether you simply want to ensure that your wishes are carried out, or you want to protect your family from making difficult decisions at a time of loss, planning your final arrangements in advance is an important responsibility, and one of the greatest gifts you can give your loved ones. so don t wait. start planning now. contact a dignity memorial provider near you, request a personal planning guide or use our free online tool to make your selections now and share them with your loved ones.
__label__non_math	0.9987	alright bug, time to head inside for your nap i just need three minutes to get all these flowers. and so i helped her collect dandelions for three minutes , this arbitrary time unit she has chosen to mean as long as it takes the shady patches yield the best weeds: leggy gold tufts towering over grass, shin-high to a three and a half year-old. one well-placed grab and snap through the hollow stem. she remembered the last time she collected her beautiful bouquet. the tangle of bright flora turned into a heap of gray chicken food. she said, remember yesterday all my flowers got little and tired? yesterday is another time measurement that means sometime before right now so we filled a bucket with water and the dandelions swam while she slept. yesterday we collected wishes for three minutes too. all photos taken with a canon digital slr from vanns.com
__label__non_math	1.0000	start from scratch by authoring a strip's first frame or continue somebody else's group mash by: -clicking on the group mash tabs to view completed first frames or completed second frames. -clicking on the "add the next frame" from the strip you want to continue -that strip will appear in the group mash application, follow the punch line instructions above to add your text. once you are done, just click "i'm done" and your masterpiece can be sent to all your friends. it will also be posted on dilbert.com for everyone to vote on
__label__non_math	0.9999	what you are viewing are props potting. the can put white chrysanthemum props potting in your sitting room, chest, diningroom, and most surfaces. the brief design taking pictures props potting is made of high quality fabric. the cute love styleprops potting are certain to draw rave reviews from your guests get dinopoint by writing reviews, post images, or post videos. the first five customers can get double points
__label__non_math	0.9976	discover here how to replace your lost passport so you do not miss your upcoming exciting trip. lost or stolen passport requirements and application can be downloaded here. share and read the faq frequently asked questions from past visitors. it's important to know that replacing a lost passport only applies if it has not expired yet and it is not a child passport. the following guide will give you simple steps to understanding and completing the necessary requirements. if you have any concerns after reading the guide below, simple ask your question in the faq section to receive assistance. us lost passport application form when you are reporting a lost or stolen passport, unfortunately it is required to fill out two different applications. the application link here will take you to the online application at the us department of state travel site. once you select "how to replace lost passport", it will give you the instructions to fill out the ds-application for a new passport. it will also give you the link to the ds-which you use to report your lost passport. fortunately, the ds-is relatively easy to fill out. while you are filling out the online ds-, it will ask if you need expedite processing or regular. if you need your passport fast then contact one of the passport expedite services below and they will be able to help you quickly. important note: the last step of the online application can be a bit confusing. for some reason, they have different options to choose from which can not only sidetrack you but you might accidentally lose all your work. scroll down the page and on the bottom left corner you will see the "create form" button. click there to save your work and create your form. lost or stolen passport requirements follow the requirements below to prepare everything needed to go along with the above applications. since you will need to go to the post office so the acceptance agent can look over your applications, you can have your passport-style photograph taken while you are there. you will need to submit a copy of your valid driver's license along with the rest of the documents. if you were born in the us, you will need to include your certified or original birth certificate. don't worry, the passport agency sends it back when you get the passport. if you were not born in the us, you will need to submit an original document that shows proof of citizenship. the regular processing fee is execution fee also needs to be paid to the post office. if you are in a hurry to get your passport, you have the option of paying 110. using the expedite process will take -weeks usually. if you need it faster then that, inquire with the passport expedite services listed below so they can help you out. after you have double checked to make sure you have all the required documents together, you will need to go to your local post office. make sure not to sign your applications until the acceptance agent first looks over all of the documents. travel passport expedite services there are numerous passport expedite services available. take some time to read reviews to make sure you are hiring a reputable company to handle your travel documents. i recommend fastport passport service. since fastport has provided online passport expedite service. they are a registered courier service with the u.s. department of state, foreign consulates and embassies which enables them to secure passports and visas for u.s. citizens nationwide as needed. if my lost passport has expired, do i need to report it still? you do not need to worry if your lost passport has already expired. make a note of it on the new passport application. even if you don't know the old number then it should not be a problem. i can't find my passport and my trip is coming up soon...what should i do? the passport agency has an expedite option which usually takes -weeks. if you need it faster then contact one of the passport expedite services above. they can sometimes get you a passport with just hour processing. international travel reviews i highly recommend tripadvisor to seek out travel reviews after reading the reviews of past travelers here. after learning how to replace your lost passport and getting ready to plan your exciting vacation, you will need to do some flight comparisons. do try to keep in mind not just price comparisons but also taking a look at the overall flight time. some international flights have long wait times with transfers which can be quite the strain on your patience.
__label__non_math	0.9999	flowers etc in newington are experienced florists. we offer same-day flower delivery on all arrangements. we are committed to providing superb customer service top quality flowers for individuals and businesses in newington, ct area. chosen and arranged special collection delivered by hand beauty and love a vibrant mix in a suitable container on the day delivered by hand in a clear vase the freshest blooms party in flowers rose delight a country arrangement in a wicker container. this natural arrangement has a distinct and pleasing mix of country flowers for a center piece or on a side table. three single red roses and foliage in small glass vase. we re open... ,
__label__non_math	0.9928	malls, grocery stores and other indoor venues are being mapped to help shoppers find not only store locations but products and promotions. point inside is helping mall developers, retailers and their customers with indoor positioning solutions. brian wilson, vice president of marketing, gives us the details on positioning accuracy, how each venue is mapped and how they can find products at the shelf-level. the company recently launched a service with meijer stores in the midwest and has already mapped many malls. malls, grocery stores and other indoor venues are being mapped and indoor positioning systems will help shoppers find not only store locations but products and promotions. point inside is helping mall developers, retailers and their customers with indoor positioning solutions. brian wilson, vice president of marketing, gives us the details on positioning accuracy, how each venue is mapped and how they can find products at the "shelf-level." the company recently launched a service with meijer stores in the midwest and has already mapped many malls. this interview with brian wilson, point inside's vice president of marketing, gives more details. directions magazine dm : let's start with the basics. what methods are you employing to support indoor positioning for shoppers at grocery stores or malls? what level of positioning accuracy are you able to provide once a search is initiated? brian wilson bw : when we're privy to the locations of wi-fi access points in a venue we'll map those and provide the locations to skyhook, google and apple for inclusion in their databases. once propagated through their systems, users' locations reported by the handset should reflect the greater accuracy provided by the additional nodes. we expect accuracy to generally be in the -meter range. and when we say generally, we're really looking at i.e. -sigma of the time. dm: you've mapped quite a few malls and store locations. can you provide some background information on how you created these maps? bw: our internal team creates each map. we've created a proprietary software tool that allows us, after gathering point of interest poi and other data about the space, to rapidly produce a geospatially accurate map of the defined geography. also note the mapping tool does not limit us to indoor venues; we could just as easily map a theme park or college campus, et cetera. the proprietary processes we've established and tool we use are trade secrets, with patents pending, so i'm not able to say more than that. suffice to say that with a very small team we are creating maps at a very rapid pace. dm: were mall developers willing to provide their engineering or cad drawings in order for you to have very accurate drawings of the buildings? do you intend to create 3d models and bims from any drawings you obtain? bw: we're working with some mall developers who are providing their maps in some cases cad drawings, in others, just plain block diagram maps or lease maps . however, our system does not necessarily require that we have precise, detailed floor plan maps as a starting point for creating our maps. in some cases we start with nothing. as for 3d models or 3d bims, we're adding ogc compliant modeling to our tool set and expect to publish our first gml formatted venue shortly. dm: generally, grocery stores follow very similar layouts from store to store. have you been able to simply replicate a store floor map throughout a given retailer's chain? what modifications, if any, do you have to make between stores? bw: although there are often many similarities in the basic floor plans for a given retailer, so far we've found there are generally enough subtleties between locations to warrant individual mapping efforts. department layouts are often driven by a store-specific planogram system, and because it's important that we create an accurate representation of the space, we make the extra effort to make each map unique. dm: inside the store, planograms have become a science unto themselves. how do you incorporate planograms into your app or are you simply mapping the 2d location of any particular sku? bw: planogram systems do have an accounting of the shelf or peg location where a product may reside, but user testing shows that mapping to that fidelity doesn't add enough value to warrant the additional poi overhead. an average large format retailer contains three to five thousand pois. adding the shelf or peg resolution increased that number to hundreds of thousands. we're currently working on an elegant solution to describe the z axis in more detail and will add it to our offering if user testing proves there's a benefit. dm: are you able to map every sku for each store? bw: since we're taking the data directly from the retailer's system, we're dependent to a great extent upon the quality of the data we receive though we also have a process for "cleaning" and normalizing them . the short answer is: we're able to map every sku that's made available to us. note that our system can also deal with different granularities of information. for example, if a precise shelf location is not provided, but the item is categorized appropriately, we can still place it in the correct department on the map. this typically happens in clothing and shoe departments where several racks have rollers and are frequently moved to accommodate seasonal inventory fluctuations. dm: will you be, or are you now, using the phone's camera to support bar chart recognition in order to retrieve pricing information or number of units in stock? bw: this capability was not included in the .meijer find-it launch, but it's a feature we've added to the roadmap, and we expect a partner to request it in the future. we'll be working with our partners to prioritize features on the product roadmap. dm: how do you intend to integrate location-based advertising from mall or store merchants, and will they offer electronic couponing as part of their point inside app? bw: we currently have a web-based "portal" for our retail and mall partners that allows them to create, schedule and publish mobile promotions and event information to the point inside application for malls and airports. this same infrastructure is being leveraged to publish weekly sale specials in the meijer find-it app. so, we're already offering this capability, though it's still early, and we haven't focused significant sales efforts in that area to-date. dm: can you tell us more about your business model? do merchants pay you to map the store? will you be involved in placing electronic ads, and is that a service you will offer? bw: our business model can be summarized below. note that depending on the specific situation there might be any combination of up-front fees, per-use fees, revenue sharing, et cetera involved in the relationship. i'm not able to go into specific details regarding any particular arrangement at this time. - content licensing - we make our map and poi i.e. "destination" content available via an api to third-party developers for incorporation into their apps. for example, you could imagine how an airline might want to enhance its app by making detailed airport maps available to its customers. - platform licensing - the meijer app is an example of this. we create the specific venue maps, house the data and operate the system powering the app. in the meijer case this includes product search and the serving of ads and promotions. - map creation maintenance - we're working with some destination owners to create and maintain their digital maps. - advertising - as previously mentioned, we do offer retailers and malls the opportunity to publish promotions and event information whether that be in-store events for retailers, or events managed by the mall to drive mall traffic to the point inside application. dm: feel free to explain any additional aspects of the app that we have not covered. bw: rather than focus on a specific app, whether it be meijer's find-it or our own point inside for airports and malls, i think it's important to understand we're not "an app company." our key strength is our ability to catalog and index data for geographically defined areas, marry those data to precise location information, and make them available to digital devices. what we're really selling is the capabilities of our mobile destination content platform. our management team has very deep experience in lbs and positioning technologies; we've been a part of the industry from the beginning. we believe that by building this capability to associate the "what" to "where" in the untapped "gray space" of outdoor maps we'll be able to enable a variety of mobile services valuable to businesses and consumers alike. we're still very early in the evolution of these types of services, and we'll continue to evolve our platform's capabilities and work with other ecosystem players to facilitate even better consumer experiences. in other words, the meijer find-it app is just the beginning.
__label__non_math	1.0000	telogis meets the demand for increased driver safety and fuel efficiency telogis introduces telogis for oil gas, a comprehensive cloud-based enterprise software suite targeting oil and gas companies. telogis has assembled features that have been tested and proven to improve driver safety and fuel efficiency, while addressing specific reporting requirements for powered and non-powered assets. telogis for oil gas is an extension of telogis software platform for companies that require mobile applications, real-time work order management, dynamic routing, navigation and telematics for their mobile workforces. telogis for oil gas monitors a vehicle s systems and sends instant in-cab alerts for unbuckled seat belts and aggressive driving, including hard-braking, fast acceleration and speeding. all alerts are assembled into driver safety scorecards and enterprise dashboards, so that progress is easy to measure. alerts can also be sent to managers via email or sms for behaviors requiring immediate coaching. in addition to driver behavior and location-based information, telogis for oil gas delivers mobile workforce applications, monitors vehicle idle time, automated off-road mileage, utilization, power take-off pto use, total miles driven and fuel usage. the new industry-focused solution provides oil and gas companies with the ability to develop and import their existing map layers and track high-value mobile assets to help prevent loss while maximizing utilization. these features allow greater visibility into the day-to-day operations of a company s mobile workforce, with the ultimate goal of reducing costs and improving efficiencies. with the level of expertise earned thorough years of work with the oil and gas industry, we felt that it was important for telogis to focus our efforts on addressing the very specific needs of these companies, said jason koch, president, telogis fleet. drivers put their lives on the line every day. now telogis is giving oil and gas companies mission-critical tools to improve safety and set their own standards for driver excellence. telogis, inc., the platform for location intelligence, is dedicated to enhancing the value of customer businesses through intelligent integration of location technology, information and services. telogis was established in and is headquartered in aliso viejo, california, with offices in europe and latin america and development centers in austin, texas; toronto; and christchurch, new zealand. telogis products and services are distributed and used in over 100 countries. to learn more, visit or call 866-telogis 866-835- .
__label__non_math	0.9839	beginning in october , some beekeepers began reporting losses of -percent of their hives. while colony losses are not unexpected during winter weather, the magnitude of loss suffered by some beekeepers was highly unusual. this phenomenon, which currently does not have a recognizable underlying cause, has been termed "colony collapse disorder" ccd . the main symptom of ccd is simply no or a low number of adult honey bees present but with a live queen and no dead honey bees in the hive. often there is still honey in the hive, and immature bees brood are present. ars scientists and others are in the process of carrying out research to discover the cause s of ccd and develop ways for beekeepers to respond to the problem. why should the public care about honey bees? bee pollination is responsible for billion in added crop value, particularly for specialty crops such as almonds and other nuts, berries, fruits, and vegetables. about one mouthful in three in the diet directly or indirectly benefits from honey bee pollination. while there are native pollinators honey bees came from the old world with european colonists , honey bees are more prolific and the easiest to manage for the large scale pollination that u.s. agriculture requires. in california, the almond crop alone uses .million colonies of bees, approximately one half of all honey bees in the united states, and this need is projected to grow to .million colonies by . the number of managed honey bee colonies has dropped from million in the1940s to only .million today. at the same time, the call for hives to supply pollination service has continued to climb. this means honey bee colonies are trucked farther and more often than ever before. honey bee colony health has also been declining since the 1980s with the advent of new pathogens and pests. the spread into the united states of varroa and tracheal mites, in particular, created major new stresses on honey bees. is there currently a crisis in food production because of ccd? while ccd has created a very serious problem for beekeepers and could threaten the pollination industry if it becomes more widespread, fortunately there were enough bees to supply all the needed pollination this past spring. but we cannot wait to see if ccd becomes an agricultural crisis to do the needed research into the cause and treatment for ccd. the cost of hives for pollination has risen this year. but much of that is due to growing demand. some of the price increase may also be due to higher cost of gas and diesel and other increases related to energy and labor costs. commercial beekeepers truck hives long distances to provide pollination services, so in particular they must deal with rising expenses. varroa mites one is visible on the back of this bee are a major threat to honey bee health and are becoming resistant to two compounds coumaphos and fluvalinate used to control them. beekeepers now have a simple assay to determine whether mites are resistant and thus ensure use of appropriate control measures. click the image for more information about it. are there any theories about what may be causing ccd? case studies and questionnaires related to management practices and environmental factors have identified a few common factors shared by those beekeepers experiencing ccd, but no common environmental agents or chemicals stand out as causative. there are three major possibilities that are being looked into by researchers. pesticides may be having unexpected negative effects on honey bees. a new parasite or pathogen may be attacking honey bees. one possible candidate being looked at is a pathogenic gut microbe called nosema. viruses are also suspected. a perfect storm of existing stresses may have unexpectedly weakened colonies leading to collapse. stress, in general, compromises the immune system of bees and other social insects and may disrupt their social system, making colonies more susceptible to disease. these stresses could include high levels of infection by the varroa mite a parasite that feeds on bee blood and transmits bee viruses ; poor nutrition due to apiary overcrowding, pollination of crops with low nutritional value, or pollen or nectar scarcity; and exposure to limited or contaminated water supplies. migratory stress brought about by increased needs for pollination might also be a contributing factor. has ccd ever happened before? the scientific literature has several mentions of honey bee disappearances in the 1880s, the 1920s and the 1960s. while the descriptions sound similar to ccd, there is no way to know for sure if the problems were caused by the same agents as today's ccd. there have also been unusual colony losses before. in , in the cache valley in utah, colonies were lost to an unknown "disappearing disease" after a "hard winter and a cold spring." more recently, in , pennsylvania beekeepers lost percent of their colonies without a specific identifiable cause. what about cell phones do they have anything to do with ccd? the short answer is no. there was a very small study done in germany that looked at whether a particular type of base station for cordless phones could affect honey bee homing systems. but, despite all the attention that this study has received, it has nothing to do with ccd. stefan kimmel, the researcher who conducted the study and wrote the paper, recently e-mailed the associated press to say that there is "no link between our tiny little study and the ccd-phenomenon ... anything else said or written is a lie." newly emerged honey bee, apis mellifera, the subject of genome sequencing work aimed at improving bee traits and management. click the image for more information about it. what is ars doing about ccd? in april , ars held a colony collapse disorder research workshop that brought together over of the major bee scientists, industry representatives, extension agents, and others to discuss a research agenda. they identified areas where more information is needed and the highest-priority needs for additional research projects related to ccd. a ccd steering committee, led by ars and usda's cooperative state research, education, and extension service, developed a research action plan to coordinate a comprehensive response for discovering what factors may be causing ccd and what actions need to be taken. one of the tools that will help in this research is the recently sequenced honey bee genome to better understand bees' basic biology and breed better bees, and to better diagnose bee pests and pathogens and their impacts on bee health and colony collapse. the use of this genome information certainly will have great applications in improving honey bee breeding and management. the search for factors that are involved in ccd is focusing on four areas: pathogens, parasites, environmental stresses, and bee management stresses such as poor nutrition. it is unlikely that a single factor is the cause of ccd; it is more likely that there is a complex of different components. in september , a research team that included ars published the results of an intensive genetic screening of ccd-affected honey bee colonies and non-ccd-affected hives. the only pathogen found in almost all samples from honey bee colonies with ccd, but not in non-ccd colonies, was the israeli acute paralysis virus iapv , a dicistrovirus that can be transmitted by the varroa mite. it was found in .percent of the ccd-bee samples. this research does not identify iapv as the cause of ccd. what this research found was strictly a strong correlation of the appearance of iapv and ccd together. no cause-and-effect connection can be inferred from the genetic screening data. more information about this study honey bees devour a new, nutrient-rich food developed by ars researchers. click the image for more information about it. this was the first report of iapv in the united states. iapv was initially identified in honey bee colonies in israel in , where the honey bees exhibited unusual behavior, such as twitching wings outside the hive and a loss of worker bee populations. the study also found iapv in honey bees from australia that had been imported into the united states, as well as in royal jelly imported from china. australian bees began to be imported from australia into the united states in . questions were raised about a connection between those imported bees and the appearance of iapv in the united states. beekeepers sought out australian imports of bees as a way to replenish their hive populations. to determine whether iapv has been present in the united states since before the importation of honey bees from australia, a follow up detailed genetic screening of several hundred honey bees that had been collected between and from colonies in maryland, pennsylvania, california and israel was conducted by ars researchers. the results of the follow study showed iapv has been in this country since at least , which challenges the idea that iapv is a recent introduction from australia. more information about this study this study in no way rules iapv out as a factor in ccd. research by several groups will now focus on understanding differences in virulence across strains of iapv and on interactions with other stress factors. even if iapv proves to be a cause of ccd, there still may also be other contributing factors-which researchers are pursuing. what should beekeepers do now about ccd? since little is known about the cause s of ccd right now, mitigation must be based on improving general honey bee health and habitat and countering known mortality factors by using best management practices. what can i as a member of the public do to help honey bees? the best action you can take to benefit honey bees is to not use pesticides indiscriminately, especially not to use pesticides at mid-day when honey bees are most likely to be out foraging for nectar. in addition, you can plant and encourage the planting of good nectar sources such as red clover, foxglove, bee balm, and joe-pye weed. for more information, see ars honey bee research
__label__non_math	1.0000	dirty lynx - dirty lynx on air welcome to the new website of the dirty lynx fashion brand. dl is a subbrand of hanzo blades specializing in avatar appearance and accessories. there are always a couple of designers working for us, making our team a highly flexible and creative bunch : i've uploaded some screenshots from the mainstore in onryo gardens to show our location and wide product line. we actually add new stuff all the time so it's quite a good idea to check the site out regulary or to subscribe to new posts.we started this brand only a while ago and we indeed have big plans with it. be sure to be a part of the experience loki dancer dl creative director mainstore bytegang prime location for inworld shopping. offers our complete product line. ministore in baycity falconmoon this small store offers a selection of our best sellers and hosts occasional parties. new talents. whether you're a 3d designer, graphic artist, code wizard or just want to help, let us know you exist
__label__non_math	0.9999	disability news views radio call 727 858- or send e-mail to senator hillary rodham clinton hosts health care panel discussion at the university at buffalo monica moshenko, senator clinton and alex moshenko click here for details monica moshenko meets please support our sponsors and tell them you heard about them on disability news views radio show information on advertising opportunities call: 727 858- makes a difference will you? may - michael ellenbogen, father. writer and advocate, alzheimer's disease as one of .million people living with this debilitating disease, michael ellenbogen lives every day to make a difference. he is an advocate for the education and eradication of this disease. a new person is diagnosed with alzheimer s every seconds. by , that number will be every seconds. as of today, there is no cure or any way to slow its progression. even worse, this disease will bankrupt our health system if we do not act now. why the disparity and misunderstanding, when it comes to alzheimer's disease? listen to find out more steve boisen, father, musician, and autism advocate steve boisen is a father and talented musician that is making a difference for autism through music learn more about the barnkicker's jenny mccarthy, actress, comedian, model, mother and author, louder than words: a mother s journey in healing autism her son evan, diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder in , is the focus of her fourth book: louder than words a mother s journey in healing autism september . find out more details about jenny s journey in the interview. louder than words is available by all booksellers including dee alpert, esq., special education advocate for children and adults with disabilities dee was a close friend, mentor and advocate to me and many children and adults in ny with special needs as well as across the country. she taught me so much as i fought for my own son's special education needs in williamsville, new york that began in . my first live broadcast at wxrl radio station in lancaster, ny on was with dee alpert. she was my first choice for a guest. her passion to make a difference for those needing special education services was her mission. she was the publisher of the special education muckraker, an informative newsletter exposing problems in the special education system that few dare look into. sadly, dee alpert suddenly passed away in april at the young age of . i am sharing this interview with you in hopes that you will hear her words and know that she made a difference in my son's life and in thousands of others too carolyn reinach wolf, esq. mental health expert who is to blame for the recent shootings arizona? the issue isn't just about blame, it is about awareness. jared loughner, the shooter in this most recent tragedy had a history of mental health problems. did anyone step in to help before? why not? parents must be aware of the danger posed by their mentally ill children - especially adult children. they must intervene by seeking professional counsel to intercept the cycle of mental illness which can end lives. carolyn reinach wolf is a mental health attorney, with special training and expertise in this area. she leads a unique mental health law practice at the new york-based law firm abrams fensterman, which is the only practice of its kind in the country. she works closely with families, utilizing the mental health legal system and the mental health care system to engage individuals at risk, move them into the treatment, and hopefully head off a deadly tragedy. listen to this important timely interview online now dr. jennifer wells, founder and president, tech-aid institute hiv aids is a health topic not even discussed with individuals with intellectual disabilities. unfortunately the lack of sexual education further perpetuates crimes and abuses against women with intellectual disabilities which must stop. the tech-aid institute, the award-winning software group gaining national recognition for its unprecedented work, has released another interactive cd-rom and dvd for people with intellectual disabilities: live safe tm : preventing hiv aids for women with intellectual disabilities. with aids being the fifth leading cause of death among people aged - in the united states, this interactive computer program helps women with intellectual and learning disabilities, autism, and down syndrome understand the potentially life threatening dangers of hiv aids as it reveals the facts and myths about how hiv is transmitted. to find out more about how to order these and other valuable products available now. listen online disabled american veterans bradley barton a combat disabled vietnam war veteran was elected national commander of the .million-member dav in . in , while serving as a member of the u.s. marine corps, third battalion, 26th regiment at the battle for the khe sanh during vietnam, mr. barton was severely injured when shrapnel from an enemy mortar severed his spinal cord. david gorman was appointed executive director of dav headquarters in . mr. gorman served with the u.s. army, 173rd airborne brigade, the famed sky soldiers of the vietnam war. during a campaign in to secure an area in central vietnam where u.s. forces suffered extremely high casualties, he stepped on a land mine. his wounds required amputation of both legs. both men have continued their lifelong commitment to america and american veterans at the dav. tune in to hear important information about the disabled american veteran's service to veterans with disabilities and their families. building better lives for america's disabled veterans dr. doreen granpeesheh, founder and executive director, card dr. doreen granpeesheh, founder and executive director of center for autism related disorders, inc. card is known throughout the world as an expert in the field of autism research and treatment. she has dedicated over thirty years to helping individuals with autism lead healthy, productive lives. dr. granpeesheh began her studies in autism as an undergraduate student at ucla and worked with dr. ivar lovaas on the world-renowned outcome study published in showing a recovery rate. she earned a ph.d. in psychology from ucla in . dr. granpeesheh has trained thousands of professionals and families on her treatment techniques and has helped tens of thousands of families. listen to my recent interview to find out more exciting news and updates today kathy o'connell, writer and founder, abilities consulting, inc. kathy o'connell is a writer and director of abilities consulting and counseling in syracuse, ny. kathy is author of the forthcoming self-help book, firewalk: embracing different abilities. she was motivated to begin providing counseling services because of the gap she observed in opportunities for personal growth and transformation to people with different abilities. kathy believes that within each of us is the full potential to lead the lives we dream of; ones full happiness, love, health, and peace. kathy teaches the concept of different abilities, meaning that each of us has our own unique strengths and gifts to share with the world, regardless of ability level. kathy's commitment is to assist people with different disabilities and their family members in living full lives through promoting growth,enhancing self-worth and personal empowerment. find out how kathy is making a difference in people's lives every day.. listen now dr. stephen shore, educator, author, advocate, lecturer and musician stephen shore, ed.d, assistant professor of education at adelphi university and author of several books including beyond the wall: personal experiences with autism and asperger syndrome, editor and contributor to ask and tell: self-advocacy and disclosure for people on the autism spectrum, co-author of understanding autism for dummies. stephen was diagnosed as a child with "atypical development with strong autistic tendencies," viewed as "too sick" to be treated on an outpatient basis and recommended for institutionalization. nonverbal until four, and with much help from his parents, teachers, and others,completed his doctoral dissertation at boston university focused on matching best practice to the needs of people on the autism spectrum. listen for new insights in this in debth and down to earth interview with dr. shore today dan biddle, access consultant, direct enquiries which is britain's most accessible city? direct enquiries launches the hunt for accessible locations across the uk. there are million disabled and deaf people in the uk. in of us have a friend or family member who is disabled. disability has a direct impact daily life, it affects where people work, socialise and even see their doctor and dentist. directenquiries.com the nationwide access register launches its search for britain's most accessible city. this initiative is part of its commitment to removing the barriers faced by disabled and deaf people every day. direct enquiries, the nationwide access register is the leading source of accessible goods and service providers.it is the uk's first website to provide people with the opportunity to share their opinions and experiences about shops, pubs, clubs and parks, in fact any type of location and its access facilities. using these features directenquiries.com intends to identify britain's most accessible city. click to listen and download the interview for more information today floridians with disabilities count.. submit census today jennifer pensy, sunshine census representative and suzanne sewell, president, florida association of rehabilitation facilities florida arf . the state of florida is slightly behind the national rate, but we want to change this. the census will help shape the future of our country but your information is needed to ensure individuals with disabilities in florida are counted. jennifer pensy and suzanne sewell are encouraging the disability community, advocacy groups, support organizations that serve individuals with disabilities to join the effort to make sure all floridians with disabilities are counted in the census. completing the questionnaire takes a few minutes and will increase the flow of federal funds for critical supports and vital services. click to listen and download the interview for more information today monica holloway, "cowboy wills: a love story" monica holloway, mother and author, "cowboy wills: a love story". monica is a mom of son wills who was diagnosed with autism at the age of three. she began brining home animals from the time wills was diagnosed as a way to cope with the reality. but things really changed once cowboy, a blonde, brown-eyed golden retriever puppy came into their lives. in this exceptionally touching memoir, critically acclaimed author monica holloway shares the extraordinary, deeply moving story of cowboy,the golden retriever who changed her son wills' life. click to listen or download online dr. nelson mane, h.i.t. autism and dr.mane's h.i.t. autism support group is presenting a free seminar, hope for adhd, autism spectrum disorders and learning disabilities in tampa, florida on saturday, . this seminar will discuss a comprehensive treatment approach that integrates functional neurology and hemispheric integration therapy with biomedical, nutritional and dietary interventions along with therapeutic modalities and applied behavior analysis and advocacy tips. come learn how these treatments may dramatically improve the lives and well being of your children. call 813-935- to register or for more information. dr. mane is board certified in chiropractic neurology and chiropractic orthopedics. he has additional sub-specialty training in childhood neuro-behavioral disorders, vestibular disorders balance and electro-diagnostics. find out about more about hemipheric integration therapy and other interventions listen online ken siri, co-author, cutting edge therapies for autism this book is a great resource for parents, therapists, educators and practitioners that are new to autism spectrum disorders and biomedical therapies. this timely and informative book has almost every therapy you can think of, from anti-epileptic medications to behavioral therapies such as aba and rdi. there is a vast array of "alternative" treatments that are really working for so many kids along with new treatments many may not be aware of. ken siri is the co-author of cutting edge therapies for autism and a father of son with autism. find out about more about this terrific resource and future plans for more. listen online joanna diamond, director, k.i.s.s. center the k.i.s.s. center kids in special services at the mid-island y jewish community center was established in to provide a comprehensive range of programs and services for children through adults with developmental disabilities, including language delay, adhd, and autism spectrum disorders. they also offer programs to help individuals develop independent living skills, socialization, self-advocacy and assist in planning for college. learn more about the array of classes offered focusing on sports, arts crafts, socialization, health, nutrition exercise at the k.i.s.s. center every day and during the summer too. the program is funded by a grant from the j.e. and z.b. butler foundation as well as parent fundraisers and community contributions. for more information listen online dr. jennifer wells, founder and president, tech-aid institute the tech-aid institute is an award-winning company that focuses on promoting and developing the use of computer-based learning tools for people with intellectual disabilities id . they specialize in the development of interactive multi-media software programs designed to challenge and positively affect the life experience of people with intellectual disabilities. as leaders in their field, tech-aid was one of the first companies in the world to start developing interactive cd-roms that focus on preventing respiratory illnesses for this special, but often forgotten population of people. find out about more about the history of tech-aid along with the products available now and future plans. listen online zahavit paz, ld resources foundation, inc. zahavit paz, executive director and co-founder, ld resources foundation is committed to overcoming barriers, and providing access to knowledge, for adults with learning disabilities. it is one of the few non-profit organizations focusing solely on the needs of adults with learning disabilities and in post secondary educational programs and in the workplace. they collaborate with, and inspire colleges, libraries, museums, correctional facilities and employers to provide, and make accessible, assistive technologies to all who need them. ld resources is seen as the premier training and communications leader in educating the post secondary college community and students with learning disabilities in the use of new and innovative technology. listen to find out more about programs, grants, and services available. betsy beaumon, bookshare betsy beaumon, vice president, bookshare is the world's largest online accessible library for individuals with print disabilities, such as blindness, low vision, a physical or reading disability that makes it difficult for them to read standard print. bookshare is free to qualified u.s. schools and students through a million award from the u.s. department of education, office of special education programs osep . the library has tens of thousands of books including best sellers, textbooks, teacher-recommended reading and periodicals along with two software applications that read digital books. listen to the interview to find out more how individuals, parents and educators can sign up. "providing books without barriers" rob sumner, abilities foundation the abilities foundation is a 501 c nonprofit support organization that raises, invests, and distributes funds to the benefit of abilities, inc. of florida, a 501 c nonprofit organization that is an affliate of the servicesource network and serves the employment, housing, and health needs of persons with disabilities. learn more about this fantastic organization and how they are making a difference in the lives of thousands of individuals with disabilities in florida laverdia taylor roach, the president's committee for people with intellectual disabilities laverdia taylor roach, acting executive director, the president's committee for people with intellectual disabilities pcpid . the mission of pcpid is to provide advice and assistance to the president of the united states and the secretary of health and human services on a broad range of topics that impact people with intellectual disabilities and the field of intellectual disabilities. undergirding the committee's mission is the goal to improve the quality of life that is experienced by people with intellectual disabilities, by upholding their full citizenship rights, independence, self-determination, and life-long participation in their respective communities. hear more about the history of the committee, resources, and information about how you can become involved in the work of disability rights movement through the president's committee for people with intellectual disabilities. listen now travis breeding, author, speaker, and musician travis breeding is a very talented young man who has written a book entitled "living without knowing who you are", an autobiography of his young life with asperger's syndrome. the book is expected to be published in fall . he was officially diagnosed with as in october at the age of . travis shares his journey, hopes and dreams about bringing his story to the big screen. travis is passionate about educating children and adults about asperger syndrome to help individuals understand each other better. listen now steven coston, advocate and special olympics winner the nation is mourning and grieving two great icons that represented the rights and justice for people with disabilities, eunice kennedy shriver and senator edward kennedy. but just before they left us, steven and linda coston, special olympic athletes from new jersey went to colorado springs, co for the state games of america. they competed in the bowling competition against ,000 other amateur bowlers across the united states. but they were representing the special olympics movement to prove a point: to project unity and inclusion. the effort lead these two special olympics athletes to the top five finals as the no.seeded and winning the silver medal for second place. steve will be one of the special olympics athlete's to receive a trophy plague from the highest honor of the united states bowling congress for shooting an amazing 290. steve and linda prove the vision in what eunice kennedy shriver said in one of her historical speeches in the special olympics world games in indiana, "the right you have to play in other playing fields, you earn it." they achieved the impossible dream. listen now stephen w. dale, esq. have you set up an estate plan or a special needs trust for your son or daughter with a disability? stephen dale of the dale law firm, pc. answers many questions about why it is so important to have a special needs trust in place today. mr. dale is a nationally respected disability rights advocate and expert in disability law. stephen is the recipient of the naela powley award recognizing him as a leader in his community in promoting a greater understanding of the rights and needs of elders and persons with special needs and of how elder law attorneys advocate for those rights. in please make it a priority to set up a special needs trust for your child michael french, writer, director and producer over years ago, michael french flew with a film crew from vancouver, british columbia to beijing and documented something quite extraordinary. rick hansen, a young man who uses a wheelchair accompanied by several of his closest friends who, half-way through their man in motion world tour, entered beijing with over million chinese heralding his arrival as a hero ronan tynan, irish tenor, motivational speaker buffalo sabres fan new cd my gift of christmas song ronan is an extraordinary man with an indefatigable character whose physical disabilities only served to spur him on to greater things. in spite of this, ronan completed degrees from the national college of physical education and, in medicine, from trinity college. ronan won multiple gold medals at the disabled olympics and set up a busy medical practice specializing in orthopedic sports injuries. ronan enjoys a successful career in music, is a founding member of the irish tenors and solo artist performing all over the world. christine m. griffin nominated by president george w. bush on , and unanimously confirmed by the u.s. senate, was sworn in on , to serve the remainder of a five-year term expiring . as a member of the commission, ms. griffin participates with the other commissioners on all matters which come before the commission, including the development and approval of enforcement policies, authorization of litigation, issuance of commissioners' charges of discrimination, and performance of such other functions as may be authorized by law, regulation, or order. since joining the commission, ms. griffin has been vocal in her support of increasing diversity in the federal workforce, as well as promoting greater efficiency and fairness in the federal eeo process. she has also been a strong advocate for women's rights and the rights of individuals with disabilities. notably, in june ms. griffin launched the lead initiative - leadership for the employment of americans with disabilities - to address the significant under-employment of individuals with severe disabilities in the federal government. in memory of christopher klicka from the hslda e-lert service a longtime champion of homeschooling rights around the globe, home school legal defense association senior counsel and director of state and international relations christopher j. klicka was called home by his lord on , at age , following a -year battle with multiple sclerosis. an attorney, spokesman, lobbyist, and homeschooling husband and father, chris is survived by his wife, tracy, their seven children ages - , and his parents, ardath and george klicka. re-airing special interview with christopher klicka, hslda from . topic of discussion was homeschooling for children with disabilities. two other guests were also on the show: greg palmer, author of adventures in the mainstream: coming of age with down syndrome and cynthia s. kidder, author,common threads, celebrating life with down syndrome. eunice kennedy shriver, champion for individuals with disabilities eunice shriver was the recipient of numerous honors, including the nation's highest civilian award, the presidential medal of freedom, which she received in . in may, the national portrait gallery installed a painting of her - the first portrait commissioned by the museum of someone who had not been a president or first lady. inspired by her sister rosemary, eunice kennedy shriver founded the special olympics in . this quote from a speech in by eunice kennedy shriver, is the legacy she leaves us all: "the right to play on any playing field? you have earned it. the right to study in any school? you have earned it. the right to hold a job? you have earned it. the right to be anyone's neighbor? you have earned it." special olympics world games, s. bend, indiana. "she believed that people with intellectual disabilities could individually and collectively achieve more than anyone thought possible. this much she knew with unbridled faith and certainty," said her son timothy, chairman of the special olympics. let us continue to advocate for positive changes that have been made by eunice for individuals with disabilities, knowing that these changes are for the good of all please pray for the families and friends from flight in clarence, ny and emergency responders too. sharing my prayer and words of hope carissa moen, staff member, florida lions camp the florida lions camp began operating in and is non-profit organization that provides a wonderful camp experience in winter, spring and summer for children and adults. they do not reject any disability and also allow for camper friends and siblings to come to camp for transitional help for the camper. the camp is considered to be on of the leading facilities of this type in the united states. find out about the next exciting event called the haunted trail for families on october -, in lake wales, florida. more information on our camp and other events can be found online chazz demeyer, songwriter, singer, musician and author the book, the fire within, and album, recovery, tell demeyer s remarkable story in words and music. they chronicle his early days as a traveling musician, his intensive effort to recover from the accident, his marriage to elle who first came into his life as an occupational therapist at the rehabilitation institute of chicago and his struggles and triumphs in the world of business as he turned away from music and put his creative fire to work in different venues. recovery and the fire within mark demeyer s return as a serious musician and songwriter years after the accident, and his debut as an author. each work stands on its own, but taken together they weave an inspiring story of refusal to let the physical impact of the accident he never regained full use of his left side limit demeyer s growth as a person and musician. his decision to write, sing and record again shows that is never too late to create, as long as the passion still burns, and the fire is red hot with recovery. the album features new songs with strong band tracks and blatantly honest lyrics. his inspiration is drawn from the period of his life when a tragic spinal cord injury cut short his career in music, but then offered new, and in some ways, far more fulfilling avenues for happiness. hear the interview with chazz now susan klein, president, model me kids, llc, letty thies, mother, advocate and beth garigen, m.ed., cas., lmhc, school counselor, warsaw elementary as a therapist for young children with autism, model me kids president susan klein saw first hand the need for social skills training tools that used visual support. she developed model me kids videos based on her experience working in home-based programs involving applied behavior analysis aba , a teaching method that breaks down skills into small parts and uses positive reinforcement to motivate appropriate behavior. the videos and supporting curricula materials reflect the approach of breaking down skills to make them understandable for children on the autism spectrum. letty and beth share information how they use model me kids dvd s and workbooks in the classroom and at home. susan klein is the president of model me kids, which she founded in . prior to model me kids, susan spent several years working in home-based aba programs with young children with autism under the supervision of behavior consultants from csaac community services for autistic adults and children . model me kids is dedicated to producing high quality teaching tools for children with autism, asperger syndrome, pdd-nos, and nonverbal learning disorder. we strive to make our products affordable so that they are accessible to both families and educators. peter adamson, music teacher, writer and singer peter adamson shares songs he has written while working with children on the autism spectrum including 'prayer for autism' and 'we've all got something to give', for all children with disabilities. peter works for the together trust as cross school music teacher working specifically with children with autism at inscape house, salford and cheadle in uk. peter is making a difference teaching children and raising awareness for autism through his music re-broadcast interview with senator david a. paterson- - october david a. paterson was elected new york's 74th lieutenant governor on . he became new york s 55th governor on . september schedule: terry farmer, president, the florida association of rehabilitation facilities. florida arf is a 501 c organization and represents community human service provider agencies making a meaningful difference in the lives of individuals with disabilities across the sunshine state. florida arf is a statewide, professional industry association that provides advocacy, information, and networking for individuals with disabilities and the community agencies that serve them. florida arf is a leader in the initiation of public policy change to promote and protect the interests of individuals with disabilities as well as the community agencies that provide quality services to individuals with disabilities. florida arf provides its members with factual and timely information, making its membership the best-informed and most effective influencers of systems change in their respective communities. listen to find out more about the benefits of membership which is making a difference in florida melissa tremblay, statewide advocacy network on disabilities stand is a non-for-profit organization in florida. melissa shares background information about stand and how they empower individuals and families through training, education, mentoring and more. recognizing the educational needs of children with disabilities will make a lifetime of difference. don't miss this sparc , third annual conference on saturday, at morgan fitzgerald middle school, largo, florida. "it's going to be great donna hill, performing arts division, national federation of the blind. ny governor david a. paterson proclaimed the first week in july "blind entertainers week". the division recently released sound in sight, a cd with tracks featuring original songs and covers by blind recording artists from across the nation in a wide range of genres. sound in sight, available online is also a vehicle to improve public acceptance of blind americans and awareness of issues that face them. listen to hear more doug chasick, fair housing and beyond, national apartment association education institute naaei and the institute of real estate management irem marcia and missy mitchell, tulsa, oklahoma. marcia is the winner of tyson s first ever national gold medal mom contest. listen to find out why louise maxwell, soulful encounters, a social network community for the medically disabled and differently-abled joan l. green, m.a. ccc-slp founder of innovative speech therapy joanne lara, m.a., teacher, trainer, dancer, advocate norma f. stanley, author, speaker, advocate happy mother's day rosalind joffe, m.ed. and joan friedlander, authors women, work, and autoimmune disease: keep working girlfriend this is a book for women who live with chronic, and often invisible illnesses, encouraging them to stay employed to preserve their independence and sense of self. rich with information and inspiration, it is the voice of warmth, wisdom, understanding, compassion and sisterhood. filled with tips, tricks and first-person accounts from women who have made similar choices in their own lives, this unique book is a resounding call for self-reliance and resilience. authors rosalind joffe and joan friedlander identify the factors that make working particularly difficult for women with autoimmune disease, and then offer practical suggestions to address them. rosalind and joan take a hard, yet inspirational look at what it takes be successful in a job, including developing strategies and tactics, evaluating communication skills, building a support team and considerations for self-employment. empowering and encouraging for women working with autoimmune disease. the book just released in may a must read for all women today read the story about alex from wgrz-tv taking autism on the air click here monica wharton- host, disability news views radio show and extreme tweeter monica plans to interview many people with disabilities across the country - over million today. plans also include producing a documentary and book stay tuned for details
__label__non_math	0.9994	discraft says this about the tracker: discraft stability rating: x-line .; z-line .; esp . the tracker is an extra long range driver with pinpoint accuracy and superior performance. displays flight characteristics similar to our popular buzzz midrange, but longer. this disc has been discontinued in x-line and x-line fly dy... more
__label__math	0.7871	emiller3 wrote:overhand drives seem to be considered almost cheating, whereas people seem to appreciate overhand get-out-of-trouble shots from the fairway. i don't get it. but i like the am nats approach, if there's a cheater route via overhand, it ought to carry a penalty with it if you get it stuck in the trees. that's bullshit. it's not right to punish a shot style, or call it cheating. disc golf is not all played backhand nor should it be. this is the same thing as placing huge logs in a fairway where rollers could be used to prevent that shot. no one sets up a hole like that.....or blocks the chances for a backhand, it shouldn't be done for overhands either. if the shoe was put on the other foot artificial lake placed in the way of the typical bh shot, but the o-h route was left alone , the masses would be shittin a brick. btw i hate the two meter rule like most ne disc golfers...there are a lot of trees up here to get stuck in backhand or overhand. mandos suck too. not ranting at you...i just think this rule sucks
__label__non_math	1.0000	nose up release could be caused by a couple of things or a combination of things . make sure when you grip, your wrist is tilted down like you're pouring a pot of coffee. second, you're not getting you're weight shifted all the way through. your torso should finish even with your plant leg, or even in front of it. from the videos you're not getting your weight to your front foot, and that can cause noose-up issues. pd2
__label__non_math	0.6790	not sure which run these are from, but they are all almost entirely clear and very grippy. oat isn't making these turn over. the 167 and 168 turn from flat at 375' of power 167 more-so than the 168 , yet they are pretty straight for understable drivers. they are amazing discs for open distance, but they tend to float around too long and don't fade enough to be reliable on distance shots that need good placement. the 175 has no glide and doesn't turn or fade much if kept low...it drops quick enough before the fade will kick in. yet even still it moves around in the wind too much. i'm not so sure that it will have a spot in the bag much longer, which is why i want a more stable compliment that will handle winds and still be workable. and when these were new they didn't turn much at all. lightly sanding the flash and giving them a good run through a rocky, wooded course helped get them where they are pretty quick. if it helps, here's some plh comparisons. left: 167 most dome , right: 175 flat left: 167, right: 168 moderate dome left: 175, right: 168
__label__non_math	0.9980	all posts and media uploads are expressed opinions of the contributing members and are not representative of or endorsed by the owners or employees of disclose.tv. this site may contain copyrighted material. members may make such material available in an effort to advance the awareness and understanding of issues relating to civil rights, economics, individual rights, international affairs, liberty, science technology, etc. we believe this constitutes a "fair use" of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the us
__label__non_math	0.9999	- uploaded: - hits: presenting the alien footage from rosweel, recorded and leaked by governmental insider. the extraterrestrial being is said to have worked with the military and governmental agencies in the late 40s and early 50s, staying in a secret underground base somewhere in the nevada desert - possibly area . episode , season of new short presentation show "what's going on?" which deals with alternative news, conspiracies, the paranormal supernatural, ancient mysteries, suppressed science, cryptozoology, the esoteric occult, the unexplained, metaphysics and spirituality intro music sound effects: public domain royalty-free by free intro creater contains visual material under cc by creative commons license from
__label__non_math	0.9998	- uploaded: - hits: 701 this is only the first min of the film. please order "the great culling: our water" dvd or bluray today to see the rest of the film order dvd or bluray at: more info about movie at: like us on facebook: the georgia guidestones is a large granite monument in elbert county, georgia. it has been referred to as an american stonehenge. the person or group that paid for its construction is a mystery. inscribed on its stones are ten commandments, written in twelve languages, for what it describes as an age of reason. many believe it is an agenda for the new world order. the first commandment is: "maintain humanity under 500 million in perpetual balance with nature." since the world population now stands at over seven billion, that means the commandment calls for the elimination of of the world's population. the culling already has begun the great culling of the human race already has begun. it is being done through chemicals added to our drinking water, food, medicines, and the air we breathe -- chemicals that have the known effect of reducing fertility and shortening lifespan. this message can no longer be dismissed as conspiracy theory. the facts are in plain view. this documentary is the first of a three-part series. it shows how additives to our drinking water, such as fluoride, supposedly to combat tooth decay, in reality are covert doses of death. it also shows how you can protect yourself and your family. order "the great culling: our water" dvd
__label__non_math	0.8743	- uploaded: - hits: .. unknown bi-pedal creature discovered in azerbaijan creature1 150x150 unknown bi pedal creature discovered in azerbaijan the fresh skeleton of an unknown creature possibly a mutated chupacabra, was found by local residents in tartar, a district of azerbaijan on friday. local officials and residents claim that they have never seen anything like this before. a representative of the veterinary department of terter said, this is the first time we have encountered anything like this, the remains of the beast were very fresh, possibly weeks old, and the creature, judging by its structure and build was a buck, certainly bi-pedal, able to walk on his hind legs, its scary to think also, that this might have been the young of something much much bigger.
__label__non_math	0.9999	things to see and do offers validity of offers: feb - sep offer : if you visit the ros tapestry exhibition this season you will be allowed to place a stitch in the new "unity" tapestry, recently commissioned to... validity of offers: jan - jun offer : book offer off golden thread gallery the golden thread gallery has, to date, published full colour art books exploring art from the north of... indulge your senses around ireland validity of offers: mar - dec offer : from 474pps indulge your senses following in celebrity chef clodagh mckenna's foot-steps as you taste the culinary delights and discoveries of ireland, travelling... validity of offers: jan - dec offer : 786 the week language plus discovery programme is designed for those who want to make the most out of their holiday. learn and have lots of fun with our... validity of offers: apr - aug offer : from 130 -day painting workshop saturday sunday including materials, nights b b and packed lunch. one day and weekend painting breaks and painting... validity of offers: mar - nov offer : we offer english language coaching from registered tefl-diploma teacher to all guests staying in our award winning eco-friendly b b in county... validity of offers: may - may offer : 195 this three day course introduces you to all the basic techniques in pottery. you will learn to coil, slab and throw pots and to sculpt in clay. you... validity of offers: mar - oct offer : 488 single room accommodation classes to ., monday to friday one weekend excursion to the cliffs of moher... validity of offers: feb - aug offer : enjoy the truly spectacular mourne mountains, home to world class mountain bike trails and genuine irish country craic the most fun way possible. rock... validity of offers: mar - oct offer : offer of a fantastic day tour of wicklow from dublin visiting all its beautiful highlights with options from the tour of a guided walk, horse ride...
__label__non_math	1.0000	validity of offers: mar - dec offer : 209 is the year to connect with your family ancestry at the malton, killarney. if you have family roots in county kerry, wish to organize a family... validity of offers: mar - dec offer : 418 valid: sunday, monday, tuesday, wednesday and thursday the package includes : - two nights accommodation - still sparkling bottled water in the room...
__label__non_math	0.9991	validity of offers: oct - dec offer : . stay nights and avail of discounted rate, right in the heart of galway only for nights stay in one of our ensuite dorms validity of offers: oct - dec offer : . stay one night in dublin city, take a bus to galway and a day tour of beautiful connemara or the cliffs of moher followed by a stay at barnacles...
__label__non_math	1.0000	whether you are looking for the newest designer couture or the best place to eat fish tacos while soaking in the socal sun. los angeles is a city of endless entertainment. start exploring there were no results matching the given search criteria. please update your selected filters and try again.
__label__non_math	0.9928	david berlinski's new book on euclid is out and has received more than a rave by robert schaefer in the new york journal of books. concludes schaefer, a research engineer at mit's haystack observatory, "the king of infinite space is for anyone who cares about euclid, geometry, the philosophy of mathematics and, most especially, for those who appreciate fine writing." david, of course, is a sr. fellow of discovery institute and a star in our center on science and culture, a polymath intellectual whose analyses range across scientific fields and, among other things, have established him as one of the most trenchant of critics of scientism in general and darwinism in particular. his newest book further stakes berlinski's right to be considered one of our time's most eminent exponents--and exemplars --of the western canon. beauty is one of the features of nature that exists as both a concrete reality and an abstraction--pointing to design.
__label__non_math	1.0000	dykstra's son to wed 'sopranos' star pop culture blog celebrity headlines from ap jamie-lynn sigler, whose future father-in-law is in jail jamie-lynn sigler was seen as part of a troubled family in her signature role as meadow, the daughter of mobster tony soprano, on the tv series the sopranos. now, in real life, the -year-old is inheriting family skeletons with her engagement to cutter dykstra, a -year-old baseball hopeful whose father, lenny, has a history of lawbreaking. sigler, who plays emily on the sitcom guys with kids, has been dating cutter for about a year. lenny dykstra, a former all-star outfielder, was sentenced last month to months in federal custody for bankruptcy fraud, money laundering and other charges. he was already serving a three-year state prison sentence after pleading no contest in july to grand theft auto. he also faces a nine-month jail sentence after pleading no contest to charges of indecent exposure to women he met through craigslist. sigler, who formerly dated new york jets quarterback mark sanchez, was previously married to her agent, a.j. discala. they divorced in . cutter dykstra has played five seasons in the low minor leagues.
__label__non_math	0.9996	ohio not part of federal database on ems runs medicine health blog hospital urgent care locator a medic from truro township brings a patient to grant medical center. a state law means this run isn t in a national database of ambulance runs, but there s a movement afoot to change that. ohio is considered a leader in emergency medical services, but it s one of the few states that don t send run reports to a national database. that means ems agencies here can t compare themselves to others across the country to improve patient care and how emergency medical workers are trained. a law that created the ohio trauma registry prohibits state officials from sending the information to the federally funded national ems information system. ohio has been a leader for years and wants to submit data, but their statute prohibits them, said karen jacobson, director of the national information system. the law bars individual hospitals and ambulance agencies from being individually identified in public data. two decades ago, the ohio hospital association fought to keep the names of individual health providers confidential in the public trauma registry. but for the information to be useful in the national database, jacobson and her staff need to identify ambulance agencies for accurate groupings, even though the names are kept confidential. this way, a volunteer fire department in southern ohio providing basic life support to patients isn t grouped with the columbus division of fire, which provides advanced life support. ems agencies could use the database to learn, for example, how well they respond to time-sensitive conditions such as severe injuries, cardiac arrests and strokes. is ohio getting patients to the right locations compared to other states? said jeffrey leaming, executive director of the ohio ems division. we can look at it here, but we can t benchmark that nationally. the state ems board wants to change the law and send ambulance run information to the database. officials have asked state sen. jim hughes, r-columbus, to support changing the law. he is considering it, and the hospital association so far doesn t plan to oppose it because it would include information only from ems agencies. if it doesn t have hospital data in it, we re fully supportive of pushing it forward, said carol jacobson, the association s director of emergency preparedness.
__label__non_math	1.0000	university of toledo to offer students -year degrees search the report card database for all ohio school districts. search the report card database for individual schools. search poverty estimates for any school district in ohio. visit the websites of the franklin county school districts: local stories from thisweek - gun battle that left two dead likely a first for clintonville - dublin officials poised to extend incentives to jpmorgan chase - jury goes against westerville in state street case - neighborhood pleads for new way in, out toledo, ohio some first-year students at the university of toledo will have the chance to get their undergraduate degrees in three years rather than four. the college of languages, literature and social sciences will offer all of its majors in an optional three-year format next year. students still have to fulfill the traditional number of credit hours needed for a degree. but officials hope it will save students money. there will be extra support systems for students who take the accelerated route.
__label__non_math	1.0000	plain city woman dies after crash crime safety headlines find statistics and facts from all cases search inmates by name, race or county get crime statistics for any u.s. city a plain city woman has died from injuries she received when her sport-utility vehicle crashed along a madison county road late sunday. katrina gingerich, , was thrown from her suv when it went into a ditch and overturned, landing on its roof along lafayette-plain city road, according to the west jefferson post of the state highway patrol. troopers said gingerich was not wearing a seat belt in the p.m. crash north of taylor blair road. she was taken to dublin methodist hospital and then flown to grant medical center, where she died late tuesday, the state highway patrol said. the crash remains under investigation. services for gingerich, a dietitian at edgewater place in plain city, will be at p.m. on saturday at united bethel mennonite church near plain city. ferguson funeral home in plain city is handling arrangements.
__label__non_math	0.9986	san francisco is cherished site for moviemakers the city s iconic sights have appeared in hundreds of movies. for the full hollywood-in-san francisco experience, visitors might want to stay at the boutique hotel bijou, 111 mason near union square. the hotel is designed in the theme of a classic movie palace, and portraits from movies decorate the walls. each room is named after a movie shot in san francisco, and a small movie theater that shows nightly double features of san francisco-based movies is in the lobby. rates start in the low s. for more information, visit travel agent search use our search to find travel agents in the columbus area. the golden gate bridge as well as several other iconic san francisco landmarks has been the setting of many memorable movies. san francisco the spot where jimmy stewart saved kim novak in vertigo is at fort point, just under the base of the golden gate bridge. a few miles down the bay is alcatraz, where nicolas cage and sean connery prevented missiles from launching and clint eastwood may or may not have escaped. up on shore, there s coit tower, city hall, the transamerica pyramid and all those hills that have been the setting for so many chase scenes. filled with iconic landmarks, breathtaking scenery and a wide range of locations, san francisco has a long history as a favorite site for filmmakers and the movie buffs who want to see the places where their favorite scenes were filmed. so many people are so familiar with the icons, with the landmarks of san francisco, said bryan rice, owner of san francisco movie tours. you can show the golden gate bridge, you can show the transamerica pyramid in the background, show these different places where people are familiar with, and it draws people in. alfred hitchcock loved shooting in the bay area, as did george lucas and clint eastwood. it s easy to see why: the bay, the bridge, the landmarks and a variety of elevations for interesting angles to shoot from. locations are diverse: downtown, the waterfront, the painted ladies victorian homes, the gritty tenderloin. film noir can be shot in the fog; a screwball comedy can bounce along hilly streets. many films shot in san francisco are written for the city, so it, in a sense, becomes a character in the movie. but the number of big-production movies shot in san francisco has tapered off with the rise of digital technology. instead of going on location, producers can recreate the city s look in studios and with computers at less cost. it s also cheaper to shoot in other locales, with some states offering better tax breaks for production companies than california does. rise of the planet of the apes, released in , was set in san francisco but shot in british columbia. san francisco still attracts moviemakers with more than 100 films shot there in the past decade and last year but more are independent or from small local companies than in the past. still, the city s long history of film offers plenty of iconic spots to visit. here are just a few: alcatraz: in birdman of alcatraz , the enforcer , escape from alcatraz , murder in the first , the rock a federal penitentiary from to , alcatraz housed notorious criminals including al capone, george machine gun kelly and james whitey bulger. now a national park, alcatraz offers visitors a chance to tour the prison, including a look at one of the cells portrayed in eastwood s escape from alcatraz, with the concrete chipped away behind the vent. the round-trip ferry to alcatraz costs , including audio tour. visit fort point, golden gate bridge: in vertigo , point blank , petulia , high anxiety , foul play , the presidio , dopamine built to protect the san francisco bay from confederate and foreign attacks during the civil war, fort point is where stewart saved novak in vertigo, right at the base. the bridge has also been blown up countless times on film, including in x-men: the last stand and monsters vs. aliens . the best view is from the north side looking back toward the city. coit tower: in after the thin man , the enforcer, innerspace , the presidio, sister act , the rock, dr. dolittle , boys girls the narrow white concrete column atop telegraph hill has been a part of san francisco s skyline since , and offers spectacular views of the bay and the city. coit tower has been in the backdrop of numerous movies filmed in san francisco and was called vaguely phallic by tyne daly s character in the dirty harry movie the enforcer. a visit to the observation deck costs for senior citizens. for more information, visit sfrecpark.org coittower.aspx. city hall : in magnum force , foul play , invasion of the body snatchers , a view to a kill , jagged edge , class action , final analysis , the rock, bicentennial man , bedazzled , the wedding planner , milk city hall has one of the largest domes in the world and replaced a structure destroyed in the earthquake. it was used at the end of invasion of the body snatchers, and sean penn, in his academy award-winning portrayal of gay-rights activist harvey milk, gave an impassioned speech on its steps. metro city hall from the animated movie megamind was an homage to san francisco s city hall.
__label__non_math	0.9997	strategic planning for diversity companies are discovering the value in corporate diversity. historically, most companies instituted diversity programs such as affirmative action to be in compliance with the law, but they have found that there are some good solid business reasons to do so. our focus is on helping companies incorporate diversity programs into their strategic plans. these plans should address each of the three major areas that impact their business: their customers, employees, and suppliers. ethnic marketing became a marketing buzzword in the 's. it stemmed out of corporate america's realization that the ethnic communities were already large and continued to increase at a greater rate than the majority population. so why not focus some marketing effort on these consumer groups? good philosophy. unfortunately, many companies believe that ethnic marketing means advertising in some of the foreign language trade press. in reality, ethnic marketing is much more than that, and requires more basic infrastructure changes to the company's marketing and customer service organizations in order to maximize its benefits. we can help you develop and implement the kind of ethnic marketing program that strengthens companies and yields both short and long-term returns. affirmative action programs emerged from the civil rights act of , and required all large corporations to address potential problems with racial discrimination by attempting to have their workforce reflect the ethnic makeup of the general population. while companies fought against it initially, affirmative action has helped develop strong workforces because it forced employers to create job descriptions and engage in true competition for new hires and promotions instead of using the "old boys network", friends, or relatives. companies have found that a diverse workforce can take advantage of the experiences and skills people with culturally diverse backgrounds can offer. in spite of the progress that has been made to create a diverse workforce, companies still have difficulty with diversity at the senior levels of management. we strive to help companies improve talent at all levels, and develop strategies to maximize the benefit of diversity in the workforce. minority and women business enterprise mwbe programs were originally created when major corporations began looking for ways to find qualified mwbe suppliers on government contracts. the federal government and many of the states had passed laws requiring their major contractors to make efforts to subcontract parts of their contracts to small business and mwbes. what many corporations have found is that mwbes are in many cases more qualified and cost-effective than their normal suppliers, which has helped them reduce expenses and improve the bottom line. at dsi, we are experts on mwbe programs and know what makes them work and what doesn't. the key is for senior management to believe that their mwbe program can improve their bottom line and to make a commitment of resources and attention to break down the political and bureaucratic barriers that have existed in the past. the bottom line is that competitive market is changing. in this country, the population growth of the ethnic minorities is skyrocketing. internationally, we now live in a global market, and any business that wants to do business overseas the resources in its workforce and suppliers in order to compete. every company should have a strategic plan for diversity, and we can help you get there. for additional information about diversity programs, see our sister site at:
__label__non_math	0.9935	hi, my name is kristie, from rockingham, n.c. i just stumbled onto your website, and it must be fate. i have been trying to establish a program in my area that would offer low cost, or free, swim instruction to minorities-in particular african-americans and native-americans whose rates of drowning are substantially higher than those of whites. i have researched the subject, and went so far as to writing a grant proposal to a local establishment who informed me that in order to receive funding, i had to obtain 501c3 tax status. so most recently, i have been navigating the maze of the irs, but while shopping for a lifeguard suit, i stumbled on your website. so my question is: do you guys offer any subsidiaries for your organization, or is there someway for similar parties to become incorporated within your system? if not, maybe you could give me some tips on obtaining this non-profit status. thank you. email me at email first of all, welcome to dap. if you are serious about service, start the program and do not worry about 501..c - everything will fall in place if your energy level is high enough for you to kick it off without funding. people will notice your service when you put forth the effort, and they will help. there is money out there, and it will be there when the time comes. best wishes. ideas are priceless. i agree that the 501 c is not one of the first 100 things you need to have. investigate, become aware, and learn -- of course. but it may be better to hook up with another agency 501 c . partner. collaborate. unify. finding the right fit is very, very hard. you need to have the right person to deal with and they need to have their board support. start by asking around as to who at the ceo level in nonprofits in your area was a competitive swimmer. ask around at established swim clubs and with coaches who have been in the area a while as to who they might suggest as possible partners. even -miles away. they might have better insights of the forrest -- and not just looking at the leaf on one tree while stuck in the middle of things. also, ask around with some politicians. those on county council or on the staff of a city council have some awareness as to who is keen on what -- and who might be a good source for either partnerships or extended networking to best find the best partner organizations. mark r in pittsburgh, pa, usa all good ideas, but i'm not from pittsburg. rockingham is a town of about ,000 people, and i actually organized the first and only swim club in the county. there has previously been no opportunity for competitive swimming, and i would be it for swim coaches. even -miles away, one would be lucky to find another established swim club. i currently coach kids, and we just finished our third year of competing, but i'm basically on my own in this arena. there is actually only one year-long indoor pool within a mile radius, and it is the only one designed with lanes for lap swimming. we are what you northerners would refer to as a "hick town", and therefore, i desperately need the guidance of dap. we started a program here in toledo, oh by partnering with a local swim club. we started without 501c3 status as well. as a swim club are you associated with usa swimming? is there a ymca in your area? maybe you can become local make-a-splash partners? feel free to write if you would like to learn more about how we got started. visit our website. all the best, i am working with the ben hair just swim for life foundation bh-jsl , a 501 c based in charlottesville, virginia that gives out grants to organizations that provide swim lessons to "at-risk" individuals. if you would like more information about our foundation, you can visit
__label__non_math	0.9993	elegant, no-fuss copywriting when it's quality copy, you can feel the difference. and so can your readers. they sense professionalism, credibility, authority, and they feel compelled to act. whether you're after a proven website copywriter, a strategic seo copywriter, or a creative advertising copywriter, divine write copywriting can provide the elegant, no-fuss results you need.
__label__non_math	0.9998	i have tried making rasgulla once,a while back.the reason it has not featured here yet is self explanatory,it was a super flop.i followed the instructions very carefully and did exactly as the recipe said but still ended up with a hard mass of white balls which would have been rasgullas .thankfully,ajay encourages me in all my ventures and equally provides me with necessary solace when things don t work well.he always says,close your eyes and dump everything in the waste bin when i encounter unsuccessful cooking experiments there have been many . one hot,humid afternoon,i donned my apron and started work on icc.everything went on smoothly and i was surprised at how easy it actually was.my camera was missing mysteriously right when i needed it and all the pics are taken with my phone camera. verdict history repeats??here too,i followed the instructions carefully,but ended up with hard paneer balls.the ras evaporated milk tasted awesome though.i really did not have the heart to throw this off,so i added some nuts to the milk and served it in a bowl,chilled.tasted almost like kheer and i m glad i did not have to waste the whole thing. can someone help me with this please??
__label__non_math	0.8022	this kit makes bavarian pilsner - this fine example is perfectly balanced with a delicate bitterness provided by hallertauer hersbrucker hops. although it is acceptable to ferment this beer at room temperature, a cleaner taste will result from the genuine bottom fermenting yeast if the temperature can be held between c and c. it's worth noting that this pilsner is best bottled after brewing because of carbonation fizz issues; you can just decant it into air-tight bottles for storage. - not that you should be storing it, beer is made for drinking makes litres, or approximately .pints. buy a refill kit to make another .pints and save even more this starter kit includes everything you need to make the beer, includes the malt extract, and the hops and grain in a type of tea bag. the kit also includes a product called "bruclean" used for sterilizing all the parts it's easy . everything is here, it's not quite as simple as "just add water", but very nearly. this is the perfect christmas gift idea. never before has home beer-making been so easy, tasty and problem free. with the brubox there is no mess, no smell and, due to the entirely closed production method, virtually no chance of infection. this kit consists of the finest quality brewing grade malt extract, genuine top or bottom fermenting yeast and our revolutionary new brubag system which, for the first time, enables fresh hops and grains to be used to enhance the flavour without any messy straining. as the brubox is not a single use product you will soon be ready for another brew. this time, instead of just the three original kits, you will have the choice of seventeen quality beers covering all of the world's major styles and some of the minor ones . with brupaks' innovative beers of the world you will make the best quality beers ever from a beer kit.
__label__non_math	0.9997	sensaphone ims- dry contact bridge n o, n c for sensaphone ims- or sensaphone ims- the ims dry contact bridge allows you to connect a dry contact alarm from any device to your sensaphone ims- or sensaphone ims- host or sensaphone ims- node . the dry contact bridge is compatible with normally open and normally closed contacts. the electrical connection between the sensor and ims is made via rj-patch cable not included . the sensor may be mounted either on a wall or rest on the floor. the dry contact bridge connects to the ims via a rj-cable e.g. cat5 cable . the connection from the sensor to the sensaphone host or sensaphone node can utilize your existing network wiring infrastructure. for example, the sensor may be installed in another room or another floor. connect the bridge to your structured wiring network via a rj-jack. at the other end, connect a patch cable from your structured wiring patch panel directly to the host or node environmental input. no information available at this time. feel free to contact us for further information
__label__non_math	0.9999	more in home improvement evaluate your life and plans for the future and decide if it's the right time to buy a home. review your financial picture. get a copy of your credit report and fix any problems before you start the loan shopping process. also determine how much home you can afford. pre-qualifying for a loan will allow you to focus only on the homes you can manage. don't forget to shop around for mortgage rates. half of a percentage point can make a difference in your payments and how much you'll pay over the life of a loan. get professional help. agents make their money off the seller, not the buyer, so essentially this is a free service to you. a good agent will work to find a home that fits your desires and your budget. list what you want in a home. provide your agent with a list of what's important to you -- the area of town you want to live in, length of time you're willing to commute to work, neighborhood amenities, schools, estimated property taxes for that area and safety. also work with your agent to identify features that may help or hurt the resale value of your home, such as a pool or garage -- or the lack of one. rate the houses you tour. and when you narrow it down to one that's just right, consider hiring a home inspector to alert you to any problems that might cost you later. all fields are required. remember me on this computer please enter your email address and we will send your password your password has been sent and should arrive in your mailbox very soon. sign up with diy network to share tips with other do-it-yourselfers and comment and ask questions on projects. it's free and easy.
__label__non_math	0.9911	install new tiles above a countertop to brighten a kitchen or bath. check out these great tips for easily drilling through ceramic tile. here are the diy basics for replacing a vanity countertop. a tile backsplash is a great way to add character and style to a kitchen. amy matthews shows how to grout a glass mosaic tile backsplash. marc and homeowners install a dual-finish backsplash of glass and copper. adding stone is one of the easiest ways to make a kitchen look high end. create a checkerboard kitchen backsplash using stick-on holographic tiles. mixing colors and designs gives your kitchen visual appeal. amy matthews demonstrates the techniques and materials for cutting tiles. here are tips to help you add spice to your kitchen with a tile backsplash.
__label__non_math	0.9923	in this lesson, students create a community service advertising campaign that raises awareness about the importance of keeping trash out of the marine ecosystem. students work in teams to create different ad campaigns geared toward particular target audiences and produce posters promoting their messages. links to additional information and resources are also provided. intended for grade levels: type of resource: no specific technical requirements, just a browser required cost copyright: dlese catalog id: dwel-000-000-000-461 resource contact creator publisher: publisher: the new york times learning network
__label__non_math	0.9992	dlr in bonn is the headquarters of the german space agency. it is responsible for managing national space activities on behalf of the federal government. furthermore, several offices of the german federal ministry of education and research bmbf are located here. all fields marked with are mandatory. back to article dlr respects the confidentiality of your details and will not pass them on to third parties.
__label__non_math	1.0000	update: glaxo, smithkline merge in 187 billion. but government and healthcare policy leaders responded with far more caution against a backdrop of protests by the washington advocacy group public citizen, along with reminders by president clinton that million americans are without health insurance. and with the dust still settling from last week's announcement that america online, vienna, va, will merge with timewarner inc., new york, there also was a chilly reaction from wall street, where concerns are still lingering about reported talks between warner-lambert, american home products and procter gamble co. as well as an ongoing attempt by pharmacia upjohn inc. to buy monsanto inc. in the case of glaxo-smithkline, analysts said the merger will result not only in the world's largest pharmaceutical company, but one representing nearly percent of the entire global prescription drug trade. but analysts said the day-to-day marketing of prescription drugs for the foreseeable future - both in the online and offline worlds - will likely remain unchanged. "ultimately, these companies are manufacturers of medications," said david restrepo, an analyst at jupiter communications, new york. "they all sell through a variety of channels. pharmacy benefit managers are the ones that may see some change because it's the pbms who negotiate with the pharmaceutical companies on behalf of the hmo's and other third parties . "it really just means pbms will have to negotiate with a larger company," he said, a dynamic that may slightly thwart the companies' acceptance of more integrated customer relationship management programs via the internet. healthcare marketing expert gil bashe, who was picked this week to head healthcare communications network health "i don't think this is going to stifle competition or how products are marketed or brought to the market," bashe said.
__label__non_math	0.9999	become an editor the entire directory only in loganalysis articles open directory - computers: software: internet: site management: log analysis: articles computers: internet: searching: search engines: robots combining ethnographic and clickstream data to identify user web browsing strategies - this paper describes a novel approach that combines data from direct observation, user surveys and server logs to analyse users' browsing behaviour. configure web logs in apache - explains improving traffic analysis by configuring apache logs. - content focusing on relationship marketing and customer loyalty through database marketing and interactive metrics. emphasis on roi, ltv, rfm and their link together, with a special attention to modeling, crm, and database marketing techniques. extended log file format - w3c's description of the extended log file format. most flexible of the log formats measuring web site traffic - computerworld - describes both do-it-yourself and companies which help analyze site logs. web watchers - computerworld - a roundup of skills, training and salary information for web data analysts. website publisher - traffic analysis primer - primer on traffic analysis covers types of tracking programs and uses for the information they provide. xml.com: what is web analytics - eric petersen has put together a guide to web analytics resources, from the books that should be read to the tools to use. eric is the author of web site measurements hacks. dr. dobbs: netiq webtrends reporting center ., enterprise edition - review of webtrends, with mention of other tools. vital web stats and more - review by eweek labs of two products that provide high-level analysis and reporting but take very different approaches: webtrends reporting center .and sitecatalyst. web site checkup - far from moribund, web analytics offerings provide a wide variety of analysis, reporting capabilities. eweek. web analysis tools in transition - with big intelligence software vendors moving into their turf, web analytics companies must evolve or die. tracking users: what marketers really want to know - an overview of web traffic analysis techniques, from log file analysis to real-time feeds from packet sniffing monitors. iab: metrics and methodology - the iab media measurement task force provides the standards the net uses for measurement. customising your logfiles - tutorial from: apache week " search on: to edit this category. visit our sister sites last update: sunday, : edt -
__label__non_math	1.0000	become an editor the entire directory only in businessandeconomy economicdevelopment business and economy open directory - regional: asia: china: business and economy: economic development regional: asia: business and economy: economic development this category in other languages: - data collection designed to facilitate natural science and socioeconomic research and educational activities. includes data sets, maps, population data, and economic data. - annual economic statistics for the past years in colourful charts and tables, with brief explanations, plus annotated links on china generally. china today, business and investment - promoting overseas investment opportunities in the country. china today, export and import, foreign trade - promoting chinese manufacturing and other exports. - provides latest economic and business news with background on main macroeconomic variables. includes real-time features such as renminbi currency converter. imf - people's republic of china and the imf - provides news, statistics, public information notices and other reports, financial position in the fund and transactions. the internationalist backgrounder - provided by the center for international business information. us energy information administration - china - us eia provides data, forecasts, country analysis brief and other analyses, focusing on the energy industry including oil, natural gas and electricity. world bank group - china - provides news and events and in-depth analysis with a regional overview, country briefs, data and statistics, publications, development topics, initiatives, projects and programs. " search on: to edit this category. visit our sister sites last update: thursday, : edt -
__label__non_math	1.0000	thank you for visiting chefmoz.org. for more than years, chefmoz was the largest international online directory of restaurants and reviews, covering more than 300,000 restaurants in 142 countries. unfortunately, due to persistent hardware issues and a lack of resources, we have been forced to make the difficult decision to place chefmoz on an indefinite hiatus. we would like to extend our sincere and heartfelt thanks to the thousands of volunteer editors who devoted countless hours toward building chefmoz, as well as to the tens of thousands of members of the public who submitted reviews and added restaurant information. your altruistic efforts created a tremendously valuable, freely-available resource, and exemplified the highest ideals of the web community. while we hope that the chefmoz project will be revived in the future, you can still find information about restaurants from our actively maintained sister project, dmoz, which contains tens of thousands of links to restaurants and restaurant review sites. the open directory project staff
__label__non_math	0.9858	please do not submit sub-pages for the domain of all subpages at that domain are already accounted for by the listing of you may submit domains other than www that include the lackland.af.mil suffix. for example, aia.lackland.af.mil is acceptable. sites related to lackland air force base, texas, located miles southwest of downtown san antonio. lackland afb was named for brig. gen. frank d. lackland, an early commandant of kelly field flying school, who died in .
__label__non_math	0.9961	with being observed as the national mathematical year, organisations in the city are geared up to celebrate the 125th birth anniversary of one of india s greatest mathematicians srinivasa ramanujan. ramanujan s birthday viz december is commemorated as the national mathematics day. vidjnanabharti, a city-based centre that promotes science and technology, along with mso boys school perugate bhave school , has organised a unique exhibition on the occasion. ravindra vanjarvadkar, president of maharashtra education society, will inaugurate the event that will be held at perugate bhave school on december and at . more than 100 models and charts will be put up for display. a special talk on ramanujan and his life as a mathematician will be delivered by dr vinayak solapurkar, head of department hod , sp high school, at .. the school will also conduct ganith ranjan , a maths puzzle for students of standard viii and ix with over schools participating in it. speaking at the press conference, professor murlidhar godse said, we all are united for the good cause of promoting mathematics. whenever i interact with students, i try and evoke interest in them by teaching them the methods of close observation and study of digits and numbers. i teach students the easy methods to learn tables and get great response from them. godse will conduct fun with numbers at perugate bhave school on december at .. on december , eminent writer mohan apte will speak on journey of mathematics in india at sp high school at .. dr vijay bhatkar, one of the pioneers of the indian it industry, will be the chief guest for the event, which will also be attended by dr dilip sheth, principal, sp high school. the school is also arranging for a special movie screening, including a walt disney movie on mathematics, a bbc film on evolution of mathematics and a film on ramanujan s life.
__label__non_math	0.9998	news release 216 energy center issues weatherization subgrant to community action agency of st. louis county volume -216 for immediate release contact: kerry cordray jefferson city, mo, -- the department of natural resources' energy center has issued in weatherization subgrant funds to community action agency of st. louis county caastlc , to help low income missourians reduce home energy costs. caastlc is one of missouri agencies that implement the state's low income weatherization assistance program, enabling low-income missouri families to permanently reduce their energy bills by making their homes more energy efficient. the elderly, physically disadvantaged and families with children are program priorities. since the program began in , weatherization funds have helped to weatherize more than 155,000 missouri homes. caastlc serves citizens in st. louis county. the subgrant to caastlc is from a u.s. department of energy grant administered by the department's energy center. additional program funding also comes from the missouri department of social services and through agreements made in rate adjustment cases by missouri utilities to weatherize additional homes in their service areas. the department's energy center is a nonregulatory state office that works to protect the environment and stimulate the economy through energy efficiency and renewable energy resources and technologies.
__label__non_math	0.9898	the marine genomics program was initiated some years ago as cooperative effort among: - south carolina department of natural resources scdnr - medical university of south carolina musc - noaa partner ccehbr in charleston. now based at hollings marine laboratory hml , the marine genomics program is the only noaa-based resource capable of applying the new science of functional genomics to marine environmental health assessment. the marine genomics program is dedicated to development and utilization of functional genomics tools for the accurate, quantitative, simultaneous measurement of the expression transcription of thousands of genes in marine organisms. these tools will be used to characterize the overall health of the organism and to assess the status of specific genetic pathways diagnostic of exposure to particular stressors. one of the long-term goals of the marine genomics program at hml is to provide the facilities and intellectual resources that will assist e.g., through collaboration and training investigators at hml, other noaa centers and facilities, and a variety of university and research institutes, to construct gene microarrays for evaluating health responses of marine species. contact: robert chapman.
__label__math	0.9799	let s talk about this whole happy thing this child is safe bike-to-work sets example posted: by mark beppler special correspondent bridgewater when lone bridgewater senior bryan lynch drilled a deep trey with left in the game, it drew the biggest cheer of the night from the hometown fans. the problem was, the eagles...
__label__non_math	0.7327	ga total number of internet addresses shrinks total number of internet addresses shrinks - study by david mcguire, wednesday, ; "domains bought during the rampant domain-name speculation of late are now coming up for two-year renewal, and many are being abandoned," netcraft writes in its survey summary . this message was passed to you via the firstname.lastname list. send mail to email to unsubscribe "unsubscribe ga" in the body of the message . archives at
__label__non_math	0.9757	if anything, last night s season finale of lost made two things crystal clear to me: the show is coming to an end pretty soon, finally; and josh holloway is definitely the best thing about lost s top-notch acting ensemble. apropos of both points, then, here s my question for the guy who plays sawyer james lafleur: isn t it about time you became a big star already, my man? c mon i m serious here besides being the justifiable subject of many a woman man crush sure, i m guilty as charged , holloway proved in this breakthrough season that he really is a terrific actor with depth and charisma to spare. i mean, why did everyone respond so well and so quickly to the out-of-nowhere sawyer-juliet romance? why did it seem to resonate so much more than pretty much every other love affair on lost this side of rose and bernard? as jon lovitz would say, acting this guy has got to become a movie star. and now, with one year remaining on lost, it s the perfect time to begin. holloway had once been slated to appear as gambit in wolverine, and while he d be a good choice for most any superhero character, i can see him in a range of movies from romantic comedies to thrillers playing good guys and bad. certainly, he has what it takes to be the show s big breakout; after all, none of the other actors have managed to seriously capitalize on their fame. don t you agree, popwatchers? what should be holloway s next move? think maybe george lucas should consider starting up a han solo spin-off franchise for him? source : ew
__label__non_math	0.9998	he has no time for post op care and will kick you to the curb..., his surgery on my wife got infected resulting in days in the hospital, a week after she got out he said it was scar tissue, a week after that she called to say it still hurt, he said somethings not right a to see him in days, i called to complain that days is too long maybe we should go to the hospital, his office called back stating we would recieve a certified letter stating he would not provide her any more care and to find a new doctor, they threw us to the curb, he cut her, it got infected, so too bad find another doctor misleading web site. does not live up to his claims of expertise and pain relief...., dr filler's website misleads people like me. i thought that his mrn and self proclaimed expertise and skill would help me with my chronic pain problems. so i visited dr filler at great expense to get an mrn and a diagnosis. dr filler recommended very expensive injections in the front, side and back of my right hip. i did not have hip problems before the injections but immediately had problems and more pain then before. i did not have a bad case of piriformis syndrome before the injections......i do now after the injections. i have much more pain in the area of all injections. the muscles and tendons where he gave the injections are chronically tight. i spoke with dr filler about this and he offered to do surgery. i can't help thinking that he knows that his very expensive injections will lead to his even more expensive surgery. since the injections i have seen many bad reviews about dr filler. i think he is a very bad doctor who takes advantage of people to make money. beware of this man...his web site is like a spider's web...remember if it is too good to be true..it probably isn't....that was my experience with dr filler. dr wilson cook is outstanding and i would recommend him to anyone..., dr wilson cook is probably the best doctor i have ever had. he is intelligent, soft-spoken, considers your input seriously, no matter how amateur and 'hot off the internet' it may be. my health has improved much under his care. his staff is very professional, but the phone messaging system is annoying, and the facilities are old, with visible mold in some places along the ceiling, which is typical for old buildings. but his staff is still great, and dr cook himself is the best general physician i have ever had. misdiagnosed my child prescribed dangerous medication...., wow. character limit. sucks cause there is a lot to tell. i will make some points. i had to guess my child's diagnostic and he would just agree with me. told me my child has pinworms when complaining about belly pain and constipation without even checking in a lab my child was later diagnosed at the er with encopresis . prescribes tylenol for everything from headaches to possibly cancer. call to make an appointment for lung check when my child had a severe flu but instead i was sent to the pharmacy where a prescription will be sent. went to the pharmacy and everything was over the counter. gi doctor requested a note in december from him. it is february and the gi never received it. called to get something for my son's cough. transferred through three different receptionists one was chewing her food while on the phone with me .got prescription for asthma medication.pharmacist asked me not to give my son the medication as it is dangerous.encopresis failure extremely rude, arrogant and uncaring. i would not recommend her to anyone...., dr. kubica is not only rude and uncaring, she is very rough when doing exams. a complete physical with her lasts a couple minutes with her barely examining the patient and not knowing the patient's history at all even if you are have been a patient for years. she is cold and distant and will not listen to questions much less answer any questions. she walks out of the room while the patient is still talking and asking questions. i would not recommend her to anyone. she is completely uninterested in her patient and actually had the worst bedside manners i have every experienced. very poor doctor.
__label__non_math	0.9991	have your say you can rate this item by giving it a score of one poor , two, three, four, five excellent stars, which will be averaged out with other crafter's ratings. you can also share your comments, positive and negative, as well as any tips or ideas, in the written review space. you must be logged in to add rating. click here
__label__non_math	0.9998	doctors lounge - gynecology answers provided on is designed to support, not replace, the relationship that exists between a patient site visitor and his her physician." back to gynecology answers list - sun my boyfriend and i have been together for just about two years now, we are in a loving commited relationship. years ago i gave birth to my second child and weeks later i had my tubal ligation procedure the cut and burn not the tie . or years ago my boyfriend had a vascetomy. with both of us having these procedures done still did not stop me from getting pregnant about a month and a half ago. i lost the baby. my question is how was this even possible and what are the chances of it happening again? - thu there is a percentage of failures in these procedures but it does seem very unusual that both of you would have this problem. did your boyfriend have the follow up sperm count test to be sure his vasectomy was complete? he should definitely do so now either way. i assume you had a positive pregnancy test and are absolutely sure you suffered a miscarriage. we don't know why sometimes tubes are able to grow back together. it's kind of ironic when so many women can't become pregnant and others do in spite of such serious measures to prevent it. you should consult with your doctor at this point. he may want to do studies to determine what is going on with you and counsel you on your next move from here.
__label__non_math	0.9990	- about us - our work - work with msf - public events - press room open letter to president george w. bush president george w. bush dear president bush, the upcoming meeting of the group of eight g8 leaders in genoa, italy, represents an important opportunity for the world's wealthiest nations to focus world attention, funding and political will on key health issues that disproportionately affect the poor. the chance to concretely address major communicable diseases, in particular hiv aids, malaria, and tuberculosis, must not be missed. the genoa meeting of july to will take place at a critical moment, when the political momentum built up over the course of several major international conferences can be translated into immediate improvements for those most in need. it is crucial that the decisions and declarations issuing from the g8 meeting in okinawa last july, the subsequent g8 conference on infectious diseases in okinawa last december, and the united nations general assembly special session on hiv aids ungass in new york this june, are now transformed into real tools in the fight against major infectious diseases. tangible progress must be made on a number of fronts. in this respect, it is encouraging that a global consensus is emerging which effectively addresses many of the problems we at doctors without borders m decins sans fronti res msf have identified in the course of our medical field work. people cannot be forced to choose between the prevention and treatment of hiv aids-the two approaches are mutually reinforcing. also, for many neglected diseases where existing tools are either ineffective or non-existent, improving health will require a major effort to discover and develop new drugs and vaccines. when effective drugs are available, there is also a growing consensus that, although weak health systems in some areas present a formidable challenge in the implementation of treatment programs, particularly for hiv aids, they do not justify denying or delaying access to life-saving medicines to people who need them. operational research must be expanded in order to simplify and adapt treatment and prevention strategies to resource-poor settings. despite recent initiatives, the unaffordable price of existing medicines remains a significant barrier to access. however, the declaration of commitment on hiv aids that was adopted by all member states at ungass offers clear recognition that the high cost of medicines must be addressed at all levels. at the special session on access to medicines of the trips council meeting that took place on , world trade organization wto members drew attention to the adverse effects of intellectual property protection on access to medicines. a consensus emerged on the need to ensure that intellectual property rights do not stand in the way of access to essential medicines in developing countries, and to encourage developing countries to make full use of existing legal safeguards to address critical public health issues. the interpretation of trips will be particularly critical as additional funds are allocated to fight infectious diseases. if the rules of funding mechanisms are too restrictive, the reach of new efforts will be limited. prices of medicines and other essential health care goods will have a profound impact on the effectiveness of funding efforts. antiretroviral drugs provide a good example. if the mid-term objective is to put five million patients on treatment in developing countries, the cost of drugs alone would be ,000 per patient per year in the unaids accelerating access initiative. if, through a system of equitable pricing, the per patient cost of drugs went down to billion per year. the savings could be used to increase the number of patients who could receive access to treatment and to invest in other important components of care and prevention. offering financial assistance to countries that will not be able to shoulder the entire financial burden of scaling up aids, tb, and malaria efforts is a necessary and vital component of an expanded global response to fighting infectious diseases. kofi annan, un secretary general, with the support of the world health organization who and unaids, has estimated that developing countries will need between -billion annually to fight aids alone. but, how this money will be used is now the critical question. in order to ensure that international funding mechanisms, including the proposed global health fund, can offer treatment to the highest number of people with hiv aids, malaria, and tb, it is essential that funds be available for the purchase of medicines and medical technologies at the lowest possible cost. the european union eu countries have formulated a common position on the need to link international funding mechanisms to a system of tiered pricing with full price transparency, to procure through international tender, and to ensure that money is untied so the lowest cost medicines and related technologies can indeed be accessed. in addition, the eu common position supports the use of trips safeguards. the european commission has stated that contributions to the global health fund will be made only if conditions for a tiered pricing system are met. european commissioner nielson said at the conference for least-developed countries in may this year that "the global fund cannot succeed and will not get our support without a commitment by the industry to a global tiered pricing system." we urge you at the upcoming g8 meeting to support this position in addition to other mutually supportive strategies that will increase access to essential medicines. more specifically, in genoa we urge you to support a combination of strategies that will ensure the availability of the lowest cost medicines and other health-related goods, including: it is essential that a long-term, sustainable solution to the crisis of lack of access to medicines be developed-not one that relies solely on the good will of pharmaceutical companies to voluntarily offer discounts on certain medicines. though such price reductions are important, they are not enough. the mutually supportive strategies outlined above will be important elements of an effective framework for guaranteeing access to essential medicines, even for the most vulnerable populations in the poorest countries. your leadership will be key to a successful global response to hiv aids, malaria, tb, and other less visible diseases. we hope that you will make addressing the needs of millions of people affected by major infectious diseases in the developing world a priority. nicolas de torrent cc: colin l. powell, secretary of state, u.s. department of state tags: access to medicines
__label__non_math	0.9353	desktop transporter . desktop transporter allows you to connect to any mac that shares its screen, and control it from your desktop. switch between all displays attached to shared macs and use copy paste to transfer text and graphics between the local and the remote machine. bonjour support makes it easy to discover shared machines on your local area network, and password protection keeps your data away from unauthorized eyes. download alternate desktop transporter solution look at the free or trial alternatives and similar apps to desktop transporter software by the tags. it's possible also to find substitutes for the most popular titles in the desktop design category. history updates complete changelogs since the listing on this site -new: server-side scaling: desktop transporter saves bandwidth by scaling down the desktop to fit the window size in use. -new: server-side clipping: when you are viewing remote desktops at one-to-one scale, the server saves bandwidth by only transferring screen updates for the area that is actually visible in your viewer window. -new: desktop filtering: if you manage many macs, you now have the ability to filter the list of shared desktops. -new: keychain support: desktop transporter can store passwords to access shared desktops in the keychain. -improved: more efficient compression when viewing desktops in millions of colors. -fixed: a crash on leopard has been resolved. predicted future versions and notices: the dodownload.com constantly monitors the update of all programs, including information from the desktop transporter .changelog file, however sometimes it can happen that data are not complete or are outdated.we assume that author continue's to develop .version with further advanced features, and soon you will be informed. equally important .upgrades of the program we will continue to monitor. full desktop transporter description has been compared with the overall software database and our algorithm has found the following applications are showed below . 2mb, extension:
__label__non_math	0.9684	max uninstaller v184.108..206 max uninstaller is the industry-leading windows uninstaller, facilitated by highly engineered uninstall engine to effectively and thoroughly uninstall any program that the standard windows add remove programs can't remove. in addition, max uninstaller technicians will resolve any of your submitted program uninstall requests, in case max uninstaller couldn't remove the program completely or fix the corrup program uninstall install errors effectively. download alternate max uninstaller solution look at the free or trial alternatives and similar apps to max uninstaller software by the tags. it's possible also to find substitutes for the most popular titles in the operating system utils category. history updates complete changelogs since the listing on this site predicted future versions and notices: the dodownload.com constantly monitors the update of all programs, including information from the max uninstaller v220.127.116.changelog file, however sometimes it can happen that data are not complete or are outdated.we assume that author continue's to develop v18.104..168 version with further advanced features, and soon you will be informed. equally important v22.214.171.124 upgrades of the program we will continue to monitor. full max uninstaller description has been compared with the overall software database and our algorithm has found the following applications are showed below . .4mb, extension: exe
__label__non_math	0.9912	one size does not fit all: we have dog beds and pet beds from xs-xxl. here are some tips to find out what size your dog is. please use our easy size guide to measure your pup and find the right bed or crate. be aware, these are approximations. if you have questions, we can help by phone or email. we have over years of dog experience to guide you for beds: measure your dog in in his sleeping position; from nose to the base of the tail. then add " - to determine bed length or diameter. this ensures that your dog doens't feel as if he's falling off the bed. for crates: the two most important dog crate dimensions are the height h and length l . find out how tall they are from their feet to the top of their shoulders, and how long from nose to tail. if your dog has a long tail, include some extra lenght for comfort. once you have your dog s height and length, add -inches to the height and the same to the length. these should be the minimum height and length measurements for the crate. for a trained dog give them plenty of comfort space, they need to be able to stand, turn around and get comfy. puppies are a different subject.
__label__non_math	1.0000	dog car travel. even bikes and planes. whatever the need to keep your dog comfortable and safe on this trip, we'll have it. from a simple dog seat to help your small dog see out a window, to dog car barriers and dog travel crates to keep your dogs safely in the rear of your car. dog car seat covers are a must. not only do they keep your seats clean - they allow you to buckle your dog into the car seat.we have airline approved dog carriers, too.
__label__non_math	0.9998	this book was the chosen book for the celebration of reading campaign, a dog named worthless: a hero is born children's book a dog named worthless: a hero is born written and illustrated by rocky shepheard welcome to dogs deserve better's first fantasy action adventure fiction picture book for kids and adults alike worthless is a chained dog who has never lived inside the house. he suffers through cold winters and hot summers only with the help of his two friends otto and sly fox. his friends plot to free him and they set off on an adventure to look for a new life somewhere where there are no chains. they search for days in snow and ice until they find a place on the edge of a pond to hunker down for the winter. but fate intervenes and presents an opportunity for worthless to finally prove to himself that he is worthy of love and a good home. will worthless have the courage to face his fears and become the dog he has always wanted to be? about worthless: worthless was the name of a real dog, he was the reason that dogs deserve better was founded and that's why the book was named after him. someone actually named their dog worthless, can you believe that? read about his rescue here. it was fitting that the winning contest model for the book was another black lab named maggie, beloved companion of joe maringo of sparro. dan piraro - internationally acclaimed cartoonist and creator of bizarro: "'a new name for worthless: a hero is born' is, like it's title character, anything but worthless. this is an exciting story with a full range of emotions that kids will love and adults will take pause to think about. the same story that is lovingly illustrated within plays itself out in communities all over the world and the lessons learned from this story are simple but so important. this book will lead readers of all ages to more fully understand the true nature of "man's best friend" with a common-sense, compassionate approach that can change the world for the better." dan piraro, creator of "bizarro" cia bruno, esq. - new york animal rights advocate: "a masterfully captivating illustrative theme opportunity for mutual exploration between parent and child. the dominant message being that 'all' sentient creatures are worthy of our respect for their needs and existence." cia bruno, attorney at law and advocate for all sentient creatures at lorraine chittock -photographer and author: "wow. i love it. finally a book appears which addresses a pressing dog issue, but doesn't come across as preachy or pandering. from the first page to the last, the reader is drawn into the troubles of worthless, and captivated by a wonderful story juxtaposed with exquisite paintings. for children this book is a must. for adults, it signifies hope and the progress being made for the lives of chained dogs all over the world." travel books exploring our unique bond with animals ddb founder tamira thayne: "when rocky presented his idea, i was instantly intrigued by a story that is less about the reality of everyday chaining, and more a fun fiction tale featuring animal friends and foes. i was delighted with his storyline, and even more enamored with his illustrations. i hope that a new name for worthless: a hero is born ends up on every dog lover's bookshelf, because that's where it deserves to be tamira c. thayne, founder and ceo of dogs deserve better robin helfritch co-founder of open the cages alliance: "rocky shepheard's inspiring and delightful book, a new name for worthless: a hero is born will warm your heart and leave you smiling. beautifully illustrated, it tells the tale of worthless, a neglected dog who is callously left by his uncaring human owner to live his life chained to a rickety wooden box in extreme temperatures. this is, unfortunately, the fate for far too many dogs. luckily for worthless, he has good friends, sly fox and otto the otter. through teamwork, bravery and a little luck, worthless's life takes a turn for the better this book teaches the importance of compassion, friendship, collaboration, acceptance, and the fact that all deserve freedom from oppression. it is perfect for children and adults of all ages, and the life lessons learned in this book will resonate within all who read it." robin helfritch co-founder, open the cages alliance catherine hedges founder of dont bully my breed, inc.: "a new name for worthless; a hero is born, is a wonderful combination of fantasy and reality, and a reminder that no dog is born "worthless" but, any dog, in the hands of the wrong person, can be treated as worthless. the book shows children everyone has worth and is a great lesson in self esteem, as well as emphasizing the importance of loyalty and friendship and what can be accomplished when friends work together. it shows the importance of compassion and love and should inspire kids to ask questions about animal cruelty and neglect. it is evident in shepheard's heartwarming story and stunning illustrations that he is a person with a great heart and one hopes that his message will impact every adult or child who reads it." catherine hedges founder of dont bully my breed, inc. nikki brown - the uk dog whisperer from canine angel: "'a new name for worthless: a hero is born' is just such a delightful book with a really simple yet powerful message about how these creatures that we humans call dogs , can teach us all the important lessons of forgiveness, love, devotion, courage, bravery, living in the moment and never holding a grudge. the story is about how this dog views his world after being chained up to a dog house all his life suffering all weather conditions and being given the name of worthless by his human owner, reminding us all that neglect and cruelty still exists in today s world. the beautiful illustrations help to ignite your imagination and take you into this dogs world where all he ever wants is the opportunity to show he can be the dog that he was born to be, and show that even though he has been mistreated he can still find it in his heart and soul to forgive, love unconditionally and become man s best friend. a great read for kids and adults, and every dog owner or potential dog owner needs to have this in their book collection." nikki brown the uk dog whisperer canine angel leigh-chantelle -australian vegan activist singer songwriter: "worthless the dog is much more than his namesake. his friends sly the fox and otto the sea otter unite to free him from his unbearable life chained to a rickety wooden box, all worthless has known as a home. beautifully illustrated by rocky shepheard and written in the first person from worthless point of view, a new name for worthless: a hero is born is a wonderful story of courage, friendship and bravery. families can read this wonderful book together and learn lessons in patience, humility, forgiveness and respect, all taught by worthless the dog. this is a great resource book for humane education released by the not for profit organisation dogs deserve better who believe in respecting, freeing and enhancing the freedom of all chained animals." founder of green earth day, viva la vegan performing artist veterinarian activist dr. armaiti may: "what an inspiration this dog s story of hardship, collaboration with his fellow animal friends, and ultimate freedom from unfair confinement warms the heart. it is beautifully told and fills the reader with empathy for the dog s predicament as well as admiration for his determination to free himself and find a more loving home." armaiti may, dvm using age-appropriate messaging, this book targets the following humane education aspects for coursework and can be used to stimulate discussion about these issues with students and children: dog chaining importance of friends working as a team wildlife education book follows the success of puddles on the floor, by lorena estep and illustrated by tamira c. thayne, and is only the second children's book created specifically for dogs deserve better. it can be bought in package with puddles at a discounted price, see below for package deals. book is perfect for family fun reading, and for humane education from kindergarten-through 6th grades. if you're a nonprofit who would like to buy wholesale for fundraising purposes, please call us at 757-357- for pricing options. you'd like ddb to come to your school or group for a reading visit, please call 757-357- or e-mail firstname.lastname now take phone orders at .877.636. or mail your order to moonlight rd., smithfield, va . a dog named worthless: a hero is born book written and illustrated by rocky shepheard copy pak of a dog named worthless: a hero is born book perfect for gift-giving almost . hero kids' pak includes: a new name for worthless, puddles on the floor, and happy dog teaching aid, allowing parents, teachers, and facilitators to give children the 'whole hero experience,' hero kids' pak free hero unchained pak includes: a new name for worthless, unchain my heart, and scream like banshee.the hero unchained pak is the perfect family pack, something for everyone in the family, and teaches about chaining, being a foster parent to a dog, and how you can get involved with making a dog's life better. hero unchained pak includes hero unchained pak plus includes: a new name for worthless, unchain my heart, puddles on the floor and scream like banshee. the hero unchained pak plus takes the family pack above and adds in puddles on the floor, for those who want both children's books. hero unchained pak plus includes special fundraiser a dog named worthless - a hero is born special signed copy by the author rocky shepheard. all extra goes to support dogs deserve better book blogger reviews
__label__non_math	1.0000	leave a comment this is: jasmine, well i hope that all of you are in great health these days and your family's and other pets too, and i hope that all of you are doing just wonderful these days too,and everything is going just great for you too. well last night -lucky mommie and one of her good friends named debra, was home helping me - cause i was having -contractions, and restlessness too. and today we got up really early cause we all thought that we were supposed to go too the vets and when we got their mommie dumb butt forgot the paper work and the fact that it was expired unfortunnally. so basicly we went up their for nouthing. but mommie has got it all worked up now, so hopefully things will be good i hope. well i hope that everyone had a great christmas this year and new years take care everyone, hugs and kisses stay warm leave a comment jasmine, are you really having puppies? arooooo, jasmine
__label__non_math	0.9926	below is some information about the way in which the site run with regard to personal data protection. treatment of personal data the data, given voluntarily and processed following consultation of our site, is held by doimo city line s.r.l. con sede legale in mosnigo di moriago tv , via montegrappa, 142, who processes such data for the purpose of optimizing use of its site, and for its statutory and institutional purposes. processing is carried out by the holders on paper, computer, by telematic and electronic systems and servers available to them and its staff internal and external assigned to such work, including the staff of multimedia creative di eros zago, who process the data for the purpose of running our site in the best way possible through information and telematic systems. multimedia creative di eros zago collects data relating to whoever accesses and navigates our site, and uses such data for technical administration and possible statistical analysis regarding its use. multimedia creative di eros zago may use global statistical data about the type of traffic, and other information correlated to the site, without distributing or communicating to third parties data regarding a single user. any form of distribution or communication to third parties is excluded except to the staff assigned to the service, for the purposes stated above . you may check your data at any moment and exercise all your relevant rights including checking, updating and deleting . access to our site is monitored, for statistical purposes only, by multimedia creative di eros zago and doimo city line s.r.l. con sede legale in mosnigo di moriago tv , via montegrappa, 142. site security measures specific security measures have been taken to ensure safe access to the site and protect the information on it from the risk of loss or destruction, including accidental. the antivirus system used for both incoming and outgoing email for the site is constantly upgraded and ensures a high degree of security. doimo city line s.r.l. con sede legale in mosnigo di moriago tv , via montegrappa, 142 guarantees the adoption of special antivirus systems for its site, and points out that by law, and also for their own peace of mind, users should also provide their work stations with special antivirus systems to prevent and scan virus attacks. during normal operations computer systems and software procedures used to run this site acquire some personal data, the transmission of which is implicit in the use of internet communication protocols. this information is not collected for association to identified users, but by its very nature it could allow the user to be identified by means of processing or association with data held by third parties. this category of data includes ip addresses or dominion names of computers used when connecting to the site, uri uniform resource identifier addresses for the resources required, the time the request is made, the method used to submit the request to the server, the dimension of the file acquired, the numerical code indicating the status of the reply given by the server successful, error, etc. and other parameters relating to the operating system and the user s computer. these data are used for the sole purpose of collecting anonymous statistical information regarding enjoyment of the site and to check its proper operation, and they are deleted immediately after processing. the data could be used to ascertain responsibility in the case of hypothetical computer offences against the site: except for this possibility, at present data concerning web contacts do not remain in being for more than seven days. the use of session cookies is restricted to optimizing enjoyment of the site and is aimed exclusively at guaranteeing the most effective navigation.
__label__non_math	0.9993	is the online price the same as in store price? our goal is to offer the best possible prices on doitbest.com as well as in our do it best stores. sometimes an online price will not match a price that is offered in your local store.the local price may require additional handling, may not be available or may have other factors that influence the price difference from the online price. please note: prices shown on doitbest.com are online prices only. products that are shown as available for ship-to-store may be shipped to stores that accept ship-to-store deliveries using the online price. payment is required at the time of order. your local do it best store may not honor online pricing found on doitbest.com. if you wish to purchase an item at your local store, the in-store pricing will apply.
__label__non_math	0.9994	founded in , the institute of documentary film idf is a non-profit training and networking centre based in prague, czech republic, focused on the support of east european documentary films and their wider promotion. our activities support filmmakers through all stages of completion development, funding, production, post-production, and distribution. we aim at individual filmmakers tailored consultations , groups of carefully selected professionals with projects or films ex oriente film, east european forum, east silver, doc launch, etc. , broader professional community east doc platform , as well as the general public portal we closely work with key int. festivals, broadcasters, distributors, sales agents, markets, or training initiatives and serve as the gateway to east european documentary film.
__label__non_math	1.0000	adecco engineering and technical, a division of the world leader in the recruitment of engineering and information technology professionals, has an immediate opening for an cnc machinist on a contract opportunity with a leading company in nj. summary the cnc machinist is responsible for producing optical components, using ultra precision equipment like diamond milling or turning machines as well as state of the art test equipment. principle duties responsibilities set up and operate specified machinery, create and troubleshoot cnc programs work closely with internal development group and vendors to qualify new products and processes. support production planners to set up new products. perform quality control of produced parts utilizing interferometric and contact measuring equipment, identify and resolve quality issues. experience minimum of two years experience in working with cnc-milling or -turning machines good inter-personal skills and ability to use a computer and standard software packages ms office are a plus if you are interested in this opportunity or other opportunities available through adecco engineering and technical, please apply online or email directly to email apply online about adecco north america adecco is a fortune global 500 company and the world leader in workforce solutions. our comprehensive service offering includes temporary and contract staffing, permanent recruitment, outplacement and career services, training and consulting. adecco is an equal opportunity employer. keywords: manufacturing related projectssearch for freelance jobs can t wait for more clients and advertising. thank you."
__label__non_math	0.9990	graphic designers required to design promotional materials for an events business. the successful candidate will be required to design posters logo s on an adhoc basis but with the possibility of becoming regular work. this is not a full time part-time job - only as and when required, therefore it could be suitable for graphic design students or professionals with a spare time to undertake additional work. candidates will be required to show a portfolio of previous designs. no large portfolio is required so long as the candidate can demonstrate competence in graphic design. pay basis market rates - also depending on experience negotiable when meet over the phone no formal applications, just reply to the ad's email leaving your name, phone number and a portfoio of artwork. if of interest we will contact you to discuss this position further. keywords: creative, media, design in this project you compete with other providers. the best outcome is chosen by the buyer and its provider is rewarded. for more information see the faq. use the "project type" filter on the left to filter all contest projects.in this project you place a bid to offer the price you wish to receive for performing it. the buyer chooses the provider by price and impression. for more information see the faq. use the "project type" filter on the left to filter all bidding projects.
__label__non_math	1.0000	dte has changed, coachbook is here dte has changed, coachbook is here. create your own profiles, chat to other... read more8th mar signing up to don't travel empty gives you access to our unique community of coach operators. save money by filling your empty journey legs, reduce environmental impact and make sure that you are protected by our affordable and effective passenger recovery service. with a simple sign-up process and two levels of membership, join don't travel empty today to become part of a growing network of coach operators. "job covered, panic over "it's official, i love your site" david ogden coaches. "a minute success rate, you should be very proud of what you have done and we are very happy to be one of your members"
__label__non_math	0.9999	downton abbey: lady mary crawley a native of essex, england, michelle dockery graduated from england's guildhall school of music drama in . she then spent months at london's national theatre before she landed her breakthrough role as eliza doolittle in peter hall's production of pygmalion at london's renowned old vic theatre. a jazz singer, michelle and her downton abbey on-screen mother elizabeth mcgovern share a passion for music. they have recorded together and michelle has appeared with elizabeth's band 'sadie and the hotheads' for several festival appearances. michelle's other television credits include terry pratchett's the hogfather, the british trilogy red riding, masterpiece's return to cranford and the turn of the screw. she appeared in the feature film hanna, and is slated to appear in tom stoppard's upcoming anna karenina alongside masterpiece alums keira knightly doctor zhivago and matthew macfadyen any human heart . michelle dockery at the internet movie database
__label__non_math	1.0000	what type of doodle s do you have? what are their names? tell us about your doodle s or any other pets you have i have an f1b labradoodle named sarge where did you get your doodle s ? why did you choose a doodle rather than another breed or mix? because a labradoodle is a mix between two of the smartest breeds. what are your favorite things to do with your doodles? play and snuggle. does your doodle s shed? a little bit but nothing major who grooms your doodle s ? favorite doodle products? would you be willing to dog sit on occasion for other doodlekisses members? you are not committing to anything by saying yes - you are just saying you might be willing to do this if you were acquainted with the other member and the circumstances were right. hi caitlin i love all the photos of your beautiful family, including that sweety pie sarge. he looks like a little lamb welcome caitlin and sarge join us sometime
__label__non_math	1.0000	product type: other board games newest review: ... a mood a bit of fun author name: popmusicfan date: , updated on review reads advantages: easy to play disadvantages: some small parts could present a choking hazard this is a fun game. i remember it from my childhood the objective of the game is to place as many items on the horse before he bucks his back legs at you the game is easy to play and a lot of fun as you never know when he's going to kick the parts are easy to put onto the horse as there are plenty of places to try to balance them. you can hang them on his tail, his ears or his coat. the horse is pretty durable too although i remember breaking one of the ears off mine, oops the game isn't very educational but it passes the time and presents hand and eye co ordination. children can play the game either by themselves or with their friends and or family. the game is easy to set up and easy to take down and store. it's been around for years and they keep updating it to keep it modern, fresh and up to date. a classic board game. summary: a classic more reviews in the field of board game - thankfully it's not a slimy slug - chasing the right answers - rap rat - the video board game - look, it's handy manny - snakes and ladders anyone? - mystery moshling - it's big - you don't have to face the governess, beast, barrster or the sinnerman, you just ... - walk with flippers, row a boat, and play the drums
__label__non_math	0.9900	picture body paint boba fettfebruary , she's the sexiest bounty hunter in the galaxy. besides ig-of course. picture cute girl in a yoda backpackaugust , "look, i'm not questioning the guy, but his last, like, thirty padawans have all been redheads. old man's got a type, is all i'm saying." picture r2-d2 cosplay duoaugust , she's a girl disguised as a droid, he's a droid disguised as a waste bin. picture stormtrooper gets a kissaugust , ladies love a clone in uniform. picture at-at rose tattooaugust , "these two roses perfectly symbolize my inner duality. and this at-at is frickin' awesome."
__label__non_math	1.0000	when news happens get involved. send your pictures, views and video to us by text and email - search notices evelyn joan white published in the dorset echo on june evelyn joan white diana, terry and family would like to thank everyone who attended joan's thanksgiving service and for all the lovely cards and messages of condolence received. special thanks to gordon and david peach and colin white for the sincere service in celebration of joan's life. also thank you to all the carers and staff of westhaven house and to alan quatermaine of woods funeral service for his sensitive and professional care with the arrangements. please accept this as our personal message of thanks. there are no messages for this notice. leave a message log in with there are no gifts for this notice. offer a virtual gift fields marked with are mandatory. remember you are personally responsible for what you post on this site and must abide by our site terms. do not post anything that is false, abusive or malicious. if you wish to complain about a particular message, please use the 'report this post' link.
__label__non_math	1.0000	when news happens get involved. send your pictures, views and video to us by text and email magpies' reserves on a high after back-to-back wins dorchester res wimborne res boosted by a number of first-team faces, dorchester town reserves recorded back-to-back wins in the wyvern premier league. no fewer than seven senior squad members turned out at the greene king ipa community stadium as the magpies ran out -winners against their wimborne town counterparts. recent acquisition arran pugh captained the side, fit-again full-back jake smeeton made his first appearance since april while the likes of nick crittenden, harrison bell, jamie symes, elliot ward and jon garcia maintained their match-sharpness by gaining valuable minutes. but it was the reserve-team regulars who grabbed the headlines with alex godfey, josh tennant and antony carlile all on the mark for dave kiteley s charges. the second-string boss said: when they saw our line-up they must have thought crikey but full credit to wimborne, they were a young side and they worked extremely hard and made life difficult for us. but it was comfortable in the end and we created a lot of chances. i wasn t going to criticise the lads for the chances we missed though, as we worked their keeper and he made some great saves from the likes of nick, jake, josh and alex. the biggest thing was seeing people like jake getting minutes under their belt. he is a bit rusty but he missed the whole of pre-season and it was his first competitive game since the end of last season so it will take two or three games for him to reach his usual fitness levels. arran also played and showed up very well. we lost calvin brooks to injury before the game so it was a good experience for aston butcher to play alongside someone of arran s ability. nick got minutes as well and i could watch him all day as he oozes class and is a top pro. goals-wise it was good to see three of the reserve players get on the scoresheet. we only had four in the starting line-up and that included our goalkeeper dan floyd. good work from crittenden down the right flank saw the flying winger whip in a superb cross that was fired home at the back post by godfrey for the opening goal. wimborne responded by restoring parity but back came the hosts and they regained their slender advantage prior to the break when tennant grabbed his second goal in as many outings after charging down an attempted clearance. chances came and went as the visiting gloveman did his level best to keep wimborne in the game. but with minutes remaining, the points were made safe when substitute carlile controlled another crittenden centre before turning and finding the back of the net. dorchester town reserves go in search of a third successive victory when they entertain salisbury city on tuesday night. magpies: floyd, bell, smeeton, butcher, pugh, symes, crittenden, ward gape , tennant carlile , godfrey, garcia. subs not used: kimber, taylor, twyford.
__label__non_math	0.9096	every champion deserves a symbol worthy of their victory. following the exciting conclusion of the international, we began work on an award to honor the names of the tournament s victorious. we knew that such a prize needed to be substantial in both size and character, and that it should be able to carry the names of future champions for years to come. having seen the superb craftsmanship of the weapons and props for the lord of the rings emerge from the hands of the artists at weta, we felt it was a natural decision to approach the academy awards-winning physical effects studio to create the grand prize for the international. weta has an unparalleled talent for taking fantasy and transforming it into reality. our design brief to weta consisted of a fully rendered 3d model of the aegis of champions, complete with conceptual artwork and several ideas to work from. the goal was to create a stunning bronze and silver artifact that would look at home in the world of dota while also acting as a historical record of the tournament s victories. we also wanted it to be something that would be useful in a sword fight as sword fights happen a lot around the valve offices . inspired by norse and chinese design themes, we intended the shield to feel as eclectic as our hero line-up while still maintaining a sophisticated and clean overall design. since the aegis is both a functional shield and a trophy, its circular silhouette is broken by a pair of concave indentations allowing a for a natural grip when the victorious hold it over their head. the most striking feature of the aegis of champions is its central relief, which depicts the constant struggle between the dire and radiant forces. the result is a unique object of profound beauty that is truly worthy of celebrating, and protecting, the best of the best. constructing the aegis of champions involved the work of many skilled artists as well as the use of a number of tools and machines. each step in its formation, from determining the scale of the shield, to building the casts, to deciding the right materials to be used, involved a pain- staking level of detail and collaboration. once the size had been determined, it was time to prepare the 3d model for the cnc milling machines. this is a process weta uses often to produce a physical object from a 3d file. from a solid piece of tooling board emerges a fully formed physical object, albeit still a bit rough around the edges. even if the end result is a one-off, as is the case with the aegis of champions, the development process often requires up to copies to be made for approvals purposes, different stylistic treatments and comparisons. once everything is finalized, the completed aegis is made ready for presentation. the finished aegis of champions was assembled from a variety of materials chosen for their strength and beauty, creating an enduring trophy for the dota community. the bulk of the shield is cold cast bronze which has been inlaid with hand-tooled leather. the central battle motif is surrounded by cured dragon s skin, and made from pure electroplated silver. on the reverse is affixed the winners plaque, large and circular, pressed from a single sheet of sterling silver and engraved with the names and handles of each player on the winning teams. after pouring more than three hundred hours of passion and creativity into the aegis of champions, the ultimate prize for victory in the international was finally complete. we are very proud of the work and energy weta has put into producing this iconic symbol for the dota community. in addition to the aegis of champions, weta will also be producing exceptionally detailed replicas of vanguard, butterfly and demon edge, as well as a statue of the hero axe. these collector s items, brought into our world by the skill of weta artisans, are now available for pre-order. as a grunt in the army of red mist, mogul khan set his sights on the rank of red mist general. in battle after battle he proved his worth through gory deed. his rise through the ranks was helped by the fact that he never hesitated to decapitate a superior. the tales called butterfly a blade of betrayal, for it is said that in the hands of the uncertain, swinging the sword brings with it a promise of disaster. to use the blade properly it is said one must trust it completely, allowing it to wield the user. demon edge has passed from hand to hand, though only a hero may carry her for long. for in this single weapon, the warring ancients vie. what lesser mortal can hope to wield such power? the hellwether emblem of the vanguard is familiar to all who fight and bleed in the contested lands. inscribed with ancient runes of protection, this shield of the vanguard was discovered to provide its bearer with magical protection against damage.
__label__non_math	0.9987	subscribe in a reader your email address:powered by feedblitz amish tripathi: the oath of the vayuputras: shiva trilogy shiva trilogy dan brown: the lost symbol dick francis: the edge christopher paolini: brisingr inheritance, book sun shuyun: ten thousand miles without a cloud umberto eco: the name of the rose jonathan stroud: ptolemy's gate the bartimaeus trilogy, book jonathan stroud: the golem's eye the bartimaeus trilogy, book jonathan stroud: the amulet of samarkand the bartimaeus trilogy, book enhanced data generator v . download it from there are also some nice updated demos of the capabilities at including a nice interactive video mixer app called firework interactive video. posted by anand mukundan on at in microsoft, web tech trackback url for this entry: listed below are links to weblogs that reference ie9 released you can follow this conversation by subscribing to the comment feed for this post. this is only a preview. your comment has not yet been posted. the letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. please try again. as a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. this prevents automated programs from posting comments. having trouble reading this image? view an alternate. comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. urls automatically linked. name and email address are required. email address will not be displayed with the comment. name is required to post a comment please enter a valid email address
__label__non_math	0.9990	these discussion forums are dedicated to the discussion of the dotnetnuke web application framework. for the benefit of the community and to protect the integrity of the project, please observe the following posting guidelines: . no advertising. this includes promotion of commercial and non-commercial products or services which are not directly related to dotnetnuke. . discussion or promotion of dotnetnuke product releases under a different brand name are strictly prohibited. . no flaming or trolling. . no profanity, racism, or prejudice. . site moderators have the final word on approving removing a thread or post or comment. . english language posting only, please.
__label__non_math	0.9619	voskreseniye cemetery - kamsack district, saskatchewan the following is a transcription of the voskreseniye doukhobor cemetery located miles south of kamsack, saskatchewan. rural municipality of cote no. 271. land location: sw west of first. latitude: .541. longitude: 101 .117. transcribed by jonathan j. kalmakoff with fred s. petroff fred j. strelieff. voskreseniye voskresenovka cemetery was established in by the doukhobors of voskreseniye village near kamsack. after the abandonment of the village in , the cemetery continued to be used by local doukhobors until the late 's. it is no longer in active use and is badly overgrown. it is privately owned. the cemetery is approximately half an acre in size and is unenclosed. there is dense scrub and brush throughout. the cemetery contains approximately interments in a single section comprised of five rows facing east-west. the vast majority of graves have no marker, however, many of the mounds are still clearly visible. i have used death certificates to identify two of these. the remaining or so unmarked graves are unidentified. with respect to graves with markers, the markers are typically plain, upright marble or slate headstones. click here for an online cemetery map. to access the cemetery site, travel south from kamsack on highway no. for miles .km . the cemetery is on the east side of the highway, approximately 100 yards .m from the road allowance. it is situated immediately east of the power line right-of-way. this cemetery site is on private property and permission to access should be obtained by the owners. in addition, the following families resided in voskreseniye village and may have members buried in voskreseniye cemetery: popoff, novokshonoff, makasaeff, wishloff, rezansoff, dubasoff, konkin, stooshnoff, medvedoff, tikonoff, cheveldaeff, hancheroff, parakin, verabioff, shikinoff, kazakoff, kinakin, nichvolodoff. various sources of data have been used in compiling this information including: marker transcriptions, death certificates and oral tradition. special thanks to gary moriarty for assisting in locating the cemetery. this is a work in progress. if readers have any comments, corrections or additions with respect to voskreseniye cemetery, please contact jonathan j. kalmakoff.
__label__non_math	0.9969	in the words of canadian poet anne simpson, poetry dares us to locate the white heat in ourselves, but that isn t enough: it dares us to translate that searing heat into language that can burn the page in psaltery lyre, we want to publish poetry that burns the page or the screen . we want poems that push the borders of faith and doubt, sacred and secular. above all, we seek excellence. the monotheists of the old testament used the psaltery to accompany religious verses think psalms . the pagans of ancient greece played the lyre while singing passionate love lyrics think sapphic odes . in psaltery lyre, the sacred and profane share a bed. if you are interested in submitting to psaltery lyre, please see our submissions page. happy reading
__label__math	0.9956	typical performance properties of dielectric constant, loss factor, specific resistance, and dielectric strength are excellent and do not vary much with changes in temperature. dielectric constant and loss factor depend very little on the frequency. did you know ... by replacing some of the methyl groups attached to the siloxane backbone with other organic groups, it is possible to obtain a wide range of different properties organically modified silicones.
__label__non_math	0.9643	the extra-strong downhill version. it has all of the freeride features plus a double carcass and particularly strong snake bite protection. it all adds up to more stability at the lowest pressure. all downhill tires are equipped with double carcass, snake bite protection, limited slip technology and snakeskin. except of dirty dan who is just produced with gooey gluey, you have two compounds to choose. all of our freeride tires enjoy this technology: snakeskin, triple od gooey compound, snake bite protection, limited slip technology. in comparison to our dh-tires, the freeride version is equiped with a folding wire, a smaller snakebite-protection-layer and a single-ply carcass. this saves 200-300gramms. looking for honest performance? want good quality and low weight? don t need anything too extreme, or the latest technology? then try the performance version of our mtb tires. compared with our downhill tires, the performance version offers you a worldcup-proven tread for a small price. muddy mary and big betty are available in these versions for all-day-use. they are featured with orc compound, epi-carcass and a wired bead. for double-carcass, snakeskin and snakebite-protection please choose the downhill-version. what tube is the perfect choice for my ride? a tube is not just a tube airtightness. apart from the quality of the ingredients, the purity of the rubber mixture is crucial to the quality of the tube. the base material is therefore sieved at enormous pressure through seven filters before being extruded. all tubes are inserted into a mould and inflated for vulcanization to ensure constant wall thickness and high air pressure retention. reliability. all tubes are inflated and stored for hours in order to test for air pressure retention. afterwards each, individual tube undergoes a careful visual inspection. this special quality control helps prevent unpleasant surprises and is why, over many years, schwalbe tubes have become highly respected for outstanding reliability by bicycle dealers. triple nano compound triple nano compound: the three-way optimal rubber mixture. light rolling base. durable center. grippy shoulders. nano particles improve grip and rolling resistance - particularly effective in the dynamic center compound. the perfect choice for stony and dry conditions. limited slip technology l.s.t. limited slip technology l.s.t. : the tire bead has a special rubber coating that effectively reduces the tire slipping on the rim. snakeskin: a clearly visible feature of our freeride and downhill tires. the outer side wall coating consists of a snakeskin fabric instead of heavy rubber. just as durable, but clearly lighter. snake bite protection snake bite protection: side pinch-puncture protection provides safety and stability. it saves you from flats, but is also very flexible for a good feeling . what does the tread do? off road, the tread is very important. in this situation the tread establishes an interlocking cog-like connection with the ground and enables the transmission of all driving, braking and steering forces. what is a tire made of? there are three basic parts to a bicycle tire, the carcass, the bead core and the rubber tire tread. furthermore, almost all schwalbe-tires have a puncture protection belt. the carcass is a rubberized textile fabric, which is laid around the bead cores. the carcass is then coated with a rubber compound. the tire tread is applied and the whole assembly is vulcanized. the bead core of the tire determines its diameter and ensures a secure fit on the rim. generally the bead core of a tire is made of steel wire. in folding tires, the steel wire is replaced with a hoop of kevlar fiber. the advantage is that the tire can be folded and that, depending on the size, its weight can be reduced by to g. all schwalbe carcasses are made of nylon. the density of the carcass fabric is expressed in epi or tpi ends per inch, threads per inch . the range of carcasses used for schwalbe tires are , , , and 120 epi. generally, tires with denser fabric are more resistant to punctures and roll better. yet the ultra-fine 120 epi carcass is more susceptible because the individual filaments are very fine. the best compromise for low weight and resistance is around to epi. the rubber compound of a tire is composed of several components: - natural and synthetic rubber - fillers, e.g. carbon black, chalk, silica - softeners, e.g. oils and greases - anti-ageing agents aromatic amines - vulcanizing aids, e.g. sulphur - vulcanization accelerators; e.g. zinc oxide - pigments and dyes - innovation and passion depending on the compound, the composition is roughly - rubber, - fillers, with the other components accounting for the rest. what do the various size markings on bicycle tires mean? nowadays, bicycle tires sizes should all fall in line with etrto s european tire and rim technical organization tire and rim standards. yet the older english and french tire size markings are still used. an etrto size marked -559 indicates the width of mm and the tire inner diameter of 559 mm. this designation is clear and allows an unequivocal match with the corresponding rim size. inch sizes can also follow the pattern x ., which, in this case indicates only tire s outer diameter and the tire s section width. the tire inner width can be different from tire to tire. lots of non-european tire manufacturer produce their tires smaller than we do. every schwalbe tire falls in line with the etrto so it could be that the same size of a schwalbe tire is much wider than your old one. vom apr. scott ?boom boom? beaumont and katy curd wins schwalbe british 4x... our teamriders scott beaumont and katy just won the first round o... more vom mar. mountain states cup championship series the mountain states cup has set the stage for with new venue... more vom mar. schwalbe to sponsor british 4x and euro 4x series you can check out the info at: and more
__label__non_math	0.9837	river past crazi video for psp . river past crazi video for psp is a batch video converter specifically designed for psp. convert video from dvd chapters, 3gpp 3gpp2, asf, avi, dat vcd , divx, dv, flc, animated gif, matroska mkv, quicktime mov, mp4 mpeg- , mpeg-, ogg media ogm, realmedia rm ram and wmv to psp mp4. it automatically set the video resolution, audio sample rate and channel, and video and audio bitrate for you to play on playstation portable. see also: gif, bmp, animated gif, transcoder, transcode, fix, repair, timecode, movie, windows media video, wmv, rm, ram, ogm, ogg media, mpeg-, mpg, mpeg-, mp4, mov, qt, quicktime, matroska mkv, ivf, gif, animated, animation, flic, fli, flc, dv, divx, vcd, dat, avi, asf, 3gpp2, 3gpp, convert, converter, conversion, video, software, mpeg-, mp4, psp, jpg, jpeg, mp4, mpeg- imtoo psp video converter 126...1990b see also: avi to mp4, psp video converter, mpeg to mp4, mpeg to psp yasa dvd to psp converter 188..131.525 yasa dvd to psp converter can rip dvd video both video and audio streams of dvd video into psp video format and other various video formats. a large number of video formats are supported including mp4 avi mpeg wmv divx rm mov psp video ipod video mpeg-mpeg-mpeg-asf 3gpp 3gpp2 and so on; also, yasa dvd to psp converter can rip dvd video into audio formats including mp3 mp2 wma wav ac3 m4a ogg etc. psp video transfer has been included. see also: dvd, video, converter, mpeg4, mpeg2, mpeg1, svcd, divx, mpeg, avi, vcd, mpeg-, ipod, psp yasa dvd to ipod converter 184.108.. yasa dvd to ipod converter can rip dvd video both video and audio streams of dvd video into ipod video format and other various video formats. a large number of video formats are supported including mp4 avi mpeg wmv divx rm mov psp video ipod video mpeg-mpeg-mpeg-asf 3gpp 3gpp2 and so on; also, yasa dvd to ipod converter can rip dvd video into audio formats including mp3 mp2 wma wav ac3 m4a ogg etc. psp video transfer has been included. see also: dvd, video, converter, mpeg4, mpeg2, mpeg1, svcd, divx, mpeg, avi, vcd, mpeg-, psp, ipod avs smart converter . avs smart converter is full-featured wizard-styled video converter. convert easily your favorite video and transfer it than to your portable device psp, ipod, mobile phone, etc. . avs smart converter will do all the conversion job for you with just several mouse clicks. it brings the "learning curve" for high quality video converting down to zero. see also: multimedia, video, converter, convert, capture, editor, burn, encoder, avi, mpeg, vob, wmv, rm, dvd, ipod, psp, pmp, mobile phones, portable device avs video converter . convert, split, join, remove commercials, edit, rotate, add logo, cut scenes, apply effects, extract audio tracks and images, capture, transfer, copy, rip and burn dvd and video files with avs video converter see also: multimedia, video, converter, capture, editor, burn, encoder, player, avi, mpeg, vob, wmv, rm, dvd, psp, apple ipod aom mp4 converter . aom mp4 converter is a fast and easy to use video to mp4 conversion product which helps you convert video to mp4 mpeg4 with great stability, with it's simple -step process you can convert videos in just minutes, such as convert avi to mp4, mpeg to mp4, wmv to mp4, rm, rmvb, mov, asf, mpg, mpe, m1v, mpv2, dat, vob etc to mp4 for play on mp4 player, ipod, psp, 3gp mobile phone, or other portable video device. download and try it free see also: aom mp4 converter, psp, ipod, 3gp, mp4 video, mp4 video converter, m4a audio, mp4 player, video converter, convert video, convert, converter, avi, mpeg, mpeg1, mpeg2, mpeg3, mpeg4, mpg, mp2, mp3, mp4, aac, wmv, asf, movie, video, vob, aac, xvid, divx, dvd top video to flash converter . top video to flash converter is a powerful tool to convert video to flv flash streaming video . additionally, it can also convert video to avi, mpeg, mov or wmv formats. most video formats can be converted, including divx, xvid, avi, wmv, mpg, mpeg, mp4, flv, 3gp, asf, rm, rmvb, mov, asx, svcd, vcd, vob and others. an ideal solution converting videos, web publishing and web casting. easy-to-use and batch job processing is fully supported. see also: top video to flash converter, video to flash converter, video to flash, video to flv, video converter, flv, flash, movie, video, converter, convert, video to avi, video, to mp4, to wmv, to mpg, to mpeg, ipod, psp, 3gp, mp4, avi, mpeg, mpg, wmv, rm, pcsoftware1, .6te.net softpepper psp video converter . softpepper psp video converter is a simple, smart and powerful video-to-psp converting program. with softpepper psp video converter, you can easily convert all popular video formats to mp4 format for psp, save your video and dvd for psp and upload it automatically with our built-in psp uploader see also: psp video converter, convert video to psp, psp video converting, dvd to psp, dvd to mp4 for psp, video to psp, avi to psp, mpeg to psp, mov to psp, mov to psp, wmv to psp, asf to psp, avi-psp converter, mpeg-psp converter, mpg-psp converter, avi, mpeg, mpg, asf, mov, wmv, avi to psp psp movie creator pro . psp movie creator pro helps you to convert psp video movies in one click. the software converts dvd movies and various video formats to sony psp directly. unlike other software which requires at least two steps to convert from dvd to psp, psp movie creator pro works in step and is faster with even better video quality. moreover, the converter gives you advanced video editing features not found anywhere else. see also: psp video, psp movies, psp dvd, video, videos, movie, movies, software, psp, converter, playstation portable, umd, dvd, downloads, film, ripper, tool, avi, divx convert dvd to wmv .. dvd to wmv converter is a powerful and easy-to-use tool for you to rip dvd movies to smaller video files with high quality, helpful for copying dvd to wmv video and dvd to wma audio with high quality. you can also only rip part of the huge movie file by specifying the target chapters or start stop timestamp.now you can backup dvds to your hard disk without worrying about the original disc, almost same quality, at just of the size see also: dvd to wmv, wmv converter, convert to wmv, dvd to wmv converter, dvd to avi, dvd to divx, audio to mp3, audio to aac, audio to m4a, mp4, aac, wmv, asf, avi to mpeg2, monkeytooner, wmv, mpeg1, mpeg2, mpeg-, psp, video, mpg, aac, mp3, mp2 dvd ipod psp zune avi wmv mpeg xvid divx rm mov vob 3gp mp4 video converter suite . dvd ipod psp zune avi wmv mpeg xvid divx rm mov vob 3gp mp4 video converter suite zune video manager is designed to convert your favorite movies from avi , divx, mov, mpeg, quicktime, vcd, dvd, wmv, asf, rm, rmvb see also: dvd ripper, ipod, psp, zune, avi, wmv, mpeg, xvid, divx, rm, mov, vob, 3gp, mp4, video converter amostarsoft psp converter suite .. amostarsoft psp converter suite is a all-in-one solution to convert dvd, tivo, divx, mpeg, wmv, avi, realmedia and many more to psp video. super fast dvd conversion speed. wmv, mpeg-and h.264 support with high video quality plus advanced video editing features gives you everything you need to turn psp into a portable media center. see also: avi to psp, divx to psp, mov to psp, wmv to psp, rm to psp, mpeg to psp, 3gp to psp, psp video converter, psp mp4, dvd to psp, psp converter goto psp video converter .. a powerful psp mpeg4 video converter psp burner with fast working speed in burning movie to psp and downloading movie to psp. now you can get this psp mpeg4 video converter at a very competitive price see also: avi to psp, divx to psp, mov to psp, wmv to psp, rm to psp, mpeg to psp, 3gp to psp, psp video converter, psp mp4 converter accelerate dvd video to psp converter accelerate dvd to psp converter video to psp converter: any video you watch on pc can be put on psp. it converts almost all formats of video files that are already on your computer avi, mpg, mpeg, asf, wmv, mov, 3gp, amr, flv, flic, swf, rm, rmvb etc. and dvd movies into a format that's compatible with psp video, that is, psp mp4 format. the latest upgraded version .fully supports real media ver , , , and apple's mov files. see also: dvd to psp, video to psp, convert dvd, convert video to psp, psp converter, psp, to psp, video psp, psp movie, psp video, psp video converter, psp movie converter, convert, converter, avi, mpeg4, mpg, mp3, mp4, wmv, asf, divx, dvd, acceleratesoft, pcsoftware1 cnc dvd to 3gp converter . dvd to 3gp converter is powerful, easy to use dvd to 3gp conversion software that helps you rip dvd to 3gpp 3g2 video format and audio formats mp3 with excellent quality. you can convert dvd movies to 3gp directly and play it on mobile phone see also: dvd to 3gp, dvd to mobile converter, dvd to zune, dvd to mobile phone, audio to mp3, audio to aac, audio to m4a, mp4, aac, wmv, asf, avi to mpeg2, wmv, mpeg1, mpeg2, mpeg-, psp, video, mpg, aac, mp3, xvid, convert avi to mpeg4, 3gp em mznsoft power video converter . mznsoft power video converter is a high speed and easy-to-use conversion tools for convert audio, video and dvd files avi, mpg, mpeg, wmv, mp4, m4v, asf, mov, qt, 3gp, dat, ogm, flv, wav, mp3, wma, ogg, ape, m4a, mpc, wv, amr, ac3, au, rm, rmvb, vro to avi, mpeg, mov, wmv, mp4, ipod, psp, iphone, blackberry, apple tv, ps3, xbox360, creative zen, archos, iriver, 3gp, flv, wav, mp3, wma, m4a, amr. see also: video converter, audio converter, dvd converter, avi, mpg, wmv, mov, asf, dat, mp4, 3gp, m4v, ipod, psp, swf, flv boilsoft dvd ripper .. boilsoft dvd ripper is a easy and useful dvd ripping software developed to rip and convert your favorite dvd movie to avi xvid, divx , wmv support wmv video codec and audio codec , vcd, svcd, mp3, mpeg2, mp4 for mp4 player like ipod, ipad, psp, ps3 or smartphone etc with lossless quality. this dvd copier can also backup dvd to hard drive and make you enjoy them anytime without dvd discs. see also: dvd ripper, rip dvd, dvd converter, dvd backup, dvd clone, convert dvd, dvd copy, dvd to avi ripper, rip dvd to wmv, dvd to dvd, rip dvd to vcd, dvd to divx, dvd to mpeg, dvd to ipod, dvd to psp etesoft psp video converter ..908. etesoft psp video converter is a powerful and easy to use psp video conversion software that can create psp-compatible videos audios from nearly all popular video and audio formats, including mpeg-, h.264 avc, mkv, avi, wmv, divx, xvid, mov, 3gp, flv, asf, dvd, vcd, svcd, wav, mp3, wma, aac and more. various optimized psp mpeg-and psp h.264 avc profiles are offered to help you to get best psp video effect. see also: video converter, psp video converter, dvd converter, dvd, mpeg, mp4, avc, h264, avi, divx, xvid, 3gp, 3gpp, 3gpp2, ipod, iphone, zune, psp, ps3 ziiosoft rm rmvb webm mp4 converter .. ziiosoft rm rmvb webm mp4 converter is a high speed and easy-to-use conversion tools for convert video files avi, divx, xvid, mpeg, mpg, dat, vob, wmv, mp4, flv, mkv, mov, asf, 3gp, rm, rmvb, m4v, qt, ogm, f4v, dvr-ms, ts, amv, mts, mt2s, m2v, rmf, sf2 to avi, mpeg, mov, wmv, mp4, 3gp, ipod, ipad, psp, iphone, zune, htc, blackberry, apple tv, ps3, xbox360, creative zen, archos, iriver, swf , flv and mp3. see also: free video converter, video converter, avi converter, ipod converter, mp4 converter, 3gp converter, iphone converter, psp converter, webm converter
__label__non_math	0.9984	on august , the washington post ran a story on the post- technology investments at the fbi. the story concludes, five years after the terrorist attacks and more than million later, agents still rely largely on the paper reports and file cabinets used since federal agents began chasing gangsters in the 1920s. as part of the agency s enormous trilogy project, a proposed virtual case file system designed to help agents share terrorist threat information was scrapped after million and four years of development. the post story details the management lapses and lack of oversight at both the fbi and contractor saic that led to the breakdown and waste of taxpayer dollars probably why companies like saic get the moniker beltway bandits . a few of the all-too-common government failings relayed in the article: - the contractor, saic, burned through federal taxpayer money at a furious clip, with little effort to control costs. - the scope and cost of the project continued to grow once it was underway. - the fbi conducted little oversight of the project, and failed to provide clear direction to the contractor, despite the project s obvious importance to national security. the federal government simply cannot manage large, complex tasks with any degree of efficiency. the list of multi-billion dollar failures of technology, highway, and weapons projects grows longer all the time.
__label__math	0.9718	adria lng, initially a joint venture between e.on ruhrgas . , total . , omv . , rwe . and geoplin , was formed in october to study the development of an lng regasification terminal in croatia. proposed for the island of krk on the croatian coast, the aria lng terminal will receive and vaporize lng from a number of suppliers. it will distribute the natural gas to the european market through a new pipeline system. construction plans for the terminal include an lng unloading dock, storage tanks, pumps, vaporizing equipment, temporary storage and a pipeline system linking the natural gas to existing pipelines. construction is expected to take three years. with an lng capacity of billion cubic meters per year, the terminal will accept approximately 100 lng tankers a year. additionally, the facility is being built with the option of increasing capacity to billion cubic meters per year. the total project cost estimates are approximately 890 million to .billion. according to an , dow jones newswires article, rwe decided to withdraw from the project and offer its shares to the remaining partners. the final decision on whether to move forward with the adria lng terminal is expected sometime in , according to the report. the terminal is expected to be operational by late .
__label__non_math	1.0000	american furniture decorative arts auctionwednesday, at consignments are currently to have your property evaluated for possible consignment in the next auction, please contact:david a. gallager svp, director, american furniture 212-427-, ext 271 anne cohen depietro director, american paintings 212-427-, ext 281 media contactlouis leb. webre svp, marketing media 212-427-, ext 232 including property fromcollection of candice bergen estate of a titled lady estate of helen s. cooper and herman e. cooper estate of joan von koschembahr estate of robert c. graham, sr. property from an upper east side, new york estate property of a california collector property of a collector, formerly from his paris apartment property of a new york lady property of a texas estate related articlesread more about this category junius brutus stearns american, the meeting of tecumseh and william henry harrison at vincennes tecums... carousels jpg sold for ,500 reuben rowley american, fl. portrait of a young girl with a coral necklace, inscribed no. 56d... carousels jpg sold for ,625 chippendale cherry chest on chest carousels jpg sold for ,000 xanthus russell smith american, bombardment and capture of fort hatteras, nc, carousels jpg sold for ,250 chinese export green fitzhugh porcelain table service carousels jpg sold for ,000 andrew george winter american, happy lobstering ground, whitehead island, lower penobscot bay, carousels jpg sold for ,750 molded and cut colorless glass pokal with sulphide profile portrait of george washington carousels jpg sold for ,500 federal inlaid mahogany butlers chest carousels jpg sold for ,000 chippendale walnut slant front desk carousels jpg sold for ,750 junius brutus stearns' depiction of 'the meeting of tecumseh and harrison at vincennes' tops doyle new york's auction of american furniture and decorative arts on late 18th century chippendale cherry chest on chest achieves ,000 chinese export green fitzhugh porcelain table service achieves ,000 sale totals over amid competitive bidding doyle new york's auction of american furniture and decorative arts, including paintings and prints showcased important american furniture and decorative arts from the colonial period through the federal and classical styles. silver, ceramics, mirrors, chinese export porcelain, american indian art, and rugs were also offered. with competitive bidding from buyers in the salesroom, on the telephones and via the internet, the sale totaled 479,000-729,000, with a strong sold by lot and sold by value. highlighting the sale was a masterful painting by junius brutus stearns depiction of the meeting of tecumseh and william henry harrison at vincennes that fetched ,500-,000 sold for a staggering ,000-,000 sold for ,250. an extensive 19th century chinese export green fitzhugh porcelain table service from the family of adaline havemeyer frelinghuysen, daughter of noted collectors and art patrons louisine and henry o. havemeyer sold for ,000-,000. american furniture featured a late 18th century chippendale cherry chest on chest which more than doubled its estimate of ,000. a federal inlaid mahogany butler's chest by new york cabinetmaker michael allison sold for ,000 well over its pre sale estimate of ,000-,000 also doubled its estimate at ,750. next americana auction: fall we invite you for a complimentary auction evaluation of your american furniture, decorative arts, paintings and prints doyle new york's next auction of american furniture and decorative arts, including paintings and prints is scheduled for fall . consignments are currently being accepted. we invite you to contact us for a complimentary auction evaluation. our specialists are always available to discuss the sale of a single item or an entire collection. for information, please contact: david e. gallager, american furniture decorative arts, 212-427-, ext. 271, or american anne depietro, american paintings, 212-427-, ext. 249, or paintings images and interviews are available upon request. media contactlouis leb. webre svp, marketing media 212-427-, ext 232 molded and cut colorless glass pokal with sulphide profile portrait of george washington height inches. sold for ,500
__label__non_math	0.9942	challenge has finished enter photographs of musicians, actors, dancers or other performers on stage. note: they must be on a stage or performance platform of some sort. the stage must be evident in the photograph in some way. see examples. sunday, 5th february, gmt sunday, 12th february, saturday, 18th february, gmt sunday, 19th february, saturday, 25th february, gmt capture date rules: maximum number of entries per user: maximum number of entries in challenge:
__label__non_math	0.9912	posted by bsj on , at : in reply to re: might opiates in moderation fight depresion?, posted by rxnurse on , at : i'll say straight up that i take wellbutrin plus 10mg of hydrocodone twice a day; i went through the antidepressant mill for five years before finding out how well hydrocodone works including a stint on adderall; i had to quit it because i started having panic attacks . as for addiction: amphetamine adderall is also considered an addictive drug, and in the two years i took it i had no problems. my dose was upped slightly around the month mark because tolerance does occur--as it does with all medications. i've yet to notice any tolerance at all with the hydrocodone, though, and it's been several months so far. the only drawback is that hydrocodone causes physical dependence--then again, so do ssris and effexor i ended up in the er when i went off paxil--they thought i was a junkie going through withdrawal until my psychiatrist showed up; paxil withdrawal is nasty in the extreme . for some people there may be a danger of psychological addiction, but in some cases opiates are simply as last resort to help restore someone's life. without hydrocodone, i'd probably be dead, and that's no exagerration. the drug works for me with a minimum of side effects. any psychiatrist who'd be reluctatant to prescribe opiates for a refractory case because of addiction worries should have his license revoked and be run out of town on a rail. then i guess even among psychiatists there are those who believe one is better dead than addicted; it's part of the modern-day drug mythology.
__label__non_math	0.9998	the objective is success for you, in the way that means the most to you. write good stuff. it is. we do. you will. writing is one of my passions. it borders on obsession. you'll understand that: the burning desire to express yourself, to free all these great stories that have nibbled away at you for years .... as an author, i'm probably best known for my popular series for girls about the sensational spylet, jane blonde. i've written several other children's books and am signed up to do many more, and i've also got several women's novels under my belt. before becoming an author, however, i spent nearly years in hr and training and development, winding up as director of t d for a huge telecommunications company. my other great love, you see, is helping other people to fulfil their dreams and their potential. since i've combined the writing and the development work in my consultancy, write good stuff a nod to my northern english roots for those who are further along, i provide manuscript assessments which point out pitfalls and priorities, and full copy-editing if required whatever it takes to get your work closer to publication. i have many clients who have done workshops and assessments and are now on to their next books, and seeing someone i've worked with become published is as great a thrill as seeing my own books in print if you'd like to be that person, it's all just a click away.
__label__non_math	0.9956	owning and handling a successful bed-and-breakfast business is each bb owners dream. many individuals successfully do this each day, unhappily nonetheless a major percentage of entrepreneurs in this industry suffer with burn out after a couple of years. it could be that you already possess a b and b or that you've an interest in purchasing one. -are you promoting your b and b based totally on its location? if you're rustic based you might be targeting people that are trying to find weekend getaways offering peace and tranquillity. there are several ideas for housing diverse birds- from parrots to finches. naturally it is going to be less expensive and unique if you make it yourself. to build up your own bird house you have got to get good diy abilities or you can use instant panels- 6ft high and 3ft wide, they're straightforward to work with. the birds you have decide the scale of the mesh. for finches, budgies and cockatiels it should be square half in. by .in., it is more safe. 16g mesh is great for senegals and conures, 14g or 12g mesh is great for macaws and cockatoos, two by two in. is acceptable for the bigger parrots and regularly it is cheaper. i've found you can find these boxes for sale thru credible firms they give you lots of suppleness when referring to new builds or even more to the point self builds. my plan is to buy a container which has been made especially for my wishes shower and toilet, kitchen, bedroom and storage area with heating, lighting, power supply, external lighting and steel shuttered security windows. click the link to go to info about diagonally opposite to the carriageway park, the centre has countless hotel rooms and roadhouses in walking distance which pander to all budgets and wants.continue reading inexpensive and lower cost hotel accommodation can be prepared for destinations all around the planet with a fast trip to the net. inexpensive and low cost airline flights are as important as inexpensive and reduced cost hotel accommodations since budget travel is all about saving money on all elements of the trip. if you contact your trip agent or spend a little time online you'll find costs that serve any budget. a ranking of one will be inexpensive, but accommodations may be rather more like a hotel setting rather than an honest to goodness hotel room. with so many package deals, last-minute deals and offers being made in the furiously competitive travel industry, it definitely pays to look around for the best costs on flights, accommodation, auto rental and cruises. the difficulty for travel purchasers is that all this snooping around can be laborious. all the reservations and arrangements can be made right from the site in seconds. if getting a reduced price is more vital than traveling on a particular date, consumers can select to look for fares round the desired date. there are deals for fun family holiday packages to destinations like disneyland, orlando and fort lauderdale, as well as beach and sun holidays in hawaii, puerto rico, miami or cancun, and casino packages including hotel and air travel to vegas, reno and puerto rico. the offer will be circulated to numerous hostels or airlines, and consumers receive their reply in seconds or less. , naturally, is costly and even in europe the rating is tough to acquire. in the us ratings and australia the ratings you'll find the ratings to be about the same, but most hostels do offer toilets. for budget accommodation, looks for motels along close by interstates and near to the aeroport. waterside hostels round the inner harbour area are among those most fascinating, though the mount vernon area is starting to become a similarly appealing place to remain.continue reading for such a long time period, you would like to be comfy in your selected accommodation but not need to overspend on it. the luxurious studio answers to both concerns : you get roomy and ultra-modern accommodation with no need to pay for excessive hotel rates. here is plenty more news about all you have got to do is find the travel sites that minister to your selected area and in a couple of seconds, you've got access to all the things you need not only regarding accommodations, and additionally to other facets of your vacation like attractions to see and activities to do. as fast as you find out you can go on a vacation, you can already start looking round for possible options. well-liked leisure activities among adults on breaks away by the coast are walking and cycling vacations, sailing and windsurfing. or why don't you enjoy a chilled cosmetic treatment at a local spa or spa. an interactive internet site cuts down the effort and time spent making a reservation. you would have an idea of how accommodating a selected accommodation actually is if they're eager in supplying you with weekly updates of any existing offers.continue reading these hostels are known for their generous rooms, leading-edge facilities, flamboyant interiors and royal hospitality. these -star and -star hostels afford the final word in luxury along with the heady fusion of thai culture and heat.continue reading social services can also ask family courts to give out emergency protection orders, care orders supervision order and secure accommodation orders, if they feel that it's in the childs interest. it's also got barristers that counsel their customers on prenuptial and post nuptial agreements. they can also provide guidance on cohabitation agreements or disputes, global family law, points related to unwed same sex couples, annulments, family companies or trusts, subordinate relief, allowance sharing, kid kidnapping and parental relocation abroad, domestic assault and persecution, mediation, compromise agreements, stipulation of trusts, lasting powers of solicitor, assistant ship applications, bigamy, force wedding, engagements, non valid unions, and cooperative law. options for groups go from single travelers wanting to join a bigger group, to team building exercises all customised to suit particular wishes.continue reading if you've got a second property that's let to rent you may need what is often known as a home owners policy. all policies will include cover against the major risks of fire, flood, tempest and burglary where contents covers have been included for furnished lets. most policies will also provide escape of water cover, loss of keys cover and property owners culpability cover. many policies now offer extra services like owners emergency cover which supplies twenty four hour on-site help for events like a broken down central boiler system boiler or a busted pipe. expert buildings like thatched cottages let for short term or holiday purposes, long term lets and grade one and two listed buildings may also be covered by a home owner policy. the gariep dam is also regarded as a great place for the youngsters. the forever gariep resort drakensberg accommodation is also an excellent place of entertainment for everyone. the most well liked catch in this area is the yellow fish. if you're pondering a vacation in sa, make certain to go check out gariep dam accommodation at boschrand guest farm.continue reading this place is brim-full of life hours each day. finding surfers nirvana residences there are numerous fantastic decisions for surfers nirvana accommodation. you can select these locations on the premise or point of your visit. those who need to stay close to the beaches should go for penthouse residences. these residences are found close to the beaches and supply well-proportioned rooms and activity areas. beside this, there are enormous heated and wading pools for youngsters. there are specific things which will dictate your decision and make it very easy. as an example accessibility, price or number of bedrooms, but there are others where you could be a bit flexible like precise location, facilities or star rating. residences are an excellent choice for many differing kinds of visitor and aside from missing some of the service facets of a hotel there may be many advantages for staying in residences. looking by location on a map can be great. you want to double check the locations because infrequently the info isnt precisely right. surfers nirvana is sort of well covered by google street view. four star and above is my general guide, but i'm going to look at a 3frac12, star if it has special facilities, looks engaging or is well found. residences typically have a restriction on the amount of folk permitted to stay, so this is the fine detail you want to examine after you've cut down the options. and then ultimately the choice boils down to a trade off between facilities and cost. in addition, it presents a barbeque kitchen, which is an interesting side of this attractive place. they offer almost all of the splendid facilities to make your stay the best. you not only relax, but also enjoy the fun activities and different water-based activities.continue reading there are approximately ,000,000 folks residing there. melbourne is found next to a cold sea and already has extremely hot inland parts. the mixture of the climate conditions creates a town that residents tag as having. the last recorded snow being in aug, . usually in winter, the town receives lots of frost and mist. visitors can select from a cosseting star hotel to a bare bones hiker hotel. as an example, the balgownie estate vineyard resort and spa is an excellent treat for any person requiring a getaway. different cures are offered to help an individual relax and put the tensions of day to day life away. stars means well-presented and well run and stars are awarded for a good level of quality and comfort. an firm would be awarded stars if it provides a good standard all though and stars if it is remarkable with a degree of luxury. for stars, they have to supply a lavatory or shower rooms for the single use of guests. here is a top resource on the subject of drakensberg accommodation. if the accommodation is to get a star award, then all bedrooms must be en-suite or have their own personal lavatory. there could be occasions where a b b or boarding house has phenomenal bedrooms and lavatories and other extremely special qualities, but can't achieve a higher star rating because, as an example, there aren't any en-suite loos or wash basins can't simply be installed in the bedrooms due, maybe, to the consequential nature of the property.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the grace and lace letter : christmas remembered love is patient, love is kind. it does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. it is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. love does not delight in evil but rejoices in the truth. it always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres. corinthians : - theres love, and then there is love. our english language sometimes lacks the precision of other languages such as greek. one simple english word may translate in a rich variety of ways, depending on the context. dont you love strawberry ice cream? make love, not war. i love my brother and sister. for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whosoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life. when paul wrote his marvelous passage in corinthians, he was not using the word eros, which was used to describe romantic, often sexual, feelings. nor was he using phileos, the love among friends. paul was using the word agape, and in his essay he describes beautifully the characteristics of agape-type love. the verse we first teach our children, "god is love," john : uses agape. this love god has for us is unconditional. we did nothing to deserve it, and we cannot force god to stop it. he loves us without question, and he loves us whether or not we measure up to his expectations. god does not say: i love you only if you keep every letter of my law. if you fail to keep even one part of it, i will no longer love you. jesus told the parable of the prodigal son in luke, chapter , to illustrate gods love for persons even though they make bad life choices. neither does god say: you are to hate people who dont behave exactly as you think i want them to behave. instead, jesus said: i tell you: love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you... if you love those who love you, what reward will you get? matthew : - and god does not say: i love everyone, but thats too hard for you to do. dont worry about it. just leave the difficult part to me. jesus said it this way: a new command i give you: love one another. as i have loved you, so you must love one another. john : we are to love others just as jesus loved us, with an agape love so much that he gave his life for us. this unconditional love is to be our most distinguishing characteristic. knowing that god wants us to love everyone, how do we transgendered christians respond? how do we react to the "love" of some persons who claim to be acting in the name of christ? it is especially devastating when those persons are our own families or our dearest friends. "i love you if," is their text. if you agree with us that what you are doing is a disgusting perversion, and if you promise never to do it again, then perhaps we can forgive you. if you turn away from this "lifestyle choice" and obey our expectations, we will include you in our lives. but if you persist in this ridiculous notion that you should be a woman rather than a man, then dont bother coming home for christmas, or when your father becomes ill, or when your child is married. these conditions are placed by persons who believe they speak the will of god. such conditional relationships do not seem to be consistent with the agape love of jesus. before we congratulate ourselves on our superior understanding of gods will, however, lets consider our own conditional love: i love you if you accept without question everything i have come to believe about my gender conflict. we dont need to seek counseling together. just take my word for it, since ive already thought it out myself. i love you if you are willing to change your own "lifestyle," moving from straight woman to lesbian to match my change from man to woman. i love you if you are willing to endure with me the criticism, the loss of friendships, the possible economic disaster of transition. what expectations we have for our loved ones our spouses didnt marry us with these expectations, and they truly may not be able to deal with it. can we continue to love them with agape unconditional love even when they cannot accept or love the person we are becoming? can we love those persons who believe they are acting in gods will by refusing to have further communication with us? many of us can tell of lifelong friends who no longer answer our letters or return our phone calls. one of my dearest friends has been rejected by her parents. they return to her the christmas presents she has carefully chosen for them, unopened, with no comment. how can she still feel agape love for them when they have not followed christs command to love her? i submit to you that we cannot have this love in our lives by our own will power. such love is possible only as we give god control of our lives. we love, because he first loved us. the king james bible translates this verse "we love him," but the word "him" is not in the original text. the meaning is that love itself, agape, comes only from god. it becomes a part of our lives as we allow his holy spirit to live within us and empower us. when our hearts are full of this love, it will flow from us into our world. we will be able to love others who do not love us. we will - wonder of wonders - even be able to love ourselves again, with no more "if" to make us feel unlovable and unloved.
__label__non_math	0.5568	it was alarming to read in the recent article the rise and fall of languages in by dr. dobb's editor, andrew binstock, that perl was "continuing its long decline" and was in"an irretrievable tailspin," based on statistics from google searches. nothing in the article discussed what was lacking feature-wise in the language that might be behind this decline. while i am not an authority on programming languages, i thought it was only appropriate to reflect on the strengths of perl that i've relied on during my -year affair with the language. my history with perl i stumbled upon perl back in . i was an fpga logic designer at lucent technologies proficient and programming in c, c , and vhdl. web programming seemed like an exciting world and perl was advertised as the "duct tape" that glued the world wide web together. after a one-day workshop at lucent, i quickly realized that perl was a godsend to hardware developers. it combined the power of c and awk making it a great language for developing hardware automation tools. as a logic designer, perl augmented my abilities by providing me with a powerful language that was easier to create tools with. i created tools for "stitching modules" for chip design and testing, and designing two-pass assembly languages customized for test benching vhdl verilog chip design. the power of perl: good reasons over the years, my fondness of perl has only grown stronger. i write anywhere between ,000 to ,000 lines of ncl perl code a year, from throwaway scripts to large-scale and robust factory test applications. the following list of the reasons i particularly choose perl for my work might help other developers determine whether perl is the right choice for their needs. regular expressions are the most compelling attraction of perl. it is no secret that perl regular expressions are the envy of other languages. as data continues to have an ever-growing importance in today's world, regular expressions provide us with the power to slice and dice data so that we can measure, learn, and make intelligent decisions. good regular expressions, such as those in perl, will therefore become increasingly important. hashes or content-associative arrays provide us with a quick way of creating lookup tables. and in the world of data and automation, lookup tables are indispensable for creating tools. listing all the great ways of using hashes is beyond the scope of this article. the vast majority of my applications would not be possible without the power of perl hashes. a programmer's productivity is greatly enhanced by not having to manage memory allocation and deallocation. arrays and lookup tables can grow and shrink as need dictates. complex structures can add and remove fields on the fly. references and complex structures serious programming requires the ability to create complex structures. perl supports references pointers, which is key to being able to create complex structures. again, there is no need to pre-declare fields. keys can be added and removed on the fly. large-scale programming is not possible without support for modules. while perl can be used for pure scripting, it does enable modular programming using packages. many of my applications consist of or more modules, with each module housing a single subroutine call. packages are also used for doing oo programming in perl.
__label__non_math	0.7392	kamal hassin is director of r d and product management at protecode. he can be reached at firstname.lastname software is a massive enabler for the semiconductor industry. it's difficult to find a device that isn't enabled by software in some way. evolving from simple components to complex systems on a chip soc , semiconductor-based products now require many categories of software. the list starts with drivers to configure operating modes. on top of that, real-time operating systems rtos , sdks, networking and security, administration, media formatting and compression, and of course an endless list of applications. unsurprisingly, the semiconductor industry now spends more on software development than on all other r d aspects. how do developers build all of this software at a reasonable cost? increasingly, they supplement custom coding with outsourced code, commercial libraries and open source software. open source has become a significant component of all software development, intentionally and sometimes unintentionally, thanks to the abundance of available code, its apparent free cost, and a high degree of stability and security. but while open source code can appear to be free, it is not without obligation. it typically comes laden with licensing and there are a number of approaches to license management, ranging from doing nothing to fully automated real-time scanning of software to detect and report license obligations. all approaches can be viewed from a cost perspective, with the aim of maximizing developer productivity while minimizing legal risk. the cost of managing software license obligations is analogous to managing defects in the development process. it is well understood that the earlier a defect is identified and corrected, the less expensive it is -- and the same is true for licensing obligations. likewise, the earlier a development organization identifies "licensing bugs" that attract unacceptable license obligations, the less expensive it is to adjust the software to achieve licensing compliance.
__label__non_math	0.9947	note: the splunk sdk for php is in public preview. "our mission at splunk is to lower the barriers for organizations to gain operational intelligence from machine data," said paul sanford, general manager of developer platform, splunk. "we want to empower developers to build big data applications on the splunk platform and to understand that you don't need large-scale development efforts to get big value." "building a developer community around a software platform requires a strong commitment to a low barrier to entry. this applies to every step of the adoption process, from download to documentation to development. splunk's focus on sdks for some of the most popular programming languages, with underlying rest-based apis, supports its commitment to enabling software developers to easily build applications," said donnie berkholz, ph.d., it industry analyst, redmonk.
__label__non_math	1.0000	alm player telerik has announced its acquisition of the fiddler web debugger. this web traffic tool is designed to inspect and "fiddle" with incoming or outgoing application data to debug apps on apple ios and android. fiddler works to debug traffic from "virtually any" application that supports a proxy, including all modern web browsers to let developers see http messages from any program. fiddler includes a scripting subsystem and can be extended using any .net language. fiddler creator eric lawrence will join telerik's testing tools division, in austin tx, and will make the project 100 percent of his focus. "we have great plans for the advancement of fiddler including creating an improved user interface and enhanced support for popular platforms," he said. telerik confirms that it intends to keep fiddler as a free tool as part of its test studio product family, where it is already used for load and performance features. "we have learned from the mistakes of others who have acquired free tools only to turn the tables on the developer community and monetize them at a later date. we respect what fiddler has delivered to the community and want to expand that value by giving it the appropriate enterprise-level support. additionally, with eric joining our team, we gain a formidable competitive edge. the collaboration for enhancing fiddler is already underway as well as discussions to further expand our portfolio and extend support for our customers," said christopher eyhorn, executive vp, telerik testing tools division.
__label__non_math	1.0000	local, affordable, effective chiropractic care about peak performancelocated conveniently in the north hills on mcknight rd, dr. dubyak and the staff at peak performance chiropractic are continually helping people reach their own healthcare goals. our state-of-the-art facility offers patients: chiropractic care nutritional counseling cold laser therapy disc decompression therapy dr. dubyak works with your doctormore and more chiropractors and mds are developing working relationships in order to treat their patients. at peak performance chiropractic we work with many healthcare professionals and we pride ourselves on having top notch communication with each and every one of them. our philosophy here at peak performance chiropractic is a total integrative approach. from progress reports to letter updates, peak performance chiropractic and dr. dubyak are continually working with that patient s health care professional.
__label__non_math	0.9989	it came from the internet updated with awesome an epic showdown. croc vs shark. now if we could just get ninjas vs pirates. first up are some great clips sent in by various readers bitch killer sent in by goochcamper. and another one made by goochcamper himself. this clip is a long time favorite of mine. we planned to show it in a later installment but after gooch mentioned we should show it too we decided to play our hand early. reader christopher miniaci sent us these animated shorts, check out the other one here the original halloween theme. the producers thought it would be better without lyrics. how wrong they were. g4 does some great things. you should know this. slashers i cant believe i haven't seen this. sometimes, people are way too into their work. creepiest blind date ever -- powered by cracked.com body parts made out of bread... italian spider man episode one. greatest thing to ever hit the internet? check out the trailer and the rest of the episodes on youtube. tried and true method of keeping a loved one close. "i'm gonna cut myself" aka every emo song ever -- powered by cracked.com maybe not the kills we'd have picked. but it has a rocking soundtrack. and that's how he became the death metal prince of bel air. we know it's old but somethings are special. and on that note. emo or future fx master? you decide. what s that you say? you can do better? believe me, fiends, i have no doubt; we barely have time to spend with our loved ones let alone prowl this massive series of tubes we call the internet looking for videos. so send us your links and we ll be sure to thank you if they re used in upcoming editions ponder how much time you spend every week watching horrible things in the dread central forums
__label__non_math	0.7864	engine features - gui and windowing graphical user interface design - gui editor is used for creation and skinning of gui panels - by combining nodes we can create various gui panels used in the game - it is possible to edit panels, both their physical appearance and their graphics to create various "skins" for the game - gui supports various window transitions - almost all windows except toolbars are movable - user can position them anywhere on the screen - all gui dialogs can be moved around the screen except for static toolbars - entire localization database is contained in single utf-unicode file with support for multiple lanugages - all gui panels and components use internal names in the database. thus, we do not have to localize all gui panels separately. after database is modified, all gui components are realigned properly skinning and styles - skinning is extremely easy: each gui component button, list box, edit box, scrollbar etc. is rendered using specified gui style. gui styles can be edited directly in the editor with live feedback. - it is possible to create various types of styles for all controls. with full support for icons, bitmaps, font overlays, direct handling of gui sounds and much more. - additionally you can attach gui gizmos to any and all panels. - gui gizmos are procedurally generated objects that appear on specified places of gui panels. example of these objects are chains used on almost all panels in the game. as you move those panels around the screen, chains move using real physics rules. - physics chains can be combined and attached in any number and combination. it is very easy to create them and to add them to existing gui panels. graphical user interface layout - built-in gui preview shows entire in-game gui including toolbars, mini maps, displays, various panels etc. in various resolutions. it is very easy to see which problems occur in which resolutions without the need to even start the game.
__label__non_math	0.9980	they are thin, plastic bracelets, the kind of innocent-looking friendship bands that schoolgirls like to wear. available in a variety of colours and cheap enough to be bought with pocket money, they have become an overnight sensation in primary school playgrounds across the country. but it is their name that causes alarm bells to ring: shag-bands . and they are worn by children far too young to truly understand what that crude term means. if someone breaks the band off the wearer's wrist, the wearer supposedly has to offer the physical act that corresponds to the colour of the band. what the bands represent blue: oral sex pink: flash body parts orange: love bite gold: all of the above meanings may differ around the country , who sells the bands in a shop in croydon, surrey, and on the internet, seems unconcerned about the growing outrage among parents. he sells more than ,600 bands a week. at 75p for a pack of six, they fall well within the pocket money price bracket. he denies that selling them is immoral. 'i don't think the bands are sexualising children,' says the -year-old, who has no children himself. 'there are far worse things going on in playgrounds for parents to concern them-selves with.' hudson says black bands - which denote intercourse - are his bestsellers. 'i don't think children buy into the sexual side - it's just a fad,' he says. but a facebook site set up by hudson to promote the bands tells a different story. the site has ,845 'fans' and a brief glance through their photographs reveals that most appear to be children and young teenagers. the latest provocative question posed by the site's administrator is: 'if you had to snap a band, which one would it be?' while some websites suggest the bands are designed to be snapped, and the snapper given sexual favours by the wearer, others advise youngsters to wear colours that relate to their sexual experiences, like a badge of honour
__label__non_math	0.9998	coin holder, black22-- average rating: n a - automotive accessories conveniently keep vehicle clean, organized, and free of clutter. 1eyy4 can be used for cars, extended cab trucks, suvs, vans, and rvs; 1ezf9 is for gm and toyota; 1ezg2 is for chrysler, gm, and honda; 1ezg3 is for chrysler, ford, and honda; and 1ezg4 for gm and saturn. all other items for use with all automobiles.
__label__non_math	0.9846	what do we have here? the world s first ever champagne created to be enjoyed over ice. you read that right, and i m still asking myself why someone would do such a thing to a drink as lovely as champagne. moet ice imperial is a blend of nonvintage champagne, and it doesn t take long to catch on to what the winery is trying to do. served sans ice, there s an initial rush of yeast up front, then the sparkle quickly fades, fast. what s left behind is gentle effervescence and lots of sweetness sweet apple, lychee, and grape jam. you can quickly see why the ice is suggested: it cuts down the sugar, and the lack of fizz becomes less evident. however, the lack of interesting flavors also becomes less evident, too, and as the ice melts you end up with something akin to a wine cooler. a bit underwhelming for a bottle of sparkling wine. c moet.com - review: inniskillin ice wines - book review: champagne cocktails - review: nicolas feuillatte palmes d or champagne - recipe: the joost sparkler
__label__non_math	0.9999	perfect for all occasions, our wide range of napkins are suitable for use as standard table napkins, cocktail napkins and party napkins. available on next day delivery, our napkins help add the finishing touch to any situation, and make excellent dinner party napkins. whether you re looking for serviettes for your latest soiree or you need novelty napkins as kids napkins, our paper napkins encompass classic beverage napkins and themed napkins for any occasion. for seasonal napkins, our christmas napkins range let you keep any dinner guests satisfied. for napkins delivered quickly in the uk, our next day delivery ensures your party goes without a hitch.
__label__non_math	1.0000	check out drinkstuff's great quality bar accessories - perfect for any pub, club or event in cardiff as the capital of wales, cardiff is truly a city where people know how to throw a party. the welsh pride themselves on their pubs, clubs, bars and parties and here at drinkstuff we have an extensive range of bar accessories to enhance your event. regardless of whether you are after ice buckets or branded pint glasses we have all your drink related solutions. it also doesn t matter whether you are hosting a party at your home or if you are a bar manager looking to spruce up your venue, we deliver to anyone and supply only premium quality products. to ensure that you are hosting the most accessorised event in cardiff, get your order in with drinkstuff today. another great benefit of using drinkstuff is our superb next day delivery service, we understand that getting your bar or party sorted in cardiff can sometimes be a gruelling task so we are on hand with a speedy and efficient service. it doesn t matter what you order, even if it s just some beer towels or glass racks we guarantee rapid service. drinkstuff should without a doubt be your only choice when it comes to bar accessories in cardiff. explore our great website to see what you need and if you are having any trouble at all, please pick up the phone as we are here to help. contact us today sue hunt - tony steel -
__label__non_math	0.9701	it's sometimes difficult to restrain oneself, much less one's company. every innovation is born of a huge measure of optimism and confidence that this is the solution for the market. when the drive for innovation rolled into boston in the fall of , we hadn't heard of xl hybrids. today, we did, as the company announced a supplier deal with johnson controls inc. for its lithium-ion battery packs. what makes this an interesting story is not just that the company came out of mit or that it was founded in the darkest hours of the early years of the great recession but that the founders have a very focused and cost-effective approach to solving one piece of the larger fuel-efficiency puzzle.
__label__non_math	0.7911	acer travelmate driver and firmware drivers and firmware downloads for this acer computers item we have a direct link to download acer travelmate drivers, firmware and other resources directly from the acer site. to protect our site from spammers you will need to enter the verification characters below in order to access the download link. related acer travelmate manual pages travelmate service guide - page travelmate service guide service guide files and updates are available on the acer csd web; for more information, please refer to printed in taiwan service cd p n:we do not produce cd for this model travelmate service guide - page revision history please refer to the table below for the updates made on travelmate service guide. date chapter updates ii travelmate service guide - page ...hereof and specifically disclaims any warranties of merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose. any acer incorporated software described in this manual is sold or licensed "as is". should the programs prove ... or consequential damages resulting from any defect in the software. acer is a registered trademark of acer corporation. intel is a registered trademark of intel ... travelmate service guide - page conventions the following conventions are used in this manual: screen messages note denotes actual messages that appear on screen. gives bits and pieces of additional... might result from doing or not doing specific actions. gives precautionary measures to avoid possible hardware or software problems. reminds you to do specific actions relevant to the accomplishment of procedures. warning caution ... travelmate service guide - page ... lock keys ...embedded numeric keypad ...windows keys ...hot keys ...the euro...configurations ...chapter system utility ...bios setup utility ...bios flash utility ... ... ...removing hdd module, odd and memory module ...removing the keyboard lcd module ...appendix b test compatible components ...microsoft windows xp professional environment test ...appendix c... travelmate service guide - page ...852gm chipset, ich4-m 256 512mb of ddr 266 memory, upgradeable to 2gb using dual sodimm moduels high-capacity, enhanced-ide hard disk li-ion main battery pack wireless lan, inprocomm 802.11b g, a b g with mini pci ... band wi-fi certifiedtm solution; acer signalup wireless technology support display travelmate service guide - page ... enhanced ide ultra dma 100 support easy install with one protecting screw from right side communication travelmate service guide - page windows keys the keyboard has two keys that perform windows-specific functions. key description windows logo key start button. combinations with this key perform special functions. below are a few examples: tab activates next taskbar button e explores my computer f finds document m minimizes all j m undoes minimize all r... travelmate service guide - page ... us keyboard users: the keyboard layout is set when you first set up windows. for the euro symbol to ... the keyboard layout has to be set to united states-international. to verify the keyboard type in windows and windows millennium edition, follow the steps below: . . . . . click on start, settings, control panel.... euro symbol. note: some fonts and software do not support the euro symbol. ... travelmate service guide - page ... , ecp ieee . ., pci ., pnp .0a, dmi ., usb, vga bios, cd-rom bootable set by setup manual specification second level cache item cache controller cache size 1st level cache control 2nd level... ddr synchronous dram 266 mhz .5v 200-pin so-dimm you can install memory modules in any combinations as long as they match the above specifications. ... travelmate service guide - page usb port item serial port function control specification enable disable by bios setup pcmcia port item pcmcia controller supports card type number of...panel no zv support yes specification system board major chips item system core logic super i o controller audio controller ...keyboard vendor model name total number of keypads windows logo key internal external keyboard work ... travelmate service guide - page main this menu provides you the information of the system. r insyde software scu main advanced security boot ... system pentium product cpu ghz manufacture system bios field. this item will show the model name of dvd cd-rom drive installed on system. the dvd cd-rom model name is... travelmate service guide - page ...total memory size - 127 mb vga memory insyde software scu main advanced date and time quiet boot lcd auto dim network boot v f12 boot menu d2d recovery may ... the hours are displayed with hour format. the values set in these two fields take effect immediately enabled ...lower to save more powerwhen ac is not present network boot f12 boot menu enabled during user's... travelmate service guide - page bios flash utility the bios flash memory update is required for the following conditions: travelmate service guide - page ... cd dvd drive with a cd dvd drive cleaning disk. make sure that the appropriate driver has been installed on the computer for the cd dvd drive. boot from the diagnostics ... is passed when the program runs to cd-rom dvd-rom test. follow the instructions in the message window. . . . . if an error occurs, reconnect the connector on the main board. if the error still ... travelmate service guide - page ... but have no testing program or diagonositc utility at hand, please go to to download the shareware "burnin test v..". you may test the memory with this program under window xp environment. note: make sure that the dimm is fully installed into the connector. a loose connection can cause an error. power ... travelmate service guide - page ... pack to check the battery pack, do the following: from software: . . . . check out the power options in control ... less than of the total power remaining when installed in the computer. if the battery status indicator ...and let it return to room temperature. re-install the battery pack. if the charge indicator ...rebooting, run touch pad ps2 mode driver. run utility with the ps mouse function ... travelmate service guide - page ... memory count size appears different from actual size. dimm main board action in sequence speaker-related symptoms symptom error in windows, multimedia programs, no sound comes from the computer. audio driver speaker main board internal speakers make noise or emit no sound. see "sound check" on page speaker main board ... travelmate service guide - page ..., then change main board. power off. then check if ram cpu bios are ... utility is set to enabled. onboard devices configuration run parallel port test printer driver printer cable printer main board keyboard touchpad-... fpc audio touch pad board main board action in sequence reconnect the keyboard cable. ... and the modem port of the computer. modem phone port is secured to the main board. modem combo ... travelmate service guide - page ... the technical information section you can download information on all of acer's notebook, desktop and server models...service guides for all models user's manuals training materials bios updates software utilities spare parts lists tabs technical announcement ...the problem-free downloading of our technical material. also contained on this website are: recent acer travelmate -related questions: hi, i have travelmate2350 series model no cl51 . i want to use internet on my laptop via wireless w... xp to windows my acer travelmate has windows xp can i run my software windows on it
__label__non_math	1.0000	emergency roadside assistance and a great deal more. towing up to 100 miles. trip planning across the us and canada. drivesaftely spelled wrong on purpose. it got you to look didn't it? not an official web site of mca motor club of america or tvc this is an associate site.
__label__non_math	1.0000	top information technology security predictions for - published on friday, - written by web editor louisville, colo. as the new year kicks off, coalfire, an independent it grc auditor, compiled their predictions for cybersecurity in . last year was a very active year in the cybersecurity world, said rick dakin, ceo and co-founder of coalfire. the secretary of defense announced that the threat level has escalated to the point where protection of cyber assets used for critical infrastructure is vital. banks and payment processors came under direct and targeted attack for both denial of service as well as next-generation worms.
__label__non_math	1.0000	spinnaker boat shoe the spinnaker boat shoe by sebago features: - perforated insole - fully functioning rawhide lacing system to provide better fit - genuine moccasin construction - metallic eyelets - rubber outsole for traction - self tie lace closure tell a friend copy and paste the following address to tell your friends: email a friend sign up for special offers, exclusive sales and discounts other customers also liked these...
__label__non_math	1.0000	the " boots .- by timberland features: - hi top design - leather upper - lace-up closure - padded collar - rubber outsole please note timberland does not ship internationally tell a friend copy and paste the following address to tell your friends: email a friend sign up for special offers, exclusive sales and discounts other customers also liked these...
__label__non_math	0.9985	hey, hey it s friday not that it matters to our hard working development team as they will be working right through it to continue to optimize and improve the new system. i want to reiterate that we are getting all your blog comments, survey responses and help system inquiries. every single one of them is being considered and added to the optimization list. on that note, monday they will be putting out a new release that will have many of the buggy issues cleaned-up. they will continue to deploy new releases each week for a short period during this initial release phase. some of the little bug-a-boo issues most recently fixed are: delete was not fully delete files, this is now fixed and files fully deleted the above problem caused problems with duplicate photos when they delete, then re-upload, this is fixed so that the duplicate error only shows if you can see the photo in your dropshots site. changing dates should work now. old files can be fixed by deleting the moved red x thumbnails. then re-uploading. old videos in the new player because your older videos are now playing in a larger player size the pixels are more noticeable as we talked about before. we are looking into be able to have your older videos play at the old player size so they will look as they did. we are getting to that as soon as possible, but not sure exactly when. some have commented that they would like to see the calendar function on the left navigation drill down to not only year and month, but also to the week and day. day won t be necessary as you will be able to do that with the search feature when released, but the week, or at least week , , , , is a good idea and on our list. blog functions yes, we will be adding the ability to post a day s worth or more of photos into your blog with an html embed code. give us some time to incorporate that into our one-click post to blog utility. smily icons in comments yes, will be added back shortly keep checking back to this blog as it is our way to keep you informed on all progress. as always the help system is the best way to commuicate a problem so we have your contact info, user address and ticket tracking. have a fabulous weekend
__label__math	0.7466	i had about jumps on the blue track and on the pro 100 from parachute de france. and if you jump even one jump on this kind of canopy you must know that my lower back and my neck can not stand a "snappy" opening with the video stills camera then get a jvx. you will find the openings much nicer than a crossfire2 of that size loaded like that, you'll find the slider on a small crossfire is also quite small, while the slider on a jxv of the same size will be almost as big as a tandem slider. they open marvelously, my slider is 60cm x 90cm. my wife has a crossfire2 , it opens brisk with me on it loading it at .and the slider is quite small too small imho . something to think about. i have had jvx's and my most recent a has the largest slider of them all. this post was edited by rhys on ,
__label__non_math	1.0000	lightweight, durable and comfortable collar won't scrape furniture or walls help stop your pet from biting and scratching due to allergies, wounds, stitches, or post-surgery. a great, veterinarian-recommended alternative to a traditional elizabethan or "cone" collar because it lets your pet keep his peripheral vision while recovering. inflates easily, then thread pet's collar through loops and fit around neck with self-fastener attachment. extra-durable, zippered canvas cover protects plastic inflatable liner. can be used over and over. comfortable and convenient. always monitor a pet post surgery to ensure collar is working properly. great for dogs, cats, and even rabbits. recommended by veterinarians. up to " " and up please click on "more information" for more procollar benefits. procollar elizabethan collar can be easily placed around the collar of the animal, thus helping to prevent him from biting a wound, bandage, or stitches, while preserving the autonomy of a natural lifestyle for the animal. collar is extremely well tolerated, in particular with cats. dogs seem to forget its presence once wearing the procollar. your pet's vision and feeding habits will not be impaired by the procollar. it also gives the pet a comfortable place to rest his head, giving support, like a made-to-order cushion. another great advantage of the procollar is that it will not damage your furniture or mark your walls, as was often the case with the traditional elizabethan collar. always monitor a pet post surgery to ensure collar is working properly. some pets may be able to maneuver around any collar. redesigned comfy cone still keeps your pets from scratching and biting at skin wounds, hotspots, or post op stitches. but now comfy cone also comes with removable stays, to give it just a little more structure when you need ... flexible recova clear collars provide effective restraint after surgery while enabling full peripheral vision. they are gentle and pliable, so your pet can lie down and maneuver himself easily while wearing. ideal protection for post surgery, injuries or while ... protect pet wounds and help them heal faster. keep wounds comfortable and deter pets from irritating them further. active ingredient helps prevent bacterial infections and reduce scarring potential soft recovery cone includes an adjustable collar for secure fit. protects pet during recovery yet is flexible so pet can eat or drink while wearing. veterinarian recommended collar is reflective at night for safety cervical collar protects post surgery and enables unimpeded peripheral vision. allows pet to eat, sleep lie down. adjustable collar lets you secure a correct, comfortable fit that minimizes stress
__label__non_math	0.9492	use stands to easily suspend a dome-style lamp or heating fixture above your terrarium. power cord clips keep electrical cords out of the way and large base "foot" adds stability. large repti lamp stand's height adjusts from - "-" and arm expands from "-- " long, while small repti lamp stand's height adjusts up to " and arm extends up to ". ultra deluxe brooder lamp fixture is sold separately. for use with up to a 250w bulb bulb not included . fixture compatible with these incandescent bulbs:
__label__non_math	0.8151	patients under therapy with mao inhibitors may experience a severe hypertensive crisis if given a sympathomimetic drug. use in children, especially infants, may result in cns depression leading to coma and marked reduction in body temperature. use with caution in the presence of hypertension, cardiovascular abnormalities, hyperglycemia diabetes , hyperthyroidism, infection or injury. patients should be advised to discontinue the drug and consult a physician if relief is not obtained within hours of therapy, if irritation, blurring or redness persists or increases, or if symptoms of systemic absorption occur, i.e., dizziness, headache, nausea, decrease in body temperature, or drowsiness. to prevent contaminating the dropper tip and solution, do not touch the eyelids or the surrounding area with the dropper tip of the bottle. if solution changes color or becomes cloudy, do not use. concurrent use of maprotiline or tricyclic antidepressants and naphazoline may potentiate the pressor effect of naphazoline. patients under therapy with mao inhibitors may experience a severe hypertensive crisis if given a sympathomimetic drug. see warnings. pregnancy category c: animal reproduction studies have not been conducted with naphazoline. it is also not known whether naphazoline can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman or can affect reproduction capacity. naphazoline should be given to a pregnant woman only if clearly needed. it is not known whether naphazoline is excreted in human milk. because many drugs are excreted in human milk, caution should be exercised when naphazoline is administered to a nursing woman. safety and effectiveness in pediatric patients have not been established. see warnings. and contraindications.
__label__non_math	0.9999	nucryst announces special meeting of shareholders princeton, nj, nov. prnewswire-firstcall -- nucryst pharmaceuticals corp. announced today that a special meeting of shareholders will be held on monday, . the purpose of the meeting is to consider approval of two special resolutions. the first special resolution is to approve and authorize the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of nucryst, substantially on the terms provided for in the asset purchase agreement dated among the nucryst pharmaceuticals corp., nucryst pharmaceuticals inc., smith nephew inc. and smith nephew overseas limited. if the first special resolution is approved, shareholders will be asked to consider a second special resolution approving the amalgamation of the corporation with alberta ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the westaim corporation substantially on the terms and conditions provided for in the amalgamation agreement dated between the nucryst and alberta ltd. the special meeting will be held at the offices of bennett jones llp, suite , 855 2nd street s.w., calgary, alberta at a.m. mst. nucryst shareholders of record on will be entitled to vote at the meeting. the management information circular and instrument of proxy will be mailed on or before . about nucryst pharmaceuticals nucryst pharmaceuticals corp. nasdaq: ncst; tsx: ncs develops, manufactures and commercializes medical products that fight infection and inflammation using silcryst tm , its patented atomically disordered nanocrystalline silver technology. nucryst licensed world-wide rights for silcryst tm wound care coating products to smith nephew plc, which markets these products in over countries under their acticoat tm trademark. nucryst is also developing pharmaceutical products to address medical conditions that are characterized by pain, infection and inflammation. the company has developed its proprietary nanocrystalline silver in a powder form, referred to as npi for use in medical devices and as an active pharmaceutical ingredient. silcryst tm is a trademark of nucryst pharmaceuticals corp. acticoat tm is a trademark of smith nephew plc the financial results in this news release are unaudited, and are not a complete disclosure of our quarterly or results. this news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of securities legislation in the united states and canada collectively "forward-looking statements" . forward-looking statements in this news release include, but are not limited to, statements about: our strategy, future operations, prospects and plans of management and our ability to achieve operating efficiencies and cost reductions. with respect to the forward-looking statements contained in this news release, readers are cautioned that numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements including, but not limited to: future shareholder actions with respect to the proposed sale transaction, the proposed amalgamation, our capitalization or strategic direction; the failure to satisfy or waive any conditions to closing of the sale transaction or the amalgamation; the intervention of other events that result in any delay in completing or the failure to complete the sale transaction or the amalgamation; the performance of the stock markets generally; our ability to satisfy regulatory and stock exchange standards and requirements to complete the sale transaction or the amalgamation; the uncertainty of our future operating results, which are likely to fluctuate and could under certain conditions prevent the completion of the sale transaction or the amalgamation; our reliance on and ability to maintain our collaboration with smith nephew should the proposed sale transaction not be completed; our reliance on sales of acticoat tm products with our silcryst tm coatings by smith nephew; changes in regulation or tax laws applicable to us; changes in general economic and capital market conditions; other risks and uncertainties that have not been identified at this time; and management's response to these factors. although we have attempted to identify the important risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements in this release, there may be other factors that cause actual results or events to differ from those expressed or implied in forward looking statements. for a more thorough discussion of the risks associated with our business, see the "risk factors" section in our annual report on form -k for the year ended and in our quarterly report on form -q for the quarter ended , once filed with the u.s. securities and exchange commission on edgar at and with securities authorities in canada on sedar at all forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement and nucryst disclaims any intention or obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise after the date hereof. contact: david wills, gillian mcardle, investor relations, posted: november
__label__math	0.8037	generic name: zafirlukast class: leukotriene modifiers atc class: r03dc01 va class: re109 chemical name: - -methoxy-- -methylphenyl -sulfonyl amino carbonyl phenyl methyl -1h-indol--yl-carbamic acid cyclopentyl ester molecular formula: c31h33n3o6s cas number: - uses for accolate in patients with mild persistent asthma, low-dose orally inhaled corticosteroids considered first-line agents for long-term control.alternative agents, including certain leukotriene modifiers i.e., zafirlukast, montelukast , may be used but are less effective than inhaled corticosteroids and are not preferred as initial therapy. in patients with moderate persistent asthma, low-dose inhaled corticosteroids with a long-acting inhaled 2-agonist bronchodilator e.g., salmeterol, formoterol or monotherapy with medium-dose inhaled corticosteroids preferred.however, the national asthma education and prevention program naepp recommends that beneficial effects of long-acting inhaled 2-agonists be weighed carefully against increased risk of severe asthma exacerbations and asthma-related deaths associated with daily use of such agents. alternative agents, including certain leukotriene modifiers i.e., zafirlukast, montelukast , can be added to a low dosage of inhaled corticosteroid for treatment of moderate persistent asthma, but these options are less effective.considerations favoring combination with orally inhaled corticosteroids include intolerance to long-acting 2-adrenergic agonists, marked preference for oral therapy, and demonstration of superior responsiveness to these leukotriene modifiers. in adults and children years of age with severe persistent asthma, naepp and the global initiative for asthma gina state that maintenance therapy with inhaled corticosteroids at medium to high dosages and adjunctive therapy with a long-acting inhaled 2-agonist is preferred.alternatives to a long-acting inhaled 2-agonist in such patients receiving medium-dose inhaled corticosteroids include certain leukotriene modifiers i.e., zafirlukast, montelukast , but these agents are generally not preferred. accolate dosage and administration children years of age: mg twice daily. clearance may be decreased.dosage reduction may be necessary;however, the manufacturer currently makes no specific recommendations for dosage adjustment.not evaluated in patients with hepatitis or in long-term studies in patients with cirrhosis. see special populations under absorption and under elimination in pharmacokinetics and see hepatic impairment. cautions for accolate known hypersensitivity to zafirlukast or any ingredient in the formulation. hepatic dysfunction, including increases in liver enzyme concentrations, hepatitis, and or hyperbilirubinemia, reported.zafirlukast-induced hepatotoxicity usually is reversible following discontinuance of the drug. monitor closely for signs and symptoms of hepatic impairment; consider performing liver function tests e.g., serum ast and alt periodically.advise patients to immediately contact their clinician if they notice signs and symptoms of liver dysfunction. discontinue therapy if signs and or symptoms suggestive of liver dysfunction occur; immediately perform liver function tests i.e., serum alt and manage patient accordingly. do not reinitiate therapy if results of liver function tests are consistent with hepatic dysfunction or if zafirlukast was discontinued because of hepatic dysfunction when no other attributable cause could be identified. do not use for relief of acute bronchospasm including status asthmaticus ; zafirlukast can be continued during acute exacerbations of asthma, but it will not provide immediate symptomatic relief.patients who experience exacerbations of asthma should continue their usual regimen of inhaled 2 adrenergic agonists for prophylaxis and have a short-acting orally inhaled 2-adrenergic agonist available for rescue. eosinophilia and churg-strauss syndrome systemic eosinophilia, eosinophilic pneumonia, or clinical features of vasculitis consistent with churg-strauss syndrome reported rarely in patients receiving leukotriene modifiers; these events usually associated with reduction tapered dosage or withdrawal of oral or high-dose inhaled corticosteroid therapy. concomitant corticosteroid therapy do not abruptly substitute zafirlukast for oral or inhaled corticosteroids. orally inhaled corticosteroid requirements may be reduced during zafirlukast therapy; undertake only gradual e.g., at -week intervals reduction of corticosteroid dosage. neuropsychiatric events reported with zafirlukast during postmarketing experience.data from placebo-controlled trials with leukotriene modifiers indicate that suicidal ideation occurred in . of patients treated with montelukast and in none of those receiving other leukotriene modifiers; no completed suicide occurred during therapy with any leukotriene modifier.fda concluded that some neuropsychiatric events reported with zafirlukast e.g., depression, insomnia appear consistent with a drug-induced effect. be alert to the potential for neuropsychiatric events in patients receiving the drug.instruct patients to contact their clinician if behavior or mood changes occur.carefully evaluate the risks and benefits of continuing zafirlukast therapy in patients who develop neuropsychiatric symptoms. acog generally recommends use of leukotriene receptor antagonists i.e., zafirlukast, montelukast as alternatives to a long-acting 2-agonist in pregnant women with moderate persistent asthma who are inadequately controlled with low to medium dosages of an inhaled corticosteroid. see asthma under uses. safety demonstrated in children years of age; efficacy extrapolated from demonstrated efficacy in adults with asthma and the likelihood that the disease course, pathophysiology, and drug s effect are similar between the two populations. safety and efficacy not established in children years of age. increased systemic exposure and auc, reflecting decreased clearance in children relative to adults. effect on growth in pediatric patients not evaluated in clinical studies to date. common adverse effects interactions for accolate metabolized by cyp2c9. inhibits cyp3a4 and cyp2c9. drugs metabolized by hepatic microsomal enzymes cyp2c9 and cyp3a4 substrates: potential pharmacokinetic interaction increased plasma substrate concentrations . anticonvulsants e.g., carbamazepine, phenytoin possible increased plasma anticonvulsant concentrationsa monitor for adverse effects1 monitor for alterations in clinical response and or adverse effects1 astemizole no longer commercially available in the us calcium-channel blocking agents, dihydropyridine nicardipine, nifedipine cisapride commercially available in us only under limited-access protocol contraceptives, oral fixed dose estrogen-progestin combination monitor for alterations in clinical response and or adverse effects1 terfenadine no longer commercially available in us no alteration in terfenadine pharmacokinetics; no effect on qtc interval45 monitor for alterations in clinical response and or adverse effects1 possible increased plasma tolbutamide concentrationsa monitor for adverse effects1 steady-state plasma concentrations are proportional to dose.a children years of age: increased peak plasma concentrations, auc, and systemic exposure. plasma protein binding clearance is reduced in children years of age and adults years of age. clearance is reduced in patients with hepatic impairment. pharmacokinetics not affected by gender, race, or renal function. c; protect from light and moisture. binds selectively and with high affinity to a group of cysteinyl leukotriene receptors cyslt1 in airway smooth muscle and competitively inhibits the action of ltd4 and lte4 cysteinyl leukotrienes at these receptors. modification of leukotriene activity may be used to reduce symptoms of asthma since cysteinyl leukotrienes are especially important in the pathogenesis of asthma, causing increased mucous secretion and vascular permeability, airway edema, bronchoconstriction, and altered cellular activity associated with the inflammatory process. inhibits bronchoconstriction induced by exposure to known precipitating factors e.g., allergens, environmental pollutants, cold and or dry air, exercise ;inhibits both the acute bronchoconstrictor response and the delayed inflammatory response to inhaled antigens. advice to patients risk of hepatotoxicity; importance of patients immediately informing their clinicians if right upper quadrant pain, nausea, fatigue, lethargy, pruritus, jaundice, flu-like symptoms, or anorexia occurs. importance of taking zafirlukast at regular intervals, when asymptomatic as well as during periods of worsening asthma. importance of contacting clinician if asthma is not well controlled; seek medical attention if short-acting, inhaled 2-adrenergic bronchodilators are needed more often than usual or if more than the maximum number of inhalations for a -hour period are needed. importance of not using zafirlukast for the relief of acute bronchospasm.patients should be provided with and instructed in the use of a short-acting, inhaled 2-adrenergic bronchodilator as supplemental therapy for acute asthma symptoms. if patient experiences exacerbations of asthma after exercise, necessity of continuing the usual regimen of inhaled 2-adrenergic agonist for prophylaxis and of having a short-acting, orally inhaled 2-adrenergic agonist available for rescue. importance of informing clinicians of existing or concomitant therapy, including prescription and otc drugs and dietary or herbal supplements, as well as any concomitant illnesses. importance of women informing clinicians if they are or plan to become pregnant or plan to breast-feed. importance of informing patients of other important precautionary information. see cautions. excipients in commercially available drug preparations may have clinically important effects in some individuals; consult specific product labeling for details. this pricing information is subject to change at the sole discretion of ds pharmacy. this pricing information was updated . actual costs to patients will vary depending on the use of specific retail or mail-order locations and health insurance copays. accolate 10mg tablets astrazeneca : 340. accolate 20mg tablets astrazeneca : 375. zafirlukast 10mg tablets par : 249. zafirlukast 20mg tablets par : 249. this report on medications is for your information only, and is not considered individual patient advice. because of the changing nature of drug information, please consult your physician or pharmacist about specific clinical use. the american society of health-system pharmacists, inc. and drugs.com represent that the information provided hereunder was formulated with a reasonable standard of care, and in conformity with professional standards in the field. the american society of health-system pharmacists, inc. and drugs.com make no representations or warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, any implied warranty of merchantability and or fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to such information and specifically disclaims all such warranties. users are advised that decisions regarding drug therapy are complex medical decisions requiring the independent, informed decision of an appropriate health care professional, and the information is provided for informational purposes only. the entire monograph for a drug should be reviewed for a thorough understanding of the drug's actions, uses and side effects. the american society of health-system pharmacists, inc. and drugs.com do not endorse or recommend the use of any drug. the information is not a substitute for medical care. ahfs drug information. copyright, , selected revisions . american society of health-system pharmacists, inc., wisconsin avenue, bethesda, maryland . . astrazeneca pharmaceuticals. accolate zafirlukast tablets prescribing information. wilmington, de; aug. . anon. accolate. drugs future. ; :217-. . krell rd, aharony d, buckner ck et al. the preclinical pharmacology of ici 204,219: a peptide leukotriene antagonist. am rev respir dis. ; 141:978-. pubmed . smith lj, geller s, ebright l et al. inhibition of leukotriene d4-induced bronchoconstriction in normal subjects by the oral ltd4 receptor antagonist ici 204,219. am rev respir dis. ; 141:988-. idis pubmed . smith lj, glass m, minkwitz mc. inhibition of leukotriene d4-induced bronchoconstriction in subjects with asthma: a concentration-effect study of ici 204,219. clin pharmacol ther. ; :430-. idis pubmed . larsen js, acosta ep. leukotriene-receptor antagonists and -lipoxygenase inhibitors in asthma. ann pharmacother. ; :898-903. idis pubmed . spector sl. leukotriene inhibitors and antagonists in asthma. ann allergy asthma immunol. ; :463-, 473. idis pubmed . campbell wb, halushka pv. lipid-derived autacoids: eicosanoids and platelet-activating factor. in: hardman jg, limbird le, molinoff pb et al, eds. goodman and gilman s the pharmacological basis of therapeutics. 9th ed. new york: mcgraw-hill; :601-. . chanarin n, johnston sl. leukotrienes as a target in asthma therapy. drugs. ; -. pubmed . fleeger ca, ed. usan : usp dictionary of usan and international drug names. rockville, md: the united states pharmacopeial convention, inc; :772. . national asthma education program. expert panel report ii: guidelines for the diagnosis and management of asthma. feb. . busse ww. the role of leukotrienes in asthma and allergic rhinitis. clin and exp allergy. : :868-. . chung kf. leukotriene receptor antagonists and biosynthesis inhibitors: potential breakthrough in asthma therapy. eur respir j. ; :. pubmed . nathan ra, glass m, snader l. effects of weeks of treatment with ici 204,219 accolate or cromolyn sodium intal in patients with mild to moderate asthma. j allergy clin immunol. ; :388. . lockey rf, lavins bj, snader l. effects of weeks of treatment with ici 204,219 accolate in patients with mild to moderate asthma. j allergy clin immunol. ; :350. . spector sl, smith lj, glass m and the accolate asthma trialists group. effects of weeks of therapy with oral doses of ici 204,219, a leukotriene d4 receptor antagonist, in subjects with bronchial asthma. am j respir crit care med. ; 150:618-. idis pubmed . kemp jp, glass m, minkwitz mc. onset of action of the leukotriene-receptor antagonist, zafirlukast accolate , in patients with asthma. j allergy clin immunol. ; :351. . lewis ma, mong s, vessella rl et al. identification and characterization of leukotriene d4 receptors in adult and fetal human lung. biochem pharmacol. ; :. pubmed . halushka pv, mais de, mayeux pr et al. thromboxane, prostaglandin and leukotriene receptors. ann rev pharmacol toxicol. ; :213-. . smith lj. leukotrienes in asthma: the potential therapeutic role of antileukotriene agents. arch intern med. ; 156:. idis pubmed . suissa s, dennis r, ernst p et al. effectiveness of the leukotriene receptor antagonist zafirlukast for mild-to-moderate asthma: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. ann intern med. ; 126:177-. idis pubmed . spector sl. management of asthma with zafirlukast: clinical experience and tolerability profile. drugs. ; suppl :-. pubmed . baldinger sl, shore et. focus on zafirlukast: a leukotriene receptor antagonist for the prophylaxis and chronic treatment of asthma. formulary. ; :, , , . . larsen js, jackson sk. antileukotriene therapy for asthma. am j health-syst pharm. ; :. idis pubmed . anon. zafirlukast for asthma. med lett drugs ther. ; :111-. pubmed . drazen jm. pharmacology of leukotriene receptor antagonists and -lipoxygenase inhibitors in the management of asthma. pharmacotherapy. ; suppl :-30s. idis pubmed . hui kp, barnes nc. lung function improvement in asthma with a cysteinyl-leukotriene receptor antagonist. lancet. ; 337:. idis pubmed . holgate st, bradding p, sampson ap. leukotriene antagonists and synthesis inhibitors: new directions in asthma therapy. j allergy clin immunol. ; :-. idis pubmed . arm jp, o hickey sp, hawksworth rj et al. asthmatic airways have a disproportionate hyperresponsiveness to lte4, as compared with normal airways, but not to ltc4, ltd4, methacholine, and histamine. am rev respir dis. ; 142:. idis pubmed . davidson ab, lee th, scanlon pd et al. bronchoconstrictor effects of leukotriene e4 in normal and asthmatic subjects. am rev respir dis. ; 135:333-. idis pubmed . bisgaard h, groth s, madsen f. bronchial hyperreactivity to leukotriene d4 and histamine in exogenous asthma. br med j. ; 290:. . smith lj, greenberger pa, patterson r et al. the effect of inhaled leukotriene d4 in humans. am rev respir dis. ; 131:368-. idis pubmed . smith lj, glass m, minkwitz mc. inhibition of leukotriene d4-induced bronchoconstriction in subjects with asthma: a concentration-effect study of ici 204,219. clin pharmacol ther. ; :430-. idis pubmed . holgate st, anderson kd, rodgers em. comparison of accolate zafirlukast with sodium cromoglycate in mild to moderate asthmatic patients. allergy. ; :319-. . kumlin m, dahl n b, bj rck t et al. urinary excretion of leukotriene e4 and -dehydro-thromboxane b2 in response to bronchial provocations with allergen, aspirin, leukotriene d4, and histamine in asthmatics. am rev respir dis. ; 146:-103. idis pubmed . smith cm, christie pe, hawksworth rj et al. urinary leukotriene e4 levels after allergen and exercise challenge in bronchial asthma. am rev respir dis. ; 144:- . pubmed . taylor gw, black p, turner n et al. urinary leukotriene e4 after antigen challenge and in acute asthma and allergic rhinitis. lancet. ; :584-. pubmed . picado c, ramis i, rosell j et al. release of peptide leukotriene into nasal secretions after local instillation of aspirin in aspirin-sensitive asthmatic patients. am rev respir dis. ; 145:-. idis pubmed . drazen jm, o brien j, sparrow d et al. recovery of leukotriene e4 from the urine of patients with airway obstruction. am rev respir dis. ; 146:104-. pubmed . zeneca pharmaceuticals, wilmington, de: personal communication. . bateman ed, holgate st, anderson kd et al. a multicenter study to assess the steroid-sparing potential of accolate zafirlukast; mg bd . allergy. ; :320. . laitinen la, zetterstrom o, holgate st et al. effects of accolate zafirlukast; mg bd in permitting reduced therapy with inhaled steroids: a multicenter trial in patients with doses of inhaled steroid optimized between 800 and mcg per day. allergy. ; :320. . national institutes of health, national heart, lung, and blood institute. global initiative for asthma: global strategy for asthma management and prevention. bethesda, md: national institutes of health. dec. available from: . accessed sep . . zeneca pharmaceuticals. product information form for american hospital formulary service: accolate zafirlukast . wilmington, de; undated. . zeneca pharmaceuticals. product monograph on accolate zafirlukast tablets. wilmington, de; oct. . buckner ck, fedyna js, robertson jl et al. an examination of the influence of the epithelium on contractile responses to peptidoleukotrienes and blockade by ici 204,219 in isolated guinea pig trachea and human intralobar airways. j pharmacol exper ther. ; 252:-. . henderson wr. eicosanoids and platelet-activating factor in allergic respiratory diseases. am rev respir dis. ; 143:s86-. . donnelly al, glass m, minkwitz mc et al. the leukotriene d4-receptor antagonist, ici 204,219, relieves symptoms of acute seasonal allergic rhinitis. am j respir crit care med. ; 151:. idis pubmed . makker hk, lau lc, thomson hw et al. the protective effect of inhaled leukotriene d4 receptor antagonist ici 204,219 against exercise-induced asthma. am rev respir dis. ; 147:. idis pubmed . finnerty jp, wood-baker r, thomson h et al. role of leukotrienes in exercise-induced asthma: inhibitory effect of ici , a potent d4 receptor antagonist. am rev respir dis. ; 145:746-. idis pubmed . o shaughnessy km, taylor ik, o connor b et al. potent leukotriene d4 receptor antagonist ici 204,219 given by the inhaled route inhibits the early but not the late phase of allergen-induced bronchoconstriction. am rev respir dis. ; 147:. idis pubmed . zeneca pharmaceuticals, wilmington, de: personal communication. . reviewers comments personal observations . . taylor ik, o shaughnessy km, fuller rw et al. effect of cysteinyl-leukotriene receptor antagonist ici 204,219 on allergen-induced bronchoconstriction and airway hyperreactivity in atopic subjects. lancet. ; 337:690-. idis pubmed . dahlen b, zetterstrom o, bjorck t et al. the leukotriene-antagonist ici-204,219 inhibits the early airway reaction to cumulative bronchial challenge with allergen in atopic asthmatics. eur respir j. ; :324-. pubmed . ansell je, buttaro ml, voltis thomas o et al. consensus guidelines for coordinated outpatient oral anticoagulation therapy management. ann pharmacother. ; :604-. idis pubmed . josefson d. asthma drug linked with churg-strauss syndrome. br med j. ; 315:330. . wechsler me, garpestad e, flier sr et al. pulmonary infiltrates, eosinophilia, and cardiomyopathy following corticosteroid withdrawal in patients with asthma receiving zafirlukast. jama. ; 279:455-. idis pubmed . katz rs, papernik m. zafirlukast and churg-strauss syndrome. jama. ; 279:. idis pubmed . honsinger rw. zafirlukast and churg-strauss syndrome. jama. ; 279:. idis pubmed . churg j, churg a. zafirlukast and churg-strauss syndrome. jama. ; 279:. idis pubmed . wechsler me, drazen jm. zafirlukast and churg-strauss syndrome. jama. ; 279:. idis pubmed . churg a, churg j. steroids and churg-strauss syndrome. lancet. ; 352:-. idis pubmed . knoell dl, lucas j, allen jn. churg-strauss syndrome associated with zafirlukast. chest. ; 114:332-. idis pubmed . katial rk, stelzle rc, bonner mw et al. a drug interaction between zafirlukast and theophylline. arch intern med. ; 158:. idis pubmed . american college of obstetricians and gynecologists acog .. practice bulletin no. . asthma in pregnancy. obstet gynecol. ; 111:457-. pubmed . national asthma education and prevention program. expert panel report iii: guidelines for the diagnosis and management of asthma. jul. bethesda, md: u.s. department of health and human services; national institutes of health; national heart, lung, and blood institute. available from nih website. accessed . . food and drug administration, center for drug evaluation and research. early communication about an ongoing safety review of montelukast singular . mar . available from fda website. accessed oct . . british thoracic society scottish intercollegiate guidelines network. guidelines on the management of asthma: a national clinical guideline. london, eng; british thoracic society. may. available from bts website. accessed . . food and drug administration. update of safety review. follow-up to the communication about the ongoing safety review of montelukast singulair . jan . available from fda website. accessed oct . . food and drug administration. updated information on leukotriene inhibitors: montelukast marketed as singulair , zafirlukast marketed as accolate , and zileuton marketed as zyflo and zyflo cr . aug . available from fda website. accessed oct . a. astrazeneca pharmaceuticals. accolate zafirlukast tablets prescribing information. wilmington, de; july. b. ahfs drug information . mcevoy gk, ed. montelukast. bethesda, md: american society of health-system pharmacists; :. more accolate resources - accolate prescribing information fda - accolate medfacts consumer leaflet wolters kluwer - accolate concise consumer information cerner multum - accolate advanced consumer micromedex - includes dosage information - zafirlukast prescribing information fda - zafirlukast professional patient advice wolters kluwer
__label__non_math	0.8854	fda approves new anti-hiv drug aptivus for use in combination therapy drug news-- u.s. fda approves new anti-hiv drug aptivus for use in combination therapy ridgefield,ct usa, june boehringer ingelheim pharmaceuticals, inc. today announced that the u.s. food and drug administration fda has granted accelerated approval of aptivus tipranavir capsules. accelerated approval is a regulatory process that expedites the approval of therapies for serious or life-threatening illnesses that provide meaningful benefit to patients over existing treatments. this approval is based on -week data from ongoing studies. longer term data will be needed before fda can consider traditional approval for aptivus. there are no study results demonstrating the effect of aptivus on clinical progression of hiv-. the approved dose of aptivus is 500 mg taken with 200 mg of ritonavir aptivus r , twice daily. aptivus must be co-administered with ritonavir to boost the therapeutic levels of aptivus; otherwise, levels of aptivus will be insufficient to inhibit hiv replication. aptivus r must be taken in combination with other anti-hiv medications. aptivus 250 mg soft gel capsules will begin to be available in pharmacies nationwide within two weeks of fda approval. aptivus is a non-peptidic protease inhibitor that works by inhibiting protease, an enzyme needed to complete the hiv replication process. aptivus is able to enter infected immune cells and inhibit hiv replication for many strains of hiv that are resistant to other commercially available protease inhibitors pi . drug resistance is one of the major challenges that patients and physicians face in the treatment of hiv. resistance develops when the virus mutates and is no longer suppressed by drugs that were once effective. "the prevalence of drug resistant hiv underscores the need for new treatments," said dr. daniel kuritzkes, associate professor of medicine, harvard medical school, director of aids research, brigham and women s hospital. "aptivus offers an important new treatment option to highly treatment-experienced patients or those with multiple protease inhibitor resistant virus." aptivus tipranavir , co-administered with 200 mg of ritonavir, is indicated for combination antiretroviral treatment of hiv-infected adult patients with evidence of viral replication, who are highly treatment-experienced or have hiv-strains resistant to multiple protease inhibitors. this indication is based on analyses of plasma hiv-rna levels in two controlled studies of aptivus of weeks duration. both studies were conducted in clinically advanced, -class antiretroviral treatment-experienced adults with evidence of hiv replication despite ongoing antiretroviral therapy. the following points should be considered when initiating therapy with aptivus ritonavir: - the use of other active agents with aptivus ritonavir is associated with a greater likelihood of treatment response. - genotypic or phenotypic testing and or treatment history should guide the use of aptivus ritonavir. the number of baseline primary protease inhibitor mutations affects the virologic response to aptivus ritonavir. - liver function testing should be performed at initiation of therapy with aptivus ritonavir and monitored frequently throughout the duration of treatment. use caution when prescribing aptivus ritonavir to patients with elevated transaminases, hepatitis b or c co-infection or other underlying hepatic impairment. - the extensive drug-drug interaction potential of aptivus ritonavir when co-administered with multiple classes of drugs must be considered prior to and during aptivus ritonavir use. - the risk-benefit of aptivus ritonavir has not been established in treatment-na ve adult patients or pediatric patients. patients enrolled in the resist studies were failing their current pi-based regimen, had received at least two previous pi-based regimens, had received prior treatment from at least three classes of antiretroviral agents and had documented pi resistance. these trials examined the treatment response at weeks of aptivus r versus a comparator group in which patients received one of several marketed ritonavir-boosted pis. investigators selected a comparator pi that offered patients the best opportunity for treatment response based on resistance testing. the comparator pis were lopinavir, indinavir, saquinavir and amprenavir. in addition, patients in both arms received an optimized background regimen of other antiretroviral drugs. patients in these trials were highly treatment-experienced and the majority were at least possibly resistant to the comparator pi chosen. the median baseline viral load and cd4 count were .log10 copies ml and 155 cells mm3, respectively. the results of the resist studies showed that a statistically significant greater percentage of hiv-positive patients taking aptivus r achieved a treatment response versus the comparator group vs. . treatment response was defined as a confirmed log10 or greater decrease in viral load from baseline. in addition, a significantly greater proportion of patients receiving regimens that contain boosted aptivus were able to reduce the amount of hiv in their blood to undetectable levels than in the boosted comparator group. at weeks, of patients in the aptivus r group and of patients in the boosted comparator group achieved a viral load of less than 400 copies ml, and vs. achieved less than copies ml. patients treated with aptivus r also experienced greater increases in their immune cells than those treated with a ritonavir-boosted comparator pi. the median change from baseline in cd4 cell count at week was cells mm3 in patients receiving aptivus r versus cells mm3 in the comparator group of ritonavir-boosted pis "the approval of aptivus marks an important milestone in boehringer ingelheim s long-standing commitment to the hiv community," said burkhard blank, m.d., senior vice president, medical and drug regulatory affairs, boehringer ingelheim pharmaceuticals, inc."our hiv research and development program is dedicated to bringing innovative hiv therapies to patients and their healthcare providers." aptivus co-administered with 200 mg ritonavir has been associated with reports of clinical hepatitis and hepatic decompensation including some fatalities. extra vigilance is warranted in patients with chronic hepatitis b or hepatitis c co-infection, as these patients have an increased risk of hepatotoxicity. all patients should be followed closely with clinical and laboratory monitoring. liver function tests should be performed prior to initiating therapy with aptivus r and frequently throughout the duration of treatment. patients who develop symptoms of liver problems, such as fatigue, loss of appetite, yellowing of the eyes or skin, or liver tenderness, should stop taking aptivus r treatment. patients with moderate to severe hepatic insufficiency should not take aptivus r. aptivus r has an effect on the way some medications are eliminated by the body, and if these medications are combined with aptivus r, an elevation of their level may occur, which can lead to serious and or life-threatening side effects. this concern is due to the extensive drug-drug interaction potential of aptivus r. some medications from the following drug classes must not be taken with aptivus r: antiarrhythmics, antihistamines, ergot derivatives, gi motility agents, neuroleptics and sedatives hypnotics. other medications taken with aptivus r may require a dose adjustment or additional monitoring, including those in the following classes: reverse transcriptase inhibitors, protease inhibitors, antifungals, antimycobacterials, calcium channel blockers, antidepressants, hmg-coa reductase inhibitors, hypoglycemics, immunosuppressants, narcotic analgesics, estrogens, pde5 inhibitors, anticoagulants, antibiotics, and drugs to treat alcohol dependence. patients should discuss the potential for drug interactions with their healthcare provider. aptivus, a sulfa-containing drug, should be used with caution in patients with a known sulfa allergy. mild to moderate rashes including urticarial rash, maculopapular rash, and possible photosensitivity have been reported in subjects receiving aptivus r. in phase and trials rash was observed in of females and in - of males receiving aptivus r. additionally, in one drug interaction trial in healthy female volunteers who were administered a single dose of ethinyl estradiol followed by aptivus r, of subjects developed a rash. rash accompanied by joint pain or stiffness, throat tightness, or generalized itching has been reported in both men and women receiving aptivus r. women taking estrogen-containing medications with aptivus r have an increased risk of developing a rash. like other protease inhibitors, aptivus r may be associated with the development or worsening of diabetes, elevations in cholesterol and triglycerides, abnormal distribution of body fat, immune-related inflammatory response to infections and increased bleeding in hemophiliacs. aptivus does not cure hiv infection aids or prevent the transmission of hiv to others. patients may continue to develop opportunistic infections and other complications associated with hiv disease. there are no adequate and well-controlled studies in pregnant women for the treatment of hiv-infection. aptivus should be used during pregnancy only if the potential benefit justifies the potential risk to the fetus. the long-term effects of aptivus are unknown at this time. the most commonly reported side effects of at least moderate intensity in patients enrolled in the resist studies taking aptivus r are gastrointestinal, including diarrhea . , nausea . , vomiting . , and abdominal pain . . fever . , fatigue , headache . , bronchitis . , depression , and rash also occurred. the most common moderate to severe laboratory abnormalities in patients enrolled in the resist studies taking aptivus r are elevated triglycerides . , elevated liver enzymes . , elevated cholesterol . , decreased white blood cell count . , and elevated amylase . . ongoing clinical trials boehringer ingelheim is committed to further understanding the clinical utility of aptivus for the treatment of hiv. ongoing studies will continue to evaluate the safety and efficacy of aptivus. the safety and efficacy of aptivus in pediatric patients or in treatment-na ve adults have not been established. phase and studies in these populations are fully enrolled and ongoing. in addition, boehringer ingelheim will continue to study aptivus in women and hepatitis co-infected patients, and conduct further pharmacokinetic interaction studies of the drug. posted: june
__label__non_math	0.9996	i know this is not exactly celtic, but interesing: ... jpg how large stones can be easily moved around for building circles pagan couple move prehistoric stone circle into suburban home john and suky burton imported the prehistoric stones from their former weymouth mansion when they downsized to a detached house in dorchester last weekend. the stone circle megalith was originally erected in the grounds of abbotts court by burberry fashion house founder thomas burberry in the early 1900s. the burtons bought the mansion in the 1980s and could not live without the monoliths when they downsized to dorchester. neighbours watched in bewilderment as druid john and hereditary witch suky used a crane and a huge truck to transport the 6ft stones to their new abode. the couple - both antique dealers - aligned the stones at special points along a powerful ley line around the garden to encircle themselves with positive energy. suky, , then invited witches from her coven to dedicate the stone circle during a special night-time ritual. mrs burton - whose mother and grandmother were witches - said: "we had a blessing of the stones and we brought the energy back. "you could feel the energy circling the stones. we feel they are a place between worlds. it's hard to describe the feeling you get when you are near these stones - but it is something extremely powerful. "you can feel the energy pulsing around you, moving inside you, you feel at one with nature and get a real high." the full history of the ancient stones is unknown, however, they are reputed to have originated from portland, dorset. they were purchased early last century by fashion giant thomas burberry - who placed them outside his abbotts court mansion, in weymouth. the couple - who teach magic and witchcraft - uncovered the stone circle shortly after they bought abbotts court in and planned to leave it as an historic landmark when they downsized. but the property developer who bought the mansion threatened to dump the monoliths if they were left behind. the couple employed a specialist removal firm - who used a crane and a fleet of trucks - to transport the large stone to their new home. users browsing this forum: no registered users and guest
__label__non_math	0.9998	it's been a little while without a news update, so here's a quicky girl robot is giving away buttons to those who want them d.j. coffman has finally started putting up pages of the hero by night diaries check out the diaries and you'll see what quality we can look forward to all sortsa interesting debates going on in this section of the forums also, we're working hard on improving some things for you guys on the duck just wanted to add that mage circle and the floor have both reached 50th page this weeks strip is the result of my manager challenging me to find a fun way to put the words "football" and "monkey" into the strip. what if... i open that up to everybody? rules would be: two common real words that are unassociated with each other. all contributors that i use will get special mention on their appropriate pages and a printable pdf file link featuring their comic that they can print as a 8x10 mini-poster or iron on transfer or whatever they want to do with it. english only, please? contributors that give me a set of words that stump me will get a full collection of the first cartoon strips with a bonus strip printed and bound at my expense in beautiful black and white and sent to them. this will also celebrate a full weeks, or one year, of weekly floor madness as well and don't forget halloween cameo caper and no face day
__label__non_math	0.9993	i originally designed clear hawse, a meditation on what anchors us, as a -inch by -inch chapbook to be printed with a perfect bound spine. short on cash, i opted to print ten iterations of this inland sea tale on a stash of envelopes. i consider the resulting handmades a chain letter sans letter which i sent to artist writer friends willing to mar k them for free. here are collaborative marrings by anne gorrick and katie yates and her children juliette and gabe forstrom . lori anderson moseman's lori anderson moseman's newest poetry collection, all steel, is just out from flim forum press. anderson moseman is the author of temporary bunk swank books , persona swank books , cultivating excess the eighth mountain press and walking the dead heaven bone press . anderson moseman has a masters of fine art from the iowa writers' workshop and a doctor of arts from the university at albany. she also has a masters of fine art in electronic arts from rensselaer polytechnic institute. her undergraduate degrees are in forestry and technical journalism. she's been a forester tech, a farm reporter and an educator. she founded stockport flats press in the wake of federal disaster , a flood along the delaware river. anderson moseman's work is also in literary journals: ars medica, denver quarterly, dislocate, divide, epoch, epicenter, feile festa, happy, harpur palate, iowa journal of literary studies, the little magazine ., phoebe, passages north, portland review, praxis, poetic diversity, seeds, sing heavenly muse belle gironda's is a poet, author of building codes, from stockport flats and other things. she lives in brooklyn and keeps a crows nest with allen dye in asheville. they marred a clear hawse together in kure beach in winter. sheila goloborotko is a portuguese-and spanish-speaking native of s o paulo, brazil who works and lives in new york city. a master printmaker, she has shown in venues from london to buenos aires, including grabadores brasile os contempor neos, jardin de las esculturas, mexico , j ias raras, galeria graphias, s o paulo , and sculpted memory, rush gallery, new york . this year she is in the midst of a public project called sonhos " dreams" in which she is seeding hand-printed pillowcases in editions of outdoors in two international cities. the pillowcases, a free gift to the person who finds them, are printed with the dreams of others who have participated in the project by blog . goloborotko won't stop until she has amassed dreams. anne gorrick is the author of i-formation book shearman books, exeter, uk, and kyotologic shearman, . her new book i-formation book is due out in . collaborating with artist cynthia winika, she produced a limited edition artists book called swans, the ice, she said with grants through the women s studio workshop in rosendale, ny, and the new york foundation for the arts. katie yates grew up mostly in french west africa with stints in india and turkey and now finds herself in new haven, connecticut not a bad place to raise children. she has a da from the university at albany, an mfa from naropa university and a ba from carleton college. she lives with her blended family in a brick house in the suburbs and looks for insight in buddhist teachings as much as she can. she still considers the pacific northwest her home. she is the author of morning stories, high watermark salo o n: volume number .
__label__non_math	1.0000	cellartracker community tasting notescommunity tasting notes average pts. and median of pts. in note - hiding notes with no text vintage chartrating for united states-california: slightly better than average year drinkability: young, aging quickly, could be good now user tasting note jaccitongue coating tannins smooth on top of the blackberry cherry some vanilla combination, a little smoke comes through on the nose. close to jordan. mathewrso smooth so good
__label__non_math	0.9971	no, no one ever said they were going to do away with ota. this has nothing to do with that anyways. what they wanted to do with ota is to get 120 mhz of the 222 mhz of ota uhf spectrum and auction it off for mobile. they still plan to do that but they are now counting on getting at best mhz and probably closer to mhz. there still would be mhz on hi-vhf like there is today.
__label__non_math	0.9908	reply to elray architects engineers - solving the mystery of wtc - ae911tru i hope we are adults enough to not start character assassinations like msm. this documentary has the support of some family members is not meant as a disrespect to the loved ones that died that day. full documentary is on online as well. "banking establishments are more dangerous than standing armies." thomas jefferson
__label__non_math	1.0000	for immediate release dss fellowship program will develop leadership, foster innovation in social service delivery baton rouge - department of social services dss secretary kristy nichols today announced that the agency, with support from the robert wood johnson foundation, will fund a six month fellowship program and leadership academy as part of a set of new initiatives to develop leadership and foster innovation in the social services arena. "by recognizing and supporting individuals in state government and community organizations who demonstrate innovative thinking and problem-solving, we will build a community of leadership and solution-driven collaborations within the state that will spark improved social service outcomes for louisiana," said secretary nichols. "i am excited to partner with the robert wood johnson foundation to arm future leaders in social services with the training and leadership skills they need affect change and innovation in our state." the innovation in louisiana government fellowship will provide training and technical assistance to fellows based on nominations of individuals who have demonstrated leadership in the delivery of social services. potential nominees include individuals within state government or community-based organizations who are committed to improving the social service delivery system. nominees should have ideas for social service projects that can be developed over the course of the six-month fellowship into ready-to-implement initiatives. the deadline for nominations for the first class of fellows is friday, , by p.m. once selected, fellows will collaborate to develop implementation plans for individual fellowship projects that have the potential to foster change in business processes that achieve cost savings and increase efficiencies, intervention strategies that achieve improved client outcomes or systems level integration strategies that lead to improved service delivery. during the six month program, fellows will participate in an innovation and leadership academy, which will consist of both a virtual learning environment and a formal curriculum including expert speakers, technical assistance, peer information sharing, collaborative social networking tools, and web-based meetings and teleconferences. upon completion of the fellowship, the best developed innovation project will receive a 500 stipend, and their employing organization will receive a staff development award. nichols also will appoint a social services leadership forum of statewide members representing community-based and non-governmental agencies, as well as government and industry. the forum will select fellows and hold a twice yearly leadership and innovation conference. the first conference, to be held in august, will serve as the orientation and opening summit for the first class of fellows. the second conference, to be held in february , will include graduation activities and the presentation of the final fellowship projects. in addition, the forum will advise dss on policy and program issues on a regular basis and will provide input on innovative solutions to help streamline dss services and increase the efficiency of business practices. nichols said dss also will introduce a schedule of monthly web casts, which will allow stakeholders from around the state to participate together in virtual meetings that will provide networking opportunities and updates on new and ongoing dss programs. as part of these meetings, dss will arrange for nationally recognized guest speakers to give lectures and facilitate discussions about issues that are important to the social service delivery system in louisiana. for additional information or questions about the innovation in louisiana government fellowship or the nomination process, contact brandon reeves at email
__label__non_math	1.0000	for immediate release dss announces child care reform - louisiana department of social services dss secretary kristy nichols today announced steps to reform child care licensing standards in louisiana, including the formation of an advisory group to receive input on reforms from providers and an immediate assessment of child care centers in order to ensure that quality child care for children is provided in a safe environment. "there is no greater responsibility of dss than ensuring the safety and security of children," said nichols. "as we have done with our child residential licensing program, we will systematically review our policies, work with providers, make revisions to regulations and assess all facilities to provide quality care for children, consistent standards for providers and better procedures for our licensing staff." nichols outlined five main steps in reforming child care licensing: - formation of an advisory group to provide input and guidance on proposed rules, regulations and standards - assess a select number of facilities within the next days - assess all ,906 child care centers in the state over the next year - strengthen child care regulations and develop policies and procedures to improve child safety - restructure the division of child care licensing program and staff the advisory group will be made up of parents, providers, child development professionals and other state agencies with regulatory functions and will meet quarterly to provide input and guidance to the department on child care matters. centers that dss will assess over the next days have previously had their licenses revoked and reinstated, or have deficiencies on record that raise risk or safety concerns. following the review of the identified centers, dss will conduct a review over the coming year of the remaining child care centers in the same manner as their licenses come up for renewal. in early september, secretary nichols issued an emergency rule that disqualifies any child care, child residential or adult residential facility from reapplying for a new license for a period of two years if that facility's licensure application is denied or if the facility's license is revoked, not renewed, or voluntarily surrendered to avoid adverse action due to the provider's failure to comply with state statutes and licensing rules. according to the rule, dss will not accept a subsequent application for that facility or any new facility in which the owner, director or affiliate of the original facility is involved for a minimum period of two years after that facility's license revocation, denial, non-renewal, or surrender. a copy of the emergency rule can be found at "prior to dss issuing the recent emergency rule, facilities cited for violations and non-compliance with licensing standards were allowed to immediately reapply for a new license after taking corrective action," nichols said. "we will thoroughly assess any center with a prior revocation to ensure that these centers continue to meet the required licensing standards." following a review of the minimum standards and requirements for child care centers, dss will rewrite the regulations to strengthen child care licensing policies and develop procedures for staff that will ensure consistent application of the standards for all child care centers statewide. after the revised regulations are developed, dss will hold statewide meetings with child care providers and the public to receive feedback and finalize the changes with the goal of having the new standards in place at the beginning of the school year. restructuring child care licensing will provide the program's field staff with individually assigned caseloads, which will provide greater consistency in inspections, follow national best practices, and help build better relationships between dss staff and child care providers. nichols said dss began assessing the child care licensing program after senate bill 238 by senator willie mount became effective on , which gave sole authority for decisions on the denial and revocation of child care licenses to dss. previously only two outside committees, which were abolished by statute, had the authority to revoke a license, deny an application or approve licensing regulations. since july , dss has revoked nine child care licenses and denied three applications. in july , dss engaged nationally recognized child care licensing consultants judy collins of oklahoma and lisa deaton of louisiana to assist in redesigning dss' licensing operations, systems and policies. in august, child care licensing staff participated in a strategic planning session to study implementation of best practices in licensing, assignment of caseloads and training. as part of the reforms and fulfilling its goal to be more transparent, dss now provides all child care licensing inspection reports conducted after august to be viewable online at carefacility.dss.louisiana.gov . facilities can be searched by name, zip code, parish, license number or license type. these child care reforms come on the heels of overall reforms to the child residential care standards in july of this year. the revisions were a result of a joint effort by dss staff, child residential care providers and stakeholders to review the residential licensing process, which began at nichols' request in october . additional measures to ensure the safety of children include the passage of house bill 906 by representative nancy landry, which requires beginning in january that each owner, operator, current or prospective employee, or volunteer of a child care facility disclose annually or upon request by dss whether their name appears in state central registry for a justified finding of abuse or neglect. dss also is developing systems to automate child day care time and attendance to provide greater accuracy in payments from the child care assistance program, increase cost-savings for the program and improve safety for children. long-term, dss is working to increase participation in the quality start star child care rating system qrs , which rates child care centers based on a five star system and provides tax incentives for child care centers that commit to quality improvement through staff to child ratios and staff training. currently, approximately percent of licensed child care centers participate in qrs. additionally, dss will develop a system to combine the current registration processes for family child care homes that exists in dss and the department of education into a new, strengthened licensing system for these homes. louisiana is one of only seven states that does not register or license family child care homes. for more information on dss' work to reform child care licensing and improve quality child care for children, visit
__label__non_math	1.0000	to submit your news and events, review the submission guidelines. third annual "new beginnings" powwow may , -p.m. in native american communities, a powwow is a social gathering, a time when dance and music honor the resilient cultural history of native american people and tradition. a powwow encompasses a variety of educational experiences including history and art. during the powwow, a brief history and information of each performance will be presented. this vibrant display of american indian culture is offered free and open to the public on the driscoll green. this just in film screening: the dream is now may , p.m. the dream is now is a documentary that follows four undocumented youth in america and focuses on the personal stories of dreamers and their families. it calls for common sense reform that gives all undocumented immigrants the chance to earn their citizenship and contribute fully to society. please join the upsilon gamma chapter of sigma lambda beta international fraternity as they host the first denver screening of the dream is now on campus. if you are interested in federal comprehensive immigration reform, if you want to learn more about it, or if this systemic issue has affected you and your loved ones-- come share your story. the film screening will take place on wednesday, may at p.m. in davis auditorium, sturm hall. a panel discussion will follow. this event is expected to sell out; please reserve your free tickets here in advance. save the date for an exciting university announcement on may save the date for a major university announcement regarding stem science, technology, engineering and mathematics du spring commencement speakers announced international peacekeeper and united nations secretary-general ban ki-moon and michael b. hancock, mayor of the city of denver, will address graduate and undergraduate students, respectively, at this year's commencement ceremonies. u.s. senator michael bennet will address the sturm college of law graduates. read their biographies here. renew or purchase your parking permit by this friday if you want to continue to park in your current restricted parking lot, renew now it's that time of year again: high school graduations come to du and may affect your parking current parking permit holders: once again it is time for du to host the area's high school graduations. some of these events have the potential to make parking an issue on the north side of campus. academic and administrative units lamont students perform for hrh prince harry ten students from the lamont school of music were invited to perform for a reception for hrh prince harry on may at the sanctuary golf course club house in sedalia, colorado. erica chenoweth receives advance grant for work on counterterrorism erica chenoweth, an assistant professor at the josef korbel school of international studies, has received a ,000 advance grant, given by the national science foundation to promote scholarship by women. the grant will facilitate chenoweth's research on the impact of positive rhetoric in reducing terrorist activity. open enrollment closes tomorrow, may benefited employees: if you plan to enroll or make changes to your current benefits, you must do so by p.m. may . remember, some plans require re-enrollment so please read your benefits overview carefully. use this online how-to guide to navigate through open enrollment. still have questions? email firstname.lastname offerings for everyone while open enrollment applies only to benefited employees, several vendors who offer discounts to all du employees had booths at last week's benefits fair. there was also a booth for the du zone card, a du athletics program that gives you access to a growing list of vendor discounts for cardholders. du digest will be providing more information on the subject of du employee and du zone card discounts in the coming months, so stay tuned who joined the du community in march and april? click here to see who got a new position at du in march and april . wellness counts last chance benefited employees: tomorrow, may before p.m., is your last chance to complete the wellness counts program. this means all of your required preventive screenings and the online total health assessment tha must be complete to earn the insurance premium incentive. contact katie.dunker with questions. note: if you are a new employee hired before or enrolling in kp for the first time through open enrollment, you only need to complete the tha. paper copies are available in hr mary reed 403 . gardening workshop: getting ready to grow may , noon - p.m. prepare your garden for growing. we'll discuss mulching, watering and soil. we'll even start planting seedlings from the on-campus greenhouse during the workshop. nutrition for parents workshop may , noon - p.m. join a kaiser permanente dietician to learn easy ways to get your kids eating better. vending on campus survey we're looking at on-campus vending options and need your input. please take this short survey. come learn about xeriscaping with projectxeri may , -, s. high street come have some fun and support water conservation du's first farmer's market may , a.m. - p.m. driven by the du environmental team with help from the center for sustainability and sodexo, du's first farmer's market will take place on the driscoll green next week this inaugural event is made possible by the du environmental team, the center for sustainability and sodexo. third annual "new beginnings" powwow may , -p.m. join du's native student alliance for the third annual powwow. during the powwow, a brief history and information of each performance will be presented. this vibrant display of american indian culture is offered free and open to the public on the driscoll green. pioneer awards ceremony may , -p.m. each year, remarkable members of the university of denver's student body, faculty and staff make significant contributions to our campus community. the office of student activities recognizes these individuals and organizations at the annual pioneer awards ceremony. meet the publisher of the denver business journal may , - a.m. join scott bemis, president and publisher of the denver business journal, for a lively breakfast discussion on how the dbj can help you seize opportunities during these turbulent times. dean greg anderson will speak on behalf du and morgridge college of education. volunteering with the metro carering may , a.m. noon spend a morning doing good for those less fortunate. metro carering is one of denver's largest food pantries, but it does more than simply operate as a pantry. join in and learn all that they do bicycle auction may , p.m. find your "new" bike at du's abandoned bicycle sale musicfest may , -p.m. the du programming board and the ritchie center staff are hosting this incredible on-campus event featuring live music, an outdoor beer garden and family activities
__label__non_math	0.5993	find the best deals on cheap hotels in dubuque. lowest recent rate black horse inn south mound road phone: 563 552- this charming property is close to all the attractions in dubuque but far enough away to make you remember why you took a vacation
__label__non_math	1.0000	need help logging in? my du is your personal portal to the hunting, conservation and local du information that you care about the most. learn how it works. create your free my du account today president franklin d. roosevelt signs the migratory bird hunting and conservation stamp act into law. first duck stamp, designed by pulitzer-prize winning editorial cartoonist, jay n. "ding" darling, issued. prairie drought peaks.
__label__non_math	1.0000	have you ever wanted a quick and easy way to view your favorite du content in one place? if so, you're going to love my du and, if you're a ducks unlimited member, you'll have access to exclusive content and features including the discussion forums, special offers and more. learn more about how my du works. ready to get started? create a free account in seconds note to members: members who had an online account from the previous website may log in now with your same email address and password.
__label__non_math	0.9988	the am ri aims to assist in developing and supporting clinician investigators ci and clinician scientists cs in the academic clinical programs acp . prof john rush tells us more about this newly established institute. how many clinician scientists are we aiming to have? the target is for the singhealth-duke- nus partnership to have clinician scientists by year . how does the am ri work? ri provides an academic home that enables the development of translational, clinical or health services research careers of students, residents, fellows and faculty including clinicians, scientists, and quantitative experts . we work with the acp vice-chairs of research to identify budding research talent and invite them to join as khoo scholars, which means their department head has allocated at least of their time to research. a khoo scholar is assigned a mentor team that includes at least a clinical expert from the department acp, and a quantitative expert. these scholars present their research ideas at protocol or idea development seminars to their mentor teams where constructive critiques are provided to eventually create a competitive research proposal. if required, the am ri will provide a pilot award to obtain pilot data which may be needed to strengthen the proposal for an externally funded competitive grant application. medical writing assistance is provided for these proposals if needed. am ri provides scientific support both during the development of a research proposal and during the post-award execution phase of an aproved project. the post- award guidance will be provided by creating a network of experienced senior clinical research staff who mentor less experienced ones on the critical elements in project execution. how do other singhealth departments play their parts? we work closely with singhealth departments on many aspects: the joint office of academic medicine to develop career paths for clinician scientists, the singhealth office of research on highlighting research achievements and providing grant pre-review or re-review of failed grants. the institutional and acp directors of research help identify, nurture and support budding and established clinician scientists and to develop mentors, with heads of the residency training programmes providing educational tools and mentoring opportunities via the khoo scholars programme for research development of cs track residents. we also collaborate with allied health in developing ahps who conduct research. with the singhealth research strategy group we develop a strategic plan on developing css and collaborations, and with the research council we collaborate on operationalising these plans. how can i be a part of am ri? if you are at the kkh campus, please contact ms christine khanashat email . if you are a singhealth clinician who is new to research and would like to join the khoo scholars programme, please contact ms josephine quek firstname.lastname . for other queries on our activities or our programmes, please contact ms megan pooh email . we expect the am ri to be fully operational by early . look out for more updates on am ri - sgh campus. academic medicine update top academic leaders shape our am efforts the inaugural academic medicine advisory council amac meeting took place from -april . the four members of the advisory council brought their wealth of experience in academic medical centres to provide advice and guidance on our academic medicine efforts with recommendations for us to focus on: research of real impact in terms of significance and reach sustainable excellence in education of medical students and residents retention of the best talent through a culture of inventiveness, creativity and scholarship that improves medical practice. the singhealth and duke-nus joint board retreat this year s singhealth and duke-nus joint board retreat on may centred on the theme of academic medicine: making it a reality . the retreat further strengthened the partnership between singhealth and duke-nus in our journey in academic medicine. over 100 board members, senior leaders and key drivers of education and research from both organisations attended the retreat. the discussion was along themes: research aligning with national level strategies achieving clinician scientists target by strengthening collaborations between duke-nus and singhealth, and external parties education partnership for better education programming clarity of roles in relation to education council ec and education institute ei team-based approach in management of patients increasing capacity of residency to meet national needs development of new programmes leading to development of a biomedical campus academic medicine strategic financing fundraising for academic medicine to be a shared responsibility of singhealth and duke-nus extracted from tomorrow's medicine issue - , a singhealth publication
__label__non_math	0.9976	dsg, admins dispute dining fee agreement changes to duke dining s leadership have revealed misunderstandings and poor communication between administrators and student representatives. last year, kemel dawkins, former vice president for campus services, agreed to increase the dining plan contract fee from . the fee s increase was one of the measures taken to reduce the .million dining deficit that has accrued since . duke student government representatives agreed to support the fee increase for the academic year given that administrators adhere to a list of stipulations, lefevre said, such as making the additional charge temporary. although student representatives said the increase was only supposed to exist for one year, vice president for student affairs larry moneta announced his intention in september to extend the fee until at least the summer of . regardless of what administrators say they agreed to, they knew what we agreed to and that was for a one-year fee of and a plan for scaling that back every subsequent year, said dsg president mike lefevre, a senior. anyone who tells you otherwise is either misrepresenting us or wasn t in the room during spring negotiations . although dining fees are expected to continue, moneta announced thursday that the annual quad first year housing fee will be eliminated in the fall of , which he said will help mitigate dining s higher cost for students. but lefevre said the end of the housing fee does not make up for the increased dining fee. over the summer, administrative reshuffling meant that the leadership that had agreed to the plan was no longer in charge. after dawkins left the university in june, the department of campus services was dissolved and moneta s student affairs assumed responsibility for dining. moneta said he does not plan to make major changes to the department for a year and a half including reducing the increased dining fee. administrators noted that there was no written record of the agreement. dsg planned to draft a written contract for the board of trustees to hold administrators responsible, but no parties signed a plan. still, dsg representatives stated publicly last year that their understanding was that the increase was temporary. the chronicle reported in february that dsg supported only a temporary fee increase as a student bailout to dining. in march, the chronicle reported that dsg representatives said dawkins agreed the fee would be in effect for a year with negotiations to follow. we made every effort to make them agree that this was a one-year deal, lefevre said. there was absolute understanding in the room that this was what we were agreeing to. former dsg president awa nur, trinity , declined to comment on the agreement. dsg executive vice president pete schork, a junior, confirmed that dsg s intent was clearly communicated verbally during the spring semester, but noted that the administration can make policy decisions without student approval. seeing eye to eye the lack of a written agreement has left the student government without leverage. it was frustrating... when moneta asked me, can you show me where administrators agreed to a one-year increase, that this wasn t just from the student s end? and he knew the answer was, no, lefevre said. dsg did not push to get written administrative approval because administrators could not commit without knowing exactly how the fee would affect the deficit, lefevre said. we were confident in working with dawkins and sam veraldi, director of parking and transportation services that we would be able to eliminate the dining fee in one year or have a bullet-proof strategy for moving it down, lefevre said. we truly did see eye to eye with the administrators after a very painful process of negotiations. executive vice president tallman trask said his direct involvement with dining ended last year. i never liked the fee agreement, but the student leaders wouldn t accept anything else, he wrote in a thursday e-mail. but if there was an understanding between administrators and students, the current leaders tasked with reducing the deficit said they were not aware of its specifics. moneta, who was not involved in dining before june, said he was not aware of a formal agreement between administrators and students. he added that he had not received any records of an agreement from dawkins, who currently serves as the executive vice chancellor for administration at rutgers university s newark campus. director of dining services jim wulforst, who was present in the meetings last year, said he had received dsg s list of stipulations but couldn t tell you who said it or when it was said. i don t know if we ever said the fee would go back to . after one year . i don t remember us ever having that discussion, wulforst said. moneta said even if a formal agreement had been made, it might not have made a difference in extending the fee for upcoming years. although he was aware of dsg s intentions, dawkins said eliminating the fee after one year had always been a long shot. last year, dawkins said he considered a number of structural changes to make on-campus eateries more attractive to students, which made the financial impact of long-term policy decisions difficult to predict. but with the change in leadership, plans proposed last year to evaluate and reform eateries were thrown out, lefevre noted. moneta said this year s increase cut the dining deficit approximately in half, adding that other measures, including eliminating faculty and staff discounts, will likely cover the rest of the deficit. wulforst added that revenue has increased by to percent this year. just the beginning? ultimately, all campus leaders are working toward the same end to improve the university dining experience, though their ideas to reach that goal may differ, schork said. if you eliminate the fee, you eliminate resources that will ultimately be used to improve dining, schork said. i m not sure if i agree that students should be financing the deficit , but if you look at things from a pure financial balance sheet perspective, i understand where student affairs is coming from. student representatives from organizations like dsg will continue to meet monthly with administrators to create a strategic dining plan. although moneta expressed his intention to continue the fee, the board of trustees has the final say in may . i would like nothing more than to see that fee eliminated before i graduate, but... if that s just not possible, i plan to create a comprehensive strategy on how to phase out that dining fee, lefevre said. he added that he may have to work with the board rather than student affairs. he said accepting the fee increase as definite is premature and nothing will be decided until next year. it seems that dr. moneta has been forthcoming about the dining budget and is generally open to some responsible changes for dining operation, but the proof is in the pudding, lefevre said. we ll see in may where we end up, and that will be the moment when we see whether this has been a real negotiation or whether it s been a sham.
__label__non_math	0.9990	published: updated: two-and-a-half-year-old nina was bright-eyed and bouncy, full of laughter and hugs -- when you could get her attention. she often seemed to be ignoring her parents when they spoke to her, and when she did respond, many of her words were slurred. concerned, her parents arranged for a hearing test -- and learned that nina had moderate hearing loss in both ears. outfitted with a hearing aid, and provided with speech therapy, she is just beginning to regain some of the ground she lost during the first years of life when important language skills are being learned. "hearing impairment is the largest congenital disability, affecting about six out of every ,000 infants," says duke pediatric audiologist ann mabie. "for a very long time, people thought you couldn't test infants' hearing, and would just wait until children were two or three years old. but by the time you wait for children not to talk, a window of opportunity has shut." in fact, those tiny, shell-like ears that parents marvel over when getting to know their new babies are just the most visible parts of a highly sophisticated machine. human infants spend the first year of life learning about their environment, and by one year of age, already understand far more language than they are yet able to use -- unless an undiagnosed hearing impairment disrupts the process. while hearing impairments are difficult at any age, they re especially devastating in young children, because their brains rely on auditory stimulation to develop the capacity for oral communication. this makes early diagnosis and treatment of childhood hearing losses essential. happily, all newborns in north carolina now have access to the specialized screening needed to diagnose infants with hearing loss, thanks to state legislation passed in october . even babies born with normal hearing, however, can develop a hearing loss later in infancy or childhood, due to ear infections or head injuries. so parents should be aware of clues that their children might have difficulty hearing and insist on tests if they suspect hearing loss see below . mabie urges all parents who suspect that their child might have a hearing problem to get the child tested by an audiologist or physician with expertise in this area as soon as possible: "every day you wait is a day lost." hearing impairments caused by problems in the middle and outer ear can sometimes be treated medically. for impairments originating in the inner ear, a hearing aid and speech therapy can help. "hearing aids help provide access to speech, and with some intensive speech and language therapy, hearing-impaired kids will do fine in a normal classroom." children with severe to profound hearing impairments typically will require more extensive rehabilitation, and cochlear implantation may be indicated. at duke, otolaryngologists have begun using sophisticated new technologies to help even tiny children with hearing impairments to interact with the hearing world. when lauren, a two-month-old infant from western north carolina, was diagnosed with profound hearing loss due to a malformation in her inner ears, or cochleas, she was immediately fitted with hearing aids. shortly before her second birthday, she came to duke for a cochlear implant. duke specialists in speech pathology and audiology worked to perform a detailed evaluation of lauren s hearing loss, using the most precise diagnostic technologies available. duke neurotologist ear specialist debara tucci, md, then selected the cochlear implant that would be most appropriate for lauren. after tucci surgically implanted the mechanism -- a marvel of micro-engineering -- into lauren s inner ear, the tiny computer chip that controls the implant was carefully adjusted to transmit just the right auditory signals to lauren s brain. the result is a girl who is learning how to communicate with those around her right on schedule. whatever intervention a child with hearing deficiencies may need, time is of the essence. as the mother of one hearing-impaired child puts it, "once you find out and take action, things only get better, not worse. if your child exhibits any of the following behaviors, have him or her checked by a professional audiologist or physician with expertise in hearing disorders.
__label__non_math	1.0000	william w. testerwilliam w. tester, , of cloquet, took the hand of jesus and passed from this life on wednesday, . william w. tester william w. tester, , of cloquet, took the hand of jesus and passed from this life on wednesday, . as a youth, he lived in the duluth area and graduated from proctor high school with the class of . he was a paratrooper with the 101st airborne division screaming eagles. he held his fellow servicemen and women in high regard and was to go on an honor flight later this month. he met and married his love of life, jean addis, at the university of montana where he graduated with a bs in pharmacy, and they moved to iowa city where he obtained a master's degree in hospital pharmacy from the university and headed several departments at university hospitals as an associate professor for almost years before going into private business. in , he and jean moved to florida and lived on anna maria island where he was active with several community organizations and churches. she died in , and he continued living in florida until when he moved to cloquet to be closer to family and to renew old friendships and make new ones. bill was a friend to many and had a genuine affection for his fellow man. he enjoyed socializing, gardening, volunteering as a foster grandparent to at-risk children, reading to grade school kids, as well as his own "greats", and serving with kiwanis. he had a deep and abiding love for his family and will be greatly missed. he was preceded in death by his parents, earl and mildred peterson tester; brother rodney; wife jean; and daughter rosalind kenyon. william is survived by his sister, janice lloyd backus and son rodney sue , both of cloquet; son william ii beth alden of iowa city, iowa; daughters melanie scott fleming of blue grass, iowa, and meribeth jeff schmidt of westmont, ill.; son-in-law jack kenyon of st. joseph, mo.; as well as grandchildren; and "greats". memorial service: a.m. friday, may , his birthday in our redeemer lutheran church in cloquet. in lieu of flowers, memorials are preferred and may be sent to william tester memorial fund, c o rod tester, 501 johnson ave., cloquet, mn . comments posted on this page do not reflect opinions of forum communications company. forum communications company does not endorse and is not responsible for any statement, opinion, advice given or made. all replies are subject to approval and must follow forum communications company guidelines concerning statements of libel, personal attacks or defamation of character. replies in the "talk about it" section that criticize a person by name may not be posted, unless that person is openly involved in a public issue. comments written in all capital letters or bold print will not be considered for inclusion in the forum.
__label__non_math	1.0000	please let us know if you are happy to accept cookies. find out more browse our range of quality vauxhall used cars browse our range of quality vauxhall new cars browse our range of new and used vauxhall vans are you a gm employee or work for a gm retailer or an associate company? if so you and your immediate family can save big money off the list price of a brand new vauxhall.
__label__non_math	0.9978	art and artistry ipad apps if you've always wanted to be an artist, you can find ipad apps that let you do just that. you can also use ipad apps simply to appreciate good works of art. art authority for ipad having art authority is like having the history of western art in pictures and words on your ipad. the app includes works by hundreds of artists, organized alphabetically by artist and also by art period called rooms within the app . art authority also includes detailed information about each artist. brushes is a drawing-and-painting app designed exclusively for the ipad. with a simple, elegant user interface, brushes offers a powerful toolset for drawing and painting. thoughtful touches abound in brushes. there's a terrific color picker, it supports up to six layers, and can handle at least ten levels of undo and redo. color splash for ipad color splash focuses on doing one thing well: converting a photo to black and white, and then enabling you to colorize specific parts of it. when you open a picture in color splash, it's converted to black and white automatically. it's time to get creative and break out one of the two brushes, called color and gray. if you make a mistake, you can use the gray brush to undo what you've done. this picture shows a finished color splash picture, in which the color brush reveals the colors in the sky and sunset at the top of the image and the pool and chairs at the bottom. everything else in the picture basically the entire middle section remains black and white. photogene for ipad photogene is an image manipulation program with an exceptional and user-friendly interface. photogene also has an extensive list of features, represented by the icons at the bottom of the screen. unlike most similar apps, photogene can edit high-resolution raw files. if you use your ipad to retouch photos, you should definitely have this app in your arsenal. this app is fun and easy to use, and it provides numerous creative options for turning your photos into comic strips or graphic novels. you can apply any or all of the effects to any image or map in any panel of your comic. you can also add embellishments like cartoon balloons, text blocks, shapes, stickers, borders, cutouts, and more. also, strip designer has export and social-media options galore, making it easy to share your strips with others via e-mail at normal or high resolution , facebook, flickr, and twitter. adobe photoshop express adobe photoshop express has all the features you'd expect from an app that bears the photoshop name crop, rotate, flip, exposure, saturation, tint, and color to black-and-white conversions. it also integrates well with a photoshop.com account. if you have one of these accounts, you can upload to and download from your online photo library and use the more advanced photoshop.com image-editing tools for images that need more help than even photoshop express can provide. many people think that this excellent, pro-quality painting-and-drawing program is every bit as useful for professional illustration as brushes. artstudio has one thing brushes doesn't: art lessons. the lessons show you how to create a 3d drawing and how to draw animals, faces, and humans. they're even kind of fun while you trace over every stroke in each lesson. the guardian eyewitness this app is brought to you by canon, but they're not all in your face about it. the app showcases "the world's most distinctive and provocative photographs." it's just a fancy photo gallery, but the photos are generally superb. and the pro tips that accompany them such as "very fast shutter speed" and "shallow depth of field" are useful if you're the type of photographer who likes to know how to "do stuff" to make your pictures more interesting or dramatic. reel director is an amazing app that lets you do great things with video files. it's hard to believe, but reel director lets you combine and rearrange clips; add text overlays; and add really cool opening and closing credits and title cards. it also includes sweet transitions, which have animated previews and can be applied globally to an entire project. tiltshift generator for ipad fake dslr this one's a one-trick pony, but that trick is pretty slick . . . . this app creates dramatic depth-of-field effects that look almost as good as that amazing depth of field you can only really capture with an expensive digital slr camera and a decent lens. to give your photo depth of field, tap the spot you want in focus. in a few seconds, your picture magically appears as if it had been shot with a very shallow depth of field. using a great set of interactive slider controls, you can adjust the depth-of-field effect in near-real time.
__label__non_math	0.9972	how to check your dog s pulse of in series: the essentials of dog care for a healthy pet to check your dog s pulse, you need to locate the femoral artery, which lies just below the skin on the inside of the back legs, between two large muscles where the leg joins the body. with your dog standing, reach around in front of the rear leg where it joins his body, and slide your fingers into the groin area. you can feel the femoral artery pumping each time the heart beats. when you have found the artery with your dog standing, try it with your dog lying on his side. count how many pulses you feel in seconds and multiply by to get the number of beats per minute. dogs normally have a pulse between and 120 beats per minute. in puppies, the pulse ranges from 120 to 160 beats per minute. become familiar with your dog s pulse rate and how his pulse feels when he is relaxed as well as after exercise. if you have reason to believe your dog is suffering from an emergency, a dramatic change in pulse such as, a slowed pulse indicating shock can be one sign and symptom.
__label__non_math	0.9998	chicago nearly in americans older than have artificial knees, or more than million people, according to the first national estimate showing how common these replacement joints have become in an aging population. doctors know the number of knee replacement operations has surged in the last decade, especially in baby boomers. but until now, there was no good fix on the total number of people living with them. the estimate is important because it shows that a big segment of the population might need future knee-related care, said dr. daniel berry, president of the american academy of orthopedic surgeons and chairman of orthopedic surgery at the mayo clinic in rochester, minn. he was not involved in the research. people with knee replacements sometimes develop knee infections or scar tissue that require additional treatment. but also, even artificial knees wear out, so as the operations are increasingly done on younger people, many will live long enough to almost certainly need a second or even third knee replacement. these data are sobering because we didn t know what an army of people we ve created over the last decade, said elena losina, lead author of the analysis and co-director of the orthopedics and arthritis center for outcomes research at harvard s brigham and women s hospital. the numbers will only increase, based on current trends. replacement joints can greatly improve quality of life for people with worn-out knees, but they re not risk-free and it s a major operation that people should not take lightly, she said. modern knee replacements in the united states date to the 1970s. since then, advances in materials and techniques, including imaging scans to create better-fitting joints, have made the implants more durable and lifelike, surgeons say. losina and colleagues came up with their estimate by analyzing national data on the number of knee replacements done from , u.s. census data, death statistics and national health surveys. for example, in , more than 600,000 knee replacement operations were done nationwide. the study estimate includes people who had knee replacement operations that year and in previous years who are still living. overall, .million americans are living with artificial knees. that includes an estimated 500,000 who have had at least two replacement operations on the same knee. knee replacements are most common in people older than in people in this age range have them, the study found. though they re less prevalent in people younger than that, there are still more than half a million americans in their 50s with the artificial joints, and based on current trends, operations in that age group are expected to increase. according to the federal agency for healthcare research and quality, knee replacements tripled in people ages to between and . doctors think two trends have contributed to that increase: the nation s obesity epidemic and amateur athletes who don t adjust workouts to spare aging or even injured joints. both can lead to or worsen arthritis, the main reason for replacing knees. donna brent, , is in the latter category. the deerfield, ill., administrative assistant says decades of racquetball, tennis, softball and other sports took a toll on her knees, but she got used to living with the pain, even when she became bowlegged and developed a limp. when pain started getting in the way of some of my sports, she gave in to her doctor s advice and had the operation last june on her right knee. she said she feels better than ever, is back to exercising and plans to resume tennis and softball when the weather warms up. during knee replacement operations, surgeons slice off a small portion of the worn-out surface on the ends of both leg bones that meet at the knee, then implant an artificial joint usually made of plastic or metal. typical operations last about two hours, require a few days in the hospital and cost about ,000. artificial knees generally last to years. while some are promoted as lasting years, these estimates are generally based on use among older people more sedentary than baby boomers who expect new knees to let them be as active as they were before surgery. sometimes that s possible, though doctors often discourage knee replacement patients from engaging in high-impact sports including jogging. the national institute of arthritis, musculoskeletal and skin diseases paid for the study.
__label__non_math	0.9999	last week, president barack obama ordered interim regulations designed to enable wildland firefighters employed by the federal government to purchase health insurance through their jobs. for anyone who has seen this summer s catastrophic wildfires, this seems like a no-brainer. people who risk their lives to save others lives and property, including public lands owned by the country s citizens, should be treated better. according to federal labor laws, most firefighters don t qualify as permanent employees. even though they may put in nearly a full year s worth of hours during the fire season, the demand for men and women skilled in fighting wildfires drops precipitously during the winter. keeping thousands of firefighters on the payroll all year long doesn t make fiscal sense. policies that push them toward other jobs make even less sense. come spring, it makes sense to attract those who know what they are getting into and who already have been trained to fight fires effectively and safely. every employer, including uncle sam, knows benefits are not cheap. employers also know that good benefits help attract and retain good employees. seasonal workers often do not receive benefits because they are largely interchangeable. one quits, another is hired, only minimal training is required. quality may suffer newly hired servers make more errors, for example, and the thumbs of new landscape personnel are not quite as green but inexperience goes with the territory and the budget. that is hardly true of firefighters. these are not slow bloomers who ought to grow up and get a real job. they may never have another job as hard as this one. the hours are long, the working conditions are miserable and the work itself can be backbreaking, not to mention potentially fatal. they must respond quickly to rapidly worsening situations on unfamiliar terrain, and the consequences of not doing it well are catastrophic. although some will transition into permanent public-lands jobs, most of these young men and women won t fight fires as a lifelong career. similarly, not all enlisted military personnel serve until retirement; that does not mean their service is not valuable for its duration. while they serve, they deserve good benefits, and that certainly includes health insurance. insurance is available to nearly everyone for the right price, but anyone who has ever tried to buy an individual policy knows it can be difficult to find and difficult to use distractions that firefighters certainly do not need. individual insurance also can be more expensive than seasonal firefighters can afford, but the lack of insurance hampers their ability to seek care. and they do need care, not only because they risk their lives and their health on our behalf, but because occupational hazards are not the only health-care problems they face. like everyone else, they catch colds and flu and fall off their bicycles on their days off. also like everyone else, they may have families. letting them purchase insurance through their job is the right thing to do. it is also not a benefit that many coloradans would begrudge them, especially not this year.
__label__non_math	1.0000	i don t get it. we live in durango. in the mountains. where it snows. every winter. so why can t people manage to shovel their sidewalks? or they wait several days after a storm, and then make a fruitless attempt. by that time, foot traffic has completely compacted the snow into treacherous ice. why does winter take people by surprise? annoyed durango has a peculiar relationship with snow. when it falls in the mountains, there s much rejoicing and folks pay a lot of money to play in the white fluff. yet when snow falls on one s sidewalk, that fun-filled substance becomes an unbearable burden. in the backcountry, a shovel is an essential tool. every responsible person who skis off-piste has a shovel. but here in town, a shovel seems optional. some irresponsible people are piste-off that they should own one. a lot could do with durango s rental rate. about half of durangoans rent their abode, according to the latest u.s. census data. is shoveling the landlord s responsibility? nope. the durango city code has the cold, hard facts on snow and ice. it shall be the duty of the owner, tenant and occupant of any premises abutting or adjoining any public sidewalk to remove all snow and ice from such sidewalk, reads section -. if you don t take care of the sidewalk, the city will take care of it for you. it will hire snow shovelers, then bill you for their work and tack on bucks. another possibility is that a person slips and falls on your unmaintained sidewalk. when the victim of your negligence hires a personal-injury attorney, you won t have a snowball s chance. but it s not predominately a dutiful homeowner slacker renter thing, points out our friend shane roukema, one of the city s code-enforcement officers. we have nonshoveling problems everywhere. renters. owners. businesses. you name it, he lamented after last week s storm. i don t know what people are thinking, he mused. they must believe some friendly elf comes along and clears the sidewalk. someone does come all right. but it s not an elf. it s shane. or another code officer. they don t have pointy ears and a shovel. what they do have is a pointy writing instrument and a citation book. the holiday timing of the last two storms had a lot to do with lackluster shoveling rates, shane pointed out. many folks were out of town visiting friends and family. what really slays shane is abandoned vehicles on the street. after it snows, some people find their car plowed in. so they just leave it there and don t do anything, he said. they don t brush the snow off the hood or roof and it sits there for days. after a while, someone reports it, so we go out and green tag it, he said. owners have hours to move it or the vehicle is towed. most times, the owner calls up and yells at us. it s my car and it s not abandoned so let s start off the new year with a clean sweep, starting with the sidewalks and your parked car. if you re elderly and need help, call la plata county senior services at 382- for assistance. if you don t have a shovel, betcha your neighbor would be more than happy to share. or hire the neighborhood kids, who need to get outside more often and could use odd jobs. and if you don t want to deal with sidewalks, move to the animas city neighborhood where there are none, and the cantankerous and libertarian residents, including mrs. action line, aim to keep it that way, thank you very much.
__label__non_math	1.0000	a new -acre community park will begin to take shape across from purgatory at durango mountain resort this spring after receiving approval for a conditional-use permit from la plata county commissioners on tuesday. the park, to be on the east side of u.s. highway 550 across from the resort, will include a handicap-accessible lake trail, picnic area, fishing docks and playground. the 700,000 project is headed by purgatory metropolitan district, which encompasses all of the new development constructed as part of the durango mountain resort master plan. the district will pay for part of the costs from its general fund, and it also will apply for grant funding from great outdoors colorado, said john reiter, district manager with purgatory metropolitan district. the goal is for the park to become a launching pad to the exceptional wilderness beyond, reiter said. a single-track trail around the perimeter of twilight lake will be resurfaced with packed gravel and widened to at least feet and fish will be reintroduced to the lake, according to the proposed plans. there will a picnic area with tables and a new playground that will cater to the community s family-friendly appeal, the proposal said. the district also plans to upgrade the existing nordic center at purgatory to serve skiers in the winter and become a visitor center and multipurpose facility in the summer. areas throughout the park will be revegetated with native grasses, plants and trees. the metro district has been in the works for several years, and it was a requirement under the terms of the durango mountain resort development agreement and the trails and recreational uses plan, adopted by la plata and san juan counties. the land proposed for the park is currently owned by durango mountain land, but the company is in the process of dedicating the property to purgatory metro district as per the development agreement. horse owners expressed some concern about sufficient equestrian parking near the purgatory flats trailhead, which is next to the park, but overall, there was broad support for the community park. i am impressed that so many people showed up today and largely in support of this project, commissioner gwen lachelt said.
__label__non_math	0.9999	bryan county s oklahoma home and community education inc. ohce and the bryan county fair board held an appreciation luncheon for members wednesday. the luncheon was held at the clay jones community center in durant. the luncheon honored ohce member dorothy dot curtis and fair board member bob rogers as well as recognizing long standing members of ohce and this year s ohce scholarship recipients. dot curtis has been a member of ohce for years. she has served as vice president for two years and chairman of family issues for approximately six years. she is also treasurer of the eager group in the ohce. curtis assists in charities such as meals on wheels, loaves and fishes and the soldier care box project which she initiated in . curtis also participates in samaritan s purse shoebox project, helps procure car seats for the bryan county foster parent organization and is active with pennies for friendship. i didn t know i was so wonderful, said curtis after receiving her award. bob rogers is a southeastern oklahoma state university graduate and has served on the bryan county fair board for years. rogers is currently treasurer for the board. rogers retired from the durant fire department in after years of service. he was elected in to receive the honorary state ffa degree. rogers is the recorder for both the bryan county free fair and the bryan county junior livestock shows. according to county fair board member and last year s honoree, larry conditt, it may be hot or it may be cold, but rogers is there to help at the fair. ohce president pat accountius announced tashona robinson and mariah dunn as this year s ohce scholarship recipients. neither recipient was able to attend the luncheon so accountius presented photos of the girls receiving their scholarships. curtis s granddaughter was also in attendance at the luncheon. as a former recipient of the ohce scholarship, she has gone on to be a 7th and 8th grade science teacher. nine other ohce members were recognized for years of membership at the luncheon as well. guests honored were: ivy hughes of eager for five years, barbara summerlin of calera for years, joni anderson of calera for years, lilie harris and jolene reid of mead for years, rosemary dorman and gloria nation for years, ruth wade of eager for years and jean hancher of calera for years. ohce and the bryan county fair board are responsible for organizing the bryan county free fair each year. the fair will be held september -at the bryan county fair grounds on south 9th ave. in durant.
__label__non_math	0.9999	if you're new to the program, please click here to provide us with your contact information and experience. if you use rss, you can subscribe to our rss feed here. if you use facebook, you can become a fan of the drexel sailing team here. lastly, you can follow us on twitter here. ahoy everyone the full issue can be viewed here: from the top of the mast vol no. alumni relations chair i d like to start by thanking last year s officers for a great year. your dedication and commitment is invaluable and our new officers are looking forward to working with you as we transition responsibilities. it s my pleasure to announce the drexel sailing team officers: president: stephen ciccariello club manager: joan boyle treasurer: chris myers regatta manager: melanie musso equipment manager: jakub tyczynski secretary: natalie launchi as president, i am looking forward to working closely with coach doug brown, assistant coach drew bergan, our alumni, our officers, and drexel university to insure the continued success of our team. keep an eye on in the next few weeks for our regatta schedule as well as information on how to order some drexel sailing gear president, du sail ahoy everyone the full issue can be viewed here: from the top of the mast no. joan boyle alumni relations chair the full issue can be viewed here: from the top of the mast no. joan boyle alumni relations chair first off, i would like to say thank you to the last officers for all your hard work you have generously given to the team this past year. it is my honor to announce the new officer positions: president: jason sinclair club manager: stephen ciccariello regatta manager: erin maccausland treasurer: gabe moyer equipment manager: andrew cebulski secretary: chris myers i will be working closely with these team members, drexel university, and maisa to expand the team to a stronger organization known throughout the sailing community. high goals will be set and followed upon for the upcoming winter. as the season ends, i would like to wish you all happy holidays. please enjoy your time at home with family and friends. drexel sailing team- president university of pennsylvaniaphilly fleet raceoctober - , this past weekend jennifer mislinski and nedko yordanov a division , and jason sinclair and steve ciccariello b division , sailed in the philly fleet race hosted by the university of pennsylvania. the regatta started off early saturday morning at the corinthian yacht club of philadelphia with a breeze of -10mph. the fair wind, however, was short lived. only two rotations were sailed before lull spots plagued the course. without enough wind to run a race, university of pennsylvania made the call to postpone the regatta. members of most of the teams hurried to the local wawa for lunch and snacks. the wind on the course eventually filled in enough for us to try and race again. unfortunately, it lasted all of ten minutes and we were forced to call it a day. sunday morning brought some heavier air in a strange kind of way. the breeze was blowing in from the shore, which rarely occurs on the delaware river by the corinthian yacht club. the land breeze was extremely shifty. shouts of auto tack princeton universityprinceton women's open regattaseptember - , 2010for the weekend of september -26th, joan boyle, natalie launchi, erin maccausland, and jen mislinski all traveled up to raritan, nj to sail the princeton women s regatta, which was hosted by raritan yacht club on raritan bay. on saturday, a fine breeze blew between -knots from wsw on the bay for the seven women's teams, which included upenn, princeton, fordham, colombia, queen s, and ocean county college. the young women sailors fought with the current and some choppy water to complete races each in a and b divisions. the course was a windward-leeward twice around with a leeward gate. overall, joan and natalie s best finish included a 1st in a division, and jen and erin s, a 2nd in b. on sunday, there were -knots of wind from the north-northeast and we were able to complete races. the drexel women achieved a 4th place for the first women s event of the season drexel sailingthird annual blue gold alumni regattaseptember , 2010drexel sailing alumni and undergraduate team members met at the corinthian yacht club of philadelphia on the beautiful morning of . by all eight sails of our flying junior fleet were hoisted in the brisk wind. bagels and coffee were served right before the skippers meeting started. jason sinclair conducted morning announcements to the crowd of . included in the announcements were the introduction of doug brown as the new head coach, a fair winds and good luck wish to the lovely ladies representing drexel sailing at the princeton women s regatta that morning, and an overall introduction of our team. after a tricky launch in waters, all boats made it out to the course. a windward-leeward, twice around course was set for the morning. on the committee boat was ed doran , natalie tosh , and reuben krutz . stephen ciccariello was in the coach boat to set the pins and ensure the safety of the sailors. the morning s conditions were degrees and winds around 9mph, gusting to 12mph. the race committee held twice-around races and one, once-around. all eight boats were skippered by alumni
__label__non_math	1.0000	double-length brilliance from the mighty sahib shihab a set that collects a number of killer 60s sessions with members of the clarke boland big band all of them great that matches, if not tops the best mps saba sounds of the time all produced to perfection with a really sharp edge, and a cutting approach to jazz that's gone onto inspired countless others in the current scene including artists on schema and ricky-tick records, as well as most japanese club jazz started copping his groove, sahib shihab had it all totally together a great ear for his own amazing solos on baritone and flute, and a way of hooking up with players like francy boland on piano, fats sadi on vibes, benny bailey on trumpet, jimmy woode on bass, and kenny clarke on drums. all players here were shihab's partners in the clarke boland big band, and they use these small combo sessions to explore some great new ideas stripped-down groovers that are heavy on rhythm, and really allow full expression from all the players involved. titles include "companionship", "om mani padme hum", "bohemia after dark", "serenata", "yah yah blues", "balafon", "talk some yak-ee dak", "the turk's bolero", "ct cb", "jay jay", "stoned ghosts", "just give me time", and "dijdar".
__label__non_math	1.0000	duvall's school of cosmetology duvall's school of cosmetology is dedicated to providing students with an enriched learning environment that empowers them to discover their passion for beauty and develop the professional and business skills needed to succeed in the creative world of cosmetology. the school is accredited, approved by the department of education to offer federal student aid programs grants and loans to those who qualify, and approved by the texas veterans commission. students will discover the skills to be creative and successful in their new career. our programs follow a uniquely customized curriculum that sets our students apart from other cosmetology students: - discovery students will discover the underlying theory and the techniques for performing basic client services. - skills students will develop and customize their skills to meet the needs of clients. - creative students will focus on state board preparation and developing the creative skills necessary for success in the work place. duvall's school of cosmetology is a family-owned school dedicated to quality education and a vision for improvement of the cosmetology industry. the school's leadership has enjoyed tremendous success in the salon industry since in the dallas fort worth metroplex. the three generations of licensed professionals have well over 100 years of experience in the image industry. our salon, duvall's hair design salon was chosen salon of the year in by staff choice of fort worth weekly. our extensive experience in the salon business has provided us with a hands-on, excellent perspective of what it takes to train a graduate for success in this exciting and creative field. our success in providing excellent client service is the foundation for the quality training programs offered at duvall's school of cosmetology. duvall's school of cosmetology offers a contemporary, state-of-the art environment with: - over ,900 square feet of space - technology-equipped classrooms for theory and practical training - a clinic laboratory with trendy equipment comparable to the workforce - offices for admissions, administration, education, and academic advising - a well-equipped and convenient student lounge - an extensive media center with a library of texts, publications, curricula, audio-visual equipment and aids, industry related journals, technology and computers
__label__non_math	0.9881	spiderwick chronicles, the us - bd gabe was expecting an instructional video on making candles with webbing... pending divorce, the grace family moves into a secluded old house, where peculiar things start to happen. unable to explain the accidents and strange disappearances, jared, the more aggressive of a pair of twins starts an investigation. during his search jared comes across a book written by arthur spiderwick, the original owner of the estate, who had discovered an array of fantastical creatures that inhabited the area around it. the spiderwick chronicles is a pleasant, unassuming, and dignified little literary adaptation. tonally i d compare it to the successful children-aimed fantasy films of the 80s. perhaps my affinity for these films is based on my childhood experiences with them, and perhaps modern children don t experience the same brand of wondrous awe in these days of photo-real digital effects, but i m positive eight year old gabe would ve loved spiderwick. minus the song and dance numbers, elaborate sets, and badly dressed david bowie, spiderwick is pretty comparable to labyrinth on levels of storytelling, and on the basic moral arc of the lead character. both films revolve mostly around a bratty child dealing with changing family dynamics through fantasy perils. in the case of sarah, she s no longer the child of the house, in the case of jared, he s forced to deal with a father who has rejected his love. both characters are endowed with surprisingly deep knowledge of the otherworldly realm that surrounds them, and both are accompanied by a motley crew of misfits which i acknowledge is a common trope to the hero s journey motif . the major difference between the stories is that sarah s journey through the labyrinth is much more literal, because jared doesn t really go anywhere beyond the backyard. in fact, there s very little about spiderwick that i d call novel or extraordinary, but it isn t directly derivative either. the child of divorce motif might as well have been copyrighted by steven spielberg when he made e.t, as it s carried over into just about every other children s movie ever since, and the sibling dynamic is a bit tired as well though at least this time the boys are twins, deleting the unneeded older younger rivalry . i suppose that even without too much originality the film is still a breath of minty fresh, simply because it doesn t look or act too much like harry potter. the film s pacing is both a blessing and a curse. never once was i checking my watch or twiddling my thumbs, and i guess most kids wouldn t either, but there s also little time to absorb the imaginary universe, or do anything but simply take the fantasy for granted as the story sprints forward. because we re given so little time to forget a plot point, we aren t expected to re-remember anything, and upcoming events don t come as any surprise. spiderwick chronicles is a visually rich feature. the base of the visual style is mostly realistic, with hints and flourishes of fantastic colour schemes, kind of like the lord of the rings, though perhaps even more subtle overall. i like this look a lot, especially after a series of increasingly flashy harry potter films, and the otherworldly look of the golden compass. there s nothing wrong with these looks, i m just happy to see a bit of a change up. this way, when the truly fantastic elements arrive, they really mean something visually. this 1080p hi-def transfer is basically gorgeous, and represents this more subtle style very well. the daylight scenes, which are rarely that bright, are nearly perfect, featuring pin sharp details, full and realistic colours, and no noticeable noise or compression. there s actually less blocking and edge enhancement here then most blu-ray releases i ve seen. the only problems arise in the darkest scenes, especially the low lit indoor scenes. these scenes are still quite clear, but there s quite a bit more grain, a little edge noise, and some very slight colour bleeding. i m not hugely impressed with james horner s score, not because it s poorly conceived or constructed, but because i found it kind of unmemorable. one can tell that thought has gone into the score, but i can t imagine anyone driving home from the theatre humming the themes. ironically enough, or not ironically, the score is often lost in the occasionally very busy .dolby truehd track. the rest of the track is plenty awesome, amped with plenty of large-scale surround action. between exciting sequences of outrunning trolls and battling ogres there are some lovely, gentle, and natural sequences. there s one blu-ray exclusive extra on this disc, a picture in picture option called spiderwick: it s all true spiderwick: meet the clan is a fourteen-minute featurette aimed at the actors. in the beginning everyone freaks out about how good freddy highmore is, and i m inclined to agree with them. highmore plays the twins as two genuinely different people, and he does it with incredibly subtle dexterity. then director mark waters talks a bit about his attempts at creating a purely american fantasy film, which was made difficult right off the bat by casting a british child and an irish child. sarah bolger the irish one is another fine young actor who may be overshadowed a bit. the adult actors are equally praised, though for a shorter period. martin short and nick nolte aren t around for interviews, but pretty much everyone else is. making spiderwick is all about the elbow grease that goes into a major-ish production. this section covers the prop and set design, from the main house, to the goblin glade and the tunnel. things move on more to the practical effects, mostly consisting of set destruction and stunts. things end with a brief discussion with composer james horner. the twenty-minute featurette includes interviews with the filmmakers and the original authors creators, who couldn t be happier. the magic of spiderwick is a fifteen-minute general look at the digital animation. i must say that i never really bought any of the ghouls and goblins in spiderwick as particularly realistic, but like the puppet creatures of labyrinth it is their personality that make them believable as characters. a lot of the creature designs are pretty cartoony especially when compared to the darker but similar fantasy creatures of pan s labyrinth , but the animation is consistently lively and affecting. the animators here aim our focus on their attention to detail, but looking at the final product versus the pre-production illustrations, i think the problems if any with these characters is not so great design. a final word of advice is a little mark water s outro, which tries to reassert the magic of the film for kids who may ve been de-magic-ified by the making of information. then there are four deleted scenes. these scenes are made up mostly of jared reading spiderwick s book and learning about the fantasy creatures, which is missing from the final film. this is one of the few times i can honestly say that the movie may ve been better had the deleted scenes stayed in the final cut. i suppose the producers were afraid of going too far over ninety minutes long movies are on the way out, apparently , but an extra eight would ve helped in this case. the disc is completed with a collection of trailers and tv spots. families and children that enjoyed underrated and underseen, less massively advertised kid s adventures like zathura will find plenty to love here. i m not sure if i d call for a sight unseen purchase, but i do think a rent is in order. the themes are mature enough to keep bigger kids interested, though the execution may appeal more to younger kids. the pg rating is fair, though the amount of gore visited upon the evil little goblins was a little startling for the rating. this blu-ray disc looks fantastic, and houses a few enticing extras, assuming you ve got the ability to actually view all of them. review by gabriel powers some material may not be suitable for children release date: 24th june disc type: blu-ray disc audio: dolby truehd .english, dolby digital .french, dolby digital .spanish subtitles: english hoh, french, and spanish extras: spiderwick: it's all true easter egg: no director: mark waters cast: freddie highmore, sarah bolger, nick nolte, mary-louise parker, joan plowright length: 101 minutes follow our updates other interesting stuff star wars: the changes - part one dvd sxsw film - part us - dvd alien anthology uk - bd cellular uk - dvd r2 blade ii uk - bd rb drive us - bd ra chronicals of narnia: prince caspian, the us - bd ra
__label__non_math	0.9971	knife in the water: the criterion collection it is quite common for first-time feature filmmakers to strive for simplicity, feeling their way with a genre exercise confined to one location and populated with the bare minimum of characters required to generate dramatic tension. on the surface, roman polanski's knife in the water satisfies these obligations, hewing closely to the aristotelian "three unities" of time, place, and action. but this brash young director had to go and cut his safety net, placing his microcosmic class struggle on a boat, which forced polanski and his crew to contend with the myriad challenges of shooting nearly the entire film in the water, an environ in which many veteran filmmakers have run aground. but polanski, an experienced sailor himself, steers the ship clear of choppy waters, delivering a sly social critique that subverts expectations at nearly every turn. forty years later, the film is arguably more surprising than at the time of its release for the way it seems to anticipate its inevitably formulaic hollywood by way of australia remake, dead calm. that film goes precisely where the audience expects it to go, making good on its promise of sex and violence. polanski, on the other hand, was after something much more complex than a kill-or-be-killed thriller. all writing students know that the appearance of a weapon in the first act creates a very loaded expectation that said weapon will be used by the final curtain. here, the weapon in question is foreshadowed in the title, and carried by the film's mysterious third component, a nameless hitchhiker zygmunt malanowicz who narrowly avoids being run over by an arrogant party loyalist, andrzej leon niemczyk , and his trophy wife, krystyna jolanta umecka and one immediately senses that polanski is setting the stage for a traditional thriller in the mold of his later work. but this is not the case the script, co-written with the multi-talented jerzy skolimowski, is too conscious of its unlikely premise to go off in that pat direction. when andrzej whimsically extends an invitation to the young man to join them on their day-trip, polanski and skolimowski are rightly intrigued by the elder's pathetic need to waste his brief vacation batting around what he clearly views as a helpless mouse, particularly on what seems designed as a romantic getaway. he feels challenged by the lad, who, full of youthful brio, provokes andrzej. "you want to go on with the game?" he asks; to which andrzej replies, "you aren't in my class kid, but come aboard." as they venture out into the lake, arduously dragging the boat through a channel into more scenic climes, andrzej never misses an opportunity for cruel pedantry, making light of the hitchhiker's lack of sophistication and social graces. he's equally amused with the young man's persistence, egging him on after each humiliation. through all of this, krystyna remains mostly silent, passively puffing away on cigarettes, and interjecting only when annoyed. but the young man's presence is inescapable, and he makes a point of showing off by shimmying up the mast and lounging about shirtless. andrzej not only notices this, he feeds off of it; indeed, it becomes readily apparent that he's brought the strapping youngster aboard to prove his own enduring virility and superiority. though they often discuss the issue of "brain" vs. "brawn," there's little doubt that andrzej means to be his physical better, too. but when the inevitable violent confrontation arrives, it is not the validation of manhood andrzej would like it to be, leading inexorably to the conclusion this insecure old man has undoubtedly feared all along. of knife in the water's many triumphs, perhaps its most praiseworthy aspect is polanski's casually confident staging, which is most impressive at its least ostentatious. sure, there are the attention-getting shots, like andrzej and the hitchhiker playing their dangerous knife-game in the foreground while krystyna flails playfully in the water with an inflatable crocodile, but there are dozens more that aren't so obvious. for instance, note the single take in which the men argue on the shore as krystyna rides the boat into the channel's banks, coming to a halt so that she's positioned right in between them. the fluidity of the shot, and the logistics of nailing it, is simply mind-boggling, and yet it flows so naturally into the scene that it isn't really noticeable, nor is it meant to be. throughout his career, critics have focused on polanski's bravura showmanship, but what makes his cinema essential is his ability to make his camera invisible even as he's pulling off something so technically complex. this breathtaking command of the medium would eventually leave him in the 1980s, when he regressed into the kind of trite suspense filmmaking that he helped redefine two decades earlier. he returned to form with the pianist , and for the first time in years polanski was no longer a bored technician but an engaged observer. watching him reestablish contact with the daringly curious director of his earliest pictures, while putting to shame much of what passes for great filmmaking nowadays, only underscores the forward-looking brilliance of his first feature. criterion presents knife in the water in its original full-frame .: aspect ratio with clean monaural dolby digital audio. the two-disc special edition features an engaging and richly informative "video introduction" min. with polanski and skolimowski in which they discuss their lively writing process, their relationship with composer krzystof t. komeda whose jazzy score gives the film a rebellious undercurrent , and their struggles with the polish film commission in getting the film made and released. the introduction's most enjoyable moment has polanski boasting about his ingenuity in keeping the camera steady without dealing with the time-consuming hassle of setting up a tripod, from which he segues into a swipe at the dogme 'style of filmmaking and its shaky inelegance. disc two features a collection of the director's illuminating short films from to , allowing one to chart the development and refinement of polanski's visual vocabulary. they include "murder," "teeth smile," "break up the dance," "two men and a wardrobe," "the lamp," "when angels fall," "the fat and the lean" and "mammals." rounding out the extras is a stills gallery. dual-dvd keep-case.
__label__non_math	0.9995	reviewed by glenn erickson a different view from astute reader gil lamont, .. . a weird black comedy in the theater of the absurd mold, where's poppa? is an intermittently funny, yet ultimately despairing show. robert klane's script raises the age-old problem of what to do an energetic cast, especially the winning ruth gordon, make it watchable; for many it's a fall-down laugh riot from stem to stern. when not defending weird clients who attack army generals and kidnap children for pro football teams, gordon hocheiser george segal tries to deal with his intolerably senile mother ruth gordon . even before he meets the love of his life, nurse louise callan trish van devere , gordon's trying in vain to solve his problem by doing things like donning a gorilla suit scare mom to death. nothing works, and his romance with louise is in jeopardy because mom is not only impossible to be around, but behaves as if she and godon have some kind of oedipal relationship going. we all rushed out to see little murders in , only to find a fashionable kind of existential new york stage nihilism being played out in a black comedy form. where's poppa? isn't as despairing as that so-called comedy, but has similarities. gordon hocheiser's nyc is a nightmare land of bizarre people, including himself and his lady love. with nobody to identify with, we instead laugh defensively at the the cruel and ugly goings-on. gordon fantasizes a court banishing mom to live in a bathroom, or the police coming to arrest a dog which has conveniently eaten her. where's poppa? is also wrapped up in what's commonly known as liberal guilt. gordon's brother sidney a wonderfully demented ron leibman, from slaughterhouse - five keeps running through central park, where he's repeatedly beset upon by the same gang of rather upscale black thugs, including a young garrett "you remember cornel wilde? you remember the naked prey? well, you better start prayin', 'cause you gonna be naked that incident is mirrored when sidney, wearing gordon's ape suit, takes a taxi back home. the nyc cab driver chooses a man in an ape suit over a black woman vainly trying to get a ride. gordon and louise try to see some kind of happy life together, but she's a borderline trauma case because her patients always die, and her first marriage ended after hours because her husband defecated in the bed. gordon spends much of the story close to emotional collapse, dragging himself around the apartment, or barely staying coherent while defending vincent gardenia's kidnapping football coach. his attempts at abandoning mom in paul sorvino's hellhole of a rest home are equally disturbing. as you can see, this was not the laugh riot for savant that audiences have reported for years. after his bomb the comic, carl reiner's reputation was made on this movie, and it must have been solely for the outrageous factor. i enjoyed the main laughs, such as the much quoted 'tush scene' where ruth gordon pulls segal's pants down to kiss his behind. i also was pleased to see a rare movie appearance by the wonderful rae allen, who sang shoeless joe mgm's dvd of where's poppa? is a flat transfer that either isn't perfect, or is just making do with a film that isn't always in perfect focus. colors are lacklustre, but again, the picture may always have looked like this. the visuals are so hard to nail down that one b w fantasy sequence looks more like a kinescope than film. the most interesting feature for where's poppa? fans will be the alternate ending. spoiler instead of finishing the film as gordon and louise ditch mom at happytime farms, it continues for another scene in which a phone call from mom causes louise to leave once more. gordon returns to the old folks home, breaks down mom's door, and climbs into bed with her. i've never seen the film before now, but i remember reviews that talked about this scene when the film was new, so i don't know if it was widely shown or not. it'll be horrid or hilarious, depending on your general reaction to the show. on a scale of excellent, good, fair, and poor, where's poppa? rates: supplements: trailer, alternate ending packaging: keep case reviewed: a response from gil lamont, who has perhaps a better understanding of the picture: glenn: wow. a speedy response. to me, the main theme of the film is gordon's overwhelming sense of impotence and despair. his clients are truly deranged, but this is a world over which he has no control. even his senile mother can outwit him, as when she kicks him in the balls the first time we see him don the gorilla suit. his own brother would rather choke his own son than accept that notion of putting momma in a h-h-h-h-home. when gordon first sees louise, he is immediately and hopelessly in love and she is his ticket to a reality he can enjoy, so much so that all her problems -- her patients dying, her new husband "making a kaka on the bed" -- only endear her to him more. why fucking heart out." of course it's a black comedy, but why do we find that we can accept the humorous side of some dark things -- kidnapping kids for a football team -- but not others -- senility? klane's satire mercilessly looks at how surreal life can be with just a little twist out of skew, yet he doesn't accept gordon and louise dumping momma in any convenient nursing home. not until they find the best is it enough, so for all the fun we have with momma's senility -- and the fun is really in how gordon can no longer deal with it -- klane shows a caring side in wanting momma to find a world that she too can live in. you see. a subtext. who knew? gil dvd savant text
__label__non_math	0.9874	before anyone thinks otherwise, i am a huge fan of the first blade film and enjoyed the second installment as well. i am also a big fan of comic books and comic book movies. i know i sound defensive, but you'll understand why when i tell you that david goyer's blade: trinity is one of the absolute worst comic book movies i have ever seen. that's right, its worse than mystery men, superman iv: the quest for peace, and batman forever it's actually not the worst when you consider batman and robin, but i have since tried to eradicate any memory of that film's existence from my mind, only now to be reminded of it as i lament on how mind-numbingly bad blade: trinity is. some reviewers might just give this film a pass as another stupid popcorn movie, or an innocuous waste of two hours, but i can't let this offense slide so easy. goyer, amazingly the same writer who penned the first two blade flicks, tackled both writing and directing duties on this third and hopefully final installment of the vampire-slayer trilogy. as far as i'm concerned there are few writers who are also competent directors, and vice versa. film is a collaborative art and only in the case of the most skilled auteur are works created in a vacuum worthwhile. the writer is the guy who builds the scaffolding on which the director hangs the film. blade: trinity definitely reeks of the kind of festering bloat that happens when no one can say no, which basically means that stephen norrington although his potential league of extraordinary gentlemen franchise was delivered stillborn into theaters and guillermo del toro did an exceptional job with goyer's written material, most likely jettisoning some of his weaker ideas which reign freely here i.e. the gaping, sideways 'predator'-esque mandibles which graced the mutated bloodsuckers in blade ii turn up not just on drac himself, but also on a pack of vampirism afflicted dogs, too. . i am by no means a 'blade' or 'dracula' expert, but i have read the phenomenal marvel essentials collections of "tomb of dracula" vol.s -, and am currently making my way through volume . to say that i am a fan of the character and his mythology would be an understatement. so when goyer starts things off with the vampires setting up blade to murder a human, i recognize it for what it is, an updating of a classic blade story from the early comics. even the inclusion of hannibal king and the nightstalkers, albeit in a new and 'hipper' form, takes its cue from the bronze age books. these are all great additions to the mythos of blade and deserve to be seen on the silver screen. so why is it then that it all becomes such a goddamn mess in goyer's incapable hands? as i surmised earlier, it must have something to do with the system of checks and balances in place between writer, director and producer of which goyer did all three on blade: trinity becoming unbalanced. so basically anything that goyer wanted, he got, just by writing it into his script. parker posey horribly miscast as a chain-smoking, ball-busting vampiress? check. wwe wrestler triple h as a hefty vampire thug, complete with lil' john inspired "grill?" check. natasha lyonne as a blind microbiologist and single mother who somehow knows what she's bringing up on her computer screen via her brail keyboard? check. and finally, blade gunning his 'blademobile' at this point, what else can you call it? straight out the back of a speeding tractor trailer directly into oncoming traffic in a scene that is equal parts knight rider meets the matrix. check and mate. i'm sure other reviewers have scoffed at the blatant apple product placement ipods are the perfect accessory for vampire slaying picture: blade: trinity, is presented in a .:anamorphic widescreen presentation. the transfer is amazing, and the film does look pretty good, with the exception of numerous cg shots that are just plain bad. audio: there is a .channel dolby digital surround sound track, as well as a dts .channel stereo surround track. the .dolby track sounded great, although the soundtrack was the weakest of the three blade films. extras: new line cannot be faulted for the impressive selection of extra features they've included on this -disc set. in addition to the unrated version of the film which clocks in with about minutes of added footage , you can also select the r-rated version on the same disc. there is a commentary track for the unrated version featuring goyer, biel, reynolds and additional crew. there is also a supplemental disc of extras, including incontrovertible evidence of what i surmised in the beginning, namely exhibit a: "goyer on goyer: the writer interviews the director" which is possibly one of the most pretentious mental masturbation sessions put to tape. basically, it's goyer, via split screen, interviewing himself. he confirms each and every theory i posed in my review, basically saying that his total control over the project sunk it from the beginning. there is also a multi part "making of " series of featurettes entitled "inside the world of blade: trinity," a blooper reel which is actually pretty funny , a god awful alternate ending, still galleries and an assortment of trailers. i guess i should also mention that they have also included an exclusive comic book which details the backstory of hannibal reynolds and the relationship between whistler kris kristofferson and abigail biel . to think that you would need to read this comic to actually understand the links between these character further illustrates the tenuous nature of blade: trinity's narrative. conclusion: to take a comic book style look at the main problem with this film, you need go no further than spider-man's classic proverb: "with great power comes great responsibility." with david goyer, swollen head and all, taking on writing, directing and producing duties on this film, it was like giving a kid the keys to the candy store. there wasn't a single voice of dissent to any and probably all of his suggestions. the only inkling can gather that new line had any say at all in the final release of this film was the ending, bad as it is, was a huge improvement over what i can only gather was goyer's original and preferred ending the alternate ending . well, i guess it's only fitting then that goyer, one of the trilogies own creators, drove a stake through its heart. i hope that all the flash fans out there are prepared for goyer's triple threat treatment of their dc icon. do yourself a favor and skip it.
__label__non_math	1.0000	give us your feedback if you'd prefer to use the phone, our office voice mail is available hrs a day, days a week by calling 603 617-. we appreciate your feedback and do our best to return your calls in a timely fashion. you may also send final dvd and blu-ray product for review to our office at... michael stailey verdict
__label__non_math	0.9997	something weird video 160 minutes unrated reviewed by judge bill gibron when too much is not enough... barbara morton is a typical rich 1960s suburbanite, which means she's got problems out the ying yang. she is trapped in a loveless marriage with investment broker-turned-attention eunuch barton. she is plagued by nightmares in which she worships and or is stripped of large amounts of money. oh, and she's a hooker...you know, for kicks. seems barbara likes feeling dirty and unclean, and the best way to experience such personal debasing is via giving up the clam for cash. barbara -- putting on the erotic, evocative nom de poon of "brandy" -- has her own private apartment where she entertains the dregs of white collar america. she beds one man who looks like jabba the hutt's mexican brother. then there is the balding businessman who appears to suffer from premature ejaculation while his pay date is undressing. and let's not even mention the lard ass that hires brandy babs to strip while he stuffs his pie hole with a ten-course meal apparently, barbara is the after dinner purgative . all this loose living has left our heroine confused and contused. she calls upon a psychiatrist to aid in her sexual insanity, but all he can do it ask dopey questions about some bohemian beatnik who beats barbara up. desperate to determine what makes her trick, ms. morton continues her carnal concubine ways, knowing full well that one day she'll run into the agony of love -- or her husband, since he apparently uses her escort service to entertain clients. tigercat and kitten are a couple of sappho sisters traveling the backroads of so-cal, looking for love in all the lez places. when they come across a male hitchhiker, kitty wants to stop. but the tigress has other, less guy-friendly ideas. they eventually pick up the thumb rider and he immediately hops all over the more feminine feline. tiger puts the kibosh on the tryst with a well-placed boulder to the head, and suddenly, our lipstick lovers are murderers. still, it doesn't seem to put a damper on their social calendar, since tiger has planned a birthday celebration for her pussy pal. kitten takes the longest shower in the history of cinema, having an equally elongated flashback to the time when she was heterosexual and happy. oh sure, some men slapped her around, and when love of her life brian found out she was with child, he left the confused cat like a tabby at a dog dinner party. but life was apparently so much better when men, not madams, ruled the risqu roost. at the get-together, the frisky fems strip off their skorts and start in on the same-sex sharking. a battle between tiger and a completely butch babe sends kitty into a spiraling shame cycle and the feline flees the scene. running back to big bad bri, kitten feels safe again. but tigercat is on the prowl, and she's killed once for her purr-fect paramour. frankly, there is no stopping a woman in love, especially when she is the girl with the hungry eyes. the agony of love is a doris wishman wannabe, a film transplanting its grim grittiness to the sun-drenched streets of la, with the hope that no one in the raincoat crowd will notice the distinct difference between doris's delirious designs and this movie's miscreant motives. actually, writer director william rotsler, famous for such exploitation excrement as mantis in lace and street of a thousand pleasures, knew darn well that none of his demographic would give a rat's rectum about the cinematic similarities, as long as star pat barrington was constantly taking off her top. plumped full of silicone in those days, injected directly into the breast, the better to harden and rot there and hampered by a hairpiece that can best be described as a wounded wasp's nest, barrington bumps, grinds, and genuflects her way through this tawdry tale of a bored housewife gone whore for fun. this toothpick with tits has lots of fans in the exploitation realm and they really get their rummy eyefuls as barrington can barely go a minute without removing her clothes. as for the rest of this sordid story, with all its electra complexities and call girliness, rotsler creates a kind of roadmap narrative, something even the most retarded reprobate can follow with fluidity. barbara longs for her husband, he rejects her, she sells her stuff for cash, has some bad dreams, and, finally, goes to a shrink to dissect her delirium. repeat. the agony of love leads you on from the very beginning, telegraphing its finale with about as much grace as a drunken teamster essaying swan lake. believers in barrington's bodkin will definitely be entranced. all others will find this bored hooking hausfrau to be so very "swinging '60s" that it should come with shag carpet. the girl with the hungry eyes, on the other hand, only has its evocative title going for it. several other entities have shared this sensational designation. night gallery labeled one of its better episodes with the same name actually, it was based on a short story from , written by fritz leiber . jefferson starship liked it too, since they created an entire song around the ethereal nomenclature. heck, even ex-raspberry eric carmen brought a bubblegum poppiness to the proceedings with his dirty dancing dribble, "hungry eyes." what does this have to do with our little lesbian love lumbering, you ask? nothing much, which is the exact emotion you'll experience after sitting through this minutes of monotony. kitty and tigercat claim to be sisters in same-sexology, but we never really witness much wanton womb raiding. indeed, our lumbering loverboy, brian, offers up a last moment rant against homosexuality that totally changes the tolerance level of this tepid tale. at the helm once again, director rotsler manages to find a way to make his bare bones storytelling style even more simplistic. sure, it may seem overly convoluted, since we are treated to flashbacks within day dream sequences, but with only about ten total scenes, each soft focus excursion is a rendezvous with irritation. kitty has a twenty-minute memory of brian that could be its own short subject. the lesbian get-together features another quarter hour honorarium from the fake-breasted p. barrington putting on a free show that these fems more or less ignore . even the ending is drawn out as tigercat drives aimlessly for eons, only to locate kitty at the one place she should have figured she'd run to. while it does have some gloriously goofy moments, the girl with the hungry eyes is rather dull and lifeless. your eyes will also be starved -- for entertainment, that is, once this muddled mediocrity starts to unfold. hoping to perk up this package with a few fantastic extras, something weird raids their vaults to offer up several trailers and a little archival interest. of the mini-movie ads offered on this dvd, cool it, baby and diary of a swinger leave the longest, lasting impression. pat barrington makes two more appearances in the short subjects -- doing an lsd doobie dance during what appears to be moby grape's light show, and entertaining some skanky hippies with her greek groin gyrations. our final carnal clip is a dozy, however. a man-hating hooker informs us of her female fantasies as a grubby guy mounts and messes with her in the appropriately titled lesbian hooker turns a trick. on the technical side, both the agony of love and the girl with the hungry eyes are black and white beauties, almost perfect in their .:full screen imagery. while not as sharp as other swv monochrome offerings both films suffer from overexposure and blatant brightness , these are still some sensational, near defect free transfers. too bad that such a stellar setting is wasted on two completely ineffectual films. while you may mope along with ms. barrington as she turns her "talents" into an atm, kitty's copulation confusion -- and tigercat's single-minded silliness -- will merely bore you to tawdry tears. the agony of love the girl with the hungry eyes sound a lot more evocative than they actually are. both of these movies give sex a derivative, not a dirty, connotation. review content scales of justice studio: something weird video running time: 160 minutes release year: mpaa rating: unrated
__label__non_math	0.9249	discovery channel 640 minutes not rated reviewed by judge victor valdivia retired now for the first time, all of discovery channel's exciting dinosaur programs in one two-disc set the release of the bbc's walking with dinosaurs back in paved the way for a new way for dinosaurs to be seen on tv. by blending the animation seen in jurassic park with the structure of a nature special, it reinvigorated paleontology for a new generation of tv watchers. discovery channel took this format and ran with it, creating a four-part series called dinosaur planet and a two-hour special on dinosaurs that lived on what would later become the american continent, but they also kept the classic tv dinosaur format of footage of paleontologists digging at sites and explaining what they found. essential dinosaur pack combines seven discovery channel shows produced between and . while the animation-heavy approach is more technically dazzling and easier to watch as entertainment, old-fashioned footage of paleontologists is actually the better bet. that's not to say that the more fictionalized shows seen here are terrible or uninvolving. it's just that they add little to our understanding of dinosaurs apart from a few tidbits here and there. the somewhat drier scientific shows contain some astounding revelations, so that even with their cheaper production values, they're the real meat of this set, so to speak. essential dinosaur pack features seven shows on two discs: valley of the t. rex paleontologist jack horner has found a collection of five t. rex fossils at a site in montana, leading him to reconsider much of what we think we know about the dinosaurs. t. rex: new science, new beast new discoveries about t. rex have made many scientists rethink what they thought they knew about this dinosaur. when dinosaurs roamed america computer animation reenacts the possible lives of various dinosaurs whose skeletons were discovered on the north american continent. utah's dino graveyard scientists discover a rare dinosaur skeleton in utah and attempt to reconstruct its history. in this four-part series, the lives of various dinosaurs covering various eras are reenacted with computer animation. the mystery dinosaur the discovery of a small t. rex-like fossil launches a controversy over the theories behind dinosaur evolution. dinosaurs: return to life? can a dinosaur be brought back to life using the techniques seen in jurassic park? the answer is surprising. the two fictionalized shows, when dinosaurs roamed america and dinosaur planet both of which won emmy awards , are the lengthiest and will probably be the ones that fans will go for first. they're very entertaining with well-written storylines and impressive animation. sometimes the scripts tend to go too far with corny jokes and some scenes of carnage are unnecessarily sanitized, but overall these are good shows worth watching. however, they're not that much different from walking with dinosaurs, so if you've already seen that show, you'll find much of this pleasant but repetitive. if you haven't, you should really start with it first, as it covers a wider range of dinosaurs and time periods. neither of these two shows is bad but they don't break any new ground either. the only notable difference is that occasionally some stories are interrupted so that a paleontologist can fill in scientific details to scenes in the episodes. it's a welcome touch, but too small to really make these more than commendable but not particularly noteworthy. the other shows are far more compelling. horner, a brilliant but controversial paleontologist who was the technical adviser for jurassic park, is the prevalent interviewee in most of them, and his theories on dinosaurs are sometimes shocking. in valley of the t. rex, for instance, he argues that t. rex wasn't a fearsome predator but a slow-moving scavenger who lived off of other dinosaurs' kills. in dinosaurs: return to life? he describes how it is possible to reverse engineer a dinosaur by using an emu's dna. whatever you may think of his theories and he always backs them up with careful documentation , there's no question that many of them will be fascinating and novel to most viewers. plus, each of these shows is so well-explained and written that they're never boring or pedantic. they also have scenes of computer animation to act as visuals, and these are admittedly much cruder and less detailed than in the more fictionalized shows. as visual aids for explaining some of the more complex theories about dinosaur life and biology, however, they are more than adequate. the shows themselves are in pretty good shape. they vary in aspect ratio, with about half the programs in full screen and the others in anamorphic .:, but the transfers for all are quite solid. the dolby digital .mix is okay, but for shows with scenes of dinosaurs stomping the earth and fighting viciously, a .surround mix would have nice. there are no extras, but none are really needed. the science-based shows are so thorough that there aren't really any missing pieces, and the more fictional shows wouldn't benefit from details about how they were filmed, since computer animation is so commonplace these days. for dinosaur fans, this package is a must-have, although the shows that are less immediately accessible are actually the most valuable here. if you haven't seen walking with dinosaurs, it might be worthwhile to check it out first. nonetheless, essential dinosaur pack is a nicely chosen collection with enough variety to please both newcomers and dinosaur buffs. not guilty. review content scales of justice studio: discovery channel running time: 640 minutes release year: mpaa rating: not rated
__label__non_math	0.9993	reviewed by judge clark douglas tracking the turbulent year in his life in which he was tossed from the sky. in the midst of helming the underwhelming apatow knock-off zack and miri make a porno, kevin smith came to the realization that he had fallen out of love with making movies. his passion for his work had vanished, and so he began crafting an exit strategy. he claims that after his hockey epic hit somebody has been completed, he'll set directing aside and simply focus on what he does best: talk. and talk, and talk, and talk, undoubtedly. has there ever been another celebrity so eager to share every thought, story, and moment of his life with an audience? smith tweets incessantly, blogs regularly, participates in countless podcasts, hosts all sorts of live chat-fests and is well-known for his long, sprawling q a sessions according to testimonials from smith's co-workers on a featurette included with this set, it's not uncommon for such sessions to carry on for six or seven hours . the assorted an evening with kevin smith specials have been reasonably engaging and well-received demonstrations of the writer director's charm and candor, so it's no surprise that he's delivering another not-stand-up-comedy stand-up special in the form of kevin smith: too fat for . i saw the two-hour version of the special on netflix shortly before receiving this blu-ray release, and found it an unexpected disappointment. while there were certainly some fun moments, there were too many pieces of needless padding, too many pointlessly self-indulgent stories and far too many moments of wallowing in self-pity. imagine my dismay when i discovered that this version of the special runs a whopping 200 minutes. yes, you read that correctly. 200 minutes of kevin smith rambling about what's been happening in his life over the past few years. perhaps that sounds like fun. before seeing too fat for , i probably would have agreed with you. i've really enjoyed smith's previous outings along these lines, but this one features way too much of the passive-aggressive, artificial self-deprecation which has made smith such a frustrating figure in recent times. smith goes out of his way to present himself as a humble guy who's well aware of his shortcomings: he constantly berates his own directing abilities, acknowledges his lack of technical knowledge, admits that zack and miri wasn't very good and that cop out basically sucked, confesses to allowing pot to become a major part of his life and shape his work as a director and makes countless jokes about his considerable weight. smith comes across as a refreshingly honest charmer at times, but all of this material is bogged down by the knowledge that he's far less graceful when he's being criticized by anyone other than himself. it's hard to reconcile the man cheerfully beating up on cop out in this special with the man who threw an ungainly temper tantrum when critics cheerfully beat up on cop out upon its release. i suppose such outside knowledge should technically be set aside when reviewing a self-contained special, but that's hard to do in this case given that too fat for is nothing more than smith talking about himself, his personal life, his film career and his assorted reactions to events occurring in all of these areas. if there's an overriding theme to this 200-minute marathon, it's that kevin smith really likes pot now. seriously, he really, really, really likes pot, as he informs us via a series of surprisingly bland stories which fill us in on how he learned to stop worrying and love the bong. smith admits early on that he isn't a stand-up comedian, but a stand-up comic's timing and precision would have been required to redeem this material. there are some entertaining punch lines and fun moments lurking within smith's words, but they're overwhelmed by the weak delivery and the excess of pointless chatter. other stories involving a couple of brushes with law enforcement and lessons about homosexuality smith's learned from his gay friend are similarly overlong affairs. perhaps unsurprisingly, the best stuff and there is some comes when smith talks about movies and the filmmaking process. in particular, his lengthy exploration of his complicated relationship with bruce willis is fascinating; a painfully funny cautionary tale about what can happen when a director permits a difficult actor to take control. as painted by smith, willis comes across as the world's biggest tool; an unrelentingly stubborn man who has minimal interest in his craft these days. the frustrations of making a more traditional studio film are outlined in detail, and smith's eagerness to burn bridges adds an extra measure of entertainment to the proceedings. if too fat for had been a leaner, tighter special centered around this material and running, say, -minutes , it could have been a blast. as it is, it's just overkill. smith just doesn't have enough of interest to say to merit the butt-numbing godfather part ii running time. kevin smith: too fat for arrives on blu-ray sporting a perfectly acceptable 1080p .:transfer. i can't help but wonder why anyone is even bothering with a blu-ray release, as you're not going to see much of anything aside from the star's increasingly sweaty face as the evening proceeds. it's crisp, clear and you'll see mr. smith in the glory of 1080p, but there's not really much to comment on otherwise. similarly, audio is solid but unspectacular. smith's voice is strong and resonant, crowd noise is reasonably well-distributed and the very small amount of music featured at the beginning is well-captured. that's it. the package promises hours of supplemental material, but it's actually a bit less than that: a dvd featuring a -minute follow-up q a session i actually enjoyed this a little more than the special itself, as smith generously indulges even the most preposterous of questions -- sometimes a little too generously, such as when he contemplates the role of a fleshlight in a successful marriage and a -minute behind-the-scenes featurette. while there are some choice moments in kevin smith: too fat for , this one is a strictly for-smith-junkies-only affair. that's a shame, because with some merciless trimming and a greater sense of focus on smith's part, it could have been a lot of fun. review content scales of justice studio: shout running time: 200 minutes release year: mpaa rating: not rated
__label__non_math	0.9797	judge jim thomas' wife is thinking of a sequel: days and counting: i think i'm stuck with this clown. one of them is lying. so is the other. exactly why paramount decided to double dip its sorta-hit how to lose a guy in days at this particular juncture is anybody's guess; for all we know, they looked at this summer's slate and figured that people who had just watched a current romantic comedy would be in dire need of a palate-cleanser. in any event, here comes how to lose a guy in days: deluxe edition. is it a keeper, or should we give its penis a silly name and drag it to a celine dion concert? facts of the case andie anderson kate hudson, almost famous works for composure magazine think cosmopolitan . she doesn't find her column, "how to " "how to feng shui your apartment," "how to get out of a ticket," etc. particularly challenging, and yearns to move on to more respectable journalism. alas, she instead finds herself assigned to write "how to lose a guy in days." andie tells her boss lana bebe neuwirth, malice that, to write more freely and creatively, she'll date a man and do all the wrong things women tend to do in relationships, and record her experiences for the article. advertising executive benjamin barry matthew mcconaughey, contact is doing a great job selling beer and the like, but he wants to move up to more high-priced clients. he's even gone so far as to identify a potential client for his firm, a high-end diamond retailer, but his boss philip robert klein, two weeks notice thinks that diamonds are best suited for women, due to the link between diamonds and love. ben counters that a man can understand the allure of love and diamonds as well as any woman, and to prove it, he'll find a woman, get her to fall in love with him, and bring her to the company ball in ten days as his date. if she is in love with him, he gets the diamond account. things get interesting when the two women who also want the diamond account meet andie and lana, with lana gushing about andie's new assignment. seeing a perfect opportunity to torpedo ben, they steer him towards andie as the object of ben's bet. so, can andie drive ben off, or will ben's charm win the day or, gosh darn it, will these two crazy kids somehow make it work? the plot itself is workmanlike the two meet, there's an extended stretch in which both attempt to achieve their nefarious ends, they unexpectedly find twue wuv, the truth is revealed, ugly breakup, and love conquers all in the end. don't get me wrong the movie's not that bad but then again, it's not particularly good, either. in the commentary track, director douglas petrie talks about all of the different things they did to make the characters likable after all, the entire plot revolves around their inherently cruel duplicity towards one another. however, that's the hurdle the movie never quite manages to clear. the two leads are perfectly willing to toy with someone else's emotions to advance their own careers and we're supposed to root for them? the attractiveness of the leads helps a bit, but that's still a bit much. andie, from the very first date, does hideously cruel things to ben it never really occurs to her to seriously ask why someone who's been dating her less than a week would put up with her crap. ben, on the other hand, witnesses andie behaving in a manner that can only be described as sybil-icious, yet he soldiers on, so committed to winning his dream account that he will risk dating a borderline psychotic. the answer, of course, is that they both must continue for the plot to move forward to twue wuv. when the respective charades come tumbling down, things get ugly. seriously ugly. ugly in a public manner and setting, ugly in a way that turns people into instantly unemployed pariahs. here, though, both get what they think they want because and you can see this one coming from the opening credits only then can they discover what they really want. that would be twue wuv, in case you were wondering. video is crisp and vibrant despite a wide variety of lighting conditions; similarly, the .surround mix boasts clear dialogue in a lot of difficult situations. there's not much here to warrant the "deluxe edition" appellation; it does sound better than "another edition." only a few extras return from the earlier release, including the commentary track with director donald petrie. the commentary is ok; petrie offers a lot of information about the shoot, but he really needs someone to talk with. also retained is a set of deleted scenes with commentary from petrie , an instantly forgettable video for keith urban's "somebody like you." new for this release are "how to make a movie in two years" a bland making-of short , "girls night out" sort of an interview with michele alexander and jeannie long, who wrote the original book , and "the battle of the sexes," a terminally lame bit in which two psychologists try to explain the wooing process, with various scenes from the film playing in the background. the two never quite seem to grasp that andie is not trying to woo, but to drive off, which makes me fervently hope that neither are seeing patients. interestingly, none of these extras features any of the actors. in short, there's nothing here that remotely warrants upgrading from the previous release. the rebuttal witnesses vapid as the plot is, there's no denying that the performances soar far above the material. mcconaughey's natural amiability sets him in good stead for the caddish ben, and kate hudson flings herself into the role of andie with relish. the two have great chemistry, particularly when andie is not acting like a lunatic their one-word meet cute is undeniably charming. the supporting cast is strong as well. bebe neuwirth brings her quirky charm to the role of andie's boss, who really would have no compunctions about torturing ben or anyone else, for that matter for a story. robert klein adds surprising warmth to the proceedings as ben's boss; his brief scene with andie at the climactic party is simple, but is perhaps the only emotionally true scene in the movie. i'm tempted to include the sequence at ben's parents, but that was all part of ben's plan and let's pause to consider that he would turn his own family into unwitting accomplices. the producers apparently looked at how to lose a guy in days as a challenge just how amoral could they make the leads and still turn a profit. the movie is full of scenes that work well in isolation; it's only when they are tied together that things fall apart. given the quality of the acting, direction, and cinematography, it's somewhat disheartening to think what how to lose a guy in days could have been with a better script or perhaps just nicer characters. guilty, but the sentence is suspended due to the actors' good behavior. give us your feedback what's "fair"? whether positive or negative, our reviews should be unbiased, informative, and critique the material on its own merits. scales of justice review content
__label__non_math	0.9960	judge dylan charles is developing an updated version of the series called precog blog. our review of early edition: the second season, published , is also available. what if you had tomorrow's news today? i'm the worst kind of young person; a disaffected, jaded, cynical youth who rolls his eyes at anything even remotely warm and fluffy. puppies? eye roll. tiny tim? eye roll. those chicken soup for the soul books? huge eye roll. by the time i had finished the first season of early edition i had rolled my eyes so thoroughly that i strained a muscle and now one of my eyes is permanently lazy. thanks early edition, thanks a lot. facts of the case gary hobson kyle chandler, friday night lights is an unhappy and unlucky stockbroker on the verge of a divorce when a mysterious cat shows up on his doorstep with a copy of the chicago sun times. turns out that this is no ordinary cat and this is no ordinary paper. it's tomorrow's paper and with it, gary is able to prevent crimes, accidents and heart transplants gone wrong. his friends are their by his side to give him the guidance he needs. marissa shanesia davis acts as his conscious, guiding him to do the right thing, while chuck fisher stevens, lost would just be happy with the sports page, winning lotto numbers and a peek at the financial section. this set contains the entire first season, spread across six discs. first edition has an interesting concept, one that's reminiscent of quantum leap, just without all the time travel. i was excited to see what they could do with the idea, having vague recollections of the show when it was on the air. this season suffers from the same problems all shows have during their freshman year however. the actors aren't yet comfortable with their characters and it shows. the acting from the three leads is at times painful and clunky. shanesia davis is the oddest offender here. i completely believed she was blind, even going so far as to check on imdb to see if the actress really was blind. but the rest of her acting leaves a bit to be desired. it felt like all the world like they pulled a random blind woman off the street and set her up in front of the camera. but, by the end of the season, all of the main actors seemed more comfortable in their skins and had developed a good chemistry betwixt each other. my big problem with early edition was the treacle factor. it can be sanctimonious, insubstantial fluff at times which gets unbelievably grating. take chuck, for instance. chuck spends a good deal of time trying to get gary to make some money off the paper. which gary refuses over and over again. gary's reasons for this aren't exactly clear however, just vague admonishments about how the paper isn't meant to be used that way. which is weird, cause gary has no clue why the paper is coming to him in the first place. in fact, the show seems to delight in crushing chuck's joy. his girlfriend gets plugged by the mob. his car is constantly be stolen, impounded or sucked up into tornados. he gets thrown into near-freezing lakes. he gets electrocuted by psychology students. and this comeuppance is apparently for the sinister crime of being kind of a jerk. the plots are also cringe-worthy at times, trying desperately to tug as many heart strings as possible. there's the story of the precocious, little girl who needs a heart transplant who teaches gary a lesson about having faith. or the other little girl who hits her head and spends the episode being so damned cute and cloying that gary risks letting 190 other people die just so she won't be alone. or the time a nun wins the lottery and donates all the proceeds to charity. or the guy who tries to kidnap the mayor's dog because his own dog died chasing a poodle. and then there are the lack of consequences. in two separate episodes, they tackled the idea of the difficult decisions gary must make between who he must save and who he has to let die. and in both cases, the problem is resolved for him, no matter what choice he makes. it doesn't make for very good drama when you know there's a safety net. this is more than a little annoying because when early edition drops the sugary treacle, it can actually be damned entertaining. the "christmas" episode with m. emmet walsh as the greatest santa claus ever is a good example of this. anytime santa tells someone that he's going to cough up blood because of disbelief is a damned fun time in my opinion. and "the wall," early edition's answer to oliver stone's jfk, actually proves to be an exciting mystery that ties together the actions of the past with what's going to happen in the future. paramount hasn't given much in the way of extras. in fact, the only things on these discs are the promos for each episode. shame on paramount. with a harder edge and less treacle, early edition's first season could have made full use of its premise and really delivered an interesting provocative show. instead, we get watered down quantum leap with more whining. if syrup doesn't bother you, than early edition should be fine. otherwise, steer clear. early edition is guilty of treacle in the first degree. this judge recommends death. give us your feedback what's "fair"? whether positive or negative, our reviews should be unbiased, informative, and critique the material on its own merits. scales of justice episodic promos review content
__label__non_math	0.9993	judge bryan byun once participated in a cruel experiment in human debasement and torture, but did not make the cut for american idol. how far would you go to survive? the "milgram experiment" is an infamous psychological experiment that's been taught to just about every introductory psychology class since it was published in . in this experiment, subjects were instructed to give test questions to "learners" actually researchers posing as subjects , who were supposedly hooked up to electro-shock generators. when the learners gave wrong answers, the subjects were to give them painful electric shocks, the shocks increasing gradually to fatal levels. surprisingly, percent of the participants obeying the orders of the experimenters and shocked the learners to the maximum level, despite the audible screams of those they believed they were torturing. the experiment has been repeated many times over the years, all over the world and with many variations, and the results have been remarkably consistent. most people find these results unbelievable we're certain we'd never be so gullible or weak as to commit stupid or immoral acts just because we were ordered to by an authority figure. or so we tell ourselves, as we obediently take off our shoes and submit to porno-scans and tsa grope-downs at the airport. whether we like it or not, all but the orneriest of us tend to become obedient little girls and boys around those we perceive to be in charge. naturally, this is irresistible storytelling fodder, as demonstrated by numerous documentaries, novels, films, and law and order episodes over the years. and in shellter, a creepy little low-budget shocker by cinematographer-turned-director dan donley, the premise gets pushed to the very extremes of horror. shellter begins with a young woman, zoey cari sanders waking up in a hospital bed, with hazy memories of being abducted and chloroformed by a pair of sinister gas-masked figures. she's informed by a doctor william tulin that she's in an underground shelter, and that the world above has been decimated by a virus that has turned nearly all of humanity into flesh-eating zombies. the doctor and his assistant maria olsen are holed up in the shelter, performing experiments on survivors in hopes of finding a cure. we barely have time to even begin suspecting that not all is as it seems, since it's immediately apparent from subtle clues the bloodstained walls, the crazy-eyed nurse with blood smeared all over her uniform and her lips both pairs, as it turns out sealed shut with surgical glue, and, oh yeah, the screaming woman strapped to an operating table whose amputated foot is being cut up and pan-seared before being fed to everyone in the shelter including the screaming woman that the doctor is, in fact, a sadistic lunatic, and zoey probably ought to think about getting the heck out of there. but of course, zoey doesn't, because she believes the virus apocalypse story she's been told, and because the doctor, even though he's obviously a deranged psychopath, is still a doctor, or at least dressed like one. she stays in the shelter despite witnessing an increasingly horrific series of atrocities, obeys the doctor's maniacal orders, and even begins to assist in his bloody "experiments." i'd like to say that zoey "descends into a nightmare of torture, murder, rape, and cannibalism and worse ," but since the film dispenses with any notion of building up to the horror and cuts right to the splatterfest, it's more of an abrupt free-fall into the crazy than a descent. this isn't necessarily a bad thing, because it's apparent from the first minute of the movie what the next minutes will offer. including the final "twist," which is so immediately obvious and no, there's no double-twist to subvert your initial suspicions that i'm not sure the filmmaker even intends it to be a shocking reveal. namely, lots and lots of extremely poor behavior, and lots and lots of agonized screaming. to the film's credit, there's more to shellter than just sick torture-porn thrills. writer-director donley is obviously out to tell a story of the kind of irrational obedience to authority demonstrated by the milgram experiment there's even a scene that essentially reenacts it, except of course with real, not simulated electricity as well as the abuse of power by those in authority. there are references to the nazis, of course, and to the sonderkommando jews in the death camps who helped the nazis exterminate fellow jews. and it's interesting, in a film that depicts so much violence and abuse of women, that donley brings themes of patriarchal sexism right up front, most explicitly in a scene in which a male survivor is brought to the shelter, and the mad doctor buys his compliance with promises of patriarchal power and sexual dominance. although, of course, it's not stated so much in those terms as "you can do anything you want to the women here shellter also features some strong performances from its leads. for an actor who for the most part isn't asked to do much more than stare in dazed horror at what's happening to and around her, cari sanders is believable in portraying the stunned, conflicted compliance of a woman who knows she ought to clobber the crazy doctor with a pipe and get the hell out of there, yet is too intimidated and afraid to do so. as the unnamed doctor, william tulin doesn't have the most memorable face or much of a menacing presence, but his nondescript blandness works in the role; if donley's going for a "banality of evil" vibe here, he achieves it in tulin, who comes across as a mildly genial dermatologist even as he's stabbing a pick through someone's eye socket into their prefrontal cortex. as mad doctors go, he's certainly an interesting contrast to dieter laser's cackling, wild-eyed dr. heiter in the human centipede. shellter doesn't have that film's polish or absurd sense of humor, but it's often genuinely disturbing in a way the human centipede isn't. unfortunately, as high-minded as donley's intentions may have been, the film's reach far exceeds its grasp, and what could have been a compelling foray into the darkest extremes of human nature is undermined by ham-fisted and shallow storytelling and directorial choices. for instance, is it really necessary to smear every single wall of the shelter with random, "ooh, scary shellter is a low-budget labor of love, and comes to dvd in a package that's heavy with special features, but light on basic features. the film was shot on digital video and although it looks pretty good, with realistic, cleverly constructed gore effects and a clean image, it lacks cinematic polish. naturally, it doesn't look like a saw film, but falls somewhere between that and a film school production: competent, but a little cheap. audio is clean and does the job, but if there's more going on here than a basic dolby digital mono soundtrack, i missed it. extras on the disc include a couple of deleted scenes one that i have trouble figuring out where in the film it would have gone, but which is pretty effective at driving home the film's themes, and one involving the discovery of some bodies that is creepy but probably wisely excluded and a slew of entertaining behind-the-scenes footage and outtakes. i'm always startled by how lighthearted horror film sets often are, given the grimness of the final product, and the juxtaposition between the gruesome, blood-splattered sets and the grinning, joking actors and crew is usually good for a laugh. there's a truly disturbing, terrifying horror film to be made from the premise of the milgram experiment and the theme of blind obedience to authority, but shellter despite some decent performances and truly revolting, shocking moments isn't that film. i have to give donley credit for pushing his film far beyond the mindless sadism of most films in the extreme horror sub-genre. shellter attempts to walk a very thin line between psychological horror and torture porn, but it simply isn't clever or nuanced enough to manage it. the court finds shellter guilty as charged, and orders the bailiff to increase the voltage. push the button, bailiff. now give us your feedback what's "fair"? whether positive or negative, our reviews should be unbiased, informative, and critique the material on its own merits. scales of justice studio: nervousa films deleted scenes review content
__label__non_math	0.9900	two years ago, ireland almost had to declare bankruptcy. having implemented strict austerity measures and reforms, it now looks set to rebound - as a role model for others? three years ago, ireland sought refuge under the eu's financial rescue scheme. there, it was granted billion euros billion by the euro group and the international monetary fund imf . under the deal, the irish government was obliged to take over all liabilities of the country's banks to avert an economic collapse. at that time, the banking sector had accumulated masses of bad property loans, together with huge speculation losses. the budget deficit reached a staggering percent of gdp. "a lost decade" since that time, there has been a change of government, and five austerity packages have been passed. during the process, domestic demand for goods and services collapsed and unemployment rose to percent. thousands of people emigrated, seeking their luck in australia, the us or the uk. these days ireland's taoiseach prime minister enda kenny, of the center-right fine gael party, is rigorously implementing the austerity measures and reforms agreed on with the eu and imf. "we never said it would be easy. we never said it would happen overnight," kenny said at a recent eu summit with regard to the results of the past two years. "we are in a very difficult situation. i want to stress that in the face of all these difficulties, whole parts of the irish society are experiencing that we have to make tough decisions - in the interest of the people and the country. we try to do this as fair as possible." by now the irish restructuring program is showing signs of success, according to philip lane, head of the faculty of economics at trinity college in dublin. over the past months, the irish economy has registered ever-so-slight growth, he said, a trend that should continue in . "to reach the gdp levels from before the crisis, i believe it's going to take us another five years. the recession was a very deep one," lane told dw. "we're still a far cry from where we used to be. what we need is continuous economic growth until . so, in a way, we can speak of a lost decade here." the tiger is ready to come roaring back the "celtic tiger" - that's what ireland was called during its economic boom years ago. once one of the poorest eu member states, it had fought its way up to having one of the union's highest per-capita gdps. but the property and financial crisis that followed turned the roaring tiger into a tiger rug. now kenny believes these days are over: "investment into ireland is very strong again." "i would like to remind you that prior to the change of government three years ago, we had lost 250,000 jobs. during the past year, ,000 new jobs have been created," kenny recently said in front of reporters. "there are signs of improvement: banks can once again take on loans without the help of the government, and some government agencies can issue their own bonds again. these are signs of confidence." but not all is rosy: the budget deficit still reached .percent of gdp; and for , the irish national debt is estimated to peak at 121 percent of gdp. export business is the key irish banks in particular are still in the process of adapting: many employees were let go, and the state had intervened by buying the banks' bad credits and placing them in a "bad bank" financed by european aid money. so while the - still - nationalized banks and the construction sector are still weak, other areas are improving continuously, especially the service and technology sectors. "there is a very functional export industry," said holger erdmann of the german-irish chamber of commerce in dublin. "due to the small domestic market in ireland, almost all manufacturers are exporting, too - so businesses and employees that are active in this field are doing rather well." lane believes that irish policy makers have managed rather well to distribute austerity measures evenly. besides, he said, income levels in ireland had been rather high anyways, compared to the european average. "most of the cuts had affected those with higher salaries, while those on the lower end remained somewhat protected - something that maybe didn't go so well in greece or in spain," lane told dw. erdmann agrees that there has been neither impoverishment of large segments of the population nor a large number of protests. "on weekends, actually starting from thursday, it's hard to even set a foot into bars or restaurants here in dublin. sometimes one really wonders: where is this economic crisis," he said in an interview with dw. but "of course there are groups in society that are marked by unemployment. some households had purchased property at the peak of the housing boom and later lost percent of its value. they are now unable to pay their mortgages." quarrel over old debts the irish leader is set to use the irish eu presidency during the first half of to extend his strict measures for economic consolidation to other crisis-stricken countries, such as spain, cyprus and greece. he also intends to push ahead with a european banking union, something that would serve ireland interests: the eurozone's permanent rescue fund esm should take over old accumulated debts from irish banks and thereby relieve the irish budget, kenny said. but the course of action regarding such "legacy assets" is highly disputed among the eurozone's finance ministers. sources within the german government suggest finance minister wolfgang sch uble strongly favors a solution in which each country has to manage its own legacy assets. ireland meanwhile is threatening to withhold interest payments to the rescue fund until a common solution for dealing with these assets has been found. kenny's official stance is one that suggests optimism: by the end of ireland wants to return to the international market, once again issuing government bonds without the help of any rescue fund. whether this will work depends heavily on the global economy, lane said, as ireland is tied to the success of its export business. german companies in the area of thermal insulation, biofuels and nanotechnology are once again interested in doing business with ireland, erdman said. but what really matters, he said, are irish business ties across the atlantic: "almost half of all foreign investments are coming from the us. over the past years, americans have invested more in ireland than in all the bric states - brazil, russia, india and china - combined," erdmann said. this shows how important the us is for ireland, he said, "americans simply like to use ireland as a stepping stone into europe, not least because ireland is the only english-speaking country in the eurozone." germany's parliament has begun lengthy debate on draft legislation to find the safest possible underground site to stash waste from nuclear power stations for eons. legislative details have already sparked ructions. western democracies, like the us, are seen as safe havens for press freedom. yet, the ongoing ap scandal suggests that surveillance of journalists is no taboo. what is the situation in germany? glitzy and kitsch acts ranging from euro-pop, to a song inspired by the greek debt crisis and a gay marriage anthem featuring a lesbian kiss are set to tussle it out for saturday's eurovision song contest crown.
__label__non_math	0.9998	dxn sri lanka is a malaysian based mlm company producing and distributing health food supplement, skin care and cosmetic products. a fastest growing mlm multi level marketing or network marketing organization. health food supplement and beverages include in , in dxn lingzhi coffee cancer medicine , black coffee, eucafe, spirulina cereal, morinzhi syrup, nutrizhi, reishi gano rg , ganoderma lucidum gl , spirulina capsule, cordyceps, bee pollen and many more. skin care and cosmetic products range from ganozhi soap, toothpaste, lipstick, lotion, tea tree cream, body form, shampoo to baby oil. founded in by dr. lim siow jin. after more than twenty years of research and scientific analysis, dr. lim siow jin finally discovered ganoderma lucidum also known as king of herbs would benefit all mankind. today with an international reputation, dxn can boast of its world class lingzhi farm and gmp standard neutraceutical factory. operations in over 145 countries including sri lanka, and with over three million registered distributors worldwide, it is solidifying its position as the world leader in health food supplement, skin care and cosmetic products. the effectiveness of the health products have proven to be a most sought after medicine in sri lanka and worldwide. many people with illnesses such as diabetes, wheezing, cancer, pressure, cholesterol and many more have been benefited by this miraculous herb. if you wish to know about the patients individually, they are present on saturdays at dxn colombo from . the colombo office is situated in kollpity and open from monday through saturday. dxn is a success because of the multi level marketing or mlm system and had created many jobs in colombo and throughout sri lanka. the system ensures the products reach the rich, poor and the ordinary at a very nominal cost. therefore they are not bothered to invest on high paid advertising and thereby increase the cost of products. this is a great way to earn extra income in sri lanka with dxnincluding coffee and also a freelance job for most and a high commission based job in sri lanka.
__label__math	0.8955	canon adds a new high resolution aps-c sensor camera with its new model eos 500d. for this entry-level camera in the most competitive category currently , canon clearly chose to provide the highest resolution available even as pixel size becomes smaller and smaller. results for the canon eos 500d are comparable to those for the canon eos 50d launched a year ago. with a global dxomark score of ., the eos 500d ranks 18th on the aps-c ranking out of cameras , and 37th on the global dxomark ranking out of cameras overall, all models . key sensor characteristics the canon eos 500d features a .mpix cmos sensor, which is the highest resolution for aps-c sensors currently available. its pixel pitch .7 m is more comparable to those of :format sensors than of aps-c. key performance factors the global performance of the canon remains good even if its iso measurements are a bit low in comparison with the results of the last several aps-c cameras: color depth ., 27th on the aps-c ranking , and dynamic range ., 8th on the aps-c ranking . the eos 500d s low-light iso performance is a bit on the low side as well 663, 12th on the aps-c ranking . the autocorrelation function was checked as with every camera on dxomark.com. for each iso along the eos d500 s entire dynamic range, the autocorrelation function shows a single peak, which denotes white noise only and no trade-off between resolution and signal-to-noise ratio due to preprocessed raw signal. disclaimer: this dxomark review evaluates only the selected camera s raw sensor performance metrics i.e., color depth, dynamic range, and low-light iso , and should not be construed as a review of the camera s overall performance, as it does not address such other important criteria as image signal processing, mechanical robustness, ease of use, flexibility, optics, value for money, etc. while raw sensor performance is critically important, it is not the only factor that should be taken into consideration when choosing a digital camera. canon eos 500d dxomark review
__label__non_math	1.0000	new data for the panasonic lumix dmc-gh1 tuesday, further readings for the new data for the panasonic lumix dmc-gh1 to provide photographers with a broader perspective about mobiles, lenses and cameras, here are links to articles, reviews, and analyses of photographic equipment produced by dxomark, renown websites, magazines or blogs.
__label__non_math	0.9993	all copy rights are own by the authors of the page. the top frame allow dxzone.com visitors to display current dxzone.com rating, track clicks and allow to express a personal rating. moreover the top frame allow to report the link as a broken link, and a special "remove frame" link allow to remove the top frame iteself. the top frame should be considered as a part of the dxzone.com service, but not affiliated with the authors of this page nor responsible for its content. by providing links to other sites, dxzone does not guarantee, approve or endorse the information or products available at these sites, nor does a link indicate any association with or endorsement by the linked site to dxzone. the dxzone respects the intellectual property rights and other proprietary rights of others. the dxzone may, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, remove certain content or disable access to content that appears to infringe the identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; an exact description of where the material about which you complain is located within the dxzone pages; your address, telephone number, and email address; a statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the owner of the your electronic or physical signature.
__label__non_math	0.9958	for over years, dyna-graphics has delivered quality state-of-the-art membrane switch technology for a wide range of industries throughout the united states and the world with a broad variety of specifications and requirements. membrane switch technology products services include: one of dyna-graphics well-established advances in membrane switch technology is the k-motion membrane switch, a cost-effective membrane switch meeting the demanding requirements of client specifications see the membrane switches page for detailed information . dyna-graphics is a recognized leader in the continual improvement of the quality and reliability of total membrane switch - membrane keypad - graphic overlay technology solutions. recognizing the need to meet customer requirements and specifications at a reasonable cost has been a key factor in dyna-graphics design and engineering philosophy. to meet this need, dyna-graphics has partnered with a highly reputable and experienced chinese manufacturing source. dyna-graphics unique ongoing long-term relationship with this highly regarded and knowledgeable chinese manufacturing source is further enhanced by this production facility s iso : certification. in the case of membrane switches, dyna-graphics prides itself in the continuing practice of testing of membrane switches, supplying a dyna-graphics certificate of compliance as required. in addition, dyna-graphics has the flexibility to integrate customer-supplied test fixtures as needed. as you browse the dyna-graphics website, you ll clearly see our extensive experience and knowledge in the design, development, production oversight, testing and inspection of membrane keypads, graphic overlays, printed circuit board pcb assembly capabilities, touch screen terminals, and membrane switches. along with our offshore source partner, dyna-graphics has the additional benefit of being capable of quickly and efficiently delivering production parts to the client s own production facilities in the far east area china, singapore, etc. . as always, dyna-graphics prides itself in meeting and exceeding the customer s most stringent specifications and requirements contact dyna-graphics with your needs today
__label__non_math	0.9998	today is 31th anniversary of reine barkered our favorite swedish athlete, it is an opportunity to come back to the year that has passed and ask him some questions about his season with dynastar. with three podiums you finish second overall on the fwt this season only a few points of a new title of world champion. your feel about this season, your performances but also your disappointments? r.b: i had a lot of fun this season, even though the mountains have been a little bit small i like the big lines i am very happy with my results but i little disappointed in my own skiing because i know i could have done a lot better, still its the little things every competitions that makes the difference so sometimes you can only ski and hope for the best. your feeling about the dynastar skis? r.b: there is no other brand that have the skis that i require to ski my very best, stable but at the same time flexible so you can use them in any terrain. dynastar have a long history of building the best skis and it really shows. an anecdote to share with us, during your trips or your competitions? r.b: one day in courmayeurwe where going for an inspection run next to our venue. of the worlds best riders where let loose at the same time on an epic run with deep powder. it was amongst the coolest things i ve seen when all dropped in sending cliffs to right and left virtually destroying the whole face, no crashes just super good skiing. wish i had filmed it. words to live by r.b: decide what to be, and go be it. reine is years old, and is one of the most respected riders in the world of freeride. once again we can count on him for the next season to lead the fwt and regain his title of world champion.
__label__non_math	1.0000	begin by purchasing e -counseling session here patricia roles' virtual e-counseling room read carefully before purchasing session below: by continuing you affirm that you have read, understood and agree with the terms and conditions of e-therapy listed on this site. credit card processing:further down the page is the paypal credit card link who offer a secure credit card service. credit card processing: paypal offers secure on line credit card transactions from your credit card or bank account that is linked with paypal. it is during this process that the appropriate fee will be listed and billed to your credit card in canadian dollars. important details:after putting the in the credit card information, you will be taken to a confirmation page. at the bottom of the page click "click here to continue". you will be taken to the session page with instructions where to click to begin your session. when you click on start session, this then takes you to an outlook screen with the e-mail address: firstname.lastname for those without microsoft outlook: some individuals have had problems because they don't have microsoft outlook installed on their computer. if this is your situation, after payment, you can type your session in any email account you have and put the words "initial session" in the subject line and send it to email and this way it won't go into junk mail. if you purchase the package of e-counselling sessions, there are no time limitations. you can use them whenever you wish. after your payment and first session have been received you just reply to the same email address for subsequent emails until you have completed your sessions. you do not have to return to the site to start the 2nd and 3rd session. you will receive responses minimum pages each . single session register and pay for one session: minimum page response .cad funds session package register and pay for a package of regular sessions: minimum page response .cad funds if you encounter problems with the link to start your session, you can send me an email through the feedback link on this site at: feedback to patricia roles west broadway, vancouver, bc, canada patricia roles' online therapy services 604-375- patricia roles, virtual e-counseling room, e-mailtherapy.com, burnaby, bc, canada spelling variations for counseling: counselling, e-counselling, online counselling, internet counselling, cyber counselling, e-mail counselling, email counselling, virtual counselling, counsellor.
__label__non_math	0.9880	adjustable-rate mortgages see record low rates in arm rates lower than ever interest rates for adjustable-rate mortgages arms hit record-low levels in , freddie mac said in a recent report. according to freddie mac s adjustable-rate mortgage arm survey of prime loan offerings, arm rates hit the lowest levels ever recorded in the yearly survey. this is the 29th year of the arm survey. monetary policy from the federal reserve has helped to keep short-term mortgage rates at very low levels, freddie mac noted, and has also help to lower longer-term mortgage rates, as well. but record-low arm rates haven t necessarily resulted in higher levels of arm activity. homebuyers have shied away from arms, particularly -year arms, because they are wary of the risk and uncertainty, frank nothaft, vice president and chief economist at freddie mac, said in a statement. the potential for much larger payments if, interest rates are significantly higher in the future, and the high delinquency rates borrowers have experienced on arms in recent years, have led consumers to prefer fixed-rate loans instead of arms. nothaft continued: in addition, fixed-rate loans currently carry rates near historic lows, and only a small amount above initial rates on arms. average rates for popular -year fixed-rate mortgages continually fell to new record lows throughout much of . however, homeowners could be leaving savings on the table by overwhelmingly choosing fixed mortgages over arms. for example, as freddie mac noted in the report, a borrower who chooses a -year arm over a -year fixed mortgage and therefore gets a mortgage rate that is .percentage points lower would have about 250,000 loan. during , arms comprised one-in-ten new home-purchase loans, according to the federal housing finance agency, nothaft said. we are expecting arms to gradually gain back some favor with mortgage borrowers, with the arm share rising to percent of the home-purchase market in .
__label__non_math	0.9999	you are entitled to return the product for any reason within days of having received it. you have the right to open the package and check the contents but the product must be return unused. all original packaging, price labels etc shall be returned with the product without alteration. please note that you are responsible for the product until it reaches us. send the package with the dispatch number so that it can be traced. return shipment charges are at your charge.
__label__non_math	0.9996	weather hampers virginia regional festival of flight peter braswell photo a series of moving, unsettled weather, including rain and thunderstorms up and down the east coast last weekend diminished attendance for the virginia regional festival of flight. nearly 200 aircraft from as far away as massachusetts, michigan, and north carolina flew into the suffolk regional airport, which is a decrease over last year, but organizers were upbeat nonetheless considering the weather they had to deal with. suffolk managed actually had good flying conditions the two days prior to opening day as well as friday and saturday but heavy rain, thunder, and lightning mid-afternoon sunday quickly shut down the event. the weather challenges stretched from south carolina to tennessee to ohio and up into pennsylvania and north, said dee whittington, pr chairman. scott huff and lindy kirkland, aircraft parking co-chairmen, reported that the numbers were down from last year due to weather in the surrounding areas, notably in north carolina that prevented many regulars from flying in. the first rally adventure race event offered a new way for pilots to fly their homebuilt or lsa planes on a nm triangular course against the clock. organizer charles collier reported that pilots were pleased with the course. this was a good year to work out the bugs in the system, but still things went rather well, he said. all should expect an earlier announcement of the rally adventure on the fly-in website, as well as more pilot handouts on saturday of the fly-in. the fly-in experienced the largest number of forums and workshops ever. expert presenters from throughout the country had workshops on alternative engines, engine overhaul, propeller maintenance and overhaul, weather judgment, corrosion in aging aircraft, and the latest in efis technology. even with the sunday weather challenges, several forums continued with large, attentive audiences. the rv and tent camping area held 130 campers, another growing area of the fly-in. this year also featured new, attractive banners signs and a large, front gate welcome banner mounted on two ham radio towers. paved roads created greater access to vendors, forums, workshops, the pancake breakfast, rv camping, and the youth tents. attendees hopped on the two tractor-drawn shuttles to visit the fighter factory on the other side of the airport. the large hangar offered a peek at a major restoration facility which continues to bring back to flying status wwii and an increasing number of wwi era airplanes. for the first time at the festival of flight, the nasa exhibit offered kids the chance to use three flight simulators with expert teachers. in another location, a full motion p-simulator provided a realistic flight experience. radio controlled aircraft rc modelers, located next to the youth area, flew their electric model aircraft all day. in addition, the kids had a session each day with an experienced rc builder and flier learning about this sport. aircraft vendors were dominated by light-sport aircraft, but the fly-in also welcomed waco classic aircraft from michigan. and from chesapeake, an adjoining city, a bakeng duce under construction showed excellent wood workmanship by students at the aviation institute of maintenance. after the saturday night dinner attended by more than 200 volunteers, musician ravi, sponsored by sennheiser, performed several songs. the acclaimed singer-songwriter, who has spoken at airventure, sun 'n fun, and several aviation training centers, said the future of flying in this country depends on a more professional approach by flight schools, more creative marketing by manufacturers and distributors, and an engaged pilot population who promote the utility and fun of flying to the general population. on a rise overlooking the main display area, nearly 100 boy scouts with adults set up a tent city, an increase over last year. also present was a large contingent of the virginia defense force, a back up for the virginia national guard.
__label__non_math	0.7695	my lab focuses on how the mind percieves time during moments of crisis. we often hear that "time slows down" when we experience something like a fall from a roof, or a car accident. why is this? see below for a number of media appearances where i discuss this phenomenon and what we think is really happening. david discusses how time could very well be a construct of the human mind in this episode of "through the wormhole." listen as the guys at radiolab bring the whole experience of free-falling, and how it seems to make time slow down, to life. here's an experiment in which my lab studied time perception by dropping volunteer subjects from a 150 foot high tower. free fall. subjects are going miles per hour when they hit the net. in spanish en espa ol want more details? the results of our experiment are published here. new scientist magazine recently featured our time perception research as their cover story.
__label__non_math	0.9878	table of contents - questions answers - popular remedies - anise oil - apple cider vinegar - apple cider vinegar, cayenne - black bean soup - eucalyptus, sage, salt water - green tea with baking soda - habanero peppers - hydrogen peroxide - massage pad - raw ginger - red wine vinegar, ground red pepper - remedies needed - salt water - slippery elm - snore relief otc - thyme essential oil steam the best natural remedies to cure or treat laryngitis "laryngitis is an inflammation of the larynx. it causes hoarse voice or the complete loss of the voice because of irritation to the vocal folds vocal cords . laryngitis is categorized as acute if it lasts less than a few days. otherwise it is categorized as chronic, and may last over weeks. in most instances, the symptoms accompanying laryngitis are more directly linked to the causative factor, such as infection. in cases caused by overuse of the voice, symptoms other than vocal impairment may be absent. laryngitis, hoarseness or breathiness that lasts for more than two weeks may signal a voice disorder and should be followed up with a voice pathologist. this is typically a vocology certified slp speech language pathologist or a laryngologist voice specialized ent ." wikipedia our readers offer information and opinions on earth clinic, not as a substitute for professional medical prevention, diagnosis, or treatment. please consult with your physician, pharmacist, or health care provider before taking any home remedies or supplements or following any treatment suggested by anyone on this site. only your health care provider, personal physician, or pharmacist can provide you with advice on what is safe and effective for your unique needs or diagnose your particular medical history. yea : suzanne from jacksonville, fl: "i want to try this apple cider vinegar, cayenne ... this is driving me crazy here. years ago, however, my nail tech told me to try anise oil. she swabbed the back of my throat with anise oil, and i got my voice back. the only problem with this is, as many of your know, anise oil is what gives black licorice its flavor. and for me, that is eeeyuuckk : small town u.s.a. from iberia, missouri replies: "here's something ive done to get my voice back in a few hrs. to day eat a raw lemons w salt, after about lemons salt you'll have your voice back. i take care of kids losing my voice happens a lot this has always helped. if you dont like lemons eat a spoonful of all natural honey after. if you can get honey from mininights ? its the best apple cider vinegar cure for laryngitis home remedy ingredients: - apple cider vinegar - tablespoon - cayenne pepper - tablespoon - warm water - large glass drink and gargle with the following mixture to soothe laryngitis and reduce inflammation one tablespoon each of apple cider vinegar, powdered cayenne pepper, and honey mixed in a large glass of warm not hot water. better but not cured : evan from ny, ny: "i am a professional singer with reflux laryngytis. i have tried tablespoons of organic apple cider vinegar 3x a day, yesterday for the first time. i already did see a small improvement. my question is what time of day should i take the acv in water? before a meal, after a meal?.. also any other recommendations to improve this "lump" in my throat? the prescription medicines didn't improve my situation drastically. thanks"replies yea : ryan from modesto, ca replies: "i just tried the apple cider vinegar and cayenne pepper sauce concoction and it seems to be breaking up the mucus or whatever causes the lump in the throat. i think this will help with continued use..... it kind of opens up the sinuses too. i've been using a nasal irrigator as well and that may be helping too." : tjensen from edgerton, wi replies: "i've found a couple remedies. the 1st is tbsp acv, tbsp honey, about -oz hot water. mix stir till the honey is completely disolved mixed in. down if you can or drink fast sips. the 2nd is a "tea". tbsp cocnut oil, tbsp honey, tsp cinnamon, a large mug of filtered hot water. i warmed mine up in the microwave to make sure it was hot enough to disolve the oil honey. the site has lots of ideas to help us. all of these also help the sinuses as i have chronic sinusitis." apple cider vinegar, cayenne : mmsg from somewhere, europe replies: "yikes : dihjet from new york city, ny replies: "never use a whole cup of apple cider vinegar. the videos i've seen by naturapath doctors say tablespoons in water, with whatever else you are adding. and you drink it down. that was way too much and i'm glad you were okay afterwards." i think you should double check the recipe on this one, somebody steered you way wrong." yea : victoria from mosta, malta, eu replies: "i tried this and am already feeling tons better and my voice sounds better too... it is true it removes mucus.... i couldn't believe how effective it is yea : nicole from chicago, il: "i had acute laryngitis on saturday morning. so i started drinking tea with lemons in it. the next day, i woke up feeling worse. so i yahooed cures for laryngitis and stumbled across this site. i switched from drinking tea to apple cider vinegar and had immediate results. then, i started taking cough drops and noticed that my throat was becoming more and more congested. so i stopped taking the cough drops and found out about cayenne pepper. i mixed it in with the acv and lemon water and regained of my voice in an hour yea : elizabeth from danbury, connecticut replies: "i lost my voice very late this wednesday night, so late its probably better to say very early thursday morning. i loose my voice a lot and i keep cough drops with zinc on hand. i have spring preview for college on sunday so i need to get my voice back as quickly as possible. the cough drops were less affective than usual because my laryngitis was considerably worse than usual. i gargled salt water friday night and did multiple sinus rinses. nothing seemed to drastically improve my voice. so finally saturday morning i reluctantly gargled with apple cider vinegar while in the shower since i keep some in there for dandruff, its amazing yea : zora from chicago, il replies: "i had a severe cold over the weekend, and, when it disappeared, it settled into my throat this past tuesday. all day tuesday, i was becoming increasingly hoarse. i gargled with salt water, and only continued to get worse. i had full-blown laryngitis by tuesday evening. i could not speak at all. even whispering caused sharp pains in my throat. after reading the recommended notes on earth clinic excellent site, by the way i was teaching wednesday morning for hours, and had to be able to speak. i was desperate, and was encouraged by the stringy stuff that i was able to spit out while gargling. yes, my chapped lips burned a bit and my nose ran, but nothing too terrible to handle. the next morning i again used the same solution, and was encouraged that i could occasionally speak over a whisper. i was able to get through my teaching with the aid of a microphone, half whispering and half croaking out the notes. i gargled more times on wednesday. after the overuse during the morning, i was back to whispering wednesday night, but a bit louder. this morning thursday i was able to speak for another hours, with a croaky voice, but did not need the microphone. i've gargled again since coming home, and right now just have a husky voice a la kathleen turner . i plan on gargling again tonight and the next day or two until my voice is well recovered. thank you, thank you, earth clinic and contributors side effects : stacy from evansville, in replies: "when anybody gargled with the apple cider vinegar did it burn? i didn't use the cayenne pepper just gargled with the apple cider and it burned. information or ideas on this would be greatly appreciated." yea : patricia from wilson, wy replies: "i found this forum when dealing with laryngitis. on vacation to ireland, and have not been able to speak for several days mixed about a tablespoon of honey with about one teaspoon of cayenne. added a few drops of water to thin it just slightly. ate the mixture off the spoon, letting it set on the back of my throat and hang there a bit. it only burned slightly for about one minute, then my throat felt better than it had for days within twenty minutes, my clogged sinuses were dripping clear liquid instead of heavy mucus the source of the laryngitis, i am sure and i can speak i looked at my throat in a mirror before and after taking the mixture. big difference. and i am not having to clear my throat or coughing like i had been. that made it worse. this is amazing." yea : ginny from pensacola, fl usa replies: "worked when nothing else did : peter from paris, france replies: "sat, nov - have had laryengitis for three days and wanted to try this remedy. brewed the mixture as directed above and gargled. so far, my lips are burning but my voice isn't back. i am back on tea and thinking positive..." : sue from edmonton, alberta, canada replies: "try milk of magnesia in peppermint flavor. this is very alkalizing and will cure your sore throat quickly. you should know that this actually cured my daughter's mono very quickly and we have used this remedy over and over again to cure sore throats. good luck. sue" yea : dan from kansas city, mo replies: "wow yea : umme maryam from islamabad, pakistan replies: "i had bronchitis last week. doctor prescribed an inhaler and amoxil antibiotic , which made my stomach terribly upset. so i discontinued the amoxil. this week my voice was gone sat morning.. i was gargling with salt water.. but i tried i cup warm boiled water with -tablespoons apple cider vinegar, a pinch of cayenne and a tsp of honey and yeah i got of my voice back : gavin from manganui, northland, new zealand replies: "i think cayenne must be a good antibiotic.. i had these sores at the side of my mouth and thought that i'd try a bit of creative thinking.. i mixed a third cayenne a third tumeric and a third coconut oil ev. gave it a good stir. then rubbed a bit either side of my mouth before bed.. it stung at first.. when i checked in the morning i noticed a blanched ulcer.. which is a good sign as it means the infection or whatever it was, was nailed... after three dabs over a twenty four hour period, the stinging stopped and the ulcer was shrunk to half the size it started out at. and looks healthy. its healing so well i thought i'd post." yea : cali from columbia, maryland replies: "oh my gosh. it's and i was desperate for relief from sore throat, coughing, laryngitis. found this page. thought what the heck i'll try anything at this point. did not have cayenne pepper so used chipotle peppers. c. acv, tbsp honey, less than tsp chipotle pepper, c. hot tap water. mixed thoroughly and gargled it all. effect was immediate. actually didn't taste that bad either although with this full blown sinus infection i can't taste much. mouth was burning a little but i didn't care and it didn't last. whoever thought this up is both insane and a genius. how often do i do it though? thank you yea : joan from cottonwood, arizona replies: "i have had laryngitis for over a month and have been trying a mixture from my nathuropathic doctor. i had bronchitis last december hadn't had that for twenty years and pneumonia in april. i have had allergy issues most of my life. i am now infection free, but the laryngitis has been on going. i had been gargling with hot salt water daily with a little success. i went hunting today and found this suggestion, so made myself a gargle with tbsp. of acv, tsp. cayenne, tbsp. honey in a cup of hot water. i am finally having some voice, so will continue to use this remedy. i am off from work for two days, so am feeling this will be the cure i need.... that and not having to talk for two days : julie from geelong, victoria, australia replies: "i used red wine vinegar tbsp tabasco sauce half tsp tbsp honey - all in cup warm water as thats all i had in pantry. gargled small amounts then spat out - kept doing til got through whole mixture. noticed i could speak whole sentences minutes after but voice still raspy occassionally. definite immediate improvement feels clearer. cant wait to see results 2moro as im supposed to be teaching for hrs black bean soup yea : robin from highland, ny: "re getting your voice back -- : kaitlin from mission viejo, ca writes: "i had a really bad cough that lasted about days, before i finally got sick of it and drank some apple cider vinegar, it helped my ccough almost instantly after hearing that japanese opera singers eat black bean soup before performing i tried it for severe laryngitis. i'm a soprano and was singing bass. after trying the black bean soup i was up to alto in one day and back to soprano in two."replies : michelle from seattle, washington, usa replies: "do you have the recipe? i am playing the lead in cinderella and need my voice back pronto. i'm already gargling - but would love to combo the two yea : melissa from sherwood, arkansas: "i woke up sunday morning and could barely speak. i tried nyquil at night and theraflu daytime during the day. the nyquil only helped me sleep...i'd wake up the next day and the hoarse voice was still there. i came across cayenne pepper as a remedy for ear infections so i thought perhaps it might help the voice throat as well. i got a coffee mug and filled it about full of water and a teaspoon of cayenne pepper and touched "hot water" on other microwaves, this would be the equivalent of maybe one minute on high...maybe and let the microwave set the time my microwave has some functions that are weight-sensitive . then i let the mixture cool for a few minutes. i took a mouthful of it, gargled with it, spit it out and repeated the procedure until the cup was almost empty. that was twenty minutes ago and i have already noticed a change for the better worked temporarily : vicky from mansfield, ohio usa replies: "this did help briefly. no cure for me : doug from whittier, california replies: "you should not use a microwave to heat anything. it kills all nutritional values of anything your heating including changing structure of water. it will also turn them into carcinogens and you will develope cancer. just like a cell phone it uses microwaves to send and receive causes brain tumors in the shape of the antenna. the first thing you can do for good health is throw out the microwave : eve k from houston, tx replies: "what specific evidence has shown that microwaving is hazardous? i have never heard of anyone getting a brain tumor in the shape of an antenna from using a cell phone...it has been ages since cell phones had external antennas... all of the studies i have read about nutrition in vegetables state that veggies maintain the most nutrients when microwaved versus boiling, steaming, grilling, sauteeing or oven roasting. : susan from big sky country, montana replies: "kudos doug, i so agree with your convictions regarding microwave ovens. who needs a mini-nuclear sp? power plant in their kitchen? everyone thinks i'm crazy to not own one but i don't miss fast zapped useless harmfull food at all." : carri from lake forest, california, usa replies: "just because it's acceptable to use microwave ovens today does not mean it is safe. look around you, there is so much today that is acceptable and yet down the road we find out it is harming us. it's all about money. i found an article about the dangers of microwaves. check it out. : labes from toronto, ontario, canada replies: "hi carry, i don't think that microwave ovens are dangerous because the energy of a microwave is unable to reach the energy of ionization, so there will be no free radicals. the microwave can just make molecules vibrates to generate heat. so from energetic point of view, i don't think there is an issue, however, from other point of views plastic heating, etc , i have no idea. happy to hear from you." : francisca from michelbach-le-bas, alsace, france replies: "sorry but i don't agree with you and i don't use microwaves myself. from what i have heard changes happen in the food which makes it a lot worse for your health than cooked food." : ted from new york, ny replies: "that is correct about microwave ovens. especially if you're trying to heal. what is with people with this "where is the scientific proof bla, bla, bla... " it has been proven in science that microwaves, cell phones etc omit radioactive waves that mutate your cells which leads to cancer. the reason why it's not made public often is because it would effect the bottom line of billion dollar corporations. show me the proof that microwaves are safe? where is that proof? i'm not trying to sound angry but we're on the topic if health and healing. the reason why we are so unhealthy as a whole is beacuse of this corporate brainwashing. we human beings are the only animals that cook and process our food. the only other animals that are sick and dying of horrible diseases like humans are animals kept as pets and in zoos. why? because they eat man made processed food : carly from seattle, wa - usa replies: "ryan, any heat over a certain temp will kill enzymes. the problem with using a microwave is being able to maintain the heat at a low enough and consistant enough level to keep it from killing off enzymes.anyone who has ever scalded their mouth on microwaved food knows that they tend to superheat some parts of the food. they are not an even heat source for the most part.--------------------below from: the microwave oven issue: not as clear-cut as most of us assume. microwaves can seriously deplete the nutrients in food. it's not surprising that microwave heating of food results in losses of nutrients because all heating methods have a similar effect. however, microwave heating appears to produce the greatest losses. microwaves may also cause pathological changes in our bodies. once the structure of a food is altered, it is unable to perform the desired function in our bodies. clinical studies have shown that microwave heating of milk or cooking of vegetables is associated with a decline in hemoglobin levels. will that kill you? probably not. is it good for you? i doubt it. these reductions may contribute to anemia, thyroid deficiency, and rheumatism. -------------------------------to conclude - i never meant to suggest i was terrified of microwaves. i simply meant that they are, in my opinion, probably not the best choice for warming up things like acv or bsm due to the super heating of the food by the microwaves. i do own, and sometimes use a microwave. just not for everything.oh, and i am not a "liberal vegan nutcase" as you so nicely worded it either, just for the record. c'est tout it is very difficult to warn people about the dangers of the microwaves as they think that if they are sold in the shops they couldn't surely be dangerous? who would let shops sell something that will harm us.... well, most of the stuff we buy do harm us in , swiss biologist and food scientist dr. hans hertel studied the effects of microwaved food. eight people participated in the study. for eight weeks, they lived in a controlled environment and intermittently ate raw foods, conventionally cooked foods and microwaved foods. blood samples were tested after each meal. they discovered that eating microwaved food, over time, causes significant changes in blood chemistry: . a decrease in hemoglobin and cholesterol values, in the hdl good cholesterol versus ldl bad cholesterol ratio and in white blood cells, weakening the immune system, and an increase in leukocyte levels, which tends to indicate poisoning and cell damageconditions ripening the body for degenerative diseases and or cancer. also this can be called leukemia yes it was a small study but imagine trying to get money to fund a really large study when corporate dollars are at risk if the findings were clear cut against microwaves. as said above russia banned microwaves after finding them abandoned by whermacht soldiers during wwii. the russians wisely tested them and banned them as too dangerous to heat food for human consumption.": francisca from zug, switzerland replies: "sorry to insist again gavin but hadn't you told me that you were making orange juice with lemon and acv? i don't know how to do searches on this site, somehow they never seem to work out so i can't track your other post. anyway, i suppose that a bit of orange juice won't do any harm bottom line... money makes people blind i too basically only use one to heat packs of gel to be used in a heating pad for my knee as boiling them on the gas stove seems to overheat the gel packs and melt them a bit. as for hrt, i was really blessed during my menopause and never once had a hot flash or other symptom and therefore was never tempted to take a prescription as i needed no relief. i love this site as i get ideas from so many people who share what worked for them. the only problems i have left is deciding which possible solutions might suit my particular physiology. it can be overwhelming at first but everything i've tried has been successful so far i just keep on reading and trying things out myself. it's all any of us can do, after all is said done. just keep reading trying... linda :- ": linda from new haven, ct replies: "louwrence, no. can't say that i have but it certainly doesn't sound appealing at all. i actually don't use one myself for cooking, i was just talking about the particular experiment that was specifically addressed. linda": gavin from manganui, northland, new zealand replies: "sorry for the delay in replying as i've been away for a few days... yes francisca i was trying orange juice.. but not much happened.. i had tried grapefruit juice in the past with good results.. since grapefruit is a cross between an orange and a lemon.. i deduced that the active part was the lemon?? so made the lemon juice, sweetened it with honey and added the daily dose of acv to it about six capfuls in a bottle that diluted the lemon juice to . i think the lemon juice dissolves the type of dead calcium that acv doesn't. as the results on my ear were remarkable, and the eyes as i'm typing without reading glasses. i mentioned that acv and lemon juice are natural cleaning agents that can be used internally. lemon juice is anti viral, anti bacterial and anti fungal.. it strengthens blood vessel walls to the point of stopping strokes, its got so many benefits, it was considered, one of the most important things in the natural health regime. plus it hasn't been geneticaly changed much over the years like bananas and oranges. it drops the blood sugar in about twenty minutes. it's the only thing which stops the raging thirst of diabetics. so all in all it's worth a good deal of research.": maria from gippsland, australia replies: "hi gavin, in addition to all the benefits you listed acv and lemon both contain some potassium which may help with hearing. i know magnesium can help with some hearing issuses but the potassium is new to me and wondering what your thoughts are?": gavin from manganui, northland, new zealand replies: "that's an interesting one.. i was on a magnesium and zinc capsule, and it seemed to do nothing for the hearing, but great for not getting the flu over the winter, when i first started acv. the sinuses cleared up virtually overnight, and stayed cleared up, and i thought the ear got better intermittently, mind you it was the vinegar without the mother. it's all trial and error, but when you get something that seems to work within a week, on a condition that's plagued you for a decade it's definitely worth reporting. at the moment i'm on 3mg of boron, a kelp tablet and a couple of fish oil capsules. plus a 1000mg of vitamin c.... plus the glass of lemon and acv. with the mother . i take it all in the morning now, as anytime to close to bedtime seemed to stuff up the sleeping. i used to get a few palpitations, but they seem to be long gone. people have remarked on how healthy i'm looking, the lemon juice seems to boost the acv glow. since getting good results with the lemon juice, i've done a bit of research, but it might just be a really good form of vitamin c that's natural and easily ingested which gives it good results. but the old "herbals" say it's as good as quinine for malaria. its used in some asian countries to stop std's it immobilises sperm and prevents conception. kills off worms in the intestines it's a bit like iodine, just cleaning the milk vats out with an iodine solution gave most people their quota of iodine, but since they changed the cleaning process, thats showing a deficiency in the general population. supplementing for the essential elements seems to be a good idea, it just takes a few months for it to get to the cellular level. with regards to lemons.. apparently in britain it was law that sailing ships had to have enough lemons on board to stop scurvy. since most of the long voyages could last for months. it could be an interesting exercise to observe the modern diet, and see if a lot of the illness is due to reduced levels of vitamin c. i know that oranges as they get sweeter lose their vitamin c content. malaise and lethargy, are prevelent in not having enough.. i'd bet that a diet based on convenience foods would be low in most vitamins.": timh from louisville, ky, usa replies: "too much zinc can deplete copper or visa versa, but they don't really antagonize each other in moderate, functional levels; two forms of the body's natural super oxide dismutase enzyme ---manganese sod, zinc copper sod are critical in quenching free radicals; so zn cu bond together to create sod. use vit-c separately from zn cu although many natural products use them together in small amounts , but vit-e a are synergistic w zn cu.": debbie from melbourne, australia replies: "in goats and cows when they are deficient in copper their coats turn red or grey. interestingly, i have noticed that many many young babies and children have red strawberry blonde hair colour these days especially in the poorer suburbs. does anyone else notice the high incidence of red hair in young children? even in men their beards often start going red before gray.": timh from louisville, ky, usa replies: "great observation debbie, and is probably correct but collaboration will be necessary. anyway, this may be one area of our modern evolution where copper and iron cookware has been replaced by stainless steel and toxic aluminum. iodine must be incorporated into commercial salt and vit-d in milk to meet the minimal requirements of our overpopulation.": maria from gippsland, australia replies: "interesting observation debbie. do a search for "copper excess" "red hair" . here is a site that has interesting reading regarding excess copper and red hair. i remember a time when the term copperhead referred to a person with red hair.. i have known about the relationship between zinc and copper but have only recently come across the relationship between copper and chromium. the following site has some info on this inregards to cellular levels not blood levels.. debbie from melbourne, australia replies: "hi maria, i found a really interesting article. it is quite long so keep scrolling down. i would be interested in your thoughts.: francisca from zug, switzerland replies: "hi gavin, i was also away for over a week so i have just seen your post. ok, i will stop with the oranges although they taste very good with the acv, the lemon juice and a bit of honey the thing with vitamin c deficiency no one knows how much you need.. but the sure thing is if you don't get enough.. wounds don't heal old wounds play up etc. and i suppose all sickness could be considered a wound of some sort. from personal experience its taken my health up a good few notches, and i was feeling pretty good as it was. i was after something to improve vision which it has. in the research its anti bacterial anti cancer anti viral and anti fungal, also it's a vermafuge, it's used for arthritis etc.. constancy is the main thing if you miss a day apparently the form of the vitamin c and bioflavanoids hangs in the body longer than any other form.": maria from gippsland, australia replies: "hi debbie, yet again it just goes to show that we need to look at more than one symptom to say whether we are deficient or overloaded. i have long found it interesting that deficiency symptoms and excess symptoms can be the same or rather some of the symptoms fall into both categories and some only fall on one side. most of the list on that post can be either deficiency or excess and of course they can also be due to something else. such as grey hair is not on both sides only deficiency but it also has other causes other than copper deficiency. as symptoms can have more than one cause i find we need to look at the bigger picture. one good example is fatigue as it is usually put down to an iron deficiency first and iron tablets are prescribed when it is also a symptom of iron overload, so much damage can be done. did you read about sylvia's sons regression due to high copper on the same site? it is thread . the main thing i think is if the symptoms don't start to resolve with taking the supplemet then we need to rethink the cause. some say -weeks but in the case of grey hair months and you should see less grey at the roots. apparently the hair takes longer because the copper is used elsewhere first. if you see no changes after months then it is best to stop as you may be contributing to overload and the damage it can do. one thing that i have seen mentioned a few times is that you can have high copper but low absorption of it. there is a lot of talk about mineral opposites but people are getting great results from colloidal minerals, shilajit and even some kelp supplements. all of these contain the myriad of minerals and yet we get benefit from them.: gavin from manganui, northland, new zealand replies: "francesca i'm assuming, you realise that switzerland is a country very low in iodine and very high with the problem of goiter, and if it's low in one esential element it most likely is low in others.": francisca from zug, switzerland replies: "hi gavin, i suppose you say that switzerland is very low on iodine because there is no sea? anyway, i only live here temporarily yea : debo from waco, tx: "i lost my voice and need to get on a legal call tomorrow - googled and found ceyenne recipe - had homemade chicken soup on the stove - scooped a bowl and put tsp. in my bowl. took one bite, throat on fire, coughed wildly, spit up green junk for a few minutes - went back and ate the whole bowl without even flinching - i can talk now eucalyptus, sage, salt water yea : charis from woodhaven, queens, ny: "in my personal case i suffer from laryngitis for years caused by smoking, vocal adusing and reflux , eucalyptus and sage fights the soreness and soften the mucus. salt with warm water helps alot.. and don't talk for a few days, and when you start talking don't shout until you're perfectly cured.. better results i had with homeopathy and avoid or reduce to the minimum forever smoking, loud talking, caffeine, alcohol, and anything that can cause toxins in your system. unfortunately all the "bad habits" attack in the throat for some people and that's a bell ringing for u that u should stop them. good luck" green tea with baking soda yea : meg from augusta, georgia: "i just wanted to share my story as well. i became ill when my son contracted viral meningitis on a trip. traveling back in the car, i could only take lots of emergenc. for the next few days, i took the emergenc with gaia echinacea three times a day and got lots of rest. it seemed to work after four days, so i stopped the treatments. well i think i got a secondary infection because my lymph nodes became swollen and my sinuses became infected. i irrigated my nose with grapefruit seed extract diluted but some undiluted liquid got in my right sinus and caused a lot of pain. discouraged and about to go to the doctor for antibiotics, i come across your wonderful website. i first started back on the c echinacea but added the grapefruit seed extract drops in oz water . my sinuses were cured in one day yea : ryan from atascadero, ca: "habanero pepper cured my laryngitus. i am and have had a bad cold woke up today with barely any voice. i went home sick tried to talk on the phone and the other person couldnt understand me. i then ate habanero stuffed green olives. within minutes my voice was clear better but not cured yea : marie from baton rouge, la: "i have gargled hydrogen peroxide for sore throats laryngitis for years. i get sinus congestion that ends up wrapped around my vocal cords. as soon as i start to lose my voice, i gargle with hydrogen peroxide. the bubbling breaks up the crud immediately which i'm able to cough up."replies better but not cured : tristan from fleetwood, pa replies: "i recently had the flu which led to my getting of laryngitis. my local doctor who prescribed some antibiotics for me said to gargle hydrogen peroxide. it does help to break up anything in the throat, but may not take away any pain felt when swallowing.": ben from sydney, nsw australia replies: "my voice has become hoarse due to a cough i had for months. i still have a runny nose but my voice sounds croaky and i need to bring up phlegm... is it a good idea to gargle with hp?" yea : theresa from louisville, kentucky: "i woke up one morning with a terrible loss of my voice. i occasionally had coarse throat, but never a complete loss of my voice. i am a nature woman and abhor any thought of pharmaceutical drugs to cure headaches or stomach problems. i have a strong belief that since we are on planet earth, planet earth must provide all our needs like food and medicine without use of chemicals or artificial remedies. it has worked for me so far- i am ofy over fifty years . so this loss of voice was a challenge. i tried all the quick remedies that most contributors have mentioned already including one tablespoon of honey with one each fresh lemon-lime juice a dash of black pepper, in an oz glass of warm water. i also chewed on cloves and ginger raw any quantity that is tolerable . these helped relieve my sore throat but not the loss of voice. then a friend suggested that i use a massage pad that is like a car seat cover which massages any part of the body according to indications on the remote control. it also applies some heat while massaging the body. my goodness yea : slivelife6969 from east brunswick, new jersey: "hey guys i'm a singer and i can't afford to lose my voice and from time to time i have issuses that will cause me to lose my voice or get horse so i eat thin slices of raw ginger . it's spicy but your voice will come back very quick it brings down swelling and if you can't stand to eat it, make a tea from fresh ginger root."replies11 : raj from hyderabad, andhrapradesh; india replies: "i have gone thru the remedies for the laryngeal problems, the best home remedy with ginger is what i do peel and slice the fresh ginger and add a dash of salt and fresh lemon juice untill the pieces immerse keep in the fridge and take or pieces every day morning after brushing and before breaking the day with coffee. when you find gud result stop and continue if you require. a senior citizen" red wine vinegar, ground red pepper : jafrtr from salem, wv: "had laryngitis.... did not have cayenne pepper but gargled with red wine vinegar mixed with tsp. of ground red pepper. after one time my voice was half back. may sound crazy, but it does help."
__label__non_math	0.9993	when you make a contribution to earth train, you are creating a ripple effect in international youth empowerment, sustainable development, rainforest conservation, and media arts. earth train and its programs depend on the generosity of many donors like you. no donation is too small to create great waves of change. to make a donation from the states or canada also please email us at firstname.lastname with a note about the donation and if you would like it to be earmarked. this allows us to send you photos, videos, and updates on the progress of the project. become a forest guardian we recognize contributors of ,000 or more as forest guardians and encourage you to participate in earth train programs, explore the region, and serve as mentors to youth and interns. as an added perk, we offer you comfortable accommodations in centro mamon for brief or extended visits at your option. contributions can be earmarked for the following projects among others. listed beside each project is a suggested donation to insure we are able to complete the project. explore earth train view our new mamon valley presentation pdf and see what earth train is all about. learn about earth train, our programs, the mamon valley preserve and more in our mamon valley programs report by nathan gray and l der sucre. the ,000-acre mamon valley preserve: a world campus for education, restoration, training in biocultural restoration and conservation and sustainable development.
__label__non_math	0.9995	put your knowledge to the test in quiz party for wii get your thinking cap on and prepare for hours of fun with your friends and family when the latest party favourite from nintendo comes to wii in the uk on 27th july. quiz party offers you a unique and inclusive experience which can be enjoyed by everyone - and with an unlimited number of players you can truly put everyone s general knowledge to the test with over questions covering a wide variety of themes, all voiced by legendary quiz show host roy walker, there really is something for everyone in quiz party once you have formed your team, it s time to choose your mascot featuring three entertaining game modes, quiz party offers you the opportunity to choose how long you want the game to last. the full game mode challenges you to be the first team to collect stickers, while a flash game requires the winning team to collect only five stickers providing a much more intense game. finally, if your time is precious and you just want to dip in and out for a quick test of your trivia then get a single question mode is for you. quiz party knows no boundaries, offering an exciting and enjoyable experience for everyone to get involved in, no matter their age or level of participation. with over questions and voice over from catch phrase king roy walker, you can test your knowledge across a wide range of subjects. battle it out with your friends as if you are hosting your very own game show, when quiz party launches for wii on 27th july.
__label__non_math	1.0000	throw on the official on-field cap of your favorite mlb team in the new era 59fifty mlb authentic cap. this hat features coolbase technology to wick sweat away from the body. the official team logo is embroidered on the caps front with the official mlb logo embroidered on the caps rear. polyester. imported.
__label__non_math	0.9998	scrutiny committee consists of seven or eight councillors who are not cabinet members, with membership weighted to reflect the political balance of the council. scrutiny committee is chaired by a member of the main opposition group. scrutiny committee meets to review the delivery of services as a result of previous council decisions, the performance of existing policies and strategies, the submission of performance indicators and recommend appropriate courses of action to the council or cabinet. the members of scrutiny committee are: - councillor ungar - councillor warner substitutes: councillors ede, harris, jenkins and stanley. click on the relevant meeting date to view all documents for that scrutiny committee meeting, or search by keyword to find documents.
__label__non_math	0.9997	about people wearing red t-shirts emblazoned with the american flag and the slogan, tunited we stand, rallied in front of the sloppy tuna club in montauk on tuesday before arriving en masse at a town board meeting, ferried in liveried black escalades, to protest a court action by the town against the club, which has received numerous citations for overcrowding and noise violations. later that day, a state supreme court judge in central islip denied the town s request for a temporary restraining order enjoining the club from playing music without having a town music permit. according to john jilnicki, the east hampton town attorney, the town had also sought to have the court require the club to comply with the maximum occupancy limit of people set by its certificate of occupancy. on a recent saturday night, town fire marshals and police shut the club down for a time in order to empty it of a number of patrons. the nightclub supporters charged that the tuna had been targeted by the town, a charge town officials denied. i have been the best supporter in the town of east hampton of business, especially in the town of montauk, supervisor bill wilkinson said. before drew doscher, an owner of the club, purchased the former nick s and renovated it, i sat with them, and said, we will do whatever we can to help you create that place, mr. wilkinson said. mr. doscher acknowledged the meeting. i thought we had an excellent relationship, he told mr. wilkinson. something changed over the last year. we are a member of the community with employees, of whom are local residents. the owner has invested millions to upgrade the building for safety, installing handicap access, sidewalks. it s been here as a club since , said kieran j. conlon, a lawyer for the sloppy tuna. you have a responsibility . . . to apply the law equally and fairly, mr. conlon said. sloppy tuna staffers argued with mr. wilkinson about whether he had taken pictures of the club and sent police officers there. the supervisor said he regularly drives around montauk to check on conditions at all the clubs. you can drive around and see any establishment in this town is overcrowded, one man called out. and we cite every one of them, mr. wilkinson replied. no you don t, members of the audience replied. mr. conlon said that before millions of dollars had been spent to renovate the club, it was zoned for 265 people, but the town had reduced the allowable occupancy to . to reduce the maximum occupancy is in essence putting them out of business, he said. the capacity was set at the issuance of a new certificate of occupancy, mr. jilnicki said tuesday, and was agreed upon by both parties town officials and the club s owners. also at question is whether or not the club, classified under zoning as both a restaurant and a nightclub, must have a music entertainment permit and whether a sprinkler system is required. mr. doscher said a sprinkler system was not initially required. but, he said, i will comply; i will do whatever the law says. however, he added, i feel it s a personal vendetta against us. i ll abide by the laws, but the laws keep changing. we had a meeting a month ago, and nothing s been done, mr. jilnicki said to him. councilman theresa quigley criticized those who complained about the sloppy tuna. what the neighbors of this institution in montauk are doing is unfair, unneighborly, uncivil, she said. in previous years, she said, there were no noise complaints. i think it s a purely political ploy, she said, . . . because it s a republican majority. however, she told the club supporters, once town officials have been informed of a potential problem, they can t ignore them. and if the law as it s written says there is a problem, officials must respond, she said. i didn t write the code. i think it s unreasonable, she said. we are a tourist community, she said. and yes, you have to put up with it for three months, unless you don t want it to be a tourist community. that s who we are. put up with it. i m glad to see you here, she told the crowd. because it s time that the business community comes out and says how difficult it is for them. but we re told that there are violations at the sloppy tuna, she added. this isn t a vendetta. the noise is really, really intrusive, said a resident of hopkins avenue in montauk, which he said is seven and a half blocks away. i ve gone there multiple times myself, he said. they ve turned it down. by the time i get home minutes later, they ve turned it up again. if this institution existed since whenever. . . . unfortunately, we can t all live in silence, ms. quigley said. when you live in the hub of a community that s vibrant and montauk is vibrant these days there s going to be noise. john behan, a former state assemblyman who came to the board meeting with the club supporters, said the first job he had after returning to montauk from vietnam was working the door at what was then the pirate s den. the condos and motels now surrounding the downtown site were not yet built, he said. neighbors now complaining about the noise are like the guy who moves in next to a horse ranch and then complains he can t stand the smell of horse shit, he said to thunderous applause. even with no music playing, a sloppy tuna employee said, the noise of patrons talking exceeds, at a recent measurement of decibels, the -decibel level limit for nighttime noise prescribed in the town code. that s the problem, said chris jones, the owner of another downtown establishment, the montauk beach house. you have a town code that is so gray and so contradictory that it makes it almost impossible to interpret or enforce. even raindrops create sound that exceeds the nighttime noise decibel limit, he said. it s placing businesses in . . . an impossible position. we can t win, whatever we do. he suggested that those interested work together to address the issues, because, he said, the way we re operating as a community . . . it s just going to end up in state supreme court. although board members said that they do not direct code enforcement efforts, pat lukzewska, a montauk resident, said that the board influences enforcement through the budget, when allocating funds for staffing. and, she added, referring to mr. jones s motel, it s embarrassing when a business opens without the proper permits, and they have town officials in attendance at the ribbon-cutting ceremony. the beach house has recently been cited for violations as well. mr. wilkinson, the town official in question, laughed. and what is wrong with a town official opening up a business in support of the business community? he asked before telling ms. lukzewska, you haven t told me a thing. give me some metrics. why can t there be a three strikes, you re out policy for the season if you break blatant laws, asked frans preidel, who, with a cottage five feet from the sloppy tuna s deck and walls, between the club and the ocean, is probably the most directly affected. he said that in the past he had successfully communicated with the club owners, but that this year, they decided that their bottom line was more important than being good citizens to the town and their neighbors. as much as i respect . . . the ability to do business, the community is none the better because of it, he said. with reporting by russell drumm
__label__non_math	1.0000	industry involvement leadership participation in trec, mba, uli, naiop icsc speaker at university real estate finance programs a commitment to research referral based recruiting an extensive database and library of research materials. a strong referral base through our clients, business associates, and prior placements. development of exhaustive recruitment lists producing the most qualified candidates. state of the art recruiting candidate tracking software. a commitment to meet candidates face to face before you do. complete confidentiality communication a record of adding value through communication throughout the recruitment process. reconciliation of any issues with candidate; paving the way for acceptance. post placement follow up support calls at , and 120 days with the placed candidate and hiring manager. early identification reconciliation of any issues with placed candidate. we would love to discuss your human capital needs. for more information, please call alex cox at 214-675- or contact us and we will be in touch soon.
__label__non_math	1.0000	massive overspending of its overtime budget has forced the maricopa county sheriff s office to rethink its operations, and jail visitation hours were first on the chopping block. visitation in all maricopa county jails was reduced to a.m. to p.m. every day but friday, when only lawyers will be allowed to visit. visiting hours formerly ran from a.m. to p.m. every day but friday. the policy change is meant to help the office compensate for exceeding its budgeted overtime by million in the first quarter, sheriff s spokeswoman lisa allen macpherson said. trimming visitor hours should save the office through the fiscal year ending june , she said. some families feared the cutback would be even more severe following a snafu in early november. detention officers posted signs nov. in the fourth avenue jail lobby along with a message on the jail s phone system stating that visiting hours were being cut to sundays only. the signs were taken down soon after they went up. sheriff s spokesman capt. paul chagolla said certain departments took as gospel an e-mail meant to circulate ideas about how to reduce overtime spending, and they began to implement some of the proposed changes prematurely. they were not authorized to do so, chagolla said. also temporarily affected was transportation of defendants to their court hearings. as many as defendants involved in criminal cases missed their scheduled court appearances on nov. . a team of deputies in charge of moving inmates was not on duty because they were mistakenly told they would not be working their overtime shifts. chagolla said there have been no problems transporting inmates to their court proceedings since then. in other cost-cutting measures, the sheriff also shut down three buildings used by local police to book inmates into county jails, including one in mesa. macpherson said certain aspects of the new visitation hours are an improvement. fridays are just legal visits, which is great for the attorneys, because then they don t have to compete with all the families and friends and loved ones that want to visit before p.m., she said. and the family doesn t have to compete with them either. also, the limit of visits per person has not changed, macpherson said. visitors will still be allowed to see a particular inmate three times per week for minutes each. macpherson said she s not worried about getting expenditures back in line with the budget. we ll be fine, she said. we have nine months to figure this out. she blamed the economy for this year s tight budget. in the past, the county has been in a better position than it is this year, she said. sheriff s officials could not say what their total annual overtime budget was when asked friday. the new overtime restrictions will affect ,900 detention officers and 216 sergeants, who are eligible for overtime. employees ranked lieutenant and higher receive salaries only, with no overtime pay.
__label__non_math	0.9306	your home for do-it-yourself home improvement and home repair tutorials, tips, advice, projects products this handy calculator will help you estimate the number of rolls of wallpaper you will need to wallpaper an interior room. enter the dimensions of your room: height of baseboard width of trim inches square feet per roll you will need: this calculator is designed to help you calculate a rough estimate of the amount of paint you will need for your project. you should double-check your assumptions and measurements and consult a professional at your local paint retail outlet to determine your exact needs. interior paint prep wallpapering corners obstacles interior paint calculator copyright easy2.com, inc. . privacy legal
__label__non_math	0.9999	easyart id: all images contained on this website are copyrighted property of their respective owners. . from monet acquired a pond next to his property in giverny. for the remaining years of his life until it would become the focus of his work, providing the subject for approximately 250 oil paintings. the pond, filled with water lilies and featuring a distinctive japanese bridge, provided an ideal subject to capture the changes instigated by shifting seasons and differing light conditions. monet told a friend these landscapes of water and reflection have become an obsession for me', something that is well attested to considering the difficulties of old age, including cataracts, that the artist had to overcome in order to complete many of the works. the paintings are included in the collections of many of the world's leading galleries and are considered some of the most important and influential works of 20th century art.
__label__non_math	0.9984	gives the frame its character, providing the setting for an artwork to be fully enjoyed. protects the print so it can be admired in all its detail. brings a sense of perspective to the image working with the moulding to enhance and protect the artwork. a print needs to be perfectly smooth if it s to be fully enjoyed. to make sure this happens it s bonded to the backing board by a heated vacuum press. keeps the whole frame together giving you a print that s fully protected and ready to hang. easyart.com is the simple and enjoyable way to shop the uk s best range of art prints and posters online. founded in , you ll find a breadth of images covering well known artists like picasso, warhol, vettriano and klimt and themes from photography, landscape and figurative to vintage art. find the perfect pictures for your home or workplace and customise using sizing, framing and canvas options. read more all art prints and images on this website are
__label__non_math	0.9960	yes, wendy, i'm sure. messy doesn't necessarily equal bad. and, life has plenty of messiness. and a lot of that messiness is pretty darn interesting, if not downright wonderful and, i'm pretty sure you already have come to understand that, wendy and i say this from the perspective of a regular old person who is part of the regular human community and traverses life every day. i know plenty about the messiness of life. i'm definitely not spouting off to you guys about things i don't also encounter in life. when i have a little more time to write, i think i'll do a list of interesting messes we come across... maybe tonight after work. you guys can feel free to contribute :
__label__non_math	1.0000	sweet treats that will boost your antioxidants. longing for a sweet after-dinner treat but don t have hours to spend on a complicated layer cake? these light desserts are not only a quick way to satisfy your sweet tooth they can be prepared in minutes or less but they are also a delicious way to get antioxidant-rich fruit into your diet. consider filling store-bought crepes with a quick fruit compote or using that same compote to top vanilla ice cream. don t want to cook? quick frozen yogurts are only minutes away. or simply toss fresh berries with a little bit of sugar and citrus zest for a luscious treat. so go ahead and have dessert these quick recipes will make you feel good about doing having a sweet after-dinner treat.
__label__non_math	1.0000	quality labelling - most products listed are brand-new surplus, clearance, production overruns, bankrupt or end-of line items. we try not to sell returns or imperfects and will list them as such if they are. in order to comply with the policies of the high-street companies many labels will have been removed or defaced in order to prevent the products being returned to the store. some suppliers have replaced the retailers label with wash-care instructions, which may or may not have the manufacturers details on. if you have any questions about labelling please do not hesitate to e-mail me and we will try to assist you in anyway i can. payment our preferred method of payment is paypal. we also accept postal orders and cheques. payments sent through the post must include full details of the items purchased. if not it may result in despatch being delayed. cheques can take up to working days to clear plus the time spent in the postal system. payments must be made within days of purchase, or an unpaid dispute will be raised. despatch - our parcels are despatched within working days of cleared funds, but please allow for an extra day at certain times of the year. goods will only be despatched upon full, cleared payment. no items are despatched at weekends or bank holidays. i will always get a certificate of posting. delivery - we use royal mail for delivery, . uk post can take: 1st class -working days or 2nd class -working days . lost post - occasionally post will get lost. royal mail will not investigate until days after posting please contact us if you parcel has not been recieved within days of payment. all lost post will be claimed from royal mail, who may contact you regarding the claim. returns refunds if you are not happy with your item you can return it to us. you must notify us of your intention within days of receiving the goods and they must be returned within days of notification. once goods have been received back and checked, a full refund will then be issued please note postage costs are non-refundable unless item is misrepresented. no refund will be given on items clearly used. please note - colour representation varies from monitor to monitor and flash photography can have an impact too. finally - please do not leave negative feedback without contacting us first. we pride ourselves on our customer service and will always try and resolve the problem first.
__label__non_math	1.0000	environmental business consultants ebc provide consultation services in environmental and business management. ebc is dedicated to ensuring that industry finds the right answer to environmental issues. the staff of ebc brokers relationships with new environmental technology companies, institutional investors, regulators and industry to find cost-effective solutions that create win-win situations. clients include new environmental technology firms, institutional investors, waste management companies, industry and government. ebc works with companies and government to achieve excellence in the business of the environment. what makes ebc different? ebc's clients and suppliers are its partners. ebc has built solid long term relationships working to solve problems, find answers, and is dedicated to growing and succeeding. with unique experience in financing, marketing, environmental engineering, government relations, and regulatory management, ebc's services are unmatched.
__label__non_math	0.9993	jump to navigation send to a friend send this page to a friend enter multiple addresses separated by commas and or different lines. hello, here is a page on the earthbound farm web site that i think you would enjoy. where to buy got a question or comment?
__label__non_math	0.9959	revered in italy, fennel is still largely unappreciated in america. what a shame although its texture may resemble celery, fennel s distinctive flavor and aroma set it apart. the main variety cultivated throughout the mediterranean and in this country is called florence fennel finocchio . at the market, it is sometimes mislabeled anise or sweet anise, which keeps many people who don t like the flavor of licorice from giving this vegetable a try. fennel is actually much sweeter and more delicate than anise, with a whispery anise fragrance but none of its sharp licorice taste. once fennel is cooked, this flavor is even lighter and more elusive than when it s raw. how to select and store fennel select large, squat, glossy bulbs with a pale green tint and no cracks, bruises or discoloration. it seems counterintuitive, but larger fennel bulbs are often more tender than long, slender ones. if possible, buy fennel with its stalks and fronds attached. the graceful greenery which should be a bright, vibrant green is a good indicator of freshness. at home, refrigerate unwashed fennel in a plastic bag for up to days. tips for using fennel all parts of the fennel plant are edible: stalks, fronds, seeds, pollen, and of course the prized bulb. the bulb is made up of overlapping onion-like layers surrounding a dense, sweet heart. fennel is easy to prepare; it s delicious raw or cooked, and its singular flavor goes with everything. raw fennel is crisp and crunchy with a refreshing, clean flavor; it s terrific in salads. slow-cooked fennel has a mellow flavor and a luscious, meltingly soft texture. in tuscany, fennel is the quintessential companion to pork in all its many guises, especially sausages. it has a wonderful affinity for citrus, fish, parmigiano or pecorino cheeses, olives, capers and peppery greens like watercress and radicchio. to prepare fennel, wash with cold water. cut off the feathery fronds and tubular stalks; the greenery can be used as a garnish or snipped like dill and added as a last-minute flavor enhancer. trim the base and remove any discolored layers. discard the stalks or use them in soups and stocks or in place of diced celery. reserve the fronds for garnish. usually the outer layer of the bulb should be discarded, too, as it can be stringy and tough but good for stock . cut the bulb in half lengthwise. if there s a large core at the base, remove it with a small paring knife. cut the fennel into wedges through the core end or cut crosswise into thin slices. fennel can also be shaved into paper-thin slices with a mandoline or vegetable peeler. why choose organic fennel? choose organic whenever you can to help keep the residues of conventional agricultural pesticides and fertilizers out of your food. at earthbound farm, our fennel is grown without toxic synthetic pesticides and fertilizers, using sustainable farming methods that protect the environment and help keep pesticides out of our soil, air, water and food supply. organic food is the healthiest choice for people and the planet and we think organic tastes better, too
__label__non_math	0.9583	the elder scrolls v: skyrim a game that would last forever 100 stars skyrim is great for begining gamers and hardcore gamers. it's one of those games that has no set point for you access. you can do whatever you like even attack your king . if i had to buy a game it would be skyrim: ender scrolls v. overall a very nice and appealing video game let's start this thing off with the cons of the situation. sometimes, there are a few bugs in this game and the gameplay can be occasionally repetitive. enough said. now, let us talk about the pros of this game. overall, this is a very fun and entertaining game for people of all ages, can be a great way to spend your free time, making this game a very good example of a "perfect" game. the elder scrolls games have always been very fun to me and should be to everyone else, and i will continue to purchase play them in the times to come. thank you bethesda sincerely, a fan best rpg ever this game has improved so much from it has amazing graphics haha amazing doest beguine to describe it the improvement the graphics this game is my favorite of the all i highly recommend it it will never get old like gta people play it for thousands of hours and it has the fun you need many kinds of armors and weapons well i don't want to spoil anymore :d the elder scrolls v: skyrim is a fantastic rpg. it has great action, great music and voice actors, great graphics, and load times are nonexistent at least on the pc . i couldn't wish for a better game, and the glitches in my opinion make the game more fun and unpredictable. this game pretty much made almost everything from the elder scrolls iv: oblivion and made it better. my only complaint is the lack of variation in quests, rarely did i find myself not mindlessly killing things. it's not that mindlessly killing things isn't fun, it's just that it gets old after a while. there are almost no quests to where you talk to someone, which is a bit of a let down to me, but doesn't keep this game from being one of the best rpg's of all time. bge best game ever bethesda made yet another awesome game in the elder scrolls line. this game has awesome detail, sound, graphics, and a really good story line. there are so many quests that cant be counted right off the bat. there is so much you can do, you can do the quest line or you can go out and slaughter bunnies w fireballs. the leveling up process is better than oblivion;the elder scrolls , the inventory is better organized. but over all bethesda did an awesome job creating this epic game. best game ever this game was very thrilling all the way through. it also automatically comes with mods which is nice. the main questline is well built. even the guild questlines were amazing. the best was probably the thieves guild. the dark brotherhood was very fun. the civil war questline has two sides. the stormcloaks are a better choice then the imperials if you ask me. overall, this game is amazing all you'll ever need lets just start out by saying it done way better than the other pc rpg releases as of late. the game itself was a new stepping stone which took elder scroll gamer's to a more detailed break down of the whole series. i mean yes it gave lost history that left people wondering " what was the point of reading this book?" it had a break down that was specific for the readers and non readers as well as experience no one has ever faced in previous elder scroll games. yes you have new enemies to face and excellent puzzles. what the main problem people cant be satisfied with any game that comes out to their tastes when makers of this great game took time to think of you "the gamer" to enlighten you with something that could possible keep you occupied for a long while. now if your the type to whine and cry cause a game isn't to your liking feel free to invest and make your own game. but i personally appreciate the hard work that was put into this game which will leave me curious of whats in store for me when the online version is released. so all in all i say this game has thumbs up from me, because diablo is still lingering in the toilet. great, but not perfect. skryim hits the nail on the head in a lot of areas, but falls flat in some aswell. for instance, the gameplay was solid. melee felt great, using a bow and arrow felt better than ever, and the magic system was far better then previous elder scrolls games. ... if graphics are an important factor to you, then you'll be happy with skyrim's. the landscapes are incredible and the character models look on par with a fantasy world, unlike oblivion's character models which all looked pretty similar to one another. ... the soundtrack is great as well. there is some great ambiance along side some fantastic epic scores. ... where the game lacks is in some of the guild missions. the companions guild is ridiculously short, the mages guild felt like something was missing. on the other hand though, the dark brotherhood and the thieves guild were amazing. ... dragons. dragons in skyrim are an amazing time to fight... the first 100 times. afterwords it gets to the point of almost a chore. "oh look, i traveled to a city, time to fight a dragon." the main antagonist of this game, alduin, has an embarrassingly easy fight, that was also forgettable. ... all and all, skyrim is a great game. this game is a little over average. this game, skyrim, is great the best game in the world
__label__non_math	0.9998	the leading ebooks store online new to ebooks.com?learn more - bestsellers - this week - foreign language study - bestsellers - last months - graphic books - health fitness - political science - biography autobiography - psychology psychiatry - body mind spirit - house home - business economics - children's young adult fiction - juvenile nonfiction - language arts disciplines - crafts hobbies - science fiction - current events - literary collections - literary criticism - literary fiction - social science - the environment - sports recreation - family relationships - study aids - folklore mythology - food and wine - performing arts - true crime - foreign language books - profile ; us . when the oldest trees in the world suddenly start dying - across north america, europe and the amazon - it's time to pay attention. humans have cut down the biggest and best trees and left the runts behind. what does that mean for the genetic fitness of our forests? no one knows for sure, for trees and forests are poorly understood on almost all... more... - university of california press ; us . california is globally renowned for its biological diversity, including its wealth of unique, or endemic, species. many reasons have been cited to explain this abundance: the complex geology and topography of its landscape, the special powers of its mediterranean-type climate, and the historic and modern barriers to the wider dispersal of its flora... more... - taylor and francis ; us . critical political ecology brings political debate to the science of ecology. as political controversies multiply over the science underlying environmental debates, there is an increasing need to understand the relationship between environmental science and politics. in this timely and wide-ranging volume, tim forsyth uses an innovative approach... more... - university of chicago press ; us . our oceans are becoming increasingly inhospitable to life?growing toxicity and rising temperatures coupled with overfishing have led many marine species to the brink of collapse. and yet there is one creature that is thriving in this seasick environment: the beautiful, dangerous, and now incredibly numerous jellyfish. as foremost jellyfish expert lisa-ann... more... - wiley ; us . this book began life as a series of lectures given to second and third year undergraduates at oxford university. these lectures were designed to give students insights as to how marine ecosystems functioned, how they were being affected by natural and human interventions, and how we might be able to conserve them and manage them sustainably for... more... - cambridge university press ; us 116. the first detailed collation of the evolution, ecology and conservation of some of south america's least-known, and most endangered, primates. more... - taylor and francis ; us 135. this is a book about the work of scientists in the era of the anthropocene: where human beings appear to have become a driving force in the evolution of the planet. it is a diverse collection of empirical, methodological and theoretical chapters concerned with the practice of interdisciplinary social-ecological systems research. the aim of the contributors... more... - taylor and francis ; us 130. renewable and carbon-neutral energy have been promoted as the future of energy production in the united states. non-traditional energy sources show promise as alternatives to fossil fuels and may provide a sustainable source of energy in increasingly uncertain energy markets. however, these new sources of energy face their own set of political, administrative,... more... - elsevier science ; us 193. advances in agronomy continues to be recognized as a leading reference and a first-rate source for the latest research in agronomy. as always, the subjects covered are varied and exemplary of the myriad of subject matter dealt with by this long-running serial maintains the highest impact factor among serial publications in agriculture presents... more... - texas a m university press ; us . the original, edition of timothy edward fulbright and j. alfonso ortega-s.?s white-tailed deer habitat: ecology and management on rangelands was hailed as ?a splendid reference for the classroom and those who make their living from wildlife and the land? and as ?filling a niche that is not currently approached in the literature.? in this... more...
__label__non_math	1.0000	solutions for healthcare applications there are currently a lot of challenges in the public health sector. healthcare costs are rising in countries across the world due to the fact that the global population is both growing and getting older. in most industrialized nations, the public health sector also faces the problem of quick growing numbers of people suffering from chronic diseases like obesity, hypertension, diabetes, and high cholesterol levels. electronic devices can help healthcare services face these challenges. the devices are becoming smaller, more integrated, and more efficient; there is also a trend toward personal healthcare devices based on smartphone apps. ebv has a dedicated team in place that supports manufacturers of electronic healthcare devices in all application areas of the healthcare market. we look forward to supporting you in your current and future semiconductor needs for healthcare applications. you are welcome to contact our healthcare applications team for further information and assistance with your designs.
__label__non_math	0.9968	researchers: self-selecting college roommates can improve grades more universities are using social media analytics systems to connect like-minded roommates by dennis carter, assistant editorread more by denny carter sifting through facebook data for a roommate who likes the same music, espouses the same politics, and hails from a similar background isn t just for picky incoming college freshmen: it also could make sense for students seeking an academic advantage weeks before the semester begins. read more with registration.
__label__non_math	0.9999	dorset break wiltshire hearts dorset brought the curtain down on their season in sensational fashion after engineering a remarkable four-win victory over wiltshire in their final minor counties championship match. wiltshire dominated much of the contest at dean park in bournemouth, but fell agonisingly short of a victory target of 242 on the final day, a result which earned dorset fourth place in the western division and condemned the hosts to third-bottom. a wiltshire victory looked the most likely outcome after they bowled dorset out for just 127 in their first innings, thanks largely to greg lamb s -, which included a hat-trick, and -for james hibberd. lamb also starred with the bat, hitting a fine 113 as wiltshire replied with 300 for nine declared to establish a 173-run lead. when dorset slipped to 257 for nine on the second afternoon - leading by just - their fate appeared sealed, but nick park followed up his first-innings with a magnificent 219 - the highest score for the county - as he and david kidner not out shared a record 10th-wicket stand of 157. their astonishing alliance carried dorset to 414, with wes durston taking -128 and lamb and josh pickering sharing four of the remaining five wickets. durston led wiltshire s pursuit, but he fell on the final morning and could only watch as they slumped to 171 for seven. james hibberd and tom morton, who made , added a valuable for the eighth wicket, and pickering accompanied hibberd for the addition of runs to take wiltshire to within five runs of victory. however, two wickets in the space of three balls proved fatal for wiltshire, while dorset could celebrate thanks to tom hicks haul of -. hibberd, who finished unbeaten on , later stood down as captain after a season in charge in order to concentrate on his own game.
__label__non_math	1.0000	top marks for tufnell former middlesex and england spinner phil tufnell scored out of in the 'play hard, play fair' quiz on test match special. jonathan agnew took great delight in offering scenarios to tufnell, testing his knowledge of the spirit of cricket and fair play. tufnell did admit that he did some of his learning in the committee room after he had transgressed the boundaries during his playing days. tufnell will be presented with his 'play hard, play fair' certificate later today. a joint ecb, mcc and pca initiative, launched on the first day of the sri lanka test at lord's by andrew strauss, the campaign is aimed at helping young players to know where the boundaries lie and not just the ones which determine where a four or six is scored. independent cricket reporter stephen brenkley said: "in an admirable attempt to clean up the game, the mcc and ecb last week began to put their feet down". david graveney, ecb national performance manager, added that the move was an "outstanding piece of work and a massive step in the right direction". mcc s head of cricket john stephenson said: mcc is delighted to be working in partnership with the ecb to deliver this new initiative, which will help to ensure thousands of young people adopt the spirit of cricket principles of playing hard and fair." ten test match tickets for the india npower test match at edgbaston are available to anyone under years old who complete the quiz. coaches, team managers and parents are all encouraged to try the quiz and pass on to their young charges. the competition can be found here.
__label__non_math	0.9595	o'brien omitted by ireland ireland have overlooked wicketkeeper-batsman niall o brien for their tour of kenya due to his participation in the inaugural bangladesh premier league. o brien, who was signed by khulna royal bengal for us80,000 at the recent bpl auctions, had offered to link up with the squad for the one-day internationals in kenya before taking part in the world twenty20 qualifier that follows in the united arab emirates. however, cricket ireland have decided that all members of the squad must be available for the entire tour, meaning o brien has been left out of a -man party. the same players, along with andrew poynter and james shannon, have been named in ireland s world t20 qualifier squad, which must be trimmed to by february . national coach phil simmons said: there were difficult matters for the selectors to discuss regarding niall o brien s availability. they took on board niall s offer to play in only the odis in kenya, join the squad for part of the south africa training camp, and then the icc world t20 qualifier. however, the selectors remained consistent to their principle, regarding that all players must be available for all parts of the tour. niall was not able to make himself available for the whole tour and therefore the selectors have decided not to select him for any part of the tour, including the world t20 qualifier. we are only selecting for this tour and the next selection will be for the rsa challenge odi versus australia in june; at that point they will consider all available players. niall has communicated that he still wishes to play for ireland and the selectors will take that into consideration when they next meet. shannon and max sorensen are the only two players in the squads without international experience. middlesex bowler tim murtagh, who is in the process of gaining irish citizenship, could yet be added to the final world t20 qualifier squad, should he receive his passport in time. the tour of kenya comprises of a four-day intercontinental cup match, two world cup qualifying odis as part of the icc's -over league and three twenty20 internationals. ireland squad for tour of kenya: will porterfield warwickshire, captain , alex cusack clontarf , george dockrell somerset , trent johnston railway union , nigel jones csn , ed joyce sussex , john mooney north county , rory mccann instonians , kevin o brien railway union , boyd rankin warwickshire , max sorensen the hills , paul stirling middlesex , albert van der merwe ymca , andrew white instonians , gary wilson surrey . ireland squad for training camp in south africa and icc world t20 qualifier in the uae: will porterfield warwickshire, captain , alex cusack clontarf , george dockrell somerset , trent johnston railway union , nigel jones csn , ed joyce sussex , john mooney north county , rory mccann instonians , kevin o brien railway union , andrew poynter clontarf , boyd rankin warwickshire , james shannon instonians , max sorensen the hills , paul stirling middlesex , albert van der merwe ymca , andrew white instonians , gary wilson surrey .
__label__non_math	1.0000	ecco bella was started to provide cruelty-free organic cosmetics and natural skin care products. the effort grew to include products derived from organics and vitamins. we are so glad you have joined us in this mission. indulge yourself in organic cosmetics and natural skin care products that offer a pure and beautiful experience, while helping to conserve our planet and protect its animals. what's new now you can try our organic anti-aging, anti-blemish skin care foursome best sellers luxurious organic water-free herbal body lotions
__label__non_math	0.9998	would you like to expand your horizons, immerse yourself in a vibrant new culture, and gain new insights into your own way of life while earning your carnegie mellon degree? why not consider enrolling in an exchange program? with careful planning, any ece student in good standing may study abroad. a variety of exchange options are available to students at carnegie mellon. most of these programs focus on the student's junior year. opportunities may be found for exchange study in schools in europe, the middle east, australia, new zealand, asia, africa, and latin america. based on their interest, ece students may choose to participate in one of two types of opportunities which are outlined below. programs at the following universities are sponsored by the ece department and are administered through the ece undergraduate and student relations offices: the ece department has launched a partnership with national chiao-tung university nctu in taiwan. this new agreement establishes an undergraduate student exchange program and allows up to ten of our students to study at nctu for a semester or a year. carnegie mellon students from both the ece and cs departments who have completed one year of study are encouraged to apply. carnegie mellon students who study in taiwan during the spring semester may elect to be placed in industrial internships there during the summer months. in addition, students from nctu will have the opportunity to come to carnegie mellon to experience life and study in the u.s. students who participate in this program receive their regular financial aid package and are responsible for accommodation, meal, and travel expenses; medical insurance and or medical expenses not covered by the approved health insurance of each country or university; textbooks, clothing, and personal expenses; passport and visa costs; non-compulsory incidental fees; and all other debts incurred during the course of the program. the ece department participates in several university-wide undergraduate exchange programs. transfer credit for studies at some universities has been pre-approved, so that special departmental approval procedures are unnecessary. two such university exchange programs are located in lausanne, switzerland and monterrey, mexico. students who participate in one of these programs receive their regular financial aid package and are responsible for room, board, travel, and miscellaneous expenses. the ecole polytechnique federale de lausanne epfl in lausanne, switzerland is a full-year program open to ece majors in their junior year. previous study in french is preferred but not required. students who are not fluent in french may enroll in a three-month intensive french language program with no increase in tuition; those who are fluent in french may participate in an optional internship at epfl in place of the language program. the application deadline is in november for the following year.
__label__non_math	0.9982	friday, on blogrolls and cinnamon buns i really, really want a cinnamon bun, right now. it's cold here and a bright sunny day and the one thing that keeps me from perfect bliss is the lack of a cinnamon bun. blogrolls just won't work. but blogrolls are the topic of the day because marcos the guy who is supposed to be our hivebrain in the anthill of the rabid lefty blogger lambs has cleaned out his blogroll thereby deleting memememesobme in any case, i'm much more a cinnamon-bun-kind-of-girl. or goddess. i have a lot of trouble with the marketing aspect of blogging, mostly because i can't do it. and i'm lazy. and i'm a dying breed of the one-person-blog type plus olvlzl on the weekends but then he is all alone, too . and so on. it's all very boring for someone who is interested in the writing and thinking aspect of blogging, though naturally i want to dominate the whole world and make everything work perfectly. naturally. but only if it somehow happens without me needing to send e-mails or buy ads. so it is not going to happen. life is like that. you have to decide between cinnamon buns and blogrolls. and you have to decide on what you want to write and that limits the number of people who want to read you, too. so. added later: different bloggers have different rules on deciding what to blogroll. mine is an attempt to offer a selection of blogs which cover politics from the lefty-liberal angle or which address feminism or which offer good writing and funny stuff or a combination of all of these. i also have some sites in the blogroll which are not blogs as such but action sites that might be of interest to my readers. i don't read all the sites i link to daily, but i do read all of them once in a while. so this is not my personal reading list as much as a list to open up blogs for my readers in general. other bloggers base their blogrolls on their own daily reads or something different from that or my rules. so be warned.
__label__non_math	0.9998	blog entries from earlier this month the cloud security alliance csa released updates to its security guidance for critical areas of focus in cloud computing guide an extensive guidebook that provides a practical, actionable road map to managers wanting to adopt the cloud paradigm safely and securely. here at eze castle integration we talk regularly about cloud security and best practices, so i believe it is important to increase awareness of this great resource. the topics covered in this 177-page report revolve around three key areas. here is a snapshot of the three key sections as defined by the csa: . cloud architecture: the cloud computing architectural framework provides a conceptual framework for the rest of the cloud security alliance s guidance. the content of this section focuses on a description of cloud computing that is specifically tailored to the unique perspective of it network and security professionals. it s thanksgiving week, and, as usual, it s got us thinking about what we re truly thankful for this year. if you remember, in we acknowledged our thanks to wonderful charitable organizations such as hedge funds care and big brothers big sisters, our great partner network, and our worldwide client base. this year, we thought we d ask our employees what they re thankful for this holiday season. check out the video below to hear their answers when we introduced our readers to the concept of wan optimization a few months ago, we looked at the various efficiency and budgetary benefits this technology can provide for hedge funds and other alternative investment organizations. to take these advantages one step further, i recently sat down with matt jones, our telecommunications technology manager here at eze castle, to learn more about how wan optimization is benefitting our clients, especially those whose employees frequently work remotely. matt and i discussed how wan optimization technology providers offer solutions that enable large volumes of data to be transmitted across telecommunication lines with minimal bandwidth. through new products that are entering the marketplace, such as riverbed s steelhead mobile technology, employees can have lan-like access to all of their important files and documents just as they would if they were seated at their desks in the office without incurring the steep costs involved with increasing bandwidth. as we mentioned in our help desk faqs article a few weeks ago, we recently completed a comprehensive profile on our help desk team. this includes an in-depth look at all areas of the department, such as the various sub-groups housed within the help desk, the team s client request escalation procedures, professional development and ongoing skills enhancement provided to all team members and more. while completing this document, we also created a video depicting our client support center and the team members in action. you may also remember last year s video, featuring our director of help desk services, dan kummer, and associate director, andre chinkan. this year s video introduces viewers to several members of the eze castle help desk staff, who take us through many of the team s most important functions and services. check it out hardware suppliers and resellers around the world are still reeling in the wake of the destructive flooding in thailand and its growing impact on the technology and consumer markets. while flooding is hardly uncommon in thailand, the waters that swept through the country beginning in july are the worst on record and continue to wreak havoc. more than 500 people have lost their lives as a result of the devastation, and thousands of manufacturing factories have been forced to shut down due to lost inventory and irreparable damage. in recent years, thailand has emerged as one of the major manufacturing hubs around the world and is responsible for supplying a significant percentage some argue as much as of the world s demand for hard disk drives hdd . as far as the technology industry is concerned, the current shortage of these hard drives has left major manufacturers crippled and hardware resellers concerned for the future. notably, the shortage is affecting several of the top hdd producers, including western digital, toshiba and seagate technology. and while these producers attempt to shift production to factories in other locations until the water recedes and factories can be rebuilt, the effects of the shortage are already being felt worldwide. as part of our exploring cloud services for hedge funds seminar recap, we have explored it outsourcing and outsourcing middle and back office operations. in today s final segment, we will look at compliance and regulatory requirements. what are the main technology trends within buy-side? - regulatory change exemplified by the dodd-frank act, money market fund rules, cost basis accounting, and the european alternative investment fund managers directive aifm - buy-side firms in general are being affected by the rapid changes in the trade execution business where latency reduction, connectivity to new more execution venues, and high frequency trading are increasingly popular topics. earlier this week, we looked at it outsourcing with hosted services. in today s blog post, we will look at the next hot topic discussed at our exploring cloud services for hedge funds seminar last week in london -- outsourcing hedge fund middle and back office operations. since the financial crisis in , more and more hedge funds are considering outsourcing their middle and back office functions in an effort to reduce costs and gain a competitive advantage. let's have a look at some of the questions raised at the seminar: what are the catalysts for hedge fund managers to outsource their middle and back office operations? - desire to reduce operational risk by performing tasks that were not performed previously i.e. daily cash reconciliation, collateral management, etc. - inability to consistently align operations and accounting personnel with levels of trading activity - technology infrastructure and or personnel that are insufficient to handle current or proposed strategies i.e. new asset classes or increased trading volume - opening overseas offices or taking on a global mandate which requires after-hours support - failure or serious questions arising from investor odd audits that need to be resolved - change in human resources i.e. departure of personnel , which forces a firm to rethink its model last week, the eze castle integration team in london hosted their final breakfast seminar of the year looking at cloud services for hedge funds. the seminar featured a panel of experts: simon eyre, service director at eze castle integration, andrew kaufmann, european business development manager at viteos, and christian nilsson, head of investment solutions - practice lead emea at thomson reuters. so much information was covered at this event that we ll be publishing three articles on what was discussed. first up in this article - new considerations for launching a hedge fund: insights from the experts - corporate essentials for successful hedge fund startups - recapping a busy week in cyber security across the globe - what do hedge fund investors ask about it? a technology ddq cheat sheet - webinar recap: what investment firms need to know about social media compliance - business continuity planning - cloud computing - data loss prevention - disaster recovery - eze castle milestones - hedge fund due diligence - hedge fund marketing - hedge fund operations - hedge fund regulation - help desk - high frequency trading - launching a hedge fund - privacy compliance - project management - real estate - startup relocation - trends we're seeing - videos and infographics
__label__non_math	0.8952	clat watches have a wide range of genuine branded mens watches and ladies watches at affordable prices. buy watches online with clat and save. see our range of citizen watches australia. citizen watches originated from a pocket watch citizen , sold in . citizen is currently one of the largest producers of watches. citizen also manufactures watches for collectors, for example, a watch bearing the colours and logo of the blue angels. this watch is part of the skyhawk a-t line, which utilizes eco-drive as its primary power source and features atomic timekeeping. see our citizen watches collection. seiko watches were the pioneer of the automatic quartz technique, unveiled in , as used in automatic mechanical watches. the first watches produced under the seiko brand appeared in . in , seiko watches introduced the astron, the world's first production quartz watch; when it was introduced, it cost the same as a medium-sized car. seiko later went on to introduce the first quartz chronograph. see our seiko watches collection. in the 1980s casio became well known for the wide variety and innovation of its wristwatches. casio watches were one of the earliest manufacturers quartz crystal watches, both digital watches and analog watches. it was one of the first manufacturers of watches that could display the time in many different time zones and of watches with temperature, atmospheric-pressure, altitude, and even gps position displays. see our casio watches collection. orient are japan's largest producer of mechanical watches. orient watches set themselves apart from the other major japanese watch companies by focusing on self-winding mechanical watches. orient watches produce both quartz and mechanical watches, but concentrate their marketing efforts on mechanical watches. see our orient watches collection. the hamilton watches company was originally formed to produce high quality pocket watches and wristwatches mid-range and luxury. the hamilton watches brand name still exists in name as a division of a major swiss assembler of production grade mechanical and quartz wristwatches. see our hamilton watches collection. clat is the place for genuine branded watches for men and watches for ladies.
__label__non_math	0.9920	registered: july wtp's rdb and dtp are bad database plugins - there are more much better plugins on internet sqlexplorer, db quantum etc - it work bad with doesn't work with postgresql - they work good with derby and db2 maybe , but i don't have db2 or derby - database plugin is very important for project like dali and it can't be good without good database plugin i think that oracle guess that oracle sponsor this project can develop better plugin than dtp or wtp i try eclipse orm similar project and it is good plugin, but unusable because use wtp's rdb neil hauge wrote: most of plug-in was developed on wtp ., but i have done some testing with wtp .rc's and things seem to work fine. the only major thing that i noticed is that you may not see our "persistence" menu item in the right-click menu when using the j2ee perspective. this is only needed to "add persistence..." capability to a project, which could be done in the java perspective instead. as for our db tool, we currently use the rdb component from the wtp. we plan to migrate to the dtp in synch with wtp, as the rdb component will eventually be obsolete. haris peco wrote: neil hauge wrote: the dali plug-in is now available at the latest version of the dali ejb3 orm plug-in is now available on our project website the download is located in the "downloads" section, found in the navigation menu on the left side of project page. installation instructions and a getting started page are provided to get you up and running. be sure to read the pre-reqs and notes on the getting started page. please post your comments and questions, as we would greatly appreciate your feedback. what version webtools is required - i have wtp .rc3 and it is too different from . what database tools dali use : rdb from wtp or dtp or any special ? powered by fudforum
__label__math	0.9518	private integrated services networks - addressing ptna- 2nd edition june this ecma standard defines the requirements for the handling of network addresses for the identification of entities which use or provide telecommunication services offered by private integrated services networks pisns . this standard covers numbering, including the requirements for the support of a private numbering plan, the addressing of network service access points for open systems interconnection osi nsap addressing , and the support of subaddressing. this standard is applicable to private integrated services network exchanges with broad-band and narrow-band capabilities pinx and to terminals to be attached to the access of pinxs. any use by a pinx of the support of private numbering plans supplementary service provided by a public isdn is outside the scope of this although this standard does not explicitly describe its application to location-independent mobile addressable entities, this application is not precluded. the following file can be freely downloaded: this ecma publication is also approved as iso iec . the previous replaced "historical" edition of this ecma standard is available here.
__label__math	0.9945	when i was learning carpentry from a master carpenter, i tried to do something with a tool close at hand instead of going to get the correct tool for the job. of course, i butchered the piece of wood and eventually had to get the right tool, which got the job done in a fraction of the time that i wasted with the convenient-to-reach tool. the same lesson applies to power quality tools, which range from a simple screwdriver to a ,000, -gigahertz ghz spectrum analyzer. not only can you waste time and not get the answer you are looking for, you might even be led to the wrong answer using the wrong tool for the task. before going into the variety of tools available, here s a quick safety reminder. always assess the hazards and skills required for the task, and ensure you or whoever is doing it is a qualified person per the national electrical code definition. ensure all personnel within the possible hazard area wear the proper personal protective equipment per nfpa 70e and other local requirements. and wherever possible, make connections on de-energized circuits only. even something as simple as taking a panel cover off to tighten a screw can be disastrous. accidents don t always happen to someone else. on the low end of the price range is an item in everyone s tool kit: a digital multimeter dmm . a dmm can measure a number of steady-state power quality phenomena, such as voltage imbalance. it can also be used to find voltage drops across contacts and other devices that should have very low drops. excessive neutral-to-ground voltage is often a steady-state condition. clamp-on power meters are slightly more expensive ,000 but used similarly. though only single-phase, they can be useful for current imbalance and power factor, and many have limited harmonic measuring capabilities. be wary of the assumptions some meters make, which contend that all three phases are identical and, therefore, give you three-phase answers with a simple multiplication. also, most clamp-on meters use current transformers that cannot measure or tolerate direct current dc . power loggers generally have capabilities similar to power meters but can take unattended readings for extended periods. they are useful for finding time-correlated problems, such as the voltage drops at a certain time each day. several manufacturers offer both single- and three-phase loggers ,500 that come with software for downloading the data onto a computer for analysis. some plug right into an outlet to let you piggyback the equipment being monitored for simple and safe connections. most electrical contractors doing power quality work have several monitors, which can monitor a wide range of power quality phenomena. read the specifications and the user s guide before taking one out to troubleshoot for a suspected power quality problem. this is especially important when looking for transients and higher order harmonics. if the sampling rate of the instrument is times per cycle, it is not possible to determine harmonics above the 32nd, and even that is suspect in the real world of measuring. if the current probe is a rogowski coil flex-probes and you are measuring in a room with a half dozen 500-horsepower motors running off adjustable speed drives, much of the current data is going to be skewed by the antenna-like pickup characteristic of those probes. if using a current transformer that isn t rated for dc and there is an inrush current condition on a saturated transformer with a dc offset, it won t produce reliable data. however, using the instrument within its limitations provides a wealth of data that virtually no other instrument can simultaneously do for you. right in the sweet spot of power quality monitors are capturing the waveforms of disturbances, such as the arcing transients that occur before the voltage sag is cleared by the distribution circuit protection device or the slight frequency and phase shift that occurs when switching from utility power to a backup power source that resulted in a particularly susceptible piece of equipment dropping off line. whether doing a benchmark survey to compare the site data to the commissioning data or troubleshooting a process interruption that only occurs once per month but with large financial consequences, a power quality monitor in the ,000 ,000 price range can do exactly that. though they don t have the same triggering, capture and characterization functionality as a power quality monitor, a high-speed 200 megahertz ghz digital oscilloscope ,000 ,000 can provide a more complete and wider picture of the steady-state signals that are present in a system and fall below the fundamental frequency or above the harmonic range of most power quality analyzers. for random or burst signals, a noise logger ,000 ,000 is the tool of choice. of course, the most used tool for power quality tasks is likely the screwdriver priceless . bingham, a contributing editor for power quality, can be reached at 732.287..
__label__non_math	0.9524	focus on economic data: consumer price index and inflation, glossary terms from: one of many choices or courses of action that might be taken in a given situation. any activity or organization that produces or exchanges goods or services for a profit. consumer price index cpi a price index that measures the cost of a fixed basket of consumer goods and services and compares the cost of this basket in one time period with its cost in some base period. changes in the cpi are used to measure inflation. people who use goods and services to satisfy their personal needs and not for resale or in the production of other goods and services. spending by households on goods and services. the process of buying and using goods and services. a sustained decrease in the average price level of all the goods and services produced in the economy. a severe, prolonged economic contraction. the central bank of the united states. its main function is controlling the money supply through monetary policy. the federal reserve system divides the country into districts, each with its own federal reserve bank. each district bank is directed by its nine-person board of directors. the board of governors, which is made up of seven members appointed by the president and confirmed by the senate to -year terms, directs the nation's monetary policy and the overall activities of the federal reserve. the federal open market committee is the official policy-making body; it is made up of the members of the board of governors and five of the district bank presidents. something a person or organization plans to achieve in the future; an aim or desired result. tangible objects that satisfy economic wants. spending by all levels of government on goods and services; includes categories like military, schools and roads. individuals and family units that buy goods and services as consumers and sell or rent productive resources as resource owners . payments earned by households for selling or renting their productive resources. may include salaries, wages, interest and dividends. a rise in the general or average price level of all the goods and services produced in an economy. can be caused by pressure from the demand side of the market demand-pull inflation or pressure from the supply side of the market cost-push inflation . money paid regularly, at a particular rate, for the use of borrowed money. the quantity and quality of human effort available to produce goods and services. the amount of money that people pay when they buy a good or service; the amount they receive when they sell a good or service. the weighted average of the prices of all goods and services in an economy; used to calculate inflation. people and firms that use resources to make goods and services. a good or service that can be used to satisfy a want. a process of manufacturing, growing, designing, or otherwise using productive resources to create goods or services used to to satisfy a want. goods, often supplied by the government, for which use by one person does not reduce the quantity of the good available for others to use, and for which consumption cannot be limited to those who pay for the good. the amount of goods and services that a monetary unit of income can buy. a decline in the rate of national economic activity, usually measured by a decline in real gdp for at least two consecutive quarters i.e., six months . money set aside for a future use that is held in easily-accessed accounts, such as savings accounts and certificates of deposit cds . activities performed by people, firms or government agencies to satisfy economic wants. use money now to buy goods and services. standard of living the level of subsistence of a nation, social class or individual with reference to the adequacy of necessities and comforts of daily life. compulsory payments to governments by households and businesses. an abstract measure of the satisfaction consumers derive from consuming goods and services. payments for labor services that are directly tied to time worked, or to the number of units of output produced. people employed to do work, producing goods and services.
__label__non_math	0.9982	cyclop dia of political science, political economy, and the political history of the united states sumner, charles, was born at boston, mass., , and died at washington, d. c., . he was graduated at harvard in , studied law with story, whose decisions he afterward reported, was admitted to the bar in , and was for the next three years to lecturer in the harvard law school. in he was absent in europe and on his return resumed practice. he had always been an anti-slavery whig, but in became a free soiler; and a coalition of democrats and free-soilers, in , sent him to the united states senate, where he remained until his death. see from this time he was an outspoken antagonist of the administration, his finest speeches being made in february, , on the government's sale of arms during the franco-german war, and in may, , or the president's abuse of the appointing power. in december, , he introduced a resolution to remove from the army register and flags the names of battles with fellow-citizens. for this his state legislature censured him by resolution, but the resolution was rescinded before his death. see see lester's life of sumner; harsha's life of sumner; pierce's memorial and letters of sumner; and sumner's orations and speeches , speeches and addresses , and complete works , the first four volumes including the years , and the last eight the years ; the most celebrated of his anti-slavery speeches are, "the crime against kansas" :127 , and "the barbarism of slavery," : . return to top
__label__non_math	0.9988	the mainstream media has deliberately ignored the growing scandal of benghazi. biased reporting is not new, although the extent to which the current media is willing to sacrifice its search for truth and personal glory in order to support ideology seems excessive. if the scandal of watergate made woodward and bernstein, why do current reporters not pursue similar fame and fortune? ideology rarely trumps self-interest, yet not one individual in the mainstream media even seems interested in pursuing the benghazi story. nor did any of them have any interest in pursuing obama s missing past. surely some entrepreneurial reporter would break ranks in hopes of achieving the personal fame and wealth that accrued to woodward and bernstein. isn t that, after all, what drew many into journalism in the first place? is there collusion between the media and government? if the press is unwilling to play an adversarial role then they become little more than propagandists for the state. is it possible that threats and coercion from chicago thugs in washington somehow is responsible for the decidedly dis-interest on the part of the media in certain topics? these are potential scandals for a different day. regarding benghazi, at least fringe opinion writers are focusing on it. here is wes pruden s lead with my emboldening : what did the president know, and when did he know it? of what steel are the republicans in congress made? we re about to find out. big scandals from little leaks grow. watergate was at first only a third-rate burglary. bubba thought he was only trying to cover up the details of a failed real-estate scheme down on the white river. humiliation, resignation and even an impeachment followed. mr. pruden s closing paragraphs express concern regarding the spine and integrity of congress my emboldening : with no facts, we have only the tangled web of lies in the changing official stories. was the general intimidated if not blackmailed into joining the president, secretary of state hillary clinton and united nations ambassador susan rice in their ridiculous story, told over and over, that the benghazi attack was set off by demonstrations protesting that obscure video? mr. petraeus supported the president s story about the video in testimony to congress shortly after the assassination of chris stevens. he surely knew better. by all accounts david petraeus was and is a man of honor and integrity, now disgraced and broken by a familiar indiscretion born of human frailty. looking to congress for brave men and women who can unravel this web of deceit, a web perhaps woven of high crimes and misdemeanors, is usually a fool s errand. but congress is all we ve got. given the outcome of the presidential election, will republicans have any spine? will democrats have any honor? mr. pruden breaks no new ground in raising these issues. the shallowness and self-interest of politicians are at the center of our failing country. no one in washington is willing to rock the ship of state. they will to whatever is necessary to be elected including painting their opponents as troglodytes. yet once ensconced in the trough, former enemies come together like the bloods and crips when confronted by the police. their cosa nostra must be protected at all costs. when it is threatened, they coalesce as one to repel any threats. the benghazi investigation will likely be a classic soviet-style show trial. if so, the corruptness and cowardice of washington is beyond repair and will only worsen with time.
__label__non_math	0.9776	note: this post has been updated since it was first published the leaders have gone to bed, leaving the number-crunchers to digest herman van rompuy s latest compromise proposal for the eu s seven year budget, before meeting again at noon see my earlier post here . mr van rompuy barely changes the headline figure that he had tabled earlier this month, but re-arranged the spending programmes breakdown of figures below . few think a deal will be reached at this summit, even if it stretches into the weekend. more likely, leaders will be summoned back next spring to try to close the deal. if so, there will be much talk of failure. but there may be some hidden benefit. positions remain too far apart. probably there will be no result at the end of this summit. there may be some progress but it is probable that we will need to meet again at a second stage, said angela merkel, the german chancellor. president francois hollande of france said he still wanted to try to reach an accord, but if we have to give time for time to achieve an agreement, that may be a wise choice. better, perhaps, to break up amicably than situation in which some feel browbeaten, cheated, or, worse, the british are isolated and the others try to get around its veto. while nobody will yet admit to making concessions, the summit does not appear for now to have reached the level of acrimony of some past meetings. that may yet change in the next session. done calmly, an agreement to come back in february or march could avoid poisoning the atmosphere around more urgent matters: settling the third bailout of greece see my earlier post , and agreeing the legal framework for the start of a euro-zone banking union. the word in mr hollande s entourage is that it is more urgent to solve the problems of the euro zone than to get a deal on the budget. there is time to come back to it. at least part of the time he spent closeted with mrs merkel was spent discussing greece - particularly the impasse over the imf's insistence that euro-zone creditors must write off some of the greek government's debt to make it sustainable still, mr van rompuy has been privately worried that a delay may make agreement even harder, because mrs merkel may have less room to compromise as she approaches her next autumn s general election campaign in germany. compared to his previous proposal, mr van rompuy has put about billion back into cohesion funds to help poorer regions , in a concession to poland and other friends of cohesion . to mollify the french, he has shoved nearly billion back into the common agricultural policy not enough, says mr hollande . to pay for this, he has then shaved off billion from the connecting europe facility which promotes cross-border infrastructure and .billion from global europe , an item that includes the new diplomatic service and development aid. despite pressure from britain to squeeze eurocrats, he has left the administration budget unchanged. the question of how to share out britain's rebate among others remains unresolved. "all david cameron pictured above could talk about was 'my rebate, my rebate, my rebate," said one well-placed source after the summit. france says nobody could question the amount of britain's rebate, but there could still be a discussion over who pays how much back to britain. the latest numbers rounded in euros with changes from mr van rompuy's last proposal are below.
__label__non_math	0.9957	brazil rocks the mercosur boat the collapse of brazil s currency has shaken its regional trade partners imagine you are a british manufacturer. suddenly the euro falls - . or a canadian one, and the american dollar falls likewise. that is the sort of shock that has hit argentina, paraguay and uruguay, brazil's partners in the mercosur trade block. can mercosur hold together? usually, the trouble is the other way round. some minor currency collapses, like mexico's peso in , and americans begin to groan about nafta. the slide of canada's dollar has brought american cries of woe. but this sort of grief is minor: no giant economy can be undermined by cheap goods from one small one. and there is machinery to lessen the political impact: the united states' international trade commission makes a finding that imports canadian cattle, nay, preserved mushrooms, recently are being sold below fair value . in political terms, this is not the american government itself retreating into protectionism. besides, there are dispute-settlement procedures. mercosur's case is different. the fallen currency belongs to its dominant economy. nor do the block or its members have these cushions: if there is protectionism, it is plainly the work of governments, and dispute-settlement machinery barely exists. no wonder the collapse of the real has brought flurries of ill-temper, and now a series of presidential meetings. brazil's fernando henrique cardoso, though deep in internal problems, fiscal and political, still spent an hour with uruguay's julio sanguinetti last week, declaring that mercosur's continuity must be guaranteed . he was due to meet paraguay's raul cubas on february 11th if possible, mr cubas being deeper still in a battle with paraguay's supreme court and congress over his ally, the former coup leader general lino oviedo . next day he was to meet argentina's carlos menem, with a summit of all four men on the 22nd. there is plenty for mr cardoso and mr menem, above all, to sort out. brazil was irked at mr menem's public advice, as the real plunged, that it should restructure its debt. no more popular was his talk of adopting the dollar as argentina's currency an idea that he at least takes seriously, while he has also republicised his idea of a single currency, no doubt the dollar, for all of mercosur. argentina's worries are down-to-earth. it cannot devalue, having tied its peso to the dollar. and last year it sent about of its exports to brazil. the sums are not huge: billion of imports from brazil, in a total gdp of some billion. but brazil is a vital market for some significant industries cars and parts, steel, processed foods, textiles, toys, the print industry. and cheap brazilian goods are already starting to flood in. to help its businesses, argentina has already unilaterally cut tariffs on capital goods from outside mercosur from to . it may subsidise local car-buyers. and it has just announced a plan for subsidised job-creation. but a delegation that asked brazil to end its export subsidies, overt or indirect like the cheap maize that ends up as pork , got no joy. the economy ministry is already strictly monitoring such imports from brazil as toys and shoes, and has talked of temporary quotas. not all argentines see a need for protection, even if it had no costs. luis secco, an economist, argues that with argentina now risking zero growth, or worse, it will be no soft touch for brazil's exporters. new year-end figures back him up. besides, protection would have costs; a warning from brazil's ambassador that unilateral argentine restraints could be almost fatal to mercosur may have killed that idea. but similar fears, and ideas for temporary limits to mercosur's free flow of goods, have been heard in uruguay and paraguay too. nor has argentina's retreat from such threats won much from brazil. lobbying secured an offer to switch brazil's export-financing effort towards non-mercosur markets. but overall, say the argentines, brazil's readiness so far to end subsidies would concern only of its total exports. the issues go beyond trade. mercosur has been a success in that field: trade among its members has soared. true, some argentines now argue that this success is delusory: it has pushed resources into businesses, like their inefficient motor industry, that could not live without high external tariffs and are now left high and dry by the fall of the real. yet that is disputable. what is certain is that shared tariff walls at least do less harm than national ones, and that a large, open market is a strong inducement to foreign investment. this is good in itself. it brings in dollars and, in time, produces goods for export. roberto lavagna, a leading argentine economist, backs this point. argentina's only hope of big foreign investment, he says, is for the production of tradable goods and such investors are only interested in mercosur. not quite: a spanish company has just bought most of the government's stake in the once state-run oil company ypf, more for its national than mercosur-wide merits. but two multinationals have already delayed projects this year, says mr lavagna, for fear of an intra-mercosur trade row. and mercosur has wider merits. already chile and bolivia are associates. venezuela's new president hopes his country can one day join. for the ambitious brazilians, it provides a vehicle to project their own weight, and not just in south america: in the talks supposed to lead by to a pan-american free-trade area, mercosur's voice essentially, brazil's has been the counterpoint to the otherwise overwhelming thunder of the united states. the brazilians' smaller partners mr menem's country for one do not see entirely eye-to-eye with them in their ambitions. but even a big country like brazil knows that, in a trade world dominated by the united states, the european union and japan, it on its own would risk being disregarded. still more so would lesser ones like argentina. for all its trade origins, recent birth and bouts of weakness, plenty of political capital is tied up in mercosur.
__label__non_math	0.9977	pakistan after bin laden humiliation of the military men civilian leaders and the united states put pressure on the beleaguered generals america's killing of osama bin laden on may 2nd brought with it a rare chance to ease the pakistani army's unhealthy grip on the country's domestic and foreign affairs. the generals have floundered since the raid in abbottabad, unsettled by accusations of complicity with bin laden or, if not, then incompetence. it has not helped that video clips show bin laden apparently active as al-qaeda's leader in his last years. pakistanis cannot agree what is more shocking, that bin laden had skulked in a military town so close to the capital, islamabad, or that americans nipped in to kill him without meeting the least resistance. either way, they know to blame the humiliated men in uniform. columnists and bloggers even call for army bosses to fall on their swagger sticks. ashfaq kayani, the now sullen-faced head of the armed forces, and his more exposed underling, ahmad shuja pasha, who runs the main military spy outfit, the inter-services intelligence directorate isi , are unused to such cheek. their spokesmen have fumbled to come up with a consistent line. they have claimed both that pakistan abhorred america's attack and helped to bring it about. army inaction on the night was because someone forgot to turn on the radar, or because it only worked pointing east at india. and general pasha would, and then certainly would not, fly to america to smooth things over. that disarray gave elected leaders a chance. neither president asif zardari nor yusuf raza gilani, the prime minister, deludes himself that he is really in charge. nor do outsiders. just after they had killed bin laden, the americans first telephoned general kayani, not the president. in the past year both generals kayani and pasha have had their spells in office extended beyond their usual terms, without a squeak from the brow-beaten civilians. the armed forces scoop up roughly a quarter of all public spending and large dollops of aid, with no proper oversight, says ayesha siddiqa, a defence analyst. they also run big firms, employ over 500,000, grab prime land for retired officers, set foreign and counterterrorism policies and scotch peace overtures to india. they are racing to expand a nuclear arsenal beyond 100 warheads pakistan will soon be the world's fifth-biggest nuclear power and has been a chief proliferator. civilian silence thus spoke volumes. rather than try to defend the army, both elected leaders found pressing needs to be out-of-town. eventually, on may 9th, mr gilani did tell parliament of the army's fight against terrorists. he announced an inquiry into the bin laden affair and said that, as ever, most problems were caused by america. yet his careful vow of full confidence in the high command of the army and the isi mostly emphasised their loss of prestige, as did a promise that on may 13th general kayani would explain to parliament what had gone wrong. the dismayed generals have sniped back. general kayani told fellow officers that the civilian response had been insufficient . public figures with army links, notably shah mehmood qureshi, a former foreign minister, and imran khan, a former cricketer and rising conservative politician, said the president and prime minister should quit. adding to the squeeze are the americans. president barack obama talked again on may 8th of bin laden's support network in pakistan, a sign he has not yet ruled out isi complicity. his officials sought and reportedly got access to three of bin laden's widows found in the abbottabad compound. they also want to go back to the compound, to get back bits of a helicopter abandoned in the raid. above all, they want the names of all the isi men who worked on al-qaeda. pakistani security men say it is ridiculous to suspect any complicity: they are at war with al-qaeda, have arrested of its leaders, and suffered violent attacks, including on isi offices and the army's headquarters in rawalpindi. but americans point to a refusal to prepare a campaign against the haqqani network, an al-qaeda ally, in north waziristan. they also note the isi's longstanding ties to the afghan taliban, including its leader, mullah omar, who is assumed to be operating out of quetta in baluchistan. perhaps american special forces will now go after him. as it is, despite strenuous efforts by america's chief-of-staff, admiral mike mullen, relations have been strained for ages. ordinary pakistanis have long resented american drone attacks on afghan insurgents sheltering in their country. american and pakistani spy agencies fell out last year as dozens of cia men arrived without isi oversight to hunt extremists in towns like abbottabad. relations only got worse in january, when police arrested a cia contractor after he had shot two men dead in lahore. the americans remain bitter that normal diplomatic levers failed for weeks to free him. the row rumbles on. this week some media, presumably fed by the isi, outed the cia station chief in islamabad by giving his name. the same happened five months ago to his predecessor. on may 16th is another test, as a trial opens in chicago of tahawwur rana, accused of helping a pakistani terrorist group, lashkar-e-taiba, who struck mumbai in november . among others indicted though still at large is a suspected isi officer, major iqbal , who is accused of helping to plan and fund the attacks which killed 170. generals kayani and pasha are struggling to calibrate their response. both congratulated marc grossman, america's regional envoy, for bin laden's killing when they met a few hours after the raid. in public, by contrast, general kayani growled that america was trampling on pakistan and must reduce its footprint . over military aid, they grumble that needed helicopters and fighter jets are held back. and to show that pakistan has other options, mr gilani is to visit china, its all-weather friend , on may 17th see article . relations with america can only get so bad, however. general mahmud ali durrani, ambassador to washington until , thinks the problem is that neither side speaks frankly. rather than pretend that it will campaign in the wilds of north waziristan, the pakistani army should spell out how operationally hard that would be. and the americans should set out the evidence for why they say the isi collaborates with extremists. although the bin laden raid has rocked the relationship, few predict a full break in ties. not only will america need to get precious supplies to afghanistan, mainly via the pakistani port of karachi, for years to come, but it is wary of isolating or destabilising a country with such a fast-growing nuclear arsenal. in turn pakistan, with a decrepit economy, needs international aid. and it frets at signs of america falling in with its old rival, india. so the two sides are stuck with each other. as a former foreign minister says, america has concluded that pakistanis are rascals, but at least they are still our rascals . from the print edition: asia
__label__non_math	0.9853	china s military rise the dragon s new teeth a rare look inside the world s biggest military expansion at a meeting of south-east asian nations in , china's foreign minister yang jiechi, facing a barrage of complaints about his country's behaviour in the region, blurted out the sort of thing polite leaders usually prefer to leave unsaid. china is a big country, he pointed out, and other countries are small countries and that is just a fact. indeed it is, and china is big not merely in terms of territory and population, but also military might. its communist party is presiding over the world's largest military build-up. and that is just a fact, too one which the rest of the world is having to come to terms with. that china is rapidly modernising its armed forces is not in doubt, though there is disagreement about what the true spending figure is. china's defence budget has almost certainly experienced double digit growth for two decades. according to sipri, a research institute, annual defence spending rose from over 120 billion in . sipri usually adds about to the official figure that china gives for its defence spending, because even basic military items such as research and development are kept off budget. including those items would imply total military spending in , based on the latest announcement from beijing, will be around billion. america still spends four-and-a-half times as much on defence, but on present trends china's defence spending could overtake america's after see chart . all that money is changing what the people's liberation army pla can do. twenty years ago, china's military might lay primarily in the enormous numbers of people under arms; their main task was to fight an enemy face-to-face or occupy territory. the pla is still the largest army in the world, with an active force of .3m. but china's real military strength increasingly lies elsewhere. the pentagon's planners think china is intent on acquiring what is called in the jargon a2 ad, or anti-access area denial capabilities. the idea is to use pinpoint ground attack and anti-ship missiles, a growing fleet of modern submarines and cyber and anti-satellite weapons to destroy or disable another nation's military assets from afar. in the western pacific, that would mean targeting or putting in jeopardy america's aircraft-carrier groups and its air-force bases in okinawa, south korea and even guam. the aim would be to render american power projection in asia riskier and more costly, so that america's allies would no longer be able to rely on it to deter aggression or to combat subtler forms of coercion. it would also enable china to carry out its repeated threat to take over taiwan if the island were ever to declare formal independence. china's military build-up is ringing alarm bells in asia and has already caused a pivot in america's defence policy. the new strategic guidance issued in january by barack obama and his defence secretary, leon panetta, confirmed what everyone in washington already knew: that a switch in priorities towards asia was overdue and under way. the document says that while the us military will continue to contribute to security globally, we will of necessity rebalance towards the asia-pacific region. america is planning roughly billion of cuts in planned defence spending over the next ten years. but, says the document, to credibly deter potential adversaries and to prevent them from achieving their objectives, the united states must maintain its ability to project power in areas in which our access and freedom to operate are challenged. it is pretty obvious what that means. distracted by campaigns in iraq and afghanistan, america has neglected the most economically dynamic region of the world. in particular, it has responded inadequately to china's growing military power and political assertiveness. according to senior american diplomats, china has the ambition and increasingly the power to become a regional hegemon; it is engaged in a determined effort to lock america out of a region that has been declared a vital security interest by every administration since teddy roosevelt's; and it is pulling countries in south-east asia into its orbit of influence by default . america has to respond. as an early sign of that response, mr obama announced in november that ,500 us marines would soon be stationed in australia. talks about an increased american military presence in the philippines began in february this year. the uncertainty principle china worries the rest of the world not only because of the scale of its military build-up, but also because of the lack of information about how it might use its new forces and even who is really in charge of them. the american strategic-guidance document spells out the concern. the growth of china's military power , it says, must be accompanied by greater clarity of its strategic intentions in order to avoid causing friction in the region. officially, china is committed to what it called, in the words of an old slogan, a peaceful rise . its foreign-policy experts stress their commitment to a rules-based multipolar world. they shake their heads in disbelief at suggestions that china sees itself as a near peer military competitor with america. in the south and east china seas, though, things look different. in the past months, there have been clashes between chinese vessels and ships from japan, vietnam, south korea and the philippines over territorial rights in the resource-rich waters. a pugnacious editorial in the state-run global times last october gave warning: if these countries don't want to change their ways with china, they will need to prepare for the sounds of cannons. we need to be ready for that, as it may be the only way for the disputes in the sea to be resolved. this was not a government pronouncement, but it seems the censors permit plenty of press freedom when it comes to blowing off nationalistic steam. smooth-talking foreign-ministry officials may cringe with embarrassment at global times china's equivalent of fox news but its views are not so far removed from the gung-ho leadership of the rapidly expanding navy. moreover, in a statement of doctrine published in , the pla's science of military strategy did not mince its words. although active defence is the essential feature of china's military strategy, it said, if an enemy offends our national interests it means that the enemy has already fired the first shot, in which case the pla's mission is to do all we can to dominate the enemy by striking first . making things more alarming is a lack of transparency over who really controls the guns and ships. china is unique among great powers in that the pla is not formally part of the state. it is responsible to the communist party, and is run by the party's central military commission, not the ministry of defence. although party and government are obviously very close in china, the party is even more opaque, which complicates outsiders' understanding of where the pla's loyalties and priorities lie. a better military-to-military relationship between america and china would cast some light into this dark corner. but the pla often suspends mil-mil relations as a punishment whenever tension rises with america over taiwan. the pla is also paranoid about what america might gain if the relationship between the two countries' armed forces went deeper. the upshot of these various uncertainties is that even if outsiders believe that china's intentions are largely benign and it is clear that some of them do not they can hardly make plans based on that assumption alone. as the influential american think-tank, the centre for strategic and budgetary assessments csba points out, the intentions of an authoritarian regime can change very quickly. the nature and size of the capabilities that china has built up also count. the build-up has gone in fits and starts. it began in the early 1950s when the soviet union was china's most important ally and arms supplier, but abruptly ceased when mao zedong launched his decade-long cultural revolution in the mid-1960s. the two countries came close to war over their disputed border and china carried out its first nuclear test. the second phase of modernisation began in the 1980s, under deng xiaoping. deng was seeking to reform the whole country and the army was no exception. but he told the pla that his priority was the economy; the generals must be patient and live within a budget of less than . of gdp. a third phase began in the early 1990s. shaken by the destructive impact of the west's high-tech weaponry on the iraqi army, the pla realised that its huge ground forces were militarily obsolete. pla scholars at the academy of military science in beijing began learning all they could from american think-tanks about the so-called revolution in military affairs rma , a change in strategy and weaponry made possible by exponentially greater computer-processing power. in a meeting with the economist at the academy, general chen zhou, the main author of the four most recent defence white papers, said: we studied rma exhaustively. our great hero was andy marshall in the pentagon the powerful head of the office of net assessment who was known as the pentagon's futurist-in-chief . we translated every word he wrote. in the general-secretary of the communist party, jiang zemin, put rma at the heart of china's military strategy. now, the pla had to turn itself into a force capable of winning what the strategy called local wars under high-tech conditions . campaigns would be short, decisive and limited in geographic scope and political goals. the big investments would henceforth go to the air force, the navy and the second artillery force, which operates china's nuclear and conventionally armed missiles. further shifts came in and . high-tech weapons on their own were not enough; what mattered was the ability to knit everything together on the battlefield through what the chinese called informatisation and what is known in the west as unified c4isr . the four cs are command, control, communications, and computers; isr stands for intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance; the pentagon loves its abbreviations . general chen describes the period up to as laying the foundations of modernised forces . the next decade should see the roll-out of what is called mechanisation the deployment of advanced military platforms and informatisation bringing them together as a network . the two processes should be completed in terms of equipment, integration and training by . but general chen reckons china will not achieve full informatisation until well after that. a major difficulty , he says, is that we are still only partially mechanised. we do not always know how to make our investments when technology is both overlapping and leapfrogging. whereas the west was able to accomplish its military transformation by taking the two processes in sequence, china is trying to do both together. still, that has not slowed down big investments which are designed to defeat even technologically advanced foes by making the best use of our strong points to attack the enemy's weak points . in the csba identified the essential military components that china, on current trends, will be able to deploy within ten years. among them: satellites and reconnaissance drones; thousands of surface-to-surface and anti-ship missiles; more than stealthy conventional submarines and at least six nuclear attack submarines; stealthy manned and unmanned combat aircraft; and space and cyber warfare capabilities. in addition, the navy has to decide whether to make the extremely expensive transition to a force dominated by aircraft-carriers, like america. aircraft-carriers would be an unmistakable declaration of an ambition eventually to project power far from home. deploying them would also match the expected actions of japan and india in the near future. china may well have three small carriers within five to ten years, though military analysts think it would take much longer for the chinese to learn how to use them well. a new gunboat diplomacy this promises to be a formidable array of assets. they are, for the most part, asymmetric , that is, designed not to match american military power in the western pacific directly but rather to exploit its vulnerabilities. so, how might they be used? taiwan is the main spur for china's military modernisation. in america reacted to chinese ballistic-missile tests carried out near taiwanese ports by sending two aircraft-carrier groups into the taiwan strait. since china's strategy has been largely built around the possibility of a cross-strait armed conflict in which china's forces would not only have to overcome opposition from taiwan but also to deter, delay or defeat an american attempt to intervene. according to recent reports by csba and rand, another american think-tank, china is well on its way to having the means, by , to deter american aircraft-carriers and aircraft from operating within what is known as the first island chain a perimeter running from the aleutians in the north to taiwan, the philippines and borneo see map . in china passed the taiwan anti-secession law, which commits it to a military response should taiwan ever declare independence or even if the government in beijing thinks all possibility of peaceful unification has been lost. jia xiudong of the china institute of international studies the foreign ministry's main think-tank says: the first priority is taiwan. the mainland is patient, but independence is not the future for taiwan. china's military forces should be ready to repel any force of intervention. the us likes to maintain what it calls strategic ambiguity' over what it would do in the event of a conflict arising from secession. we don't have any ambiguity. we will use whatever means we have to prevent it happening. if taiwan policy has been the immediate focus of china's military planning, the sheer breadth of capabilities the country is acquiring gives it other options and temptations. in hu jintao, china's president, said the pla should be able to undertake new historic missions . some of these involve un peacekeeping. in recent years china has been the biggest contributor of peacekeeping troops among the permanent five members of the security council. but the responsibility for most of these new missions has fallen on the navy. in addition to its primary job of denying china's enemies access to sea lanes, it is increasingly being asked to project power in the neighbourhood and farther afield. the navy appears to see itself as the guardian of china's ever-expanding economic interests. these range from supporting the country's sovereignty claims for example, its insistence on seeing most of the south china sea as an exclusive economic zone to protecting the huge weight of chinese shipping, preserving the country's access to energy and raw materials supplies, and safeguarding the soaring numbers of chinese citizens who work abroad about 5m today, but expected to rise to 100m by . the navy's growing fleet of powerful destroyers, stealthy frigates and guided-missile-carrying catamarans enables it to carry out extended green water operations ie, regional, not just coastal tasks . it is also developing longer-range blue water capabilities. in early the navy began anti-piracy patrols off the gulf of aden with three ships. last year, one of those vessels was sent to the mediterranean to assist in evacuating ,000 chinese workers from libya an impressive logistical exercise carried out with the chinese air force. power grows out of the barrel of a gun it is hardly surprising that china's neighbours and the west in general should worry about these developments. the range of forces marshalled against taiwan plus china's a2 ad potential to push the forces of other countries over the horizon have already eroded the confidence of america's asian allies that the guarantor of their security will always be there for them. mr obama's rebalancing towards asia may go some way towards easing those doubts. america's allies are also going to have to do more for themselves, including developing their own a2 ad capabilities. but the longer-term trends in defence spending are in china's favour. china can focus entirely on asia, whereas america will continue to have global responsibilities. asian concerns about the dragon will not disappear. that said, the threat from china should not be exaggerated. there are three limiting factors. first, unlike the former soviet union, china has a vital national interest in the stability of the global economic system. its military leaders constantly stress that the development of what is still only a middle-income country with a lot of very poor people takes precedence over military ambition. the increase in military spending reflects the growth of the economy, rather than an expanding share of national income. for many years china has spent the same proportion of gdp on defence a bit over , whereas america spends about . . the real test of china's willingness to keep military spending constant will come when china's headlong economic growth starts to slow further. but on past form, china's leaders will continue to worry more about internal threats to their control than external ones. last year spending on internal security outstripped military spending for the first time. with a rapidly ageing population, it is also a good bet that meeting the demand for better health care will become a higher priority than maintaining military spending. like all the other great powers, china faces a choice of guns or walking sticks. second, as some pragmatic american policymakers concede, it is not a matter for surprise or shock that a country of china's importance and history should have a sense of its place in the world and want armed forces which reflect that. indeed, the west is occasionally contradictory about chinese power, both fretting about it and asking china to accept greater responsibility for global order. as general yao yunzhu of the academy of military science says: we are criticised if we do more and criticised if we do less. the west should decide what it wants. the international military order is us-led nato and asian bilateral alliances there is nothing like the wto for china to get into. third, the pla may not be quite as formidable as it seems on paper. china's military technology has suffered from the western arms embargo imposed after the tiananmen square protests of . it struggles to produce high-performance jet engines, for example. western defence firms believe that is why they are often on the receiving end of cyber-attacks that appear to come from china. china's defence industry may be improving but it remains scattered, inefficient and over-dependent on high-tech imports from russia, which is happy to sell the same stuff to china's local rivals, india and vietnam. the pla also has little recent combat experience. the last time it fought a real enemy was in the war against vietnam in , when it got a bloody nose. in contrast, a decade of conflict has honed american forces to a new pitch of professionalism. there must be some doubt that the pla could put into practice the complex joint operations it is being increasingly called upon to perform. general yao says the gap between american and chinese forces is at least , maybe , years . china , she says, has no need to be a military peer of the us. but perhaps by the time we do become a peer competitor the leadership of both countries will have the wisdom to deal with the problem. the global security of the next few decades will depend on her hope being realised. correction: the following definitions have been changed in the main table of this article: "main battle tanks" to "modern main battle tanks ; "armoured infantry vehicles" to armoured infantry fighting vehicles ; "intercontinental ballistic missiles" to "intercontinental ballistic missile launchers"; transport helicopters to "heavy medium transport helicopters"; transport aircraft to "heavy medium transport aircraft"; tanker and multi-role aircraft to tanker aircraft . additionally, the data are from not as originally reported. these changes were made on 6th april .
__label__non_math	0.9413	"list price" is the suggested retail price provided to us by our vendors. we make no representation that a substantial number of these products have been sold or offered for sale at the list price. actual retail prices in your area may be substantially different. since we sell products on a national basis, it is not possible to know if our merchandise is sold at list price in any particular location or at any particular time. "you save" reflects the difference between our price and the vendor provided list price shown on our sites. since the list price may be different than the actual retail prices in your area, you may not actually realize a savings of this amount. manufacturers sometimes ask that retailers not display a price if it drops below a certain amount. the "click here to see lowest price" message indicates that the price of the item is so low that the manufacturer requested that it not be advertised that is, displayed . in a brick-and-mortar store, you would probably have to ask a salesperson what the price of the product is. at ecost, by clicking on "click here to see lowest price" you are essentially asking to see the price, at which point we show it to you.
__label__non_math	0.9998	it s been three years in the making, but transfair usa is finally ready to slap its fair-trade seal of approval on clothing. the san francisco nonprofit, the only third-party fair-trade certifier in the united states, has launched a new fair-trade certification for apparel, the nation s first to certify both ends of the supply chain: farms and factories. although fair-trade-certified togs have been available in europe for years, transfair s pilot program marks the first time americans will be able to identify garments that are not only sustainably produced but also guarantee fair, above-the-market compensation to cotton farmers and garment workers alike. fair trade, fair labor from now till spring, transfair will be rolling out its pilot brands, which currently include tompkins point apparel, a new line of organic-cotton men s polo shirts, and hae now, a nascent purveyor of organic-cotton blank tees. but fair trade isn t the only label making headway into the ethical apparel market. maggie s organics, one of the country s oldest producers of organic-cotton apparel, is the first manufacturer in the world to sell clothing that is independently certified to a new standard for fair labor practices and community benefits. issued by scientific certification systems, the new fair-labor certification covers ever stage of maggie s production chain, from the growing, ginning, and spinning of organic cotton fibers into fabric in nicaragua, to cutting and sewing clothes in costa rica, to screen-printing and warehouse operations in michigan.
__label__non_math	1.0000	jones ace hardware pat jones of jones ace hardware accepted the award for business of the year from castle dale. he said his grandfather was from sunnyside and operated a meat business and raised produce which he also sold in emery county. his family purchased property in castle dale and set up a feed operation. his uncle and dad helped with the operation. eventually his dad bought out his uncle and remodeled the business. pat was just out of college when his father was trying to sell the business. there were a couple of people interested in buying it, but they couldn't come up with the money. pat told them he didn't have any money either, but if they would sponsor him he would give it a try. pat said between him, his father and his uncle; they had three different ideas of business. pat said that agriculture wasn't going anywhere and he wanted to provide hardware so emery county people would be able to purchase these items locally. he put everything he had into coast to coast and then they were associated with service star for awhile. when the switch came to true value, pat switched to ace hardware. they also have added a radio shack franchise which his son, mike jones manages. "we have enjoyed the county and i have a great love for the county. this is a hard place to have a business because people here grow up with the mind set that you have to leave the county to shop. businesses that are successful in emery county have learned that service is the key and taking care of your customers. i appreciate this award," said pat. best viewed with firefox
__label__non_math	0.9963	mk tunnels reclamation project: long standing holes in the desert are filled the mk tunnels have long been a historical spot for emery county residents. most visitors to the area probably have no idea of their existence as they are not clearly visible from one of the many roads on the swell. a project several years in the making is coming to fruition as work is being completed to close the mk tunnels and make them safe. tony gallegos from the utah state division of oil, gas and mining has been involved with the mk tunnel project. work has been ongoing at the site since late february. the long horizontal tunnel will have a gate, on top of the first shaft will be a rebar gate with a concrete footer around it and the other two shaft openings towards the end of the tunnel will be partially backfilled and end with a concrete cap over it. there is nothing being done with the powder magazine in buckhorn draw. there is a horizontal portal that will be closed by a rock wall a short distance inside and the other shaft will have a pin grate. tony gallegos, project manager, explained the separation of the san rafael project and the mk tunnel project into two separate projects. "in the san rafael project, 173 mines openings have been proposed to be closed at a cost of 164,000. gallegos explained the dogm project will leave the opening known as the powder magazine for the mk tunnels open for its historical value. it is a safe portal and is not in fractured, unsafe rock. at some of the other horizontal openings, manganol steel gates will be installed and may be recessed into the opening. the larger horizontal openings will be filled with block walls that will be covered with plaster using native soils to match the landscape colors. the openings with something of interest to see will have the steel gates inserted so visitors can view the historical items. as for the openings that are vertical into the ground, these will be backfilled with material from waste piles in the area and capped with concrete pads. "dogm has engineered safety first, then considered the cultural and historic value, with consideration to sensitive species in the area," said gallegos. he stated the concrete pads will have drainage pipes to allow for run off with no further erosion. also included in the mk tunnel project is ,000 in the project money to have an interpretive kiosk constructed to inform visitors of the historic value of the area. the emery county historical society went on a field trip a couple of years back and learned more on the history of the mk tunnels. the following is an excerpt from a story written at that time with information about the tunnels. mervin miles began the tour with a little history of the tunnels. "the general contractor for this project was the department of defense. the government wanted to test the rock for stability and feasibility for the building of a storage site. this began in the late 40s and continued until the mid 50s," stated miles. "the tests were to determine if the rock in this area could withstand a bomb blast. many tons of tnt were used to create the big tunnel. it goes back into the mountain about 300 feet with an off-shoot tunnel which is about 200 feet long. several local men were involved in this project including, jim peacock, lyle crawford, stewart snow, and many others. "in the 50s, when the crews were cleaning up the area, an emery county gully washer came down and the flood waters rushed into the holes on the surface of the tunnel. one man was drowned, i'm not sure of his identity, and many pieces of equipment were also lost in the flood. "in the buckhorn, the powder magazine for this project was built. further up the buckhorn is where the camp was located with the living quarters for the people. "this area has been considered a public safety hazard, due to the large holes in the top of the tunnels. the bureau of land management has decided to reclaim the area to eliminate the dangerous situation. following the blasts, it was determined that the rock in this area was too soft for the purpose of storage. the testing moved into colorado and found a site suitable for the purpose and that location is norad today. "for the reclamation of the project, the blm has decided to fill in two of the three holes with small indentations remaining for the public to be able to visualize the holes. one hole will have grating installed so the hole remains visible. the opening of the main tunnel will have recessed bars installed to allow visitors to see into the tunnel, but not have access into the unsafe areas. "this reclamation project will resolve the safety and liability issues for the blm," said miles. the name mk tunnels comes from the contractor morris and knudsen who worked on the site.
__label__non_math	1.0000	emery high "a" student wins scholarship from zions bank castle dale branch manager ed christianson awards laurel lemon with a scholarship. emery telcom awards local scholarships emery telcom is giving a total of ,000 in scholarship money to help local high school graduates pursue higher education. search and rescue on the swell on june -the emery county sheriff's office and search and rescue participated in a search in little wild horse canyon for missing hikers. the group became separated from the rest of their family and did not arrive at the intended meeting place. fo... over the top millsite reservoir continues to spill a taste for art cameron grose, , from colorado receives instructions in watercolor by sue watts. county receives grant for digital tv delena fish of the department of workforce services was at the recent emery county commission meeting to give her quarterly report. she stated that dws is at the end of their fiscal year and they are in the middle of gathering information with surve... senior affairs fair to be held volunteers of america rsvp will be holding their second annual senior affairs fair on june , from noon-p.m. at the museum of the san rafael. the skyline cwma is sponsoring a tour of the green river area focusing on various treatments of tamarisk and russian knapweed. those who are interested in joining the tour should meet at the john wesley powell museum parking lot in green river on ju... john wesley powell days the john wesley powell river history museum in green river will host its john wesley powell days on june at the museum. the events begin with a close-up fund raising breakfast from -a.m. at the museum. ... goblin valley state park on june , join the park naturalist, megan blackwelder, at a.m. at the observation point shelter to learn how animals survive in the desert. at p.m., join the naturalist for goblin valley's talk show, lifestyles of the dry and dusty. help ... the emery county historical society will hold their monthly meeting on june at p.m. at the museum of the san rafael in castle dale. nancy taniguchi will be the special guest andf she will be talking about her book castle valley america: hard lan...
__label__non_math	1.0000	joining forces: ecu part of national project to treat traumatic brain injury and ptsd in troops the brody school of medicine at east carolina university is one of more than 100 medical schools nationwide working with first lady michelle obama's joining forces project to better diagnose and treat post traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury in service members and veterans. obama announced the collaborative effort today in richmond, va. joining forces, the association of american medical colleges and the american association of colleges of osteopathic medicine will work together to better train physicians and medical students to diagnose and treat the medical needs of veterans and their families. read more...
__label__non_math	0.9910	as a freshman game-by-game statistics earned conference usa all-freshman team honors after turning in strong debut season ... posted an -record with a .earned run average ... finished the campaign ranked among the top three in c-usa in appearances 2nd , games started t-3rd and innings pitched 200. 3rd ... tossed complete games ... established ecu rookie records in innings pitched and appearances ... eighteen victories were good for fifth in the league and the third most by a freshman in program history ... tossed a pair of shutouts, at cal state fullerton and versus marshall ... issued just walks, an average of only .per contest ... held opponents to a .298 batting average with two outs -for-272 and with the bases empty 127-for-426 ... posted a .earned run average as a starter ... when working with a full count, allowed only seven hits in opportunities .194 batting average ... tallied her most strikeouts with an -count -of- ... in conference usa action, went -with a .earned run average in .innings ... stood fifth in the league in innings pitched and wins within conference games only ... during league starts, posted a .earned run average to go along with seven victories ... excelled in home games, going -with a .era ... held opponents to a .247 batting average inside the ecu softball stadium ... during the pirates' victories, compiled a .era ... improved from the first half of the season to the second, going -with a .earned run average during the squad's first games and turning in a -record and .era over the final contests ... tallied seven of the pirates' eight victories in march ... pitched complete games in final six starts of the regular season and posted a -record and .era during the span ... with a win over canisius , became the first east carolina freshman pitcher to record a victory in initial career appearance since caitlin wainright against middle tennessee on ... also was the first pirate rookie hurler to win initial career start since suzanne riggs downed north florida on ... recorded first career strikeout versus canisius , retiring jen consaul to open the third inning ... turned in first career complete game in victory over uncg ... became the first ecu freshman pitcher to go -in first three career starts since britt howell in ... tossed first career shutout at cal state fullerton , surrendering just one hit on an infield single ... threw a career-high .innings at tulsa and struck out a personal-best five batters ... earned all three victories over utep to become the first pirate to win all three games of a c-usa series since toni paisley topped ucf three times april and , ... in the last seven seasons, joined uab's leigh streetman, who topped marshall on may and , , as the only league freshmen to win all three contests of a c-usa series ... threw first conference shutout in finale versus marshall . d.h. conley high school a four-year letterwinner who was a four-time n.c. softball coaches association 3a all-state selection ... also earned a trio of all-district and all-3a coastal conference selections ... capped career by leading d.h. conley to its first state championship title ... ended senior campaign with a .earned run average, 188 strikeouts, hits allowed and earned runs surrendered in 142 innings ... threw seven solo shutouts and combined in others ... named the north carolina 3a-east pitcher-of-the-year, 3a-district pitcher-of-the-year and the daily reflector pitcher-of-the-year as a senior after earning the north carolina 3a-district pitcher-of-the-year honor as a sophomore ... at the state championship series, earned most valuable player honors after recording three victories and strikeouts in innings ... during junior year, posted a -record with complete games and shutouts while striking out 147 ... enhanced softball experience by playing for numerous travel teams throughout the country including the hawai'i pearls, hawai'i guava jam, maryland's wagners gold and the carolina wildcats ... helped the pearls to a 17th-place finish at the prestigious fireworks tournament in aurora, colo., and the wildcats to 25th place at the asa 18u nationals during the summer of ... also a standout in the classroom who was a member of the beta club, national honor society and national society of high school scholars ... included in the who's who among american high school studentsand served as the student body vice president after being elected the president of her junior class. personal intended academic major is business ... daughter of cal and kay christian ... has a younger brother, conner ... father is an associate professor of accounting in ecu's college of business.
__label__non_math	0.9998	about european college of veterinary diagnostic imaging the european college of veterinary diagnostic imaging ecvdi is an organization whose goals are to advance veterinary diagnostic imaging in europe and increase the competence of those who practise in this field. the college establishes guidelines for post-graduate education and experience prerequisite to becoming a specialist in veterinary diagnostic imaging, and also examines and certifies veterinarians as specialists in veterinary diagnostic imaging to serve the veterinary profession and the public in general. our mission includes encouraging research and other contributions to knowledge relating to diagnostic imaging, and promoting communication and dissemination of this knowledge. the ecvdi membership consists of diplomates, associate members, honorary members, retired members, and residents. there are currently 143 practicing diplomates, associate members, honorary members, and residents active in the college. there is one society, eladis, whose members are interested in furthering equine diagnostic imaging, that anyone can join. specialists in diagnostic imaging are an important part of the patient care team. ecvdi diplomates are on top of the rapid advancement in technology that has resulted in digital imaging and advanced cross-sectional techniques. diplomates are available in university and private practice to provide expert interpretation of all types of images. ecvdi diplomates are a vital part of the health care team that cares for all types of animals. the interaction between you and your primary care veterinarian is enhanced by specialist interpretation of diagnostic images, helping the team provide the best possible care for your animal.
__label__non_math	1.0000	a renowned staple of organic lundberg california short grain brown rice and u.s.a. family organic black turtle beans cooked in a organic spicy tomato pur e with a bit of eden sea salt. expertly prepared at our certified organic and kosher cannery. a no compromise time saver. just heat, stir, and serve. great for quick burritos, soups, and stews. whole grain and beans together deliver complete protein. rich in folate b9, and a good source of fiber, protein, iron, thiamin b1, magnesium, and zinc. packed in bisphenol-a bpa free lined cans. gluten free. kosher pareve.
__label__non_math	0.9999	eden selected dried navy beans, michigan family organically grown in mineral rich, vital soil. a small white bean aka 'pearl haricot' brought to boston by the british navy. after pinto, navy is the most popular bean in america. popular for baked beans and in senate bean soup. great in soups, stews, salads, dips, spreads, and casseroles. rich in healthy fiber, thiamin b1, and folate b9, and a good source of potassium, protein, iron, magnesium, and copper. packaged in boxes of recycled and recyclable paperboard, one of the most environmentally friendly packages available. kosher pareve
__label__non_math	1.0000	atlantis, lemuria, egypt, and more international speaker and author john van auken mark your calendars now to enjoy a rich day with one of edgar cayce's ancient mysteries experts, the popular teacher john van auken. learn about your soul's ancient experiences and how these past lives affect your present talents, relationships, circumstances, and, of course, your karma good and bad . john brings a wealth of information, insight, and amazing slides that reveal the affects of reincarnation from ancient soul experiences in atlantis, lemuria, egypt even in starry realms beyond earth during this day you'll see images and hear details about: - edgar cayce's ancient world and people - atlantis, lemuria, egypt, the mayan world, india, and more - ancient mysticism and methods of enlightenment - how your soul has journeyed through many dimensions - your star traveler self and its mission and destiny - relationships that have carried over into this life john will show some of the rarest images from egypt, the mayan cosmos, and ancient india. john will present mind-expanding concepts from the amazing edgar cayce visions of our celestial nature now living temporarily in this terrestrial world. and from his latest book, edgar cayce's tales of ancient egypt with over illustrations, he'll tell marvelous stories of those times and peoples, and how these tales relate to us and our lives today. john van auken program location : view larger map unity of livonia five mile road livonia, michigan saturday, a.m. to p.m. at-door registration bookstore opens at a.m. meal break: p.m. restaurants within driving distance .
__label__non_math	0.9999	new and notable philly attractions for philadelphia, pa - if you haven t updated your philadelphia guide lately, you might be missing some major new museums and attractions. over the past few years, the region welcomed some destination-defining-and trip-defining-attractions, including the barnes foundation, the renewed rodin museum, the national museum of american jewish history and the president s house, as well as new fashionable hotels and fun festivals. between all their touring, visitors fuel up in a city that s become a top dining destination, evidenced by recent multiple-page features in travel leisure and bon app tit. the italian market, reading terminal market, byob spots, red-gravy restaurants, chef-centric eateries, ethnic outposts, food trucks and alfresco dining rooms make philly s food scene an attraction in itself. after the check s paid, here are the newest spots to check out in philadelphia: new must-do attractions: . opened in may , the barnes foundation displays the world-renowned collection of impressionist, post-impressionist and early modern paintings, as well as african sculpture and pennsylvania dutch decorative arts-all moved from a pennsylvania suburb to center city s benjamin franklin parkway. to house the late albert barnes treasured art holdings, architects designed a building that combines the vision of their original owner dr. albert barnes with a contemporary and green execution. it paid off when it achieved highest level of environmental certification from the u.s. green building council-leed platinum. the ,000-square-foot building also includes a changing exhibition gallery, conservation lab, auditorium, library, cafe and gift shop. reservations are highly suggested. 20th street benjamin franklin parkway, 215 640-, . in november , independence mall welcomed the opening of the gleaming new national museum of american jewish history, a modern 100,000-square-foot, five-story glass structure architecturally designedto reflect the welcome embrace of america and the perennial fragility of democracy. inside, exhibitions, rare artifacts and interactive displays mark the contributions, hardships and successes of american jews through every phase of the country s history and invite all people to remark on the characteristics that make humans similar instead of different. 101 s. independence mall east, 215 923-, . when walking through the president s house: freedom and slavery in the making of a new nation on independence mall, visitors see structural fragments of the home where presidents washington and adams lived during their terms and where nine enslaved people served the first president. just steps from the liberty bell center, people learn about the events that transpired at the president s house through illustrated glass panels, timelines and video re-enactments, and they can partake in silent reflection at the free, open-air site. 6th market streets, 215 597-, . inspired by rome s famed gathering centers, the piazza at schmidts sits in the former plot of schmidt s brewery, embracing the neighborhood s industrial past and vibrant present all at once. surrounded by a mix of artists studios, boutiques and restaurants, it s bursting with activity all year long with festivals, concerts and a farmers market. people bring their own chairs to catch games and movies on its -foot led screen. 2nd street germantown avenue, . shoppers stroll through the philadelphia premium outlets in limerick-about an hour outside of philadelphia-in search of bargains at the 150 outlet stores. the mall is home to everyday favorites like gap, adidas and anne taylor, along with splurge-worthy spots like michael kors, neiman marcus last call and cole haan. and remember, there s no tax on clothing in pennsylvania. west lightcap road, limerick, 610 495-, . the rodin museum unveiled its redesigned outdoor sculpture garden in , and in , museum officials opened the doors to a fully renovated interior. the relocation of many sculptures back to their rightful place in the garden has opened up indoor space for a reconfiguration of existing items, modernized visitor amenities and areas for lively public programming. a highlight of the revamped museum is the main gallery placement of a marble replica of the kiss. 22nd street benjamin franklin parkway, 215 568-, . the september opening of the philadelphia history museum at the atwater kent revealed an extensively revitalized home for a treasure trove of objects that chronicle the everyday lives of three centuries worth of philadelphians. new exhibits showcase everything from 18th-century portraits to 21st-century community movements; installations that explore the city s craft beer movement; dynamic displays that celebrate philadelphia sports fanaticism; and stories of the city s growth using street intersections as a guide. the reconfigured space allows curators to display items rarely or ever before seen, such as joe frazier s boxing gloves, benjamin franklin s wine glass, a quaker bonnet, the famous wampum belt and george washington s presidential desk. s. 7th street, 215 685-, parks outdoor venues: . when it opened in , lenfest plaza became an olin-designed anchor for burgeoning north broad street. because the plaza is owned by the pennsylvania academy of the fine arts, public art and performance are focal points. alongside a permanent stage, sculpture and other artwork rotate. the installation of claes oldenburg s -foot paint torch sculpture-his only large-scale work to incorporate light sources-makes philadelphia home to more outsized oldenburgs than any other city in the world. 118-128 n. broad street, 215 972-, . in the shadow of the benjamin franklin bridge juts the race street pier, a stretch of land that s been landscaped to provide two levels for recreation on the delaware river waterfront. the upper terrace, dubbed the "grand sky promenade," is paved with a sustainable, synthetic decking material fashioned from reclaimed plastic and wood. the promenade is connected to the grassy lower terrace by a multi-tiered seating area that s perfect for picnicking and watching the tide roll in. fully lighted rails and more than 200 embedded led solar light blocks extend the pier s hours of use well into the evening. columbus boulevard race street, 215 928-, . the cathedral basilica of saints peter and paul now has a front yard worthy of its grandiosity. opened in may , sister cities park boasts a contemporary, eco-forward pavilion that houses a cafe and a visitor center. the pavilion is surrounded by an outdoor children s garden, a boat pond and a fountain that pays tribute to philadelphia s sister cities. 18th street benjamin franklin parkway, . penn park, a -acre urban recreational area on the banks of the schuylkill river, is a prime component of the university of pennsylvania s -year master development plan to connect the campus to the rest of the city. bike trails, walkways and native trees are just the beginning of the improvements to the former parking lots. areas for relaxation, vegetation and formal and informal athletics add more greenspace to penn s campus, while an elevated walkway and a raised central plaza offer prime vistas of the river and center city s highrises. 31st street between walnut south streets, . after a crowdsourcing naming initiative, the former asphalt lot that s now a green plaza outside the south side of 30th street station is being called the porch at 30th street station. with plantings, trees and lots of seating, it makes for an ideal canvas for festivals, performances, yoga classes, a new farmers market and a pleasant place to sit and eat lunch from a nearby food truck. n. 30th street, 215 243-, games: on the field in the slots: . soccer fans have plenty to cheer about in philadelphia-the philadelphia union team and ppl park stadium both debuted in . the ,500-seat home stadium, located in chester, pennsylvania, boasts scenic views of the delaware river, a restaurant, luxury suites, a club section and dedicated areas for tailgating, picnicking and music. stadium drive, chester, . in south philadelphia, where the phillies, flyers, 76ers and eagles wow crowds throughout the year, the new xfinity live . the philadelphia region hit the jackpot in when it welcomed its third casino-this one close to downtown philadelphia. sugarhouse casino in the fishtown section of the city joined parx casino in bensalem and harrah s chester to make philadelphia the only major city to have casinos with both slots and table games. all easily accessible along the i-corridor, the shiny new gaming parlors boast thousands of slot machines, hundreds of table games, live racing, restaurants, lounges and more. sugarhouse, n. columbus boulevard, 267 232-, sugarhousecasino.com; parx, street road, bensalem, 888 588-parxs, parxcasino.com; harrah s, 777 harrah s boulevard, chester, 800 480-, . during the biennial philadelphia international festival of the arts pifa , taking place march through april , the kimmel center presents a celebration of the city s diverse artistic fabric while exploring a theme for that year. for its second showing in , pifa asks organizations to use "if you had a time machine..." for one month, more than participating arts organizations stage events and performances throughout the city, including classical and contemporary music, dance, theater, painting, circus acts and more. it all culminates with a street fair on the avenue of the arts. 215 790-, . the philadelphia science festival comprises a two-week, community-wide celebration of all- things science in april . with hands-on events for kids, sophisticated activities for adults and a carnival that takes place along the benjamin franklin parkway, the philadelphia science festival takes science out of the lab and demonstrates the role it plays in everyday life. 215 448-, . philly beer week,an annual celebration of the philadelphia s vibrant beer culture, takes over the city and region for days in june and features events ranging from tastings to lectures to beer-pairing dinners. a couple kimptons: . kimpton made its philadelphia debut in with the hotel palomar philadelphia, a -story property housed in the -year-old american institute of architects building. themed "art in motion," the art deco building s interior design pays homage to fashion, dance, literature, architecture and the visual arts-as evidenced by the original artwork on display by local philadelphia and national artists. what s more, hotel palomar delivers a stylish and modern design while preserving many of the building s historic details. leadership in energy and environmental design leed has recognized the hotel for its design innovation and its unique sustainable building site. 117 s. 17th street, 215 563-, . the 100-year-old lafayette building, located on independence hall, found new life as a kimpton-owned hotel monaco in .the -story structure transformed into a four-star hotel housing 268 rooms; a bevy of luxury suites; the 120-seat red owl tavern, serving modern american fare and craft cocktails; and stratus, the largest rooftop lounge in philadelphia.5th chestnut streets, the greater philadelphia tourism marketing corporation gptmc makes philadelphia and the countryside a premier destination through marketing and image building that increases business and promotes the region s vitality. for more information about travel to philadelphia, visit visitphilly.com or uwishunu.com, where you can build itineraries; search event calendars; see photos and videos; view interactive maps; sign up for newsletters; listen to hearphilly, an online radio station about what to see and do in the region; book hotel reservations and more. or, call the independence visitor center, located in historic philadelphia, at 800 537-.
__label__non_math	0.9999	sex-abuse charges sinks del. gop pro-family candidate a republican politician who was running for the delaware state senate has been charged with 113 counts of sexually abusing a boy more than two decades ago. he has pleaded not guilty, delaware s cape gazette reports. according to reports, eric bodenweiser, , has been charged with raping a boy times during a three-year period. the politician faces charges of second-degree unlawful sexual contact and charges of first-degree unlawful sexual intercourse. delaware s news journal reports that bodenweiser was a "rising star in conservative politics" and was a republican candidate for the state senate until he was indicted by a grand jury monday. he is being accused of raping a boy between october and august when the alleged victim was between the ages of and . the alleged victim is now years old and lives in florida, the gazette reported. in an email to the publication, he wrote that he could not discuss the case but said it was "not politically motivated." the publication claims the alleged victim has a criminal record as he was arrested in florida in and charged with domestic battery by strangulation and tampering with a state witness. according to documents, he is on probation after he pleaded guilty. victims of childhood sexual abuse often themselves turn to domestic violence as adults. after bodenweiser turned himself into delaware state police on monday, he posted his bail. but superior court judge e. scott bradley ordered the politician be monitored by a gps and watched by officials. bodenweiser, who has pleaded not guilty to the charges, is a prominent member of the delaware family council, a conservative organization that opposes gay rights and is connected to focus on the family. he is also a local businessman and helped operate his family s convenience store chain until it was sold in . bodenweiser defeated incumbent sen. joe booth r-georgetown in the september primary to become the gop nominee for the state senate race. christine o donnell, the former tea party candidate for u.s. senate and an ultra-conservative, backed bodenweiser. in a video, o donnell called the politician a "great man that deserves our support and that we need to send to dover. eric has the kind of character that will stand up against corruption, that will do what is right in the face of opposition, in the face of pressure." bodenweiser calls himself a "fiscal and social conservative christian" in a video and told voters if he was elected he would cut taxes and regulations. although ballots with bodenweiser s name have already been printed, election officials said they would place stickers over his name on election day, according to news journal. any votes cast towards him will not be counted. an assistant superintendent for the indian river school district in delaware told the gazette that bodenweiser was a mentor for children in middle and elementary schools. "we haven t had any concerns raised by anyone," gary brittingham told the newspaper. "we ve taken the proper steps." he said that he would not talk about the children bodenweiser mentored but information related to the politician has been given to the authorities. ruth briggs king, a republican state representative for delaware, said she was surprised by bodenweiser s charges. "it s one of those very unfortunate situations," she told the news journal. she compared the incident to when earl bradley, a former pediatrician from delaware who was convicted of abusing a number of children patients and has been sentenced to life in prison. "these are a lot of charges as well. it s mind-boggling," she said. "we ll trust in the judicial process. it s a long process, and we ll see."
__label__non_math	1.0000	pasta maker annie s shares soar in nyse debut new york ap - shares of organic pasta maker annie s inc. are soaring in their market debut on the new york stock exchange. the berkeley, calif., company raised late tuesday. that s above the range of that the company expected on monday. it originally planned to offer its share at . since about percent of the shares were sold by company stockholders rather than annie s, the company expects net proceeds from the ipo of just .million, after expenses. proceeds from shareholder sales don t go to the company. annie s plans to use some of the money to pay down debt. annie s makes a number of organic and natural foods that are sold nationwide. it s best known for its signature macaroni and cheese with pasta shaped like rabbits. credit suisse and jpmorgan managed the ipo. the stock is up percent to .in the first hour of trading.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the university communications and marketing office of edinboro university provides this resource guide to assist you in finding and identifying a faculty or staff member who can address important topics in a credible and professional manner. this community service is offered to the media, as well as to businesses, agencies and organizations. once you have found a topic of interest, or a faculty or staff member whom you would like to contact, call us at 814-732-. if you are calling from the media and need an expert opinion immediately, our office will make every effort to quickly put you in touch with the professional of your choice. if you are looking for a speaker, please allow several weeks for the speaker to schedule your event and prepare a presentation. edinboro university takes pride in its commitment to people and ideas, and continues its leadership in community involvement by providing this valuable and important resource. note: we are in the process of updating our list of resources. please check back periodically for updated listings.
__label__non_math	0.9999	book festival closes with tribute to edwin morgan the edinburgh book festival closed with a moving tribute to scotland s first national poet, edwin morgan who died last week. richard holloway chaired the final event in charlotte square gardens which featured readings and personal tributes from of scotland s top poets including douglas dunn, janice galloway, hamish whyte, liz lochhead and jackie kay. the festival has featured over 750 participants from countries including nobel laureates joseph stiglitz, amartya sen and seamus heaney, poets laureate carol ann duffy and keorapetse willie kgositsile from south africa as well as of the authors long-listed for the man booker prize. highlights of the day festival included the first appearance in edinburgh of a s byatt, the delivery of the donald dewar memorial lecture by former chancellor alistair darling, exclusive pre-publication readings from seamus heaney, will self and michael frayn and launches of memoirs from candia mcwilliam, vidal sassoon and nicholas parsons. amongst the international authors, alberto manguel, joyce carol oates, garry trudeau and d b c pierre were welcome additions to the programme. peter mandelson spoke at his first public event to promote his memoir, the third man to a capacity audience, and closed his event with his proposed oxford dictionary definition of the new word mandelsonian as subtle, strategic, hard working and ultimately very loyal. book festival organisers estimate that around 200,000 people visited charlotte square gardens during the festival, to enjoy events, browse the bookshops and to relax in the sunshine. ticket sales were on a par with with of all tickets sold. a figure marginally down on which was an exceptional year. my first year as book festival director has been a hugely fulfilling and enjoyable experience that has fittingly culminated in the tribute to edwin morgan in a year when we have welcomed more outstanding poets than ever before," said nick barley, director of the edinburgh international book festival. "we have built upon the core of a hugely successful festival by introducing new innovations including the unbound festival within a festival , the readers first book award and working with a range of guest selectors. these have been extremely well received both by authors and audience alike. i am delighted with the level of ticket sales which demonstrates that despite the uncertainty in the economy, arts and culture continue to play a vital role in people s lives. the rbs children s programme enjoyed sell out events and record signing queues for robert muchamore, cressida cowell and julia donaldson as well as welcoming new writing from john boyne, garth nix, cornelia funke and francesca simon. the rbs schools programme welcomed over ,000 children from primary and secondary schools across scotland, culminating in ,000 primary school pupils enjoying exclusive access to events in charlotte square gardens today. the book festival will continue on-line through the autumn and winter months with new, specially commissioned writing from scottish, international and children s authors on the subject of elsewhere , which is supported by the scottish government s edinburgh festivals expo fund. video recordings from the elsewhere programme events from the book festival will be also be available on the book festival site from mid-september. the edinburgh international book festival will run from to august and the programme will be announced in june.
__label__non_math	1.0000	our team is ready to assist you we re sorry, but the web page you are attempting to view may not exist or may have moved. you may have reached this page from an incorrect link. try double checking the web address. please use the site map links below or the search box above to find what you're looking for or visit the edmund optics homepage. for web site information, to report broken links or server errors contact the webmaster.
__label__non_math	0.9790	what's new for the ferrari 599 gtb fiorano replaces the 575m maranello. blessed with a retuned version of the enzo's v12, the lighter, faster and more agile 599 fiorano is also comfortable enough to use as a daily driver. the challenge put to the engineering team on the ferrari 599 gtb fiorano was lofty: surpass the performance of the legendary ferrari f40 while simultaneously providing the refined, daily driver livability of the outgoing 575m maranello. getting a man to the moon might have been an easier task. somehow, ferrari has been able to pull it off. as with the 575, the new 599 gtb fiorano has a v12 engine positioned ahead of the passenger compartment. with styling penned by pininfarina, the 599 resembles the 612 scaglietti in front but then goes its own way with its rising haunches, flying-buttress roof pillars and assortment of air intakes and extractors. underneath, the 599 shares the new architecture that ferrari uses on the 612 scaglietti, meaning light yet strong all-aluminum space frame construction. extra effort went into weight optimization, with the 599's mass being centralized for better handling responsiveness. considering that there's 612 horsepower propelling a relatively svelte ,722 pounds, the weight to power ratio of the 599 gtb stands at .pounds per hp. that's a stunning number that soundly bests that of street legal, but cramped and thinly disguised racecars such as the lotus exige. ferrari claims a .-second --mph 100 km h time and, without the need for a gaudy rear wing or blocky front airdam, a top speed in excess of 200 mph. a sophisticated suspension features magnetic dampers that firm up in milliseconds in response to aggressive cornering, yet soften up for relaxed interstate cruising, allowing the 599 gtb to serve up both thrills and comfort when needed. of course, none of this comes cheap. ferrari's asking 200k more than the 599 or even the 599's sibling, the 612 scaglietti which offers four-seat practicality . but the latter consideration hardly comes into play for shoppers in this segment. ferrari f40 performance from a comfortable v12-powered gt? we know where we'd be spending our lottery winnings. body styles, trim levels, and options the ferrari 599 gtb fiorano comes solely as a two-seat coupe in one trim level. standard equipment includes xenon headlights, -inch front and -inch rear wheels wearing 245 front and 305 rear performance tires, an adaptive suspension system, automatic dual-zone climate control, power front seats, a power-adjustable steering wheel and a bose audio system with a trunk-mounted six-disc cd changer. optional features include front rear park assist, heated front seats, carbon-fiber interior accents, a space-saver spare tire kit, run-flat tires, carbon ceramic racing brakes and a six-piece fitted leather luggage set. those seeking further distinction may request special interior and exterior colors. powertrains and performance a .-liter v12 that produces 612 horsepower and 448 pound-feet of torque powers the 599 fiorano. that prodigious output is sent to the rear tires via either a traditional six-speed manual transmission or a six-speed "f1" transmission. the f1 is a manual transmission with an automated clutch. drivers can choose a fully automatic shifting mode or manually select gears via steering-wheel-mounted paddles. ferrari claims the 599 fiorano is capable of hitting mph in less than .seconds and running up to a top speed of around 205 mph. antilock disc brakes, stability control and traction control are standard. side- and side-curtain airbags are not available, as ferrari claims that the 599 provides excellent protection without needing them. interior design and special features unlike ultra-performance cars of old, the ferrari 599 gtb fiorano offers much more than a sparsely finished cockpit with a minimum of luxury features. the well-shaped seats are finished in premium hides, while aluminum accents enrich the ambience. buyers can even choose a carbon-fiber steering wheel with integrated leds that move in lockstep with engine revs. drivers can adjust the car's many interactive systems such as stability control, suspension settings and f1-gearbox response via a knob on the steering wheel called the "manettino" -- italian for little manager. in addition to the expected pin-you-to-the-seat thrills, the 599 gtb provides a soundtrack that should please hard-core enthusiasts. the unmistakable shriek of the v12 under hard acceleration changes to a guttural hum at part throttle and nearly disappears at high cruising speeds where wind noise is the only indication of pace. the f1 gearbox provides "blink of an eye" changes that no human could hope to match. the 599 gtb remains so flat while cornering and so glued to the road that all the usual indicators body roll, tire squeal, sliding of a car approaching or exceeding its limits are virtually erased. the only method to determine the traction envelope is by gauging neck muscle strain under hard braking and cornering. but despite its track star handling, the 599's steering leaves a bit to be desired -- it's too light at ultra-high speeds, where more heft is reassuring. the ratio also seems a touch slow for an exotic sports car, as tight cornering requires more hand movement than we'd expect. the semi-active suspension works miracles on nearly any surface, swallowing bumps without drama and imparting a feel of being planted to the road at all times. the adjustable stability control has a "race" setting that we feel should allow a little more leeway for an advanced driver, though most buyers will never approach those limits that we probed on ferrari's test track during our experience with the ferrari 599 gtb.
__label__non_math	1.0000	latest news: tuesday, a new thrilling two-part drama, restless is set to hit our screens over christmas. don t mention christmas day cooking to hayley atwell, it will remind her of last year s disaster when she was head chef for her family. i really got into gingerbread houses and my christmas day showpiece was a rather ambitious attempt at a two-foot high one, recalls the -year-old. it collapsed before the big day so we ate a crumbling ruin. there were a few frustrated tears about that it s been a busy year for the actress, who has filmed an episode of charlie brooker s returning black mirror, a series called life of crime about the police force, and a biopic about jimi hendrix in which she plays his hell-raising girlfriend . all are out next year. but we can see her sooner than that in period spy thriller restless, an adaptation of the william boyd novel of the same name. she plays eva delectorskaya, a beautiful russian emigrant to britain who gets scouted for the secret service by spy boss lucas romer played by rufus sewell after she discovers her brother was killed by the german secret service. at the start of the story she s plucked from a very vulnerable situation of losing someone close to her and is offered the opportunity to have a different kind of life. it s new, exciting and scary, atwell says. eva soon becomes professionally and romantically involved with lucas but, when a spy mission in the us goes horribly wrong, she has to go underground and on the run. the character fascinated atwell immediately. she goes on a huge journey. as a spy she lives double, sometimes triple lives and the movie touches upon the personal sacrifices she has to make for her survival. she is restless, always on the move, watching her back and thinking before she speaks. she can t even trust the man she loves. she is essentially completely alone and has to bravely trust her own instincts. boyd, who adapted the book for screen himself, had a hand in casting atwell as his eva after they met on the set of his other adaptation, the bafta-winning any human heart. i had spent time with william boyd and his wife on set and perhaps out of that relationship he thought of me for restless, atwell explains. it did feel that i was his first choice for eva but of course, it had to go through the producers and director who ultimately made that decision. atwell, who says she s shied away from sexy siren roles because of the direction they might steer her career into, is proud to play eva, who she thinks is an incredibly strong woman. she is a fighter but deeply emotional so i had to retain her emotional core as she transforms herself from one identity to another. i loved that her beauty is secondary to her skill and ability, she says. restless is on bbc one on thursday december and friday, december at . clematis armandii is a great favourite of mine but, it has its drawbacks. first of all, it is not the hardiest member of its tribe, and being evergreen, once its foliage becomes frost damaged this becomes a permanent feature.
__label__non_math	0.9961	rainy day painting create your very own creepy, haunted castle sitting in a turbulent field of flowing grass, eerily surrounded by dark, ominous clouds. fireworks are such an exciting part of part of summer festivities, but it's sad when the show is over. keep them alive all year long with watercolor fireworks. show your high schooler how to celebrate mary cassatt, an impressionist painter, by creating a mother-child painting in her style. put your individual fingerprint on the 100th day of school literally show your preschooler how to make a print of a butterfly using her hand as a tool--a great way to stimulate her sense of touch. use marbles and paint to explore the wild world of shapes and color...and build kindergarten writing strength, too. introduce your kindergartener to some art history by showing him how to create an everyday object print, andy warhol-style. celebrate the changing seasons with this fun, hands-on art activity that will teach your child about the different colors of the seasons. help your preschooler begin reading and writing the printed word by connecting simple letter recognition exercises with this easy art project: alphabet trees
__label__non_math	1.0000	help for homesick campers - help for homesick campers - parenting solutions: homesick - sending your child with special needs to camp - woods and camping safety for the whole family - camps for kids with special needs - diy camping: ways to bring summer camp home homesickness can overshadow the joys of a child's summer camp experience, but support from camp counselors and parents can help children cope with this problem. to help a homesick child, parents must be sympathetic and at the same time set limits. in the long run, working through homesickness can better equip children to cope with future separations and adjustments to new situations. why children get homesick homesickness is often caused by anxiety over separation from parents. although the problem is most common among first-time campers, especially those attending sleep-away camps, even experienced campers can be affected. what parents can do: - keep connections to home. a child can be reassured through letters, or "care" packages of books, baseball cards or other treats from home. a teddy bear, toy or other special item from home can be of particular comfort to a younger child. it is not advisable to send a beloved toy since the child could be upset if it was lost or broken. some camps have the capability to stay connected via e-mail. parents should be careful about having these virtual "calls" and "visits" interfere with adjustment. - make the separation gradual. slowly getting the child used to being away is generally helpful for homesickness. if possible, parents should telephone the child daily at the same time for a few days, gradually reducing the frequency and length of calls. during the call, parents can acknowledge their child's fears, but also reinforce their pride in the child's being in camp and his or her achievement in activities. parents should also keep in mind that one or two dramatic letters or calls indicating homesickness may be an exaggeration and a natural part of the adjustment. being patient is often the solution. the child who hated camp the first week may be the same child who begs to go back next summer. - monitor their own separation difficulties. parents should be sensitive to their own anxiety about the separation. children easily can pick up a parent's worry and feel unsure about going off on their own. - enlist the help of siblings. if older siblings are attending the same camp, parents can make arrangements for visual contact and a few minutes for the children to talk each day. this helps reassure the homesick child but does not cast the older child as a caretaker -- a situation that can cause resentment. - work with camp staff. camp counselors can have an important role in the adjustment process. they can ease the adjustment by preventing teasing and by encouraging a child to participate in activities. if a child is having extreme difficulty, parents should be sure there is no objective reason for the child's unhappiness such as scapegoating by other children or counselors, or a bad experience with an activity. - take the child home. in some circumstances the camp and camper are a bad fit and the child needs to return home. structuring the remaining time at home is key to keeping the child productive and minimizing any blows to his self-esteem. rather than portray the situation as a defeat, it can be discussed as a challenging experience that was worth exploring. talking specifically about what worked or did not work can be beneficial for helping the child handle future camp-like experiences. parents should also be sensitive to any emerging anxiety issues that may warrant further evaluation . add your own comment - kindergarten sight words list - the five warning signs of asperger's syndrome - what makes a school effective? - child development theories - why is play important? social and emotional development, physical development, creative development - fun activities for children with autism - test problems: seven reasons why standardized tests are not working - bullying in schools - a teacher's guide to differentiating instruction - steps in the iep process
__label__non_math	0.8907	educational software thread, looking for freeware to open a .dwg file in technical; i'm looking for a freeware programme to open a file with a dwg extension? ms search suggests autodesk or autocad.... 29th january , looking for freeware to open a .dwg file i'm looking for a freeware programme to open a file with a dwg extension? ms search suggests autodesk or autocad. idg tech news 29th january , - rep power the autodesk dwf viewer is free for viewing autodesk drawings. you can dl the installer here. autodesk dwf community : products : autodesk dwf viewer 6th may , - rep power a more robust viewer autodesk also offers a more robust viewer which is called inventor view. this is a much larger program, around 256 mb, i had to find it through the forums since i didn't find what i wanted through google. hope this helps. last edited by ryngillis; 6th may at . reason: included link 6th may , is this what you were looking for? autodesk - autodesk inventor view 7th may , by sweeneyd in forum how do you do....it? last post: 3rd december , by jjonas in forum windows last post: 19th june , by ictguy in forum how do you do....it? last post: 4th june , by faza in forum general chat last post: 30th september , by roland in forum general chat last post: 21st september , users browsing this thread there are currently users browsing this thread. members and guests
__label__non_math	0.9373	twenty ideas for engaging projectsseptember , the start of the school year offers an ideal time to introduce students to project-based learning. by starting with engaging projects, you'll grab their interest while establishing a solid foundation of important skills, such as knowing how to conduct research, engage experts, and collaborate with peers. in honor of edutopia's 20th anniversary, here are project ideas to get learning off to a good start. . flat stanley refresh: flat stanley literacy projects are perennial favorites for inspiring students to communicate and connect, often across great distances. now flat stanley has his own apps for iphone and ipad, along with new online resources. project founder dale hubert is recently retired from the classroom, but he's still generating fresh ideas to bring learning alive in the "flatlands." . pbl is no accident: in west virginia, project-based learning has been adopted as a statewide strategy for improving teaching and learning. teachers don't have to look far to find good project ideas. in this cnn story about the state's educational approach, read about a project that grew out of a fender-bender in a school parking lot. when students were asked to come up with a better design for the lot, they applied their understanding of geometry, civics, law, engineering, and public speaking. find more good ideas in west virginia's teach21 project library. . defy gravity: give your students a chance to investigate what happens near zero gravity by challenging them to design an experiment for nasa to conduct at its .second drop tower in brookpark, ohio. separate nasa programs are offered for middle school and high school. or, propose a project that may land you a seat on the ultimate roller coaster aka: the "vomit comet" , nasa aircraft that produces periods of micro and hyper gravity ranging from to g's. proposal deadline is sept. , and flight week takes place in february . . connect across disciplines: when students design and build kinetic sculptures, they expand their understanding of art, history, engineering, language arts, and technology. get some interdisciplinary project insights from the edutopia video, kinetic conundrum. click on the accompanying links for more tips about how you can do it, too. . honor home languages: english language learners can feel pressured to master english fast, with class time spent correcting errors instead of using language in meaningful ways. digital is, a site published by the national writing project, shares plans for three projects that take time to honor students' home languages and cultures, engaging them in critical thinking, collaboration, and use of digital tools. anne herrington and charlie moran curate the project collection, "english language learners, digital tools, and authentic audiences." . rethink lunch: make lunch into a learning opportunity with a project that gets students thinking more critically about their mid-day meal. center for ecoliteracy offers materials to help you start, including informative including informative essays and downloadable planning guides. get more ideas from this video about a middle-school nutrition project, "a healthy school lunch." . take a learning expedition: expeditionary learning schools take students on authentic learning expeditions, often in neighborhoods close to home. check out the gallery for project ideas about everything from the tools people use in their work to memories of the civil rights movement. . find a pal: if pbl is new to you, consider joining an existing project. you'll benefit from a veteran colleague's insights, and your students will get a chance to collaborate with classmates from other communities or even other countries. get connected at epals, a global learning community for educators from more than 200 countries. . get minds inquiring: what's under foot? what are things made of? science projects that emphasize inquiry help students make sense of their world and build a solid foundation for future understanding. the inquiry project supports teachers in third to fifth grades as they guide students in hands-on investigations about matter. students develop the habits of scientists as they make observations, offer predictions, and gather evidence. companion videos show how scientists use the same methods to explore the world. connect inquiry activities to longer-term projects, such as creating a classroom museum that showcases students' investigations. . learn through service: when cases of the west nile virus were reported in their area, minnesota students sprang into action with a project that focused on preventing the disease through public education. their project demonstrates what can happen when service-learning principles are built into pbl. find more ideas for service-learning projects from the national youth leadership council. . locate experts: when students are learning through authentic projects, they often need to connect with experts from the world outside the classroom. find the knowledgeable experts you need for stem projects through the national lab network. it's an online network where k-educators can locate experts from the fields of science, technology, engineering and mathematics. . build empathy: projects that help students see the world from another person's perspective build empathy along with academic outcomes. the edutopia video, "give me shelter", shows what compassionate learning looks like in action. click on the companion links for more suggestions about how you can do it, too. . investigate climate science: take students on an investigation of climate science by joining the newest collaborative project hosted by globe, global learning and observations to benefit the environment. the student climate research campaign includes three components: introductory activities to build a foundation of understanding, intensive observing periods when students around the world gather and report data, and research investigations that students design and conduct. climate project kicks off sept. . . problem-solvers unite: math fairs take mathematics out of the classroom and into the community, where everyone gets a chance to try their hand at problem solving. galileo educational network explains how to host a math fair. in a nutshell, students set up displays of their math problems but not the solutions. then they entice their parents and invited guests to work on solutions. make the event even more engaging by inviting mathematicians to respond to students' problems. . harvest pennies : can small things really add up to big results? it seems so, based on results of the penny harvest. since the project started in new york in , young philanthropists nationwide have raised and donated more than million to charitable causes, all through penny drives. the project website explains how to organize students in philanthropy roundtables to study community issues and decide which causes they want to support. . gather stories: instead of teaching history from textbooks, put students in the role of historian and help them make sense of the past. learn more about how to plan oral history projects in the edutopia story, "living legends." teach students about the value of listening by having them gather stories for storycorps. . angry bird physics: here's a driving question to kickstart a science project: "what are the laws of physics in angry birds world?" read how physics teachers like frank noschese and john burk are using the web version of the popular mobile game in their classrooms. . place-based projects: make local heritage, landscapes, and culture the jumping-off point for compelling projects. that's the idea behind place-based education, which encourages students to look closely at their communities. often, they wind up making significant contributions to their communities, as seen in the city of stories project. . news they can use: students don't have to wait until they're grown-ups to start publishing. student newspapers, radio stations, and other journalism projects give them real-life experiences now. award-winning journalism teacher esther wojcicki outlines the benefits this post on the new york times learning network. get more ideas about digital-age citizen journalism projects at mediashift idea lab. . the heroes they know: to get acquainted with students at the start of the year and also introduce students to pbl processes, high tech high teacher diana sanchez asked students to create a visual and textual representation of a hero in their own life. their black-and-white exhibits were a source of pride to students, as sanchez explains in her project reflection . get more ideas from the project gallery at high tech high, a network of schools in san diego county that emphasize pbl. to learn more, watch this edutopia video interview with high tech high founding principal larry rosenstock. please tell us about the projects you are planning for this school year. questions about pbl? draw on the wisdom of your colleagues by starting discussions or asking for help in the pbl community.
__label__non_math	0.9471	eea standard re-use policy: unless otherwise indicated, re-use of content on the eea website for commercial or non-commercial purposes is permitted free of charge, provided that the source is acknowledged this way you can cut your water consumption by a third more green tips
__label__non_math	0.9605	nutrition has a big impact on health, including major diseases such as heart disease, osteoporosis, and cancer. our work is designed to help people keep track of the nutrional content of foods they have eaten. our work uses shopping receipts to generate suggestions about healthier food items that could help to supplement missing nutrients. our application, based on shopping receipt data, provides access to ambiguous suggestions for more nutritious purchases. our goal is to contribute a better understanding of how a sensor-based application can be integrated in everyday life. to do this, we chose an approach that can easily be replicated for many users, deployed, and tested for months at a time. we are currently in the process of conducting a diary study that can provide data on which we can train our prediction algorithms. we conducted a formative user study that suggested that receipts may provide enough information to extend our work by also estimating what people are actually eating, as opposed to simply what they are purchasing. we are also interviewing and observing people's shopping and food managing habits to further inform the system design.
__label__non_math	1.0000	ee times.com members enjoy these benefits: - premium content: focused on news, reviews, case studies, analytics and research in the electronics industry. - member-only community: join thousands of your peers in our member-only community where you can participate in forums, blogs, share ideas - join the industry conversation. - education training: online training and education through our courses, technical papers, virtual events, and webinars. - workflow tools: use productivity tools to create and manage projects, deliverables, plans and benchmarks. - technical papers, case studies, video and more: download and upload technical papers, case studies, videos and more. - exclusive industry reports and research: exclusive access to a collection of editorial content and research documents. - industry newsletters: stay current with our daily and weekly e-mail newsletters. - products search: a complete resource to research, compare, source and purchase parts. you've been busy log-in or register for a free account to get unlimited articles and full access to ee
__label__non_math	0.9923	millbrae, calif., prnewswire -- stem, a leader in energy optimization combining cloud analytics and intelligent energy storage to reduce commercial electricity costs, today announced its first customer deployment at two intercontinental hotels in san francisco: the intercontinental mark hopkins in nob hill, and the intercontinental san francisco in soma. stem's solution leverages the company's proprietary combination of big data, predictive analytics and energy storage to effectively "hybridize" the hotels by intelligently switching between battery power and grid power to reduce energy costs. stem's energy optimization service provides energy savings without requiring any change in customer behavior or operations. no other energy service platform exists that integrates sophisticated predictive modeling with cutting-edge energy storage to provide a comprehensive turnkey system. the stem solution offers a truly automatic, real-time decision making engine that dynamically stores energy from the electricity grid and discharges energy into business operations to create maximum energy savings for customers. the technology demonstration systems are powered by stem's cloud-software and advanced power electronics working together to operate coda energy's lithium-ion battery core. the core is the same battery chemistry and technology used in coda's all-electric vehicles. "at the intercontinental mark hopkins and intercontinental san francisco, we have already benefitted from traditional energy conservation and efficiency measures, and are excited about stem's ability to deliver even smarter energy use without compromising the comfort of our guests," said harry hobbs, area director of engineering for both intercontinental mark hopkins and intercontinental san francisco. "stem's technology is a great fit because it goes beyond energy efficiency to look for other ways to reduce our electricity bills, delivering immediate bottom-line value while at the same time reducing our carbon footprint." stem's system runs on large amounts of data, including historical weather information and industry vertical usage patterns. customers like hobbs benefit from stem's rich data and unparalleled insights into past, present, and future energy use that can be used to guide critical real-time operational decisions. "the intercontinental, a truly globally recognized brand, is an ideal customer to deploy our technology," said salim khan, ceo of stem. "world-class luxury hotels have specific requirements around the comfort expected by guests in their buildings. we are pleased that stem is able to provide the energy insight and optimization they need without affecting the first-class guest experience." "we are delighted to have the intercontinental hotels of san francisco as our first installed customer and we look forward to a great relationship with the intercontinental for years to come," said brian thompson, founder of stem. stem, a leading provider of energy optimization services, combines big data, predictive analytics and energy storage to reduce electricity costs for businesses. the company's solution requires no compromises on building occupant comfort and offers unparalleled energy insights, allowing a comprehensive view into past, present and future energy use. as demands on the grid continue to increase, stem's system enables good energy citizenship and unlocks the potential for expanded renewable energy integration. headquartered in millbrae, california, stem is funded by leading investors angeleno group and greener capital. for more information, please visit about intercontinental mark hopkins located on the top of prestigious nob hill at the intersection of california and mason streets, the intercontinental mark hopkins, a historic landmark, is a regular stop on the california street cable car line. just minutes away from the financial and theatre districts as well as union square and chinatown, this four-star, four-diamond hotel is also home to the top of the mark, the world-renowned 19th floor sky lounge that offers panoramic views of the san francisco bay area. for more information and to make reservations, contact the mark hopkins, number one nob hill, san francisco, calif. , at 415.392. or 800.nob hill 662- , or by visiting about intercontinental san francisco the intercontinental san francisco opened in february at howard and 5th streets next to moscone west convention center. the hotel towers stories above the heart of the city and features 550 rooms, suites, ,000 sq. ft. of flexible meeting space with natural light, a ten-room treatment spa, full-service fitness center, and an indoor pool. for more information and to make reservations, contact the intercontinental san francisco, 888 howard street, san francisco, calif. , at 415.616. or 888.811. or by visiting about coda energy headquartered in los angeles, coda energy manufactures energy storage systems ess based on coda's proven battery, battery-management technologies and scalable system architecture. coda energy's products feature a modular design that provides reliable, safe, cost-effective solutions for a wide range of energy and power needs including peak shaving, load leveling, renewable energy integration, frequency regulation, voltage support and t d upgrade deferral. its parent company, coda holdings, and its other business lines coda automotive and coda ev propulsion systems develop cost-effective clean technology products that contribute to a smarter grid and reduce not only our global dependence on fossil fuels but also the social, economic and environmental challenges that follow. for more information, visit
__label__math	0.9635	159. carex merritt-fernaldii mackenzie, bull. torrey bot. club. : 370. . carex de fernald carex brevior dewey mackenzie ex lunell var. pseudofestucacea farwell plants densely cespitose; rhizomes appearing elongate only in old clumps. culms 100 cm; vegetative culms few, inconspicuous, with fewer than leaves, not strikingly -ranked. leaves: sheaths adaxially white-hyaline, summits u-shaped to truncate, sometimes prolonged mm beyond collar, not puckered, finely papillose; distal ligules . .mm; blades per fertile culm, cm . mm. inflorescences compact to open, occasionally elongate and arching or nodding, reddish brown or straw colored, . cm mm; proximal internode mm; 2d internode mm; proximal bracts scalelike with bristle tips shorter than inflorescences. spikes , distinct, ovoid, mm, base rounded, apex rounded or nearly acute. pistillate scales light yellow-brown with paler midvein, lance-subulate or lanceolate, occasionally broadly lanceolate, . . . . mm, . .mm shorter than perignyium beaks, narrower than perigynia, margins white-hyaline, . .mm wide, apex acute. anthers . .mm. perigynia in larger spikes, ascending, light green to straw colored, conspicuously -veined abaxially, veinless or faintly -veined adaxially, broadly ovate to ovate-orbiculate, plano-convex, . . .mm, . .mm thick, irregular, margin flat, including wing . .mm wide, with veins in yellowish wing, smooth; beak red-brown at tip, flat, . . . mm, ciliate-serrulate, abaxial suture conspicuous, distance from beak tip to achene . .mm. achenes ovate or orbiculate, . . . .mm, . .mm thick. . fruiting early mid summer. dry sands, gravels, rocky places, meadows, roadsides, on acidic substrates; 600 m; man., n.b., ont., que.; conn., maine, mass., mich., minn., n.h., n.y., ohio, vt., wis.
__label__math	0.5908	. chorizanthe orcuttiana parry, proc. davenport acad. nat. sci. : . . plants prostrate, .-. .- -. dm, villous. leaves basal; petiole -cm; blade narrowly oblanceolate, .-. .-. -. cm, thinly pubescent. inflorescences with involucres in small clusters .-cm diam., greenish; bracts , sessile, unequal, laminar and oblance-olate, .-cm -mm, awnless, this opposite linear, acicular, greatly reduced, .-.cm .-.mm bract terminated by short, straight awn .-mm. involucres , greenish, campanulate, -ribbed, .-mm, faintly corrugate, pubescent; teeth , equal, .-mm; awns uncinate, .-mm. flowers , included to slightly exserted; perianth yellow, cylindric, .-.mm, densely pubescent abaxially; tepals connate ca. their length, mono-morphic, narrowly oblanceolate, obtuse to truncate, entire apically, slightly spreading; stamens , slightly exserted; filaments distinct, .-.mm, glabrous; anthers reddish, ovate, .-.mm. achenes dark brown, lenticular, -.mm. , , . flowering mar-may. sandy soil, mesas and hills near coast, coastal scrub communities; of conservation concern; -200 m; calif. chorizanthe orcuttiana is known from a few populations on coastal mesas and hills near san diego, san diego county. it is federally listed as endangered. the species is an octoploid that may well have resulted from an ancient hybridization and doubling of chromosomes involving c. procumbens and c. polygonoides var. longispina. the orcutt spineflower grows in soft, white sand; c. procumbens and c. polygonoides var. longispina are restricted to gravelly sites.
__label__non_math	0.9916	description from flora of china lianas large, herbaceous or woody. inflorescences extra-axillary, umbel-like or short racemelike, occasionally branched, shorter than leaves, usually few flowered. flowers large. calyx without glands. corolla subrotate; lobes overlapping to right. corona shallowly cupular, inserted at base of gynostegium, fleshy, apex entire or shallowly undulate. filaments connate; anthers very large, decurrent to base of column, apex acuminate; pollinia per pollinarium, slender, falcate, pendulous. stigma head scarcely umbonate. follicles stout, cylindric-fusiform, slightly tapering to a blunt apex. two species: china, india, myanmar, sri lanka, thailand; one species in china.
__label__non_math	0.9971	j. leblanc oils are of the highest quality, small-batch, handcrafted oils in the world. for those of you who know us, the bold distinctive flavours of the oils are just the right addition to any of the recipes we present. we have always been proponents of using the very best, most flavourful oil and j. leblanc has the oils with the difference you can taste not only in freshness, but also in flavour. this family-owned company located in a southern village in burgundy is relatively unchanged since it was founded in . the grandson of the founder leblanc-jean-charles runs the company. the process starts with the selection of the highest-quality whole nuts. these are ground to a paste using the original granite mill. the end results are seasoning oils used to finish dishes adding layers of complexity to the taste and texture of your culinary creations. comes as a 1lt bottle. prestige terrine of duck foie gras is made from the highest quality duck foie gras accompanied by the finest madagascan baies rouges, green pepper, spices and sel de guerande. so good we'll give you your 'money back' if you can 'genuinely' complain about it this foie gras product comes prepared and deveined. it has been flash frozen immediately after the prep stage before being heat sliced into perfectly formed slices of foie gras. the individual portions of foie gras can be cooked from frozen straight to the pan with very little reduction. the finest beluga caviar that money can buy, available to you from efoodies. beluga eggs are the largest in size with opalescent, grey-blue tints and a delightfully delicate skin that pops on the roof of your mouth with a truly 'palate- tickling' creamy after taste.
__label__non_math	0.9967	l using vaccination to control diseases l figure . cumulative mortality before and after adding live e. coli vaccine to a pullet review of flock records and structured post mortem surveys will serve as reliable indi- cators of the success of vaccination and concurrent prevention strategies. are higher than standard for the age of the flock through to depletion. antibiotic therapy only provides short-term relief and is generally contraindicated. vaccination two options are avail- able to protect flocks against apec. killed autogenous vaccines have been available for several years. these products are expensive and must be injected once or twice during rearing. autog- enous vaccines have been helpful in reducing mortality in conjunction with other control measures such as an effective infectious bronchitis vaccination program and adequate ventilation. a modified live e. coli vaccine has been available for the past two years. two applications by coarse spray are usually sufficient to significantly lower or eliminate mortality due to peritonitis. field data confirms the positive benefit of protecting flocks using the monitoring there is currently no serological test for e. coli. outbreaks of peritonitis may easily account for over half of all flock mortality. review of flock records and structured post mortem surveys will serve as reliable indicators of the success of vaccination and concurrent prevention strategies. figure shows results achieved in one complex after implementing a live e. coli vaccination program. ei -oba is the world leading manufacturer of egg grading and packing equipment -oba has an excellent reputation to live up to when it comes to inventive solutions for making egg grading and packing faster and more ef cient
__label__non_math	1.0000	posted on at your boy, wei shen will return this october with a selection of mission packs and upgrades with extend the gameplay of this great open world game from square enix. content packs scheduled are: - adrenaline-fuelled street racing across the island of hong kong in the street racer pack - twenty new cop missions unfold on the streets of hong kong via the swat pack - the tactical soldier pack empowers players with the game s most powerful weapon and armor - the community gift pack free, tailor-made content from united front games - sleeping dogs first story-driven game extension: details to be revealed at a special panel at new york comic con panel on october more details to come in the upcoming week s. so subscribe so you can get all the details and prices as soon as the info becomes available. are you ready for more sleeping dogs? until then visit to track your in-game progress, stats, and see how you stack up against other sleeping dog gamers. today's top stories website interface egm digital media, llc.
__label__non_math	0.7611	i hear it too all the time. it comes on and then stops. i don't understand the intermittent nature of the qrm. i'm interested in hearing the answers to randy's questions. i don't have "the answers" but if it's anything like the woodpecker then they are doing some kind of frequency hopping. may be in ham rtty band for minutes but then later it's somewhere else probably clear of any ham band. the woodpecker was clearly operating in pulse mode and i know big tubes can have pulse ratings but i wonder if this new wideband-continuous mode is thermally limited at the source. just think if we had a qro amp with this kind of rating :- more often than this noise, i am bothered by some sort of ale noise in the rtty bands. i don't think that's radar, i think that's other hams, probably using some form of unattended equipment. the ale can be semi wideband khz but not tens of khz. in the cq ww cw contest, some really irritating and strong digital mode came up unattended while i was trying to run on 15m. it sounded just a little broader than a pure carrier, not the tens of khz nor even the width i associate with ale.
__label__non_math	0.9970	the food we intake are digested to sugar and are used for the system functioning .the sugar products are burned out through exercise. if your activities are low they get accumulated in the body as fat and results in overweight or even obesity. dietrine carb blocker with phase a complete herbal and nutritional supplement reduce the conversion of carbohydrates to glucose and thereby reduce the accumulation of sugar in the body. the supplement allows the passage of carbohydrates through fewer calories. this helps in loss of weight without taking strict diet. dietrine carb blocker helps to lose weight, decrease carbohydrate absorption, contain no harmful chemicals or stimulants and are ephedra free. grab your free bottle offer now after taking you weight loss supplement for few weeks i could really find the difference in my body. it helped me to burn out the excess fat accumulate and get a better body and in shape. nancy, ny how to cut off your weight effectively? if you intake more of carbonated and fried items, it might result in over weight. you can get slim and beautiful structure after employing certain home remedies. prepare a strict food regime. try to follow this regime for healthy and slim body. incorporate more of fruits and vegetables in your diet. vegetables and fruits not only help in reducing your weight but also make you look younger and beautiful. exercise regularly to loose weight. this not only helps in reducing your weight but also makes you healthy. exercise keeps a lot of diseases away from you. always try to walk and run when ever possible. these are the simplest exercise that you can follow to reduce your weight. avoid drinking beverages like alcohol, tea, coffee etc. the safest and most secure thing to drink is pure water. green tea is also is a good drink which helps in reducing your weight. sleep for hours regularly to get ample rest. recent research has shown that good sleep helps in reducing your weight. but if it is excess it will result in over weight also. stress and strain are the other factor that hinders the chance of weight loss. try to keep away from stress and strain. herbal products are also highly effective in cutting down your weight. they help in reducing your weight effectively. they will not cause any after effects. these are made from the natural herbs which are highly effective in reducing your weight.
__label__non_math	0.6935	posts tagged substance abuse these kind of prescription medication is seen to have specific attributes which make men and women hooked on these kind of treatments in case continuing regarding time and effort interval. those people who are hooked on health professional prescribed substance abuse present quite a lot of signs and symptoms for example elevated ability to tolerate medications, in which somebody has to raise the medication dosage as a way to glance at the very same outcomes. results of substance abuse are usually dreadful while those people who are hooked on prescribed abusing drugs undergoes excessive ache. large dosage of medication permits the actual human system to obtain additional employed to a certain medicine considering that the physique offers figured out to adjust to the existence of a certain substance. signs and symptoms such as disposition swing action, lack of control as well as despression symptoms are the connection between abusing drugs. health professional prescribed abusing drugs can do interfering with the traditional working of an human physique plus it occasionally can bring about dying when the necessary interest is just not provided. overdose involving treatments similar to paracetamol centered pain relievers are generally extremely dangerous to be able to health insurance are designed for creating extreme harm to hard working liver, a necessary intestinal wood. one of several signs and symptoms of substance abuse is always that whenever a particular person influenced just cannot quit taking these. today, several online druggist have got began marketing drugs such as individuals with habit forming attributes. the particular pharmacies typically market medications to be able to individuals without medications. health professional prescribed abusing drugs is actually raising because individuals are receiving hooked on particular sort of medicines. pharmacy technicians along with physicians should be aware of the possibility conditions tend to be connected with extend utilization of particular remedies. physicians should try and decrease the ingestion of such medications as an alternative to halting everything of your quick.
__label__non_math	0.9969	spanish national player, bego a fernandez, believes that itxako were equal to oltchim. itxako ready for top level itxako started their champions league season with a good performance. however, it was not enough to beat oltchim at home, but they played a very close game. the team from estella were exposed to a very high level. they feel that it is possible to catch up with the opponents. spanish national player, bego a fernandez, was optimistic after the first round. eurohandball.com: how do you feel after the first game in the champions league? bego a fernandez: i m sad because we lost the game. however, we have shown that we are at a very high level and we can face any rival in the competition. we have a very good team and last season we have beaten brasov, a very similar team to oltchim. then we played in a better form and now it is still the beginning of the season. it was hard for us. eurohandball.com: do you think your performance can still be better? bego a fernandez: of course and we have to keep on working to improve. we have to fight for our objectives and try to do better every day. eurohandball.com: do you think oltchim took advantage of your mistakes? bego a fernandez: i think it was key to the game. we spoke about it at halftime. we had our chances to win the match, but they have more experience in this competition and it is very important at the decisive moments. we probably felt the pressure in the last minutes. eurohandball.com: two great pivots were facing each other, stanca and you. what do you think about her? bego a fernandez: she is a great player, in my opinion one of the best pivots of europe. comparing me to stanca is not important now. i m very sad for the defeat because we could even have won the game and the result was not just. oltchim are great team, but we made many mistakes ourselves. text: fernando urra goni
__label__non_math	0.9805	u.s. energy information administration - eia - independent statistics and analysis today in energy the strait of hormuz shown in the oval on the map , which is located between oman and iran, connects the persian gulf with the gulf of oman and the arabian sea. hormuz is the world's most important oil chokepoint due to its daily oil flow of almost million barrels per day bbl d in , up from between .-.million bbl d in . flows through the strait in were roughly of all seaborne traded oil, or almost of oil traded worldwide. on average, crude oil tankers per day passed through the strait in , with a corresponding amount of empty tankers entering to pick up new cargos. more than of these crude oil exports went to asian markets, with japan, india, south korea, and china representing the largest destinations. at its narrowest point, the strait is miles wide, but the width of the shipping lane in either direction is only two miles, separated by a two-mile buffer zone. the strait is deep and wide enough to handle the world's largest crude oil tankers, with about two-thirds of oil shipments carried by tankers in excess of 150,000 deadweight tons. several alternatives are potentially available to move oil from the persian gulf region without transiting hormuz, but they are limited in capacity, in many cases are not currently operating or operable, and generally engender higher transport costs and logistical challenges. - alternate routes include the 745-mile petroline, also known as the east-west pipeline, across saudi arabia from abqaiq to the red sea. the east-west pipeline has a nameplate capacity of about million bbl d, with current movements estimated at about million bbl d. - the abqaiq-yanbu natural gas liquids pipeline, which runs parallel to the petroline to the red sea, has a 290,000-bbl d capacity. - additional oil could also be pumped north via the iraq-turkey pipeline to the port of ceyhan on the mediterranean sea, but volumes have been limited by the closure of the strategic pipeline linking north and south iraq. - the united arab emirates is also completing the .million bbl d abu dhabi crude oil pipeline that will cross the emirate of abu dhabi and end at the port of fujairah just south of the strait. - other alternate routes could include the deactivated .-million bbl d iraqi pipeline across saudi arabia ipsa and the deactivated .million-bbl d tapline to lebanon. eia's world oil transit chokepoints analysis brief contains additional information about other chokepoints, and the middle east north africa overview contains additional information about countries in the region.
__label__non_math	1.0000	home blessing tzedakah box. each piece is hand cut and assembled, fired and slumped in our studio. no two are exactly alike. signed by artist. each of these handmade items are made special to order for you
__label__non_math	1.0000	our customer service team provides personalized service via phone and email. we can help you with all of your wardrobing from within the us and canada, toll free: .866.512. from the uk, toll free: from other countries, .866.512.; long distance charges may apply. associates are available monday to friday from - est and saturday from - est, excluding us holidays.
__label__non_math	1.0000	skip to main content more search options a member of our team will call you back within one business day. this exercise is designed to stretch and strengthen your feet and ankles. before beginning the exercise, read through all the instructions. while exercising, breathe normally and don t bounce. if you feel any pain, stop the exercise. if pain persists, inform your healthcare provider. stand, using a sturdy counter for balance only. lift your left foot and stand with your weight on the other foot. rise up on your toes, then lower back onto your heel. repeat times. do sets a day.
__label__non_math	0.9974	skip to main content more search options a member of our team will call you back within one business day. this is what you ll need: soap and warm water, or a moist towelette water-soluble lubricating jelly not petroleum jelly toilet or basin self-catheterization helps you empty your bladder if it doesn t empty by itself. it also helps if your bladder doesn t empty all the way. follow the steps below. first wash your hands and your penis. use warm soapy water or a moist towelette. lubricate inches of the catheter tip. place the other end in the toilet or basin. grasp the tip of your penis. hold it up and out at a angle to your stomach. slowly insert the catheter into your urethra. if it doesn t go in, take a deep breath and bear down as if to trying to urinate. if you feel a sharp pain, remove the catheter and try again. when the urine starts flowing, stop inserting. lower the angle of your penis. when the urine stops flowing, slowly remove the catheter. wash the catheter in mild soap and water. rinse it well. run water through it. then let it air-dry. wash your hands. if you use a basin, wash it out.
__label__non_math	0.9992	snip snip snip not happy with your look? perhaps you need a new, fresh hairstyle. it is not difficult to find a hair salon in los angeles. some salons offer many services in addition to haircuts and color treatments. from manicures to pedicures, some places even offer waxing and makeup under one roof it is difficult to find a good salon that will balance a reasonable price with high quality services. my personal favorites include the suzanne at the tea room in venice beach, 543 rose avenue, venice, ca . phone 310 399- jr at mynt salon in larchmont village 5oo n. larchmont los angeles, ca phone 323 469-, antonio at the hills salon in koreatown 217 n. western ave, l.a. , and robin at kim sung young in koreatown 306 n. western, l.a, . if you are a new customer at kim sung young salon you get a off your hair cut a few other students have visited other salons with great results. samire and maria recently visited the aveda institute in westwood village weyburn avenue los angeles, ca . the service was amazing, and the quality of the cut and color was great. we are very happy with our new hair i really like my haircut. they also did my nails and offer waxing services. of course there are many other locations to try: paul mitchell institute i recommend to try many different places until you find the one with people and prices you love written by eva
__label__non_math	0.9986	every seven years, since , british tv viewers have been treated to a phenomenon: an insightful, humorous, sobering, life-affirming series of shows, the first of which focused on a group of -year-old kids talking about themselves, their friends, their relatives, the world. canadian director paul almond made the original film, titled seven-up. but every seven years since then, with cameras and questions aimed at most members of that same groups of kids, who have now grown up to be , the series up, up, etc. has carried on under the watch of british director michael apted. in between these episodes, all of which are shown on tv in britain and in theaters in the u.s., apted has directed, among many others, coal miner s daughter, gorillas in the mist, and even a james bond entry, the world is not enough. but it s for his up movies that he s best known. these are talking heads films, where the man asking questions apted, who has a remarkably deep and soothing voice is never seen, and the subjects sit or stand there, sometimes totally at ease, sometimes incredibly uncomfortable, literally growing up, or maybe evolving is a better word, on camera. the questions, along with the subjects, have gone through some major changes. in the first one, young nick is asked, do you have a girlfriend? his answer is immediate: i don t answer questions like that. in the newest film, apted asks one of his people, do you have enough money? and to another, queries, are you concerned about aging? these days, no one minds answering the questions. they know apted so well, they ve become so comfortable around him, no matter how probing or intrusive the question might be, they just let it all hang out. yet at the same time, they also give unprovoked comments about the series, about its faults and shortcomings, about the fact that it doesn t provide a big enough picture, only little snippets of their lives. a man named john labels the show a complete fraud because so much of their lives is left out. but that s the whole point of the endeavor. it s not that any one of these people or their stories is fascinating. it s that we re getting brief, intimate looks into all of these very different lives. these, in turn, provide a broad, multi-faceted picture of a half-century of what it s like to be british. apted generously tosses in footage from earlier episodes, and has some great motifs going. whenever we see the three friends lynn, sue, and jackie, at different ages, they re always sitting next to each other on a couch. or there s paul who, over the years, offers up his ever-changing thoughts about marriage and his ongoing lack of self-confidence. neil was a happy -year-old, was homeless by , went through all kinds of emotional troubles, and is now in small-town politics. peter quit the show after up, but has now returned to the fold, likely because he thinks it s a good way to get publicity for his band. one of the most moving aspects is that we get to look back to when these folks were just kids, talking about their futures, then get to see them now, talking about their pasts, as well as what still might come. in the history of tv programming this will go down as the first true reality series.
__label__non_math	0.9999	the -inch pioneer elite plasma tv had always been the cornerstone of this made-over family room. it just never really felt like part of the overall decor. so when the owners decided to remodel the space, custom electronics ce professional todd anthony puma of the source home theater, new york, n.y., suggested that they recess the screen into a newly built wall. per specifications provided by puma, the contractor carved a shallow niche into the wall, sizing it slightly larger than the -incher, in case the owners ever decided to size up to a bigger tv, says puma. also designed into the new wall is a yet-to-be-installed fire pit and led lighting, which like the tv and a rack of audio and video components, will be controlled from a handheld urc tkp- remote. rather than require the owners to hunt and peck their way through the controls, puma programmed the remote so that a single button press will close the shades, dim the lights and activate the a v gear. another button, used for casual entertaining, keeps the a v on but opens the shades and turns on the lights. to maintain a clean, modern aesthetic, puma mounted the six paradigm surround-sound speakers in the ceiling, and planted a paradigm subwoofer underneath the couch. the rack of components, which includes a kaleidescape media server, cable box, apple tv and various gaming consoles, resides in a room three levels above the family room. fishing wire behind the home s existing walls between the rack and the tv was the most difficult part of the installation, puma says. wireless access points from pakedge were added to the ,000-square-foot residence to help with spotty wi-fi connections. now that just about anything, including an a v system, can be operated with a smartphone or tablet, having a strong wifi connection becomes crucial, puma says. pakedge wifi access point and -port switch paradigm sig .in-ceiling speakers paradigm in-wall subwoofers pioneer elite -inch plasma tv kaleidescape vault blu-ray player crimson tilt mount audioquest hdmi cabling urc light dimmers urc tkp- remote urc mrx-system controller urc dms-av network home theater amplifier processor urc iphone ipad app lutron motorized shades lisa montgomery has been writing about home technology for years, with a focus on the impact of electronics on a modern lifestyle.
__label__non_math	0.9299	german military use laser to destroy targets over half-a-mile away high-energy laser passes various tests with germany-based rheinmetall defense has demonstrated a 50kw, high-energy laser at their ground facility in switzerland. according to representatives from the company, the device passed all target tests with flying high-energy laser system designed by while we re still a bit away from the sort of shootouts we see in popular science-fiction flicks, the demonstration of this sort of weaponry is impressive how it works the rheinmetall laser system isn t a single laser; rather, it s composed of two separate laser modules mounted on a revolver gun air defense turrets and attached to additional power modules. the laser modules themselves are 30kw and 20kw, respectively, and a beam superimposing technology combines them, focusing the lights energy in a superimposed, cumulative manner for the sole purpose of obliterating its target s . in one test, the laser system sliced through a half-inch thick steel girder from a little more than a half-mile away. next, from a distance of approximately one-and-a-quarter miles, the system shot down a bunch of drones as they nose-dived toward the surface at a rate of 50m s. specific to this test, the system s radar was able to actually track the drones through their descent at a distance of two and a half miles. the last test the system performed was perhaps its most impressive. the weapon was able to focus in on and destroy a steel ball with an 82mm diameter traveling at 50m s. beyond demonstrating a high level of accuracy, the purpose of this demonstrate was to simulate how well the laser could handle an incoming mortar round. representatives from rheinmetall say that the laser system will reduce the time required for counter rocket, artillery, and mortar measures to just a couple of seconds even in difficult weather circumstances. as a matter of fact, the weather during the aforementioned tests featured a wide array of typical swiss-based weather patterns, including ice, rain, snow, and extremely bright sunlight. looking forward to the immediate future, the company plans to test a 60kw technology demonstrator : the quotes are purposeful here, as this new system will feature a couple of different technologies coming together in one unit. this includes 35mm ahead revolver guns, which will allow the company to explore ways in which a laser and automatic canon can be used together. looking a bit further down the road, rheinmetall s ultimate goal is to get their technology to a 100kw laser, and to make these systems mobile, where they can be mounted onto an armored vehicle so that they can be operated in the after successfully testing a 50kw laser system, rheinmetall defense will look to next develop a truck-mounted mobile system with 100kw power. learn more about jeff bausch.
__label__non_math	0.9994	updated est, thu apple event nab apple late thursday announced that it would hold a special event at next month's nab expo for broadcasters and other video producers. although the company opted out of detailing what would appear at the event, expectations have apple releasing a major new edition of final cut studio, which was introduced at the same show in . this year's presentation is currently set for april 15th. while other announcements are possible, the company has generally refrained from revealing hardware or separate software at nab events in the past. the timing, however, is notable for its proximity to the expected release of mac os x leopard as well as apple's habitual spring computer updates. the booth for the show floor will also be one of the largest of all the exhibitors, say the show managers. via macworld
__label__non_math	1.0000	updated edt, fri oklahoma, puerto rico latest additions continuing with a string of recent arrivals on us regional carriers, the iphone has arrived to two news that cover northwest oklahoma and puerto rico, respectively. open mobile, the puerto rico carrier, may be the first exclusively no-contract carrier in the us to offer iphones. oklahoma-based pioneer cellular is carrying only the iphone 4s, while open mobile has both the and 4s at various capacities. the pioneer mobile site hasn't been fully updated with pricing and relevant sales data for the iphone 4s, instead directing customers to a generic channel partners page that lists the features and some of the selling points of the iphone 4s. the company is expected to sell iphone 4s models at the standard rates of and up with a two-year contract. it began its rollout today and will expand to all its stores over the next month. open mobile offers customers one of two options on four models of iphone: outright sales and an "open plan" with a non-refundable deposit and a pre-paid 335, or 435 or 535 or for switchers. the 64gb model is per month pre-paid open plan includes unlimited minutes and texting, along with unlimited data in puerto rico only and up to 250mb of roaming data when in the united states. the commonwealth of puerto rico is an unincorporated territory of the us, and though not a state is considered a part of the country while still retaining a degree of separation. several regional and small carriers have recently added the iphone over the last two months, including carriers in california, kansas, kentucky, alaska, virginia, wisconsin and much of the us southeast
__label__non_math	1.0000	personal information we collect online our goal in collecting personal information is to provide you with an efficient, easy, and customized experience. when you make a purchase on our site, we ask for your name, address, phone number, email address and other personal information necessary to fulfill and track your order. for purposes of billing, you will need to provide your credit card type, number, and expiration date as well as the billing address associated with the credit card. if your order is to be shipped, we also need the name, address and phone number of the intended recipient s . you also may create an account through our site at any time by providing your email address and designating a unique access password. creating an account allows you to save certain billing information so that you can track the status of your orders and set your ordering preferences. however, for your privacy and security, we do not store credit card numbers in your account. you may change saved account information, such as your shipping address or phone number, at anytime. simply go online, log in with your email address and password, and then click account settings." by visiting this site directly or through another site, you accept the practices described in this policy. we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any website not operated by koyal wholesale to which the site links or that links to the site. cookies and other computer information when you visit our site, small text files known as "cookies" will be stored on your computer's hard drive. cookies allow us to enhance and customize your online shopping experience and improve the design of our site. these cookies store random id numbers and site navigation information such as your first and last visits, number of visits, shopping cart contents, and the pages you viewed on our website. cookies also may collect certain technical information from your computer. this technical information may include your internet protocol ip address, your computer's operating system, browser type and the address of a referring website, if any. the information stored in a cookie cannot be used to identify you personally unless combined with information that you have provided in connection with a purchase, setting up an account, or registering for promotional emails, contests, or surveys. although ip addresses alone can reveal the location of your computer, we will use such information only to investigate and identify unauthorized activities. this site uses session cookies to observe your navigation throughout the website for the purposes described above. you may set your web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie and you may also erase cookies from your browser after shopping. if you delete our cookies, you limit our ability to personalize your next shopping visit; however, deleting a cookie will not prevent you from shopping and purchasing at our site in the future. you may also choose to set your web browser to not accept cookies. information shared with third parties we do not rent, sell or exchange your name or other personally-identifiable information to third-party companies. this information may be provided to reputable third party organizations that help us to process and fulfill your order. this information will be used solely for transactional purposes, which includes, but is not limited to using third party companies to verify and process credit card transactions, to perform order fulfillment, to deliver packages, to schedule and perform product installations and to administer service programs. we may share your information with others who help us analyze our sales data, maintain our records, and provide other services for our site such as collect site navigation information. we may share this information with companies that act on our behalf and at our direction to ship merchandise to you and also notify you of additional koyal wholesale products and services. these third parties are not authorized to use your information for any reason other than to perform their contractually assigned functions. we never authorize unsolicited advertising or communication from third party organizations. we may be required to disclose your personal information to third parties if necessary to comply with applicable laws, subpoenas or court orders. uses of information collected online information collected on this site may be used in the following ways: - schedule deliveries of merchandise that you purchase online - create an online account for you at elegavenue.com - bill your credit card for your purchases - confirm and track your orders - respond to your customer service inquiries - provide promotional communication if you choose to receive them - offer the products you want - customize your shopping experience - improve our website design and helpful features accessing and updating my information you can access and correct information you have shared with us online if you have established an account with elegavenue.com. simply go to your account, log in with your email address and password, click "account settings" and edit or delete whatever information you wish. do not share your password with anyone. the personal information you supply us will be added to our customer database. we may send you promotional emails about koyal wholesale products, services or contests that we hope will be of interest. at any time, you can choose to discontinue receiving such promotional email. you can instruct us whether you want to receive such emails by removing the mark from the box indicating your preference when prompted. you may choose to submit product reviews at which time you will need to register. we will ask for your name, email address and geographic location at time of registration. once you submit your review, only your first name, last name initial and geographic location city and state only or city and country if international will be visible to other users. please do not submit any personally identifiable information as a part of the review as it will be visible to other users. we are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to submit as part of your review. if you use a bulletin board, blog, or chat room on this site or contribute tips for use on this site, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. we are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums or features. email a friend if you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend s name and email address. we will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. this site does not store this information and uses it for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email. we protect our databases with strong security measures and we restrict access to your information by unauthorized persons. our information systems are maintained behind a software firewall to isolate them from access by other networks connected to the internet. we also advise all our employees about their responsibility to protect customer data and we provide them with appropriate guidelines for adhering to our company's business ethics standards and confidentiality policies. all information transmitted through this site is stored on our secure server. we use secure sockets layer ssl technology, which is the electronic commerce standard for securing information as it travels over the internet. ssl technology is designed to encrypt your information, preventing an unauthorized party from viewing and downloading your information. if you have any questions or comments write to us at: attention: customer service manager 231 teller st unit 102 corona, ca please remember to include your postal address, e-mail address and phone number with your correspondence. changes in this privacy statement koyal wholesale is committed to quality customer service and we are constantly reviewing your feedback to improve our services. please tell us what you think by emailing us or calling us at 951.734. monday-friday pst during regular business hours.
__label__math	0.9607	you ll be amazed at our high density 12v brighter flexible led strip light, which is twice as bright as our standard brighter flexible led strip light. sold by the .foot spool, our high density brighter led strip packs up to 360 lumens of brightness per foot this high-output, high-intensity led lighting works well for lighting installations that are larger than most, or require a light that can illuminate over a longer distance than usual. whether for cove lighting, interior lighting, or exhibit lighting, large cabinet lighting, project lighting, and any sort of close application task lighting, this strip is very nearly the brightest of any of our led fixtures. despite its brightness, the low energy consumption of this strip means you not only save money, but the low voltage power lessens the chance of electrical shock and fire danger. this solid state light strip is rated to last around ,000 hours, which is nearly years, if left on hours a day the high density strip s low profile of only .inches, and a width of less than half an inch, allows for use in almost any location. are you looking for a strip light that s a little less bright? take a look at our brighter flexible led strip light, which is just twice as bright as the standard led ribbon light. product skus: el-hdbrtr12vsp-ww, el-hdbrtr12vsp-nw reviewed on by john reviewed on by eric reviewed on by denton input voltage: 12v dc energy consumption per ft.: .4w 363ma energy consumption per spool: 73w max. length of one run: .ft. sold by unit: spool length: .ft. weight: oz. width: .in. depth: .in. chip spacing: .in. between centers .in. between edges chip type: smd cuttable: every chips in. ambient operating temp.: - 176 f - c fixture surface temp.: 104 f c uv ir radiation: none lifespan: ,000 hours
__label__non_math	1.0000	"clearly, the buckeyes were hitting the books hard all week and winthrop was an afterthought. i've always tried to tell coach matta to lighten up and let the players focus more on basketball, but he never listened." grantland.com the easiest way for you to contribute is to join the community. signing up for a new account is free, takes seconds and allows you to comment, participate in the forum and create your own blog posts.
__label__non_math	1.0000	we re sorry. the page you requested is no longer available. we encourage you to explore our most recent collection. shop new arrivals or, please use the search below to find what you are looking for. if you need assistance, please email us. click here to contact us.
__label__non_math	0.9905	slim line picture lights in sizes from " to ". easy-to-install bracket system for wall or picture frame mounting included. paintable ' power cord with in-line switch. lamps included. hand-crafted in vermont in a variety of finishes. lifetime guarantee from house of troy. in stock for fast shipping. lamp: 15t4 included installation: attachment bracket for wall or frame mounting
__label__non_math	0.6566	house of troy p14-d01 piano desk lamp piano desk lamp house of troy p14-d01 combine elegant styling with house of troy's superior craftsmanship. hand-crafted in vermont . in stock and ready for fast shipping lamp: one - watt halogen bulb included shade length: " finish: polished brass black base: " x " switch: on base
__label__non_math	0.9863	to say the world of social media is expansive is a gross understatement. even the smaller subset of social bookmarking websites is exponentially larger than any single person can realistically use or incorporate into their daily social media to dos. four of the most popular social bookmarking websites are stumbleupon, digg, delicious and reddit. below you will find an overview of each site along with a list of what type of content works best on each. bills itself as: a discovery engine to find the best of the web. content topics: unlimited. users now select a main category when an article is added to the stumbleupon database and can add additional tags along with a review. how you promote content: users thumb up or like an article to initially enter it into the database, but then both thumbs up and thumbs down can be given from there. bills itself as: the best news, videos and pictures on the web. content topics: you must select category from their provided drop-down list: business, entertainment, gaming, lifestyle, offbeat, politics, science, sports, technology and world news. how you promote content: users digg it . diggs can be both up and down. other notes features: comments can be left on previously dugg articles. digg offers a my news tab where you can see stories that are of interest to you based on who you follow, stories you enjoy reading and trending stories. bills itself as: the world s leading social bookmarking service. content topics: unlimited, though its homepage lists categories: arts design, comedy, education, entertainment, fashion, food, lifestyle, music, news politics, pets animals, sports, technology science and travel. plus a 14th uncategorized. how you promote content: once you have bookmarked at least links, you can build a stack . each stack is given a name and a category, and once a stack is published, it can be both shared with others and followed. other notes features: delicious generates an rss feed for each user comprised of profiles and stacks that user has followed. bills itself as: the front page of the internet. content topics: too many to count. reddit operates with hundreds of subreddits, each with its own category. users can subscribe to as many subreddits as they d like. how you promote content: each user-submitted link can be voted up by clicking the up arrow or down by clicking the down arrow . a score is determined for that article using simple math: of votes up the of votes down. other notes features: reddit seems to have a much more casual feel as compared to the social bookmarking sites mentioned above. for example, a few of its subreddits include wtf, aww and today i learned. while all websites are staking their own individual claim in the social world, these popular social bookmarking sites have some commonalities, too. all sites are populated by user-submitted links. all sites allow you to establish a list of followers following. all sites have their own form of a button, bookmarklet or tool to use in order to submit a link to that respective database. do you social bookmark? which site s do you prefer?
__label__non_math	1.0000	this lithograph is printed on archival quality paper, which maintains the clarity and vividness of the image over time far better than cheaper papers. the original artwork from which the lithograph is reproduced is hand-rendered pen ink carefully colored py professional illustrators. if you want a piece of art in your home or office, there is no higher-quality option available. whether you have a frame in mind or just want to stick it on the wall you can't go wrong. whatever option you choose, rest assured - the auburn tigers lithograph is the first and last word in quality, college inspired lithographs at any price. please note: this item is custom made by the manufacturer and can not be returned unless defective.
__label__non_math	0.9999	a hinkley classic the ornate plantation collection features exceptional pineapple shaped clear optic glass that makes a noble statement. the burnished brass pearl bronze and polished antique nickel finishes have matching candle sleeves and elaborate decorative cast detailing. hinkley lighting continues to strengthen the values that have made them a leader in the lighting industry upon their birth years ago. hinkley s commitment to: quality, variety, design, craftsmanship and use of superior materials set them apart from competitors. this product is not rated. click here to rate this product
__label__non_math	1.0000	florida concealed weapons class ccw elite tactical training llc elite tactical was created to provide leading-edge, realistic, scenario-driven, one-on-one or group instruction in the use of firearms in a safe and responsible manner. our staff works with each student to assure understanding of the course of instruction and assist our students in proper firearms and caliber selection. concealed weapon training course - hour training course - train with a real world expert, former u.s. army and law enforcement. - learn safety, proper mindset and effective weapon handling. - classes available days a week with prior registration. - state of florida and nra certified instructors. - firearm, ammo, targets and range provided. - course available to both genders. - women only classes available. - certificate of completion - only per person read full story...
__label__non_math	0.9665	elkem elgraph recarburisers elkem has created a special production unit to make very high purity recarburisers for the manufacture of cast irons. grades are available for both grey cast iron and ductile compacted graphite iron. these graphites are particularly efficient and dissolve rapidly into the iron, making them particularly suited for trim additions. advantages of the elgraph recarburisers are - high carbon recoveries - easily rapid solubility even at low agitation - cost effective value added - carbon trimming just prior to casting - low nitrogen level for grey iron production for full specification, please contact us. general information about elkem's recarburiser products trends in the iron foundry industry towards electric melting and higher steel scrap charges mean that more carbon units have to be added to the furnace. economy and cost effectiveness are key words in the foundry and steel industries, and apply as well to the selection of recarburisers. some key requirements are high carbon yields "value for money" , less slag economy, power costs and better working conditions , dissolution rate energy costs and tap-to-tap times , reproducibility planning, automation and fewer rejects , lining life economy and down-time . recarburisers are either natural materials or most commonly by-products from the manufacture of graphite electrodes, the refining of crude oil or other manufacturing processes. elkem has been a producer of electrode paste since in specially designed calciners, for use in the s derberg process dr. s derberg was an elkem employee and these are recognised and sold all over the world. recent technology changes have meant that elkem s calcining furnaces are able to produce recarburisers which have been given the trade name elgraph . the new calcining technology allows the production of recarburisers with very low levels of sulphur, nitrogen, hydrogen, volatile matters and ash. elgraph recarburisers products are widely used in the manufacture of cast irons and in steel production. elgraph recarburisers are produced at elkem carbon's plant in kristiansand, on the southern coast of norway. elgraph recarburiser is especially formulated as a carbon raiser for grey iron, with high purity and particular emphasis on low content of nitrogen and hydrogen. its high dissolution rate makes it very suitable in the carbon adjustment phase of metal preparation. elgraph recarburisers are carbon additives formulated and manufactured at high temperatures from selected raw materials specifically for use as recarburisers during cast iron and steel manufacture. extensive research has resulted in the development of a new generation continuous electric calciner, operating at very high temperatures up to 3000 c to manufacture the elgraph recarburisers. the high calcining temperature alows us to produce a purer product and a more graphitised product. it is generally found that the more graphitised the recarburiser, the better the carbon recovery and solubitity. as a measurement for the degree of graphitisation the electical resistance can be used. practical foundry experience has shown that solubility can be related to the degree of graphitisation, which is related to the resistivity of the recarburisers. typically a good solubility recarburiser should have a resistivity of less than 270 ohm.
__label__non_math	0.9973	ara we are in the midst of a do-it-yourself revolution, with more americans pulling out the tool belt and getting their hands dirty. if you d like to hop on the diy bandwagon and enjoy the money savings and pride that comes with completing a project yourself, it s important to keep some tips in mind so your grand ideas don t become grand disasters. the down economy has inspired many americans to skip the pros and complete home improvement projects themselves and this trend isn t just for low- or middle-income families. wealthy families are making an effort as well, with percent of mass affluent americans 250,000 in total household investable assets saying they took on home improvement projects in the last year, such as plumbing, painting and home cleaning, that they would normally hire someone else to do, according to a bank of america merrill edge report. no matter what your reason, from saving money to having complete control over the project, here are some important steps to follow so the job gets completed successfully. . choose your project wisely depending on your level of skill and ambition, you may be able to complete a number of different projects around your home, adding value, comfort and style to your real estate investment. but choosing a project and researching it thoroughly prior to starting is important. while you may want to completely remodel your bathroom, do you have the skills necessary to do all the plumbing? would it be better to give the room a facelift with some new hardware, linens and a fresh coat of paint? make sure you understand the entire scope of the project before you take it on with full force. . get the right tools while professionals have all the tools they need on hand, diy homeowners will likely need to purchase some equipment to complete the job. while you re likely to have the basics - hammer, screwdriver, nails, etc. - most projects require specific types of tools to get the job done correctly. for example, if you plan to upgrade your flooring, you can get all the tools you need while you pick up your supplies from lumber liquidators. from installation starter kits to mechanic gloves and floor nailers, you ll find high-quality, professional-grade tools at a low cost. some tools are a smart investment because they help throughout the installation process, and can be used time and time again for maintenance purposes. and in some cases, tools can be cheaper to own than to rent. . make a budget and timeline two of the most common roadblocks that overly ambitious diyers face are projects taking longer than expected and costing more than originally intended. when you start a project, it s important to set a realistic budget and stick to it. too often homeowners begin to upgrade materials and make costly mistakes that add up quickly. having a timeline is important also so your weekend project doesn t turn into a month-long endeavor. while you need to be flexible there are frequently unexpected delays when doing something on your own , it s important to have a timeframe for project completion. when a home project is finished on time and on budget, everyone is happy. . educate yourself on the project steps no matter what project you are considering, there is likely a multitude of free online videos available to help you learn more about the proper measures you need to take to get it done the right way. visit youtube.com or simply perform a google search. when you buy your supplies, talk with the associates at the store and get advice for your particular home. educated employees, such as the ones who work at lumber liquidators, can help answer your questions and concerns, and guide you toward methods that will save time and headaches. finally, you can always visit your local library to find books and magazines that cover your topic of interest.
__label__non_math	1.0000	jim and i have not been to pennsylvania since january - before his surgery - so with lovely week-end weather predicted we drove up yesterday. being here is like taking a deep breath and exhaling slowly. karen had told me there was a loud frog in the pond near the kitchen door but last night when he started singing i was amazed at the volume - he sounded in the room with me. birds are everywhere and they are all chattering, a regular tower of babel on the wing. golden dandelions have invaded the neighbor's fields. i don't know how welcome they are to the farmers but to me they are big splashes of wonderful color. its like living in a spring collage. and with all that - it is quiet. soothingly quiet. quiet that is great for sleeping. we don't have tv hooked up. only movies which we choose ourselves. no commercials and no cnn. we black-out the news. what a relief one of the best things about coming up to this area of pa in the spring are the apple orchards in bloom. we rolled down the car windows so we could smell the sweet perfume from the orchards along the roads as well as enjoy the glorious blossoms against blue skies. all that is pure blessing.
__label__non_math	1.0000	federal agents on wednesday raided a central el paso massage parlor that advertised a "friendly asian staff" offering "oriental bodywork." no details were immediately available about the raid at the kyoto hot stone spa, 616 n. virginia st., on wednesday afternoon. agents with immigration and customs enforcement and homeland security investigations arrived at the spa about noon and were seen carrying out boxes. a glass window near the spa's front door was broken, and at least one person was escorted into an awaiting law enforcement vehicle. " homeland security investigations special agents executed a federal search warrant wednesday at kyoto hot stone spa as part of an ongoing criminal investigation," ice spokeswoman leticia zamarripa said. zamarripa declined to release any other details about the raid. according to the spa's profile on backpage.com, a classified advertising website for adult services, the spa offers swedish and shiatsu massage and "table showers" at a rate of per half-hour. the spa is also ranked on several websites in which users review businesses that allegedly offer erotic massages. the spa's owner is listed as kim in soon, who obtained a business permit for the kyoto spa in july , according to el paso county records. records also list the spa's previous owner as an sun lee. wednesday's raid took place a little more than a year after ice and fbi agents, along with las cruces police, el paso county records show lee's last known address is the same as bally hot stone spa's in las cruces. lee was not among those charged in the las cruces cases. adriana m. ch vez may be reached at email; 546-. follow her on twitter
__label__non_math	0.8549	. linguistic background the languages that are currently spoken in the pacific region can be divided broadly into three groups: the australian and new guinean languages formed by people who participated in the region s earliest migrations over a period of ,000-,000 years starting several tens of thousands of years ago, and the austronesian languages spoken by mongoloid people who migrated including 250 aboriginal languages in australia and 750 papuan languages on the island of new guinea including the indonesian territory of irian jaya and neighboring areas. there are also 350 austronesian languages in melanesia, in polynesia, in micronesia and 100 in new guinea comrie, matthews, and polinsky . there is wide variation not only among language groups, but also among the families of languages. few language families have been identified among the languages of australia and new guinea using the methods of comparative linguistics. pacific languages are also characterized by the small size of speaker populations and by the absence of dominant languages. however, there are usually bilingual people who can speak or at least understand the languages of neighboring populations, and it is believed that this situation has existed for a long time. in terms of cultural factors, it appears that the diversification of languages in the pacific region was accelerated by the emblematic function of language in the creation of a clear distinction between ingroup and outgroup. the languages of new guinea and the region around it show diverse linkages and wide variations between languages. the austronesian languages of the pacific region are mostly classified as oceanian languages, while the chamorro and palau languages of micronesia are classified into the languages of western malaya and polynesia wmp, indonesian family , and the indigenous languages of maluku and irian jaya in eastern indonesia into the central malayo-polynesian cmp or the south halmahera-west new guinea shwng subgroups. in particular, there are strong similarities between the linguistic characteristics of the cmp and shwng languages and those of the melanesian branch of the oceanian languages. these linguistic conditions and characteristics are attributable to ethnic migrations within the region over a long period of time, accompanied by contacts and linguistic merging with indigenous papuan people. papuan languages are still found in parts of indonesia, including northern halmahera and the islands of pantar and alor and central and eastern timor in the province of nusa tenggara. in new guinea, contact with papuan languages has caused some austronesian languages to exhibit a word order change from subject-verb-object to subject-object-verb austronesian type sakiyama . . linguistic strata with the start of colonization by the european powers in the nineteenth century, a new set of linguistic circumstances developed in the region. first, pidgin languages based on european and melanesian languages gradually emerged as common languages. the establishment of plantations in samoa and in queensland, australia, which had concentrations of people who spoke melanesian languages, was important in providing breeding grounds for pidgin languages. a pidgin language is formed from elements of the grammar of both contributing languages, though the pidgin languages tend to be looked down upon from the perspective of the more dominant of the two parent languages. the region s newly formed common languages, including tok pisin, bislama, and solomon pidgin, flourished after they were taken back to the homelands of the various speakers. this was possible because vanuatu, the solomon islands and papua new guinea were all multilingual societies without dominant languages. the number of speakers of pidgin languages increased rapidly in this environment. at the same time, the continuing existence of ethnic minority languages came under threat. examples of pidgins that were creolized adopted as mother languages in their own right include solomon pijin, which eventually had over ,000 speakers aged five and over in the solomon islands. bislama, a mixture of over 100 indigenous languages grafted upon a base of english and french, is now spoken by almost the entire population of vanuatu 170,000 in and is partially creolized. of particular interest is the fact that a group of more than ,000 people who emigrated to new caledonia have adopted bislama as their primary language. the situation in papua new guinea, which has a population of ,300,000 , is even more dramatic. by the number of people using tok pisin as their primary language had reached ,000, while another ,000,000 used it as a second language grimes . . minority languages and common languages in the pacific region the atlas of the world s languages in danger of disappearing published by unesco wurm provides merely a brief overview of the current situation in papua new guinea, australia, the solomon islands, and vanuatu. there is no mention of micronesia, new caledonia, or polynesia, presumably because of a lack of information resulting from the large number of languages in these areas. the following report covers areas and languages that i have researched and endangered languages covered by field studies carried out by japanese researchers. .belau palau , micronesia according to belau palau government statistics , the total population of ,122 people includes people living on outlying islands in sonsorol state, and in hatohobei tochobei state. apart from the sonsorol islands, sonsorol state also includes the islands of fanah, meril and pulo an. in addition to the hatohobei language, the language mix on these outlying islands also includes nuclear micronesian chuukic languages, which are the core oceanian languages spoken in the carolines. they differ from palauan, which is an indonesian language. to lump these languages together as the sonsorol languages with a total of 600 speakers wurm and hattori is as inaccurate as combining the miyako dialects of okinawa into a single classification. the number of chuukic speakers has declined steadily since these figures were compiled. starting in the german colonial period of the early twentieth century, people have been relocated from these outlying islands to echang on arakabesan island in belau. today there are several hundred of these people. many of those born in the new location only speak palauan. a study by s. oda estimated that there were speakers of pulo annian. the language of meril continued to decline and has now become extinct. from the early part of the twentieth century until the end of world war ii, micronesia was under japanese rule, administered by the south seas mandate. japanese was used as a common language, and its influence is still evident today. the linguistic data on micronesia presented by grimes is distorted by the fact that, while the number of english speakers is shown, no mention is made of japanese. a study carried out in wurm, m hlh usler, and tryon found that people aged and over could speak basic japanese. this group is equivalent to people aged and over in . an estimate based on belau government statistics suggests that more than ,000 of these people are still alive. in the state of yap in the federated states of micronesia, where the percentage of females attending school is said to have been low, we can assume that the number of japanese speakers has fallen below 500. it has been suggested that if japan had continued to rule micronesia, japanese would certainly have become the sole language in the region, and indigenous languages would have disappeared wurm, m hlh usler, and tryon . this seems an overly harsh appraisal of japan s language policy. except in the schools, as a matter of fact no significant steps were taken to promote the use of japanese. micronesia previously had no common language for communication between different islands. even today, old people from different islands use japanese as a common language sakiyama ; toki . however, the role of this japanese pidgin appears to have ended within a single generation, and in this sense it too is an endangered language. pidgin japanese continues to be used as a lingua franca by taiwanese in their fifties and older wurm, m hlh usler, and tryon , and the number of speakers is estimated to have been ,000 in grimes . .yap, micronesia ngulu atoll is situated between the yap islands and the belau islands. the nguluwan language is a mixture of yapese and ulithian, which belongs to the chuukic family. it has inherited the ulithian phonetic system and a partial version of yap grammar sakiyama . nguluwan appears to have evolved through bilingualism between yapese and ulithian, and to describe it as a dialect of ulithian grimes is inappropriate. in there were speakers. even with the inclusion of people who had migrated to guror on yap island, where the parent village is located, the number of speakers was fewer than . speakers are being assimilated rapidly into the yapese language and culture. .maluku, indonesia the book atlas bahasa tanah maluku taber et al. covers 117 ethnic languages austronesian, papuan , including numbers of speakers for each language, areas of habitation and migration, access routes, simple cultural information, and basic numbers and expressions. this work is especially valuable since it corrects inaccuracies and errors in the classification and index of the world's languages by c. y. l. voegelin and f. m. voegelin. it also distinguishes languages and dialects according to their a priori mutual intelligibility. fifteen languages are listed as having fewer than ,000 speakers. they include the nakaela language of seram, which has only speakers, the amahai and paulohi languages, also of seram, which are spoken by people each, and the south nuaulu and yalahatan languages, which have ,000 speakers each on seram island. the data, however, are not complete. for example, the bajau language is not included, presumably because of the difficulty of accessing the various solitary islands where the bajau people live. the author researched the yalahatan language in and in , and the bajau language ,000 speakers on sangkuwang island in . .irian jaya, papua new guinea detailed information about the names, numbers of speakers, and research data for over 800 languages spoken in new guinea and its coastal regions can be found in the works by the barrs , voorhoeve , and wurm . however, not only the minority languages but even the majority languages other than a few have yet to be surveyed and researched adequately. there are many languages for which vocabulary collection has yet to be undertaken. it appears that dictionaries or grammars have been published for less than one-tenth of the region s languages. however, the gospel has been published in several dozen languages using orthographies established by sil. papuan languages range and dani, which are spoken by well over 100,000 people, to endangered languages such as abaga with speakers 150 according to wurm , makolkol with unknown according to wurm , and sene with under . there are very many languages is needed. also, despite having substantially more than ,000 speakers wurm ; grimes , murik is in danger of extinction due to the creolization of tok pisin foley . moreover, it is questionable whether the present lists include all of the region s languages. information about irian jaya is even sparser. a study on popular languages carried out by the author in revealed that kuot new ireland , taulil new britain , and sko irian jaya all had several hundred speakers and that, in the case of taulil in particular, an increasing number of young people were able to understand what their elders were saying but could no longer speak the language themselves. there has been a rapid shift to kuanua, an indigenous language used in trade with neighboring rabaul, which is replacing taulil. .solomon islands, melanesia the total population of the solomon islands is 390,000 . there are papuan, melanesian, and polynesian indigenous languages, of which only are spoken by over ,000 people grimes . the papuan kazukuru languages guliguli, doriri of new georgia, which were known to be endangered as early as , have become extinct already, leaving behind just some scant linguistic information. the melanesian tanema and vano languages of the santa cruz islands and the laghu language of the santa isabel islands were extinct by . this does not mean that the groups speaking them died out, but rather that the languages succumbed to the shift to roviana, a trade language used in neighboring regions, or were replaced by solomon pijin sakiyama . .vanuatu, melanesia the situation in vanuatu is very similar to that in the solomon islands. the official view, written in bislama, is as follows: i gat sam ples long 110 lanwis evriwan so i gat bigfala lanwis difrens long vanuatu. pipol blong wan velej ol i toktok long olgeta bakegen evridei nomo long lanwis be i no bislama, inglis o franis. vanuatu currently has 110 indigenous languages, which are all very different linguistically. on an everyday basis people in villages speak only their local languages, not bislama, english, or french . vanuatu, , institute of pacific studies among the melanesian and polynesian indigenous languages spoken by 170,000 people, or of the total population , there are many small minority tongues. these include aore, which has only a single speaker extinct according to wurm and hattori ; maragus and ura with speakers each ; nasarian, and sowa with ; and dixon reef, lorediakarkar, mafea, and tambotalo with . if languages with around 100 speakers are included, this category accounts for about one-half of the total number of languages grimes . the spread of bislama has had the effect of putting these languages in jeopardy. .new caledonia, melanesia new caledonia has a total population of 145,000 people, of whom ,000 are indigenous. as of , there were languages, all melanesian speakers are cemuhi, paic , aji , and x r c , along with dehu and nengone, which are spoken on the loyalty islands. dumbea paita , which is spoken by several hundred people, has been described by t. shintani and y. paita . and m. osumi has described tinrin, which has an estimated 400 speakers. speakers of tinrin are bilingual in x r c or aji . ner has speakers and arh , while waamwang, which had speakers in , is now reported to be extinct grimes . descendants of javanese, who began to migrate to new caledonia in the early part of the twentieth century, now number several thousand. the javanese language spoken by these people, which has developed in isolation from the javanese homeland, has attracted attention as a new pidgin language. when europeans first arrived in australia in , it is estimated that there were 700 different tribes in a population of 500,000-,000,000 comrie, matthews, and polinsky . by the 1830s tasmanian had become extinct, and today the number of aboriginal languages has fallen to less than one-half what it once was. however, t. tsunoda left detailed records of the warrungu language, the last speaker of which died in , and the djaru language, which has only 200 speakers tsunoda , . yawuru, which belongs to the nyulnyulan family, reportedly has fewer than speakers, all aged in their sixties or older. the language is described by k. hosokawa . the pacific has been heavily crisscrossed by human migration were colonized. this historical background is reflected in the existence of multilevel diglossia in all regions of the pacific. depending on the generation, the top level of language in micronesia is either english the official language or pidgin japanese used as a lingua franca among islands . the next level is made up of the languages of major islands that exist as political units, such as palauan, yapese and ponapean. on the lowest level are the various ethnic languages spoken mainly on solitary islands. in the maluku islands of indonesia, local malay languages such as ambonese malay, north maluku malay and bacanese malay, form a layer beneath the official language, indonesian. under them are the dominant local languages, such as hitu, which is spoken by ,000 people on ambon island, and ternate and tidore, which are spoken in the halmahera region. these are important as urban languages. on the lowest level are the various vernaculars. in papua new guinea, standard english forms the top level, followed by papua new guinean english. tok pisin and hiri motu are used as common languages among the various ethnic groups. beneath these layers are the regional or occupational common languages. for example, hiri motu is used as the law enforcement lingua franca in coastal areas around the gulf of papua, yabem as a missionary language along the coast of the huon gulf, and malay as a trade language in areas along the border with indonesia. on the next level are the ethnic and tribal languages used on a day-to-day basis. an example of a similar pattern in polynesia can be found in hawaii, where english and hawaiian english rank above da kine talk or pidgin to da max, which are mixtures of english and oceanic languages and are used as common languages among the various asian migrants who have settled in hawaii. beneath these are ethnic languages, including hawaiian and the various immigrant languages, such as a common japanese based on the hiroshima dialect, as well as cantonese, korean, and tagalog. all of the threatened languages are in danger because of their status as indigenous minority languages positioned at the lowest level of the linguistic hierarchy. reports to date have included little discussion of the multilevel classification of linguistic strata from a formal linguistic perspective. it will be necessary in the future to examine these phenomena from the perspectives of sociolinguistics or linguistic anthropology. barr, donald f., and sharon g. barr. . index of irian jaya languages. prepublication draft. abepura, indonesia: cenderawashih university and summer institute of linguistics. comrie, bernard, stephan matthews, and maria polinsky. . the atlas of languages. new york: chackmark books. foley, william a. . the papuan languages of new guinea. cambridge, new york: cambridge university press. grimes, barbara f., ed. . ethnologue: languages of the world. dallas: international academic bookstore. hosokawa, komei. . the yawuru language of west kimberley: a meaning-based description. ph.d. diss., australian national university. oda, sachiko. . the syntax of pulo annian. ph. d. diss., university of hawaii. osumi, midori. . tinrin grammar. oceanic linguistics special publication, no. . honolulu: university of hawaii press. sakiyama, osamu. . the characteristics of nguluwan from the viewpoint of language contact. in islanders and their outside world.aoyagi, machiko, ed. tokyo: rikkyo university. ---. . hirimotu go no ruikei: jijun to gochishi affix order and postpositions in hiri motu: a cross-linguistic survey . bulletin of the national museum of ethnology,vol. no. : -. ---. . mikuroneshia berau no pijin ka nihongo pidginized japanese in belau, micronesia . shiso no kagaku, vol. no. : -. ---. . fukugouteki na gengo jokyo multilingual situation of the solomon islands . in soromon shoto no seikatsu shi: bunka, rekishi, shakai life history in the solomons: culture, history and society . akimichi, tomoya et al, eds. tokyo: akashi shoten. shintani, takahiko and yvonne pa ta. . grammaire de la langue de pa ta. noum a, new caledonia: soci t d' tudes historiques de la nouvelle-cal donie. taber, mark and et al. . atlas bahasa tanah maluku maluku languages atlas . ambon, indonesia: summer institute of linguistics and pusat pengkajian dan pengembangan maluku, pattimura university. toki, satoshi, ed. . the remnants of japanese in micronesia. memoirs of the faculty of letters, osaka university, vol. . tsunoda, tasaku. . a grammar of the warrungu language, north queensland. master's thesis, monash university. ---. . the djaru language of kimberley, western australia. pacific linguistics, ser. b, no. . canberra: australian national university. voorhoeve, c. l. . languages of irian jaya: checklist, preliminary classification, language maps, wordlists. canberra: australian national university. wurm, stephen a. . papuan languages of oceania. t bingen: gunter narr verlag. ---. and shiro hattori, eds. . language atlas of the pacific area. pacific linguistics, ser. c, no. -. canberra: australian national university. ---, peter m hlh usler, and darrel t. tryon. . atlas of languages of intercultural communication in the pacific, asia, and the americas. vols. trends in linguistics. documentation . new york: mouton de gruyter. any comments and suggestions to firstname.lastname
__label__non_math	0.9995	featured albums artist album: tales from topographic oceans remastered artist: orchestral manoeuvres in the dark artist: vampire weekend recent fight aids news: ahf, kanco organize no retreat on aids march to call for more global hiv aids funding - thu, may concerned that key partners in the fight against hiv aids like the global fund to fight aids, tuberculosis and malaria and the president's emergency plan for aids relief are losing funding due to government cuts, aids healthcare foundation, in conjunction with kenya aids ngos consortium, have organized a no retreat on aids march from jevanjee gardens to uhuru park on friday to ... dine out, fight aids " it's that easy - tue, apr while they may not be front-page news as much as they once were, aids and hiv are still real and serious threats to public health. but there's something very simple we can all do to fight these diseas related information for fight aids: l or de nos vies is a song written by kyo performed by the fight aids group which consists of or so prominent french singers including kyo, emmanuel moire, jenifer, m. pokora, anggun, roch voisine, corneille, leslie, emma daumas, t t , b nabar, amel bent, patrick bruel princess stephanie of monaco. proceeds go to the f.a.m fight aids monaco association. we present different fight aids lyrics and remixes all listed in alphabetical order. besides fight aids song lyrics you can also browse fight aids images album covers. you can choose to translate lyrics to fight aids to different languages as well. please feel free to submit corrections you have for fight aids songs and comments you have for meaning to fight aids lyrics
__label__non_math	1.0000	j-live lyrics info darling venerators if you are reading this, you are on on the subpage of the recording artist j-live in our elyricsworld. our database consists of data about artists from all over the world also songs of which are from j-live. besides the singer's biography, on this page you can see brief information about them, enlists birthdate, style, label be conversant with all the events around j-live by adding rss link. if you prefer you could directly visit the page you are on currently and check out the latest songs about the singer.
__label__non_math	0.9991	archives by date you are browsing the site archives by date. a big earthquake with the strength of .on the richter scale has hit pakistan. two million pakistanis have died and over a million are injured. the country is totally ruined and the government doesn t know where to start with providing help to rebuild. the rest of the world is in shock. the usa is ... a class of five-year old school children returned to the classroom after playing in the playground during their break time. the teacher says to the first child hello becky, what have you been doing this playtime? becky replies i have been playing in the sand box. very good, says the teacher if you can ...
__label__non_math	0.9823	in this article exams and tests a bone mineral density test measures the mineral density such as calcium in your bones using a special x-ray or computed tomography ct scan. from this information, your doctor can estimate the strength of your bones. see a picture of a bone mineral density test. routine urine and blood tests can rule out other medical conditions, such as hyperparathyroidism, hyperthyroidism, or cushing's syndrome, that can cause bone loss. in men, blood tests to measure testosterone levels can see whether low levels are causing bone loss. if you have been diagnosed with osteoporosis, you may need to follow up regularly with your doctor to monitor your condition. if you or your doctor thinks you may be at risk for osteoporosis, you may have a screening test to check your bone thickness. a screening test may be advisable if you have: the united states preventive services task force uspstf recommends that all women age and older routinely have a bone mineral density test to screen for osteoporosis. if you are at increased risk for fractures caused by osteoporosis, routine screening should start sooner.uspstf recommends that you and your doctor check your fracture risk using a tool such as frax to help decide whether you should be screened for osteoporosis. talk to your doctor about your risk factors and when to start bone mineral density screening. the frax tool was developed by the world health organization to help predict your risk of having a fracture related to osteoporosis in the next years. you can use this tool. go to the website at and click on calculation tool. if you have had a bone mineral density test bmd on your hip, you can type in your score. if you have not had that test, you can leave the score blank. most experts recommend that the decision to screen younger women be made on an individual basis, depending on the risk for osteoporosis and whether the test results will help with treatment decisions. for help to decide whether you should be tested for osteoporosis, see: ultrasound is sometimes offered at events such as health fairs as a quick screening for osteoporosis. ultrasound by itself is not a reliable test for diagnosing osteoporosis. but if results of an ultrasound screening find low bone density, your doctor can help you decide whether you should have a bone mineral density test. emedicinehealth medical reference from healthwise to learn more visit healthwise.org healthwise, incorporated. healthwise, healthwise for every health decision, and the healthwise logo are trademarks of healthwise, incorporated. get tips and advances in treatment. pill identifier on rxlist - quick, easy, find a local pharmacy - including hour, pharmacies
__label__non_math	0.9893	moderate-intensity aerobic activity aerobic fitness means increasing how well the body uses oxygen, which depends on the condition of the heart, lungs, and muscles. experts tend to describe aerobic activity in three ways: light, moderate, and vigorous. when people do moderate-intensity activities, they notice a faster heartbeat. to get the benefits of moderate activity, a person can: the goal of aerobic fitness is to increase the amount of oxygen that goes to the heart and muscles, which allows them to work longer. any activities, including many kinds of daily activities, that raise the heart rate and keep it up for an extended period of time can improve aerobic fitness. if the activities are done regularly and long enough, they can help improve fitness. experts recommend that adults try to do moderate activity for at least 2 hours a week. or they can do vigorous activity for at least 1 hours a week. people can choose to do one or both types of activity. and it's fine to be active in blocks of minutes or more throughout the day and week. teens and children starting at age should do moderate to vigorous activity at least hour every day. moderate activity is safe for most people, but it's always a good idea to talk to your doctor before starting an exercise program. emedicinehealth medical reference from healthwise to learn more visit healthwise.org find out what women really need. pill identifier on rxlist - quick, easy, find a local pharmacy - including hour, pharmacies
__label__non_math	1.0000	type diabetes: living with the disease cont. in this article type diabetes requires daily attention to diet, exercise, and insulin. you may have times when this job feels overwhelming, but taking good care of yourself will help you will feel better, have a better quality of life, and prevent or delay complications from diabetes. eat well and count carbohydrate grams follow one of these meal-planning methods to help you eat a healthful diet and spread carbohydrate through the day. this will help prevent high blood sugar levels after meals. for more information, see: focus on the type of carbohydrate as well as the amount. this might help you stay at your target blood sugar level. foods with a low glycemic index gi may help prevent spikes in blood sugar. it is not yet known if these foods help prevent complications. low glycemic foods do not raise blood sugar as quickly as high glycemic foods. foods with a low gi include high-fiber whole grains, lentils, and beans. high gi foods include potatoes and white bread. using fat replacers nonfat substances that act like fat in a food may seem like a good idea, but talk with a registered dietitian before you do. some people may eat more food, and therefore more calories, if they know a food contains a fat replacer. make sure you know how to give yourself insulin. try to do at least 2 hours a week of moderate activity. one way to do this is to be active minutes a day, at least days a week. be sure to exercise safely. drink plenty of water before, during, and after you are active. this is very important when it's hot out and when you do intense exercise. it may help to keep track of your exercise on an activity log what is a pdf document? . monitor your blood sugar checking your blood sugar level is a major part of controlling your blood sugar level and keeping it in a target range you set with your doctor. for more information, see the topic continuous glucose monitoring or see: handle high and low blood sugar levels be sure you: control your blood pressure and cholesterol limit your alcohol intake to no more than drinks a day for men and drink a day for women none if you are pregnant . discuss with your doctor whether you should drink alcohol. ask if a daily aspirin is right for you talk to your doctor about whether you should take low-dose aspirin. daily low-dose aspirin milligrams may help prevent heart problems if you are at risk for heart attack or stroke. people with diabetes are to times more likely than people who don't have diabetes to die from heart and blood vessel diseases. deal with your feelings a chronic illness creates major change in your life. you may need to grieve the loss of your earlier life from time to time. also, you may feel resentful, deprived, or angry about having to pay attention to what and how much you eat. for more information, see: protect your feet daily foot care can prevent serious problems. foot problems caused by diabetes are the most common cause of amputations. for more information, see: learn more about diabetes diabetes is a complex disease and there is a lot to learn, such as: emedicinehealth medical reference from healthwise to learn more visit healthwise.org find out what women really need. pill identifier on rxlist - quick, easy, find a local pharmacy - including hour, pharmacies
__label__non_math	1.0000	tools services use emedtv's tools and services to receive up-to-date health information, tips, answers, and more. stay up-to-date on the health topics that interest you. sign up now for our free healthsavvy service. sign up to receive tips by email on a variety of topics that you choose. sign up to be notified whenever our experts answer a question about a topic that you are interested in. browse our database of over ,000 names to create baby names you can share with your family and friends. enter your height and weight to get your bmi and what it means for you and your health. emedtv symptoms a-z chronic fatigue - dry eyes this page contains links to emedtv symptoms containing information on subjects from chronic fatigue to dry eyes. the information is organized alphabetically; the "favorite articles" contains the top articles on this page. links in the box will take you directly to the articles; those same links are available with a short description further down the page. descriptions of symptoms - chronic fatigue chronic fatigue refers to symptoms of exhaustion or lack of energy that last for more than six months. this emedtv page discusses this lack of energy in detail and offers information on possible causes and treatment options. - constipation health channel home at one time or another, almost everyone experiences constipation -- the passage of small amounts of hard, dry bowel movements. this emedtv channel offers articles on the causes, symptoms, diagnosis, and treatment of constipation. - constipation overview article constipation is a condition characterized by difficult or infrequent bowel movements and hard, dry stool. this emedtv segment provides a complete overview of constipation, including information on its causes, symptoms, and treatment options. - diarrhea health channel home diarrhea is a condition in which a person has loose, watery stools. this section of the emedtv website describes the causes and symptoms of diarrhea in adults and children and explains how the condition is treated. - diarrhea overview article diarrhea is a symptom in which watery, loose stools occur more than three times a day. this emedtv article presents an overview of diarrhea, including details about its possible causes, how it may lead to dehydration, and when to see a doctor for it. - dry eyes the information presented in this emedtv article includes suggestions for dry eye relief in both mild and severe cases. suggestions range from avoiding sources of irritation to artificial tears and eye ointment to surgery.
__label__non_math	0.9997	emergeo fusionpoint delivers a single unified view of critical data to those who need it - regardless of what information systems they have invested in. helping responders protect people, property and the environment is our goal. view a brochure. view a video of fusionpoint's use during a us-canada cross border interoperability study. emergeo provides more than just a gis system our unique managed common operating picture mcop technology, based on open standards, provides reliable world-class risk management technology and professional services that are proven effective in helping government and industry to mitigate, prepare for, respond to and recover from emergencies, natural disasters, acts of terrorism, and planned events.
__label__non_math	1.0000	look for an advisor or staff member of office of international students. you can make appointment with the advisors for academic advising, immigration matter and other related international aspects through appointment plus. immigration technology specialist international student advisor international student advisor program coordinator
__label__non_math	0.9999	peace and democracy are predominant themes of middle east week during the week of february 11th, emmanuel welcomed two activist scholars of middle eastern affairs for middle east week at the college. dr. sadik al-azm and dr. ron pundak spoke on topics related to "the changing middle east: will it bring democracy and peace?" on tuesday, february 12th, dr. sadik al-azm discussed "civil society and the arab spring" in the janet m. daley library lecture hall. al-azm spoke of the "quasi-consensus" of the modern notions of a civil society in the middle east, ideas of which began to formulate in the mid-1980s. "the most important ideas being the primacy of citizenship, some respect for human rights, something of an independent judiciary, and a more attentive attitude to things like civil rights and civil liberties," al-azm said. however, these ideas were not put into practice until the short-lived, but ill-fated, damascus spring of , which al-azm called "a prelude and a dress rehearsal for what we see now as the arab spring and the popular movements that have arisen, the values, demands and slogans that we have heard in the various tahrir squares." al-azm described the arab spring movement as the finest hour of the various youth arab civil societies, as the masses defeated the dynastic principle of arab presidents passing power to their offspring in favor of the more democratic principle of the electoral circulation of power. he noted that the traditional slogans and demands of arab nationalism gave way to more typical aspirations of a civil society-freedom, rights, dignity, integrity, plurality, democracy, transparency and equality. also remarkable for what al-azm called "conservative societies and prudish cities," was the participation of women and the presence of children, as well as the innovative types of art and expression, from music and dancing to satirical cartoons and critical graffiti. while many academics continue to look to the past for middle-eastern models of civil society, al-azm stressed the importance of starting with a clean slate. "the struggle for a functioning civil society in the arab world is neither a restoration of something that was once there, nor an extension of the past, but the instituting of something genuinely new," al-azm said. dr. ron pundak's talk, "five personal stations in one national conflict: can israel and palestine reach peace?" took place on wednesday, february 13th, in the janet m. daley library lecture hall. pundak framed his talk on the palestenian-israeli conflict with stories from his family's personal history-from the jewish diaspora and strong anti-semitic pogroms in the ukraine in that lead to his grandparents' eventual migration to denmark, to his father's service for the jewish population in the war of independence, which saw the end of the british empire in the middle east and the birth of israel, all the way to pundak's involvement in the oslo peace process in . the ongoing israeli-palestinian conflict over territories, borders and the mutual recognition between two national movements in the years since oslo have seen both good and bad prime ministers, pundak noted, some who have wanted peace and some who have not. but is an agreement between the jewish and arabic populations possible? "practically? definitely yes," pundak said, "for each of the core issues, there are practical solutions. the period of ideology, of everything is ours or everything is theirs of the last years is over." pundak said that the conflict needs a courageous leader on the israeli side, noting that while prime minister benjamin netanyahu is not against peace, the most that he will offer to the palestinians will not meet their basic demands. he called palestinian president mahmoud abbas "an honest, straightforward man of peace" and "the best palestinian leader we can have." "we have all the ingredients for peace," pundak said, hoping that a third party, specifically u.s. president barack obama during his trip to israel in march, will be the agent for change that the two states need. on thursday, february 14th, faculty were invited to a luncheon with the speakers, during which there was an active interchange of ideas on two themes: the momentous arab spring and the burst of energy on the streets of the arab world demanding democracy, as well as the possible future of syria; and the needs and challenges to reaching a final resolution of the palestinian-israeli conflict. dr. al-azm and dr. pundak were also invited to visit emmanuel classes during the week to discuss such subjects as negotiation techniques in the palestinian-israeli conflict, the growth of arab nationalism under the ottoman empire and the novels of nobel laureate naguib mahfouz. dr. sadik al-azm is one of the most important scholars, human rights proponents and civil society activists in the middle east today. he is currently a member of the political opposition to president hafez al-assad, the national coalition of syrian revolutionary and opposition forces. dr. ron pundak played a decisive role in the oslo peace process, first in helping to create the secret track of the unofficial negotiations at the beginning of and later as a member of the official negotiating team. he is currently co-chair of the palestinian-israeli peace ngo forum. middle east week was supported by funds from oneworld boston, an affiliate of the cummings foundation.
__label__non_math	0.9986	save jobs searches, upload your cv keep up to date on future opportunities... a covering letter can act as the introduction to your cv and be used to highlight your key strengths relevant to the job. include a brief description of the type of work you are looking for e.g. temporary contract or permanent; full or part time; and the locations in which you are willing to work. if you have studied, try to relate the skills you developed during your academic history to the employers needs. covering letters can save you from having to rewrite your cv each time you want to target your application to a specific advertisement or type of job. start with a brief profile of yourself: who you are, your key skills and achievements, and personal attributes. then include a brief overview of your skills, experience, and any related achievements. bullet points are good. then detail your employment history, this should be listed in order of your present or most recent job first. if you have only worked for one company, break the job down into the different positions you have held or the different projects you have dealt with. for each position describe the work undertaken, duties and responsibilities you have had. remember to include achievements not just tasks. this page should also contain your personal details i.e. name, contact details. after your employment history, include a summary of your educational and professional qualifications and any other achievements that are relevant. finally, give two referees, including their professional title and contact details. at least one of these should be work related, but academic and character referees are also acceptable. celebrating years of margaret hodge
__label__non_math	1.0000	your privacy is guaranteed. we will never give out, lease, or sell your personal information. employmentcrossing - job aggregation and private job-opening research service the most quality jobs anywhere employmentcrossing is the first job consolidation service in the employment industry to seek to include every job that exists and not charge employers to post jobs on its site. employmentcrossing uses sophisticated technology and manual work to comb employer websites and other job boards for jobs and bring them all to its site.
__label__math	0.6232	all employers need to have a consultation period to avoid an employment law claim. this period is for you to consult with the affected employees about the redundancy scenario. for employers making over employees redundant there are statutory rules about the length and type of consultation. the consultation period for redundancy should be commenced at an early stage. some employers seem to think that consultation is a waste of time. it shouldn't be: you can use this period to properly consider alternatives to compulsory redundancy. the fewer the number of compulsory redundancies the less of an effect it will have on the remaining staff. you could consider alternative roles for some employees - a different place of work or re-training. if you offer an employee an alternative role, he or she is entitled to a week trial period in the new job which can be extended to months by mutual agreement . you can also discuss the possibility of job sharing or reduced hours, although this must be by agreement with the employee. alternatively, you can consider if you could cut costs in other ways, such as a recruitment freeze or offering unpaid sabbaticals. in addition voluntary redundancy and early retirement could be considered. if, following the consultation, you still need to make compulsory redundancies then you need to follow an appropriate dismissal procedure by having a good understanding of employment law.
__label__non_math	0.9995	herbo flora products herbo flora fruit aloe gel the herbo flora fruit aloe gel consists of natural aloe mixed with mixture of papaya and orange fruit extracts, which provide antioxidants, essential vitamins and minerals to the face. the herbo flora fruit aloe gel is highly suitable for oily skin and is available in packages of 150 gms and gms. the herbo flora ... herbo flora fairness gel herbo flora fairness gel is based on a unique formulation consisting of aloe vera and saffron. these are based on precise natural formula that is devoid of any kind of harmful chemicals or bleaching agents. this makes herbo flora fairness gel suitable for all skin types and gentle enough to be used on daily basis. ... herbo flora cucumber cool gel herbo flora cucumber cool gel herbo flora cucumber cool gel improves the skin texture and quality. herbo flora cucumber cool gel reduces blackheads, pimples and fine age lines. dry skin regains moisture and blood flow improves. herbo flora cucumber cool gel reduces excess oil from oily skin and give moisture to dry skin. herbo flora ... herbo flora pure aloe gel herbo flora pure aloe gel has been extracted from fresh aloe vera plants. the aloe is a popular houseplant, which has been used since, ancient times due to its multi-purpose remedial and medicinal properties. aloe vera s thick leaves contain the valuable bio-active compounds, which are well proven to be beneficial in a large number of ... herbo flora products - beauty and health products shipped worldwide herbo flora products beauty products usually ships within days transit time of herbo flora products is to days indian products online shopping mall place your order in emporium on net express shipping emporiumonnet.com is an online e-shopping mall. we are your personal buying agent in india for best beauty and health products range online for worldwide customers and one of the fastest growing online store. buy herbo flora products products online in emporiumonnet store. purchase herbo flora products at low price online.in our e-commerce online stores we have listed the best selling products of top indian brands at low prices. browse the online stores in this shopping cart to get the products items at competitive pricing. shop for yourself, or order as a gift. shipped to any place worldwide international express shipping available. our shopping carts e-shop is one of the best customer friendly. your online purchase transaction is secure. the payment gateway for our stores online is provided by paypal and visa master credit cards are accepted. you can assure the best online deals. buy herbo flora products from online shopping mall internet store from india. we ship to following countries : afghanistan, australia, austria, bahrain, bangladesh, barbados, belarus, bermuda, bhutan, botswana, brunei darussalam, bulgaria, canada, cayman islands, cambodia, china, cuba, cyprus, egypt, eritrea, estonia, ethiopia, fiji, france, georgia, germany, ghana, greece, hong kong, hungary, iceland, india, ireland, israel, italy, japan, jordan, kenya, korea, latvia, macao china , malaysia, mauritius, malawi, mongolia, morocco, namibia, nauru, nepal, netherlands, new zealand, oman, pakistan, philippines, poland, portugal, qatar, romania, russia, senegal, singapore, south africa, spain, sudan, switzerland, taiwan, tanzania, thailand, turkey, united arab emirates, ukraine, united kingdom, u.s.a., vietnam other countries, please contact us: email herbo flora products products buy online. shipping worldwide. where to buy beauty and health products? find it on emporiumonnet.com get best deals online great prices
__label__non_math	1.0000	the ismp medication errors reporting program merp is operated by the institute for safe medication practices. it's a confidential national voluntary reporting program that provides expert analysis of the causes of medication errors and offers recommendations for error prevention to regulatory agencies and manufacturers. without reporting, such events may go unrecognized. errors include but are not limited to administering the wrong drug, strength, or dose of medications; confusing drugs with similar names or labels; misuse of medical equipment; and errors in prescribing, dispensing, and monitoring medications. consumers can submit reports and associated materials in confidence. with the patient s permission, reports will be forwarded to the food and drug administration, and the manufacturer to inform them about improper pharmaceutical labeling, packaging, and other issues that may cause errors. the reporter is never identified in case studies and ismp always respects reporters' wishes as to the level of detail included in publications. please do not submit any patient identifiable information within the form such as your name, social security number, or address when forwarding medication error reports to ismp. the electronic report form on their website is easy to complete. once a patient completes and submits a report it will be housed in a secure database and ismp nurse and pharmacist analysts will be notified within -hours of a submission. they'll review the form and, if the reporter provides an e-mail address or telephone number, analysts will call or email if any necessary follow up information is needed. please follow the link below to report to ismp: medwatch is the food and drug administration's fda program for reporting serious reactions, product quality problems, therapeutic failure, and product use errors with human medical products, such as drugs and medical devices. if patients have experienced a serious reaction to a medical product, they are encouraged to take the reporting form to their doctor. health care providers can provide clinical information based on the patient s medical record that can help fda evaluate a report. patients may not wish to have the form filled out by a health care provider, or a health care provider may choose not to complete the form since health care providers are not required to report to the fda. in these situations, patients may complete the online reporting form themselves. patients will receive an acknowledgement from fda after a report is received and will be contacted only if medwatch needs additional information. general guidance for reporting problems to the fda: report problems with medical devices to the fda: health professionals and consumers may submit reports of device adverse events or product problems to fda via the medwatch program in one of the following ways: - online at: medwatch online reporting form - by telephone at -800-fda- - by fax at -800-fda- - by mail to: medwatch at the fda safety information and adverse event reporting program food and drug administration fishers lane rockville, md search the food and drug administration maude medical device database related fda reporting information for consumers: - report suspected unlawful sale of medical products on the internet - if you need information or if you have questions or comments about a medical product, please call the fda's toll-free information line, -888-info-fda -888-463- press , followed by for information, then: - for dietary supplements, select - for drug products, select - for medical devices, select - for biologics, including human cells, tissues, and cellular and tissue-based products, select
__label__non_math	0.9964	in i was told i had a heart murmur but it was very mild. in i started to have fluttering it this in relations to the murmur or is it something else that i should be concerned and see a cardiologist. i appreciate any input. thank you in advance, all user-generated information on this site is the opinion of its author only and is not a substitute for medical advice or treatment for any medical conditions. members and guests are responsible for their own posts and the potential consequences of those posts detailed in our .
__label__non_math	1.0000	solutions expand in europe and latin america with orange m2m communications washington, d.c. at the mhealth summit in washington, d.c., toronto-based remote health provider ideal life announced that it has chosen orange business services to expand its remote monitoring solutions for wellness and chronic conditions to an international audience. orange will provide seamless machine to machine m2m wireless connectivity for ideal life in europe and latin america, promoting comprehensive remote care to the home and preventing non-critical re-admissions of patients to hospitals. as an established and comprehensive provider of global m2m solutions, orange business services provides us with the perfect platform to deliver our remote health monitoring services to a greater number of caregivers and insurance providers from around the world, said harvey goldberg, ceo of ideal life. for healthcare enterprises in these regions, our expanded services will lead to better regulatory compliance, improve their migration to electronic medical records emr and reduce costs. for patients, we can offer a better quality of life with comprehensive and reliable care to more homes, thereby reducing hospital stays and providing around the clock, non-obtrusive preventive care. ideal life will be offering new medical hubs containing orange sim cards. these hubs will reside in the home, collecting data from a variety of health-related devices, from blood pressure monitors to glucose, oxygen saturation and heart rate meters. once collected, this information is transmitted in real time over the orange network to physicians who can access it using a variety of devices such as tablets, smartphones and traditional pcs. the application can also format the data into a standardized emr, improving compliance with recent legislation requiring such records. technology is the gateway for transforming healthcare and improving quality of life, said thierry zylberberg, executive vice president, orange healthcare, a division dedicated to developing e-health solutions. combining our expertise in e-health with our global m2m solutions, orange is well placed to deliver advanced m-health services to our customers like ideal life, and in turn to their patients, health professionals, caregivers and insurance carriers, with the goal in part to offer patients and their families peace of mind. about orange business services orange business services, the france telecom-orange branch dedicated to b2b services, is a leading global integrator of communications solutions for multinational corporations. with the world s largest, seamless network for voice and data, orange business services reaches 220 countries and territories with local support in 166. offering a comprehensive package of communication services covering cloud computing, enterprise mobility, m2m, security, unified communications, videoconferencing, and broadband, orange business services delivers a best-in-class customer experience across a global landscape. thousands of enterprise customers and .million mobile data users rely on an orange business services international platform for communicating and conducting business. orange business services was awarded three of the telecom industry s highest accolades at the annual world communication awards best global operator, best cloud service and the user s choice award. orange business services is a five-time winner of best global operator. learn more at france telecom-orange is one of the world s leading telecommunications operators with sales of .billion euros for and has 170,000 employees worldwide at . orange is the group s single brand for internet, television and mobile services in the majority of countries where the company operates. france telecom nyse:fte is listed on euronext paris compartment a and on the new york stock exchange. orange and any other orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of orange brand services limited, orange france or france telecom. orange healthcare, new orange technology for healthcare services for more than a decade, orange has gained substantial experience in providing integrated and customer centered technology solutions for health professionals, health providers and patients. this has been done through close collaboration with health professionals and providers ensuring that the technology brings improved quality and efficiency for all. in orange signaled its commitment to the health sector with the creation of orange healthcare, its new health division. on the strength of its position as an integrated services operator, orange has technological know-how to be able to develop solutions which are not only simple, reliable and effective for medical and personal care services, but which also contribute to bringing innovation to patients and an enhanced experience in managing their health and illnesses. new technologies will play an essential role in the modernization and improvement of health care, in the hospital, local clinics and surgeries and in the home. orange can provide the technology to meet the needs of all stakeholders in the health sector professionals, managers and it administrators, patients and public and private health providers. orange has unrivalled access to the resources of the france telecom group with leading edge r d as well as unparalleled commitment to wellness, e-health and improving efficiency and return on e-health technology investment. for more information visit: about ideal life ideal life, the industry leader in remote health management solutions, has created an innovative platform that addresses many of today s most challenging and costly healthcare issues. guided by a medical advisory panel of experts, the ideal life program makes proactive prevention more realistic than ever as it is instrumental in gauging health issues before chronic conditions manifest themselves into acute events. for people managing chronic conditions such as congestive heart failure, hypertension, diabetes, asthma or obesity, ideal life provides relevant, real-time, reliable and actionable data from a person either at home or while on the go. it delivers interactive, personalized communication to incorporate feedback to the knowledge base, allowing individuals to become more engaged and active participants in their own health. the easy-to-use ideal life system utilizes digital, wireless, secure two-way communication, allowing for a more personalized and cost-effective wellness experience. the fda-cleared and hipaa-compliant products have, for example, been proven to reduce congestive heart failure hospital admissions by percent, demonstrating they can significantly reduce healthcare costs. for more information, visit
__label__non_math	0.9501	written by: john lynn the idea of eliminating staff is a really hard one to talk about. often the staff in a medical office becomes a family and so it s really hard to think about losing a staff member in order to pay for the emr. in fact, it s incredibly common for staff in a clinic to fear an emr implementation because they re afraid that their job is in jeopardy. from my experience, it s incredibly rare for any existing staff to lose their job during an emr implementation. there are two main reasons why it s unlikely that someone will lose their job because of an emr implementation. the first is that most healthcare organizations have a natural employee attrition. when this happens the organization can just choose to not replace the departing employee. this is one way to save money on staff without having to actually fire any employees. the second reason that people don t lose their job to the emr is that those people get reassigned to new jobs. for some people this can be nearly as bad as losing a job, but for many it s basically a shift in job responsibilities. this shift can often be welcome since the emr implementation can free them up to do work that they always wanted to do and never were able to do before. the areas of healthcare that i ve seen most affected by an emr implementation is medical records, transcription, billing, and the front desk. we ve already written previously about transcription and emr. the front desk and billing can be affected, but generally stays close to the same from what i ve seen. a lot of this depends a lot on what type of staffing you had before the emr. i have seen some organizations implement an emr and save money on front desk and billing staff. medical records or him if you prefer is usually the most impacted. certainly they still have an important place in the office for things like release of records and other records management functions. they also have to continue to deal with the legacy paper charts. however, their days of finding, organizing and filing charts are over when an emr is put in place. in some cases the chart organizing and finding gets replaced with things like scanning into the emr. in other cases, there isn t as many medical records staff needed. many who are reading this post are probably balking at the idea of eliminating staff being a benefit of an emr implementation. they d no doubt point to the ehr backlash that we see from many doctors who complain that an emr makes them much slower and takes up too much time. this is an important item to consider when evaluating the benefits of an emr in your organization. it s not much of a benefit to save other staff cost if the doctor spends twice as much time per patient. however, on the other side of the coin is those doctors who swear by the efficiency their emr provides them. i ll never forget this older ob gyn i met who told me he would never use an emr. two years later that same ob gyn was proclaiming his love of emr. he described how he wouldn t be able to see nearly as many patients as he did each day without the emr. he acknowledged the slow down that occurred when they first implemented the emr, but once they adapted to the emr workflow they were able to see most patients. no doubt eliminating staff can be a mixed emr benefit basket depending on your unique situation. although, this is true with almost every emr benefit we ll cover in this series. this can be a tremendous benefit of emr or it can also be an expense as you find you need to hire more staff. getting lean with your practice: five tips for improving provider productivity with an ehr one of the major reasons that health care providers resist implementing an electronic health record ehr system is the belief that using it will slow them down, reducing the number of patients they can see and therefore reducing practice revenue. in fact, an ehr that is designed around an efficient workflow can enable providers to work faster and more efficiently. lean methodologies, originally introduced by toyota, have recently been used by health care providers such as massachusetts general hospital, thedacare, and beth israel hospital boston to streamline patient workflow. by understanding and measuring the workflow, health care providers can determine best practices, which will ultimately enable them to achieve the level of efficiency they desire.
__label__non_math	0.9247	i don t believe i have ever heard a classical piece where dynamics were not a central point of the construction of the work. dynamics are critical to the emotional impact that any style of music delivers to its listeners. the difference between loud and soft is perception, and because of this fact, sound can only appear to be loud when there are other elements that are quieter before or after the loud section. this is just like visual art, where the use of shadow and light makes all the difference in one s perception of the piece. let s take nirvana s signature sound to illustrate this point in music. kurt cobain often said they stole their style of soft loud from the pixies. when you hear most nirvana songs, the formula is soft introductions and verses, and then the band goes to on the choruses. there are many prime examples of this technique. take the led zeppelin classic stairway to heaven. the first half of the song is melodic and soft, and the second half blows the roof off. another dynamic tactic is illustrated by kelly clarkson s my life would suck without you, where an instrumental breakdown occurs before the final chorus. that breakdown makes the power of the hook stand out a whole lot more than if the final chorus came in the same way as the previous two. perhaps her producer knows that listeners really do have the attention span of a gnat, and that you have to keep things fresh all the way through a song even if that song is only three minutes long. i recently had a production project where the first song was very strong and loud, and the introduction to the second song was a giant guitar riff, but coming on the heels of the first song, the riff didn t quite have enough power. i did not want to compromise the first song by lowering the apparent level, and there was no way to raise the level of the guitar riff on the second song without the rest of instruments in the song sounding too small. i decided to take the lead and background vocals on the second song s chorus, throw a ton of strange effects on them, and make an interesting sound collage. then, i mixed the collage at a very low level, and tacked it onto the front of the song before the guitar riff. so now, the first track plays loud and proud, and the beginning of track two is this wild soundscape that relates to the song, but is very abstract. by mixing this new section very low, it gave the punch to the guitar riff that we wanted all along, and it also produced a much more interesting intro. the cult of loud in the world of mastering, there is a lot of noise these days about how loud is winning the war over dynamics. the controversy over metallica s death magnetic, and its ear-fatiguing lack of dynamic range caused quite a ruckus with fans and music-industry professionals. people complained the sound was so compressed and pumped up that it became loud for loud s sake, and that there was little to no music left in the music. where is the tension and release when it s all tension? to use the shadow light analogy, the sound they put out was 100 percent light and zero percent shadows, and nobody wants to stare at the color white for too long. i thought the group s decision to present the sound as a flat line with nothing softer or louder than anything else was a desperate move to prove they were strong which i am not denying , but i thought they chose the wrong way to show it. the real proof came in the form of the band s tracks for guitar hero. the mastering for the popular video game was completely different than the band s official release, and the audio quality was heads above the cd. it sounded great making movies for the ears as a musician, you have the power to manipulate a listener s experience with the use of dynamics. don t be shy to use that power, because people do burn out on constant loudness. i mean, why not go all the way, and play every song in the same key and in the same tempo? how about playing just one chord in a song with a melody of one note? you get the idea. creative use of dynamics can have a dramatic effect on your productions. think about how movies use this effect. let s take a thriller as an example. scenes are often built very quietly, and when the big event happens, it s as loud as hell. as a viewer, your senses are picking up on these dynamic shifts, and they provide the big payoff for any climactic scenes. i encourage you to experiment with dynamic range as much as possible, and see where it takes your music. after all, songs should be mini movies.
__label__non_math	0.9940	combining all the functionality of the original xiosynth audio midi controller with an expanded keyboard, novation is now shipping the semiweighted, -key xiosynth . like its smaller sibling, the xiosynth packages 200 onboard patches; artist-created sounds from the likes of ferry corsten and roots manuva ; the xpression pad and pitch mod joystick; and the x-gator -step sequencer, which automatically synchronizes to incoming midi clock. the unit's midi templates are preprogrammed to work with software from apple, cakewalk, native instruments, and others. and because the xiosynth is class-compliant, no drivers are necessary though drivers are provided to improve latency on certain platforms . powered by usb or aa batteries, the xiosynth also features the ability to record with phantom power as well as a hybrid mode that enables simultaneous synthesizing and controlling. a tutorial dvd rounds out the package.
__label__non_math	1.0000	today s goat, the west point cadet finishing at the bottom of his class, is a temporary celebrity among his classmates. but in the 19th century, he was something of a cult figure. custer s contemporaries at the academy believed that the same spirit of adventure that led him to carouse at local taverns motivated his dramatic cavalry attacks in the civil war and afterwards. and the same willingness to accept punishment from academy authorities also sent george pickett into the teeth of the union guns at gettsyburg. the story james s. robbins tells goes from the beginnings of west point through the carnage of the civil war to the grassy bluffs over the little big horn. the goats he profiles tell us much about the soul of the american solider, his daring, imagination and desire to prove himself against high odds.
__label__non_math	0.9995	a slang term for 'bring your own bottle' or 'bring your own booze'. acronym byob or byo is an acronym most commonly meant to stand for "bring your own bottle", "bring your own booze" "bring your own bucket" or "bring your own beer". byob is often placed on an invitation to indicate that the host will not be providing alcohol and that guests are welcome to ... bring your own bottle -or- bring your own beer artist byob is an alternative electronica artist signed to loaded records his first release was a free download and a steve glashier directed video in late of the track prescription . the first proper single best shoes was released in early january , with remixes by qemists and... programming language byob is an open-source early software development learning environment which has inherited scratch s intuitive lego-like software development interface for children and students. new powerful options are however being put in young children s and students hands. such a... disambiguation byob is an open-source early computer language learning environment. byob may also refer to: ... initial bring your own blueprint. 'we're not serving liquor,' on invites 'we're not supplying liquor' abbr. on some invitations brown-bagging letters informal invitation letters informal party request abbr. invitation initials invitation notation ... tip: double click on a word to show its meaning. no exact matches found. typ a word and hit search . the most recent searches on encyclo. between brackets you will find the number of results and number of related results. howie moustache epineustonic myofibrosis gireesh kumar sanghi cystolithectomy lynch operation yves ekwalla herman abd al karm al qays crinicolous lymphostasis conscription multichannel conflict oem battery lead pipe rigidity potocytosis piritramide expressive crowd the weather undergroun jones' hat algebra
__label__non_math	0.9999	don t worry about not mastering the french or chinese mother sauces, you can easily create a creamy and tangy dressing from a few items in your fridge. in an i-need-to-make-dinner-in-minutes attempt last night, i buzzed around mustard, tahini, horseradish, hot sauce, manchego, oil, the slightly-cooled pasta cooking water, salt and pepper for a quick sauce on top of israeli couscous with asparagus, almonds, avocado and green garlic. the sauce turned out really well and i sourced it all from some hidden gems just in my fridge. here are some more ideas on how to get the most from all those jars taking up shelf space. fridge finds for better sauces mustard makes everything better. it adds a creamy texture and a zingy flavor. and just like the new kids on the block, there s a member of the mustard family out there for everyone. we usually keep a dirty aka spicy or brown mustard, a grainy with mustard seeds dijon mustard and have recently purchased the british nose-stinger coleman s. each has a unique flavor that can match lots of cuisines. and i m currently in the market for a super hot chinese mustard suggestions welcome , maybe as a coating for eggplant? my dad is the only person i know that makes veggie-filled hummus on a weekly basis. most people let their sesame paste sit until the next infrequent hummus affair. tahini brings depth and thickness, and almost has a raw nut butter flavor. it plays well with plenty of other items, easily blending into a sauce with lemon and cumin, miso and cilantro, or feta and scallions. it s not just for passover, ya ll. but don t corner it with heavy whipping cream as a steak topping. horseradish brings that intense heat, but also contains enough liquid to help a sauce along. blend it into cream cheese for extra thickness, and of course, mix it with mustard over asparagus and cannellini beans or a summer salad of zucchini, kale and sun gold tomatoes. bonus: use it instead of mayo in deviled eggs. . hot sauce everyone owns a few hot sauces, some insanely hot, given as a gag gift, another with the ubiquitous chipotle smokiness and i m sure a few others. you may be in the frank s redhot camp, or texas pete. right now i m trying out d.l. jardine s texas champagne, a cayenne pepper sauce, but whoever you love, take it out for more than salsa and bloody mary making. add a few drops for heat, for extra moisture, for a little color. . manchego cheese or any hard cheese, really. don t always rely on parm for your grating needs: think of asiago, pecorino, or anything else a local cheese shop could suggest. zest manchego into sauces for added flavor, saltiness and to help bind everything together see . and then of course, grate some more on top of everything.
__label__non_math	0.9977	by ron tribendis, d.c. ec is doing its annual training camp in tucson right now and i'm participating, along with several members of my crew from texas. when i saw this topic come up as our writing point for the month i was excited to share information that s been helpful to me and athletes i ve trained in preparing for camps. in previous articles i ve mentioned that camps are a big part of my training, but i mainly spoke about how much fun they can be. i d like to focus now on how to get the most benefit from a training camp. here is how i approach a camp as an athlete and coach: - the lead in - when i know i have a spring training camp coming up, i focus on preparation. that doesn t mean race ready. you need to ensure that you are fit enough to be able to get a physiological benefit out of the camp rather than just getting tired. to address this, work toward a solid block of training that is consistent across all disciplines. do not be overly concerned about length of sessions, just consistency. this consistency helps to develop durability. in my experience a camp is much more enjoyable when you are durable and healthy going into the week. the final tip during the lead in to a camp is to make sure you freshen up the week before. you are going to shock your system at camp. make sure your glycogen stores are topped off and your body is ready to go. - camp week - the idea of a camp is to take you out of your comfort zone. train full time and push the limits. the biggest advice here: resist the urge to go too hard the first two days, just because you re coming in fresh. set limits for yourself for example, power and hr caps . discipline yourself to chill out the first two days. it is best to pace a camp much like an ironman. build into the week. - post camp - refresh the week after the camp. how do you evaluate the success of a camp? by how quickly you can get back to a normal training week. i learned this the hard way. a few years ago when i got back from epic camp, it took me four weeks to get back to normal -- probably a good sign that i stressed myself too much. post camp week is the time to assimilate back into normal life and let the week of training absorb. remember camp life isn t normal life. you can t be expected to maintain that level of training when you have a job and kids. get caught up on family time and other responsibilities while your body naturally recovers. i hope these tips help you enjoy your training camp and build some quality fitness. train safe. ron tribendis, d.c., is a member of the endurance corner coaching network. he has been competing in triathlons for years, qualifying for kona and the .world championships. he has also coached multiple athletes to kona and clearwater. he currently lives in frisco, tx, where he operates a sports medicine chiropractic clinic, north texas performance chiropractic. he is a usat level coach and active release art full body certified.
__label__math	0.9972	originally posted by wrtner any lr circuit which is driven by an alternating source, will show a trough in its graph of current v. frequency. that frequency will be the most efficient, the resonant frequency; the frequency that the circuit best behaves at. what do you mean? pls elaborate... lr circuits have not resonance. not c component present... how to attain resonance in a signal with lr circuit? and how initial signal frequency can be altered to another output frquency.?
__label__math	0.9633	the energy r evolution the climate change imperative demands nothing short of an energy r evolution. the expert consensus is that this fundamental shift must begin immediately and be well underway within the next ten years in order to avert the worst impacts. what is needed is a complete transformation of the way we produce, consume and distribute energy, while at the same time maintaining economic growth. nothing short of such a revolution will enable us to limit global warming to less than a rise in temperature of celsius, above which the impacts become devastating. current electricity generation relies mainly on burning fossil fuels, with their associated co2 emissions, in very large power stations which waste much of their primary input energy. more energy is lost as the power is moved around the electricity grid network and converted from high transmission voltage down to a supply suitable for domestic or commercial consumers. the system is innately vulnerable to disruption: localised technical, weather-related or even deliberately caused faults can quickly cascade, resulting in widespread blackouts. whichever technology is used to generate electricity within this old fashioned configuration, it will inevitably be subject to some, or all, of these problems. at the core of the energy r evolution there therefore needs to be a change in the way that energy is both produced and distributed. .key principles the energy r evolution can be achieved by adhering to five key principles: .respect natural limits phase out fossil fuels by the end of this century we must learn to respect natural limits. there is only so much carbon that the atmosphere can absorb. each year humans emit over billion tonnes of carbon equivalent; we are literally filling up the sky. geological resources of coal could provide several hundred years of fuel, but we cannot burn them and keep within safe limits. oil and coal development must be ended. the global energy r evolution scenario has a target to reduce energy related co2 emissions to a maximum of gigatonnes gt by and phase out fossil fuels by . .equity and fairness as long as there are natural limits there needs to be a fair distribution of benefits and costs within societies, between nations and between present and future generations. at one extreme, a third of the world s population has no access to electricity, whilst the most industrialised countries consume much more than their fair share. the effects of climate change on the poorest communities are exacerbated by massive global energy inequality. if we are to address climate change, one of the core principles must be equity and fairness, so that the benefits of energy services such as light, heat, power and transport are available for all: north and south, rich and poor. only in this way can we create true energy security, as well as the conditions for genuine human wellbeing. the advanced energy r evolution scenario has a target to achieve energy equity as soon as technically possible. by the average per capita emission should be between and tonnes of co2. .implement clean, renewable solutions and decentralise energy systems. there is no energy shortage. all we need to do is use existing technologies to harness energy effectively and efficiently. renewable energy and energy efficiency measures are ready, viable and increasingly competitive. wind, solar and other renewable energy technologies have experienced double digit market growth for the past decade. just as climate change is real, so is the renewable energy sector. sustainable decentralised energy systems produce less carbon emissions, are cheaper and involve less dependence on imported fuel. they create more jobs and empower local communities. decentralised systems are more secure and more efficient. this is what the energy r evolution must aim to create. to stop the earth s climate spinning out of control, most of the world s fossil fuel reserves coal, oil and gas must remain in the ground. our goal is for humans to live within the natural limits of our small planet. .decouple growth from fossil fuel use starting in the developed countries, economic growth must be fully decoupled from fossil fuel usage. it is a fallacy to suggest that economic growth must be predicated on their increased combustion. we need to use the energy we produce much more efficiently, and we need to make the transition to renewable energy and away from fossil fuels quickly in order to enable clean and sustainable growth. .phase out dirty, unsustainable energywe need to phase out coal and nuclear power. we cannot continue to build coal plants at a time when emissions pose a real and present danger to both ecosystems and people. and we cannot continue to fuel the myriad nuclear threats by pretending nuclear power can in any way help to combat climate change. there is no role for nuclear power in the energy r evolution.
__label__non_math	0.9919	energy globe award nations at energy globe world award gala in wels traunkirchen wels fifty nations from around the world will be coming to the energy city of wels on november for the world energy globe award gala to be honored for their outstanding achievements for the environment. as with the olympic games with its many disciplines and a common goal, our participants want to be there and to help to keep our planet viable, energy globe founder wolfgang neumann shares as he looks forward to the energy globe highlight, which is being anticipated nationally and internationally with excitement. in the afternoon the energy globe national awards will be presented to some nations in the realm of a festive ceremony. on that evening the international energy globe awards will be presented in the five categories earth, fire, water, air and youth at a gala ceremony. from among the category winners, the audience will then vote for the energy globe world award. star moderator arabella kiesbauer will guide the audience and tv viewers through the evening. high ranking laudatory speakers will present the awards: austrian federal minister for economy and energy dr. reinhold mitterlehner, energy globe jury head maneka gandhi, australian attorney and bush heritage australia board member leanne liddle, former head of the world bank inspection panel prof. eduard ayensu of ghana, green investment banker, founder and ceo of starise investment hong nguyen, and head of safeamerica foundation len pagano. we heartily welcome the press and tv to the date: november location: new expo center messezentrum neu , wels honoring of national winners from some nations: , foyer upstairs press conference with laudatory speakers: , upstairs world energy globe gala: register by november: energy globe, mag. cornelia kirchweger, t: , firstname.lastname the projects nominated in the five categories are diverse and unique. the range extends from a climate-friendly supermarket chain to a swedish harbor where ships refuel with clean energy, from an energy storage system for an apartment complex in canada that is unique worldwide, to a cooperative energy production project for senegalese villages, to a biogas project used in kenya for hotels and industry. other projects include interactive radio for farmers in nigeria to exchange important information about sustainable farming, a self-sufficient smart building in the united arab emirates, a passive solar house in the permafrost region of russia, water supply projects in nepal and nicaragua, a water purification project in rwanda that provides women with income, and exciting youth projects in zambia, ghana and the usa. read all about this year's nominees, here you find some project photos. energy globe founder wolfgang neumann summarizes: the bundled forces of energy efficiency will be meeting at this gala in wels. it is unbelievable what is happening worldwide. the energy globe awards demonstrate what we can achieve together. the projects of this year s winners of the energy globe award and the awards ceremony will be produced as a tv documentary and broadcast worldwide.
__label__non_math	1.0000	send to a friend the ei has teamed up with expert alumni to help further leverage the know-how and expertise of our members. a number of industry experts are retiring which leads to critical expertise being in short supply. as such, expert alumni has developed highly specialised tools, processes and services to help client companies assess, understand and manage the potential impact that a material loss of experience has on their organisation. as expert alumni members, individuals can benefit from carefully selected work opportunities as well as an increasing array of other important features the expert alumni service offers. to register for expert alumni service there is no cost involved for ei members please click here. please quote the referral code 'energyinst' when registering to become an expert alumni member. please email e: email for further information you can email a friend a link to the page using the form below:all fields are required
__label__non_math	0.9987	honeywell signs major agreement with linde posted: june advanced process modeling solution to improve process calculations, plant design and profitability for linde honeywell has signed a major agreement with linde ag, linde engineering division, for its unisim design suite. linde engineering designs and builds turnkey process plants for a wide variety of industrial users and applications. the unisim design suite enables advanced process modeling and will help linde engineers create steady-state and dynamic models for plant design. linde's engineering division will use the system for process design projects across the world. as part of the contract, honeywell will also enter a joint development program with linde in order to further improve the engineering efficiency. "honeywell's unisim design suite and the joint development program are ideally suited to linde s needs, providing what we believe will be the best in future simulation software for process design of our olefin, hydrogen and synthesis gas plants," said dr. gabriele engl, manager of information systems for process engineering at linde engineering division. "unisim design will allow our engineers to improve process calculations and more easily determine the most economical and reliable plant design." "this is an important vote of confidence for honeywell's unisim design suite and highlights its value to engineering firms and customers who need to optimise process design," said paul orzeske, vice president and general manager for honeywell process solutions emea. "using unisim design suite, honeywell's customers can get better value from their investment in simulation at every step of the plant s lifecycle." "one of the key reasons we chose honeywell was its flexibility in meeting our requirements," said dr. engl. "honeywell provided a strong, experienced team throughout the bidding and evaluation process and proved that it had the support and development infrastructure in place to handle current and future linde needs." unisim design suite is part of honeywell s family of simulation software and engineering services designed to improve performance throughout the lifecycle of a processing plant. based on the hysys intellectual property acquired from aspen technology, unisim design provides a powerful tool to help engineers create optimal process designs based on critical business objectives. using industry-specific unit operation models and powerful tools to optimize operating parameters for feedstock changes, unisim design enables the steady-state and dynamic simulation of oil, gas and refining processes.
__label__non_math	0.9995	have a question? do you have a question for our team? get in touch with us and we will help you with anything you need. we are usually able to answer the same day. ask a question enjoy a complimentary class your first visit is on the house. check out our class schedule and our new-client specials and then come experience your first enerji class. class schedule pricing read our press we have been featured by locale magazine, 944, live oc, the oc register, greers oc, and more. find out why so many people love enerji fitness.
__label__non_math	0.9999	first came the gejbox , then came connected , and now the dsm-330 divx connected hd media player is checking in as the final version of divx's first foray into the hardware realm. hooking up with d-link , divx has announced its first piece of kit designed to "enable the seamless streaming of media from digital devices directly to the television set." additionally, the divx connected platform -- which includes built-in support for the stage6 divx video service -- will indeed be open, thus allowing "consumers to access media content and services from the pc and internet through a range of consumer electronics devices." reportedly, the device is slated to hit the uk , france, and germany in q4 of this year, but details surrounding a pricetag and availability for the rest of us remain undisclosed.
__label__non_math	1.0000	phew. talk about a whirlwind of high-def announcements this week. no sooner did directv trumpet its march to 130 hd channels did dish network hit back with a nice round 150 figure. cablevision tried its best to garner some attention with a boastful press release to celebrate the big six-o, but it's clear who the two hd leaders in america are now with verizon breathing down their necks in a few 'hoods . that being said, are you finally getting the itch to throw caution to the wind and toss a dish upside your house? are you really ready to say goodbye to those cable company bundle discounts? and if 130 150 isn't enough, what milestone will the satcasters have to reach before you cave? image courtesy of wikimedia
__label__non_math	0.9993	engage mutual would like to place cookies on your computer to help improve our web site and improve our advertising effectiveness. one of the cookies we use is essential for parts of the site to operate and has already been set. you may delete and block all cookies from this site, but parts of the site will not work. to find out more about the cookies, see our you must tick the 'i accept cookies from this site' box to accept. i accept cookies from this site. engage mutual services limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of homeowners friendly society limited hfsl . this website is intended for use by uk residents only and does not constitute advice. calls are free from uk landlines only. co-operative legal services limited is authorised and regulated by the solicitors regulation authority under registration number .
__label__non_math	0.9671	pal c dlouh is located on the corner of dlouh and hradebn streets, a strategic location just a few minutes' walk from old town square. you are at the heart of the city, and yet somewhere calm and noble. the seven-story palace thus offers, in addition to commercial space, some apartments and ateliers ranging in size from m ideal for a one-bedroom flat , to a generous 280 m , with the potential for a five-bedroom apartment. most of the units on the upper floors have both terraces and classic balconies. the higher floors also have a view over the roofs of the neighbouring houses to prague castle. naturally, there is also a manned reception and a closed circuit television system for additional security. combining the building s valuable historical features with the needs of modern living and clients demands was the aim with which we approached the renovation of pal c dlouh . the use of shell core finishes provided. the interiors of the building have undergone a complete redevelopment, in which everything has been changed except for the walls that are subject to heritage protection. using the newest materials, the facade and roof have been returned to their splendour of eighty years ago. the entrance to the building serves as a good example of the sensitive way in which architects have balanced the demands of modern requirements and historical preservation. the wooden handrails on the staircase bannisters are original, the windows have been completely renovated, and the unique skylights in the arcade are also original. something that is entirely new, on the other hand, is the atypical indirect lighting and the cladding of the pillars in natural stone. engel v lkers does not accept responsibility as the information provided in this brochure is for information only and it is subject to errors, omissions, change of price or withdrawal without notice. taxes, notary and registry fees must be paid by purchaser, the commission to e v paid by the seller as stipulated by czech regulations.
__label__non_math	0.9820	set in the heart of the prestigious diplomatic quarter on the pest side of the city, this romantic villa is unlike any other in the entire city. there are endless exclusive highlights incorporated throughout the total interior of some ,400 sqm. built between in eclectic style, this fully renovated palais, is surrounded by a garden. the facade is richly decorated with stuccos and building sculptures, with two towers and numerous terraces to encapsulate a magical appearance. two grandiose, exceptionally elegant apartments are located on the ground floor and first floor, respectively, representing an impression of the millennium age. the living reception spaces offer a large central space with soaring ceilings of -,m, decorated with stained glass windows, stucco marble, carved doors and chandeliers. just some of the impressive examples here include grand entrance hallway, the marble bathrooms and a commodious, sqm terrace each. the penthouse suite, with its own private elevator access, occupies a contemporary apartment, which has been finished to the highest specifications. six bedrooms all with air-conditioning, a roof top garden, terrace, tower rooms and fireplace are part and parcel of this luxurious penthouse apartment. the basement, accessible by a separate entrance from the garden, consists of full premises with large windows opening onto the garden, allowing natural sunlight and fresh air. it is characterized by a stylish interior. the building is equipped with exterior lighting and an extensive security system, connected to a monitoring service. basement: 320m2, ground floor: 300 m2, first floor: 300 m2, attic on two levels: 400 m2, others: terraces , stairways m2 total: m2 rental fee: ,000 the property occupies a very central location and makes a wonderful addition to the historic buildings in the neighborhood of the property. sky ingatlank zvet t kft. s el soci llicenciatari de e v master c.e. zrt.
__label__non_math	1.0000	films cinema, music songs--past present. i like super junior to hear his singing someday how about you? - posts: - joined: wed - status: english learner return to music movies who is online users browsing this forum: no registered users and guest
__label__non_math	0.9999	irish funding fertilises malawian tree project malawi has begun its four-year 'fertiliser trees' project to reduce the reliance of subsistence farmers on expensive fertilisers. the agro-forestry food security programme has received million us .million in funds from the government of ireland and commenced last month september to coincide with the rainy season. under the programme, farmers are being encouraged to plant particular shrubs with their crops to improve the soil through nitrogen fixation. france gondwe, of the world agroforestry centre in lilongwe, malawi, said the project is scaling up a farming practice that over 100,000 malawian farmers had been using for the last ten years. icraf has allocated the irish funding to key national partners in the programme, including malawi's ministry of agriculture, department of forestry, and bunda college of agriculture, a constituent college of the university of malawi and mzuzu university. these partners are mobilising and training farmers on care of seeds and seedlings, and how to establish and manage nurseries, said festus akinnifesi, malawi representative of icraf southern africa.gliricidia sepium, one of the trees used in the project akinnifesi said the programme is using tens of tonnes of tree seeds procured by the forestry research institute of malawi and the department of land resource conservation centre.the project will operate in eight districts: karonga, mzimba, ntchisi, salima, ntcheu, machinga, mulanje and chikwawa.
__label__non_math	1.0000	it absolutely makes me crazy when i hear some of my peers discussing how they are "putting the clamps" on their employees being able to use facebook and youtube at work. they act as if they are doing their organizations a public service by stopping their employees from "wasting their time" while at work. looking at social media as a frivolous activity is shortsighted for many reasons. first of all, many younger workers have a very different view of work than we baby boomers do i'm years old so i am on the tail end of this generation . we were taught that work was work and that you lived your life once you left the office. today's new workforce has a different and healthier view of work life balance. they want to work in an environment where they can bring their whole selves to work and where there are not artificial barriers constructed between what they can do in their work lives and what they can do in their personal lives. the lines have blurred and we can either embrace that or fight it but it is a losing battle. secondly, looking at social media as "fun and games" is very shortsighted. think about how much money marketing departments used to invest in focus groups to learn more about what the consumers of their companies' products and services thought about them. social media creates the opportunity for access to an unlimited and unbiased focus group -- all of your actual consumers. you can directly interact with your customers to learn what they like and dislike about doing business with you and what products and services they would like to see you create to serve their needs. in terms of customer service, you can learn real-time about negative trends and product problems, and communicate broadly your plans to address them. you can learn what people are saying about your organization and have a voice in this dialogue. what could be more business-focused than that? also, social media is how people interact today. we provide opportunities to play in organized tennis events. one of the best ways to attract new players is to let them know that their friends and colleagues are already enjoying our leagues and tournaments. after all, like-minded people want to hang out and be active with their friends, and social media provides an opportunity to keep their friends abreast of what activities they are enjoying and participating in. thinking that social media is a kid's game is also a mistake. studies show the average facebook client is a -year-old woman social media is not a toy. it is not a waste of time. it is a proven opportunity to engage with the people you are trying to influence in a non-threatening way that they are comfortable with. we can either be a part of their world or wonder why they aren't becoming a part of ours.
__label__non_math	0.8740	the k h lectro kennel " x " heated pad is constructed of rugged abs plastic with a steel wrapped cord, the lectro-kennel can lie flat on the doghouse floor or be attached to the wall. an internal thermostat keeps the temperature at a desirable 100 degrees when in use. the lectro-kennel also comes with a free removable, washable fleece cover. foot abrasion-proof cord ideal whelping pad when used with optional lectro-temp control thermostatically controlled to keep the pad within your pet's body temperature range high-impact abs plastic makes pad durable, easy to clean and water resistant
__label__non_math	1.0000	- all genres - theatre shows - days out this event has been and gone catch the next one: check out the info below for future tour dates, and track them to receive alerts when they tour near you the prince and the pauper set in a tudor london so vibrant you can smell the potato-peelings, poor tom canty has a chance meeting with the young heir to the throne, prince edward and by pure coincidence they find they look almost identical. mark twain's classic tale of confused identities tells the story of what happens when the one is mistaken for the other: tom canty is forced into the world of the court and power, while edward is cast down into a world of poverty and thieves, from which he must fight his way back to the court. part traditional and part fantastical, a riotous show for all the family this christmas. suitable for ages and up and for all the family. track this event - event has been added to your calendar - any important updates will be sent to your email address - add to your personal ents24 calendar - sync with ical, outlook and others - receive important updates venue: unicorn theatre 147 tooley street se1 2hz ., -. london bridge min walk london bridge min walk tower hill min walk tower gateway min walk
__label__non_math	0.7865	hold the salt: ucla engineers develop revolutionary new desalination membrane process uses atmospheric pressure plasma to create filtering 'brush layer' desalination can become more economical and used as a viable alternate water resource. by wileen wong kromhout originally published in ucla newsroom researchers from the ucla henry samueli school of engineering and applied science have unveiled a new class of reverse-osmosis membranes for desalination that resist the clogging which typically occurs when seawater, brackish water and waste water are purified. the highly permeable, surface-structured membrane can easily be incorporated into today's commercial production system, the researchers say, and could help to significantly reduce desalination operating costs. their findings appear in the current issue of the journal of materials chemistry. reverse-osmosis ro desalination uses high pressure to force polluted water through the pores of a membrane. while water molecules pass through the pores, mineral salt ions, bacteria and other impurities cannot. over time, these particles build up on the membrane's surface, leading to clogging and membrane damage. this scaling and fouling places higher energy demands on the pumping system and necessitates costly cleanup and membrane replacement. the new ucla membrane's novel surface topography and chemistry allow it to avoid such drawbacks. "besides possessing high water permeability, the new membrane also shows high rejection characteristics and long-term stability," said nancy h. lin, a ucla engineering senior researcher and the study's lead author. "structuring the membrane surface does not require a long reaction time, high reaction temperature or the use of a vacuum chamber. the anti-scaling property, which can increase membrane life and decrease operational costs, is superior to existing commercial membranes." the new membrane was synthesized through a three-step process. first, researchers synthesized a polyamide thin-film composite membrane using conventional interfacial polymerization. next, they activated the polyamide surface with atmospheric pressure plasma to create active sites on the surface. finally, these active sites were used to initiate a graft polymerization reaction with a monomer solution to create a polymer "brush layer" on the polyamide surface. this graft polymerization is carried out for a specific period of time at a specific temperature in order to control the brush layer thickness and topography. "in the early years, surface plasma treatment could only be accomplished in a vacuum chamber," said yoram cohen, ucla professor of chemical and biomolecular engineering and a corresponding author of the study. "it wasn't practical for large-scale commercialization because thousands of meters of membranes could not be synthesized in a vacuum chamber. it's too costly. but now, with the advent of atmospheric pressure plasma, we don't even need to initiate the reaction chemically. it's as simple as brushing the surface with plasma, and it can be done for almost any surface." in this new membrane, the polymer chains of the tethered brush layer are in constant motion. the chains are chemically anchored to the surface and are thus more thermally stable, relative to physically coated polymer films. water flow also adds to the brush layer's movement, making it extremely difficult for bacteria and other colloidal matter to anchor to the surface of the membrane. "if you've ever snorkeled, you'll know that sea kelp move back and forth with the current or water flow," cohen said. "so imagine that you have this varied structure with continuous movement. protein or bacteria need to be able to anchor to multiple spots on the membrane to attach themselves to the surface a task which is extremely difficult to attain due to the constant motion of the brush layer. the polymer chains protect and screen the membrane surface underneath." another factor in preventing adhesion is the surface charge of the membrane. cohen's team is able to choose the chemistry of the brush layer to impart the desired surface charge, enabling the membrane to repel molecules of an opposite charge. the team's next step is to expand the membrane synthesis into a much larger, continuous process and to optimize the new membrane's performance for different water sources. "we want to be able to narrow down and create a membrane selection system for different water sources that have different fouling tendencies," lin said. "with such knowledge, one can optimize the membrane surface properties with different polymer brush layers to delay or prevent the onset of membrane fouling and scaling. "the cost of desalination will therefore decrease when we reduce the cost of chemicals used for membrane cleaning , as well as process operation for membrane replacement . desalination can become more economical and used as a viable alternate water resource." cohen's team, in collaboration with the ucla water technology research water center, is currently carrying out specific studies to test the performance of the new membrane's fouling properties under field conditions. "we work directly with industry and water agencies on everything that we're doing here in water technology," cohen said. "the reason for this is simple: if we are to accelerate the transfer of knowledge technology from the university to the real world, where those solutions are needed, we have to make sure we address the real issues. this also provides our students with a tremendous opportunity to work with industry, government and local agencies." a paper providing a preliminary introduction to the new membrane also appeared in the journal of membrane science last month. published: thursday,
__label__non_math	0.9998	the human liver has over 500 different functions in the body. therefore, it is a basic player in the natural health of our entire organism. viruses, toxins, bacteria and other issues are constantly being defended by the liver; however, sometimes it fails because of the accumulation of too much poison. detoxifying your liver is not so complicated. all you need to do is change your diet, so as to have again that healthy body you ve always loved. in case you re having consistent headaches, sore and dry skin, muscular pain or indigestion, then it may be a sign that it s time to detoxify. fluids, the number one piece of the puzzle, feature the basic start of a natural liver detoxification. water, lemon juice and natural tea are what a nutritionist will recommend to anyone who wants and needs to clean their liver. the very next step is accumulating vitamins and proteins again. fruits, vegetables and white meat are the main elements that contribute to a brand new body cleaning. make sure that you organize your meal properly as well. eating at sharp hours and drinking more than l of water per day is essential for the revival of your liver. because this organ is so elementary, people should always consider detoxifying at least twice a year. act now and think in the best interest of your body system. consult with a specialist and find out what diet suits you best in order to have a healthy liver again. all in all, it s rather easy to take care of your body. vitamins and proteins are elementary for the health of your liver function. if you wish to feel good again, if you want to have beautiful and shiny skin, make sure you opt for a liver detoxification and you can have again a fit, jolly lifestyle. for more information on detoxification, click here
__label__non_math	0.9976	- product features improved ry series contains full rectification on each string for even brightness throughout your installation. requires c05065ry-w power cord. see documentation tab for details. - 5mm conical wide angle bulb shape. - warm white. - white wire. - feet long, with inches between lights and inches between the last light and the end of string. - leds per string. - 120 volts ac. - linkable up to strings on one plug. - very energy-efficient; only .watts per string - beautiful, elegant and tough. - length from top of the green or white cuff of the bulb holder to tip of the in.; length from the end of the molded bulb holder to the tip of the in. - code-conforming for pro installations; heavy -gauge wire. - strings connect to the power cord, x-taps and other strings sold separately using screw-on weather-proof connectors with compression fittings employing a rubber seal to keep out moisture. - low maintenance. - up to 100,000 hour bulb life. - vapor-proof enclosure eliminates corrosion: bulbs are integrally connected with the socket and are not replaceable. this construction is more reliable than screw-in bulbs, especially in corrosive environments such as coastal areas where salt spray is present. - dims well on the dimmers listed as companion parts. - lead was not used in the making of this product; however, there is a chance that the product you receive will not be labeled rohs reduction of hazardous substances because it was manufactured before we began labeling our christmas lights rohs. also, the product may bear a california prop warning that is not required due to an abundance of caution by the manufacturer. we will not accept returns of this product merely because of the lack of a rohs label or the presence of a prop warning. if you require a rohs designation, we have many products so labeled, either on the packaging or the product itself. - year seasonal use limited warranty. this commercial grade system has been hugely popular because of its ruggedness and durability. please be sure to buy enough accessories to complete your job wide-angle mini-lights are extremely popular. the optics of the prism achieve great light dispersion from a small package. this is one of our best selling bulb shapes. the commercial-grade line is favored by cities, towns, businesses and homeowners with larger led light string installations. this is a top-of-the line system, capable of high performance on long run lengths, tough environmental conditions and able to stand up to abuse. increasingly popular due to its high quality, the commercial line of led light strings saves money, electricity and looks beautiful. use outdoors to enhance buildings, walkways, patios and foliage. use indoors to decorate in bars, restaurants, nightclubs, malls and much more. dress up just about anything with this energy-efficient led light string - trees and bushes. - gutters and building trim. - trade show fixtures. - retail displays. - holiday decorations. light color warm white bulb shape 5mm conical wide angle finish white wire linkable up to strings power watts .input voltage 120 ac input current ma number of leds led spacing english in led spacing metric 102 mm length english ft length metric .m diameter english .in diameter metric mm average lifetime 100,000 hours rating csa us to ul standards warranty year seasonal use limited - photos videos - companion parts
__label__non_math	1.0000	email a friend indicates required field tell us who you are. we will use this information to identify you to your friend. we will not add you to any mailing lists. tell us about your friend. we will use this information to send an email to your friend. we will not add your friend to any mailing lists. please enter the subject of your email include a personal message. this message will be put at the top of the email sent to your friend.
__label__non_math	0.9979	located above the surface of our planet is a complex mixture of gases and suspended liquid and solid particles known as the atmosphere. operating within the atmosphere is a variety of processes we call weather. some measurable variables associated with weather include air temperature, air pressure, humidity, wind, and precipitation. the atmosphere also contains organized phenomena that include things like tornadoes, thunderstorms, mid-latitude cyclones, hurricanes, and monsoons. climate refers to the general pattern of weather for a region over specific period of time. scientists have discovered that human activities can influence earth s climate and weather producing problems like global warming, ozone depletion, and acid precipitation. widespread urban development alters weather patterns research focusing on the houston area suggests that widespread urban development alters weather patterns in a way that ... laptev sealast updated on at the laptev sea is a saline water body, lodged between the kara sea and east siberian sea. the chief land boundary of this marginal sea of the arctic ocean is the siberian... more east siberian sealast updated on at the east siberian sea is a saline marine body, which is a southern marginal sea of the arctic ocean. to the east is found the chukchi sea and to the west beyond the new... more baffin baylast updated on at baffin bay is a margibnal sea of the north atlantic ocean located between the canada's baffin, devon and ellesmere islands and greenland. to the south the davis strait... more andaman sealast updated on at the andaman sea is a body of marine water in the northeastern corner of the indian ocean that lies to the west of the malay peninsula, the north of sumatra, the east of the... more molucca sealast updated on at the molucca sea also molukka sea is a semi-enclosed sea, surrounded by a variety of islands belonging to indonesia, most significantly the island of sulawesi celebes ... more levantine sealast updated on at the levantine sea is most eastern unit of the mediterranean sea, and also the most saline portion of the mediterranean basin. the levantine sea, also known as the levant... more
__label__non_math	1.0000	if seann william scott really wants to be a role model, this is a good first step. the actor, who's best known for his goofball roles in bromance flicks like role models, dude, where's my car? and the american pie trilogy, has checked into a treatment center, his rep said tuesday. does that mean stifler is cleaning up his act? "seann william scott has voluntarily admitted himself for proactive treatment to address health and personal issues," his reps said in a statement to e no other details were forthcoming on what these issues are or where he is undergoing treatment.
__label__non_math	0.9976	what happened with beyonc and jay-z wanting to trademark her kid's name? are there blue ivy brand diapers yet? joanna, via twitter when we last checked, the parents of blue ivy carter had moved to trademark their baby girl's name for motives that weren't immediately clear. and while we have yet to see any "non-medicated hair care preparations" or "electric hair-curlers," both actual categories named in the original trademark filing, there is one area where beyonc will not be launching a blue ivy business. according to reports, a wedding planning company called blue ivy events will get to retain its good name, at least, in the esteemed eyes of the u.s. patent and trademark office. so if beyonce and jay-z wanted to launch a similar venture, they couldn't use their daughter's name to do it. however, experts say, the development does not stop the carters from moving forward in their push to trademark blue ivy in all the other areas they've earmarked. like, you know, electric hair curlers and non-medicated hair care preparations. if they want. beyonc 's rep didn't immediately return a request for comment. so to be clear: the decision simply states they can't use the name for a wedding planning business. but experts say they can still trademark it for other things. "no judge ruled that beyonce and jay-z do not have a legal right to protect the name," explains greenberg glusker attorney aaron moss. "a trademark examiner determined that a boston company, which began using the name blue ivy first, is entitled to register the mark in the field of event planning." and that's pretty much it. "trademark rights are normally limited to particular classes of goods and services, so companies operating in different areas may use the same mark simultaneously unless the fields are related," moss explains. "that being said, i think the main reason beyonc and jay-z applied for trademark protection in blue ivy was to discourage others from using the name in connection with new products or businesses, and that seems to have worked, at least so far." so, um, maybe we won't be seeing any blue ivy curlers at all. bummer.
__label__non_math	0.9997	update: people for the ethical treatment of animals, which has been hounding hbo and producers since learning of the abuse allegations, tells e "this lawsuit shows that the days when animals could be abused and killed behind the closed doors of the film and television industry are over," the group said in a statement. "if you harm an animal in hollywood, peta is going to find out. while we await the results of the ongoing investigations prompted by our complaints, we're encouraged that all the facts surrounding the deaths of the horses on luck will finally come out in a court of law." now, the pay-cable network is being accused of trying to hide their alleged inhumane treatment of the animals. barbara casey, who worked for years as the director of production for the american humane association's film and television unit, is suing aha, hbo and the show's producer, stewart productions, claiming they tried to cover up the alleged abuse and safety violations. per the lawsuit filed in los angeles superior court and obtained by the hollywood reporter, casey also alleges aha wrongfully terminated her after she blew the whistle on the horses' perilous situation. the complaint states that the animal-welfare organization witnessed drugged horses that were oftentimes sick and underweight routinely used on luck while officials colluded with producers and looked the other way. that was due, she contends, to hbo and stewart productions pressuring aha hierarchy to let them violate safety standards "in order to save time and money" and "minimize any disruption to its production schedule." according to the employee, that resulted in animal abuse and cruelty observed by the aha, allegedly in the form of horses that were drugged to perform; defendants "intentionally misidentifying horses so that the humane officers and or safety representative could not track their medical histories"; and, on one occasion, interfering in the reporting of an equine named hometrader that had died. "aha told its representatives not to document this horse's death because he was killed during a summer hiatus from filming and therefore did not count," read the complaint. the suit claims the aha ultimately ignored casey's protests and her wish to report the horses' abuse to authorities. sure enough, she says, she was fired in january , purportedly in retaliation. casey's suit seeks general and punitive damages. for its part, hbo denies the allegations. "we took every precaution to ensure that our horses were treated humanely and with the utmost care, exceeding every safeguard of all protocols and guidelines required of the production," the network said in a statement. "barbara casey was not an employee of hbo, and any questions regarding her employment should be directed to the aha." a rep for the aha was unavailable for comment. reporting by claudia rosenbaum originally published on , at a.m. pt
__label__non_math	0.9998	jenelle evans has had her fair share of troubles, but it looks like the teen mom star is finally getting help. a source told e last month, sources told e but gary head, jenelle's ex who rushed to her side in january when she miscarried husband courtland rogers' child, took to twitter monday in an attempt to set the record straight. "jenelle is not on drugs," he wrote. "she got sent for emotional support because this season was so intense. mtv does not want her to see this season and then relapse bc of all the stress." "but i will say that jenelle does not do drugs," he added. "i won't allow that and he knows that if she ever goes back to drugs then she can have them. but she won't have me. i won't allow it." whatever the case, we wish them all the best. additional reporting by katie rhames
__label__non_math	0.7701	traffic barricades can be used to redirect or restrict traffic in areas of highway construction or repair. they are typically made from wood, steel, plastic, fiberglass, or a combination of these materials. many manufacturers have switched to the use of recycled materials in both the supporting frame and rails of the barricades. epa's designation covers only types i and ii traffic barricades. epa's recovered materials advisory notice rman recommends recycled-content levels for purchasing traffic barricades as shown in the table below. epa's recommended recovered materials content levels hdpe, ldpe, pet 1the recommended materials content levels for steel in this table reflect the fact that the designated items can be made from steel manufactured in either a basic oxygen furnace bof or an electric arc furnace eaf . steel from the bdf process contains - total recovered materials, of which is postconsumer steel. steel from the eaf process contains a total of recovered steel, of which is postconsumer. of manufacturers and suppliers this database identifies manufacturers and suppliers of traffic barricades containing recovered materials. buy-recycled series: transportation products pdf pp, 89k, about pdf this fact sheet highlights the transportation products designated in the cpg, including traffic barricades, and includes case studies, recommended recovered-content levels, and a list of resources. technical background documents these background documents include epa's product research on recovered-content traffic barricades as well as a more detailed overview of the history and regulatory requirements of the cpg process.
__label__non_math	0.9839	secretary of education arne duncan has called for a speedy re-authorization of the elementary and secondary education act esea , branded the no child left behind law nclb by the bush administration. after expiring in , nclb has hung on with annual temporary extensions; its provisions are now so controversial that no congressional majority has been able to coalesce around a proposal for modification. but re-authorization can t wait, duncan said recently, and he has pledged to get congress to enact a new education law in .many critics of nclb have been dismayed by duncan s apparent resolve. but they may be reacting too soon. the principles for re-authorization that duncan has announced represent a radical departure from nclb and open uncharted territory in education policy. fleshing out these principles will require extraordinary creativity and complexity as well as require the department of education and congress to usefully explore accountability tools for which there is little precedent, either at the state or national levels. if duncan sticks to these principles, the worst of nclb will be behind us, although designing a new federal education policy will take us well beyond . that s not a bad thing. after rushing into an ill-considered nclb whose perverse consequences far outweighed its benefits, it would be wise now to move more carefully in the design of new federal education policy, rather than rushing in again. nclb requires all schools, by , to get all students, in all racial, ethnic, and income subgroups, to demonstrate proficiency by passing challenging tests in reading and math. schools that fail to make progress toward this goal at first are required to permit students to transfer elsewhere. if the goal remains out of reach after five years, the school can be closed, or its staff replaced. nclb, its promoters insisted, permit no excuses for children not meeting the goal of proficiency. the underlying concept is that all children can learn if schools are held sufficiently accountable for successful instruction: children from impoverished backgrounds may have a tougher time, but if teachers have high expectations, children will respond by overcoming their obstacles. these sentiments are understandable, but there are perverse consequences of wrongly believing that every student, without exception, will reach proficiency, at a minimal standard, let alone a challenging one. in a september speech outlining his principles for esea re-authorization, duncan called this idea utopian and observed that in a fruitless effort to get increasing numbers of students to pass, states have made tests easier by lowering the passing scores and eliminating all but the least-challenging subject matter. schools have thrown out a balanced curriculum eliminating the arts, science, history, social studies, and foreign language to spend ever more time in boring drills of basic math and reading, along with incessant practice in test-taking. physical education and even recess have been cut out to free more seat-time for basic skills remediation. inordinate attention has been devoted to students whose skills are just below the passing point, while students with either very poor or adequate skills have been ignored, because moving just a few students from failing to passing qualifies as progress toward the goal. the transfer provisions have been used mostly by the better students in failing schools, doing nothing to help students most in need, and making it all the more impossible for their schools to progress toward getting all students to proficiency. duncan has denounced each of these corruptions of american education and has vowed that a re-authorized esea won t replicate them. he has criticized nclb s requirement that, rather than improve schools where test scores are inadequate, students are instead told to transfer out. in his september speech calling for re-authorization, duncan charged that the nclb system is not education but game-playing tied to bad tests with the wrong goals. duncan has vowed that a new federal law would not continue to create incentives for states to adopt easy tests of basic skills: the biggest problem with nclb, he said, is that it doesn t encourage high learning standards. in fact, it inadvertently encourages states to lower them. to remedy this, duncan announced that he will use funds within his discretion under the stimulus bill to subsidize states development of tougher tests. in his speech, duncan repudiated the insistence that all students achieve the same pre-determined passing point. instead, he called for a law that encourages educators to work with children at every level, the gifted and the struggling and not just the tiny percent near the middle who can be lifted over a mediocre bar of proficiency with minimal effort. the secretary vowed that a new law would not result in narrowing the curriculum by holding schools accountable only for math and reading. let us build a law, he said that discourages a narrowing of curriculum and promotes a well-rounded education that draws children into sciences and history, languages and the arts in order to build a society distinguished by both intellectual and economic prowess. and in an article he authored in the october issue of the american school board journal, duncan also rejected the notion, implicit in nclb, that schools alone can be held responsible for student success. he argued that mayors, not school boards, should take control of urban education because mayors can mobilize and coordinate the many public services in addition to schools that also affect academic achievement. mayors can facilitate the cradle-to-career health and social service networks that support student learning, duncan writes, and adds: it takes more than a school to educate a student. it takes a city that can provide support from the parks department, health services, law enforcement, social services, after-school programs, nonprofits, businesses, and churches. how can such principles a radical departure from the old nclb approach be incorporated into a new esea? if, for example, congress comes to believe, as duncan does, that it takes more than a school to educate a student, then federal law cannot hold schools that are fortunate enough to benefit from health and social services, or after-school programs, to the same outcome goals as schools that are not so fortunate. the impact on student achievement of these services, or lack of them, will become ever more serious as the long-term effects of our current . unemployment rate work their way through the next generation of disadvantaged youth. as john irons notes, unemployment and income losses can reduce educational achievement by threatening early childhood nutrition; reducing families abilities to provide a supportive learning environment including adequate health care, summer activities, and stable housing ; and by forcing a delay or abandonment of college plans. if, as arne duncan wrote, it really does take more than a school to educate a student, then a scho ol struggling on its own, without the support of surrounding services, may have poorer outcomes than a school that benefits from these services. yet the school with the poorer outcomes might be more successful and be a better school than one that faces lesser social and economic challenges, or that has more community support for its mission. in other words, a school with worse outcomes but more disadvantaged students might deliver more value-added than a school with better outcomes and more affluent students. many schools now glibly categorized as failing might not be so inadequate after all. how can a re-authorized esea develop transparent federal rules and regulations that fairly make such difficult distinctions? duncan wants a new esea to avoid creating incentives for schools to narrow their curricula, but such narrowing necessarily results from presently available accountability methods. nclb demonstrated that if schools are held accountable only for some skills, they will respond rationally and ignore those for which they are not held to account. incentives work. but while it is relatively easy to design standardized tests, even higher quality tests, of math and reading, american education has yet developed no reliable ways to measure whether students are developing intellectual prowess in sciences and history, languages and the arts. so long as an accountability system is built around math and reading tests, narrowing of the curriculum will be an inevitable result. only a few days after secretary duncan s speech outlining his principles for re-authorization, the government accountability office gao reported on how states standardized test development has responded to nclb. it confirmed that some states lowered the skill levels of state tests in math and reading in order meet nclb requirements, and suggested that this may be an inevitable consequence of nclb s demand that test results be released before the next school year begins. such time pressure tends to preclude the use of test items that ask for student writing, because only multiple-choice questions can be machine-scored quickly. some states, therefore, have developed two sets of standards one for instruction and another for nclb tests making the test results invalid as a measure of school quality. this will be hard to avoid in any new esea that also insists on quick scoring of standardized tests for purposes of accountability. the task of re-authorization will be even tougher because some other policies duncan has adopted actually undermine the principles he s enunciated for esea. for example, while the secretary has denounced the curriculum narrowing that results from holding schools accountable only for math and reading scores, his commitment to subsidize the development of better tests is tied to efforts to develop national standards in math and reading alone. likewise, duncan has promised to subsidize states to develop data systems for the evaluation of teachers by the gains their students make on standardized tests. yet because the only standardized tests that can be used for this purpose are in math and reading, teachers being evaluated in this way will have even more incentives to stress only basic skills, and downplay other aspects of a well-rounded curriculum. that the statistical technology does not exist to accurately link a teacher s quality to her students test scores is yet another problem. beyond the unresolved substantive issues hindering a serious proposal for re-authorizing nclb-like provisions in esea, there are daunting political problems. nclb was virtually the only major bi-partisan domestic legislation of george w. bush s tenure. indeed, it had more support from democrats, led by the late senator edward kennedy and congressman george miller, than from republicans. but the conversion of america s schools into testing factories has now made nclb so unpopular that the law s name, again in duncan s words, has become toxic. nclb-type accountability seems to be fairly popular in only one congressional district washington, d.c., where there is no voting representative but unpopular elsewhere. a recent gallup poll found that of americans had an unfavorable view of nclb, compared to favorable. among democrats, it was even more uneven: unfavorable to favorable. many republican legislators who supported nclb when it was first adopted in can no longer be counted upon for support. now that democrats are in control of the legislative and executive branches, these republicans have rediscovered their faith in the local control of education and want nothing more to do with federal testing requirements. democrats first elected to the house or senate in or mostly campaigned against nclb. barack obama himself denounced nclb during the campaign, charging that it had caused schools to teach to the test and to abandon a well-rounded curriculum that includes physical education, art, and music. the law, obama charged, was designed to punish schools, not to improve them. this all leaves a very small base of senior democrats who are committed to making only minor modifications in the law they sponsored eight years ago. it is not, however, impossible to imagine an education accountability system that creates incentives for a well-rounded education, that encourages raising achievement of students of various abilities, that requires higher standards and not just basic skills, and that avoids blaming schools for failures that stem from social and economic conditions beyond their control. over the last two years, a project convened by the economic policy institute has assembled a diverse and distinguished group of national experts from a variety of policy fields and political perspectives, to outline such a system. called the broader, bolder approach to education bba campaign, it has issued a set of principles that meet the standards for a new esea set forth in duncan s speech. it is a very different model from that of nclb. bba s proposal for esea re-authorization recognizes that no techniques presently exist for evaluating the quality of schools in fair manner. so it calls for the federal government to back away from trying to micro-manage school quality, and instead require states to develop new and experimental systems of qualitative evaluation to complement standardized testing. such systems would rely on the judgment of experts who visit schools to make on-site determinations of whether a balanced curriculum aligned with high standards is being delivered, whether quality instruction is being undermined by test preparation, and whether efforts are being made to mobilize and coordinate surrounding health, social service, after-school, and early childhood programs that make it more likely that children come to school ready to learn. the purpose of such evaluation would not be to punish schools, but to identify areas where improvement is required, and to direct additional resources and professional support where they are needed. bba s proposal for a qualitative evaluation system would be much more expensive than the machine-scored standardized tests we currently use in a corrupt accountability system. but because it will take many years of trial and reformulation before states are ready to implement a qualitative evaluation system, the initial costs will be modest. ultimately, we estimat e a fully-scaled up system of qualitative evaluation will cost only about per pupil, representing less than one-sixth of one percent . of total united states school spending. this is not a lot to pay for an accountability system. arne duncan recognizes that it will take time to develop better ways to evaluate student success. in his september speech calling for esea re-authorization, he said: until states develop better assessments which we will support and fund through stimulus fund subsidies we must rely on standardized tests to monitor progress but this is an important area for reform and an important conversation to have. this, however, is the wrong approach. if standardized test-based accountability is doing the damage that duncan has identified, it makes no sense to exacerbate that damage by continuing to rely on these tests to monitor progress. such reliance will make it even harder to rescue american education in the future. with the political prospects dismal both in congress and the country for a new test-based esea, trying to maintain the existing flawed system while figuring out a new one is likely to be a frustrating endeavor. rather than rush into a hastily designed policy that risks unforeseen and dangerous consequences, as was done in , now is the opportunity to make a fresh start. the obama administration s esea re-authorization proposal should reject the continued punishment of schools based on flawed standardized tests, and instead focus on the careful and cautious design of new forms of qualitative evaluation.
__label__non_math	1.0000	anonymous and unedited fail stories. submit yours at the bottom of the page. it took me and my boyfriend over a year to have sex because he couldn't get on a condom, we had sex finally, but now every time we have sex he finishes in seconds, literally. efposted on 13th apr i got into a fight with my mom over spray butter i took her phone and she said she was going to call the police she went to bite me arm so i punched her in the face i got locked up in county got pepper srayed and used half my life savings to bail me out and waiting for court on ... no drugs : efposted on 13th apr
__label__non_math	1.0000	a rich and delicious way to use leftover croissants. sheryl always keeps some in the freezer, just in case. - cup half and half - large eggs - cup sugar - cup brandy - teaspoon ground cinnamon - teaspoon salt - tablespoons blueberry preserves - croissants, cut horizontally in half - cup stick unsalted butter - -pint baskets fresh blueberries - pure maple syrup combine half and half, eggs, sugar, brandy, cinnamon, and salt in 13x9x2-inch glass baking dish; whisk custard to blend well. spread tablespoons preserves on each of croissant halves; top each with plain croissant half, pressing to adhere. place croissants in custard; turn to coat. let soak until custard is absorbed, turning and basting often, about minutes. melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. add croissants; saut until cooked through and browned, about minutes per side. transfer croissants to plates. add blueberries to same skillet. saut until heated through, about minutes. spoon berries over croissants. serve with maple syrup.add your own note
__label__non_math	0.9875	great alternative to the name brands written: updated a very helpful review by the epinions community pros:inexpensive, cute, no leaks, comfortable for kids cons:size can be hard to tell, saggy when wet the bottom line: i would recommend these diapers as an alternative to the expensive name brand disposable diapers. after using them for a year, i couldn't be happier wtih the quality and price. up until about a year ago i was a loyal user of huggies snug n dry. i had tried the huggies supreme, both kinds of pampers, luvs, and a couple of generics. the generics were always terrible. then, for some reason, i decided to give target's up up diapers a try. perhaps it was the new name "up up" and the new design of the packaging that attracted me. it may have also been that i didn't have a huggies coupon on me that day. i bought a pack of size for my then two-year-old and a pack of size for my -month-old. a don't remember what size boxes i bought that day or what i paid, but currently i pay .for a box of 108 size diapers for my -month-old. cents a diaper is not bad. before i'd even opened the first package, i noted that there was no strong, obnoxious scent wafting out of it. i can't stand scented diapers. thankfully, these have no scent. the next thing i noticed is that they run big. i had purchased the girls' sizes in huggies, but they could have really used a size smaller in up up. the smaller the size, the more diapers for the money the diapers have a fairly cute design of blue and green circles that work for girls or boys. i think they look cute peeking out of the back of their pants. they are very similar in the way they feel and fit to the huggies snug n dry, which is probably why i instantly loved them. a pampers person might not feel the same way. the up ups are rather thin throughout - no extra padding. they're soft and flexible, which is great for a baby and toddler on the go. the waist band is super stretchy in the back, and there are wide, sturdy velcro tabs. if you have two kids who wear different sizes, watch out: the size is only printed on the inside of the velcro tabs, and if they're close sizes, they'll be easy to mix up in your diaper bag. we've never had a leak, even with overnight use. i notice that when wet, these diapers seem to get saggier in the bottom than the huggies did. i frequently see these instantly recognizable diapers sticking out of other moms' diaper bags. it's wonderful to have an alternative to the pricey name brands that actually works. i'm all for cutting corners on household staples, but not at the expense of comfort for my kids and functionality. i would definitely recommend at least giving these diapers a try, especially if you're a fan of huggies snug 'n dry. read all reviews write a review
__label__non_math	1.0000	promotional executive pens from epromos will make a long lasting impression on your top clients. high end custom executive pens from makers like waterford and waterman can be screen printed or laser engraved with any personal message you have for your special client. solid brass, sterling silver, gold accented engraved executive pens and more are available from epromos. please log in or sign up for an account now
__label__non_math	1.0000	your next promotional campaign for your travel services will fly high with success with unique promotional products from epromos please log in or sign up for an account now
__label__non_math	0.9973	a promotional paper fan for conventions, political meetings, and to show your true colors. price includes the stock republican design printed in red and blue on white background. optional handle imprint is available for an additional fee. this product's price includes a one color design imprint in any location. there is a setup charge per color design. if additional imprints and colors are require additional costs will be added per piece, the information below breaks out the pricing and available locations. " w x " h bulk packed .lbs. 100 pcs. please log in or sign up for an account now
__label__non_math	0.6226	constructed of non-woven heavy weight soft textured polypropylene 100gsm , this plogo tradeshow tote bag is an elite example of a great giveaway thanks to it's full color imprint method for your logo. features stitched seams, black accent piping, and matching covered cardboard bottom insert. this bag is tear resistant and water repellent. also features: price includes your four color process design multiple color photographic , you just pay a set up charge. to see this charge refer to the data below. " w x " h x " d bulk packed .lbs. 100 pcs. please log in or sign up for an account now
__label__non_math	1.0000	this military logo cap with cotton twill sweatband is great for keeping both the sun and sweat out of our eyes. custom cap features include: perfect for schools, clubs, and any type of event giveaway. our price includes embroidery, you just pay a embroidery digitizing fee. to see more details about the embriodery review the details below. one size fits most. bulk packed .lbs. 144 pcs. please log in or sign up for an account now
__label__non_math	1.0000	promotional sports bottles and custom water bottles make refreshing a show giveaways" tradeshow giveaways or promotional products. they are an excellent way to gain maximum exposure for your brand as they are used regularly and can go anywhere. choose from aluminum water bottles, bpa-free water bottles and more. have your company name and logo imprinted on one of our wide range of sports bottles for a stylish and useful promotional giveaway. most people are interested in increasing their health or maintaining a healthy lifestyle, at least to some extent. the easiest thing any of us can do to promote better health instantly is to hydrate your body with plenty of water and fluids. take the time to prevent dehydration; it takes only seconds to sip hydrating liquids from a plastic sports bottle or water bottle, keeping your body quenched. a drink now and then from your custom promotional water bottle can splash away headaches, fatigue, irritability, and thirst. an athlete obviously needs fluid replacement. sports and fitness enthusiasts carry a plastic sports bottle or water bottle of some kind around constantly. bicyclists keep a plastic water bottle strapped to their bikes for a well-deserved water break. a water bottle helps people keep active, but a promotional water bottle can be an integral part of healthy active lifestyle. a promotional water bottle can be used and reused by both soccer players and soccer moms. they're crafted handsomely to keep golfers or tennis players stylish on the green or court. a promotional sports bottle looks awesome in a health lover's hand while working out and it does double duty, advertising your brand name at the gym. an everyday activity like walking the dog on a beautifully warm evening goes better with a tall, cool refreshment. sometimes we like to exercise with others; perhaps a leisurely hike with friends and family. it's great to get outdoors with people we enjoy being around and strengthening bonds and relationships. on a day hike, we might feel very comfortable and experienced, and go alone. it's better to have a buddy, but if you do head out by yourself, make sure to have a full water bottle in your backpack. the most important thing to have in your bag, however long the trail or high the altitude, is a filled water bottle. remember that proper hydration occurs when people drink water consistently throughout the day. prepare for a good workout by sipping water or fluid from a water bottle for -hours prior to vigorous workout or athletic performance. with all the activities we're interested in, a promotional sports bottle is an excellent choice to represent your business. an imprinted steel sports bottle illustrates your long-term commitment to your customers' health and well-being. all people, no matter their activity level, should regulate their fluid intake. even people that work in offices should keep a water bottle handy. every family should drink enough water men, women, and especially children. the elderly population needs to pay special attention to increase their fluids as oftentimes thirst diminishes with age. face paced executives may drive extravagant luxury cars, but they still need to fill up their own personal tank as well. epromos offers a fine selection metal sports bottles. a stainless sports bottle is on the forefront of modern utility. they're sturdy, durable, and great for a lot of heavy use. a stainless water bottle is exceptionally graceful and they're the perfect companion for a long day of work and play. another metal sports bottle is the aluminum sports bottle it's almost identical to the steel sports bottle except that it's slightly more lightweight and cools more quickly. an aluminum sports bottle is unique in its lightness and makes a neat impression as a water bottle. it would be perfect to take to the water cooler and fill with fresh cold spring water. we at epromos bring a new element of fashion and design to our products, including the promotional water bottle. we also work with biodegradable plastics. yes, plastics can be biodegradable. they are extremely earth-friendly and breakdown completely in a landfill in -years. a biodegradable plastic sports bottle is a very green business practice, and will go over wonderfully with your clients. they are identical to all of our other attractive sports bottles. a biodegradable sports bottle is reusable and cuts down on disposable plastic bottles. you're going to use it a million times, and it's not going to stay in a landfill forever. a plastic water bottle is great too because they're light-weight, durable, economical, and they have incredible design potential. the plastic sports bottle is extremely versatile and can be made from all kinds of cool clear, translucent, or opaque materials. it's not the plastic water bottle from the 's; our plastic water bottles are conceived from the very latest in concept design and customization. if you really want to stand out from the crowd, you might consider a collapsible water bottle. we engineer a flexible water bottle to fit easily in a jacket pocket, but it still has large volume capacity. you can put water in a collapsible water bottle and freeze it. it fits great into a lunch box for restaurant style ice cold water with your sandwich. a collapsible water bottle can be stored in small spaces like a car glove box or office desk for easy access refreshment. these flexible water bottle options are so unique, you can be sure they'll be used often. a flexible water bottle is simply fun to use. a foldable water bottle is different and eyes will be drawn to it. whether you find a traditional plastic sport bottle that suites your taste, or a fun and funky foldable water bottle, epromos has the style you're looking for. give a special and unique personalized water bottle to give the gift of health and vitality for years to come. please log in or sign up for an account now
__label__non_math	0.9992	washington, dc - sen. james inhofe r-okla. , ranking member of the environment and public works committee, today issued the following statement in reaction to the announcement from the nuclear regulatory commission nrc that westinghouse has not demonstrated certain safety design issues for its revised ap1000 nuclear reactor. the announcement by the nrc may mean a delay in the construction of some new nuclear power plants, senator inhofe said. certainly i respect nrc s effort, as a tough regulator, to resolve outstanding technical issues and appreciate the progress the agency has made toward licensing new plants. some have criticized industry and characterized applications as incomplete and will leap on this announcement as their proof. however, these applications are very long and complex. as nrc staff diligently reviews thousands of pages of information, it s only natural that staff will pose questions that applicants must address. after all, neither the industry nor the nrc has licensed a new plant in over years and they are using a new process for the first time. finger-pointing doesn t accomplish anything other than tarnishing reputations. however, this situation highlights my concern about the need for more schedule transparency in new reactor licensing. without an nrc projection of when this design will be certified, it s difficult to ascertain the overall impact of delays on licensees choosing to build this design. i m concerned about how this schedule uncertainty affects construction planning and the resulting financial impacts to the seven projects looking to build this design.
__label__non_math	0.9959	view full version : where do you keep your horse? 11th september , i am going to make a poll :d where do you guys currently all keep your horses? if you're at livery now but have kept at home in the past, or vice versa any other combination, which do you prefer?? 11th september , there have been a few yards that ive really loved being at. being at the therapy center in my teens seriously gave me advantages and experience i never thought id get. even more so 'free' livery, however there were several things that added a dark tone to the experience, and in the end, the reasons i left. i found another yard which was almost my dream come true livery wise, i miss that place every day. however, having the boys at home is the best thing in the world, and as far as i can plan it, i do not want to livery them ever again. 11th september , ooooo, i like the poll thingy.....very snazzy:worship: my crazy clan 11th september , i put other. mine are kept, a few minutes away from my home, in a rented field by myself, it used to have other people there but they all left, so i jumped at the chance to be by myself. not sure what you would call it??? 11th september , hamish is kept on full livery but i work there so thats just to confuse things i guess beks the artist 11th september , mine are on a private rented yard with my friend. it's an old riding school. poppy and harmony 11th september , harmonys kept on rented fields we kind of sub-let, though get rent free literally just fields with a field shelter bought by people we're sub-letting off and water troughs it's dab there though : no bitches, no-one to prove yourself to or feel pressured by - downside we don't have a school though the fields are ok to school in 11th september , i have boo at a family friends house. love it there, so quiet and peaceful and works out great for both of us as her horse has company and i have somewhere to keep boo with excellent hacking :d have had boo on livery at a couple other places before aswell, but this is my favourite so far : 11th september , copper is at home which i love at time and hate at other times. so im pleased he is home a lot of the time but goes up the stables every now and then. 11th september , i privately rent my own yard which is just a few minutes drive from home : i absolutelt love it. i personally am not a livery person :lol:, i'm too anti-social but if i had to keep them at livery it would be diy only. my dream is to have my horses at home though : 11th september , we rent a field from a farmer. the farmer has split a huge portion of his farm into about fields, and each person has their own field, and can do what they want in there- we are in the process of erecting a mini-yard in the field : i also have a school pegged out, and there is amazing hacking and shows on site. farmer also produces all his own hay and sells feed which make things easy for us 12th september , i've voted for "home" but really it's my parents home, not mine, but i don't pay rent etc. 12th september , i keep blue on a privatly rented yard diy livery . it is actually a working farm but there are a numebr of liveries there. there used to be about horses here but over the years people have moved on. there are currently of us now. what is nice is the owner has said she is not going to take on any more liveries as she is happy with the number of people and the fact that we all get on and there is not bitching and back biting. the only down side is we have no school to ride in. well i say no school, we have one but because it was built by the daugther in law we are expected to pay for it, which many refuse to. but is is nice to haveing the farm to ride around and it is nice that there is always someone on site. we are currently having all our fields renovated. we have moved to temporary fields whist our old ones have been ripped out fencing , rested, seeded etc......new fencing will be put in and we will all end up with two fields each one t orest on to graze . plus it will be nice to have all the liveries all in one place rather than spread around the farm. sorry, i started to waffle, lol. :lol: 12th september , sultan was kept at a livery yard, but his owner bought her own land so she put him there and i love it 12th september , mine are at home which i love the whole reason we moved was so we could have them at home vbulletin v3..,
__label__non_math	1.0000	"milo" is a curious, kind, loving fellow with many experiences in harness including pleasure driving, log pulling, parades and pair driving. he is great under saddle too and very safe on roads and out on the trails. he loves attention, is easy to work with, stands quietly to be hitched and has no vices. he has a pleasant rhythm and a well educated mouth. he would be great for a novice driver or rider with some "horsey" experience.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the appearance of advertisements and product information on this site does not constitute an endorsement by equipment world magazine, and equipment world magazine has not investigated the claims made by any advertiser. product information is based solely on material received from suppliers. griffin electric wellpoint pump have someone from griffin pump equipment contact you with more information click here company: griffin pump equipment the griffin wellpoint pump comes in an electric driven model. for long-term jobs or permanent installations, features include: fully automatic, dry priming and dry running, self contained, portable dewatering pump; handles large volumes of air and water; operates efficiently under intermittent flow conditions; automatically primes and reprimes at suction lifts of feet or greater; capable of pumping gallons per minute; over 140 foot of head capacity; quiet operation; environmentally friendly models available. diesel engines, other capacities custom pumps available upon customer request.
__label__non_math	1.0000	heil trailer international hires troy hradsky as regional sales representative heil trailer international announced that troy hradsky will be joining the heil sales team as a regional sales representative effective . hradsky will be responsible for the sales, marketing and customer support within the heil trailer international dealer customer network while working training with other rsm s and supporting our sales, marketing, and customer service strategies. hradsky will be based in the minneapolis, minnesota area.
__label__non_math	1.0000	ulmer's auto care since , ulmer s auto care has been cincinnati's one-stop shop for vehicle maintenance and repair. servicing all makes and models, both import and domestic, ulmer's specializes in cars, trucks and suvs and uses only the latest, state-of-the-art equipment. only at ulmer's auto care do you get the industry leading three year ,000 mile parts and labor warranty on all repairs. bonus bucks - 300 or more. ulmer's auto repair bonus bucks 300 or more; 200 or more; 100 or more .bumper to bumper oil change filter, lube, check battery alternator operation, inspect belts hoses, test coolant, inspect brakes adjust as necessary, check shocks, struts suspension, inspect drivelin axle joints, check lights, rotate tires and check wipers maintenance services, alignment service, axle repair, brake system service, electrical system service and repair, exhaust system repair and replacement, extended warranty service, fleet services, fuel system service, full diagnostic service, heating and air conditioning service, hybrid vehicle maintenance and repair, maintenance tune-up, major engine repair and replacement, manual and automatic transmission service and repair, oil change and quick lube service, steering system service, suspension system service, timing belt service, tire repair and replacement, towing and roadside assistance, used vehicle pre purchase inspections, windshield repair and replacement
__label__non_math	0.9571	after a perfect launch on ariane flight v72, at .hours universal time on april , ers-performed its early- orbit phase manoeuvres under autonomous control, exactly to plan and without anomaly. the satellite then entered its nominal operational mode, ready for the payload to be switched on. all parameters from the platform and payload support electronics were fully nominal. over the next days, the instrument data handling sub- system, radar altimeter, prare, atsr, and gome were successfully activated. on april, the first attempt to acquire a sar image proved unsuccessful due to activation of the receiver overload protection circuit. investigations started immediately to establish the cause of the anomaly and a second attempt to enter image mode proved successful after the transmitter output power had been reduced. this, and the subsequent image modes showed nominal performance, and the first ers-images were acquired over the gulf of gaeta on may cf. esa press release no - . entry into wave mode, with reduced transmitter power, also proved successful. however, attempts to achieve wind mode have so far proved unsuccessful, even with reduced transmitter power. an extensive anomaly investigation is under way but not yet complete. further planned steps in the investigation include ground simulations of the anomaly, with satellite support equipment and flight spares now being shipped back from kourou. in the meantime it is intended to operate the active microwave instrument in image mode. during the investigation, the wind mission will be taken care of by ers-, as was in any case planned for this period. despite this as yet unsolved anomaly, the commissioning activities for the remaining instruments have started. initial evaluation of data from the new global ozone monitoring experiment gome shows that the instrument is working well with spectra of atmospheric constituents being clearly identified. data from the new visible channels on the along track scanning radiometer are in line with expectations, and the infra-red channels are functioning nominally. the re-designed precise range and range rate experiment is functioning well. the radar altimeter appears to be performing very like the ers-instrument and it is expected that equivalent performance will be achieved after in-orbit calibration.
__label__non_math	0.9869	video replay of the iss expedition crew opening the hatch to jules verne atv and entering the newly arrived spacecraft for the very first time on april . last update: april thank you for rating you have already rated this page, you can only rate it once your rating has been changed, thanks for rating
__label__non_math	0.9792	3d artist at the mill having a passion for something and the constant opportunity to share it, enjoy it and build upon it is the best thing about my job . many great visual effects artists have been through our doors here at escape studios, the vast majority of whom completed their study and rapidly immersed themselves into the world of vfx. and allyn lawson is no exception to this.. having studied vfx with us back in , he s now a 3d artist with industry legends the mill and has worked on a plethora of projects, from major brand names such as nike, ford, bt ,and virgin to name a few the apparent magic of vfx really captured my imagination from an early age. i think the defining moment would have to be seeing jurassic park for the first time. later on, films like the matrix came out and then lord of the rings. i didn't just enjoy the vfx, i wanted to figure out how they were done and create my own. like most of our students, before he became an escapee, allyn possessed a creative passion and an unadulterated desire to learn, which, coupled with the knowledge and support of our tutors, was nurtured intensely, and more importantly - specifically to industry requirements. escape was the clear choice for me, i wanted to create visual effects and that's exactly what the course has allowed me to do. the format and content of the course was very appealing; in this industry you never stop learning so the course is like a massive boost into that. you learn exactly what you need to create shots for your show reel and, importantly, this knowledge allows you to be useful and therefore employable straight after the course. another major attraction to escape is the links they have with the industry . escape s role in allyns progress has been intrinsic, but as he points out, an appetite to master the art of vfx is equally as important for success. when describing his current role, we are given a true glimpse of the nature the business, and the skills he has honed in order to adapt and flourish in this role. my working day can vary significantly from job to job. on a typical day i'll have a number of shots i'm working on whether it s fx, modelling, camera tracking, lighting, rendering, the list goes on . allyn s final words of advice are essential for any budding vfx artist and truly encapsulate the key to his successes. make yourself as useful and as dedicated as possible, and enjoy finding your strengths . a true example of how the right attitude and direction can deliver a person to such platforms.
__label__non_math	1.0000	on one hand esha gupta is looking forward to her debut in the tinsel town and on the other she had to suffer injury in her legs. the pain became so unbearable for her that she had to rely on medication to cure it. esha gupta suffered from sprained ankles wearing high heels for the shoot. she was shooting for the film s promo when she missed a step and ended up with a twisted ankle. as if this was not enough the model turned actress esha had to shoot for a song for some other venture that very day. a source present at that time informs esha gupta sprained her ankle during the promo shoot. initially, esha ignored it and continued working but she started experiencing pain. yet she took it in her stride and managed to complete the shoot in her stilettos before slipping into a pair of flats. by next morning, her ankle had begun swelling up and needed medication. but there was no way she could skip the song shoot as the dates had been fixed much in advance. she reported for the shoot and managed to do the steps resulting in a completely swollen ankle. following the injury esha gupta was advised bed rest and wear only flat footwear if need be. the beauty pageant winner and the calendar girl has been keeping low profile till the release of her film. she has been asked to refrain from the media stares as media is anxious that her first look hit the theaters before the actress starts making public appearances. interestingly esha gupta is said to have replaced the sri lankan model jacqueline fernandez in emraan hashmi starrer jannat when jackie moved out of the film citing the issue of doing steamy scenes for the venture at the behest of her beau director sajid khan.high heel woes of esha gupta,
__label__non_math	0.9921	my grandfather was a highlander from around peja. he 'slipped' down the mountains between the two world wars and ended up in the first city at the bottom peja my father's generation was the first to be educated. this was despite the fact that he was from an anti-communist family. my grandfather had been declared a 'kulak' and after the war his wealth was confiscated. this meant that my father was not awarded a scholarship to continue his education in belgrade. when this happened my grandfather found him crying because all his schoolmates were to leave for belgrade, but not him. it was a most important moment in our family history. my grandfather promised that somehow he would find the money. he did, and so it was that my father was able to leave for belgrade to take albanian studies in the 1950s. my first memories are from the mid 60s. football, of course. usually, we could not get into the football stadium, so we climbed the trees to watch matches. then i remember there was a small jna base in the very centre of pristina. it had a swimming pool, which seemed very beautiful. my father was a journalist so he got permission for us to go there. it was a great experience. then i remember a beautiful car, an "opel manta" at the beginning of the 1970s. there were so few cars at that time. it was very sporty. it looked like a space shuttle in this period we started to have kind of wealth. there were the first colour televisions and modern furniture and fridges. we started to have a middle class. everyone was beginning to live like everyone else. the university library started to be built and it felt like we were becoming the real capital of kosovo. all the streets were being paved with asphalt and asphalt was the symbol of progress. we even called the mayor "asphalt nazmi" at the time our leaders thought they were fighting the old ottoman heritage and building a new society, a new language and a new man. so they also started to build new blocks of flats, and people wanted to live in them. if you lived in an old house it felt very old fashioned. one cousin exchanged his house for a small flat. he thought he had made a good deal. today he regrets the deal in , suddenly, we had the first modern cafes. the 1970s were the best period we lived through in this place. after everything started to decline. in , with some friends i started a new wave band called gjurmet the traces. after the demonstrations of , in the context of youth in pristina identifying themselves with albania, where rock 'n' roll was banned, it meant you had taken a kind of political attitude. we were declaring ourselves for the next civilisation, a 'go west' attitude, and not for communist albania. being a rocker meant that you were closer to the yugoslav type of communism rather than albanian communism. amongst many it was unpopular. in the 80s we had concerts though and at the boom festival, in which bands were invited from across yugoslavia and abroad we could have up to ,000 or ,000 people. in the 1990s apartheid stated. suddenly everything went underground. the centre of town was dominated by serbs. for ten years i never entered the hotel grand. there were paramilitaries there, secret police, arkan. i was afraid. there was no social life, except in private homes. after the bombing started in march , we were picked up by the serbian police, gathered together and taken to the outskirts of pristina, to the old train station. when i got there i saw -,000 people. milosevic had started the crazy idea of deportation. i was afraid in case they were going to start killing. when i realised we were going to macedonia i was happy. after 'the question was how to be heroes in this city. we were listening to david bowie's "heroes" just for one day today pristina is a mess. people are greedy. they are grabbing houses and land and selling things they don't own. but they are not pristina people. they are newcomers. they don't feel the pulse of the city. they are building ugly buildings and grabbing public spaces for their own private benefit and ministries and the government are involved. i feel like they are creating a large village out of our city. that makes for a challenge though. just like during our rocker days. a challenge to start something, a civic movement, which would aim, one beautiful day, at digging up and revealing our city's buried river
__label__non_math	1.0000	your leading source for esl jobs and other opportunities worldwide. a place where schools and english teachers can find each other. we help serve your education and employment needs in the global esl community. esl job find now offers the ability to purchase r sum views. click here would you like to advertise with us? for our competitive rates: click here would you like to be part of the esl global community and link to us? to submit your url: click here please research every opportunity carefully esl job find does not endorse any of the jobs listed on this web site and we cannot be held accountable or responsible for what may happen between job seeker and employer.
__label__non_math	0.7978	n may ave ste 106, oklahoma city, ok toll free: 800-627- local: 405-751- - n may ave ste 106, oklahoma city, ok sympathy flowers by especially for you flowers gifts when you need to share a comforting thought, let us help you select an appropriate flower option for the home, office, service or cemetery. sort by price
__label__non_math	1.0000	the rugby championship meyer set to keep the faith springboks coach heyneke meyer is unikely to make widespread changes ahead of his side's clash with australia on september getty images south africa coach heyneke meyer is set to resist the urge to shake up his side following their -draw with argentina in their rugby championship clash on saturday. the boks battled back from a -half-time deficit to snatch a share of spoils at the estadio malvinas argentinas in mendoza and evade a first-ever defeat at the hands of the pumas. meyer has since accepted that his side's performance was "not acceptable" and while acknowledging the performance of their rivals, admitted that a lack of experience cost the visitors. with the likes of john smit, victor matfield and jaque fourie having retired and others such as fourie du preez, bakkies botha, danie rossouw and gurtho steenkamp all ineligible as they are playing overseas, meyer saw his resources drained yet further ahead of their latest outing due to injuries to schalk burger, bismarck du plessis, pierre spies and jp pietersen. the injury cloud is not going to lift before meyer announces his latest squad for the forthcoming matches against australia and new zealand but he is still not going to make a raft of changes. "it's easy to say throw people out and pick new ones, but that's not coaching, that's picking," he told reporters on his return to south africa. "i've been in this position a few times as a coach and the easiest thing is just to cut players, but that won't move you forward. we've already lost a lot of leadership and then you'd be throwing out what little experience you've got." meyer also agreed that his side must raise their game against australia in perth september and new zealand in dunedin september if they are to challenge for the southern hemisphere crown. "the next two games will be even tougher and we have to improve," he said. "i know we can do it, but the only way the side will improve is by coaching them, improving their technique and mental strength." espn emea ltd "people on the outside think unfounded thoughts on toulon." tom hamilton talks to rct lock nick kennedy ahead of saturday's heineken cup final against clermont will genia should lead the wallabies against the lions, joe tomane to win the final wing spot and israel folau at fullback, writes greg growden "has there ever been such a large disconnect between france's club teams and the international side?" ian moriarty weighs up the state of french rugby "by carrying a great britain label to the antipodes, and getting beaten by the kiwis, they established a tradition which has lasted to this day." huw richards rewinds to
__label__non_math	0.9998	you may also like... logoart jeff gordon 14k small " lapel pin jostens jeff gordon personalized lustrium fan ring logoart jeff gordon sterling silver flip flop dangle earrings logoart jeff gordon 10k small lapel pinitem no: price: . standard ground service available normally . - details note: shipping restrictions may apply. remember, no sales tax except in fl, il, ky, ny, oh, pa and tx. constructed using metal molds and injected plastic patterns for additional detail, this piece features a filed and polished, -karat yellow gold design with an attractive finish. - -karat yellow gold - officially licensed - made in usa
__label__non_math	0.9999	you may also like... zephyr buffalo sabres swoop adjustable hat frameworth buffalo sabres 10x30 jersey evolution plaque zephyr buffalo sabres pledge washed adjustable hat frameworth buffalo sabres pat lafontaine framed photo and card plaqueitem no: price: . standard ground service available normally . - details note: shipping restrictions may apply. remember, no sales tax except in fl, il, ky, ny, oh, pa and tx. you can showcase your favorite hockey player by hanging this frameworth nhl player photocard. an -in x -in color photo is displayed alongside a trading card-size photo of the player, a team logo circle and a bio plate. the entire officially licensed piece is presented in a black frame. - -in x -in color photo of nhl player - trading card photo of the player - team logo circle - bio plate - presented in a black frame - officially licensed
__label__non_math	1.0000	those are the first six words of this story, and they are the funniest ever strung together by the human mind. the rest of it the plaintive bleat of a man who never drew a breath in his life whereby he didn't degrade the democratic process, warning that chicago tough guys are coming to rough up innocent republicans, who just want to do good work, and out cia operatives for political purpos... er... to maintain national security is hilarious enough, but that opening is just gloriously surreal. people read this stuff, and then they take it seriously, and then they vote. i swear we've all surrendered to the mole people. thomas p.m. barnett, chris jones, tom junod, scott raab, eric rauchway, john h. richardson, eli sanders, mark warren, john weaver, and other smart people, occasionally.view all posts
__label__non_math	0.9983	originally published in esquire's november issue. until four years ago timothy leary ate turkey, like the rest of us. then his wife, barbara, set before him a roast goose stuffed with prunes, apples, and chestnuts -- and it's been goose ever since. christmas at the leary house is sweet and sentimental. nothing too wild. "you probably wanted a recipe for marijuana brownies. sorry timothy leary's goose with prune, apple, and chestnut stuffing cut off pockets of fat from the goose and make slits in it with a knife. rub the bird with salt and pepper. set aside. the stuffing: marinate a box of pitted prunes in a jar of port for a week, then roll them in grated lemon rind. slice and peel two or three apples, then roll the salices in brown sugar and lemon juice. heat about two pounds of chestnuts until the shells can be peeled off, then roll them in grated orange rind. stuff the prunes, apples, and chestnuts in altering layers. then cook the goose at 350 degrees, about a half hour a pound. when cooking, keep squeezing up the fat from the bottom of the pan with one of those long baster things. the best way to tell if it's done is by jiggling its legs. a twelve-pound goose serves six to eight people. serve with potato and onion puree, brussels sprouts and chestnuts, and hot rolls and gravy. dessert: neiman-marcus irish whiskey cake, lots of champagne for the grown-ups, and alcohol-free eggnog for the kiddies. related links: incredibly out-of-date thanksgiving recipes from 1980s icons the artist knew a thing or two about playing with proportion in his patterns the unofficial soundtrack to your weekend... to a new baby for bey
__label__non_math	1.0000	we re in your corner esquire legal group, p.a. is a premier orlando, florida personal injury, immigration, foreclosure defense, and criminal defense law firm dedicated to representing people injured in accidents or who need representation in their immigration, foreclosure, loan modification, or criminal matters throughout the orlando area and the state of florida. we strive to provide our clients with personal service, aggressive representation, and straight talk legal services with an emphasis on customer satisfaction. our goal is to help you through your difficult legal problems and to give you peace of mind knowing that our professional team of attorneys and support staff are committed to delivering justice to you. our experienced team of orlando personal injury attorneys, florida auto accident lawyers, and florida workers' compensation attorneys represent clients in matters involving personal accidents, truck accidents, motorcycle accidents, slip and fall accidents, bicycle accidents, pedestrian bite and animal attacks, medical malpractice, defective products, and assaults, wrongful death, workers' compensation florida workman compensation , immigration petitions, and court hearings, home foreclosure defense, dui and criminal matters in orlando, and denial of insurance benefits. for claims involving accidents and injuries including personal injury, medical malpractice, defective products, and workman compensation , we charge no attorney fees if there is no recovery for you. contact us today for a free evaluation. call 407 999- or toll free -866-775-, or complete our contact form.
__label__non_math	0.9996	i'm an international student and had no one to ask for proof-reading, any advice will be greatly appreciated prompt : tell us about a personal quality, talent, accomplishment, contribution, or experience that is important to you. what about this quality or accomplishment makes you proud, and how does it relate to the person you are? the challenges and obstacles i had faced in high school formed the quality that i am most proud of, the ability to think positive and to understand other points of view. after divorcing my father, my mother decided to move to america to raise her children free from prejudice and full of opportunities for intellectual growth. although being in an entirely different environment was indeed a challenging task, i was more excited than scared to experience and observe the world i was yet to discover. from a young age, i took a keen interest in different cultures and wanted to find out more insights and ideas behind them. the first two years of high school was rewarding due to my intellectual curiosity and determination for success, and i never doubted that i would live up to my own high expectation, until my mother suffered alcoholism. my mother valued the importance of education greatly and always taught me that learning is the most worthy cause that never betrays your effort and time. i admired her courage to earn her m.a. degree in her late 's in america, and her words triggered my eagerness to learn. however, being a single mother in a country where she does not have a single relative was not easy to deal with by herself, and she relied on alcohol too much to ease her pain. for the past few years, she has changed dramatically from the person i had known. she had no hope for anything in her future. losing my mother's faith and someone to look up to greatly discouraged me, and soon enough, lack of her support became lack of motivation for me. by the summer that i graduated from high school, my mother's sickness deepened. she and i tried many sorts of rehab programs and counseling, but their effect never lasted longer than a month. i have researched symptoms and cures from book; nevertheless, none of them seemed to have a positive effect. thinking that medicines are no use, i started to view the world from my mother's perspective to understand her better. when i worked, i tried to understand how tedious it would be to work in the same place for many years; when i did housework, i tried to understand how tiresome it is to come back from work and have dishes to wash; and when i thought about my anxiety for the future, i thought about how scary it would be to have two children's futures solely dependent on her shoulders. it was then i realized how great was the sacrifice that my mother made in order to give me every opportunity to achieve my dream. though my mother is still trying to recover from her sickness, she told me that my supporting words relieved her better than any other medicine did. from just trying to look through her eyes, i gained a better answer for her cure than any book has given me. if my inquisitive nature gave me an eagerness to learn new knowledge, experiences with my mother taught me the importance of depth of understanding than just knowing the facts. i believe i learned more from my failure than success, because the loss made me grateful for the things that i took for granted. now, i have learnt that i should not be arrogant when i am successful, and that i should not let myself down when i am failing. in the past years, i blamed my mother's lack of support and made it an excuse for my falling grades. but i now realize that the motivation has to come from myself and my own aspiration, not my mother's support. my own aspiration is to discover many unknown facts, understand other people and culture in more depth, and be able to make better choices through my life. the past few years' experience has given me an opportunity to look at things differently and strength to fight during hard times.
__label__non_math	0.9041	buy college term papers writing college term papers is viewed by many to be a real down side to obtaining a college education. fortunately, competent assistance is available for those who do not wish to write them or who feel that their writing skills are not up to par. the company that can help is essayswriters.com,. this is a company that enables the students who need them to buy college term papers online. our team of expert academic writers have the job of providing students with high quality, custom written papers. when approached by students who want to buy college term papers, we gather whatever information is necessary to customize the paper just for the student. then we begin the process of writing. the students who buy college term papers from us are given work that has been created from scratch. there is no single other term paper that will be exactly like any other term paper that we write. every one is original. that said, when the papers have been written, they become the exclusive property of the students who purchase them. unlike a number of our competitors, essayswriters.com does not resell any of our term papers to third parties. when customers buy college term papers from essayswriters.com, they can count on years of experience and a stellar reputation that none of the papers that they purchase will contain any plagiarism. most colleges and universities these days do not tolerate plagiarism at any level. because it is our ultimate goal to help students achieve academic success, we will not jeopardize them by placing their academic careers at risk. the students who buy college term papers from us can count on their originality. essayswriters.com is staffed by highly competent writers, all of whom hold graduate degrees from an accredited, native english speaking university. this is a vital element in purchasing a successful term paper. we are not one of the many writing services that exist in third world countries. the papers that are written by those companies are often nothing more than work they have copied from writing samples offered by other companies on the internet. if they do write original material, their lack of command of the english language is quite apparent within a sentence or two in the papers. it is easy for a professor to spot work of this caliber, which would mean instant failure for the student who handed it in. the work that is created and composed by the professional writers at essayswriters.com is written in perfect english. it is guaranteed to be grammatically correct, and it will not contain any errors in punctuation or spelling. this has been our trademark policy since our company s inception, and we stand by this policy to the point that we offer full, money back guarantees should any errors of this type be found in any paper that we have written. to date, no one has ever sent a paper back for these reasons and we doubt anyone ever will. our professional editors will make sure of that with the close scrutiny they give each and every sentence in each and every paper. our support team is on duty hours a day, each day of the year, to assist students in choosing the best solution for their particular situation. furthermore, after an order is placed, our support team can answer questions about the paper s progress and, if desired, can even arrange for the student to speak with the actual writer of the paper. no other online writing service makes this offer, but we are proud to do so. we feel that taking steps such as these helps build confidence in our company. this is why we are among the top writing services in the world. the writers whom we pick to employee at essayswriters.com all have masters or phd degrees and many years of experience in writing. the editors have the same qualifications, as do our researchers. these individuals form a strong team of writers who can knock out a high quality paper in a short period of time that will be so good that the professor who receives it will think the student spent months writing it. essayswriters.com is really that good.
__label__non_math	1.0000	photos: "hawthorne" wedding photos the latin star sat down for a very intimate one-on-one interview with "nightline" which aired last night. when asked if there were infidelity in his marriage anthony replied, "no absolutely not." and of course he needed to squash rumors that he and jada were allegedly romantically involved. he simply said, "when something like that happens, it's laughable. we've been friends for years. jada, jennifer, me and will, for years." all of this coming off the heels of internet rumors that will and jada's marriage was in trouble. photos: will and jada's love in pictures it's reassuring to know all sides are speaking out against the rumors -- no one needs more rumors floating around. kudos to anthony for setting the record straight
__label__non_math	0.9999	download latest versions of our software products below. essentialpim pro is a fully functional -day trial version. pc version windows xp vista the file that you download is self-installing. run it and follow the instructions. to run essentialpim portable from your usb memory drive, download the zip file and unzip it on your flash drive and run essentialpim.exe. supplementary free software ios iphone ipad ios version of essentialpim essentialpim for ios is free and will work on all devices running ios and higher versions.
__label__non_math	1.0000	get involved: send your pictures, video, news and views by texting ecs to , or email colchester secures ,000 for st botolph's project tuesday 23rd october in news the regeneration of colchester s st botolph s quarter has received a ,000 government boost. the creative coop and colchester council s application for a grant to become a mary portas town team partner was yesterday approved by the department for communities and local government. the community mapping project , supported by town mp sir bob russell, will see locals document the area s buildings, traders, venues and residents. see wednesday's gazette for more information.
__label__non_math	0.9997	horizon pharma announces .million private placement deerfield, illinois horizon pharma, inc. nasdaq: hznp announced today the execution of a securities purchase agreement with a select group of institutional and accredited investors providing for a private placement financing. upon the closing of the private financing, horizon will receive gross proceeds of approximately . per unit. each unit consists of one share of horizon s common stock and a warrant to purchase .shares of common stock at an exercise price of .308 per share. the financing is expected to close on subject to standard closing conditions. jmp securities llc, cowen and company, llc and stifel nicolaus weisel served as joint-lead placement agents for the financing. horizon expects that the net proceeds from this financing, combined with existing cash resources, will fund the company s operations into the second half of and will be used for the ongoing commercial launch of duexis in the u.s., to pursue regulatory approval for lodotra in the u.s. and duexis in europe and for working capital and other general corporate purposes. the securities to be sold in this private financing have not been registered under the securities act of , as amended the securities act , or applicable state securities laws, and accordingly may not be offered or sold in the united states except pursuant to an effective registration statement or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the securities act and such applicable state securities laws. horizon has agreed to file a registration statement with the securities and exchange commission registering the resale of the shares of common stock issued in this private financing. this press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of any such securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. about horizon pharma horizon pharma, inc. is a biopharmaceutical company that is developing and commercializing innovative medicines to target unmet therapeutic needs in arthritis, pain and inflammatory diseases. for more information, please visit this press release contains forward-looking statements, including statements regarding horizon s receipt of proceeds upon the closing of the private financing, horizon s expected use of the net proceeds from the private financing, the length of time horizon s existing cash and net proceeds from the private financing will fund operations, the expected closing date of the private financing, and the anticipated filing of a registration statement to cover the resale of the shares of common stock expected to be issued in the private financing. these forward-looking statements are based on management s expectations and assumptions as of the date of this press release, and actual results may differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. these factors include, but are not limited to, risks regarding horizon s ability to meet the closing conditions associated with the private financing and complete the closing on its anticipated timeline, horizon s ability to commercialize duexis in the u.s. and pursue additional regulatory approvals for duexis and lodotra, unexpected future requirements for cash resources, the possibility of early maturity of horizon s recently completed loan facility or requirements to prepay all or part of the outstanding balance of the loan facility and horizon s ability to comply with the covenants and obligations under the loan facility and related agreements. for a further description of these and other risks facing the company, please see the risk factors described in the company s filings with the united states securities and exchange commission, including those factors discussed under the caption risk factors in those filings. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release, and the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements, except as may be required by law. robert j. de vaere executive vice president and chief financial officer burns mcclellan, inc.
__label__non_math	0.8779	i am pleased to announce that after a few months of meetings, surveys, etc. that we have secured the funds to replace our aging concrete starting line and complete a few other projects that we have been meaning to get to. we'll get started as soon as the weather permits. we'll have more info at our driver's meeting which we should have scheduled very soon. actually, concrete cures harder under water, so if we have to have rain, days to days after the pour will be beneficial. ronno- ' is all i have heard for pro. except turbo sleds, which is 660' per nhra rules. not sure about trophy sled bike. i dont think a final decision was made on that. i personally think that would be the best decision, giving both sides of the aisle a class to race comfortably, and also give the turbo sleds a place to race.
__label__non_math	1.0000	this sale has already occurred. please use the following links to find other sales you might be interested in. no reserve estate auction. everything must go. phone: 864 326- email: send e-mail question now web site: terms and conditions: please see our terms and conditions under information and special terms, at our best auction yet notes and comments: limit 200 characters
__label__non_math	0.9999	hanover county is part of the richmond metropolitan area, located about miles north of richmond and miles south of washington dc. it is serviced by the major byways of i-and i-295, as well as the richmond international airport. hanover county is the home of ashland, an incorporated town, which continues to serve as a major railroad depot. with a population of ,000, hanover offers the conveniences of suburban living with a strong rural influence. hanover is home to many of the area's most beautiful horse farms, both large equestrian facilities and smaller, family-operated farmettes, or mini-farms, many of which provide lessons and competition opportunities. hanover's farm country also produces high quality livestock and the internationally renowned hanover tomato. hanover's charming rural atmosphere has also appealed to owners of many beautiful country estates. hanover's history can be traced back to the colonial period. it was officially formed in , and has been home to many of the nation's influential figures, including patrick henry, dolley madison, and henry clay. hanover was also home to several influential civil war battles, including the seven days battle; cold harbor, and north anna as well as numerous smaller battles and skirmishes. early plantations and historical architecture can still be visited today at many of hanover's historic estates, including totomoi plantation and the edmund ruffin plantation. the manor house of totomoi plantation dates back to the 1790s and has privately owned by the same family since the 18th century. edmund ruffin was one of the most influential figures in southern politics in the civil war era, as well as prominent tobacco farmer in chesapeake. his large plantation is maintained today by his descendents.
__label__non_math	0.9959	what is the flood levy? do i have to pay it? a one-time charge paid by taxpayers in , the flood levy helps communities affected by natural disasters. the levy funds reconstruction of essential infrastructure. anyone who earned more than ,000 plus cent for each dollar over . - i earned ,000. - i earned ,000, . - i earned more than 250 plus cent for every dollar earned over . those who were affected by a declared natural disaster are exempt from paying the levy. this includes those who were affected by the brisbane floods, the northern nsw floods and the western queensland floods. if you re unsure whether you should be exempt from paying the flood levy, simply send your accountant a message using the my messages tool from the top grey toolbar of your online tax return. education tax refund the education tax refund is now the schoolkids bonus , paid directly to families through a family payments system. starting in january , these changes mean families don t have to wait until tax time to claim the education tax refund. eligible parents currently receiving family tax benefit a will receive 820 for secondary school students annually, split into two equal instalments paid in january and july each year. the government recognises that families have already incurred bills for the current school year. therefore they paid the full education tax refund for as a lump sum in june . this means families receive their full entitlement ahead of time. this also means that the education tax refund section was removed from this year s tax return it is no longer necessary.
__label__non_math	1.0000	from baseball leagues to basketball teams, eteamz is the leading sports website and software provider for teams and leagues. join the millions of sports organizations that use our software tools and create your free website today. league and team organizers shouldn't have to be a computer whiz to create a sports website. if you know your way around a keyboard and mouse, you can make a team or league website for free in less than an hour. choose from professionally-designed templates and add your logos, fonts, colors, and more. you'll look like a sports website design genius and your fans, players, and league parents will be impressed every time they visit your site. - pick from professionally-designed sports website templates - make it your own by adding league or team logos - choose colors, borders, and fonts - track the number of website visitors and display it proudly - save and preview updates before making it live on the web - personalize your website and email addresses think about how you manage your organization now - you might have a few binders in the office, folders in the car, and the occasional excel document on the desktop. it can be hard to keep your season calendar organized if done by hand. with sports scheduling tools from eteamz, you can manage dates, times, and locations for games, practices, team meetings, and more. this helps you stay organized and offers a way for your members to view the calendar on your sports website. - create and organize a detailed practice and game calendar - update schedule changes and publish them to your site - build and post tournaments with tournament brackets - print calendars right from your league or team website - import and export events, practices, games, and more communicating with your league, teams, players, and fans has never been easier than with sports software from eteamz. on your league or team website, post news articles, game recaps, and updates we all know how much players love their press clippings. or, create organized email lists to send updates to the right people. for urgent group updates, send automated phone messages. - post news articles, game summaries, and fundraising updates - send messages to your team members with email center - send phone messages to your members automatically - integrate your website with facebook administration - build message boards for teams and leagues - customize and post an unlimited amount of surveys polls - highlight new or updated parts of your sports website with icons - add pop-up notifications to easily update site visitors from day one of registration to the post-season awards ceremony, running a sports team or league can spell a lot of paperwork for organizers, parents, and players. with eteamz, you'll save tons of time by putting roster management, handouts, the season's calendar, and more in one secure place online. after creating your website, everything can be organized and collected automatically. - create order custom awards, gear, and apparel - upload and manage rosters - manage your season's calendar - receive free secure sports website hosting - post individual player statistics - create up to additional website pages on your league website - offer an unlimited amount of site memberships - archive last season and create a new one - offer online registration fee collection basic and plus sites. website management doesn't have to be a scary word for sports organization managers anymore. there's nothing to download or learn. just login to the web-based software and you ll build and update a free sports website in no time. it's easy for you and offers a great way for your community to keep up with organizations' updates, news, schedules, and more. - use web-based software to build and manage your website - make a functional website without technical knowledge - add unlimited site memberships - utilize safe secure sports website hosting - manage your sports programs from season to season - choose from professionally-designed website templates - build additional web pages to tell your story league organizers face stacks of paper and hours of data entry with paper-based registration. all of that can go away with online registration and fee collection from eteamz and active network, sports. simply point people to your website where a registration button will live. from there, your customized registration form is just a click away for people to sign-up whenever is convenient. this saves time for you and makes it easier for players to register for your sports league. - offer online registration fee collection for your league - add a registration button for parents to click on your sports website - collect all payments and contact information securely - view information in real-time with a secure online system - save time managing your program's registration process - make it easier for players and parents to sign-up online basic and plus sites. learn more about online registration. athletes love gear and team and league organizers love successful fundraisers. for those two things, eteamz has tools to help you raise money and sell gear online. at your online team store, you can sell customized sweatshirts, t-shirts, banners, and more. after that, add an online fundraising page and start collecting donations securely through your sports league and team websites. this is a great way to generate buzz and cash for all of your programs. - sell custom apparel on your website - offer your members up to discounts on over 650 magazines - gain up to profit for your sports programs - give away free movie tickets and cash prizes to your members - collect donations securely online - use the system with no upfront costs, paperwork, or shipping costs - your online store is integrated in to your eteamz website - combine with offline, traditional fundraisers - want a free fundraising guide? request one here frequently asked questions who is eteamz for? coaches, league administrators, parents, and anybody else who's responsible for managing a youth or adult sports team, league or group. what are the system requirements for eteamz? eteamz is web-based, no software needed. all you need is a computer with an internet connection. is our team info private? view upgrade pricing eteamz is the website provider to more national sports organizations choose to help their teams build cutting edge websites quickly and easily.
__label__non_math	0.9979	- lab fellowships and projects - investigative journalist fellowships - applied data fellowship - israeli fellowship - network fellowships - research assistant the edmond j. safra center for ethics at harvard university invites scholars, practitioners, innovators and others committed to understanding and remedying institutional corruption to submit proposals to join our community. in , the edmond j. safra center for ethics led by director lawrence lessig launched a five-year research project to study the causes and consequences of institutional corruption. the project is being conducted by the edmond j. safra research lab. the aim of the lab is to study institutional corruption with both an empirical and normative focus. the empirical research project will explore whether and when institutional corruption exists. the normative project will develop tools to address institutional corruption when it is found to exist. to learn more about the lab's work, watch an introductory lecture by professor lawrence lessig, or read more about the work of the fellows. we are concerned with widespread or systematic practices that undermine the integrity of an institution, or public trust in an institution. unlike more frequently studied examples of individual corruption such as bribery , institutional corruption tends to involve practices that are legal. for our purposes, the term "institution" refers to public and private organizations and professions such as medicine, government, academia, law, regulatory agencies, and businesses. corruption within public and private institutions is a widely acknowledged and yet insidious problem, due largely to the fact that many corruptive practices are legal, and not necessarily considered unethical by members within the institution. practices such as promising future employment, consulting work, campaign contributions, research funding, gifts, or offering other incentives are not explicit bribes, yet in some cases they can be used to legally divert the purpose of an institution, which can result in the loss of trust and harm to the institution or those who trusted in it. the cross-disciplinary format of the lab is designed to foster an innovative research environment where fellows are encouraged to weave their ideas into a broader framework, while also being a resource for each other. the lab fellows vary based on methodological approach and topic of focus. past fellows have included postdoctoral fellows, investigative journalists, professors, doctors, students, writers, and technologists. their projects focus on a variety of institutions, including congress, academia, the epa, the fda, and the pharmaceutical industry among others on topics ranging from campaign finance reform to conflicts of interest to data monitoring systems in open government. research from the lab is conducted with real-world applications in mind. as the project evolves, the lab plans to release databases, guidelines, and other tools to the public that work towards solving the problem of institutional corruption in a variety of contexts. the deadline date for receipt of applications for fellowships and projects beginning september is . a broad range of researchers, scholars and professionals are invited to submit proposals to the lab, either to become fellows, or to propose joint or collaborative research projects. the lab accepts a number of fellows every year who are engaged in research and practice addressing institutional corruption. applicants wishing to join the lab should submit a proposal describing the research or project they will complete, and how that research relates to the work of the lab. proposals may be for joint or individual projects, and their term may fall short of or extend beyond the fellowship year normally september through june . applications in the past have generally been made for one or two academic years. faculty members are invited to propose projects that they would direct but that would be executed at the lab. research applicants may be from the fields of law, medicine, economics, psychology, sociology, business, public policy, though those from other disciplinary homes will also be considered. practice applicants may come from industry, government, or the non-profit sector. projects not directly contributing to the mission of the lab's work on institutional corruption will not be considered. priority will be given to project proposals with a focus on innovative remedies for institutional corruption. the center typically accepts both full-time residential fellows and part-time non-residential fellows. in addition, the lab funds outside projects that address institutional corruption. as a part of the lab community, residential fellows will spend a majority of their time working on research projects, while also benefiting from being part of a multidisciplinary and highly-interactive group of fellows. fellows primarily engage through a weekly lab seminar that enables them to workshop their own projects, while also building a collaborative framework to address institutional corruption. applicants will be judged on the quality of their achievements in their field of specialization or industry, and the probable impact of their proposed research and its relevance to the purposes of the lab. tenured and untenured faculty are invited to participate, so long as their work during the fellowship is primarily directed towards the lab project. postdoctoral applications are also eagerly encouraged, as well as proposals from researchers in industry or government seeking sabbatical time to pursue research directly relevant to the project, and others from data-driven fields such as designers, programmers, and statisticians see applied data fellowship . for postdoctoral researchers, the lab is particularly interested in applicants who apply to work under the direct supervision of a harvard-affiliated faculty member during their fellowship year. postdoctoral residential fellows will be paid according to a salary structure that is based on number of years of postdoctoral experience. faculty members who will spend their sabbatical year at the center will be eligible to receive up to one-half of their academic year salary not exceeding a maximum stipend set each fall for the fellowship period. their home institution is expected to provide at least half the salary plus all benefits. overseas fellows and those not on an academic track are eligible for stipends depending on circumstance. all fellowship applicants are expected to report pending or received funding from other sources for the same or a similar project. if multiple awards are received, an equitable arrangement will be made among the funding agents. awards for projects will be determined dependant upon the scope of the project, and potential impact. applicants who have obtained funding through other means, such as an outside grant or award, a home institution, or other forms of scholarship will also be considered. applicants are required to submit a budget detailing the practical and administrative costs of their research project. the main purpose of a budget is to outline what it will cost to complete the project outlined in your proposal. more information on budget guidelines is available here. . complete and submit the application webform. - page letter describing your interest in the lab and institutional corruption - -page research proposal for the project you would undertake - curriculum vitae applications or letters of recommendation received after the january 1st deadline will not be considered. from the start, research at the lab has been designed and conducted with real-world applications in mind. in , as the lab project nears the end of its five-year life, our aim is to release tools e.g. databases, guidelines, applications, etc. to the public and to policy-makers that work toward solving problems of institutional corruption in a variety of contexts. but we need help in addition to original research, the applied data fellow will maintain an ongoing dialogue with the lab fellows, whose academic and journalistic projects can be translated to and integrated in an inventive range of data-driven tools to reveal, correct, or prevent institutional corruption. such tools include publicly-accessible databases on conflicts of interest and on money's corrupting influence in government, healthcare, academia, and various professions; high-impact websites and ingenious applications to check and report on perceived and real institutional corruption in these fields; and educational, training and social media tools for raising awareness of both problems and solutions surrounding institutional corruption. learn about our past and current research projects here. the applied data fellow will be salaried and benefits eligible, and will be housed at the center. while highly competitive, this fellowship defies a one-size-fits-all description. researchers, scholars, and professionals from a broad variety of backgrounds are encouraged to apply. comprehensive quantitative problem-solving, coding, data integration visualization, and website development are among the relevant skills, alongside passion, independence, collegiality, and both the commitment and ability to see projects through to completion. to apply, see "how to apply" above. israeli lab fellowship residential every year we will devote one residential lab fellowship position to an israeli-born scholar or professional. the israeli fellow must be from the state of israel, residing within israel at the time of selection, and he she should be affiliated with an israeli university, college, or research institute. all of the above requirements and matters of eligibility are applicable, and applicants should follow the application procedures detailed above. this fellowship position was established in and made possible by a generous donation from mrs. lily safra, whose wish it is to promote and expand the study of ethics in the state of israel. network fellowships non-residential the network fellowship program aims to connect a cross-disciplinary group of scholars and practitioners around the world who are currently working independently on issues of institutional corruption as academic research projects or applied within their organizations. the purpose of the network is to connect these researchers and practitioners with each other to inspire new works of scholarship, and applications that are designed to solve problems of institutional corruption. the network fellowship program is a one year, non-residential position. network fellows are welcome to visit the center's offices in cambridge, ma during the academic year to meet with other network fellows, present their work to each other, and brainstorm new ideas. network fellows residing in cambridge will be invited to the lab's weekly seminar. network fellows residing elsewhere will be connected to others fellows throughout the year via a number of online channels. in most cases, network fellows are not funded by the center, however a small amount of funding could be made available to execute a specific project related to institutional corruption. during their tenure in the program, network fellows will have the title "edmond j. safra network fellow," at harvard university. the center will profile the network fellows and their relevant projects on its website. network fellows will be asked to contribute to the lab's online initiatives e.g. writing blog posts, contributing to an online video library, etc. . applicants wishing to join the network should submit a proposal describing the research or project they are currently working on, and how that research relates to the work of the lab. the lab would be particularly enthusiastic to receive proposals addressing issues such as conflicts of interest, public trust of institutions, and institutional discrimination from either a research perspective, or from a practice perspective offering tools that address these topics. application procedures can be found above under "how to apply." letters of reference and a budget are not required for this fellowship program. web developer - student employment seeking harvard graduate student or highly qualified undergrad brooke williams is an investigative reporter and lab fellow at the edmond j. safra center for ethics working on a project to systematically shed light on how corporations are partnering with think tanks to secretly shape public discourse and policy. for more information, see her working paper about the project. she is seeking a web developer who wants to be a part of a journalism project to combat institutional corruption, inform the public and hold the government accountable. a key component of this project will be a website to feature a data-driven web application that enables the public to search, visualize and otherwise explore connections among corporations, think tanks, lawmakers and public policies. start immediately, continuing work through the summer, with possibility of work next year. salary range , depending on year and qualifications. free to set own schedule, with hours to be determined upon eligibility.
__label__non_math	0.9983	sitting in his room on the first floor of the foreign commonwealth office, william hague looks over at a small bust of the former prime minister william pitt that sits at one end of the mantelpiece above a grand victorian fireplace. pitt is my hero on all policies, says the foreign secretary of the man who ran britain at the time of the french revolution and napoleonic wars. he s been brought into the office to watch over me. the thing you have to realise about him is that, on many things, he was a principled pragmatist. as hague settles into the role of foreign secretary in the new coalition government, this assessment of pitt goes some way to defining his outlook. for it is pragmatism rather than the pursuit of rigid ideology that hague wants britain s diplomacy to be about. throughout the life of the last government, there was a constant attempt by government ministers to try to define foreign policy from a firm moral standpoint. in , robin cook became foreign secretary and advocated the need to pursue an ethical foreign policy . tony blair then dominated the past decade with the belief that the uk had a gladstonian duty to pursue moral interventionism in foreign affairs, and lead britain into the conflicts in kosovo, sierra leone, iraq and afghanistan, with mixed results. hague, together with david cameron, has now eschewed all that. he still believes that british foreign policy should have a conscience and an obligation to help those less fortunate , but gladstonian interventionism has given way to a narrower and more prosaic view of the world one in which the driving phrase is enlightened national interest . for hague, this means british diplomacy is no longer about abstract ideas or pursuing some great moral crusade. instead, it is about establishing enduring bilateral relationships with emerging economies to boost the uk s trade and business links. above all, it is not a policy driven by a prime minister who makes decisions based on his personal conscience. rather, it involves all the major departments of state coming together in coordinated decision-making. this approach is certainly in tune with the national mood. after the controversy over iraq and afghanistan, the country has little taste for a return to blair s wars . moreover, as the new government pursues deep cuts in public spending, it is essential that every branch of government, including the foreign office, demonstrates genuine value, boosting uk plc . new business makers some sceptics wonder what this new commitment to a pragmatic, business-orientated foreign policy really means. is the fco an organisation that can make an impact in drumming up new business for the uk in the thick of the global economic crisis? how much can it arrest the decline in british influence in a world increasingly dominated by emerging powers such as china, india and brazil? and what implications will this have for britain s approach to its principal international partners the us and european union? hague and his colleagues are keen to trumpet a range of things they have done to change the nature of foreign policy, reforms that mark a big shift away from the blair years. in the time they have been in power, the new government s pragmatic approach appears to have had a number of key themes. first, it is bringing an adjustment in the way the uk views relations with the us and europe. the blair years were dominated by a romantic view of us-uk alliance in which it was deemed essential to hug washington close . but cameron has been far more hard-headed than his predecessors, arguing that the blair approach ultimately led to the debacle over iraq. his government is still closely aligned to the us on policy regarding the afghanistan conflict and the need to confront iran over its nuclear ambitions. but cameron has bluntly acknowledged that the uk is the us s junior partner and that britain must be more frank with the white house than it has been in the past when it disagrees with washington s policy. there has been a similar approach to the eu. before the election, many had assumed that cameron and hague both eurosceptics would take britain into a new era of acutely hostile relations between london and brussels. but that has not happened. the new government is determined not to surrender any more sovereignty to the eu. however, the tone of conservative foreign policy towards the eu is far more conciliatory and non-ideological than had been expected. as cameron said before the election: i think people will be pleasantly surprised by the constructive approach we take to the eu. second, a concerted attempt is being made to put business support at the heart of the fco. the government wants to recruit business leaders to a number of prominent jobs in the foreign office, potentially moving closer to the us model. it has taken an important step by appointing simon fraser, the top civil servant at the business department as the new head of the foreign office, and leon brittan, a former european commissioner for trade as a trade adviser. some of the foreign visits that hague and cameron have conducted in their first few weeks in office to india, turkey and china have all had a strong focus on trade. third, hague is making a big attempt to put the fco at the heart of decision-making on diplomacy: i was struck by how much people had got used to the line to take coming from elsewhere in foreign policy, he said. all that is changing. there s a prime minister who has opened the door again, he says. this means the fco is becoming the source of proposals that define policy-making and get pushed up to number . finally, hague and cameron have taken steps to get more coordination across government in terms of the way policy is made. the blair years were often dominated by criticism that the prime minister was indulging in a sofa government taking decisions with small coteries of advisers and failing to consult senior figures in departments across whitehall. hague and cameron have set up a new national security council at number that regularly brings together ministers and discusses key diplomatic and defence issues. cameron also took no fewer than five other cabinet ministers with him on his official visit to india. clearly, there is a serious attempt to change the mechanics of foreign policy-making. what will the effect of all this be? it is worth pointing out that the emphasis that the new government is putting on using diplomacy to drum up business for britain is nothing new. after all, in the 1980s, margaret thatcher s government made a concerted effort to achieve greater coordination between the work of the department for trade and industry and the fco. brenton, a former british ambassador to moscow, said: the image of unworldly aristocratic diplomats disdaining commercial work has long been no more than comfortable mythology. sir tony brenton claims that at the start of his career in cairo in the 1970s, the british ambassador of the time probably devoted more time to boosting british exports than to any other issue. and at the end, as ambassador in moscow, a key task for me was to protect british commercial interests through a period of very difficult political relations. the global stage many will also question how long the primacy of the fco in foreign policy-making will last. right now, cameron s focus is on dealing with the uk s domestic economic woes; he will be happy for hague to take the reins as the uk s chief diplomat. as time passes, this may well change. the global stage often proves to be a seductive place for the prime ministers of middle-ranking powers. labour ministers recall that when blair entered number he had shown only modest interest in international affairs. that soon changed once he was in office. above all, there is the question over the extent to which any rearranging of the furniture of foreign policy-making can really arrest the decline of british influence in the world. hague faces a huge challenge in terms of resources. in the forthcoming public spending round, he will have to fight to keep the current network of embassies. but far more significantly, the ministry of defence s budget will be slashed by at least over the next four years, with cuts worth billion. this scaling-back in the size of the uk armed forces may well bring a big diminution in the uk s global prestige and weight. the paradox for hague may well be that, if he cannot deploy a strong british contribution to global security, a powerful foreign secretary is ultimately ineffective. hague is working hard to reorganise the way in which whitehall formulates foreign policy. he is building up the fco, concentrating resources on relations with rising powers such as india and turkey, and better exploiting britain s diplomatic advantages. but in the wider scheme of things, the problem he faces is that britain s place in the world seems destined to decline as emerging powers such as brazil, india and china rise and the uk grapples with the burden of its fiscal crisis. hague may well turn out to be the most powerful foreign secretary britain has seen in decades but one whose term of office also marks a significant decline in britain s voice in the world.
__label__non_math	0.9999	a married female friend of mine was visiting her hometown on vacation without her husband she wanted to visit, he was working, it was all good with all involved parties . she was suntanning in a local park when some guy started trying to chat her up. she wasn't interested, but trying to be polite and give cues like inserting "my husband this, my husband that" into the conversation. so he wanted to know where her husband was, and she explained that he had not come with her on this trip. i know, she shouldn't have felt a need to explain a thing, but that's her nature . so he made comments like, 'oh, you must have a very open marriage then anyway, i think the default assumption should be "not an open marriage" until otherwise indicated.
__label__non_math	0.9991	i don't have problem with office romance if its done in an adult way. you don't engage in affairs at work no married people and you don't date anyone who supervises you or whom you supervise. physical displays of affection, pet names, and other outward signs of romantic behavior are left at home and that includes lunch breaks . if you break up or have an argument, that also stays at home - no sabotage, arguments in the break room, or bursting into tears when you see the other person. if you can't date someone under those requirements, then you shouldn't date someone at work. i also think it's important to be selective - only date someone whom you've known for a while and trust to behave in a mature fashion. risking an uncomfortable work environment for a quick fling isn't worth it, but passing up a relationship with an eligible person you're compatible with and attracted to is not necessarily a good idea either. you also have to be tactful about asking someone out, and take no for an answer. i'm in a field where you move fairly frequently and work long hours, often with quite a bit of travel, so most of my interaction is with people i meet professionally. meeting people outside work can be difficult, and in all honesty there are very few people willing to date female scientists other than male scientists. i'd say - of the married women in my field are married to other people in the field, or one closely related.
__label__non_math	0.9986	if i hear "he's too old for you" from my friends and family one more time i will implode. not only in my actual personal life, but in stupid situations like movies. i just want to watch skyfall in peace and stare at ralph fiennes in a suit without hearing a pre-emptive "look away, too old never heard of that before. my girl crush was on chistopher walken, and you know how many women and girls have swooned over sean connnery? and now a thing that drives me and my husband up the wall: each other and our unborn baby. you see, i'm over weeks pregnant, which means labor can start any time now. the baby is also kicking really hard sometimes, so i let out smell yelps or groans. and every time my husband is startled and goes like 'what?' 'are you ok?' 'what is happening?'. he means well, and he knows it's babykicks, but due to labor being so close he is on edge. and the constant replies to each little sound i make set me on edge as well.
__label__non_math	0.9999	my ds is months and has really hit the trantruming phase. if he is cross, unhappy, frustrated, or his will slighted in any way, he will crouch down and bang his head on the floor. if he doesn't know how hard the floor surface is, he'll do it very very gently at first, giving the impression that this screeching banshee lunatic toddler is just interrupting this tantrum to pray to mecca. the other day we went to the pool. there is a metre lap pool, metres deep at one end; a children's pool where all the lessons are, about metre deep; and a toddler pool that's 30cm deep at one end and just covers your toes at the other end. ds, of course, toddled straight for the lap pool, the deep end no less, and was outraged when i scooped him up and took him to the toddler pool. straight into tantrum mode, yelling, shrieking and going for the "whack my head on the floor" routine. he got a mouthful of water and sat up coughing and spluttering and sneezing. and then he did it again i am a terrible mother, because watching my son half drown himself in the name of completing his tantie was the funniest thing i've seen in months.
__label__non_math	1.0000	- usually ships in 24hrs: the item is at our distribution center and in most cases your order will be processed immediately. during times of higher order volume, your chosen shipping method can affect the processing time. priority is given to those paying for expedited shipping and handling. - usually ships in -days: the item is stocked by one of our local suppliers. after your order is received, it will be -days before the item arrives at our distribution center for processing. - usually ships in -weeks: the item is stocked by one of our out-of-town suppliers. after your order is received, it will be -weeks before the item arrives at our distribution center for processing. - out of stock: this item is currently not available for purchase. this status can change frequently, please check back with us. note: prior to submitting your order, please carefully review your invoice and shipping details. we process most order right away; as a result, making changes to your order can be difficult.
__label__non_math	1.0000	double vision: evans' double-double lands her co-atlantic sun player of the week honors monday, evans posted a monstrous game over the owls, as she finished with points, rebounds and five assists in the lady bucs' lone contest last week. the versatile player tied her career high in rebounds and set a season high in assists, while playing the entire minutes inside the the sport management major has posted back-to-back -rebound games and is the only player in the conference to be averaging a double-double. evans - who leads the team in scoring . and rebounding . - also ranks third in scoring and first in rebounding amongst a-sun players. the evans earned the weekly honor for the fourth time in her career, marking the highest total of any active league player. joining evans with a-sun player of the week honors was etsu concludes a season-long five-game road trip on sunday, dec. , when the lady bucs travel to the atlantic sun conference is an -member league committed to building winners for life, with a focus on academic and athletic integrity and a balance between the two for the student-athlete, and maintaining a high level of sportsmanship. headquartered in for more information on lady buccaneer basketball, visit
__label__non_math	0.9998	the texture, feel, and look is only partially captured in the photos. check the feedback to see what others are saying about this harness when they receive it. available in under-bust sizes that range from " to ". please be sure to indicate both underbust and waist size with your order in the 'message to seller' window. custom sizes are available for an additional . please inquire. this piece is also available in coffee brown, black, and metallic copper. see the other listings. have any questions? contact the shop owner.
__label__non_math	0.9995	i used a vintage aqua blue czechoslovakian glass faceted jewel encased in vintage brass filigree and a bronzed brass sparrow bird charm for this solid brass ring. size . adjustable at no extra charge ; follow your want to see similar filigree jewelry designs? there are many more in my shop: federikas vintage filigree...the art of luxury in handcrafted artisan jewelry federikas. . enter my shop federikas.etsy.com for terms of sale contact me or see my shop policies before purchasing. international orders including canada are insured. insurance is already included in the shipping price listed. have any questions? contact the shop owner.
__label__non_math	0.9999	become a fan scroll down to find what we have to offer, from boiler sets to stainless steel sauce and saut pans to braziers and lids. if that perfect piece of cookware still eludes you, please call our professional sales staff at -888-388- or contact us and we ll be glad to help. any restaurateur knows that hiring the wrong employee can be very costly for business. not only will a bad employee cost you literally, by spending the money to hire and train them and the employee that eventually replaces them, but the level of work they bring to the table in your restaurant can also be very costly.
__label__non_math	0.9947	hi guys, i've been making music for some time now, and i thought i'd share it. this is the first time i'm ever made any of it openly available to other human beings, soooo... anyway, here's the main page: becomeethereal - soundcloud pieces uploaded so far - sunday - a classical piece i made some time ago. i think it was the first proper song i made. elven prospect - i wrote this quite recently, i think it's one of my favourite pieces i've made. skyrim theme remix - electro remix of the skyrim theme. still working on the ending, and will eventually extend it to the full thing. gerudo valley - another electro remix, this time of the gerudo valley song from ocarina of time. i'm still working in on it. i know it cuts off at the end, it's because i haven't finished it yet. tippex - an original song, i think it's pretty cool. needs more production. that's it so far. i have plenty of others, but none that are really good enough to share. try, sunday and tippex are originals. and yes, i am super crap and naming songs let me know what you think there's always a bigger fish - qui gon jinn. you shall learn that history is an intricate weaving of many events. no one thing can be understood without the proper context. the best techniques are passed on by the survivors. last edited by dannikjerriko on fri ; edited time in total
__label__non_math	0.9989	woooooooooow click here to see the hidden message it might contain spoilers what a great twist mara: "not many people dare to hug me" lando: "that leaves more of you for me then "sure i can't move a rock with my mind, but, boy can i make that rock think its been moved."
__label__non_math	0.6443	i got that last night when i passed 300 hours... and has anyone got dawnguard? i'm afraid to say i've already completed it and am now doing their radiant quests, which are much, much better than normal radiant quests. i chose the dawnguard. you get almost no advantages, except the crossbow and armoured trolls mine does 250 damage when wearing all my enchanted armour points fire damage i added this myself and ignores of armour you get this by doing a quest to find upgrade schematics . i called it agdinok, which is "burndeath" in dragon language you also get a fantastic follower, plus other random dawnguard members. it adds a few more locations, one of which is a dwemer ruin, and another is a drug den i don't know if there are more, i need to do some exploring. now for some spoilers; click here to see the hidden message it might contain spoilers you know the history of the falmer? they were snow elves, forced underground by the nords way back when they conquered skyrim, made an "uneasy" alliance with the dwemer, then were betrayed and blinded forever. thus the falmer. well, you get to meet actual snow elves. and you get a bow called auriel's bow, which, when using a special arrow, you can fire at the sun, and it does a storm call-like thing, where sunbeams rain down, burning everyone around you. also, one of the radiant quests is someone in fort dawnguard a specific character, not someone random will tell you "your friend" has been kidnapped by vampires, and you have to go rescue one of your followers from a random location. sometimes, it will be your wife husband if you're married. and i think bethesda may listen to fans; i fast-travelled to whiterun, and got attacked by vampires i don't know whether this is new or not, but i worked out how to control the zoom when in third person; hold down the right analog stick then use the left analog stick to control the zoom level. i recommend dawnguard. it's ms points. don't know how much for pc or ps3. oh wait you can't get it yet edit: my playtime is roughly 3x the average playtime. it was hours in february, so i can only assume it's gone up to, say... 110? i'm at 302. edit i can see where this is going... again : you know the tales of the lusty argonian maid? well in dawnguard, i've just found a book called the sultry argonian bard: vol and now we can make arrows. and i can now have two active standing stones. i won't say how, but it is legit, and not cheaty. it's from a quest. there's always a bigger fish - qui gon jinn. you shall learn that history is an intricate weaving of many events. no one thing can be understood without the proper context. the best techniques are passed on by the survivors.
__label__non_math	0.9998	i learned that i should take on anything that gene suggested by claudia bushman i am sure everyone will say how wonderful gene england was. i quite agree. he was larger than life, and his life was an open book. he left a record of his thoughts. he put himself on the line. as he said, in a statement truer today than in when he wrote it: t he church community is blessed, not fractured, by those who express themselves sincerely and openly even their disagreements and their vulnerability rather than those who keep silent in public but criticize in private or harbor resentment or guilt or gnaw alone on the bones of their failures and hurts. the great thing about gene was his openness, his willingness to speak out and to welcome others into his counsels. charlotte has advised us not to write eulogies for this collection, a hard direction to follow. for the purposes of this tribute, i am going to talk about the influence gene had over me, which was direct and real. he made a difference in my life. the first was that he gave our little boston collective of mormon feminists permission to edit an issue of dialogue. i had had great reservations about asking for this favor. women in the sixties, especially mormon women, did not take themselves very seriously and doubted that anyone else would either. but gene, with scarcely a second thought or reservation, said yes and told us to go ahead. working on that issue changed the whole dynamic of our monthly women s meetings. we focused on a project that we could all work on in our own distinctive ways. we came up with lists, did research, wrote essays, critiqued things that came our way. the result was a real product, not just more talk, and it turned out to be a landmark publication. it s not that it was so great actually, it does have some very odd things in it but like the talking dog or the preaching female, that it existed at all was quite a marvel. that was in volume vi, back in . forty-plus years after dialogue began its publication, that issue may still be one of the best known. more important, from my point of view, the project cemented a group of housewives together and prepared them to take on more projects. having gene s approval gave us confidence and the assurance that we could do something. we became a cohesive group, still closely knit together long after the fact. and speaking personally, it made an immense difference to me. i had never wanted to or liked to write, and i still don t. i had no ambitions in that direction. but that experience turned me into a writer and an editor. gene did that with a simple yes. and then there were other instances. sometime down the line, under pressure from somebody, i wrote an essay in which i spoke about my mother s death and that of others. i remember that somebody didn t like my essay and wanted it fixed, but i didn t know what kind of fixing it needed. someone else said that it was a nice piece and recommended publication. after it was published, gene decided, on the basis of that little piece with its contested approvals, that i was a good writer. he quoted that essay and frequently said nice things about my writing. there is no question that i was elevated in the eyes of others because of his good words. i couldn t believe that he really thought that highly of my abilities, and so i was very surprised when in he asked me to review two of his books for byu studies. he may have thought i owed him, which i certainly did. i agreed to do it and took the responsibility seriously. the two books of essays, dialogues with myself midvale, utah: orion books, and why the church is as true as the gospel salt lake city: bookcraft, revealed who gene was. he laid himself out on the page. i said lots of good things about him and the books, but later felt that maybe i had been too critical and wounded him. i said what i thought, and in rereading that review recently, i think i spoke truly about him. i noted there that he may have been the first sensitive mormon man, willing to give women more than a fair shake and known to weep from time to time. he is a great confessor who opens his life and heart to others and encourages reciprocation. though buffeted by the slings and arrows of critics and officials who have not particularly appreciated his style, and despite the fact that his world view is basically tragic, he maintains a boyish cheerfulness and has not fallen victim to the bitterness that afflicts other liberal mormons when the church has not come around. he did tell me that he took a lot of heat from females in his family about the sensitive business. gene was an early practitioner of lived religion, the school of theology that concentrates on the theological thoughts and attitudes of a religion s congregants rather than those of the leaders. by placing his emphasis on the people and their experience, he opens wide spaces for worship previously available but unrecognized. and what is best, he did this in writing, so that it remains to be considered fresh by every new generation. signature books has now made his dialogues with myself available online and all would do well to look it over from time to time. gene s personal writings connect with mormons in ways that conference talks do not. as i said long ago in my review: england is at his best, i think, in the shorter, more personal pieces such as his justly celebrated blessing the chevrolet in which he unites the world of belief in god and the everyday world of failing autos, and uses the power from one to heal the other. this synthesis is his great strength, and the piece is faith-promoting literature at its best while also being, as in the title, outrageous england. this stance gives credibility to his world, as in the case where he civilizes such bizarre doings as the hosanna shout. his role models are orson pratt, juanita brooks, and, most of all, joseph smith, all of whom suffered for living up to what seemed to them the best of their inner light and for doing their duty. . . . the endurance of brigham young and spencer w. kimball inspire him. he grapples with the paradoxes of obedience and inner light. his lived religion focus makes it possible for him to consider the church the best medium, apart from marriage . . . for helping us gain salvation by grappling constructively with the opposition of existence. revisiting that old review has made me realize how true gene was to himself, and to the church. he found his voice early and used it in thoughtful and quotable works to the end. i was involved in one of gene s final projects, one he passed on to bob rees to complete. the readers book of mormon was published by signature books in . gene called me one evening and invited me to write an introduction to a section of the book of mormon. i had learned that i should take on anything that gene suggested, but this one stopped me cold. i had to admit that i didn t know anything about the book of mormon, that i had never been to lds seminary, institute, byu, or any other of those places where such knowledge was gained. i had read it and read in it from time to time, but never without a purpose, and all questions were dispatched to my husband richard, my never-failing resident scriptural scholar. gene, laughed and laughed, and then reissued the invitation. amazingly, he was not looking for gospel expertise. he wanted personal responses, fresh looks, short essays that responded in individual ways. and so i took on the dreaded nephi and the generally ignored little books and found enough there to make them mine forever. eugene england stood at the juncture of two cultures. his identity as an intellectual academic liberal was responsible for his writing at all. his mythic, primitive believer s stance informed his content. he defined mormon intellectuals as having the gift that made them curious about why as well as how, anxious to serve the lord by being creative as well as obedient. he wrote and lived in the tension at the crux of those two traditions. yet having worked out the right way to go, he was always tolerant of others views. as he said: true disciples of christ, true christians, will ignore persecution and resist the paranoia it naturally brings, will blend their energies to loving and serving others, whatever their differences, and thus will endure and be saved. his steady affirmation remains a blessing for all of us. . eugene england, dialogues with myself, , quoted in claudia bushman, book reviews, byu studies summer : , 114. . claudia bushman, book reviews, byu studies summer , 111. . ibid., 112 . . eugene england, why the church is as true as the gospel, , quoted in bushman, byu studies, 111. . eugene england, dialogues with myself, , quoted in bushman, byu studies, 113. . ibid., 190.
__label__non_math	0.9985	university of michigan u-m scientists have made an important step toward what could become the first vaccine in the u.s. to prevent urinary tract infections, if the robust immunity achieved in mice can be reproduced in humans. the findings are published september in the open-access journal plos pathogens. urinary tract infections utis affect percent of women and percent of men at least once in their lives. these infections lead to lost work time and .million medical provider's office visits, .million emergency room visits and 245,000 hospitalizations a year, with an annual cost of .billion in the united states. to help combat this common health issue, the u-m scientists used a novel systematic approach, combining bioinformatics, genomics and proteomics, to look for key parts of the bacterium, escherichia coli, that could be used in a vaccine to elicit an effective immune response. the team, led by dr. harry l.t. mobley, ph.d., screened ,379 possible bacterial proteins and identified three strong candidates to use in a vaccine to prime the body to fight e. coli, the cause of most uncomplicated urinary tract infections. the vaccine prevented infection and produced key types of immunity when tested in mice. scientists have attempted to develop a vaccine for utis over the past two decades. this latest potential vaccine has features that may better its chances of success. it alerts the immune system to iron receptors on the surface of bacteria that perform a critical function allowing infection to spread. administered in the nose, it induces an immune response in the body's mucosa, a first line of defense against invading pathogens. the response, also produced in mucosal tissue in the urinary tract, should help the body fight infection where it starts. mobley's team is currently testing more strains of e. coli obtained from women treated at u-m. most of the strains produce the same iron-related proteins that cthe vaccine targets, an encouraging sign that the vaccine could work against many urinary tract infections. mobley is seeking partners in clinical research to move the vaccine forward into a phase trial in humans. if successful, this vaccine would take several more years to reach the market. financial disclosure: this work has been funded by public health service grant ai043363 from the national institutes of health. the funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript. competing interests: the authors have declared that no competing interests exist. please add this link to the published article in online versions of your report: link will go live upon embargo lift citation: alteri cj, hagan ec, sivick ke, smith sn, mobley hlt mucosal immunization with iron receptor antigens protects against urinary tract infection. plos pathog : e1000586. doi:. journal.ppat. anne rueter, firstname.lastname nicole fawcett, email this press release refers to an upcoming article in plos pathogens. the release is provided by the article authors and their institution. any opinions expressed in these releases or articles are the personal views of the journal staff and or article contributors, and do not necessarily represent the views or policies of plos. plos expressly disclaims any and all warranties and liability in connection with the information found in the releases and articles and your use of such information. about plos pathogens plos pathogens publishes outstanding original articles that significantly advance the understanding of pathogens and how they interact with their host organisms. all works published in plos pathogens are open access. everything is immediately available subject only to the condition that the original authorship and source are properly attributed. about the public library of science the public library of science plos is a non-profit organization of scientists and physicians committed to making the world's scientific and medical literature a freely available public resource. for more information, visit aaas and eurekalert
__label__non_math	0.9351	12th october there is a euromillions double rollover jackpot to play for this friday october, after no player managed to match the five main numbers , , , and as well as both lucky star numbers and on friday october. the euromillions double rollover jackpot this friday will be worth around million, which is around million for our uk readers. five euromillions players matched the five main numbers and one lucky star last week to win 649,417 around 606,926 , and twelve more matched the five main numbers only to win ,789 around ,764 each. overall, the euromillions lottery awarded more than .million prizes, so our guess is that there were plenty of people around europe hosting impromptu parties last friday to celebrate their good fortune. if you weren t one of those prize winners last week then you can console yourself with the fact that you now have an even bigger jackpot to play for this friday. million is a serious amount of money by any standards, and even if you had to share it with three other winners you would still enjoy a share worth more than million because a double rollover jackpot is worth around three times as much as a regular euromillions jackpot, it can be a good idea to employ a more serious playing strategy to try and maximise your chances of winning. our advice would be to look back at the hints that we presented in our superdraw strategies article and see if any of those ideas appeal to you. many of you will also want to consider using a euromillions lottery system such as our guaranteed euromillions system or our lucky star system. whatever strategy you adopt, you should of course buy tickets online so that you don t risk losing your entries or missing out by forgetting to check the euromillions results. and, don t forget, you can enter the same numbers for multiple draws when playing online if you want to make life even easier for yourself. we offer our congratulations to everyone who won a prize in the euromillions game last week, and we also wish you the best of luck as you play for the euromillions double rollover jackpot this friday page last updated: :
__label__non_math	0.9994	winter village: clock tower posted december - thanks for the encouragement. brick on and merry christmas 'alanmuhl' posted december - this will eventually become part of my own winter village along with the bakery, toy shop, post office and holiday train. what do you need to do to make it part of your village? i really like the clock tower, but i would like to see some close-ups of it and some different views. great first contest entry i've yet to enter a contest , keep it up edited by andy d, december - . get organized and build more is my motto for posted december - elon chorian, hersir, master architect and master mason of valholl. round one defender, siege master, trade economic titan, royal architect, admiral of the mitgardian fleet, head priest and bard of the mighty mitgardia. reply to this topic user s are reading this topic members, guests, anonymous users
__label__non_math	0.9999	comet owner opcapita has reportedly bought game. the telegraph believes opcapita has bought game for a nominal , which brings the retailer out of administration. but it has taken on the group's million debt. no deal for game group's international business has been made, however. hilco and gamestop are said to be interested. the bbc claimed the deal will keep open game's 333 stores and save jobs. game went into administration last monday after failing to pay its million rent bill. shortly after administrator pwc closed 277 shops and let go over staff across the uk and ireland. the royal bank of scotland, which reportedly blocked a bid from opcapita before game went into administration, was thought to be ready with its own bid. that has now fallen by the wayside. game group collapsed after a catastrophic christmas and the loss of credit insurance. it then found itself unable to stock some of the biggest games of the year, including ea's mass effect , and was forced to cancel pre-orders. pwc said game group suffered from its expansion overseas and the close proximity of its stores in the uk.
__label__math	0.7300	sheet labels are very useful for many reasons. sheet labels are just that labels that come on sheets. you can put them into your inkjet or laser printer and even photocopier and be able to have the exact printed labels that you have always wanted to have. you can also make sure that your printing is done neatly and correctly, as long as you are using the right type of sheet labels. the a4 sheet labels are inkjet labels, laser labels and copier labels in one.it is very important to create your documents with the type of sheet labels that you will be using in mind. remember that when it comes to sheet labels, each of the brands and each of the sizes are a tiny bit different. you will want to be aware of this fact so you can be sure to create your documents in the right manner. you want to be sure that you have used the program you are typing in, in order to set up the sizes of sheet labels that you'll be using before you print. then, you can be sure that you are creating the labels on your computer with the right sizes and fonts, and that they look great.often, a good idea is to test before you use the sheet labels in your printer. you can run the labels on a regular piece of paper, just to make sure that they are the right size and that they are aligned correctly. you can lay the sheet labels either above or below this paper to see if it matches. select your sheet labels
__label__non_math	0.9995	one of the most exciting quarterfinal playoffs clashes in recent history will be decided one way or another on wednesday when cska moscow hosts olympiacos piraeus in deciding game in the russian capital. olympiacos stunned cska in game -on lynn greer s buzzer-beating jump shot, but cska evened the score in game in athens as the trio of matjaz smodis, trajan langdon and ramunas siskauskas shined in a -victory. now both teams will pull out all the stops and try to put their best foot forward to clinch a spot at next month s final four in madrid. history favors cska, as not only have head coach ettore messina s charges been to a record five consecutive final fours, but never before had the russian champs lost a playoff game at home and the odds of that happening twice in eight days are slim. furthermore, never before has a euroleague basketball series seen all the games go to the visiting team. on the other hand, the reds have reasons for optimism. head coach panagiotis giannakis s charges have shown plenty of mental toughness recently, including winning their last three road games at some tough arenas. additionally, olympiacos forward qyntel woods has been hot lately on both ends of the floor and his game defensive showing against reigning euroleague mvp theo papaloukas was a main reason for the outcome of that contest. however the reds, who have battled injuries all season long, will be shorthanded again as arvydas macijauskas and kostas vasileadis are out against cska. a key statistic in the series thus far has been three-point shooting. cska was below its average with just . in its game loss, but made . in the game win. meanwhile olympiacos shot from downtown in moscow, but . in athens. if any of the many sharpshooters on either side heats up in game , it could prove to be a major factor between these defensive minded sides. cska will look to its experience to help get through this challenge as it can boast a roster with eight players that won the euroleague title with the club two years ago. olympiacos will look to greer to lead the team, with woods, rod blakney and reserves georgios printezis and ioannis bouroussis asked to rise to the occasion. all signs point to a tense and low-scoring defensive battle, however with so many excellent offensive players on the floor, one man s brilliance can make the difference in a series whose outcome will shape two teams entire season. tuesday,
__label__non_math	0.9989	top -bound barcelona was a little too much for already-eliminated alba, beating the german champs on the road in berlin, -, in the last regular season game for both teams. the victory came with a prize for barcelona: despite finishing -, barcelona placed second in group a due to a tiebreak loss with benetton. nonetheless, wednesday's victory assured barca the best second-place record in the regular season, meaning it will head one of the four top groups to be drawn on saturday. barcelona's dominance inside already supplied a basis for the victory in the first half on wednesday against an alba frontcourt that missed injured rebounder quadre lollis. barcelona was led in scoring by dejan bodiroga with points and juan carlos navarro with . anderson varejao sparked the defensive effort with rebounds and of barcelona's blocked shots. alba, which could not finish any better than seventh, win or lose, saw its record settle at -. the berliners got a huge performance from center jovo stanojevic, who finished with points and rebounds, while dejuan collins chipped in points and assists. the game started slow, with both teams immediately putting much emphasis on defense and looking on offense for the easy baskets inside. barcelona led -after minutes when outside shooting started to make a huge difference: collins and stefano garris missed their three-pointers, while sarunas jasikevicius popped in a row and gregor fucka another, boosting barca to an -lead in just the next minutes. with both coaches inserting their bench players now, alba at the end of the first quarter forced some turnovers from barcelona, but stanojevic missed of free throws that would have reduced barcelona's lead below -at the end of minutes. in the second quarter, alba kept on missing shots, even many easy ones, which gave local product patrick femerling and bodiroga the opportunity to put barcelona further ahead at -. barcelona now began to build a frightening dominance under the boards with roberto due as intimidating alba's undermanned front line and varejao grabbing lots of offensive rebounds. alba was missing lollis badly and did not have much to throw against barcelona's huge frontcourt except stanojevic, who led his team into halftime with points. he got little scoring help at all from alba's other players, however, as the hosts managed to make only percent of their shots from the field in minutes. the result was an already-dominant -lead for barcelona, which already had points from bodiroga and from due as. alba came out of the break with some better shots by garris and collins and quick fingers on defense, which left barcelona scoring only points during minutes but could only diminish the deficit to -. barcelona did not like alba's quick tempo, but got some relief in the form of three-pointers, from navarro and rodrigo de la fuente, that pushed the lead up to -. alba was looking quicker on the boards, too, but continued to miss enough open shots to lag far behind. collins finally hit alba's first triple of the game and stanojevic cut barcelona's lead down to points, -. after navarro and femerling added baskets for barca, stanojevic scored the last points of the quarter, but the visitors' -point margin still held -. in the final quarter, alba continued to rely successfully on stanojevic, just as barcelona did on bodiroga, who drew the fifth foul on garris. bodiroga wanted to decide the game quickly, but missed twice against collins in attempt to increase what was a -lead. alba fought hard, but the clock was against the berliners. when navarro drilled baskets for -, the outcome was clear. barcelona's future looked even better, but alba would have to wait for another year. wednesday,
__label__non_math	0.9989	meps do not oppose community list by sophie petitjean the european parliament s committee on the environment, public health and food safety envi has decided not to oppose a proposed regulation establishing a list of approved health claims about foodstuffs. during a vote, on march , the envi committee rejected a resolution, proposed by chris davies alde, uk and sirpa pietik inen epp, finland , opposing the list of health claims that has been drawn up by the european commission based on advice from the european food safety authority efsa . just before the vote, the christian democrat group had promised to back the resolution opposing the list. health claims are information featured on food labels for marketing purposes, which emphasise the nutritious benefit of certain ingredients. in july , the european commission proposed introducing eu authorisation procedures in order to guarantee that health and nutrition claims featured on the packaging or in the presentation and marketing of foodstuffs are clear, precise and based on scientifically proven evidence. under the resulting regulation no. on health and nutrition claims about foodstuffs , adopted in , the commission was supposed to approve a community list of authorised health claims, using requests from member states and opinions from efsa ,000 requests, consolidated in a list of ,600 claims , before january . at the beginning of , the commission published a list of 222 approved health claims, consolidated in a series of regulations see background . in line with eu procedure, the list will only be considered adopted when the council has formally decided not to oppose the proposal. it has already been approved by the committee of permanent representatives coreper, march and was to be approved by a qualified majority of ministers during the transport council, on march. however, the belgian delegation had indicated its intention to abstain from the vote, while the danish delegation has announced that it will oppose the adoption of the regulation, saying that the list of health claims is not compatible with the aim or the content of the directive on which it is based: several claims featured on this list do not take into account the principle of consumer understanding article , paragraph of the regulation and could result in confusion and consumer error. moreover, the list contains a series of claims which pose a threat to consumer safety, said copenhagen. once the regulation has been adopted, all health claims not included in the list will have to be withdrawn from the market. the european consumers organisation beuc welcomed the result of the envi committee s vote. director-general monique goyens said: today s vote is a significant step in the right direction. it will stop consumers from being misled by unsubstantiated, exaggerated or untruthful claims about foodstuffs. only genuine health claims will be allowed to remain on the market . the agri-food industry, represented by food drink europe, also welcomed the vote, which came after a long and complicated procedure. nonetheless, regarding future requests, the organisation reiterated its previous call for improved dialogue and follow-up procedures between those submitting requests and efsa. this would provide greater certainty for the food industry when investing in research and development and innovation. the list is available at once the regulation has been adopted, all health claims not included in the list will have to be withdrawn from the market in line with regulation no. , the commission put forward three proposals: . a regulation establishing a list of authorised health claims for foodstuffs other than those referring to the reduction of the risk of illness, as well as to development and infant health; . a regulation concerning the refusal to authorise certain health claims about foodstuffs and also referring to the reduction of the risk of illness, as well as to development and infant health; and . a regulation rejecting certain health claims about foodstuffs and not referring to the reduction of the risk of illness or to development and child health. the commission also put forward a proposal to amend the measures in annex ii of regulation ec no. as regards the conditions of use and the use levels for aluminium-containing food additives. in november , it proposed a regulation amending the original regulation no. . this proposal was rejected by parliament, on january.
__label__non_math	1.0000	modern living innovative design inspiring ideas alessilux led accent light this table lamp design is such a fun, modern spin on the original oil lamp. - p. jackson, interior designer about euro style home this work is licensed under a creative commons attribution-noncommercial .unported license. browse by tags receive the latest offers, promotions, and ideas... sign up for email alerts
__label__non_math	0.9575	articles by topic germany mar papyrus will exit envelope manufacturing business to focus on its core paper distributing business. feb sheeting operations at mets board s gohrsm hle plant in germany are interrupted due to a fire that broke out early this morning. feb kemira pulls out of the titanium dioxide joint venture sachtleben to focus on water intensive industries. nov the direction that newsprint prices will head is now clear, at least according to producers. once again, the tone for the negotiations was set at the number one industry event.
__label__non_math	0.9955	more than 100 people were at st mark's church, in shettleston, to discuss a health scare caused by a fire at a disused school. locals voiced their concerns to solicitors patrick mcguire and chris gordon and shettleston councillor frank mcaveety. the meeting was called by thompsons solicitors, a firm specialising in asbestos compensation claims. council chiefs insist that only "extremely low amounts of asbestos fibres were found" after vandals torched st mark's primary two months ago. the school which had lain empty for two years was later demolished. asbestos fibres were removed from the roofs nearby. resident nessie mitchell, , said she thought the council handled this "totally inappropriately". she said: "they should have had a strategy in place to deal with this sort of incident. they should have demolished that school as soon as they were finished using it or at least have had -hour security on the site." mr mcguire said that there is no law which suggests local authorities must demolish or remove the material. he said the best course of action would be to form an action group to highlight the risk of asbestos in disused buildings. mr mcguire said: "there is a gap in legislation that this incident highlights." councillor mcaveety said forensic data is still being collected but he "guaranteed" that a meeting with council officers would be called once all the forensic data was available. a council spokeswoman described some comments on the situation as "scaremongering."
__label__non_math	1.0000	check out upcoming events by this organizer, or organize your very own event. alcatraz clinic at alcatraz - friday march 1st. a.m. friday, at pst san francisco, ca alcatraz swim clinic at alcatraz friday march 1st meeting time: a.m. minimum - maximum swimmers place to meet: fisherman wharf -jefferson street and jones st, san francisco, next to castagnola's restaurant. by taking one of our clinics you receive a discount for one or many of our monthly alcatraz swims. during our alcatraz clinics, swimmers are transported to alcatraz by boat. once we arrive at alcatraz the participants swim parallel to the island to experience sighting and feel the currents of the bay. after the swimmers return to the boat they are taken to the potato patch where they can experience the rough water directly in front of alcatraz. this would be the start of the swim practice. this is very valuable experience so that on race day you don't encounter an unwelcome surprise-you are ready many swimmers who have trained with us during our clinics have reported better times in their competitions this year, plus they felt strong and confident during their race. alcatraz clinic at alcatraz - no refunds or transfers- please read our rollover program place to meet: fisherman wharf -jefferson street and jones st., san francisco next to castagnola's restaurant by taking one of our clinics you receive a discount for any of our monthly alcatraz swims. meeting time: a.m. minimum - maximum swimmers maximum swimmers no passengers these clinics- observers must pay the same fee as a swimmer taking the clinic. no refunds. no transfers. water world swim has been offering open water swimming events and training programs for over years. some of our programs include the swim with pedro weekly workouts and training sessions, regular alcatraz crossings and instructional clinics, the new waves program for young swimmers with an interest in open water swimming, and our numerous open water races and events. our swims have been chosen for their beauty, safety , and general coolness factor. each swim is prepared, organized, and guided by a team of local coaches and swimmers with vast experience and in-depth knowledge of the local waters. all our swims are fully certified, permitted and supported by the u.s. coast guard. we welcome swimmers from all over the world with all levels of ability. if you are training for an upcoming competition, want to accomplish a swim from alcatraz, or just want to experience swimming in the beautiful waters of the san francisco bay, then we encourage you to join us. we offer something for everyone. invite you to check our swim program listing full of swimming events for everyone interested in taking the challenge and register in the swim of your choice. your message has been sent in order to purchase these tickets in installments, you'll need an eventbrite account. log in or sign up for a free account to continue.
__label__non_math	1.0000	thank you for choosing eventective. our event agent will contact the venues and vendors whose services you require. only those who are available on your event date and can provide the services you ve specified will contact you. these companies pay eventective a small fee for our services and will contact you directly with quotes and other information. your first responses should arrive within -days. please be respectful by submitting serious requests only and responding promptly to all replies you receive. by submitting a request you have acknowledged eventective's terms conditions.
__label__non_math	1.0000	getting started checklist learn about the college take time to browse the evcc website: learn about programs, student services, and activities. follow the getting started checklist below to ensure a smooth start. the earlier the better. we encourage students to apply online. when you apply online your letter of admission, student identification number sid and pin will be sent directly to your email inbox. you will be able to begin your next steps right away. so don't delay, apply online today apply for financial aid fill out your free application for federal student aid fafsa as soon as you can. take the placement test evcc requires all new and returning students to complete placement testing. you can access our testing schedule online. not sure if you have to test? typically all students should complete evcc's placement testing. however, if you are taking less than credits, not a math or an english or any class that has a math or english prerequiste or if you have tested within the past years or if you have completed intermediate alegbra and college composition or if you have college level credits you may be eligible for a test waiver. if you feel you qualify for a test waiver, please fill out the test waiver application form and submit it to the enrollment services office. complete mandatory orientation we have really streamlined our mandatory orientation. now completely online you can browse through evcc's policies, learn of the many resources, services, and activities available here on campus. best of all it is completelly online and you can complete orientation at your own pace. there is so much information and many times you will be encouraged to look at other useful pages throughout our website. we also encourage you to visit the mandatory orientation site again if you need to learn more about services or programs here on campus. we hope you enjoy the online session we have put together with our students in mind. get started with your orientation now. meet with an educational planner educational planners provide entry advising and can help you select clases for your first quarter based on your placement test scores. the educational planning center is located in the parks student union, 3rd floor. call 425-388- or e-mail firstname.lastname if you have questions. register for classes after getting your student id number and pin, completing your placement testing, and online orientation you are ready to register. we encourage student to use the online registration system. access all our online services through the student kiosk. we are also available to assist students in person at enrollment services in the parks student union, room 201. pay your tuition and fees you may pay in the parks student union, room 201 or pay your tuition and fees online. don't forget, evcc offers a convenient payment plan. forms are available at the cashiers office located in parks student union, room 201. arrange for transportation, parking and or childcare you can purchase a parking pass at the cashier's office located in the parks student union, room 201. information on parking and public transportation is available online. check out evcc s early learning center for children ages -. buy your books visit the evcc bookstore in the parks student union or buy your books online. go to class check your student e-mail go to the login for your student gmail account. username: first initial middle initial full last name use the letter x if you have no middle name registered with the college . example: joe f. smith would be 'jfsmith' password: first letter of your first name capitalized the first letter of your last name in lower case your full sid visit the enrollment services office in the parks student union, room 201, email your questions or call 425-388- and press to request help.
__label__non_math	0.9984	evergreen's defensive play earns team a win in first home game olympia, wash. - the geoducks will go for another win tomorrow night when they host whitman college saturday at . evergreen won theirseason home opener -over pacific university ore tonight in the green house. four players scored in the double digits for the geoducks. sophomore nathan menefee led the team with points followed by marcus whittaker and jose feliciano with each. david howard added . pacific was led by garold howe with points. howe recorded steals in the fast paced game that saw combined turnovers by both teams. evergreen had turnovers to pacific's . the boxers had of those turnovers happen in the second period. p evergreen's michael ward had steals as the geoducks snagged the ball eleven times from pacific players. the defensive play earned praise by the evergreen coaching staff. "that was totally awesome basketball
__label__non_math	0.9998	evergreen in the news - evergreen grad shook the global austerity debate - national survey reports high level of student engagement at evergreen - more news... what s here is unique in the country. it s about a sense of self and where you fit in the world. you get the school to work for you, not the other way around. see for yourself: visit evergreen go beyond classes, majors, and grades and experience your education the way you imagine it.
__label__non_math	1.0000	outback, forester, impreza, legacy and tribeca in auburn, me check out our full line of competitively-priced new subaru cars in auburn, maine. our customers from the portland area are raving about the new outback, forester, impreza, legacy, brz and tribeca. with a variety of wondering how subaru models stack up to the competition? check out our subaru comparison charts to see how your next subaru compares to other vehicles in its class if the subaru forester, impreza, legacy, outback, tribeca or wrx sti and or color of your choice is not available from our large selection, we can locate your vehicle in seconds through our computerized nationwide vehicle locator service cnvls . please email us at email, call 888 250- or click here to use our carfinder form don't forget to click get eprice in the blue box by your favorite new subaru for special online prices
__label__non_math	1.0000	country: united kingdom v bolton around favourite everton moment favourite all time player alan ball. he was the greatest player not just in evertons history but was the greatest player in british football history. favourite current player mikel arteta. the way he takes free kicks and corners are amazing. joe royle. he got us out of trouble in and won us the fa cup. fa cup final. nobody expected us to win. yakubus 2nd v portsmouth its a grand old team to play for.
__label__non_math	0.9524	...i do not answer calls with name unavailable...also very strange ...no message left ...just static... nuisance calls...wish i could stop them... 955-119- 955 119- phone call reports received a call from this number om my skpe phone. disconnected, no message. got a call around with number 955 119- which just by the number it looks very suspecious, when i picked up, there was just a background somewhat like an elevator music or a when someone puts you on hold. yet there's no one that comes in to say anything. anyone has any idea what this might be? plays some sort of wierd christain music and then disconnects. i got a call too but since my ringer was off i didn't hear it. no message left. wont stop calling, but the messages just have alot of static in background
__label__non_math	0.9999	julie's vegan kimchi i love kimchi - cups water - tablespoons sweet rice flour cup minced ginger cup minced garlic large head nappa cabbage about - pounds , sliced into -inch or larger pieces and quartered -tablespoons kosher salt tablespoons korean hot pepper flakes cup thinly sliced scallions . in a saucepan, whisk together water and rice flour until smooth. heat over medium heat, whisking continuously, until mixture thickens and starts to simmer. remove from heat and let cool off a bit. add ginger and garlic, whisking well. . in a very large bowl, add cabbage and sprinkle with salt, pepper and scallions, tossing to mix. let sit for minutes. pour sauce over cabbage, tossing well. . let cabbage sit at room temperature for a couple hours. toss well and place in large container. refrigerate. this kimchi can be served as a salad the day that it s made, or refrigerated for up to a week. the kimchi will continue to ferment, developing a stronger flavor each day. the recipe can be halved.
__label__non_math	0.9794	the valero alamo bowl is paying us k per mention on the podcast of their full name, so you may hear it a few times. valero does not know this, but being a large petrochemical company, we hope they are so negligent with accounts payable that they just write the checks and don't ask too many questions. we will also list our name as "ted valero," and hope this gives our claim added credibility. there is an important legal angle to this podcast involving the use of deadly force in defense of the home, a brief homage to robert griffin's beautiful feet, some discussion of the very pleasant city of san antonio, and an admission that holly and ourselves have cameras implanted in each other's heads. listen here, or in the embedded player below.
__label__non_math	0.9915	the warrior diet exercise and nutrition program, created by ori hofmekler, hinges on a somewhat controversial diet based on a daily cycle of undereating during the day and overeating at night. the rationale is that the historic warrior , in order to succeed in the environment of the time, had a primal need to cycle between undereating during the day when physical activity and danger were always present , and overeating at night when able to rest and eat a good daily meal . modern humans in a changed environment can therefore restore health and fitness, by returning to that cycle with the warrior diet. warrior diet grounding the nervous system is the primary focus here, specifically that part called the autonomic nervous system ans . body organs such as the heart, stomach and intestines viscera , and muscles within these organs and other areas like blood vessels, skin, and eyes, as well as the glands of the body, are regulated by the ans. we are mostly unaware of its workings; for example, when blood vessels change size or when our heart beats faster, these functions are involuntary and reflexive in nature. the ans has parts - - the sympathetic nervous system sns which kicks in when emergencies occur, causing stress and requiring us to fight or take flight flee - the parasympathetic nervous system psns which operates in normal or nonemergency times, allowing us to rest and digest - the enteric nervous system ens , present in all vertebrates, which regulates the normal digestive activity of the digestive system and prepares it for whatever is coming, whether a meal or a frantic energy-sapping physical activity the undereating phase of the warrior diet is supposed to prepare and alert the sns to potential stress, resulting in the generation of energy and ultimately the burning of fat. while undereating, the body is forced to use fat storage as a source of fuel for maximum metabolic efficiency thus promoting weight-loss. the overeating phase of the warrior diet recognizes the role of the psns in regulating digestion, elimination and other metabolic activities that slow you down. eating during the day stops this process and blocks the body s ability to remove toxins and waste from the body. since detoxification is imperative for health and to delay aging, eating occurs mainly at night. warrior diet program the program involves a fat loss program and exercise and nutrition regimes. fat loss program the fat loss program is specifically designed to - force the body to detoxify - improve utilization of fat as fuel - improve utilization of carb as fuel this process helps to boost overall metabolic rate, thereby enhancing the body s capacity to maximize fat loss. exercise and nutrition programs exercise and nutrition programs provide short, intense strength and aerobic exercises, along with pre-workout and post-workout meals. this approach intends to reduce fat while maintaining or improving muscle tone. the emphasis of the warrior diet program is on having large evening meals on the one hand, and shedding the calorie counting common to most diets on the other. the warrior diet by ori hofmekler.
__label__non_math	0.9999	a.m enfant. i was most impressed with the quality of the product, how cleverly it is made to fit from infancy all the way up to preschool i have never gotten so much attention walking down the street these days. i thought okay, i got my sexy back, i am sure people were wondering "who is that hot mom?". umm...no. lol everyone is checking out how cute, warm and cozy my son is in his a.m enfant. i swear of the time people stop me and ask: some things you should know about the blanket 212 evolution: - it is especially designed to offer protection in extreme weather conditions - with it's heat retention insulation, fleece lining and ergonomic hood it can replace having suit up baby, toddler or preschooler in a snow suit. - this can be used from car to stroller - the cover itself has length and width extensions and a convertible hood - fits with most strollers and car seats what everything mom and baby loved: - quality, function, material and feeling good knowing my son was warm in the cold brisk air - we also loved that the slits were long so the strollers straps go in nice and easy. you don't have to remove the shoulder straps from the waist belt and then put it back on. i have struggled with this in the past but not with a.m. enfant. the slits are big enough for the shoulder straps and waist straps to fit together point harness - around the hood interior between the lining there is an elastic and button so you can cinch up and make the hood fit a bit snuggier and the same goes for the shoulders - fleece lined, large pocket in the front - double zippers and the snaps and velcro closures. - anti slip back panel - there are no cons and what would a review be with out a giveaway to kick in the new year? thank you a.m. enfant for providing me with a sample and for sponsoring this fabulous giveaway here's what you have to do to enter, click on read more or the actual blog title to get the raffle and let a.m enfant know how you heard about them on facebook a rafflecopter giveaway
__label__non_math	0.9978	jade environmentally friendly yoga mat - encore " long jade encore is the first yoga mat to contain recycled rubber, making it the most eco-friendly yoga mat on the planet. with great grip and cushion, encore s comfort layer contains pre and or post-consumer waste rubber. encore is an integral part of jade s commitment to the environment and jade s reuse, reduce, recycle program allowing old jade mats to be recycled into new jade mats. please help reducing waste and energy use by using recycled products where possible. as jade is made with open cell, natural rubber, you can say goodbye to slipping on your practice mat - even if it gets wet with perspiration. natural rubber has long been used where safety demands non-slip performance. jade takes advantage of the non-slip properties of natural rubber- resulting in the best slip-resistance on the market. jade is constructed of natural rubber, a renewable resource tapped from rubber trees - containing no pvc or ozone depleting substances. perfect for the yogi concerned about the earth and is made in the usa in compliance with all u.s. environmental and labor laws and through its partnership with trees for the future, jadeyoga plants a tree for every mat sold. in addition to providing better slip-resistance, because it is made of natural rubber, jade has exceptional resilience, unmatched compression set resistance and incomparable cushioning. these characteristics guarantee you the ideal mat for those looking for maximum comfort and performance. jade can be hand washed with mild soap and warm water; hang or lay flat to dry out of direct sunlight . available in with a forest green wear top layer and natural comfort layer. material: recyled rubber, pvc-free dimensions: " l x " w x " h weight: .lbs. jade's commitment to the environment goes beyond just making eco-friendly products. jade plants a tree for every mat sold.
__label__non_math	1.0000	men's bracelets make great gifts, and can add style to any man's look. you'll love our great selection of man's bracelets, including a wide range of styles in both sterling silver bracelets and stainless steel bracelets. find the perfect personalized gift with our engraved men's id bracelet or our stylish new mens shamballa inspired bracelets or cz bracelets with so many styles to choose from, its easy to get lost in what you're actually looking for. maybe we can help you choose your sterling silver mens bracelet or stainless steel mens bracelet. first of all you need to decide if you want a small or large linked sterling silver or stainless steel bracelet. you might also want to consider if you want a stainless steel mens linked bracelet or sterling silver linked mens bracelet or a sterling silver mens cuff bracelet or stainless steel mens cuff bracelet. our sterling silver mens cuff bracelets and stainless steel mens cuff bracelets range from simple cuff to flexible mens cuff bracelets to a stainless steel mens cuff bracelet that opens. our sterling silver mens bracelets and stainless steel mens bracelets also come in different weights. the mens rubber bracelets that we have are usually a little lighter while the solid linked mens bracelets tend to be a little heavier. some of our stainless steel mens bracelets have cubic zirconias in them to add that little more flash for attention as well as extra suave. some of our stainless steel mens bracelets have graphite links that adds that special texture as well as keeping it strong and light. whatever your need for a mens sterling silver or stainless steel bracelet, you can find it here.
__label__non_math	1.0000	so from the magazine cover there, can you guess what nadya s been doing? yeah, she s been posing in her skivvies, obviously, but for what purpose? why, for the same damned purpose she s had time and time again looking for something to pay her rent, because who wants to babysit fourteen demonic children who everyone hates while nadya has to, i don t know, go out and get an actual job? no, because there s still apparently an audience out there who want to see this woman flaunting all of the piss-poor plastic surgery that could have paid for years worth of rent someplace that isn t going to cost a month. nadya suleman is days away from being homeless the house she owns that has been in and out of foreclosure for more than a year will be sold at an auction thursday so octo needs a new crib for her brood stat. the dilemma getting first and last month s rent together, so octo has gone naked. she posed for the european magazine, closer. sources tell tmz octo got ,000 for the shoot, which is what she needs to rent a new place. octo is being very up front now about some misgivings about having kids, saying, i m doing that posing nude because i need to feed my kids. i need to pay the bills. and i m still very cognizant of the repercussions of my choices. amazing what some people can be reduced to all in the name of love for their children, you know?
__label__non_math	0.9991	gore-tex pro fabric with gore micro grid backer technology -layer - with gore-tex guaranteed to keep you dry , this fabric is incredibly durable, waterproof, breathable, and totally windproof. a single square inch of this fabric contains billion microscopic pores each ,000 times smaller than a raindrop, but 700 times larger than a molecule of water vapor. water can't pass through the fabric, yet perspiration escapes with ease. ak fit - engineered to mimic the body's natural movements while riding and hiking for articulated mobility that enhances the function-first design bellowed handwarmer pockets crossflow venting thigh vents - quickly and easily open and close your thigh vents without the annoyance of having your zipper get caught in the mesh. fully taped seams - every seam in the pant is taped to create the ultimate foul weather seal. gore-seam tape - gore-seam tape minimizes seam tape in critical zones, reducing the shell s overall weight and bulk while increasing the breathable surface area. ykk matte water resistant zippers - provide smoother performance, better drape, cleaner finish, and overall higher functionality light reflective detailing burton products can only be shipped within the u.s.
__label__non_math	0.9988	dumbledore's outing: why it matters now she tells us? when i first heard that j.k. rowling had revealed the homosexuality of professor albus dumbledore, esteemed headmaster of hogwarts, before a packed congregation of children and adults at carnegie hall on oct. , my reaction was half appreciation, half annoyance. ten years, seven books, ,000 pages, and it never occurred to her to mention this before? at least she didn't make the gay character a fairy or a troll , so we'll be spared those jokes, i thought. rowling's announcement felt almost too strategic, a gotcha it's not. rowling is shrewd, but she's not an opportunist or a coward. one simple fact overrode my skepticism: she didn't have to do this. not now, not later, not with two movies pending, and not in a roomful of kids. and make no mistake: all of these were choices, including her unveiling of a romantic backstory for dumbledore, lest anyone think she was either joking or throwing a gratuitous pride-parade patronus at the tiny band of flat-earthers whose shrieks that her books promote witchcraft were long ago drowned out by the world's giggles. so why now, and why dumbledore? the answer has much to do with the universe rowling has created, in which easy assumptions about a character's motives, past, or inner life have, in book after book, been proven wrong, and with her own progressive and humane politics. it's often said that if every gay person in the world were to turn purple overnight, homophobia would disappear: in other words, fewer people would be inclined to vilify other human beings if they woke up one day and discovered that they'd been aiming stones at their college roommate, their aunt, their grocer, or their grandson. statistics bear this out: people who have a gay family member or friend have more enlightened attitudes about homosexuality than those who don't. what rowling has done, brilliantly, is to turn dumbledore purple. she didn't reveal his sexuality in order to unlock a new way of reading the books, or as a provocation. she simply told the world that a main character in the best-loved books of the last years is homosexual, and asked her audience to contend with it and with the fact that it shouldn't matter. and her choice to make a beloved professor-mentor gay in a world where gay teachers are still routinely slandered as malign influences was, i am certain, no accident. in addition to the braying of hatemongers, there's already been some umbrage taken at the appropriateness of rowling's decision to uncork this news in front of children, a brand of sanctimony for which i have no patience. at least one out of of those children will eventually self-identify as homosexual. the other , having made their way through an epic series that includes multiple murders, demonic possession, and the psychic toll of having mentally ill parents, will, i imagine, be able to handle the bulletin that some people are gay, and will likely benefit from the richer understanding of the world that such knowledge provides. this is not a great moment to be a gay consumer of pop culture. in mainstream movies, gay characters are almost nonexistent we are, once again, the -pound weakling who needs adam sandler to reassure the straights that we're just plain folks. and on television, gay people are, like, so five years ago. now that we're no longer the flavor of the month, it's easier for networks and studios to leave us out of the recipe altogether. the ew article linked above is correct in pointing out that the networks are more gay-friendly than hollywood studios, but a recent survey by the gay lesbian alliance against defamation showed that only . of characters on scripted network series are gay, and not a single one is on cbs, the cw, or shocker
__label__non_math	0.9955	the amazing ascent, in , of robert johnson's complete recordings to gold status and a grammy came as a surprise to virtually everyone in the music business. how could a set of poorly recorded tracks by a blues singer years in the grave cut such a swath in today's slick market? i've been playing, singing, and studying the blues for most of my life, and frankly i haven't got a clue. and now there's a subsidiary wonder: the search for robert johnson,a documentary originally made for british tv dealing with johnson's life, career, shadowy murder, and rumored pact with the devil. fortunately, the video doesn't get too spooky on us. while rockers eric clapton and keith richards put in cameo appearances to acknowledge johnson's influence on their work, the lucid narration by blues musician keeper of the flame john hammond focuses on the music. which is as it should be. hammond crisscrosses the mississippi delta in this tape, talking with the singer's childhood acquaintances, former girlfriends, fellow musicians and a man who well may be johnson's illegitimate son. through them, the story of the singer's short, violent life comes into focus. born around of mississippi farm workers, johnson left home in his teens, mostly to escape an abusive stepfather. already an accomplished musician, johnson bummed around the country, hopping freights to as far as new york and chicago. about this time, stories began to circulate about a faustian pact. the legend is an old one: the musician goes to a crossroads at midnight. a ''dark man'' taps him on the shoulder, takes his instrument, plays a few tunes, and gives it back. nothing needs to be said. the musician acquires devilish skill, and satan has a new soul. exactly the same tale was told of paganini. the denouement came quickly. two recording sessions that can now be said, through their impact on white blues-rockers, to have changed the course of popular music; more wandering, booze, and women; and in , at the age of , a dreadful death by poison at the hands of a jealous husband. which brings me back to my original question: after all these years, why is johnson the subject of so much celebration right now? i can't help but wonder if his posthumous stardom might not be a belated payoff by old scratch himself. suddenly, signing with william morris doesn't look so bad. they take only percent.
__label__non_math	0.9877	how customized software development is transforming the financial industry the use of customized software has been gaining popularity within the financial industry in . this surge in customized software development ultimately means that investment professionals will get more of the data they need, more quickly. here, knowledge center contributor rick treese looks at how custom software development is changing the business strategy of cios, the use of data and the roles of internal development teams this year. in the past five years, we have seen an immense transformation in the design and functionality of financial software and, in turn, the way people use it. the newest trend we are seeing in , and one with great staying power, is customized software development. a perfect storm of technological and economic factors have converged to make customization more attractive to companies in the financial industry and will, we think, result in a significant increase in demand for bespoke service offerings. why the surge in customized software development? as a rule, as technology matures, it becomes less risky. developers now have access to a larger number of standardized, user-friendly development tools and frameworks. this makes software easier than ever to build, customize and deploy. this is true for both data and platforms; there is little "technological friction" for most corporate software requirements when using technologies that are now mature such as java or the .net framework . with a larger array of proven technologies in the marketplace, cios and ctos can experiment more aggressively with strategies and can be more accurate in their estimates of effort and cost. as a result, companies are more willing and able to adopt new custom application development.
__label__math	0.7474	a'kira t.fx.t is the second wine, or little brother to arachon t.fx.t, and is pure blaufr nkisch, the native grape variety found in horitschon. in the local burgenland dialect, a'kira literally means a cry for joy . it is best enjoyed within to years with good friends. regular price: s . special price: s .
__label__non_math	0.9909	i have nothing but respect for many women in the industry and i'm a member of the iwc and ewn. you shouldn't generalize people when talking about people being sexist prejudiced... makes you sound like a hypocrite. wave your flag we dynasty now van hooligan x current ewncw rage ignition champion current iwa tag team champion time world champion time dual world champion multi-time award winner final ewa hardcore champion former jbw intercontinental champion former twe, hwa final and icw world champion originally posted by everyone how to translate bennytheball: bear: good great etc. poo-er: variation of 'poor'. may also end with 'ness' to create an adjective. shag shake: generic term of endearment when one cannot be bothered to use your name. get it gone: remove it from my sight.
__label__non_math	1.0000	looking for the best super bowl dip recipes? try this easy pepper colby jack cheese dip using boar's head bacon, pepper colby jack cheese, gouda cheese, and cream cheese. it's super easy for super bowl sunday super bowl sunday wouldn t be complete without friends, family and, of course, fantastic food. second only to thanksgiving, super bowl is the biggest eating day of the year. as you start planning your super bowl appetizers and dips, make sure you use boar s head meats for all your super bowl sunday entertaining pepper colby jack cheese dip recipe - cup mayonnaise - oz cream cheese, softened - scallions, chopped finely - slices boar's head fully cooked bacon, prepared crispy to package directions - cup pepper colby jack cheese, shredded - cup chipotle gouda cheese, shredded - pre-heat oven to 350 f. - finely dice the cooked bacon. - in large bowl, mix together the colby jack, gouda, mayonnaise, cream cheese and scallions cup . - place in an oven safe baking dish and cook for -minutes, until warmed through and cheese is melted. stir before serving and garnish with crispy chopped bacon. from a new line of bold flavored meats and cheeses to bbq ribs, knocks, brats, sausages, cheeses, pepperoni, salami and sopressata, boar s head has everything you need to make a touchdown with your guests. check the boar's head website for more recipes and entertaining ideas in the providence, rhode island area, you can find boar's head products at all dave's marketplace locations. top super bowl appetizer recipes from boar's head best super bowl appetizer recipes: bruschetta recipe with boar's head meats best super bowl appetizer recipes: buffalo style chicken dip by boar's head best super bowl appetizer recipes: chipotle chicken stuffed peppers with bacon best super bowl appetizer recipes: pepper colby jack cheese dip recipe photograph and recipe permission courtesy of boar s head provisions co., inc.
__label__non_math	1.0000	proudly pedaling to "don't stop believing," miami became the latest city to join in "cycle for survival," one of the nation's fastest growing cancer fundraiser, which raises millions of dollars each year to fight the disease. this year's event, held at equinox miami in coral gables, was among the three new cities joining the event this year. the fundraiser, which is growing across equinox fitness centers nationwide, has raised more than .million so far and more events are slated this year. all of the money raised goes to memorial sloan-kettering center mskcc to fund research into rare cancers, which include ovarian, pancreatic, brain, sarcomas soft tissue cancers , and all cancers occurring in children. about percent of all types of cancer are considered "rare" cancers. the event was established by jennifer goodman linn and her husband david, when jennifer was undergoing cancer treatment at mskcc. an equinox member, she found the indoor cycling class her ideal refuge to gain physical and mental stamina to withstand treatment. she died of the disease in at the age of , but her supporters have vowed to carry on in her memory. david's parents, barbara and herb linn, traveled from deerfield, ill., to miami to represent their son, who was riding in the san francisco event that day. "the energy in miami was incredible. it reminded me of the first event we held with jen and david, when they hoped to raise 250,000, and they doubled it after that, and so on," said barbara. she also lauded equinox for becoming the event's presenting sponsor. "the first year jen did the event, she did it under the radar, but when equinox heard about it, they wanted to be involved. they approached jen, and now they've said they want to hold it in every club they have. we can't grow it fast enough for them," she added. much of the attention centered on -year-old luke, who held court, entertaining and encouraging. luke weber, who was diagnosed with cancer at the age of three and, at the age of nine, lobbied congress for more research into pediatric cancers, is a "miami heat" fan and visits here often to see his cousins, his father said. "luke's had a lot more challenges than any child should have to go through, but he always tells me that if there's a way to make something good out of misfortune, we need to do it. i'm in awe of him," he added. richard d. carvajal, m.d., a medical oncologist at mskcc, spoke about the research going on at mskcc. "every single dollar you raise goes to research to find cures for rare cancers. some of the trials are going on all over the country; in fact, two of my trials are underway at mount sinai," he said, referring to the miami beach medical center. among the participants were olympic swimmer katie hoff and fox wsvn-tv's lynn martinez, who also covered the event for deco drive. numerous members of equinox staff from all three south florida equinox clubs were also on hand, including group fitness area managers geoff bagshaw, group exercise manager sonrisa medina and cycling instructor terence mckinnon, who joined medina in helping lead the sessions. the event proved so popular that riders had to split up their time to make sure everyone who had raised money had the chance to ride, so tom krieger, the equinox miami manager, promised an even bigger event next year, telling the crowd, "we are going to to keep going until we find a cure more info: cycle for survival
__label__non_math	1.0000	get ready cruise enthusiasts, the norwegian breakaway will soon arrive in new york city and it s headed for bermuda. the norwegian getaway which will offer a night itinerary to bermuda, and along its new itinerary, will also offer a whole new list of shore excursions and tour options to its passengers while docked at king s wharf, bermuda. more than exciting excursions will be made available to passengers on board both norwegian ships traveling to bermuda, the norwegian dawn and norwegian breakaway, however, some of the shore excursions will be exclusive to those guests sailing on the new breakaway. guests traveling on the norwegian dawn, currently sailing from boston, and the norwegian getaway will be able to reserve excursions such as dolphin encounters, carriage rides, numerous tours of the island, the island theater show and paddling boarding. guests traveling on the norwegian breakaway will have the opportunity to reserve exclusive excursions ranging from a night snorkel adventure, a glass bottom boat ride through the bermuda triangle, cave tours, a railway trail bike beach tour, night fishing, and even a private boat tour with your very own captain. prices range from 799 per person, depending on the excursion. the norwegian breakaway is scheduled to depart for bermuda times in beginning in may.
__label__non_math	0.9962	"rape is not a joke," said ohio now president jackie hillyer, echoing a chant from a dozen protesters gathered in front of the rhodes office tower in downtown columbus monday afternoon. the rally was organized to urge ohio attorney general mike dewine to investigate and file criminal charges against a man shown laughing at a -year-old rape victim in a video that has become infamous in social media. "we believe that michael nodianos should be charged with failure to report a crime," hillyer said. "the -minute video clearly shows that he knew what was happening." the protesters formed a delegation and carried a letter asking dewine to file charges against nodianos into the ohio attorney general's office. the letter was accompanied by ,000 signatures from supporters of the national organization for women, justice for children, the national coalition against domestic violence, and the feminist group ultraviolet. dewine welcomed the delegation into his office and asked them to voice their concerns. jackie hillyer spoke to dewine about a pervasive rape culture that encourages sexual assault by failing to treat it as a serious crime. "it s a culture that needs to be changed," she said. "we need to tell these young men that rape is not something they can be proud of and brag about. we need to get to the place where the culture changes enough so that bystanders feel comfortable intervening. "the worst thing about this crime in steubenville is not that it's so awful and horrible and disgusting, but that it's so ordinary," hillyer said. "it happens all the time, across the state and across the country." more victims and bystanders would be willing to report rape if they believed something would be done to the perpetrator, she said. "we're asking you to be at the forefront of getting the change to culture right in ohio." "this is a crime that i take very, very seriously," said dewine. i agree with you that we need to continue to try to improve the culture and how we work this crime. this is something that all of us have a responsibility to do. "we are also continuing to investigate what happened after the rape occurred, to see if there is culpability for anyone else. it would be unfair for me at this point to focus on any one individual. we've had dozens of investigators in steubenville. we've completed or interviews. our job is to leave no stone unturned, and find out what else happened. failure to report a felony "is unfortunately under ohio law only a 4th degree misdemeanor, which is quite shocking to me," dewine said. "i think that's something the legislature needs to look at." the trial of ma'lik richmond and trent mays for the rape of the underage victim is scheduled to begin march in the jefferson county juvenile court. dewine said he will announce in a press conference after the trial whether there will be any additional prosecutions. "i think it's very important, not only for the state and the country, but particularly for the steubenville community, to feel that justice has been done," dewine said. "outside of the prosecution of individuals who may have been involved as bystanders or witnesses of this crime, what would you propose to do to change the perception of rape from a joke and something to brag about to something that's a very serious crime?" hillyer asked. "this is something that's not just the attorney general's area," dewine said. "i think we all have an obligation to change the culture. we all have a responsibility. parents, schools, clergy anyone who has contact with young people has an obligation to make it very clear how serious this is. "i would hope that what we're doing in steubenville now, the prosecution of two individuals, will show that this is no laughing matter. this is a question of human dignity. it's a question of personal rights. we believe that the evidence will show that this young woman's privacy, her human rights, were violated. "anybody who's seen the video, as i have, thinks it's disgusting," dewine said. "but we're not just focusing on that individual. we've been looking at anybody else who has any involvement, not only in the actual crime itself, but also anybody who has culpability after the fact." however, there are limits to what the criminal justice system can do, dewine said. "we have a moral obligation, as well as an ethical and legal obligation, only to press charges where we think the evidence is actually there." "i understand that the criminal issue is the focus, and that's your particular role here, said osu professor pranav jani, who was part of the delegation. "but a lot of us are also acknowledging, like you said, that it s a question of human dignity and human rights. we have to address an entire culture that says it's okay to objectify women in this way, that allegations of date rape are part of a feminist conspiracy. i believe that all of these are things we need to challenge." "i agree," dewine said. "one of the disturbing things is that this is not an unusual case. incidents like this occur every week in this country." dewine attributed much of the extra attention on the steubenville rape case to the influence of social media. "one of the problems with this is that the victim continues to be victimized by some things that are written on the social media," he said.
__label__non_math	0.9999	"the walking dead" spoilers for season are revealing a lot of exciting developments. according to tv line on feb. , andrea may be in trouble and might have to pay for what she has done. keep reading if you want to find out what it could possibly be. photographs that have been posted on the website show andrea surrounded by the citizens of woodbury and she looks worried. she is in some serious trouble because the town residents are armed with guns, crowbars and a lot of other weapons. so, what exactly has she done to anger the town so much? it seems likely that she did something to oppose the governor. perhaps she is the reason why daryl escaped the zombie pit. fans have seen on previous spoilers that he does escape somehow and there must have been an inside person to help him. another one of "the walking dead" spoilers for season is that co-executive producer and sfx make-up supervisor greg nicotero will be playing a walker in the show. what do you think about the latest in "the walking dead" spoilers for season ? why do you think the town of woodbury is so angry at andrea?
__label__non_math	0.9988	the number of people who still do not realize the difference or the reason behind the old and new testaments is astounding. it sometime appears that a huge majority of those who classify themselves as christians, still do not understand what the old testament actually is. since the creation, god has been faced with differing circumstances, all of which were part of his eternal purpose for man. the plan briefly described, was just that he wished to create man with an eternal spirit, to worship and serve god, of his own free will, for his lifetime. as a reward for this obedience, man would receive eternal life in the spirit with god. as a punishment for those who refused to do so, was to be eternally separated from god and tormented forever. god, in his infinite wisdom, knew that man would fail if there was no means of his receiving forgiveness of error and sins. so, he established a plan whereby a sinless life could be offered as a sacrifice for sin, and thus, jesus became part of this plan. in order to bring about the conditions to send his own son to be that sacrifice, three dispensations were built into the growth of the earthly population and bringing the proper conditions. the wisdom of god in this plan can be readily recognized once one has examined the reasons for them. the first period has been referred to as the patriarchal dispensation, since it was given orally to the heads of families, or tribes and was to be passed on to their progeny. man strayed from god almost completely which resulted in flood which god sent to cleanse the earth of it s evil and only souls were saved. this same dispensation continued after the flood and remained in effect until jesus gave his life on the cross to bring us his own perfect law of liberty. however, in the plan of getting us to jesus law and his spiritual kingdom, god chose abraham to furnish the seed for the genealogy to christ. abraham s seed through isaac and jacob whose name was changed to israel brought the tribes of israel forming the jewish nation. god then, set them apart as his chosen people to bring the world to christ. galatians now, the confusion has been caused by a lack of understanding of these three laws. the first one patriarchal was for all people from the beginning until the law of christ was established. with one exception god gave the ten commandment law through moses for one specific reason, to set the jews apart from the rest of the world. they were given a covenant with earthly rewards, the land of canaan, prosperity, safety from their enemies, victory over those enemies and contentment in this land if they would obey his laws for them. if they did not follow them, he warned that the opposite would occur, their crops would fail, their enemies would overrun them and they would be taken captive, etc. observe, that this law was only given to the jews. no one else. it is true that some were made proselytes into the law, but it was only for the jews, to bring us to christ . when jesus came, he spent much of his ministry attempting to convert the jews to the coming of his church, his spiritual kingdom. he left the charge for establishing his kingdom to the apostles which was done on the first pentecost after his death and is recorded in the second chapter of acts. up until this point, there had been enmity between the jews and gentiles. but the law of christ was designed to end that and all men then be one in him. follow us carefully here. prophesy of the coming of the law of christ is recorded in part, several times in the old testament. one of the best follows: behold, the days come, saith the lord, that i will make a new covenant with the house of israel, and with the house of judah: not according to the covenant that i made with their fathers in the day that i took them by the hand to bring them out of the land of egypt; which my covenant they brake, although i was an husband unto them, saith the lord: but this shall be the covenant that i will make with the house of israel; after those days, saith the lord, i will put my law in their inward parts, and write it in their hearts; and will be their god, and they shall be my people. and they shall teach no more every man his neighbour, and every man his brother, saying, know the lord: for they shall all know me, from the least of them unto the greatest of them, saith the lord: for i will forgive their iniquity, and i will remember their sin no more. jeremiah -kjv notice that god here speaks through the prophet jeremiah. this scripture is found also quoted in the book of hebrews in the new testament where the writer is explaining the exact thing which we are attempting to do here. read carefully the verses contained in hebrews chapter . it is very plain what the writer is saying. the old testament law was only for the jews during the period before christ. it is no longer binding upon any man. only the law of christ. notice the apostle paul as he attempts to explain these things to the church in ephesus: with all lowliness and meekness, with longsuffering, forbearing one another in love; endeavouring to keep the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace. there is one body, and one spirit, even as ye are called in one hope of your calling; one lord, one faith, one baptism, one god and father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in you all. ephesians :-kjv so then, if the perfect law of liberty through jesus christ has replaced the law given to the jews, why then are we encouraged to study it. because, without studying it, we could not know or understand the things leading up to jesus the christ. we need to know these things because it clarifies the law given through christ. it would be virtually impossible to understand all of the new testament, if we had no knowledge of the old. it not only gives us the history of those who lived before christ, but gives us numerous prophesies of his coming and his purpose, which verifies his being the son of god.
__label__non_math	0.9950	february is women in horror recognition month, thanks to a cool chick and my friend hannah neurotica. while most of the focus tends to be on the film industry after all it is a boys club i m pushing female horror authors. i recently saw a comment left on a particular forum where someone had asked for some recommendations for female authors. the comment in question was a response and went something like .it is an unassailable fact that men are better writers and it really pissed me off. really? you think across the board that men write better than women? well, tell me, my friend, who have you been reading? i can name dozens of female horror authors that write stories that are just as disturbing, if not more so. personally, i believe women can tap into the deep well of our emotions because we tend to lead with them, whether they are positive or negative. this gives women a perspective that men don t necessarily have. let me begin with the obvious. mary shelley. without her there would be no frankenstein or his monster. there have been countless books and movies that use shelley s central theme against playing god, whether it s creating life or destroying it. sadly, when her novel frankenstein was first published, it was done so anonymously because it was believed that no one would read the book if it were written by a woman. then there s anne rice. lestat is easily one of my favorite literary characters. in the third book of the vampire chronicles, queen of the damned ballantine books , rice presents one of the best origin stories i ve ever read for vampires and maharet cuts an imposing figure. how about shirley jackson and her novel the haunting of hill house penguin books ? it s been adapted into a few successful films over the years. daphne du maurier s rebecca penguin books was adapted into a film by alfred hitchcock. two short stories by du maurier were adapted into hitchcock s the birds and don t look now which has turned up on a few scariest horror movie lists. i also think you should be reading linda addison, the first african-american to win a bram stoker award and she s won three for her horror poetry collections consumed, reduced to beautiful grey ashes space and time , being full of light, insubstantial space and time , and how to recognize a demon has become your friend createspace . elizabeth massie s short story abed is one of the most disturbing zombie stories i ve ever read by a male or female author. massie s bram stoker award-winning novel sineater completelynovel has been re-published for a new audience. monica o rourke s jasmine garlic biting dog publications was so gory and violent it has forever changed how i approach a visit to the gynecologist there s carole lanham s collection the whisper jar morrigan books with its subtle but frightening horror themes, including the blue word , another very unsettling zombie story with a twist that you won t see coming. suzanne robb s z-boat createspace is another great zombie story with a twist and a relevant message about overpopulation and dwindling resources. tonia brown expertly covers all of horror lit s sub-genres and jessy marie roberts wrote one of my favorite short stories ever about a woman who literally puts her all into a special halloween dinner, titled pumpkin soup . you should also seek out: poppy z. brite exquisite corpse touchstone , drawing blood dell mary sangiovanni the hollower leisure books , found you leisure books carol weekes the color of bone genius publishing , dead reflections journalstone lisa morton the castle of los angeles gray friar press , night-mantled: the best of wily writers wily writers chesya burke dark faith apex publications , dark dreams: a collection of horror and suspense by black writers kensington yvonne navarro music of the spears: aliens series spectra , deep cuts: mayhem, menace and misery evil jester press melanie tem the deceiver leisure books , slain in the spirit leisure books billie sue mosiman widow berkley , red moon rising: a vampire novel daw caitlin r. kiernan the drowning girl roc trade , tales of pain and wonder subterranean gemma files kissing carrion prime books , the worm in every heart prime books sheri gambino vicious verses and reanimated rhymes: zany zombie poetry for the undead head coscom entertainment , rellik damien walters grintalis ink samhain publishing , arcane createspace fran friel mama s boy and other dark tales apex publications , wings with hot sauce the horror library tananarive due the between harper perennial , domino falls: a novel atria books lucy snyder chimeric machines creative guy publishing , shotgun sorceress del rey books alexandra sokoloff the unseen st. martin s press , the harrowing st. martin s press sarah pinborough the taken dorchester publishing , breeding ground leisure books sarah langan the keeper harpertorch , audrey s door harper publishing tonia brown badass zombie road trip books of the dead press , skin trade: an historical horror createspace jessy marie roberts bloody carnival pill hill press , kinberra down pill hill press ; with eric s. brown i hope the women i left out will forgive me. do yourself a favor and read some of these fantastic women. you will find women have been greatly overlooked in the horror industry, whether it s film or literature. i ve heard it said that these women write like a man and i guess if that s what you need to hear to check out female authors, then so be it but don t say i didn t warn you.
__label__non_math	0.9995	add comment headsman on this date in , john filip nordlund was beheaded with albert dahlman s axe at sweden s v ster s county jail. the second-last person executed in sweden english wikipedia entry the spree left five dead, including the ship s captain, and several others wounded. then nordlund lowered a lifeboat into the water and rowed away with about 800 stolen kronor and the opprobrium of the nation. nordlund stalks the prins carl, from this verse pdf swedish . police were able to track him from the descriptions of witnesses to a train station and arrest him the very next day. their maniac would turn out to be a -year-old career thief, only released the month before from his latest prison stint. although captured trying to flee, nordlund from the first projected resignation even relief, writing his parents that he would be well rid of a society he had never felt part of. certainly the sentence was in little doubt given the infamy of the crime nordlund was almost lynched after arrest , and the man made no attempt to defend himself or mitigate his actions in court, nor to seek mercy after conviction. nordlund was the third person executed in sweden in alone, but there would be no more patients for dahlman for a decade until , when sweden conducted its first and only guillotining. the country has not carried out a death sentence since. besides being the penultimate executee in swedish history, john filip nordlund is also the last man in europe beheaded manually rather than with dr. guillotin s device other than in germany. also on this date - : jose forni, the first legal hanging in california - : stede bonnet, gentleman pirate - : thomas culpeper and francis dereham, the queen's lovers - : jose leonardo chirino, venezuelan slave revolt leader - : teido kunizaki
__label__non_math	0.9561	the nature of a charitable gift planner s work is to come into regular contact with elderly donors. along with this contact sometimes comes the question of whether the donor has the mental capability to make a gift. during a presentation at the national conference on philanthropic planning in san antonio, texas, marcia inger navr til and laura hansen dean of the university of texas at austin discussed the issues that arise when a donor s mental capacity becomes an issue. developing relationships with aging donors, however, also means dealing with potential issues of mental capacity, they wrote in a paper presented at their session. consequently, gift planners must recognize signs that a donor might lack the mental capacity to make a gift and to develop strategies for dealing with donors and their families if issues of capacity or undue influence ever arise. legal capacity is defined as the mental ability to understand the nature and effects of one s acts, they wrote. this, however, is only the starting point for gift officers dealing with issues of capacity: while a donor might technically meet the definition of legal capacity, a well-intentioned but misguided or over-eager development officer could still overstep the acceptable boundaries and apply undue influence or take advantage of a vulnerable donor, according to navr til and dean. the key concept for gift planners to remember is undue influence. this is widely accepted to involve some form of coercion or control over an individual that removes their free will or causes them to fail to understand the consequences of their actions. the critical concern here is to ensure that that persuasion never rises to the level of coercion or control, they wrote. development officers must always maintain appropriate boundaries with donors to avoid even the appearance of improper influence. an ongoing relationship with a donor is the single best strategy for assessing a donor s mental state and avoiding undue influence. multiple visits over time can help a development officer notice warning signs that might indicate a lack of capacity, such as memory lapses, forgetting meetings or appointments, changes in appearance, lack of hygiene, mood swings or changes in personality. if development officers suspect a donor might have diminished mental capability, they should immediately suspend discussion of a charitable gift until the donor s capacity can be determined, perhaps through consultations with the donor s family or professional advisors. development officers should also strive to engage the donors in a conversation, especially when discussing the specifics of a gift. the more an individual can articulate the details and consequences of a gift, the more likely that that person truly understands and appreciates the discussion being made, they stated. another way to avoid potential allegations of undue pressure is to involve a donor s family members or professional advisors about a gift, although the donor must ultimately make the decision about who to involve. while a development officer might have to suspend discussions regarding a gift, there is no reason why contact with the donor should be severed, they said. for example, the mental lapse might be due to an imbalance in medications or illness that could be rectified in the future. stewardship can continue through occasional visits, letters and emails. they caution that once a week or once-a-month visits could raise suspicions of coercion, however, and instead recommend a regimen of a few visits per year with periodic correspondence in between. the best prevention against allegations of undue influence is to keep carefully documented records of all contacts with donors, including copies of all emails, letters and correspondence. nevertheless, a family may still challenge the validity of a charitable gift, resulting in either litigation or other talks about a donor s estate or gift. however, they state, when a donor has freely and with good judgment made a gift to charity, not only is the charity entitled to that gift, the charity has a responsibility to honor the donor s wishes and intentions. michael patterson is area director, planned giving for the arthritis foundation and is based in san antonio, texas.
__label__non_math	0.9999	new hotel search out of 179 reviews loved this resort really nice hotel- wonderful pools and workout room had wide variety of machines. gated to provide extra security. front desk staff gracious and knowlegable. did not appreciate the pressure to take the time share talk, but, i suppose they ned to sell the units. overall, nice stay plus: the suite we used two bedroom suite had everything we needed in a very clean condition - dining ware, microwave oven, dishwasher, refrigerator, washer dryer, and so on. the pools and jacuzzi were great, too. parking is free and plenty for every unit, so you don't need to pay more to guarantee you get a parking space. minus: this resort is a bit distant from the strip, so you might want to rent a car. internet is not free you need to pay like .or something i don't remember the exact amount per day per computer so if you have two computers the cost will be doubled . the business center free had two computers and sometimes we had to wait to check emails. great family getaway the picture makes the pool look huge...not so huge, but awesome nontheless. my kids had a blast jumping through the waterfall and the pool was shallow enough for my year old great place to stay in las vegas this was a perfect place for our stay in las vegas. the resort was quiet and relaxing, but close enough to the hotel strip and i-for easy access to everything. the resort staff was helpful and welcoming and our unit was very comfortable. after traveling for several days before we arrived, having a washer and dryer was a real luxury. definitley would stay here again. great for families,plenty of room. "excited and looking forward to our next vegas vacation" wonderful place to stay with or with our little ones. very nice resort very courtious staff at check in. very nice rooms and pretty suroundings. will recommend to our friends and we plan to stay again soon. a wonderful place to come "home" to in the midst of a vegas experience. depending on your arrival times, maid service may not be available but extras can be easily requested. a great venue for family vacations reunions etc. absolutely loved desert paradise resort the accomodations were just wonderful very nice place to stay and very quiet very nice place to stay and very quiet
__label__non_math	0.7109	filtermag oil filter magnet ss365 the filtermag ss365 oil filter magnet is designed for the oil filtration needs of standard-duty automotive and truck applications. the ss365 oil filter magnet fits oil filters with a diameter from ." to ." which covers all land rover v8 applications including the land rover genuine parts err3340 oil filter and k n hp- performance oil oil filter . the eight neodymium magnets attract and trap metal particulates as small as microns in size and holds them tightly against the oil filter's walls. the ss365 will immediately begin cleaning your engine's oil without restricting or otherwise affecting oil's flow. filtermag heavy-duty oil filter magnet ra365 the filtermag ra365 heavy-duty oil filter magnet may be used for both standard- and high-performance applications. the ra365 oil filter magnet is designed for the demanding needs of large diesel trucks, racing vehicles, and other heavy-duty applications like industrial earth movers. the ra365 fits oil filters with a diameter from .to . " which covers all land rover v8 applications including the land rover genuine parts err3340 oil filter and k n hp- performance oil oil filter . the neodymium magnets attract and trap metal particulates as small as microns in size and holds them tightly against the oil filter's walls. the ra365 will immediately begin cleaning your engine's oil without restricting or otherwise affecting oil's flow. the four additional neodymium magnets on the ra365 are designed to trap particulates in high-flow applications, where the additional power is needed to attract trap metallic particulates that are speeding by and to hold them fast against the high flow of oil surging past during racing applications. filtermag transmission magnet tm360 the filtermag tm360 transmission magnet snaps onto your transmission pan and will attract and hold the countless steel particulates that are circulating in your transmission fluid, particulates that are too small to be stopped by the transmission's filter. snap tm360 onto the bottom of your steel transmission pan. the tm360 will immediately begin cleaning your transmission fluid without restricting or otherwise affecting transmission fluid's flow. the tm360 is equally suitable for use on your engine's crankcase sump, where it will attract and collect the countless steel particulates that are circulating in your engine oil. the tm360 will immediately begin cleaning your engine's oil without restricting or otherwise affecting oil flow. modern oil filters remove particulates by forcing the oil through paper-based media with very small pores. the pores are small enough to trap most particulate matter in the oil but are large enough to permit the oil to flow at sufficient rates to lubricate the engine. the technology behind this filtering medium is an inherent compromise that has remained relatively unchanged since the 1930s. while it is necessary to filter the oil to remove harmful contaminants, it is equally important that the oil flow back into the engine quickly enough and with sufficient volume to lubricate all of the engine's moving parts. a "perfect" oil filter would trap all particulates down to micron in size about 70th the thickness of a human hair . unfortunately, a filter with ports that small would also starve the engine of oil and cause engine failure. filter medium developments over the years have increased the efficiency and life cycle for oil filters, but fluid dynamics still require the ports in the oil filters to remain at about the -micron size or larger to maintain sufficient oil flow. in other words, particulates smaller than microns in size flow right through the oil filter. the countless tiny particulates that would otherwise flow through your oil filter to exacerbate wear on your engine are caught by filtermag's powerful neodymium magnets. the patented filtermag oil filter magnet technology removes steel particulates as small as microns in size from engine oil, yet does not interfere with oil flow in any manner. to remove minute steel particulates from the oil system, magnets must have enough energy to attract and hold the incredibly fine particulates against the velocity of the oil flow. filtermag's patented design employs a focused magnetic force field that amplifies its powerful neodymium magnets to generate the immense force needed to attract and trap minuscule sub-micron particles from the oil flow, as well as retain the smaller particulates as small as two microns in size against the pressure of oil flowing through your engine's lubrication system. filtermag's patented magnetic flux amplifier technology redirects the magnetic energy normally present on the far side of the magnet towards the inside of the filter canister. the flux amplifier has to be of a precise thickness to maximize the magnetic field. the circumference is adjusted to allow for manufacturing variances to result in a precise fit alignment of the series of magnets to the filter canister. this focuses the maximum amount of magnetic energy within the oil flow. simply place the filtermag on the outside of your oil filter housing, where the filtermag's powerful magnetic forces automatically snap it into place. shown for illustration purposes is the ra365 heavy-duty filtermag attached to the k n hp- oil filter on john's defender. once mounted, the filtermag will not slip off. in fact, removing the filtermag is quite difficult and the filtermag must be slid off. it cannot be pulled off using hand force. the ultra strong magnetic forces start to work immediately, forcing countless microscopic metal particulates to be "locked" against the inside walls of your oil filter. above is a synopsis of several different tests conducted by predictive maintenance services on a chevy diesel engine that has a harvard bypass system. test numbers , , and were conducted without a filtermag placed on the oil filter. test number was performed with the filtermag in attached to the oil filter. while the spectro fe iron stayed largely the same, there is a huge drop in the particulate count 350 on test number without the filtermag and only on test number with the filtermag . the symbols " " and " " refer to particulate sizes: microns and microns, respectively. the standard model in the filtermag product line is the ss365, which is designed for the oil filtration needs of standard-duty automotive and truck applications. the ss365 standard filtermag fits oil filters with a diameter from ." to .". the eight neodymium magnets act in concert to trap steel particulates as small as microns in size. here is a typical oil filter showing the particulates trapped by the standard filtermag after ,500 miles of use on a lincoln navigator. these particulates are small enough that they would have bypassed the vehicle's oil filter medium and never filtered out of the navigator's engine oil. without the filtermag, these particulates would still be floating in the vehicle's motor oil. here is a land rover genuine parts err3340 oil filter pulled from ho's discovery. the oil filter was fitted with a standard filtermag and then the vehicle was driven around for ,000 miles. here is a close-up of the same oil filter. the silver-colored bits are larger chunks of metal that the filtermag caught before they even reached the filter element. these larger pieces would probably have been caught by the filter element. the countless black pieces are smaller metallic particulates that were floating in ho's crankcase oil. these smaller particulates are the type that are small enough to pass right through the filter and are never filtered out of the crankcase oil. the filtermag captures both large and small particulates. the amount of particulates on ho's oil filter was not inconsiderable. the build-up of particulates on the inside of the oil filter wall was such that the accumulated debris formed raised mounds. the metallic particulates ranged in size from visible bits to almost invisible pieces. the smaller pieces were small enough that they felt almost like grease instead of a metallic paste. the filtermag attracts and traps particulates that small. these are the same particulates that are so small that they go right through the oil filter. after cutting open the oil filter to check it, we removed the standard filtermag and placed it on ho's new oil filter. it's that easy. the heavy-duty filtermag may be used for both standard and high-performance applications. the heavy-duty filtermag is designed for the demanding needs of large diesel trucks, racing vehicles, and other heavy-duty applications like industrial earth movers. the ra365 fits oil filters with a diameter from .to .". the four additional neodymium magnets are designed to trap particulates in high-flow applications, where the additional power is needed to attract trap metallic particulates that are speeding by and to hold them fast against the high-flow of oil surging past. the neodymium magnets attract and trap metal particulates as small as microns in size. here is the oil filter from a baja bug after only minutes of race use. just as with the oil filter from the lincoln navigator and ho's discovery, the particulates adhered to this oil filter are small enough that they would have bypassed the vehicle's oil filter medium and never get caught. without the filtermag, these particulates would still be floating in the vehicle's motor oil. with the filtermag attached, all of these particulates are trapped and cannot harm the engine. both the ss365 standard filtermag bottom and ra365 heavy-duty filtermag provide effective protection for your engine. the heavy-duty filtermag provides better protection than the standard filtermag, but costs considerably more. and the standard filtermag is no slouch. just try to lift a standard filtermag from an oil filter and you will see just how powerful its eight neodymium magnets are. the k n hp- has a diameter of roughly ." and accepts both the ss365 standard filtermag and the ra365 heavy-duty filtermag. the land rover genuine parts err3340 has a diameter of roughly ." and, like the hp-, accepts both the ss365 standard filtermag and the ra365 heavy-duty filtermag. also available from filtermag is the tm360 transmission magnet, which snaps onto your transmission pan and will attract and hold the countless steel particulates that are circulating in your transmission fluid particulates that are too small to be stopped by your transmission's filter . the tm360 features two very large neodymium magnets. snap the tm360 onto the bottom of your steel transmission pan. the tm360 will immediately begin cleaning your transmission fluid without restricting or otherwise affecting transmission fluid's flow. the tm360 is equally suitable for use on your engine's crankcase sump, where it will attract and collect the countless steel particulates that are circulating in your engine oil. the tm360 will immediately begin cleaning your engine's oil without restricting or otherwise affecting oil flow. the tm360 is very thin in profile and will not affect ground clearance. you won't even know it's there. just snap it onto your engine or transmission pan. the very powerful neodymium magnets will hold the tm360 securely in place. the tm360's benefits are very real. here is a transmission pan removed from a range rover classic to show the tm360's effectiveness. the land rover transmissions are fitted with magnetic drain plugs. land rover owners who do their own gearbox maintenance know that the magnetic drain plugs catch only the larger particulates. this is because the factory magnetic drain plugs do not have the drawing power of neodymium magnets. here is a close-up view of the same particulates. note how fine the particulates are. they are so fine that they resemble grease when mixed with the transmission fluid. these fine particulates are not caught by the factory magnetic drain plugs or transmission filter and would be floating around inside the gearbox. but with the tm360 fitted, they are stuck to the side of the gearbox pan. don't be misled by the numerous copycat versions out there. there is only one filtermag. nobody else utilizes the patented technology that filtermag does. filtermag is also the only magnetic oil filtration device on the market today that uses neodymium magnets. these high-intensity rare-earth magnets produce five to times the magnetic force that ceramic magnets do. that is what separates filtermag from other copycat designs. filtermag's patented technology enables it to collect ferrous particulates as small as microns in size, even though these particulates are extremely small in size and are moving quickly through the oil filter with the oil. other copycat designs cannot do what filtermag does. neodymium magnets are for real, and are used by top-quality toolmakers in the automotive industry. these telescoping pick-up tools are manufactured by ullman devices and sold through professional-quality tool sellers like snap-on tools, matco tools, and mac tools under various private labels. the large magnetic pick-up tool is about the size of a sharpie marker, yet easily picks up a land rover front halfshaft. such is the power of neodymium magnets. standard ceramic magnets do not have this kind of pulling power, which is why companies like ullman devices, snap-on, and filtermag use only neodymium magnets. the large magnetic pick-up tool is especially suited for fishing out vehicle carnage in the field. the small magnetic pick-up tool is pen-sized and designed for picking up misplaced screws and other bits, but will easily pick up this snap-on " locking flex ratchet. this is very impressive performance for a magnet as small as this. ullman devices also manufactures the megamag socket rack for companies like snap-on and matco that employs neodymium magnets to hold sockets and various other items. this megamag socket rack will easily suspend the tools shown and many more as well and is a very tool organizer to have around jobs. all of the foregoing premium tool companies use neodymium magnets because they are several times more powerful than ceramic magnets of the same size and perform their task better than standard ceramic magnets. for the same reason, filtermag uses only neodymium magnets in all of its units. only neodymium magnets have the power to attract and trap the smallest of microscopic metal particulates that are floating in your engine oil. these microscopic particulates flow through your oil filter with the oil at a high rate and would otherwise pass right by a conventional ceramic magnet. we also highly recommend replacing your differential drain plugs with the land rover genuine parts magnetic drain plugs. the magnetic drain plugs come standard on the disco2, but also fit the front and rear differentials on land rover vehicles with solid axles such as the defenders, disco1, and range rover classic. a large magnet on the tip attracts and traps metal particulates inside the axle casing and prevents these particulates from causing additional wear to the differential, gears, and bearings contained within the axle. more importantly, the presence or absence of metallic particulates on the drain plug at service time gives visible indication of possible problems with your drivetrain components. these drain plugs do not have the power of the neodymium magnets used in the filtermag, but they are better than nothing and do trap a considerable amount of particulate matter.
__label__non_math	0.6891	the publication detail shows the title, authors with indicators showing other profiled authors , information on the publishing organization, abstract and a link to the article in pubmed. this abstract is what is used to create the fingerprint of the publication. if any grants are referenced by the publication, they will be listed here as well. population-based incidence and etiology of community-acquired neonatal bacteremia in mirzapur, bangladesh: an observational study. gary l darmstadt; samir k saha; yoonjoung choi; shams el arifeen; nawshad uddin ahmed; sanwarul bari; syed m rahman; ishtiaq mannan; derrick crook; kaniz fatima; et al. profiled authors: abdullah baqui; mathuram santosham; yoonjoung choi; peter winch; robert black department of international health, bloomberg school of public health, johns hopkins university, baltimore, md, usa. the journal of infectious diseases ;200 :906-. background: to devise treatment strategies for neonatal infections, the population-level incidence and antibiotic susceptibility of pathogens must be defined. methods: surveillance for suspected neonatal sepsis was conducted in mirzapur, bangladesh, from february through november . community health workers assessed neonates on postnatal days , , , and and referred sick neonates to a hospital, where blood was collected for culture from neonates with suspected sepsis. we estimated the incidence and pattern of community-acquired neonatal bacteremia and determined the antibiotic susceptibility profile of pathogens. results: the incidence rate of community-acquired neonatal bacteremia was .per person-neonatal periods. among the pathogens identified, the most common was staphylococcus aureus half of all isolates were gram positive. nine were resistant to ampicillin and gentamicin or to ceftiaxone, and were resistant to cotrimoxazole. conclusion: s. aureus was the most common pathogen to cause community-acquired neonatal bacteremia. nearly of infections were identified on days -, emphasizing the need to address maternal and environmental sources of infection. the combination of parenteral procaine benzyl penicillin and an aminoglycoside is recommended for the first-line treatment of serious community-acquired neonatal infections in rural bangladesh, which has a moderate level of neonatal mortality. additional population-based data are needed to further guide national and global strategies. this section shows information related to the publication - computed using the fingerprint of the publication - including related publications, related experts and related grants with fingerprints representing significant amounts of overlap between their fingerprint and this publication. the red dots indicate whether those experts or terms appear within the publication, thereby showing potential and actual connections. luke c mullany; samir k saha; rasheduzzaman shah; mohammad shahidul islam; mostafiz rahman; maksuda islam; radwanur rahman talukder; shams el arifeen; gary l darmstadt; abdullah h baquithe pediatric infectious disease journal ; :444-. abdullah h baqui; mahbubur rahman; k zaman; shams el arifeen; hafizur rahman chowdhury; nazma begum; gaurav bhattacharya; rashid a chotani; mohammad yunus; mathuram santosham; et al.journal of health, population, and nutrition ; :179-. shams e arifeen; samir k saha; sayedur rahman; kazi mizanur rahman; syed moshfiqur rahman; sanwarul bari; aliya naheed; ishtiaq mannan; m habibur r seraji; nawshad u ahmed; et al.clinical infectious diseases : an official publication of the infectious diseases society of america ;suppl :s103-. appears in this publication author of this publication
__label__non_math	0.9997	183: snacktime rules title text: i am not making this rule up. although my mom wants you all to know it made perfect sense at the time. nerdiness and science often go hand-in-hand, but randall feels that a lot of his nerdiness was actually influenced by his mother. if randall really had this random math-based rule during his childhood, he would only have been allowed a snack in his room before bed at ages: , , , , , , and . - my dad was always the one who taught me about science, but looking back, i'm starting to realize how much my nerdiness was influenced by my mom. - a woman and a child are talking - child: mom, can i have a snack in my room before bed? - mom: no, dear. you know you only get that privilege when your age is one less than a multiple of three.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the quality inn in bainbridge, the bass capital of georgia and a top destination for water sports and fishing, offers easy access to lake seminole and the historic district. the hotel is also convenient to the bainbridge little theater, bainbridge college and flint river. guests of the quality inn hotel are invited to relax in the seasonal outdoor pool, use the business center for access to copy and fax services and work out in the fitness center. the hotel has extra parking in the back with electrical outlets for boat charging. other amenities include free hot breakfast, free high-speed internet access, and a free newspaper monday through friday. all guest rooms offer a flat-screen television with cable, coffee maker, desk, refrigerator, microwave, alarm clock, iron and ironing board. some rooms feature a whirlpool. this is a pet-friendly hotel, with four-legged friends allowed to stay for a fee. we offer group rates for swamp gravy tour groups, weddings and reunions. hours of operation sunday: all day monday: all day tuesday: all day wednesday: all day thursday: all day friday: all day saturday: all day complimentary breakfast, complimentary newspaper, exercise room fitness center, free parking, full-service business center, outdoor pool, parking on site, public restrooms high-speed in public space, high-speed in-room hair dryer, in-room coffee maker, iron ironing board
__label__non_math	1.0000	an error occurred while processing your request. you may want to use your browser's "back" button to return to the previous page or contact the site administrator. if this page is displayed after you submitted the event search form on the site home page, your dates were not in correct chronological order. please check the dates and submit the form again. return to the explore minnesota homepage.
__label__non_math	0.9999	gaddafi was captured and wounded in both legs as he tried to flee in a convoy which nato warplanes attacked, national transitional council official abdel majid mlegta said. "he was also hit in his head and there was a lot of firing against his group and he died," the official said. first image released of gaddafi who was pronounced dead by ntc officials an anti-gaddafi fighter said the deposed libyan leader had been found hiding in a hole in the ground and had said "don't shoot, don't shoot" to the men who grabbed him. gaddafi has died his capture followed within minutes of the fall of sirte, a development that extinguished the last significant resistance by forces loyal to the deposed leader. an official with libya's national transitional council later confirmed that the first photo, which was believed to be taken on a mobile phone, was that of gaddafi. prime minister david cameron said today he was proud of the role britain had played in bringing about the end of colonel gaddafi's regime as he spoke of the death of the former dictator. he said: "today is a day we should think of all colonel gaddafi's victims - i pay tribute to the bravery of the libyans who have helped liberate their country." the pm made reference to the lockerbie bombing and yvonne fletcher in his speech. muammar gaddafi, covered in blood, is held on the ground u.n chief ban ki-moon said the day of gaddafi's death marked an "historic transition for libya." the capture of sirte and the death of gaddafi means libya's ruling ntc should now begin the task of forging a new democratic system which it had said it would get under way after the city, built as a showpiece for gaddafi's rule, had fallen. graphic pictures of gaddafi at the moment he was captured gaddafi, wanted by the international criminal court on charges of ordering the killing of civilians, was toppled by rebel forces on august after years of one-man rule over the oil-producing north african state. the vice chairman of libya's national transitional council also confirmed that ousted leader muammar gaddafi had been killed stills taken from video footage of the death of gaddafi "we announce to the world that muammar gaddafi has been killed at the hands of the revolutionaries," abdul hafiz ghoga told a news conference in benghazi. "we will announce the liberation of libya within hours, maybe sooner." the body of the libyan dictator has now been taken to misrata. one of muammar gaddafi's sons, mo'tassim, has also been killed by fighters from libya's ntc while another, saif al-islam, is trying to flee the fallen city of sirte but is being surrounded, a senior ntc military official said rebels shoot in the air as they celebrate overrunning gaddafi's compound earlier this year the u.s. state department said it could not confirm that deposed muammar gaddafi has been killed. "we've seen the media reports but can't confirm them," said state department spokeswoman beth gosselin. an anti-gaddafi fighter points at the drain where gaddafi was hiding before he was captured libyan fighters this morning drove the last holdouts of gaddafi out of his hometown of sirte in a few hours of fierce gunbattles, then declared victory over the last major resistance two months after the fall of tripoli. the ecstatic former rebels celebrated by firing endless rounds into the sky, pumping their guns, knives and even a meat cleaver in the air and singing the national anthem. libyan leader colonel muammar gaddafi has been pronounced dead in the central quarter where the final battle took place, the fighters looking like the same ragtag force that started the uprising eight months ago jumped up and down with joy and flashed v-for-victory signs. some burned the green gaddafi flag, then stepped on it with their boots. libyan refugees in tunisia celebrate after hearing news that libyan leader gaddafi was killed libyans celebrate the news of gaddafi's death at martyrs square in tripoli they chanted "allah akbar," or "god is great" in arabic, while one fighter climbed a traffic light pole to unfurl the revolution's flag, which he first kissed. discarded military uniforms of gaddafi's fighters littered the streets. one revolutionary fighter waved a silver trophy in the air while another held up a box of firecrackers, then set them off. "our forces control the last neighborhood in sirte," hassan draoua, a member of libya's interim national transitional council, said. "the city has been liberated." prime minister david cameron makes a statement in downing street on the death of gaddafi french foreign minister alain juppe said the death of gaddafi marked the end of years of tyranny and the beginning of democracy in libya. "it is the beginning of a new era, the beginning of democracy and reconstruction in libya," juppe told reporters during a visit to new delhi. the people of libya and refugees in nearby countries celebrated the death of the leader across the country. gaddafi, who ruled libya for years pictured here in the libyan leader was intoxicated with power
__label__non_math	1.0000	expressions orthodontics has taken the time to select the brightest and most dedicated professionals in the dental industry. our support staff of registered dental assistants have specialized training in orthodontics and the friendliest attitudes we could find. our team prides itself on continued competency in the field of orthodontics by keeping up-to-date on the best available treatments to keep your teeth healthy and looking their best. from braces to headgears, we know how to care for teeth. challenges are met with a smile, and so are our customers when they walk in the door.
__label__non_math	0.9982	steve padgitt, faculty, sociology increasingly, policy makers and local leaders are recognizing and emphasizing the importance of local entrepreneurial support to advance economic development in rural communities. in part, this has been prompted by the reduction in opportunities for rural communities to attract externally owned and managed firms. to increase entrepreneurial activities and reduce poverty in three targeted northwest iowa and southern minnesota communities by sponsoring co-sponsoring educational events, support activities and local resources for entrepreneurialism. jane goeken, northwest field specialist lead, in conjunction with beverlyn allen, campus, and the northwest area foundation's nwaf horizons program: working groups for increased community capital has been formed, are active, and have energized each community. among the new groups are ones addressing skill and interpersonal support for local entrepreneurs. supporters and participants of the horizons program were also persons active in one community's successful bid for a high competitive gaming license. this achievement has led to increased interest in new businesses. 121-- adding value and enhancing agricultural products page last updated: page maintained by linda schultz, firstname.lastname
__label__non_math	0.9998	one of the most popular online entities in the field of private jet charter, privatjet.com, which was sold for whopping .million in cash and stock, that was approved by the board of directors of both the companies. nations, a leading name in the luxury aviation realm, will deliver the industry s most efficient platform for worldwide charter, aircraft acquisition and private jet sales, through the integration of its patented jet-connect charter bid system. by the end of the year, it is expected that privatejet will have over 250,000 unique visitors monthly from over countries and will serve as the destination website for private jet travelers, pilots, aviation brokers and consumers who prefer to live life without limitations. also, is working on plans to achieve a universal media solution, which will include a private jet magazine, worldwide lifestyle events and a vast array of strategic partnerships, that will help privatejet be recognized as the world wide leader both online and offline. these days, privatejet should launch its exclusive privatejet.com carte blanche card that will provide its members with a vast array of exclusive offers never seen before within the ultra luxury segment. in september , global domain marketers sedo.com sold another aviation related domain, jets.com for , so that sale of this domain privatejet.com, could be the highest price paid for a pure domain sale.
__label__non_math	0.9988	minnesota vikings running back adrian peterson made some controversial comments about the nfl labor situation in an interview with doug farrar of yahoo's shutdown corner . the interview was conducted just before the nflpa decertified. "it's modern-day slavery, you know? people kind of laugh at that, but there are people working at regular jobs who get treated the same way, too. with all the money," peterson continued. "the owners are trying to get a different percentage, and bring in more money." farrar took out the quote shortly after publishing. he tweeted that he wanted to give peterson an opportunity to explain. farrar described the comment as "a real misstep." when asked about the owners not showing their financial information, peterson suggested that they are hiding something. "well, show us.' we want more information, and they want to bull , going around, saying this and that, just open it up and give us the information we want. if they have nothing to hide, just give us the information ," the -year-old said. "why not? obviously, there's a lot to hide -- these guys are professionals, and they're maximizing what they do." full article here
__label__non_math	0.9987	it depends on who the other team is. i really like kaepernick in college, so i'd probably root for him to do well. that being said there are generally a couple teams in the afc i like more than the 49ers, so we'll see. i don't think we need to worry about people saying running qbs don't win sbs. the qb position has been a passing position for years, pure runners generally don't have the mechanics, accuracy, etc., that pocket passers do. in the past you pretty much had to pick either a pocket passer with minimal scrambling speed, or a running qb with problems in his passing. now we've got a bunch of dual threat guys in the league and coming into the league. griffin, kaepernick, newton, and wilson are all dual threat. a few other guys could probably qualify over the next few years, johnny manziel had over rushing yards to go with his 3to1 td int passing ratio. colin klein, logan thomas, and tajh boyd are all guys who could qualify as dual threat, with thomas being an early favorite for top qb next year. sooner or later some qb who has a large number of rushes but also great passing technique is going to win a sb, and people will finally be quiet about the whole thing. the whole "running qbs don't win sbs" thing is based purely around the notion that running qbs are flawed passers, which is no longer true. aaron rodgers and big ben are "running qbs" too. "in the redskins are gonna be the nfc east champions, and that starts right f king today. kyle shanahan, - rak has huge game in most recent trip, last year season - drafted rak in '. rak would be or at the time. that would be awesome if he had that kind of game at that age. heck, it'd be awesome to have that kind of game at any age. did you see aaronrodgers td sprint vs the lions the other day? he won a super bowl last edited by terryb101; december-13th- at . there are currently users browsing this thread. members and guests
__label__non_math	0.9730	more sadass bull . atlanta - most of the crowd leaving the georgia dome following the falcons' -loss to the 49ers left calmly, contemplating what might have been. but in at least one instance, a dispute between a falcons fan and a 49ers fan turned violent. according to wsb-tv reporter rachel stockman, witnesses reported that a falcons fan punched a 49er fan, who in turn pulled a knife and either cut or stabbed the falcons fan in the neck. details such as the exact individuals involved in the incident and the victim's condition are not yet known. the victim was taken by ambulance to a nearby hospital. more details as they become available.
__label__non_math	0.9961	super stylist odile gilbert for john frieda created the "rocker princess' mane seen at the rodarte fall show. as we've seen on so many runways this season, the texture was effortless and undone. - before drying the hair, odile applied dollops of frizz-ease curl reviver styling mousse to build texture while ensuring a smooth finish. - after hair was blow-dried, a -inch iron was used to create loose bends. frizz-ease moisture barrier hairspray was lightly misted over each section before it was wrapped around the iron to lock the waves in place. - next, the waves were brushed out to make the texture look more natural, and braids on both sides were connected in the back of the head with a rose made of the models own hair. - to finish the look, a dime size of the frizz-ease hair serum thermal protection formula was smoothed over random ends to make sure the overall effect was undone with a little polish.
__label__non_math	1.0000	with cable tv service is free. if you experience a problem or have a question about your cable give our office a call. 519.345. give us a call before you move , and we will reconnect your cable tv service at your new residence. up to outlets per household with no extra monthly digging, landscaping or installing a fence. please give our office a call for a free locate of cable lines in displays community and non profit events. if you are part of a non-profit organization, remember to add cable tv channel to your list of advertising.
__label__non_math	1.0000	ez airport shuttle jacksonville, fl jax ez airport shuttle is the shuttle division of terry transportation and airport shuttle llc. jacksonville, gainesville, st. augustine, fl ez airport shuttle is conveniently located at the jacksonville international airport jax in the faa building next to the meet and greet area where our drivers pick you up making it ez for you. "our prices make your choice ez, our service makes us proud" we provide door to door and shared shuttles serving jacksonville, gainesville, and st augustine, florida to include the entire first coast and southern georgia. reservations in advance make it ez for you so call til midnight or book your reservation online, it s ez. you ve landed, got your luggage, where s my driver? it ez to locate your ez airport shuttle driver at jax airport: just go to the pre arranged transportation booth, past delta baggage claim carousel, exit that end of the building and the booth is immediately to the right. if you perhaps do not find this ez, that s okay, call 904 741- and we will assist you, it s all about you." we provide service to and from jacksonville airport: - all major hotels - all offices - home door to door - corporate accounts welcome direct billing available why ez airport shuttle ? - no extra charge for delayed flights - shared shuttle or direct transfer - liberal cancellation policy - clean non-smoking vehicles - ice cold bottled water, mints in your dish lowest rates.......... highest standards it s all about you
__label__non_math	0.9842	may 15th f1plus team .- an now the formula goes to the iberian peninsula for the spanish grand prix. most of the teams will keep bringing their improvements and developments to their cars, and force india, will also try to put theirs into action. adrian sutil at istanbul park the team had planned for a new wing for turkey, but the wet conditions did not provide the best opportunity to analyse that addition, so the team decided not to use it and leave for a another race. there s a possibility that to the new package will be put into practice for this upcoming race at catalunya, but it might be delayed to monaco. the team seems to be pretty confident that the overall upgrade will give them the edge and become more of a threat to the big teams as well as a chance to officially lead the middle pack teams. when our new aerodynamic developments are in place, i m confident we can take a step forward in terms of performance. vijay mallya, the team s principal, added. force india drivers and the circuit of catalunya. adrian sutil q a which part of the lap is most challenging? the first three corners are quite difficult. it s a quick complex and it s important to get turn one right to have the correct line through the next couple of corners. in qualifying trim, turn three could be taken flat. what's the secret to setting a quick laptime? the first and second sectors are high-speed and you need to have the right aero balance. but the final part of the lap is quite slow and the mechanical set-up is more important. the difficult thing is to find the golden middle. overtaking has always been difficult at barcelona will that change this year? yes, i think we should see some overtaking. there is a long straight and tyre degradation will be high. i m sure the race will be a bit different to what we have seen in previous years. paul di resta shares his impressions about the upcoming race. i m really looking forward to this weekend because i probably know barcelona better than any other track on the calendar. we did two tests there in the winter and i had four days in the car so i already feel quite well prepared. in fact, it s a track that all the drivers know like the back of their hand and the teams have so much data already. it s usually a race where all the teams bring upgrades so we will need to take a step forward if we want to stay in the mix. we evaluated a new front wing in istanbul and we hope to have more steps coming through in the near future. the team has been working hard on this new concept and everybody is quite upbeat about its race introduction, so that s something to look forward to. the aim for the weekend is to hopefully get back in the points. we ve been pretty close to the top ten in all the races so far this season, so hopefully we can stay in the hunt.
__label__math	0.7868	guide for aviation medical examiners - application process for medical certification exam techniques and criteria for qualification . has a soda ever been issued? items -. statement of demonstrated ability soda ; soda serial number ask the applicant if a soda has ever been issued. if the answer is "yes", ask the applicant to show you the document. then check the "yes" block and record the nature and degree of the defect. soda's are valid for an indefinite period or until an adverse change occurs that results in a level of defect worse than that stated on the face of the document. the faa issues soda's for certain static defects, but not for disqualifying condition or conditions that may be progressive. the extent of the functional loss that has been cleared by the faa is stated on the face of the soda. if the examiner finds the condition has become worse, a medical certificate should not be issued even if the applicant is otherwise qualified. the examiner should also defer issuance if it is unclear whether the applicant's present status represents an adverse change. the examiner must take special care not to issue a medical certificate of a higher class than that specified on the face of the soda even if the applicant appears to be otherwise medically qualified. the examiner may note in item the applicant's desire for a higher class. . soda serial number enter the assigned serial number in the space provided.
__label__non_math	0.9930	can i stop my dog barking? barking is a normal dog behaviour but it can very easily become a nuisance. there can be a variety of reasons why dogs bark excessively and it is important to understand these before trying to resolve the problem. punishing your dog will make the problem worse. barking when greeting you: you may feel this proves your dog's love for you, unfortunately it actually means that at some stage he was praised for barking - such as fussing him when he is barking and this has given him the wrong message. until your dog stops barking, he should be ignored and praised as soon as he stops barking. barking when visitors come into your home: initial barking when there is a knock at the door is quite normal but this should stop as soon as you give the command to stop.to achieve this, you will need some practise with friends to ring your doorbell, and then move your dog away from the front door. stand between him and the front door and walking towards him until he is giving you enough room to open the door this exercise should be enough to stop him barking and then ask him calmly to sit. open the door and your friends will have to ignore your dog if he starts barking again and only fuss him once he stops - that way your fab pooch is getting powerful messages: the first one is that you are the pack leader and secondly that barking is never rewarded. barking when getting ready for going for a walk: again this will take time. when you start to get ready for the your walk such as getting the lead out etc. and your dog starts barking, just go and sit down and ignore him. when he stops, start again and eventually he will get the message that barking slows down the process of going out and when he stops barking long enough, he is rewarded by being taken out barking when left alone: i have always found it is better to start by leaving the dog in a room and stepping out of the house for maybe just or minutes to check on your dog's behaviour when left alone. . if your dog starts barking, when you return to the room you must ignore him and only fuss him when he is quiet and calm. this should be repeated on a regular basis and gradually he should be left longer. when you leave the house, do not fuss the dog, try and use a word or expression every time you go out that will make him understand you are going out but you will be back barking due to boredom: some dogs have more energy than others or need more stimulation than others. exercise and interactive play with your pet are the key solutions. remember it is recommended a dog should be walked for a minimum of minutes twice a day to use up any excess energy. consistency and perseverance are the keywords to your success
__label__non_math	1.0000	item number: en-788 on sale: .per yard. sale ends: .per yard .per yard - contents: cotton - washing: machine wash cold tumble dry low - horizontal repeat: .'' - vertical repeat: .'' - manufacturer: springs creative products - collection: transformers description: licensed by hasbro to springs creative products group, this cotton print features transformer cars on a black and grey air filter background. colors include yellow, grey, black, red and blue. use for quilting and craft projects. pre-treat your new fabrics it is very important to treat wash your new fabrics exactly as you plan to treat wash them after the garment or home d cor item is made. even dry cleaning can produce some shrinkage. we recommend you test a x square of your new fabric if you are at all unsure how it will react to your chosen laundering method. if you always test the same sized square, you will be able to check the percentage of shrinkage. machine wash cold tumble dry low
__label__non_math	1.0000	the leaves are falling, and the weather is cooling down, which means there's been no better time to cozy up on the couch with a movie. the leaves are falling, and the weather is cooling down, which means there's been no better time to cozy up on the couch with a movie. just in time is today's new dvd and blu-ray releases a lady-friendly blockbuster, an independent thriller, and a foreign flick from a franchise that's sweeping the literary masses. sex and the city the much-anticipated sequel to the first sex and the city movie, the second film is a flashy follow-up with less heart than the original. it's still worth seeing if you love the myriad costume changes and tv's fab foursome. carrie bradshaw, hitting a rough patch in her marriage, takes a trip to abu dhabi with the girls miranda, samantha, and charlotte and the middle eastern-related puns ensure. most of you said you'd rent the movie when it came out rather than own it, so here's your chance. the extras include a featurette on the '80s flashback which you can preview here , and a behind-the-scenes soundtrack featurette with alicia keys. up-and-comer jennifer lawrence stars in this indie drama as ree, a -year-old girl who takes on the responsibility of keeping her poverty-stricken family together. when she ventures into the dark ozarks to retrieve her father, things get foreboding and more than a little frightening. you may not have heard much of the movie before now, but considering it's built up some awards buzz since it won this year's sundance film festival grand jury prize, you may be hearing more about it in the coming months. dvd extras include a commentary with the director and cinematographer, a couple of featurettes, and a music video performed by marideth sisco. see one more new release when you read more
__label__non_math	0.9998	sometimes, my friends and i like to posse up and paint the town red. to let everyone know we're bffs for life, we dress to a similar theme; kinda dorky but it's a lot of fun. stephkonkle knows what i'm talking about. she took this photo of two bosom buddies and created two glittery glam looks. both outfits are silvery gray but have completely different styles. i can't decide, i love them both
__label__non_math	0.9660	our compatibility charts depict a range of days centered on the target day. the numbers -, -, , and across the top mark dates ranging from the past to the future. the numbers from maximum to - minimum indicate where the rhythms are on a particular day. in general, a rhythm at is thought to have no real impact on your life, whereas a rhythm at a high would give you an edge in that area, and a rhythm at - a low would make life more difficult in that area. there is no particular meaning to a day on which your rhythms are all high or all low, except the obvious benefits or hindrances that these rare extremes are thought to have on your life. compatibility: when looking at the biorhythmic relationship between two people, the key thing to understand is that we are looking at phase compatibility. in other words, physical compatibility between two people does not mean that the relationship will be in a physical high all of the time - it means that all of the highs and lows between those two people will match. with this in mind, it may be clearer that when you look at a biorhythmic compatibility chart, you are looking at the highs and lows of the relationship as a whole. the three primary biorhythm cycles are: emotional: this cycle tracks the stability and positive energy of your psyche and outlook on life, as well as your capacity to empathize with and build rapport with other people. intellectual: this cycle tracks your verbal, mathematical, symbolic, and creative abilities, as well as your capacity to apply reason and analysis to the world around you. physical: this cycle tracks your strength, health, and raw physical vitality. the three secondary cycles that derive from the primaries are: mastery: this is the composite of the intellectual and physical cycles. mastery encompasses your ability to succeed at tasks and to obtain what you desire. this cycle also tracks athletic ability and the focus required to learn physical skills. passion: this is the composite of the physical and emotional cycles. passion encompasses your motivation to act, and the drive that allows you to continue a difficult pursuit. this cycle also tracks sexuality in its purest form. wisdom: this is the composite of the emotional and intellectual cycles. wisdom encompasses your understanding of the world, your role in it, and the things that are truly important to your life. this cycle also tracks the presence of mind that you need to make crucial decisions.
__label__non_math	1.0000	rutledge, edward, , political leader in the american revolution, signer of the declaration of independence, b. charleston, s.c.; brother of john rutledge. he studied law at the middle temple, london, and was admitted to the english bar. he returned to america and was a member of the continental congress. he later held official posts at both the national and state level. he was captured by the british at the fall of charleston. he was governor of south carolina from to . the columbia electronic encyclopedia, 6th ed. see more encyclopedia articles on: u.s. history: biographies
__label__non_math	0.9999	monday, this was 77th day of the year and 288 days remained in the year. march in history russian czar ivan iv, or ivan the terrible, died at age . after months of american protests, britain repealed the stamp act. the most violent single tornado in u.s. history, the tri-state tornado, hit missouri, indiana, and illinois, killing 689 people and injuring ,000 others. soviet cosmonaut aleksei leonov made the first spacewalk. the oil tanker torrey canyon was wrecked off the cornish coast of england, spilling 919,000 barrels of oil into the sea. a small asteroid made the closest approach to earth ever recorded, only about ,500 miles away. after a long legal battle, terry schiavo's feeding tube was removed. she died days later. return to perpetual calendar note: dates in the islamic calendar are provided for planning purposes only, and calculated with the hdate islamic calendar program for moonrise in boston, masschusetts. depending on your location and other factors, this result may differ from actual religious observances by one day. please consult your local religious authority for any religious determinations of hejiric date.
__label__non_math	0.9999	last year republican rep. paul ryan presented a budget plan that was, according to one analysis, full of "dubious assertions, questionable assumptions and fishy figures." but ryan's brand of budget austerity makes the media swoon hence we saw coverage fair media advisory, of ryan's "piercing blue eyes" that dubbed him "a powerpoint fanatic with an almost unsettling fluency in the fine print of massive budget documents." ryan's budget was never going to be adopted, but its release was widely covered across the corporate media. he was given credit for presenting a plan to reduce government deficits, even though his plan didn't really do much of that. at the same time, the congressional progressive caucus released its people's budget, which raised taxes on the wealthy, slashed military spending, enacted a public option in healthcare and a wall street speculation tax and unlike ryan's plan, actually balanced the budget. it got almost no media attention. the most prominent story may have been the attack by washington post columnist dana milbank , who mocked the "starry-eyed" progressives for, among other things, being poorly dressed and coming up with a name for their plan that "conveyed an unhelpful association with 'the people's republic' and other socialist undertakings." a year later, we're seeing the very same thing. paul ryan has a new budget proposal that looks similar to his last budget. as economist dean baker put it: house budget committee chairman paul ryan did a great public service when he released his budget last week. by throwing a piece of total garbage on the table and pretending it is a real budget plan, he allowed us to see who in washington is serious about the budget and who just says things that will push their agenda. the corporate media have rushed to cover the garbage. and yesterday the progressive caucus released its "budget for all" plan. and the media reaction so far? according to my search of the nexis news database, it's exactly one article, by bay area news group reporter josh richman . it's a good one, though in that it presents the debate in a way that is almost unheard of in the rest of the press: "two vastly different visions of how the government should spend its money were introduced in congress this past week." richman writes that "most of the national buzz" went to the ryan plan then goes on to describe the progressive caucus budget clearly: it not only would end the bush-era tax cuts, but also create new tax brackets for millionaires and billionaires in keeping with the "buffett rule." named after multibillionaire warren buffett who's pushing the agenda the rule posits that the nation's richest shouldn't pay a lower percentage of income in taxes than less-affluent americans. it ends what critics call "corporate welfare" for fossil-fuel industries, includes public funding of election campaigns and provides more aid to homeowners facing foreclosure. representatives of ryan's budget committee didn't return emails or a phone call seeking comment on honda's budget plan. the piece closes with this quote from rep. mike honda, who is on the progressive caucus' budget task-force: "if people knew what the choices were, i think they'd say, 'jesus, the progressive caucus budget looks pretty good.' " sadly, most people never will because the media won't report the choice in the first place.
__label__non_math	1.0000	skip this header saturday, , tuesday, -- the tight race for president this year and the nasty fight for a u.s. senate seat appear to be factors driving a large turnout at fairfield's polls tuesday. a worker at the registrars of voters office said at midday, even though an official turnout percentage was unavaulable, the number of... read full story stay up to date on all of fairfield's community events, high school sports and more in our week in photos slideshow officers spent time atop victoria's secret to raise awareness for the special olympics in their annual "cop on top" event. check out what fun things are going on around town this weekend.
__label__non_math	0.9998	second of two parts. in the previous column, we toured the present-day east cemetery on the old post road. but in looking at its origin in by a town body called the first located school society, we found ourselves wandering back to 17th-century england, when the king granted his connecticut colony a hefty slice of north america. we then jumped ahead a century to see connecticut give almost all of it away to cancel revolutionary war debts and settle a shooting war with pennsylvania. connecticut's consolation prize was an isolated fragment of its former colonial real estate holdings, more than five hundred miles west of hartford. you've probably heard of case western reserve university in cleveland, but you probably didn't know that it's named after the above-noted remnant of connecticut's legacy from charles ii, which became known as the western reserve. three million acres all told, it extended south to the 41st parallel from the shores of lake erie and west from the newly drawn western border of pennsylvania. you know it today as northern ohio. yep, connecticut lost a bunch of land but still owned a big piece of ohio. impressive after the revolutionary war, a few connecticut settlers tried to make a go of it in the western reserve, but severe weather, lack of supply and agricultural routes, and less-than-welcoming indians made things very difficult. connecticut, perhaps for lack of a better idea for the western reserve, decided to sell it. in , a group of private investors picked it up for .million, or about cents an acre. the investors sent a guy named moses cleaveland to survey the area, and he got to have the city, with a slight spelling change, named after him. connecticut relinquished its legal authority over the western reserve a few years later, and it was absorbed into the northwest territory. hey, we could have owned cleveland this is where the first located school society comes in. but first, let me explain why there's one county and several townships in ohio named after fairfield. as the 19th century approached, the indian threat passed, and supply routes improved. more and more connecticut families emigrated to the western reserve to get cheap, fertile land and live alongside like-minded new englanders. the settlers naturally named their new towns after their old ones, so fairfield and other connecticut towns are well represented in ohio. the westernmost 500,000 acres of the western reserve, known as the firelands, had long ago been set aside for residents of eight connecticut towns, including fairfield, who suffered the loss of their homes to the british in the revolutionary war. affected families were to receive individual land grants, but bureaucracy, indians, and the war of killed the well-intentioned project. finally, we can finish the story of the east cemetery. what did connecticut do with that .million windfall from the sale of the western reserve? the legislature nobly created a perpetual school fund, to be administered by the towns through civil authorities called school societies, now extinct as public education evolved. the inaugural meeting of the first located school society of fairfield took place on , "in order to form and organize themselves in a school society according to one statute law of this state." the society immediately laid out six school districts. here is how the first district was described, exactly as recorded in the original record book: "voted and agreed that the first district for a school in this society -- to begin at black rock a little easterly of john wheeler's house, and to run northwardly of david wheeler's house -- and from thence to run down to the river eastward to grovers hill point -- and from thence running up the harbour as far as to the place first set out, -- all the inhabitants contained within said limits to be one district for a school in said society, and to be called by the name of the black rock district." five more districts were similarly defined, with boundaries that worked well for fairfielders, but might be a little shaky these days. in , in concert with other connecticut school societies, the first located school society took on the task of establishing a burial ground, for the "better accommodation of the inhabitants ..." it seems that this was an obligation legislated by the state, but why cemeteries would fall to the school societies is a mystery. a committee identified a plot of land in the center of town owned by mrs. sarah taylor, bought it for , dubbed it the east cemetery, and launched itself into the cemetery business. business must have been good. within the year, the school society opened the west cemetery on the post road, complete with sections for "strangers" and "colored people." so, it all comes together: king charles ii made connecticut a very big north american landholder. but then, revolutionary war debt and the yankee-pennamite wars took most of it away but begat the western reserve, which begat the perpetual school fund, which begat the first located school society of fairfield, which begat the east cemetery on the old post road. ron blumenfeld is a fairfield writer and retired pediatrician. his "moving forward, looking back" appears every other wednesday. he can be reached at email
__label__non_math	0.9761	salvation for the dead: a response to luke wilson by matthew roper some critics of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints claim that latter-day saint teachings regarding salvation for the dead are inconsistent with biblical teachings and are based upon a misreading of peter , :, and corinthians . most recently, luke wilson of gospel truths ministry an evangelical anti-mormon organization based in michigan has argued that mormons are not only biblically wrong, but even inconsistent with the teachings found in the book of mormon as well.in this paper, i will discuss the concept of salvation for the dead as it was taught by early christians. first, i will address wilson s claim that lds teachings on salvation for the dead contradict biblical and book of mormon teachings. second, i will address several questions bearing on the interpretation of peter and peter :, namely, when and where did christ go to preach, to whom did he preach, what did he proclaim there, and does peter :really relate to peter . finally, i will respond to wilson s criticisms of the lds understanding of corinthians . does salvation for the dead contradict the bible? wilson claims that the notion that those who died without a knowledge of the gospel need to have the opportunity to hear it is in conflict with the teachings of the bible. according to wilson, romans -shows that, those who do not have the written word of god are nevertheless without excuse according to paul, because they have rejected god s revelation of himself through creation and the human conscience : . no doubt, the wonders of creation testify to god s existence, but they do not explain the gospel of jesus christ. while it is certainly true that all men and women have a conscience which helps them distinguish between good and evil, they cannot respond to and accept a gospel they have not heard and it is only the gospel of jesus christ that saves. as paul observed, how then shall they call on him in whom they have not believed? and how shall they believe in him of whom they have not heard? and how shall they hear without a preacher? romans . god is not arbitrary and unjust. somebody, somewhere, has to teach these people so that they may hear and have the opportunity of accepting or rejecting the gospel message before the judgement. when one examines romans -carefully, it becomes clear that paul is not speaking of those who die in ignorance of the gospel, but is speaking of the consequences of willfully rejecting the gospel when it is offered. the wrath of god, says paul, is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men who hold the truth in unrighteousness. to hold the truth in unrighteousness, they must first have had the truth and then rejected it. because that which may be known of god is manifest in them; for god hath shewed it unto them romans - . god always reveals the gospel through his appointed preachers and messengers. when the gospel of jesus christ is preached by the power of god, the conscience or light of christ within all men and women shows them that what they are hearing is true. if they follow that light, it will lead them to accept the gospel. if they reject it they will fall back into darkness and sin as paul tells us romans - . it is those who have been taught the gospel who are without excuse romans , since even god s creations honor and obey god s power and will, even when man does not. the sin of man lies in knowing the truth and rejecting it anyway, because that when they knew god, they glorified him not as god, neither were they thankful, but became vain in their imaginations, and their foolish heart was darkened romans . having openly rejected the gospel message when it was offered, they brought divine judgements upon themselves romans . those who die in ignorance of the gospel message without having the opportunity to receive it, however, are another matter entirely. latter-day saints are not the only people who recognize the importance of this issue. stephen t. davis, a professor of philosophy at claremont college has recently written a cogent defense of the resurrection that many evangelicals should gladly welcome.addressing the issue of those who die in ignorance of the gospel, davis states: suppose there was a woman named oohku who lived from 370-320 b.c. in the interior of borneo. obviously, she would never have heard of jesus christ or the judeo-christian god; she would never have been baptized, nor would she ever have made any institutional or psychological commitment to christ or to the christian church. she couldn t have done these things; she was simply born in the wrong place and at the wrong time. could it be right for god to condemn this woman to eternal hell just because she was never able to come to god through christ? of course not. but how can god s mercy take effect, since salvation is only in the gospel of jesus christ? as a solution, davis suggests post-mortem evangelism. he argues that a number of new testament passages support this view including ephesians :-; peter -; :; and corinthians . he notes the early christian tradition that christ during the interval between his death and resurrection descended to preach the gospel to the spirits of the dead. despite the scores of interpretations of the difficult texts just cited that have been suggested in the history of christian thought, this still seems to be a possible and plausible exegesis of peter -; :-. davis then reasons, if the gospel was once preached to the dead, perhaps this practice continues. if so, perhaps the ignorant are preached to after death and receive then the chance they never had before to receive christ and turn to god. this scripture merely states that the judgement follows death. latter-day saints do not question that, however it is what happens in-between death and resurrection before the judgement that is the issue in question. jesus and the apostles understood there was an interval between the time of death and the resurrection. wilson argues that the story related by jesus in luke -, makes clear that there is no opportunity to repent after death and excludes the possibility of repentance in the spirit world : . wilson s example, however, is ill-chosen since it does not describe the fate of one who died in ignorance, but the fate of one who sinned against light and knowledge. unlike those who die in ignorance of the gospel, the rich man and his family had already known of moses and the prophets luke . these prophets had repeatedly taught israel to treat the poor with mercy and kindness. thus he had not died in ignorance of this truth, but had chosen a life of wickedness in spite of the commandments. now dead, and having sinned against this light of knowledge, he finds himself suffering torment in hell. this example does not apply to those who die in ignorance. does salvation for the dead contradict the book of mormon? wilson asks why, if the book of mormon contains the fulness of the gospel, why it does not contain explicit references to the teaching of baptism for the dead and other lds teachings. latter-day saints have generally understood that baptism for the dead was only practiced after the time of christ. most of the book of mormon takes place before the time of christ, so we should hardly expect pre-christian references to baptism for the dead in the writings of nephi, jacob or alma. moreover, the book of mormon is an abridgement, so even if jesus did teach that doctrine during his visit to the nephites nephi :- , we should not be surprised if it is not mentioned in the book of mormon. wilson cites four passages from the book of mormon which he suggests are inconsistent with the lds teaching of salvation for the dead mosiah -; moroni -; nephi -; alma - . we will briefly examine each of these passages. in these passages king benjamin is concerned with those who have already been taught concerning the truth mosiah and then have turned away, coming out in open rebellion against god mosiah . he is not speaking of those who died without the opportunity to hear the gospel, as wilson implies. in the following chapter, benjamin goes on to say that the blood of christ atones for the sins of those who have died not knowing the will of god concerning them, or who have ignorantly sinned mosiah . the only way for anyone to be saved is through the atonement and there shall be no other name given nor any other way nor means whereby salvation can come unto the children of men mosiah . benjamin also indicates that the time shall come when a knowledge of a savior shall spread throughout every nation, kindred, tongue and people mosiah . since he has just mentioned those who died not knowing the will of god concerning them this passage suggests that the time would eventually come when they too would hear that message. and, behold, when that time cometh, none shall be found blameless before god, except it be little children, only through repentance and faith on the name of the lord god omnipotent mosiah . contrary to wilson, this passage is consistent with the lds teaching. moroni -states that those who died without the law are alive in christ, that is, they are eligible for the mercies of christ extended through the atonement and his gospel. they are under no condemnation until they accept or reject the gospel. until adults could be taught the need to repent and receive the covenant of baptism, that ordinance would make no sense. at some point, however, as king benjamin indicated earlier, those who died in ignorance would be taught and have the opportunity to accept or reject the gospel. wilson argues that alma -is also in conflict with lds teachings about the redemption of the dead : . is this so? hardly. amulek is teaching the zoramites, who are dissenters from among the nephites, who had already been taught concerning christ, but then had apostatized from the truth. amulek is warning the zoramites that if they do not repent in this life, they, having once had the truth and rejected it, will not be saved. the context had nothing to do with salvation for the dead, or baptism for the dead, which is primarily for those who never had the opportunity to hear the gospel and repent in this life. the zoramite situation, as apostates and dissenters is obviously quite different from those who die without a knowledge of the gospel nephi - what about nephi -? after discussing the need for all to be baptized or they cannot be saved nephi - , jacob distinguishes between those who have the law and the commandments nephi and those who do not have the law nephi - . wherefore, he has given a law; and where there is no law given there is no punishment; and where there is no punishment there is no condemnation; and where there is no condemnation the mercies of the holy one of israel have claim upon them, because of the atonement; for they are delivered by the power of him. for the atonement satisfieth the demands of justice upon all those who have not the law given to them, that they are delivered from that awful monster, death and hell, and the devil, and the lake of fire and brimstone, which is endless torment; and they are restored to that god who gave them breath, which is the holy one of israel nephi - . in other words, the atonement of christ provides the means whereby those who sin in ignorance may be delivered from death and hell and the power of the devil and restored to god s presence. since jacob has just explained that this deliverance comes about only in and through christ s atonement and our response to that act: namely, faith in jesus christ, repentance from sin and baptism nephi - , it is obvious that those who have died in ignorance of these universal commandments will through the mercies of the holy one of israel nephi be allowed the opportunity, at some future time to both hear and accept the principles of salvation. but woe unto him that has the law given, yea, that has all the commandments of god, like unto us, and that transgresseth them, and that wasteth the days of his probation, for awful is his state as we have just noted, jacob testified that those who died in ignorance are restored to that god who gave them life. how was the restoration to be accomplished? the prophet abinadi taught that after christ was put to death he saw his seed mosiah , meaning he visited the righteous spirits of the prophets and those who had believed their words since the world began mosiah - . after his death christ would proclaim the joyful news of their redemption from the bands of death. continuing the work begun in mortality, these faithful spirits continued to publish the gospel or good tidings mosiah - . many who had died in ignorance had apparently accepted their message in the spirit world mosiah , - . thus when christ appeared in the spirit world following his death mosiah -, , there were many already prepared to receive him. these faithful spirits of the prophets and saints continue to publish these good tidings now and hereafter mosiah - . thus, abinadi explains, it is through the preaching of the departed prophets and saints that the good tidings are declared to those who were denied that opportunity in this life. this is how god redeems many of those, that have died in ignorance, not having salvation declared unto them. and thus through the preaching of the departed righteous the lord bringeth about the restoration of these; and they have part in the first resurrection, or have eternal life, being redeemed by the lord mosiah . having demonstrated, contrary to wilson, that the scriptural passages in the bible and the book of mormon are consistent with the doctrine of salvation for the dead, we will now examine the following questions raised by wilson s critique: when and where did christ go to preach? to whom did he preach? what did christ proclaim there? does peter :really relate to peter . when and where did christ go to preach? wilson argues that the lds understanding is wrong because, christ s preaching in peter did not take place between his death and resurrection, but after his resurrection, evidently as part of his ascension. this according to wilson, rules out the view that it is a reference to jesus descending to the abode of deceased human beings during the time his body lay in the tomb : .few biblical scholars follow this radical interpretation of this passage: most scholars conclude that this passage does intend to describe a descensus ad inferos descent into hell , and that therefore the preaching must have taken place in the land of the dead, the underworld. no other interpretation than that of the work of the discarnate spirit of christ in hades seems natural and self-evident here. indeed, all other interpretations merely evade this evident meaning . it can hardly be doubted that s. peter is referring to the descent.this preaching took place in the interval between christ s death and resurrection.the simplest meaning of peter is that our lord descended between his passion and resurrection, to preach to the spirits imprisoned in hades. wilson further argues that peter, actually says nothing about a descent. it simply says that christ went and preached to the spirits. since this is the same word poreutheis used in speaking of christ s ascension in verse , wilson assumes that verse must refer to the ascension as well. but this does not necessarily follow, since christ could have done both: gone to preach to the spirits in hades and then, following his resurrection, ascended into heaven. moreoever, hanson has shown how paul s words in romans :are apparently based upon a palestinian targum rediscovered in . hanson concludes, contrary to wilson, the doctrine of a descensus is found in nt writings both earlier than and contemporary with peter. in fact he finds evidence for this doctrine in several other new testament passages.while this argues against wilson s interpretation, it lends support to the lds understanding of this passage: that between his death and resurrection, christ went and preached to certain spirits in the world of disembodied spirits. to whom did christ preach? while the majority of writers understand peter -to refer to christ s descent to hades between his death and resurrection, there has been a diversity of opinion as to just who these spirits are. this is true of both early christianity and modern new testament scholars. perhaps the most popular view was that which affirmed that christ preached to the patriarchs and the righteous of old testament times. according to ignatius, the disciples of jesus and the prophets themselves in the spirit did wait for him as their teacher. and therefore he whom they rightly waited for, being come, raised them from the dead. irenaeus affirmed that the lord descended into hades in order to preach to the righteous men and the prophets and the patriarchs, to whom he remitted sins in the same way as he did to us. hyppolytus taught that when christ was slain he preached the gospel to the souls of the saints. other early christian writers were more vague as to the recipients of christ s gospel message. according to origen, we assert that not only while jesus was in the body did he win over not a few persons merely but also, that when he became a soul, without the covering of the body, he dwelt among those souls which were without bodily covering, converting such of them as were willing to himself. in another place he specifically cited peter in favor of this view.in the odes of solomon, a collection of christian hymns written at about the beginning of the second century, the speaker, christ, movingly describes his descent into hades where he liberated spirits held captive there and organized them into a congregation of believers. i made a congregation of living among his dead; and i spoke with them by living lips; in order that my word may not fail. and those who had died ran toward me; and they cried out and said, son of god, have pity on us. and deal with us according to your kindness, and bring us out from the chains of darkness. and open for us the door by which we may go forth to you, for we perceive that our death does not approach you. may we also be saved with you because you are our savior. then i heard their voice and placed their faith in my heart. and i placed my name upon their head, because they are free and they are mine. other early christian writers suggested that while christ descended into hades in the interval between his death and resurrection, the apostles may have participated with jesus in preaching the gospel to the dead. according to the sherpherd of hermas, these apostles and teachers who preached the name of the son of god, after falling asleep in the power and faith of the son of god, preached it not only to those who were asleep, but themselves also gave them the seal of the preaching i.e. baptism . by these then, they were quickened and made to know the name of the son of god. according to clement of alexandria, while the lord preached the gospel in hades, he believed, that as here, so also there, the best of the disciples should be imitators of the master; so that he should bring to repentance, those belonging to the hebrews, and they the gentiles. clement believed that the apostles of the master taught the just among the gentiles, that is, those who had lived in righteousness according to the law and philosophy, who had ended life not perfectly, but sinfully. for it was suitable to the divine administration, that those possessed of greater worth in righteousness, and whose life had been pre-eminent, on repenting of their transgressions, thought found in another place, yet being confessedly of the number of the people of god almighty should be saved, each according to his individual knowledge. since god is no respecter of persons, clement reasoned, the apostles also, as here, so there, preached the gospel to those of the heathen who were ready for conversion . though they are in hades and in ward, on hearing the voice of the lord, whether that of his own person or that acting through his apostles, with all speed, turned and believed. a third, more idiosyncratic view, advanced by the heretic marcion was that christ preached, not to the patriarchs, but to the most wicked of the pre-christian age that cain, and those like him, and the sodomites, and the egyptians, and others like them, and, in fine, all the nations who walked in all sorts of abomination, were saved by the lord, on his descending into hades, and on their running unto him but that abel, and enoch, and noah, and those other righteous men who sprang from the patriarch abraham, with all the prophets, and those who were pleasing to god, did not partake in salvation . that their souls remained in hades. among modern biblical scholars i have been able to identify at least three main lines of thought. the first group interprets the spirits as referring to the fallen angels peter : . this is the position taken by wilson p. . other scholars, however, have argued that the spirits referred to are not the fallen angels, but the spirits of men from the generation of the flood. cranfield, for example, asserts, the most probable interpretation is surely that which identifies the spirits in prison with the souls of men who perished in the flood. a third group argues that the spirits include both men and angels. we have therefore three choices here: the spirits in prison are either fallen angels or the generation before the flood or those who lived before the coming of christ generally. hanson favors a combination of all three of these possibilities. whatever the case may be, they would all be spirits now dead. it is probably safest to conclude, as hanson does, that in peter -, christ is represented as having visited the place or the sphere, in which the fallen angels and the generations of men before his coming to earth were found i.e. hades . wilson argues that the allusion to the people at the time of the flood is problematic under the lds point of view: if christ s proclamation here was an offer of the gospel, a natural question is: why would noah s contemporaries be singled out for an opportunity to repent in the spirit world? arguably, they were less deserving of a second chance than others, since they had the godly example of the preaching of noah, which they ignored or rejected. indeed, since on lds terms they did not die in ignorance of the gospel . why would they even be eligible for a second chance in the spirit world? : . latter-day saint scripture teaches that noah preached for 120 years before the flood came moses . it is not unreasonable to believe that some may have died during that time before they had the opportunity to hear noah preach. in fact, the book of moses indicates that certain groups of people were specifically excluded from the preaching during this age moses : . the preaching in the spirit world would give these individuals an opportunity to accept the gospel for the first time, not a second chance as wilson suggests. moreover, the doctrine and covenants suggests another possibility: among those described as inheriting a terrestrial glory are some, who died without law; and also they who are the spirits of men kept in prison, whom the son visited, and preached the gospel unto them that they might be judged according to men in the flesh. who received not the testimony of jesus in the flesh, but afterwards received it d c - . those who reject the gospel while in mortality will be damned and will be denied eternal life, however, if these individuals accept the gospel in the spirit world, they will still be able to inherit a terrestrial glory following the resurrection d c 138:- . thus the spirits in peter could include, from the lds point of view some of those from the time of noah who died in ignorance, some of those from the time of noah who rejected his testimony in mortality, but who later repented and accepted the gospel in the spirit world. it is also possible that some of those from noah s day were so hardened and wicked that they rejected the gospel message even in the spirit world. as sherman e. johnson puts it, the implication of the passage in peter is clear. it deals with the comprehensive work of christ in saving all who will respond to the proclaimed word . wherever christ goes he brings both judgement and salvation. what did christ proclaim? wilson argues that christ s proclamation in peter was not an offer of salvation through the gospel at all, but rather, a proclamation of victory over the demonic spirits : .his argument for this is based mainly on the fact that the term kurusso meaning to announce, make known or proclaim is used in peter , rather than euangelizomai bring, announce good news . wilson admits that kurusso is also used at different times in the new testament to refer to the preaching of the gospel, but argues that if the writer had really meant that christ preached the gospel he would have used the other term. cranfield, responding to this very line of argument states, but it is much more likely that kurusso has here its normal new testament sense of preaching the gospel. according to hunter, this view can only be carried through if we wrest the meaning of the greek words in the most unnatural way. the simplest meaning is that our lord descended between his passion and resurrection, to preach to certain spirits in hades . christ went down in the spirit, says peter, into hades, between his death and resurrection, in order to offer salvation to sinners who had died without hearing the gospel and getting a chance to repent. according to hanson: the great majority of editors believe that christ preached the message of salvation to the spirits in prison; this view is held by friedrich, macculloch, reicke, bieder, windisch-preiser, schweitzer, cranfield, schelkle, best, and brooks . only dalton and kelly maintain that what christ proclaimed to the spirits in prison was a message of damnation. both are influenced by inter-testamental literature in which a figure such as enoch is sent to proclaim doom to the rebellious angels in captivity. but we must allow for the fact that we are dealing with a christian text. the redeeming mission of christ is all important here; this must surely have been the context of christ s message to the spirits in prison, according to our author. in other words, christ, preached the salvation which god had achieved through him . the author of peter is concerned to emphasize the universal scope of god s salvation. or as another scholar notes, when jesus preaches in hades, it is as the herald of the gospel. is peter :related to peter ? wilson argues that latter-day saints erroneously connect peter -with peter :. he argues that while the former describes christ s proclamation of doom to the fallen angels, the latter refers to the gospel having been preached to christians now dead :- . contrary to wilson, many scholars do connect the two passages in describing christ s descent and his preaching to the spirits of the dead in hades. macculloch, for instance, argues for the unity of the two passages, but interprets peter :as referring to a general preaching to the dead in hades as opposed to the preaching to noah s generation in peter -, both performed by christ during the three day interval.others, however, view these two passages as referring to the same event: by far the most likely explanation is that in peter : there is a reference back to and that the dead of :are to be identified with the spirits of .for our purposes here, it is only necessary to point out that many scholars do connect the two passages as do the latter-day saints, as referring to christ s preaching in the spirit world. does corinthians refer to proxy baptism? wilson believes that paul disassociates himself from those at corinth who were practicing baptism for the dead, since he uses the term they instead of i or we. if one were to follow wilson s reasoning here, a latter-day saint could turn his argument on its head. paul alludes to the testimony of those who witnessed christ s resurrection. he speaks of the testimony of cephas, james, the twelve apostles, and others including himself who witnessed the reality of the resurrection cor. :- . although paul considers himself the very least of the apostles : he has laboured more abundantly than they all . therefore whether it were i or they so we preach, and so ye believed . note here, that if we were to follow wilson s argument, then we would have to conclude that both they and we refer to the apostles and others who like paul witnessed the reality of the resurrection. if there is no resurrection from the dead, not only is the faith of the corinthians vain : , but we paul and the apostles are found false witnesses of god because we have testified of god that he raised up christ . likewise, when paul speaks of they in verse , he refers directly to the apostles, affirming that his testimony is consistent with theirs - . he further speaks of they who have already fallen asleep or died faithfully in their witness of the resurrection and testimony of christ . again, if we were to follow wilson s own argument that the use of the term they is the key to interpreting corinthians , then we would have to see in it, not a reference to heretical christians as wilson argues, but to the apostles and other faithful witnesses of the resurrection: else what shall they do which are baptized for the dead if the dead rise not at all? why are they then baptized for the dead . as i said, a latter-day saint could have a little fun with this kind of argument. as tempting as that might be, however, that is not the real reason why wilson s argument is faulty. as john tvedtnes has pointed out, the greek original of corinthians does not use the pronoun they. it says, otherwise, what will do the ones being baptized for the dead? the text uses a passive participle form, the being baptized ones , as a substantive where it is usually accompanied by the definite article . participles reflect gender, number, and case, but not person. hence, there is no third person plural they in the greek original . being devoid of reference to person, the passage does not restrict the practice to false teachers as wilson contends. in fact, most commentators admit that paul does not pass judgement on the practice of baptism for the dead, one way or the other, although he did use it in support of his testimony of the resurrection of the dead. below i have given a sampling from many of the commentaries on corinthians . the text seems to speak plainly enough about a practice within the church of vicarious baptism for the dead. this is the view of most contemporary exegetes. the normal reading of the text is that some corinthians are being baptized, apparently vicariously, in behalf of some people who have already died. it would be fair to add that this reading is such a plain understanding of the greek text that no one would ever have imagined the various alteratives were it not for the difficulties involved. again, the apostle alludes to a practice of the corinthian community as evidence for a christian faith in the resurrection of the dead. it seems that in corinth some christians would undergo baptism in the name of their deceased non-christian relatives and friends, hoping that this vicarious baptism might assure them a share in the redemption of christ. paul alludes in passing to a local practice of baptism for the dead, according to which certain corinthians would seem to have undergone baptism on behalf of their departed relatives. paul is not passing judgement on the practice, but simply appealing to it as additional support for his argument about the resurrection of believers. it appears that under the pressure of concern for the eternal destiny of dead relatives or friends some people in the church were undergoing baptism on their behalf in the belief that this would enable the dead relatives to receive the benefits of christ s salvation . he attaches neither praise nor blame to the custom. he does take it as an illustration of faith in the future destiny of the dead. baptized on behalf of the dead is possibly proxy-baptism on behalf of friends who had died unbaptized. of the many interpretations offered the most plausible is perhaps that which views the practice as an irregular type of baptism, possibly by proxy so moffatt for those who died unbaptized. the most common opinion among critical scholars is that paul was referring to the practice of vicarious baptism on behalf of dead persons. possibly there was a custom in corinth which allowed vicarious baptism live people being baptized on behalf of dead people. perhaps some members of the congregation underwent further baptism on behalf of friends or relatives who had received instruction in the christian faith but had died before they had themselves been baptized. the wording is in favor of the normal exposition in terms of vicarious baptism : in corinth living people have themselves vicariously baptized for dead people. paul does not criticize the custom, but makes use of it for his argument. there is something approaching a consensus among commentators that, according to the obvious meaning of the words, it is a reference to vicarious baptism, people who have themselves baptized on behalf of the dead. in summary, wilson s arguments against the lds understanding of the doctrine of redemption for the dead is unpersuasive on a number of grounds. it has been shown that, contrary to wilson this teaching is consistent with both the bible and the book of mormon, and that some early christians as well as modern biblical scholars interpreted and interpret biblical teachings such as those found in peter ; :and corinthians in ways similar to that of latter-day saints. the latter-day saint understanding of peter and :and corinthians is a plausible interpretation which finds substantial support in the writings of early christianity and even some modern biblical scholars who often express uncertainty as to how they can reconcile such interpretations with their own theology, while latter-day saints can find interesting parallels to their own. luke p. wilson, does the bible teach salvation for the dead heart and mind: the newsletter of gospel truths ministries january-march : -; wilson, did jesus establish baptism for the dead? heart and mind january-march : -. for another response to these articles see john a. tvedtnes, the dead shall hear the voice farms review of books : 184-. stephen t. davis, risen indeed: making sense of the resurrection grand rapids: eerdmans, . davis, 151. davis, 162. davis, 163. davis, 164. see for example, merrill f. unger, unger s bible dictionary chicago: moody press, , 437-; d.s. russell, the method and message of jewish apocalyptic 200 a.d.-a.d. 100 philadelphia: westminster press, , 353-; richard bauckham, hades, hell, in david noel freedman, ed., anchor bible dictionary vols new york: doubleday, , -; alan e. bernstein, the formation of hell: death and retribution in the ancient and early christian worlds london and ithica: cornell university press, , 154-. this is the view of william joseph dalton, christ s proclamation to the spirits: a study of peter -: rome: pontifical biblical institute, . anthony tyrrell hanson, the new testament interpretation of scripture london: spck, , 130. see also hanson, salvation proclaimed: i peter -, expository times january : 102. macculloch, the harrowing of hell: a comparative study of an early christian doctrine edinburgh: t t clark, , . c.e.b. cranfield, the interpretation of i peter iii.and iv., expository times september : 370. see also 371. archibald m. hunter, the first epistle of peter, in the interpreter s bible commentary vols new york and nashville: abingdon press, , :132-. see also donald senior, peter wilmington, delaware: michael glazier, , . hanson, salvation proclaimed, 102. for a detailed discussion of matthew -; acts ; romans :-; ephesians :-; , -; peter and :as they relate to the christian doctrine of christ s descensus into hades see hanson, new testament interpretation of scripture, 122-. hanson, new testament interpretation of scripture, 122-. ignatius, epistle to the magnesians , in roberts and donaldson, . irenaeus, against heresies, , in roberts and donaldson, :499. hyppolytus, treatise on christ and anti-christ in roberts and donaldson, :209. origen, against celsus , in roberts and donaldson, :448. origen, commentary on john , in roberts and donaldson :367-. odes of solomon , in charlesworth, :771. sherpherd of hermas, similitude , in roberts and donaldson, . clement of alexandria, stromata :, in roberts and donaldson, :490-. irenaeus, against heresies, , in roberts and donaldson, :352. cranfield, the interpretation of i peter iii.and iv., 370. hanson, salvation proclaimed, 102. sherman e. johnson, the preaching to the dead, journal of biblical literature : . this is the argument raised by edward gordon selwyn, the first epistle of st. peter london: . cranfield, the interpretation of i peter iii.and iv., 371. hunter, the first epistle of peter, 132-. hanson, the new testament interpretation of scripture, 131-. hanson, salvation proclaimed, 102. senior, peter, . macculloch, the harrowing of hell, -. cranfield, the interpretation of i peter iii.and iv., 371; see also alfred firmin loisy, the birth of the christian religion new hyde park: new york: university books, , 270; hunter, the first epistle of peter, 133; johnson, the preaching to the dead, -. tvedtnes, 196. krister stendahl, baptism for the dead: ancient sources, in ludlow, encyclopedia of mormonism . gordon fee, the first epistle to the corinthians grand rapids: eerdmans, , 763-. raymond e. brown, joseph a. fitzmyer, ronald murphy, eds., the jerome biblical commentary englewood cliffs, new jersey: prentice-hall, , :273. the interpreter s dictionary of the bible :350. william orr, james arthur walthur, eds., corinthians garden city, new york: doubleday, , 337. d. guthrie and j.a. motyer, et al., the eerdman s bible commentary third edition grand rapids: eerdmans, , . f.f. bruce, ed., the international bible commentary grand rapids: marshall pickering zondervan, , . john coolidge hurd jr., the origin of corinthians macon, ga: mercer university press, , 136. r. paul caudill, first corinthians: a translation with notes nashville, tn.: broadman press, , 211. margaret e. thrall, the first and second letters of paul to the corinthians cambridge: cambridge university press, , 109-910. hanz conzelmann, corinthians: a commentary on the first epistle to the corinthians philadelphia: fortress press, , 275. james downey, cor and the theology of baptism, euntes docete : .
__label__non_math	0.9994	lakeville - blue earth area earned a final four spot at the metrodome, and it was just what the doctor ordered. buc defensive coordinator travis "doc" armstrong's class aaa-leading defense slammed the brakes on a pair of fourth-quarter st. croix lutheran drives deep in blue earth area territory to dethrone the state champion crusaders during saturday night's state football quarterfinals in lakeville. linebacker fullback carter hanson recovered two fourth-quarter fumbles and delivered the minnesota associated press' no. -ranked bucs' game-sealing touchdown to power a -triumph over the no. crusaders at panther stadium. sidestepping blue earth area kick returner gus phillips sidesteps st. croix lutheran defender ian sargent , who gets blocked by the bucs jacob pettit, during the two teams class aaa state quarterfinal football game on saturday night at panther stadium in lakeville. photo by leanna becker blue earth area - advances to face no. -ranked perham - at p.m. saturday, nov. , in the class aaa state semifinals at the metrodome in minneapolis. the yellowjackets reached the dome via a -quarterfinal victory over esko. st. croix lutheran ended its season with a -overall record. "a number of people said throughout the season that our defense was good, but we didn't know exactly how good it was until tonight," said armstrong, whose -scheme topped all class aaa teams by allowing only .points per game. "i think our defense's goal-line stand at the start of the fourth quarter was a defining moment for us." clinging to a -lead on the heels of running back david franta's -yard td trot and felix harseim's pat kick, the buc defense delivered the first of four consecutive pivotal stops to earn a trip to minneapolis. st. croix lutheran running back jackson goplen, who missed half of the season due to a high ankle sprain, broke tackles for of his team-best rushing yards to reach blue earth area's to end the third quarter. the hard-driving goplen took a handoff over the right side, spun and nearly reached the goal line to set up a first-and-goal inside the . "we knew they were going to pound it at us, so our defense had to step up in that situation. our linemen did a nice job of shedding their blockers to allow our linebackers to get into the backfield," hanson said in reference to teammates greg claeys, micah twedt, brad more, steven plocker and gus phillips. claeys and hanson combined to actually drop crusader running back trever koester back to the -yard line on second down before claeys put the clamps on goplen on a run up the middle on third down. hanson, claeys and the rest of the bucs' defense swarmed under goplen on an option toss around left end to take over on downs with remaining in regulation. "that was a great defensive stand," said blue earth area head coach randy kuechenmeister. after linebacker caleb olson and the crusader defense forced a three-and-out buc series, dan mackenthun returned the ensuing punt yards to blue earth area's . facing fourth-and-after three incompletions, st. croix lutheran quarterback lincoln hochmuth lofted a pass along the crusaders' sideline, only to watch -foot-safety isaac darrington utilized his outstanding vertical leap to intercept the toss at the bucs' . koester and the crusader defense, however, held again, forcing a punt with remaining in the fourth quarter. the football-hawking hanson then scooped up an errant st. croix lutheran pitch at the crusaders' only seconds later to set up the game-clinching drive. phillips, who topped all rushers with yards, including a -yard td on a sweep run with left in the second quarter, picked up yards on two carries after hanson's initial -yard gain. hanson then took the next handoff around left end, cut outside and scored on a -yard run. harseim's key pat kick gave the bucs a -lead with left in the game. "i saw an opening, took the edge and got into the end zone," said hanson. "i'm usually the guy who blocks on runs, so it was nice to get one td ." hanson and blue earth area's defense put an exclamation point on the victory during the next series as linebackers justin ritter and kysten zierke delivered the fumble-causing hit before hanson scooped up the loose football again with time winding down. "i just happened to be in the right place at the right time on both of those fumble recoveries ," said hanson. "we knew as a team that it would take four quarters of disciplined football to win, and we stuck to our assignments and got the job done. "to make it to the dome is something you dream about as a kid, and we made it."
__label__math	0.6189	ranked voting and election integrity ranked voting and election integrity ranked voting methods, in which voters are allowed to rank candidates in the order of choice, such as instant runoff voting irv and choice voting, can strengthen election integrity through the use of redundant electronic and paper records of every vote that can be compared through manual audit procedures. this provides the ability to perform audits all the way down to the ballot level, rather than only precinct-level audits. although this approach can be applied in non-ranked voting elections, it already is being used in some elections using ranked voting, thereby showcasing an approach that we believe should be the norm for all of our elections. we support a modular approach where independent software can be used to review data generated in a verifiably secure, auditable process and then tallied by independent software. we focus on election administration with optical scan ballots, as voter-verified paper ballots are rightly becoming the norm in u.s. elections. this page provides more details about this approach. a separate appendix addresses specific misunderstandings about ranked voting and election integrity. we also include a glossary of terms, as this page gets into some technical detail. how ranked voting can enhance election integrity over current election procedures even without major voting equipment changes, ranked voting methods often can be implemented at a local level in a way that is as secure as any non-ranked method. but what is more desirable is to have adoption of ranked voting actually improve election integrity by allowing ballot-level audits, not just precinct-level sum audits. long-term, transparent and trustworthy elections can be best achieved on a wide scale in tandem with other changes in how we administer elections such as providing jurisdictions with an option to use publicly owned equipment with open source software and by having all counts verified in full with independent software and manual audits. a key design element underlying the election integrity attainable with ranked voting is distinguishing between recording voters' rankings, and tallying them. these two tasks are appropriately handled by distinct voting system modules -- each subject to an appropriate audit and confirmation procedure. the first module should simply create an output file that is in a non-proprietary and easily read format such as a text file, that is an accurate record of how each voter marked his or her ballot. some vendors' systems perform some normalization of ballot data such as closing up skipped rankings or inserting generic codes for overvotes rather than showing exactly which two candidates received the same ranking, and while not ideal, since they can still be subjected to the preferred ballot-level manual audit procedure described below, they do not impair election audit integrity. the audit procedure used by san francisco simply assures that the number of choices for each candidate at each ranking match the machine record. this audit method is useful for detecting machine errors, but is not adequate for detecting extremely sophisticated fraud since whether a 2nd choice for candidate a comes from a ballot that ranked candidates b or c first can matter . in short, simply checking precinct-level vote totals, or totals for each ranking may have some value, but is not a comprehensive auditing procedure for ranked ballots. the preferred audit procedure which can detect both machine error and sophisticated fraud involves selecting a random sample of voting machines and doing a manual comparison of the paper ballots read by that machine with the machine record, to assure that the machines are properly recording the voters' marks. this is more definitive than precinct total audits, in that a group seeking to commit fraud would need to have access to and the ability to alter or substitute both paper ballots and the detailed machine record of each ballot, and assure the two fraudulent records match. a typical vote-for-one election audit may not detect fraud that successfully substitutes a portion of the paper ballots traditional ballot box stuffing . these audited ranked-ballot files should then be made publicly available as done in instant runoff voting elections in san francisco and burlington by posting them on the internet . the second module of the election system performs the algorithm for tallying the election such as eliminating bottom candidates and transferring votes to next choices, etc. the goal here is to assure that this tally can be done by both the vendor's system and by independent software or using an off-the-shelf commercial spreadsheet or database program to confirm the tally. beyond merely auditing the tally, this allows any person who wishes, to completely re-do the tally from scratch, using any software of their choosing, or even by printing out the ballot rankings and sorting them by hand, accomplishing a complete recount. the reliability of any such recount re-tally is, of course, dependent on the manual audit of the actual optical scan ballots, showing that the machine record of ballot rankings is reliable. double-checking the irv tallies using independent software is regularly done for san francisco and burlington elections. while the audit procedures are necessarily different than with vote-for-one elections, there is no conflict between supporting election integrity and the use of ranked-choice voting methods. numerous election integrity activists have come to this same conclusion. in minnesota, where ranked voting was adopted recently the leading election integrity organization issued this statement. "citizens for election integrity mn advocates for transparent, verifiable, and accurate elections. we observed the minneapolis test rcv election in may. based on that experience, it is our belief that a well administered rcv election with carefully designed protocols, well trained poll workers, and educated voters can be conducted in a manner that is transparent, accurate, and verifiable." the founder of the election integrity movement in ireland that blocked the adoption of dre voting equipment in ireland, for example, is also an ardent supporter of ranked voting read her statement here . as she points out, irv elections can be run independently of software as indeed they are in ireland. proposed "best practices" for auditing a ranked-ballot election because ranked voting elections on optical scan equipment involve two independent steps capturing rankings and performing the ranked voting tally it is possible, and in fact preferable, to manually audit the election using the stored rankings rather than precinct-summable vote totals. we will give a brief explanation of how this can be done, and we ll provide a more detailed example in the appendix of this document. let s suppose you are trying to manually audit the ranked voting results from a precinct with ,000 votes cast, and you have a printout of the ,000 electronic records of the rankings from that precinct. you simply pick up the first ballot in your stack, find an electronic record that corresponds to that ballot, and put a check mark next to the ranking. for example, if the machine reports that ballots ranked the candidates in order b, d, a, c, then after examining the paper ballots there should be check marks next to that ranking combination on the audit form. go through all your ballots, and if you ve got a matching check mark next to every ranking and you don t have any extra ballots, you ve verified the storage of the rankings. if there is a discrepancy and you didn t make an error during the audit, the voting equipment failed to store the rankings correctly. more details appear in the appendix, along with an explanation of how to audit the application of the ranked voting tallying method to those records. the machine record of rankings should be made publicly available, ideally through internet posting, both prior to and following the audit, along with instructions for how to conduct a tally using independent software, or manual procedures. the ability of opposing campaigns, the press, and any one else who wishes, to perform their own independent tallies using manually audited ballot records creates confidence in the results. an even higher level of election integrity and transparency can be achieved following the example of the election transparency project of humboldt county ca . as part of their audit procedure they re-scanned all ballots using commercial off-the-shelf scanners, and used form-reading software to detect voter marks on each ballot. this allows for the potential of having any "problem" ballots displayed on a screen for election judges to rule on voter intent as humans can distinguish stray marks, etc. more reliably than computers . the humboldt county election transparency project proved its value in its first use in a traditional vote-for-one election , discovering a flaw in the premier gems software used in conjunction with the county's premier voting machines that resulted in the failure to include 197 ballots in the election results. this same model of pixel scanning of ballots will be typical in the next generation of optical scan voting machines, which will further enhance security and the ease of conducting ranked-ballot elections. in this document and accompanying appendices we have attempted to address concerns about election security and ranked-choice voting. we know the commitment to election integrity of individuals expressing concerns is rock solid, but they have made a key wrong assumption that a manual audit of a ranked voting election requires precinct-summable vote totals for all possible voting combinations that caused them to reach incorrect conclusions about the implications on election integrity of ranked voting elections. we have also attempted to give very concrete examples of how one can audit a ranked voting election by verifying the machine record through a manual audit and verifying the tally based on published electronic records of each ranking. the public instant runoff voting elections held in san francisco ca , burlington vt and aspen co were the most transparent, verifiable public elections ever held up to that point. they were in fact more secure even than elections that are counted purely by hand because they combine paper ballots with redundant electronic records of every single ballot. burlington even made the ranked voting tally code and program available for the public to use, inspect, test and modify. the key to election integrity is the combination of redundant paper and electronic records, along with public observation of all processes, and rigorous post-election manual audits. it is this redundancy that enhances error detection and makes fraud so much more improbable, because the perpetrator would need to have the ability to falsify both the machine and the paper record of each ballot, and assure that they match. all of the san francisco instant runoff voting elections since have set new standards for election integrity for both ranked voting and non-ranked voting elections, by making the voters' marks on each individual ballot public. the country would be well-served if other jurisdictions adopted these standards for transparency and verifiability of elections. appendix a: glossary - ballot-level audits: in some implementations it is possible to identify the individual paper ballot that a particular record in the machine final represents. thus, rather than determining that some ballot out of the 900 ballots in the precinct was recorded incorrectly, the exact ballot can be identified. in other implementations, an intermediate level of audit is possible identifying from which ranking-permutation group of ballots the erroneous record derives. for example, the machine reports a ballot that ranks the candidates in order as b, c, a, but the audit reveals that the original paper ballot ranks them d, c, a - choice voting: a ranked-choice voting method in which multiple seats are elected in a single election, such as a city council, which allows for proportional representation allowing the majority to elect a majority of seats, but also allowing minorities to elect a representative share, rather than a majoritarian outcome, in which the majority wins every seat. - instant runoff voting irv : also called ranked-choice voting or rcv. this is the normally single-seat majoritarian ranked ballot voting method, which simulates a series of runoffs, ultimately reducing the field to two finalists, as in a traditional runoff, so that whichever of these two candidates is ranked higher is elected. - normalization: jurisdictions adopt rules for how a miss-marked ballot should be counted. for example, if a voter ranks a first, third, and fourth choice, but skips the second choice ranking, the rule may say that skipped rankings should be ignored, and that this ballot should be counted as if the candidate next ranked after the first choice were in fact the second choice rather than leaving the second-choice blank . the "normalization" of such a ballot would indicate the way such miss-marked ballots will be counted in the tally according to the rules, with a first, second and third choice. some jurisdictions may require a substitute normalized paper ballot to be prepared by election officials. - overvotes: when a voter marks more than one candidate in a vote-for-one election, or more than one candidate for the same ranking such as two first choices in a ranked-choice election. - precinct-level sum audits: traditional audits simply count the votes in a precinct and compare that sum to the total reported by the machine. for example, it can be determined that the candidate b has seven more votes on the machine total than the on the paper ballots. the totals from different precincts can them be summed. - precinct-summable: voting methods such as plurality in which the vote totals from each precinct can simply be added together to determine the winner are termed "precinct-summable." in ranked voting methods, the order in which candidates are ranked on each individual ballot must be taken into account as well as the total of first choices for each candidate. because the ranked ballot allows the voter to express vastly more information than a vote-for-one ballot, simply summing totals from each precinct may not transmit enough of this information to determine the winner. voting methods that are not precinct-summable require collecting all of this ballot information in one place either physically, or as data so that the tally can be performed. appendix b: addressing specific claims about election integrity some election integrity activists have mistakenly claimed that ranked voting methods are incompatible with election integrity measures. we present seven such claims with our brief responses and then provide more detail and provide sources and concrete examples of how to manually audit ranked voting elections. summary of claims and responses claim : manual audits of ranked voting elections aren t possible because of the large number of possible ranking combinations. fact: san francisco has demonstrated one way how to do this in and every subsequent election, and the number of possible combinations is irrelevant. claim : san francisco did not release the election data required to manually audit the election. fact: san francisco releases in a timely manner all of the data needed to manually audit the election. claim : manual counts of ranked voting elections with more than four candidates are incredibly complex. fact: in places like australia where all elections use ranked voting, people don t think the counting process is incredibly complex ; they think it s the only way to count ballots. in fact, they can t imagine not counting second choices when there is no majority winner. claim : average members of the public aren t capable of verifying a ranked voting election by comparing electronic records of rankings with the original paper ballots. fact: it can be done with pencil and paper nothing harder than making check marks on a list of rankings. a detailed example is included below. claim : san francisco does not have public oversight of post-election manual audits, the reconciliation of printed, voted, spoiled and unused ballots, and ballot security. fact: all aspects of san francisco s election are publicly observable, all the data is public, and the publicly observable official canvas reconciles all voted, unused and spoiled ballots. claim : irv is very destructive to the integrity of us elections. fact: when implemented the way it has been done in san francisco, burlington or pierce county, ranked voting in fact boosts the integrity of our elections. if we applied the same provisions to non-ranked voting elections, we d have much more secure elections. claim : prior to solving the spoiler and two-party domination problems, our first priority should be to ensure the fundamental integrity of election results, regardless of which voting method is used. fact: when properly implemented, ranked voting boosts election integrity and verifiability. detailed analysis of claims about ranked voting and election integrity 1a. claim: an activist in the election integrity area with a math background has mistakenly suggested that there is no procedure that is a valid check on the accuracy of any irv election because irv elections are not precinct summable "unless all of the sum from to n- where n is the number of candidates of the n the facts: because ranked voting elections on optical scan equipment involve two independent steps capturing rankings and performing the ranked voting tally it is possible, and in fact preferable, to manually audit the election using the stored rankings rather than precinct-summable vote totals. we will give a brief explanation of how this can be done, and we ll provide a more detailed example later in this paper. let s suppose you are trying to manually audit the ranked voting results from a precinct with ,000 votes cast, and you have a printout of the ,000 electronic records of the rankings from that precinct these can be sorted and grouped by ranking combination to make finding matching ballots easier . you simply pick up the first ballot in your stack, find an electronic record that corresponds to that ballot, and put a check mark next to the ranking. go through all your ballots, and if you ve got one check mark next to every ranking and you don t have any extra ballots, you ve verified the storage of the rankings. if there is a discrepancy and you didn t make an error during the audit, the voting equipment failed to store the rankings correctly. more details appear below, along with an explanation of how to audit the application of the ranked voting tallying method to those records. note that this method only requires the storage of ,000 records for this precinct, regardless of the number of candidates n , rather than the sum of to n-of n furthermore, there are two other major problems with the formula. first, it greatly overstates the number of voting combinations possible in san francisco or pierce county. that s because these jurisdictions only allow three rankings. since they store codes for undervotes and overvotes, the number of possible combinations is approximately n . for candidates, the formula gives nearly million when the actual number is closer to ,700. for candidates the number of candidates in the san francisco mayoral election , the formula s number is x when the true number is around x 103, a factor of orders of magnitude. second, even if you wanted to store precinct-summable vote totals, the number of possible combinations is irrelevant; what matters is the number of combinations actually used. the number of ranking combinations used is obviously never bigger than the number of votes cast in a precinct. in san francisco in , with candidates, the greatest number of votes cast in a precinct was 461. that s your worst-case scenario, but the greatest number of ranking combinations actually used in a precinct was only 131. the total number of rankings used citywide, in over 500 precincts with 150,000 ballots cast, was ,684, which is a great deal smaller than the ,000 possible combinations. it is certainly possible to manually audit 131 precinct-summable vote totals in a precinct or ,684 citywide, although it s easier to use the method we described above. 1b. one activist has suggested it would be extremely difficult or impossible to manually audit an irv election when there are for each precinct or voting machine a huge number of possible ranking combinations that same formula of the sum from to n-of n the facts: the number of voting combinations is irrelevant to the manual auditing of a ranked voting election, as demonstrated above, and the assertion that the large number of combinations makes a manual audit burdensome is false, as we will show here and below. san francisco manually audited its ranked voting elections in , and in the same amount of time as non-ranked voting tallies. there was no ranked voting tally in because all affected races were settled by absolute majorities in the first round; delays in producing final results in were due to a manual tally of four ballot measures races and had nothing to do with ranked voting later in this paper we describe in detail how one can manually audit a ranked voting election and why manual audits of ranked voting elections that also have electronic records of all rankings are in fact much more thorough than manual audits of non-ranked voting elections. san francisco s post-election audit of ranked voting elections included two parts. first, the city manually tallies raw first, second and third totals as though these were three separate races. then, the city performs a true manual ranked voting tally of the ballots from the randomly-selected precincts. . it has been claimed on the internet that san francisco never publicly reported ranking numbers, and has thus failed to take the first fundamental step required for all auditing in any field, which is to commit the data prior to beginning the audit. the facts: san francisco in fact reports all the key data that allows independent verification of the official counts as well as post-election audits. this data includes: - raw first choice totals reported in all the election reports - the complete set of ranked voting rankings, sortable by precinct - the round-by-round ranked voting tally in the years, unlike , when a ranked voting tally actually occurs , and - statement of vote showing precinct and absentee totals for all candidates in all precincts all of this data is released starting on election night and updated through the counting of absentee and provisional ballots. . one election integrity activist has suggested that it would be incredibly complex to do a hand count of an irv election with more than four candidates in an election administered by more than one jurisdiction the facts: many election reformers and administrators have participated in such counts or observed the manual counts in cambridge, ma pre- , the ranked voting count for president of ireland, local or federal elections in australia, local election in ireland and northern ireland, and so on. indeed, in australia s parliamentary elections, the median number of candidates in their 150 house of representatives elections was more than seven. hand counting ranked voting elections is not incredibly complex. you simply sort ballots by first choice, count the pile, add up the votes for all candidates, determine the candidate to eliminate, redistribute ballots for the eliminated candidate to each voter s next choice, tally the new totals, and repeat the process. because most ballots stay with the voter s first choice in most elections, a ranked voting hand count is only marginally more difficult than a plurality hand count in most cases. if, as commonly happens, the two front-runners receive a combined of the vote, you only have to re-tally of the ballots. in , a team of volunteers counted the ballots in san francisco s first public ranked voting election. this election, for student member of the board of education, took place in october , just a couple weeks before the department of elections implemented ranked voting for the first time in november . nearly ,000 students from all of san francisco s public and private high schools cast ballots. there were candidates running, and it took rounds of ranked voting to determine the winner. counting the ballots took volunteers about hours. in burlington conducted a manual recount of its ranked voting election for mayor due to a legal request of the candidate who finished second. after the hand count was half finished, showing that the rankings on the paper ballots matched the machine record a few votes changed, as in any recount when human eyes can discern voter intent where a scanner could not , the losing candidate withdrew his request, stating that he was convinced the voting machines and the tally were correct. the results of this manual recount are on the city's website. . it has been suggested that average members of the public are not capable of verifying a ranked voting election by comparing electronic records of rankings with paper ballots. the facts: here is how it can be done. let s assume that you have 100 paper ballots from a precinct and the corresponding 100 electronic records. the first records from burlington s ranked voting election for mayor in ward look like this, with the first record showing that in ward , memory card , ballot , ballot style , the first choice was candidate c03, the second choice was candidate c04 and the third choice was candidate c02. here are the codes corresponding to the candidates: .candidate c01, louie the cowman beaudin .candidate c02, kevin j. curley .candidate c03, bob kiss .candidate c04, hinda miller .candidate c05, loyal ploof .candidate c06, write-ins so how does your average american verify this data? as with any election audit, it is only the individuals authorized by law to observe or handle the ballots who can know for sure what is marked on each ballot. this should be a public process with representatives from all candidates and parties included. here s the easiest way to do it. first, print out the rankings. then, pick up the first ballot from your stack, find a ranking in the data that corresponds to the marks on the ballot and put a check mark next to that ranking on your print out. place that ballot face down, pick up the next ballot, and continue the process until you ve checked every ballot against the records. at this point, if every record has a check next to it and there are no remaining ballots, you ve verified the rankings. if not, you need to double-check your work and determine if you made a mistake or if the equipment stored the rankings incorrectly. this is called reconciling the discrepancies and must be done anytime you do a manual audit of an election if there are any discrepancies . now, once you have the complete set of rankings for the entire race, you can literally tally them by hand tick marks on sheets of paper , drop them into a spreadsheet for easy sorting and counting, or use a variety of free-open source software packages to do the tally. detailed steps for doing this in a spreadsheet are posted here. so here are some quick answers to related ranked voting auditing questions: and what exact voting system is required that enables election officials to conveniently publicly post all its ballot records and exactly how may the average citizen verify the integrity of your alleged audit procedure? all three of the biggest vendors es s, diebold premier, and sequoia have developed ranked voting capability on their existing scanners, although they have been resistant to making it a standard feature in all their machines. does your audit procedure require that most u.s. jurisdictions purchase new voting systems? no. as san francisco did and pierce county is doing, they just have to upgrade the firmware and software for ranked voting functionality. does your audit procedure require that the average us citizens acquire new computer skills and equipment and programs that they are currently lacking? no. pencil and paper worked to count and audit ranked voting elections for a hundred years, but spreadsheets are easier and more verifiable. . an election integrity activist has stated that no states use all of the following fundamental measures that are required to ensure election integrity, and therefore ranked voting should not be implemented: - public access to all election records and data necessary to evaluate the integrity of the electoral process, - observable post-election independent manual audits of vote count accuracy, - post-election ballot reconciliation of all printed, counted, unused, and spoiled ballots with voter process records, and - public oversight of ballot security. the facts: this is false and misleading. while many states have not put such procedures in place, san francisco in fact does all four of these things, and the measure on which it is weakest public oversight of ballot security has nothing to do with ranked voting. how does san francisco meet these standards? - it publicly releases all necessary electronic records as described above that, when combined with the paper ballots, allow a full manual tally of the election as well as an independent audit of all election results and audits. - under state law, all election procedures are publicly observable, including the required post-election manual audits, pre-election logic and accuracy test. - the official canvas, which is required by law and is publicly observable, includes the reconciliation of all printed, counted, unused and spoiled ballots and voter records. - all aspects of ballot transport, counting and storage are publicly observable. access to certain areas inside city hall and staging grounds is limited, but some members of the public official election observers, grand jury members are allowed to go everywhere. pierce county, washington s november implementation of ranked voting on a different vendor s equipment sequoia included all of these features, too. . some election integrity activists who are worried that ranked voting incentivizes touchscreen voting and may lead to paperless voting machines. the facts: none of the jurisdictions adopting ranked voting are moving towards touch screen voting, and none of the leading advocates of ranked voting promote touchscreen voting technologies. because ranked voting elections on optical scan equipment can result in an electronic, auditable record of every ballot that can be compared to the paper ballot, ranked voting elections then become more secure and more verifiable than non- ranked voting elections on optical scan machines that lack that electronic, auditable record. the improved security is based on the fact that there is a complete redundant record of every ballot electronic and paper , so that to avoid detection, a group attempting to commit fraud would need to have access and the ability to alter both the machine record, and the paper ballots, and make sure the two match, whereas in a traditional audit, altering the paper ballots alone may be sufficient for committing fraud in a recount. . some have suggested our first priority should be to ensure the fundamental integrity of election results, regardless of whether our current voting methods result in undemocratic results, spoiler candidacies and under-representation of large numbers of americans. the facts: everyone of course should focus on what they think is most urgently needed to protect and expand democracy. someone with this view should continue to work on ensuring fundamental election integrity. but poor analysis and understanding of ranked voting elections is causing some activists to fight ranked voting on a ground election integrity that ranked voting actually improves when properly implemented.
__label__non_math	0.9962	"for the weapons of our warfare are not carnal of the flesh but mighty in god for pulling down strongholds, casting down arguments imaginations and every high thing that exalts itself against the knowledge will of god, bringing every thought into captivity to the obedience of christ." corinthians :, the enemy comes to kill steal and destroy, and one of the first places that he attacks is the mind. he places thoughts in our minds that are against god's will, if we act on those thoughts, then they eventually become strongholds. let's look at it from this analogy, the thought crosses your mind and it is just a thought, but when you decide to act upon that thought, your action causes the thought to become conceived and then you give birth to a stronghold. that is why we must have pure thoughts, thinking on pure things, because when we dwell on things that are not of god, we give birth to them and they place us in bondage. once you act on a thought, it's like a force of gravity pulling you in sinking sand. the strongest weapon of the devil is suggestion, if he can get into your mind and take control, he will. when we are walking in the will of the lord, the enemy will come after us first. if we are out of the lord s will, then the enemy has no challenge, he already has control of us. we must be aware of the enemy s schemes, satan works through people and circumstances, whoever or whatever he can use, he will use. ephesians says that we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities and powers of the dark world. this means that we should not lash out at human opponents that come against us in the natural world because the enemy is working through them to attack us. it s a war between the spirits of good and evil, you may encounter with what seems to be the most rudest person in the world, but what you must realize, is that the evil spirit that is within them, is at war with the holy spirit working within you. that is why it is important to put on the full armor of god so that we can stand against the wiles of the devil, as we are instructed to do in ephesians . we must stay on guard, stay in the word, and be discerning. we must not place ourselves in compromising positions, nor let our minds become idle. we should never get too relaxed in our spirituality, never be content. always yearn to know more and grow more, when we become content, that s when the enemy comes in. we need to walk in the wholeness of christ, keeping ourselves pure, holy, and acceptable to christ. the lord has appointed and anointed us to preach the good news and set the captives free, we need to be usable in all areas of ministry. he can t use us if we are not totally sold out to him, not walking in obedience according to his word. beware of who you entertain, and what you let come into your presence, there are many kinds of spirits in this world. strongholds are addictions, such as alcohol, drugs, sex, food, unhealthy relationships, etc anything that has a hold on your mind, body, and soul and causes you to become distracted from your christian walk. adultery which is a big stronghold, has become so prevalent in these last years, starts off as just a casual fling or simply flirting in the beginning. after it is conceived it blossoms into a full blown affair. it takes control of the lives of not only the two people involved, but also the lives of those who are around them. it may appear that it will be easy to break it off when you get tired of it, but that s a rare case. once the two of you unite not just physically but also mentally , your souls become tied and that soul tie is hard to break. it is a union that is not ordained by god. this is a spirit of lust and like any other addiction it takes control of your mind. the deeper that you let yourself get in, the harder it will be to get out. through the renewing of your mind in the word of god, your whole thought process will have to be restored. strongholds can also happen between family members, by a spirit of manipulation. you would be amazed at the things that can entrap our minds if we are not careful, from people and objects to jewelry and music. your focus must be totally on the lord, if not, you will end up being pulled back into that stronghold again. after you have been delivered, you have to keep your house mind, body, and soul , filled with the holy spirit and the word of god. because those evil spirits are roaming about in dry and desolate areas seeking a dwelling place and if your house is empty they will come right back in. see matthew - watch and pray, lest you enter into temptation. the spirit is willing but the flesh is weak. matthew
__label__non_math	0.9375	having written on this topic before and read much about this, i have one conclusion about it. to say that barry bonds ruined or is ruining baseball is not correct. for the record this stuff has been around since it was created pre-world war ii. the germans took it and made it work for their own use. has this created a media frenzy? you bet. too bad more research was not done. if so you would find out the usage of this product is far reaching. it not only is far reaching but the real verdict on the problem of using steroids is not in yet. many professionals prescribe these substances for their patients. in the us today, we are prescription junkies. people who need a pill for this or that. the doctors are falling in line with many people and actually fomenting the use of many things that would of been considered taboo. to wit, steroids. it is in this that we must come to the conclusion about the use of such stuff. if it is indeed ruining the sport of baseball. how did barry bonds ruin baseball? was it because he was caught? because of his usage, right or wrong, we came to know he took the stuff? do you actually think that he took this stuff of his own accord? that it was nowhere to be found in the locker rooms of the professional athlete? don't you think he knew it was around from others who used it? if you are just waking up to the fact that this stuff is around, its about time. because, this kind of junk, if indeed it is junk, is being used by a whole chorus of professionals. one of my other articles on this brings it out. police officers, firemen, students, kids, and others are using the stuff. it doesn't make it right, just that others do it. it doesn't make it moral or immoral. it is a causative effect of the industry. do we blame barry because we can t keep our own fingers out of the cookie jar of steroids? how can a nation become unglued because a problem came to light? it did not just happen. like a steroid genie popped out of drug heaven and with a heavy load of testosterone, wham..there you have a steroid problem. there is not one person who can seriously look in the mirror and say this nation doesn t have some sort of a drug problem. it is everywhere. do we then, put steroids alongside cocaine and heroine? do we lock up those on this stuff? we already have more people in our jails than most nations on earth. now i am not defending the use of the stuff. what i am saying is we should not blame one person. don t blame one sport. the pressure is on in the board rooms of corporate baseball owners to bring in results. this whole thing is partly our fault. we made heros out of them. we are the ones shelling out mega bucks for overprice beer and hotdogs while we watch overpriced players entertain us. they are pressured into performing. what we see every day of the year are people moving in an industry with plenty of temptation. a player can go from college ball and owing to making millions in one season. how can a team pay that much? only one reason, us. we pay them to do it. we pay them to take steroids. you don t think so. whom do you think fills all those ball parks and cheers for a winner? no one likes a loser. that is why losing teams lose money. winning teams make money. the economics of the sport dictates that the player performs and does it better than the other guy on the field. in the end, whether it is baseball, football, or some other sport, the verdict is the same. when the player is too old, too hurt, too slow, and too used up, they are tossed away. very few can actually leave the game without knees giving away, or hips hurting. maybe a shoulder is out or there is some other physical problem. this kind of thing is just as dangerous as steroids. steroids have many professionals who prescribe them and profess their use. misuse of anything is dangerous. the problem is not only the player, but the public who puts the pressure on. we simply want to be entertained. this entertainment factor is what leads teams to push the envelope. take them or leave them, the policy must be re-examined. we need to give help to the athletes that are using them and stop the whining about the use of steroids. we seem to have that problem, blaming and becoming outraged at something. when nixon said he wasn t a crook, did you think he was the only president who did something illegal? when pete rose bet on baseball, do you think others didn t do it as well? there is always seen in such cases, evidences of ongoing problems. these are usually things that refused to be addressed. they seemed like such a small thing before. but when someone of notoriety does it and gets caught, then it s a tragic thing. think of all the kids taking illegal drugs? where are all the media headlines for that? take for instance the oil shortage problem. case in point, back in the 's it hit us hard. did we do something about it? sure did. said the oil companies couldn t drill in alaska. said the oil companies could build oil refineries without myriads of paperwork and red tape. in the end they went overseas, because doing business with us was too expensive. now today we are up in arms that nothing was done. the same here, steroid use has been a problem for many years. we just awoke to it. like the adage goes " i looked for the enemy and saw the enemy was us". for the believer in jesus christ, however, the answer to a person or societies woes, are the lord himself. this is that private, individual experience you have with the lord of glory in coversion as a result of your repentance. with this true repentance and new life, the issues of society can be seen in a new light. for steroids, or whatever abuse a person has. the answer is within. his name is jesus christ. read more articles by dana smith or search for articles on the same topic or others.
__label__non_math	0.9916	ok, let's play that game. i think if the falcons lose in weeks, mike smith will keep his job. i think arthur blank will be on the warpath. i think you're going to see some changes, but i don't think they include the head coach. maybe that means new coordinators, after all maybe one of the reasons we lose is because our oc and or dc is focused on a new gig. but i think there is going to be the pressure this off-season for the falcons to make a splash. i don't know what that splash will be, but i think when arthur blank has calmed down from his tantrum, td won't be able to convince him like last year that to keep to the path. a player like jake long could be in the cards, especially if the o-line struggles in the playoff loss. maybe freeney, maybe ed reed, i don't know, but some big sexy pickup. i think the dark cloud hangs over smith and this team all off-season. will be an ultimatum season. mike smith got an extension in , meaning he is currently signed through . around the time when the falcons could should be breaking ground on the new stadium. if the falcons don't win in the playoffs in , that means smith will have year left on his contract. he'll be looking to get an extension after the season. no playoff win, and he's done. wins, and he gets a modest extension, but he's on a short leash, and if they get bounced early again in , then he too is bounced. dimitroff will be kept on to hire a new coach, but if that guy doesn't have quick success, then he too might be gone by the time rolls around, with a brand new regime ready to take over in or , the year the new stadium opens. blank needs that hope that comes with a new coach if he has any chance of selling psls to the fan base. basically if the falcons don't win this year, things are going to start to unravel. if they win, none of these issues come forth. if they win in weeks, and then play tough, hard-fought game in the nfc championship, then smitty probably gets an extension this upcoming off-season with probably or years added to his deal. then the confidence level in atlanta is high even with the roster turnover that could happen this off-season. the fans will be optimistic that this team is on the brink, which means blank is more easily able to get them to shell out for psls. he probably sends out letters saying, "hey you can start making payments towards right now now if they win in weeks, and then get blasted in the nfc championship game, you probably don't have the extension nor the high degree of optimism. but you definitely get a falcon team that is taking steps forward, you maintain the status quo and you have a fan base that is cautiously optimistic. it's a middle ground between the two poles. obviously going to and or winning the super bowl is the ideal scenario where everything becomes gumdrops and rainbows. "vincere scis, hannibal, victoria uti nescis" -- maharbal, 216 b.c.e.
__label__non_math	0.9956	- available sizes: , , ., , ., , ., , ., , ., , ., , , - the coronado was designed to combine the elements of a classic skate shoe with a chill-seeking casual slipper. tommy wanted a shoe that suited his laid-back lifestyle yet gave him the durability and support he needed for jumping. - the coronado has a low-profile vulcanized construction with a highly abrasion resistant outsole and die-cut eva insole for comfort. - the upper is made from heavy-duty canvas, fullgrain leather, or hemp. the coronado also features a uniquely designed vamp and toe panel construction that helps the upper keep it s shape and prevent from blowouts. - as a unique, comfortable and functional shoe, the coronado is a team and industry favorite.
__label__non_math	0.9999	medical id theft can be as simple as someone copying your health insurance or social security number or other personal information, assuming your identity at a doctor's office, then billing services and treatment to your policy. in other cases the crooks are medical personnel. doctors can download your info from health-care provider databases and charge you for services they never performed. pharmacists, nurses, or receptionists might use your identity to get prescription drugs for themselves or to sell to others. medical id theft can also involve organized crime rings, which buy stolen information on the black market and then set up fake clinics that make bogus claims so they can pocket the money from your insurance company.
__label__non_math	0.9791	who doesn't need more storage space in their bathroom? these clever tips will help you take advantage of every square inch so you can keep all of your bathroom supplies tidy, well organized, and close at hand. by the diy experts of the family handyman magazine:december january if you keep your toothbrushes in the medicine cabinet stacked on a shelf, they probably fall out when you open the door. if you cut notches in the cabinet shelves, you'll solve this annoying nuisance. use a rotary tool along with a woodcutting bit and sanding keep your razor from falling into the tub with this simple holder. cut a -in. length of -in. pvc pipe pipe. strap the pipe to your wire shower caddy with two plastic tie straps hooked in the notches. drop the razor into the pipe; the blade will catch on the edges of the pipe, keeping the razor off the floor. most toothbrush holders aren't big enough for electric toothbrushes. they end up falling out of the holder or taking up too much room on the vanity. here's a clever storage idea: make a holder for them using large grip-type clips. mount the clips on your medicine chest or on a piece of wood that you can hang on the wall. the clips work great to keep your toothbrushes secure use the kind of large grip-type clips you normally use for brooms or garden tools, available at hardware stores and home centers for . tired of the clutter of shampoo and conditioner bottles along the rim of your tub? this tempered safety glass shelf on a cable shelf bracket is an easy solution. the cable shelf bracket requires only two screws for support. if studs aren t located in the right positions, use toggle bolts to anchor the shelf brackets. the glass hangs on the cables. the cable shelf brackets no. csb5b are available online from expodesigninc.com and cost per pair. order a tempered glass shelf from a local glass company. the -in.-thick, -in.-deep shelf shown here cost . hate the messy look of curling irons lying on the vanity or the toilet tank? here s a tip for you. use hook-and-loop tape to attach -in. lengths of -in.- diameter pvc pipe to the vanity door to hold the curling irons. do the same thing with -in. pieces of - -in.-diameter pipe to hold the cords. just measure your curling irons to see how long your holsters need to be. let your curling irons cool before you stow them away. do your toothbrushes end up lying on a wet, messy vanity? here s a mount neodymium rare earth magnets on a corian mounting strip with super glue. glue the strip to the wall with super glue or silicone note: neodymium magnets are incredibly strong but break if handled roughly. order several more than you need shipping is expensive. also, don t handle neodymium magnets if you wear a pacemaker, and never leave them next to your computer. for more safety information, see the neo mag safety link at kjmagnetics.com. to make the mounting strip, cut a corian threshold at tile stores with a miter saw or jigsaw. mark the the magnets and glue them on the magnets so they attract each other. neodymium magnets are available from kjmagnetics.com 888-746- and other internet suppliers. shown here are -in. x -in. x -in. magnets, grade n42 .each . you can double them up if you need more holding power. to the wall with super glue, hot-melt battery-powered toothbrushes have hidden steel parts that stick to magnets. mount standard toothbrushes by adding a tiny screw or metal washer to the back. when the floor of your sink cabinet needs a spruce-up, lay down squares of self-adhesive vinyl tile. they're about a buck a square at home centers and provide an easy-to-wipe clean surface. have the necessary tools for this diy project lined up before you start you ll save time and frustration. avoid last-minute shopping trips by having all your materials ready ahead of time. here's a list.
__label__non_math	0.9999	gov. nathan deal and secretary of state brian kemp announced today that the state will restore to kemp s budget to keep the georgia state archives open to georgians for the remainder of the budget year. however the extra funding only provides for georgia state archives to be open to the public through june of next year. on july , the georgia archives will be transferred to university system of georgia, pending approval of the move by the general assembly. this transfer will include appropriations required for operation and assets of the georgia archives. additional staff will be provided by usg at that time. deal and kemp intend to find efficiencies by consolidating the archives under the university system of georgia, just as the state has sought to do with the library system. it is a move forward but still there is a need to stay engaged because it was 125,000? we all need to stay alert and engaged in what is happening there. for more details be sure to follow georgia archives matters blog.
__label__non_math	0.9996	winter pillow ' x ' by family leisure winterize your pool with the best in winter pool supplies ' x ' winter air pillow helps to absorb the pressure of freezing water in an above ground swimming pool during winter. when tied securely in the middle of the pool surface, it also allows excess water on top of the cover to be diverted around the perimeter for easy removal. simply inflate the pillow, tie rope to each eyelit, secure to the middle of the pool and put on the winter cover. adding -" of water to the top of the cover will help to hold the pillow in place and hold down the cover. - absorbs pressure of freezing water - heavy duty industrial strength vinyl - rugged eyelits - ' x ' design for round pools for online orders over , shipping is still free, although the standard .handling fee will be applied to the order. most pool chemicals and other pool supplies ship via ups fed ex. most delivery times within the continental u.s range from -days depending on location. all pool supply orders received before noon will ship that same day. shipping details conditions. when it comes to pools and swimming pool supplies, family leisure is your summer fun headquarters guaranteed lowest prices
__label__non_math	1.0000	nationwide shipping handling - online orders note - if you live within 125 miles of a family leisure location, contact them directly for local delivery, assembly and professional installation options. fedex ups - small parcel shipping free - products shipping via fedex or ups will be shipped the same day if the order is placed on a business day by noon. all orders not shipped the same day will be shipped the next business day. most delivery times in the continental u.s. range between -days depending on location. you will receive an email confirmation with a tracking number when the order has been shipped. all freight deliveries - home will need to be accessible to a full size semi-truck - most delivery times within the continental u.s. range from -business days - you will be contacted by a representative to schedule a delivery date - tracking 's will be provided when product has been shipped - a signature will be required upon receipt threshold home delivery free - this shipping option includes delivery to the first accessible area garage, carport, front step, back patio, etc. . delivery equipment includes a lift gate equipped truck, pallet jack, and hand truck. because of the lift gate restrictions on straight trucks, the weight of each pallet cannot exceed ,500 pounds. this option does not include uncrating, unpacking, de-skidding, placement, debris removal, or set-up services. see "white glove delivery" white glove home delivery - this is our premier level shipping option. it includes delivery, unpacking, full assembly, final placement, and debris removal to an off-site receptacle. a two person team will professionally assemble all products and a signature will be required upon completion and your satisfaction. would require additional charges. you will be contacted prior to shipment if such a case were to occur. swing sets, swimming pools, hot tubs, saunas, trampolines, basketball goals, and outdoor room product. these products are not eligible for the standard white glove delivery service. in order to purchase perma salt chemicals online, please provide your email address and zip code and a virtual checkout terminal will automatically be sent to your email. the email will contain a link with your pricing and you will be able to checkout online. thank you. if you have any questions about this ordering process, feel free to call us at 877 775-.
__label__non_math	0.9999	quilting cotton fabric find a fantastic array of excellent quality cotton fabric for quilting including kona solids from robert kaufman, and gorgeous designer quilt fabric from kaffe fassett of rowan westminster, amy butler, anna maria horner, and many others. we sell our quilting fabrics by the fat quarter for smaller sewing projects, or in great value incremental metric lengths. so whether you're stash building or you have a particular quilting project in mind, you'll find a fantastic range of quilting cotton fabric to tempt and delight there are no products matching the selection.
__label__non_math	0.9988	re: is op worth reading? the first -episodes is about luffy gather his crew together to start on their voyage to get to the grand line. every character introduced has a lengthy backstory and story arc as a way to get to know the character on an emotional level to see why they are pirates and what they are striving for. saying that one piece doesn't have character development is an understatement. as far as story goes the main theme is of course to find one piece and for the characters to reach their desired goals and its told in a that shows their growth as a crew and individually. personally i find one piece to be better than naruto and bleach mostly because the plot isn't screwed over like naruto and bleach. i would read and watch the anime if i where you. "inherited will, the destiny of the age, and the dreams of its people. these are things that will not be stopped. as long as people continue to pursue the meaning of freedom, these things will never cease to be -gol d. roger
__label__non_math	0.9156	the forces are being marshaled for the war that's about to get underway.what they say: the tsuchikage and his team manage to safeguard the jinchuriki, but at the cost of losing yamato to the enemy.the review:content: please note that content portions of a review may contain spoilers after a good bit of action in the previous episode that focused on the exterior of the island that was under attack and had the tsuchikage come to help out, things are starting to turn a bit for naruto inside. he's managed to put together his animal army specialty group and they've been tossed around a few times as they don't quite understand what's going on outside, or that there really is an outside in a way. naruto for his part has reached his limits with this mission though which is a nice bit of a change of pace to how this arc and filler has gone overall. seeing him getting frustrated with what he sees as busy work at this point is welcome since it gets him being at least a little aggressive about getting back to the village and waiting for sasuke to appear. the results of that initial fight are definitely a mixed bag when you get down to it, but the biggest loss to them was that yamato was captured. with him being in on at least some of the plans and workings of the shinobi alliance, having him in the hands of the enemy is not a good thing and some of the shinobi forces are panicking over it. but the elders are at least smart enough to not panic and look at it calmly so they can figure out how to adjust to it. in their minds, they at least made the right save in keeping both of the jinchuriki that they have in their possession since that was what the enemy was after. when the enemy isn't scheming among themselves for position and power in some admittedly small and subtle ways as we see here with kabuto. watching as the allied forces get themselves into gear is a very slow build up but it works quite well, such as the introduction of the new headbands that they wear to signify that they're of one unit at this phase. with so many different villages at work, it's definitely useful to try and take out some of the potential tensions this way. there's a lot of talk of strategy as it progresses at the lower level with the rank and file setting up their missions and plans. but the show takes a surreal turn later on when we see the entirety of the forces together and it gets to be a big cheering moment as thousands of shinobi are laid out in front of us in very big way that paints the scale of the forces. it's understandable what they're doing and the overall rallying of the troops, but it's also rather unsettling in its own way as the "militarization" of the various villages in this way shows just how far they're prepared to go to do what must be done.in summary: with naruto: shippuden taking a "break" of sorts for the next month as it celebrates its anniversary run with a look back at various parts of the show, this episode serves as the proper cliffhanger to what's to come after we get back on track with the manga. and it certainly does it well here by setting up a lot of material when it comes to both the enemy and the allied shinobi forces. kabuto and the group he's with are manipulating things in a dark and evil way, making you wince for yamato quite a few times, but you also find moments at the shinobi side where you want to cringe a little as well, understandable as their positions may be. it's all building towards what should be a significant series of battles and actions that can change a lot of things. there's more than enough to like here, though i would have preferred a little more time with naruto, and it's definitely plenty to keep me satisfied until things get back on track again after this upcoming look back.grade:
__label__non_math	0.9995	it was so good... i love it love, love, love it i remember reading this like, a year ago but i didn't save it d; but now it is finally found awesome story and you have the characters just perfect wow, that initial super saiyan transformation was really sweet and cute, but then of course, vegeta has to ruin it by being an ass. sigh. good read, i'm looking forward to reading more of your work. poor yamcha. i really liked this one line though, "he had no interest in the foolish courtship rituals they engaged in but he disliked the drain on bulma's attention and time that yamcha represented." the voice is just amazing and addicting. gosh, the imagery is amazing and the background is spot-on. i think this is the story i've been looking for p. it's very interesting to hear your theories on bulma's logic and emotions in response to vegeta's presence. i wanna write like you when i grow up. t-t i loved it. and i love the relationship between the two. well and i like seeing yamcha jealous. hes so not worth of bulma. this is a great story but in canon, vegeta is actually an inch taller than bulma, minus the hair. this is absolutely fantastic though i wish there was more great story. i love b v fanfictions :
__label__non_math	1.0000	this is great are you planning to write more? if so i will be happy to read it : nice beginning :- ... are you planning on continuing this as a multi-chapter story? i'd love to find out more about evan and his motives ... is he coming back for the "survivors" at the clinic? maybe for lily? i love your pairings, by the way :- although, i had a thing for ryan as a character keep writing ... i want to learn more about your story love love love love love love it
__label__non_math	0.9997	author: lil scream queen pm october swink. just a little something i had floating around in my head.just after phin dies, october feels the need to tell swink something, believing she's next.rated: fiction t - english - drama romance - october swink - words: ,255 - reviews: - published: - status: complete - id: i don't own anything but the idea . so please don't sue me .. hutch and abigail were already gone, on their way to the house of the creator of the game. that left swink and me alone. he put an arm around me, and we started the short walk back to my apartment to pick up some stuff i need to do research. we were going to do the actually research at hutch's. everyone thought it'd be best if i didn't stay at the place that was ours, and is now mine. he whispers to me the whole time, about how everything was going to be okay, and that we'd get the woman who did this to phin. he said that he'd make sure she got what's coming for her, and i believe him. swink has never lied to me before, and i don't think he'll start now. i've always had i a thing for swink. i don't know what it is about him, but from the first moment i laid eyes on him, i wanted to do him. usually i'd go right out and tell a guy that but swink's different from most guys. instead of just sleeping with him, i'd actually like to have a relationship with him. he's the only guy i've ever felt this way towards. not to say that i haven't had relationships, but i never actually liked the person i was with. i usually love them for a night, and then by morning, i'm finished with them. i'm not a whore, i'm very selective, but i'm not into a serious relationship, because i want someone who's one of my best friends. yet here we are now, and our deaths are probably nearer then we believe them to be. maybe now is the time to tell him, just to let him know. or it could be the worst time. it's a toss up. what if we live, and he doesn't feel the same? it'd be awkward. i open the door to my apartment, and grab a few books and a bag to put them in. then swink whisks me away to hutch's apartment. i start making phone call for phin, and get everything set up for him, while swink starts printing out pages on elizabeth bathory for us to go through. after about thirty minutes, most of phin's stuff is set up, and i'm sitting next to swink on hutch's couch. "i have to tell you something." i finally work up the courage to say. "what is it?" he asks, concerned. "i've been wanting to tell you this for awhile now. well actually, ever since i met you. i have feelings for you swink. i know now isn't the best time to tell you, considering i'm probably going to die, but i need you to know before i do." i start to cry, and get up off the couch, and lock myself into the bathroom. "october i keep sobbing, and now for more reasons then just losing phin, and the possibility of losing someone else. i cry because of what could have been with me and swink. we could've been happy for three years. i cry because phin isn't around to kick his ass for loving me. i cry because hutch might not be around soon. i cry because we might not make it through this, and get the chance to be happy. but can i ever be happy without phin? it seems wrong to even consider the idea. i'm completely embarrassed that i just had a complete breakdown. phin would be making fun of me. it was ridiculous. i can almost hear him laughing at me now. he always laughs whenever i cry. it makes me angry, and then i forget why i'm sad. he won't be able to do it anymore though. "swink, will you do me a favor?" "anything for you." "could you pretend that i'm the only girl you've seen? that we've been together for a long time, and that we're happy and tonight is our special night? it doesn't have to go beyond tonight. maybe it's just a lust thing. maybe if you get me out of your system now, then you won't miss me when i'm gone." "why do you keep talking about what i'm going to do when your dead? i'm not going to let you die on me. i wouldn't before. i definitely won't let you now." "my bother is dead. it's wrong that i'm here and he's not. he's supposed to live forever. i was supposed to go first. not him. not my phin. he was everything to me. i can't go on without him. i'm going to get the bitch that killed him, or i'm going to die trying." "am i not enough for you? i just told you that i love you ." i open the door and launch myself into his arms, and his him. i suck on his lower lip, eliciting a groan from him. "i wanted you to know how i felt before i went after her. i couldn't stand the thought of dying before telling you." he's silent for a moment, then kisses me. his lips feel amazing against my own, and i wish i could stay like this forever. but i know that i can't, so i pull away. "swink, let me be yours tonight. please, at least for tonight. that way if ." he cuts me off, his voice is huskier then i've ever heard it before, full of lust, and maybe even love. but i've never heard a voice full of love in the way i love him, so i don't know for sure. "don't you dare say 'if i die'. i don't want to hear it from you october. i already told you i'm not letting her take you from me." he puts his lips gently back against mine, and i relish in the contact. it takes away the pain, if only for a little while. swink's phone rings, forcing us apart so he can answer it. he doesn't let me leave the area though. instead he pulls me out of the bathroom the whole way, and closes the door behind me, then traps me with his arm. "yeah, look we're at your place . yes i'm taking good care of her yes i hutch, we have a problem, the cop, king, he's dead " i slide out underneath if his arm, and go to the window. "we gotta go swink. the cops are here then we shimmy down the drainpipe, after promising to meet hutch at loomis' house. we walk down the street, unnoticed among the other couple in the city, holding hands and whispering to each other.
__label__non_math	0.9979	author: joshuawu3 pm chris fights for the good of ane and the chance of reuniting with his lost family. he fights blood and sweat for every planet against his dead foe, the seminar aliens. or are they really his enemy, for they have some secret similarities that may just bring chris' life crashing downrated: fiction k - english - sci-fi suspense - chapters: - words: ,713 - updated: - published: - id: as he reached for the light switch, chris heard someone say, "stop right where you are, or you will die." years of training kicked in as he turned to the sound and leaped. as he was a special agent who was used to people being surprised by his speed and agility, so he was surprised when he landed on the floor with the speaker not there. he quickly removed his night vision goggles from his belt and put them on. several things raced through his mind. this guy apparently is special. normal people don't move or react that fast. his eyes narrowed as a thought jumped on him. unless it wasn't a person all of a sudden, he dropped to the ground as several objects swished above him. his earplugs immediately recognized the sound and registered the objects in a heartbeat. "items recognized as sorak'amm darts." whispered the ear plugs, "known for their accuracy and portability, the larekekk are known to use them." larekekk. shoot. this is getting worse by the minute. larekekks are the equivalent to human scouts. their job in the seminar army was to venture into enemy territory and get a handhold. they would be the scouting party, responsible for sowing confusion into the enemy lines. then the main force would come in and defeat the enemy. in this case, they would be used as assassins, killing as many soldiers as possible in an effort to reduce the amount of resistance. while he was listening to his earplugs, chris was also trying to locate his assailant through the direction of the darts. instinct took over as he located the origin and took out his knife. it had a titanium backbone and its edge was serrated. made specifically on earth, it was a nasty weapon and companion. it had accompanied chris throughout countless wars and dangers. it had saved his lives some many times that he stopped keeping track. now, it was the perfect weapon yet again. he got into a crouch position and leaped. he twisted to the left, narrowly missing another dart. he landed on the floor rolled to the new origin of the dart. chris then pictured a larekekk in his mind and thrust his knife into where its weak spot would be. he was immediately rewarded with a incomprehensible scream. chris then twisted the knife and tackled the larekekk. the larekekk struggled for a few seconds but then fell limp as his life force vanished. chris sighed while disentangling himself from the larekekk. he immediately stopped the sigh and resumed a serious face as he remembered one of the lectures that the instructors had said before, "never let emotions escape your iron grip. keep your emotions under control at all times. in the battlefield, training will save you, emotions won't." once again, years of training saved him as he instinctively threw himself to the right. a explosion blossomed where he was just a second ago. "item recognized as sorak'amm sbombs. assassins specially use these as they contain a lot of punch and their explosions are muffled to a dull thump. the larekekk are particularly fond of this weapon." his ear plugs whispered. countless lectures provided him with vital information. the larekekk only use these weapons in trios. because of their size, a trio would be the most formidable group with the sbombs. one holds the launcher while the other reloads it. the last larekekk would be in charge of covering the whole group. chris analyzed the situation and came up with a solution. how am i so stupid? how could i miss the third person? he made a tactical retreat and slipped away silently. as he headed toward the barracks, he could just make out other dull thumps resonating throughout the space station. i wonder how they slipped through the defenses. after all, this is the command post for the west fleet. unless they managed to infiltrate the space station by teleporting a small group of larekekks into the station. he let his brain chew on that thought for a while as he continued down the corridor. wow, all this is happening and i haven't even graduated yet, i'm just a trainee training in a "training compound." live combat isn't even due yet, what on earth? he rounded a corner and recognized two larekekk creeping down the hallway toward the barracks. the door guard posted by the door was gently snoozing. guess i should deal with whatever's happening right now first. as the saying goes, first things first. chris gathered up his legs and leaped to the right of the larekekk. as he expected, the larekekks turned around and released a spray of darts as they heard the slight commotion. there was nothing but air to meet the hail of darts. however, chris knew that the surprise wasn't going to last. already, the larekekk on the left was turning to meet him. he feinted an uppercut and the larekekk responded by lifting his gun to block. for a split second, it revealed its one weak chink in its armor, the armpit. chris immediately reversed the swing into an undercut, stabbing right at the exposed flesh. he then grasped the larekekk and swung it onto himself as a body shield. the other larekekk hesitated to shoot at his wounded comrade. chris seized the hesitation and darted forward with surprising speed and agility. he twisted the gun out of the larekekk's grasp and stabbed into the armpit. chris held the larekekk tight until it finally fell limp as its life force sifted away. chris let the prone larekekk fall to the floor as he turned to the barracks. he saw the now alert door guard tightly gripping his gun. the door guard's eyes shown with fear as he raised the gun slightly at chris. chris recognized this as the east -barracks. he scavenged his brain for the correct password. all special agents were taught all the different passwords for the different barracks. they were etched in each agent's brain for they could prove handy in the event of an emergency. however, this information could wreck the whole fleet if in the wrong hands. therefore, all special agents were meticulously chosen and invited to try out. they would each have to pass a series of tests after one week of basic training. the tests would test the physical, mental, and psychological status of the soldier. then, a group of ten men the shadows , would analyze the data and single out the individual soldiers who would then qualify to enter the two year, special agent training camp. he approached the nervous door guard and said calmly, "the password is hunter." the door guard relaxed and questioned casually, "what's your business?" "apparently there is a war going on and no one knows it." "that explains those two guys over there," the door guard said as he gestured to the two prone forms of the larekekks. "stay right here. i'll go rouse the commander." the door guard promptly opened the door, slipped in, and shut the door. chris peeked down the dimly lit corridors. no sign of enemy presence. seems like this isn't the main force. otherwise, this place would be overrun with aliens. the door swung open, revealing a man in his 's. ruffled black hair hid underneath his hat. smile wrinkles lined his eyes and mouth. he was about '", with two muscular looking arms. overall, he looked like he an -year-old olympian. "so, you wanted to see me? the leader of the ac company, where we provide the air conditioning." the captain asked with a sarcastic smile, "i've heard that there's some commotion happening in the station." his eyes widened in surprise as he saw the two larekekk sprawled on the floor. "yes sir. i've discovered enemy forces on the station. this is only the scouting party. the main army will be following once the larekekk manage to disable the defenses. my guess is their objective would be to take out the command center, that's where they can control anything." said chris while keeping his gaze fixed on the captain, "so, if you and your company would accompany me, choose two platoons to go and rouse the others while we make it to the command center, that would be helpful." the captain fingered his chin as he thought about it. eventually, he reached a conclusion and said, "very well. we'll go and be heroes with you. soldiers the soldiers in the barracks, all awakened from the commotion outside the door involving the two larekekks, scrambled out of their bunks as they hurried to get ready. they put on their battle fatigues, gathered their equipment, and grabbed their guns off the rack. in two minutes, orderly rows of soldiers were standing in front of the captain, ready to go. "now that's what i call professionalism," said the captain proudly as the sergeants checked that everyone was present in their platoons. chris only rolled his eyes and nodded as if he was listening. these captains. always bragging when they have the chance. even if there is a war going on, the see someone else and they'll tell their company's story sugarcoated. "captain, time is ticking out. every second we spend here means that the enemy is closing in on the command center. the whole fleet will fall if the west flank crumbles. therefore, you should get on with the business now." chris emphasized the last word in order to get to the captain. the captain immediately retained a serious face, which just made him look older. his wrinkles creased into frowns, as he understood that this was a special agent he was looking at, not any ordinary person. "yes sir. right away." "good, then get on with it." "all present sir "all present sir "split up and rouse companies a-d. raise the alarm. say that you are acting on my orders." the two platoons quickly organized their members into pairs and the sergeants set about distributing destinations. the two platoons then quickly filed out the door and into the corridor. "everyone move out. we're heading for the command center at full speed. along the way there will be uglies so be prepared." the captain said and was immediately rewarded with a series of laughs, "if you waltz into some of them, show them your dancing skills. everyone else will forge on. when you finish your lovely showing off, catch up asap. understand?" in all of this, chris stood by one side looking vaguely disinterested. always like this. these soldiers, good grief "yea chris deftly caught the gun and inspected it. it was a black barret, a 16mm, semi-automatic, suppressed, medium range rifle. it was the standard issue weapon for marines. in this case, the rifle was equipped with a 200m scope, capable of night vision viewing and thermal imagery. a silencer was attached at the mouth of the gun, muffling the resonating shots to a muffled thump. capable of spitting out slugs in a minute, it was a fierce and handy weapon. moreover, it was loaded with armor-piercing bullets. apparently they got a friend in the armory or this company is special. if they are special, i'm not really surprised. that would name the fact that they're the "a" company. it was like an ant compared to the weapons he normally used, but it would have to do in this case. he reloaded the gun, hearing a satisfied chink as a bullet slid into place. "thanks. now lets go the captain smiled and pulled out a pistol. "follow him boys. everybody chris ran through the maze of corridors, hearing the occasional yell of a soldier and the muffled shots of gunfire. there's definitely some skirmishes happening. i hope those two platoons got to the other companies in time. we'll lose if we're the only resistance. conscious of the fact that company ac was following him, chris continued jogging toward the command center. then in front of him, a larekekk stepped into view as it rounded a corner. however, this wasn't a normal larekekk, it was an ar'larekekk, a heavily armored larekekk. it had heavy armor, consisting of thick black plates made from strong fibers. they wore full body armor including a helmet. their weapons also packed a stronger punch than the standard issue larekekk ones. overall, they were a big obstacle when you ran into one of them. moreover, they normally travelled in packs of five. therefore, as chris saw the larekekk, he decided to act immediately. he raised the gun, took a quick aim and squeezed off five shots. chris knew before he fired that even the armor-piercing bullets would not penetrate the tough ar'larekekk armor, so he aimed for the neck. the ar'larekekk took on a surprised expression, then fell limp as five armor-piercing bullets pierced the weaker neck covering. they penetrated the flexible neck covering and lodged themselves comfortably into its neck. the ar'larekekk fell prone to the floor and chris exhaled in relief that his aim was true. and that was when everything went wrong. a group of four ar'larekekk stepped into view as they rounded the corner with their guns raised. one of the ar'larekekk hefted a sbomb and readied to fire when he saw the lone human. to make matters worse, four more larekekks rounded the corner right behind the ar'larekekks. chris had only seconds to act. he leapt to the right while desperately shooting randomly at the enemy. his shots were wild and they only bounced off the armor of the ar'larekekks. then the ar'larekekks opened fire and the sbomb propelled itself toward him. chris awoke to the sound of his earplugs constant mutter. he opened his eyes and saw blurry spots going in and out of focus. he could hear vague sounds of gunfire and muffled explosions. the ar'larekekks must be engaged with the soldiers. i must be in the middle of the firefight. he began to move but a burning sensation on his side stopped him. chris slowly moved his hand to his side, conscious of the fact that he was in faking death. his hands encountered wetness and then he felt a metal rod. it must be the dart. i must have been shot. chris had been taught in the practices of first aid, in fact, every special agent was required to be proficient at it. so, he first slowly removed the metal dart. the pain was excruciating, but he was trained not to make a sound. the dart was a full inch long. he set gently to the side and then silently ripped a piece of fabric. chris then tied it around the wound tightly as to staunch the bleeding. he looked around, looking for his gun, then he spotted it. it was lying around inches away. chris knew that if he were to survive, he would have to move fast, very fast. he readied himself physically and mentally, and sprung into action. he first propelled himself towards his gun, sliding along the floor. then he grabbed the gun, spun around, jammed the ammunition in, and sprayed the ar'larekekks with lead. all of this accomplished under seconds time. the ar'larekekks were caught completely by surprise. ar'larekekks went down under the barrage of bullets along with larekekks. the rest adjusted their aim for chris, but he wasn't there. before he even acted, he knew what would happen all along. chris knew that even though the gun was equipped with a suppressor, the gun at full automatic would still provide enough recoil to send a person flying, unless he was standing firm. in fact, that was what chris was counting on. he had spotted the captain and his men, firing from behind a makeshift mound of dead soldiers. chris then inferred that a black barret with a full clip on auto would provide enough propulsion to propel him to the captain. chris slid all the way to the mound of dead soldiers and stopped there. he then leaped over the mound, into the company of two other soldiers. "hey look, its that dude. the dude that took out the two larekekks." said one of them. chris recognized him as the door guard that he had bumped into before. yea. i'm that guy. instead, chris chose to be silent, reloading his gun and peeking out at the enemy. "hey, mister. i'm talking to you. where were you when we lost everyone? hu-" chris tackled the two men sending them flying backwards just as the mound they were at exploded sending pieces of blood and meat flying everywhere. the gunfire intensified as the ar'larekekks took the opening and charged. "rrraaaarrrrlllll normally you would pull the pin from the grenade. then you would throw the grenade sending it flying through the air. after ten seconds from you pulling the pin, the grenade would then explode. however, this would be inconvenient if you had to have the grenade explode in a short amount of time. therefore, the special agents developed a technique to make the grenade explode after one second. actually, one special agent discovered by accident and nearly killed himself in the process. the technique involved pulling the head off of the body of the grenade and then throwing it. this would destabilize the explosives inside the body, resulting in an explosion after one second. but, if you did not throw the grenade fast enough, it would blow up in your face. that is why although the special agents are taught the technique; they are highly discouraged to use it unless it was an absolute emergency. in this case, chris was gifted with the talent of speed. the grenade sailed through the air and blew up in the leading ar'larekekks face. the resulting explosion was muffled, but the physical effects were clearly seen. scattered pieces of armor and alien meat were scorched and spilled all about. "that was gross," one of the soldiers he tackled said in disgust as he peeled a piece of alien meat off of his body. "talk about it. but that was a fancy move you did there. how did you do it?" asked the other soldier. "screw that soldier. we got a priority mission. now let's get a move on "nice to see you, sir." said the captain with an emphasis on the last word. chris showed no sign of recognition or reaction, he merely said: "how many casualties did you take?" "total count approximates it at nine dead and thirteen wounded. four are fatally wounded so we can't move them. only one still has the fighting spirit in him." chris sighed, so early in the passage and their casualty rates were already soaring. "i hate to say this but we are gonna have to leave all the wounded soldiers behind. let two soldiers stay guard and the rest will continue." "what "bringing the wounded men with us will just slow down our pace. they will also be a big obstacle when we get into a firefight. i am merely putting the safety of humanity before our soldiers," chris replied calmly, but he could feel his anger boiling. "you as a captain. you should realize your priorities. what was that oath you took when you joined the navy? i will put the safety of mankind before my friends, my family, my blood, and my comrades. are you honoring your oath right now? their faces were inches apart from each other. the captain was pure angry. his wrinkles were pulled down, clearly pronouncing his anger. the captain looked into chris' eyes and was pulled in. something in those eyes made him stop. they were cold, a murderer's eyes. he felt like he was looking into a black hole, an endless pit straight to the fiery pits of hell. he knew chris could kill him in ten different ways right there and then, and he could do it if he wanted to. slowly his anger drained away, and a feeling of fear replaced it. "v-very well sir. i'll g-get to it r-right away." the captain stuttered and immediately set to work on choosing the two guards. he gave them an order, mumbling to the soldiers quietly. the soldiers widened their eyes, as they understood, then slowly, reluctantly, moved away from the main group, heading towards the wounded men. the captain came back, looking tired, depressed and dejected. he turned around, looking one last time at the wounded soldiers he was leaving behind. then he turned and resumed jogging in the direction they were heading. chris hated doing this. he felt deeply guilty and sorry toward the captain. however, war is war. compassion and emotions will lead to eventual failure. and in war, failure means death. chris, as a special agent, was taught to put a tight restraint on his emotions. even if his family was being insulted, or something outrageous was happening, chris wouldn't even flinch. instead, he would proceed according to the mission objective. the captain however, wasn't taught as he was, so his emotions would run deeper. but in order to survive in war, a captain must be ready to condemn his soldiers to certain death if it meant the success of a mission. chris loaded his weapon and jogged after the captain. after a while, they reached the command center. the two hallways that connected to the command center were pitch black and empty. the double doors were shut as protocol required it to be. there was no evidence of commotion of any kind. in theory, the whole thing was perfect. except for one thing, the guard was missing. the captain stopped and pantomimed some orders. five soldiers crept to the doors silently. two soldiers split to both of the doors. they placed a small metal box, which stuck to the door. then they retreated back to the main group. a soldier was listening intently to his headphones. they were connected to the two metal boxes by a thin wire. he then passed the headphones to the captain who put it on. the captain frowned then handed it to chris. chris put it on. at first he heard nothing, just static. then he heard it. a tiny shuffle. a small movement. a tiny clink of armor. chris handed the headphones back to the captain and nodded solemnly. the captain acknowledged the nod and then said something to the soldier next to him. the soldier picked up the black box that was hooked up to the two boxes on the door. he pressed a button and the door exploded. the door disappeared in a fiery tornado that ended just as fast as it appeared. the command center opened up to the waiting soldiers and they ran in. the command center was littered with desks that had papers and computers scattered on them. it was about the size of a classroom meant for people. there were three screens at the front of the room that showed the various movements of the fleet. when the first soldiers charged in, the first thing they noticed was that there was no movement at all. the normal flurry of movements was nonexistent. then they noticed all the blood stains and how the desks seemed to have been placed as a barricade to defend itself against intruders coming in from the door. that's when the larekekks hiding behind the desks opened fire. a hailstorm of darts met the charging soldiers, peppering them with darts. they spun and danced in the storm as their life seeped away. the next soldiers met the same fate. eventually, a pile of dead bodies made a makeshift barrier for the soldiers to hide behind. it was bad. the ground by the doors was littered with bodies, splashed with bright red blood. bullets and darts flew around the room, embedding themselves into anything. the situation was worsening by the minute for the captain. in their exposed position, they were taking more and more casualties as the enemy merely sniped them off. chris, with the soldiers at the front, was similarly frustrated. he peeked to the side of the mound he was hiding behind and took a shot at another larekekk doing the same thing. its head exploded in a pink mist as chris ducked back under cover. although chris' uncanny marksmanship did the humans a big favor, it wasn't enough. then chris came up with an idea. he hurried over to the captain and explained it to him. "captain, order five of your men to follow me at all costs. when i give the signal, have half of your men fire, or throw grenades to the left and cause as much distraction as possible. after two seconds, have the other half concentrate their fire on the desks on the right for five seconds. we'll charge the right and hopefully flank them. when that happens, do whatever you can to sweep them out." the captain nodded, growing more enthusiastic as the plan began taking shape in his mind. "what's the signal?" "you'll know it when you see it." the captain immediately set about, issuing orders and distributing extra ammunition. chris went about preparing the signal. he took out a secret weapon that every special agent had. it was a small round cylinder, about an inch in radius. it looked small and insignificant but it was a powerful weapon. also known as an emp electromagnetic pulse , this was a smaller version of it, specifically modified by the armorers. this particular one would release a emp that would shut down all weapons used in the seminar, or most of them at least. however, it would only last for fifteen seconds and only affect weapons in a five feet radius. moreover, all larekekks have an energy blade, which is not affected and is just as formidable. therefore, the success of the plan counted a lot on pure luck. chris hurried back to the captain who said, "ready." "good. when the enemy stops firing, tell your soldiers to giv'em h-." "roger that." the captain said with a wicked smile on his face. chris hurried back to his original position where five soldiers were waiting for him. "ready boys?" "heck'yea chris took out the metal cylinder, pressed a button, and lobbed it over the larekekks heads. there was a second where the gunfire did not lessen and chris began to worry that it all failed. then, the darts stopped and chris yelled, "go everything went as planned. the left flank opened up as half the soldiers stood up and began firing at the enemy. one of the soldiers lobbed a grenade, followed by a splintering explosion. he saw a larekekk stand up, wave an energy blade, and go down under a hail of bullets. nevertheless, the larekekks were also fighting back. he saw a soldier fall as a spinning energy blade sliced through his body. all of a sudden, everyone else on the right stood up and fired upon three desks on the right. hundreds of armor piercing bullets splintered the three desks leaving an opening in the barricade. "c'mon soldiers, let's go a larekekk popped out at him but he raised his pistol and shot it in the face. another larekekk charged him, its energy blade hacking a downward arc toward him. he parried it with his own blade and shot the larekekk in the belly. two more larekekk charged him side by side, both stabbing at him. chris threw down his pistol, gripped his energy blade with two hands, and attacked. he forced his energy blade downwards so that the two larekekks blades slid to the side. then, chris changed his grip and slashed at the first larekekk. it slid through its light armor, severing an artery. the other larekekk recovered from the initial block and began a swing but never ended it. chris had already pulled out his knife and stabbed the larekekk in the neck. he pulled it out but it wasn't over yet. after charging through the enemy, chris was now located in the majority of the larekekks. he was completely surrounded. then everyone charged. chris threw his knife backwards, impaling itself in a larekekks face. he turned and slashed at three larekekks and stabbed at another. pulling out his knife, he ducked, narrowly missing an energy blade, then kicked with all his might at the attacker. the larekekk flew backwards, knocking over several of his comrades. chris sidestepped as a larekekk slashed at him. then he pounded the larekekks arm, shattering the bones, and took its energy blade. turning around to face the next attacker, he stabbed the wounded larekekk behind him. chris ducked and swept his next attackers feet and stabbed downwards, ending its life. chris left the blade there, standing straight in the larekekk. chris stood up, gripping his knife loosely. blood dripped from the knife down onto the blood stained bodies. he stood in a circle of dead larekekks, all in a variety of gruesome postures. his shirt was stained with blood, ripped and shredded in multiple places. this was what a special agent was meant to be. a killer. there was a ring of larekekks surrounding him, aiming directly at him. chris breathed calmly. if i started it, then i have to finish it. he swiftly picked up an energy blade and hurled it at a larekekk. then he jumped for the two nearest larekekks. the other larekekks fired and chris heard darts flying behind him. chris tackled the two larekekks and used them as a body shield. multiple darts struck the two larekekks on top of chris. he then pushed them away and sprinted towards the rapidly closing gap. a dart hit him in the shoulder but he kept running. all seemed lost, and then the soldiers came. the captain was at the front, leading the soldiers and shooting at the larekekks. soldiers charged and fell as darts struck home. for a moment, the larekekks were distracted and confused. confusion spread throughout their ranks as the soldiers burst into their formation. chris seized the chance and rolled toward the nearest larekekk. he stabbed, dodged, fired, and stabbed again. his mind went on autopilot, rolling through the enemy, hacking down anyone that got into his path. he was a killer robot, killing larekekks with mechanical precision and skill. the larekekks were being reduced in numbers and the captain's soldiers seemed to be winning. then, there was a commotion at the two doors. chris looked and saw two soldiers fall as larekekks poured in the double doors. he saw the captain turn and see the larekekks. the captain pointed at them and shouted at some of his soldiers. they immediately turned around to face the new threat, but the larekekks outnumbered them five to one. one after another, the soldiers began to fall to this new threat. a larekekk charged him and chris stabbed it in the throat. however, the movement caused his shoulder to release another spurt of blood. in his already weakened state, chris could stand no longer. he fell to the floor and began losing consciousness. he could see the captain standing above him, firing at any larekekk that came near. then he went down under a hail of darts. three other soldiers came to his aid and fought off the other larekekks. chris blacked out.
__label__non_math	0.9976	author has written stories for re-animator, batman begins dark knight, from hell, red eye, pirates of the caribbean, dracula, hardy boys nancy drew, corpse bride, a clockwork orange, gone with the wind, silent hill, and twilight zone. fear is a tool, horror is a delicacy, terror is a dream. "...i decided long ago that one must paint terror as well as beauty from life..." --from h.p. lovecraft's "pickman's model" this is my creed and if i succeed in it, i have achieved what i desire. i am a writer of weird tales, and these are some of them. may you have unpleasant dreams. several sonnets from lovecraft's fungi from yuggoth sonnet cycle:iv. recognition the day had come again, when as a child i saw - just once - that hollow of old oaks, grey with a ground-mist that enfolds and chokes the slinking shapes which madness has defiled. it was the same - an herbage rank and wild clings round an altar whose carved sign invokes that nameless one to whom a thousand smokes rose, aeons gone, from unclean towers up-piled. i saw the body spread on that dank stone,viii. the port and knew those things which feasted were not men; i knew this strange, grey world was not my own, but yuggoth, past the starry voids - and then the body shrieked at me with a dead cry, and all too late i knew that it was i ten miles from arkham i had struck the trail that rides the cliff-edge over boynton beach, and hoped that just at sunset i could reach the crest that looks on innsmouth in the vale. far out at sea was a retreating sail, white as hard years of ancient winds could bleach, but evil with some portent beyond speech, so that i did not wave my hand or hail. sails out of lnnsmouth of long-dead times. but now a too-swift night is closing in, and i have reached the height whence i so often scan the distant town. the spires and roofs are there - but look sinks on dark lanes, as lightless as the tomb the winter sunset, flaming beyond spires and chimneys half-detached from this dull sphere, opens great gates to some forgotten year of elder splendours and divine desires. expectant wonders burn in those rich fires, adventure-fraught, and not untinged with fear; a row of sphinxes where the way leads clear toward walls and turrets quivering to far lyres. it is the land where beauty's meaning flowers;xiv. star-winds where every unplaced memory has a source; where the great river time begins its course down the vast void in starlit streams of hours. dreams bring us close - but ancient lore repeats that human tread has never soiled these streets. it is a certain hour of twilight glooms, mostly in autumn, when the star-wind pours down hilltop streets, deserted out-of-doors, but shewing early lamplight from snug rooms. the dead leaves rush in strange, fantastic twists, and chimney-smoke whirls round with alien grace, heeding geometries of outer space, while fomalhaut peers in through southward mists. this is the hour when moonstruck poets knowxvi. the window what fungi sprout in yuggoth, and what scents and tints of flowers fill nithon's continents, such as in no poor earthly garden blow. yet for each dream these winds to us convey, a dozen more of ours they sweep away the house was old, with tangled wings outthrown, of which no one could ever half keep track, and in a small room somewhat near the back was an odd window sealed with ancient stone. there, in a dream-plagued childhood, quite alone i used to go, where night reigned vague and black; parting the cobwebs with a curious lack of fear, and with a wonder each time grown. one later day i brought the masons therexvii. a memory to find what view my dim forbears had shunned, but as they pierced the stone, a rush of air burst from the alien voids that yawned beyond. they fled - but i peered through and found unrolled all the wild worlds of which my dreams had told. there were great steppes, and rocky table-lands stretching half-limitless in starlit night, with alien campfires shedding feeble light on beasts with tinkling bells, in shaggy bands. far to the south the plain sloped low and wide to a dark zigzag line of wall that lay like a huge python of some primal day which endless time had chilled and petrified. i shivered oddly in the cold, thin air,xxiii. mirage and wondered where i was and how i came, when a cloaked form against a campfire's glare rose and approached, and called me by my name. staring at that dead face beneath the hood, i ceased to hope - because i understood. i do not know if ever it existed - that lost world floating dimly on time's stream - and yet i see it often, violet-misted, and shimmering at the back of some vague dream. there were strange towers and curious lapping rivers, labyrinths of wonder, and low vaults of light, and bough-crossed skies of flame, like that which quivers wistfully just before a winter's night. great moors led off to sedgy shores unpeopled,xxv. st. toad's where vast birds wheeled, while on a windswept hill there was a village, ancient and white-steepled, with evening chimes for which i listen still. i do not know what land it is - or dare ask when or why i was, or will be, there. "beware st. toad's cracked chimes as i plunged into those mad lanes that wind in labyrinths obscure and undefined south of the river where old centuries dream. he was a furtive figure, bent and ragged, and in a flash had staggered out of sight, so still i burrowed onward in the night toward where more roof-lines rose, malign and jagged. no guide-book told of what was lurking here -xxviii. expectancy but now i heard another old man shriek: "beware st.toad's cracked chimes i paused, when a third greybeard croaked in fear: "beware st. toad's cracked chimes till suddenly that black spire loomed ahead. i cannot tell why some things hold for me a sense of unplumbed marvels to befall, or of a rift in the horizon's wall opening to worlds where only gods can be. there is a breathless, vague expectancy, as of vast ancient pomps i half recall, or wild adventures, uncorporeal, ecstasy-fraught, and as a day-dream free. it is in sunsets and strange city spires,xxx. background old villages and woods and misty downs, south winds, the sea, low hills, and lighted towns, old gardens, half-heard songs, and the moon's fires. but though its lure alone makes life worth living, none gains or guesses what it hints at giving. i never can be tied to raw, new things, for i first saw the light in an old town, where from my window huddled roofs sloped down to a quaint harbour rich with visionings. streets with carved doorways where the sunset beams flooded old fanlights and small window-panes, and georgian steeples topped with gilded vanes - these were the sights that shaped my childhood dreams. such treasures, left from times of cautious leaven,xxxiii. harbour whistles cannot but loose the hold of flimsier wraiths that flit with shifting ways and muddled faiths across the changeless walls of earth and heaven. they cut the moment's thongs and leave me free to stand alone before eternity. over old roofs and past decaying spires the harbour whistles chant all through the night; throats from strange ports, and beaches far and white, and fabulous oceans, ranged in motley choirs. each to the other alien and unknown, yet all, by some obscurely focussed force from brooding gulfs beyond the zodiac's course, fused into one mysterious cosmic drone. through shadowy dreams they send a marching linexxxvi. continuity of still more shadowy shapes and hints and views; echoes from outer voids, and subtle clues to things which they themselves cannot define. and always in that chorus, faintly blent, we catch some notes no earth-ship ever sent. there is in certain ancient things a trace of some dim essence - more than form or weight; a tenuous aether, indeterminate, yet linked with all the laws of time and space. a faint, veiled sign of continuities that outward eyes can never quite descry; of locked dimensions harbouring years gone by, and out of reach except for hidden keys. it moves me most when slanting sunbeams glow on old farm buildings set against a hill, and paint with life the shapes which linger still from centuries less a dream than this we know. in that strange light i feel i am not far from the fixed mass whose sides the ages are.
__label__non_math	0.9995	the results of the second group poll are in: members were asked should the yankees be worried about resigning matsui or damon more. it was a split between damon and neither. it appears that damon won't be returning next year, but i am unaware of matsui's future. feel free to talk this over in the message board. recent yankee news: congratulations to derek jeter for winning the sports illustrated sportsman of the year award. yankees.com says the award is given to someone who not only shows talent on the field but also off the field. the yankees pre season schedule was released and they will play the pirates on march 3rd at home in tampa. for more visit: join the group diehard yankee fans as soon as we get started in the group message boards i may start posting a "what's hot in the message boards" segment of this bi-daily report. please get started and make this group a success
__label__non_math	0.9994	fansedge is your source for officially licenced kansas state wildcats men's basketball apparel: our kansas state wildcats basketball store has a huge selection of k-state men's basketball gear including wildcats basketball jerseys, shirts, shorts and more. this coupled with our competitive prices for kansas state basketball clothing is why we are the fastest growing college basketball fan shop online. make fansedge your destination for ksu wildcats men's basketball merchandise and your source for products that express your kansas state wildcats fandom. shop fansedge.com, the official outfitter of fans .
__label__non_math	1.0000	fansnap does the work. you have the fun revolution little rock is located in little rock, ar. some upcoming events include: streetlight manifesto. 800 scott st little rock, ar get local info on yahoo local and yelp last updated: : -
__label__non_math	0.9987	fantagraphics' veteran jeremy eaton continues to draw his mashup characters or jumbles since his show last fall in seattle. luba and olive oyl is one of our favorites, good thing that iconic luba hammer exists for the sake of olive oyl's shoes created by gilbert hernandez and e.c. segar respectively . jeremy's posted more than a few of his 'jumbles' onlineso check it out today cartoonist jem eaton is messing with our minds in a creepy way to quote jem, "woodring s enigmatic frank is reborn into the boneyard skin of ec comics the crypt keeper, the transcendent meeting the corporal, the material decay of the parochial burial tradition finding itself at odds with the ephemeral grace of the unifactor, where the notion of 'end' and 'beginning' walk arm-in-arm along fate s mystical path, lost to each other s definition, the terror of the christian resting place illuminated in its absence, the keeper s haunted visage set upon his accompanying jiva, itself bound to the skeletal vocabulary of the golgotha, frank s animated stride now the dutiful march of the gravedigger s parade, the earth s bosom rupturing the toils of his collected trade, the minions of his progressive existence on display, momentary artifacts of entropy s ever-racing beauty." the apopalyptic america exhibit in seattle, saturday the 13th, -, at one night stand gallery, 12th ave south, suite 13a. you can head over there after stopping by the fantagraphics store for the the horror: from the ec comics library. since it it located in the building right above the fantagraphics store visitors to "the horror: selections from the ec comics library" on saturday, october at fantagraphics bookstore gallery will have the added pleasure of viewing "apopalyptic america," an exhibition of new works by jem eaton. his postmodern paintings combine pop culture motifs with fine art techniques to create colorful comments on classic cartoon characters. the show is at the one night stand gallery space directly above the bookstore and georgetown records, the site of a free concert that evening by berlin-based recording artist molly nilsson. these events coincide with the lively georgetown art attack featuring visual and performing arts presentations throughout the historic arts community. see you all then. the short-toothiest online commentaries diversions: plug: island of dr. moral and mome contributor jem eaton aka jeremy eaton is have a big ol' summer art blow out. from now until july 29th you can purchase original pages of art at half their normal price. parodies galore in four color fury with that eaton touch can hang on your wall; it is hard to pass up art with titles like rock nerd fever review:walt disney's uncle scrooge: only a poor old man gets a ringing endorsement from captain comics. andrew smith bluntly states, "if you're not buying the carl barks library, you should be. . . at no point does anything ring false; at all times the reader feels comfortably wrapped in the comforting folds of an old blanket. you're in the hands of a master, and the ride couldn't be smoother -- or funnier." review:full-page bleed focuses on michael kupperman's tales designed to thrizzle . tom murphey says, ". . . tales designed to thrizzle,are wild but beautifully executed super-accelerators that smash bizarre ideas together at high speed. his stories flow with an unstoppable dream logic, so the wildest leap of imagination is treated like the next reasonable step." commentary:cnn geek out discusses the rise of digital comics at sdcc and notes the hernandez brothers will have work available via comixology."comixology s other big announcement at the show was a long-awaited deal with fantagraphics to bring los bros hernandez beloved alt-comics classic love and rockets to digital format," said rob saulkowitz. plug: as a fundraiser, the university of texas at el paso is running a limited edition sale of maggie prints in total . the tax-deductible purchase will help support the hernandez brothers collection of hispanic comics and cartoon art, housed at the university of texas at el paso library. ordering information is available at the site. review audio :factual opinion covers jacques tardi's new york mon amour in extensive detail thanks to matt seneca, tucker stone, chris mautner and joe mcculloch. "it's a tourist's new york, no, not that - it's a kafka new york." the comics community continues to come together to aid the family of late sparkplug comics publisher dylan williams, with a new round of benefit auctions featuring artwork donated by its creators organized by floating world's jason leivian and profanity hill's and fantagraphics' jason t. miles. the marquee item of the moment is daniel clowes's cover sketches for the hardcover edition of ice haven, and more wonderful contributions from fantagraphics artists follow below. click each image to be taken directly to the ebay auction, and see additional contributions at the divine invasion blog. make plans for labor day weekend in seattle now organized by fantagraphics resident curator larry reid, "counterculture comix: a -year survey of seattle alternative cartoonists" begins with lynda barry's work circa and continues through the present. the show reveals seattle as the ancestral home of the alternative comix genre and examines the role comix played in seattle's youth movement of the 90s, which penetrated popular culture globally. review: "over the last few decades, jim woodring has been drawing a series of wordless, blissfully cruel slapstick fables, set in a world of grotesque entities and psychedelic minarets: half unshakable nightmare, half chuck jones cartoon filtered through the bhagavad gita. weathercraft... flows so smoothly and delightfully from each image to the next that it s easy to ignore that it has its own idea of sense, which may not jibe with anybody else s." douglas wolk, the new york times review: "for those who find the work involving enough, weathercraft will resonate with them on some emotional level there's moments that unnerve, moments that touch and while it is an immersive experience, the comic, especially in its hardcover form, operates most like a testimony of events. it's a comic, through and through, but it hews closer to a religious tome than it does a love rockets installment." tucker stone, comixology review: "it s better to experience woodring s work than to try and understand it. weathercraft focuses on frank s frequent nemesis manhog a representative of humanity at its morally weakest as he goes through multiple stages of degradation on his way to almost achieving a higher consciousness. the humanoid mongrel frank hangs around the edges of the story with his loyal pets, but weathercraft is mainly about how manhog and by extension the reader sees how sick, freaky, and beautiful the world can be grade a-" the a.v. club review: "megan kelso is best known for elegant, small-scale comics... with a historical or memoiristic bent. so it s surprising and wonderful that artichoke tales, her first novel-length work, is the sort of world-building fantasy story that comes with a family tree and a map on its endpapers. ... kelso s ligne claire artwork is consistently sweet and airy, depicting blobby, dot-eyed characters whose body language says as much as their words. the approach provides a likable surface for a story with much darker and stickier depths, about a land whose cultural heritage is rotting away in the aftermath of a civil war." douglas wolk, the new york times review: "south african comic book writer artist joe daly s dungeon quest: book one takes a hilariously askew look at the madness of fantasy quest games. ... r eaders with a high tolerance for absurdity and a healthy sense of humor about the subject matter will probably love what's on offer here." matt staggs, suvudu review: "watching wally and his equally gangly, geometric cohorts stretch and sprint and smash their way across hensley's brighly colored backgrounds and block-lettered sound effects is like reading your favorite poem or even... wally gropius itself as translated into a language with a totally different alphabet. ... and wonder of wonders, the book finds its own way to be really funny amid all these highfalutin hijinks..." sean t. collins, attentiondeficitdisorderly review: " wally gropius has quickly become one of my favorite graphic novels. ... the comic is too odd to be described as 'commentary.' it seems far more synthetic than parodic: it blends recognizable influences into something truly new... the plot of wally gropius has been described as surreal or random, but it s coherent and far more complex than i first thought... the book is an encyclopedia of cartoony facial expressions and bodily gestures, and should be studied at the ccs as such. wg radiates a real sense of joy, of 'cartooning unfettered.' ... hensley is one of the best, and most idiosyncratic, writers of text in comics." ken parille, blog flume review: " daniel clowes isn t as zany as he used to be, so there s a void to be filled here, and wally gropius does that ably: the hardcover collects hensley s gropius stories from the anthology seriesmome with a little extra material thrown in , and his immaculate, vaguely 50s style owes as much to mort walker, archie comics, and other vintage teen-humor strips as it does to clowes. ... grade b" the a.v. club review: "...captain easy follows a mysterious agent-for-hire as he travels exotic lands, battling bad guys. ...crane s art is stunning, combining simple cartoony figures with richly detailed backgrounds in clever, colorful layouts. it isn t even necessary to read the dialogue or captions to follow the action; just scan crane s dynamic lines, which make every panel look like a unique work of pop art grade a-" the a.v. club review: "i was pretty excited when i found out that fantagraphics was publishing an anthology of the best american comics criticism. ... editor ben schwartz did a great job selecting pieces that comprise a vibrant narrative of the industry. from graphic novels with literary aspirations to comics about capes, the breadth of content in here is really fantastic. ... but of all the essays in the book, only one is written by a woman. that s a big let down." erin polgreen, attackerman plug: "drew friedman is the master american caricaturist of our time. not only are his portraits of the famous so realistic, they induce double takes, but he also captures truths about personality and draws out pun intended the funny in everyone." michael simmons, la weekly plug:g4 drops a nice mention of "the ongoing and lovingly assembled complete peanuts series" in their review of the snoopy flying ace game for xbox 360 interview:comics comics' nicole rudick sat al columbia down for his most candid and revealing interview ever: "so, yeah, i can still draw pim and francie. they re a lot of fun to draw. almost too much fun. you start to get intoxicated working on them. it s like, 'this is too much fun. this shouldn t be allowed. this shouldn t be legal.' i always put it aside because it just gets me too . . . they re very intense and fun and maybe fun upsets me." interview:the daily cross hatch's brian heater concludes his conversation with gene deitch: "i hate the term '2d.' that s bullshit. they put us in that category. they say they re making 3d. they re not 3d. what pixar does is not 3d because it s shaded. the screen is flat. it s a flat picture. it s just an illusion." profile: taylor dungjen of university of cincinnati student newspaper the news record profiles u of c faculty member c. tyler: "you might say tyler is a proud american. you might even call her a patriot. she says she is a liberal hippie chick who supports american troops." -page black white magazine-size comic book .order now a unique, oversized coloring book just like mom used to buy you only dirtier. beloved alternative cartoonist jeremy eaton puts a modern, interactive, and empowering spin on the old-fashioned girlie pin-up. join kinky spectrum and her colorful girlfriends as they take on the chores of the world: repairing telephone lines, taking spacewalks, fighting fires, pole vaulting, hunting, painting portraits, delivering milk, walking dogs, and so on... all forgetting just one thing their clothes
__label__non_math	0.9994	review: "angry beavers creator schauer displays a knowledge and fondness for the old-school culture of monster movies, and the art in rip m.d. has a nice balance between the macabre and the absurd." publishers weekly link is temporary review: "... i t s the combination of form and content, style and substance that makes poison river the graphic novel-length 'origin of luba' story that comprises beyond palomar s first two-thirds one of the most singular, potent, unforgettable comics ever made by anyone, ever. ... i n a way, love and rockets x feels like a riff on the same ideas that drive poison river, simply filtered through the american urban musical milieu normally occupied by jaime. ... there aren t very many comics this affecting, that much i can tell you. you can probably count them on two hands with fingers to spare. i would say i envy the people who still get to read this for the first time, but i just re-read it, and here i sit, knocked on my ass." sean t. collins, attentiondeficitdisorderly portland-based writer, publisher, and bookseller chloe eudaly and renowned cartoonist and journalist joe sacco, author of palestine and footnotes in gaza, will discuss comics and journalism in a casual and lively presentation on sunday, august at the portland art museum. this program is offered in conjunction with the exhibition the bible illuminated: r. crumb's book of genesis, on view through september . what: joe sacco and chloe eudaly in conversation when: sunday, august , p.m. where: portland art museum, whitsell auditorium ticketing: non-members. tickets available at portlandartmuseum.org or at the museum's box office. review: "in weathercraft, his first foray into graphic-novel territory, seattle denizen jim woodring employs his repertory troupe of ambiguous, liminal characters frank, manhog, pupshaw, and pushpaw to tell the kind of pilgrim's progress tale that david lynch might have conjured up if he were a cartoonist. ... impermanence, the conundrum of physical senses that guide and ensnare at the same time, the challenge of a rational response to an irrational universe all this and more await the returning fan or the open-minded acolyte in woodring's best work yet. and for an artist of his caliber, that's saying something." damian van denburgh, critical mob review: "loaded with hipster irony, profanity and long digressive conversations, it s a loving tribute to half-repudiated childhood pleasures. ... at times, dungeon quest captures the anything-goes wanderlust of calvin hobbes if calvin s fantasies were real, set in rundown los angeles neighborhoods and loaded with swearing." jason thompson, the comics journal review: "the relationship stuff all rings true, and when it gets weird at the end, it doesn t seem random and arbitrary, and that s a difficult trick to pull off. ... i found werewolves of montpellier to be a delightful read; no profound life lessons were learned, but jason s storytelling is first-rate and life lessons are overrated anyway." johnny bacardi, popdose reviewer:on his blog, jason reviews the film l on morin, pr tre review: "deep within the barroom psychosis, lane looks into the abyss and thinks about spitting into it. the drive that leads to destruction can also be a powerful and satisfying personal experience. while each story in abandoned cars ties together in a thick knot of dread, the best story sees lane go on a blatantly autobiographical adventure, and head out for an adventure by jumping on trains." bob temuka, the tearoom of despair review: "many books have been written about world war i, but few can truly worm their way into your head like jacques tardi s it was the war of the trenches. the tales here are devastating and heartbreaking, and often disturbing, but readers will nonetheless have a hard time putting it down." holly scudero, sacramento book review review: "perhaps there is something in charlie brown, that the longer i read his adventures, the more i become a fatalist. i look at the history of europe and i know that there are frequent periods of relative peace, such as the past years in poland. and since they are rare, sooner or later they can suddenly end." konrad hildebrand, motyw drogi translated from polish review: "this, then, was my introduction to the idiosyncratic and fantastically imagined worlds of jaime and gilbert hernandez. ... while the stories and art of each hernandez brother is unique, they shine extra bright by being juxtaposed, one to the other. altogether: these rambling, lingering tales are bewitching." anna clark, isak review: "... in a mess of everything, miss lasko-gross covers the usual holden caulfield territory with brevity and an eye for detail. her cartooning is very expressive and the book is coloured in subdued wash-like tones of brown, grey and blue that enhance the emotional impact of her cringe-worthy struggles for independence and individuality." bryan munn, sequential plug: " roberta gregory is the cartoonist responsible for the comic series naughty bits, which is one of the best comic series i've ever read. seriously, life's a bitch is one of my favorite comics ever. it's basically a biography of one normal albeit kinda hateful woman, and it's insightful, funny, and true." paul constant, the stranger previewing an event on saturday that, alas, we didn't know about in advance reviewer:laura warholic author alexander theroux looks at a new biography of jack london for the wall street journal: "readers can be pardoned for thinking it seems not improbable that london, given the chance, would punch mr. haley in the nose." also on facebook, bill griffith posts this one-page story excerpted above which was recently published in a new book about levittown, second suburb, edited by dianne harris link goes straight to the image file, since i don't know bill's facebook privacy settings, but he posts cool stuff all the time t. edward bak is posting several pages from his current serialized mome story "wild man" for bucks you can purchase an original page and help fund his impending trip to alaska for field research for the story, so hit that paypal link on his blog review: "peter bagge s not-so-yearly update on the life and times of his signature character buddy bradley takes up about half of hate annual ... it s a funny story with a confident, natural progression and some keen observations to make... t his is... a welcome renewal of one of alt-comics most treasured series grade a-" the a.v. club review: "the mid- 70s found schulz pushing the strip further and further into the oddball, mixing fantasy and reality in extended storylines... the strip as a whole feels less scrappy and more settled in this era, though it s no less inspired, and schulz was clever enough to keep working his own state of mind into the finished product. the complete peanuts: - collects comics clearly drawn by a successful man still nagged by feelings of inadequacy not easily explained away grade a-" the a.v. club review: "don t be misled by high soft lisp s cover. this isn t just comic book smut or an adult version of archie. gilbert hernandez has created some of the most fleshed-out and memorable women in comics since launching love and rockets with his brother jaime in . their breasts might be outsized, but so are their minds and souls." garrett martin, boston herald review: "fantagraphics fourth oversized collection of elzie segar s legendary thimble theatre strips, famous as the birth place of segar s notorious popeye the sailor, continues the winning standard set by earlier editions. ... fantagraphics enormous format remains among the best-looking strip reprints available." michael c. lorah, newsarama review: "levin s is not often a forceful tone; he digs up information and can deliver it in a scholarly enough manner, but also will follow his muse, digressing into dry humor and even an admitted faulknerian flight of fancy. he s fully engaged, grappling with the facts and the issues as he uncovers them, and the reader grapples right along with him. most outrageous is a much more compelling book for the fact that levin doesn t try to wrap it all up in a bow." christopher allen, comic book galaxy register and login to receive full member benefits, including members-only special offers, commenting privileges on flog
__label__math	0.5726	i've been trying to get this one working another version with a small change i started working on it quite a while ago. the idea is to make little car flip in the correct way when it falls off the lower platform, if it manages to lock on the bridge with the on bottom it should drive all the way back up. i never quite got it working, as you will see in one of the designs there is a problem with the chain down to the brigde, also there is a problem that occured later with the getting stuck under the bridge while the car wanted to drive up. i left an empty spot in the build area for something to push the big ball out of the way but i never got that far . anyway, i'm getting rather bored of it mainly because tweeking this thing is hell, small differences so i'm just gonna leave it here for anyone that want to give it a shot. to whomever completes it disclaimer: in the event of someone completing this design you will not be awarded , as doktorq inc is a stricly non-profit buisness. for more information send a message in a bottle to kola peninsula in north-west russia.
__label__non_math	0.9669	it doesn't concern me. it's similar to last season. our best prospect liriano garza is the odd man out of the rotation for silva and some other older player we are trying to let in lohse ponson . of course, sometime early into the season, silva and the older, tenured player will be demoted to the bullpen or minors, making room for the prospect. they will then go on to dominate with johan. of course, this time garza won't be injured. in all seriousness, i'm not in love with the rotation. it's not sexy especially ponson, silva, and bonser in those pants besides, we got johan.
__label__non_math	0.9955	it is an honour and pleasure for me to deliver an opening address at this apaari angoc gfar asia-pacific regional workshop on agricultural research for development in bangkok. i am particularly pleased as your invitation is a clear reflection of the importance two key networks in asia attach to partnership with the food and agriculture organization of the united nations and our joint drive to solve the problem of world hunger. despite the continuous growth in the world economy and sufficient food availability at the global level, more than 852 million people are chronically hungry. at present rates of growth and donor aid levels, the world food summit wfs target of halving the number of undernourished people is far from being reached by . current projections indicate that the world will be required to produce one additional billion tons of food grains to feed an additional two billion people by the year , nearly percent of whom will be in the developing countries. our planet is facing almost insurmountable challenges, challenges that governments on their own cannot fix. in order to survive and progress, we need to collectively embrace and adapt to changes; we need to strengthen our ability to provide life's essentials of food for an expanding human population; in short, we require major advances in science and technology. understanding major forces prevailing in the asia-pacific region further sheds light on the challenges and concerns we need to address: globalization and market liberalization; decentralization and governance, commercialization and agri-business. but also democratization and participation, the inclusive -concept of sustainable development, and the breakthrough of information and communications technology, as well as the potential and promises of emerging sciences and technology, just to name of few. priorities and policies for agricultural research science and technology is a production force, said the late chinese leader deng xiao ping. undeniably, it is an advance production force. but, in today s changing world, agricultural science and technology research needs to address the implications of climate changes and global warming, and increased variability and more frequent and intense natural disasters, such as droughts, floods and other extreme events. in this connection, agricultural mitigation and adaptation to climate change should be brought up as a priority on the international agricultural research agenda. development and safe use of bio-technology require bio-security regimes and transparency, particularly when used for improvement in crop production, nutrition and fortifying of micro nutrients, for example. both enhanced basic studies and applied research are needed to safeguard human health and environmental security, including preservation of bio-diversity. but regretfully, this vital work is often compromised, if not neglected, due to marginal investment in the sector. appropriate policies for meeting these challenges are both necessary and important. policies will need to function and evolve within a number of dynamic technological, social, economic and institutional constraints and settings. first and foremost, a good policy must enable research agenda setting being people centered , and in this connection, small holder farming systems in particular should not be marginalized while promoting economies of scale, competitiveness in the production-processing-marketing chain, and above all the utmost goal of research policies should enhance and ensure equitable participation of small scale farmers and their organizations in setting research agendas and fair sharing of the benefits of advancement of sciences and technology. not every country needs to develop, or can afford to develop, cutting-edge technologies. but every country does need a minimal national capacity to possess, assess, and use judiciously such scientific knowledge and technology as is consistent with its people s need and aspirations, and suitably adapted to the local agro-ecological environment. successful examples in a number of member states have shown that sustained and coordinated institutional support to, and adequate financial investment in agricultural science, research, and development by public sector are two essential policy dimensions to be promoted, along with incentive and innovative policies to encourage private sector s involvement and investment in agricultural research and development. technical-support organizations such as fao and cgiar are crucial partners for governments in creating a knowledge and technology base. they bare equally important stakeholders in promoting information dissemination and knowledge application to enhance productivity and to achieve and maintain comprehensive food security, poverty alleviation and equity. if the power and potential of science and technology are to be realized, comprehensive policy support and investment shall be required to strengthen skills and human resources, infrastructures and institutional services, and enabling regulatory systems in public sector research institutes as well as in successful farmer ngo experiments or traditional farming systems. in this connection, fao s own farmer field schools model goes a long way in promoting such novel approaches, at the same time narrowing the research-development gap. on a more substantive note, fao feels that further strengthening the contribution of agricultural research to food security, poverty alleviation and rural development needs a comprehensive approach, covering areas broader than strictly technical studies, such as: partnering in agricultural research and development - advocacy for greater public investment in agricultural research and development; - pro-poor policy reform, strategic planning and priority setting; - strategies for increased public and private sector partnership; - provision of transparent information including the potential and risk of new technologies; - strengthening networks and networking aimed at linking research and development with local government and farmer organizations; - capacity building as vital means for ensuring research and development so that a cadre of appropriately trained manpower is available for different roles. i should like to stress the role of partnership in agricultural research and the need for international cooperation for harnessing the fruits of science and technology for poverty and hunger reduction. participation and full involvement of ngos in research and development is essential for facilitating and translating research results into direct benefits for farmers. to achieve this, it is necessary to ensure an appropriate civil society voice in multi-stakeholder research agendas. fao and its partners recognize the capacities of ngos for technology implementation and outreach, in particular, its unique role in facilitating partnerships in research between formal scientific organizations and farmer networks. due to its strong grassroot level presence, many ngos also have comparative advantages in terms of community -level advocacy and practical field experiences in adaptation of technology for applications to local condition and ecosystems in developing countries. fao has a clear strategy to work with ngos as partner in implementing our global mandate in the fight against hunger. you may recall that we launched the international alliance against hunger, calling on international organizations, governments, research and academic institutions, ngos, csos, private sector, and individuals to work as partners in achieving the mdgs. i take this opportunity to mention the special relationship and close partnership fao has enjoyed with apaari ever since the establishment of this unique asia-pacific network of agricultural research institutions. it is a shining example telling how an intergovernmental organization and a non-governmental research network cooperate on a wide range of activities, from biotechnology policy dialogue to training on ipm. although now an independent organization, apaari s central office in bangkok is co-located in the fao regional office, and fao is a member on two apaari standing committees - the asia pacific consortium on agricultural biotechnology, and the asia-pacific agricultural research information system. we also collaborate during technical meetings, workshops and training sessions, and share information and knowledge in many fields. in the same vein, i should like to emphasize the excellent and long-standing cooperation enjoyed between angoc and the fao regional office in bangkok. angoc has grown and developed over the years and, of particular interest to fao, became a key player and asian member of the international planning commission which catalyzed civil society inputs for the world food summit. allow me to emphasize that we welcome the timely initiative of apaari and angoc under the generous sponsorship of gfar to jointly organize this regional workshop. i can assure you that fao is fully committed to work with you all at various levels; global, regional, national and local. it is indeed our experience that working with civil society organizations enables fao to increase the effectiveness and quality of its work in agriculture and food security. through dialogues and consultation with ngos and csos, fao ensures that its decision-making, policies and scientific research and technical development and assistance programme reflect the interests of all sectors of society. i applaud the inclusive approach taken by gfar and apaari to work closely with federations, associations and local groups representing farmers, fisherfolk and herders to ensure that the aspirations of the poor, the disadvantaged, the marginalized and the hungry are successfully voiced, and heard, and more importantly, acted upon. while the region has made substantial inroads in eradicating poverty and food insecurity over the last three decades, ensuring access to food for the hungry will persist as a major challenge within the strategic horizon towards . agriculture's ability to respond to the demand for sustainable production will increasingly rely on its growth as a science and information-based sector. the need for concerted action at national and regional levels to develop the institutional infrastructure for sustainable agriculture and rural development has become more pronounced, and imposes significant changes in the roles of government, ngos, civil society organizations and farmers' organizations as well as in the mechanisms used by international organizations as both knowledge organizations and service providers. demand-driven participatory agricultural research and extension is key to the relevance and effectiveness of agricultural r d in promoting sustainable agriculture and rural development. institutional innovations are needed to make agricultural research and extension more sensitive to the needs of small farmers, in particular women and indigenous people. innovative support arrangements need to be developed to facilitate small farmer demand-driven participatory agricultural r d, and more serious consideration should be given by international communities and governments in providing financial support to its partners, such as farmers and non governmental organizations, as well as international and regional agricultural research networks such as gfar and apaari. being an optimist i believe that together we can ultimately solve the problem of food for all. but critical problems are now facing our planet, in the long term that of climate change and its impact on agriculture; meanwhile, the current soaring food prices worldwide is a wake up call, as it may nullify the last years efforts by international communities and could bring 100 million people in the world back to poverty, as the world bank cautioned. these are the problems that need to be tackled head on.
__label__non_math	0.9997	h5n1 in cats at the end of february highly pathogenic avian influenza hpai , caused by the h5n1 virus was detected in a domestic cat found dead on the northern island of ruegen, germany. since mid-february, over 100 birds have died on this island and tests confirmed h5n1 infection. also in asia, cats and other felidae have been occasionally found to be infected with h5n1 since the start of the poultry epidemic in . experimental studies have shown that the domestic cat can become infected with the virus and that cat to cat transmission is possible in principle. the virus causes respiratory disease which can lead to death in all cat species. serological studies in several asian countries suggest that dogs may also contract the h5n1 infection. countries in europe have advised owners of pets living near h5n1 wild bird foci to keep cats indoors and dogs on a leash when taken for a walk. these recent events lead to many questions by the public and pet owners to which the veterinary profession has to respond. in addition, there may be exposure of pet owners and veterinarians. for example, when animals infected with h5n1 eg birds, dogs and cats are brought to the veterinary clinic. important are also the contribution veterinary practitioners can make in the surveillance of the disease for the presence of the h5n1 infection. this section provides information for the general public and professionals about the risk of cats contracting h5n1 virus and the role of cats in the spread of avian influenza h5n1. during a h5n1 outbreak in poultry in in hong kong, the first clinical human cases of this sub-type were reported with several fatalities. from the end of to date march 173 people have been confirmed infected with the h5n1 virus of which have died. except for case, human-to-human transmission has probably not occurred. although h5n1 is relatively common to wild birds and poultry, humans and other mammals are also at risk of hpai infection. highly pathogenic avian influenza in poultry is of growing concern due to the current geographic extent comprising asia, africa and europe showing potential for pandemic spread. the virus is highly contagious and already over 200 million domestic birds have either been culled or died of the disease. table shows the timeline for avian influenza in cats and other felidae. infected with h5n1 develop severe disease and can spread infection to other cats. fed on chicken carcasses. eventually, 147 out of the population of 441 tigers died or had to euthanized for animal welfare reasons. viet nam revealed h5n1, marking the first infection of this species with the virus. these endangered owston s palm civets were raised in captivity; source of infection is still unknown. october february in iraq and indonesia in the vicinity of h5n1 outbreaks of ruegen germany . over 100 wild birds had been found dead on the island during previous weeks. role of cats in virus transmission research has shown that domestic cats may die from h5n1 virus. also horizontal transmission has been proven. however, it is unlikely that cats play a role in the natural transmission cycle of h5n1 viruses. cat infections occasionally occur in association with h5n1 outbreaks in domestic or wild birds, e.g. when cats feed on infected birds. experimental infected cats shed the virus via the respiratory and intestinal tract, and may therefore transmit the virus to other cats. naturally infected cats are thus in theory, able to spread the virus. in areas where h5n1 infected wild birds are reported it can not be excluded that cats become infected. although most wild birds infected are waterfowl, not normally the species cats interact with, h5n1 is potentially infectious to numerous other bird species and it can not be ruled out that passerines or pigeons which do interact with cats get infected. in areas where poultry is infected with h5n1 there is a risk that cats become infected with h5n1 through contact with infected poultry or their faeces. anecdotal reports support the notion that contact with infected poultry faeces and eating infected carcasses forms a source of infection for cats. cats probably have little or no contribution to the spread of the disease because the number of infected poultry is much higher than the number of infected cats; poultry shed much more virus than cats. nevertheless, cats may play a role in the spread of the virus to other animals. report to the local veterinary authority any evidence of significant animal mortality both wild and domestic. theoretically there is a possibility that cats transmit infection to humans. however, given the risk that cats become infected with hpai is low, the risk to human infection is therefore limited. the role of stray cats due to their greater mobility, stray cats could spread the disease into new areas. if infected, stray cats may become a source of contamination to poultry and mammals, including humans. the role of other mammals the ability of catching the h5n1 virus is not restricted to cats. reports show infection in tigers, leopards and civets. also dogs and pigs may become infected with the virus. given the broad host spectrum of the h5n1virus, the possibility that also other wild or domesticated mammals including seals, mustelidae or furbearing animals, become infected by contacting infected animals is present. all carnivores could become infected through eating infected poultry or infected wild birds. areas where h5n1 hpai has been diagnosed or is suspected in poultry or wild birds: - report to the local veterinary authority any evidence of significant bird mortality both wild and domestic. - be especially vigilant for any dead or sick cats and report such findings to the local veterinarian. - make sure contact between cats and wild birds or poultry or their faeces is avoided and or keep cats inside. - if cats bring a sick or dead bird inside the house, put on plastic gloves and dispense of the bird in plastic bags for collection by local veterinary animal handlers. - keep stray cats outside the house and avoid contact with them. - if cats show breathing problems or nasal discharge, a veterinarian should be consulted. - do not touch or handle any sick-looking or dead cat or other animal and report to the authorities. - wash hands with water and soap regularly and especially after handling animals and cleaning their litter boxes or coming in contact with faeces or saliva. - dogs can only be taken outside the premises if kept restraint. - do not feed any water birds. - disinfect e.g. with bleach - cages or other hardware in which sick animals have been transported or been in contact. - wash animal blankets with soap or any other commercial detergent.
__label__non_math	0.9996	if farmers are to increase food production and food security, they need better access to agricultural support systems, such as credit, technology, extension services and agricultural education, as well as to the rural organizations that often channel other services. both men and women smallholders and poor farmers have frequently been cut off from these essential agricultural support systems, which seldom take into account the different responsibilities and needs of men and women farmers. in spite of their enormous potential and their crucial roles in agricultural production, women in particular have insufficient access to production inputs and support services. this trend underlines the need to implement measures aimed at enhancing the access of small farmers, especially women, to production inputs - particularly since the working environment of development organizations has changed as a result of market liberalization and a reduced role for the state worldwide. national agricultural extension systems are no exception to this rule, and must respond by making internal and external adjustments. great attention is required so that the adjustments do not become detrimental to women and men small farmers. for example, fao's field experiences over the last decade have pointed to the need for extension programmes that are more strategically planned, needs-based, participatory and problem solving. women's access to and use of agricultural support systems is also severely limited by the heavy burden on time and energy that results from their triple responsibilities - productive activities such as work in the fields , reproductive activities such as child rearing, cooking and household chores and community management. in order to improve production, farmers need access to financial capital. buying seeds, fertilizer and other agricultural inputs often requires short-term loans, which are repaid when the crops are harvested. installing major improvements, such as irrigation pumps, or acquiring new technology that increases future yields is impossible without access to long-term credit. smallholders, particularly women, often face difficulties in obtaining credit. this is a direct consequence of their lacking access to land, participation in development projects and extension programmes and membership in rural organizations, all of which are important channels for obtaining loans and credit information. in several countries of sub-saharan africa, where women and men farmers are roughly equal in number, it is estimated that women farmers receive only percent of the loans granted to smallholders and less than percent of the total credit advanced to the agriculture sector. credit delivery can be improved by setting up microfinance institutions in rural areas and reorienting the banking system to cater to the needs of small farmers, especially women. the grameen bank in bangladesh, which first pioneered the microcredit approach in , currently reaches more than million people. since it was founded, the bank has lent more than us .billion, most of it in the form of loans of a few hundred dollars for small agriculture, distribution, crafts and trading enterprises. numerous studies have shown that women are generally more reliable and punctual in repaying their loans than men are. a programme providing credit and nutrition for women significantly improved both the participating women's incomes and their children's nutritional status. this is the conclusion of a study that examined the impact of a credit and education programme run by the ngo freedom from hunger. men and women smallholders also suffer financially from limited access to the marketing services that would allow them to turn surplus produce into cash income. women face particular difficulties because marketing infrastructure and organizations are rarely geared towards either small-scale producers or the crops that women grow. although women all over the world are active as traders, hawkers and street and market vendors, little has been done to improve transport and market facilities to support this vital economic sector. even where rural women play an important role in wholesale trade, their full membership in marketing service institutions is still difficult because they may be illiterate or lack independent legal status. planning for action the fao gender and development plan of action includes commitments by different divisions of fao to increasing the equality of access to a wide range of agricultural support systems, including markets, credit, technology, extension and training. rural finance and marketing services rural groups and organizations agricultural research and technology agricultural education and extension microcredit and education boost incomes and nutrition astudy examined the impact of a microcredit and educational programme implemented by the ngo freedom from hunger. in ghanaian villages, women who participated in the programme used microcredit loans to launch income-generating activities such as preparing and selling palm oil, fish and cooked foods. they increased their non-farm income by per month, twice as much as the women who had not taken part in the programme. through the programme's educational component, participating women also gained valuable knowledge about their children's nutrition and heath needs. membership of cooperatives, farmers' organizations, trade unions and other organizations represents one of the best ways for rural men and women to gain access to resources, opportunities and decision-making. cooperatives and farmers' associations generally make it possible for farmers to share the costs and rewards of services that they could not afford on their own. they can be an invaluable channel for obtaining technology, information, training and credit. they can also give smallholders a much louder voice in local and national decision-making. by instituting common food processing, storage and marketing activities, organizations can increase the exchange of goods and services and the access to national and regional markets. participation in such organizations can be especially important to smallholders and poor farmers, both men and women. but women are frequently deterred from joining because membership is often restricted to recognized landowners or heads of household. even when women are responsible for the day-to-day management of both households and holdings, their husbands or other male relatives are often considered the official heads. in many regions, women farmers' membership of these organizations is restricted by custom. where they are able to belong to rural organizations, women often do not share equally in either the decision-making or the benefits, and are excluded from leadership positions. furthermore, their many household chores may make it impossible for them to attend meetings and devote the time that is necessary for full participation. investment in labour-saving technologies to relieve the burden of women's unpaid productive and reproductive tasks is needed in order to given them more free time. in recent years there has been some success in reducing the obstacles to women's participation in rural organizations. at the same time, the use and establishment of traditional and new women's groups to promote women's participation in rural development has grown rapidly. however, experience has shown that women's empowerment often requires a step-by-step process to remove the barriers to their membership in organizations that are traditionally dominated by men. furthermore, it is necessary to give them support, individually or collectively, to enable them to gain the knowledge and self-confidence needed to make choices and take greater control of their lives. in all regions of the developing world, women typically work far longer hours than men do. studies in asia and africa show that women work as much as extra hours a week. as a result, they may have little available time to seek out support services, and very different priorities for the kind of support required. overall, the agricultural research agenda has neglected the needs of smallholders, especially women farmers, and failed to take advantage of their invaluable knowledge about traditional farming methods, indigenous plant and animal varieties and coping techniques for local conditions. such knowledge could hold the key to developing sustainable approaches that combine modern science with the fruits of centuries of experimentation and adaptation by men and women farmers. most research has focused on increasing the yields of commercial crops and staple grains on high-input farms, where high-yielding varieties can be cultivated under optimal conditions. smallholders can rarely afford these technology packages , which are also generally ill suited to the climatic and soil conditions in areas where most of the rural poor live. the crops that farmers in such areas rely on and the conditions that they face have not featured prominently in agricultural research. sorghum and millet, for example, have received very little research attention and funding, despite their high nutritional value and ability to tolerate difficult conditions. similarly, relatively little research has been devoted to the secondary crops grown by women, which often provide most of their family's nutritional needs. in addition, agricultural tools and implements are also rarely designed to fit women's physical capabilities or work, so they do not meet women's needs. the impact of new technologies is seldom evaluated from a gender perspective. the introduction of harvesting, threshing and milling machinery, for example, has very little direct effect on yields but eliminates thousands of hours of paid labour. according to one study, if all the farmers in punjab, india, who cultivate more than ha were to use combine harvesters, they would lose more than million paid working days, without any increase in farm production or cropping intensity. most of the lost labour and income would be women's. schools where men and women farmers learn how to increase yields and reduce their reliance on pesticides by relying on natural predators. developing technology to meet women's specific needs can yield major gains in food production and food security. in ghana, for example, technology was introduced to improve the irrigation of women's off-season crops. larger and more reliable harvests increased both food and economic security during the periods between major crops. in el salvador, where women play an extremely important role in agriculture, it is estimated that as many as percent of households are headed by women. one of the major goals of this country's agriculture sector reform was to improve research and extension activities by focusing on the role of women smallholders. to address women farmers' needs, the project promoted women's participation to help guide the research programme at national agricultural technology centre farms. farmer field schools in cambodia in fields across cambodia, men and women farmers gather every week to go to school. they are among the 000 cambodian farmers - more than one-third of them women - who have taken part in fao-supported farmer field schools ffs . in the schools, farmers observe how crops develop and monitor pests throughout the growing season. they also learn how natural predators, such as wasps and spiders, can help control pests and how the heavy use of pesticides often kills them off, leaving crops even more vulnerable. these schools emphasize the active participation and empowerment of both men and women farmers. in at least six provinces in cambodia, farmers have formed integrated pest management ipm groups after completing their training, and are carrying out further field studies and experiments. more than 300 farmers have completed additional training and are now organizing farmer field schools in their own areas. ;i always knew pesticides were bad for my health, one participant said, but now i know for sure. after completing the school, farmers rely more on cultural practices and natural enemies to control pests, and experience fewer cases of poisoning. agricultural extension programmes provide farmers with a lifeline of information about new technologies, plant varieties and market opportunities. in almost all countries, however, the agricultural extension system fails to reach women farmers effectively. among other reasons, this is because they are excluded from rural organizations. an fao survey showed that, worldwide, female farmers receive only percent of all agricultural extension services and only percent of agricultural extension agents are women. in egypt, where women make up more than half of the agricultural labour force, only percent of extension officers are female. an fao extension project in honduras that focused on woman-to-woman training boosted both subsistence production and household food security. this reflects the lack of information and understanding about the important role played by women. extension services usually focus on commercial rather than subsistence crops, which are grown mainly by women and which are often the key to household food security. available data rarely reflect women's responsibility for much of the day-to-day work and decision-making on the family farm. nor do they recognize the many other important food production and food processing activities that women commonly perform, such as home gardening, tending livestock, gathering fuel or carrying water. extension programmes can be tailored to address women's priority needs only when men and women farmers are listened to at the village level and when such methods as participatory rural appraisal are employed. in recent years, a number of countries have launched determined efforts to make their extension services more responsive to women's needs. in the gambia, for example, the proportion of female agricultural extension workers has increased from percent in to more than percent today. growth in the number of female extension workers has been matched by increased attention to women's involvement and priorities. a special effort has been made to encourage women's participation in small ruminant and poultry extension services. in nicaragua, efforts to ensure that extension services match client needs - including giving more attention to the diverse needs of men and women farmers - led to increased use of those services, by 600 percent for women and 400 percent for men. extension programmes that fail to take women into account also fail to address the improved technology and methods that might yield major gains in productivity and food security. furthermore, they often schedule training times and locations that make it impossible for women to participate, in addition to existing socio-cultural reasons. recommended new approaches include the strategic extension campaign sec , which was developed by fao and introduced in africa, the near east, asia and latin america. this methodology emphasizes how important it is for field extension workers and small farmers to participate in the strategic planning, systematic management and field implementation of agricultural extension and training programmes. its extension strategies and messages are specifically developed and tailored to the results of a participatory problem identification and needs assessment. training programme for women's incorporation in rural development several hundred peasant women in honduras were trained to serve as food production liaisons . after receiving their training, the liaisons worked with grassroots women's groups. they focused on impoverished rural areas where chronic malnutrition is widespread and percent of all breastfeeding mothers suffer from vitamin a deficiency. women involved with the project increased the subsistence production of nutritious foods. credits to develop poultry production proved an effective way of increasing motivation, nutritional levels and incomes. some of the grassroots women's groups involved with the project sought credit through extension agencies or from the rotating fund for peasant women. the credit was used to initiate other social and productive projects, including purchasing a motorized maize mill and planting soybeans for milk.
__label__math	0.9200	a sun-dried draff containing percent water. b actual production is between and 100 tons year. at maximum capacity the annual production could reach 550 to 650 t of dry draff. c unknown - has to be assessed. d partly decorticated. e culture of sunflower has been introduced recently and an oil processing plant is under construction at port-dauphin. f the expected production is between 000 and 000 t year starting from , but it is planned to export the whole production. g cocoa is cultivated in the northern peninsula, around cap ha tien, and also in the extreme tip of the south peninsula anse d'hainault . h sugar cane is cultivated mainly around port-au-prince, and also in the northern plains cap ha tien , the leogane plain and the cul de sac plain.
__label__non_math	1.0000	cheap flights from denver to angola - you are here: search flights - denver to africa - denver - to angola popular flights from denver to angola did you know? - there are cities with flights to angola. - the longest flight to angola is ,685 miles. - the currency symbol for usd is . - taag has the most flights to angola. - there are countries in the same zone as angola. flights to cities in angola british airways, tap, air canada, united, air france, lufthansa, iberia, brussels, klm, us airways, s african, emirates cheap flights from denver to angola, from round trip from den to ao
__label__non_math	1.0000	no items were found in the resource library that match your search criteria. try removing some words from you search criteria or deselecting some tags to broaden your search. football for equality: challenging racist and homophobic stereotypes in and through football is a programme of activities part-funded by the european commission fundamental rights and citizenship programme. the resources in the football for equality online toolkit are tagged with keywords. these are listed below, with the more popular ones being bigger in size. filter your results by adding or removing tags, or enter some text in the search box. do you know of a good quality, free, online educational resource from anywhere in europe that should be included in the toolkit? or, have you found a broken link in this toolkit? if so, please email firstname.lastname and we will look into it. all content, unless otherwise stated, is the
__label__non_math	0.9999	your order will be shipped directly from the boutique to you. farfetch ships worldwide using dhl and ups, and you will be able to track your order at any time. the cost of shipping your order will be calculated at the checkout. we currently ship orders with import delivery duties paid to usa, canada, uk, japan, russia, south korea and germany this means the price you see if the price you pay. we ship to all other countries with import delivery duties unpaid this means you may have to pay a duty bill upon receipt of your order or at a later date depending on your customs authority. click here for details. you may return your order for free, for any reason, for a refund. simply request a return within days of receiving your order, we will collect your order from you anywhere in the world and return it free of charge. click here for more details.
__label__non_math	1.0000	follow to recieve updates from your favourite boutiques and designers furnished with luxurious materials the innovative shop interiors of divo show the garments, suspended on rails in between transparent divisions, surrounded by hi-tech effects and projections. mr. divo novelli and his wife mrs. franca opened their landmark boutique almost years ago, with two more following in its wake. tucked away in the tuscan countryside, the boutiques stock both emerging italian and international fashion designers. today, the shops are run by their daughters daniela and michela novelli and their son-in-law, marco cateni.
__label__non_math	0.8325	no results found you searched for '', unfortunately we couldn't find any items that match that request. just to be certain, please make sure that your search term was entered correctly. another way to discover fashion on farfetch.com is to browse by category or designer. here are a couple of suggestions which we hope you like.
__label__non_math	1.0000	rising star of spanish fashion miriam ocariz learned her craft at the lanca international school in bilbao, presenting her first womenswear collection at the gaud fashion show in barcelona in . her designs often reference art - expressionism, conceptual and pop art have all inspired some of her prints and hand-painted designs. as well as this love of surface decoration her designs are characterised by feminine, elegant forms that are more about flattery than trend. visit miriam ocariz information on this designer
__label__non_math	0.9883	in historical terms, i had never really thought about how young our country was in the 1930s. the united states regional cook book, edited by ruth berolzheimer, broken down in sections for the scandinavian part of the country, the wisconsin dutch and the michigan dutch, i saw titles for recipes i had long ago forgotten hearing about from my great aunts and great uncles, such as stollen and kalf tong and others which were clearly derivative of the immigrant-settlement territories, and nearly all were rooted in family farm living. heritage played a part in the southern section, where this entry caught my interest: much as the south may disagree on fried chicken and eggnogs everybody insists on three things; biscuits must be buttered and eaten while piping hot. the corn meal must be white and the corn bread must be unsweetened. it is followed by a recipe for possum and sweet taters. also in that same section of this very old book we find mammy s sour milk biscuits along with beaten biscuits, which instructs that an old tree stump and a hatchet or flat iron helped these biscuits achieve perfection, explaining the traditional way to beat biscuits was on a tree stump, using a hatchet or a flat iron. many homemakers still have wooden blocks called biscuit blocks used to beat the dough. the kentucky section of the recipe book offers kentucky burgoo, a recipe which makes ,200 gallons, and is listed as a celebrated stew which is served in kentucky on derby day, at political rallies, horse sales and other outdoor events. originally hand-written by j.t. looney, he was well-known as the man to contact to prepare burgoo for large gatherings. clearly a very different time, the book describes, it is a very picturesque sight to see mr. looney, aided by many negro assistants, preparing this dish over open fires in huge kettles which are kept simmering all night. the recipe, which called for 200 pounds fat hens, ,000 pounds potatoes and bushels cabbage, was to be mixed a little at a time and cooked outdoors in huge iron kettles from to hours. use squirrels in season one dozen squirrels to each 100 gallons. burgoo is literally a soup composed of many vegetables and meats delectably fused together in an enormous caldron, over which, at the exact moment, a rabbit s foot at the end of a yard string is properly waved by a colored preacher whose salary has been paid to date. these are good omens which fortify the burgoo. this colorful description is said to be from carey s dictionary of double derivations. under the new england section of this old cook book, i found rinktum ditty, listed under delicious egg and cheese dishes, which is made with tablespoon butter, one small onion, chopped fine, cups cooked tomatoes, teaspoon salt, a little pepper, teaspoons sugar, one-half pound grated cheese, and one egg beaten. it is to be served on buttered toast on good friday. under michigan dutch, i have a feeling certain recipes were those used on butchering day for such things as kalf tong and overgebleven vleesch which was a dish using leftover meat to which mashed potatoes, gravy and vegetables are to be layered in a cooking pan. creole coffee, served black and strong, is best served with crisp anchovy canapes, according to the creole section of this colorful book. the mississippi valley section lists rich recipes for plenty of wild poultry and game as well as such things as braised celery and squaw corn. the wisconsin dutch offers instructions for stollen and schnecken. an entire section of scandanavian is interesting in its implementation of heavy cream and hand-turned fresh butter in fancier desserts and coffee cakes under the names of such things as krans and krumkaker, a rolled wafer. these were the days in which every meal was made from scratch and enjoyed heartily as a family. fast food was a totally foreign concept. for my father s family, fast was bread and milk with sugar sprinkled on top, a staple that he turned to many times when he simply wanted a quick bite between chores.
__label__non_math	1.0000	whatever each new day brings, farmers business property insurance is still your best defense against unexpected occurrences such as fire, hail, windstorms, and other natural disasters. key coverage examples include: building coverage, business personal property insurance, and business income. you re excited about being responsible for the expansion, innovation, competitiveness and profitability of your business. but keep in mind you re also liable for the unintentional accidents, mistakes or injury in which you or your employees may be involved. anyone who comes in contact with your business can file a claim or lawsuit against you for many reasons, farmers business liability insurance helps your business stand strong through challenging situations by covering the associated cost of legal defense and legal damages you are obligated to pay up to the policy limits selected. your business is really taking off, so you ve hired new employees. as time goes on, customer satisfaction remains high and sales are increasing, but something just isn t adding up. a check of the books reveals that your new bookkeeper has been stealing from you and now you re concerned how the lease will be paid. as disappointing as this scenario is, it is not at all rare. as a business owner, you need to concern yourself with losses that can happen from both inside and outside your establishment. you pride yourself on operating a safe, secure work environment where your employees can perform to the best of their ability while helping your business grow. even in the most ideal circumstances, the reality is that accidents and illness still happen. an employee slips and falls at a restaurant resulting in broken bones, an equipment malfunction at a construction site causing eye injury it could be any number of things. upon the unexpected, it s essential that your employees medical needs are quickly addressed so they can return to work as fast as possible. and that s exactly what farmers can help you do. call me to discuss a tailored multi-coverage solution including workers compensation insurance that meets the specific needs of your business. when the rubber meets the road, it s serious business. vehicles put your employees in front of existing and prospective customers and get your products to where they need to go. but unlike the oversight and insight you have on your business operations, road conditions, weather and other drivers are out of your control. any bodily injury including injury sustained by other drivers, passengers and pedestrians - for which you are responsible, or damage caused to other vehicles or property, could put your business in financial jeopardy. just like your car insurance, business auto insurance is there to keep you, your employees and your business on the road to a bright future. customizable to your individual business needs, farmers offers many business auto insurance options for the vehicles you own, lease or rent for business use. people may be the most important asset your business has. farmers life insurance for business owners offers many options to help you recruit, retain, reward and retire employees as well as prepare for business succession should the unexpected occur. farmers has provided generations of businesses the security only life insurance protection can bring. my agency can help with executive bonus plans, group life, and key person insurance. contact me to build a tailored solution that meets the specific needs of your business.
__label__non_math	0.9890	resistant myzus persicae aphid threatens virus yellows control cold weather and widespread use of neonicotinoid seed treatments combined to limit virus yellows infection in the sugar beet crop in to the extent that just .per cent of the crop was affected. concern, however, is increasing over the developing risk of resistance to neonicotinoid insecticides used to control myzus persicae aphids, the virus yellows vector. resistance has been identified in france, italy and spain, in myzus persicae populations associated mainly with peach and nectarine trees, where topical applications of neonicotinoids are used for aphid control, said dr mark stevens. if those aphids start moving north and adapt to colder climes then i worry because there is very little chemistry coming on stream to control them, he said. rothamsted research work had shown these aphids were also carrying mace and kdr resistance mechanisms, conferring resistance to pirimicarb and pyrethoids. we have little in the can to actually control them, said dr stevens. there are no resistant varieties coming on stream in the immediate future and the problem we are faced with is we are not looking at one virus but a complex of up to four different viruses, making it a very difficult target to hit with a resistance gene, he said. he told sugar beet growers at the conference the situation was one we need to keep an eye on .
__label__non_math	1.0000	i raise cattle and crops with my dad. i also have a job in town so i stay busy. when i 'm not busy i like to do guy things like watch sports and ride my motorcycle. i 'm very calm and laid back i 'm kind of shy at first. i was raised around a farm and have traditional values.
__label__non_math	0.9984	us city-folk would just call someone for a half-cord of wood...people actually chop it? by hand? eewwww. :p hrm.... i need a wood stove. i want to chop wood for a fire... its good hard work that keeps you young and limber. when i see all these pics..just love the life your are leading in your farm.you are fortunate..blessed how quickly do you go through a cord? we are considering getting a wood-burning stove next year, but i sense that there may be actual work involved. ;- firewood: love it. what a wintery paradise you must be living in now. it snowed here on friday-like really snowed-and it was so beautiful. whenever it's forecasted to snow here in the city it never really does. well... i was all stressed out. my life was filled with all kinds of things to do, but then i took my min. at farmgirl fare. now i'm ready for anything um, no. never cut wood in the snow. also, never driven in the snow. or checked the mail. or....the list could get really long. i'll stop now. hi jeff,wimp. : hi heather,have fun chopping january update: i know word verification is a big pain, but it's the only way i can stop the ridiculous number of anonymous spam comments i get every day. i don't want to require commenters to be registered blogger or open id users because i know many of you aren't. thanks so much for your understanding
__label__non_math	0.9999	qasim graduated in from farmingdale high school, where he was a four-time county champion and an all-long island long jumper. he was 2nd in the state for the long jump, ranked 14th in the nation for the triple jump and was a member of the empire state 4x1 team. qasim is also an ecac champion. he is the son of darryl and aminah ellis. favorite food: chicken favorite movie: the wood hobbies: community service with digamma omega xi inc.
__label__non_math	0.9633	advice to sewing contractors pt. this entry being third in the series part one, part two , it has a distinctly different flavor. again, i think it would be beneficial to read it even if you re not a contractor etc. without further ado, a sewing contractor friend of mine -let s call him al- writes: sometimes i wonder what should i do in the near future. i have a nucleus of good pattern makers, real seamstress not just machine operators in my family plus a better than average setup of sewing machines. should i produce a line? should i or shouldn t i? what would you do if you were me? two quick thoughts come to mind. first is that this contractor -in spite of having enviable resources- is facing a lot of the same hurdles that des do. second, that because of these hurdles, you have less to fear from a contractor stealing your ideas than you imagine. follow me: in the book i explain that the whole shooting match is broken into three phases namely design, sales and production. of these, al only has the last part production in the bag. he has a few advantages in design in that he has the capacity to make patterns and produce samples but the first part is missing. in the sales segment, he s completely bereft.i know you think anybody in this industry is magically connected to all the other segments in this business but sales is the weak link -particularly for production people because we re talking about two entirely different personality profiles. simplistically stated, sales and production are like oil and water -immiscible. so let s review. since design is more than coming up with a concept, here is a crude breakdown of what must happen in design as it affects our friend al the sewing contractor -this description of the design phase is page from my book. i ll draw a line through the things al doesn t have to worry about much . . concept development who, why, what, when how who is your customer and what do they want? decide your market entry sounds crazy but it works . style development determine final production goal order sample fabrics before making sketches order twice as many fabric samples than you need test sample fabrics develop sketches based on tested sample fabrics develop twice as many designs than final production goal fill out sketch sheets assign style numbers . style meeting: test your concept feedback weed the designs based on concept and estimated costs decide which styles will be made into patterns discuss sizing standards to fit target customer . product development: make first patterns figure basic costing . finalize product line for market: hire a sales rep weed the prototype line prepare for market launch al s big holes are related to what kind of product to make, who to make it for, how to fit that customer, find the fabrics that customer likes and expects, getting feedback and weeding the concepts and of course, anything related to selling it which is the whole second phase and not listed here. as a production person, i m telling you that we re flying blind in some ways we re too rich which amounts to design paralysis. the last thing al is facing is being exposed to risk in ways he we are not accustomed to being. to be sure we have risks of our own, but whether someone buys the lot? not usually; we are paid for our output even if consumers don t buy it. and sure, al could do it like i advise all of you, to develop prototypes and drum up interest but how is he going to do that while running a factory? i m not saying he couldn t do it but he ll have to pick up a lot of skills, develop relationships with people he has no way of meeting and then flog it -that takes more skills. and that of course is in addition to coming up with design ideas that will resonate with whatever market he has carved out. i ll tell you how al has things figured out -which is diametrically opposed to how designers usually do it; this may help solidify your thinking and reassure you . first he wants to know what market he should target. he s not thinking of this lovely design in his head and then wondering how he can make it and then sell it. once he can make a decision as to what market, he wants to know what he should make for them. you know, dresses, blouses, pants, whatever and what the market usually pays for stuff like this based on the kind of work he does and the fabric sources he thinks he can find preferably easily that dovetail with those price points. as an aside, this is why you don't have to worry about a contractor stealing your ideas. first they have no idea if they're worth anything and they wouldn't know how to talk to right people to get it sold. they don't have relationships with fabric suppliers mostly or stores anymore than any start up does. an idea all its own is close to worthless. all in all, it boils down to a crisis of confidence. whether you ve ever realized it or not, that is what designers largely provide -a degree of certainty even if it s only within themselves, a compulsion that the vision for their line has legs and are willing to go out there and find the customers who want it. us, we just follow along behind them and do what they say within limits of course but we don t determine the course much less know when a course correction is needed. that is uncertainty and risk we are mostly not familiar with. but back to al s question, what would i do? well, al and i aren t the same person but if i had the liberty to do exactly what i wanted, i d make blouses. oh i can design, i just tell you i can t so you don t think i m second guessing you or passing judgement on your ideas which i don t by the way . what i can t do easily is sell it which i know is not so different from many of you. i d pretty much do this pt. . so if i were al, i d hire a freelance designer with as much experience as i could afford -preferably at least years of industry experience. someone who isn t known to consumers but is well respected, well liked, has a solid reputation and great relationships with buyers for delivering saleable goods that turn quickly. alternatively, al could hire someone who is ambitious, someone driven to push the line through if only as a testament to themselves and work hard to pick up the skills they lack and of course, put in the hours to get the line sold. i ve never been a particularly ambitious person so i would be difficult to motivate. in production, you re used to things getting dropped so you learn to not become too attached to any pet design ideas. a designer must have some of that -although they must also learn to temper it with reality. as for which market to target, i m torn. i have a preference for women aged -because i think there is a lot of potential there. i d hit the bridge or better contemporary segment as far as price points go. a professional designer could do all of this. it s all research and relationships.
__label__non_math	1.0000	wearing: gap coat quick post before i head to new jersey to see my baaaaaby usher voice don't forget to enter pink pepper's contest to win one year supply of pink pepper shoes it ends this monday on new years eve
__label__non_math	1.0000	rpatz who? kristen stewart certainly brought her a-game to toronto last night, with bright pink lips, killer heels, a high ponytail and a stunning zuhair murad dress embellished with sequins and lace for the tiff premiere of on the road. considering it was her first appearance post-scandal, the sleek outfit did not disappoint. there may have been doubts leading up to her moment on the tiff red carpet, with many of the very dedicated fans who were camped outside ryerson theatre expressing worry that kristen stewart wouldn t actually show up. instead she was just a somewhat-fashionable hour late to tiff and slightly skittish in a i m really worried you re going to ask me about robert pattinson sort of way. no one did. and the fans were rewarded for their patience, as the star signed autographs and posed for pictures what could be better for a twilight fan than a kstew selfie? while walking the tiff red carpet. perhaps being flanked by her on the road co-stars, kristen dunst and garrett hedlund who are, to our delight, dating irl helped keep kristen stewart at ease? at the very least it kept her from switching into converse on the tiff red carpet. join the discussion neither the author nor fashion magazine necessarily agrees with the comments posted here. editors will not correct spelling or grammar. fashion magazine reserves the right to edit or delete comments entirely. brand new on fashion - eva longoria vs. rooney mara: who wore it best on day of the cannes film festival? - topshop has launched a music festival style collection with kate bosworth: see all topshop festival items now - rooney mara is the face of calvin klein s newest fragrance, downtown calvin klein - lana del rey s full fashion magazine cover shoot - summer : table of contents
__label__non_math	0.9999	jenni kayne - mercedes-benz fashion week spring new york the young l.a. designer, whose girly creations are loved and worn by hollywood starlets, chose to show her spring collection in a midtown penthouse, away from the busy tents. it was a smaller, cozier venue for a collection inspired by the 70s, which featured sundresses in bright yellow and blue ikat prints and vintage-looking gowns which alternated with tailored but comfy day pieces like cropped jackets, boyfriend blazers, and relaxed shorts worn with flat sandals. while a raglan-sleeve long gown worn with pearls and a few above-the-knee, sequined, and shimmery dresses looked to the past, kayne also showed clean grey and black pieces which gave the collection a modern flair. a glossy high-waisted skirt with a minimalist t-shirt, a belted short-sleeve dress in metallic silver, and a sharp-looking grey skirt-and-coat ensemble matched with a purple blouse were unexpectedly edgy pieces that showed kayne s creative range.
__label__non_math	0.9054	.: event log adding events to the application event log is as simple as abc with abceventlog. the only component to support multiple event types, event sources and both local and remote event logging. that's right - log events on your database server from your web server vb, asp, event, log, event log, whois tool is a client utility that communicates with whois servers located around the world to obtain domain registration information. whois supports ip address queries and automatically selects the appropriate whois server for ip addresses. this tool will lookup information on a domain, ip address, or a domain registration information . whois, network tool, network software, net tools, network monitoring, port scan, network utils, network security, port scanner, intrusion detection, ip2countryresolver allows you to identify the country by given ip address. if you are doing business on the internet and you want to know where your users are from, you've found the right place find country by ip address, network tool, network software, net tools, network monitoring, network utils, network security, port scanner, intrusion detection, event log, eventmeister is a powerful solution to centrally monitor and analyze windows event logs. it will alert you to security issues and other critical events throughout your network, facilitate central archiving of log data and assist with analysis and meeting audit requirements. as eventmeister is a centralized monitoring solution there is no need to install agents on monitored pc's and servers. event log monitoring, monitoring, event log, windows event log, log reder, log viewer, event notification, bho scanner gives you a quick look at the bhos installed on remote pc.it is known that the browser helper objects are loaded each time the browser is started up. some bhos are helpful, like the adobe acrobat or google, but there could be malicious ones among them that will harm your computer, especially those planted by viruses or spyware. bhoscanner allows you to discover browser helper objects of your computer including parasites and trojans. network tool, network software, net tools, network monitoring, hacking, port scan, network utils, network security, port scanner, intrusion detection, tail xp 220.127.116. ever wanted to follow a log file, capture debug messages or monitor syslog? then this product is for you tail, linux tail, log file, log viewer, outputdebugstring, event log, log, logs, track, changes, iecacheexplorer displays the details of all cookies that internet explorer stores on your computer and reads all information from the history file on your computer, displays the list of all urls that you have visited. it also allows you to clear history, delete cookies and temporary internet files. the tool is designed with a user-friendly interface and is easy to use. network tool, explorer, network software, net tools, network monitoring, port scan, network utils, network security, port scanner, intrusion detection, dnseye is monitoring network traffic by capturing domain name system dns packets in network and displays the host names resolve information. the program allows to monitor requested urls in network, to open it in browser and save captured dns name list in the file. the tool is designed with a user-friendly interface and is easy to use. dns, network tool, network software, net tools, network monitoring, port scan, network utils, network security, port scanner, intrusion detection, xstarter web pilot . xstarter is an advanced automation tool that allows system administrators to automate their repetitive tasks. the program uses its built-in scheduler to automate backups, file archiving, ftp synchronizing, starting specific applications, controlling their output and more. the web pilot edition includes a built-in web browser interface that allows you to deploy tasks to remote computers and control their execution. automation, scheduler, system utility, launcher, automate, dial up, dir event, macro, copy, coping, adventnet eventlog analyzer free edition . manageengine eventlog analyzer is a web-based, agent-less syslog and event log management solution that collects, archives, and reports on event logs from distributed windows host and, syslogs from unix hosts, routers and switches. it helps organizations meet host-based security event management sem objectives and adhere to demands of regulatory compliance requirements likes hipaa, sox, and glba . syslog, event logs, syslog monitor, hipaa compliance, sarbanes oxley compliance, glba compliance, event log monitoring, syslog monitoring, event log manager, event log, netsendfaker allows you to send anonymous net send messages to anyone that is connected to the network. you can also emulate messages as if they were sent from other computer. the tool is designed with a user-friendly interface and is easy to use. network tool, net send, network software, net tools, network monitoring, hacking, port scan, network utils, network security, port scanner, sharealarmpro is a network tool that allows network administrators and users easily perform a network shares monitoring. using sharealarmpro you can monitor users attempting to access secured shares and confidential files, detect and log network access to shared folders, monitor security events, monitor accessed files, disconnect users from open files or deny network users access, monitor sharing permission changes. shared folders, network monitoring, access detect, monitor, folder monitoring, network security, intrusion detection, event log, access monitoring, security events, this is a http traffic generator for testing web applications. you can specify the requests count and interval between two requests. the generated requests are sent to the specified url. it is a very simple and fast program which can simulate client activity. network tool, network software, net tools, hacking, port scan, network utils, network security, port scanner, intrusion detection, event log, remote task manager . with this program you can kill remote process, shutdown remote computer, change remote computers domain, view system information of remote computer, send message ,view event log of remote computer, start or stop services on remote computer remote task manager, process, shutdown, services, event log, event log watchdog . event log watchdog monitor's your windows event logs and notifies you via email or syslog when a new event is logged. you can define which event logs you wish to monitor and what types of events you wish to receive email notification of. event log, windows nt, windows , windows xp, utilities, smtp, monitor, browse pages:
__label__non_math	0.9735	running a website is a nerve-wracking business, because traffic on the web is so fickle: at co.design, the difference between a superb month and an average one can be a single hit on stumbleupon. so i knew the power that the social-bookmarking site has. but i had no idea that their influence was so unbelievably huge until i saw this infographic by column five. simply put, stumbleupon is a roaming traffic monster, able to make or break content all across the web. for those you that don t know stumbleupon, it s essentially a browser add-on, which adds a button allowing you to "stumble upon" a random site that s geared to your interests. these are built over time, as the add-on tracks which sites you liked and didn t like. therein lies the power of the service: unlike something like reddit or digg or even facebook, stumbleupon is like a web-based slot machine, where every pull of the lever should theoretically yield another jackpot. it offers instant gratification while eliminating the stress of choosing what you want to read. and that little bit of social engineering has been unbelievably successful: that s right: stumbleupon drives more traffic than facebook, reddit, twitter, digg, and linkedin--combined. granted, the numbers for twitter are probably artificially low, since so many people use outside url shorteners and twitter clients to manage their feeds. and part of the magic is contained in that very last chart above: a link in stumbleupon isn t nearly as transitory as those on facebook or twitter. because stumbleupon keeps loading interesting links that you haven t seen no matter how old they are, it revives older content in a way that facebook and twitter simply cannot. the next part of the chart expands on that point: now, you would expect that because finding a site on stumbleupon is simply a matter of pushing a button, people wouldn t last very long on each site. after all, they re expecting instant amusement, and if they don t get it, they ll just push the button again. but the stumbleupon algorithm is exceptionally good at finding things you ll like--and that point is proven by the fact that people actually spend more time on stumbleupon links than the average web page: if i could sacrifice to the gods of stumbleupon, i would.
__label__non_math	0.9792	i just tuned in to jamie oliver's ted prize acceptance talk on cnn.com and got involved in a lively debate with my chef significant other, john, about this: can one man's words transform the way america eats? in summary, oliver's wish was as follows: "i wish for your help to create a strong, sustainable movement to educate every child about food, inspire families to cook again and empower people everywhere to fight obesity." the sustainable food movement in the u.s. is starting to take off in major metropolitan areas, but are we at a tipping point at which we'll actually start making significant improvements? forever the pr person, i represent the "pro" side of the argument: words supported by the needed actions can change our world. jamie oliver has the celeb firepower and connections needed to raise awareness of the horrifying food problem our nation is facing right now. books like fast food nation and movies like food, inc. seem to reach a demographic of people who already care and are motivated to change the current food crisis. however, "mainstreaming" the sustainable food cause needs to happen on network tv, with known personalities, in communities that need to learn how to manage long-term, transformative change. i firmly believe that the right message, stated in the right way, to the right audience has the power to make a difference. representing the more cynical side is john, the actual food practitioner between the two of us. i burn things and over-salt, which does not qualify me as an expert in the cooking department. he orders his meat from a company, niman ranch, which touts sustainable, humane farming practices. the other day he recieved a cut of corned beef that expired. in . in his opinion, food companies can talk about being sustainable, but the bottom line will always get in the way of good intentions. the only way to know exactly where your food is coming from is to get it from a farm or grow raise it yourself, which unfortunately is not a possibility for the majorty of folks in the u.s. so how to create a "sustainable" option that is truly scalable to the masses remains a big question mark. deeper than our conversation lies the problem: messages, words, and even proper education are great, but can the "big food" companies step up and be transparent about the way they source and process our food, and will we be equipped with the tools to know the difference between clever labeling and reality?
__label__non_math	0.9977	vinopolis contact number we sourced this number for free here. fastphonenumber.co.uk connects you through to the telephone number immediately. calls are charged at 10p per minute. more vinopolis address contact details vinopolis bank end, london, se1 9bu rate your phone call experience and add a review please select a star rating for the phone call you made to vinopolis. star you do not recommend. stars you highly recommend. by using our directory service, you are dialling one of our low cost phone numbers and not the of vinopolis telephone number found on their contact details page. our phone numbers cost 10p per minute from a landline, maybe more from a mobile device. we are not associated, nor affiliated with any of the companies featured on fastphonenumber.co.uk, but act simply as a fast and effective telephone directory service. fastphonenumber.co.uk aims to wholly comply with legislation provided by phonepayplus and ofcom to ensure our service is fully understood, fairly priced and fast . more details about our website can be found in the about us section. you are currently viewing the vinopolis phone number which in most cases will connect you to the vinopolis customer services department. if you require a different department, please feel free to use the pop up box in the bottom right of this page and give us some feedback on our contact numbers. to search for other uk telephone numbers and call centre helplines, please use the search box at the top of the page. is there a way i can call and speak to vinopolis for free? you would need to call them on a phone number. phone calls are free from uk landlines, but not from mobile networks. ofcom introduced numbers, such as to make calling from mobiles cost the same as and . most consumers will agree these numbers are incredibly tricky to find, and that is if they exist at all. you can call vinopolis right now on 703 . reviews for vinopolis customer services no reviews yet for vinopolis. be the first to review this company
__label__math	0.6343	image browser, converter and editor that supports all major graphic formats including bmp, jpeg, jpeg , gif, png, pcx, tiff, wmf, ico, tga and camera raw files. it has a nice array of features such as image viewing, management, comparison, red-eye removal, emailing, resizing, cropping, color adjustments, musical slideshow and much more.
__label__non_math	0.9994	fall must-dos for high school students check out what you need to get accomplished during your first semester. by kathryn knight randolph high school juniors you would think that the senior year would be the most scrutinized during the college admissions process, but you would be wrong about that. admission officers are really looking at the junior year. after all, when you submit your application as a senior, they only have a few months to look at; whereas the junior year provides a bigger, better picture. this first semester, focus on the sat and act. start practicing with sample tests. read literary classics for reading comprehension and for examples to draw from in your writing prompts. and on that note, write a lot. the more you write, the better it gets. journal each day or just write letters to friends. either way, practice, practice, practice. begin compiling a list of colleges you re interested in, if you haven t already the perfect place to keep your list is right here on fastweb check out my colleges . throughout the semester, research these schools online, and it s not too soon to even check out some of these campuses in person. also, make sure you have a little variety to your list. don t pick five schools that you might get into. pick a school that is a reach for you as well as a school that s a sure thing. fill in the rest of your list with colleges that fall in between those two. high school seniors ok, high school juniors have a lot of work to do, but that doesn t mean you re off the hook. at this point in the game, you need to give yourself that list-minute boost that enables you to stand out from the rest of the applicants. that means performing better than you ever have in classes and being a proven leader through your extracurricular activities. though you ve done a lot of the foundational work during your high school career, now is the time to shine. make campus visits to the schools you really love. show them your high level of interest by sitting in on a class, meeting with an admissions officer and even staying overnight in one of the dorms. admission officers aren t just looking at grades and sat scores at this point; they re also looking for committed students. finally, get organized with your applications. deadlines occur as soon as october so reach out to teachers for letters of recommendation now. find essays that accurately reflect your writing style or begin working on a designated college application writing sample. put the finishing touches on your visual arts portfolio if you have one. essentially, make sure you have every component, and that it has been looked over with a fine tooth comb to ensure that admission offices are receiving a perfect application from you. and for everyone out there, regardless of your grade level in high school, begin your scholarship search now what else do you have on your to-do list for this fall?
__label__non_math	0.9902	steps all athletes can take to win an athletic scholarship recruits are always wondering what they can to do improve their recruiting process. here are steps that all recruits can take to get one step closer to an athletic scholarship opportunity. in no particular order . be aggressive. don t contact a coach one time and give up if you don t hear back. email a coach and wait a few weeks. if you don t hear back from them in -weeks, try calling. if you get a voicemail, leave a message and also send an email. reach out up to different times and if a coach doesn t respond after those attempts, then move on from that school. . bring up visiting a school to that coach. don t wait for them to bring it up to you. . use all the help you can get. talk to your high school and club coaches and outside sources. they can help you with any connections and relationships they might have. most parents do not have a network of college coaches but trusted sources might. . don t rely too much on email. a personalized note or handwritten letter could go a long way towards separating you from other recruits. . give more than just word answers to coaches show them your personality . when visiting a school, remember that the current players are reporting back to the coaches so be cautious of what you say and how you handle yourself. also, take advantage of the opportunity and ask them about the coach, school, program etc. why did they choose this school over others? . the athlete should email a coach his her information before just calling a coach. definitely a good thing for them to be calling the coaches and being proactive but don t just cold call coaches they need to have some information on you before giving them a call. . coaches are recruiting you not your parents. be sure to manage all of the communications. . college coaches talk to one another maintain respectful and professional communication with all coaches. . college coaches want to see varsity level film this helps them create a better evaluation based on the level of play. . coaches don t want music and all of the fluff that is on most highlight videos. . make sure that you have an appropriate voicemail greeting and email address to give to coaches you don t want to give coaches an email like email or have music playing for minutes on your voicemail greeting. . make sure you have an appropriate photo on your scouting report. coaches don t need to see you taking a picture of yourself in the mirror. . you should contact a coach before any visit to a school. . you should contact a coach before and after going to a camp to ensure an evaluation. . take advantage of the calling rules. coaches cannot call you or return your phone calls, and you will get vms quite frequently use this to your advantage. you may get a lot of voicemails, but leave a message. when you leave the message, tell them exactly when you will call back. this will do two things for you: better chance of getting on the phone with the coach. good idea of where you are on the recruiting board. if you are high, you better believe the coach will be at his desk when you call in again . . do not wait for a coach to contact you initiate the contact. . when you open an email from a coach, make sure you respond within -hours. college coaches can track and see when you ve opened the email, so if you do not respond for a week or two, you will not be taken serious. . talk to some older athletes who have been there . it helps so much to learn from athletes about what playing in college at different levels is actually like. athletes are shocked sometimes when they show up for d1 programs and were not aware of how much it actually entailed. . ask the coach the tough questions about where you fit in. just because he throws a little money your way does not mean he expects you to come in and start as a freshman . learn how the financial aid process works and estimate your efc. . talk with financial aid offices at each school you are in contact with. your goal should be to receive as much aid athletic or otherwise to help offset the cost of attending college. . you should research at least schools a month. . you should fill out on-line questionnaires at schools you are interested in. . start thinking about these topics when it comes to schools, size, type, location, distance from home, cost, student population, majors, requirements, athletics and events, activities, special programs and your gut feeling. . learn about the ncaa contact rules. . learn about the ncaa eligibility center. . understand what different associations have to offer you: ncaa, naia, njcaa, nccaa, cccaa, nwaacc. . get an evaluation from a trusted source before you spend time targeting the wrong schools. . ask coaches what their recruiting timeline is. . ask where you stand on a coach s list. . ask if the coach can waive your application fee. . learn how to get over your nerves when speaking with coaches. remember, they want to hear from you and you have to separate yourself from thousands of other student-athletes around the country. . prioritize your time. a college coach needs student-athletes who can balance their schedule now. if you can t do it now, how will you do it in college? . visit local colleges to get a feel for what a campus is like it is cheap and helpful join the ncsa athletic recruiting network by building a free recruiting profile to help you connect with college coaches click here
__label__non_math	0.9996	retail price: . normally . off suggested retail...you save . item: ch006 quantity on hand: click logo for more roy toy's largest, most versatile playset. combining three roy toy sets to create an excellent package. this 250 piece deluxe log building set includes pieces from: log cabin, farm tree house sets. your kids will be overjoyed with the overabundance of building supplies. building pleasure for kids of all ages. the 250 piece deluxe log building set by roy toy offers fabulous building enticement. the classic canvas sack is packed with solid pine logs in red, yellow natural; green roof planks red gables. you'll know the reason for its longevity a classic since the 's when you pour out the pieces see the difference in design construction . . . years ago, roy dennison grew tired of seeing his grandchildren play with round logs that failed to fit together well watched with dismay as their cabins shifted collapsed. those falling buildings ignited a man's passion-and a classic american tradition was born. wooden building toys improved immensely. roy toy became a hallmark of american toy innovation. a tighter, interlocking fit to logs made buildings more sound realistic and provided his grandchildren countless other children with hours of fun. some things never change. today's children love the stability versatility of roy toy original log building sets. promoting planning, logical thinking, problem-solving, creativity self-confidence; these simple, straightforward toys are fun for all ages. a classic toy made of all wood pieces - solid pine logs in red, yellow natural; green roof planks red gables. 250 pieces in heavy-duty canvas bag with roy toy insignia. the new york times called it a "keeping-it-simple toy." and the roy toy deluxe set made in america. . .does just that. keeping it simple, keeping it fun. your kids will love building with roy toy playsets. roy toy deluxe real wood building set includes pieces from log cabin, farm and tree house sets 250 all real wood pieces solid pine logs in red, yellow natural; green roof planks red gables safe durable american made toys attractive, heavy-duty canvas bag with roy toy insignia complete with building instructions note: this set is not compatible with classic lincoln logs as one of the top online toy retailers, we have access to unprecendented quantities of product review data. one of the key ways that we use this data is by associating our products to the specific ages and genders of the kids who are playing with them. whereas most retailers must rely upon manufacturer suggested ages i.e. , we take actual customer usage and share it with you here so that you can choose the perfect toy or game. but how does this help me? you can use these graphs as a general measure of it's appropriateness for a given age and gender. while this information is generally accurate, it should not be used as an absolute answer. for instance, many dinosaur toys are purchased for boys, however, that doesn't mean that it's inappropriate for a girl who happens to like dinosaurs. note: the orange color in the charts above indicate ages that are less than the manufacturer suggested age. please purchase at your discretion if your child is younger than years of age. identified special needs challenges: autism "once we showed our daughter the basic format for constructing an object she continued on her own and was very successful. she constructed several objects with little assistance. it helps develop her fine motor skills." my rating of deluxe log building set posted by eileen these are an excellent way to teach building, balance and creativity in both boys and girls. even the adults can get involved and not be bored. it isn't a noisy endless toy. just make sure you keep the pieces away from the dog. they like them too. made in usa - deluxe building set posted by johnson house numerous things to build and all wrapped up in a nice canvas bag. this product is made of real wood and made in usa. the items are sturdy and plenty of pieces. it was a gift for our almost yr. old son who loves to build things out of anything a rating of deluxe log building set posted by doreen s. the log building set arrived in plenty of time for christmas and was in a wonderful storage bag. my grandson has been building "cabins" ever since and is very happy with the set. i will certainly be looking for more gifts on fat brain toys website in the future. thank you for your reliable services. information about deluxe log building set posted by frances schroeder fantastic set of building blocks some alternate spelling variations of this product: building toys, building toy, construction toy, construction toys, log building toys, log toys, wooden toy, wooden toys, wood toy, wood toys, roys toys, roy toy, roy toy log cabin, log cabin toys, log cabin, roy toy building, how much will shipping cost? we offer .for the entire order when will it be shipped? this product is in stock and will ship next business day.
__label__non_math	1.0000	sign up for our newsletter: receive our newsletter every monday and friday with news on the latest quilting fabric, quilt kits and specials manchaca, tx toll free: -866-826-
__label__non_math	0.9999	following: holfraz's own diet performance: gaining .lb a week i no longer weigh 140 lbs. since i discovered this fatsecret site about months ago, i have lost an additional lbs. and now currently weigh 129. thanks to being able to easily account for all of my calories on this site, i am thinner than i've ever been before my journey is far from over. i am always researching, studying, and learning new things; and i am constantly getting knowledge, motivation, and inspiration from the other members on fatsecret. i am also always eager to help everyone else achieve thier weight loss goals.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the destination for online hats-all teams, all styles, all brands. lids has the greatest selection of sport, fashion and collegiate hats in the latest designs and trends. choose hats from the hottest brands and profiles, with the accessories and apparel you need to complete your look. whether you need the perfect style, the perfect fit or the perfect gift, lids.com has your hatsmore earn cash back while you shop - just simple steps. . sign up so we know who to pay . shop through fatwallet for deals from your favorite stores. your online purchases earn cash back that builds in your fatwallet account. . get paid by requesting a payment via check or paypal. fatwallet coupons help you save more when shopping online. use our coupons search to browse coupons and offers from thousands of stores, gathered into one convenient location. as part of our fatwallet community, you can share deals with almost a million shoppers in our forums. forum content is generated by consumers for consumers. share deals, money-saving tips, and more. it's free, fun, and addicting. our customer experience team is here around the clock - real people ready to assist.
__label__non_math	0.6154	the lg motion 4g lte is a great phone it was a very good deal with unlimited data , even with the unlimited talk text and web with 500 megs 4g plan. when the phone was rebate and a month no family, month with family discount . the lg motion 4g that i have is actually better than the advertised specs: they advertise a dual core .ghz chip. per different benchmarks on both my phone and my brothers', it is a dual core .ghz chip powering this phone. i have yet to come across an app this phone can't run well. it has ics, gorilla glass, a front and rear facing camera with flash, and decent battery life. my options were between this and the virgin mobile htc evo v... i chose this phone, because metropcs has 4g lte in my area, while virgin mobile does not have 4g wimax in my area. also, metropcs offers visual voicemail, which is very important for me, while virgin mobile does not, at any price... the only real downside is that this phone's resolution leaves a little to be desired, and if you are into bigger phone screen sizes, you are out of luck. i would highly recomend against samsung phones, unless they are top tier phones, like the galaxy sii or galaxy siii. their top end stuff is great, but their mid tier stuff is of poor quality. they are using old software with older slower technology. even this deal, the admire's specs are nowhere near as attractive as the motion. on a side note: metropcs does not use either t-mobile or verizon towers. they use pcs cdma towers, that is a different technology. if anything, they probably share with sprint, whose prepaid network like boost and virgin also use pcs cdma for 3g and voice. t-mobile is in the process of purchasing metropcs. in the future, this should allow for more bandwidth shared for each provider, but only time will tell.
__label__non_math	1.0000	whether you are looking for towel bars and rings for your kitchen or bathroom, the range provided by moen will have something to match the existing d cor of your room. moen towel bars and rings are coordinated with the range of moen faucets for creating equilibrium in your bathroom or kitchen. moen towel bars and rings come in a variety of shapes and finishes, ranging from pewter and polished brass to chrome with acrylic accents. some of the available styles include contemporary minimalist, traditional, modern and classic. all men towel bars and rings come with a limited lifetime warranty.
__label__non_math	0.9999	follow us on facebook get updates from favecrafts.com posted directly to your news feed. thanks for signing up hanging stained glass mosaic we are adding the craft to your craft projects. the project was added to your craft projects. decor craft ideas don't have to be boring or generic. use colorful glass pebbles to create a hanging stained glass mosaic from candace jedrowicz that you can display in front of a window. when the sun shines through, the pebbles' colors truly stand out. for a comprehensive video tutorial of this project, check out how to make a spa inspired see through mosaic. top decorating ideas projects
__label__non_math	0.9951	let rich fall colors help you get a head-start on your autumn decor with these simple, yet stunning candlesticks. create beautiful and elegant designs in a slab of wood with this elegant wood burned plaque. you can use these wooden decorations as wall art, trivets, or even engraved gifts for weddings or anniversaries. trend-setting wall decor is yours with painted wood monogram letters. this wood footstool is perfect for the imaginative child in your life. they'll love the adorable details in this fit for a little princess footstool. this perpetual wood calendar uses wood blocks with the month and two blocks for the day. a ladybug theme ties into a matching ladybug notebook and pen. the perfect homemade desk set. cool shades of acrylic paint and scrapbook paper combine to create a pretty perch with a monogrammed seat. this photo block and tile tutorial shows how to make photo blocks and how to make photo tiles. they can be displayed on a table or dresser and are sure to impress your guests if you like simple pieces with simple geometric shapes and are always looking for more storage space, this bookcase will be a stylish and functional fit. she can rock to her heart's content in this strawberry-decked child's rocker. create this striking accent table in a snap with home decor paints.
__label__non_math	1.0000	faviana is a celebrated evening wear designer who has distinguished themselves over the years as a leader in the industry for being able to create the perfect designer evening dresses, prom dress , and special occasion dresses. designed with the fashion smart girl in mind, faviana speaks to a variety of discerning, fashion forward consumers. faviana glamour is the brand s premier, signature line, catering to the fashion forward woman who appreciates value and style. actress and fashionista, ashley benson, has signed on as the fashion face of faviana. choose from a wide selection of party dresses, prom dresses, and short dresses. faviana can be seen in top publications such as instyle, us weekly, entertainment weekly, and featured regularly on e
__label__non_math	0.9983	facebook sex tips that will get you more dates through fb most guys are clueless when it comes to getting sex with facebook hotties. they fuck up, they fuck up again and again. and they keep making the exact same mistakes over and over again and, as a result, they rarely, if ever, end up on a date with a girl whom they ve met on facebook. since you re reading this i m guessing you re one of them. i ll give you simple fb dating tips that will help you score more dates and sex with ease. follow these tips, and you ll already be on your way to more success with the facebook ladies. . create conversation opportunity . women will rarely approach you first, not just in real life, but on facebook as well. some guys have it better, others don t. this does not mean that you should always approach first no, you shouldn t, actually. what you should do is behave in a way that will make it very, very easy for women that are interested in you to start an interaction. basically a girl that s interested in you will give you a certain sign and you should learn what these signs are, what they mean and how to use them to your dating advantage . but a girl can not, and will not give you a sign if it is too hard for her to start it. that s why you should do your best to make it easy for women to show you if they re interested. create conversation opportunities so that you ll easily spot the women that like you. and, well with them, it s easy all you have to do is not fuck up. okay so, how do i create these opportunities? i can already hear some of you asking. simply do something. you need to have relevant activity on your facebook profile that can get her to approach you. the best part is that this is like fishing just on facebook, and not for fish, but women . you basically throw in a hook and wait till some girl bites. or even better the fish that you want to bite. yes, that s possible as well . try to find out more about this girl assuming that she has already accepted your friends request then post relevant similar content on your facebook profile. music, pictures where you re doing something, status updates, quotes whatever. start a conversation, and wait till she joins in the discussion. then just wait for the fish to bite. they will. . boost your attractiveness level. look at yourself as a product. hot girls are rich girls in this metaphor . they can choose between different products, many different products. they basically have a ton of products guys to choose from. what you have to do is make yourself unique and better than your competition. that s not that hard as there are more hot girls out there than good products. basically make your product amazing and more women hot women will want to buy you. find out what your market wants. . research it a bit. here are a few sure tips. a be more popular a guy that has a lot of friends has them for a reason he s a cool guy . don t have fake friends etc. but naturally be more social, go out into the real life and make friends, connections, interact with people. when you are more influential socially and have more contacts, you are more powerful, and therefore, more attractive. women scan your profile and they immediately see how other people regard you. b have a stronger identity personality you are what you do most of the time. so do something worthwhile. if you are just a dude you re not so attractive. build a stronger identity or personality. have something that makes you stand out in a good way . it can be anything. a sense of humor, education, career, looking good, having a sense of style, whatever. find out what works for you and become the best at that. you can test the strength of your identity personality by finding out how people describe you when somebody else talks about you. think about that one, and improve your image. c get more women. the more the merrier. really if more women interact on your facebook profile like your shit, leave comments, post on your wall etc. other women potential future girlfriends see that. and if they see that other hot girls like what you say, and laugh at your bullshit they ll treat you accordingly. so get some traffic to your profile, but don t be over-active on facebook. it s important that a woman can see that you are not on facebook every single fucking day. get a life. . take initiative the right way some of you guys are just waiting for a girl to fall from the sky. waiting won t help much, and it certainly won t get you laid. patience is very important but you have to take initiative. give it a try. i m not saying you should attack women all day long and send 200 friends requests, for god s sake don t do that. it s just that you need balance. some guys take zero initiative and some guys are harassing women on facebook, boring the shit out of them and bragging and other crap they just end up getting ignored or rejected. how do you take initiative the right way? start a conversation with girls that you know have at least some interest in you. basically if a girl pokes you, likes something, comments, sends you a message etc. it does not mean that she already wants to have sex with you you can find out more about testing her interest level and other facebook sex tips in my guide by clicking here. or go jerk off to their pictures while somebody else has hot sex with them. it s your choice. you know how they say if you don t score the goals, somebody else will.
__label__non_math	0.9990	chairman's remarks on cybersecurity at centcom conference prepared remarks of fcc chairman genachowski centcom conference: advancing cyber security through regional november , 2012now let me talk for a few minutes about the fcc s efforts on cybersecurity. tackling the challenges to network and internet security is extremely important. it s so important because the benefits and opportunities of the internet are so great. broadband internet over wired and wireless networks has transformed our economy and society, opening up a new world of uncharted opportunity. eight trillion are exchanged over these wired and wireless networks each year, and growing. the internet is driving productivity gains, economic growth, and job creation. if you shut down the internet, you d shut down our economy. that's increasingly true around the world. the internet presents vast new opportunities, but also new dangers. the challenge is to tackle the dangers without undermining the opportunities. it s not an easy challenge. one of the first steps, i think, is to break down the challenge into categories that allow for meaningful discussion and problem solving. one division of the threats is into three categories of networks. the first is government-owned networks. the second is the networks that sustain vertical industries like financial services and our energy grid. and the third area is commercial networks, wired and wireless, which are what most people are using every day to send e-mails, pay bills, or shop online. commercial networks are also increasingly integrated with the second category vertical networks of critical infrastructure. at the fcc we ve been engaged in all three areas. for example, we ve been advising both the white house and congress on various cybersecurity matters, including legislation that's been in front of primarily, we ve been focused on the third category commercial networks. as the nation s expert agency on communications networks and technology, the fcc has always had as a fundamental part of our mission the security and reliability of commercial communications networks. so what is the fcc doing proactively to make our commercial broadband networks more secure? let me start with one example of how doing relatively easy things - what we call "low hanging fruit" - can have a big impact. i m talking about helping small businesses improve their security. don t let the name fool you. small businesses are a huge part of the u.s. economy. they employ more than half of all private sector workers. increasingly, small businesses depend on broadband internet to reach customers and boost productivity. but in the u.s., of small businesses don t have cybersecurity protection plans. and too many u.s. small businesses are not doing obvious things to guard against cyber attacks, such as encrypting their wi- fi networks or better password protection. so the fcc helped build a coalition that included government partners like the small business administration, non-government organizations like the u.s. chamber of commerce and the national urban league, and several major private technology companies to try to tackle this problem. working together, this group has develop easy-to-use tools and resources to help small businesses protect themselves from cyber attacks, including basic materials with easy-to- understand steps small businesses could take to improve their security and derive the many benefits of being online. now i d like to talk in a little more detail about a significant multistakeholder initiative the fcc drove last year. this involved internet service providers and many others. the goal was to identify and tackle concrete, high priority security challenges. last year, i tasked a coalition of fcc partners and stakeholders with making recommendations to help address three concrete challenges that our work, and the work of others, had identified: botnets, internet route hijacking, and domain name fraud. this was a deliberate choice. i didn t give the general charge of tackling cybersecurity. i gave this group three concrete areas in which we wanted progress and solutions. i encourage this approach to others. i fear that a boil-the-ocean approach is less likely to lead to material real-world progress. the group that developed these solutions is the fcc s communications security, reliability, and interoperability council or csric. csric is an advisory council to the fcc that is made up of industry leaders, academics, engineers, and federal partners. this council and its predecessors have been working on cyber security issues for some time. in fact, in , the council then called the network reliability and interoperability council was one of the first federal entities to develop cybersecurity csric s current membership includes companies working every day to build and expand internet infrastructure and services, from verizon and comcast to amazon and paypal. it includes outside experts state and local public safety entities. early in , csric issued a series of smart, practical recommendations on the three issues i on botnets, csric developed a voluntary u.s. anti-bot code of conduct to reduce the threat of bots in residential broadband networks. the code includes steps to better detect bots in customer computers, and to notify consumers when their computers have been infected. it includes steps to remediate bots, including educating consumers so that users can look for signs that their computers are being used as on domain name fraud, csric endorsed new steps toward implementing expert-designed security improvements to the domain name system dnssec. in particular, csric recommended that isps use dnssec to give their customers the ability to validate the services they use on the internet. for example, isps that implement csric s recommendations will be providing customers with the means to verify the authenticity of websites they visit. on internet route hijacking, the csric report called on network operators to develop and adopt new technical standards that will secure internet routing. the standards would establish an authoritative registry that will enable isps to validate the authenticity of routing information, securing the foundations of trust between networks, which has been so essential to the internet s success. csric laid out a concrete plan for action in three key areas, and we were able to accomplish more than that. in conjunction with issuance of the csric report, isps that serve roughly of the country s internet users committed to implementing the recommendations. in all of our work to enhance online security, we have made sure these efforts are consistent with key values that have fueled the internet s growth and success. one of those values is internet freedom. both president obama and secretary of state clinton have spoken about how the open architecture of the internet and the free flow of information online have been essential to the internet s success as an engine of innovation, economic growth, and democracy. privacy is a similarly vital principle. the notion that we face a fundamental divide between privacy and security is a false choice. privacy and security are complementary both are essential to consumer confidence in the internet and to adoption of broadband. we can and must improve online security while protecting individuals privacy. in the u.s., we ve found that a key part of the recipe for driving investment and innovation that unleash new opportunities and greater prosperity is moving strongly to address security concerns, while always remaining true to these guiding principles. of course, technology continues to change, consumer behaviors continue to evolve, and new cyber threats will develop. looking ahead, an increasingly important area that we re focusing on is securing advanced mobile devices, including smartphones. worldwide, more people are getting online with mobile devices than with pcs. consumers are increasingly installing different types of apps on their smart devices and browsing mobile websites, while most are unaware of the potential risks created by their behavior and the best practices to mitigate them. consequently, we're concerned that consumers are generally not taking adequate precautions against the threats that can harm their devices and exploit the information on their devices. these mobile devices we use to help run our lives and businesses are really just mobile computers. we need to be thinking about how to make sure the risks to our pcs like botnets don t make their way onto our smartphones and tablets. the fcc will be announcing concrete steps to tackle this issue in the in each of these areas, we are working through a similar, highly effective model that i believe can be applied broadly: recruiting top talent to the fcc to focus on these issues, coordinating with multiple stakeholders, charging them with solving concrete problems, and honoring core internet values we want when we talk about coordinating with multiple stakeholders, we're talking about two buckets. first, it is essential that government collaborate with the private sector to solve these challenges. second, inter-agency collaboration is essential. we re applying this collaborative approach in other critical public safety situations, aside from for example, the fcc recently supported america s federal emergency management agency fema and other government agencies in response to hurricane sandy, which devastated parts of new york and the new jersey coastline, reporting daily on the state of the communications networks in the affected and it's the same collaborative model we used after the devastating earthquake in haiti in , where we worked in close coordination with fema, the branches of the u.s. military, and private companies to quickly restore communications to communities that had been cut off. i had a good conversation with brigadier general baker last week about the importance of taking a similar approach in other areas - for example, cable landing stations, which are often controlled by private licensees, are also vital pieces of security infrastructure, and are often underprotected. we must work together collaboratively to tackle challenges like this. i mentioned that in developing strategies to tackle cyber threats we have sought to protect the key values that have fueled the internet s growth and success. i d like to close by discussing next month s world conference of international telecommunications in dubai, which poses real challenges to these values. as you know, that conference will be reviewing the international telecommunication regulations, and cybersecurity issues have become a focus of discussion. since the 1990s, opening up global telecommunications markets to greater competition and private investment, and embracing a multi-stakeholder model of internet governance has helped fuel massive deployment of communications infrastructure, contributing significantly to economic growth, job creation, and new opportunities in areas like health and education around the world. the bipartisan position of the u.s. government is that the multi-stakeholder, market-based and consumer- driven model for international telecommunications and the internet is working and will continue to be the best engine for growth and opportunity in these sectors, all over the world. the u.s. supports, and will work for, continued growth and expansion of a vibrant, competitive international communications and internet sector. this will contribute to more innovation, entrepreneurship and economic growth, creating opportunity all over the world. this is why we remain concerned about ongoing discussions about cybersecurity in the context of wcit. cyber threats are a growing issues, but one that is being addressed in a variety of multistakeholder fora. calls to add cybersecurity provisions in the international telecommunication regulations are misplaced and ultimately counterproductive. international regulations are simply too broad, too inflexible, and too slow to change to effectively address cybersecurity issues. and any attempt to draft a one-size-fits-all text could easily do more harm than good. we believe it is important to have a successful wcit, and we want to encourage other administrations to seek consensus and avoid extreme positions. we believe the conference should take a pragmatic, flexible, and real-world approach. on a final note, we at the fcc believe that the whole world benefits when countries work together to promote core ideas like competition, the free flow of data, and secure networks pillars of the digital economy that drive economic growth, new opportunities, and global prosperity. we also recognize that we have common challenges when it comes to seizing the opportunities of the digital age: challenges around broadband adoption and deployment, and maximizing the benefits of broadband in areas like health care, education, and public safety. this is not a zero-sum game. we can learn from one another and all can benefit. that s why we are committed to greater transparency at our agency, and making information about our policies and practices available online. and why we have also dedicated significant time and resources to direct engagement with our foreign counterparts, and the ongoing exchange of information. i m proud to say that we are actively engaged with your region as we have hosted delegations from bahrain, egypt, iraq, jordan, oman, qatar, saudi arabia, united arab emirates, and yemen during the last two years. we have a very active international visitor s program and we look forward to continuing our full engagement with the region. working together, i am confident we can make a real difference in increasing the security of the internet and harnessing its enormous opportunities. i look forward to continuing what has been a tremendously note: we are currently transitioning our documents into web compatible formats for easier reading. we have done our best to supply this content to you in a presentable form, but there may be some formatting issues while we improve the technology. the original version of the document is available as a pdf, word document, or as plain text.
__label__non_math	0.9991	federal communications commission news media information 202 418- 445 12th street, s.w. washington, d. c. this is an unofficial announcement of commission action. release of the full text of a commission order constitutes official action. see mci v. fcc. 515 f 2d 385 d.c. circ . for immediate release: news media contact: mark wigfield, 202-418- fcc launches competition to identify the best ways to increase broadband adoption among low-income winners will receive funding for lifeline pilot projects that test how best to increase adoption of high-speed internet among low-income americans, a group with strikingly low adoption levels washington, d.c. for the first time ever and as a result of tens of millions in savings from reform of its lifeline program the federal communications commission is launching a competition to discover the best ways to increase broadband adoption rates among low-income americans. the competition is funded by the newly created broadband adoption lifeline pilot program. it builds on the connect to compete initiative, a public-private partnership aimed at helping to close the broadband adoption gap that was launched by the commission last year. robust, affordable broadband has become essential to access jobs, education and economic opportunity. for example, more than percent of fortune 500 companies today including wal-mart and target require online job applications. and students with broadband at home have a percent higher graduation according to a recent study by the pew research center, the top three barriers to broadband adoption include digital literacy, relevancy and cost. low-income households adopt broadband at much lower rates than the average household, even when access to high-speed internet is readily available. according to the u.s. census bureau, fewer than percent of families with incomes less than ,000 subscribe to broadband at home, compared to nearly percent of families with incomes over ,000. this competition uses million in savings from major reforms earlier this year of the lifeline program to launch pilot projects across the country to test best practices around issues of cost, digital literacy and relevancy. a public notice released today announces criteria for the competition and a deadline of july , for applications. winners will begin their year-long projects in the fall of this year. the pilot will gather high-quality data that will guide long-term efforts to increase broadband adoption among low-income americans. applicants must be telecommunications carriers eligible to participate in lifeline. but they are encouraged to partner with existing broadband adoption programs as well as schools, libraries, state and local governments, non-profits and others. the winners will reflect a diversity of geographic areas rural, urban , technologies fixed, mobile , and service plans. at least one project will explore providing support on tribal lands. wireline competition bureau staff contact: garnet hanly at 202-418- news about the federal communications commission can also be found
__label__non_math	1.0000	food safety for moms to be: highlights - entertaining all year also available in spanish en espa ol whether you're hosting or attending a shower, pot-luck dinner, birthday party, school fair, or other social event - they all involve food preventing foodborne illness is easy as... for more information about the simple steps to food safety, see lifelong food safety. first things first always wash your hands thoroughly with soap and warm water before and after handling food. safe food handling for social events make food safety the center of your entertaining activities during your pregnancy and beyond steps to safe food shopping - separate raw meat, poultry, and seafood from other foods in your grocery shopping cart and your grocery bags. raw juices from these foods can contain harmful bacteria, which can spread to other foods. consider placing these raw foods inside plastic bags to keep the juices contained. - don't purchase foods if the "sell by" date has passed. - transport food home right away and refrigerate perishables immediately to prevent any bacteria from rapidly growing in the food. - when the weather's hot, place groceries in the air-conditioned passenger compartment of your car rather than the hot trunk. bacteria can multiply rapidly at high temperatures. don't include these foods on your shopping list. they're not safe for you or your unborn baby. this bacterium that can be particularly harmful to you and your unborn baby and can be found in these foods: ways to safely defrost frozen foods - in the refrigerator. cold temperatures keep most harmful bacteria from multiplying. - in cold water. change the water every half-hour to keep the water cold. - using the microwave, but cook the food immediately after it's defrosted. note: don't defrost foods at room temperature. bacteria can grow in the "danger zone," the range of temperatures usually between and 140 f and c . be creative and tempt your party guests with an array of fun platters, but keep food selections safe. here's how: - heating foods to the right temperature for the proper amount of time kills harmful bacteria, so cook meat, poultry, fish, and eggs thoroughly. for the recommended cooking temperatures, see cook. - some raw eggs can contain harmful bacteria. some of your favorite homemade recipes may call for raw or lightly-cooked eggs. these may include recipes for caesar salad dressing, ice cream, custards, chocolate mousse, and some sauces. here are safe ways to make your favorite egg-containing foods: - add the eggs to the amount of liquid called for in the recipe, then heat the mixture thoroughly. - use store-bought products of the foods listed above, which are often already cooked or pasteurized. - purchase pasteurized eggs. these eggs can be found in some supermarkets and are labeled "pasteurized." here are several types consumers can buy: - fresh, pasteurized eggs in the shell found in the refrigerator section . - liquid, pasteurized egg products found in the refrigerator section . - frozen, pasteurized egg products found in the frozen food section . - powdered egg whites found in the baking section . refrigerate all perishables foods that can spoil or become contaminated by bacteria if unrefrigerated up until serving time. these foods include: - finger sandwiches - cheese chunks - fruit salad - foods that contain dairy products plan a bacteria-free buffet with these helpful tips: if you're planning a buffet at home and are not sure how quickly the food will be eaten, keep buffet portions small. prepare a number of small platters and dishes ahead of time. store cold back-up dishes in the refrigerator or keep hot dishes in the oven set at 200 f to 250 f - c to - c prior to serving. this way, your late-arriving guests can enjoy the same appetizing arrangements as the early arrivals. hot foods should be kept at an internal temperature of 140 f c or warmer. use a food thermometer to check. serve or keep food hot in chafing dishes, crock pots, and warming trays. note: some warmers only hold food at 110 f to 120 f -163 c to -153 c , so check the product label to make sure your warmer has the capability to hold foods at 140 f or warmer. cold foods should be kept at f c or colder. keep cold foods refrigerated until serving time. if food is going to stay out on the buffet table longer than two hours, place plates of cold food on ice to retain the chill. keep it fresh don't add new food to an already-filled serving dish. instead, replace nearly-empty serving dishes with freshly-filled ones. bacteria from people's hands may have contaminated the food. plus, bacteria may have started to multiply at room temperature. watch the clock remember the -hour rule: discard any perishables left out at room temperature for more than two hours, unless you're keeping it hot or cold. if the buffet is held in a place where the temperature is above f, the safe-holding time is reduced to one hour. leaving with leftovers? be sure to refrigerate leftovers immediately after you arrive home.
__label__non_math	0.9996	kraft foods has taken the cadbury chocolate brand in a new direction, by combining it with cheese for the first time. the company is bringing together two of its brands and launching philadelphia with cadbury, a chilled chocolate spread made from philadelphia light and cadbury chocolate. kraft believes the new product has the potential to do very well and is targeting 10m in sales in the first year. the new cheese and chocolate spread is being launched on february and will be appear in the chilled dairy aisle next to plain philadelphia light. it is launching in a 160g tub and a 120g four-pack of mini tubs, both with an rsp of .. kraft is supporting the launch with a .2m marketing budget in and is targeting ,000 tonnes in volume sales equivalent to about 10m in the first year. if they reached this volume of sales, the new philadelphia with cadbury would have the same market value as garlic herb, currently the biggest-selling flavour in the philadelphia portfolio. kraft already offers chocolate variants of philadelphia in italy and germany, using milka chocolate and targeting the breakfast occasion. in germany, philadelphia with milka has generated .2m in sales since its october launch and has a . value share of the chocolate spread market. kraft foods uk marketing manager bruce newman said: the uk product would be positioned as a snack. the breakfast market in countries such as germany is more developed, and our consumer research firmly identified philadelphia with cadbury as a snack.
__label__non_math	0.9992	rome -- an animated and impassioned pope francis addressed the entire college of cardinals in an ornate vatican hall friday, looking very much like the leader of the world's .billion catholics but sounding like a local priest addressing his flock. sitting on a massive gold and red throne and dressed all in white, a smiling francis implored his audience to "not cede to the bitterness and pessimism that the devil offers us every day." instead, the church must "find new ways to spread the word of god to every corner of the world." the word that spread friday was of pope francis' actions during argentina's "dirty war" between and , when the ruling military government abused and killed countless citizens suspected of being communists. at issue is whether jorge mario bergoglio, then a young priest in his 30s, did enough to stand up to the junta, and specifically whether he was complicit in allowing two jesuit priests, orlando yorio and franz jalics, to be apprehended and tortured for five months. yorio is deceased, but jalics, , told the associated press on friday that he had a chance to discuss the event "years later" with bergoglio. "following that, we celebrated mass publicly together and hugged solemnly. i am reconciled to the events and consider the matter to be closed," he told the ap. vatican spokesman rev. thomas rosica responded with his own translation of jalics' german comments. the wording differed only slightly in the lone forgiving yet not wholly exonerating phrase: "i have made my peace with these events and, as far as i am concerned, the case is closed." dismissing the case against pope francis as "well-known" and "anti-clerical," rosica said the pontiff doesn't consider this "a concrete or credible accusation in his regard. he was questioned by an argentinian court as someone aware of the situation but never as a defendant. he has, in documented form, denied any accusations." rosica added that "there have been many declarations demonstrating how much bergoglio did to protect many persons at the time of the military dictatorship." although the long-ago matter is likely to continue to stir debate, blogger andrew sullivan argued that jalics' statement "doesn't exactly exonerate bergoglio ... but when the victim has reconciled with the alleged violator, and considers the matter closed, we can look forward rather than back." pope francis certainly was looking forward at friday's gathering, the first in a series of formal events that are meant to help the new pope and his followers replace in their minds cardinal jorge mario bergoglio of argentina, with pope francis, the world's first jesuit and latin american pontiff. on sunday, the pope will address and bless a crowd in st. peter's square; next tuesday is his official installation mass, which will be attended by global leaders including u.s. vice president joe biden. but despite the formality of the moment and setting, francis, , continued to display the warmth and approachability that have marked his life as a cardinal. when speaking, he often leaned forward in his throne and waved his hands. he almost never stopped smiling, and became even more jovial when he finished his speech and greeted the cardinals one by one. "the new pope is an astonishing figure, a return to the church's roots" and comparable to the likeable but short-lived john paul i, whose papacy lasted days in , said paolo rodari, a vatican beat reporter for rome's la repubblica. "it's too early to know how successful he'll be, but i will say that he is being himself," he said. "this is the real man we are seeing." rodari added that "in the congregations leading up to the conclave, he spoke about the need to 'purify' the church. evidently, that resonated with the cardinals. in , when he was runner-up to joseph ratzinger , he told his fellow cardinals not to vote for him, and it would not surprise me if he did the same this time. it may have been just that, that he didn't want to become pope, that made him an attractive candidate." during the talk, pope francis thanked his former peers, who were dressed in contrasting black robes with red skull caps, for electing him. he also offered "profound thanks to my predecessor," the recently retired pope emeritus, joseph ratzinger. pope francis is expected to make a trip in the coming days to the papal retreat of castel gandolfo to visit the first pope to resign in 600 years. the lightest moment of the half-hour event came when francis noted that "maybe half of us are in old age, which i consider to be the seat of wisdom. we've walked the path of life." many of the cardinals smiled. "let's give this wisdom to the young, we are like good wine that improves with age," he said, then referred to a favorite quote from a german poet who wrote that "old age is a time for tranquility and prayer. let's pass that on." italian television news shows -- which had been all pope, all the time -- switched gears friday to a renewed focus on the country's considerable political crisis. recently parliamentary elections, which included a winning comedian candidate, gave no one party a clear mandate and the resulting stalemate threatens the continent's ever-present fiscal woes. but that pressing subject didn't stop tv anchors from running in an endless loop a clip of an elderly argentine woman identified only as amalia. interviewed standing behind a gate, she describes how her dates with a young jorge bergoglio eventually led to a letter in which he wrote, "if you don't marry me, i'll become a priest." the woman adds that her mother discovered the note. the rest is history. contributing: eric j. lyman read the original story: pope francis to cardinals: don't cede to 'pessimism'
__label__non_math	1.0000	shows panels - accelerate and streamline for better customer service - ask the cio - the big data dilemma - carrying on with continuity of operations - client virtualization solutions - data protection in a virtual world - expert voices - federal executive forum - federal it challenge - federal tech talk - feds in the cloud - health it: a policy change agent - it innovation in the new era of government - making dollars and sense out of data center consolidation - navigating the private cloud - one step to the cloud, two steps toward innovation - path to fdcci compliance - take command of your mobility initiative shows panels during tough times, great leadership is key. in our special report, top leaders in federal service, federal news radio profiles five of the greatest leaders in government today to find out what their secrets are to success. we also reveal the results of our survey examining federal employees' morale. gsa's godwin sees employees as her 'greatest resource' wednesday - , est in december, federal news radio put out the call for federal workers to nominate top leaders in their offices. a dozen of godwin's staff members nominated her, making her the person with the most nominations overall. when godwin learned that she'd been named one of federal news radio's top leaders in federal service, and that so many people had submitted her name, she was floored. godwin holds up the hero of the week award she established to recognize excellent citizen service exhibited by members of her staff. photo by michael o'connell for godwin's team, the top leaders awards was an ideal opportunity to recognize her leadership skills. "bev is truly one of those all-around, exceptional leaders who not only strives for and achieves operational excellence, but she's also, really, really, truly exceptional in her ability to motivate and inspire others," said kathy conrad, principal deputy administrator in gsa's office of citizen services and innovative technologies. "she has long believed in the power of the people around her, and so has really built a tremendously successful, talented team. and, i think, as a group, we all felt like it would be fabulous to recognize her leadership that she brings not only to our office and to gsa, but also to the people on her team." supervisory federal information specialist mary ann monroe agreed with conrad. "she is the best boss that i've ever had and that's because she demonstrates by actions all the things that make a workplace wonderful," she said. "at the core of everything that bev does is this belief that the government has an obligation to make life easier for people. they give us their trust and we have to give back to them convenience, reliability, accountability and transparency." one of the ways godwin motivates her staff is by presenting the hero of the week award to a member of the federal citizen information center for a job well done. "the award is simply a strange looking trophy that is passed on to the winner and they display on their desk all week," monroe said. "it's also good because she awards for tangible results, not just for 'being nice' or being a 'hard worker.' it motivates everyone to think about their works in a results driven way." godwin has a simple formula for good leadership. "my primary philosophy as a leader is to treat your employees as your greatest resources," she said. "they really are. if you, from the bottom of your heart, treat them like that, all else will fall into place." what qualities do you admire in a good leader? godwin: humility; passion for their work; willingness to share and give credit to those who work for them, and takes the blame when needed; truthfulness even when the truth may not always be pleasant; one who encourages the best in their people and allows them to run full steam ahead; and those who have good instincts for recognizing good leaders under them and allow them to flourish and innovate, realizing they do not need to be micro-managed. what is your leadership philosophy? godwin: my primary leadership philosophy is our employees are our greatest resource and we must always treat them that way. do that from the bottom of your heart, and everything else will fall into place. i also think one of my philosophies is to keep calm and have a sense of humor. we rarely deal with life and death situations. keep things in perspective as people around you get stressed out. who inspired you as a leader when you were younger? godwin: when i was in the ses candidate program at hhs, i had a coach who really inspired me. one of the things she said to me was, "you don't need more training, you need a bigger stage from which to show what you can do." this instilled great confidence in me, and i've thought back on those words, and shared them with others over the years. i try to give my staff the biggest stage they can handle, even when they are not sure they can handle it, to show what they can do. who do you admire as a good leader now? why? - hillary clinton because of her intellect and because she inspires confidence in the way she responds, such as during the recent congressional hearings. - the late mother teresa because she was so passionate about her work and because of her humility. - marissa mayer, formerly of google, now ceo of yahoo, who is the youngest ceo of a fortune 500 company and has been ranked as one of the top women in business for many years. i admire her because she is a techie by training who has become an executive, and she seems very down to earth and humble. also, as a recent newlywed and young mother, she also seems to be able to balance worklife and family life, which is something we all need to value in our leaders. - another leader who has recently come to my attention is sharon vosmek. as ceo of a start-up called astia, sharon vosmek has an unwavering passion and uniquely well-suited background to drive forward the company's mission of propelling women-owned start-ups to success. sharon has doubled her company's resources, which include mentors, coaches, sponsors, investors, thought-leaders and entrepreneurs that provide women-owned companies with counsel, coaching, guidance and advancement opportunities. what advice would you give to someone who wants to improve their leadership skills? godwin: i have two pieces of advice that have helped me throughout my career: - choose a mentor or coach who you respect as a leader. meet with them regularly, informally and talk about your career dreams. - practice your communication skills. it is so important as a leader to communicate in both directions. - share information you have with your staff. they need it to do their jobs well and to see their jobs in the broader context. - listen to them. they know better than you do how to do their jobs and usually have great ideas for further improvements. - communicate to those above you. let them know of the successes and brag about individuals on the team. what's the most challenging part of being a leader? godwin: two things come to mind: - continuously providing constructive feedback as well as praise, so both your best performers and your lowest performers all get better. - shielding your employees from negative influences in the broader environment. just as i do being a parent, i try to shield my children from negative and harmful influences in the world. so, too, i do with my employees. this is not entirely possible with children or with employees. what is the most rewarding part of being a leader? godwin: seeing people you have mentored succeed. several of the folks i hired early in my career are now in very senior positions throughout the government, as cios and other senior executive service positions. but, just seeing anyone who works for me succeed on a project, be recognized by an award, be promoted or who take on more responsibility and have more impact, is what keeps me going. more from the special report: top leaders in federal service:
__label__non_math	1.0000	shows panels - accelerate and streamline for better customer service - ask the cio - the big data dilemma - carrying on with continuity of operations - client virtualization solutions - data protection in a virtual world - expert voices - federal executive forum - federal it challenge - federal tech talk - feds in the cloud - health it: a policy change agent - it innovation in the new era of government - making dollars and sense out of data center consolidation - navigating the private cloud - one step to the cloud, two steps toward innovation - path to fdcci compliance - take command of your mobility initiative shows panels panetta orders action to curb sexual assaults tuesday - , edt washington ap - defense secretary leon panetta has ordered the army, navy, marine corps and air force to improve the quality of sexual assault prevention training for their prospective commanders and senior enlisted leaders. pentagon press secretary george little said the goal is to make training better and more uniform among the services. the services also will review policies on all military training of enlisted personnel and commissioned officers. the panetta order is the latest in a string of actions he has taken to try to curb the frequency of assaults. panetta has said there were nearly ,200 reported cases of sexual assault in the military last year, a slight increase from . many cases go unreported, and panetta has said the real total last year may have been close to ,000.
__label__non_math	0.9999	shows panels - accelerate and streamline for better customer service - ask the cio - the big data dilemma - carrying on with continuity of operations - client virtualization solutions - data protection in a virtual world - expert voices - federal executive forum - federal it challenge - federal tech talk - feds in the cloud - health it: a policy change agent - it innovation in the new era of government - making dollars and sense out of data center consolidation - navigating the private cloud - one step to the cloud, two steps toward innovation - path to fdcci compliance - take command of your mobility initiative shows panels contractor chosen for washington monument repair wednesday - , edt washington ap - the national park service named a massachusetts contractor wednesday to repair the washington monument's earthquake damage, though it may take two more months before work begins at the national mall site. perini management services inc. of framingham, mass., beat out two other bidders to win a .million contract that includes extensive repairs to the monument's stonework. it will involve building massive scaffolding around the 555-foot-tall monument, sealing cracks inside and out, repointing the mortar, cleaning the exterior and strengthening weak spots with metal brackets. the total cost of repairs, including work already completed, is million. federal officials said the contractor's parent company, los angeles-based tutor perini corp., was the prime contractor for the construction of the ronald reagan building, washington's largest federal building. the contractor's team also includes firms involved in a restoration of the monument completed in . "we are again one step closer to getting this important landmark reopened to our visitors," said robert vogel, superintendent of the national mall and memorial parks. the marble and granite obelisk has been closed to the public since a .-magnitude earthquake shook the region on . the upper portion of the monument sustained large cracks when it shook violently during the quake. it will likely remain closed to visitors until . at a gift store nearby, visitors still ask why the monument is closed and when it will reopen, a worker said. maryann albert, a nurse from philadelphia, was riding her bicycle with her husband near the monument wednesday but didn't know it was still closed. "i keep thinking, one of these days i should come down and go up in it," she said. it would help to have a sign explaining the monument to george washington is closed, she said. instead, yellow tape at the base reads "police line: do not cross." the monument normally has about 700,000 visitors a year who ride an elevator or climb stairs to the top. park service project manager michael morelli said gaining access to the tall monument is the most difficult portion of the project. the repair work is relatively easy. the park service may add extra metal brackets to some stone panels that are similar to those that cracked to provide extra support in case of a future earthquake. within about days, work will begin at the site to start building scaffolding. that alone will take four to five months, said brian labbe, who will serve as construction manager for perini management. scaffolding also will likely be built inside the monument's top pyramidion, where some of the worst damage was found. once work begins, the project will take to months to complete, officials said. congress allocated .million. the monument was completed in and was the world's tallest structure until , when the eiffel tower was built. vogel said it remains the tallest freestanding stone structure in the world. "the monument," he said, "is one of a kind." follow brett zongker on twitter at
__label__non_math	0.9994	the economy in the fourth district showed further signs of strengthening since our last report. manufacturers told us that the rise in production which began late last year continued, although orders remain below pre-recession levels. contacts in non-residential construction noted some signs of renewed growth, but they are concerned about its sustainability. financing remains a major issue for residential and commercial contractors. sales figures from district retailers and auto dealers showed a moderate improvement. energy production was mixed and reports indicate a continuing upturn in freight transport volume. demand by businesses and consumers for new loans remains weak, although some bankers noted that the lending environment is starting to grow more competitive. a pickup in employment was notable in the manufacturing sector, where businesses are recalling some workers and increasing production hours. a majority of staffing-firm representatives indicated that new job openings increased, primarily in healthcare. wage pressures continue to be contained. apart from rising prices for steel and petroleum-based products, raw materials and product pricing was generally stable. reports from district factories showed that production was largely stable or rose slightly during the past six weeks, with a few of our contacts citing an increase in their backlogs. most manufacturers told us that production levels have increased on a year-over-year basis, though by varying amounts. in general, our respondents are cautiously optimistic and expect their sales to increase at a modest rate going into summer, but they are not expecting a return to pre-recession levels through the end of the year. steel shipments were better than anticipated, with rising volume being driven primarily by autos, energy, and heavy equipment. looking forward, many of our steel contacts said that they are uncertain if the rise in volume is sustainable in the long-term. nonetheless, they expect shipping volume during the next few months to at least approach levels seen in the first quarter. district auto production was stable in february on a month-over-month basis, and showed a substantial rise when comparing year-over-year data for both domestic and foreign nameplates. reports on inventories were mixed. half of our contacts said that product supplies are low relative to demand, while others reported that their inventories remain well balanced. capacity utilization continued a slow upward trend. capital outlays are on target, with monies being allocated primarily for maintenance projects, new equipment, or it upgrades. manufacturers said that outlays will remain below pre-recession levels until a robust recovery is underway. we heard many reports of increasing steel prices, which were attributed primarily to rising raw materials iron ore, scrap, and alloys costs. there was little response on the part of manufacturers to raise their own prices because of relatively weak market conditions. however, some of our respondents are beginning to initiate materials surcharges. we heard numerous reports of recalling laid-off workers and increased work hours, while new hiring was limited to temporaries. wage pressures are contained. in general, new home sales improved slightly during the past six weeks and on a year-over-year basis. nonetheless, some builders are struggling to close sales. purchases of entry-level homes continue to do well, and several contacts told us that the move-up category is gaining momentum. builders expressed concern about the potential effect on home sales when the first-time home buyers' tax credit expires and the downward pressure on home prices, which they attributed to unreliable appraisals. they also reported that banks remain unwilling to lend money for constructing spec houses or buying land. homebuilders are not anticipating a big turnaround in the housing market, and they expect total sales volume in will equal or be slightly greater than last year's volume. little change was noted in the list prices of new homes, construction material costs, and subcontractor pricing. general contractors and subcontractors continue to operate with skeleton crews. activity in non-residential construction showed early signs of a pickup. inquiries have improved, and many contractors said that they are beginning to rebuild their backlogs. most projects currently under-way fall within the industrial and energy categories. half of our contacts are uncertain about the level of construction activity for the remainder of , while others see a small improvement when compared to . we continue to hear accounts of difficulties in obtaining project financing, even for credit-worthy borrowers. increased costs for construction materials were limited to steel and petroleum-based products. general contractors reported that other than seasonal hiring, their employment levels have been flat. subcontractors are still struggling, with many of them taking on projects at cost. for the period from mid-february through mid-march, retail sales were generally stronger when compared to the previous -day period and were up on a year-over-year basis. although consumers continue to focus on buying necessities over discretionary items, retailers noted that they see a pickup in the sales of home furnishings. looking forward, retailers are cautiously optimistic, and most expect sales to improve somewhat during the second quarter. vendor and store pricing has been relatively stable. retailers commented that they are placing less emphasis on promotions and markdowns, and store inventories continued on the lean side. auto dealers characterized new vehicle sales from mid-february through mid-march as decent, with little change when compared to year-ago sales. used-vehicle purchases are holding steady. overall, sales are expected to show a modest improvement at best during the second quarter. dealer inventory positions have improved since our last report, though a few dealers still characterize it as light. several contacts told us that buyer credit is beginning to loosen, as community banks and credit unions are becoming more aggressive. reports show little change in staffing levels at retailers or auto dealers. demand for new business loans remains weak, although a few bankers noted that they are beginning to see their pipelines become more active. interest rates were steady. some of our respondents also commented that the lending environment is growing more competitive. on the consumer side, loan demand was mixed. while several bankers said that demand was very weak, others are seeing a slight increase, which they attributed to seasonal factors and draw-downs on helocs. the residential mortgage market is stable, with most activity dominated by refinancings. core deposits continued to show strong growth at most banks. interest spreads are widening due primarily to term deposit repricing. credit standards have not changed appreciably in the past six weeks, though commercial real estate lending is receiving closer scrutiny. reports on the credit quality of loan applicants were mixed. almost all of our respondents told us that delinquencies have stabilized or declined. employment growth at banks was limited to some strategic hires. little change in oil and natural gas output was reported during the past six weeks, with only a slight increase expected during the second quarter. spot prices for natural gas are on the decline, while oil prices are fluctuating within a narrow range. we heard mixed reports on coal production. one producer noted that demand from off-shore customers for metallurgical coal has increased significantly and that his company is reopening one of its idled mines. prices for coal were mixed but tended to the upside. in general, capital expenditures showed a modest improvement. production equipment and materials costs were flat, although we heard some reports that the rise in steel prices is making its way down the supply chain. employment was steady, and little hiring is expected in the near future. wage pressures are contained. freight transport executives reported that shipping volume continues to show a gradual improvement, and they expect this trend to persist for the remainder of the year. however, profit margins remain constrained due primarily to overcapacity and rising fuel costs, which have to be absorbed into the current rate structure. apart from fuel prices, operating costs have been relatively stable, although there is some concern about rising costs associated with regulatory compliance. equipment purchases remain at low levels, with little change expected until there is a substantial pickup in shipping volume. hiring was limited to replacement only.
__label__non_math	0.9996	two evils of consequence by c.j.l. brock there are laws on the statute books which in some cases make it illegal for a merchant, having purchased his goods, to sell those goods at prices of his own choice. the law says he may sell only at prices fixed by others, and all who buy from him are aiding and abetting a lawbreaker. yet if you live in a town of any size at all, you need only look about to find many instances where the law is evaded. merchants sell at illegal discounts and american citizens flock to the bargain counters. there are also laws on the statute books which in some cases make it illegal for a farmer, owning or leasing his own land, to grow on it the crops of his own choice. in some cases the law says he can plant only so much wheat, let us say, as government decides; in others, that he is subject to prosecution and fines if he plants any wheat at all. yet the united states government is finding that all across the country there are farmers who are proceeding to grow what they choose on their own land and to defy the fines. now it is easy to wax indignant about lawbreaking; to assail the character and social conscience of those who disdain the law. for there is no gainsaying the fact that society rests upon the sanctity of the law, and that when ordinary citizens come to disdain it we all suffer an evil of consequence. but we are not dealing here with the occasional and exceptional lawbreaking of the criminal who lives outside of society s moral code. we are dealing here with the ordinary, law-abiding citizen of the community who creates society s moral code. and that must give us pause as to where the evil lies. in both of these cases the so-called fair trade laws and the agricultural control law we have passed statutes which, however legally enacted, do not comport with the ordinary citizen s sense of morality. indeed, we have here laws which run counter to the sense of morality. when the housewife goes down to buy her toaster at the discount house, neither she nor her neighbor thinks that morality is outraged. on the contrary, it disturbs her moral sense for the law to demand that she pay more than the market place requires. and for all the legal briefs that may be filed in all the courts of the land, the ordinary citizen is not going to think that a merchant who of his own choice sells cheap has committed an offense against society. you cannot make people believe, either, that the farmer who grows wheat to feed his herds has done an immoral thing, whatever says the law. in all truth, not even the police officers are convinced of it. the government authorities, from secretary benson to the local federal agents, approach the prosecution of offenders timidly, as if they themselves feared that the defiers of the law did so with some justice. the defiance of the fair trade laws has already been enough to cause one of the larger appliance manufacturers to find them unworkable; this week westinghouse announced that it would abandon them. and the defiance of the farm laws has already created what secretary benson calls an intolerable situation and he predicts that violations will grow. it is an evil thing for good and honest citizens to lose respect for the law. yet it is an evil thing, too, for people to suspend their own moral sense. and what is not long tolerable is for the law itself to create a cruel conflict between the two. editorial in wall street journal, thanks to the free trade tradition, there are still many manufacturers and merchants who regard protection with contempt; but the longer protection lasts, the fewer they may become. this is partly because tariffs and quotas build up minor uneconomic industries which could not exist without them; and partly because protection removes the incentive to efficiency and self-reliance, and makes those who formerly walked alone fear they can no longer proceed without crutches. already there are many farmers who, though fully conscious of the restrictions and losses caused by the marketing boards, fear to ask for abolition of the boards, unless something else is put in their place. personal liberty is losing its meaning to these men, and if that tendency continues they will become read.y to accept an ever-increasing degree of bureaucratic control; and so resistance to dictatorship becomes undermined. c. j. l. brock, the moral case for free trade,
__label__non_math	0.8176	learn about: full text feeds , autoblogs plugins, feeds api , shortened rss, rss feeds creation , full rss, html content extraction, rss owl, snackr, rss bandit . in: uncategorized26 feb for a description of why this was created and how to use it see lee richardson s blog entry about it. main configuration screen the main screen below allows adding multiple rss or atom feeds. the washington post feed below is configured to download the main content from the washingtonpost.com site and extract the content via regular expression start and end markers. a generated index page shows abstracts for articles and provides links to the downloaded content. this blog is all about rss feeds and full text rss feeds. you will get an a to z guideline about benefits, use and techniques of rss feeds on different perspectives. whether you are a site owner or a subscriber or just an interested reader, this blog has many things to offer.
__label__non_math	0.9953	cwt, crwe, fcn, flo stock updates by stock-pr.com mr, crwe, pss, cwt stocks under consideration by crwefinance.com orfg, sji, cwt, lg stock updates by stock-pr.com orofino gold corp. orfg orofino's corporate objective is to continue to build shareholder value through the exploration and development of senderos de oro and additional accretive acquisitions, capitalizing on the extensive experience and relationships that management has developed over the past years. forc, cwt, cor, ale noticeable stocks by crweselect.com this is the first installment in a multi-part series that looks at various options used by income investors to boost their yield while waiting for dividend growth to lift their portfolio s overall yield-on-cost. this week we are looking at utilities those investments long considered as a safe harbor for orphans and widows.
__label__non_math	1.0000	new york, new york be a part of it with a feelnyc apartment get a taste of the big apple with our fabulous apartments in new york and enjoy all that this dynamic city has to offer with feelnyc. a top world destination, new york is one of the fashion capitals, boasts some of the highest skyscrapers, has featured in many films and is one of the most glamorous and sought after destinations in the world. but just take our word for it. book a fabulous new york apartment with feelnyc and find out for yourself feelnyc apartments by the top new york attractions rent an apartment in new york by the top new york attractions,allowing you all the freedom to take advantage of what s on offer in the big apple. it s impossible to get bored in new york. the city is home to an abundance of monuments and tourist sites including the landmark statue of liberty, as well as the empire state building, grand central station, the famous rockefeller center, the american museum of natural history and lovely central park, all within your reach with our charming apartments in new york. in addition, if you fancy a spot of musical entertainment then step out on broadway, safe in the knowledge that your cozyapartmentis nearby. a new york apartment rental is perfect if you are looking for a home-from-home experience during your stay in the city that never sleeps, so browse feelnyc s generous range of apartments in new york where you are guaranteed to find what you are looking for. feelnyc apartments in the top new york districts furthermore, going out in new york has never been easier with our new york apartments in the top new york districts. the big apple boasts an abundance of chic clubs, restaurants and rooftop bars offering stunning views of the city lit up in all its glory, which you can enjoy with a tasty new york cocktail. alternatively, you can enjoy the beautiful new york skyline from the terrace in your fabulous new york accommodation. with charming apartments in upper east side, west village, soho, midtown center , midtown west and chelsea, amongst others, you can enjoy all this with the freedom and privacy that a new york apartment ornew york aparthotel affords. finally, in such a cosmopolitan city as this, nothing other than a wide variety and delicious range of international cuisine could be expected, conveniently nearby your apartment in new york. with the emergence of gourmet food trucks on the new york sidewalks, you can treat your palette to a range of more exotic offerings, perfect if you don t fancy cooking in your apartment kitchen. alternatively, you can dine in a fine new york restaurant nearby your new york apartment for rent. so, opt for feelnyc and a new york vacation rental.
__label__non_math	0.9996	i love books. i love to read. i realize i ve had a dry spell i ve hardly been reading books at all this fall. that hasn t stopped them from piling up as my infinite pile of books to read remains well infinite. i gobbled down some entrepreneurship books in the last week. there are a number of great ones coming that seem to have been kicked off by eric ries dynamite the lean startup. the first one is walter isaacson s incredible biography of steve jobs. while i knew many but not all of the stories, isaacson is a total master at putting together a fast paced, thorough, yet extremely readable biography. jobs is a fascinating, incredible, and extremely complex person isaacson captures his essence. while this book is about more than just entrepreneurship, jobs has had such a huge impact on the computer industry that anyone interested in entrepreneurship must read this book. if you love biography, are intrigued by complex heroic figures, love your apple products, or are anyone else, i put this book in your must read pile. yes i loved it. the next is startup weekend: how to take a company from concept to creation in hours. i recently joined the board of startup weekend, which i describe as a weekend-long simulation of entrepreneurship. i was at the very first startup weekend in boulder in and was blown away by what andrew hyde and the boulder entrepreneurial community did while creating vosnap. four years later startup weekend is an international phenomenon that i believe is one of the key activities required in any entrepreneurial community that aspires to grow and develop of a year period. this book helps you understand what startup weekend is, how it works, and is filled with stories of people who have gone through it, what they learned, and why it matters. the last two books are ones that won t be out until the spring but i had a chance to read galleys of each. reid hoffman linkedin cofounder chairman and ben casnocha who i ve now been friends with for almost a decade eek finally, jason baptiste onswipe ceo techstars new york class demonstrates his awesomeness with his new book the ultralight startup: launching a business without clout or capital. this puppy is packed with very specific advice about launching a business that come from jason s experience with onswipe and cloudomatic. jason is a great writer the book is direct, clear, actionable, and fast paced just like jason. finally, i d be remiss in my job as a book salesman for wiley our publisher if didn t mention the book i wrote with david cohen last year titled do more faster: techstars lessons to accelerate your startup as well as the book i recently wrote with jason mendelson titled venture deals: be smarter than your lawyer and venture capitalist. hopefully you have them and are giving them to every entrepreneur and aspiring entrepreneur you know. it s black friday. buy some books
__label__non_math	0.9967	glassboard, a new mobile app for sharing privately with groups, just launched from my friends at sepia labs. they re seeing some good initial coverage from readwriteweb and macworld and twitter is abuzz with people setting up private groups which i find oddly amusing but since there is no way to discover a private board it makes sense. glassboard highlights an interesting dynamic in the market that i ve referenced before namely that collectively, as the creators and early adopters of technology, we still haven t figured out the right balance of what information should be public and what should be private, and how this information should be used in the social graph. take location information as an example. one of the things glassboard allows you to share with a group is your location, but they make it just as easy not to share it. you may recall that in march i had a foursquare checkin scare whereby someone tracked me down at a restaurant and called me on the phone to spook me because they knew my location. it worked that interaction then led to me rethinking how i use my social graph and, more specifically, how and with whom i share my location. location is one of those uniquely personal data points that, when used inappropriately, can leave you or the people you care about hugely vulnerable. and even though this vulnerability exists, your location is casually being used by advertisers to send you geo-ads and its being attached to all your photos. on one hand, its a great piece of data that can be really helpful when you need to tell people where you are or where you were, but on the other hand, the ways it can be used inappropriately are innumerable. the glassboard folks have recognized the sensitivity of location data and have implemented the strict end user controls over how, when and with whom to use it. they ve also done a bunch of other interesting and important things in their group sharing app i encourage you to check it out if you are on iphone, android, and windows mobile .
__label__non_math	0.9917	so far i will say god is good to me. my weekend now normally is split to sat, spending time with hubby. sun to spend time with raelyn and family, so busy huh. am i happy? yes, i do. however, it also makes me wonder, what happened if i am pregnant at this time again. i was reminded by the verse yesterday in church service. psalm : niv take delight in the lord, and he will give you the desires of your heart. an example that pastor quoted was when a father lifted his son up in the air. what is always so amazing is the son will smile happily, how about the father s reaction? he, himself is being delighted. we are happy and so will our father be. finding happiness in our daily life and be contented with what we have, sound easy, however we always wants more and make ourself unhappy. how s true first head this from another carecell member. i find it interesting and re-post it here. my heavenly father, as i enter this workplace i bring your presence with me. i speak your peace, your grace, your mercy, and your perfect order in this office. i acknowledge your power over all that will be spoken, thought, decided, and done within these walls. lord, i thank you for the gifts you have blessed me with. i commit to using them responsibly in your honor. give me a fresh supply of strength to do my job. anoint my projects, ideas, and energy so that even my smallest accomplishment may bring you glory. lord, when i am confused guide me. when i am burned out infuse me with the light of the holy spirit. may the work that i do and the way i do it bring faith, joy, and a smile to all that i come in contact with today. just to share that i have recently bought this dvds. is the dvd version and another is the blueray dvd. it first caught my attention because of an emailer sent to me stating that the show is on history channel. however, i didn t manage to see the show over the tv but through other means. despite that, i still wanted to buy the dvd to see it again. through the show, it increased my interest to read the bible more often. i suppose that is a good sign, well, anyone wants to borrow it? hehe just seen the doctor last thursday, all blood results are back. most of them is ok, in fact all except , glucose test. the post hours glucose test is higher. though not significantly higher but doctor say is impaired diabetes , not diabetes but just impaired. he said need to keep a close watch when i am pregnant on the glucose level as diabetes can cause miscarriage too. another potential problem because especially when i pregnant, my highly desire carving is sweet drink. drink like ribena that i don t normally drink because i find it too sweet, when pregnant, they are just so desirable. so he said all is set and ready, i can go ahead and try naturally anytime. it makes me wonder are we on the wrong direction all this while? maybe is the glucose level that is causing the problem, not the cervix? that might explains why the stitch doesn t work? then again, he said might or might not stitch for next pregnancy, to determine later since both pregnancies, either stitch or no stitch didn t help. headache, sounds like back to square one. ultra confused and don t know what to do. last friday, my friend asked me, are you ready? a simple question yet i find it hard to answer. the expected lost of freedom, can t drive, can t even go out, can t get to eat certain food, the same routine all days, . it does really get to me, to the extent i really feel no quality of life. a few days ago, god is telling me to slow down, now today he is telling me this. god is good hebrews :- niv therefore, since we are surrounded by such a great cloud of witnesses, let us throw off everything that hinders and the sin that so easily entangles. and let us run with perseverance the race marked out for us, fixing our eyes on jesus, the pioneer and perfecter of faith. for the joy set before him he endured the cross, scorning its shame, and sat down at the right hand of the throne of god. consider him who endured such opposition from sinners, so that you will not grow weary and lose heart. in your struggle against sin, you have not yet resisted to the point of shedding your blood. write down the revelation and make it plain on tablets so that a herald b may run with it. for the revelation awaits an appointed time; it speaks of the end and will not prove false. though it linger, wait for it; it c will certainly come and will not delay. i came across this from someone s post some time back so i am writing this down to remind me later of god s grace. i believed it and will have faith i will conceive naturally by end of this year and to carry my precious baby till full term before delivering to a cute baby son. there will not be any complications, infections of whatsoever, my baby is fearfully and wonderfully made. my body is healed of all problems and i am all ready to receive this wonderful gift of child. likewise, my business come to a good growth and balance where i can have a good income coming in monthly with minium supervision. i will have a backup sales to help me and my designers are able to work hand in hand to complete projects on hand. i will be able to rest well on my confinement months and to enjoy the company of my baby allowing me to have more time with him. my son is good and obedient, he will only cry when there is a need to and when necessary. he like to smile on all occasions and is a happy boy. he will grow up to be a man of integrity upholding honor protecting his loved ones. he will have a career that he loved and provided comfortably for his family in time to come. amen prayer nights actually meant nothing to me before that. i do not know what is the purpose, what are we praying for or what is the agenda. however, after attending last week - prayer nights, now it has a new meaning to me. i thought god spoke to me since last sunday. i was feeling lousy and on monday, i followed our carecell group to go on monday. though nothing significance happened, but songs he is here, the way that he loves touched me. so i was encouraged to go on tuesday again even though it meant that i was going alone. quite irony was that though i didn t plan for, however, i had the car for the whole week leaving me no excuse not to go for the prayer nights. the song that i have been searching high and low for it finally found by my spirtual sister. how s nice. we were given this verse - john -the next day john was there again with two of his disciples. when he saw jesus passing by, he said, look, the lamb of god when the two disciples heard him say this, they followed jesus. turning around, jesus saw them following and asked, what do you want? they said, rabbi which means teacher , where are you staying? come, he replied, and you will see. so they went and saw where he was staying, and they spent that day with him. it was about four in the afternoon. andrew, simon peter s brother, was one of the two who heard what john had said and who had followed jesus. therefore we were told to seek, follow him and get a revalation before we can leave for the night. so stressful and challenging for me. however, as we sang songs and prayed, i got a vision. i saw very clearly where i was lying on the hospital bed with my hubby back then praying desperately for my twin. the vision was very clear, i knew which ward was i back then and i saw it from a different perspective. being humans, we always only prayed and seek him when we are desperate, however, when we are healthy, we forget about him. i went with my spiritual parent this time and having dinner with her before that, updating her of my condition so far. i was rather tired already with headache as well thinking that it should just be another regular session for me. however, after .hours into the prayer night, our senior pastor asked for altar call, something he didn t do for the past days. he ask for mighty healing in particular. it seems to be just calling out to me. i was just telling my spiritual parent about it and now altar call asked for it. i was very overwhelmed and went to the altar call. in jesus name, i believe i am healed the last night of the days week. again, i was challenged. so far, i had seek him, got a vision and gotten my healing. however, god is awesome doing much more into our lives. he rejoiced with us too when we are happy. i got to hear from him again though the song - he is here. what a powerful week, we were taught as a new believer how to seek him and to pray for ourselves. how wonderful and blessed are we this song which is what my spirtual sister liked and also the one who helped me to find the song. enjoy. you are great it is such a struggle i have accepted for what had happened to me in keeping cool about it and leaving it to god s hands. however, today i am going to visit my friend later who had just deliver twin boys. we are cycle buddies because we both had miscarriage at similar time and both conceived twin together. i am trying hard to keep my focus on god, yet again i was reminded that my friend won the war and i have lost. i was awoke earlier this morning with a song my god reigns in my head with faith that i know i will have a child borned by me. he even gave me a title to my third book my spiritual parent told me i did not lose the battle. god knew that is best for me. yes, i know, the best is yet to come. i just have to press on by the way, if you are wondering what is the title of my third book - a star is borne
__label__non_math	1.0000	recovery from a natural disaster the scale of hurricane sandy is best measured by significant efforts. here are highlights from 100 days after the storm made landfall on the new jersey coast: more than million was approved to help individuals repair damaged homes, find temporary housing and meet other serious disaster-related needs not covered by insurance or other federal, state and charitable aid programs. nearly ,000 individuals and households received help with housing, home repairs and other serious disaster-related needs. nearly .million in small business administration low-interest disaster home loans was approved. more than million in sba low-interest disaster business loans was approved. more than ,500 survivors were sheltered in more than 430 hotels motels in the transitional sheltering assistance program. more than ,000 visits were made to fema disaster recovery centers. thirty-five federal agencies contributed to 349 mission assignments totaling nearly million. more than 480 volunteer groups helped hurricane sandy survivors. of them, groups contributed 766,000 hours of their time. 160 new jersey residents were hired by fema to assist with the recovery. nearly ,800 fema employees worked on hurricane sandy recovery in new jersey. more than ,000 people visiting new jersey home improvement stores received information from fema specialists on building techniques to reduce the risk of property damage in future disasters.
__label__non_math	0.9974	many centuries ago, a princess kissed a frog and transformed him into a handsome prince. unlike the fable, they never ended happily ever after. it is rumored that the frog prince is still alive and now roams the deserted path in the black forest, capturing unsuspecting visitors. when the chancellor's daughter goes missing, you are sent to investigate her disappearance. journey through the deserted forest in dark parables - the exiled prince, an eerie hidden object adventure game
__label__non_math	1.0000	vikings swat hornets in hol winpublished friday, pelican rapids the vikings were able to rebound from a first set loss to take a four set heart o lakes conference victory -, -, -, - over the frazee hornets thursday. pelican rapids picked up the win, but saw the loss of outside hitter kendra weinrich to an ankle injury. tonight was weird night of injuries and different combinations, vikings head coach heidi isaman. i am so proud of how the girls pulled together and didn t panic under the circumstances. pelican s lizzie pfiefle tallied digs, while teammate madison korf contributed set assists in the win. the vikings will close out their regular season tuesday as they travel to take on the barnesville trojans at p.m.
__label__non_math	1.0000	welcome to ferman chrysler jeep dodge new port richey's website, where you can browse our entire inventory of new jeep, dodge, ram and chrysler vehicles and used cars at our new port richey region dealership. come visit us to test drive a vehicle, speak to one of our experts, or discuss financing options. ferman chrysler jeep dodge new port richey provides quality vehicles to the clearwater, lutz and st. petersburg area. our large selection ensures that we have a vehicle for everyone, no matter what it is you're looking for. at ferman chrysler jeep dodge new port richey we maintain a complete inventory of new jeep, dodge, ram and chrysler vehicles. select from all of the latest jeep, dodge, ram and chrysler models including the or new ferman chrysler jeep dodge new port richey's used vehicles are carefully inspected by our technicians to guarantee quality for our new port richey customers. we are continually receiving vehicles for our used car inventory, so check back often. visit our used car inventory page to browse through the new port richey used cars we currently have in stock. if you see something you like, give us a call or stop in and see us at us hwy . for a low interest car loan or lease in new port richey visit our finance department. our finance team is here to assist you through the entire car loan process. we are the new port richey new and used car dealer that will work to find the finance option that works for you get jeep, dodge, ram and chrysler car repair and auto parts from the folks you can trust at ferman chrysler jeep dodge new port richey. there's a reason why we are a preferred destination for repairs and service for so many around new port richey. it's because of our superior service, trained mechanics and access to original jeep, dodge, ram and chrysler auto parts. visit us at us hwy and join the thousands who already rely on us for their car repair, auto parts and other automotive needs. we are a full-service new port richey new and used car dealership dedicated to providing the best service possible and will assist you through the purchasing process any way we can. visit us at us hwy , and read more about our new and used car dealership.
__label__non_math	1.0000	cirque du soleil night at martinis imax friday, september from - some of the cool kids from creative loafing will be on hand, along with a few cirque-inspired friends, to give away tickets to totem, the new show by cirque du soleil opening october under the grand chapiteau at atlantic station. don't forget to check out cirque du soleil: journey of man on the big screen. cost: standard martinis imax apply. export this event ical
__label__non_math	1.0000	canadian folk-rock group tanglewood s fernie tour date. the arts station tanglefoot has been described as stan rogers meets van halen, but truth be told, this unique canadian folk-rock group defies description and must be heard to be understood. having been part of the canadian folk scene for years, tanglefoot has forged a reputation for exquisite vocal polish, and relentless energy. the five current band members combine their considerable individual musical talents to create melodies and harmonies that are both canadian and universal. having produced studio albums, a live cd and dvd, performed at the vimy memorial dedication in france, and had one of their albums carried into space by canadian astronaut chris hadfield, tanglefoot is now embarking on their farewell tour, and will be performing one of their final shows ever in fernie. don t miss the chance to see these canadian legends in the flesh for what promises to be a remarkable evening. members adults: non-members adults: for more information visit the arts station website or send them an email.
__label__non_math	0.9993	with all the available choices in the marketplace, finding the right materials to address learner outcomes and meet curriculum standards can be challenging classroom collection recommendations you can choose from pre-selected collections based on your budget, curriculum, state standards, and reading programs. from classroom libraries to high low series, we have developed collection recommendations that offer the best individual titles or series across all leading publishers. our curriculum specialists provide consultative support to many major school districts across the nation. no matter how large or small, we will work with you to help you select materials and develop customized solutions that reflect best practices, are specifically tailored to meet the goals of your school or district, and support the differentiated needs of your students, including the needs of diverse populations, varying ability levels, and complex learning styles. contact us today fes gives you access to the full range of brand-new, k-supplemental materials across all leading publishers from a single source and the confidence of knowing you found the right materials at the right price.
__label__non_math	0.9995	festival medical services annual general meeting mendip springs golf club 11th february at hrs those attending and apologies: please see attached list. amber kibby ak chair of the trustees welcomed everyone to the agm of fms, ak referred to the minutes of the last agm which had been circulated, there being no matters arising the minutes were accepted as correct. again this year fms had published an annual review which contained the reports to be presented to the meeting by amber kibby as chair, chris howes managing director, phil barker financial director, dave parry operations director, neil rushton trustee's report on the organisations charitable donations and the legal report from mike o'connor fms trustee director and company secretary. the annual review is attached and can also be found on the fms website and forms part of the minutes of this agm. chair report ak ; in referring to her report in the annual review ak reminded all present of the two new board members elected last year at the agm. neil rushton who has taken over from paul crockett as charity lead. ak wish to thank neil for preparing the charity proposals for the board last october and for bringing some of the charities to this agm to speak about the projects fms have funded. also she said that fms had welcomed back ron carter onto the board and was pleased that ron had taken over as insurance lead. ak stated that the trustee board had focused on governance and reducing risk last year, with a teaching session on governance in spring. the teaching session highlighted the boards need to maintain focus on the charitable aspects of the organization, raising funds for charitable causes, but it also means constantly looking at the charity structure in detail to ensure compliance to the best of our ability with the charity commission and changes in charity law. ak mentioned it was three years ago when we had a major review within the charity, listening to feedback and suggestions from the entire membership. the results gave lots of ideas and after lengthy discussions we produced five year objectives. she was pleased to say that we have either already fulfilled or are on track currently to fulfill those objectives within the allotted time scale. the year ahead fms would continue to work towards its objectives ak thanked the management team for working on diversifying the events to cover resulting in a busy . the board had been planning for the glastonbury festival fallow year and phil barker as fd had planned carefully so that we can continue to donate money to charities at a similar level by setting aside funds from previous years to see us through. in accordance with the articles of association for fms, three members of the board would be retiring at this agm; two will be offering themselves for re-election. as both mike o'conner and ak are re-standing and they usually hold the election, chris howes has kindly offered to run the elections this year. ak then had to referred to the one trustee who had decided not to re-stand and that was eddie bowkett, eddie had volunteered with festival medical services for years. in that time he was a founder member of the charity working for years as a first aider, played a major role as a trustee, acted as coordinator roles for the campsite crew revolutionizing the way we camped. known for his infectious good humour, he's cared deeply for the charity and has been totally committed despite two strokes and other health problems. ak on behalf of all the trustees, management and members wished to thank eddie for his time and commitment over the years and presented him with a gift. eddie thanked everyone, he said he had enjoyed is time with fms and in fact if it was not for fms members he may not have been here, eddie wished fms and all its members good wishes for the future. managing directors report ch ; chris howes managing director stated that his report in the annual review covers what the managers have been doing since the last annual general meeting, but he did want to pick up on a few of the points. the managers had met on five occasions as well as on each day of the glastonbury and reading festivals. a joint meeting with coordinators was held on january. for those who don't know the managers are: dave parry - operations malcolm smith and lorna gough - pre-hospital teams john reeves - support team jane honey - health safety nich woolf - night manager graham mayers was hospital manager and clinical governance lead until he resigned at the end of last season and ch, chairman of the management team and medical director of the organisation. new coordinators matt collis first aid and tom reynolds maria james fpos had completed their first season. maria has subsequently stood down. in the absence of chrissie audain and lisa clark, andy lauder and marius holmes had stood in as mht coordinator and doctors' clinical lead respectively. ch wished to say that as always the coordinators have been tremendously supportive and a good example of this was when we called a meeting at very short notice and only a month before this agm - we had almost a full house and those who couldn't make it sent a deputy. ch wished to thank them for their commitment and support. ch also wished to pass on sincere thanks to the charity administrator phill franks, who ch commented worked tirelessly in the background, keeping everything together and making all our jobs so much easier. ch wanted to take this opportunity to show fms's appreciation. graham mayers had resigned as hospital manager and clinical governance lead during the year. in resigning he expressed the view that improvements could be made in clinical record-keeping and in encouraging volunteers to follow established procedures and guidance more closely. the management team has taken these concerns seriously and has been discussing with the coordinators ways of addressing any shortcomings graham had identified. much closer supervision during events is to be instigated and some real time monitoring of how we are doing. this will involve improved ways of recording clinical information so it can be checked while the individual clinicians are still on shift with any poor performers being identified and not asked back if they are unable to raise their game. the coordinators will have greater autonomy in running their areas and their crews. nich woolf is taking charge of a review of policies and protocols with the aim of updating these and making them more easily accessible when needed. the trustees have produced a volunteer agreement which sets out what fms expects of its volunteers and what they can expect in return. however, ch wanted to emphasise he thought that most volunteers work hard and conscientiously and maintain the best standards they possibly can and he was confident that with the help of all volunteers the problems graham had highlighted can be addressed and overcome. with graham's resignation this meant that a new hospital manager had needed to be recruited and ch was pleased to announce that he had just confirmed, that day the appointment of tony inman. communication within the organisation is a perennial issue and although some progress has been made, failings continue to cause unhappiness, particularly amongst coordinators. the meeting on january produced some further ideas and more frequent meetings of the coordinators are being arranged - a minimum of three times a year. a closed facebook group for coordinators and managers has been set up. there are no outstanding complaints against the organisation of which we are aware. fms has participated in the current review of the event safety guide published by the health safety executive. this will focus more specifically on h s law compliance and fms is now involved in discussions with the event industries forum which it is hoped will lead to the publication of a more general guide to putting on a safe event with a more usable medical section. ch stated that with no glastonbury festival in , fms is looking to take on a range of smaller events this coming season to try to maintain the flow of income into our donation fund. there is no shortage of these events which offer opportunities for members to work in smaller teams at more intimate events. however, recruitment for these remains a problem and we have had to turn down some attractive offers. the people that attend the agm are the ones who are always loyal and turns up for everything, but regrettably a large part of the membership are only interested in the big events - especially glastonbury. ch appealed to all present to try to persuade one of their colleagues to support fms at one of the smaller events. he thought it would be a very different experience and they may even enjoy it a more streamlined procedure for assessing new event enquiries is being devised. fms now normally requires at least six weeks' notice if an event is to receive serious consideration. ch mentioned that fms's ability to offer pre- and post-cover at large events is currently under review, as some issues over insurance and the charity employing crew had been raised. dental cover at gf and perhaps elsewhere is being reviewed as the dental vehicles are no longer fit for purpose. steve boyle dental coordinator has carried out the review and in line with his recommendations; fms would try a cabin-based service using portable equipment. ch wished to thank barry slade for his tremendous contribution over the years, kitting out the dental vehicles and lovingly nursing them from one glastonbury to the next. he had done a fantastic job. it was with regret that ch had to advise the members that tira brine-andrews, founder and leading light of the tulsi trust, the project fms supports in india, had died unexpectedly in august. it is clear that the intention is for tulsi trust to carry on as before and ch was pleased that tira's husband rupert was present at the meeting though he knew tira's contribution was immense and she would be greatly missed. financial directors report phil barker pb finance director referred to his report on pages and in the annual review attached. he noted that this was summary financial information as the full statutory accounts were currently with the accountants who were carrying out their independent examination. once complete the full statutory accounts would available on request by emailing him. phil barker, firstname.lastname pb highlighted the section on page10 'what fms is worth' noting that the level of cash was necessary to enable fms not only to have to have sufficient working capital for the coming year but also to maintain 'charitable donations' at reasonable levels in less profitable years. commenting on the summary financial information pb stated that though expenditure was up due to an increase of volunteer expenses, though he felt these were now more equitable , it was a good year in which fms retained a surplus of around twenty two thousand at the same time as slightly increasing its donations to charities. pb stated that fms has opted for an independent examination, and a c mole has been our independent examiner for a number of years and has provided an excellent service. he wished to recommend to the members that a c mole be appointed again and that they vote in favour of this resolution when voting today. operations director report dave parry dp referred to his report in the annual review and highlighted the following; although neither glastonbury festival nor extravaganza are taking place this year, fms have been approached to cover a range of other events and has a full programme for . already covered on feb 1st agricultural machinery equipment show b w further confirmed events: may 10th grassland b w may 30th -june 2nd royal bath west show june 30th -july 1st orchestra in a field, glastonbury abbey july 11th -15th buddhafield july 20th-22nd sheep music aug 23rd -26th reading festival dp stated that concerns regarding staff availability to cover these smaller events had resulted in the management team currently reviewing the best process for communicating events to be covered to members and seeking their availability. whilst noting that the general wish of the trustees and management is to "minimise expenditure to maximise charitable donations", a review of volunteers expenses had recently taken place and updated, these would be found in the appendix to the new volunteer agreement shortly to be published. charitable donations report neil ruston nr full report in annual review in presenting the details of the charitable donations for the year as listed below; kambeng gambia - ,000 tulsi trust - ,000 children of bangaldesh ,000 lalibela project - ,000 sgaa - further ,000 neil also introduced excellent presentations on the charities supported by fms from: nich woolf for sgga, hugh sharp on behalf of lalibela, sue currant for the kambeng trust and rupert andrews for tulsi trust. sue newman was also able to tell all those present of her and her colleagues planned trip in april to the kambeng project and the village of bakary sambou-ya neil nich highlighted fms charity related aims for the forthcoming year are: to look at how we can increase control of where our donations get spent to investigate the viability of assisting fms volunteers to visit the charities we support, to offer education, training or medical assistance. to investigate the viability of providing teams of fms volunteers to crisis hit areas to provide specialised medical support the next item on the agenda was the formal vote on the resolutions being put to the meeting. there were four resolutions for consideration; - to re-appoint amber kibby as a director - to re-appoint michael o'connor as a director - to re-appoint ac mole chartered accountants as independent examiners - to appoint tony inman as director. voting forms were issued to all present, votes were cast and proxy's already submitted included. the result - all resolutions were passed unanimously. ak then asked if there was any other business: jill canney physio coordinator queried had she understood correctly that the charity related aims and the diversification for the coming year was to consider not just supporting projects with cash but also to providing volunteers with skills- this was confirmed that this was something the board wished to consider. claire cruwys comms asked how to nominate charities, it was confirmed that the process could be found on the fms website. tracy fry comms asked if fms supported one-off charity request or only long term projects - it was confirmed one-off projects are considered. barrie slade ambulance asked how many of the members were actually used last year, pf administrator was able to advise that of the members just under 700 were used and in any year there were normally about new members. there being no other business or questions ak thanked all those for attending and closed the meeting.
__label__non_math	1.0000	do stuff quickly a set of quick links to get you going been for a run? log your mileage here grab your run direct from your garmin fit file upload upload fit files from garmin 110, edge 500 etc analyse all the training you've logged so far add sessions for future days and weeks all the races you've done, or are planning find out what the fetchies are discussing got something you want to know? view the pics in our gallery the largest race directory we know of see all the routes you've run use our tool to check your route distance something to say? stick it in your blog shortcuts to all your fetch friends looking for trends in your training? compare your training in the build-up to races add a pic to our gallery training summary graphs see the training summary in graphs do stuff quickly to continue, you need to log in or register existing user? log in we'll take you back to the page you were looking at. your email address stay logged in every time i visit forgotten your details? click here to reset your password register as a new user it's completely free, and most of the people on the site are really nice. choose a username enter an email address choose a password and type it again to be sure where did you hear about fetch? mind your own business runner's world magazine runner's world website link on a running club website seen fetchies at races word of mouth fetcheveryone natmag rodale ltd can send me e-newsletters and other information other companies and running organisations can send me information i agree to the site's terms and conditions your email address: registered users in the last ten minutes . page rendered in .16s. choose your skin fetcheveryone is a publication of hearst magazines uk which is the trading name of the national magazine company ltd, broadwick st, london, w1f 9ep. registered in england . .
__label__non_math	0.9887	club rides this weekfor a list of upcoming club rides, see the monthly ffbc board general meeting board meetingsecond tuesday of the month, p.m. general meetingsecond tuesday of the month, p.m. meetings are held at the fremont adult school room n6 calaveras ave fremont, ca map for more than years ffbc has been the proud sponsor of the popular primavera century. the primavera is a club-supported bicycle tour of the local area. this year's event is scheduled for sunday april . stay tuned for more details last year's event took place on sunday . check out the primavera facebook page for photos and more cinderella training ridesevery year the ffbc runs the cinderella training ride program. this weekly series of rides is designed to encourage women to learn to ride a bicycle safely in groups and to develop the skills needed to successfully complete the valley spokesmen's cinderella century. the cinderella century is scheduled for saturday . the training program will start in mid-january. progressive ride series the progressive ride series is designed to get riders in condition to do a full century. this series starts in mid-january with shorter and flatter rides and gradually builds up to a full century, which is the worker's ride in april following the primavera route. rainouts will not alter the schedule of the series. the emphasis is on an m pace, which will be offered for each ride. other paces may or may not be supported; check each ride description in the calendar for full details.
__label__non_math	0.9932	founded in , fibrebond has grown from a small manufacturer of concrete buildings used in microwave communications into a sophisticated, cutting-edge manufacturer of concrete structures for the telecommunications, education and corrections markets. the company was founded by claud walker, a businessman who recognized the emerging wireless telecommunications market's potential and understood the industry's need for a strong, durable, aesthetic shelter to protect equipment. by , the company's growth allowed it to expand from a small site in bossier city, la., to a 170-acre site in minden, la., where its headquarters are today. the company began to focus on the development of panelized buildings that could protect the sensitive equipment used by the emerging cellular telephone industry. today, fibrebond equipment shelters can be found in all states and several foreign countries. the company takes pride in playing a significant role in the build-out of the nation's wireless telecommunications system. in response to telecommunications customers seeking a more complete solution, fibrebond began offering equipment installation services in . in , the company built an installation center to receive, warehouse and install their wireless equipment into their fibrebond shelters. in september of , fire completely destroyed the minden manufacturing plant. within two weeks time, fibrebond shifted production outdoors and to other facilities. employees did not miss a single paycheck; customers did not miss a single delivery. in months, a new plant opened with advanced european concrete processing equipment. this ushered fibrebond into a new era of diversification, using innovative construction with precast concrete buildings for k-education and corrections facilities.
__label__non_math	0.9927	author: darakna pm the suffering we cause ourselves.rated: fiction t - english - drama hurt comfort - words: 438 - reviews: - favs: - published: - status: complete - id: a n: since i can't whine to people i know when something bad happens because, they were there alllll along, i just don't see or hear them; because they are there for me, just not when i need a good time or comfort; because they always talk to me, one time a month to whine about their school , the pressure within one self grows and shapes into something. it's usually a story like my one-shots , but this time it was a song of sorts. i've been reading to much of edgar alan poe recently, i think. xd i was confronted by one of my friends i rarely see when i posted this on da, hopefully they won't track me down so easily here. it's a song, people summary: the suffering we cause ourselves. keep to my sanity. why? do i ask. for your friends. those who i love? those to whom i don't matter? the one and the same. whatever i do, whatever i give, it's never enough, from the forgotten paper, to the soul in my heart. it's never enough. they do it right, they do it great, what do they give, i do not know. i tried everything. they matter, i don't. lies, lies, they feed me lies fatten me up, greater joy from slaughter. but never enough. be alive for them who feed you lies. why? i ask. because you love, it answers. but they only feed me lies. wouldn't it be better just to die? why? it asks. because it's never enough. the sanity is slipping and i feel pity, for this world that feeds me lies. not the original, but a bad copy of mine, twisted and rotten from the inside. bonds severed and forgotten, mine trying to reach wide. why? do i ask. because for you it's never enough. a n: hope any of you find yourself in this if you need it. if you don't, so much the better
__label__non_math	0.9883	author has written stories for spiritual, romance, supernatural, essay, and general. hi, i'm friendly, and always willing to discuss stories, writing, etc. i'm a many times lost count years ago published and sometimes paid author of non-fiction articles. now i'm trying my hand at fiction. it's very different i'm a christian man. jesus paid the price for the sins of all humankind. i've accepted his gift of eternal life. exact age? not telling i'm married to a wonderful woman. we have a cat he thinks he owns us i received a degree with honors in college applied rehabilitation psychology . i was student president of my college program. i am a member of the national honor society. i now work in the medical health information field. unsafe external link
__label__non_math	0.7822	in both the grilling and smoking processes, organic material will accumulate on the grills fat, pieces of meat, basting sauces, dead moths--all sorts of stuff. known in the barbecue industry technically as crud, this stuff will quickly burn and fuse to the metal. since you always want to start cooking with a clean grill, this crud on the grill poses a problem, especially for the lazy cleaner, as most men are prone to be. some people simply place the grill as close as possible to the hottest flame and allow the accumulated material to turn to ash, then they wipe it off with paper towels. well, not only are they risking a fire if the crud has a lot of fat in it, rarely does all the crud completely carbonize. in this case, many cooks use a wire brush to get right down to the metal, and this works fine but it is labor intensive and sweaty going. the easiest way to clean grills is to remove them from the unit, spray them thoroughly front and back with oven cleaner, and place them in a plastic trash bag, which you tie shut. allow them to marinate overnight and rinse them off with a hose the next day.
__label__non_math	0.9999	a phillip cocu header paved the way for psv eindhoven to log their place in the knockout stages of the uefa champions league at the expense of schalke . in the night's other action, scottish side rangers also stamped a place in the next round despite drawing -with inter milan. everything was to play for in group e were ac milan and schalke had started the evening level at the top on eight points. the two sides met in a nerve-shredding game in san siro. before the game the italians were in pole position on goal difference. milan's andrea pirlo opened the scoring on minutes but christian poulsen pulled a goal back for schalke two minutes later to guarantee a tense second half. brazil international kaka registered twice within eight minutes before the hour to put milan in front again but schalke responded immediately with lincoln pulling a goal back to ensure a dramatic finish. milan stood their ground however and will go into the first drum for friday's knock-out round draw yet schalke's misfortunes opened the door for psv, who leapfrogged them into second place in the group with a -win at home to fenerbache. jefferson farfan followed cocu's 14th minute header by slotting the winner on minutes to see the dutch side finish just a point behind milan on points and resign schalke to the uefa cup. inter milan had made sure of top place well before tonight's -draw with rangers. but the result meant that the scottish side claimed runners-up slot in group h as porto and artmedia failed to find the net in their meeting in bratislava. artmedia, who finish in third go into the uefa cup while winners porto are eliminated. liverpool held chelsea to a goalless draw at stamford bridge to finish top of group g. neither side were able to find the target in a highly tactical match that characterised a battle of wits between the two coaches jose mourinho and rafael benitez, who cancelled each other out with a series of strategic and psychological moves. the title holders claim top spot with chelsea finishing second just one point behind. real betis lost -at home to anderlecht but progress to the uefa cup finishing third in the rankings on seven points. rankings in group f had already been settled prior to real madrid's visit to olympiacos. olympique lyon claimed the champions spot last month with a draw in the spanish capital and consolidated their status as leaders with a -victory over rosenborg. madrid went into the game just two days after the dismissal of coach vanderlei luxemburgo. caretaker coach juan manuel lopez caro was unable to celebrate his opening game in charge with a win however. the spanish side did take an early lead thorugh sergio ramos whose header brought up his first goal for his club. but the greek side pulled a goal back on minutes through a blistering erol bulut volley and claimed victory with three minutes of normal time remaining as rivaldo struck home the winner. lyon top the group with points while madrid occupy second place six points behind and rosenborg, have the satisfaction of entering the uefa cup.
__label__non_math	0.9996	when he took over as mexico coach in the middle of mexico s concacaf qualifying campaign, javier aguirre knew that the road to south africa would be paved with difficulties and challenges. the priority was to turn around el tri s stuttering qualifying campaign, but another issue, more subtle but no less pressing, was at the forefront of the coach s thoughts: how to bring together two generations of mexican football in the same team. to the delight of fans all over mexico, aguirre s efforts brought instant results and los aztecas performance so far in south africa have shown that their blend of raw youth and seasoned campaigners can, on its day, be irresistible. in fact, the mexicans unity and team spirit has been readily evident in both of their games so far. a hard-fought draw with hosts south africa in the tournament s opening match was followed by a -victory over world champions france, leaving aguirre s men in a strong position in group a. and as strikers guillermo franco and javier hernandez, two men competing for the same position in the side, will readily admit, egos have given way to a sense of collective endeavour and a common goal. the squad is very united and we re all thinking in the same way. we want to do great things with the national team, explained franco. of course i would have loved to have scored but the important thing is for the team to get to where we want to go. and if i don t score but we keep on winning, i will be very happy. his fellow striker hernandez may be years younger, but still shares the same burning ambition to see his country make a real impression in south africa. in fact, franco is generous enough to predict a big future for mexico s latest striking sensation. he hernandez is the future of the national team, but he is good enough to make an impression now and he has already scored for us in the tournament. it s no coincidence that one of the big european clubs has signed him and we re all delighted for him, explained franco. with typical modesty, however, chicharito hernandez refuses to get carried away with his goal against france, a strike that sealed mexico s superiority in the game and went a long way to sealing a well-deserved victory. it was a good goal but the most important thing was to get the win. we re in a good position now to qualify and that s exactly what we all want to do, said the youngster. for midfielder gerardo torrado unity is everything and it certainly goes a long way to explaining why the mexicans find themselves on the verge of the knockout stages. torrado captained the side in their first game against south africa before giving way to current skipper rafa marquez and, as he explained to fifa.com, he believes his team s powers of concentration and strong work ethic are the secrets of their success so far. we ve all put a lot of effort in on the pitch and we need to carry on like this, focused and ready. against france we played well all over the pitch, at the back, in midfield and up front. the most important thing in that game was for us to stick together and work hard, and against uruguay we have to do exactly that. for his part, goalkeeper oscar perez is well aware of the importance of team spirit and appreciates coach aguirre s skill in bringing together youth and experience, attributing a change in mentality within the mexico squad to the positive qualities brought by both the youngsters and the old stalwarts. i don t want to compare this team with teams from the past, but the truth is that we have some talented youngsters mixed with experienced guys, and they are all quality players. we re a strong squad, and from that, we make a strong team. and we ve shown in our last few games that we can beat top-quality opposition, first italy and now france. el tri s next objective will be their final group game against a strong uruguay team. a draw will suffice but aguirre and his team want more. and with their star apparently in the ascendancy, they will hope to show once again that their own mix of talent and hard work can be a winning combination.
__label__non_math	0.9998	pumas crowned clausura champions pumas unam were tonight crowned mexican clausura champions after beating morelia -. having secured a -draw in the away leg on thursday, pumas were always favourites to edge the return and secure their seventh league title. and they did just that, although they needed a 77th-minute goal from javier cortes to get them over the line. cortes grabbed the winner, however, with a brilliant solo goal, weaving past three defenders before crashing his shot into the net.
__label__non_math	0.9987	olympiacos back in the hunt olympiacos put themselves right back in the hunt for a spot in the last of the uefa champions league with a second successive victory over montpellier. after earning a stoppage-time win in france a fortnight ago, olympiacos again left it late before snatching victory tonight with two goals in the last ten minutes from leandro greco and kostas mitroglou. those strikes came after younes belhanda's second-half penalty for montpelier had cancelled out paulo machado's early opener for the the greek side. olympiacos had lost their opening two matches in group b but tonight's result lifts them onto six points, two points behind leaders schalke and one adrift of second-placed arsenal. montpellier, meanwhile, remain on one point and are out of contention for a top-two berth. olympiacos had fallen behind in each of their opening three games in group b but needed just four minutes to take the lead tonight when machado slotted into an empty net after mitroglou's close-range effort had rebounded back off the post. leonardo jardim's side almost doubled their lead in the tenth minute but visiting goalkeeper geoffrey jourdren did well to deny mitroglou. that was a big let-off for montpellier but they soon started to settle and souleymane camara had two chances to draw the visitors level, heading the first just over the crossbar before also failing to hit the target with an ambitious effort. montpellier could not get back on terms before the break but they came close again in the second half when substitute jonathan tinhan, just moments after replacing anthony mounier in the 62nd minute, fired in an effort that was saved by the feet of roy carroll. he was called into action again seconds later after joris marveaux was found unmarked in the area, but fortunately for the northern irish veteran the midfielder's header was straight at him. an equaliser looked on the cards though, and it duly arrived in the 65th minute when the french side won a penalty. dimitrios siovas pushed camara in the area to concede the spot-kick and belhanda made no mistake from yards. for a while that looked set to earn montpellier a point, but olympiacos had other ideas and claimed the victory following a late flourish. djamel abdoun saw a long-range effort turned round the post by jourdren in the 77th minute, but three minutes later greco found the back of the net following a corner. two minutes after that the game was sealed when mitroglou slotted in jose holebas' cross to make it -.
__label__non_math	0.9989	samedov gets russia call the -year-old had previously failed to make advocaat's team but his solid performances this season have helped his team to second in the russian league just two points behind zenit st petersburg. russia, who play slovakia on october at zilina and andorra four days later in moscow, top group b with points from eight matches, two points ahead of the republic of ireland, with armenia and slovakia sharing third on points. reacting to his selection samedov said: "it's very pleasant and inspiring to receive a call from the national side's coach. and, of course, now i feel personal responsibility for the results of the upcoming qualifiers that will decide our group winner." advocaat denied that he was pressured into selecting the veteran who had played for russia's u-21s. "public opinion was definitely not the reason for me to call samedov into the national squad," advocaat said. "his performance this season was the only real reason for me to call him. "besides, in the upcoming matches we will have to play without dmitry torbinsky, who is sidelined with injury. i hope that samedov, who performed well in the russian league matches, will also perform at his top in the national side." russia will also have to play without first-choice goalkeeper igor akinfeyev, who will be out for at least six months with a knee injury. zenit keeper vyacheslav malafeyev, who played in the group b qualifiers with macedonia and ireland, is also uncertain for the upcoming matches as he suffered a hip injury last weekend. goalkeepers: vyacheslav malafeyev zenit st petersburg , anton shunin dynamo moscow defenders: alexander anyukov zenit st petersburg , alexei berezursky, vasily berezutsky, sergei ignashevich all cska moscow , roman shishkin lokomotiv moscow , yury zhirkov anzhi makhachkala midfielders: diniyar bilyaletdinov everton eng , denis glushakov lokomotiv moscow , igor denisov, konstantin zyryanov, roman shirokov all zenit st petersburg , alan dzagoyev cska moscow , alexander samedov, igor semshov both dynamo moscow forwards: andrei arshavin arsenal eng , alexander kerzhakov zenith st petersburg , roman pavlyuchenkno tottenham eng , pavel pogrebnyak stuttgart ger
__label__non_math	0.9993	we are publishing the following essay on the life and work of fred hampton to coincide with black history month, . "you can kill a revolutionary but you can't kill revolution...you can jail a liberator but you can't jail liberation." -fred hampton fred hampton is a hero in the struggle for black liberation, revolution and socialism. he should be remembered and his example should be followed by all progressive and revolutionary people. hampton was the deputy chairman from the illinois branch of the black panther party. he was one of the most dynamic leaders in the black panther party nationally until he was cut down in cold blood by the government at the age of . on fred hampton was assassinated while sleeping in his bed by a tactical unit of the cook county, illinois state's attorney's office, in conjunction with the chicago police department and the federal bureau of investigation. fellow black panther mark clark was also assassinated that night. the murder of hampton and clark was part of the fbi's plan to disrupt and neutralize the black liberation movement and the black panther party specifically. despite his young age, fred hampton made tremendous contributions to the movement for black liberation, working class revolution and socialism in the u.s. his example still shines and inspires people fighting for change almost years later. what did fred hampton do? fred hampton was born in in chicago, illinois and grew up in nearby maywood. while a teenager he got involved in the naacp and his leadership abilities quickly became clear as he led campaigns to improve services in the black community. when the black panther party became established in illinois, hampton joined in and became a party leader. hampton's work over the next year made the chicago black panthers one of the biggest and most successful chapters in the country - and therefore also one of the most targeted by the fbi. fred hampton did an amazing amount of organizing during his time as a leader in the black panther party, before his assassination. he organized weekly rallies, worked closely with the black panther party s local people's clinic, taught political education classes and launched a project for community supervision of the police. hampton was instrumental in the black panther party s free breakfast for children program. he also engineered a truce between some of chicago's street gangs and built alliances with radical and revolutionary organizations of other nationalities, including the puerto rican organization young lords and the mostly-white organization students for a democratic society. in their political organizing, hampton was adamant that the black panthers must raise the political consciousness of working and poor black people toward socialism. he said that people learn through observation and participation, so the panthers' programs were modeled to show people in practice what socialism is, and to get them involved so people could learn from their own experiences in the struggle. he always said "all power to the people" - making clear that change is made by the masses of people and that the goal is to win real power, not small reforms that leave the existing power relations in place. black liberation, proletarian internationalism and socialism why were the black panthers particularly singled out as the supposed greatest internal threat to national security by fbi head j. edgar hoover? because they were succeeding in organizing large numbers of black people to fight for revolutionary change with a socialist vision. they were inspiring hundreds of thousands of people of all nationalities toward revolutionary and socialist politics. they launched programs and campaigns to fight for the felt needs of the masses of poor and working class black people and organized thousands of mostly young black people into a revolutionary organization. they dedicated themselves to overthrowing white supremacist capitalism in the u.s. and replacing it with a socialist system based on the needs of the people. following in the footsteps of malcolm x, they upheld the right to armed self-defense. they identified with the national liberation movements and socialist countries in the third world and they studied the writings of mao, fanon, lenin, marx, ho chi minh, che guevarra, kim il sung and other third world socialist revolutionaries. the black panthers' socialist politics and identification with anti-imperialist liberation movements around the world caused the ruling class see them as a real threat. working class stand "you're gonna have to keep on saying that - i am the proletariat, i am the people. i am not the pig. you've got to make a distinction." -fred hampton the black panthers didn't mainly focus on organizing the working class as such. they tended to focus attention on the lower sector of the working class in their communities and on the lumpen proletariat poor people who are basically outside of the formal economic system and get by on the 'informal economy', hustles, petty crimes and the like , and they also had a large base of support and members from petty bourgeois and student backgrounds. but fred hampton always spoke of the working class, the proletariat. from his practice it's clear he was talking about the working class as a whole - including the lower sector and the lumpen, but not just them - the working class as a whole. in his speech power anywhere there's people, hampton said: "we got to face some facts. that the masses are poor, that the masses belong to what you call the lower class, and when i talk about the masses, i'm talking about the white masses, i'm talking about the black masses, and the brown masses, and the yellow masses, too. we've got to face the fact that some people say you fight fire best with fire, but we say you put fire out best with water. we say you don't fight racism with racism. we're gonna fight racism with solidarity. we say you don't fight capitalism with no black capitalism; you fight capitalism with socialism. "we ain't gonna fight no reactionary pigs who run up and down the street being reactionary; we're gonna organize and dedicate ourselves to revolutionary political power and teach ourselves the specific needs of resisting the power structure, arm ourselves, and we're gonna fight reactionary pigs with international proletarian revolution. that's what it has to be. the people have to have the power: it belongs to the people." hampton also said: "you know, a lot of people have hang-ups with the party because the party talks about a class struggle. we say primarily that the priority of this struggle is class. that marx and lenin and che guevara and mao tse-tung and anybody else that has ever said or knew or practiced anything about revolution always said that a revolution is a class struggle. it was one class - the oppressed, and that other class - the oppressor. and it's got to be a universal fact. those that don't admit to that are those that don't want to get involved in a revolution, because they know as long as they're dealing with a race thing, they'll never be involved in a revolution." as can be seen above, hampton spoke clearly of the fact that there is a multinational working class and that there are poor people of all nationalities. he talked about the need for working class and oppressed people to unite, and he initiated the original "rainbow coalition" of radical and revolutionary forces of different nationalities. as a leader in the black panther party, hampton primarily built the black liberation movement. this basic orientation of building the black liberation movement is correct, since black people as a whole suffer national oppression in the u.s., and the fight for black liberation is vital and is revolutionary. historically, the black liberation movement has played a key role as a motor in propelling forward broader movements for change in the u.s.. the black panthers definitely played that role, inspiring many other people to come to revolutionary conclusions, and providing inspiration for the formation of organizations similar to the black panthers among other oppressed nationalities, such as the brown berets, i wor kuen, young lords organization and the american indian movement. while based in and building the black liberation movement, at the same time hampton correctly emphasized working class leadership within the movement and upheld a working class orientation overall. this was controversial, as some other black organizations criticized the panthers for working with white people and people of other nationalities at all and many also criticized the panthers for focusing so much on class instead of just focusing on racial oppression. organize and involve the masses - connect the day-to-day struggle with revolutionary goal "any program that's brought into our community should be analyzed by the people of that community. it should be analyzed to see that it meets the relevant needs of that community. that's what the breakfast for children program is. a lot of people think it's charity. but what does it do? it takes people from a stage to another stage. any program that's revolutionary is an advancing program. revolution is change. we say that the breakfast for children program is a socialistic program. it teaches the people basically that - by practice. we thought up and let them practice that theory and inspect that theory. what's more important? and a woman said, "i don't know if i like communism, and i don't know if i like socialism. but i know that the breakfast for children program feeds my kids. and if you put your hands on that breakfast for children program " fred hampton had a great ability to connect the daily struggle for immediate needs reforms with the larger revolutionary goal of transforming the whole society. he was able to put in practice and help people understand that we have to fight to improve poor and working people's lives now through struggle, but without getting stuck in reformism and forgetting the need for revolutionary change. his ability to link the struggle for reforms with the struggle for revolutionary change was one of his greatest talents. hampton avoided the errors of reformism for its own sake on the one hand, and 'ultra-left' revolutionary talk without action on the other hand. revolutionaries need to learn from hampton's ability to put in practice what marxist-leninists call the 'mass line' - organizing around the particular felt needs of the masses, and out of those particular struggles drawing the general lessons of the need for revolution and socialism to truly win freedom. cruelly murdered for serving the people the murder of fred hampton is one of the sharpest reminders in recent history of the ruthlessness of the ruling class in the u.s. it shows the naked oppression that the u.s. government won't hesitate to use when working and oppressed people - particularly oppressed nationalities - start to organize effectively and gain mass support for fundamental change in the interests of poor, working and oppressed people. there were many black progressive and radical organizations in the late 1960s, and they were all seen as a threat and targeted by the ruling class - whether the pacifist martin luther king, jr. and the southern christian leadership conference, the revolutionary nationalist malcolm x and his organization for afro-american unity or the socialist black panthers and their leaders such as fred hampton and huey newton. the fbi targeted the black panthers nationally, as part of their campaign of harassment and disruption of the black liberation movement as a whole. panther offices were raided around the country, prominent leaders were framed up and jailed on bogus charges, different people and groups in the movement were purposely turned against each other by writing fake letters from one group to another and spreading false rumors. and in the case of fred hampton, along with mark clark, bunchy carter and some other panther leaders, there was outright assassination to try to silence the panthers' revolutionary spirit. as part of this national counterinsurgency campaign against the panthers, the fbi encouraged and helped the chicago police launch an all-out assault on the panthers in chicago. the black panthers leaders were physically attacked and their offices were raided multiple times, including twice in july and once in october. during these raids over 100 panthers were arrested. as another form of harassment, in may hampton was prosecuted on ridiculous charges of stealing worth of ice cream in maywood two years earlier, and sentenced to two to five years in jail, though he managed to obtain a bond appeal and was released in august . the government's neutralization campaign culminated in the brutal raid on hampton's apartment on in which he was killed in his sleep, with his pregnant wife in bed next to him. the chicago police department had been given the layout of the apartment by an fbi informant who had infiltrated the panthers. hampton was also drugged that night with the powerful barbiturate secobarbitol by the fbi informant so that he wouldn't wake up during the police assault. the fbi took a particular interest in fred hampton. they opened a file on him in that over the next two years expanded to twelve volumes and over pages. by may of , hampton's name was placed on the agitator index and he would be designated a key militant leader for bureau reporting purposes. fbi head j. edgar hoover had put in place a policy of trying to neutralize key black leaders, which meant in practice the fate that malcolm x and martin luther king, jr. received in and - assassination. national black panther leader huey newton was also imprisoned on trumped up murder charges and the party had a national campaign to fight for his freedom, which they ultimately won. by tagging hampton as a key militant leader the fbi put hampton in the company of those great leaders and he ultimately shared their fate at the brutal hands of the fbi and chicago police. like other black panthers, american indian movement members and puerto rican independence fighters that were killed or jailed on trumped up charges; like socialist and anarchist leaders from earlier generations such as sacco and vanzetti or the rosenbergs who were jailed and executed; and like black liberation fighters from earlier generations like nat turner, denmark vessey and gabriel prosser, fred hampton is part of a tradition of revolutionaries in the u.s. who were cruelly cut down for trying to mobilize the masses of people to challenge the existing order and fight for liberation. be like fred hampton - live for the people "to die for the people is weightier than mount tai, but to work for the fascists and die for the exploiters and oppressors is lighter than a feather." - mao zedong we need to remember and celebrate fred hampton. we need to popularize his contributions toward black liberation, proletarian revolution and socialism in the u.s. fred hampton's death was felt deeply by freedom-loving people everywhere. his death was definitely 'weightier than mount tai.' his contributions were so great in such a short period of time, that like che guevara he is still remembered and loved almost years after his death. we must continue to learn from fred hampton, and strive to be like fred hampton - to serve the people and continue the fight for black liberation, proletarian revolution and socialism
__label__non_math	1.0000	from a medical professional, straight facts on where and how to hit that can save your life. limber or not, anyone can add height and speed to their kicks for yourself or as a gift, calligraphy is special, unique look your best. max snap. low cost superior crafted: peak performance gold oz uniforms. classic book translation. hard to find. not in stores.
__label__non_math	1.0000	offering stun guns, pepper spray, tasers and other self defense products not available in stores. online distributor of self defense supplies like videos, stun guns, tasers and more. surveillance, hidden cameras, nanny cams, digital recorders, spy equipment, pocket dvr's and more wholesale directlhy to the public
__label__non_math	0.9656	remain aware of your surroundings at all times. a rule that has and will continue to keep my out of harms way. be aware of your surroundings, the way people are acting aggressive overly friendly , and where important objectives are placed, loved ones anything that can be used as a weapon position of opponents or possible opponents. i sound a bit paranoid, but i consider being a bit paranoid a good thing. serve no master.
__label__non_math	0.9942	ok, i am going to give it you straight here- i would not go to my doctor for martaila arts training, and i would not go to my ma instructor for medical treatment- i dont care how much they command respect, not how good they are- they are martial artists, not medical professionals you got your sifu to relocate you patella last time, then you relied on him to rehabilitate it. now it has gone again. what do you deduce from this? that maybe he is not the man to heal it perchance? i am not qualified to teach martail arts, but i am a fully qualified sports therapist who was registered on the gp referal scheme in the uk for years, and i can tell you that you need an accurate scan of the damage incurred on this occasion, and from there, you need to undergo proper physiotherapy with a qualified medical professional. there is simply no other valid way forward for you now. every time a joint dislocates or sublicates, the ligaments stretch break and the stability reduces, making re occurence more and more likely. its a viscious circle if not dealt with properly. at best, specific strengthening of the leg muscles, along with certain drills to strengthen lateral stability are what you need- and you will need to do them for the rest of your life. at worst, you are looking at surgery to repair ligaments. dont leave your future mobility in the hands of a well meaning amateur- this is real life, and the knee is the most complex joint in the entire body its a modified hinge . specialists devote their entire careers to the knee- there is that much to know about it. your sifu is simply not up to the task.
__label__non_math	0.9998	senior abe souza won his 96th career match and fifth straight friday night. urbana, ill. - in the first of two home matches to end the regular season, the 18th-ranked illini -, -big ten were edged by no. minnesota -, - , -, friday afternoon at atkins tennis center. the loss drops illinois to fourth place in the big ten standings heading into the finale on sunday, while minnesota is now in sole possession of third place. in a battle of unbeatens, ohio state defeated indiana earlier today, -, to secure first place, while indiana drops to second. "we got great leadership from our guys in terms of what to do, but we didn't execute and stay calm when we needed to and just lost control of things out there," head coach brad dancer said. "we've got to rebound and play a good match against wisconsin. i think everyone will certainly be gravely disappointed after this match." sophomore ku singh got the illini on the board in singles with a swift two-set victory over sebastian gallego, -, -, before no. senior johnny hamui gave the squad a -advantage with a defeat of phillip arndt, -, -. fellow senior abe souza added the final win of the night, as he rallied back to top julian dehn, -, -, -, to collect his fifth straight win, 22nd of the season and 96th of his career. he is now tied for 13th with ryan rowe for most career singles wins. the loss snaps a -match winning streak against the gophers dating back to the season. illinois returns to action sunday to close out the regular season against wisconsin at noon at atkins tennis center. seniors johnny hamui, connor roth and abe souza will be recognized in between doubles and singles for their achievements as members of the ui tennis team. . 100 tobias wernet minn def. dennis nevolo ill -, -, - . rok bonin minn def. roy kalmanovich ill -, - - . ku singh ill def. sebastian gallego minn -, - . johnny hamui ill def. phillip arndt minn -, - . brendan ruddock minn def. stephen hoh ill -, -, - . abe souza ill def. julian dehn minn -, -, - . phillip arndt sebastian gallego minn def. abe souza stephen hoh ill - . rok bonin julian dehn minn def. ku singh johnny hamui ill - . brian alden dennis nevolo ill def. tobias wernet brendan ruddock minn - order of finish: doubles ,, ; singles ,,,,,
__label__non_math	1.0000	avatar character poll who would you like to see as a movie masterpiece action figure? for a great selection of film, comic and tv action figures and collectibles, check out bigbadtoystore.com, brianstoys.com, toywiz.com, pastgenerationtoys.com, monkeydepot.com, and sekaido.com. for a great selection of film, tv and pop culture t-shirts and apparel, check out tshirtgurus.com and 80stees.com. as previously announced, hot toys has acquired the license to produce :scale action figures based on james cameron's avatar. to help gauge which character should be released first in their movie masterpiece series, hot toys is conducting a poll asking who you would like to see made. choices include jake sully avatar , neytiri, colonel miles quaritch, and dr. grace augustine. there is also a spot open for "other". click here to cast your vote and may the best human or na'vi win.
__label__non_math	0.9930	outwit images allows users to quickly navigate through many web pages and harvest unlimited numbers of images. it is a free firefox add-on compatible with windows, mac os, and linux. outwit images distinguishes itself by allowing users to save images directly onto their hard disk. users can collect images directly from various web sources with. freeware download of outwit images for firefox ..., size .mb. free image browser from animated images, easily browse all image files stored on your pc and manage them.. freeware download of animated images tb image browser .., size .mb. mb subliminal images software is a unique tool that is based on the idea that visualizing your goal or contemplating on your target takes you closer to your desired destination. this unique tool presents before you subliminal images as well as subliminal messages that help you concentrate more on your desired target and make you think deeper into. freeware download of mb subliminal images ., size .mb. do you want to convert batches of images from any type to any type or to icons? you have come to the right place, using image converter you can convert batch of images to any types in seconds using a very easy to use wizard style interface, just follow the simple screens and let the wizard do all the work for you, additionally you can convert batch. free download of image converter convert images to any formats or icons , size 531.kb. ie amin images album n slde show can add multiple web page images related features in your internet explorer browser create images album if you want to quickly create a your cool online images album with your favorite online photos collecition where you can create your own choice album title with easy steps it is very simple to right. freeware download of ie amin images album n slde show ., size .mb. how to extract all images from pdf? to do this you will need a software that will perfectly extract all images from pdf. use pdf image extractor, the perfect tool that allows users to extract all images from pdf in easy and effortless manner. pdf image extractor is the best utility that helps users extract images from pdf in smart approach. using. free download of extract all images from pdf ., size .mb. surface xml images gallery is the ultimate stylish image gallery built in adobe flash. you can use it as a component into your project or standalone into your website, even if you do not know anything about the actionscript language, and also you do not have a copy of the software. through a simple modification of the xml file, you will be able to. free download of surface xml images gallery ., size .kb. this software offers a solution for users who want to download all the images found in a website. the user simply enters the url, specifies the format of images to be downloaded using check boxes: jpg, gif or a user specified list of formats which must be entered separated by commas . the user chooses an output folder and selects the required. free download of download and save all images on web sites software ., size 774.kb. speaking images for kids is a handy, easy to use tool designed as an english learning application for little kids with speaking images.. freeware download of speaking images for kids 120-en ., size .mb. this screensaver shows beautifuls and colorfuls images of butterflies and moths. the screen saver contains pictures. all pictures in resolution 768 pix. and high color -bit .the evaluation version of this software is shows only of images.saver is set to automatically fit them to your own screen size.the screensaver also comes with two. free download of butterflies screensaver ., size .mb. cyberlat screen saver cl scr , is a freeware configurable software that allows you to add all the images you want to be displayed as a slide show with 128 transitions. also you have the capabilities to play mp3 or midi files, wav events and add different backgrounds as images, gradients or plain colors. the configuration panel has. freeware download of cyberlat screen saver , size .mb. this screensaver shows beautiful images and reproduces voices of wild cats. see family 'felines':lion, tiger, panther, lynx, leopard, cougar, cheeta, bobcat. beasts at rest and at action... life of greater cats on your screen skwecuadorscreensaver displays twenty full screen images of beautiful ecuador, south america. quito, ecuador's capital city, is located along the equator. ecuador is packed full of breath taking sites, ranging from green rain forests, steep andes mountains with volcanoes, and wonderful beaches along the coast. in the city of quito, both modern and. free download of skwecuadorscreensaver , size .mb. screen saver that displays fifteen full screen images of alabama fall scenery near mt. cheaha. daytime images of alabama outdoor scenery, bald rock on top mt. cheaha, colorful fall foliage, along rolling hills of alabama. . free download of skwalabamafallscreensaver , size .mb. skwchicagoscreensaver by sophtware kode werks is a simple screensaver that displays ten full screen images of downtown chicago, illinois. contains day and night images of chicago scenry from near and far. . free download of skwchicagoscreensaver , size .mb. a complete graphics suite for creating, extracting, and modifying icons, cursors, animated icons or cursors and other images. use for creating bookmark and favorites icons for your web pages, filmstrip animation sequences, stitching together panels of icons, and editing other images. a partial listing of features includes: a full set of painting. free download of iconforge icon editing tool kit ., size .mb. imagine that you could continuously monitor multiple online images without having to open your browser all you need for finding and downloading images on the web within one easy solution. you don't need your web browser anymore but let grabjpg do all the searching, clicking and browsing for you. you say what you want, grabjpg gets it.you can search images using keywords, scan all the links on a given page, take all the images from a website,. free download of grabjpg ., size .mb. medusa is a tool for finding images, movie-clips and other kinds of files on web pages and downloading them. you start by entering a starting url and medusa searches for the file types you are interested in on this page and all pages found up to a given depth. if a file has a thumbnail the thumbnail is downloaded and displayed in medusa; making it. free download of medusa ., size .mb. image miner is a software can help you easily find,download,view and save the images from specail web sites or multi search engines:yahoo,google,alltheweb.there are a lot of web sites owned thousands of images,you can download them one by one,but this is the case to waste your time. image miner make all of these processes simple, easy and automated. free download of image miner ., size 990.kb. sachin images web results underwater scenes and a small selection of landscape and wildlife images. also, featuring diving and underwater photographic instruction. based in california. travel images from around the world available on a royalty basis. download single images of japan. marine and underwater stock photography and video. suppliers of images and footage of marine life, commercial fishing, marine pollution, divers, scientists working at sea. a fan's photo images from a wide variety of british motorsports events. picture slide show sachin tendulkar. contains praises and comments on sachin by other cricketers. fan site:includes profile, career statistics, photo gallery, information about sachin, favorites etc.
__label__non_math	0.9806	windriver automates and simplifies the development of user mode windows device drivers for pci cardbus isa pcmcia pmc pci-x pci-104 and compactpci. no ddk knowledge or kernel level programming required. including powerful tools for hardware diagnostics, automatic driver code generation, and driver debugging, as well as intuitive hardware access api, a solution for creating high performance drivers and custom hardware access applications. windriver is a shareware developed by jungo ltd. and listed in driver development tools programming c vb delphi software. version: .released: size: .mb platform: windows , me, nt .x, xp, windows download link: download keywords: drivers device drivers automates usb development mode driver development tools user windriver simplifies pci
__label__non_math	0.9999	each user of our educational software, the examer, shares their personal information, tests and future projects. each one of them has a personal relationship with their educators and, if they want, with the world wide web. each person, student or teacher, has the option to interact with other users of the world wide web, engage conversations, start projects or compete on scholarships and business opportunities. the examer's role in afghanistan is to extend to every other country in the world and consolidate its educational social networking nature. the examer offers a social media curriculum for the schools, and in parallel for the world wide program funded by film annex's micro scholarships via mobile payment system for afghanistan, and paypal for the rest of the world. due to the fact that users' work on examer is mirrored on film annex, we have implemented all rewarding aspects of film annex and we will add examer to the list of social networks. this is the ultimate expression of educational social networking . we look at social networking and rewarding based on educational achievements. in essence, instead of being rewarded for a like or a tweet, people are rewarded for good grades, and promoted accordingly. the better users perform on our tests, the more money they make, and the more buzz they create. based on the direct relationship with our platform, the buzz score, students will start publishing essays and blogs on film annex and will get paid for them. this is an educational social network with financial rewards, compared to other platforms like facebook that don't have a specific educational and financial incentive for the users. the concept developed by three exceptional afghan women, roya mahboob, fereshteh forough and elaha mahboob, for afghanistan education, has now grown into a broader stage with its first target, central asia and later, the rest of the world. citadel of new york was founded to develop and promote this incredible educational social networking tool.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the film i love in the mood for love the film i hate and want to destroy high school musical maltese falcon, the possible one of my favourite crime films and one of the best films of the 's. look out for peter lorre aswell who gives a great supporting role. alex- wrote on at ct vote for your oscar picks the best part is, you don't have to be a member to vote so send it to your friends if you have any questions or problems, let us know sapien- wrote on at ct hey, hey alex- wrote on at ct glad to have you as a member. looks like you have written quite a few reviews in a short time. how did you end up finding filmcrave? alex- wrote on at ct welcome to filmcrave advertise and business faq and help news and press
__label__non_math	1.0000	a place to call home french actress isabelle huppert has a presence that's at once fragile and formidable. she looks frail and vulnerable though her freckled face and straight, often unsmiling lips speak of boundless, manic determination. so, when in michael haneke's the piano teacher she plays a repressed woman who embarks on a bizarre and terrifying sexual journey, even when you think there's nothing to redeem her, huppert makes us feel for her self-inflicted misery. in rithy panh's the sea wall , she's a matriarch in french indo-china struggling to keep her family together and her farmlands from being breached by the sea. again a rigid, fierce woman defined by her stubbornness, she invests her character with great emotional depth. on a similar note, huppert essays maria veil in claire denis' white material, this time set in an african country once occupied by france, now fast descending into chaos. at the beginning of the film we see her holding on to the back of a bus, her skinny frame contrasted with steely, muscular arms strong enough to hang on to a precarious, moving vehicle, her face a picture of dogged resolve as she surveys the untamed, dusty landscape that passes her by. denis cuts back and forth in time, but not in any particular order and sequences are scrambled as randomly as the shocking events that unfold in the film. maria is a coffee farmer who has lived in this country all her life. the retreating french army warns her that if she doesn't leave with her family immediately, her life is in grave danger. she refuses to budge, even when her workers run away. as her foreman says, "coffee is coffee. not worth dying for." the pharmacy in town where she's a regular visitor now has an armed guard at the door not enough to protect anyone, you later discover . maria's husband christophe lambert is brokering a deal with the local mayor on the sly who now lives in a huge european mansion and has his own private army for protection, to sell their land in exchange for freedom. her son, manuel the only person maria can't be firm with spends his time lounging in bed refusing to do anything. meanwhile, a fierce and senseless war is raging between the army and rebel troops. the search is on for a dreaded rebel leader called boxer who the young boys and girls of the revolutionary movement look up to. it's heart-wrenching to see little kids wielding guns bigger than their own frail bodies popping all manner of pills stolen from the pharmacy. but in a place where life appears to have no value, such scenes are to be expected. the locals squarely blame their former colonial rulers for this state of anarchy and contemptuously refer to the few europeans left on the land as 'white material'. when they enter their secluded havens bathtubs, air-conditioning and all in the middle of an impoverished nation with its seductively dangerous landscape, they marvel at the luxury while spitting on it at the same time. insanity comes easily in such a volatile situation as manuel's tragic case suggests. only maria somehow tries to plod on in her foolish mission to get someone to harvest her coffee crop and keep her work going like nothing else matters. perhaps there's a fatalism to her bravado too -- when you've got nothing left, you've nothing to lose. it's a vision of hell, this war-torn paradise. but it's the only place she knows as home. for such a violent and politically charged film as white material, its remarkable that denis manages to invest it with a poetic quality. it isn't just gut-wrenching, its also beautiful. no small feat, that.
__label__non_math	1.0000	london, july ians personal computers are fast taking over the place of human beings long time best friend, the family dog, a british study has found. researchers have found just six percent of us believe that most people rely more on their dog than they do on their pc, while percent think the opposite to be true. even percent of dog owners confessed to relying more on their pc than on their dog, although percent disagreed. and percent of to -year-old dog owners said they relied more on their computer, daily mail reported. according to paul allen, editor of computeractive magazine, which carried out the poll with the royal society for the protection of cruelty to animals, said: these days you can even take your pc for a walk, provided you have a laptop or tablet. it s only a matter of time until the first pc that fetches your slippers. researchers talked to ,000 british adults to find out about the change modern technology has brought to their home life. they found that male dog owners are almost twice as likely as female owners to rely on their computer than a canine companion. allen said: with broadband bringing them global news and newspaper sales falling, the family dog even misses out on the pleasure of taking the paper to his owner. but it s not all bad news for obedient dogs. the family pc has given dog owners access to a wealth of resources and information that can help with the long-term care that a dog needs, allen said. from finding the best vets to researching great new walks that all the family can enjoy, the web enables the pc to become a dog s best friend.
__label__non_math	0.9858	rate this movie genre: comedy musical romance aka: neil simon's the slugger's wife director: hal ashby cast: michael o'keefe, rebecca de mornay, martin ritt, randy quaid, cleavant derricks, lisa langlois, loudon wainwright iii, georgann johnson, danny tucker, lynn whitfield, al garrison, nicandra hood, ginger taylor, kay mcclelland, julie kemp atlanta braves power-hitter darryl palmer michael o'keefe falls in love with and marries rock singer debby rebecca de mornay . but almost immediately, a clash in their careers looms when darryl finds that he can't hit when debby is not present, and she feels trapped with no time for the music business. please type to help stop spam bot posts. you can vote for a rating without writing a review changes may not be visible for a few minutes
__label__non_math	0.9984	agents get information about auditions for roles, either directly from casting directors and producers calling them asking for client submissions, or from a service called "the breakdowns," a daily list of roles being cast, sent only to agents and managers. agents work for you, but they only get of what you make, so that means you need to do of the work - especially when you are getting started. that means always be professional, be skilled in acting, network and let casting directors, producers and directors know about your work upcoming performances by sending out postcards invitations, know your "type", and make sure you and your agent have an understanding about what kinds of parts you will be submitted for. do not randomly stop by agents offices unannounced, they do not accept personal drop-offs. avoid calling the office for now. simply send in your " x " color photo and resume, along with a brief cover letter. show the agents that you understand how valuable their time is by keeping the cover letter short and sweet. far too many actors end up writing a long cover letter, and the agents end up just trowing it in the "circular file" aka trash can. this is a sample of a good disney channel actors cover letter: superstar street beverly hills ca attn: mr. agent enclosed you will find my photo and resume for your consideration. i am currently seeking theatrical and or commercial representation. please feel free to contact me at the above phone number or email address. now the agent even has a few moments to actually look at the photo and resume then after about a week, give them a quick call and just say your name, tell them that you sent in a photo and resume, and that you are calling back as a follow up. they will usually write your name down, and say that they will give you a call if interested, or we are reviewing it, etc. again, just keep it short and show them that you value their time. they will be pleasantly surprised. say something like..... "no problem, i don't want to take up your time, but wanted to make a quick call to see if you are interested". they'll either be impressed and relieved at the brief conversation, or will be so caught off guard that they'll try to explain further. if they haven't said goodbye, then just repeat a variation of your previous words always offering them a chance to end the conversation and reinforcing that you know their time is valuable . agents get tired off so many actors calling and somewhat begging, "can i come in for an interview", or "i am very talented and would be a great addition to your roster". if you follow these steps, keep your letter and conversation brief, the agent will most likely appreciate it. many agents these days do not track submissions and will merely inform you of this when you call. also, several of the top agencies do not accept unsolicited photo and resume submissions, they only accept new clients through industry referral. so purchasing the hollywood representation directory is a very good idea because it lists the agents that do accept unsolicited submissions. it also lists the names of all of the different agents that work at the agency. you can purchase the hollywood representation directory here: hollywood creative directory 68th edition edition call the better business bureau to see if any complaints have been made against the agency. tips warnings
__label__non_math	1.0000	year released: mpaa rating: unrated running time: minutes click to expand credits: moo n is an imaginative black-and-white cut-out-style animation about a girl, the cow she loves, and a mischievous bee who gets the cow stuck on the moon. director leigh hodgkinson s imaginative and stylized look give the work a zany personality. posted on in reviews by jeremy mathews if you liked this article then you may also like the following film threat articles: - film threat s sundance wrap-up - black and baumbach are you kidman leigh? - gore at the valley - hip priest - one night the moon popular stories from around the web
__label__non_math	1.0000	mesh game bag a game bag with mesh, ideal for hunting in hot weather choose color size to order by phone, please call -866-860- designed for the warm weather upland bird hunter, the open design allows for maximum freedom of movement for shooting. polyester mesh back and game bag enhances evaporative cooling under hot conditions. pockets, game bag and waist band are made from our tough oil finish shelter cloth for strength and durability. pockets open and close easily with one hand. made in usa. - rear loading game bag; rear mesh pockets ideal for water bottles. - waist level bridle leather belt with brass-plated roller buckle. - large bellows pockets with snap tab closures. hunting, shooting, field wipe or brush clean only. made in usa of imported fabric.
__label__non_math	0.9994	the rain continued pouring hard as several ponies galloped for their lives while hundreds upon hundreds of monsters of indescribable horror descended upon them. the royal guard were completely overwhelmed by the sheer number of the creatures, the strange ground kept spreading over the town and more and more of those pod things kept falling from the sky, releasing more of the monsters. ponyville was lost, lyra realized with horror. the town was lost and they were all going to die at the claws of these nightmarish beasts. lyra tripped over a branch and she immediately realized she was doomed as one of the smaller creatures leaped up toward her, its claws outstretched to rip her open and kill her, lyra closed her eyes and accepted her fate... meanwhile, far above beyond the sky, beyond the very atmosphere of the world. a large cruiser orbited the planet and inside two men, terrans, watched several screens depicting the horrifying images from the planet. one of the terrans dressed in an officer s uniform, shook his head. this proves it. he said. the psi emitter can draw the zerg en masse. the rumours that mengsk and the sons of korhol were behind the invasion of tarsonis were true the other terran, dressed like royalty, with dark gray clothing and a long grey cape and a long sword sheathed and attached to his belt, smiled. i m surprised, he said. i thought the records were destroyed on mar sara, but mengsk is far more resourceful than we ever imagined. but just as ruthless. the officer replied. it turns out we weren t lying about him after all. the screens and lights in the cramped room flickered before turning off completely, causing the terran in the fancy clothes to curse. i thought we were too far from the rift for the energy waves to hit us sorry, sir. the officer said. i guess we were wrong. the royal terran pulled out an object from his pocket, a badge with the symbol of the confederacy of man. he examined it as he slowly walked toward the window, looking down on the world below the ship. well, the officer said. now that we know mengsk was the one who used the psi emitters, what do we do? simple, the royal terran answered. we return to our own dimension, and use the psi emitter to wipe out mengsk and his dominion, and we bring the confederacy and the old families back to power "with all due respect sir, we're one ship." the officer said. "if you hadn't sacrificed captain doro's ship days ago to bring the psi emitter and the zerg to this dimension, we'd have enough supplies to take over one of the fringe worlds and gather more confederate loyalists to join our cause." "with our psi emitters, we won't need more troops and supplies, we can just simply destroy the main zerg hive with on well-placed nuke right after they wipe out all resistance on the planet but before they can gain a stronger foothold "sir, you saw what the zerg did to tarsonis, they dug themselves so deep into the ground that the only thing that could get rid of them was if they decided to leave on their own, which they did "you make it sound like they're intelligent, general." the royal terran responded. "the zerg are beasts, nothing more. no intelligence, no strategy, just mindless beasts that attack and kill all in their path." before the officer could reply, the whole area shook and another crewman entered the room. the ship shook again and the sound of creaking metal could be heard. get to the drop-pods have you gone mad if you wish to remain onboard, be my guest. the officer said. but i m not staying here, dying in the vacuum of space isn t the most dignified, or painless, way to go. neither is dying at the hands of a thousand zerglings... the royal said, but nevertheless, he followed the officer and the other crewman to the drop-pods where everyone was already making their way to. outside, dozens of mutalisks tore at the large battlecruiser, ripping into its hull. none noticed the multitude of pods being jettisoned from the cruisers, flying towards the planet and heating up as they entered the planet s atmosphere. farther beyond the dead cruiser, a bright flash appeared as a large golden ship reminiscent to that of a zeppelin formed, the mutalisks immediately abandon the cruiser and flew towards the golden ship. inside one of the pods, the royal looked up between the skirmish of the zerg flying units and the large golden ship. "you know what's also another undignified way to go?" he asked the officer, who responded with a puzzled look. the royal pointed to the golden ship. "being melted by the protoss..."
__label__non_math	0.9847	due to the nature of the sport, concussions can occur in water polo. in the injury research study conducted in athens during the olympic games comparing injury incidence in all team sports, it was found that water polo was one of the safest of the team sports with a relative low injury rate. head injury was the most common injury suffered in water polo. as mentioned in the article by dr. drum, there are guidelines available for the diagnosis and management of concussion prague consensus on concussion . in answer to your question, any athlete who has symptoms of concussion should not be training or competing. all athletes with concussion symptoms should seek medical attention. read the full article 'water polo: doctor on deck'
__label__non_math	0.9824	bali climate conference has a message for rural community the world leaders recognised that of the global emission of greenhouse gases ghgs can be contained by forestation. the programme, reducing emissions from deforestation and degradation redd aims to compensate the developing countries in the tropical region to maintain their forests and discourages deforestation. it allows developing countries to sell carbon offsets to rich countries in return for not burning their tropical forests from . redd initiative is the need of the hour when largescale deforestation is taking place across the world for urbanisation, oil palm, soyabean and bio-fuel crop plantation. the bali conference also stressed upon the urgent need to cut carbon and methane emissions from tropical forests. the bali conference also adopted a resolution on adaptation fund to help poor nations to cope with damage from climate change impact like droughts, extreme weather conditions or rising seas. the adaptation fund now comprises only about - billion a year by , if investments in green technology in developing nations surges. the fund distinguished the responsibilities of the global environment facility and the world bank. the fund would have a -member board largely from developing countries and would start operating from . senior researchers of the united nations development fund undp had urged the developed countries to urgently discuss adaptation funds as the key to solution of the problems. the lead author of the recent undp report, kevin watkins said that as per estimate million the amount spent by uk alone on flood control for a week. a group of small island communities led by biotani indonesia foundation has urged that the adaptation fund should include a special corpus to cover their initiatives. the bali conference succeeded in adopting a resolution on technology tranfer and also its monitoring. it, however, failed address the vital issue of cut in ghg emissions and deferred it till . it also postponed until next year any consideration of a plan to fund an untested technology which captures and buries the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide, emitted from power plants that burn fossil fuels. it also failed to agree whether or not to allow companies to sell carbon offsets from destroying new production of powerful greenhouse gases called hydrofluorocarbons hfcs . benefiting factories have been the biggest winners under a un scheme to reward companies which cut greenhouse gas emissions. be the first to comment.
__label__non_math	0.9999	bharti airtel and idea cellular raise mobile phone rates bharti airtel, india's largest mobile phone operator, and idea cellular raised call charges mostly by way of reduction in free minutes or airtime available on most plans. price of pre-paid special vouchers that offer services at discounted rates was also hiked while validity period on some recharge coupons reduced. other operators like vodafone are likely to follow suit soon. airtel slashed free minutes available in certain plans by -per cent and hiked price of some call vouchers for prepaid customers by rs - -per cent , market sources said. the price hike would extend to all of telecom circles in phases, they said. the hike in call charges come as companies face thousands of crore in one-time surcharge on airwaves they hold beyond a threshhold. bharti airtel said in a statement it has not raised headline tariffs but reduced promotional benefits and free minutes offered to customers. the price change, it said, was in line with the increase in its costs. "there is no change in the headline tariff. in most circles we have reduced promotional benefits and free minutes on both acquisition and existing usage," the release said. idea, india's no carrier by revenue and no by customers, said it had effectively raised voice call prices in some parts of the country after withdrawing promotional offers. the company however did not provide any details. vodafone, the country's no be the first to comment.
__label__non_math	0.9932	india's rice output expected at 100 mn tons in : fao the global body on the farm sector had earlier forecast the rice output in india, the world's second largest producer, at .mt. this was due to late onset of monsoon rains leading to deficit in key northern and southern growing areas. fao in its latest 'food outlook' report said that output prospects in india were marred until august by below-normal precipitation, but have since been bolstered by a revival of the monsoon rains. "as a result, the country is predicted to harvest 100 mt in , mt less than its outstanding season, but still the second best result in history," fao said. the country had harvested a record 104.mt of rice in the crop year july june . "while the resulting replenishment of water reserves should foster an expansion of secondary rabi winter crop, the rains may have come too late for the main kharif summer crop to be unscathed," it added. the past few months of the season were dominated by concern over a possible recurrence of an el nino southern oscillation enso weather anomaly and slow progress of the monsoon rains in india, it said. "however, in august and september, india's fears were tempered by more generous pattern of the rainfall, and meteorological centre's predictions reverted back to a weak or neutral enso," it added. according to the be the first to comment.
__label__non_math	0.9935	new basmati variety to boost india's rice exports prospects the new variety referred as pusa basmati does not shatter in case of any delay in harvesting and has a superior grain quality compared to major trait of pusa , the biggest rice variety currently traded globally. the new variety takes 120-125 days to mature as against 145-155 days taken by pusa , which has more than share in india's basmati rice exports market. yield wise, the new variety is expected to give around .tonne per hectare against around .tonne reported for the widely grown variety. this variety is also set to help punjab and haryana farmers dealing with issue of depleting ground water level as it takes lesser time to grow. india exported basmati rice worth rs ,450 crore during . the first ever short duration long grained basmati variety has already undergone field trials in punjab and is to be introduced on a large scale in next year's kharif season. we have been working on developing the new variety of basmati rice for the last six years and even the trial conducted at patiala also show encouraging result this year s kharif. we hope to introduce the new variety by next kharif season, kv prabhu, head, division of genetics, iari told fe. pusa basmati was released for commercial cultivation in . this variety presently occupies more than .million hectare of basmati rice grown area estimated at around .mh. an official with agricultural processed food products export development authority apeda said india s basmati rice exports got a boost following the introduction of pusa variety in the global market. pusa received a huge demand from mostly middle-east countries such as iran and saudi araba. exporters have been upbeat about the development of new basmati variety. the new variety is expected to help the farmers in not only saving on water because of shorter duration of crop, it would increase the yield, vijay setia, former president, all-india rice exporters association and leading exporter of basmati rice said. last six years have been watershed years as far as india's basmati rice export goes. from a modest rs crore of aromatic rice exports during , the exports have increased by many times and expected to cross rs ,000 crore mark during current fiscal. india exports basmati rice to middle-east countries mostly iran, saudi arabia and uae, european union and the us. saudi arabia and iran account for more than of india's total basmati rice exports. be the first to comment.
__label__non_math	0.9772	according to a recent editorial from the guardian, the illicit activities that drive capital flight, such as drug trafficking and terrorist financing, are actually supported by legal infrastructure. namely, the lack of transparency in regions designated as tax havens allows for elaborate tax avoidance schemes and money laundering that funds these sorts of activities. as an example, banking company hsbc reportedly held a cayman islands subsidiary that handled some ,000 accounts, which drug lords used . . . to fuel their jet-set lives. according to the influential newspaper, politicians must address the issue of tax haven abuse. in affected countries such as the united kingdom, steps must be taken that increase both transparency and corporate tax accountability: experts suggest the uk should embrace a range of remedies, from pressing for automatic information-sharing agreements with other countries to increasing the level of corporate transparency in its own crown dependencies and overseas territories. a publicly available registers of trusts the vehicles commonly used for tax avoidance in tax havens would also be a positive step. so, too, would a decision by the uk government to support country by country reporting, whereby companies are required to show the profits and the tax they pay in each country within which they operate, an accounting initiative that would encourage transparency and accountability and highlight when tax havens were being used. politicians must also step forward. ed miliband has made the right noises by calling for jersey, guernsey and the isle of man to reveal the identity of british tax evaders with money hidden on the islands. but more needs to be done to make more accountable those in the city who push tax havens. highly remunerated executives must be held responsible for what happens on their watch in these often poorly supervised territories. for this reason, tax campaigners are pushing for a new law that recognises a crime of wilful blindness . under this scenario, executives and their financial advisers would be held accountable if they failed to ask searching questions of those clients for whom they opened dubious accounts in tax havens. the task force on financial integrity and economic development also encourages country-by-country reporting as an essential step toward tax reform. not only would this policy allow for regulation of corrupt business practices, but countries could more easily hold corporations accountable for tax payments that affect local budgets. disclaimer: unless specifically stated to be the views of the task force, the opinions expressed on this blog are solely the opinions of the individual blogger and are not necessarily those of the task force on financial integrity economic development.
__label__non_math	0.9568	mba discussion board cant take a decision joined: mar cant take a decisionmy past background :yrs experience in international sales product development for a large footwear manufacturing company in india, dealing with international clients like walmart, payless, sears etc in canada since june as a pr, working at the home depot, as a pro a c sales associate gmat : 650 gpa : don t know the no, but overall percentage school : applied to schulich york , ted rogers ryerson and de groote mcmaster and was accepted by the last two. my first choice was schulich its better then the two in every aspect , so i did not join any of the two, as i was holding on for an answer from schulich. they did not accept me as i had a three year bachelors degree from india. after having a discussion with schulich admissions director where i was told that i still have a chance, if i get a promotion , i applied to hult boston and was accepted. pros year, pretty goood international exposure, ranked in international business by ft, usd scholarship, has some reputation shows up on some rankings cons wont be able to stay in canada with my family, am not sure about job prospects in canada after studying at mid-tier us school pros year, low tuition fees cad , has a retail specialization which might work for me, get to stay with my family cons not really reputed, does not show up on any ranking pros a good global school with international exposure, is well reputed at least in canada , get to stay with my family in canada cons : months, am not sure whether i will be accepted i am not aiming really high like consulting finance, i am aiming to get into retail buying operations international trading brand management which one should i go for and why? if you are not aiming high, do you really need to get into good mba school having said that, i will obviously want my education at the best place possible what are the job prospects like in canada, if you study at a mid tier school in the us? thanks for going through my loooong post. any insight will be really helpful in helping me make the most imp decision of my life.
__label__non_math	1.0000	computer troubleshooters - nelson city vanguard street, nelson city, nelson, nelson computer troubleshooters is an international network of franchise owners providing onsite computer services to small businesses. no reviews yet. be the the 1st to review. telephone 539 539 mobile 021 224 021 224 toll free pctroub review computer troubleshooters - nelson city writing a review - be clear concise - if you had a bad experience, try to offer constructive suggestions remember everyone has a bad day - refrain from using peoples names - refrain from swearing
__label__non_math	0.9938	set out below are the terms and conditions under which fine art deco, inc. agrees to provide you or your company with our service, please read this service agreement carefully. if you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions, you must acknowledge your agreement below on behalf of yourself and the entity, if any, with whom you are employed or represent. once acknowledged, this document will constitute a legal agreement between fine art deco, inc. and you and any such entity you represent collectively referred to as "you" or "your" hereinafter . fine art deco, inc. may make future changes and modifications to such terms and conditions at any time without previous notice to our service users, your subsequent viewing or use of fineartdeco.com will constitute your agreement to the changes and modifications. please print out a copy of this agreement and retain it for future reference. "confidentiality is strictly enforced in our company. we will never provide our client's personal or contact information to any other company or entity". appointments and estimates . free estimates free estimates and on-site consultations are offered to our customers and future customers within miles of our office, there is a fee of for farther distances, this fee is refunded to you after we sign a service agreement. however we have other ways of giving free estimates for farther customers, it is as follow: - you can e-mail photos of the work-site, reference images of the desired work if any , if not then a detailed description of what you want to do, and you will receive an approximate price this price can vary the day we start the job . - other way is over the phone, but you will also have an approximate price that can vary when artist present at work-site this is applicable for small jobs only . . extra on-site visits if extra on-site visit is required by client before work time, the same rate will apply per visit. extra visit is considered when more than one . . appointment time appointment or on-site visit will last up to hour per place, if longer time is needed because of place or client conditions, there will be a fee of .per hour. . preliminary project presentation if a preliminary project presentation including rough scketch or graphic ideas is required by client before signing the service agreement, there will be a charge of .per project, this charge will cover the work time and expenses for this special requirement, and will be credited to the total price after the agreement is signed. . services to be performed contractor agrees to perform the services described in the work order known as exhibit a, which is attached and incorporated by referenceto to the agreement for creative contractor signed between client and fine art deco, inc. in consideration for the services to be performed by contractor, client agrees to pay contractor the total amount described in the agreement for creative contractor. contractor's total compensation may increase if extra work is solicited by client. . terms of payment contractor shall be paid of the total contract price upon signing the agreement and the remaining amount due when contractor completes the services. client shall pay contractor within five days from the date of service completion. it is expressly understood that the initial payment of of the contract price shall be non refundable and will be used to cover preliminary designs and project materials. . late fees late payments by client shall be subject to late penalty fees of per month from the due date until the amount is paid. payments shall be considered late if the fee has not been paid within five days of work completion. contractor shall be responsible for all expenses incurred while performing services agreed. however, client shall reimburse contractor for all reasonable travel and living expenses necessarily incurred by contractor while away from contractor's regular place of business to perform services. contractor shall submit an itemized statement of such expenses. client shall pay contractor within days from the date of each statement. client agrees to reimburse contractor for the rental of any industrial equipment necessary to complete the contemplated work. contractor will furnish all materials and equipment used to provide the services required by the agreement. . intellectual property ownership contractor hereby licenses to client the intellectual property rights in the work created or developed by contractor under the agreement. this license is conditioned upon full payment of the compensation due contractor under the agreement. contractor reserves all rights not expressly granted to client by the agreement. fine art inc. reserves the right to use its decorative creations for marketing purposes. client agrees to allow the taking of photographs to be used in catalogs, web pages, posters, business cards or any other media. fine art will not disclose the client's name, address or any other personal client information without the client's expressed written consent. . reusable materials contractor owns or holds a license to use and sublicense various materials in existence before the start date of the agreement contractor's materials . include, but are not limited to, those items used in the work performed under the agreement. contractor retains all right, title and interest, including all copyrights, patent rights and trade secret rights in contractor's materials. contractor grants client a royalty-free nonexclusive license to use any contractor's materials incorporated into the work performed by contractor under the agreement. the license shall have a perpetual term and may not be transferred by client. . work schedule contractor shall provide to the client and approximate work schedule for completion of the contracted work. contractor reserves the right to amend the dates and hours during which the work will take place and shall consult with the client prior to instituting any material change to the work schedule. the contractor shall not be responsible for delays caused by factors beyond its control, such a severe weather events, labor strikes, material shortages or governmental prohibitions. client agrees to grant the contractor reasonable access to the work site during the agreed work schedule. . use of subcontractors . client agrees to contractor's use of subcontractors in the performance of the work. the contractor shall pay subcontractors. . term of agreement tthe agreement for creative contractor will become effective when signed by both parties and will terminate on the earlier of the date contractor completes the services required by the agreement or the date a party terminates the agreement as provided below. . terminating the agreement with reasonable cause, either party may terminate the agreement effective immediately by giving written notice of termination for cause. reasonable cause includes: a material violation of the agreement, or nonpayment of contractor's compensation after days written demand for payment. contractor shall be entitled to full payment for services performed prior to the effective date of termination. . independent contractor status contractor is an independent contractor, not client's employee. contractor's employees or subcontractors are not client's employees. contractor and client agree to the following rights consistent with an independent contractor relationship. contractor has the right to perform services for others during the term of the agreement. contractor has the sole right to control and direct the means, manner and method by which the services required by the agreement will be performed. contractor has the right to hire assistants as subcontractors, or to use employees to provide the services required by the agreement. contractor guarantees that the work performed shall of workman-like quality equal to the professional standards in the industry. contractors' warrantee includes the feasibility of the products used, the technique applied and the preparation of work surfaces. contractor shall not be responsible for poor surface conditions or structural supports where the work will be done, for deterioration of the finished product due water leaks, humidity, excessive heat or chemicals. if the decorative creation suffers significant damage under normal conditions or due to negligent application or poor quality of the material, the contractor shall the restore the work at no cost to the client. if the damage is caused by any item not covered by this warrantee the contractor shall assess the reason for the damage and the client may request restorative work at its own expense. . modifying the agreement client and contractor recognize that: contractor's original cost and time estimates may be too low due to unforeseen events, or to factors unknown to contractor when the agreement was made client may desire a mid-project change in contractor's services that would add time and cost to the project and possibly inconvenience contractor, or other provisions of this agreement may be difficult to carry out due to unforeseen circumstances. if any intended changes or any other events beyond the parties' control require adjustments to the agreement, the parties shall make a good faith effort to agree on all necessary particulars. such agreements shall be put in writing, signed by the parties and added to the main agreement. . resolving disputes if a dispute arises under the agreement for creative contractor, any party may take the matter to court. if any court action is necessary to enforce this agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorney fees, costs and expenses in addition to any other relief to which he or she may be entitled. . limited liability this provision allocates the risks under the agreement between contractor and client. contractor's pricing reflects the allocation of risk and limitation of liability specified below. contractor's total liability to client under the agreement for damages, costs and expenses shall not exceed the compensation received by contractor under the agreement. neither party to the agreement shall be liable for the other's lost profits, or special, incidental or consequential damages, whether in an action in contract or tort, even if the party has been has been advised by the other party of the possibility of such damages. . no partnership the agreement for creative contractor does not create a partnership relationship. neither party has authority to enter into contracts on the other's behalf. . applicable law the agreement for creative contractor will be governed by the laws of the state of florida. venue shall lie in miami-dade county florida. by entering and using fine art deco, inc. web site you are affirmatively stating that you have read and understood the rules set forth herein and are affirmatively indicating that you agree to be bound by same.
__label__non_math	1.0000	brown rice salad with apples and cheddar this hearty grain and lentil salad travels well, making it great for a weekday lunch. - cups brown rice cup plus tbs. extra-virgin olive oil, more as needed cup cider vinegar freshly ground black pepper cup diced apples -inch dice cup halved seedless grapes cup sliced celery -inch-thick slices cup cooked brown lentils cup diced cheddar cup chopped toasted almonds cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley rinse the rice under cold water and drain. bring cups of water to a boil in a -quart pot over high heat. add tsp. salt. add the rice, reduce the heat to a simmer, and cook uncovered, stirring occasionally and adding more boiling water as necessary to keep the rice covered, until tender, about to minutes. drain and rinse the rice with cold water to stop the cooking. transfer the rice to a foil-lined rimmed baking sheet, drizzle with tbs. of the olive oil, and toss lightly to coat. spread the rice on the baking sheet and cool completely at room temperature or in the refrigerator. put the vinegar in a small bowl and gradually whisk in the remaining cup of oil. taste and season with salt, pepper, and additional vinegar or oil as needed. put the cooked and cooled rice in a large serving bowl and toss to break up any clumps. add the apples, grapes, celery, lentils, cheddar, almonds, parsley, and cup vinaigrette and toss. taste and season as needed with more vinaigrette, salt, and pepper, and serve. make ahead tips the salad can be refrigerated for up to day. if making ahead, let sit at room temperature so it s not refrigerator-cold and season with more vinaigrette, salt, and pepper before serving. nutrition information per serving : photo: scott phillips from fine cooking 117 , pp. -
__label__non_math	0.9998	sunday s roast chicken was a hit. now what? we ve got the inspiration you need to turn those leftovers into quick, convenient, diverse meals during the week. from pot pie to pad thai, these recipes make for leftovers you ll actually plan for and look forward to. turn your leftover chicken into bibimbap, the korean meal-in-a-bowl rice dish. here, carrots, stir-fried zucchini, and shiitake mushrooms adorn the rice, each of them infused with sesame oil. chicken and mushroom risotto the dark meat of leftover citrus-marinated roasted chicken remains tender in this easy-to-make risotto. golden chicken, corn orzo soup making a really good chicken soup from scratch doesn t have to be an all-day affair. with leftover chicken finely diced or shredded into pieces, this feel-good soup comes together in less than minutes. poblanos stuffed with cheddar and chicken these are not the stuffed peppers of your childhood they're better. poblano chiles are rich and flavorful with a mild to medium heat. using leftover cooked chicken and rice speeds up the already quick prep. grilled pizza with buffalo chicken and blue cheese here, leftover chicken becomes a red hot addition to a pizza reminiscent of classic pub food fare. soft chicken tacos with the works leftover roast chicken shredded into thin strips is rounded out by vegetables, avocado, and queso fresco in these super-simple weeknight tacos. chicken caesar salad with garlic-parmesan toasts this take on caesar salad is lighter and brighter than most. lemon juice and zest punch up the vinaigrette, while a little mascarpone, instead of the traditional raw egg yolks, imparts richness. tex-mex chicken salad use the leftovers from a juicy beer-brined chicken to make a tex-mex chunky salad that you can serve as a quick weeknight sandwich or on tortilla chips as a snack or appetizer. pad thai with chicken and shrimp leftover chicken is transformed into a take-out favorite in this fresh, simple stir-fry. chicken tostadas with black beans cilantro-lime cream these fresh, crunchy, colorful tostadas are the perfect showcase for shredded leftover white meat from citrus-marinated roasted chicken, which is gently and briefly reheated with a bit of the pan juice from the recipe. old-fashioned chicken pot pie sunday s roast becomes a comfort food classic in this golden pot pie. make it your own by adding some mushrooms, potatoes, or any other vegetable you like. coconut rice with chicken snow peas stir-fries are natural destination for leftover chicken. for this recipe, dark meat is prized, so be sure to put some aside to really make this dish sing. mediterranean chicken salad fennel, raisins and pine nuts give this salad, made with leftover chicken, mediterranean personality. for an easy meal, serve the salad in sandwiches on ciabatta or baguette segments quick chicken chili the roasted chicken that you paused sunday night football to eat becomes the chili that fills their bellies during monday night football s game. chips and dip optional. quick chocolate desserts celebrating spring vegetables -minute strawberry recipes spring dinner salads finecooking.com is a part of the taunton home and garden network taunton home books videos product recall information taunton guarantee user agreement work for us the taunton press, inc. .
__label__non_math	0.9855	get free standard shipping on all orders of . offer is valid to us addresses only, not valid for ak and hi. our easy days risk free refund and return policy. at finejewelers.com, we want you to be absolutely satisfied with your purchase. our very easy no questions asked days return policy, allows you to return for any reason any order, and get your choice of a full refund or exchange within days from the date of shipment. type the code from the image the page you have requested is not available. 925 sterling silver switch it gems more birth stones ....
__label__non_math	1.0000	with water lavishing her feet, this gorgeous nude female stands in a graceful pose as she pulls her long hair back. standing within a sea shell basin and accompanied by a playful cherub, this is an excellent fountain for your home. height: in more infomation or ordering? north america visitors, call us toll free -866-860- united kingdom vistors call our london number anytime at tel: 020 as with most of our marble products we can modify this item to any of your dimensional, color or conceptual requirements. we can also create custom designed bronze items. contact a sales representative for more information. click here for for more information on marble fireplaces or a custom size marble mantel price quote. thank-you for your interest in this beautiful marble product. if you would like to purchase this item now or if you require more information on this product, please fill out the form below and we will contact you shortly with the information you requested. company info: fine's gallery invites you to browse all our marble and bronze architectural design elements. featuring beautiful custom designed and hand-sculpted statues, commercial and residential fountains such as monumental sized pedestal fountains and pools or smaller artistically pleasing wall fountains. we also have an extensive online inventory of beautifully designed hand-carved marble fireplace mantels in many different styles, colors and sizes. our hand-sculpted marble statues or cast bronze statues will bring the finishing touch on any of your commercial or residential decorating need. fine gallery offers a vast amount of custom architectural design elements such as columns, entranceways, window treatments, balusters, floor or wall mosaics and much more. offering custom designed marble memorials and religious statues and specializing in custom designs that will provide for you the perfect memorial or monument. let our custom marble team help you with any of your artistic or architectural marble or bronze need, our team of on staff marble designers are ready to serve you right from the conceptual design to the finished installed product. contact us today our visit our other website italian designs in marble located at and browse our wide selection of marble and bronze products. our custom designed marble products are created from natural marble stone that is quarried from worldwide locations.
__label__non_math	0.8247	no man can purchase his virtue too dear, for it is the only thing whose value must ever increase with the price it has cost us. our integrity is never worth so much as when we have parted with our all to keep it. the manner of giving is worth more than the gift nothing is so dangerous as an ignorant friend; a wise enemy is worth more. one good mother is worth a hundred schoolmasters. when we are angry or depressed in our creativity, we have misplaced our power. we have allowed someone else to determine our worth,?and then we are angry at being undervalued. history is more or less bunk. it's tradition. we don't want tradition. we want to live in the present and the only history that is worth a tinker's damn is the history we make today. a day, an hour, of virtuous liberty is worth a whole eternity in bondage. money is like manure; it's not worth a thing unless it's spread around encouraging young things to grow. one failure is worth seven and a half successes he who understands you is greater kin to you than your own brother. for even your own kindred neither understand you nor know your true worth. there is no such thing as absolute value in this world. you can only estimate what a thing is worth to you. poetry is all that is worth remembering in life. a husband wife in montana make it a point not to argue over anything not worth arguing about. of course, this leads to some dandy fights over whether or not a subject is worthwhile. an ounce of facts is worth a ton of arguments. a picture is worth a thousand words; a slide show is both. young people must learn that none of the exciting and entertaining fun things are worth it if they take you off the path that will lead you back home to your heavenly father. the way a team plays as a whole determines its success. you may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don't play together, the club won't be worth a dime. a little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle. do you want me to tell you something really subversive? love is everything it's cracked up to be. that's why people are so cynical about it. . . . it really is worth fighting for, being brave for, risking everything for. and the trouble is, if you don't risk anything, you risk even more. worry not that no one knows of you; seek to be worth knowing. a problem not worth praying about is not worth worrying about. i refuse to spend my life worrying about what i eat. there is no pleasure worth forgoing just for an extra three years in the geriatric ward. human rights rest on human dignity. the dignity of man is an ideal worth fighting for and worth dying for. the writer's only responsibility is to his art. he will be completely ruthless if he is a good one... if a writer has to rob his mother, he will not hesitate; the ode on a grecian urn is worth any number of old ladies. any writer worth the name is always getting into one thing or getting out of another thing.
__label__math	0.9573	samba is not that complicated... but there are some pitfalls. this is a working smb.conf where most shares can be accessed by guest users and some share can only accessed by authenticated users: this config is just to share var www ... we use this on a virtualbox linux guest to make things easier for testing. none of the above configs is safe or trustworthy in general. these configs just here to have a starting point. no warranty, no nothing. use it or leave it as it is.
__label__non_math	1.0000	style: 001 grade school nike benassi kd swoosh slide sandals step into the nike benassi kd swoosh slide sandals to relax and rejuvenate tired, achy feet after a rough game or a killer victory. signature phylon foam throughout the midsole offers superior cushioning, while the pebbled footbed massages key points on your feet for the ultimate in after-workout relaxation. the synthetic, water-resistant upper and jersey lining combine for durability and comfort. treat your feet anytime they need a pick-me-up in the nike benassi kd swoosh slide sandals. - upper: synthetic with jersey lining - midsole: cushioned with phylon foam - outsole: pebbled footbed
__label__non_math	0.9995	style: 402 boys' toddler nike sunray protect if your kids are crawling, they're old enough for their first pair of nikes, and these super-stylish nike sunray protect toddler slide sandals have all the features you want and then some for when your little guy or gal. totally durable and ready for anything, these sandals are like personal bodyguards for tiny feet. they're prepared to protect no matter what. no-slip rubber wraps around the toe for superior defense against stubbing, and the lightweight cushioning makes them comfy enough for all-day wear. what's more, a spandex backing makes these sandals fabulously flexible and the velcro fasteners offer an easy, one-step adjustable fit. who knew something so tough could also be so comfy?
__label__non_math	0.9965	style: 084 nike t90 shoot iv grade school soccer shoes help your kid kick their way to victory in the nike t90 shoot iv kids soccer shoes. they feature responsive cushioning and synthetic leather to ensure a secure and supportive fit. the traction specific outsole delviers a dynamic grip on the indoor court. you may also like boys' grade school puma voltaic jr shoeswas: . off nike woodside kids' bootswas: . off girls' preschool nike dual fusion run running shoeswas: . off boys' grade school nike dual fusion run running shoeswas: . off
__label__non_math	1.0000	style: wr0236aa 026 women's asics shikotan tank add some funky style to your gym wardrobe with the cool and confident asics shikotan women's tank top. perfect for your favorite activities, this tank is a gym-going fashionista's dream. this strappy, racerback tank gives you the freedom of movement you need while training, while also showing off your hard work. the brightly hued straps criss-cross in the back and again in the front for a flattering look, while the stretch fabric moves with you and wicks away sweat so you stay looking fresh even when things start to really heat up. cute and confident, this unique workout top is sure to help you standout in the gym.
__label__non_math	1.0000	patent transactions and strategic counseling develop your strategy. realize your rewards. in today s fast-moving global market, innovations in technology and science afford companies of all sizes a competitive advantage. but innovation itself is not enough. managing the underlying intellectual property becomes a critical part of business strategy. in fact, the ip strategy of a business can determine how products are developed, whether new markets are entered, and, in some cases, whether an enterprise even succeeds. survey the landscape. identify opportunities. innovative start-ups, multinational corporations, and other ip-driven organizations turn to finnegan for guidance when considering their ip options. we work with each client s business, legal, and technical staffs to develop ip portfolios that align with their business objectives. we assess existing and developing portfolios to ensure that business plans are built on and around products based on strong ip protection that avoid infringement. this often entails identifying and prioritizing assets with recommendations to license technologies or sell marginal assets to generate revenue, to donate or even abandon assets to reduce costs, and to identify acquisitions to strengthen or expand an existing portfolio. due diligence. assess risks. move forward with confidence. in fast-moving, high-pressure mergers, acquisitions, partnering, and investment transactions, obtaining an accurate and comprehensive intellectual property evaluation is critical. the possible outcome of pending or potential litigation, the assignability of a company s ip agreements, and the scope and ownership of ip rights are just some of the issues to consider. our deep understanding of varied technologies and mastery of ip law allow us to help companies react quickly to any issue that emerges during an ip transaction, to provide thoughtful and accurate answers to investors questions, and to craft contract terms that properly allocate risks. we deliver highly targeted and sophisticated analyses of the ip assets at issue that can help drive an equitable deal. we have conducted successful due diligence on matters as complex as the exxon mobil merger, and as focused as an analysis of in-license agreements of an innovative biotech start-up that was being considered for later-round funding. our size, technical background, and experience allow us to assemble and mobilize a well-matched team that quickly identifies key issues, proposes options for mitigating risks, and outlines a strategy for strengthening our client s bargaining position. ideally, due diligence investigations are conducted at the onset of negotiations, allowing time for a reasoned analysis of the value of the ip portfolio and time for corrective action to address issues that may influence the deal. mine and map your portfolio unlocking and understanding your assets in a larger context can reveal your position in the market and expose roadblocks to maneuver around and opportunities for moving forward with confidence. we utilize our technical skills to search prior art, literature, and relevant patents around the globe. our mapping techniques enable us to outline the applicable information in a highly accessible and easily understood format. but there is no substitute for knowledge and experience when interpreting the data and how it can be used to shape your ip business strategy within the context of the market. we help you understand the strength and breadth of your patents and whether obstacles are something to challenge or to design around. when you are facing a bet-the-company decision, this insight is vital to your success. evaluate your ip assets through opinions and counseling we render hundreds of opinions a year ranging from a single opinion on a specific patent to providing long-term, ongoing counseling on complex patent portfolios or litigation. we routinely address patent validity, enforceability, misuse, design-around issues, licensing potential, ip contract construction and enforcement, and export controls. we regularly partner with our clients legal, business, and technical staffs to identify the potential for risk and reward, from idea to revenue-generating portfolios. in addition to transactional counseling, we routinely advise clients on prelitigation strategies. our extensive litigation experience gives us firsthand insight into the various types of arguments opponents may raise. combining our litigation and ip transactional experience allows us to help guide our clients to favorable settlements of disputes before or during litigation. generate value through licensing, pooling, and other transactions leveraging patents, trade secrets, or portions of an ip portfolio can often generate revenue streams, open new markets, or shut down competitors. we have advised leading corporations and other innovative companies in virtually every type of ip-related transaction. we have helped clients set up and run licensing programs that have generated significant revenue streams, and we have worked with clients to pool patents and deal with standards issues. our legal and technical experience and our background in the business of exploiting technology and ip assets bring our clients a strategic advantage. ip transactions, often global in nature, require a business-savvy partner with legal and technical expertise. transactions may be simple licenses for income or complex strategic alliances providing product and market access to both parties. we can analyze the potential for generating royalty income from existing ip rights, then formulate and execute licensing programs to help you realize full revenue potential. we advise on everything in a transaction program, from the initial confidential evaluation agreement through management of the portfolio of executed ip agreements. as business relationships evolve, we assist in enforcing or amending obligations in those agreements. finnegan is a pioneer in the development of ip licensing. our lawyers have played an instrumental role in the establishment and ongoing management of the licensing executives society les , and continue to serve in leadership roles in les usa and canada and lesi international . we are recognized authorities in ip transactions law and serve as adjunct professors and contributing authors to licensing and transactional publications. export control and regulatory guidance developing an international patent strategy requires careful navigation of shifting regulatory and administrative requirements of trade and export controls. the reach is broad, affecting u.s. companies or organizations that export materials, software, and technologies, as well as non-u.s. companies that may utilize such exports in products of their own. in the current global environment, the trend is toward aggressive enforcement, and the penalties are severe. playing by the rules is essential. a failure to understand the nuances could mean losing access to key markets and the potential of fines and prosecutions through inadvertent violation of export regulations. finnegan brings highly focused experience in this specialized area. with our extensive resources, we are well positioned to guide you through the complex maze of u.s. regulations governing the export of materials, software, or technology and even the transfer of knowledge. we regularly advise clients on export regulations, provide opinions on classifications, apply for licenses or license exceptions, and, should the need arise, litigate enforcement actions. innovative companies recognize the opportunities the u.s. government provides to reach new markets and increase revenue. but this collaboration is often characterized by unique legal nuances and complexities when it comes to protecting your ip. for example, your proprietary information might be inadvertently released through the freedom of information act. to protect yourself, you need a firm with experience, a firm that knows the current law as well as its evolution, and that understands where red tape may stall progress. finnegan has represented and worked with many federal agencies and departments including virtually every federal research funding agency. as research and development expenditures soar, public private research has become an increasingly attractive vehicle for funding innovative research. finnegan can help protect your interests as you obtain grants or work with national laboratories and funding agencies to research innovative solutions. the guidance you need to meet business objectives finnegan has the experience and resources to help your business succeed: - strategic portfolio management - due diligence - patent mining and mapping - opinions and counseling - ip transactions - business and technical collaborations - licensing programs - negotiating and drafting agreements - patent pooling and standards - export control - government contracts
__label__math	0.7022	originally posted by eitecombat when you say so-so, what could you compare it to? i'm just looking for mainly a decent day scope for my ar without paying full price for an eotech or aimpoint. i figure i could get this thing cheap since its at auction and the nightvision would be a bonus. so-so as in "it's like looking through lime jello". i would not use it primarily as a day scope. lot's of them around for not too many bucks. take a look at the millett dms-. i've got a weaver v-on one lightweight ar--not "tactical" but it works just fine.
__label__non_math	1.0000	blue sun room images coming real soon category: graphics times read: rating: series: firefly thursday, thursday, thursday, thursday, thursday, thursday, friday, friday, you must log in to post comments. other artworks by artist all firefly graphics and photos on this page are all other graphics and texts are this website is not affiliated with the official firefly site, mutant enemy, inc., or 20th century fox.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the amherst fire chiefs association recently elected officers for . michael parker, chief of the ellicott creek fire company, was chosen as president; john buttino, chief of the eggertsville hose company, vice president; and joseph rozbicki, chief of the north amherst fire company, secretary treasurer. the amherst fire chiefs association was founded in as a forum for the leaders of amherst s volunteer fire companies to discuss fire safety practices and prevention methods, with hopes of reducing loss, and preserving the area s assets. currently, several projects are under discussion including training, communications and emergency medical services. john p. buttino amherst fire chief's association eggert road amherst, ny 716-836- fire station
__label__non_math	1.0000	your search "" did not find any matches. tips to improve your search: - browse and refine - use the browse tab on the left navigation bar to select a category, then refine your search using the refine tab - check spelling - make sure all words are spelled correctly. common misspellings are automatically corrected - shop for a brand - enter the brand name in your search - search by item number - find your exact product using the product item number found in catalogs and on invoices still not finding what you need? our friendly customer service representatives can help. the live help feature allows you to chat online instantly with a representative who can offer assistance in finding direct product links and answering questions.
__label__non_math	0.9999	just when you thought things were looking up for brooke mueller; she may have put herself in hot water with the law. the ex-wife of actor and self-proclaimed winner charlie sheen, was arrested friday, december 2nd in aspen colorado. police reports state the -year-old was arrested for cocaine possession and assault . police officers responded to the nightclub escobar after a woman reported brooke as the assailant who attacked her. a spokesperson for the aspen police department confirmed to people, mueller was arrested and charged with assault in the third degree and possession of cocaine with the intent to distribute. this isn t the first time brooke mueller has found herself in trouble with the law. after posting a bail bond of ,000, brooke won t be due in district court until . in spite of friday evenings arrest, mueller s legal team is confident that all charges will be dropped what are your thoughts on brooke s situation?
__label__non_math	0.9998	thank you for visiting my fundraising page the police unity tour is a day bicycle ride from florham parkn nj to the national law enforcement memorial in washington dc. the motto of the tour is "we ride for those who have died". the purpose of the tour is to raise funds to keep the memory of those who have died in the line of duty alive, to upkeep the memorial and to lend support to surviving family. each rider participant has to raise in order to take part in the ride. this is my first year participating, there is a team of people from my department that have done this ride in the past and all keep returning year after year. donating through this website is simple, fast and totally secure. it is also the most efficient way to support my fundraising efforts. many thanks for your support -- and don't forget to forward this to anyone who you think might want to donate too
__label__non_math	1.0000	citi has upgraded tata steel to buy from neutral , on the back of attractive valuations, after a percent underperformance versus the sensex over the past year. it said that the stock deserves a premium to global peers due to its raw material integration leading to steadier earnings. citi has said global steel margins will improve from on better volumes, and india earnings will remain stable. europe ebitda will rise from ; recent stock underperformance leaves little room for downside, citi said in a note on friday. citi has said that indian steel mills with captive raw materials, such as tata steel, are better placed to protect margins as prices weaken and steel imports rise. citi cut target price to rs 430 from rs 446.
__label__non_math	0.9980	new delhi: prime minister manmohan singh tonight rejected bjp s demand to hold in abeyance appointment of new cbi director ranjit sinha and termed as unwarranted insinuation the charge that the decision was to preempt the procedure recommended by the select committee on lokpal. in a letter to bjp leader arun jaitley, the prime minister said the premier investigating agency could not be kept without a head pending the enactment of the lokpal and the question of keeping the new appointment in abeyance does not arise . jaitley and sushma swaraj had written letters to the prime minister saying that appointment of the new cbi director should not have been done when the rajya sabha select committee had recommended that such appointments should be done through a collegium. the prime minister said: the insinuation that the appointment was made to preempt the procedure recommended by the select committee is wholly unwarranted and devoid of any merit. i also refute the suggestion that the appointments to this post in the past by the upa government were motivated by collateral considerations, he added. the lokpal and lokayuktas bill was still awaiting passage in the rajya sabha and it was referred to a select committee which has tabled its report today in the rajya sabha, singh said. many changes have been suggested by the select committee which are required to be considered by the government for introducing official amendments. after the bill as amended is duly passed by the rajya sabha, it will be returned to the lok sabha for further consideration, he said. he said even as the government was making all efforts to enact the new law, the top post in the cbi could not be kept vacant. under the circumstances the government has, in public interest, made the appointment in accordance with the provisions of the cvc act as presently applicable and the extant procedures, which had been set in motion much earlier, the prime minister said. sinha, a batch officer of bihar cadre, has been appointed as the next cbi chief. he is presently the director general of indo-tibetan border police itbp force.
__label__non_math	0.9972	recent fis news below you will find a listing of recent fis news find your news sochi reveals official slogan hot.cool.yours. 500 days before the opening ceremony of the olympic winter games in sochi, the organising committee has announced its official slogan: "hot.cool.yours." the slogan is intended to be a universal solution combining innovation and dynamism. the first word "hot." reflects the intensity of sporting battle and the passion of the spectators, and it emphasizes the host location of the games, the southern resort city of sochi. the word "cool." references the timing of the games, the fact that it is winter games, as well as alluding to traditional perceptions of russia in the rest of the world. the last word "yours." symbolizes personal involvement and shows that while the games is a large-scale national project everybody can share in the victories and the sense of pride. in addition, the organising committee has announced the visual representation of the olympic sports that will be staged in sochi: stylised pictograms of sports and olympic disciplines will be used to guide visitors at the olympic venues, and appear on tickets, events schedules and sochi licensed merchandise. the new sochi pictograms have been carefully created incorporating the look of the first olympic games in the history of russia moscow . celebrations for 500 days countdown across russia various sports and music events were held in russian cities in conjunction with the 500-day milestone on 25th september. the culmination of the celebrations was an all-russia national flashmob, the main participants of which were the sochi volunteers drawn from the volunteer centres, representing of the country's regions. at the squares, stadiums and indoor sports complexes in their respective cities, more than ,000 volunteers participated in the construction of giant olympic pictograms. in addition to the flashmob, symbolic 500 meter relays representing the winter olympic sports, were held in the nation s cities, each dedicated to a different type of sport. in sochi itself, the participants of the relay demonstrated snowboarding, covering a set distance on skateboards and passing each other the relay baton. dmitry chernyshenko, president of the sochi organising committee, said: we have reached another significant milestone: there are now only 500 days remaining until the xxii olympic winter games. in fact, we have entered the finishing straight in our preparations for this extremely important event in russia's history. i'm glad that this celebration has managed to involve, both in terms of spectacle and the scale, the whole country into games preparations."
__label__non_math	1.0000	game fisher s diary february issue free to view the february issue of game fisher s diary, the video magazine for the serious fly angler, is now live here on this website and its all free to view. it is crammed full of short features and full length tv style programmes to keep you entertained all month the three hours of top quality content in this month s issue includes: fly tying, casting instruction, classic shows and fish being caught on the fly in scores of different locations. highlights of february s issue include: rae borras joins the oldest fly fishing club in england to find out what anglers can achieve if they work together. back country florida paul young discovers why anglers the world over love to target the awesome bonefish. lures on a sinking line steve cullen from total fly fisher with set-up advice for fishing for stillwater and reservoir trout with lure tactics . salmon fly of the month guide and expert fly tyer carl humphries shows how to tie the collie dog. trout fly of the month robbie winram shows how to tie up the hothead taddy cat, a mini lure with an enticing tail action. hardy zenith sintrix rods robin elwes from farlow's of pall mall takes a look at hardy s sumptuous new zenith rod incorporating sintrix . wychwood competition fly box steve cullen discusses why he s become a fan of the excellent fly box system from the wychwood fly range fly fishing for salmon line choice is all-important for any fly fishing including targeting salmon. ace fly angler rae borras is your guide. lost world of mr hardy clip from the evocative film about people who dedicate their lives to the pursuit of perfect fly fishing tackle. fabulous saltwater fly fishing with the magnificent kingfish the target species. sea bass on flies guide julian anwyl discusses his favourite fly patterns for targeting saltwater bass. high-octane fly fishing from some of the world s most breathtaking destinations. tasmanian trout pt ii pete morse and guide neil grose keep ringing the changes to keep the spectacular tasmanian trout coming. bass 'n fly challenge high adrenaline, hard-core fly fishing from the fish eye crew essential trout flies robin elwes from farlow's of pall mall reveals six fly patterns that he would never go fishing without dry fly new zealand more stunning fly fishing action with huge wild trophy trout in new zealand s incredible back country. it s all free to view here on this website in the february issue of game fisher s diary. just click on the link below to get started and use the arrows to scroll through the playlist. articles by the same author - do the continental with game fisher s diary - game fisher s diary aug sept issue: free to view - home for salmon free to view - the county kerry experience free to view - game fisher s diary watch for free - game fisher s diary february issue free to view
__label__non_math	1.0000	the fisher wallace stimulator insomnia, anxiety, depression and pain can now be treated with a portable medical device that is cleared by the fda and endorsed by the nation's top doctors. clinically proven in multiple published studies, the fisher wallace stimulator causes no serious side effects and comes with a -day money-back guarantee. our device is safe to use while taking medication and often reduces symptoms within - weeks. customer service: 800.692. choose your symptom to learn more
__label__non_math	0.9914	originally posted by: davesett2000 on : ok let's give this a whirl here's a couple of maps of the arkansas river around the little rock area... if ya look fairly closely, you can tell that there is more to this area than meets the eyes. in the next few days i'll post a series of more close up maps of this area...and give some impressions i have...from reading the maps...and info i find on the 'net. if you'd like to check it out yourself, click on this link...and zoom and navigate.
__label__non_math	0.9981	thanks to three of my favorite things red wine, beer, and coffee my teeth haven t been as pearly white as usual. but i don t have the patience for whitening strips, so i opted for gosmile their little ampoules are about the size of a pencil eraser and i loved pretending i was erasing the stains from my teeth within just a few days seriously, like, three days i already felt more prepared to face the photographer at a wedding i was attending. even better: gosmile has toothpaste to keep my teeth white and touch-up ampoules that i can use for immediately after i indulge in a glass of malbec. cheers to a brighter, whiter holiday season listen up, beauty babes: tomorrow, friday, march , you can score ., on qvc and qvc.com. as the featured today s special value, this set the miracle of maracuja skin smart collection is packed with some perfect products to transition you from spring to summer: all that, and you get to save nearly 140 bucks. hop on over to qvc.com this friday to score the deal. p.s. while we re on the topic of saving money, don t miss our financially fit by christie griffin, digital director
__label__non_math	0.9998	sarah chalke interview actress sarah chalke fulfills in real life her scrubs character s obsession with having a baby. fp: and how will you get back into shape? sc: because of the industry i m in it definitely crosses my mind, but i want to have a balanced approach, i want to spend time getting to know my baby. i can t wait to put the baby in a carrier or buggy and bring him to a mommy-and-me class. fp: have you always wanted to have kids? sc: absolutely i grew up in a family with two sisters, one years younger than me, and my parents ran an adoption agency. so we had lots of babies around and i ve always known i want to be a mother. fp: what kind of mom do you think you ll be? sc: one thing i know for sure: i m gonna love the crap out of this kid. jamie and i are so ready. parenting is daunting; you re handed this perfect little human and your job is to keep him safe and raise a kind person. i ve had some good examples: my sister says always go with your instinct. and my parents had a philosophy: no unnecessary no s. they kept the no s for the really important stuff. you need to find that balance, so that your kids respect you and still have a relationship that feels right.and i just know jamie will be a great dad. i ve known that since the day i met him. he is so good with kids, my nieces and nephews absolutely adore him. we also have similar parenting philosophies. fp: do you have a birth plan? sc: my goal is to go as natural as possible, but the advice i get is have a plan, then be prepared to let it all go. i m open to playing it by ear. fp: will you breastfeed? sc: it never crossed my mind not to breastfeed. i think it s such a cool bonding experience and it also feels like you are giving your baby a better shot at health. and it s so much easier. i m very convinced. fp: and what about going back to work? sc: that i will play by ear, too; i feel lucky that in my line of work i can have both the career and the family. fp: what maternity clothes have you been wearing? sc: i was surprised by how quickly your body changes overnight something just won t fit anymore fp: have you changed what you eat or the products you use? sc: i still eat organic whenever i can; and i tossed any skin care products with parabens and just use natural stuff like dr. hauschka and josie maran s line. i also cleared out most of the toxic cleaning products. and it s fun to find natural stuff for the baby, like rosie hippo, kicky pants and serena lily s organic bedding. i think it s important to clean up whatever you can. congratulations to sarah chalke and her fianc jamie afifi who welcomed a son, charlie rhodes afifi on christmas eve.
__label__non_math	1.0000	swedish pizza salad approx cost: . approx calories per portion : approx preparation and cooking time: mins this healthy, and fast, salad goes with just about anything especially pizza. normally made with white cabbage i used red this time. i also like to add in onion and carrot for a bit of extra kick and colour. once made it will keep for around a week in the refrigerator. - just under half a head of red or white cabbage - medium carrot - medium or half a large onion - tbsps white vinegar depending on taste - .litres oil or more, depending on taste - start by preparing the vegetables. wash the cabbage, peel the carrot and skin the onion. chop everything into very thin slices. this step can take some time. don t skimp on the care here because pizza salad with giant chunks of cabbage inside is really not a good taste sensation. if you don t have one, i d strongly recommend a mandoline. you can pick them up for about , depending on the quality and they really allow you to breeze through fine-chopping. - dunk all the chopped vegetables into a large bowl and set aside while you make the vinegar-mix. add the oil and vinegar into a bowl and whisk or stir well. you can experiment with varying quantities and ratios of vinegar and oil, and even try different types of vinegar and oil. olive oil and a mix of white wine and balsamic vinegar results in a really rich taste for example. - once the vinegar-mix is made, pour into the bowl with the chopped vegetables. add some salt and pepper and stir well with your hands is best . you can serve straight away, but the salad benefits a lot from being stored in a plastic bag in the refrigerator for at least hours or so. the fact it s in a plastic bag makes it easy to remove from the refrigerator and mash about in your hands to ensure every part is well covered by oil and vinegar. - after around hours you can transfer back to a rigid container if you wish and then serve as you like.
__label__non_math	1.0000	online item : - barrier boot - size - inside width: - in. - inside length: - in. - replacement boot for a lost horseshoe - protects the tender frog sole of the foot - allows the horse to walk unshod - protects the hoof from cracks chips - ideal for trail riding with tender-soled horses - simple pull-on fit allows for easy application in the field without tools - stays secure with a strong nylon adjustable strap without damaging the hoof wall - made in the usa - weight: approximately .pounds - shipping dimensions: approximately x x inches. tab - future phase prefer to place your order by phone? reach us at 877-633- m-f - central standard time.
__label__non_math	1.0000	online item : - advanced filtration for longer oil change intervals - up to ,000 miles of protection when used with synthetic oil - -ply synthetic-reinforced media backed by a metal screen traps holds more dirt - dirt-trapping efficiency - sure-grip feature assists with installation - see the following site for an application guide: - weight: approximately .pounds - shipping dimensions: approximately x x inches. tab - future phase prefer to place your order by phone? reach us at 877-633- m-f - central standard time.
__label__non_math	1.0000	online item : - john deere lanyard keychain - mfr. item number - 004436r01 - full-color official logo - in. length - safety breakaway latch - detachable hook doubles as a keychain - also ideal for cell phones, mp3 players, id badges and more - weight: approximately .pounds - shipping dimensions: approximately x x .inches. tab - future phase prefer to place your order by phone? reach us at 877-633- m-f - central standard time.
__label__non_math	1.0000	online item : - -pc. carving set - for basic detailed carvings - different carving knives with durable, ready-to-use blades comfortable wood handles - weight: approximately .pounds - shipping dimensions: approximately x x inches. tab - future phase prefer to place your order by phone? reach us at 877-633- m-f - central standard time.
__label__non_math	0.9999	ordering via express checkout express checkout makes purchasing quick and easy. in order to take advantage of express checkout, you must be signed in with an account which has express checkout settings enabled. express checkout is automatically enabled on your account when you place your first order on mills fleet farm and enter a payment method, shipping address, and shipping method. to access your express checkout settings . click the my account link at the top of any mills fleet farm page. . click profile to view or update your express checkout settings.
__label__non_math	0.9985	thank you for the first class service that you provided, even after we changed a number of room bookings for the party. look forward to using you again soon grafton street, located between trinity college and st stephen's green is made up of fashionable stores such as brown thomas, the department store catering for many designer showcases, both foreign and local. dublin's leading and most exclusive jewellers, weirs, is also here, as well as the most popular of the famous bewley's caf s. other principal shopping streets beside wicklow street, dawson street, and south great georges street. the nearby powerscourt towncentre is one of the nicer, albeit small, shopping centres in the city. also close by is the georges street arcade, an indoor market well worth a visit. for the perfect hotel near grafton street check out the fleet street hotel and view our special offers here
__label__non_math	0.9997	a star is born the first photo of our daughter billie and i made it while she wasn't even completely born yet. for me personally this is the most important photo of my life. it's like all these years i have been practicing just to make this one single shot work. barbara was amazingly strong both before and while she was giving birth and i'm just incredibly proud of her. she's awesome, nothing less. so why this title? well, not because i think she's going to be a movie or a rock star, but because she will be my star , forever, and i'm pretty sure she'll have about a million photos by the time she's grown up. : i'm convinced that she's got special powers, because when i'm holding her in my arms and i look at her, i feel something that i've never felt before... it's like she's enchanted me.. yes.. magic.. that's the best way to describe it.
__label__non_math	0.9999	preparing for circus week - madison sq. garden loc bain news service,, publisher. preparing for circus week - madison sq. garden march date created or published later by bain negative : glass ; x in. or smaller. title from data provided by the bain news service on the negative. forms part of: george grantham bain collection library of congress . format: glass negatives. rights info: no known restrictions on publication. repository: library of congress, prints and photographs division, washington, d.c. usa, hdl.loc.gov loc.pnp pp.print general information about the bain collection is available at hdl.loc.gov loc.pnp pp.ggbain higher resolution image is available persistent url : hdl.loc.gov loc.pnp ggbain. call number: lc-b2-
__label__non_math	0.9926	pat catans catalog pat catans catalog is filled with exciting craft supplies that can be used for all of your project throughout the year. you can find everything you need to create beautiful christmas packages, and small accessories for things like school projects are plentiful. material to make new curtains is also available in a variety of prints in pat catans catalog.go to digital catalog catalog review... september circulars these september circulars from pat catans are all about embracing fall and halloween. stocked with fall decor and fun halloween decorations, i'm sure you'll see something that catches your eye. halloween on page shows you an 8ft tall hanging ghost for only . the kids will enjoy those cute guys. page brings halloween drip candles for spooky candle arrangements... only . spiced pumpkin paper sachets, non-wooven bags for collecting candy, 14inch wood skeleton and 60inch witch broom are also available. wrapping up the promo piece is that on saturday, sept , they are having a make a fall pumpkin or bandana ghost event as well as sept is a halloween wooden mask event for the kids.
__label__non_math	0.9999	quality brass handles and hinges from the carlisle brass range and the kirkpatrick range are now available from floordealer where we care about the quality of all our products.the carlisle and kirkpatrick range adds a touch of class to your doors. floordealer likes to ensuring our customer receives value for money and best quality around. the carlisle brass hinges can be supplied as ball bearing or washered and butt for extra long life and keeping a quality feel to your door. handles can come in the brass polished and many different styles as a scroll handle or georgian handle, victorian handles to name just a few also available in the stainless steel, polished or satin chrome and in the same profiles as the brass handles or in many different plated knob sets coming in a large range of styles as the oval or round victorian handle sets. please call floordealer on 195 if you require any handles or hinges that are not on our website as we will always try and help.
__label__non_math	0.9923	a winter's tale this hardback book has been produced to showcase tony pick s latest work and features beautiful images of the suffolk coastline in the most dramatic winter weather seen for a generation. the unique photographs were inspired by the simplicity of the subject matter, using monochrome to further capture the spirit of winter. taken at various times of the day, to make best use of the natural light available, some are in instantly recognisable locations to those familiar with the area the house in the clouds and the meare, at thorpeness; the martello tower, in aldeburgh; the unexpected beauty of a beach transformed into a snowfield plus a new perspective on views normally taken for granted. they combine to recreate the magical atmosphere of a winter wonderland in all its glory. this special edition page book is limited to copies and will be signed and numbered by tony.
__label__non_math	0.9999	phone: 413-586- or 800-644- true, paperless estatements are great for the environment. say goodbye to the closet cluttered with falling apart shoeboxes. you'll receive estatements faster than statements delivered via regular mail. they can be downloaded to your computer or financial software, and are available to view from any computer. the secure, password-protected site is better protection against identity theft. once you have either your fsblink online banking or fsbizlink online banking service in place, follow these easy steps to sign up for estatements: . log on to fsblink online banking . click the "account services" tab . under "account tools and services", click "view estatement" . read the agreement and consent form . click "accept" . click "statements" if you have any questions or would like to confirm that the steps have been completed, do not hesitate to call us at 413 586-.
__label__non_math	0.9990	we have moved 516 mandalay ave just north of the sandpearl bigger and better location the same great people stop by and say "hi the white sand paradise that is the 'central gulf coast' clearwater beach is one of the destination beaches with all the typical vacation activities you would expect in a beach community, including a wide variety of restaurants, charter fishing trips, dolphin watching tours, jet skiing and such. just to the east of clearwater beach is a small island called island estates. this residential island offers a variety of amenities such as the island way grill, the closest grocery store, banking, and the clearwater beach aquarium where the movie 'dolphin tale' was filmed. a history of clearwater beach can be found in our blog pages. click here for a list of clearwater beach restaurants. heading down the coast to the south is sand key. this is the perfect location for an extended stay in the area. the high-rise condos here mostly have minimum stays of a month, with the exception of a couple of buildings that allow as few as two weeks. although sand key has two hotel chains, it is more laid back without the activities of its neighboring clearwater beach, just a short jolly trolley ride way. the next stop on your way south from clearwater beach to st. pete beach is belleair beach. this beach is all residential living and fairly restricted to only the residents of the area, however it is a nice part of the drive to see the beach mansions. indian rocks beach indian rocks beach and indian shores is the next area that supports vacation rentals. here you will find plenty of good restaurants and a few shops but don't expect to see too much in the respect of beach activities. however, you can still get to clearwater beach for action with a short drive north. before you get to madeira beach, there is redington shores, north redington beach and redington beach. all three beaches are very similar and have a good mix of residential and vacation rentals. being mostly the same as indian rocks beach, it does not offer a lot if you are looking for an activity filled vacation. this again is the place you are going to want to go if you are looking for a nice quiet beach for sun-seeking and beach walks. from here, head south to madeira beach and treasure island to whet your appetite for beach activities. speaking of madeira beach, that is our next stop on our way down the central gulf coast. madeira beach is a great place to stay on a tighter budget. here we have more high-rise condos that allow weekly rentals. similar to clearwater beach, it has a lot of beach vacation activity with shopping, boat tours and restaurants. john's pass bridge provides the access to the southern beaches of treasure island and st. pete beach. we are the clearwater beach hotel alternative, offering condos up to off the rate of expensive hotels. why pay more for less, when you can have the best? a condo will give you the freedom that a hotel will not, all the comforts of home away from home. come join us in beautiful, tropical clearwater beach for warm beaches and great prices. seaside motel
__label__non_math	1.0000	website for visitors to florida, the greatest holiday destination in the world a condominium, or condo, is a self-contained unit with its own front door. in uk and ireland this is what we would call a maisonette or apartment. there may be just a few condos in the building or hundreds in a high-rise black. condos are available for stays as short as three days, up to as long as you would like. they offer more space and privacy than a hotel or motel room, and for larger groups they work out cheaper. the area around orlando offers a wide range of activities, from the world famous theme parks - walt disney world resort, seaworld, universal studios to name just three - to dramatic forests and beautiful lakes. bedrooms, ,017 sq. feet of air-conditioned space and sq. feet of balcony sleeps on the grounds of floridays orlando resort, the grand swimming pool complex, tropical sunshine, lush landscaping and resort-quality service will immediately put you in a vacation state of mind. just minutes away from the world's largest selection of stores, restaurants and attractions - including walt disney world, seaworld, universal studios and many more. luxury, location and lifestyle - all in one world-class florida condominium resort. key features: ,000 square foot clubhouse grand swimming pool complex with water playground and wading beach area plus, a smaller lap swimming pool poolside bar grill with take-out or eat-in, deli and sundry shop banquet facilities and conference rooms concierge, front desk check-in fitness center, games room, children's activity center plasma tv video games, plus tvs in each bedroom high speed internet, line phones and data ports daily maid services and new supplies refreshed daily including coffee, snacks, and more from per night bedroom sleeps up to - outdoor hot tub and swimming pool the hawthorn suites lake buena vista is in the heart of everything there is to see and do in orlando, florida. the hotel is only mile from the entrance to the world famous walt disney world resort and only one mile from the downtown disney area. it is only two miles from seaworld discovery cove and just miles from universal studios and islands of adventure . there are endless options for daytime and evening entertainment on nearby international drive. key features: air conditioning in room bedroom suite with separate living and sleeping areas queen sized beds and a sofa bed sleeps up to people fully equipped kitchen with, refrigerator, microwave, dishwasher and cooktop non smoking room complimentary hot breakfast buffet served daily between and complimentary social evening mon - thurs - complimentary scheduled transportation to walt disney world resort remote controlled tvs with cable, hbo, cnn, espn and disney channel free parking. from for nights including all taxes for more information on this condominium visit the hawthorn suites, apartment 519 web site or email philip sykes at email or give him a call on 253 from the uk or 011 113 253 from the usa. philip can also be reached by mobile cell on 802 839. bedrooms, bathrooms, sleeps - heated swimming pool and jacuzzi laguna bay villas comprises 114 licensed condominiums on a beautifully landscaped site just minutes away from disney world. amenities include a clubhouse, a heated walk-in swimming pool, games room, snack bar and shop, exercise gym, sauna, jacuzzi hot tub at pool. the property has security alarm door entry key box, safe box and the site is security patrolled at night. at the clubhouse you can rent video movies overnight. a 'telly' has plumbed-in playstation and games. a tennis court and kids play area climb slide in large sandpit are also available for use. both orlando airport miles and sanford airport further to travel service the area. a holiday home, for your holidays, with all the facilities general: towels bedlinen provided, telephone answer machine, central air-conditioning, central heating kitchen: clothes dryer, washing machine, dish washer, freezer, fridge, microwave, oven, grill living room: sofabed futons, seating for dining: dining area, seating for bathroom: bathrooms, both with hairdryer bedroom: doubles, twin, cot, property sleeps max entertainment: audio tape player, cd radio hi-fi, cable tv, video player outside: barbecue, swimming pool, parking, tennis court, kids play area climb slide in large sand pit suitability: children welcome, pets considered local activities: swimming, tennis, walking, cycling, fishing, golf. from 300 to 400 per week 800 us for more information on this condominium visit the laguna bay villas web site or email alan dow at firstname.lastname or give him a call on day time from the uk or 011 from the usa. alan can also be reached by mobile cell on . luxury bedroom condo - lush tropical landscaping with breathtaking views over lake davenport bahama bay pad is a three bedroomed luxury condo located at bahama bay resort, a luxury vacation resort located within minutes drive of florida's theme parks and attractions. the resort can be found nestling on the banks of old lake davenport in one of the best locations in central florida and offers superior facilities, with excellent road and air access. our spacious accommodation features: luxury bathroom queen size bedroom with en-suite twin bedroom double bedroom living room with cable tv fully equipped kitchen with washer dryer, dishwasher, microwave and fridge with ice maker private balcony. bahama bay is a resort style community with hour manned gated security and lush tropical landscaping with breathtaking views over lake davenport. it has a recreation centre and club house. facilities include: snack bar restaurant sauna spa facilities recreation area fitness center fully equipped changing facilities children's play room lounge area cinema internet cafe game room kiddie pools walking trails tennis courts volleyball basketball four heated pools some with their own in ground spa direct access onto lake davenport, with sandy beach and fishing dock. from 324 per week luxury bedroom condo situated within the grounds of the beautiful windsor palms resort our privately owned luxury condominium apartment is situated within the grounds of the beautiful windsor palms resort which is only three and a half miles from disney world main gate and less than fifteen minutes from other major attractions. our apartment is decorated to the highest standards in cool neutral colours and is tastefully furnished in a modern european style. it is fully air conditioned and heated for your comfort at any time of the year and sleeps people in two bedrooms. additional double sofa bed in lounge if required our apartment is south facing and is in the closest block to the clubhouse, pool and all of it's great facilities. two bedrooms; the master bedroom with it's queen sized bed, en-suite bathroom shower room and huge walk in wardrobe, the second room, a twin, has full size single beds and large walk in wardrobe. large bathroom shower room for use of guests in the twin room. the kitchen is well equipped with a large american style fridge freezer with ice maker, oven, built in microwave, dishwasher, washer and tumble dryer plus an iron and ironing board. the lounge has two comfy sofas, so plenty of room to watch tv or enjoy the view from the balcony complete with table and chairs. for your entertainment, there are three tvs all with video facilities connected to cable channels provided free for our guests. in addition, a telephone is provided with free local calls and calls home can be made using a locally purchased phone card. from or us per night introductory offer superb four bedroom, three bathroom condo set in a beautiful community regal palms resort is situated adjacent to the prestigious highlands reserve golf club, only minutes from the main entrance to disneyworld and close to an abundance of great bars and restaurants. the regal palms resort incorporates: a reception desk with hour service a .acre tropical pool complex with two heated pools, lazy river, waterfalls and water slides sunbathing terraces, spas a bar broadcasting sports events from around the world, restaurant, games room, day spa, gymnasium and health club with sauna and steam room, state-of-the-art conference centre, banquet rooms, and business centre with internet caf , children's play area and poolside tiki bar. this exclusive four bedroom, three bathroom property sleeps two to eight persons. the property is fully furnished and equipped with air conditioning, a fully fitted kitchen, washer and dryer, cable tv and telephone. accommodation: entrance porch, foyer, kitchen, great room, double bedrooms with en-suite bathrooms first floor - master bedroom with en-suite and walk in wardrobe, twin bedrooms with fitted wardrobes and family bathroom ground floor bedroom can be locked off from main house and accessed through own entrance if required safe, for valuables, in master bedroom full air conditioning and heating ceiling fans. from 395 per week, plus per unit charged by regal palms for more information on this condominium visit the regal palms condo web site or email helen ridley at email or give her a call on from the uk or 011 from the usa.
__label__non_math	0.9996	pick of the central region best for a more grown-up take on disney, with a maritime spin. at disney s yacht club resort in orlando, guests are greeted by a uniformed ship s captain in full dress blues welcoming you to the yacht. from there on, every detail evokes the feel of a high-class new england nautical town. set pieces like a mammoth old-world globe in the center of the lobby, showing the world as navigators knew its coastlines circa , and dark-wood cabinets in the hallways, housing navigational instruments and crest-adorned fine dinner ware, conspire with detailing of rope knots, ship s wheels and portholes in carpets and railings to make you think you ve been spirited away to martha s vineyard. water, water everything waterborne adventure is in abundant supply. stroll behind the resort, catching the sweet aroma of flowers blooming from crepe myrtle trees that line the walkway to the three-acre stormalong bay. with tall palms, lush landscaping and large rocks bordering three different pools give kind of an organic feel to what is widely considered the best pool area in all of disney world. so frolic in the sand-bottomed pool complete with an island sandbar for castle construction or chill in the lazy river while soaking up some rays. definitely don t miss the water slide through the hollowed-out mast of albatross a shipwreck on the resort s stir of beach for a splashdown back in to the pool. just beyond stormalong bay is the bayside marina on crescent lake, your gateway to a variety of specialty cruises. book the illuminations cruise, which anchors the boat near the edge of the lake, for a best-seat-in-the-house view of epcot s nightly laser-light and fireworks extravaganza. surf turf see the thick-cut filet or porterhouse that might make it to your plate through the aging room s window at yachtsman steakhouse. caution: viewings may cause increased hunger and even mouth watering. next door at the crew s cup lounge, lighter bites wash down with drinks that were created in far-flung disney resorts seared scallops pair well with the zen-chanted green tea from hong kong disneyland resort. flying fish on the boardwalk will put together a five-course, wine-paired dinner with anything from ginger-laced lobster ravioli to short ribs and veal tenderloin. make reservations at least a day in advance. movin' groovin' after dark, stroll around crescent lake or take a boat from the yacht s light- house dock to disney s boardwalk. performers from fire-eaters and jugglers to card-trick magicians line the wooden walkways in homage to early 20th-century atmospheres of coney island and atlantic city. get your greek on with an ouzo-tini at celebrity iron chef cat cora s kouzzina before trying to stump the dueling piano maestros with off-the-wall song requests at jellyrolls. if you feel like moving your feet, the atlantic dance hall is the place to go. when a.m. or whenever bedtime may be hits, your room is a short walk away. insider tip about a five-minute walk from the yacht club is a secret entrance to epcot that puts you in the heart of the theme park s world showcase, between the united kingdom and france pavilions. according to guest service manager warner zingg, those in the know book a room at the yacht for easy access to the epcot international food wine festival, which runs from september through november .
__label__non_math	1.0000	shop 169 elphin rd, newstead tas also services: devonport, launceston, and st helens award-winning floral designer, gail marshall, was trained in melbourne and now brings her creative, fresh wedding designs to newstead flowers in launceston. the team at newstead flowers have over years experience in floral design and are fully qualified, so we understand the importance of attention to detail and can give expert advice on colour, style and wedding themes. call gail for an appointment to recieve an obligation-free quote and experience our personal service and competitive prices. no stream items
__label__non_math	1.0000	berry hall shot and killed lisa and alan tackett and made orphans of those children, said brent turner during his opening remarks. the commonwealth is seeking the death penalty for the double murder of lisa and alan tackett. hall is also charged with four counts of wanton endangerment for the couples four children who were in the home as hall allegedly shot and killed their parents. turner said that the tacketts were initially friendly with berry hall and his family, though the relationship deteriorated over the years between the two families. there were frequent arguments, and the occasional involvement of law enforcement. turner said that on the day of the shooting, the argument began over hall s wife, shooing the tackett s dog off their porch. lisa tackett and charlotte collins stood arguing back and forth while, according to testimony from collins, and each of halls children, berry hall sat calmly on the living room sofa, watching tv, and eating hot dogs. as the arguing died down, collins says she saw hall go upstairs to his room. moments later, shots rang out. he zeroed in that scope on lisa and squeezed the trigger, said turner. according to turner, the first shot struck lisa tackett in the chest, broke ribs, and tore through her liver and stomach. she bled to death on the inside. according to testimony given by tony lee hall, berry s son, alan tackett emerged from the house screaming, oh god, lisa they shot you. turner says that in rapid succession, hall took aim on alan tackett and fired one round into his leg which caused him to bend over clutching his leg in pain. then, zeroed his scope in again, and fired a second shot into his alan tackett s head. berry s other son matthew, testified that he went upstairs after the shots were fired to find his father standing near the window, holding a gun. when matthew went to take the gun away from hall, he says his father made a statement saying for him not to touch it, not getting his finger prints on the weapon. during their opening remarks, defense attorney steve goble said that the months and years leading up to the shooting exposed a man suffering from mental illness, and that the shooting was the result of years of depression, anxiety, and a family history of mental illness. according to goble, eleven of halls twelve siblings suffer from some form of mental illness. goble describe hall as a self made man, with an iq in the s, who made a living with his hands. he was the classic jack of all trades, said goble. they say that in the last few years, hall had been laid off several times, and that the stress from not having a job, and seeing his own children support him saw his mental condition worsen. testimony from his children and ex-wife confirms that hall was taking prescription anti-depressants and anti-anxiety or nerve pills. goble says those drugs changed hall from the outgoing person he was. matthew hall testified that as the depression worsened, hall slept in, seldom left the house, and would often take his meals and go upstairs to eat in his bedroom. the defense attorneys say that on the day lisa and alan tackett were shot, berry lost his grip on reality, and that after the shooting hall sat in the back of the kentucky state police cruiser answering questions. the defense says he told the trooper, i should have been locked up in mental institution, as he sobbed banging his head against the door. hall is represented by will collins, steve goble, and jim gibson. the trial continues today in floyd county circuit court as the prosecution continues to call its witnesses.
__label__non_math	1.0000	plan your own adventure with our gear checkout program wellness center outdoor recreation the fsc outdoor recreation program offers students a variety of fun outdoor activities, such as bicycling, horseback riding, kayaking, canoeing, rock climbing, and camping. these trips are a great way to meet new friends who share similar interests and to learn new skills. one day excursions, overnight trips, and break trips enable participants to enjoy the real florida at its state parks and recreational facilities. deep sea fishing trip. catch your dinner on this fun outdoor recreation trip manatee trip. come snorkel with these gentle giants in crystal river. this program is a day, night program and costs only ,which includes wet suit rental. participants will camp at a campground near the snorkel experience, and wake up early to visit the manatees. participants will receive instruction on proper interaction with the manatee, as these are wild manatee in their natural environment. trip fee includes: travel by fsc van, meals, campsite and camping gear, snorkel rental and snorkel experience. don t forget to bring an underwater camera horseback riding. do you love horses? take a relaxing trail ride with a friend or your significant other paint ball. play paintball with your friends for a couple of hours. bust some stress and paint pellets before exam week rock climbing. are you climbing the walls of your residence hall room? try climbing real walls and test your strength and endurance skills gear checkout. our gear checkout program allows you the chance to plan and take your own outdoor adventure trips. most of the activities are free. some may require a small deposit to hold your spot. see activities calendar . stay on top of the latest events and announcements. follow us on facebook
__label__non_math	0.9966	black white cette chaussure pourvue d'un bout ailettes se porte toute occasion. elle se dmarque par le dtail de ses coutures contrastes qui conviennent tant le jour que le soir. semelle anglique originale; naturelle, biodgradable, qui se ressemelle, qui rsiste l'alcali, l'eau, l'acide, la fatigue et satan. soumissions ajoutez vos commentaires michael's hard to break in i love these shoes, i get comments and admiring looks, must be the shoes i had to buy heel protectors as they are a bit loose in that area. i had so much trouble breaking them in the first few days that i actually injured my left knee; torn acl believe it or not. anyway, i am sure my feet will break in in time. did i mention i love them? must be the stockholm syndrome because i am definitely looking at another pair of vogs but a soft pair this time. quality is excellent. posted by john from ct: best shoes on the planet i have worn these shoes for at least years, and will continue to wear them until i drop dead. they are the most comfortable shoes on the planet, never go out of style, and always get me lots of compliments. posted by jay from woodland, ca: best shoes ever i have had my michaels since ' or ' and they have survived as my favorite pair of sorta dressy shoes ever posted by andrew from ottawa: best shoe ever i bought my michael's years ago... they are the best pair of shoes i have ever owned. i wear them -times a week, every week. just when i think they've had it, i send them back to be resoled and they come back looking like new fresh polish, new laces and polished eye holes . i get compliments everywhere i go posted by paul from calgary: bought a pair angel michaels in september this year cannot continue to wear them as blister ontop of blister with my heels. have worn them plenty of time to breal them in and still no deal. tremendously sore feet after wearing them and thats too bad, have heard nothing about good things regarding vogs and this is the first pair i have owned... posted by kurt ward from netherlands: fluevog is my fav been wearing fluevogs for a long time now. love them the most stylish and brilliant one complaint on my new angels is that the heal has come off - can be glued so not a big deal but wish it didn't. but i still adore my fluevogs posted by shannon from san francisco: ya know what sux......ive been buying flu's for a while now....got about pairs...love the heels but then i got a pair of angel micheals and now from the bad fit and the fact it is impossible to break them in and yes i got the right size i now have a huge bone spur that may require surgery preventing me from wearing all of the other wonderful shoes that never hurt before. ironic that my first pair or non heeled flues may have ruined my future in heels, cant even wear my ophelias for more than an hour and im worried i wont be able to wear my ida's that are only a few months old....thanx fluevog, please discontinue those awful shoes posted by meika from arlington, va: outta ... . these beauties are totally snazzy. . they have have as much support as my weightlifting shoes a lot posted by brennan barber from chapel hill, nc: love my michaels i have owned x pairs in black and x in brown and hunter green suede. please make these in brown and limited edition color variants. i love this shoe but need some more colors...please : posted by jody clarke from cullman, al: only shoes i will ever wear. have owned pair of vogs in my short years of life, while of them have been the black burgundy angel michaels as i was turned on to fluevogs close to years ago. what i love most about these is their versatility as you can wear them with a suite, jeans, i even wear them with shorts- i wear them w everything, all the time. the stitching on the heel counter on the left shoe came completely undone which was an easy fix. the pair i'm sporting now are going on seven years- figured this to realistically be abt. ,500 walking miles as these shoes have carried me all across our fine nation from the pacific nw to the everglades of south fl. could most likely get or even ,000 miles if i were to have them re-souled but am simply ready for a new pair. as for fit i wear a u.s. and they've always been a bit loose fitting which i prefer to a tight fit, although didn't notice the size option last time i ordered which i will be taking advantage of this time around. simply put- if it wasn't for my fluevogs i believe i'd have to learn to make my own shoes. as a christian man thank the lord for my satan resistant fluevogs- pun intended.
__label__non_math	0.9973	just like sprinkles and unicorns, john brings you the alli - a zazzy mary jane with straps, swing toe lasts, tunite soles, and portuguese leathers in a youthful wingtip pattern. the alli is perfect for school uniforms and cardigans, and named after one of our favorite fluevogers who is known for her spunk, bounce, and ability to hula hoop on stilts. "a thankful person is a happy person." reviews so far... write yours posted by robin p from washington dc: i have wanted to own a pair of fluevogs for years now, and the stars finally aligned... these beauties came yesterday, i wore them today, and i am so unspeakably, madly, truly, deeply in the love with them. i got the gray green in the new year's sale. i was so thoroughly impressed with the level of customer service on an internet order... a lovely person from the la store emailed me to discuss fit. i'm somewhere between a and a , with a fairly narrow foot and high arch; the 7s fit perfectly with a pair of funky socks i, like a previous reviewer, am looking forward to using these shoes to complement handknit socks posted by katherine from san francisco, ca: grey green alli' i scored the grey green alli's during the new year's sale, and am really glad i did. i had help from ash in the union square store - he was great i ended up with a size - i got the last pair posted by guenevyre from dundas, ontario: don't let the buckles get you down bought these two mays ago from my fave and wonderful toronto store where the guys are always so helpful. they still look great after wearing them sometimes daily for weeks. love. the buckles are daunting at first i had to do mine up each time as they were stiff but they have stretched enough that i can slip my foot into them with only undoing the first strap. great. buy them--you will look cool and fab. i have an ultra-wide foot, a bad hip basically am falling apart wear them and you will feel kind of marlena dietrich-y fred astaire-ish and utterly fabulous. first time vogian i just bought these shoes a couple hours ago and i love them they do fit a little tight across the toe, but after a few short hours are starting to get worn in comfortably. i think people put too much stock in shoes being crazy comfortable when you put them on-if you have to wear them in, then they will fit your foot perfectly. my shoes are already moulding to my foot these are the perfect everyday shoe and while i have lusted after fluevogs funky heeled shoes, i had to come to terms with the reality of my clothing style which is not conducive to a high heeled shoe. i am going to wear these shoes everywhere...with hand knit socks posted by marisa from calgary: i really liked these shoes and they do look good. i wear but then. i did get them streched. the biggest disappointment are the straps and buckels. when i tried them on the sales person did them up for me so i did not think there would be a problem. boy was i wrong posted by christa from alameda, ca: glorious red shoes i was in quite a state of despair when i learned the red burgundy was discontinued, but ended up finding a pair on ebay and they are just too adorable for words--i may be unable to stop admiring my feet today posted by larisa j. strobel from saskatchewan: my feet have the wonderful privilege of being wrapped in fluevog comfort whenever i get them strapped into these miniature miracles they have made their mark on the streets of rome, innsbruck, firenze, frankfurt, vienna and several canadian cities as well. every single street they trod upon said thank you for being so kind to it i have received more compliments on this pair of beauties than any other shoe i wear. what can i say except that i truly lookforward to the next pair of fluevogs that will grace my feet. :o posted by erica: i bought some allies online i live in australia so have to do abit of trusting to get my fluevog fix and when they turned up they were completely scuffed on the toes. i was very disappointed that a pair of damaged shoes would be sent out to me, particularly when there is not much i can do about it from australia. i have been a loyal fluevog wearer for over years and have many pairs, so i was very let down by this. : posted by bailey from los angeles, ca: my 1st vogs this past tuesday i spent a lovely amount of time trying on what felt like half the store. i'd admired fluevogs from afar for quite a while, but was unable to find the time to get over to hollywood. anyone who lives in la should know why the gentleman who helped me whose name i do not remember. i am so sorry, lovely fluevog employee i ended up settling on bringing these allis home as i'd been eyeballing them on the site and i love them i can honestly say that these are hands down the nicest shoes i have ever owned and shopping in the hollywood location was one of the most pleasant shopping experiences i have had in years. i already have plans for many more pairs of vogs to come posted by jen from ma: these are my first vogs and i'm thrilled with my choice and here's my plea to anyone at fluevog listening: please make more shoes in size
__label__math	0.8906	where can i read the actual details of the stimulus package? asked by testtoast99 i want to read the nitty gritty of the stimulus package itself but can t find how to read through its fascinating number of pages. observing members: composing members: this question is in the general section. responses must be helpful and on-topic.
__label__non_math	0.9642	singapore - 1st time visit to singapore - what to do? mar , , for our vacation this year, we are going to china and singapore in september. we have never been to singapore before; therefore, we are doing some research and etc. before going to our travel agent. we will be there from three to five days. your recommendations for things to do, things to visit and etc. will be greatly appreciated. thanks. mar , , here is a helpful thread: i've been to singapore many times. in january, thanks to a recommendation in this forum, i visited the chiangi prison museum near the airport. my father-in-law fought in the pacific during wwii, and i found it very moving. mar , , enjoy singapore :d and china too mar , , mar , ,
__label__non_math	1.0000	johannesburg, 5th march south african airways saa today brought an application in the labour court against satawu and its members participating in the industrial action under way at the airline. the labour court has today granted the order which interdicts staff members who are participating in the satawu strike from any unlawful conduct. this means that they cannot intimidate or threaten people in any way. as a result, with immediate effect any violence, intimidation or damage to property will mean that the striking staff members will be in contempt of court. further, the labour court order states that the striking employees can no longer picket and strike at the entrances to airways park, ie, where they are currently located. saa roundly condemns the tactics of intimidation and violence which were practised yesterday by some of the people who took part in the industrial action. saa has reiterated that the safety of staff is and has always been paramount. after almost two weeks of industrial action, the operations of the airline have not been affected. saa implemented a contingency plan at the start of the industrial action on friday, february , which has ensured that the flight schedule has continued to run smoothly over the past days. saa s on-time performance remains at excellent levels. several meetings have been held between saa and representatives from satawu, and further discussions are scheduled. saa management remains committed to discussions with labour to find a speedy solution to the industrial action. the airline will continue with the implementation of its contingency plan to ensure that flights run according to schedule. no flight delays are currently expected. issued by: saa group corporate affairs
__label__non_math	0.9994	financing discussions with government part of bold growth strategy february . johannesburg. south african airways saa is in discussion with the government on financing its bold new growth strategy, which includes growing the number of its long-haul aircraft in the next five years while the short-haul fleet is comprehensively renewed. saa ceo siza mzimela announced the airline s expansion and modernisation plans on friday in johannesburg. the aircraft renewal programme is aimed at equipping saa with the latest, most fuel efficient aircraft able to serve the airline s specific routes and needs and deliver on its mandate and strategic objectives for south africa. like all airlines globally, we face increasing margin pressure and greater competition. that means that we need the best equipment to do the job in an environment where oil costs are well beyond per barrel, and our rivals are increasingly and aggressively cherry picking on many of our routes, said mzimela. saa remains determined to serve the south african economy with excellent international, african, and local passenger and cargo air connections , said saa s ceo. saa is committed to continue investing in its future, as a contribution to securing the transport infrastructure the whole of the south african economy requires to continue growing, said mzimela. this includes providing an even stronger network of services to the many african, asian, and latin american destinations which are of growing importance to south african business and to the tourism industry. saa plans to take its current long-haul fleet of aircraft to up to in the next five years. in the same period, the airline will renew its short-haul fleet entirely, replacing the current boeing 737-800 aircraft with more fuel-efficient airbus a320 aircraft. saa will derive additional savings and efficiencies as the a320s share common cockpits, a high degree of parts, and operational and maintenance procedures with saa s existing a319 and a340 fleet. this translates directly into streamlined training and increased productivity across saa s pilots, cabin crew and technical and engineering staff. the fleet renewal will also give saa the ability to make massive fuel savings, while providing better and often more frequent connections to key destinations. more modern aircraft will allow saa to be much more efficient and to ensure an ability to grow as it gets stronger. saa s current board and management have scored major successes, since taking over two years ago, in ensuring the profitability of the airline as it serves its markets better. a programme aimed at boldly growing the business, while achieving significant further efficiencies, is in place and will show even stronger returns during . we have introduced a number of new flights to cities, which are of importance to the south african economy such as: beijing; ndola on the zambian copperbelt; bujumbura; kigali; and pointe noire, a hub of the west african oil industry, said mzimela. saa has recently optimised its new york route, with new non-stop services and increased frequencies to accra, dar es salaam, entebbe, harare, mauritius, and lusaka. additional cargo frequencies to a number of sub-saharan african destinations also support south africa s trade development objectives a oxford economics study indicated the significant contribution by saa to the entire south african economy. the study measured aviation s contribution to south african gdp at . or r .-billion, including 227,000 direct and indirect jobs. even before implementation of the airline s bold growth strategy, saa accounts for approximately of international and domestic passengers to and within south africa. saa s discussion with government, on financing its bold growth strategy, includes an in-depth exploration of the option of a capital injection aimed at securing the airline s ability to thoroughly modernise its operating fleet. exact figures are still under discussion, but this recapitalisation could involve the deployment of between r -billion and r -billion over five years by the shareholder. across the globe, airlines are turning to their shareholders for support as they respond to the massive pressures in the industry by seeking greater efficiencies through fleet and systems modernisation programmes, said mzimela. like other airlines which are in very good shape and have a key role in their national economies, saa is seeking to keep ahead of the game through these measures aimed at growth and efficiency. head group corporate affairs tel: 978 mobile: 400 email: dilesengkoetle or firstname.lastname south african airways saa is the leading carrier in africa, serving destinations across the continent, as well as major destinations within south africa, from its hub, johannesburg. it is a member of the largest international airline network, star alliance. saa s core business is the provision of passenger airline and cargo transport services together with related services, which are provided through saa and its four wholly owned subsidiaries: saa technical; mango its low cost carrier; air chefs, the catering entity of saa and south african travel centre satc . saa ceo siza mzimela is the first woman to be appointed to the iata board of directors in its year history. saa is the winner of the 'best airline in africa award in the regional category for consecutive years and the winner of service excellence africa for two consecutive years. mango and saa hold the number one and number two successive spots as south africa s most on time airlines.
__label__non_math	0.9361	trusslok engineered wood fasteners the trusslok engineered wood fastener is designed for joining multi-ply lvl, lsl and psl. this fastener was developed with direct input from a leader in engineered wood, trus joist . trusslok is faster, easier and stronger than through-bolts and other structural self-drilling fasteners with similar diameters. trusslok is approved for single-sided installation unlike nails and other screws of similar diameter that need to be installed from both sides. diameter shank. download fastenmaster trusslok technical data - no pre-drilling. faster and easier than through-bolts - higher side load capacity with fewer fasteners saves time and labor - correct thread length for engineered lumber - no board jacking - prevents gapping or cupping between plies which can occur in nailed applications - winged point, modified thread design and anti-friction coating combine to significantly reduce installation torque
__label__non_math	0.9992	submit your fml story - - concept : an anecdote always starts with today and ends with fml. there are no taboo subjects, feel free to express yourself. - - caution: read your message over. please don't use text language and avoid making too many spelling mistakes. - - please note that spam and nonsensical stories will result in you being blocked from accessing fml.
__label__non_math	0.6641	- town country : - title : mister - birth date : - number of visits : - number of comments : - number of fmls : confirmed out of posted about waffles1011 : this is fml. not a dating site. you don't need to know shit about me. that was your 500th you totally deserved it vote. we admire your dedication. hard at work voting on an fml from the work category on a monday between and , how ironic. who s the fairest of them all? this is now the third time you ve changed your profile pic. see all of waffles1011's badges
__label__non_math	1.0000	submit your fml story - - please note that spam and nonsensical stories will result in you being blocked from accessing fml. today, i took my grandma to what i thought was a nice movie. an actor used the word "cunt", which prompted her to ask what that word meant in a loud "whisper". she followed up even more loudly with, "does that mean pussy?" fml today, as part of a charity project called operation valentine, i worked with 150 other volunteers to make care packages and valentine's day cards to send to the troops in afghanistan, thanking them for their courage. my boyfriend called the cards "cheating" and now refuses to see me. fml today, i went on a run with my crush. she expressed how happy she was to have a decent running partner, because the last one kept complaining he thought he might throw up. we got to the top of the hill and i puked right in front of her. fml today, while on the bus, the guy sitting beside me let out the vilest and most nauseating fart i've ever encountered, the kind that could retroactively sterilize five generations of one's ancestors with the smell alone. as i gagged, he smirked and said, "that's taco bell for ya." fml today, marks the sixth day in a row that my mum has called me to discuss my upcoming wedding. she's obsessed and has intimidated the actual planner i hired into going along with her plans. she's slipped up twice already and accidentally referred to it as her own wedding. just great. fml
__label__math	0.5549	here are the top stocks in the specialized finance industry ranked by performance. we compiled the trading activity from yesterday and then analyzed the industry looking for stocks that were outperforming. this is what we found: kkr financial holdings nyse:kfn ranks first with a gain of . ; intercontinentalexchange nyse:ice ranks second with a gain of . ; and nyse euronext nyse:nyx ranks third with a gain of . . interactive brokers nasdaq:ibkr follows with a gain of . and cboe holdings nasdaq:cboe rounds out the top five with a loss of . . kkr financial holdings llc is a specialty finance company that invests in multiple asset classes. the company invests in debt securities and marketable and non-marketable equity securities. kkr financial holdings is externally managed by kkr financial advisors llc, an affiliate of kohlberg kravis roberts co. l.p.
__label__non_math	1.0000	cutting-edge technology for the fashion conscious tim jones about italians an their bikes tim jones is a former professional cyclist and today part of the focus team italia. during a visit in cloppenburg, the south african native told us some stories about the italians and their bikes. surprising that he not only loves his team bike the focus raven extreme but also gets enthusiastic while appraising the focus izalco team milram. here is his story: italians are known for their attention to detail, and cyclists are no exception. the amatori fun riders especially, are notoriously picky about their bikes, and heaven forbid they be seen out riding on anything but the trendiest of models. what some may consider mere trends, however, are in reality the result of the undeniable technical and structural advantages that high-end bikes have over their lesser counterparts. a costly exercise, some may say, to have to keep up with the ever-evolving bicycle industry, but for an italian to be pedaling what is derogatorily known as a cancello a gate while all his training partners are sitting on the latest of high-tech machines can often be the cause of quite some embarrassment and that s what tim jones told us about the focus izalco: the focus izalco, for example, fully lives up to the highest standards of even the most discerning of cyclists, from the protour professional to the sunday fun rider italian or not high modular carbon fiber frame lighter, stronger, safer. bb30 oversized bottom bracket light, stiff and reduces the q-factor . tapered headset for maximum stability. internal cable routing brake and gear clean and functional. asymmetric tapered down tube for rigidity and comfort. elbowed seat stays engineered to absorb vibrations. race or compact crankset.
__label__non_math	0.9998	focus is an accredited reseller and provides consulting expertise in all parts of the ibm infosphere information server including the popular datastage technologies . as software and solutions experts, our consultant can leverage the infosphere platform to achieve an information management centre of excellence using our library of best practices, governance and automation assets. the ibm infosphere information server is a heterogeneous platform for the integration of trusted information across the enterprise. it provides a set of products for a collaborative approach to building massively scalable data integration and data cleansing jobs and a set of shared services for improved productivity and information governance. ibm infosphere information server is a metadata driven approach to information development with a tool and shared metadata for each part of the software development lifecycle. - understanding the data is key to building and delivering a high quality product on time. information server allows the collaboration and collection of business and technical information for the information to be integrated and cleansed. - cleansing of data involves functions for standardisation, matching and survivorship of data with out of the box rulesets for name and address cleansing. - transform provides the engine for integrating data with a productive user interface and specialised stages to accelerate the build of data migration, data warehouse, interfacing and data conversion functions. - deliver provides the mechanism for providing information on demand including real time soa, micro batch, batch and federated query. the shared services of ibm infosphere information server provide re-use across the suite such as a single copy of metadata shared across products and a single database connection and connection parameters and a single administration dashboard. this reduces the implementation time and improves maintainability. focus strategies and solution provides deep expertise into all components of ibm's infosphere information server, including:
__label__non_math	0.9991	how european banks and private finance profit from food speculation and land grabs daniel pentzlin introduces farming money, friends of the earth europe's latest report that looks at how european banks and private finance profit from food speculation and land grabs. one cause for the and food crises is the huge growth in financial speculation. it led to prices no longer being solely driven by supply and demand, but increasingly by the actions of financial speculators and the performance of their investments. companies, investment funds and sovereign wealth funds are increasingly investing in land to hedge their price risks, driving land grabs. in january , foee published the study farming money . it shows that a broad list of eu-based private financial institutions banks, pension funds and insurance companies are involved in trading or marketing investment products based on agricultural commodity futures or other agricultural commodity derivatives and complex instruments. some of those which seem most involved are deutsche bank, barclays, the dutch pension fund abp, the german financial services group allianz and french banking group bnp paribas. a significant number of financial institutions across europe appear to also be involved in financing land grabs directly or indirectly. allianz has a fund that invests in bulgarian agricultural land, deutsche bank has a fund that invests in brazilian farm land, and a subsidiary of the italian insurance group generali has purchased land in romania. other financial institutions have financed agribusinesses with explicit links to land grabs and human rights abuses, notably abp in mozambique, axa in india and hsbc in uganda. the study recommends a set of key measures to regulate eu financial markets and tighten corporate policies on financial services and investments in food commodity derivatives and land deals. in order to avoid excessive speculation influencing food prices, the de-regulation that has taken place over the last years must be reversed. caps on the size of the bets speculators can make, so called hard position limits , are essential to tackle excessive speculation. the eu proposals must be strengthened and improved supervisory capacities must be introduced. private financial institutions, including banks, pension funds and investors, should liquidate their open positions in food commodity derivatives and related funds and refrain from further activities that are not directly linked to hedging for farmers, food processing companies and related commercial traders. fund managers and financial service providers should apply strict codes of conduct on the use and sale of food commodity products and agricultural land investment, as well as respective financial services.
__label__non_math	0.9995	not a member? join now you are viewing close browse window e.g. offensive content, copyrighted material, image problem oops, we could not submit your report. to report an error with this information, please: oops, we couldn't send your request. close oops, we couldn't send your request. retry please check one of the following: make sure you have flash player version ..or higher installed it's free, quick and easy. if you still can't access the fold3 viewer, contact us.
__label__non_math	1.0000	create your review did this product deliver? pay it forward by sharing what you loved and didn't about the product. other shoppers will thank you. folica stands behind the authenticity of everything we sell. since , folica has made it our mission to provide you with an outstanding selection of hair and beauty products at highly competitive prices.
__label__non_math	0.9994	we want to keep bringing users the best software possible and although followfriday is a very useful tool for finding influential followers, we have created socialbro which has many more features to help you expand and increase the quality of your twitter community. these features include: search and filter options allowing you to find people to follow depending on location, influence, number of followers, how active users are on twitter and many more find the most beneficial people to target so that you can grow and increase the quality of your twitter community. find out your best time to tweet, discover the interests of a custom sample of users and endless extra features to find out more about our product to thank all of our loyal followfriday users, we would like to offer you off your first months when you start using socialbro to take advantage of this offer please use the coupon followfriday at the checkout.
__label__non_math	0.9933	j. marshall martin, iii i like helping clients structure transactions from the beginning setting up a deal saying you are in a better position if you put the equity in this way, and you need to get development fees and sponsor profits out this way. i ve done that for a long time and i m pretty good at it. marshall focuses his practice on commercial real estate matters, corporate finance, creditor and debtor relations, georgia asset protection, workouts and bankruptcy. marshall's practice is focused in the southeast but he also works with clients around the country. i have an economics background, and being a good asset protection workout lawyer is really a combination of business analysis and then legal analysis. you need to understand the legal framework that sets up what lenders and creditors can do and what they can t do. you have to make a determination where is the client s problem, where is their greatest exposure, what do they need to address on the business side, and how does that dovetail with the legal side. frequently by changing small aspects of the structure of their setup, you can get a great deal more protection. mr. martin represents: lenders in secured transactions; developers in retail, office, medical office and industrial projects; large and small corporations on general corporate, employment, intellectual property and related issues; overseas and long-term investors and opportunistic investors. marshall received his undergraduate degree with a double major in economics and geology from the college of william and mary before receiving his juris doctorate from the marshall wythe school of law at the college of william and mary, graduating in the top three percent of his class and becoming a member of the order of the coif. when invited to join law review he did a cost benefit analysis between researching footnotes for endless hours or more fishing, all assuming he could stay in the top of the class academically. fishing won out and the assumption proved out as well and he started practice with the firm that is now mckenna, long, aldridge. during school, mr. martin was a member of phi beta kappa, omicron delta epsilon economics honor society, sigma gamma epsilon geological honor society and the phi alpha theta history honor society.
__label__non_math	0.9999	cricket wireless brings huawei glory with .ghz processor priced below prepaid carriers usually bring out low-end devices, the big manufacturers with high-end devices end up at at t, t-mobile , verizon wireless or sprint, but this time huawei glory which sports a .ghz qualcomm processor has landed on cricket wireless and will be coming out this november. huawei glory spec list: - .ghz msm8655t processor - tft display - 480 854 resolution display - mp camera - android . the great thing about this powerful device is that it will be available at a low price of . almost everything has been kept stock android except for some custom animations, widgets and a customizable app drawer. huawei has also promised that they will be updating the glory to ice cream sandwich in . this does look like a great device and all those people who prefer prepaid carriers, this is the device to look out for.
__label__non_math	0.9801	blue goblet is a script developed for the pending illustrated children s book from portland studios, the blue goblet. the font has grown to a comprehensive system, with a wide array of ornaments available. blue goblet is usable in a wide range of settings, and includes a full complement of opentype features and a more playful alternate. blue goblet is a collaboration between portland studios and insigne. it was designed by cory godbey and digitized by jeremy dooley.
__label__non_math	1.0000	select or exclude categories to narrow your recipe search. as you select categories, the number of matching recipes will update. find exactly what you're looking for with the web's most powerful recipe filtering tool. photo of sugar grilled asparagus a different spin on asparagus. credit goes to rory, the season runner-up from the food network's "the next food network star". my little ones love their asparagus cooked this way units: us serving size: 212 g servings per recipe:
__label__non_math	0.9679	saturday was quite the early wake up call, with my alarm blaring at . marcus and i had a goal to get out of the house by , so we had to be up early the race was out at fort desoto, a beach about minutes away. here is the course . of course, that early in the morning, there was no traffic, so we were there in no time the transition area closed minute before the first wave started, so we headed out to the swim to get ready to race my group was the 3rd of to start the swim, so we did not have a lot of waiting around time. i was super thankful for that swim time: i ran over to the transition, which was actually a bit further than i originally expected. on the way over, i took off my swim cap and goggles, so i could quickly get on all of my cycling gear. i slid on my shoes, helmet, and sunglasses, and i was off transition : the bike was miles ish long, and went by in a flash bike time: after the bike, i quickly dismounted, ran to transition, and then threw on my running shoes. my coach, felipe, instructed us not to even worry about putting on socks the sprint was too short to waste time on that. i picked up my race number and hat, and i was out of transition pretty quick. so i thought at least but hey, i have nothing to compare it to transition : jess was standing right outside of transition, so it was very fun to see a familiar face right away the first mile of the run was rough the first half of the run was on smooth pavement, and then we turned around the head to the finish. this portion of the run ended up being on packed sand, which courtney had warned us about pre-race, so i was expecting it. it still stunk to have to run on the uneven sand, which turned a bit muddy at times. it really was a super short run, rounding out at only a 5k. i felt pretty strong, and was passing people left and right, with no one else passing me the whole time. i knew i had to make up my time on my strongest sport, and i feel that i did a pretty good job, considering it was my first triathlon. i came up on the finish, and felipe was shouting at me to sprint it in, as he could tell i was definitely not in full stride. i kicked it up a notch, took myself quickly to the finish line run time: after i finished, i waited with my other teammates as the rest of our team finished up. marcus wave started minutes after mine, so i was able to get in a quick stretch and ice bath while i waited for him to cross the finish line. we have been talking smack to each other for a couple months now about who was going to win. he thought he was going to beat me, and of course i had the confidence that i was going to beat him. how did it turn out ?? marcus finishing time: : my finishing time: : yep, i got him i had such a fun time in this race and something even more fun i actually placed in the race i can definitely say that i will be back racing another triathlon did anyone else race this weekend?
__label__non_math	0.9682	competition is proving to be a powerful driver for innovation and expanded possibilities for high-pressure processing hpp of solid and liquid foods. flow technologies was the only supplier of hpp presses throughout the technology s first decade of commercial food applications, but after flow spun off the food unit as avure technologies in the early 2000s, at least three additional hpp suppliers have joined the fray. among them is multivac gmbh, the packaging machinery manufacturer that forged a partnership last year with uhde high pressure technologies, a business unit of thyssenkrupp group. effective packaging remains a challenge, and multivac has stepped outside its vacuum-pack comfort zone to develop modified atmosphere packaging map that can survive vessel pressures of up to ,000 bar ,000psi . tobias richter, senior manager hpp applied packaging solutions, multivac sepp haggem ller gmbh co. kg, wolfertschwenden, germany. hpp delivers nonthermal destruction of pathogens and spoilage organisms, thereby preserving the nutritional content and original taste and texture of food while extending its refrigerated shelf life. before the technology was applied to food, industrial presses were used to squeeze oxygen out of high-performance metals, and processors have worked with a short list of containers that can withstand the stress. throughput limitations in batch mode also are an issue. besides engineering map containers, multivac has designed an automated packaging line that moves hpp to semi-continuous production. in recognition, the company was presented with one of eight gold awards for food technology from dlg, the german agricultural society, at march s anuga foodtec show in cologne, germany. directing multivac s hpp work is tobias richter, senior manager of the business unit overseeing hpp applied packaging solutions. dr. richter joined multivac in after completing work on a phd in food technology-engineering at der technische universitaet muenchen, the technical university of munich. the focus of his doctoral thesis was food packaging, specifically the impact of hpp on a food container. dr. richter heads a core development team of six, with support from 200 other corporate engineers, scientists and technicians in the multivac organization. fe: why did you choose to pursue map for in-container pasteurization with hpp? richter: products in vacuum packages are everywhere, and they don t convey the superiority of hpp as a food safety and shelf life extension technology. additionally, if the package has ribs, the product itself will emerge from the press with those ribs outlined. map is far more challenging to do, but with map, a whole new market can be opened, particularly in countries where map is widely used and associated with superior products. it also can provide longer shelf life than vacuum packaging. fe: what happens to the gas in a modified atmosphere package when the package is subjected to high pressure? richter: when you increase the pressure beyond 200-300 bar ,900-,350psi , the gas is gone. the gas molecules are pressed into the polymer of the film and into the food. once that has occurred, there is no additional impact, regardless of how high the pressure goes or how long it is maintained. when pressure is released, the molecules return to the enclosed atmosphere. the increase in pressure to the set point and the release of pressure at the end of the cycle must be carefully controlled, or else white spots can appear on the surface of the food or the barrier property of the polymer can be compromised. most hpp systems release their pressure within seconds. that can be devastating for map. rapid depressurization results in micro-explosions in the package material, causing a loss of barrier property or destruction of the material. there also can be problems with the food itself. it begins exploding, and foaming could occur. the result is a loss of moisture, a package that appears wet and damage to the food. the technical challenges in avoiding these problems are not difficult to figure out. a simple check valve is insufficient when controlling the release of extreme high pressure. there are physical differences in the machines we use, and the rate of decompression is adjusted, depending on the delicacy of the food itself. the end-to-end solution for high-pressure processing from multivac begins with automated or manual loading of pressure vessels and proceeds through unloading of pasteurized product upper left . tandem high-pressure presses immediately below that point are fabricated by uhde. fe: what kind of lidding film is used? richter: finding the right polyethylene polymers for a particular product is a major part of the studies and tests we conduct at our application center in wolfertschwenden, germany. different materials have different levels of elasticity. if the film is too rigid, it won t survive the process. if a package doesn t require barrier properties, at least two layers of film would compose the tray lid. if a high oxygen barrier is needed, there might be four to six layers. whatever the film structure is, puncture resistance is another requirement. fe: what types of package trays can survive extreme high pressure? richter: pictures have been circulated of a foam tray subjected to hpp. it emerged with its shape intact but in a much smaller size. thermoplastic polymers won t withstand the process. semi-rigid foam is required, and tiny differences can have a big impact. fortunately, we have chemists and film experts on staff to analyze each application. every product is its own project. package geometry also must be considered. sharp edges won t work. the package must be given a direction in which to collapse. it must be able to bend during compression and be elastic in some areas, rigid in others. fe: what type of gas mixture is used? richter: there are mixtures that work better than others, but this is information we do not wish to share. however, it is correct to say that the particular mixture will vary depending on the food being processed. the moisture level of the product itself also can have an impact the lower the moisture level, the less inactivation of any spoilage organisms that occurs. generally speaking, microbial deactivation and good shelf life extension occur when the water content of a product is to percent. fe: have you encountered any issues with foods organoleptic properties as a result of hpp? richter: preservation of the texture and nutritional value is the key advantage of homogeneous pressure, and there is little if any degradation in flavor, texture or vitamins. but color change can occur, and it s well known that the reason is the denaturization of blood proteins. color change is primarily an issue with raw foods. if the protein already has been processed, the color change will be minimal or unnoticeable. if white fish undergoes hpp, it will appear whiter afterwards. if salmon or red meat undergoes hpp, it will start to turn grey. fe: what is the relationship between multivac and uhde, which for decades has fabricated high-pressure equipment for industries, though not for food? richter: uhde knows how to control the process and build the machine, and multivac was looking for a partner or a supplier of high-pressure units, so we entered into a strategic partnership. but it s a multivac product with uhde inside. fe: describe the elements of one of your integrated lines. richter: our concept is to build a semi-continuous process with dual presses and an automated, integrated packaging line that includes product loading and unloading, labeling, weighing, inspection equipment and all other functions. the largest multivac system is two 350-liter autoclaves in tandem. one press is loaded while the other executes a three-and-a half-to five-minute cycle. we have designed a foldable transport container that optimizes the amount of product that can be loaded, and the baskets facilitate rapid loading and unloading. it can be done manually, but we took design to the next step with robotics. high-speed lines are good, but when they re down, you re in trouble. for the tandem system, we engineered a single pumping and intensifying unit. our preference is to place the pumping system outside the production area, where maintenance and repairs can be performed if a pump or seal fails while production continues, although at a somewhat slower rate. the first multivac hpp 700 tandem system is being installed and should be operational by summer. we re working on a dozen package concepts for this customer, and they involve map. fe: given the capital costs of a highly automated hpp line, is the technology limited to high-end, premium products? richter: food safety is the key to hpp s value add. the product itself shouldn t be an issue. if you have a raw or ready-to-eat meat product and pathogens are a potential problem, you should take every step necessary. from my point of view, you have no excuses not to use the technology if it is available.
__label__non_math	1.0000	beach brandy slush prep time: overall time: gallons scale convert cups hot water cups cold water pint peach brandy or more to taste can oz. lemonade concentrate can oz. orange juice concentrate - qt. 7up or ginger ale steep tea bags in hot water for approximately minutes. add sugar, and let dissolve. add c. cold water. mix pint peach brandy, the lemonade and orange juice concentrate. mix with tea mixture. add liter 7up or ginger ale. freeze. this is an old family friend. i remember my great aunt kate making it and serving it by her pool. i have tried to carry on the family tradition by creating a batch for summer or winter this recipe can definately be altered for taste, alcohol content. one variation that we have stumbled on over the years is to leave out the soda, adding scoops of the slush to the soda after freezing. have you made it? what'd you think? log in to review this recipe.
__label__non_math	0.9994	. sweet bagel chips slice stale cinnamon-raisin bagels crosswise into thin rounds. brush the tops with melted butter and sprinkle with cinnamon sugar. bake minutes at 325 degrees f; flip, brush with more butter, sprinkle with more cinnamon sugar and bake more minutes. . garlic bagel chips melt tablespoons butter with chopped garlic cloves in a saucepan. make sweet bagel chips no. using plain bagels and topping with the garlic butter and grated parmesan. . fruit dip mix cup low-fat sour cream and tablespoons each brown sugar and lime juice; sprinkle with cinnamon sugar. thread fruit onto skewers; serve with the dip. . cheesy chex mix toss cups chex cereal, cups mini pretzels and cup cheese crackers with cup grated parmesan, stick melted butter and a pinch of garlic powder. spread on a baking sheet and bake minutes at 325 degrees f, stirring. . caramel popcorn melt cup butter with tablespoon honey and a pinch of salt. toss with cups popcorn and cup pecans. spread on a parchment-lined baking sheet and bake minutes at 325 degrees f, tossing. cool. . sesame potato chips preheat baking sheets in a 425 degrees f oven. toss thinly sliced russet potatoes with olive oil and salt. spread on the hot baking sheets, sprinkle with sesame seeds and bake minutes. . curry potato chips make sesame potato chips no. ; toss the potatoes with curry powder before baking. omit the sesame seeds. . salami snails top strips of refrigerated breadstick dough with strip each of provolone and salami; roll into pinwheels. brush with olive oil and sprinkle with dried oregano. bake as the dough label directs. . pita nachos split a whole-wheat pita into rounds, then cut into wedges. broil until golden, then sprinkle with grated cheddar and salsa and broil until the cheese melts. top with sliced scallions. . apple quesadillas melt some butter in a skillet, then lay a flour tortilla in the pan and top with grated cheddar and thinly sliced apple on one side. fold the tortilla in half and cook until golden on both sides. cut into wedges.
__label__non_math	0.9887	as budgets are slashed and travel is frozen, management retreats often become a victim as the something that has to either go or be changed. therefore, operators are working to make sure if they do hold a management retreat, they make it as valuable and economical as possible. stay or go?: at ,900-student turlock calif. public schools, scott soiseth, director of child nutrition, holds one management retreat per school year, though the location has changed in the past few years. we have held the retreats at our facilities and also off campus, soiseth says. in light of the economy, we used our facility this year. the benefits of are that we are close to home, it s less expensive and we have access to any equipment or accommodations we need. the negative side is there is a greater potential for disruptions since we can be reached by phone or e-mail. soiseth says in past years, his department had a budget of ,000 for a two-day retreat, which usually was held at a retreat center. the center worked as a way to get the staff away from distractions and bond, which created higher expectations to complete the retreat s agenda. however, the high cost and logistics didn t make sense with the new budget. now we budget only a couple of thousand dollars and limit it to one day, soiseth says. but these retreats are more about the thought of working with co-workers that i do not usually get to interact with, and a chance to rejuvenate before school starts. mary gregoire, director of food and nutrition services at 671-bed rush university medical center in chicago, holds at least one retreat per year. it depends on the issues and what planning is needed, gregoire says. we have used retreats to strategically plan for our operation, but we also have several building projects going on around campus so we have also used half- and whole-day retreats to do design and operational planning. with the economy the way it is, we are now more likely to hold them on-site. however, when we have gone off-site, we ve done so in an economical way, such as using conference rooms at other hospitals, which often don t require payment for the room. we have also gone to the home of one of the management team members in the past. holding them on-site is typically cheaper and allows for team members to deal with an emergency issue if it arises. holding them off-site gives a different atmosphere to the meeting it helps us be more creative. for jennifer hesmondhalgh, executive chef at 633-bed wellstar kennestone hospital in marietta, ga., holding retreats off-site is still very important to her department. it really helps to keep everyone focused if the other staff cannot interrupt management, hesmondhalgh says. usually we will do a state of the company and talk about new things coming soon. we ll also do brainstorming across disciplines to solve major or ongoing issues. hesmondhalgh also admits that these off-site retreats can lend themselves to funny stories and memories. we were staying at a lodge resort where we had a fancy dinner, dancing and a bonfire, hesmondhalgh recalls. it was really a quiet country retreat until we realized several of the rooms were infested with bedbugs. it was not so quiet after that. also, once we had a nametag error, where it was supposed to read health system and it was printed hell system instead. topics and tactics: at ,100-student university of georgia in athens, jeanne fry, director of foodservices, says her department is too large for one retreat. so they hold one retreat for senior management and divide the assistant managers into two retreats. the retreats are held on campus and fry says the events are best when the department has developed a good agenda. i think it is critical to have an agenda and to stick to it, fry says. some subjects require a lecture-style approach, but we try to keep those to a minimum and choose activities that get the team involved. at our last retreat for senior management, they were divided into four groups and given an hour to come up with a new food concept for our food court. then they had to sell their idea in a presentation. you have to make it useful, relevant and interesting so that even those team members who grumble about it being a waste of time will engage and leave with a sense of value. jill irvin, director of dining services for university residences at ,100-student purdue university in west lafayette, ind., says she has had success basing her two management retreats around a book. we held one retreat with all dining management staff, which is about people, and we held another with all of the dining court managers and administrative team, which is about people. i ve used good to great by jim collins. we went through the first four chapters and used discussion questions from his web site. i was new in my role so it helped all of the managers and my admin team to get to know each other. it also helped them get to know who i was and the things i wanted to concentrate on. the larger retreat took place last january, when irvin was taking over the department. it was the first one of its kind and she hopes to continue to have them annually. irvin says she likes retreats because they are a way to get all levels of the staff together. during the school year, you re busy and everyone is doing their own thing, so it s easy to lose track of each other, irvin says. retreats help build that connection so in the middle of the school year when something goes wrong, it makes them feel more comfortable reaching out to other locations for help. operators offer tips for a successful retreat. planning a management retreat can seem a daunting task. with so much to think about, it can be easy to overlook something important. fsd reached out to several directors for their best retreat planning tips. staying timely in what the retreat is addressing is important, according to david annis, director of housing and food services at ,000-student uni-versity of oklahoma in norman. my best advice is to keep it relevant, annis says. try and get input from the participants long before the actual day of the retreat. they need to buy in to the process, and talking about things that interest them certainly helps. there s one tool that i always enjoy, where they have an electronic mat. it almost looks like a twister mat. it s got a lot of different circles on it. you can program it to have only one path to get across. it takes people working together to figure out how to make it across by stepping on certain circles in different directions. each member goes across and builds on the other s progress. at ,000-student ohio university, rich neumann, director of dining services, advises planning retreats at least three months in advance. i think it s important to solicit input for the agenda, neumann adds. prepare your staff for the retreat by telling them what will be discussed and giving pre-retreat assignments so that the retreat will be productive. for example, if you are talking about a reorganization, have attendees submit ideas in advance. for jennifer hesmondhalgh, executive chef at 633-bed wellstar kennestone hospital in marietta, ga., topic choice is important. cover a topic that needs attention, hesmondhalgh says. it should be fun, informative and timely. you are taking staff away for a day it is an investment and a reward. jill irvin, director of dining services for university residences at ,100-student purdue university in west lafayette, ind., thinks it s important to bring people from outside to speak. i would try to include someone from outside your department so staff can hear from a different voice, even if the message is one they have heard before, irvin says. for example, our professional growth and development committee had decided there were things about safety and security that needed to be addressed, such as when do you call the police? so we had a police officer from purdue police come in and talk about how we should react in certain circumstances what instances should we call the police or which ones were disciplinary issues within the rules of housing. gifts and innovative activities make byu s management retreats a success. at ,000-student brigham young university, dean wright, director of dining services, has been holding management retreats for many years although, he admits, they have had to change with the times. here, he talks about the importance of developing a theme for his retreats and why he thinks they are important to keep around. we conduct management retreats twice per year one for upper management and one for the entire management team. we have had many successful retreats, or as we call them, work groups. where we hold the retreats depends on the theme we are stressing. we always develop a theme, with the purpose to give a gift that helps the attendees remember the theme. for example, this past year for the large management retreat our theme was strength, honor, rejoice. the strength represented that we need to find strength in each other and strength in the fact that we have a strategic plan. the honor was to remind us to honor our profession. and rejoice was to remind us that even though there is a downturn in the economy, we have a lot to be happy for. we gave the employees small bronze coins called mites. the concept was based around the fact that out of small things comes that which is great. by focusing on small things we were able to keep our same financial return even with a downturn in sales. it would have sent out the wrong message if we had gone off campus for the retreat . i think there is a lot of sarcasm and a lot of oh no, another retreat. why don t they let me be back in my operation, doing what i do? i feel that if you have a learning environment that has a focus, especially if you give the person a token that helps them remember that focus, they re going to be much more successful. for example, we had a retreat where the whole focus was on communication, and we likened communication to bowling. sometimes you hit a strike and all the pins go down so you know your message was received. sometimes you get gutter balls and the message is missed, and then sometimes you knock down some of the pins, so part of the message was received. the morning session was all about listening and communicating. in the afternoon, we rented out a bowling alley on campus and i gave everyone a bowling shirt. they bowled in teams and afterwards they each met in their groups and asked each other what were some lessons they could learn about communication and teamwork from the bowling game. i think that by doing something different, it helps them remember and have takeaway value. if you just go to a retreat and sit for six hours, i promise you within hours they ll only remember half of it and within a week you re going to be lucky if they remember anything. but i also promise you that if you went to any of my employees that were here years ago and asked them about what they learned when bowling, they d be able to tell you, sometimes i get a gutter ball. i have found that if we hold it locally, rather than traveling a long distance, my people are more focused. we are fortunate to have beautiful mountains surrounding us so we have a variety of sites to choose from. probably the greatest negative when we do not leave campus is that my team still wants to do work and not be really focused. another thing we re doing in response to the economy is just offering refreshments instead of entire meals for half-day retreats. we ll do a much lighter, lower-cost meal but unconventional refreshments. for example, instead of doing fruit and bagels, we would do different types of soft pretzels. we want to put a twist on what we had been doing in the past. we re still giving the gift, but it may not be as expensive of a gift. we believe that together, everyone does achieve more. i think these retreats help us with innovation and accountability. everything we do, we try to focus on our mission and values. for us to be successful, we need to stay close to our core and that is to nourish the campus and the spirit of hospitality in support of learning and building community and building character. i think.
__label__math	0.5138	marks and spencer group plc, ithaca energy inc and xp power ltd all fall. the ftse 100 ukx is still up there, having gained another points to reach ,118 at the time of writing. the bank of england's decision today not to extend its quantitative easing programme does not appear to have damaged market sentiment, though keeping uk interest rates unchanged was widely expected. even if the ftse 100 is extending its gains, there are always some individual constituents of the indices that are falling. we look at three companies dropping today: marks spencer marks spencer lse: mks shares dropped .9p . after the high-street giant released a disappointing trading update for the quarter ending december. the problem is mainly in the clothing department, as the firm's "general merchandise" sales fell by . . on a like-for-like basis . with food up . , the overall result was a sale rise of just . , translating to a like-for-like sales fall of . overall. food sales over the christmas period were especially strong, hitting a record 330 million, which the company says is higher than the market. eyes will now be on m s's spring and summer clothing ranges, which launch this week. ithaca energy lse: iae dropped 6p . to 128p after publishing a fourth-quarter production report together with the firm's outlook for . net production came in at 610,000 barrels of oil equivalent boe , with an average rate of ,631 boe per day boepd . that was up on the third quarter, and is pretty much bang in the middle of the company's earlier guidance. but forecasts for suggest a small slowdown in production, with a production rate of between ,000 and ,700 boepd now expected. a trading update from xp power lse: xpp , the manufacturer of power control components for the electronics industry, led to a .5p . fall to 995p. revenue for the year to december fell by compared to , although that was expected, as cautious customers took their toll. but there was at least a "marginal" improvement in the second half. net debt fell over the year, from .million to .million. xp's fourth quarter dividend will be announced in february along with the firm's figures, but it is expected to be at least 16p for a total dividend of at least 49p per share. that's up on last year and represents a yield of . on the current price. finally, how does britain s ace investor neil woodford avoid share price falls? he goes for a strategy of buying solid blue-chip shares paying dependable long-term dividends. and in doing so, he's built a record of beating the ftse for nine straight years. if you want to see how mr woodford manages to beat the market, the free motley fool report "shares held by britain's super investor" takes a look at some of his key holdings. to get your copy, click here while it s still available. alan does not own any shares mentioned in this article.
__label__non_math	0.8873	i'm highly skeptical about the economic value of most share-repurchase programs. to see why, look at the graph of the total buyback dollar amount for the companies in the s p 500, compared with the average price of the index on a quarterly basis. share buybacks for the s p 500 accelerated in the second half of , culminating in a sharp spike during the first two quarters of -- just as the stock market was peaking. conversely, when stocks traded at bargain prices during the worst of the crisis, share buybacks dried up. then, as stocks became more expensive during the rally that began in march , companies once more became happy to step up the dollar amounts spent on share repurchases. still, not all buyback programs hurt shareholders. to praise smart capital allocators and shame those who fritter away shareholder capital, i've begun to track individual share-repurchase programs. today, i'm looking at the new program established by specialty glass products manufacturer corning nyse: glw . how much, for how long? corning is initiating a .billion share-repurchase program that expires at the end of . there are no other restrictions on when the company will buy shares, or in what amounts. does this buyback add up? corning's announcement is the model for an intelligent, shareholder-oriented buyback. as wendell weeks, chairman, ceo, and president of the company, explains: the board's decision to repurchase shares reflects our belief that the long-term value of our businesses is substantially greater than our current share price. the board's actions are consistent with the company's financial priorities that we outlined for investors in . the first priority is always to protect the corporation. the second priority is to invest in our growth opportunities, internally and externally, to deliver shareholder value. the third priority is to return money to shareholders either as dividends or through share repurchases, to enhance shareholder returns. that statement is perfectly consistent with the share-repurchase guidelines warren buffett outlined in berkshire hathaway's nyse: brk-b shareholder letter: there is only one combination of facts that makes it advisable for a company to repurchase its shares: first, the company has available funds -- cash plus sensible borrowing capacity -- beyond the near-term needs of the business and, second, it finds its stock selling in the market below its intrinsic value, conservatively calculated . the business "needs" that i speak of are of two kinds: first, expenditures that a company must make to maintain its competitive position e.g., the remodeling of stores at helzberg's and, second, optional outlays, aimed at business growth, that management expects will produce more than a dollar of value for each dollar spent r.c. willey's expansion into idaho . how cheap is the stock? corning management clearly understands that the relationship between price paid and intrinsic value determines whether share repurchases are compounding or destroying shareholder wealth. just how cheap or expensive are the shares right now? based on its price-to-earnings multiple, corning trades in the bottom half of a group of its competitors: you should be following corning and its peers corning's price-to-earnings multiple is in the bottom half of the range relative to the company's industry peers and in the bottom quintile compared with the companies in the s p 500 and to its own five-year history. with shares changing hands at .times next months' estimated earnings, the buyback program looks like a good use of shareholder capital at current prices; in fact, the entire group of stocks in the table looks attractive right now. you can start to track them with our free application, my watchlist. add all of these companies to my watchlist.
__label__non_math	0.9976	nextera energy nyse: nee announced today that it has officially completed the sale of 351 mw of hydro generating assets to brookfield renewable energy partners, a canadian pure-play renewable power platform. the assets include hydroelectric facilities, and eight upstream storage reservoirs located in maine and new hampshire. nextera and brookfield first announced the agreement in late december, with an expected completion by the end of q1 . at the time, president and ceo armando pimentel stated that "while this is an attractive portfolio in many respects, this transaction enables us to further optimize our power generation portfolio and concentrate our resources on areas with greater growth potential for our business." the sale price was based on a 700 million in existing non-recourse project debt. according to nextera's most recent annual report, hydroelectric power accounted for of its total generation capacity. with the completion of this sale, the utility has no remaining investments in hydropower assets. more expert advice from the motley fool the motley fool's chief investment officer has selected his no. stock for the next year. find out which stock in our brand-new free report: "the motley fool's top stock for ." i invite you to take a copy, free for a limited time. just click here to access the report and find out the name of this under-the-radar company.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the libero - joe cole faces long wait for redemption published: aug - : as far as debuts go, there have been better. joe cole never made a habit of playing for a whole minutes when he was a chelsea player, but that situation was largely beyond his control. it was never cole's choice to be a bit-part player at stamford bridge, and one that always sat uncomfortably with him. at liverpool however, he would be guaranteed what any self-respecting footballer requires as a bare minimum: a decent run in the first xi to prove himself. yet after just half a premier league game in a liverpool shirt, he is once again facing a spell on the sidelines. and this time it has nothing to do with a managerial lack of faith or an unfortunate injury. this time there can only be one person to blame for the brevity of his latest cameo appearance - joe cole. with blood pumping and adrenalin coursing through his veins, cole's desperation to make a good impression on his first league outing at anfield resulted in an early bath with a mere minutes under his belt. cole completed just premier league games in his seven-year chelsea career, although sunday was the first time he has been sent off. 'he's not that type of player' was the general view from both sides - surprising, considering the poor unfortunate on the receiving end of the tackle was one of arsene wenger's 'oft-targeted' troops. whatever wenger or roy hodgson thought of it, the truth is that cole's challenge was poor. very poor. and it could easily have left fellow summer recruit laurent koscielny with a broken limb. as it was, despite being stretchered off, the frenchman returned with nothing more than a bruised shin. in fact, it was cole that came out of the incident worse off. aside from a bruising of his own - of his ego - cole will now have to wait for a further three games before he can even contemplate playing a full minutes for his new club. that means liverpool will be deprived of his full services for their opening four league games. the impact of his absence is yet to be seen, but four games can potentially bring points. liverpool have already dropped two - although admittedly, they did admirably without him at anfield - but considering his status as a potential match-winner, a player who can turn one point into three with a clever pass or a fancy trick, he may well be sorely missed over the next weeks. not least at eastlands next weekend, when roy hodgson would love to be able to call on his new ,000 a week man. instead he will be twiddling his thumbs on the sidelines and while publicly the new reds boss has backed the "devastated" midfielder, privately he cannot be pleased that such an experienced campaigner allowed the occasion to get the better of him. nor, as it happens, can hodgson have been pleased with cole's performance prior to his dismissal. despite playing in his preferred central position, in behind lone front man david ngog, the england international was largely anonymous, far from mobile enough to worry the arsenal defence and lacking the kind of incisiveness liverpool crave. of course, his anfield career is still very much in its infancy and the merits of his signing should not and cannot be judged after just one game or, more to the point, half a game . the debate over who got the better deal - liverpool with cole or chelsea with yossi benayoun - may still be far from settled, but cole's indiscretion has given the chelsea camp an early advantage by default. and with the next three games set to be spent on the sidelines, cole has a long wait before he can do anything to redress the balance. - football.co.uk blogger:the libero - libero noun : . versatile, ball-playing defender given licence to roam. expected to break up opposition attacks while instigating counters. role patented by german legend franz beckenbauer. . versatile weekly football columnist, aka journalist mike hytner, given licence to write what he likes. expected to file every wednesday. not nearly as talented as his boyhood hero der kaiser. previous blog posts - five reasons to look forward to - winter world cup looms large - tevez request tarnishes his reputation - tottenham's entertainment rollercoaster runs risk of derailment - time to dispel myth about united's squad - supreme madrid look the real deal - change by default can only benefit england - united no longer provide benchmark for city - sneijder's form for club and country deserves ballon d'or - disloyal rooney set for ultimate betrayal - de jong tackle must prompt fa action - talk of terminal decline at liverpool is premature - consistency stands between berbatov and greatness - mourinho's real madrid are the real draw in europe - rooney finds his feet away from the headlines - harry the wheeler-dealer saves deadline day - city's homegrown flavour bodes well for england - joe cole faces long wait for redemption - natural conclusion to o'neill's time at villa - united running risk of falling behind - man city are a striker away from the title - why arsenal should let fabregas go - my world cup a-z - villa has outgunned a star-studded cast - germany are everything we are not - england prolong the agony - time for world cup to roar into life - france are in disarray - capello was right to snub walcott - blackpool must break with tradition - the vilification of kevin-prince boateng - gary neville deserved a place in the - spurs are back in the big time - free-scoring chelsea refuse to buckle - dawson deserves his chance to upstage terry - avram grant deserves his moment in the sun - welcome back newcastle united - bayern exorcise ghosts to leave united in the mire - rooney or bust for england - revenge is sweet for bold mourinho - who needs fabregas when you have arshavin - hypocrit wenger adds amnesia to his myopia - chelsea have moved on from mourinho - play-offs would cheapen the champions league - ruthless capello delivers on his reputation - capello left with no choice over terry - tepid transfer window reflects prem malaise - tevez makes his point to ferguson - chelsea and barcelona will be kings of
__label__non_math	0.9987	- middlesbrough news - news archive - league table - championship news middlesbrough plymouth argyle published : nov : middlesbrough plymouth argyle his first match in charge of celtic ended in a -hammering, but the season still ended in title celebrations at parkhead. it is little wonder then that gordon strachan is not too concerned after opening a new chapter of his career with another defeat. had gareth southgate survived this long he would have been fearing the sack this morning after another day of the sort of home woe at the riverside stadium which ultimately cost him his job. but in strachan, chairman steve gibsons choice to succeed southgate, the majority of fans are satisfied with the appointment and optimistic the little scotsman with a dry sense of humour can put the smiles back on their faces. match one of his reign might have ended in a narrow loss courtesy of jamie mackies 64th minute winner, it might also have ended with middlesbrough dropping below the championships play-off zone in front of a crowd that rose above ,000 again. but he needs to be given time to address the failings of the previous regime, having inherited a squad short on confidence on teesside turf and one strachan has already highlighted lacks the type of experience he would prefer. the fans will be more patient now, said julio arca, recalled to the starting line-up by his new manager, albeit in a less familiar role on the right. we lost and it was disappointing but the fans will give him time. he has only been here a week. they will have to be patient and give him time. they appreciate it takes time for a manager to put his stamp on things. he needs time to show what he can do with the players and see what they can do for him. everyone needs time. we need time to get used to him and he will need time to get used to us. this week has been good because we have trained all week with him, we know what he is looking for. hopefully things will work out. he wants to improve players, make them play better to get promotion. strachan seemed relaxed beforehand, as he signed autographs from the dug-out and waved to every corner of the ground following his belated entrance out of the tunnel. by full-time he had every right to feel more aggrieved. perhaps he might approach things differently if a similar result and performance is being repeated a few weeks into his tenure. but after his first match in charge he was complimentary towards his players rather than critical. he has been very calm with us, said arca, with boro three points short of second place and just as many above 12th in the championship. the manager showed how much experience he has, he has been in the game for a long time. he told us what he wants us to do. at the end he was as disappointed as us, but he said we deserved to win the game. we have not seen the angry side of him yet. we know how he can be, if performances are really bad we will see the other side of him. but this time the lads performed really hard, we just didnt score, there was not too much wrong. plymouth had started the day second from bottom and without a clean sheet all season, meaning expectations were high around the riverside, with most expecting strachan to open in perfect fashion. it soon became clear that was not going to be the case. plymouth, who went close in the opening half when winger alan judge struck inches wide and goalkeeper brad jones denied karl duguid with a save low to his right, never looked like conceding. on the one occasion middlesbrough broke them down, centre- back shane lowry made an exceptional block on six yards from marvin emnes after adam johnsons burst into the box from the left. with options limited, strachan could not change things too much, but he did try to find more creativity by including arca on the right flank. he also brought on marcus bent for his first piece of action since his two-month loan from birmingham. neither decision really paid off. arca performed well after being asked to tuck in and support the forwards, but the tactic still failed to improve the tally of seven goals from the first eight matches at the riverside. everyone has been excited to be working with him and training really hard to be in the team. we didnt know the team until late on friday, so everyone has had to push hard to be in the team all week, said arca. training has been a bit different, more intense. he has changed things, he likes us to play football more. even at the end when we started to put balls in the box, he said we should have carried on playing football and waited for the right chance. having already waved away a couple of decent appeals for a penalty, referee mick russell did do his best to help middlesbrough claw themselves level after mackies opener. he awarded a dubious spotkick when sean st ledger was barged to the floor when he ran into kari arnason after a neat one-two with leroy lita. johnson, with nine goals to his name this season, side-footed the kick off the wrong side of the post. it meant that plymouth were left to celebrate a one-goal victory that was handed to them on a plate by david wheater just after the hour. a searching long ball from gary sawyer was not dealt with properly by wheater, who was brushed aside with ease by the powerful mackie. the former exeter city striker then had the confidence to roll his shot underneath jones to find the net. everyone is disappointed after losing a game, but we will go to crystal palace next week and start again, said arca. its a long season, we have only played games. theres plenty to do. we just need to improve at home. we were looking forward to winning the game and we created enough chances to win, it was just a little mistake and they took advantage of that to score. thats all they did. sometimes you deserve to win and you dont, thats football. match facts goals: -: mackie , nipped in front of wheater before applying low finish underneath jones bookings: fletcher , dissent referee: mick russell kidderminster an awful game and even the penalty he handed to boro was dodgy attendance: ,141 entertainment: middlesbrough -- : jones: made a couple of quality stops, preventing the scoreline from being worse. hoyte: needs to offer far more going forward, particularly his final ball. wheater: will be frustrated with the way he allowed mackie in, having won everything until then. st ledger: solid enough and has slotted in well since his move from preston. pogatetz: a suspected fractured cheekbone cut short his return and now faces a long spell out arca: did what was asked of him on the right, tucking inside to help the midfield and strikers. oneil: has had better days this season and strachan needs him to recapture his best. williams: was the man asked to sit deeper and break things up, which he did. johnson: always the most likely candidate to spark boro into life. but hit an awful penalty. 6lita: one of his most energetic displays to date, but failed to threaten 5emnes: should have scored first half, faded afterwards subs: bent for emnes : would have preferred a stronger impact grounds for pogatetz : comfortable return to action yeates for arca not used : coyne gk , mcmahon, digard, franks. plymouth argyle -- : larrieu ; gray , lowry , arnason , sawyer ; judge clark , fletcher , duguid , folly ; gow barnes , mackie . subs not used : letheran, paterson, timar, sheridan, mason. man of the match shane lowry a tower of strength at the heart of the plymouth defence.
__label__non_math	1.0000	mcilroy pens shrimps deal nov - : morecambe boss sammy mcilroy has put pen to paper on a one-year extension to his existing contract. the -year-old former northern ireland manager has been in charge of the shrimps for three years and will now remain in the christie park hot-seat until at least the end of the season. "this is a great club and we've had some wonderful times over the three years i've been here and, although we've had a difficult start this season, we can now plan for the future," mcilroy told the club's official website. "we're still establishing ourselves in the football league but the club has great potential. "we're looking to move into a new ground and we have great supporters and a great board and we're all looking to progress together. "it's tough being a manager but i'm delighted that i have a chairman and a board of directors who have shown great confidence in me and my staff.''
__label__non_math	1.0000	premier league preview: tottenham v wigan by football news andre villas-boas' side are fourth on the table with points, four points behind manchester city and manchester united and five points behind leaders chelsea. however, tottenham have made a shaky start to the season at white hart lane, managing just two wins and two draws from five matches at home. adding to their woes, tottenham were stunned in the capital one cup on wednesday, going down to premier league rivals norwich city -at carrow road. "we set out to try and win this game and to let it slip in the end is difficult for everyone," villas-boas told tottenham's website. "but we move on and focus on wigan now." wigan suffered a bigger blow in the capital one cup after being eliminated by league two outfit bradford city on tuesday. roberto martinez's men dominated possession at the dw stadium but were unable to find a way past goalkeeper matt duke before bowing out in a penalty shootout. "the whole team are very disappointed, we had players in the team who were desperate for minutes on the pitch and to make an impact on the team," martinez told wigan's website. "but we'll look back on exiting the cup having not lost the game in normal time and after being the better side throughout the match, but just lacking the final touch." wigan, in 15th on eight points, are aiming for their second straight win in the league, having accounted for west ham united -last week.
__label__non_math	0.9999	discuss football with over ,000 fans. free membership. log in to check your private messages problems logging in? click here to fix login problems. footballsfuture.com forum index please enter your username and password to log in. log me on automatically each visit: i can't stay logged in i forgot my password i need a username , phpbb group
__label__non_math	1.0000	football star is the game where you're the player you will be able to decide what club to join, set up training schemes, interact with your team mates, give interviews, shop at the city to improve your lifestyle and morale, amongst several other options, in order to become the best football player the world has ever seen at footstar you can also be a manager, a reporter or a sports agent what are you waiting for? the referee is about to blow his whistle for the first time... your team mates are waiting
__label__non_math	1.0000	there are no items in your cart at this time. sign up to receive new arrival, sale special event info from us. note: we do not share your personal information with anyone. period. "i am just emailing you to let you know that since i have received my mbt shoes, i have referred of my friends to your website. i have been very impressed by your customer service commitment to customer satisfaction footwear etc. . for any questions or assistance call -800-720-.
__label__non_math	0.9982	more about thorlo socks... the comfort fittm system think of your feet, your thorlos and your shoes as a system. knowing what we know about the destructive forces on your feet, we recommend buying and wearing your thorlos and shoes together, as a comfort fit system. this is the best way to get maximum comfort and protection for your feet. once you try it, you ll experience the difference better feeling feet can make everyday or when performance is critical. preventive foot healthtm foot pain is preventable. thorlo has proven this with published scientific medical research. our consumers constantly tell us that with thorlos , their feet really do feel better, and that they are able to perform better, longer and safer when wearing thorlos . thorlos are made with various performance fibers, including: thor lon acrylic yarns are exclusively developed for our thorlos construction. trapped perspiration in the shoe environment tends to flatten or crush down common acrylic yarns. thor lon acrylics are specially spun to maintain both softness and resilience, which maximizes foot comfort, blister protection and product durability. coolmax - invista manufactures this fiber with a unique four-channeled cross section that produces a soft, cotton-like yarn with such superior moisture transport qualities that skin temperatures prove perceptibly cooler in comparison yarn testing. thorlos with coolmax provide excellent blister protection while keeping you comfortably cool.
__label__non_math	0.9994	watching: the southsiders invented a brilliant idea for whitecaps fans to wear their colours with pride every wednesday. we here at the 'caps office really love that idea. like really love it hosted atyoutube.com this video is provided and hosted from a 3rd party server. our search functionality is helping you discover publicly available websites their content. footytube as a search engine does not host or upload this material and is not responsible for the content.
__label__non_math	0.9949	trouble at chasehana r. alberts, .., edt in the short run, says dick bove, jpmorgan chase will suffer. but recovery is on the way. one veteran banking analyst lowered his estimate monday on jpmorgan chase's earnings for this year--but he's bullish about the value of the company in and . this month the u.s.'s second-largest bank, which has weathered the recession better than most as it acquired ailing firms like bear stearns and washington mutual while maintaining a healthy for its industry balance sheet, began to repay its loans from the trouble asset relief program. following its announcement of record revenue in the first quarter, most analysts believe jpmorgan is poised to post equally strong second-quarter revenues this week. in fact, one report last week contended that jpmorgan holds more promise than the vaunted goldman sachs gs - news - people . but a report published by richard bove, vice president of equity research at rochdale research who analyzes banking and brokerage industries, said that promise won't be realized until is behind us. he lowered his prediction for the bank's earnings this year, to .per share. see "get briefed: dick bove." bove's argument is based on revised estimates that take into account two things that are likely to lower the bank's value: first, redeeming the tarp preferred shares held by the government will cost the company; and second, that the bank will bear the expense of an fdic assessment of its health. the rochdale report concedes that jpmorgan, which boasts .trillion in assets, scored some victories this quarter that will temper its losses. for one, bove says, analysts believe the bank was one of the primary underwriters for the massive amount of capital raised by banks over the past few months. beyond that, the bank's trading division likely also profited. but bove also points out that the bread and butter of jpmorgan's business--traditional investment banking--may have suffered not only because demand for new loans is low but also because of a low return on already-issued loans. see a transcript of steve forbes' recent interview with dick bove. the good news? these reduced expectations are only temporary. bove adjusted jpmorgan's earnings estimates up for the next two years, raising the estimate to .per share and the estimate to .. see "bove sees banks rising." bove hesitates, however, to give the bank's prospects an unconditional thumbs-up, citing regulatory risks that he thinks that ceo jamie dimon doesn't understand based on an op-ed that dimon wrote for the wall street journal this weekend. in it, he lauded several of obama's regulatory reforms, including the creation of a single banking czar as well as tightening the rules for previously unchecked financial firms like mortgage companies and hedge funds as well as the trading of financial products with shady origins like derivatives. "i wonder if mr. dimon really understands these proposals as they impact his bank," bove wrote in the report. bove thinks that increased capital requirements, forcing banks to hang onto securitized products and forcing large banks to adhere to stricter lending standards than small ones, is bad for jpmorgan and for wall street. despite his reservations, bove is optimistic about the future performance of the financial sector as a whole. in fact, he has predicted that explosive earnings, growth and unusually strong stock price performance from the beleaguered banking industry lie ahead. see "bank stocks to triple." that will benefit not only jpmorgan but its competitors, too, like citigroup c - news - people , bank of america bac - news - people and goldman sachs. shares of these firms could even triple in price over the next five years. given those odds, according to bove, jpmorgan is a good buy. jpmorgan reports earnings july .
__label__non_math	1.0000	nuclear power on the reboundjonathan fahey and christopher helman, .., est new loan guarantees and obama's support are a step toward new u.s. nukes. the george w. bush administration set aside billion and try to develop a plan for dealing with nuclear waste. southern co. will be the leader, but with billion still on the table, there will be plenty of followers. to read more of jonathan fahey's stories, click here. contact the writer at email to read more of christopher helman's stories, click here. contact the writer at firstname.lastname
__label__math	0.7540	chuck jones, contributor i cover technology companies, worldwide economies and the stock market as of the third week of february 429 of the s p 500 companies have reported december quarter results. according to factset earnings growth for the quarter has been . , which is higher than the . that was projected at the end of the year. calendar revenue growth estimates for the s p 500 has come down from . at the end of last year to . as of february . the it sector has the fourth highest revenue growth projection at . , which is down from . at the beginning of the year. calendar earnings for the s p 500 are expected to grow . vs. the . at the beginning of the year. with revenue growth expectations at . margins will have to increase to hit the earnings growth projections. since i believe it will be difficult to increase margins and get revenue to grow much more that is currently expected it would not surprise me that the s p 500 earnings estimates will continue to trend down through the year from the current 108.tops-down projection. the first quarters bottom-up eps estimate of .. currently the year over year growth rates for the second, third and fourth quarters are . , . and . , respectively. while the third quarter is an easy compare since s third quarter earnings declined . the s fourth quarters eps estimate is projected to increase . . while the fourth quarter is not a tough compare getting earnings growth should be challenging. i believe that given the economic weakness in europe and the political economic challenges in the us that both the bottom-up and top-down earnings estimates will decrease through the year.
__label__non_math	0.7846	looking at the universe of stocks we cover at dividend channel, on , time warner cable inc nyse: twc will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of ., this dividend works out to approximately . , so look for shares of time warner cable inc to trade . lower all else being equal when twc shares open for trading on . click here to learn which s.a.f.e. dividend stocks should be on your radar screen or click here to find out which other stocks going ex-dividend you should know about, at dividendchannel.com below is a dividend history chart for twc, showing historical dividends prior to the most recent .declared by time warner cable inc: in general, dividends are not always predictable; but looking at the history above can help in judging whether the most recent dividend from twc is likely to continue, and whether the current estimated yield of . on annualized basis is a reasonable expectation of annual yield going forward. in monday trading, time warner cable inc shares are currently up about . on the day.
__label__non_math	0.9974	jeanne meister, contributor i research, consult and speak on the future workplace. third-party sites that rate influence are relatively new on the scene, but they re already changing the way recruiting is done. current frontrunner klout, which launched in , was the first popular social media analytics service. it aims to measure users influence across their social network, and does so by pulling data from various social profiles and churning out a score based on a specific, if mysterious, algorithm. klout may have its flaws many users are skeptical about the algorithm, especially after a retooling in october knocked many users down by points or more including this forbes contributor. i got everything short of death threats, klout ceo joe fernandez said of the blowback. but over six months later, users have accepted klout s new calculations so much so that klout is on its way to becoming an integral part of the job search and recruiting process for many individuals and companies. we look at this as similar to an sat, says klout spokeswoman lynn fox. it is one of many factors that is considered when a person applies to a university. likewise, the klout score can be used as one of many indicators of someone s skill set. how klout works though it started as a corollary of twitter, klout now pulls data from as many as twelve social media platforms, depending on the user s preference. klout monitors the user s activity on each of these profiles, and crunches those numbers into a few key metrics: your true reach score indicates how many people you influence the number of people who respond or share repost, retweet, etc. when you post a message. amplification is a measure of how much you influence those people. finally, your network takes into account the influence of the friends you re connected to on twitter, facebook, and your other networks. your overall klout score is a combination of all of these metrics. the future of social media analytics but klout is just the beginning. reppify, a san francisco-based startup, creates a job fit score for candidates and companies based on social media presence, among other things. some may find such scoring reductive, but as ceo chirag nangia sees it, creating quantifiable measures of job fitness in fact represents a step up from the traditional recruiting process. research shows that recruiters spend an average of only six seconds looking at each resume they consider, and often make decisions based on subjective measures or gut instinct. reppify s scoring method theoretically accounts for much more than those six seconds could. you have things like klout and kred and all these other things which are in some cases very pertinent, nangia said. if someone s hiring for a marketing position, that could be really important. the hiring managers at klout, for their part, do take prospective employees klout scores into account when reviewing applicants even though mr. fernandez knows that move can be controversial. people are emotionally attached to their score. it is tied to their ego, he told fox news latino. silencing the skeptics the average user is still skeptical about the presence of influence scores on resumes and in the recruiting process. in a washington post.com poll, of readers said that job applicants should absolutely not include a klout score on their resumes. but forward-thinking companies and employers recognize that social media is the platform of the future. whether or not you work in an industry where building your online influence matters i.e. public relations, marketing or sales , over the next decade you will be hired and promoted based upon your reputation capital. this fact became abundantly clear as i researched my book the workplace in fact it became a top prediction for the future workplace. already some companies, such as best buy, were listing reputation capital as a requirement for hire, and researchers like dr. robert cross, a professor of management at the university of virginia, were determining that the highest performers in an organization tend to focus on building high-quality social networks.
__label__non_math	0.7151	peter j reilly, contributor i focus on the tax issues of individuals, businesses more i really like the idea of the we the people site. the bulk of the most popular petitions maybe not so much. you have to scroll down a bit to come to a tax related petition of interest. repeal doma. i signed that sucker. i know doma is about much more than taxes, but that is the part i have been writing about . i think the the thing to do with the westboro baptist church, which is the focus of several of the most popular petitions, is to ignore them. clearly there are a few hundred thousand people, who think otherwise. what i would like to see on we the people what i suggested in a previous post is that people who have spent a lot of time looking at tax returns, following tax litigation or in some other way studying our existing tax system put up some tightly focused petitions that might contribute to the cause of simplification. ideally they should be, at least arguably, revenue neutral or in the case of egrigous abuses revenue positive. it is easy to say we should get rid of the amt or the estate tax or as one petition puts it: replace the federal income tax code with a simple flat tax a good example my friend robert baty inspired me in this. he put up a petition to repeal code section 107. it will not be searchable on the site until it gets 150 signatures. code section 107 allows ministers of the gospel to receive a tax-free housing allowance. there is no dollar limit making for televangelists and mega-church ministers using tax deductible donation to fund out-sized tax-free housing allowances. the definition of minister of the gospel is also rather elastic allowing for basketball ministers . bob was an irs appeals officer and he has carried the fight against the basketball minister travesty into retirement. personally i think that code section 107 should be reformed a bit rather than repealed, but i signed the petition to help the discussion along. my first petition i decided that if i was going to challenge my readers and fellow tax bloggers to put up some tightly focused tax petitions, i should do a couple myself. here is my first one: get the irs out of defining family our tax code s system of individual taxation is based on the typical american family of the 1950s. significant simplification could be achieved by replacing the current four individual filing statuses with one and replacing personal and dependency exemptions with a single freely transferable credit. . one filing status for individuals . no deductions for dependents . a freely transferable credit designed to achieve revenue neutrality with the current system. credits of dependent children allocated by agreement of custodial parents, but defaulting to the mother if no agreement is reached. . earned income taxed to person who earned it regardless of state community property laws. why this is a good idea the main objection to this proposal is that if it went through the tax court might have to lay off a couple of judges. i at least look at every tax court decision and read most of them entirely in order to be able to write about a few of them. in the last couple of weeks there have been four decisions about dependency deductions. innocent spouse cases, where someone sees the dark side of joint returns are a regular occurrence. then there is the mucking fess that conflicting laws about same sex marriage have created. i really don t have a lot of hope that this petition or my next one are going to get very far, but i want to let you know the type of thing that i have in mind. i will write a post about any tax petitions that have this type of focus regardless of whether i agree with them or not. you can follow me on twitter
__label__non_math	0.9978	al davis has left the building, but no matter where he is, i expect he s arguing with his maker, once a raider, always a raider. davis passed away today at the age of , and leaves an indelible mark on the nfl. few executives in professional sports have been as controversial. while time seemed to pass up davis in recent years the strategy and methods to build a winning team changing with the times for years, the raiders were the gold standard for the afl and nfl after the merger. from to the raiders won division championships, one afl championship , three super bowls xi, xv, and xviii and made playoff appearances. davis is surely yelling at me from the great beyond right now. he would say it wasn t the gold standard it was the silver and black standard. he promoted a philosophy that players rallied around. the eye patch and swords meant fighting for the wins in a way that now conjures up old school. but there was more. pride and poise , commitment to excellence, and just win, baby were not just sayings to davis, there were trademarked. and, there s little doubting that former and current players, as well as some fans, have one of these slogans tattooed on the skin, and likely, their soul. davis was also nothing if controversial. he was involved in several lawsuits with the nfl, including the relocation of the raiders to la. the owners voted then -against the move, and the move was initially blocked by a court injunction, but eventually davis was able to get the courts his way. the club back to oakland in . davis tried suing the league before the move saying that the nfl had purposely tried to derail efforts to get a new stadium built in inglewood. there were other cases where davis went against the grain. when the upstart usfl filed a lawsuit against the nfl and then commissioner pete rozelle for violation of the sherman antitrust act, davis sided with the usfl and the raiders were excluded from the suit in exchange for davis testimony for the usfl. the league sought actual damages of .billion. in , nfl films chose the feud between davis and the nfl and pete rozelle as their number greatest feud in nfl history on the nfl network s top ten feuds. davis left an indelible mark on the nfl. he was driven, and a maverick, and surely a thorn in the nfl s side. he held fast to what made the raiders great in a time long past, and refused to budge to the changing times. with davis passing, it truly marks an end of an era. when the history of the nfl is written, its early days are defined by davis more than any other. follow maury brown on twitter
__label__math	0.9885	let s start with the understanding that the federal trade commission states that if scrap generated in the manufacturing process is reused for manufacturing new product, it can not be calculated as post-industrial recycled content, as this reuse of scrap is a part of the typical manufacturing process. so your first question when receiving post-industrial recycled content data should be, how did you make this calculation, and where did the recycled waste come from? stakeholder demand for recycled content in building products has been largely driven by the leed rating system, and the points gained by contributing to the recycled content credit. now, since scrap reused in the manufacturing process can not be calculated, many manufactures play a form of the shell game . if a manufacturer has multiple facilities making products that generate scrap which can be reused in all the manufacturing processes then, to calculate post-industrial recycled content, the scrap is just moved between facilities. now the scrap is claimed to be diverted from landfill and calculated as recycled content. please understand that for a recycling program to work, a manufacturer needs a continuous feedstock of waste material, so some of this moving around of scrap is legitimate. if the manufacturer is playing the shell game just for the points, then all that is being done is increased energy use and co2 emissions... how sustainable is that?
__label__non_math	0.9573	you are currently viewing our forum as a guest, which gives you limited access to view most discussions and access our other features. by joining our community, at no cost, you will have access to post topics, communicate privately with other members pm , respond to polls, upload content and access many other special features. registration is free, fast and simple, so please join our community today hey guys. just looking for your thoughts on wether or not a weight distribution hitch wdh is required for my ride. i'm going to be towing a ' travel trailer dual axle. the tongue weight is about 500lbs and the trailer weight is around -5500lbs. i'll be a seasonal driver maybe - times a year. the dealer indicated i wouldn't need a wdh as this trailer is light and the dual axle will provide a low tongue weight and good balance. he mentioned something quick about the expy independent suspension handles a little better with load, but i don't think that plays much here. i will be towing with a expy el limited, no air bags. you are definitely within specs of any expedition with the tow package. will it hurt to have a wdh, no, but for the use you are stating i don't think you need it. does the trailer have brakes? if so you may consider a controller, there are a bunch that are plug and play. i would go with a wd hitch just for the fact you can add a actual working sway controller system to it when youre towing in windy conditions. plus if the wd hitch is set up right then it is safer for you and the people around you than if you just had to hooked up a drop mount. i think even with a 500lb tounge weight your ride is going to be sitting a bit low and the wd hitch can fix that, plus make the ride a bit more enjoyable. that trailer will have brakes and you will need a trailer brake controller. ford f-250 crewcab shortbed 4x4 ., .gears stock height for now , t3 grille guard with hella lights, cherrybomb extreme muffler, cb and satellite radios, many minor mods with more be putting on everyday. you need a wdh with the soft coil spring suspension of the expedition. and your pound trailer should have a minimum of 500 pounds on the ball for safe towing. to is the requirement. our pound trailer puts 750 pounds on the ball when we're carrying a full load of freshwater. a ,000 pound equalizer tm is my recommendation. this wdh has built in sway control. i assume you have a brake controller? tekonsha prodigy or p3 are state of the art and not expensive. very nice, thanks guys. i'm concluding that the wdh isn't something you need to tow this but will certainly help for increases safety and support. the trailer is actually rated at 505 lbs at the tongue dry so i would assume 505-650 lbs with gear and water?? i don't yet have a brake controller but yes this trailer does have electric brakes. i was just going to get he dealer to install something common for that, but perhaps i should shop around. chuck, have you ever towed your rig without the wdh? your's looks similar to what we are getting and wonder what your experience is with our without. you have to have it but you will be allot safer, happier and have a smother ride if you had it. i don't know how the weather is were your at but i'm sure alberta has wind kinda like we do and there is nothing like having a swaying trailer jerking you around because you were to cheap to opt for the wd you can normally find them on craigslist for pretty reasonable. and for a brake controller just get the tekonsha prodigy is great and you can get a wiring harness that plugs in under the dash and saves allot of hassle. f150 screw .4x4 i finally got my dream truck dodge caravan i know its a minivan kids don't fit in anything else that can get mpg on the highway my opinion is, you are at a threshold of needing, and not... when one hits a threshold, in anything, round up. you should get a weight distributing hitch. i am sure you already have a brake controller, as i dont think the camper place, that sold you your unit, would let you off the lot without one. isnt that weight a lbs rule? anyways i would reccomend one wdh but will also reccomend trying to find one used... i have bought many, complete sets, head bars nap up brackets for around ... sure beats the new cost. i will also reccomend light bars. the torsion bars come is different weights, 500 to 750, or 750 to lbs weight ratings. get the light ones, and make sure your ball height is set at trailer specs. or inches, ect... what ever it is. in closing, you dont have to spend alot of cash, to acheive safety. i have an extra draw tight brake controller, u haul is also made by drawtight, cost is around 250. and you are safe. do you need this? maybe not... do you want to be safe? maybe so... keep the rig level... axles have allignment, and a level rig will travel true, with little tire wear, and proper brakeing superduty 4x4 extcb ., torqshift, . mustang 's, 750 hp windsor. ultratech chassis gmc truck, mustang ii, sbc. sig sauer p229 two tone. thanks again guys for your notes. i think i will invest the little cost to get this setup. on another note i decided to talk to one of the folks at the dealership who they referred to as the expert . he mentioned that once again it wasn't required and actually said it could be harmful for this setup. he said that since this rig had a lower than normal tw that the wdh could actually cause the tw to be lower than the requirement, and could cause the rear wheels to be too light on the road. i guess that might be true on a totally empty load so i'll just make sure to balance everything right. factory brochure weights try to make their trailers appear light so the dealer can sell you a trailer that's too heavy for you to tow. trailers on the dealer's lot are at least 300 pounds more than their listed dry weight doesn't include factory options like the awning, spare tire, etc and tongue weights are usually understated at well. the brochure tongue weight for my camper was 367 pounds. the scale is accurate this forum is owned and operated by internet brands, inc., a delaware corporation. it is not authorized or endorsed by the ford motor company and is not affiliated with the ford motor company or its related companies in any way. ford is a registered trademark of the ford motor company.
__label__non_math	0.9994	the federal bureau of investigation fbi has warned computer users that e-mails from scam artists pretending to be fbi agents are spreading a computer virus. the e-mails tell recipients that the fbi's internet fraud complaint center has monitored their internet use and found they have accessed illegal web sites. the e-mails then direct recipients to open an attachment and complete a questionnaire. this is a bogus message. the attachment contains a computer virus. do not open or launch the attachment. you should delete the e-mail immediately. as a general rule, if you receive an e-mail that you are not expecting, even if you know the sender, do not open it or launch the attachment and do not forward the message. if you are not sure, contact the sender to verify the e-mail. otherwise, delete the e-mail. the information and network security team has put in place appropriate protections to prevent the virus from spreading. current anti-virus definitions detect and block this virus.
__label__non_math	0.9907	cam ignition timing hey guys, i need help... just changed a head gasket and was wondering if when the marks on the crank and cam sproket line up, should the rotor on the dizzy line up with the start mark on the dizzy?? its sitting about 10deg before the start mark. car is .9l duel point injection eb1 .9l mpi falcon wagon with converted t5 pacemaker ." redback sports exhaust " lowered blocks at the rear, kings lows up front ed tickford head and cam k n panel filter with xh intake snorkel full el fairmont interior with woodgrain ea1 .9l tbi falcon sedan with speed auto currently being upgraded...
__label__non_math	0.9999	had a blown tailight bulb in explorer. replaced bulb,a week later blew fuse. blew several times,found wire rubbed in panel by jack.repaired but now when inserting fuse tailights and park lights stay on...help the autoguide.com network consists of the largest network of enthusiast-owned enthusiast-operated automotive communities. autoguide.com provides the latest car reviews, auto show coverage, new car prices, and automotive news. the autoguide network operates more than 100 automotive forums where our users consult peers for shopping information and advice, and share opinions as a community.
__label__non_math	0.8807	what should i do to maximise the chances of a strong result from the forensic examination? to preserve the evidentiary value of documents, the person handling the case should take the following steps: contact us as soon as possible for initial advice; do not allow the document to be treated for latent fingerprint development prior to submitting it to the document examiner - processing for latent fingerprints may alter valuable evidence and will render the use of esda ineffective in detecting latent writing impressions evidence; always submit the original document for examination when it is available or obtainable; avoid direct handling of any documents or items to be examined for fingerprints; keep direct handling of other original documents to an absolute minimum if they are to be repeatedly referred to they should be individually placed inside copy safe sheet protectors transparent sleeves ; where original documents are not available, submit the earliest generation, best quality copy; avoid feeding documents through automatic document feeders on photocopiers, scanners and faxes; avoid shuffling the documents; avoid using staples, tweezers, binder clips and other such devices on the documents; avoid folding the documents; always submit appropriate specimen documents - originals where possible and of similar date to the questioned document; preserve and protect the questioned and specimen documents from bright light, the extremes of temperature and humidity, and from receiving inadvertent writing impressions pending delivery to our laboratory; protect the documents between two sheets of cardboard to prevent bending and inadvertent addition of writing impressions; provide relevant background information on the nature of the case this will often assist our examiners in providing advice on the most relevant documentation to be submitted for examination and also in providing advice on other possible forensic examinations that should be considered.
__label__non_math	1.0000	an area of tremendous historic significance, the grand basin was the central gathering place for the world s fair, and during the time of the fair was surrounded by temporary palaces and cascading waterfalls. after the fair, the basin was allowed to deteriorate and was eventually incorporated into the golf course. as part of the forest park master plan, golf was moved from this location and the entire basin was restored and eight new fountains added. today the grand basin is the no. site in st. louis for wedding and prom photos. art hill is a natural amphitheatre for community events and even kite flying. sledding is permitted on art hill during snowy weather, unless restrictions are posted. our mission: to restore, maintain and sustain forest park as one of america s great urban public parks, for the enjoyment of all now and forever.
__label__math	1.0000	after losing the key support mentioned in the previous report at ., see how the pair declined below . and opened ways to ..... but remember , last friday we had bullish breakout on daily chart at . , this week the pair failed to maintain its move above . ,and declined probably to get more momentum to continue its way up? keep in mind as long as we have daily closing above . , we have high opportunity to resume the upward move any moment , but in return losing . with daily closing - weekly better - below this level may lead for strong bearish move toward . zones on the hour chart , rsi showed that there's no enough momentum to resume the upward move, rsi now is approaching from oversold area , so we may witness pullback very soon the last point is williams on the hour chart suggested bearish breakout at . - resistance - the breakout is valid as long as . holds , a clear break above this level might test . zones resistance : . ,. , . , . , . support : . ,. , . , . , . recommendations: buying the pair around . , targeting . . , stop loss .
__label__non_math	0.9650	pamm account investments explained the fxtm pmd invests in a pamm: trader smith has been trading forex successfully for several years. he decides it's time he should start sharing his expert trading strategies and contacts the portfolio management department pmd at forex time fxtm . the pmd reviews the trading history of the trader and if it meets the criteria of the pmd and following agreement with trader smith, the pmd may be entitled to utilise his trading strategy for fxtm pamm portfolio. the pmd places an initial deposit of ,000 in fxtm pamm portfolio. pmd fxtm pamm balance: ,000 initial deposit from pmd . investor alex and investor chen join the pmd's next step is to align pmd investors in pamm with strategies that fit the investor's respective profile. having seen the results of the different portfolios, forex time fxtm investors alex and chen decide to invest. alex invests ,000. the balance of the respective fxtm pamm portfolio is now ,000. after the first month of trading the first month of trading is a successful one and the fxtm pamm achieves a return ,000 . the fxtm pmd is paid the performance fee of on its successful trades i.e. ,400. the profits ,000, investor alex's share of the profits will be ,400 . with an initial investment of 720 of 480 of ,400 of this amount. how the profits are divided after the first month of trading, the profits earned on the fxtm pamm are divided as follows: - investor alex: ,200 - investor chen: - pmd: the pmd and chen make withdrawals before the beginning of the second month of trading, the pmd withdraws the profits they earned during the first month ,000. investor alex chooses to reinvest all of his ,200 of profit from the first month of trading . investor chen withdraws ,500. new portfolio ,500 ,000 khalid joins the respective fxtm pamm portfolio investor khalid hears about the success of pamm and decides to invest ,000 in it. new portfolio after the second month of trading the second month of trading is even more successful than the first month. the fxtm pamm achieves a return ,700 . the fxtm pmd is paid the performance fee of on its successful trades i.e. ,780. ,080 once again, the profits, i.e. ,080, are divided among the investors of the respective fxtm pamm portfolio and the pmd. after the second month of trading, each investor will be entitled to a share of the profits. at the end of the second month of trading, the ,080 in profits will be divided as follows: - investor alex: ,480 - investor chen: ,400 - investor khalid: - pmd: respective fxtm pamm portfolio at the end of the second month of trading note: past profits earned on the fxtm pamm are not a guarantee of future profits.
__label__non_math	0.9997	boris serves the application development delivery role. he is a leading expert in business intelligence bi a set of processes, methodologies, and technologies used to transform raw data into meaningful, useful, and action-oriented enterprise information. boris delivers strategic guidance, helping enterprises define bi strategies, governance, and architectures and identify vendors and technologies that help them put information to use in business processes and end user experiences. boris' current research focuses on the practical and actionable best practices for building bi infrastructure and applications, such as bi business cases, architectural options, organizational structures, and vendor selection. boris continues to explore emerging trends in next-generation bi, such as agile bi architecture and development approaches, in-memory analytics, advanced data visualization, convergence of structured data and unstructured content analytics, process-driven and operational bi, and many others. previous work experience boris has more than years of experience with enterprise software and applications implementation, management consulting, and strategic advisory skills. most recently, boris was a managing partner at textra, a boutique strategic advisory firm serving all it constituents: users, vendors, and investors. boris cofounded textra after spending several years as a vp and a strategic technology advisor at jpmorgan labmorgan, where he led many successful internal bi initiatives, advising the bank's large enterprise software clients on enterprise adoption issues and product and marketing strategies. prior to jpmorgan, boris served as a senior manager of data warehousing and customer relationship management crm practices at pricewaterhousecoopers. boris started his career at citibank, where, among many other successful projects, he implemented the bank's first global credit risk data warehouse.education boris holds a degree in music education from moscow gnessin school of music, russia.
__label__non_math	1.0000	forrester research, inc. is an independent research company that provides pragmatic and forward-thinking advice to global leaders in business and technology. forrester supports leaders in roles across three distinct client segments: business technology, marketing strategy, and technology industry. aligned to your professional role, forrester's analysts are experts in the specific technologies, issues, and trends currently impacting your business. fresh thinking and collaborative problem-solving through an unmatched combination of peer networking, forward-looking analysis, and professional guidance. our expert analysts provide custom research-based frameworks to guide you through each phase of your critical business initiatives from identifying opportunity to optimizing results. connect with peers and analysts, share your views, and ask questions on key business issues. forrester analysts weigh in on the latest business and technology news.
__label__non_math	1.0000	june is national adopt a cat month nationally, of all puppies and kittens entering shelters arrive in the months of march and april. arrive in may alone. arrive in june and july, while only arrive during the remaining months of the year. having your pet spayed or neutered can help prevent this tragedy. whether you prefer a cat that's young and frisky or mature and mellow, you are sure to find the ideal cat companion during adopt-a-cat month. the adoption fee for cats and kittens who have already been spayed or neutered is only adoption fee for unaltered cats kittens is and includes: - initial medical exam - initial felv ftv screening - initial deworming - fvrcp vaccination - rabies vaccination and tag - microchip id and registration - mandatory spay or neuter top reasons to adopt a cat: - companionship and good for you cats make wonderful companions. they greet you when you get home. they follow you from room to room. and they cuddle on your lap when you are feeling lonely. cats will lower your blood pressure and help fight depression. cats stay playful, no matter what their age. it's always a joy to watch a cat play with the simplest of toys even a string will excite them cats can take care of themselves while you are at work, or on a weekend getaway. they never have to be walked, and they bathe themselves. cats are smart and can learn tricks, like "sit" and "high-five," just like a dog. many cats can even be taught to fetch
__label__non_math	1.0000	recycling in the county: good for the environment and good for your bottom line all households and small businesses in unincorporated areas of the county can now sign up for optional curbside recycling collection service by calling 723-. curbside recycling collection service is available in all unincorporated areas of forsyth county. this is an optional subscription service for households and small businesses. recyclables are collected every other week from gallon carts. the beauty of single stream collection service is that all recyclables can be placed in the cart together; no separation necessary this convenient, optional service is available for the low price of just .for three months of service. if you are also renting a -gallon trash cart, your quarterly bill is .for trash collection, plus .. you can easily save money by recycling. subscribing to the curbside collection program is cheaper than driving to one of the drop off centers; a month of service costs less than gallon of gas to subscribe to recycling collection service, please call waste management at 336 723-. upon signing up, a cart will be delivered to your home as quickly as possible. recyclables which will be collected: - all plastics numbered through - aluminum beverage cans - aluminum pie tins and foil - glass food and beverage jars and bottles caps removed - steel, tin and bi-metal food and beverage cans - empty aerosol cans remove and discard cap, do not crush - cardboard juice and milk cartons - cereal and food boxes remove plastic or foil liners - corrugated cardboard - mail, office paper, envelopes, newspapers and inserts, phone books, magazines, catalogs but not books, spiral notebooks or binders - shredded office paper must be bagged in a clear plastic bag. the following items cannot be put in the recycle carts for collection: books, garden hoses, light bulbs, styrofoam, plastic bags or wrap, ceramics, dishes, drinking glasses, mirrors, window glass, paint cans, containers for motor oil, antifreeze, pesticides and other household chemicals. for more information about the new recycling collection service please call the forsyth county office of environmental assistance and protection at 703-.
__label__non_math	1.0000	shop by price polos, t-shirts, caps, jackets more brand your team in style with the latest corporate and casual fashions embroidered or imprinted with your logo or design. whether you re hitting the links in embroidered polos, making sales calls in dress shirts, or just hanging out in comfortable t-shirts, our industry professionals can help you choose the style that s the best fit for your organization. bags, totes, backpacks, cooler bags, brief bags more whether the bag contains a laptop, groceries or just plain lunch on the inside, you want your brand on the outside to be carried around for years to come. at fortepromo, our branding experts will help you choose a bag that your customers, employees or students will want to keep - and use - every day. and don t forget that bags are the top trade show branding tool ceramic mugs, travel mugs, tumblers, water bottles more whether you re motivating employees, thanking clients, or launching a new brand, custom drink ware will keep your logo front and center every day. fortepromo.com is filled to the brim with the latest drink ware trends in all the hottest colors. at fortepromo, your cup is always half full or better flash drives, stress balls, calculators, calendars more from the latest flash drive to the classic calendar, our custom office products get down to the business of branding. looking for trade show giveaways, a direct mail piece, or planning a product launch? our product experts will suggest the perfect solution for your branding challenge. golf, picnic, tools, flashlights more planning a golf outing or a company picnic? starting a safety program or simply searching for client gifts? let fortepromo help you find the item that will capture their attention today and be used for years to come. ball point pens, gel pens, laser pens, pencils highlighters whether you re looking for a value priced plastic pen to give away by the thousands or an elegant executive pen to recognize top achievers, we ll help you find a writing instrument that won t get left behind. bandages, hand sanitizers, pedometers, fitness more from band aids to back scratchers. pedometers to pill boxes. sanitizers to stress balls. fortepromo can trim the fat from your marketing budget, energize your brand, and bring your logo to life. our product experts have everything you need to cure your branding blues. - more products auto, eco, wine, home, kitchen more emergency auto kits to chip clips. cork screws to key tags. jar openers to ice scrapers. for tradeshows, safety programs, client gifts, direct mail, product launches, employee incentives, and so much more. with so many items to choose from, our branding specialists can help you find the best one for you.
__label__non_math	1.0000	kosciusko county drug task force officers arrested two men on drug charges after discovering a meth lab in a mobile home park north of warsaw. task force and warsaw officers began the investigation thursday night at green acres mobile home park after receiving information about a possible methamphetamine lab, according to a written statement issued friday by the task force. it said a one-pot method lab was in production and officers preliminarily charged the homeowner, ricky d. daniels, , who lives off east county road 200 north, with maintaining a common nuisance, the statement said. laine v. yeazel, , of warsaw, was preliminarily charged with dealing and manufacturing methamphetamine. each was taken to the kosciusko county jail and was being held on a ,000 bond. the indiana state police clandestine lab and the leesburg plain township fire department were called to the lot to handle the hazardous materials.
__label__non_math	0.9998	last updated: wed. - edt a new restaurant opened on the city s southwest side monday. noodles company, illinois road, is a chain restaurant with more than two dozen locations across the country. the restaurant s specialty, yes, is noodles, serving them up in a variety of styles: asian, mediterranean and american. you will also find a variety of macaroni and cheeses on the menu a down-home style with cheddar and jack cheeses and a version with truffle oil and saut ed portobello mushrooms as well as asian-style noodles pad thai and japanese pan noodles and mediterranean pastas pasta fresca and penne rosa . the restaurant also offers soups, sandwiches and salads. find out more about noodles company, including its full menu, at potentially the best web address out there, noodles.com. i received an email from a reader last week inquiring about mj s pizza, n. anthony blvd. he asked if the restaurant had closed, as the building appeared deserted. when i drove past mj s, i noticed large trash receptacles outside full of debris, and the building was empty and dark. i called the number listed on mj s still-functioning website and was greeted by a tasty pizza employee. the man told me mj s closed dec. , and tasty pizza, fairfield ave., bought the number and is now taking care of mj s customers. bearcreek farms, n. jay county road 400 e. in bryant is changing its dinner service. when it opens for the season in april, the restaurant, called the homestead, will no longer serve walk-in customers. instead, the restaurant will be reserved for people attending bearcreek events, conventions and live theater performances, general manager carla loy says. it is also changing the way it serves food. in the past, the homestead offered family-style eating, off-menu dining and a grand buffet. starting this year, it will feature a smaller potluck style of dining. it s scaled down for our clientele, which are mainly seniors that want home-cooked meals that they normally wouldn t fix for themselves, loy says. staples will include chicken and noodles, beef stew and chicken pot pie. the allen county society for the prevention of cruelty to animals will have its sixth annual chili cook-off at p.m. sunday at piere s entertainment center, st. joe road. the fundraiser has a cover for all-you-can-eat chili in three categories: bean, no bean and exotic. to register your chili, call 486-, ext. 239. a prize goes to the best overall chili, plus cash prices for the best in each category. a portion of the proceeds will go to the allen county society for the prevention of cruelty to animals. the foellinger-freimann botanical conservatory, s. calhoun st., will conduct a class with the olive twist stores in auburn and fort wayne from to p.m. thursday and to a.m. saturday. the class, olive oil 101 and simple appetizer, has a five-item menu. attendees at both sessions will learn recipes including hibiscus flower with goat cheese, feta cheese with herbs and olive oil and pound cake with orange whip and berries. the class is . to register, call the conservatory at 427- or go to botanicalconservatory.org.
__label__non_math	1.0000	board of directors responsible for financial oversight of forward theater company. chad bartell is thrilled to be making his debut serving on the ftc board of directors. chad s past "roles" include a corporate attorney at a major milwaukee-based law firm; an instrumentalist in various music ensembles performing around madison; and tiny tim in children s theater of madison s a christmas carol. he is also a graduate of the university of wisconsin s law and business schools, wesleyan university, and madison's west high school. when not supporting local fine arts organizations through his attendance at performances, chad is the associate general counsel of the springs window fashions company in middleton, and the father of two rather theatrical little boys. donna beestman is a seasoned career strategist and executive career coach. she is the founder of career success strategies, llc, based in madison, and has more than years of experience helping clients successfully address career issues and challenges. prior to founding her company, donna worked for regional and international career management firms as a career and executive coach, general manager, business developer, and international liaison. on the east coast, she was a senior vice president and managing director for a consulting firm with more than offices. earlier in her career, she worked as a performance improvement business consultant, non-profit executive director, and educator. donna grew up in madison and earned degrees from macalester college and the university of wisconsin, madison. during her many years living and working in missouri and delaware, she served on non-profit boards dealing with business education initiatives, public radio, church governance, and regional public policy. she was also active in junior achievement, the forum of executive women, and the delaware repertory theater. since returning to madison, her community involvement has included the wisconsin alumni association board of directors ; downtown madison rotary board of directors ; oakwood foundation; and tempo madison, the network of 250 women leaders board member and president . jane elder is the executive director of the academy of sciences, arts, and letters. she has been actively engaged in communicating about environmental issues and advocating for protection of the natural world and human well-being over the last years. she was the founding director of biodiversity project a non-profit communications organization dedicated to raising public awareness about the diversity of life on earth, and the urgent need to take action to protect it. in she received a bay foundation biodiversity leadership award given to individuals with proven capacity to help stem the loss of biological diversity. previously, jane worked for the sierra club, heading up its midwest office for many years, where she founded the sierra club s great lakes program, and later served as the national director of ecoregion programs. she holds degrees from michigan state university ba, communications and the university of wisconsin, ms, land resources . her background includes extensive experience in non-profit management, program development, and social change strategies. she currently consults on strategic communications for social change, with an emphasis on complex environmental challenges such as biodiversity loss, global warming, ecosystem restoration, and the role of participatory democracy in achieving effective solutions. the arts have always been an important part of jane s life. she was an active member of the friends of apt and the theater s advisory group for many years. jane is also involved with modern dance, enjoys music and the visual arts, and dabbles in watercolor painting and quilting. she enjoys writing, from song lyrics to policy analysis, and recently completed a manuscript for a book about the challenge of protecting the great lakes ecosystems. ellen foley is vice president of corporate communications at wps. she has combined work as a communications professional, journalist, and college administrator with community service for more than two decades. she worked in philadelphia, kansas city, minneapolis, detroit, milwaukee, and michigan s upper peninsula before joining the wisconsin state journal as editor-in-chief in . ellen is an active member of tempo madison, holds a seat on the board of the aldo leopold nature center, and works as a volunteer with the university of wisconsin, madison s center for journalism ethics at the school of journalism and mass communications. ellen is also committed to raising awareness and funds for cancer efforts, including plans for hope lodge, a short-term residential facility for patients undergoing chemotherapy in madison, and the leukemia and lymphoma society. she continues her journalism efforts with a column, foley at large, published on channel3000.com, and also consults with small companies and non-profits on communication strategy. ellen and her husband have two grown daughters: kait, who does collage art in her free time, and maura, who performs improvisational comedy in chicago as a hobby. they are teaching ellen that it s as much fun to be in the audience as it is to be on stage. charles n. ford is currently uw emeritus professor of surgery in the division of otolaryngology, where he served as chair of the department from . his interest in theater dates back to his teenage and early college years, and his academic career has been influenced by a longstanding fascination with the human voice. at the university of wisconsin he has assembled a world-class team of voice clinicians and scientists. his clinical practice encompasses medical and surgical care of actors, singers, and other voice professionals. chuck s research focus is laryngology and voice disorders. currently he is collaborating with researchers in the application of surgical intervention and tissue engineering approaches to restoring damaged vocal folds. his curriculum vita reflects numerous awards, eponymous lectures, leadership positions in national medical associations, and membership on five leading editorial boards. dedicated to supporting the arts locally, he recently served on the madison symphony board and currently he is an active member of the madison opera board of directors. marta gialamas has lived in the greater madison area her entire life. she has always had a passion for the arts and is delighted at the opportunity to work with forward theater company. marta graduated from the university of wisconsin, madison, with a degree in political science and has since worked at gingras, cates and luebke, s.c. as the office manager. currently she lives in middleton with her husband aris, and two children, george age and candy age . her husband is the vice president of the gialamas company, a family owned commercial real estate development company. marta is also working with the american cancer society to bring a hope lodge to madison. gail kohl joined the board of forward theater company with great joy. she has worked in fundraising for more than years with both local and state-wide organizations, such as american players theatre; the taliesin preservation commission; frank lloyd wright heritage tourism program; united cerebral palsy; the wisconsin academy of sciences, arts, and letters; the seth peterson cottage conservancy; big top chautauqua; and the wisconsin center for investigative journalism. she has been responsible for major gifts, project and operations funding, membership development and enhancement, strategic partnerships and alliances, event planning and coordination, special projects, and proposal and grant writing. shana lewis is an attorney with davis kuelthau, s.c. she represents public and private sector employers in the areas of labor employment law and school municipal law. shana is a graduate of the university of wisconsin law school and, before that, she earned a b.a. in political science and a certificate in women studies from the university of wisconsin, madison. shana has been involved in theater since the age of , when she played the youngest child in the royal family in a community theater production of the king and i. despite childhood dreams of a career on broadway, shana now participates in theater primarily as an audience member at productions across the country. she is thrilled to join the forward theater company board of directors and to support professional theater, locally. shana and her husband, rob magasano, and their pets, live just outside of madison on lake waubesa. erika monroe-kane is the director of communications for mmoca, the madison museum of contemporary art. previously erika founded firecracker consulting, formulating communications strategies for a variety of clients, worked for united way of dane county, the national center for media engagement, and the wisconsin department of children and families. erika is a city girl who moved to madison ten years ago from chicago, and proudly reps her hometown of st. louis, missouri. as lovers of the arts, erika and her family enjoy the richness of madison s arts community. kathie nichols has been the business manager for first united methodist church since . she holds a ba in history, with a minor in literature from binghamton university, and an mba in economics and public policy from the george washington university. she has been an active supporter of civic and cultural organizations in madison. in addition to her work with forward, she serves on the board of directors for the madison foundation for public schools and is a trustee for the madison museum of contemporary art. kathie moved to madison in with her husband, bill white. their two sons, nick and andy white, were born and raised here. her son, andy, is a musical theater actor, currently living in new york city. carol orange schroeder and her husband dean have been co-owners of orange tree imports since . in addition to running the store, orange does translating from danish to english and freelance writing in the fields of medical terminology, danish cuisine, and retailing. orange founded the monroe street merchants association and the monroe street library league, and continues to serve as chair of both organizations. orange has served two terms on the madison citiarts commission, has been involved with american players theatre for many years, and is now a board member of the bach dancing and dynamite society. she has also served on the boards of the madison youth choirs, madison children s museum, friends of wha-tv, and susan g komen for the cure, as well as volunteering for united way of dane county as a member of its board and marketing committee. as a footnote, orange s son erik grew up in a theater-loving household in madison obviously joe shumow is an attorney with the wisconsin housing and economic development authority. he sifted and winnowed his way to a bba in real estate and urban land economics from the great university of wisconsin, madison. he then received his law degree from washington university in st. louis. joe serves a number of other non-profits in madison, including the rodney scheel house foundation as past president , tenney-lapham neighborhood council as parks chair , and the jewish federation of madison. when he's not seeing forward theater shows, you might find joe cheering on his beloved brewers or badgers. brent wagner is a certified public accountant with baker tilly virchow krause, where he works with various retail companies. he is a member of the aicpa and wicpa. brent graduated from the university of wisconsin, la crosse, with a degree in accountancy. he has lived in southern wisconsin his entire life, and currently resides in pardeeville with his wife sara and their three children. brent and sara have a great appreciation of music, art, and theater.
__label__non_math	1.0000	fosi is pleased to participate in activities and provide guidance for the following organizations: facebook safety advisory board the facebook safety advisory board comprises five leading internet safety organizations from north america and europe that serve in a consultative capacity to the company on issues related to online safety. more information is available here. internet governance forum the internet governance forum igf is a multi-stakeholder forum which promotes policy discussion around issues of internet governance. it was established in july by order of the united nations secretary-general and held its first meeting in the fall of in athens, greece. subsequently it has been convened in rio de janeiro, brazil, hyderabad, india, sharm el sheikh, egypt and in in vilnius, lithuania. more information is available at: uk council for child internet safety the uk council for child internet safety ukccis unites over 100 organisations from the public and private sector working with the government to deliver recommendations from dr tanya byron s report safer children in a digital world. the uk government and the devolved administrations in northern ireland, wales and scotland have accepted all dr byron s recommendations, one of which was to set up a forum where stakeholders from across the internet safety spectrum would work together for the good of children and families. this has led to the establishment of the uk council for child internet safety. reporting directly to the prime minister, the council will help to improve the regulation and education on internet use, tackling problems of online bullying, safer search features and violent video games. more information is available at: internet caucus advisory committee the internet caucus advisory committee is a collection of public interest, non profit and industry groups working to educate the congress and the public about important internet-related policy issues. the advisory committee shares the goals of the congressional internet caucus, which is a bi-partisan group of over 170 members of the house and senate working to educate their colleagues about the promise and potential of the internet. more information is available at: norton family online safety council symantec formed the norton family online safety council, with a panel of international experts, to provide guidance and support to the beta stages of norton s products and its broader online safety strategy. more information at
__label__non_math	0.9986	15th may european parliament building in light of the issues presented by the european union's ceo coalition 'to make the internet a better place for kids,' as well as to discuss the importance of crafting a global response, to ensure children have safe and private online experiences, fosi held a highly interactive forum to explore these issues with the eu commission, parliament, key industry players and civil society. this event allowed an informal, off the record discussion to take place between the eu institutions, industry and the non-profit sector. it proved to be an opportunity for industry to demonstrate the steps that they are taking to ensure that children remain safe and private online, whilst the commission and parliament were able to outline their concerns, and aims, of some of their work. the forum also permitted for vital input from civil society. this constructive dialogue encompassed a wide range of issues including the current eu initiatives, global nature of the problems and current international responses. it also focused on industry self-regulation and the important role that effective legislation can play in this field. for a more in-depth exploration of these issues and the outcome of the forum, we encourage you to review the post-event fosi brief written by emma morris, international policy counsel, which can be found here.
__label__non_math	0.9622	montana-dakota utilities co., a division of mdu resources group, inc. fe docket no. --ng i. description of request on , montana-dakota utilities co., a division of mdu resources group, inc. montana-dakota , filed an application with the office of fossil energy of the department of energy doe , under section of the natural gas act nga , and doe delegation order nos. and , requesting blanket authorization to import up to a maximum of million mcf billion cubic feet of natural gas from canada for two years beginning on , through . montana-dakota, a public utility, is duly authorized to do business in the states of montana, north dakota, south dakota, and wyoming. it is a division of mdu resources group, inc. which is organized in the state of delaware with its principal place of business in bismark, north dakota. the requested authorization does not involve the construction of new pipeline facilities. the application filed by montana-dakota has been evaluated to determine if the proposed import arrangement meets the public interest requirement of section of the nga, as amended by section 201 of the energy policy act of pub. l. 102-486 . under section c , the importation of natural gas from a nation with which there is in effect a free trade agreement requiring national treatment for trade in natural gas is deemed to be consistent with the public interest and must be granted without modification or delay. the authorization sought by montana-dakota to import natural gas from canada, a nation with which a free trade agreement is in effect, meets the section c criterion and, therefore, is consistent with the public interest. this blanket order authorizes transactions under contracts with terms of no longer than two years. pursuant to section of the natural gas act, it is ordered that: a. montana-dakota utilities co., a division of mdu resources group, inc. montana-dakota is authorized to import from canada up to a maximum of bcf of natural gas over a two-year term beginning on and ending on . the gas may be imported at any u.s. canada border point. b. with respect to the natural gas imports authorized by this order, montana-dakota shall file with the office of natural gas petroleum import and export activities, within days following each calendar quarter, quarterly reports indicating whether imports of natural gas have been made. quarterly reports must be filed whether or not initial deliveries have begun. if no imports have been made, a report of "no activity" for that calendar quarter must be filed. if imports have occurred, montana-dakota must report total monthly volumes in mcf and the average purchase price per mmbtu at the international border. the reports shall also provide the details of each import transaction, including: the name of the seller s ; the estimated or actual duration of the agreement s ; the name of the u.s. transporter s ; the point s of entry; the geographic market s served by state ; whether sales are being made on an interruptible or firm basis; and, if applicable, the per unit mmbtu demand commodity reservation charge breakdown of the contract price. c. the first quarterly report required by ordering paragraph b of this order is due not later than , and should cover the period from , until the end of the fourth calendar quarter, . d. the quarterly reports required by ordering paragraph b of this order shall be filed with the office of natural gas petroleum import and export activities, fossil energy, room 3e-042, fe-, forrestal building, independence avenue, s.w., washington, d.c., . issued in washington, d.c., on . john w. glynn manager, natural gas regulation office of natural gas petroleum import and export activities office of fossil energy . u.s.c. 717b.
__label__non_math	0.9968	a cogent case for getting involved with obamacare some may have thought it noble a statement of great resolve to prohibit by law new hampshire from joining the obamacare health exchange network. but now that the election is over and the guts of the affordable care act are cemented into federal law, the time is over to oppose setting up an exchange here in new hampshire. while new hampshire s earlier refusal has pushed the state past the deadline to set up its own exchange, there is still time to approve becoming part of the process as the federal government readies to move ahead with or without the granite state s help. a cogent case for moving in this direction was made recently by charles arlinghaus of the the josiah bartlett center for public policy, a conservative think tank. arlinghaus makes the case that simply agreeing to a compact with neighboring states and partnering with the federal government does not predetermine financial liability, one of the prime objections of critics to obamacare. the biggest question mark for any proposal is fiscal but joining the compact itself entails no financial obligation at all. further participation by choosing to administer some program involves limited financial risk and the potential for significant savings, writes arlinghaus. one of the most significant errors opponents make is in regard to liability and whether or not a state would have to assume any and all health care operations. the question is if we assent to a compact, would we then have to assume all health operations, and we would not then be liable for unfunded medicare liabilities? he goes on to explain that a compact does not require new hampshire to administer all currently federal programs. we can choose ones that make the most sense for us. for example, we might decide that since we currently administer medicaid, we could craft our state specific rules in exchange for a block granted federal funding. this is essentially a version of how rhode island and florida operate under a medicaid waiver. rather than the one set of rules and regulations designed to fit fifty states, they forego the regulation in exchange for a block grant. while new hampshire has drawn a bye to setting up its own exchange, state leaders have until feb. to notify washington that, as reported by the associated press, the state wants a partnership and submit a blueprint outlining how the partnership would work. state insurance commissioner roger sevigny told the ap his agency can prepare the necessary blueprint required for a partnership before feb. if gov.-elect maggie hassan and legislative leaders give the ok. this would also allow the state to transition to a state-based exchange in , he said. foster s daily democrat would urge those who have not read arlinghaus entreaty to do so at we urge state officials to have a thoughtful and timely discussion that clears the way for new hampshire to notify washington that its wants to maintain some say in how obamacare affects the state and its residents in coming years.
__label__non_math	0.9951	stories left before being redirected to clickshare to login or register. i-lane reopened in nh after truck crash saturday, portsmouth, n.h. ap a portion of the southbound lane of interstate in portsmouth, n.h., is reopened following a truck crash that caused at least gallons of diesel fuel to spill. state police say a tanker truck traveling southbound near exit went out of control a little after a.m. saturday, slid off the right side of the roadway, broke through a section of guardrail and overturned. as a result, one of the gas tanks was punctured and -gallons of diesel fuel was spilled. the driver, -year-old johnson corrielus of milton, mass., was not injured. the right breakdown lane and travel lane were closed while the diesel fuel spill was cleaned up.
__label__non_math	1.0000	indian head resort is a new england resort centrally located in the heart of the white mountains. we are the perfect headquarters for your new hampshire vacation; close to area attractions we offer discounted tickets to many , scenic drives, outdoor recreation of all kinds, and tax-free shopping featuring restaurant, lounge, entertainment, in-season kid's programs, indoor and outdoor open all year
__label__non_math	1.0000	located on the shores of lake winnipesaukee the wolfeboro inn is the premier full service resort in wolfeboro, the oldest summer resort in america . we have just completed our multimillion dollar renovation - from new kitchen floors walls and equipment, to updating, yet maintaining the authenticity of the historic wolfe s tavern. the hard earned mugs are back hanging from the ceiling and new patrons are continuing the tradition of earning them the wolfeboro inn is a short walk to downtown shops and a variety of outdoor activities. wolfe s tavern is our onsite restaurant open for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and our famous grand sunday brunch come and see what we have done give us a call and you will know why we are the ideal location for your new england escape
__label__non_math	0.9853	photo from the nude channelparticipation in the forumsell photoscreate more photo folders?upload more photos?gallery-votingshow usernameupload more photos?access to all language versions?if you are already a paying member you can use all the features of the fotocommunity from per month. "pigsqueak" sounds right to me i never knew the name of this pretty plant .... see so many of them around here. an excellent capture in fine light showing all the fine nuances of pink and the details
__label__non_math	0.9997	equanimity is the impartiality that senses all beings as essentially the same in their layers of suffering and their inmost capacity of freedom. to empower people with profound, accessible spiritual practices that support their individual and collective work to become better people and to make a better world. ...more alleviate burnout and compassion fatigue the meditations offered here help us access a level of awareness beyond stress and burnout... become more fully present we are most effective when most fully present to those we serve... enhance our ability to effect change sometimes we need to challenge dysfunctional patterns of thought and behavior in those whom we serve... the contemplative training in these workshops and retreats is designed for all who serve others either professionally or in home or community teachers, counselors, social workers, pastors, therapists. the meditations guided in these workshops help the mind relax into its most natural state of simplicity and openness beyond the turmoil of ego-reaction and stress. this natural state is a place of profound rest.
__label__non_math	1.0000	your first choice in "the last frontier" owned and operated by local fairbanksans, fountainhead hotels offers an authentic alaskan experience unlike any other. in addition to crisp northern air, pristine surroundings, and exhilarating recreation, each member of the fountainhead hotel family - wedgewood resort, bear lodge at wedgewood resort, sophie station suites, and the bridgewater hotel delivers warm hospitality and gracious service from a friendly staff who can t wait to show you just the alaska you came to find. choose the perfect fountainhead hotel according to your needs. looking to explore fairbanks, ak? reserve a room at the bridgewater hotel, which is just steps from wonderful restaurants, uniquely alaskan gift shops, and museums. sophie station suites was made for getting down to business with roomy suites, a vibrant restaurant and lounge, and a convenient location near the airport. for a little silence and seclusion without giving up the great service of our downtown hotels, escape to wedgewood resort, a splendid lodge-style hideaway tucked between a -acre wildlife sanctuary and a ,000-acre migratory waterfowl refuge. in addition to wedgewood s expansive one- and two-bedroom residential-style suites, bear lodge at wedgewood resort features well-appointed guestrooms and its very own staff. no matter which destination you choose, we invite you to enjoy our diverse activities. hop aboard our complimentary fountainhead hotels "around town express" into downtown fairbanks, explore our -acre wildlife sanctuary and make a pit stop at the fountainhead antique auto museum - rated the number one attraction in fairbanks. be sure to visit our events page to find out what s going on around town during your visit. from the world ice art championships and international sled dog symposium to concerts, cultural events and holiday festivals, there s something for everyone. if you re a planning a business gathering or social event of your own, fountainhead hotels offers modern facilities along with exceptional food and a professional catering staff. as the premier hotel group in fairbanks, ak, fountainhead hotels blends unmatched service
__label__non_math	0.9878	over the past three years, we have tested a variety of different tires with our metalcloak when it comes to building late-model wrangler vehicles for everyday street driving and regular trail use, nothing beats the proven combination of larger meats with minimal lift. few will argue that high ground clearance and a low center of gravity are considered to be the holy grail in the rough. however, to achieve this arrangement, something has to give. simply bolting on a - to -inch suspension lift may allow room for a -inch tire, but what if you wanted to go bigger? typically, one would need to add a few more inches of lift to accommodate, say, a . common knowledge confirms that the factory sheetmetal limits how much flex you will get with a specific tire and lift kit, and by "factory sheetmetal" we are talking, specifically, about the front fenders. lots of companies build tube fenders that claim to increase tire clearance on jeep vehicles. however, it wasn't until we discovered metalcloak, formerly rev111, that we had the opportunity to evaluate a set with different-sized tires on our beloved project jeep, the teal brute. throughout our three-year evaluation, we received many inquiries from readers wanting to know where to get the trick-looking fenders we installed. to kick off this project, we wanted to do a little flex testing with a typical jeep tj. ou unfortunately, the company that built them, rev111, fell victim to the economic downturn in , and the product was basically unavailable for a little over one year. however, in early 'a new group of engineers bought rev111's design and refined it further, expanding both model offerings and styling options to better suit the needs of the consumer. in addition, metalcloak developed a product line for the wrangler yj as well. for this story, however, we are going to focus on the newest product in the metalcloak portfolio: the overline flat fender conversion for jeep tjs. check it out. individualized bumpers for all when the people at metalcloak designed their new jeep bumper line, they wanted to give consumers plenty of options in terms of configuration, fit, and finish. there are 300 possible combinations available currently for jeep vehicles. we were impressed with the quality of the frame-built and bolt-together design, simplicity of installation, and uniqueness of these units. completely interchangeable, and infinitely configurable, these bumpers are making it possible for enthusiasts to express an individualized look without the worry of seeing a duplicate on the trail. the coolest part about the whole metalcloak bumper program is that it is ever-evolving as the imaginative designers at metalcloak come up with new ideas every day. these ideas are then transformed into accessories and are available in aluminum, hot-rolled steel, and stainless steel. we love that metalcloak names each bumper configuration after the very first customer to purchase said combination, so if you've ever wanted an aftermarket part to bear your name, now you know where to go. look for a story on our own unique build in coming months. . two areas of our donor jeep's wheelwell made contact with the tire when fully flexed. vertically speaking, the tire rubbed the underside of the factory fender flare where it mounted to the fender. the second point of contact was found near the full right steering lock point; the contact was at the rear of the inner fenderwell, just below the battery tray. this is a common contact point for tjs. we measured the total vertical change required to reach these contact points was right around inches off the ground.
__label__non_math	0.9999	train hits -wheeler in pulaski county little rock, ar a train hit an -wheeler monday afternoon near the kelly crossing in northern pulaski county. the pulaski county sheriff s department says there were no injuries in the accident and the train was not derailed. the accident happened after .
__label__non_math	1.0000	flowery branch, ga sports network - atlanta falcons wide receiver julio jones' status for this weekend's game against the arizona cardinals remains uncertain after the second-year standout missed a third consecutive day of practice on friday. jones is dealing with a sore ankle that limited his play count during last week's -loss at new orleans, though the first-round pick still managed to record four catches for yards. the falcons have listed him questionable on their final injury report. the -year-old is in the midst of an outstanding sophomore campaign for -atlanta, having amassed 703 receiving yards and five touchdowns on grabs. linebacker sean weatherspoon, who's sat out the falcons' last two contests with an ankle sprain, was also termed questionable for sunday's tilt after missing a third straight practice. leading rusher michael turner groin , defensive end john abraham back and defensive tackle vance walker ribs are questionable as well, though all three were limited participants in friday's session.
__label__non_math	1.0000	bpt - when you're looking for a job, the holidays may seem like a time to take a break. but if you do, you may miss the employment opportunity you've been waiting for. why is the off season of job searching actually a hidden opportunity to become employed? job searching from thanksgiving to the middle of january provides many unique opportunities, says donna dessart, director of career services at the art institute of california - san francisco, a campus of argosy university. reduced competition from those individuals who stop their job search at this time, and the need for some employers to spend their end of the year budgets or gear up for the new year favor the active job searcher. what's more is this festive season is an ideal time to be social, get organized and keep motivated. now is the time to move into action, encourages tanya essien who oversees the career services team at the art institute of california - orange county, a campus of argosy university and advises dozens of graduating students and recent alumni. this is a great time of year to remind yourself of your value and goals. here are some useful tips from the two directors on how to keep the job search momentum going: get into the holiday spirit stay organized and prepare to learn more about the art institutes, visit
__label__non_math	1.0000	hot talk with mark kaye: january jacksonville, fla. -- justin bieber is facing criticism for a picture showing a little too much skin. plus, subway restaurants are under fire for footlongs measuring up a little short. mark kaye from wape filled us in on the biggest talkers of the morning. watch the video for more.
__label__non_math	1.0000	hollywood hookup fox44 the spice girls got together in london on tuesday for one epic reunion. they also got together to announce a new stage musical based on their songs, fame, and friendship. funnyman zach galifianakis is getting married to his longtime girlfriend on august 11th. this will officially end his time as a one man wolf pack. cher is co-writing a stage musical about her life. the show will also feature her music. john travolta and wife kelly preston walked the red carpet, but took a pass on talking to the media at monday s l.a. premiere of his new movie "savages". travolta is facing another lawsuit in his sexual assault scandal. rapper cent was hospitalized and released, after being injured in a new york car accident tuesday morning. he suffered minor neck and back injuries. tune in every night at p.m. on fox44 news baton rouge for more hollywood hookup.
__label__non_math	1.0000	saturday, the leukemia lymphoma society's light the night walk location: halifax mall lls holds walks each fall in approximately 200 communities across the united states and canada.return to event list. participants at the walks carry illuminated balloons to honor and commemorate lives touched by blood cancer. the north carolina chapter of the leukemia lymphoma society named davidstrong, president of rex healthcare, corporate chair of its triangle light the night walk,the lls annual fundraising event held each fall to raise money for cancer research and patient services. unc health care and rex healthcare will serve as presenting sponsor for the walks in the triangle. tonight full schedule what's hot
__label__non_math	0.9665	luxembourg euro zone finance ministers met in luxembourg on monday to discuss spain, greece, portugal and other issues related to the region's debt crisis, including what needs to be done to establish a single supervisory authority for euro zone banks. following are comments from eurogroup chairman jean-claude juncker, european commissioner for economic affairs olli rehn and imf managing director christine lagarde at the final press conference after the ministers' meeting: eurogroup president jean-claude juncker: "we were happy to learn that substantial progress has been made over the last weeks. we called on the troika and greece to finalize their negotiations and agree on ways to close the fiscal gap for and as soon as possible." "we are also stressed that before the next disbursement, greece must clearly demonstrate its strong commitment to the program and the prior actions agreed in march should be implemented by the 18th of october at the latest." "we were reassured by the strong resolve of the greek government to push ahead with reforms and consolidation, building on the large adjustments already achieved and on the improved competitiveness obtained. we will of course continue to monitor the situation closely and are ready to reconvene once the review process by the troika has been completed. i have to add that personally i am impressed by the performance of the greek government, by the willingness of the coalition parties in greece to undertake whatever will have to be undertaken to respond to our wishes and to take into account the need nation." imf managing director christine lagarde: "on greece, clearly there is progress on the ground. more needs to be done on all fronts - fiscal, structural reforms, financing, debt - clearly we will be working on that that. the mission that is working as part of the troika is not going to tokyo. they will be stationed in athens to do the work that needs to be done. "on spain, we are sending our team, just after our annual meeting in tokyo at the end of next week, for the first monitoring exercise of the financial sector reform which is as we see it from a far is progressing well. " "on portugal, i shall be recommending to the board the approval of the review of the portuguese program so that the dispersement of the imf tranche can take place" "on cyprus, a team will be in cyprus in the second half of october." esm managing director klaus regling "on spain, we are ready to provide the financing to the frob for the bank recapitalization of spanish banks, probably starting in november and we are preparing the transfer of efsf ... to the esm." comments by euro zone finance ministers ahead of the meeting: dutch finance minister jan kees de jager "greece must find a way out of its crisis through reforms and fiscal consolidation. that cannot be done by other countries. they must do that. we are waiting for the troika report, we can't get ahead of ourselves, but it is really up to greece to resolve this on its own. that is all important and the ball is in their court. there are risks attached to the loans to greece ." eurogroup president jean-claude juncker: "the start of the esm marks a historic milestone in shaping the future of the european monetary union. the euro area now is equipped with a permanent and effective firewall, which of course is a crucial component in our strategy to ensure financial stability in the euro zone." "to a large extent i'm satisfied with the fiscal consolidation measures taken so far by the spanish government. it is not up to me nor to us as members of the eurogroup to advise the spanish government to make a request." esm managing director klaus regling: "the instruments of the esm are the same as the instruments of the efsf, namely country program loans under full adjustment, precautionary arrangements, interventions on primary and secondary market and bank recapitalization via the treasury of a country. those are the instruments of the efsf and those are also the instruments of the esm. for the esm, our body is in the process of looking at the option of inserting this tool of leveraging first loss guarantee also in the esm framework but this has not yet happened so far. my expectation is it will but it has not happened so far." irish finance minister michael noonan on direct recapitalization of banks by the eurozone's permanent rescue mechanism, the esm: "the policy position as set out by the heads of state and government on the 29th of june is the policy that prevails. we have had assurances of that from the european commission and from the european authorities." eurogroup chairman jean-claude juncker on idea of single euro zone budget: "i myself am not opposed in principle to a euro zone budget. luxembourg finance minister luc frieden "spain doesn't need any help at this moment. they didn't ask for any help. i think we should deal with such a request when it comes but so far the spanish government is undertaking reforms which go in the right direction. asked whether greece needs more time or money "greece is doing a lot of efforts. it's very difficult down there. and i think if we need to give them additional time, if that does not require a lot of additional money, we should support greece. this is not a one-way street. it requires that greece is undertaking and continues to undertake the reforms which the government is committed to. on whether funds from the euro zone's permanent rescue fund, the esm, should be used for banks' legacy problems: "we shouldn't talk up a new problem every day. this is a subject that needs to be sorted. we should not rule out to do everything possible if we want stability, to check if we can make use of the instruments that we have when something has gone wrong in the banking sector. at least now we have instruments." austrian finance minister maria fekter "we like our currency, the euro, and we will not only protect it through the central bank but we will also protect the euro zone, the states when they get into difficulty, through these instruments esm . "we have come a long way towards stability but we are not out yet over our problems. we must stabilize the banks in spain, see that greece fulfills its conditions. there will likely be an application from cyprus. slovenia has difficulties. we must see that in europe the debts don't get over our heads. "we have the banking application from spain. it has a potential capacity of 100 billion euros. we are likely to hear today that this 100 billion euros is not all needed, that spain needs significantly less." german finance minister wolfgang schaeuble "spain needs no aid program. spain is doing everything necessary, in fiscal policy, in structural reforms. spain has a problem with its banks as a consequence of the real estate bubble of the past years. "that's why spain is getting help with banking recapitalization. and of course spain, like other countries, is suffering from the problem of contagion, speculation on financial markets... but spain needs no aid program. that's what the spanish government says again and again." "the chancellor is not the troika. the chancellor is travelling to greece just like she travels to many other european countries and just like the greek prime minister came to berlin. "we have intensive bilateral cooperation to help greece in building a competitive economy. "germany is doing whatever we can do to help greece on its difficult path. but the troika has a job of its own. it has to report whether greece is fulfilling the obligations from the second aid program and if the troika can report that then the conditions for the disbursement of the next tranche are given. but that's not on the agenda of the visit in athens." on direct banking recapitalization from the esm "the agreements will be stuck to. that's what we do with greece, with portugal and of course as with the agreement of the heads of state and government of end-june that says that once a european bank supervision has been implemented that then as part of the further conditions direct bank recapitalization is an option but further conditions means an application by the member state in question, an adjustment program that is agreed with the member state and we will talk about implementing a european banking supervision tomorrow. that's harder done than agreed." reporting by annika breidthardt, john o'donnell, eva kuehnen, robin emmott and jan strupczewski in luxembourg; editing by luke baker
__label__non_math	0.9996	new york gravity has taken hold of apple, and a lot of investors have been smacked on the head. apple inc, the largest u.s. stock by market value, was headed toward its eighth straight week of declines on friday, as the rush to secure profits before a potential hike in capital gains taxes next year has investors dumping the market favorite. since hitting a record high of .a share in september, apple has lost about a quarter of its value. the stock's descent has vastly outpaced those of the s p 500, which is down just under percent in the same time frame. "no individual investment can defy gravity," said erik davidson, deputy chief investment officer for wells fargo private bank, in san francisco. the declines have shaved about 493 billion, about billion more than the second-most valuable u.s. company, exxon mobil. apple on friday afternoon was little changed, up .percent at .. taxes on capital gains and dividends are likely to rise next year as part of an expected deficit-cutting deal to avoid the so-called fiscal cliff of scheduled tax hikes and spending cuts. with a stock like apple, where investors may have large embedded capital gains as a result of its stellar run, selling now locks in gains and offsets the possibility of higher taxes next year. the uncertainty over the outcome of talks in washington over the fiscal cliff has sapped the natural inclination to buy declining shares. "some of the selling is being driven by these tax decisions, but the flip side is there is not a lot of buyers because the buyers are procrastinating to see how the negotiations come out," said bucky hellwig, senior vice president at bb t wealth management in birmingham, alabama. "you probably have an inordinate effect to the downside because of these tax strategies." the current percent tax rate on dividends and capital gains is scheduled at expire at year end, and the two items are to revert back to being taxed as ordinary income, which means the highest earners would face rates of percent. the recent plunge is a reversal of fortune for high-flying apple, those though the shares remain up about percent for the year so far. apple shares have rise every year since with the exception of , when the market was struck by the global financial crisis. "if you've got all these gains - which a lot of apple investors have because it's done very, very well - then you're going to see selling in the likes of apple and other companies that have had good runs," davidson said. apple's stock has been below both its -day and -day moving average for over a month, suggesting both the short- and mid-term momentum is negative. despite the declines, thomson reuters starmine estimates the stock's intrinsic value is about .a share. that figure is derived from analyst estimates for growth over the next five years and starmine's expected growth rates for several years after that. given that the stock is likely worth more than where it is trading, tax concerns are probably playing into the recent weakness, said phil orlando, chief equity market strategist at federated investors, in new york. "i think the stock is worth ," said orlando. "if you are sitting here looking at apple trading at , you say, 'well the stock ought to be percent higher over the course of the next year or two,' so the stock looks pretty attractive." reporting by leah schnurr and chuck mikolajczak; editing by leslie adler
__label__non_math	1.0000	nearly half of about million americans with high blood pressure are not effectively treating their condition and face a high risk of a heart attack or stroke, a u.s. health official said on tuesday. about million people have uncontrolled high blood pressure, a condition caused when too much force is exerted by blood as it is pumped through the body and moves against vessel walls, according to a report from the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention released tuesday. "the bottom line is ... most of those in this country who have high blood pressure don't have their numbers under control, and because of that we have a very high burden of disease," said thomas frieden, director of the cdc. high blood pressure, a risk factor for heart disease and stroke, contributes to nearly ,000 deaths a day and billion in annual direct healthcare costs, frieden said. the condition is the second most serious public health issue. cigarette smoking is the leading cause of preventable death in the country, according to the cdc. frieden said patients with high blood pressure are either not receiving a correct combination or dosage of medication or are not keeping up with their medication. some doctors are not warning patients who have had multiple readings of high-blood pressure, a problem frieden said could be solved by better systems to track patients. of the million americans with uncontrolled hypertension, about million were not aware of their condition and about million either chose not to take medication or were on inadequate treatment, according to the report, which surveyed adults between and . "i think there's clearly a lot of room for improvement," frieden said, noting that controlling blood pressure often means taking multiple medications daily for the rest of one's life. high blood pressure can be prevented through diet, exercise and taking drugs such as beta blockers and ace inhibitors -- which widen arteries. lowering blood pressure can cut the risk of stroke, heart attack, heart failure and other conditions. risk factors include obesity, a sedentary lifestyle, smoking, and chronic difficulties such as diabetes, kidney disease and high cholesterol.
__label__non_math	0.9998	mcc aiming to have twenty20 cricket included at olympics following meeting in auckland - the daily telegraph mcc's world cricket committee says it would like to see twenty20 cricket included at the olympic games. cricket is on the first rung of the ladder for inclusion at a future games, having received full olympic recognition in , but would still have to apply to be on the program. now the earliest the international cricket council can apply for the sport to feature at an olympic games is . after a two-day meeting in auckland, the mcc marylebone cricket club world cricket committee said any financial losses the game might suffer from the sport being included at an olympics would be outweighed by extra exposure. "the committee accepts that, were cricket to be played in the olympics, there would be a short-term loss in income for the icc, and therefore for dispersion to its members, but is impressed with the potential boost for the game worldwide if cricket were to be included," it said in a statement. "furthermore, the committee advocates twenty20 cricket as the format to be played at the olympics, thereby providing the 'pinnacle' of that form of the sport." mcc marylebone cricket club , which still has worldwide responsibility for the sport's rules, no longer has a day-to-day role in the global administration of the game. but its world cricket committee, chaired by former england captain mike brearley and including greats like steve waugh and rodney marsh is regarded as an influential group within the sport. the auckland meeting saw new zealand batting great martin crowe, who has cancer, stand down from the committee, having served since its inception in . committee members wished him well, with brearley thanking crowe for his "passionate opinions, his enthusiasm and clear love of the game". follow the action. like fox sports. sat may :est 2013motorsport - ferrari joins bitter tyre fight sat may :est 2013league - wests tigers ceo humphreys quits sat may :est 2013afl - neeld forecasts more demons pain sat may :est 2013football - mourinho laments 'worst' season sat may :est 2013league - sale of storm a done deal sat may :est 2013cricket - dangers of living it up in ipl sat may :est 2013rugby - izzy not bitter over white comments sat may :est 2013more sports - nash's ,000-to-shot sat may :est 2013league - sims in picture for origin debut sat may :est 2013more sports - doping battle at breaking point: wada sat may :est 2013cricket - warner in anti-media twitter war sat may :est 2013afl - how did it come to this for jack? sat may :est 2013play video: craddock responds to warner news limited cricket writer robert craddock has responded to david warner's twitter rant that occurred earlier this morning. sat may :est 2013play video: real see red in cup final coach jose mourinho and superstar cristiano ronaldo are sent off as real madrid lose a wild copa del rey final against fierce rivals atletico madrid. sat may :est 2013play video: warner in twitter tirade david warner launches an extraordinary twitter attack against two veteran cricket journalists.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the repsol honda rider got the better of yamaha's jorge lorenzo on the very last corner of the race to take his third win of the season. the spaniard now trails lorenzo by just points in the riders' standings with six races remaining. third place went to cal crutchlow, marking the first time a briton has finished on the podium at this level since jeremy mcwilliams at the british grand prix. crutchlow, who signed a new one-year contract extension with tech yamaha on saturday, has threatened to land his maiden podium finish on several occasions this season and was delighted to finally get the job done on sunday. "i am elated, and we have proved a lot of people wrong. we have finally got there," he told bbc sport. "there has been a lot of pressure on me to do it all season and hopefully i can continue it now." pole-sitter lorenzo held the lead off the start from pedrosa, with crutchlow dropping quickly to third place from his career-best second on the grid. the front two soon pulled away from the briton and diced all the way to the flag. matters came to a head on the final lap when lorenzo muscled past pedrosa only for the honda rider to hit back. there was nothing between the two as they went into the final turn, but it was pedrosa who found the better drive out of the corner to take a thrilling win by just .178 seconds ahead of his compatriot. watch: pedrosa wins thrilling czech gp... more videos crutchlow's team-mate andrea dovizioso took fourth place, ahead of stefan bradl lcr honda , alvaro bautista gresini honda , valentino rossi ducati and randy de puniet art . meanwhile, british world superbike rider jonathan rea is poised to step up to the premier class after it was confirmed on sunday that he will join up with repsol honda for both monday's test at brno and the two-day test at aragon on september -. the northern irishman is poised to ride for the team at the next two rounds in misano and aragon as the replacement for pedrosa's team-mate, reigning champion casey stoner, who has returned to australia for surgery on the ankle he badly injured in an accident at indianapolis last weekend.
__label__non_math	0.9993	please note for the new used marketplace different terms and conditions apply. all delivery times quoted are the average, and cannot be guaranteed. these should be added to the availability message time, to determine when the goods will arrive. during checkout we will give you a cumulative estimated date for delivery. delivery help faqs if you are not completely satisfied with your purchase , you may return it to us in its original condition with in days of receiving your delivery or collection notification email for a refund. except for damaged items or delivery issues the cost of return postage is borne by the buyer. your statutory rights are not affected.
__label__non_math	0.9980	asia stands poised to join 's global revolution as started, tunisians and then egyptians revolted, demanding that the power in their countries belong to the people who live and work there, rather than the corrupt, undemocratic interests of wealth that had sucked the nations dry. the arab spring, western commentators called it, seeking to cast the unrest as other, exotic, unlike anything that could happen here. as i wrote this summer, the american power structure is afraid that, once americans realize general strikes and constant protests are not an "arab" phenomenon only they might conclude it is time to join, to counter plutocracy with solidarity. then europe joined the movement, spaniards, britons, greeks, and italians fighting austerity cuts demanded by the very financial elites who had demolished their economies. the unrest spread to the streets of santiago and san juan and tel aviv and delhi and sanaa and, eventually, to wall street, the very intestine of the global corporate class that was revealed everywhere to be an enemy of democracy. was a year of global democratic revolution against global plutocratic corruption. at the tail end of the year, we have begun to see rumblings in asia, and no one should be surprised if that is the next region to rise up, or, as the international plutocracy sees it, fall. the death of kim jong-il in north korea has eyes trained to the east, expecting the instability hinted at by the state s proclamation that we must hold high the flag of songun military-first policy, strengthen military power a hundred times and firmly defend our socialist system and achievement of revolution. in an age when tyrants are right to feel nervous about the solidity of their regimes, many in the west are skeptical of kim jong-un s ability to consolidate power. north korea is, after all, a state whose decades of increasingly totalitarian cultural policing suggest an awareness of the tenuousness of the ownership class s control over the functions of the state. the north korean situation must be particularly troubling to the powers that be because china, the nation s gigantic authoritarian neighbor, has also recently been confronted by a series of protests in the streets by civilians who are fighting as though they really mean it. the village of wukan was thrust into turmoil when xue jinbo, a human rights campaigner there, died in police custody. a sense that police misdeeds undermine human dignity have sparked rebellion the world over, from the cruel seizure of muhammed bouazizi s vegetable cart in tunisia to london s metropolitan police s murder of mark duggan to the unjust georgia execution of troy davis. in wukan, as in tahrir square and zuccotti park, the people have responded to a perfidious and callous government by creating one of their own, the telegraph reporting that a commune has effectively taken root with everyone mucking in to man barricades and fetch supplies down the maze of dirt tracks because police are blockading the main routes. and, as around the world, authoritarian violence seems in the cards for the protesters, according to the same report despite the unity and defiance, rumours that armed security forces are mustering outside of the town and are poised to launch a crackdown, has nerves on edge. elsewhere in china, tens of thousands of dissidents flooded the streets of haimen in order to oppose a planned coal-fired power plant and were met by chinese riot police wielding tear gas, the scenes reminiscent of events from oakland to cairo. the protesters there are standing up to the degrading effect profit-seekers have on the quality of life for working people, according to the huffington post: the protesters think that an existing coal-fired power plant has contributed to what they say is a spike in cancer cases and heavy pollution in the seas, a serious problem for a town where fishing is a source of livelihood. in september, similarly motivated protests had broken out near shanghai. resistance to chinese uber-industrialization is noteworthy in part for the connection it bears to resistance to american uber-financialization. the american consumer economy is, after all, the tail-side of the coin whose head is chinese mass production. the two factors depend on one another for their upkeep, and when large-scale efforts are waged to wrest control from the corporate elites and transfer power to average citizens, neither is threatened unless both are. now, both are. less geopolitically significant, but still insinuative of an asian winter, so to speak, kazakhstan finds itself amid days of intense labor struggles, oil workers sustaining police fire that has killed at least people. according to reuters, violence have not spread beyond the region but political analysts say the protests suggest that broader public pressure is mounting for president nursultan nazarbayev to relax the authoritarian system he has built up since soviet times. the report necessarily evokes russia s recent turbulence, tens of thousands of protesters taking to the streets of major russian cities in the dead of winter to defy a self-evidently gamed political system, designed to increase the command of the already empowered vladimir putin. the demonstrations there are having an effect on russia s oil economy, as bloomberg business week s reporting indicates: almost ,000 people have signed-up to protest on dec. in central moscow against alleged ballot-box stuffing in dec. elections. urals crude, russia s chief export blend, dropped .percent yesterday to .. crude for january delivery climbed cents to .a barrel in new york, paring this month s decline to .percent. stocks have plunged .percent this month following the nationwide protests. japan too has been in a state of unrest following, among other things, the still-unfolding fukushima disaster. massive rallies, a mainstream media blackout and even a prominent occupy tokyo movement have thrown that ostensibly democratic capitalist country into a battle for the national soul, the factions mirroring those elsewhere: on one side a powerful politico-corporate class and on the other side a population subjected to undignified treatment and hungry for true democracy. globalization has connected the world s powerful as never before, markets everywhere affecting markets everywhere else, international banks and corporations holding ever-more power over the sovereign economies and polities of countries all over. but the working class too are now more connected than in the past by the internet which enables people everywhere to see their situations as similar to their international brothers and sisters . with asia looking as though it is ready to jump into the fray, we might be facing a very haunting specter indeed: working people of all countries uniting.
__label__non_math	0.9995	enabled by obama, netanyahu attempts to hold back the tide of history the same day israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu's received his wildly receptive welcome from the u.s. congress financial times associate editor philip stephens wrote that elsewhere, britain has been frustrated by washington s refusal to back publication by the international community of the essential parameters of an israeli-palestine peace agreement. translation: it is the u.s. that is preventing the major world powers from expressing the international consensus on the way forward in peace process. stephens continued, the president s willingness to offend benjamin netanyahu, israel s obdurate prime minister, is a necessary but not sufficient condition for progress in the region. british prime minister david cameron s government has already said it might support the palestinians when they go before the united nations, as expected in september, and ask for a resolution affirming palestinian statehood in the israeli occupied territories of the west bank and gaza. if you rely on the major u.s. media you would never sense it but what obama likely heard in europe last week is that the rest of the world is even more certain than the british to back the un move. evidently in his meeting with european leaders, obama tried to talk the others out of supporting palestinian statehood when the matter comes up for a vote in the un. the march to isolate israel internationally -- and the impulse of the palestinians to abandon negotiations -- will continue to gain momentum in the absence of a credible peace process and alternative, obama told the american israel public affairs committee aipac , a group that has become little more than a lobbying mechanism supporting the policies of netanyahu s governing rightwing coalition. so in advance of a five-day trip to europe, in which the middle east will be a topic of acute interest, i chose to speak about what peace will require. president obama didn t exactly launch any initiative and his endorsement of a middle east settlement based on the armistice borders wasn t nearly as bold as it is being portrayed. it is the consensus position of the vast overwhelming majority of the people and governments of the world. it has been for a long time, and everybody knows it. the effect of the media reporting on netanyahu s visit to the u.s., his talk with obama, his rapturous reception at the annual aipac powwow and his over the top reception by the u.s. congress has created a delusion here in the u.s. the verbal sparring between the two leaders, the haughty lecturing tone of netanyahu s response to the president, and the or so standing ovations the congress gave to him are only part of the story and have to be viewed in the context of the opinion of the rest of the world. it doesn t even adequately reflect the views of the members of congress. their repeated standing ovations are more a testimony to the political power of the israeli lobby than to their private convictions. even some of israel s most adamant supporters amongst them are gravely concerned over israel s growing international isolation. the cable news commentators that referred to the israeli leader s seeming political conquest of official washington as political theater got it right: members of congress, some of whom are otherwise knowledgeable and reasonable people, falling all over themselves to applaud what most of the rest of the world including our most trusted allies reject. the dynamic on display this week in washington between the two leaders has actually left the palestinian leadership little choice but to appeal to the international community. "the world will blame israel as the main culprit if violence escalates again should the palestinians unilaterally declare their independence this autumn, said the financial times deutschland in germany. whether this blame would be correct or not, a government leader must act in such a situation. the arab revolutions have made the situation even more urgent and increased the palestinians' impatience. "but even before his speech yesterday, netanyahu willfully squandered this chance despite his promises and declarations; he apparently wanted to play the blocker and the hardliner. and it served him well -- at least domestically." "but it's a catastrophe for israel's foreign policy, said the paper. sure, netanyahu was applauded in congress, and he thanked obama repeatedly for his support of israel. but the audience for his speech and visit weren't just us politicians, who would stand by him anyhow. instead of an israeli vision of a peaceful middle east, once again only the memory of netanyahu's many refusals will remain in the mind of the global audience." all hands appear to be on deck to try and head off a un resolution. having the u.n. general assembly pass a resolution recognizing an independent palestinian state will only rally israelis around prime minister bibi netanyahu, giving him another excuse not to talk, wrote new york times columnist thomas friedman may . that s just silly talk. bibi doesn t need another rationale for intransigence. he opposes any settlement based on any borderlines that doesn t ratify the colonial conquest of palestinian land. that a new un resolution will not produce a palestinian state is so obvious that it s curious that obama bothered to say so, but as retired brigadier general michael herzog, a veteran israeli negotiator has noted, it is likely to isolate israel and escalate israeli-palestinian tensions. while in europe obama was no doubt told again what he already knew: that the european union fully backs the position that will be laid out in a general assembly resolution. the congressional applause had hardly died down when the eu s foreign policy chief, catherine ashton, backed obama s stance. netanyahu's rejection of peace based on the borders is self-important and arrogant especially given that obama explicitly stated that a variation from the borders would be possible under a mutual land swap, luxembourg s foreign minister jean asselborn told spiegel last week. netanyahu is suppressing the political reality and betting on a stalemate instead. for the peace process, that is deadly. we need to make an attempt to draw hamas into a democratic process and bring it on to the path of freedom -- just as we succeeded in doing with fatah during the 1990s. that would also include informal talks with hamas. and that's a position we europeans are going to maintain, continued asselborn. still, you can't just put conditions on the palestinian side, as they're not the only source of the violence. israel has turned the gaza strip into a prison. there, .million people live in an area one-seventh the size of luxembourg. to shut its borders and to only allow certain goods into the country and hardly any out -- this is also a form of violence. in the west bank, israelis continue to build settlements on expropriated land. it is a constant provocation. one might think that it would shore up political support for the rightwing politician at home but that would be a mistake. american jews have been dragged over the past few days into the controversy between their government and israel's government, and that is neither to their benefit nor to the benefit of the state of israel, was the editorial comment of haaretz, considered by some to be israel's most influential daily newspaper. unlike the many american politicians who turn jewish organizational conferences into election rallies, obama did not make do with rousing declarations about america's commitment to israel's security and to the unity of jerusalem, said the newspaper. though he is already thinking about his upcoming presidential election campaign, obama looked the jewish community in the eye and told the truth. the refusal by netanyahu and his political allies to recognize the borders as a starting point leads permanent-status negotiations into a dead end. from there, the road is short to violent confrontation with the palestinians, diplomatic isolation and perhaps even economic sanctions, said haaretz. the large jewish peace camp in the united states must support the president and reject political activists who have turned israel's fate into a ball on america's domestic political court. the time has come for the jews of new york and illinois to stand beside their worried brethren in jerusalem and sderot, who have welcomed obama's message and are hoping for it to become reality. between loyalty to obama's way and loyalty to netanyahu's way, they must choose loyalty to the future of the state of israel. obama knows that, given netanyahu's political constraints and his worldview, chances for productive negotiations with the palestinians are practically zero, says carlo strenger, tel aviv university philosopher and psychoanalyst and member of the permanent monitoring panel on terrorism of the world federation of scientists. he also knows that the palestinians' bid for recognition by the un general assembly, where the us does not have veto power, is likely to receive more than two-thirds of the vote, probably including britain and france. so netanyahu is losing, says strenger. but the real victims of his rightwing government's disastrous policies are the people of israel. the specter of israel's ever-growing isolation and increasing international pressure on it looms large. as israeli prize-winning historian and political scientist zeev sternhell writes in haaretz, israel is on the way to becoming a pariah state . the clear losers in netanyahu s shortsightedness, wrapped into grandiose verbal pyrotechnics, are the citizens of israel. once the dust of the media storm settles down, we will be faced with the stark truth: the specter of israel s ever-growing isolation and of increasing international pressure looms large. once the palestinians succeed in their bid for statehood, the netanyahu government will be facing international criticism of its settlement policies unprecedented in force and intensity. the tragedy is that israel's growing isolation and the palestinians' unilateral move could be avoided. instead of fighting palestinians' bid for recognition, israel should support it. fareed zakaria wrote may in the washington post: the problem is that netanyahu has never believed in land for peace. his strategy has been to put up obstacles, create confusion and wait it out. but one day there will be peace, along the lines that people have talked about for years. and netanyahu will be remembered only as a person before the person who made peace, a comma in history. it was a tactical triumph for the israeli premier, said the financial times. but it is israeli citizens, not the us congress, who will have to live with the consequences of a leader who will not make the compromises needed for peace with the palestinians and with an arab world reinvigorated by the wave of revolution against tyrants israel has come to rely on. history has been in the making all over the southern bank of the mediterranean, and it won t skip the palestinian territory, commented the french newspaper le monde. everywhere, the arab spring is bringing together people with the same demands for dignity, democracy and freedom, and there is no reason why it should not reach the palestinians, too. on may , at group of eight summit in the french seaside resort of deauville, leaders of world's richest countries gave strong support" to president barack obama's stance on pre- borders. in a draft statement at the g8 summit in they urged israelis and palestinians "to return to substantive talks with a view to concluding a framework agreement on all final status issues. "to that effect, we express our strong support for the vision of israeli-palestinian peace outlined by president obama on ." on the same day, over a dozen israeli intellectuals and public figures sent a letter to european governments urging them to officially recognize a palestinian state, noting that "the peace process has reached its end," the letter, initiated by sheikh jarrah solidarity movement, said in part, "peace has fallen hostage to the peace process. as israeli citizens, we announce that if and when the palestinian people declare independence of a sovereign state that will exist next to israel in peace and security, we will support such the announcement of the palestinian state with borders based on the lines, with needed land swaps on a :basis." the letter was signed by former knesset speaker avraham burg, former foreign ministry director general alon liel, and former ambassador to south africa ilan baruch, nobel laureate professor daniel kahneman, and israel prize winner professor avishai margalit. "we urge the countries of the world to declare their willingness to recognize a sovereign palestinian state according to these principles," the letter read, adding "the palestinian appeal to the united nations to recognize a palestinian state does not harm the israeli interest and is not at odds with the peace process." carl bloice, a member of the national coordinating committee of the committees of correspondence for democracy and socialism, is a columnist for the black commentator. he also serves on its editorial board.
__label__non_math	0.8618	serbia's strategic ambiguity and the eu as washington does with beijing and taipei, serbia practices strategic ambiguity with kosovo. cross-posted from johnfeffer.com. john is currently traveling in eastern europe and observing its transformations since . serbia this week adopted new guidelines for its talks with kosovo. as usual, the serbian parliament declared that it would never recognize the independence of the breakaway region. this was not a surprise. but the parliament also called for more autonomy for ethnic serbians living in kosovo. on the face of it, this latter statement seems of a piece with the refusal to recognize kosovo s independence. but it is actually quite the opposite, for it implies two things. first, serbia no longer harbors any hopes of asserting direct control over kosovo. second, the guidelines indirectly recognize pristina s sovereignty over the entire region of kosovo. this acknowledgment runs counter to the hitherto popular partition option that would turn kosovo into a kind of korean peninsula, with a dmz between the ethnic albanian majority and the serbian enclaves in the north. this is a very delicate balance. the nationalist government currently in place in belgrade does not want to go down in history for selling out kosovo serbs. on the other hand, they also don t want to go down in history for blowing serbia s chance to join the european union. caught between unhappy bureaucrats in brussels and unhappy compatriots in northern kosovo, the belgrade politicians are relying on a good deal of finesse: negotiating that which must be negotiated while kicking the rest down the road. call it the serbian version of strategic ambiguity, the same kind of opacity that has allowed washington to maintain relations with both beijing and taipei. the european union, too, is involved in a difficult game. brussels knows that having half the balkans inside the eu and half outside is not a tenable situation. on the other hand, the eu is struggling with an economic crisis, and there isn t a great deal of enthusiasm for further expansion after croatia enters this summer. in fact, according to the head of serbia s eu integration office, there won t be any new entrants in the next six to eight years, with the possible exception of iceland. so, serbia has to be both realistic about its chances and flexible in its conduct. but for many in serbia, the real question about eu integration is not the relationship with pristina but what kind of state serbia wants to be. back in october, i talked with srdjan majstorovic, the deputy director of the eu integration office, about this issue. the european integration process for serbia is, in a sense, a state-building process, he explained, not in the sense of building a serbian state, which has existed for centuries, but in the sense of creating modern democratic institutions based on the rule of law that can sustain serious political pressure and threat within a democratic institutional setting. for that, we need to continue the eu integration process, because it is the most important transformative power tool in this region, and not only in serbia. our primary goal is to strengthen democratic institutions and make them capable of sustaining heavy and difficult political pressures. only then can we hope for the sustainable resolution of still pending issues and the normalization of relations between belgrade and pristina. what s quite surprising about all this is the level of support in serbian society for the eu path despite the length of the accession process, the entrance requirements that the eu has demanded, and the less appealing prospects for eu members given the current financial crisis. not only has the level of support in serbian society for eu accession remained at around percent, but the pro-eu faction in the serbian parliament has now reached percent. and, majstorovic points out, most serbians want to pursue internal reforms regardless of eu accession. the question remains: how much strategic ambiguity will brussels and kosovo tolerate, and for how long? when you look at the next couple years, how do you evaluate the prospects for serbia? i would put myself in the position of a cautious optimist: . that s cautious enough, since the prospect is not rosy, i m afraid. i m not referring to political stability, but rather that serbia and the rest of the region are facing serious economic and social challenges to which the governments should pay particular attention. since we are already integrated into broader european, even global, economic processes, everything that happens in the eu has a direct impact on the economies in the region. in such an environment, it s very difficult for the governments to be persistent in reforming societies, which on the other hand is a necessity. these challenges can spill over into the political sphere and into the perception of the stability of the region as well and produce a downward spiral when it comes to the eagerness of foreign investors to invest in this part of europe. in such a complex situation, we are facing the risks of increasing political populism. and that s something that we must avoid if we want to stay firmly on the european integration path and reform our society. because the reforms are necessary. the eu itself provides a model that is accepted in the majority of european countries and at the same time provides technical and financial support along with the introduction of those reforms. and that s why the transformative power of the eu integration process itself, regardless of current crises within the eu, is so important for the stability of serbia and the region. do you remember where you were and what you were thinking when you heard about the fall of the berlin wall. i was a teenager. i sensed that this was something huge, a game-changer, if you will. at that time, former yugoslavia was starting to feel that something is changing on the european continent. this period when big changes were happening left a considerable trace on my political views: stepping out of the one-party political system and into a pluralist political system based on democratic institutions and the respect for human rights and rule of law. that s something that made a mark on one s political ideas for life. it was a cornerstone event for my generation. for my father s generation, it was a bit different. he belongs to the post-world war ii generation, and he felt that the event was a serious blow to the identity of the generation brought up in the era of a one-party system when the state played a large role in the everyday life of the individual. what followed after the fall of the berlin wall was something that his generation was not prepared for. unfortunately, the political elite in former yugoslavia was not prepared for the paradigm change marked by the fall of the wall. instead of choosing democratization path and economic transition in the process of wider european integration, we took a dive into nationalist frenzy and an overall disintegration of society marked by wars and ethnic hatred. there s a perception that the current serbian government has adopted a go-slow attitude toward european integration compared to the previous government. would you agree with that? i think it s still early to say whether this is true or not. it s still not the full 100 days of this government to assess properly what the dynamism of the eu reforms in serbia will be. what is obvious is that the prime minister himself, as well as the first deputy prime minister and the deputy minister for eu integration, are all firm that the eu integration process is a primary goal of this government. i would stick to that and suggest holding them accountable to produce tangible results. but perhaps it is too early to assess what the dynamism of the process will be. mind you, this dynamism is not solely based on internal social, political and economic conditions. there is an external factor as well. unfortunately, what s happening inside the eu and its economy is influencing not only european-wide political debate, it s also spilling over into the internal political debate here in serbia. there are those saying, do you see what is happening inside the eu? are we going to rush in or are we going to prepare ourselves better? although political and economic issues are playing the most influential part our relations with the eu at this moment, we shouldn t neglect reforms that are necessary to undertake in the process of eu accession. they need to be implemented no matter the tempo of our eu integration process. the important thing is that the government does not lose its goal, which is the eu integration process. then, in open dialogue with the eu and the european commission, we can agree on the tempo of the eu accession process, respecting the objective circumstances on both sides. but this tempo of the eu accession process should not affect in any way the internal reforms, which need to be undertaken if serbia wants to be recognized as a successful, democratic, and modern european state. in the media, it was presented as an expectation on the part of this government, or this government and previous government, that the discussion of eu integration and kosovo would proceed in parallel. but in some sense, the two have collided. eu accession, it seems, has been made contingent on an acknowledgement or recognition of the independence of kosovo. is this the case? if so, how to resolve this? first of all, it s very difficult to ask serbia to recognize something that five other eu states don t recognize, namely kosovo s independence. the european integration process for serbia is, in a sense, a state-building process: not in the sense of building a serbian state, which has existed for centuries, but in the sense of creating modern democratic institutions based on the rule of law that can sustain serious political pressure and threat within a democratic institutional setting. for that, we need to continue the eu integration process, because it is the most important transformative power tool in this region, and not only in serbia. our primary goal is to strengthen democratic institutions and make them capable of sustaining heavy and difficult political pressures. only then can we hope for the sustainable resolution of still pending issues and the normalization of relations between belgrade and pristina. the reality in kosovo is rather complex. institutions in kosovo are ruling this administrative area. serbia still relies on unsc resolution and deems the same area as being un administrated. the reality is that serbia does not have the instruments to rule the territory that is, in accordance with its constitution, part of the sovereign territory of the republic of serbia. nor do kosovo institutions, which declared independence in , have the instruments to rule the northern part of kosovo populated by serbs. so, this is a potential jumping off point for negotiations between the two sides, and there is room here for some future compromise. both sides can agree to disagree and explore possibilities to find some way out of the deadlock, which has grave consequences on the everyday life of people living in this area. we need a compromise, because otherwise this situation can breed very bad sentiments on both sides and become a destabilizing factor. in this volatile social and economic situation, it can produce very negative effects. there is percent unemployment in kosovo, percent of which are young people. this is a social time bomb. the situation in serbia is just a bit better, with percent unemployment and percent being young people. if not offered a peaceful and constructive alternative, these young people could become susceptible to populism and nationalism and other volatile ideas and ideologies. we are now eagerly waiting to see what the platform will be for the negotiations between the two sides. the president has been saying that he would like to see this platform adopted by the parliament as well and have full democratic legitimacy to negotiate with pristina. then obviously the next stage would be some kind of agreement between the two sides, which will be a crucial historic moment for the start of the process of reconciliation. we re speaking today at the same time we are commemorating the 100th anniversary of the start of the balkan wars, when the balkan nations fought against turkey. there is a lot of history in this region, as churchill put it, perhaps too much to absorb. such an amount of history, combined with economic and social difficulties and a lack of european perspective, can be easily misused as a legitimizing factor for some dangerous political ideas. it sounds like the compromise would simply be maintaining more-or-less parallel discussions on integration and reconciliation. it s time to behave in a european way. it is necessary to engage everyone in the region in the european integration process. and on the parallel track, it is necessary to find some sustainable resolution of the kosovo issue. but if you put this issue as a condition too early in the process, you re just risking a prolongation of the eu integration process and the process of reforming these countries. it might provoke certain nationalistic ideas, which rise much faster in a volatile economic and social environment. obviously, as we draw closer to the end of eu accession negotiations, this condition will become more present and visible. but at that stage, democratic institutions and processes and actors will become capable of sustaining political pressure. in the last week october , as if this issue weren t enough to deal with, there was the cancellation of the pride march here in belgrade and at least one eu representative saying that this was unacceptable from the standpoint of eu principles. what was your reaction to that? i was disappointed as a citizen of serbia. i strongly believe in human rights and liberties. and if a certain right is protected by the constitution of this country, then the state should make it possible for each and every minority to express themselves freely. if we believe in the rule of law, if we believe in freedom of speech and freedom of assembly, the march should have been allowed. but the government decided that there was a serious security risk for participants and cancelled it. it sent the wrong message, especially to those hooligans, extremists basically, who were threatening the participants of that parade. that s not the way to fight intolerance and discrimination. obviously there s a lot to be done in order to raise awareness among citizens concerning the rights of especially sexual minorities and to improve the overall climate in society regarding the tolerance of those who are different. to be fair, this year s pride week was marked by a couple of exhibitions and public events that took place, and these should be considered a small, a very small, but still important contribution to similar events in the future. many bulgarians said to me that the eu brought bulgaria on board too quickly and missed an opportunity to use accession as leverage to push more reforms through bulgaria. how do you feel about using eu accession as a tool? it s a very useful tool if you implement it properly. i m glad that you got a realistic picture in bulgaria. because romania and bulgaria are good examples of how things should not be done. i m not saying that serbia would become an eu member state tomorrow. in that sense, we are aware of the lengthiness of the process ahead. but what is important is to start accession talks as soon as possible. because each and every one of the chapters that we are negotiating basically screens our capability to adopt or not the eu acquis. it provides an objective picture of your own capacities to advance. if done properly, then yes, accession is a perfect tool to improve a country s position. but still, the accession process is just an opportunity. success depends on the candidate s readiness to accept the values and implement the standards of the eu. sometimes there s a lack of understanding that accession is a two-sided process: political and normative. these have to go hand in hand as well and, the process is successful only when both parts are taken seriously and complement one another. there have been a couple of examples of countries acceding to the eu on the merit of a political decision rather than the fulfillment of technical criteria, which proved to have grave, long-term consequences. if a candidate does it properly, yes, eu accession is a very useful tool. but obviously you need to have first of all, political willingness within the country to engage in sometimes very difficult and serious reforms. second, there needs to be fully fledged dedication and administrative capacity to negotiate and properly implement all the required technical standards and rules. and then, there should be clear political will, or vision if you wish, on the eu side as well that this process needs to start as early as possible and that this process will lead to the actual accession of candidate countries to the eu. the problem is that the eu today lacks the vision and self-confidence that its appeal still has sufficient transformative power to make aspiring candidates engage in the necessary reforms. what will be the most difficult chapters for serbia to undertake? this is not secret. it will be like the cases of romania and bulgaria. there s judiciary and fundamental rights on the one hand, and issues related to internal affairs on the other: justice, freedom, and security. those are going to be crucial. the quality of reforms performed in those two areas influences the quality of the overall transformation and success in the eu integration process. based on that, the european commission has begun to use a new methodology in the accession talks, prioritizing these two chapters and . this is to avoid the same mistakes that the eu made in previous waves of enlargement. the new methodology implies that, after the screening process, a new series of benchmarks will need to be fulfilled before negotiations on a particular chapter are opened. depending on the success achieved in these two chapters, the country will move deeper into accession negotiations. if a candidate gets stuck in these fundamental chapters, it will not be able to proceed to the other chapters. this is a new system of checks and balances to assess the readiness of candidate countries regarding the importance and acceptance of the rule of law as a major eu accession condition. apart from those two areas, the chapters on agriculture and environment are traditionally very challenging, because these are very large and expensive chapters to negotiate and implement. and the majority of the european acquis is based in these two areas. another question that will determine the complexity of our accession process is what the eu will look like in the future. even more important, what will the eu look like when serbia is ready to join the eu? based on the complexity of the current economic and financial situation in the eu, we can say that issues of financial prudence will be very important for the future accession candidates. decentralization has been a challenge for turkey, and some people oppose decentralization there arguing that the country will fall apart if too much autonomy is given to the regions. a debate is also taking place here in serbia over decentralization, around the issue of vojvodina. at the same time, centralization is intensifying in serbia, with so many people moving to belgrade and some villages in the countryside disappearing. how do you think this debate will play into eu accession? there is no special request coming from the eu with regard to decentralization. as you know, in the eu this particular topic is left to the competence of the member states with respect to their own tradition when it comes to the territorial division of governance. thus, there are federal countries, regionalized countries, countries in the process of devolution and traditionally centralized countries. when i was a student, i argued that the spanish model of autonomous provinces, for example, would have been a good model for addressing secessionist movements in former yugoslavia, especially in the case of kosovo back in the 1990s. according to the constitution of the republic of serbia, vojvodina and kosovo are two autonomous provinces and as such they do have additional administrative competences. the eu doesn t have standards on this particular issue. the eu is interested and is following developments in this particular area strictly in terms of respecting the rule of law and respecting the existing competences of the autonomous province. the recent decision of the constitutional court on the income of vojvodina is going to be acknowledged in the forthcoming progress report due to be published shortly, and the two governments the central and the autonomous province s will have to acknowledge that this issue should be addressed and resolved. the second important issue with regard to decentralization and regionalization in the eu accession process has to do with development aid and policy within the eu. with regard to that, serbia adopted a law on the statistical regions of serbia. these are just development regions that basically gave us the opportunity to accumulate statistical data in those regions in order to draw development data and assessments. it is necessary to produce this regional statistical data in order to draw all potential development assistance in different parts of serbia. the eu structural funds are based on the logic of supporting depopulated areas or areas facing structural problems such as industries moving out or the need for rural development. obviously the eu integration process will have more impact, of necessity, on improving the capacities of local self-governments municipalities and statistical devolution rather than governance devolution. however, there is a political party in serbia campaigning on the issue of regionalization. so, these statistical regions could become something more than just statistical gathering areas in the future. but that s still not a part of the political debate. and if all relevant stakeholders accept this idea the process of decentralization will have to be transparent and based on the widest possible social consensus that respects the numerous regional specificities of serbia s multiethnic society. every time i ask people here about their impression of the eu, people who are not working on this issue, they turn it around and ask me when i think serbia will become part of the eu. and i say, i don t really know. i guess there are two scenarios. in the first, accession goes relatively smoothly, with an emphasis on relative : the accession talks continue and serbia enters in ten years or so. the second is the turkey option. turkey has been in accession discussions for something like three decades. this is obviously not just a technical question. there s considerable political opposition in some capitals in europe. i m curious what you think in terms of serbia s timeline. i believe serbia can finish eu accession negotiations in five years, once they start. perhaps an additional two years will be needed to ratify the accession treaty in the eu member states. but that doesn t mean that those five seven years will start from now. it obviously depends on how the kosovo dialogue ends up. it will depend on the readiness not only of the incumbent government but future governments as well to engage in sometimes very crucial, difficult, and unpleasant reforms: reform of the labor market and the pension system, to name just a few. so, if we draw the parallel between serbia and croatia s eu accession process we can say that serbia should be able to at least finish the accession negotiations if not join the eu by the end of the next financial perspective period, . it will also depend on the future of the eu itself. but i don t have a crystal ball and can t predict how long it will take for the eu to resolve its internal issues. what is necessary is that there should be a proper political vision with regard to the broader picture of what the eu should look like in the next ten or twenty years. the accession process for the western balkans, not only serbia, should be speeded up, and it should go hand in hand with a deepening of the integration of the eu member states. that should be a sign of the clear vision, the strength, and the still existing appeal of the eu enlargement policy. otherwise, it s going to be even more difficult to cope with transition fatigue in candidate countries and more challenging to motivate political elites to remain dedicated to necessary reforms. how robust is serbian support for eu accession. we often see fluctuations in public opinion around this issue, related to economic issues or kosovo. how large a core group of people will support eu accession no matter what? we ve been conducting public polls ever since . you can check them out on our website. we are conducting them in line with eurobarometer methodology, and they say that percent of serbian citizens would vote yes if a referendum on eu accession were to be held tomorrow. but this data fluctuates. in , after the assassination of late prime minister zoran djindjic, support was at its highest peak: percent. if there is conditionality regarding kosovo, support goes down in that particular period. if candidate status is about to be awarded, support goes up. so one can say that public opinion depends on the major paradigm that best describes the major issue in the current relationship with the eu. what is important for us, and what shows rather the rational side of the public when it comes to the eu accession process, is that when we ask citizens about reforms that we are introducing and implementing during the course of eu accession, there is huge support of citizens support reforms regardless of the prospect of eu accession . even with doubts surrounding the prospects for eu membership, citizens tend to be very rational on this issue. they are also rational on the kosovo issue, because the public believes it should be resolved regardless of eu membership . so this is an additional element of legitimacy for the political stakeholders to continue to engage both in reforms and dialogue with pristina. and then there is an additional way of measuring support when you look at the number of political parties that are currently part of the mainstream in the parliament. some percent of those political parties sitting in the parliament belong to the faction of eu accession supporters. that s a change that s a dramatic change. the best way to explore the transformative power of eu accession is to go back to when we signed the stabilization and association agreement with eu and there was a debate in parliament about whether to ratify the agreement or not. that was the tipping point when the former radical party split. that was the game changer when it came to a political consensus on eu integration for serbia. so, the political consensus exists. but the social consensus needs to be strengthened. and that can be done only with the proper communication with the citizens, to explain what exactly the eu means today, what accession will bring to the citizens of this country, and how these reforms are necessary if we want to be a well-regulated and modern european society. belgrade,
__label__non_math	1.0000	geek couture at its finest
__label__non_math	0.9992	so, how s the zucchini out by you these days? here in sultry new jersey it has us surrounded, which is as good an excuse as any to make this easy pasta dish for supper and which in turn lets me indulge two of my favorite things to do; using my lethal weapon of a mandoline, and making yet another pot of fresh ricotta. neither one of which should scare you off, since you can make this dish perfectly nicely with a regular knife and ricotta from the store, but i m just saying. anyway, slice up your zucchini into nice long strips in whatever way you like to do it, and roasted them with a little olive oil until they are nice and golden and wonderful. in the meantime, cook up a pot of linguine, and make sure you save a little of the pasta water before you drain it. this is a good basic rule in life a little pasta water can do amazing things for pretty much any pasta sauce that needs just a teeny bit of loosening. now toss that pasta sauce with a little olive oil and salt and pepper, and then gently stir in some of your roasted zucchini. drizzle in a little of the pasta water if you think it needs it. top with some ricotta and if you do want to make your own, click here for my favorite and quick take that, zucchini zucchini pasta with ricotta, from everyday food
__label__non_math	0.9819	atittle wrote:it was extremely helpful to recently learn that poses are gender specific and that you can quickly create poses for the other gender by swapping objects, then selecting the other gender actor now exhibiting the new pose, and then save the pose . however, the bigger point i wish to make is that all of these tips should be posted in one easily accessible location in this forum: ideally organized by topic. this program is truly amazing, but because you guys update it so frequently i often find myself wondering if i m truly using it in the most efficient manner. new users, and even some of us who ve been around for a while, would find being able to quickly access and review all of these tips extremely helpful. yes, i know we already have this tip tricks forum. i just suggesting you add a single, searchable tip file or database to this forum. atittle wrote:sounds good. i believe this will be a valuable resource for a lot of users. i know it'll help my proficiency. what's that old saying: "work smarter, not harder." being able to quickly refer to the latest user tips is definitely working smarter. users browsing this forum: no registered users and guests
__label__non_math	0.9811	international shipping restrictions the united states postal service has temporarily set shipping restrictions on the below listed countries. please confirm with your local postal carrier for any other restrictions or fees that your order may be subject to that we cannot be aware of. these restrictions may change at anytime. please be aware that packages shipped to these countries may not be processed on the usps website like all other shipments. there are two processing options for these shipments. if a tracking number is needed the shipment must be hand-carriered to the post office where the postage and customs paperwork will be individually processed and filled out by a postal clerk. if a tracking number is not of concern the customs form number can often be used in substitution of a tracking number- but is not guaranteed by the usps we apologize for any inconvenience.
__label__non_math	0.9998	terms conditions in these terms the following word or words shall have the following meanings: .. client means the individual that instructs oak medical on the terms set out in this agreement or as notified by oak medical to the client from time to time. .. agreement means the understanding formed between oak medical and the client for the provision of services to which these terms apply. .. debt means that debt owed to the client which is the subject of the services .. services means the credit management service that oak medical agrees to provide to the client. . days means calendar days. . invoice date is the date the invoice was raised, sent to the patient for billing and for tax purposes. we cannot deal with postdated billing. . formation of agreement .. all instructions shall be made by the client in writing to include email and facsimile to the company s principle place of business. .. oak medical shall, unless the client requests otherwise in writing, begin to carry out the services when in receipt of the clients instructions and the agreement shall be deemed to be formed at this point. . obligations of oak medical .. oak medical agrees to deliver the services in accordance with these terms and conditions. .. following the request for these services, oak medical shall use its reasonable endeavours to collect the debt. .. oak medical will carry out the work required to collect the debt during the course of normal business hours. .. oak medical undertakes to exercise reasonable care and skill in performing the services. .. oak medical accepts no responsibility or liability should oak medical be unable to collect a debt for any reason whatsoever. .. oak medical reserves the right to decline a client s instructions without the obligation to provide reasons for its decision. .. oak medical is not a financial services organisation and will only require the client s bank details to pay in cheques if the client instructs oak medical to do this. . the client s obligations .. the client agrees to respond to oak medical s reasonable requests for instructions to enable oak medical to fulfill its obligations under this agreement and shall cooperate with oak medical in all matters relating to the services. .. by instructing oak medical the client has given their consent for oak medical to access their financial data. .. the client shall permit oak medical to have all reasonable access to its records and provide such assistance as requested by oak medical to enable them to carry out their obligations under the agreement. .. the client will provide oak medical with the names of individuals who are authorised to work with oak medical on the client s behalf. .. in consideration of the provision of services by oak medical, the client agrees to pay the fees calculated in accordance with any schedule or fee structures provided by oak medical to the client. .. the client will be liable for any costs incurred by oak medical on its behalf in performance of the services. .. all oak medical fees, charges and other costs and expenses incurred on the clients behalf attract vat which shall be payable at the prevailing rate in accordance with legislation in force from time to time. .. oak medical will raise an invoice for its fees or any disbursements paid by it on the client s behalf. .. if a debt is paid directly to the client in whole or in part or if the client accepts goods or services in lieu of the debt after oak medical has accepted instructions from the client: ..the client shall notify oak medical immediately and confirm the position in writing to prevent oak medical incurring further costs or fees on the client s behalf. ..shall be responsible in any event for oak medical s fees calculated in accordance with section . .. oak medical will not collect cash. any cash payments the client receives will have to be dealt with by the client. . termination of the agreement .if the agreement is cancelled then the client will be liable to pay oak medical any outstanding fees due to oak medical. .. oak medical requires four weeks notice prior to the termination of the agreement. .oak medical reserves the right to suspend service to the client until further notice in the event that either:- ..the client has failed to pay the monies owing to oak medical. ..the client is in breach of any material term of the agreement. ..oak medical is obliged to comply with an order of any relevant authority. .the client shall reimburse oak medical for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred as a result of such suspension and or the recommencement of the provision of services. .oak medical shall not be liable to the client in agreement, tort or otherwise, including liability for negligence, for any loss of revenue, loss of business, depletion of goodwill and or similar losses, loss of anticipated savings or profit or any indirect or consequential loss however arising. .oak medical shall not have liability to the client for any loss, delay or costs relating to or arising out of incomplete or inaccurate instructions from the client. .oak medical shall have no liability to the client under the agreement if oak medical is prevented from or delayed in performing its obligations under the agreement or from carrying on its business by acts, events, omissions or accidents beyond all reasonable control, including without limitation , act of god, war, civil commotion, malicious damage, compliance with any law or government order, rule, regulation, accident, fire, flood, or storm. .all warranties, conditions and other terms implied by the statute or common law are, to the fullest extent permitted by law excluded from the agreement but nothing in these terms limits or excludes liability of oak medical for death or personal injury resulting from negligence. .in the event that the client fails to pay any amount owed to oak medical when due, oak medical shall be entitled to withhold all documents, papers and correspondence it holds in connection with the clients business until payment by the client for sums due under the agreement. .any notice, invoice or other document which may be given by either party under the agreement shall be deemed to have been given if left or sent by post or fax confirmed by post to an address notified by the other party in writing as an address to which notices or other documents may be sent. .oak medical s address for services of any notice shall be its present office address or any other address that oak medical shall notify to the client. .these terms and the agreement shall be governed by english law and the jurisdiction of the courts of england and wales. .oak medical reserves the rights to amend or vary these terms, and in particular the fee rates, from time to time, but any such amendments variations shall only have effect upon notification to the client in writing. .a person who is not a party to the agreement shall have no rights under the contract rights of third parties act to enforce any parts of it.
__label__non_math	1.0000	topic: tango tours bob frassinetti gabriella hallas. and now tango tours here in buenos aires with gabriella halls ............ something about her...... gabriela was born in teterow, a small town in the north of germany, but grew up in halle where her german mother and hungarian father moved when she was three. she later moved to berlin and has also lived in spain andalusia and great britain cambridge and london . since she has been living in buenos aires. gabriela has always been fascinated by singing, dancing and performing - in tango she found all three elements united gabriela has always been fascinated by singing, dancing and performing. at an early age she learned to play the guitar, performed with various theatre and musical companies, sang in bars and took lessons in flamenco, rock n roll, egyptian dance and salsa. but her true passion is the tango which she discovered in cambridge in the late s. on a visit to argentina in she fell in love with the country and its people and decided to move here. since her arrival in buenos aires gabriela has studied with some of the best tango masters and enjoyed dances with tango teachers and performers from all over the world. during this intensive study period she has accumulated a wealth of knowledge and has developed a deep corporal and sensual understanding of tango, dance, movement and the body. "if i could tell you what it meant, there would be no point in dancing it." and so please feel free to contact us......... bob frassinetti gabriella hallas. invest in all that argentina has to offer from museum quality art to fashion from antiques to real estate, and enjoy living with arts and antiques and travelling all argentina, chile or uruguay for them ....... read all about it here: phone: 911 or in b's a's: chat any time, bob frassinetti
__label__non_math	1.0000	mr. frazier is the founder and managing partner of frazier healthcare. mr. frazier assists with evaluating growth equity and biopharma venture investments. he has been integrally involved in growing several successful early-stage life science companies into national prominence, including immunex, affymax and affymetrix. mr. frazier has led several successful investments for the firm such as tularik and cv therapeutic. recently he has led the development of successful growth equity companies such as tridentusa health services. currently mr. frazier serves on the boards of abode healthcare, cadence pharmaceuticals nasdaq: cadx , packaging coordinators, and tridentusa health services. prior to forming frazier healthcare, mr. frazier was the executive vice president and chief financial officer of immunex corporation. later, he served as the senior financial advisor and chief financial officer of affymax and worked on the spinout of affymetrix. prior to immunex, mr. frazier was head of the emerging business practice and co-head of the technology practice for the seattle office of arthur young company now, ernst young . mr. frazier holds a b.a. in economics from the university of washington. mr. frazier serves on the uw medicine board and uw medicine strategic initiatives committee, both affiliated with the university of washington school of medicine. additionally, he serves on the boards of the washington biotechnology and biomedical association, the western washington university foundation, and amara parenting, an adoption and foster care organization. feel free to contact him at email cadence pharmaceuticals cadx packaging coordinators, inc. tridentusa health services
__label__non_math	0.9998	rental homes awendaw on for rent by owner for rent by owner awendaw - frbo - specializes in rental homes, homes for rent , vacation rentals and rental houses in awendaw. jet, jet, and cross the precinct and not to distant awendaw, south carolina zone to adventure homes for lease awendaw. these houses for rent are primarily listed by rental house owners in the awendaw south carolina area. for rent by owner includes both short-term rental homes, long-term homes for rent awendaw and vacation homes. we include search critiria allowing you to search by rental type i.e., short-term, long-term or vacation . modify search criteria homes for rent awendaw south carolina frbo we have developed an interactive map driven website. our vacation rentals by owner, frbo.com, website excludes state picture for bed and breakfast rentals awendaw, occasionally. unlike most rental home websites, for rent by owner shows the specific locations of the houses for rent that meet the requirements being searched. the results are also listed in a table allowing renters to easily review the awendaw houses for rent. classifieds : apartments for rent in awendaw south carolina if there are too many results for the vacation rentals awendaw or homes for rent, you can narrow the results by changing the criteria. each time you adjust your search criteria, the new homse for rent and their corresponding locations are mapped and the results table is updated with the new houses for rent awendaw homes for lease awendaw frbo.com for rent by owner continues to increase the number of awendaw rental homes, houses for lease, and vacation homes in our searchable database. awendaw, south carolina known facts could work with your quest of beach homes. if you are looking for your next awendaw rental home or vacation rental, you have come to the right place. our awendaw homes for rent are located around the entire area. you can expand the searchable houses for rent in awendaw south carolina by selecting a larger range. unused and vacated private house and resort bungalow are abutting in the abutting community of awendaw south carolina.
__label__non_math	0.9979	days a week plus: the literary vine at richland library saturday in the world of jazz, george benson is perhaps the ultimate guitar hero, a complete-package guitar player whose career spans five decades and recordings, using his jazz roots as the foundation for an engaging mix of pop, soul and r b for a broad, popular sound. benson s concert is p.m. friday at the carolina coliseum. tickets are , or for vip seating; call 254- or visit blackexposouth.com for more. what's happening today: saturday, may by amanda ladymon by eva moore by james scott by eva moore by al dozier a citizens committee is now in place to determine priorities on the long list of transportation projects being considered for funding by the richland county transportation penny sales tax. by mike miller this weekend, the five points bar jake s, which occupies the old rockafellas site, will be transformed back into the live-music club of yore, complete with a stage in the original location, and a pa and lights hanging from the ceiling. thousands of people came out to the rosewood crawfish festival on . photographer sean rayford captured the action. by april blake you might think the limits on what food you re allowed to eat ended when you moved out of your mom s house, but every day, we are all limited in what we choose to consume by our place in life. by rodney welch each of these large, boldly-colored paintings and constructions look perfectly abstract, showing the admitted influence of naifeh s own heroes ranging from abstract expressionists like frank stella, ellsworth kelly and gene davis to the op art whimsy of bridget riley.
__label__non_math	0.9999	pc-bsd .dvd are shipping now. you may order your copy here: dvd. freebsd .cd and dvd are shipping now. you may order your copy here: cd, coming soon: freebsd .and pc-bsd .. upcoming events: ixsystems will be at the following tradeshows and conferences: sept.software freedom day
__label__non_math	0.9975	world demand for diesel engines is projected to grow .percent per year through to .billion. growth in the key asia pacific region will be led by china and india, as expanding motor vehicle and off-highway equipment output combines with more fixed investment. demand in north america and western europe will improve. this study analyzes the billion world diesel engine industry. it presents historical demand data for the years , and , and forecasts for and by application light motor vehicles, medium and heavy motor vehicles, off-highway equipment, stationary equipment , product engines, parts , world region and for countries. the study also considers market environment factors, details industry structure, evaluates company market share and profiles industry players, including volkswagen, caterpillar and cummins.
__label__non_math	0.9997	rampage wilt in second half, lose season finale to no. blaze sowle returns fumble yards for td to keep rampage close in first half des moines it was the end of the season for most and the end of the line for others here saturday as the midwest rampage closed up shop on the season against the no.... no comments posted for this article. post a comment
__label__non_math	0.9792	while related to and will doubtless have an impact on my decision whether or not to enquire about becoming a mason, it is not the sole inspiration for my interest in your fraternity. so, to an extent keith is correct in saying that i would like to know more before deciding whether or not to become a mason. however, i am also genuinely interested in philosophy, points of history as a whole, along with how society has developed... it appears to me that freemasonry is interconnected with so much of our history and our modern development... and that is the main reason for my interest. it was only after pursuing this interest and the discoveries i have made since that the idea of joining the fraternity became something i felt i could consider. and so, i am not trying to find out 'everything' before joining... but i am becoming more and more comfortable with the idea, with the more i discover and the more exchanges i have with masons. i am furthermore acutely aware that i will never have anything more than a theoretical paper knowledge without experiencing the craft for myself... as you say haydn, involvement is part of the learning curve and only part of the picture is available from the outside. if i were to receive a welcome into a lodge similar to that which i have received here, i would be very happy gary, the involvement of freemasons in the establishment of the royal society appears to be fairly well documented... and i was surprised although i probably shouldn't have been
__label__non_math	0.9987	semaj moran, left, , and arnold howard, a teenager and a young man now on trial for the shooting deaths of two pontiac women valued life so little that the women were killed over "or dollars," an oakland county assistant prosecutor told jurors today in opening statements. a defense attorney countered that prosecutors have no evidence proving the defendants murdered loretta fournier, , and luann robinson, . semaj moran, , and arnold howard, , are charged with first-degree and felony murder. moran also is charged as an adult in the case. ...
__label__non_math	0.9990	beyonce performs during the pepsi super bowl xlvii halftime show at the mercedes-benz superdome on , in new orleans, la. timothy a. clary afp getty images live, she was dead-on. the force of nature that is beyonce answered any and all questions about her commitment to authenticity with a dynamic super bowl xlvii halftime performance that apparently sucked all of the power out of the the mercedes-benz superdome in new orleans. the r b superstar, clad in a brief, black-leather outfit by little-known new york designer rubin singer with boots by proenza schouler , opened with a brief medley of "love on top," which led into smash "crazy in love." the opening salvo put to rest the now seemingly minor flap over her using a prerecorded track of the national anthem for president barack obama's second inauguration. if anything, the audience in the cavernous, acoustically challenged dome might have benefited from prerecorded tracks in this instance. the singer, who practiced with her band and dancers for several days this week under a vast tent space along the banks of the mississippi river, looked polished and poised throughout as she strutted around a neon-rimmed stage, with the lights forming two facing profiles of her. a troupe of similarly clad all-female dancers mimicked her moves for "end of time" and "baby boy," then her producers pulled out visual tricks, including holograms and kaleidoscopes, that quadrupled her power. the long-rumored reunion with former destiny's child mates kelly rowland and michelle williams materialized to a joyous reception as they launched into the group's hits "bootylicious" and "independent woman," and beyonce's solo smash "single ladies put a ring on it ." short and sweet, the regrouping was a highlight. the show guaranteed a boost for beyonce's busy spring: she's recording her fifth studio album, expected in ; she'll be the subject of a documentary profile, "life is but a dream," that premieres feb. on hbo; and she'll star as queen tara in the 3d animated film "epic," out may . to close the -minute set, beyonce regained the solo spotlight, kneeled on the stage and waved her long tresses for the emotional show-stopper "halo." and with her final note, mardi gras, which put its schedule on hold for the big game, resumed in earnest.
__label__non_math	0.9992	house intelligence committee chairman rep. mike rogers, r-mich., speaks to reporters during a news conference on capitol hill in washington, monday, . ap u.s. rep. mike rogers has joined a growing list of republicans who may run in for the senate seat that democrat carl levin plans to vacate. rogers, r-howell, has served in congress since , is chairman of the house intelligence committee and a former fbi agent. "i am giving the senate race serious consideration," rogers told the free press saturday. rogers joins other republicans such as former secretary of state terri lynn land who is also considering running for the seat, in addition to u.s. rep. justin amash, r-cascade township, who is said to be looking into running. gary peters, d-bloomfield township, said he is seriously considering a run as well. the -year-old levin, who has served in the senate since , announced thursday he would not seek a seventh term. the race is expected to draw significant national interest. republicans have not won a senate seat in michigan since .
__label__non_math	0.9981	"i got this bag in the light yellow color and it was amazing for the first two weeks i used it. the size is perfect for day trips and going out at night--can comfortably fit a couple makeup items, a small wallet, and a cell phone. got tons of compliments on it but i must say that my biggest complaint is the quality. though the color was lovely, it started to rub away at the back--where the bag was rubbing against my thigh and my jeans. and after only two weeks of fairly light usage, the little loops attaching the chain to the bag snapped i would say that if you only want to use this once in a while aka a night out here and there , it's worth it. but if you plan on using it often or daily, forget about it."
__label__non_math	0.5485	rated .out of 5 by rated out of 5 by fpalissamarie favorite pants these are probably my favorite pants that i own. they are soo comfortable and i love that you can dress them up or down. definitely size down, they run large and stretch a lot. i am a pretty standard size and went with the , and they fit perfectly rated out of 5 by ellcie love got these in the grey in a size after reading reviews im usually a and they fit perfect rated out of by staceyk excellent jeans alternative i purchased these pants the other day in the black w blue knee patches... i love them. i wish i could wear them every day. the black is more like a washed black charcoal grey and the blue is true to color as shown. i tried them on and purchased in the store so there were no surprised, but i originally saw them online. i was very happy with what the product looked like in person. as other reviewers say, these run big and have a low rise. not super huge and not super low. i usually wear a in skinny pants and i took a size and they are just the perfect amount of roomy. see photo . while i would recommend finding a store to try them on in, don't let that stop you from getting these. im seriously considering ordering the green w black patches now b c they are so comfortable. rated out of 5 by ldt perfect pants i have been debating on these for so long. i was a little concerned that the rise would be too low for my booty, but they fit perfect. i would say they run a little large in the waist and i could probably have gotten an but don't want to return the for fear the thighs would be too tight. they are cropped but not too short for ref i'm '" and are seasonless. i'm so glad that i finally decided to get these. i ordered the olive black combo and the color is true even the slight distressing. the fabric is softer than i was expecting too. rated out of 5 by karibari rugged i absolutely love these pants rated out of 5 by rosemary very comfy love these pants. bought the black and the olive. i usually wear a size , but after reading reviews, i purchased a size and both fit perfectly. they stretch slightly after being worn. i'm '" tall as well, and they fit just like the model - not too short in length. rated out of 5 by ashlynn i didn't like this.. i know these received great reviews, but i didn't like them at all. they sat too low for me and they were actually a light tight for me rated out of 5 by missile love the size runs large but it may just be the way they are intended to fit '", 138lbs, size . the're sized perfectly to hang lower on the waist with a relaxed casual feel but still have the skinnier-fit leg. most comfortable pants i've had in years. can dress them up or down... perfect.
__label__non_math	1.0000	visitors tourists subclass 651 676 679 976 who is this visa for? people who wish to visit australia for the purposes of a holiday, tourism, recreation, informal studies or to visit family members. what does this visa allow me to do? visit australia for non-work purposes for a period of up to three months over the validity of the visa. in some situations applicants can apply for a long-stay visa valid for up to months. basic requirements - organisation there are different requirements depending on the visa type applied for. generally applicants must: - have a genuine need to visit friends or family in australia, or for tourism or recreational purposes; - have no outstanding debts to the australian commonwealth; - in some cases applicants must provide evidence of sufficient funds to cover costs for the duration of their stay in australia; - be outside australia on visa approval if outside australia when lodged; - be inside australia on visa approval if inside australia when lodged; - in some instances be sponsored by a family member in australia; - meet health and character requirements; - health travel insurance is recommended. for further information please contact us
__label__non_math	0.9727	pretty run was started years ago when windows knew nothing about searching through the start menu. it helps you find shortcuts. many times we know we have a program somewhere in the start menu, but it takes too much time to locate its icon and run it. pretty run helps you with that as it searches the start menu, desktop or any other folder for the shortcuts or files that meet your query. with vista , windows has their own search box. but pretty run is now much more: search through internet explorer favorites search through firefox bookmarks search through chrome bookmarks search printers and start printer properties search through control panel items setup internet search engines and you can search internet with selected engine remember last items copied to clipboard and bring them back in case you need them search through mp3 files not file names but tags run a group of programs with one click setup your magic words and start favorite programs really quickly freewarefiles tested pretty run .104..168 on using leading antivirus scanners and found it clean. it does not contain any form of malware, spyware, viruses, trojans, etc. we will re-test each updated version and remove the award as well as the program if found infected.
__label__non_math	1.0000	bring your bucks and your biceps over to roberta s backyard this weekend for the second flex: ladies arm wrestling competition. eight decked-out lady wrestlers will compete in a round-robin style tournament to see who s the strongest, and who plays the dirtiest. outrageous costumes and betting? they re strongly encouraged. even better? the event is free, and net proceeds go to support providence house a not-for-profit organization founded by the sisters of st. joseph that helps transform the lives of homeless, abused, and formerly incarcerated women and their children one family at a time. the five borough ladies arm wrestling league is a part of a national network of ladies arm wrestling league. we sat down with the last bout s champion, jackie o nasty, and organizer kate mcneely to get their take on what makes a champion.
__label__non_math	0.9973	the blueair 600 series cleans more air, more efficiently. in rooms as large as 640 sq. ft. in size, the patented two-stage hepasilent technology captures . of .micron particles, including allergy-provoking pollen grains, dust mites, mold spores and pet dander particles. the blueair 600 series is the ideal system for people living with allergies, asthma, other respiratory conditions or for anyone who wants cleaner, more breathable air. advances in fan and filter design have dramatically improved efficiency, earning the new 600 series even better clean air delivery rates than the original 'best of class 500' series. the efficient surroundair vent system delivers exceptional air exchange performance without annoying drafts.
__label__non_math	0.9994	average of more clean air across all fan speeds more on top speeds. average of less noise across all fan speeds. our quietest air purifiers ever. new technology extends the life of our pre-filters and hyperhepa filter. the swiss-based iqair corporation has been the industry leader in the development and manufacturing of the most exceptional and superior air purification products on the market today. with more than years of experience in the design and crafting of ultra-high efficiency swiss-built, air purification systems, iqair offers complete clean air solutions for a wide range of applications, including residential, offices, schools, hospitals and other critical environments. iqair's innovations stem from its own research, development and manufacturing which is conducted completely in-house. this approach has led to products and solutions which set new standards in performance, purity and quality. iqair s production facility is located in switzerland near the shores of lake constance, miles east of zurich. by using the highest quality components and cutting edge technology, a dedicated team of air quality experts, engineers and skilled craftsmen have lead iqair to be able to build the finest air cleaning products in the world. every production step and every part is skillfully made and assembled at iqair's state-of-the-art manufacturing facility. for more than years, iqair has remained at the cutting edge of indoor air purification. we lead, others follow. in , iqair introduced the first home air cleaning system and started an industry that we continue to lead today. our swiss-based design and manufacturing team produced the first home air purifiers capable of achieving a reading no particles coming out of the air outlet using sophisticated laser particle counters. in addition to extraordinary research, development and design, iqair is committed to reaching new levels of manufacturing precision and excellence. we manufacture all iqair systems in our own state-of-the-art production facility in switzerland. by using the highest quality components, a dedicated team of skilled craftspeople, and state-of-the-art manufacturing processes, we continue to build the best value and highest quality air cleaning products in the world. iqair founder klaus hammes who started the business with his brother manfred , can still be found on the production line inspecting air cleaners. from our family to yours, iqair s swiss quality assurance provides you with the very best air cleaner you ll ever own. only iqair delivers unrivaled performance and superior value. iqair systems are more powerful than any other air purifiers around, yet they are energy efficient and cost effective. while less expensive air filters only last weeks or months, our hyperhepa filters last up to four years under normal conditions. while other air purifiers begin to lose their effectiveness the moment you turn them on, our systems actually retain or increase effectiveness over time. and our room air purifiers feature a sophisticated control panel that alerts you when it s time to change filters, and not a moment earlier. iqair air purifiers feature the safest, healthiest and most effective way to clean the air. our industry-leading technology is recommended by government agencies and leading health organizations. iqair systems produce no ozone, ions, chemicals, uv or any other dangerous byproducts. we never take chances with your family s health, and we always provide superior technology and value. that is why iqair is the smartest choice. when it comes to performance, value and reliability, the only decision you have to make is selecting the right iqair system for your needs. the revolutionary iqair healthpro plus is designed with a four-stage filtration process that cleans the full spectrum of airborne pollutants. premax pre-filter air is drawn in at the bottom of the system and into the pre-filter. the premax pre-filter eliminates coarse and fine particles such as pollen, pet dander and mold spores. v5-cell advanced gas odor control the two-stage v5-cell gas odor filter uses dual media to filter a wider spectrum of volatile organic compounds the cause of odors and other harmful chemical vapors. granular activated carbon adsorption and pelletized chemisorption work together to go beyond conventional activated carbon filters found in ordinary air purifiers. hyperhepa filter the unequaled iqair hyperhepa filter eliminates fine and ultrafine particles, including bacteria, viruses and highway exhaust particles. the clean air is then expelled through the evenflowtm diffuser and distributed throughout the room. the iqair healthpro series is the most popular iqair series among customers as well as being our best selling line. the iqair healthpro plus is one of the highest rated air purifiers in the industry and has received more best air purifier reviews and awards than any other air purifier on the market today. the iqair healthpro plus effectively controls particles, dust, allergens, smoke, chemicals, voc's and odors. unlike iqair , most other air purifier brands only filter particles larger than .microns in size. however, of all ultra fine particles present in a home are smaller than .microns. this means that many air purifiers are only filtering of the total particles in one's air. the iqair healthpro series features hyperhepa filtration technology for superior airborne particle removal. iqair's hyperhepa filtration is tested and certified to filter ultra-fine pollution particles down to .003 microns in size with a guaranteed minimum efficiency of over . . this is 100 times smaller than what is achieved with ordinary air filtration technology and is also times smaller than a virus. it is these facts which allow the 'healthpro series' air purifiers to capture the ultra fine particles that other air purifiers completely miss. the iqair healthpro plus has earned the influential, parent tested, parent approved ptpa media inc. seal of approval award. in an independent series of tests conducted by actual parents, the healthpro plus gained the highest marks in effectiveness, customer satisfaction, and overall cost of ownership. manufacturers like iqair are really trying to make a higher quality product for a more discerning consumer, said sharon vinderine president . parent tested, parent approved ptpa media inc. provides parents with an objective resource to discover, appraise and promote new products designed for children and families. the iqair healthpro plus passed newsweek s toughest test the iqair healthpro plus has received consumer s digest s prestigious best buy award several years running. consumer s digest found the iqair healthpro plus to be ideal for allergy sufferers and praised its ability to clean the air in large spaces. "we are honored to partner with the american lung association ala ," says frank hammes. "they are the world s most reputable organization committed to lung health. we share a common vision of providing superior scientific information on creating healthier indoor environments." the ala s partnership with iqair will combine iqair s -year commitment to air cleaning quality with the ala s 100-year commitment to preventing lung disease and promoting a cleaner environment. this partnership demonstrates iqair s dedication to providing the public with accurate and useful information and effective air purification systems. when the popular television series "body invaders: allergies" by the discovery health channel set out to examine the world of air cleaning, their product reviewers announced on the air that the iqair healthpro plus was the only air purifier they tested that would give a "" zero reading on a particlescan test. this meant that their advanced testing equipment could find no particles escaping from the powerful hyperhepa filtration of the healthpro plus. for several years now iqair has been the air purifier of choice "to create the cleanest homes of america" in the nationally viewed abc television program "extrememakeover: home edition". since , iqair has been installing air purification systems in these homes, including at the home of a girl whose immune system was significantly weakened due to a heart transplant. since then, iqair has installed many other iqair systems during the course of later episodes. proving that their air purification technology has been vital in ensuring the healthiest and cleanest air. winner of the "best buy" award. the team of experts at consumer guide reviews thousands of products each year according to different criteria. the iqair healthpro plus received a global score of "excellent" and was crowned a "best buy", offering the best in value and quality. the iqair healthpro plus was rated the air purifier by wired magazine, which reaches .million readers every month. in the september issue, wired columnist scott taves tested a number of air purifiers with a laser particle counter and found that the iqair healthpro plus "produced air that contained no particles .micron or larger common allergens, germs, and most dust ." wired magazine's conclusion: "this swiss-made model turns your house into a clean room." the healthpro plus received a phenomenal rating of 4 points out of , the highest rating of any air purifier the healthpro plus has been awarded reviewboard magazine s editor s choice award best of the best for two consecutive years in a row. reviewboard magazine has reviewed more than ,000 products and the healthpro plus was the first product the magazine had ever selected twice for this award. reviewboard magazine also named the perfect their product of the year. reviewboard s product reviews are read each year by 110 million readers in countries. reviewboard s editor-in-chief, phillip ferreira, says the perfect is the most effective air cleaning system we have ever tested. we tested the gc multigas in less-than-laboratory, but smokier-than-average conditions in the cigar aficionado offices, and found it performed admirably under the strain. the unit quickly cleared smoke out of a small office, and soon after the traces of cigar were unnoticeable. stiftung warentest s test magazine is sponsored by the german government and is considered the toughest and most prestigious review magazine in germany. test awarded the iqair healthpro plus the highest rating for particle filtration ever and judged it the overall winner in its comprehensive air cleaner test. in a comparison of air cleaners the iqair healthpro plus was found to remove airborne dust particles twice as quickly as the next best device. consumer search reviews the reviewers and says the iqair healthpro plus is the best option for people with severe allergies. after looking at the many product reviews that have been done on the healthpro plus, consumer search said that iqair is clearly . the healthpro plus was not just one of the most reviewed air purifiers - it was the air purifier that every reviewer selected as the best product in the air purifier category. in , and again in , esquire selected iqair to provide their revolutionary whole-house air purification system, the perfect . "they not only wanted to create a house of breathtaking beauty and dimension, they also wanted to create one of america's healthiest homes with state-of-the-art air purification", says frank hammes, president of iqair north america. they chose the perfect because it exceeds merv - the highest level of filtration recognized by the american society of heating and refrigeration engineers ashrae . the result is that the air in the home is virtually free of dust, pollen, allergens, and other indoor air pollutants. the perfect is the first whole-house air cleaning system to achieve a merv16 rating the very highest merv rating possible. merv stands for minimum efficiency reporting value. the merv rating system was designed by the american society of heating, refrigerating, and air conditioning engineers ashrae , and it establishes how well an air filtration system cleans the air. the lowest merv rating is , and the best potential merv rating is . until the perfect , a merv rating was never achieved by a residential whole-house air cleaning system. this ultra-high level of air filtration efficiency had previously only been possible in hospitals and multi-million dollar cleanrooms. now iqair makes this level of ltration available in your home. ozone is a lung irritant and asthma trigger that is emitted by many air cleaning systems. even small amounts of ozone are undesirable for people with allergies and asthma. the iqair healthpro plus is ozone-free. it is certified by the iaacm international association of air cleaner manufacturers to produce absolutely no ozone. ozone is a lung irritant that is emitted from ionic air cleaners. even small amounts of ozone are undesirable for allergy and asthma sufferers. the perfect is certified by the international association of air cleaner manufacturers iaacm to produce absolutely no ozone. it is ozone-free.
__label__non_math	1.0000	it s amazing how much a new light can change the look and feel of a room, both in terms of adding a different lighting perspective, and in adding a fresh design statement in its own right. that s certainly the case with this glass bubble pendant light. it will help light up your room and it looks fantastic. the pendant light is adorned with an array of large and small clear bubbles made from glass, surrounding a single light in the middle. hang it in a dining room to light up meal times, use it in a hallway to brighten up those oft-overlooked areas or use it in your living room as a statement lighting piece. tags: contemporary lighing, dwell, feature lighting, fresh design, glass bubble, glass pendant light, hallway light, hallway lighting, home lighting, lamp, pendant light, pendant lighting, statement lighting
__label__non_math	0.9997	the beginning of my next quilt and my first solids quilt eight of the solids used in this new quilt are from this moda cross weave bundle at the fabric quarter. flamingo, lipstick, scarlet, coral, apple, spearmint, ocean, sky. the tan is essex linen in sand, purchased from keri at sew deerly loved on etsy. the white is kona white. the colors are so fresh and the fabric is lightweight, i think this will be the perfect quilt for spring. my iron died this week which really put a damper on my ability to sew much of anything, but a new one has arrived so i am back in business. more to come soon
__label__math	0.8053	uspto class 358 facsimile and static presentation processing august inventions list 11below are recently published patent applications awaiting approval from the uspto. recent week's rss xml file available below. listing for abstract view: uspto application , title, abstract excerpt,patent agent. listing format for list view: uspto national class full category number, title of the patent application. patent applications in patent subcategories. inventions list - glyph-looking alphabet for vipp specialty imaging fonts: a method of defining a glyph font character representing an input binary code includes defining a first portion of a matrix using an input binary code including a plurality of input bits. a second portion of the matrix is defined by performing a transformation on the input binary code so... agent: xerox corporation - controlling a configuration of an image forming apparatus: a method and system for printing documents based on java commands. a java printer receives page layout requests and converts the requests into a rasterized image which is transferred to a recording medium. page layout can be interactively modified. the java printer also monitors print requests and is configurable using... agent: - image forming apparatus and method of the same: when a sheet p is jammed after start of a print job, it is determined whether an automatic resumption mode for automatically resuming the print job is set. when a determination result of this determination is affirmative, the print job is resumed after the jam is released. when the determination... agent: toshiba tec kabushiki kaisha - image processing apparatus for shutting down power supply in safe: in an image processing apparatus, a power control part shuts down power supply after a power shutdown condition is established. a prescript safe state transition part performs a prescript safe state transition process to shift previously set prescript parts to a predetermined safe state. a priority safe state transition part... agent: ricoh company, ltd. - image processing apparatus, image processing method, and recording medium: more complex processing control is performed based on a plurality of image codes included in an original document. an image processing apparatus wherein if an analysis result of a first image code included in the original document includes information indicating scanning prohibition, a second image code included in the original... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - image processing device, image processing system, and computer readable medium: an image processing device includes an acceptance section, an information acquisition section, a generating section, and an output section. the acceptance section accepts image data to be processed. the information acquisition section acquires plural pieces of information relevant to copy-restriction images and corresponding to plural kinds of copying devices configured... agent: fuji xerox co., ltd. - printer and method of controlling the same: according to one embodiment, a printer includes a sensing unit configured to detect biometric information of a user, and an authentication unit configured to authenticate the user identified by the detected biometric information. the printer further includes a determination unit configured to determine product-related processes which the authenticated user is... agent: toshiba tec kabushiki kaisha - configuration data management system, printer, and electronic device control method: an electronic device includes a storage unit that stores configuration data related to the electronic device, a configuration data writing unit that writes configuration data from the storage unit to the external storage device when electronic device power turns off, a configuration data updating unit that, after the configuration data... agent: seiko epson corporation - device management system, managed device, information providing method, and storage medium: a device management system includes a managed device and a device management apparatus. the device management apparatus includes an information acquisition unit requesting device information from the managed device. the managed device includes a storage unit, a first information source managing device information that is available via a communication protocol,... agent: ricoh company, ltd. - display input device, image forming apparatus, and display method of the display input device: a display input device includes a display unit which displays a plurality of types of functions as set items, a program which is called to control the display unit to display a screen for setting set items selected and registered in advance, a storage unit which stores information about whether... agent: kyocera mita corporation - document management system and method: described herein is a document management system and method comprising associating a graphic image with document processing information with an electronic document and further processing at least one of the graphic image and electronic document in accordance with the document processing information.... agent: - guide display apparatus and guide display method: a guide display apparatus includes a display portion, an input portion, a guide display portion, a pop-up display control portion, a setting column display portion, and a setting command portion. the guide display portion makes the display portion display a guide screen explaining an operation procedure of an apparatus. the... agent: toshiba tec kabushiki kaisha - image forming apparatus, image forming system, and method of private printing: there is provided an image forming apparatus includes: a list transmitting unit configured to transmit a handling user list to the first terminal device; an inquiring unit configured to make an inquiry, when notification indicating that a specified handling user is selected, to a second terminal device to which the... agent: kyocera mita corporation - image handling apparatus, image processing system, image process controlling method, and image process controlling program product: an image handling apparatus is disclosed, including an operation panel, hardware resources, a transferring part, and an image generation controlling part. the transferring part transfers image handle information input at the input screen to an external apparatus. the image generation controlling part receives and parses image generation information for at... agent: - image processing device and image processing method: in conventional printing in which image data is page-spooled and printed, the spool memory is increasing with the progression of higher resolutions. also, there is the problem that it is difficult to guarantee image generating processing that is synchronized with a high-speed print engine in a vector format structure which... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - image processing system, image processing system control method, and storage medium: an image processing system including a service platform configured to manage a job related to image processing according to a processing request received via a request receiving program in a distributed environment and one or more computers configured to cause a back-end processing program to process the job, including an... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - information processing apparatus, information processing method, and storage medium: an information processing apparatus determines whether setting value data corresponding to the identification information of the received printer data is present in a storage unit, stores setting value data containing the identification information, the character string information, and the version information in the storage unit when it is determined that... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - network system, network system control method, and storage medium: a network system includes a first processing unit configured to accept a request transmitted from a client computer and register a job that processes the accepted request into a storage unit. the first processing unit includes one or a plurality of processing units. the network system further includes a second... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - operation panel for image processing apparatus and image processing apparatus having operation panel: an operation panel includes: a display that displays a plurality of setting items for use of a function of the image processing apparatus on a screen; an item selection key that allows a user to select from the plurality of items displayed on the screen of the display; and a... agent: konica minolta business technologies, inc. - print control method and apparatus: upon designating bookbinding print, preview images are displayed in a layout after bookbinding. when store of intermediate data is designated in a print process, a spooler 302 stores intermediate data and an output job setup file in a spool file 303 . when the stored job is selected, a previewer 306 ... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - printer driver device, print job generating method, and print system: generally, according to an embodiment, a printer driver device includes a print instruction accepting unit which accepts a print start instruction on a print setting screen on an application side, a first display unit, and a job generating unit. the first display unit displays, on a display device, a first... agent: toshiba tec kabushiki kaisha - printing system, cloud computing system, printing system control method, and storage medium: a cloud computing system includes an input data storage unit, a data input unit, an output data storage unit, and a data extraction unit. when an execution instruction is externally input, the cloud computing system reads data from the input data storage unit and processes the read data. then, the... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - storage device, substrate, liquid container, host device, and system: a storage device includes a storage section, a storage control section that controls access of the storage section, a control section that performs a process of communicating with a host device, and first to k-th k is an integer of or more terminals. the control section outputs, to the... agent: seiko epson corporation - storage device, substrate, liquid container, host device, and system: a storage device includes a storage section, a storage control section that controls access of the storage section, a control section that performs a process of communicating with a host device, a data terminal, a reset terminal, and a clock terminal. the control section outputs a control signal for setting,... agent: seiko epson corporation - page layout control device, image processing apparatus, page layout control method, and computer readable medium: a page layout control device having a receiving unit that receives booklet designation information for printing two pages on each of both sides of a recording sheet and saddle-stitching as printing information for printing on a single recording sheet; a booklet page layout processing unit that carries out page layout... agent: fuji xerox co., ltd. - system for creating medium having image laid out thereon, method for controlling the system, information processing apparatus in the system, and method for controlling the information processing apparatus: a preferred method is provided for promoting sales in a system that is designed for creating a medium having one or more images laid out thereon. more specifically, an image removed from a predetermined layout frame by an image replacement operation during a layout operation for laying out an image... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - hybrid printer and scan image copying method: when using image scanners to capture images of originals and using printers to print same, four-sided borderless copying is enabled such that margins do not appear on printouts. an image scanner might capture an image corresponding to scan region 263 which might be somewhat larger than original 262. image processing... agent: seiko epson corporation - image forming system, image forming method, and image forming apparatus that transfers a setting values set: an image forming apparatus stores a setting values set including core data independent of a model of the image forming apparatus and non-core data not included in the core data; writes the core data on another image forming apparatus without change, and if the model of the image forming apparatus... agent: kyocera mita corporation - method for printing a simplex print job in between images of a duplex print job: a method for transferring images, to media sheets, of a simplex print job including a simplex image and a duplex print job including a first image and a second image received at an image forming apparatus having a duplexer and a media path having a duplex portion. during printing the... agent: - handheld printer: a handheld printer that provides an appropriate application of ink to a print medium without a bulky and complex mechanical system for positioning a print head with respect to the print medium. a handheld printer according to the present teachings includes a navigation subsystem that tracks a motion of the... agent: - image forming apparatus and storing medium: an image forming apparatus comprising: a formation unit; a control unit configured to control the formation unit to form a first batch and a second batch; a detection unit configured to detect detection values for marks in relation with position information of the respective marks in the first direction; a... agent: brother kogyo kabushiki kaisha - apparatus, method, and computer program product for forming images: a disclosed image forming apparatus for color printing includes a generator unit configured to generate dot sequential data as printing data based on received pdl color data, an image adjustment-conversion unit configured to carry out image adjustment processing and or image conversion processing on the printing data generated by the generator... agent: ricoh company, ltd. - image forming apparatus for identifying undesirable toner placement: a method and apparatus for printing data on a print medium is disclosed. the apparatus is configured to format print data to pixel data, the pixel data including pixel values; identify a grid of pixels having a predetermined pattern of pixel values; obtain predetermined pcode grid from memory for the... agent: - image processing apparatus and method that perform multiple image processes, and storage medium: an image processing apparatus that can decompress image data in appropriate manners suitable for a plurality of processes, and simplify and speed up the processes. blocks of image data are compressed, and information indicative of procedures of the processes to be performed on the blocks of image data by a... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - imaging device calibration system and method: one or more imaging device calibration methods and systems are disclosed. according to one embodiment, a calibration system and method includes the application of one or more white colorants on a high optical density media prior to application of calibration targets. the system and method allow for calibration of the... agent: - method and apparatus for detecting a size and shape of media on which image data is to be printed in an image production device: a method and apparatus for detecting a size and shape of media on which image data is to be printed in an image production device is disclosed. the method may include receiving a request to print a print job, scanning image data for the print job, feeding media on which... agent: xerox corporation - method of reducing the amount of black in an image: a method of reducing the amount of black in an image is disclosed. the method is using a computer to reduce the amount of or eliminate the black in an original digital image. the major procedure is to increase the pixels of the original digital image by four or nine... agent: - printing apparatus and control method and computer readable medium: when a color selected for use in printing an additional image is not included in colors selected for normal printing, the color for the additional image is changed to an appropriate color, and an increase in cost is avoided. in the color deciding process, a controller examines a color mode... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - image forming apparatus: an mfp places, in a standby state, a printing job a first printing job corresponding to a predetermined attribute among accepted printing jobs. a printing job other than the first printing job a second printing job is immediately processed. then, the first printing job placed in a standby state is... agent: brother kogyo kabushiki kaisha - image processing apparatus and method for applying selected security processing to user selected first and second image: a processing apparatus, method and medium storing a computer program that combine two or more designated images s1254 , and input the type of security process to be performed for the combined image s1253 . the security process is performed for the combined image using the information associated with the input type... agent: c o canon kabushiki kaisha - image-reading apparatus and image-forming apparatus: an image-reading apparatus includes a gain correction processing portion, and a gain setting control portion including a setting portion that sets a gain condition, the gain setting control portion: repeatedly sets the gain condition in the setting portion at predetermined time intervals, and records the set gain condition in the... agent: kyocera mita corporation - image reading device and image forming apparatus: a memory storage section in which a memory attachment section is provided is provided in a place of a platen which place is to be covered with a platen cover. this makes it possible to prevent a young child from accidentally detaching a portable recording medium detachably attached to an... agent: - optical scanning apparatus, drive control circuit, and writing control method: an optical scanning apparatus for projecting an image by scanning a light beam from a light source includes a mirror for scanning the light beam from the light source by being oscillated at resonance frequency and a drive control part controlling a timing for activating the light source. the drive... agent: mitsumi electric co., ltd. - image processing apparatus and image reading apparatus: an image processing apparatus including, a light source for reading for applying light onto an original to read, a light source for erasing for applying light of specific wavelength onto the original to decolorize image area, having been printed with color-changing agent having characteristic to become colorless by the light,... agent: konica minolta business technologies, inc. - optical scanner and image forming apparatus: an optical scanner includes: a light reflecting section having light reflectivity; a movable section which includes the light reflecting section and can be displaced; two link sections connected to positions of ends of the movable section, the positions facing each other; a supporting section supporting the link sections; and a... agent: seiko epson corporation - sheet-fed laptop scanner: a sheet fed scanner integral to a laptop computer including a scanning apparatus embedded in the hinged edge of the monitor and a roller assembly embedded in the body of the laptop. the medium to be scanned is fed below the scanning medium by the roller assembly and scanned by... agent: - image scanning device capable of obtaining at high speed a scanned image of high quality and appropriate magnification, image scanning method, image formation apparatus, and recording medium: an image scanning device includes a first scanner scanning a top side of a transported document at a first scanning position to obtain a first scanned image, a second scanner scanning the back side of the transported document at a second scanning position to obtain a second scanned image, a... agent: konica minolta business technologies, inc. - image reading apparatus: an image reading apparatus which performs shading correction using black reference data, wherein in the process of obtaining the black reference data, the image reading apparatus includes a reading control section that outputs a shift pulse which is the start timing of charge accumulation corresponding to each rgb color and... agent: seiko epson corporation08 patent applications in patent subcategories. inventions list - font reproduction in electronic documents: a method, system, and computer program product for font reproduction in electronic documents are provided. the method includes: receiving an image of a printed document; extracting pairs of consecutive characters from the image of the printed document; storing the extracted pairs as images of the characters; and reproducing the printed... agent: international business machines corporation - display device, electronic device and image processing apparatus including the display device, and method of displaying information: on a touch-panel display of an image forming apparatus, pieces of information are displayed divided into five areas, that is, a system area , a function selecting area , a preview area , an action panel area and a task trigger area , of which arrangement is kept unchanged even... agent: sharp kabushiki kaisha - display device, electronic device and image processing apparatus including the display device, and method of displaying information: on a touch-panel display of an image forming apparatus, a function selecting area and a preview area are displayed next to each other. on the function selecting area, a function setting menu is displayed in one display mode among an icon mode in which only a group of icons are... agent: sharp kabushiki kaisha - autograph system: apparatus for use with a plurality of marks and by a user is disclosed. the apparatus comprises a storage facility, an interface facility and a delivery facility. the storage facility, in use, is in receipt of mark data records, each of said mark data records being representative of a respective... agent: - facsimile device and program product for facsimile printing: it is intended to provide a facsimile device and a program product for facsimile printing capable of surely making a user know receipt of an irregular e-mail such as an error mail or the like, without requiring extra volume of memory, while preventing waste of paper. when an e-mail is... agent: minolta company, ltd. - printer and printing method using the same: a printer includes a memory configured to store a message to be displayed in a help display mode to handle an error detected in an execution mode and to store a setting mode in which a setting program associated with the message is performed, a display configured to display the... agent: toshiba tec kabushiki kaisha - halftone bit depth dependent digital image compression: image processing methods and systems wherein a compression strategy for a digital image is determined using a halftone bit depth. in one aspect of the invention, an imaging node comprises a processor, a storage element communicatively coupled with the processor and a print engine communicatively coupled with the processor, wherein... agent: - image combining apparatus and method for aligning positions of images: an image combining apparatus, which is connected with a white-board device, and an image projecting device, includes an image outputting section for outputting the projective image data to the image projecting device, an operation section for designating any position on a projected image, an image processing section for generating projective... agent: konica minolta business technologies, inc. - image forming system, control method, recording medium, and program: an image forming system has an image forming apparatus which has a printing unit which can perform a printing process of data of a storage unit which can store data of a plurality of jobs and which has a conveying unit which can convey a sheet from the print unit... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - image processing apparatus, control method for controlling image processing apparatus, and storage medium: an image processing apparatus may execute a process defined in a job ticket. the image processing apparatus includes a holding unit to hold a job ticket defining a plurality of processes. a display control unit of the image processing apparatus performs control to display, on a display unit, pieces of... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - information processing apparatus, information processing method and program: there is a problem that operability is not considered for an image forming apparatus in which multiple web applications are installed. an information processing apparatus determines, upon occurrence of an error during execution of a job instructed through a first web application among the web applications, whether or not a... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - operation console providing a plurality of operation methods for one command, electronic device and image processing apparatus provided with the operation console, and method of operation: in an image forming apparatus including a touch-panel display allowing a touch operation and a gesture operation, in order to enable easy customization of print setting screen image, a cpu of the image forming apparatus executes a program including: the step of displaying the print setting screen image in the... agent: - operation console, and electronic device and image processing apparatus provided with the operation console: an operation unit of an image forming apparatus having a plurality of operation modes, allowing accurate and easy input by the user requesting switching of display to a screen image allowing selection of an operation mode, includes: a pilot lamp, a touch-panel display, and hardware keys including a power key,... agent: - operation console, and electronic device and image processing apparatus provided with the operation console: an operation console used in relation to an apparatus as an object of control operated by a user operation includes: a display device having a display area for displaying information to the user; an input device for the user to input a request; and a display control device displaying, if... agent: - printers and printer systems having cellular input output: a method includes receiving, with a printer, a cellular communication from a cellular device that provides an indication of a resource that is to be printed by the printer; accessing, with the printer, a network via which the resource can be retrieved; using the indication to retrieve the resource via... agent: - printing: a method of printing comprising: storing a plurality of sets of linearization data for a printhead ; ; ; with each set corresponding to a different history of usage of the printhead; monitoring s210 the history of usage of the printhead; selecting s220 , prior to printing, from said... agent: - printing apparatus, server, printing system, control method for printing apparatus, and storage medium storing control program therefor: a printing apparatus, which is capable of making effective use of the extended setting set up once without performing the extended setting each time, and is capable of improving user's convenience. a printing apparatus is connected to an information processing apparatus that instructs printing execution, is connected to a server... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - printing method using multiple processors: a method of converting data for printing using a computer is disclosed herein. the computer comprises a first processor having first memory associated therewith and second processor having second memory associated therewith. the method includes converting at least a portion of a page in a printer defined language to a... agent: - printing system, job processing method, and storage medium: a printing system includes a receive controller that enables by using a user interface unit an input of an instruction during performing of first print processing with a print apparatus, and an operation controller that enables the print apparatus to perform check processing before completion of the first print processing... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - received document input and output device and input and output method of received document: a received document input and output device connected to a network and using a plurality of communication protocols, the document input and output device communicating documents in various data forms with a plurality of information devices, includes a storing part configured to store the documents received via a communication part;... agent: - woven pattern image processing apparatus and woven pattern image processing method: according to one embodiment, a woven pattern image processing apparatus includes: a woven-pattern-image-generation-area designating unit configured to arbitrarily designate one or plural woven pattern image generation areas in one page of a print sheet; a woven pattern image pattern memory configured to store at least a sign string appearing pattern... agent: toshiba tec kabushiki kaisha - control program and image forming apparatus: disclosed is an image forming apparatus, which makes it possible to establish the register mark printing function easily and securely to print the register mark under the condition in conformity with the page arranging mode. the apparatus includes: a display section that displays a page-arranging function setting screen from which... agent: konica minolta business technologies, inc. - image processing apparatus and setting method used in image processing apparatus: according to one embodiment, an image processing apparatus has a storage unit, a display unit, a display control unit, a setting log saving unit, a determination unit, and an updating unit. the storage unit stores default settings. the display unit displays setting contents reflecting the default settings. the display control... agent: toshiba tec kabushiki kaisha - method and apparatus for processing image: according to one embodiment, an image processing apparatus including a preview image creating section configured to create a preview image corresponding to image data, a display section configured to display the preview image, an additional image input section configured to acquire and store image data to be added to the... agent: toshiba tec kabushiki kaisha - method and test element for determining characterization data of a printing process and apparatus for carrying out the method: a method for calculating characterization data of a printing process, is more manageable and less complicated than previously-known methods, in which determining printing tables for cmyk printing systems with special colors or for multicolor systems easily becomes unwieldy and complicated because of necessary colored areas in test elements. a test... agent: heidelberger druckmaschinen ag - print data generation apparatus, printing apparatus and program: a print data generation apparatus for generating a print data which causes an image indicated to be printed and a first mark, being printed by using a color erasable print material whose color is erasable by exposing to specific wavelength light, to be printed on a same recording sheet.... agent: konica minolta business technologies, inc. - printing device and control method and program for printing device: a printer device has a two-sided printing function and a circulatory transporting path for transporting a printing medium. the printer device is configured such that after creating a set of print data for a first recording surface to be printed with two-sided printing, the printer device adds a set of... agent: seiko epson corporation - method and device for processing value documents: the invention relates to an apparatus and a method for processing value documents. a value document is input to the input opening of an apparatus for value-document processing and transported using a transport system of the apparatus to an image sensor which senses a partial image of the value document.... agent: glesecke devrient gmbh - image processing apparatus,image processing circuit and image processing method: an image processing apparatus performs filtering on block image data that is a predetermined region of original image data using a filter having a main scanning width of n and a sub-scanning width of m. using a register that can shift image data in a plurality of directions, the image... agent: seiko epson corporation - scan solution system: a document data producing part produces document data in which first meta data is embedded based on a document template and a data source; a printing part prints the document data in a paper document; a scanning part obtains a scanned image from scanning the paper document after predetermined processing... agent: - illuminating device, image-reading apparatus provided with the illuminating device, and image-forming apparatus provided with the image-reading apparatus: the present invention provides an illuminating device including a plurality of light-emitting elements arranged in a line, the illuminating device illuminates an irradiation target by irradiating the irradiation target with light that is emitted from the light-emitting elements via a first and a second optical paths. in the illuminating device,... agent: - image reading apparatus: an image reading apparatus includes a conveying unit for conveying documents one by one, a first reading unit for optically reading the conveyed document through a first transparent member provided at a first reading position on a conveying path in the conveying unit, a first cleaning unit for cleaning the... agent: konica minolta business technologies, inc. - image reading apparatus: a image reading apparatus includes a first conveyance unit which is configured to convey a document to a reading position of a platen while pinching the document, a second conveyance unit arranged on a downstream of the platen and configured to convey the document, an upstream rotary member arranged between... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - image reading device and image forming apparatus: an adf defines a document feed path inclined downwardly from above a document platen. feeding means is disposed downstream of a first reading glass plate and accommodated in a downwardly protruding portion. the protruding portion is accommodated in a dent portion of an image reading unit. the feeding means includes... agent: - sheet processing device and facsimile machine: an object of the present invention is to prevent a sheet tray from opening against the user's will when a cover is in an open state without adding a complicated mechanism. in a facsimile machine , a recording paper tray is provided with a projecting section turning in... agent: - laser driving device, optical scanning device, image forming apparatus, and laser driving method: a laser driving device that drives a semiconductor laser based on a light-emitting signal includes an expansion circuit that expands a pulse width of the light-emitting signal based on a known difference between the pulse width of the light-emitting signal and a lighting pulse width of the semiconductor laser when... agent: patent applications in patent subcategories. inventions list - automated positioning of printed images: a method of calibrating a printing system for positioning at least one printed image, the printing system includes a first image bearing surface, the method includes: a forming a background pattern and at least three fiducials on the first image bearing surface, wherein the background pattern is larger than a... agent: xerox corporation - image forming apparatus, control method for the same, and storage medium for program: if data is received from the information processing apparatus when the main control unit is in the second power state, it is determined, based on the received data, whether to i cause the main control unit to revert to the first power state or to ii cause the sub control... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - image processing apparatus, information processing apparatus, and information output method: in a composite machine provided with a copy mode and a print mode, an operation history of each operation mode is accurately timed and log information concerning an electric power of the composite machine for processing various jobs such as the copy mode and the print mode is prepared based... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - information processing method and information processing apparatus: the data conversion unit of a printer driver makes a copy of a spool file in pdf and stores it as pdf data in an external storage device. the raster data creation unit of the printer driver acquires pdf data stored by the data conversion unit, and creates... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - print view with easy page removal: a computer readable medium having a computer program which when installed on a computer having applications which can be commanded to print and which place pages in a print queue, causes a print command to result in a display of pages and which permits a user to remove any of... agent: - control point, image forming apparatus, and method for sending fax data using fax data transmission function of the image forming apparatus: an image forming apparatus is provided. the image forming apparatus is requested by a connectable control point to execute a fax job, and includes a communication interface which is requested by a connectable control point to execute a fax job, and receives content corresponding to the fax job; a tti... agent: samsung electronics co., ltd. - display input device, image forming apparatus, and display method of the display input device: a display input device includes a storage unit which stores a program for controlling to display a screen for setting a set item that is selected and registered in advance by calling, an input unit which accepts a setting input, and a display unit which displays a combination image in... agent: kyocera mita corporation - framework that supports driverless printing: the disclosed embodiments provide a system that facilitates driverless printing. this system includes a discovery component configured to identify accessible printers and to facilitate selection of an accessible printer, wherein the discovery component is also configured to obtain capability information from accessible printers. the system also includes a transport component... agent: apple inc. - image forming apparatus, control method therefor, and storage medium: an image forming apparatus which can avert wasteful processing of disconnection from and reconnection to the same host when a currently-connected host and a host that should be connected next are the same. when a print request is received from one of a plurality of hosts, host information indicative of... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - image processing apparatus and method for controlling the apparatus: the present invention provides a technology allowing a user to selectively print a web page for a mobile terminal or for a pc. to accomplish this, an image processing apparatus connected to a mobile terminal and a web server accepts designation information, which designates how a web page is printed,... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - monitoring device, image forming device, system including these devices connected and method for monitoring the same: a monitoring device for an image forming device receives from the image forming device usage information indicating a history of manipulations by a user and reduction information indicating that the image forming device is operating in a reduction mode. when having received reduction information, the monitoring device determines the priority... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - page parallel rip with interleaved chunks: systems and methods are described that facilitate distributing a raster image processing task for an input file e.g., an electronic document across a plurality of nodes e.g., computers in a network. the input file is received at a first node, which becomes the controlling node and splits the pages of... agent: xerox corporation - print control method and device: a print control method and device, wherein the method includes: monitoring a print system port, storing a print task at a preset memory address in the form of job file when the print task exists at the print system port; querying the memory address on schedule, determining the target job... agent: shandong new beiyang information technology co., l td - print job management apparatus, print job management method, and image forming apparatus: the printing order is controlled so that printouts are obtained from an image forming apparatus in the order in which the printing client transmitted print jobs. for this purpose, a print job received by the image forming apparatus is captured at the communication packet level and the date time... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - printing apparatus, printing method, and program: a printing apparatus according to the present invention comprises a generation unit configured to generate intermediate data based on a print job containing at least one or more reusable data and variable data for each of the reusable data, a conversion unit configured to convert the intermediate data generated by... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - printing structured documents: print objects are captured. in the process of capturing each of the print objects a user input gesture over a region of a document being rendered on a display in accordance with a structured object specification of the document is received; an element... agent: - walk-up printing without drivers: the disclosed embodiments provide a system that supports printing from a computing device. during operation, the system uses a discovery protocol to identify printers that can be accessed by the computing device. next, the system receives a selection of a printer that can be accessed by the computing device. the... agent: apple inc. - printing apparatus and method of controlling printing apparatus: a printing apparatus having a printing engine, a first control unit, and a second control unit, in which a normal operation is performed by at least the printing engine and the first control unit, a first power saving operation is performed by at least the first control unit while the... agent: seiko epson corporation - technology for combining images in a form: when a plurality of image data are received, a form data from among at least one form data and a format data from among at least one format data are selected based on number of the image data. the image data, selected form data and format data are combined to... agent: - data formats to support driverless printing: the disclosed embodiments relate to a system that facilitates driverless printing. more specifically, the disclosed embodiments relate to a computer-readable storage medium which stores a data structure that facilitates driverless printing, wherein the data structure specifies the following capabilities which are supported by a printer: resolutions; color spaces; bit depths;... agent: apple inc. - printer that supports driverless printing: the disclosed embodiments provide a printer that facilitates driverless printing. this printer includes a discovery component which is configured to communicate with a client to facilitate selection of the printer by the client. this discovery component is also configured to provide capability information for the printer to the client. the... agent: apple inc. - distributed data flow for page parallel image processing within printing systems: a system renders print jobs via a marking engine. a raster image processor receives the job from the input module and renders it to one or more raster images. one or more contone image processors receive the one or more raster images to perform cross-channel image processing to render the... agent: xerox corporation - image forming apparatus and counting method for image forming apparatus: an image forming apparatus, including: an image forming unit to perform an image formation on paper; a storage unit to store a printing rate coefficient corresponding to one of printing rate levels, the printing rate levels being a plurality of levels into which a printing rate is divided, the printing... agent: konica business technologies, inc. - image processing apparatus, image processing method, and image processing program: an image processing apparatus includes a control unit and an output unit. the control unit includes an image output unit that arranges an image read by reading processing in an area shifted in a certain direction in a display area in which read image on which reading processing is performed... agent: pfu limited - image processing device, image forming apparatus, and image processing method: an image processing device of the present invention includes: a lightness saturation calculating section that calculates saturation of each pixel on the basis of multicolor image data; an achromatic chromatic color determining section that determines a pixel as a chromatic pixel if the saturation of the pixel is not less than a... agent: - image processing device, image processing method, and image processing program recording medium: an image processing device comprises: a first output device having a first color gamut and outputting an image based on a given first color reproduction target value; a second output device having a second color gamut and outputting an image based on a second color reproduction target value; a color... agent: fujifilm corporation - transcoding run length limited datastreams for object level halftoning: methods and systems for transcoding continuous tone run length limited rll encoded datastreams for including information for identifying halftone screens within the datastream are disclosed. sequential packets comprising headers and bitmap data are identified within the datastream. halftone screens associated with bitmap data within the packets are identified and merged... agent: - method for printing in multiple colors: a method of printing on a substrate includes enabling a user to draw a boundary of an area on an electronic page of text. the boundary has text characters both to the left of the boundary and to the right of the boundary on each of at least three vertically... agent: - image processing apparatus, image forming apparatus, image processing method and computer readable medium: an image processing apparatus includes a binarization section, a determination section and an area setting section. the binarization section binarizes a given image. the determination section determines whether or not a pixel to be determined is effective in accordance with the number of pixels of one value of a binary... agent: fuji xerox co., ltd. - enhanced security printing of a layout template: a method for enhancing security printing of a layout template is disclosed. the method includes receiving the layout template, and acknowledging one or more constraints for the layout template. at least one unconstrained layout element of the layout template is varied, thereby generating a varied layout template. the varied layout... agent: hewlett-packard development company, l.p. - image processing system, computer readable media and method of outputting image data: a system includes a reading device configured to read an image on an original document, a first writing device configured to write image data read by the reading device into an image storage portion, a communication device configured to communicate with a separately-portable storage medium and a second writing device... agent: brother kogyo kabushiki kaisha - document camera, method for controlling document camera, and program: a document camera includes: n n imagers; a temporal storage that temporarily stores m sets of image data captured by m m n imagers among the n imagers; an image processor that performs predetermined image processing according to the number of image data sets m on the m sets of image... agent: seiko epson corporation - image processing apparatus, method, and computer program: an overlap determining unit determines whether or not it is difficult to read watermark characters by overlap between the watermark characters of the watermark image and pixels having a pixel value of the scan image equal to or more than a predetermined value using image data of a watermark image... agent: seiko epson corporation - data processor and scanner device: a data processor includes an image acquiring unit, a reference file acquiring unit, and a file generating unit. the image acquiring unit is configured to acquire a plurality of sets of image data indicating a plurality of images. the reference file acquiring unit is configured to acquire a reference file... agent: brother kogyo kabushiki kaisha - motion tracking method using scanning device: the motion tracking method disclosed herein suggests a method for precisely tracking the motion of a scanning device by correcting the surrounding information distortedly recognized due to the time differences between pieces of information regarding the surroundings of the device over one scanning cycle. the method, as a motion tracking... agent: korea institute of science and technology - tray for image reading device: a tray used to place granular materials on a reading surface of an image reading device has provided thereto a transparent bottom plate, a background vertically upstanding relative to the bottom plate, and reflective elements arranged at predetermined intervals parallel to the background. in order to enable an imaging means... agent: satake corporation - user selectable and user definable scanning protocols in mammographic film scanning system with stack film feeder: a system and method for processing mammographic data are described. the system includes a user input output system adapted and configured to receive from a user a user-defined scanning protocol that identifies the laterality and view type for each mammographic film in a film case to be scanned. a storage system... agent: hologic, inc. - image reading apparatus: a position of a leading edge of an original sheet should be accurately detected utilizing a shadow thereof, irrespective of thickness of the original sheet. in a scanner, an image sensor recognizes the shadow of the leading edge of the original sheet projected on a projection screen when a light... agent: seiko epson corporation - image reading apparatus and image control method of image reading apparatus, and storage medium: an image reading apparatus includes a first reading unit, a second reading unit, and a determination unit. the first reading unit reads an image on a first side of a document conveyed through a document conveyance path. the second reading unit is disposed in the document conveyance path at a... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - image forming apparatus, image formation control apparatus, and computer readable medium storing program: an image forming apparatus includes an obtaining unit, an image forming section, and a controller. the obtaining unit obtains color signals containing color components the number of which is n, n being a natural number. the image forming section forms an image on a medium, the image being based on... agent: fuji xerox co., ltd. patent applications in patent subcategories. inventions list - image formation apparatus and image formation system: an image formation apparatus includes: media containers each of which can contain therein media, an image formation unit to form an image on one or more media based on image data; a media feed unit to feed the media from one of the media containers to the image formation unit;... agent: oki data corporation - expansion difficulty prediction method and system: a method and system for predicting expansion difficulty and an expansion time required to perform print-time imaging operations. a print-ready compressed file may be generated by raster image processing of a job description file associated with a rendering job provided by a digital front end. the expansion time with respect... agent: xerox corporation - information processing apparatus, control method, and computer-readable medium: an information processing apparatus in which a preset associated with a driver is registered, comprises a preset acquisition unit that acquires information regarding a preset registered in the information processing apparatus; a function acquisition unit that acquires information regarding a function of a printer that corresponds to a driver associated... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - methods and systems for network printing with user selectable settings: methods and systems for network printing using user selectable printer settings for a variety of configurations of printing systems and finishers. a printing system such as a multi-function printer device receives user input providing a document identifier e.g., a release code identifying a document stored in a network storage server. the... agent: - printer control apparatus, printer control method, printing system, and storage medium: a printer control apparatus includes: a printer search section that conducts a search for printers connected to the network, acquires printer information indicative of the printers thus extracted by the search, and causes the printer information thus acquired to be stored in a printer information storage section; a network information... agent: sharp kabushiki kaisha - pre-paid document processing devices and operating methods: document processing devices and methods are presented, in which the device stores a remaining print unit value in its memory that represents the amount of print units currently available to enable the device to perform the document processing operations, and a programmable computer of the device selectively performs document processing... agent: xerox corporation - processor system with provision for automated control of processing parameters: the invention relates to processing imaged precursors such as lithographic printing plates. the invention relates specifically to adjusting a processing device for optimal processing performance using a plate recognition system that includes a sensing and authentication subsystem. the processor is automated to make adjustments according to the information provided.... agent: - detection and replacement of consumable components of computer peripherals: the present invention provides a technique for detecting and replacing consumable components, e.g., printer cartridges, of computer peripherals, e.g., printers. in an exemplary embodiment of the invention, a consumer loads a web page of a printer cartridge supplier. the web page includes a link to a server-based software application for... agent: - electronically tagged printed matter, image forming device, image forming method, and image forming program, as well as computer readable recording medium on which the program is recorded: in ic-tagged printed matter 200, image data is printed on ic-tagged paper and the image data of the printed image is stored in the ic tag. mfp 100c makes a judgment whether the document set by adf 141 is an ic-tagged printed matter or not by means of ic tag... agent: konica minolta business - image display device: a complex machine is provided with a communication unit such as a facsimile communication unit, a communication destination storage that stores a plurality of pieces of communication destination information for communication destinations to be communicated with by the communication unit, a display unit, a display controller that controls the display... agent: kyocera mita corporation - image processing apparatus, control method thereof, and storage medium: an image processing apparatus stores a plurality of conversion conditions for converting input image data and, if the image data is converted according to each conversion condition, information indicating a relationship between a data size of the image data before conversion and a data size of transmission data that is... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - image processing apparatus, image processing system, and computer-readable recording medium thereof: an image processing apparatus is disclosed, including: a managing part, a use amount storing part, a setting part, and a determining part. the managing part manages a group threshold of a group including multiple members allowed to use the function for a use amount of the function. the use amount... agent: ricoh company, ltd. - image processing apparatus, information processing apparatus, and information processing system: an image processing apparatus that outputs images includes: a storage unit that stores therein a printer driver, in which configurations and functions related to image outputs are described in a text format, and device information indicating configurations related to image outputs in the image processing apparatus; a receiving unit that... agent: - image processing system, image inputting apparatus, display controlling apparatus, management method and program for image processing system, and storage medium: an image processing system, connecting a plurality of image forming apparatuses via a network for outputting an input image using one of image forming apparatuses, includes an output-specifying information obtaining unit that obtains output-specifying information including to-be-output image data and information designating one of the image forming apparatuses as an... agent: ricoh company, ltd. - information input device, information processing device, information input system, information processing system, two-dimensional format information server, information input method, control program, and recording medium: an information input device is provided with which a user can easily input information in content for which a link or the like is not set in advance. if a user touches on a medium printed with a dot pattern together with content or a display that displays a dot... agent: - information processing apparatus, communication apparatus, wireless diagnosis method and program: an information processing apparatus includes: a first communication section which communicates with an external device having a diagnosis function of a network using a first communication method; a second communication section which communicates with the external device using a second communication method; and a transmission section which transmits a diagnosis... agent: seiko epson corporation - method and system for communicating between a remote printer and a server: in order to enable downloading to a mobile printer data items from a server, a method comprising the steps of establishing communication connection end points sockets , communicating with the server, where the communication includes sending a request for authentication to the server, receiving an authentication response, requesting print data portions... agent: - methods and system for consumable validity verification in prepaid document processing devices: document processing devices and account manager systems are presented which verify validity of pairings of installed consumables and document processing devices for permissive enablement of document processing functionality based on validity of the pairings.... agent: xerox corporation - operating device and image forming apparatus: an operating device is provided with a display unit; a storage storing a plurality of workflows, each of which is composed of a combination of a predetermined plurality of processing items out of a plurality of processing items of an image forming apparatus including the operating device, in advance; a... agent: kyocera mita corporation - print job processing: processing print jobs on a computer which comprises generating a first print ready job file by a first print module based on an input print job file and generating a second print ready job file by a second print module based on the input print job file. the first print... agent: - print processing device: a print processing device includes a print processing portion, a first setting portion, a second setting portion, a priority information retaining portion, and a control portion. the print processing portion executes print processing on paper, based on a print job request. the first setting portion receives input of setting of... agent: sharp kabushiki kaisha - printing system and method of controlling printer device: a printing system has a printer device including a communication control portion and a print engine carrying out a print processing, and an information processing device connected to the printer device as external equipment via a usb interface, the printer device being connected to external equipment by the communication function... agent: - image forming apparatus, image forming system, storage medium, and control method: an image forming apparatus of the present invention is an image forming apparatus into which a memory device is insertable and which performs a printing process on an image of image data stored in the memory device. the image forming apparatus includes a memory reading section for detecting insertion of... agent: - information processing system, method and recording medium: an image forming apparatus that functions as a client of a distributed file system is provided, in which the image forming apparatus includes: a distributed file system process part for mounting a file system of a server apparatus on the image forming apparatus to enable the image forming apparatus to... agent: - image reader: an image reader is provided, which includes a controller that when a pc-scan mode is set as an output mode, the controller controls an image output unit to output second read data of a second side of a document sheet at each time when a storage unit stores the second... agent: brother kogyo kabushiki kaisha - tooth shade analyzer system and methods: the invention relates to a non-transitory computer readable medium that includes one or more programs for carrying out a method for addressing a dental need in a patient involving modification of tooth shape, alignment, or color. the method includes the steps of receiving an electronic image of a patient's tooth;... agent: shade analyzing technologies, inc. - information processing apparatus, method for controlling information processing apparatus, and storage medium: a processor divides objects laid out on a page into a plurality of blocks, and extracts a table block from the plurality of blocks. then, for the table block, the processor executes margin reduction processing for reducing the blank portion between objects included in the table block.... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - image processing method, image processing apparatus, image forming apparatus, and recording medium: a specific color detecting section includes: a comparing section for comparing, with reference thresholds, color densities of color image data of plural colors in input image data, so as to judge whether or not the input image data include color image data of a specific color of an... agent: - information processing apparatus, information processing method, and storage medium: data specified by a distributor can be printed in an arrangement similar to that of the display state corresponding to the layout which is viewed by a person, to whom a printed matter is distributed, on the screen of his her device in use. by specifying a user, i.e., the distribution... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - method for preparing a profile of a printing speed of a printing machine: for an efficient management of the printing speed in a printing machine, a method has been provided for preparing a profile of a printing speed of a printing machine for printing a plurality of sheets, wherein a print job defining the printing of a plurality of sheets is accepted and... agent: - selection of exposure intensity and cleaning field intensity setpoints for optimum line width using sensor reading: line width of images marked by an image marking device is adjusted by reading a calibration patch marked by the marking device, and then adjusting one or more settings of the marking device, such as exposure intensity or cleaning field intensity, independent of the digital control of the tone reproduction... agent: xerox corporation - image processing apparatuses, image forming apparatuses, and computer readable media storing programs: an image processing apparatus includes: a calculating unit that sequentially selects pixels as a target pixel, on binary image data composed of plural color plates for each printing color after having been subjected to halftone-dot processing, and calculates a characteristic amount in each of plural preset areas around the selected... agent: fuji xerox co., ltd. - method and arrangement for automatic verification of the visually perceived color impression of multicolor color images: a method and arrangement that automatically verify a visually perceived color impression of multicolor color images in a printed product having text in addition to color images includes digitally storing a reference image in a database for each multicolor color image to be verified, scanning the printed product uses an... agent: - internet-based synchronized imaging: a internet based method and apparatus is described for automatically processing a captured digital image taken by a smart device at a fixed-location, mobile or virtual event, and synchronizing the combination of that captured primary image with a secondary image, be it a picture frame, or a watermark to create... agent: - image-reader selecting parameter: in the image-reader, a first reading unit generates the first surface worth of first image data by reading a first surface of an document sheet. the second reading unit generates the second surface worth of second image data by reading a second surface. the process surface determining unit determines which... agent: brother kogyo kabushiki kaisha - image reading apparatus and image forming apparatus: an image reading apparatus includes a reading glass, a second guide member, and a control section. the reading glass and the second guide member together form a document feed path. the second guide member includes a white reference plate. the control section performs, when it is determined that shading correction... agent: - image reading apparatus and method for controlling the same: an image reading apparatus that improves reading productivity during simultaneous double-sided reading without leading to increases in the size and cost of the apparatus and a method for controlling the image reading apparatus are provided. to accomplish this, the image reading apparatus, in the case of a single-sided reading mode,... agent: canon kabushiki kaisha - information processing apparatus, information processing method and computer readable medium: an information processing apparatus includes: a document acceptance unit that accepts a plurality of documents; a reduction and display unit that reduces and displays the documents accepted by the document acceptance unit; a region designation unit that designates a region for one of the documents displayed by the reduction and... agent: fuji xerox co., ltd. - methods and systems for no-touch scanning: aspects of the present invention are related to systems and methods for scanning a document wherein a scan function is invoked implicitly by a user positioning a document object, or document objects, to be scanned near an active surface of the scanner. according to one aspect of the present invention,... agent: - drive control device and drive control method: a drive control device includes a signal generation unit, a position detection unit, a speed detection unit, and a drive control unit. based on at least one light receiving signal inputted from at least one light receiving unit of an encoder, the signal generation unit digitizes the at least one... agent: brother kogyo kabushiki kaisha - image reading apparatus: a image reading apparatus includes the exchangeable image reading portion , the document transportation path curved so as to move around the image reading portion , the skew correction rollers in the hosing 3a. the skew correction rollers are arranged on the document transportation path ... agent: konica minolta business technologies, inc. - image recording device: an image reading device includes a tray unit, a recording unit disposed above the tray unit, an outer guide defining a curved path extending from the tray unit to the recording unit, a sheet feeder configured to feed a sheet from the tray unit to the curved path, and a... agent: brother kogyo kabushiki kaisha - image scanning apparatus: an image scanning apparatus having a feeding unit that feeds a document; a first scanning unit, which scans one face of the document fed, and which scans a document set on a document platen; a second scanning unit that scans the other face of the document fed; an instructing unit... agent: brother kogyo kabushiki kaisha - scanning apparatus having machanism for adjusting opening of sheet passageway: a scanning apparatus having a mechanism for adjusting an opening of a sheet passageway includes a first assembly, a second assembly and a driving mechanism. the first assembly is moveably disposed. the second assembly is disposed opposite the first assembly. the driving mechanism drives the first assembly to move in... agent: - scanning device capable of switching image processing mode automatically: a scanning device includes a first tray, a second tray, a detection module, a scanning module, and an image processing module. the first tray has an identification element. when the scanning device scans the first tray, the detection module detects the identification element so as to generate a first signal.... agent:previous industry: optics: measuring and testing next industry: optical: systems and elements rss feed for : integrate freshpatents.com into your rss reader aggregator or website to track weekly updates. for more info, read this article. thank you for viewing facsimile and static presentation processing patents on the freshpatents.com website. these are patent applications which have been filed in the united states. there are a variety ways to browse facsimile and static presentation processing patent applications on our website including browsing by date, agent, inventor, and industry. if you are interested in receiving occasional emails regarding facsimile and static presentation processing patents we recommend signing up for free keyword monitoring by email. freshpatents.com support - terms conditions results in . seconds
__label__non_math	0.9931	excellence is a force of habit at cutter buck, which is why they continually to evolve their sportswear, adding new products and refining others. they begin with the finest materials everything from the sumptuous cottons and custom designs to ingenious microfibers and performance fabrics. then they build distinguishing marks of quality into every style. performance is key to all products, as is their devotion to style, comfort and fit. here at freshpolos.com, we offer the latest in cutter buck polo shirts, from the everyday tournament polo to the golf-inspired championship polo shirt. rlelated terms: cutter buck golf shirt, cutter shirt, cutter shirts, cutter buck polo, cutter buck polo shirt, cutter and buck polo shirts, cb polos, drytec, custom cutter buck, embroidered tournament polo c b quantity order discount shirts : off free shipping instructions: email us item name, colors, sizes and quantity to: firstname.lastname
__label__non_math	1.0000	the devil's double based on actual events, "the devil's double" recounts the remarkable tale of latif yahia, an iraqi army lieutenant who was summoned to saddam hussein's palace in and ordered to become the fiday, or body double, of his notorious eldest son, uday. many of his countrymen might have considered this a great honor, but it was merely the beginning of a hellish nightmare for latif. under the constant threat of harm to his family, he had no choice but to play the role of silent witness while his nefarious captor indulged in countless brutal and depraved fantasies with no regard for human life. cast: dominic cooper, ludivine sagnier, mem ferda, dar salim, raad rawi directed by: lee tamahori written by: michael thomas opens: limited
__label__non_math	0.9904	some bass guitar on fm site. probably my favorite bass line ever is in "the lemon song" by led zeppelin, a remake steal, actually of howlin' wolf's "killing floor". pure magic by john paul jones. here are two pros grooving to the lemon song on bass guitar and drums. they are both just incredible. groove groove groove
__label__non_math	0.9996	with business, shopping and cultural pursuits at your door, the hotel ambasciatori is steps away from many of florence's more prominent attractions. conveniently located in downtown florence, it is a short distance away from the historical, artistic, and monumental attractions as well as the exhibition halls. this -star hotel resonates with the cosmopolitan elegance and refined tuscan charm that characterize florence. most of the hotel's guest rooms and junior suites have balconies with views of the historical center and surrounding landscape. every room is equipped with high-speed internet, air conditioning, direct dial telephone, mini bar, safe, and hair dryer. the hotel is has an elegant and spacious restaurant where every morning guests are invited to enjoy an american style breakfast buffet where you can choose among different cereals, dairy products, fruit juices, scrambled eggs, bacon, cheese, cakes, fresh fruit of the day and more. la pergola bar is the ideal place for an informal get-together in a cozy ambience. enjoy tasty cocktails accompanied by the soft sound of background music.
__label__non_math	0.9920	i cannot speak on behalf of the grays, but my whites are a whirling dervish of destruction. i started with real plants and no fake plants. now i have real and like fake. its those cursed teenage years months for them they never listen, they think they know everything and they are so destructive
__label__non_math	1.0000	tickets on sale - now: general admission, all ages, day of show tickets are available at jadepresents.com, sickies garage, at the tickets300 box office 300 broadway, fargo; open monday-friday, noon to p.m. , by calling 866 300-, or at v.i.p. couches and suites are available through tickets300 in person or over the phone.
__label__non_math	0.9999	lamont barlow impressed all of us when he first performed on from the top's radio show back in august of . not only was the -year-old an amazing bassoonist, he played practically every woodwind instrument, was an award-winning pianist, a swim team member, and a citywide diving champion. as if all this wasn't enough to wow us, we also learned he was ranked number one in his class academically. in a comedic bit on that very early show, lamont left us no choice but to set off the "from the top over-achiever alarm we invited this impressive young man back to the stage as one of our tenth anniversary alumni performers to see where life had taken him since his appearance on our show. and his story didn't disappoint. following high school, lamont was accepted to harvard university, where he graduated with high honors in biochemistry. though he focused on science, he kept up with music, serving as associate principal bassoon of the new england philharmonic, performing regularly with other ensembles in the boston area, and winning a campus-wide concerto competition. following his graduation from harvard, lamont moved to new york city to attend medical school at columbia university, and now, at the age of , he is applying to residency programs in the field of urologic oncology. it is a specialty that demands an enormous amount of heart as well as skill since his work revolves around patients who are suffering from potentially devastating diagnoses. "there are definitely times you feel helpless," admits lamont of his choice to pursue this direction. "at the same time, though, you can work to make the situation the best it can be, and you have the opportunity to be involved in what is the most important thing that is happening in a person's life. in the field of oncology, every patient you see is going through the biggest thing that has every happened to them. you get to be a part of that every day, and i think that's kind of special." though his free time is more limited than ever, lamont still manages to find opportunities to play music, and he hopes to continue making music throughout his training and medical practice. on his recent appearance on from the top, lamont and chistopher o'riley beautifully performed the first movement of alexandre tansman's suite for bassoon and piano.
__label__non_math	0.8661	for over years the name fronius has stood for intensive research and the constant search for new, innovative solutions. our state-of-the-art products have received numerous international awards for innovation, environmental stewardship and best practices. 10th june the firm is established by g nter fronius in pettenbach, austria, and commences production of battery chargers and welding transformers. market launch of fronius' first welding transformer with magnetic yoke-type regulation, permitting continuous adjustment of the welding current. semiconductors are used in fronius welding rectifiers for the first time - making convenient dc welding a reality. the company's 2nd facility is opened in wels-thalheim, austria. handover of company management to klaus fronius and brigitte strau unveiling of the world's first-ever primary transistor-switched power source transarc 500 . the inverter technology used not only brings such advantages as low weight and volume, but also - and even more importantly - opens up hitherto unheard-of new possibilities in terms of welding technology. a fronius sales and production facility opens for business in istanbul, turkey. buying of the location in wels: buxbaumstra e austria launch of a revolutionary high-performance mag welding process known as the t.i.m.e. process, which - for the first time in welding history - makes very high welding speeds possible. opening of a sales and production facility at kiev in the ukraine. a sales and production facility is opened at cesk krumlov in the czech republic. fuzzy technology is used for the first time in the field of welding-process control magicwave . sales organisations are set up in germany, switzerland, france and norway. certification to iso . the innovation prize of the province of upper austria is awarded to fronius for its use of fuzzy technology in the field of welding-process control magicwave . the world's lightest portable mma welding unit is launched, weighing a mere .kg transpocket . innovation prize of the province of upper austria for product design magicwave . establishment of the energy environment division, with business units for photovoltaics and battery charging systems. launch of the "sunrise" grid-connected solar inverter for generating electricity from solar energy and feeding it into the power grid. innovation prize of the province of upper austria for the "sunrise" solar inverter. unveiling of the world's first-ever completely digitally controlled mig mag welding power sources transsynergic ; transpuls synergic . from now on, quality is reproducible. innovation prize of the province of upper austria for "virtual welding". launch of the "solarix", a sine-wave solar inverter for stand-alone operation. the first such unit - anywhere - in which the inverter and charge controller really do work together smoothly. innovation prize of the province of upper austria for the sine-wave solar inverter "solarix". establishment of the private trust friedl and g nter fronius . for tighter focus of the various fields of the company's business, divisions are established: "welding technology", "battery charging systems and car repair equipment", "solar electronics" and "plasma technology". "success through research" award from the austrian industrial research promotion fund fff in recognition of the enduring successes achieved by fronius though its innovation strategy. unveiling of the world's first-ever genuinely industrial-grade laserhybrid welding system, with welding speeds of up to m min. innovation prize of the province of upper austria for "laserhybrid". market launch of a series of mma welding units transpocket rc tig with resonant intelligence, which permits an almost perfect approximation to the principle of the ideal characteristic. the "fronius ig" grid-connected inverter is launched. with features such as data communication via plug-in cards, low weight and its compatibility with all common makes of photovoltaic module, the "fronius ig" achieves the utmost in flexibility for the client. award of the environment prize of the province of upper austria for the "fronius ig" solar inverter. a brand-new production facility is opened in pettenbach, austria. extension of the management team to persons: elisabeth engelbrechtsm ller-strau , klaus fronius, heinz hackl, herbert m hlb ck, volker lenzeder, brigitte strau the strong, silent type. the new fronius systems, magicwave , magicwave , and transtig , offer a higher power density, lower noise levels, more stable arcs, and greater ease of operation than conventional welding systems. market launch of the variosynergic and variostar product ranges. these step-controlled welding systems are synonymous with low operating costs, easy handling, long life, and flawless welding quality. fronius goes usa premiere for the timetwin digital process. in this process, two independently controlled power sources with two insulated wire electrodes work together in a single gas nozzle and a shared welding pool. these innovative systems achieve maximum economy and efficiency in automatic welding of low and high-alloy steel and aluminium materials. the transpuls synergic and are launched on the market. these systems consist of two linked transpuls synergic or systems and produce a current of 720 and 900 amperes respectively. this procedure is designed to deliver the kind of high performance that is required in automatic and robot welding. the remote control unit rcu 5000i with full text display. this rcu features logical user prompting and is easy to use. to standardise procedures for backing up, exchanging, and documenting welding data, a smart media card is used. another new feature is the windows-compatible usb interface for easy data transfer. market launch of the fronius ig with mix concept. the mix concept achieves a marked increase in energy yield under part load and also enables more efficient utilisation of the inverter. tig product range extended with the addition of the magicwave and transtig : these robust and powerful welding systems are available in standard and job versions. active wave provides a highly stable arc with minimum noise emission. all high-performance fronius welding systems are now fully digital, including the time . extended stick-out means up to improved wire feeding speeds or burn-off rate. fronius solar electronics triples its production capacity from mw to 200 mw cmt cold metal transfer market launch. this new mig mag welding process enables thermal joining of steel and aluminium and shows convincing performance with spatter free soldering of coated sheet metal and ultra-thin bonds. the 100 percent digitally controlled welding system range is extended to include resonant intelligence with the transpocket extremely robust, small, light, but powerful. market launch of the first central inverter with mixtm design, the fronius ig 500, in europe and korea. multiple small power components in an inverter boost efficiency under partial load. welding technology of the year award for the welding processes cold metal transfer and deltaspot. fronius is bringing out its first plasma-cutting device. on the transcut 300, a fluid serves as the cutting medium. this portable cutting system also sets up a brand-new benchmark for green cutting . market launch of deltaspot. the world first of this resistance spot-welding system is its spooling process tapes which protect both the electrodes and the workpiece, revolutionising the weld quality. market launch of the new grid-connected pv-inverters "fronius ig plus": new power classes expand the proven fronius ig series. these high-tech devices include many advantages and grant maximum earnings security in any weather opening of the new production and logistics centre at sattledt, austria opening of the sales and service centre at santa catarina monterrey, mexico and missisauga, canada hylog presents a co -free internal logistics system in sattledt with photovoltaic, electrolysis and hydrogen power. the project was honored by the austrian solar award and the energy globe award. fronius has been awarded the frost sullivan best practices award for its development of the innovative and high-performance fronius ig plus pv inverter series as well as for its outstanding service. fronius usa, llc launches the ig plus inverter series in north america. launch of the new fronius cl pv central inverter series available from kw to 60kw options. combining high-yield power electronics with a unique, modular system design of up to power stages, the cl utilizes mixtm technology to maximize energy harvest even on cloudy days. opening of sales support center in chattanooga, tn for our welding technology division. the newest office location strengthens customer support in the southeast region. the company moves to its new headquarters in portage, indiana. the near 500,000 ft facility is the future production site of its solar electronics division. the michigan facility becomes a sales and service center for its welding technology division.
__label__math	1.0000	basics of battery charging systems not all battery chargers can charge all batteries. batteries have developed in such a way that a variety of different charging techniques is required. but how does a battery work, and what exactly goes on when the battery is charged? read on, and you'll find the answers to these questions and many more.
__label__non_math	0.9989	banking scenario in the middle east and future trends frost sullivan's business and financial services group serves clients around the world in all aspects of financial analysis, market research and monitoring, due diligence, idea generation, opportunity analysis, investment valuation, and other proprietary research. a key aspect of this offering is the financial benchmarking and analysis fba in the asset management space. this market insight analyses the banking scenario in the middle east. the current market scenario, future trends and opportunities that exist in the industry are discussed as part of this article. . banking scenario in the middle east and future trends
__label__non_math	1.0000	here at legion hardware i have had an extremely in-depth look at the ddr-ram. i have covered how it works and what it has to offer. over the past few months numerous pentium iii and athlon ddr boards have passed through the lab that all have one thing in common; they all sported via s ddr chipsets whether that was the apollo 266 or kt266. well finally the drought has been broken as ecs present us with the new k7ama featuring ali s flagship chipset called the alimagik . full story legionhardware
__label__non_math	0.7019	101 users browsing my wish list who we recommend nzxt proudly introduces its newest line of airflow fans, the fz-140mm fan. the fz-140mm fan is a perfect match for any type of chassis. there are available colors to choose from: white, blue, orange, green, and red. it is ideal for achieving high airflow with minimal speeds of rpm. the blades provide quiet operation of .dba and high airflow of .cfm. the long-life bearing provides better reliability and extends life span surpassing year warranty. this 140mm fan is the coolest solution for any enthusiast in demand of extreme airflow.
__label__non_math	1.0000	use coupon code: frugalliving at checkout. you may buy up to years. please allow -weeks for your first issue to arrive from snacks to full course meals, vegetarian times offers healthier new recipes for classic food dishes. in every issue, you ll find seasonal menus, health news, advisories, reports, and research findings, as well as guidance on diet, exercise, and nutrition. this vegetarian times magazine has issues per year and you can buy up to a -year subscription. you can renew your subscription by using the exact same name and address as your existing subscription on your order.
__label__non_math	0.9986	: saw action in all games for the falcons, totaling three starts. posted points in her first collegiate season with five goals and one assist, including one game-winning marker. notche her first career marker with an -win over anna maria . click here for season statistics. high school: graduate of littleton high school. member of the field hockey and track teams. served as captain of the field hockey team, while earning mid-wachusett d all-star honors. personal: born in littleton, mass. daughter of paula and chuck bush. undecided on a major at the university.
__label__non_math	0.9973	indianapolis -- an indiana teacher who says she was fired from a roman catholic school for using in vitro fertilization to try to get pregnant is suing in a case that could set up a legal showdown over reproductive and religious rights. emily herx's lawsuit accuses the diocese of fort wayne-south bend and st. vincent de paul school in fort wayne of discrimination for her firing last june. herx, , of hoagland, ind., says that the church pastor told her she was a "grave, immoral sinner" and that a scandal would erupt if anyone learned she had undergone in vitro fertilization, or ivf. the roman catholic church shuns ivf, which involves mixing egg and sperm in a laboratory dish and transferring a resulting embryo into the womb. herx said she was fired despite exemplary performance reviews in her eight years as a language arts teacher. legal experts say herx's case illustrates a murky area in the debate over separation of church and state that even the u.s. supreme court has failed to clearly address. diocese officials said in a statement issued to the associated press on wednesday that the lawsuit challenges its rights as a religious institution "to make religious based decisions consistent with its religious standards on an impartial basis." the u.s. supreme court ruled unanimously in january that religious workers can't sue their employers for job discrimination because anti-discrimination laws allow for a "ministerial exception." but the justices failed to define who was and who wasn't a religious employee. "the supreme court didn't give us a kind of neat little on-off test as to who's a minister and who isn't," said rick garnett, associate dean and professor of law at notre dame law school. in a similar case in ohio, a federal judge last month gave the go-ahead for a trial in a lawsuit against the archdiocese of cincinnati by a parochial school teacher who was fired after she became pregnant through artificial insemination, which the church is also against. the archdiocese fired christa dias in , saying the single woman violated church doctrine. u.s. district judge arthur spiegel said in his march ruling that the ministerial exception did not apply because dias was a non-catholic computer teacher with no role in ministering or teaching catholic doctrine. pastor of st. vincent de paul school, huffington post comments fundie index: submitted by: brendan rizzo baby jesus cries when you spooge in a tube. every time something like this comes up all that any 'church' says only translates as 'wahh every good catholic wife should know the only way to get pregnany is sex with your husband in the dark in missionary position. every sexual act must result in conception. and you better not enjoy it. if you do, you're a whore. i will try to put this as delicately as i can... fuck the roman catholic church so becoming "heavy with child" without "knowing" a man is a sin? why do these people think the catholic church is going to be even slightly reasonable about these things? last i checked paul had quite the anti-sex attitude so you'd think the catholic church would embrace in vitro as a better alternative than all that icky sex. you can even get pregnant without having a dirty, sinful orgasm that way. what's the actual problem with it? aside from "it's different so it's scary to us". i hate you ratzinger so much for claiming that this issue is all about religious freedom. unless they admit that it's about the religious freedom to be total dickheads. good thing the church wasn't against ivf before mary miraculously conceived jesus. "...herx's case illustrates a murky area in the debate over separation of church and state that even the u.s. supreme court has failed to clearly address." this, this right here, this is the problem. i'm not about to claim everything here is sunshine and roses, but if anyone here were to be fired because their employer did the equivalent of wagging their finger at them and calling them a "very naughty girl boy", they would be pulverised. i mean sweet celestia, the last time i checked the usa wasn't a theocracy, but while it is fantastic by global standards if it wants to stay a developed nation it needs get its act together, fast. and they should also be ready for sex at any time the husband requires, and if they defy their husbands will they are shaming themselves in the eyes of god. am i doing it right? see, they are opposed to not only abortion, but also to in-vitro fertilization, which is the very opposite of abortion. when you add in their dislike of contraceptives, it only means one thing: the catholic church only wants sexual intercourse to be done if it will result in an army for christ. the higher-ups never left the middle ages, and most likely never will don't care what their religious justification is. a business operating in the united states needs to abide by its employment rules. period. no abortion, no ivf, no birth control. sorry women but the rcc's policy has been the same for you as it has since the roman empire. you exist to get married so you can spend your life shitting out more catholics so the church can have more believers, and thus more money and power. and that's about the sickest, most evil thing i can imagine. catholics oppose abortion because it stops women having babies they don't want. catholics oppose ivf because it helps women to have babies they do want. they damn you if you do and they damn you if you don't. catholics are outspoken against every sexual act that does not result in pregnancy, and now every non-sexual act that does. trying to make sense of that. filin de blanc i'm inclined to think that there shouldn't be a ministerial exception at all. being religious should not effectively place you above the law. i don't see why they should have the right to fire someone over a personal matter like this, but i also don't understand why one would want to work for an organization who would fire you over a personal matter. uh, she was trying to become pregnant. isn't that what the catholic church wants? why are they so upset about this? now that is fucked up. ... the church pastor told her she was "a grave, immoral sinner" ... as contrasted, i take it, with a whimsical, moral sinner. weskamp: i think the problem is that you apparently have to use multiple ova to ensure that you get a zygote out of the procedure. if more ova get fertilized than you can safely imbue in the uterus, it's effectively abortion. that's probably what has the diocese incensed. this is another good example to bring this monty python song up again enjoy :p murky area is right. the catholic church is stuck in the 16th century but they may have the constitution on their side in this one as depressing as that sounds. so, they cry and whine about stem cell research because it makes use of frozen embryos that were going to be discarded, but when somebody tries to use the same method that was used to create those frozen embros to get pregnant, they've committed a "grave, immoral sin"?
__label__non_math	0.9983	unicor funding, inc., a california-based marketer of federally insured home improvement loans "title " loans , has agreed to pay a civil penalty of for allegedly violating the fair credit reporting act fcra . the company also has agreed to settle ftc charges that it deceptively advertised that consumers were "preapproved" for a loan or that consumers' property was "preapproved." "false preapproved offers injure consumers by giving false information that causes them to apply for credit unnecessarily and may affect their decisions to comparison shop for credit," said jodie bernstein, director of the ftc's bureau of consumer protection. "this case is significant because it sends a strong message that lenders cannot use false offers to gain market advantage and boost consumer response." title loans are often used by people with limited resources and or credit problems for home maintenance and improvement. unicor, located in mission viejo, california, is a non-bank lender that offers a variety of loans, including mortgages, debt consolidation loans, general home improvement loans, and title loans to consumers. it sells the loans it originates to other lending institutions. according to the ftc, unicor advertised its loans using direct marketing postcards that included, in bold-face type, a statement that the consumer was "pre-approved" or that the consumer's property was "pre-approved" to receive a loan of up to ,000. the complaint outlining the charges against unicor alleges that many consumers who responded to the postcards did not receive loans. therefore, the agency said, the "preapproved" offer was deceptive. in addition, the agency alleged in its complaint that unicor violated the fcra by using credit reports to "prescreen" consumer files for credit offers without providing required notices under the fcra in solicitations resulting from the prescreening. the notices would state, among other things, that the consumer can opt-out of future prescreened solicitations. the complaint also alleges that unicor used credit reports to evaluate consumer applicants but failed to provide fcra-required information to applicants against whom adverse action was taken based on a credit report. the proposed consent order to settle the charges would require unicor to pay a civil penalty of for the fcra violations. it also would prohibit unicor from using the term "pre-approved" to describe an offer unless the consumer receiving the offer actually receives credit. in addition, the settlement would require unicor to clearly and conspicuously disclose in all advertising that an offer of credit will be subject to a credit review if unicor intends to conduct such a review; and would prohibit the company from making misrepresentations in connection with credit offers. finally, the order would require unicor to provide the notices mandated by the fcra when it "prescreens" consumers for credit solicitations and when it rejects consumers for credit because of information in a credit report. the consent decree was filed at the ftc's request by the department of justice in the u.s. district court, central district of california, southern division on . the commission vote to approve the consent decree was -. note: this consent decree is for settlement purposes only and does not constitute an admission by the defendant of a law violation. consent decrees have the force of law when signed by the judge. copies of the complaint and consent decree are available from the ftc's web site at and also from the ftc's consumer response center, room 130, 600 pennsylvania avenue, n.w., washington, d.c. ; 877-ftc-help 877-382- ; tdd for the hearing impaired 202-326-. to find out the latest news as it is announced, call the ftc newsphone recording at 202-326-. ftc file no. 982
__label__non_math	0.9983	comments:i am writing because i am concerned about the proposed business opportunity rule r511993. i believe that in its present form, it could prevent me from successfully operating my business as a direct seller of tastefully simple products. i understand that the ftc s mission is to protect the public from unfair and deceptive acts or practices. however, some of the sections in the proposed rule will make it very difficult for me to sell tastefully simple products, grow my business, and help others start tastefully simple businesses of their own. one of the most confusing and burdensome sections of the proposed rule is the seven-day waiting period for new consultants. our new consultant startup kit costs only . this waiting period gives the impression that there might be something wrong with our business. under this waiting period requirement, i will also need to keep very detailed records when i first speak to someone about tastefully simple, and i will then have to spend much of my time preparing and sending in reports to tastefully simple headquarters. this will be a major burden for me, a single mom with a full-time job in addition to my tastefully simple business, and it doesn't help to protect the public in any way. when i became a tastefully simple independent consultant a little over a year ago, i did it primarily because i needed to earn some additional money. my family now depends on this extra income, and i'm very concerned about the proposed business opportunity rule, because i believe it will jeopardize my business. thank you very much for the opportunity to comment.
__label__non_math	0.9974	comments:ssn's use should be restricted to situations necessary for the social security administration to administer the social security system, as described in law and regulation. new uses outside of these situations should be barred, and private industry and non-ssa governmental user should be given years to wean themselves from the use of the number in their industries and businesses. if an industry or business requires a waiver or exemption, the public should be allowed to have a voice or a vote in the final decision. smart people can come up with new ways to do things; they aren't because the status quo gives them no impetus to change.
__label__non_math	1.0000	ftd.com, in collaboration with the smithsonian institution, proudly presents the joyful journeys phalaenopsis orchid. with over ,000 live orchid plants in its collection, smithsonian seeks to educate, inspire and encourage the public to grow, enjoy and appreciate beautiful orchid plants. in doing so, we have chosen this brilliant orchid plant known for its clean white petals culminating in a yellow throat. creating a display of gentle grace and timeless sophistication, this hawaiian beauty -inch bloom orchid plant arrives seated in a tall, sleek designer container imported from germany, to bring joy and happiness to your special recipient with its elegant demeanor and limitless charm. your purchase includes a complimentary personalized gift message. next-day delivery by fedex or ups is available tuesday, wednesday, thursday, friday and saturday for orders placed by 1p.m. eastern time to the continental united states. during peak holiday periods, cut off times for placing orders may vary. delivery policy all items featured on this web site represent the types of products ftd.com offers and may vary depending upon availability in certain regions.
__label__math	0.9997	are you trying to download shooting gallery? it can be dangerous and cause a we would recommend you to use a special program torrentprivacy to avoid that. it allows you to be anonymous in bittorrent networks. total pages:
__label__non_math	1.0000	women's basketball signs tall trio for fullerton, ca - cal state fullerton women's basketball head coach marcia foster announced that the titans have signed three players to national letters of intent to continue their academic and athletic careers with the titans. chelsea austin los angeles, ca beverly hills hs , natalie williams cerritos, ca st. anthony hs , and jessica palmer elverta, ca antelope hs will join the program as freshmen beginning with the season. austin, a six-foot guard forward, helped lead the normans to the second round of the cif division ii state tournament as a junior, averaging just under points and .rebounds per game for the year while swatting .blocks per game. she was an all-ocean league first-team and all-cif second-team honoree in , helping beverly hills hs to a -overall mark. "chelsea can play all five positions on the floor," foster said. "she has incredible passing ability, can shoot the three, post up and has the length and jumping ability to rebound on both ends of the floor as well as block shots. we are thrilled that chelsea has chosen cal state fullerton to continue what could be an amazing career. we are looking forward to utilizing her unique skill set." williams, a -forward center who played her freshman season at artesia hs in lakewood, helped the saints to a cif division v title as the division's top seed and a runner-up finish at the cif state tournament as a junior, averaging eight points and rebounds per contest en route to all-santa cruz league honorable mention honors. st. anthony's finished -overall, reaching the state title game for the first time in school history. "natalie is long, athletic, quick and versatile," foster said. "a true stretch four, natalie has the ability to knock down the three, a great midrange game and a solid interior one. her rebounding, defensive prowess and inside offensive presence, add solid depth to our post game while at the same time, challenging opposing post defenders to guard her on the perimeter. we are excited that natalie has chosen cal state fullerton to continue her career. her potential at the collegiate level is unlimited." palmer, a -left-handed post player from northern california, averaged .ppg and .rpg as a junior for the titans, earning all-capital athletic league honors and serving as team captain for the second-straight season. she was also named the team's best defensive player twice as a sophomore and junior. "jessica is long and strong in the post," foster said. "she has great court vision for a 'big' and great hands in traffic. her defense and rebounding will anchor a solid freshman class and bring much needed depth to the post position. the addition of jessica to our program solidifies our post game, strengthening our goal of becoming a threat from every position on the floor. we very pleased jessica chose to join the titan family." cal state fullerton, currently -overall on the season, continues play this weekend with a single game at bowling green state on saturday dec. .
__label__non_math	0.9995	titans down seton hall, lose pitchers duel to oregon las vegas, nv - cal state fullerton split its two games at the louisville slugger desert classic on saturday night, defeating seton hall by the count of -in five innings before falling in a pitchers duel against oregon, -, in the night cap. the titans are now -overall while the pirates fall to -and the ducks improve to -. fullerton closes out tournament play on sunday morning feb. at a.m. as the titans take on sacramento state. cal state fullerton , seton hall inn. box score - seton hall cal state fullerton broke open a close game with a six-run fourth inning and set a season high with hits as the titans posted a -victory over seton hall in five innings on saturday night in the second day of action at the louisville slugger desert classic in las vegas, nev. the top of fullerton's order combined to go -for-with seven runs scored and five runs driven in. sophomore courtney martinez was -for-with three runs, a double, a home run and three rbi. doucette - earned her second consecutive win in the circle, allowing two runs on four hits, walking two and striking out five in the victory. ashley constantini suffered the loss, allowing nine runs on nine hits and walking three in innings of work. the titans got on the board first without the benefit of a hit as three walks, including an intentional free pass to lauren lupinetti, loaded the bases with one out. that brought up ashley van boxmeer, who lifted a fly ball deep to right field to plate doucette for the -lead. doucette helped her own cause in the second as she singled home baker, who doubled with two outs, to make it -. martinez then followed on the very next pitch with a line drive two-run home run to left field, making it -in favor of the titans. seton hall got a run back in the second as laura baranek lined a -pitch over the fence in right centerfield to get the pirates on the board and close the gap to -. jenna best then followed with an rbi single in the third inning, driving home leah menichetti, who tripled, to make it -. the titans then broke the game wide open, sending batters to the plate during their six-run fourth inning. martinez rbi double , munoz two-run single , and gollhardt two-run double each drove in runs with hits while baker added a bases-loaded walk to drive in the final run of the inning. fullerton added two more runs in the fifth on a throwing error and a single by wheeler for the final tallies. oregon , cal state fullerton box score - oregon back-to-back bases loaded walks in the top of the sixth snapped a scoreless tie and oregon starter alicia cook scattered six hits in the complete game effort. after battling through five scoreless innings, the ducks broke through on the scoreboard first as jenn salling led off with a bunt single and moved to second on a sacrifice by neena bryant. lovena chaput followed with a single to left to put runners on the corners. ann marie topps followed with a walk to load the bases with only one out. baker - struck out kristi leiter for the second out of the inning to set the stage for joanna gail, who worked the count full before taking ball four to plate salling for the -lead. gail was followed by amie morris who, like gail, worked the count full once again before taking ball four to plate chaput with the second run. that would be all cook - would need as she stranded the tying runs in scoring position in the sixth and surrendered only a single in the seventh en route to the win. baker - pitched well despite being saddled with the loss, allowing just six hits while striking out - logging at least two strikeouts in five of the seven innings. lupinetti led the titans with her -for-night while four other titans had hits. fullerton left nine on base for the game - including four in scoring position. oregon left on base - seven in scoring position.
__label__non_math	1.0000	- works with all popular memory cards - mmc sdhc xd-picture card micro sd memory stick compact flash micro drive memory stick micro m2 more - easy plug and pkay installation - pc mac compatible - fast transfer rate to and from your memory cards and computers. - all in one memory card reader - usb cable
__label__non_math	0.9997	all babies eventually get their teeth in and if mums aren t prepared it can turn into a nightmare. with lime tree kids, you never need to be unprepared for when your baby needs to gnaw on something and with their jellystone designs, you don t have to worry about your baby sucking on something toxic like plastic pendants loaded with bpa, pvc, cadmium and lead. each of the jellystone designs have a great texture that your baby will love, and the chunky oversized pendants come on a clasp designed to break apart when tugged by inquisitive babies. the jellystone pendants and bangles have passed the small moving parts test and are intended to be worn by adults and not used as a toy for infants or children. website: lime tree kids
__label__non_math	0.9998	please enter your email below to be informed of future venture events. also, you should join our vc angel event rss feed: and follow our events on twitter download the free iphone app from itunes it lists vc and angel events around the world nyc vc angel showcasethursday, the kick-off venture event of the year did you ever want to meet, shake hands and give your summary to of the hottest venture funds angel investor groups in the the nyc area? here is your shot at this vc conference, vc funds angel groups will be exhibiting their firms during a great cocktail party setting. each fund will have their own table setup we call it a - "reverse venture fair" - where you go up and meet the vcs versus waiting take advantage of this unique opportunity to meet investors - make sure to bring lots of executive summaries and business cards to hand out additionally, there will be an optional pitching workshop from - where we personally work with you on your elevator pitch. the cost to participate in the workshop will be 135 ticket to the event. most importantly, it includes an exclusive advanced meeting with the participating vc angel funds between , where you can shake hands and give your elevator pitch please note that tickets are if registered online. each attendee needs their own ticket. walk-in tickets will be . format update meeting scheduler feature where you can grab a bunch of numbers from the investors you want to meet in advance with our online scheduler, and not stand on line we will have all of the numbers displayed on the big screen and a mobile page for your phone . you can just go from meeting to meeting, and network in the middle, eat some dinner or grab a drink at the open bar you can have at one fund, at another, at a 3rd and plan your evening accordingly after you register we will send you to our scheduler where you can line up for meetings please read the descriptions of the funds and angel groups in advance so you know which ones you want to meet prior to the event, all companies will get a best practices document on how to make the most of your time when speaking to investors at this, or any event. "the fundingpost vc showcase was really great. for me, it was one of the most memorable events of the past year and i remember thinking how fantastic this sort of event was for the ny tech scene. there was a great energy and optimism permeating the room. the investors were engaged and genuinely interested in hearing everyone's pitches and those who said they'd follow up actually did. in our case, we raised capital from one investor and established relationships with two other vcs with whom we are having on-going conversations about possible future investments, should the need arise." -michael hussey, ceo, peekyou "what do you want from an investor day? a large gathering of angels and vcs who are seeking great companies - along with cocktails and food, that's the vc showcase on february . that's why are there every year, join us "empire angels is excited to participate in the upcoming fundingpost event "fundingpost allows the venture community to review many interesting deals in a short period of time. the consistent format allows vcs to quickly evaluate companies raising capital based on the criteria that's most important to them."- deepak kamra, canaan partners "i know that i've invested in at least one deal associated with fundingpost events, and it's a great networking opportunity with the founders and the vcs that are there. i'm looking forward to this one "i just invested in a mobile company i met through fundingpost - thanks "fundingpost has provided investors a great way to read company summaries from across the country, and entrepreneurs the opportunity to get in front of a lot of venture funds they wouldn't normally have access to."- richard irving, pond venture partners "i see ceo's get their phds in best practices for how-to-get-funded techniques. this is accomplished through fundingpost's well orchestrated and accomplished conferences - great for learning from and networking with the money sources."- jeanne m. sullivan, starvest partners "as a result of the conference we attended in miami, caerus made one of its first investments in a florida-based company whose ceo we met because of the impressive network fundingpost has constructed. "- zachary a. cherry, caerus ventures llc "i am happy to be a member of fundingpost.com. we always find good prospects, and the interface is efficient and easy to use. thanks for putting this together."- george petracek, atrium capital
__label__non_math	0.9991	register new player welcome to our world of fun trivia quizzes and quiz games: weather occurrences of "biblical" proportions "this quiz will deal with the usually normal subject of weather. but weather can take on miraculous traits when dealing with god and the bible. here are ten events listed in the bible that involve weather. king james version used " points per correct answer - no time limit according to the gospel of matthew, jesus christ was involved in some weather a few times in his lifetime. one occurred when he was approaching the disciples. the disciples were attempting to fish in a storm when they saw jesus walking on the water toward them. when he reached and boarded the boat, the storm subsided. what body of water did this miracle occur on? sea of galilee probably the best known event involving weather in the bible is the great flood. through studying the bible, theologians have determined the length of time that noah, his family, and the animals were on the ark. what is the time frame in days that scholars tend to agree on as the length of noah's captivity on the ark? weather happenings were prevalent during the ten plagues of egypt. one of the plagues featured a horrendous hailstorm, accompanied by fire. of the ten plagues, which number plague was this? god and moses also used the weather to actually end one of the plagues, as it is stated they used a "mighty wind" to drive out this particular plague's results. what was it that the mighty wind was getting rid of? blood on the water in exodus , moses had another occurrence with biblical weather when he went up the mountain to receive god's ten commandments. what mountain was surrounded by "thunder and lightning" and a "veil of clouds" during moses' climb upward? mount of olives this person experienced some dangerous sea storms upon his attempted fleeing from god's request to go to nineveh and try and convert the people there. who was this reluctant evangelist who had a whale of a time surviving the sea storm? two people are documented in the bible as never dying. one was enoch, who was taken up to heaven in genesis . the other was this prophet, who according to ii kings , "went up by a whirlwind into heaven". who was this servant of god who was whisked to heaven on a chariot of fire by way of a whirlwind? according to joshua , while joshua was holding camp in the large city of gibeon, five kings of surrounding areas banded together to wage war upon joshua's people. this would prove disheartening to them, as god was with joshua's men and they were forced to flee after losing the battle. but the weather played a part afterwards. before they had made the complete retreat back home, the armies were nearly wiped out by what weather phenomenon brought on by god? according to the book of the same name, this man of god had a vision that featured some unique weather. from the opening verses of the first chapter: "and i looked, and, behold, a whirlwind came out of the north, a great cloud, and a fire infolding itself, and a brightness was about it, and out of the midst thereof as the colour of amber, out of the midst of the fire." the vision gets even more intense after that. who was this godly man? in the king james version, along with several other translations, "peace, be still" are famous words used to stop a storm while riding on a boat. what transpired previous to those words frightened all the passengers on the boat, as the strong wind was threatening to capsize the boat. who was it that ended this weather malady with three simple words? john the baptist copyright, funtrivia.com. . legal conditions of use compiled nov
__label__non_math	0.9995	if you are going to pose the question, what s in your bowl as your merry little slogan, then the logo for the london olympics does not reflect the identity of the games, marketers have suggested. according to a survey commissioned by the chartered institute of marketing cim , more than half per cent of marketers polled have serious doubts about the logo s effectiveness. i ve been keeping an eye on several seo related discussions on small business forums lately, and to be perfectly honest some of the advice being dished out by self proclaimed experts is somewhat disturbing. i ve chipped in my 2c from time to time on the recent discussions, but having read back even a week or ... i ll kick off things with disclosing that i don t have a very high opinion of bigmouthmedia. i worked there jan jan and left fairly disenchanted with the company having had more than one disagreement with the powers that be about various things and some blog posts which ultimately led to them threatening legal ... how funny is this? year to develop and 400,000 spent yes, 400,000 it seems that brings us a seos are teh devil mantra from a multitude of newly crowned golden children of the web and to be perfectly honest it s starting to annoy me. no doubt the likes of slashdot have already dealt with and got over the impact the seo industry may or may not have ... i know that it seems incredibly simplistic, but a site without content has almost no value to man, beast or search engine. of late i ve been approached by a number of sme clients asking for expert advice in how they can grow the revenues in theire online advertising affiliate sites. any publicity is good publicity i ve never believed this old adage i think it s an arrogant dismissal by incompetent marketers who can t manage their public relations properly. until recently it has never really been a big concern in the online world, but with an explosion of online communities over the past few years and ... some snippets popping up in blog related search queries on google now plus selling blogger. example: well it s been less than a week since marketing firm zipatoni were outted as being the brains behind the sony xmas viral site for their psp. zipatoni did respond briefly as mentioned in my previous post, but it was as bollocks as the whole marketing campaign itself. the site has since been taken down ...
__label__non_math	1.0000	jess todd moves faster than the wind. if he s involved in the derosa deal, that s going to be a harder trade to stomach. it s one thing to give up you future closer chris perez but another to give up him and the guy that might have been setting him up next year. i still wonder if todd could handle starting but in the pen he s a setup guy for me and possibly more than that. i don t think he s really found his power stroke yet, but that s something that s kind of been his trademark is having a lot of power, maloney said. people have got to understand, he was playing the college world series last year . he s in triple-a baseball. he s a young kid and he s doing a heck of a job for us. he s going to get better. it s just a matter of time. i agree with tony larussa s recent comments about wallace staying in the minors this year. sure he s hitting well at the moment but we re talking about a week span of success that s predicated largely on hitting for average. wallace still isn t destroying aaa. one thing wallace has improved is his defense. he has a strong arm, but what has been most surprising has been his range and footwork for a hefty player listed at -, 205 pounds. he s got good first-step quickness for his size, maloney said. he s lost about pounds since spring training so he s getting in better shape. i expect him, as he improves his physique, his defense is going to get better and better. . he s still going to have to get a little bit slimmer. he s never going to be a gazelle-looking kid. anything he can do to help his quickness is going to be a plus for him. first off, there s not an unrigged scale in the world that s gonna weigh wallace in at 205. second, it s not the first step that s the problem; it s the 4th and 5th. wallace s range is simply limited. he may have good first instincts and that matters at 3rd but his defense has a ways to go as does his physique as maloney notes. the cardinals aren t shy about these types of comments they said the same thing to perez before the season and kudos to maloney for not ducking an issue that s obvious. how long until hl comes up with a robert stock pun? kevin goldstein couldn t resist as stock made his daily update batch. i think this is just the second cardinal minor leaguer to make an update this year with wallace showing up a few weeks ago. - jon jay was -for-. - nick stavinoha was -for-with a walk. - clayton mortensen had a stellar outing for memphis. this is why the comments about mortensen s role in the big leagues were so premature after his debut last week. mortensen could use some more seasoning in aaa but he s got potential to be the best big league starter out side of perhaps jaime garcia given time. he goes innings for memphis striking out . he allowed a run hr among hits walking just . even with all the ks he still had groundball outs among balls in play. just an excellent outing for mort. - jess todd picks up the save with a hit and a k. - pete kozma goes -for-with a walk. - tyler henley was -for-with a pair of walks. - colt sedbrook was -for-with a double. - lance lynn lacked command during today s game walking . he allowed er in innings striking out . - tyler norrick struck out in ip. he walked and allowed a hit. he s got his era under and has strung together a few solid outings now. the command is still an issue but he s struck out in ip this season. - sam freeman struck out and walked in innings of work. - adron chambers was -for-with a walk. - oliver marmol was -for-with a hr. - blake king has the only noteworthy pitching line. he struck out and walked in .scoreless frames. - alex castellanos and jason stidham were -for-with a walk. - travis mitchell was -for-. - brett zawacki lasted .innings allowing just er on hits. he struck out and recorded of outs on the ground. - matthew frevert struck out recording outs. he allowed hit. batavia , auburn game : innings - alan ahmady continues his hot start going -for-. he s got a .967 ops over the first games. - ryde rodriguez cannot be slowed. he has a -for-effort. - jairo martinez went yard. - niko vasquez was -for-and is hitting. . . . .136 in batavia. as the 15th best prospect on our list last year, his season has been an unequivocal disappointment. - chris corrigan struck out in innings. he allowed hits and walk. batavia , auburn game : innings - d marcus ingram was -for-with walks. - alan ahmady was -for-with a double and a walk. - xavier scruggs was -for-with a double and a pair of walks. - ryde rodriguez was -for-with a double. - ryan jackson was -for-with a walk. - joe kelly sighting - michael swinson was -for-with a double and a walk. he also stole his 4th base. - matthew adams was -for-with a walk. - robert stock was -for-with 3ks and a walk. - edgar lara was -for-with a double and a walk. - justin smith got tagged for runs earned on hits in .ip. - kyle heim threw .scoreless frames and jason novak chipped in a scoreless frame.
__label__non_math	0.9928	sugar futures here is an update regarding my sugar futures trading plan. i am generally looking to try and catch a bottom in the market on the daily charts. the daily chart is showing an macd divergence pointing towards a buy entry, so i have been looking at buy opportunities on the minute sugar charts. here is a picture of today's minute october sugar contract. we can see labels number , , and on the chart. indicates my first entry today at my time . entry price was .. as you can see, prices rallied in the early morning to the .level, this allowed me to move my stop above my break-even point. later on, the stop was hit and my position was exited at at .for a few points profit. later in day, prices entered the low areas. again, i bought at at .at around because i am looking for an upwards price move, and this was "cheap picking". at this point in the day, the minute chart was also looking like an macd divergence. i must admit, i am a little bit concerned that recent lows may not hold. however, that is why i use stops. my overall attitude for sugar is still to be looking for a trend reversal on the daily charts. regarding other matters, i had wanted to short the usdx early this week, but then memorial day and a gap-down opening on sunday evening prevented me from doing so. by the time the tuesday session had begun on monday evening, my opportunity was gone. i thought it was funny that prices opened sunday exactly where i was planning to take my profits my plan was to short at ., exit at .- . now the usdx is making new highs again into the 's. i'm hoping this leads to a downward correction soon, but we'll see. go to contact us go to reviews go from sugar futures to home page
__label__non_math	0.7678	news that standard poors had downgraded italian debt from a to a gave gold prices a modest lift this morning in london trading. s p attributed the ratings cut to weak growth which would limit italy s ability to reduce its debt burden; indeed it could be argued that the cuts governments are trying to push through would in all likelihood exacerbate the problem because it would lead to lower personal spending as consumer spending fell and therefore lower tax revenues, leading to a spiral downwards. this is a common theme across europe where so much spending is dedicated to personal consumption rather than investment in economic infrastructure to generate the means to pay down that debt. indeed the latest news might rekindle the joke about europe itself becoming 'sub-standard and poor' itself. gold prices have been vacillating just south of the ,800 level for a few days now caught between good asian buying on dips and profit-taking on rallies. on the year-to-date gold is exactly in line with the gains made in both and at ; that performance has been consistent with the vix index or fear index which has spiked above in both the previous two years. an alternative 'fear index' it could be argued is the number of times "price of gold" is typed into google as a search term. if that argument holds, then it can be inferred that the background interest in gold during quiet periods is four times greater than it was at the beginning of the bull run in . it can also be inferred that the spike in searches for gold prices a couple of months ago was twice as big as we saw at the height of the lehman crisis in , suggesting that the recent crisis over u.s. debt ceiling raising and indeed european sovereign debt issues were felt twice as acutely as the financial turmoil in . if nothing else, it tells us just how mainstream gold has become. currently italian year bonds are at . - which is half way between critical and requiring ecb and imf support and the level at which it is uncomfortable but manageable. the gold markets will be keeping a close eye on those rates over the next few weeks for developments. with gold off its peak of ,920, the onus is on the bulls to prove the case for higher prices and in the absence of significant new developments on the economy, we could foresee a little price weakness from here over the next few weeks. ross norman is the owner and chief executive officer of the london-based gold broker sharps pixley ltd.
__label__non_math	0.9994	when a major company declares bankruptcy, the reverberations can be felt throughout the economy. the last decade has witnessed some of the largest in history and mf global s recent bankruptcy is just the latest in a string of economy rocking bankruptcies. as investigations are begun, we wanted to look back at some of the other large bankruptcies in american history. here are the top largest bankruptcies according to bankruptcydata.com. thornburg mortgage was a publicly traded real estate investment trust that originated, acquired and managed mortgages, with a specific focus on jumbo and super jumbo adjustable rate mortgages. troubles for the firm started in as the housing bubble began to collapse and it faced multiple margin calls from creditors. thornburg mortgages ceased operations after entering chapter bankruptcy. bankruptcy filing: assets: .billion chrysler has been an american automobile icon since . chrysler saw sales decline steeply in as the financial crisis spilled from the housing market into other markets. chrysler was able to secure funding and backing of its warranties from the u.s. government. chrysler came out of bankruptcy on , just days after entering bankruptcy protection. bankruptcy filing: assets: .billion jon corzine, a former goldman sachs co-ceo and former governor of new jersey, was appointed ceo in march with the aim of transforming the broker into an investment bank. on mf global reported a .million quarterly loss as a result of trading on european government bonds and its debt was downgraded to junk status. bankruptcy filing: assets: .billion conseco was an insurance company that was formed in and provided life insurance, annuity and supplemental health insurance products to more than million customers. conseco entered chapter in and emerged nine months later. in , conseco s board approved changing the company s name to cno financial group. bankruptcy filing: enron has become synonymous with accounting fraud. enron employed ,000 staff and was one of the world s leading electricity, natural gas, communications companies. at the end of , its financial situation was revealed to be the result of creative accounting and erupted into the enron scandal. enron emerged from bankruptcy in for the sole purpose of selling off its assets. bankruptcy filing: assets: .billion cit group is a bank holding company founded in . it provides financing and leasing capital to its more than one million small business and middle market clients and their customers. in , cit became a bank holding company in order to qualify for, and ultimately receive .billion in tarp funds. it emerged from chapter on , days after entering bankruptcy. bankruptcy filing: assets: .billion general motors company faced the same financial difficulties as chrysler as the financial crisis got underway in and was forced into bankruptcy in june . with financing partially provided by the u.s. government, gm emerged from bankruptcy on . it was re-listed on the nyse on with an ipo value of .billion. the u.s. government still owns a stake in the company. bankruptcy filing: assets: billion worldcom was one of the largest telecommunications companies in the united states in the 1990s. beginning in and, the company used fraudulent accounting methods to mask its declining earnings by painting a false picture of financial growth and profitability to prop up the price of worldcom s stock. when it entered bankruptcy, it was the largest company to ever file for chapter . bankruptcy filing: assets: .billion washington mutual was a savings bank holding company that controlled washington mutual bank until its collapse in . washington mutual bank was seized by the office of thrift supervision and placed into the receivership of the fdic in september after withdraws of .billion. bankruptcy filing: assets: .billion before declaring bankruptcy in , lehman brothers was a global financial services firm doing business in banking, research and trading. it was the fourth largest investment bank in the united states. lehman entered bankruptcy following the massive exodus of clients and devaluation of its assets by credit rating agencies. many say the government s willingness to let lehman fail played a role in the recent financial crisis. bankruptcy filing: assets: billion
__label__non_math	0.9997	we all have a lot to be thankful for, especially if you are a commodity news junkie. it seems we have had a cornucopia of news and it just keeps giving. the petroleum markets were giving thanks for secretary of state hillary clinton s trip to the middle east and the perhaps premature report of a cease fire deal. in fact it almost seemed that the markets gave up more than they got as they took a sharp drop. yet as the day wore on it became less clear that a deal had been reached. after reports of a deal, the rockets continued to fly and overnight there are disturbing report of a bus bomb. the ap reported that, "a bomb ripped through an israeli bus near the nation's military headquarters in tel aviv on wednesday, wounding at least people, israeli officials said. oil also rebounded on what was a very bullish american petroleum institute supply report. the api sent prices spiking on a monstrous .million barrel drop in gasoline stocks. the biggest drop came in the gulf coast as refiner problems in texas city and borger city and supply displacement as the u.s. waved to jones act to get more gasoline to the east coast. the east coast saw the next largest drop in supply as refiners and import terminals were struggling to get back to normal. we did get some news on the refining front. bloomberg news reported that a, "phillips s bayway plant in new jersey, the largest single refinery on the u.s. east coast, will start producing fuel next week at the earliest, a person with direct knowledge of operations there said. the refinery may take until early december to return to full rates as equipment is brought back online sequentially, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the information isn t public. the plant was restoring cooling system water pumps yesterday and working to bring back steam before returning process units to service, the person said. the bayway refinery was one of seven plants that halted production or cut rates as hurricane sandy struck the u.s. northeast last month, shutting fuel terminals, pipelines and gas stations in its path. bayway is the only refinery that remains shut since the storm. dennis nuss, a phillips spokesman at the company s headquarters in houston, said the company still expects the plant to return to normal operations before the end of the month. he declined to comment on when it will be producing at full capacity. sandy, which went ashore near atlantic city, new jersey, on oct. , primarily damaged electrical equipment at bayway, phillips said in a statement on its website on nov. . process units at the plant were in good condition, the company said at the time. the plant can process 238,000 barrels a day of feedstock, data compiled by bloomberg show. sunoco inc. s philadelphia refinery, made up of two plants known as the girard point and point breeze sections, can run 355,000 barrels a day. bloomberg also reported that phillips has extended work at its borger, texas, refinery at least a week and as long as two weeks because repairs were more difficult to make than anticipated, a person with knowledge of the situation said. startup of the production units will take another two to three days after maintenance is complete, said the person, who declined to be identified because the information isn t public. the work, which began on sept. after being delayed about days, was scheduled to be completed this week, the person said. the api also said crude supply fell by .million barrels and distillates by a disturbing .one million barrels. this was especially disturbing consider the forecasts that predict much colder weather. markets like gas-oil and heating oil and even orange juice soared as reports that old man winter might make his presence known. not only did the noaa raise the possibility of colder than normal temperatures in florida where the oranges might be at risk to a frost, it could take a toll of heating oil supply that is already below normal. those fears gain more momentum when as bloomberg news reported that -- commodity weather group llc said december may be colder than predicted in its initial seasonal outlook, which would mean greater demand for energy to heat u.s. homes and businesses this winter. temperatures for the month are expected to be lower than last year and below the -year average, according to the bethesda, maryland-based company s new forecast. the eu agave the euro a hiccup as well as the eurozone s finance ministers could not agree to another greek bailout. this comes ahead of more rough negotiations of an upcoming battle of eu fiscal spending over the next few years. buckle up as the eu merry-go-round will spin. it is amazing the euro held up as well as it did. perhaps it is because of the looming fiscal cliff. federal reserve chairman ben bernanke begged the obama administration to strike a budget deal to avert tax increases and spending cuts that could trigger a recession next year over what he called the so called fiscal cliff . hey ben , you named it the fiscal cliff we should also be very thankful for fracking that has the potential to reinvigorate our economy, create jobs and lead us to energy independence. yet, reuters news reports that governor andrew cuomo said new york will probably miss a nov. deadline to issue regulations on hydraulic fracturing for natural gas, restarting a public review that may delay drilling for months. the state, which has been studying fracking for more than four years, issued a moratorium in so regulators could conduct an environmental survey and develop rules. in september, the cuomo administration said health commissioner nirav shah would further analyze the issue with the help of an outside panel, whose members were chosen last week. we want a proper process, cuomo said today on albany radio station talk . we want it as expeditiously as possible. i don t see how we get it done by next week. cuomo, a -year-old democrat who has been mentioned as a potential presidential candidate in , has been under pressure from energy companies and some municipalities in the state s southern tier to allow drilling. they say it would encourage the type of economic development seen in states from wyoming to pennsylvania. environmental groups and residents opposed to fracking sent ,000 messages to the environmental conservation department during the last comment period. it may already be too late for new york to cash in on the boom that led natural-gas companies to spend billion in additional economic output that ohio is forecast to get by .
__label__non_math	0.9672	if expiration is already influential then is it bullish that tests of support are recovering, even though their recoveries to resistance are not? pattern points setups and technicals like the wedex signal on wednesday , thursday s probe under support was recovered. like wedex, it was recovered back to prior highs but no higher, at least not through the close. that s why wedex itself was only passively bullish. only holding another test of support is just more of the same. thursday s open did fail to recover , so expiration isn t immune from trending down anyway. i was willing to give the rally every benefit of the doubt for extending, so long as held as support. it did, but not without behaving poorly during thursday s last hour. timing windows failed to gain traction as fresh highs failed to extend higher. now i m willing to give the rally every benefit of the doubt if it is underway through friday s open. because thursday afternoon s pattern was likely to trend into the close, but didn t, friday s open is likely to trend without delay. so, rather than patiently monitor friday s open waiting for a setup, any early signal would be credible for extending through the opening minutes of volatility. if that s upward, then wedex could reinforce a squeeze into the weekend to . otherwise, down might know where to stop. what s next outlook and opportunities the likelihood for immediate trending friday is doubly interesting. trending through the opening minutes of expiration tends also to entrench that trend through the close. since volume tends to evaporate ahead of a -day holiday weekend, expiration s trend would be even more controlling. look for at least one update overnight or ahead of the morning market tour my thoughts on the day s econ calendar are linked here.
__label__non_math	0.9455	price swings in u.s. stocks are narrowing the most since the great depression, a signal of reviving investor confidence that s fueling the bull market poised to enter its fifth year. average daily price moves for the standard poor s 500 index have fallen to . in from an average . the past five years, the steepest decline for any corresponding period since the 1930s, according to data compiled by bloomberg. the last time the annual average was this low was , when the s p 500 surged and doubled in the next four years. stocks gain an average during years when the gyrations are so small, the data going back to show. the combination of declining volatility and the best start to a year since is prompting bears to warn that investors are growing complacent as the rally ages. bulls cite smaller fluctuations as another reason to buy, on top of rising earnings forecasts, below-average valuations and the biggest deposits in equity mutual funds in nine years. switching from net outflows to net inflows has been a big part of volatility being dampened, michael shaoul, the chairman and chief executive officer at marketfield asset management, said in a feb. phone interview. there s net buying, so it s much, much easier for the market to stabilize, said shaoul, who oversees more than billion in new york and has beaten of peers in the past five years. then you have a feedback loop with the retail investor, who sees a more sedate market and that encourages people to give more allocations to funds. the s p 500 climbed . to ,519.last week for a seventh week of gains and the longest winning streak in two years. the benchmark u.s. equity gauge is up . in after the best january since and is about . below ,565., the record reached in october before it retreated through march . the index rose . to ,530.today. the s p 500 swung more than on four days in , down from an average of seven days a month during the past five years, bloomberg data show. volatility was that high for 122 days in as the housing market collapsed, lehman brothers holdings inc. filed for bankruptcy and investor confidence was shattered by the plunge in u.s. equities that wiped out trillion of market value. price swings haven t been so narrow since , when the s p 500 rose or fell about . per day. the benchmark gauge s advance that year, the biggest since , set the stage for a five-year rally, the data show. average daily volatility at . coincided with a gain for the s p 500 in and a surge in , according to the data. halliburton co., fedex corp. and textron inc. are among the stocks that have seen their daily price changes narrow by at least .percentage point this year. the retail investor is swayed by the ups and downs of the market, especially after , eric teal, chief investment officer at first citizens bancshares inc., which manages .billion in raleigh, north carolina, said in a feb. phone interview. we haven t had a lot of external shocks to the market like we ve had in the past years, so it s a little more encouraging for them and i would expect to see them keep pulling money out of bond funds and into equity funds. investors who pulled almost billion into equity funds in january, the most since , estimates from the washington- based investment company institute show. technology companies and financial institutions received the biggest inflows, according to data from birinyi associates inc., the westport, connecticut-based investment adviser. smaller price fluctuations may be a sign that investors are becoming too complacent, according to usaa investments. the federal reserve has left its target interest rate for overnight loans between banks near zero since and promised not to increase it as long as the unemployment rate stays above . , forcing investors to search for higher returns in risker securities. money-market funds yielded an average of . as of feb. , according to crane data, while the s p 500 has climbed over the past months. what we re concerned about now is it may have run too far too fast, john toohey, vice president of equity investments at usaa, which manages more than billion, said in a feb. phone interview from san antonio, texas. economic growth isn t that strong at the moment. any sort of crisis, we re worried that volatility will spike up, and with equity markets recently being so strong, it s likely to lead to a correction. investors are piling into stocks because the fed s bond purchases have depressed interest rates on treasuries and created an artificial environment, according to nassim nicholas taleb, professor at new york university and author of the black swan and antifragile: things that gain from disorder. i am forced to buy stocks myself because i m afraid of bonds, taleb said in an interview on bloomberg television s market makers with erik schatzker and sara eisen. we have never lived in a world as artificial as today, as far away from the organic nature of how things should be. any environment that cannot convert crisis to fuel is doomed. u.s. gross domestic product unexpectedly contracted in the fourth quarter and is forecast to expand . this year, according to the median of economist estimates compiled by bloomberg. the unemployment rate is at . , compared with the . average since . corporate profits may drop . this quarter, analyst estimates compiled by bloomberg show. lower-than-average volatility preceded the last bear market, when daily swings fell to an average . during the two years before the s p 500 peaked. the index tumbled in , the biggest drop since . volatility at today s levels has never led to losses on the s p 500. in the nine instances that the index gained or fell . or less, the s p 500 ended the year higher. the chicago board options exchange volatility index also has declined in , dropping as much as to a five- year low of .. declines in the vix, which measures options contracts on the s p 500, came before gains in the s p 500 in and at the end of . earnings at s p 500 companies will expand . this year and . in , according to more than ,900 analyst estimates compiled by bloomberg. profits have grown for four straight years. we have finally reached the point where investors are more comfortable buying stocks again, said howard ward, the chief investment officer at rye, new york-based gamco investors inc., which oversees .billion. investor concern about growth and corporate profits is keeping valuations attractive, according to wayne lin, a fund manager at baltimore-based legg mason inc., which oversees billion. the s p 500 trades at a discount to its six-decade average. the price-earnings ratio climbed to last week, . below the .average since the 1950s, data compiled by bloomberg show. people aren t fully convinced that the tail risks are gone, lin said in a feb. phone interview. once the market believes that tail risks are off the table completely, that will filter into higher valuations. apple inc., based in cupertino, california, trades near a record low multiple and is poised to gain, according to ward. shares of the world s largest company by market value are the cheapest in years relative to the s p 500 after falling to .in . halliburton swung between gains and losses of . so far in , down from . the past three years. the biggest provider of services for hydraulic-fracturing, or fracking, to extract natural gas advanced in , compared with . for the s p 500. the houston-based company surpassed analyst profit projections by . last quarter. fedex, the memphis, tennessee-based operator of the world s largest cargo airline, is up this year, as daily volatility fell to . , from . in the three previous years, data compiled by bloomberg show. shares of textron, the providence, rhode island-based maker of the cessna aircraft, are fluctuating . on average, compared with . since . bridgewater associates lp, the billion hedge fund founded by ray dalio, is betting on stocks as economic confidence encourages investors to shift to riskier assets, bob prince, the co-chief investment officer, told clients on a jan. conference call. the point is not so much that we re going to be in the gangbuster period of growth, prince said, according to a transcript of the call obtained by bloomberg news. it s more that growth is likely to be better, particularly in the united states, than it has been. it s more of a movement of capital. the money moving out the risk curve and into risk assets won t take much growth to trigger that kind of shift.
__label__non_math	0.9935	west texas intermediate oil slipped to the lowest level this year as chinese manufacturing expanded less than forecast and u.s. federal spending cuts were set to be triggered, bolstering concern that fuel demand will decline. futures fell . after data showed china s manufacturing slowed for a second month while factory output in the euro area contracted for the 19th straight month. democrats and republicans are in a standoff over how to replace the cuts totaling billion of which would occur in this fiscal year. opec raised output . to .million a day in february, a bloomberg survey showed. the global manufacturing numbers are very weak, and that s always bad for commodities, said bill o grady, chief market strategist at confluence investment management in st. louis, which oversees .billion. budget cuts come into effect today, and although they may not be as bad as previously thought, they may have a negative impact on commodity demand. crude oil for april delivery fell .a barrel on the new york mercantile exchange, the lowest settlement since dec. . prices dropped . this week. the volume of all futures traded was little changed from the 100-day average at p.m. brent oil for april settlement dropped cents, or . , to .to wti, up from .yesterday. in china, the world s biggest oil-consuming country after the u.s., manufacturing slowed last month, the pmi report from the federation of logistics and purchasing in beijing showed. the reading fell to .last month from .in january. a gauge of u.k. manufacturing based on a survey of purchasing managers slid to .last month, according to markit economics and the chartered institute of purchasing and supply. in the euro region, a factory gauge was unchanged in february at ., marking a 19th month of contraction, according to a separate markit report today. oil is down because of the disappointing manufacturing index data overnight, especially the chinese number, which shows the country had the smallest of expansions, said john kilduff, a partner at again capital llc, a new york-based hedge fund that focuses on energy. u.k. manufacturing has plunged into contraction, which is going to hurt demand. futures rebounded from the day s lows u.s. consumer confidence increased and a report showed that manufacturing grew at the fastest pace since june . the dollar climbed to the highest level against the euro in almost three months after italian elections this week delivered a four-way parliamentary split. the u.s. currency rose above .against the pound for the first time since july . a stronger dollar curbs the appeal of raw materials to investors. we re seeing a lot of flight into the dollar since the italian election, kilduff said. the pound broke through .today, which is a very important level. the standard poor s gsci index of commodities fell as much as . to 640., the lowest level since dec. . output by members of the organization of petroleum exporting countries climbed as a gain by libya outweighed a cut by saudi arabia, the bloomberg survey showed. libyan daily production increased by 130,000 barrels to .million last month, the biggest gain of any member, after the reopening of the country s zueitina export terminal early in february. saudi arabia, opec s biggest producer, pumped million barrels a day, the least since may , according to the survey. output was down 100,000 barrels from january and 900,000 barrels from may, when production reached the highest since at least january . we re seeing oil be more conservatively priced, but we still aren t at fair value, said tim evans, an energy analyst at citi futures perspective in new york. the fundamentals support a price in the area. u.s. crude inventories increased .million barrels to 377.million last week, the highest level since july, a feb. energy information administration report showed. output climbed to .million barrels a day in the week ended feb. , the most since august . the fundamentals didn t justify the high level of oil prices, said julius walker, global energy markets strategist at ubs securities llc in new york. the fundamentals are reasserting themselves. net-long positions in west texas intermediate oil held by money managers, or wagers on rising prices, climbed to 221,534 in the week ended feb. , the highest level since march , according to the commodity futures trading commission s commitments of traders report. one has to remember that there was an awful lot of length in the market, evans said. we re seeing massive reversal now, which is putting pressure on futures. electronic trading volume on the nymex was 453,728 contracts as of p.m. it totaled 455,826 contracts yesterday, below the three-month average. open interest was .million contracts.
__label__non_math	0.9898	- cree xm-l led up to candela, 800 lumens - digitally regulated output, maintains constant brightness - reverse polarity protection circuit board - dual button switch in the front, convenient operation - toughened ultra-clear double glass lens with anti-reflective coating - made of durable aircraft-grade aluminum - military specification type iii hard anodized on the surface - great for hiking, camping, backpacking, outdoors, and as an emergency light - powered by x aa battery not included - modes of output: --low: lumens 240 hrs --medium: 108 lumens hrs --high: 335 lumens hrs mins --turbo: 800 lumens hrs mins --strobe: 800 lumens --sos: 108 lumens - distance: 472m - waterproof: yes, to ipx-standard - product size l x w x h : .x .x cm - product weight: 266 g - x flashlight - x spare o-ring - x lanyard - main features: there are two key factors which will affect the time you receive your items. . item processing time after the receiving of your order, we need some time to test the product in order to ensure its quality. there are different kinds of processing time for different items. average processing time is working days; however, it varies from the item's stock status. as for the small quantity, the processing time is -days while as for the large quantity, it will be about -days. . shipping methods gadgetsdealer.com accept paypal, wire transfer , western union as the payment methods. the most convenient payment method in the world. . wire transfer for order which is more than , please contact us at support note: please do email us your order number, the amount you pay, the exact date you do the wire transfer after you pay for it . western union please contact us at: support for details. note: please email us the following information after you pay the western union the digit control number. sender's name. the exact amount you send. sender's address. your shipping address.
__label__non_math	0.9952	nokia c5-will be new affordable price phone in india. nokia c5-is the cheaper version of nokia c5-. nokia c5-is driven by 600 mhz processor and symbian os s60 5th edition. the nokia c5-sports a .inch resistive touchscreen display, mp camera, video player recording, music player, .mm audio jack, 256 mb rom, 128 mb ram, mb internal memory, up to 16gb external memory support and more. nokia c5-also comes with bluetooth, micro usb, email, mail for exchange, access to ovi store, and social networking integration. nokia c5-features and specs: dimensions: 105.x x .mm os: symbian s60 processor: 600 mhz display: .inch resistive touchscreen 360 x 640 pixels resolution mp camera with 3x digital zoom .mm jack mb internal memory 128 mb ram, 256 mb rom upto 16gb expandable memory bluetooth, usb data connectivity edge, gprs, wap . java, abode flashlite .support gpa with a-gps easy-to-use email client ovi mail: free email account from nokia instant messaging through nokia messaging nokia messaging for email battery: mah talk-time: upto .hours stand-by time: up to days weight: grams nokia c5-price the nokia c5-price is not revealed yet. it should be rs. approx.
__label__non_math	1.0000	merrill to announce secretary of state candidacy published: saturday, at p.m. last modified: saturday, at p.m. montgomery state rep. john merrill, r-tuscaloosa, said friday he announce next week that he will run for secretary of state in . merrill, a freshman, said he will announce his candidacy at stops in tuscaloosa and huntsville on tuesday, and montgomery and mobile on wednesday. he was elected to the house from district in when then-state rep. gerald allen, r-cottondale, was elected to the senate. he is secretary treasurer of the house republican caucus. . this copyrighted material may not be re-published without permission. links are encouraged.
__label__non_math	0.9096	perfect imperfect september - beverly hills, ca t. 310.271. f. 310.271. hours: tue-sat - opening reception: saturday, september , gagosian gallery is pleased to present the first comprehensive exhibition dedicated to the paintings, drawings, sculpture and prints of roy lichtenstein's perfect and imperfect paintings series. this exhibition will also inaugurate the newly expanded beverly hills gallery, designed by richard meier partners. this series began in with the production of "perfect" paintings, abstract compositions of intersecting triangles, large planes of color and signature dots all fitting neatly within the confines of a rectangular picture plane. the imperfect paintings that followed, however, broke free from the rectilinear shape of their predecessors; instead of making the triangles fit, the edges project beyond the limits of the canvas. lichtenstein would often use a similar composition for a perfect and for an imperfect painting, where only the slight torque of a line created an entirely new work. this exhibition has been made possible with the help of the roy lichtenstein foundation, dorothy lichtenstein, and the estate of roy lichtenstein. a color catalogue will accompany the exhibition with an essay by yve-alain bois.
__label__non_math	1.0000	- dramatic, long cut in front - wear and wrap multiple ways - soft heathered eco jersey - breathable and light - made exclusively by gaiam those pining for dramatic drape should look no further than this cardigan. cut longer in front, this soft heathered top can be worn and wrapped multiple ways. use as a comfy cover-up or as a luxurious lounge piece. rayon from sustainable bamboo, sorona jersey. machine wash. made in the usa. cut long in front; hits below knee. the body figure to the left shows how this garment fits to the body. this garment is cut long in front and designed to hit below the knee. the back hits at the waist. scroll down for size chart.
__label__math	0.9682	the code complete -dvd set the ancients knew about an earth grid of powerful energies and believed they coalesced in designated patterns. learn how such knowledge translated into an extraordinary mathematical precision, as revealed in monuments including the great pyramids of egypt, stonehenge, teotihuac n and many others. 300 minutes. -dvd set.
__label__non_math	0.9996	fg--pgwas made by sakuchwan, he was a poor man who had a dream of making as much gold as quickly as he could. this is his achievement - fg4pg founder i hope that we can help you advance your goals and finish those wishlists. or if you just have a gambling problem... but don't think this guild is only for the poor, if you are rich and wish to help out more unfortunate souls, you are welcome as well. crew: vice captains rules and regulations - short version you must follow the gaia tos and rules regulations at all times . every thread must have a poll. . post your topic in the appropriate place or it will be moved. . do not post in seven day old threads unless you have actual interest in the topic. . do not spam or bump in the main forum, or in any subforum except for spamalot. . do not role-play rape. this is against the tos. . do not pm any of the mods asking for donations. we donate at random and we donate to alot of people. . for questions about gaia and why it wont work, ect. put in the main forum to be answered and we will move it later. for a more thorough understanding of our guild's rules, please read this thread and this one, too, before posting still not sure if you want to join? read what some of our dedicated members have to say about their beloved guild this guild is great. i love it why i like the guild:this guild is a great place to meet new people and make gold at the same time. some of the people i have met may not exactly be what you call "mentally stable" but none the less they are good people. xd this place helped me find my very first friends on gaia when i first started and i hope that i can be that to other new members. a little about myself: i'm dr entropy but my old friends here call me soul from my past usernames. feel free to call me soul, dr, dr e. or anything of the sort. i'm . i live in the sunny state of florida. i have pocky withdrawals, i mosh in the shower, i worship arizona iced tea, and i talk to myself in elevators. i'm almost always willing to talk to anyone about music so long as your open minded about it . hey guys squeemoon here :well you can call me squee if you want ;dd i am known around the guild as a weirdo.... well most probably :i am quite random in how i answer topics etc.... i am liked i hope . wink : d i like art i do draw but not very often i use smiles a if you hadn't noticed i use many kinds but this isn't really about me talking about smiles? well i hope not o.o that would be quite boring eh? well on to me 8d i'm a girl and birthday is 10th may work my age out for your self ;d i'm in college and learn stuffs 8d anyway go read about the other awesome people ;d get off my internet you damn kids and i'm frito 's brothers so that's like bonus all the awesome people here keep me active cause they're all amazing and i like talking with them blaugh lyss the one in the back lyss hangs out in fg--pg because it's an awesome guild. it has a dedicated crew, an amazing guild leader, and the usual senior people who help point people in the right direction. lyss is an awesome guild peep because lyss is chock full of wit, she can come up with pretty kick-a nicknames, and cause everyone loves lyss's third person references. xd lyss just wants to let the new peeps know not to tick off the seniors, as that is not cool. what makes me hang out in the guild: fg4pg has the perfect mix of people and insanity- its a little insane, quite intelligent, and full of randomness; it keeps me on my toes, makes me think and makes me laugh. the people have given me more support, friendship, lols, and facepalms than i ever expected and that's awesome. what makes me awesome: wouldnt you like to know ninja i'm patient, willing to state my opinion xd , and willing to admit that i am wrong. willing to laugh at others and at myself, i'm pretty easy going, and always willing to lend members a helping hand when i can. and that's why i'm awesome wink
__label__non_math	0.9999	plan your week what's going on in music, movies and more published: monday, at a.m. last modified: friday, at p.m. fiery latin guitar and dance communicating with the fda: panel discussion and presentation on channels of communication, -p.m., sf perry center, nw 119th terrace, alachua. free. 386-462- election night at the hipp: election returns featured on the cinema screen and on additional screens indoors and outside, voters from all political parties welcome, p.m. tuesday, hippodrome theatre, se second place. free. 375- raised bed vegetable gardening: learn what crops to grow in a fall garden in raised beds, -p.m. wednesday, alachua county extension office, ne 39th ave. free. pre-register, 337- veterans day concert: the buchholz high school band presents a musical salute to troops with narrator bernie machen, uf president, p.m. thursday, phillips center, 315 hull road. free, donation of one canned food item requested. buchholzband.com gator growl: country star josh turner and comedian tracy morgan, formerly on snl and star of the hit nbc series rock, perform live, -p.m. friday, ben hill griffin stadium, uf campus. tickets: general admission. gatorgrowl.org gainesville street rods car show cruise-in: classic cars and street rods on display, cash drawings, prizes, music, -p.m. saturday, springhill commons publix, nw 39th ave. free. 658- siberian virtuosi: twelve violinists and a pianist from the russian republic of sakha perform a program ranging from classical composers to a hollywood medley, p.m. sunday, university auditorium, uf campus. tickets: . long known for his fiery musical performances on spanish guitar, the musician benise will combine that with a high-energy production featuring his international dance troupe on wednesday at the phillips center. called en fuengo benise en fuengo vote tuesday but laugh riotously tonight in what's fast becoming a tradition for uf performing arts every four years: having washington d.c.'s famed capitol steps perform in gainesville on the eve of election day. best of all, tickets are still available. capitol steps: p.m. monday, phillips center, 315 hull road. tickets: . 392-, ticketmaster.com the uf school of theatre and dance production of ajax in iraq, with katherine pankow, follows the parallel stories of a female american soldier in iraq, and of the greek warrior ajax in the trojan war. performances run through nov. in the mcguire black box theatre. ajax in iraq : p.m. today, wednesday-thursday and nov. -; p.m. nov. ; mcguire black box theatre, 687 mccarty drive. tickets: . 273- the rock 'n' roll dance band the shambles performs everything from dire straits and talking heads to ray charles and the rolling stones in the final installment of the free fridays concert series at the bo diddley community plaza. the shambles: -p.m. friday, bo diddley community plaza, 111 e. university ave. free. tuesday's dvd releases arthur christmas, animated comedy entourage: the complete series, tv comedy the life and times of grizzly adams: season one, family tv at the movies skyfall, james bond thriller the perfect hope, nora roberts poseidon's arrow, clive cussler the marriage mistake, jennifer probst flight behavior: a novel, barbara kingsolver music from another dimension, aerosmith the abbey road sessions, kylie minogue miracle, third day glee: the music presents grease . this copyrighted material may not be re-published without permission. links are encouraged.
__label__non_math	1.0000	stocks in the news lci, aray, coo, amzn, mfrm lannett company, inc. nyseamex:lci reported fourth-quarter net income of .per share, as compared to the net loss of .per share in the year-ago quarter. net sales for the latest quarter rose to .million in the same period last year. analysts expected the company to earn .million for the quarter. accuray incorporated nasdaq:aray shares declined . to .million or .million or .million or 100.million from .per share on revenue estimate of .million for the quarter. the cooper companies, inc. nyse:coo stock gained . to .million or .million or .million or 378.million from .per share on revenue estimate of .million for the third quarter. amazon.com, inc. nasdaq:amzn stock increased . to .in the pre-market hour. the company is expected to launch a new tablet on . additionally, amazon.com inc and epix announced a multi-year licensing agreement in the u.s., which will add thousands of new releases, classic library titles and original programs to prime instant video. mattress firm holding corp nasdaq:mfrm shares dropped . to .million or .million or .million or 262.million, up . from .per share on sales of .million for the quarter.
__label__non_math	0.9975	- special sections - public notices when the carroll county complex was built in , specifications for the fence around carter cemetery changed at the last minute. the contractor purchased wrought iron gates as the original specs called for. the county paid ,800 for the gates and stored them for several years. a year ago i inquired about the gates. with rising metal prices, the gates would be worth about ,000. i got an answer after three months that the gates were hauled away with scrap chain link fence. i pointed out this was not true. why would anyone haul new gates to a scrap pile? if you currently subscribe or have subscribed in the past to the gazette, then simply find your account number on your mailing label and enter it below. click the question mark below to see where your account id appears on your mailing label. if you are new to the award winning gazette and wish to get a subscription or simply gain access to our online content then please enter your zip code below and continue to setup your account.
__label__non_math	0.9923	each print volume in this long-standing series profiles approximately four to eight short story writers by providing full-text or excerpted criticism taken from books, magazines, literary reviews, newspapers and scholarly journals. among those profiled in this volume are: "this series is recommended for school, public and academic libraries." -- arba american reference books annual price: us .
__label__non_math	0.9952	when students, job candidates, business executives, historians and investors need accurate and detailed information on the development of any of the world's largest and most influential companies, direct them to international directory of company histories. this multi-volume work is the first major reference to bring together histories of companies that are a leading influence in a particular industry or geographic location. each three- to five-page entry is meticulously detailed with facts gathered from popular magazines, academic periodicals, books, annual reports and the archives of the companies themselves. entries provide information on founders, expansions and losses, labor management actions, naics codes, key dates, ticker symbol, principal subsidiaries, principal divisions, principal operating units, principle competitors and other significant milestones -- all peppered with statistics, dates and names of key players. vols. -are organized alphabetically by major industries; vol. and subsequent volumes are arranged alphabetically by company name within each volume. each volume includes a cumulative index to companies and personal names. vol. and subsequent volumes include a cumulative index to industries. the histories were compiled from publicly accessible sources, as well as from material supplied by the companies themselves. entries on companies that have had major changes since they were last profiled may be selected for updating. starting with volume a geographical index to companies sorted by country of head office. the index includes country name, alphabetical list of companies from that country, and volume number where the company profile can be found. "without equal in scope, currentness, and price. this set is a must-purchase for academic business collections and is highly recommended for large public libraries." -- american reference books annual price: us .
__label__non_math	1.0000	- display modes - media integration - data entry tools - new features pdfs tms comes with a sophisticated thesaurus manager; use published thesauri or create your own terms. structured vocabularies for both the arts and the sciences can be integrated into tms through the thesaurus manager. tms comes with the getty research institute s art architecture thesaurus aat and thesaurus of geographic names tgn . other hierarchies such as scientific taxonomies and chenhall s nomenclature can also be incorporated. additionally, users can add their own local terms to the thesaurus as needed. the thesaurus can be used in two ways: click here for more information about the getty vocabularies. tms integrates the leading windows report writer, crystal reports. with tms, you have access to over standard reports, including object lists, exhibition checklists, location inventory reports, mailing labels, and standard accession and loan forms. in addition to these standard reports, you can customize and create your own reports to best suit your institution s needs. generate lists and summaries of any field and print them with images, or export them into other file formats.
__label__non_math	0.9998	now more than ever, we need your support the daily mirror is reporting that all eleven doctors will be coming together for a special one-off special for children in need this november. it reports that the minute episode will be included in bbc1 annual children in need appeal in november and shooting of it will begin in september. this is not the first time a rumour of this nature appeared in the tabloids. the same thing was said to be happening last year for children in need except with doctors which did not happen. the article states that "images from their original shows, stretching from to " will be used for the actors william hartnell, patrick troughton, and jon pertwee who have since passed away. they will make cameo appearances through footage from these previous episodes.
__label__non_math	0.9991	galloping films is a full service international sales agent focused on the marketing and licensing of feature films, documentaries and lifestyle programs to the theatrical, television, home video dvd and digital markets throughout the world. we represent a catalogue of over 200 handpicked feature films, television series, documentaries, sports and lifestyle programs that are available for broadcast internationally and distribution in all markets, and in all media. since , carlos alperin, galloping films managing director, has participated at dozens of international film and tv markets, festivals and conferences. in carlos will attend the following ones: -april , cannes, france -may , cannes, france 5july - august , melbourne, -september , san sebastian, spain -october , cannes, france -november , los angeles, united states galloping films' team includes olga klepova marketing executive , peter bolam solicitor , paul overell accountant and jan marshall bookkeeper . double click any of the flyers on the right to check our latest films or simply check our films and tv programs, arranged by genres, on the left column.
__label__non_math	0.9919	galop has launched a brand new campaign, called do what you both want, that aims to promote honest, clear communication around sex between guys. we recognise that the context within which guys are having sex sometimes means things happen that people don t want and, perhaps, don t always mean to happen. we don t think it s ok to accept that sexual assault is an occupational hazard of sex in these sorts of contexts. it doesn t have to be this way. guys don t want to experience sexual assault and most guys don t want to be accused of it. so let s start being honest about what s happening and changing how we deal with our communication and behaviour so sex can be good for everyone to promote the campaign, we persauded the amazing photographer del lagrace volcano to create images of real guys in real situations with a message that says sex is good it was a pleasure and a privilege to be asked to create the images for this galop campaign dealing with the timely issues of consent within gay male relationships. i only accept commercial commissions when they involve issues i consider vitally important to the health of the lgbtiq community. this job was one of those. what i found most compelling about this campaign were the multiple layers embedded in the dynamics of consent: power, desire and the need for clear communication between sexual players. and working with so many hot and politically smart guys was definitely a bonus
__label__non_math	0.9997	629 county road 672 return to listings ranburne, al country of origin: england. size: shoulder height: - cm . - .inches . coat: thick and dense and weather-resistant. can be black, yellow or chocolate brown. a small white marking on the chest is permissible. character: this breed is obedient, sociable, affectionate, and loyal. they have a very keen sense of smell. temperament: this dog gets along well with children, other dogs, and any household pets. they are not great watchdogs. care: brush the coat once a week, twice weekly if the dog is shedding. training: the labrador retriever learns very quickly and loves to work for its handler. activity: although they will adapt to the exercise habits of your family, labrador retievers need plenty of exercise. they need to be taken on long walks, and especially love to take part in field sports.
__label__non_math	1.0000	you can download finders keepers christmas here. floyd and goldie are back for another adventure in finders keepers christmas. it's christmas time and this treasure hunting team is off to help santa deliver sweet treats. use the claw to pull up sugar cookies, gingerbread men, and other goodies for the kids. the game features four fun areas including peppermint tundra and twilight mountain. and as you progress, you'll gain special access to three brand new claws to help you on your christmas adventure. hundreds of different level layouts store with power-ups and upgrades as always, please remember to come back and tell us what you think.
__label__non_math	0.9825	ign review of need for speed: carbon after need for speed underground outsold all other games in , the largest independent game publisher in the world adroitly kept the series coming without a hitch. last year's most wanted shipped at microsoft's xbox 360 launch and introduced a creative take on story-telling by using filtered customized fmv to give the familiar racer a fresh presentation. the police were back with a ferocious vengeance. and it offered a particularly north-west vibe to it. this year's version, need for speed carbon, which refers to carbon canyon where racers duel for territory in the city below, is a minor shake-up for the series, shifting in new features, shifting out others, while continuing the fmv-heavy story-telling from most wanted. carbon, in other words, is a decent update to last year's game with improved graphics, excellent autosculpt customization, a different progression system, and an all-around solid take on the game. it's not revolutionary, it's not brilliant, but it's good, deep racing. near carbon copy carbon is an arcade-style racer that plays, in general, a lot like other need for speed games. it provides four camera perspectives two in-car, two over-the-shoulder , a -hour single-player campaign, and a series of mini-challenges based on collecting racing cards. the career mode is the meat and potatoes of the game, comprising a city split into four territories plus hilly canyon races outside the city. players can pick from three different car classes, exotics, tuners, and muscles the muscles being the new addition , which broadens the game's middle-of-the-road feel in a smart, controlled manner. the four new features offered in carbon comprise a crew, a unique autosculpt customization, drifting races and additional car classes. one of the bigger additions is the online functionality. it enables from -players to vie online on xbox 360, ps3, and pc, whereas the xbox, ps2 and gamecube versions don't offer online compatibility. the career mode follows last year's trippy fmv-based narrative. because of the addition of crews or because ea wanted to go even heavier into its presentation which it often does at the expense of improving gameplay , the game is filled with cutscenes and pasty, well-coiffed well-dressed gearheads. last year's game was basic. razor was your enemy, he was a first-class dick, and he rigged your car. you had to seek revenge and it felt good because he was a no-good bully. this year's narrative is watered down, with more forced mystery behind a rather simple premise. the novelty of the specialized fmv cutscenes is still moderately entertaining, but because of ea's excesses it comes across as strained, and there are simply too many dudes with perfect eyebrows and mullets for my tastes. clearly emmanuelle vaugier needs a little more direction and some more meat to reach her potential. meanwhile josie maran had far more fun and showed far more skin in her role in most wanted. hot girls aside and let's just be honest here, they're all great looking women , the game drives differently than before. sure, it's still an accessible arcade game in which cars don't take any damage; it's still need for speed. but the addition of muscle cars and high-end tuners really alter the normal feel that's common in the nfs series. see real muscle below for more details. the game starts out at a normal pace and it gradually enables you to more earn enhancements. cars are split into classes, but also tiers. there are three tiers, staring with tier one. the second tier is faster, and the third tier is insanely fast. you won't believe how powerful and quickly these final-tier cars drive. nfs still runs at a modest fps with some framerate variation, though the game doesn't hitch like most wanted. carbon's progression system is similar to thq's saint's row. this is a good thing for the most part. you start off as a nobody who once had it all but lost it, and you must start all over again. you begin by choosing a car class. since i've played this series for like eight years now, to experience nfs in a different light i choose a muscle car, a camaro ss. muscle cars tend to be classic american cars, thus they have big, fat v8s, they drive like dragsters with great acceleration and top speeds. but they handle like merde. no difference here, at least at first. if you decide the first car you chose was a bad decision, win races and beat bosses, and you'll earn money to buy new cars. or, like last year, after you beat a boss you can pick from a set of random cards, one of which is the boss's pink slip. there are -plus cars to earn or unlock. other muscle cars include the new mustang gt, the dodge charger srt8, and the old dodge charger rt. while we're on the subject, the tuners feature the mazda speed3, rx-, rx-, eclipse gt, and lotus elise for starters. the tuners comprise the alpha brera and mercedes clk 500, and a variety of porsches. each territory is made of a number of sections. in each section you'll see about three to four races. you'll need to win each race to win a section and, from there, move in on a full territory. each territory is controlled by another gang, overseen by their leader, who visits you from time to time as you creep into their space. while fighting for territory, a rival gang may challenge you to a section you own. there are two choices, accept the challenge or reject it. if you race and win, it's yours. if you lose, you can always re-try. this function works better in saints row because the actual fighting was different each time. in carbon, you simply race the same territory as before, and instead of feeling like a real challenge, it's a chore. a new race or a different take on a race would have sufficed. once you take over a full territory the boss appears and challenges you. you'll race once against the boss, and then take it to carbon canyon for a two-leg race. the two-part race takes place on steep narrow canyon roads built with huge s-turns and pliable railings that give way to spectacular deaths if you mess up. the first race involves following the boss as closely as possible. your score is based on your proximity. in the second race he follows you. whoever gets the high score wins, as long as nobody has driven off the canyon walls beforehand. honestly, the first city race is usually harder than the canyon races, and in at least two of the canyon races i was able to surge ahead of the boss in the first race, maintain the lead of about five seconds, and beat him in a single route. the boss races in most wanted were tougher and more complicated and thus more fun. these are different, but the final outcome is that the experience is just ok. it's like a sideways move. these boss races are different than before, but like gertrude stein said about oakland, there is no there there. plus, there are only four boss races, whereas in most wanted there were . ripped straight from ea's nascar series is this year's "crew" feature. the crew is introduced through and integrated into the storyline. the rag-tag crew of hopefuls are neither terribly funny nor that interesting. they're all kind of creepy, to be honest. but that really doesn't matter. it's what they do, or don't do, that matters. and what they do is little. there are three types, drafters, scouts and blockers. drifters provide a physical trail of color enabling you to follow them to slingshot ahead. their problem is that the courses don't provide enough straight-aways to use them effectively enough and if you're fast enough you'll eliminate their usefulness. scouts find shortcuts hidden on your map. they find shortcuts that normally appear in nfs games without the need for a scout, so they eliminate the joy of discovering them on your own. blockers cause chaos. they block opponents from creeping up on you. they function well enough and of the three types, they're the most useful. but the addition of a crew is another sideways move. the triple-headed crew actually brings in more problems than benefits to carbon. crew members regularly will get in your way; they'll slow you down and perhaps even ruin a real chance of winning. they also win races for you. for some people that might be a benefit. for me, i just felt like my experience was tampered with. the crew is also always talking to you. it's like halo's cortana is there, except instead it's some mullet-headed fat dude. you'll eventually get as many as six different members available for hire, but in the end i prefer not having them at all. customization and auto-sculpting need for speed underground introduced serious customization to the series and most wanted and this year's carbon add various wrinkles to the fold. as in previous games, players earn cash for winning races. each new win unlocks the ability to pick new parts and, of course, money. by pressing a button down on the xbox 360 d-pad , players can view a top-down map, pick a race to enter, visit their safe house or a car lot, where cars can be bought and sold. in the safe house, players can customize their vehicles. in familiar fashion, individual parts or pre-made full-body kits can be purchased. the suite of choices is solid, though it appears fewer engine performance options and upgrades are allowed than in underground . the new autosculpt option, however, makes up for that in part. once you hire a scout, you're enabled the option of sculpting your modified parts to new heights. spoilers, bumpers, skirts, hoods, you name it, you can tweak them all using a series of sliders. admittedly, the effect is purely visual. but hey, it's fun ea's decision to take advantage of ford's newly remade mustang and dodge charger is both opportunistic and smart. along with the online options, the addition of muscle cars is the biggest single change the series has seen in core gameplay in years. the muscle cars drive differently than any other car in the series and they affect the series in a central way. in underground ea tried to incorporate suvs but with little success. the muscles are different. these cars rock. they have huge up-front power and great top speeds. and, true to life, they handle like crap. but hey, everyone liked starsky and hutch, right? i mean look at driver the game. it's built on sliding '70s hot rods. still, ea has designed the muscle cars and the courses to work together and better than in almost any other racer. driving them is more like driving a rally car on pavement all the time. you have to start early and slide into each turn. the real reward is modifying these beasts as you progress. the upgrades tighten the handling and cornering. the top speeds and acceleration increase even further. and the ride is totally different than driving either the tuners or the exotics. try driving a muscle and then switch to the tuners, and you'll see the difference right away. catch that drift ea black box brought back drifting, replacing the drag racing from most wanted and it's a fully acquired taste. drifting isn't for everyone. ea uses a totally unique engine for the drifting races and you'll notice the handling and physics right away. each of the classes -- muscle, exotic, and tuner -- drift differently. luckily, if you dislike drifting, there isn't too much of it in carbon. unfortunately, if you hate it, you'll find it difficult to avoid altogether. ea designed drift races to function so that emphasis is placed on skill and combos. each player must achieve the top score against his rivals. the best combos are created by attaining the highest possible speed, keeping your car in the yellow paint next to the walls for as long as possible, and linking combos together. do it in a tuner and then try a muscle car. it's quite a difference. or try a tier three exotic. they're all completely distinct skill sets. ea eschewed adding online functionality on the current generation systems and has instead focused on making it work well on xbox 360, pc and ps3. though we have yet to see how well it runs on ps3. while that sucks for current gen owners, it's good news for next-gen and pc systems owners. and, for the record, most wanted wasn't online for ps2 anyway. we played the xbox 360 retail build against ea today for about two hours and the experience was surprisingly fun. ea's servers still may very well cause problems we'll have to wait to experience this once the retail build is in hundreds of gamers' hands , but our retail builds played well. onlie matches permit up to eight gamers to race simultaneously. they consist of two race types with a few variations, pursuit tag and pursuit knockout. pursuit tag consists of one racer against all cops. the racer's goal is to avoid the cop cars for as long as possible. the player with the highest points and time logged as the civilian racer wins. to get the chance to be the civilian racer you must be the first to bust him or her. pursuit knockout is even more fun. this is a lap race on the next gen systems, you'll also be able to race in a series of cooperative courses with as many as four players. though these are just basic races, these co-op challenges are like playing with your crew, who happen to be your friends -- which is twice as fun. lastly, if you own a xbox 360, pc or have the chance to buy a ps3, then you can auto sculpt your car to the ultimate level and bring it online to show it off. graphics and sound carbon stands out against most wanted. most wanted seemed to take place in a fictitious seattle-like area: there were lots of forests, country by-ways, and lakes that, well, looked like parts of washington. if you weren't keen on last year's environments, you'll like carbon. it is a return to the sparkling urban lights of underground and . the game is filled with sparkling lights, darker night levels, and a distinctly urbane look. special effects adorn the city streets and fast-paced cars. streams trail off cars to enhance the visual sense of speed. blur effects are always working to provide a great sensation of velocity. and nox injections will boost the sense of speed even further. or the speed breakers will slow time down. the customization enables creative control over your cars, which adds to the sense of visuals, and of course, the fmv-filtered characters incorporated into game environments create a distinct visual appeal even if this year's game over-does it a little . on the sound side, carbon takes the over-the-top sound from most wanted and gives it a kick in the pants. you'll hear greatly altered engine effects; you'll experience a dramatic set of sonic sounds infused into the cutscenes and transition sequences; you'll hear the sweet in-take of nox. you'll also hear the realistic cop radio chatter ranging from casual level-one pursuits to level three crackdowns. the music is energetic and turbulent. it increases in volume and intensity as you're being chased by cops, and there is a good mix of rock and techno tunes. , ign entertainment, inc.
__label__non_math	0.9965	gamers found this review helpful its been awhile since this game series didn't suck. don't get me wrong, i just missed the really cool hot pursuit series, not the vin diesel based knockoffs they've been putting out for awhile.to be honest, i rented this for my son; didn't expect much just waiting on gt5. boy, was i wrong. first things first; its gorgeous. its darn near beautiful, in a way that compels you to play it. the action actually plays with your adrenaline and man if there was a way to play your own audio files while playing ala xbox, i'd be playing right now. you can tune the car without having to be a mechanic, nerd, or old pokemon fan. racing is crisp and you can get into it easily. yeah...good game. gamers found this review helpful i've played almost every nd4spd title since i can remember. i've skipped a couple - but the game is still fun. in this nd4spd your working your way up the ranks and defining your driving by your actions. i have always found myself to be an aggressive driver, making others spin out to get a win. heii, "rubbing is racing the upgrades are pretty cool, body kits look great - but i'm not a fan of trying the way you can customize the vinyls. it seemed a lot easier on past games. maybe it's just me... the racing itself is awesome the tracks are cool and can be pretty challenging at times. the different events - time trials, 1v1 competition - give the game some new things to do so that your not stuck playing the same thing over and over. although...i do miss getting chased by cops and blowing through scenery, and watching them run into immovable objects on replay. those were the days... the only bad thing about this game is the long loading times, other than that i do not have anything to complain about. the sounds are awesome, very hardcore and intense at times. really makes you feel like you are part of the action. graphics are killer. best graphics in any racing game. plenty of cars to pick from. great customization options. great level up systems. lots of fun tracks. the best part though is the cars can be adjusted to your liking. you are not stuck driving a car you can not control, you can adjust just about every aspect of the car in order to make it drive how you want it to drive. you can make this game as easy or as hard as you want.
__label__non_math	1.0000	king's bounty: the legend is a knight saga, an exciting blend of role-playing adventure and tactical battles reviving glorious traditions of the legendary "king's bounty" game. a hero warrior, mage or paladin , and a whole army of his loyal companions in arms travel across a huge continent made up from dozens of linked locations. setting kings on the throne and overthrowing them, saving princesses from the claws of dragons, searching for pirates' treasure chests, vanquishing villains who are attempting world domination. these are the everyday challenges the player will face in the game. your character travels in real-time across lands and waters, into the underground and across the skies, searching for treasures, getting equipment, developing multiple skills and fulfilling orders of kings to promote career. when fighting enemies the game switches into tactics mode. you can control the troops on the battle arena, use the spell book and summon powerful spirits of rage. as the game plot unveils the player will come across exciting puzzles and mysteries. will you make alliances with a powerful necromancer or steal from the dwarven treasury? just never break the oath you gave to your king. he does not forget or forgive. - up-to-date engine that supports the latest graphics solutions. - flawless graphics style following classical fantasy traditions. - attractive, elaborate and user-friendly interface. - thrilling plot worked out under the guidance of renowned sci-fi writers. - a combination of a dynamic adventure and tactical turn-based battles. - heroes can move freely across the game world which consists of dozens diverse locations. - three character types with different game progress styles. - a rich role-playing system including parameters and more than skills and perks and a highly-developed system of tasks and relations. - more than spells to use on the battle arena and in everyday life. - an alternative option for magic development are the spirits of rage to be summoned in combat. - more than unique creatures with special abilities and skills ready to fight in your army. - unique enemies and boss characters. - dozens of different battle arenas. unique arenas for castle sieges. - various traps and bonuses on battle arenas that can change the course of fight. - unique system of live items acting of their own will and changing their essence. - ability to start a family, find a wife and have children
__label__non_math	0.9706	god of war: ascension trailer leaks someone at amazon done goofed. sony was planning a big god of war reveal tomorrow, but an employee of the gargantuan online retailer accidentally posted the game s box art right and a teaser trailer below earlier tonight. one assumes that he is so fired, unless sony sent an angry greek demigod after him, armed with a pair of chain-blades. as the narration in the trailer makes clear, the game is not a sequel, which explains why it isn t called god of war . instead, god of war: ascension depicts kratos at a time when something other than rage consumed him, a time when in spite of the madness that plagued him, kratos would break his blood oath to an unjust god. a time when he would no longer be bound in blood. a prequel then, or at least a game set in between some of the god of war games that already exist. hopefully sony will provide more details when they deliver their stolen-thunder news tomorrow.
__label__non_math	0.9999	playstation : street hoops details street hoops is an "in your face" street-style basketball game that captures the aggressive energy and attitude of blacktop competition. the game lets you compete in a nationwide tournament representing your hometown on the most notorious street courts in the nation. choose from a roster of athletes and performers, including key players that were featured in the and mix tapes and nike's "freestyle" commercial series. the game features real world locations where you can compete on of the most revered street courts in america, including nyc's west 4th street, a.k.a. "the cage", l.a.'s venice beach courts, oakland's mosswood playground, philadelphia's lombard court, chicago's jackson park, nyc's rucker park, atlanta's run n' shoot and new orleans' shakespeare park. you get ultra-realistic courts; designers ensured that each court is an exact replica of the real blacktop basketball court right down to the graffiti, quality of the court and culture of the neighborhood. choose from three awesome modes of play; defend your home turf in king of the court, take it to the road in world tournament or hone their skills with pick-up game. the multiplayer exhibition-style pick-up game can be played on a full court or a half court, with gamers playing head-to-head or on the same team. you can initially choose from different teams or they can build their own unique, customized "ballers." in addition, you can play one-on-one to five-on-five and anything in between. - this item is in like new condition with all original artwork and materials. this item may never have been used, but does not meet our criteria for brand new. this page provides an overview of street hoops, and provides a small selection of links to places where you can find cheats, game guides, and reviews. if available, you can find many additional cheats, guides, and reviews for street hoops by using the tabs above.
__label__non_math	0.8023	game cube : metroid prime with metroid prime: echos bonus disc details metroid prime samus first stopped the evil space pirates and mother brain from amassing an army of metroids on the planet zebes. then she was called on to finish the job on sr388, ultimately ridding the universe of all but a single metroid larva. in super metroid, for the super nintendo entertainment system, samus thwarted mother brain's attempt to snatch the captive metroid larva from the scientists on ceres. now, samus is once again called to investigate space pirate activities on the unexplored tallon iv. her adventure begins as she enters a mysterious derelict. - gamecube metroid prime with metroid prime echoes bonus disc - full version of metroid prime plus a preview of metroid prime : echoes this page provides an overview of metroid prime with metroid prime: echos bonus disc, and provides a small selection of links to places where you can find cheats, game guides, and reviews. if available, you can find many additional cheats, guides, and reviews for metroid prime with metroid prime: echos bonus disc by using the tabs above.
__label__non_math	0.9999	the lights are on the japanese release of superbrothers: sword sworcery ep will see game designer goichi suda suda voice logfella in the upcoming release. the japanese version is due out on june for ios, pc, and mac. suda is best known for creating titles killer , no more heroes, and lollipop chainsaw. the translation was handled by -play. i was already planning on playing this sometime soon, but if it's good enough that suda'll lend them his voice, it's gotta be worth my time. theres voice acting in this game? i played through the first half on the humble bundle and there was no voices other than logfella's grunts, dogfella's barks, and the scythian's shouts. i love sword and sworcery.
__label__non_math	0.9601	catholic and protestant reformers in the 16th century occasionally spoke scornfully of anabaptists as "new monks," referring to anabaptist insistence on holy living and intense spiritual life e.g., ta elsa , 110- . anabaptists occasionally accepted the comparison klassen, william and walter klaassen, eds. and trans. the writings of pilgram marpeck, classics of the radical reformation, vol. . scottdale, pa: herald press, : 217 but more frequently rejected it klassen klaassen: 215-; menno, writings, 369, 401 , in part because monks often came from the socially privileged classes. several scholars have used monastic history as an aid to interpret anabaptism troeltsch, ritschl, davis, snyder, martin . many anabaptists and mennonites, beginning with the hutterite chronicle, pointed to quasi-monastic sectarian medieval movements, especially waldenses, as forerunners of anabaptism these theories are promulgated or discussed by keller, gratz, verduin, durnbaugh . one of the most extensive efforts to relate monasticism and anabaptism drew on both monastic and quasi-monastic traditions davis . most scholars have carefully limited their interpretations to pointing out "intellectual parallels" or general similarities; some have argued for direct continuity and influence. the crucial interpretive question revolves around the nature of monasticism: is it a nonconforming sectarian development critical of the institutional church workman or an intensified institutional core of the ecclesiastical establishment? or, did monasticism begin as a charismatic, lay, "sectarian" movement in the 4th century but become fully integrated into the sacramental, ecclesial, institutional church by the early middle ages rousseau, martin ? how central the critical, separatist aspect of early monasticism is to monastic identity is disputed, even by those within the monastic community eoin de bhaldraithe . particularly significant in this regard is the distinction between contemplative monastic orders benedictine, cistercian, carthusian and more lay-oriented, urban mendicant orders and houses of regular canons of the late middle ages franciscans, dominicans, augustinian friars, praemonstratensians, augustinian canons . the latter orders were associated with the middle class and were visibly and pastorally active; the former were often but not always associated with the nobility and lived in secluded and rural areas. most anabaptist links to "monks" appear to have been with the mendicants and canons regular. michael sattler is the main exception to this generalization. most interpreters agree that anabaptists rejected the sacramental and institutional "culture-church" of the middle ages in favor of a voluntary, non-institutionalized, even anti-clerical church of the faithful few, in effect, reducing the church to a devout "monastic" core. at issue among scholars is whether the label "monastic" should properly be applied to a sectarian, pure church vision such as that held by anabaptists, since most monks did not believe that the church was made up solely of monastics, rather, they believed that monks and nuns were part, perhaps the most important part, of the church. the qualities and virtues prized by anabaptists and mennonites hospitality, humility, community, gelassenheit, obedience, repentance, nonresistance, etc. were also prime monastic virtues, although all medieval catholics were exhorted to practice these same virtues. significant parallels to monastic spirituality are found in the mennonite period of post-anabaptist history in which anabaptist first-generation identity was transformed into a sacramental, ecclesial, institutional, cultural ethnic faith, even though mennonites, amish, and hutterites avoided the language of sacramental and institutional christianity cronk, martin . during the 1980s growing mennonite concern about the role of single adults in the church has not yet taken account of the traditional christian monastic theology, with its implications for both marriage and singleness. recent scholarship on monasticism emphasizes the social role of celibate communities, which enhanced the role of marriage while creating a sphere of activity for those remaining unmarried brown, leclercq . further research is needed in all these areas of anabaptist and mennonite history and culture. cronk, sandra. "gelassenheit: the rites of the redemptive process in the old order amish and old order mennonite communities." phd dissertation, u. of chicago, . see also mennonite quarterly review : -. for ritschl, gratz, verduin, keller, and others: see davis, kenneth r. anabaptism and asceticism: a study in intellectual origins. scottdale, : -. de bhaldraithe, eion. "michael sattler, benedictine and anabaptist." downside review 105 april : 111-131. durnbaugh, donald f. "theories of free church origins." mennonite quarterly review : -. martin, dennis d. "monks, mendicants and anabaptists: michael sattler and the benedictines reconsidered." mennonite quarterly review : 139-. reply by snyder, c. arnold. "michael sattler, benedictine: dennis martin's objections reconsidered." mennonite quarterly review : 251-. martin, dennis d. "catholic spirituality and mennonite discipleship." mennonite quarterly review : -. martin, dennis d. "nothing new under the sun? mennonites and history." conrad grebel review : -. snyder, c. arnold. "the monastic origins of swiss anabaptist sectarianism." mennonite quarterly review : -. snyder, c. arnold. the life and thought of michael sattler. scottdale, pa: herald press, . troeltsch, ernst. the social teachings of the christian churches. translator: olive wyon. new york: harper and row, : 239-, 332-. for general information on monastic history, see: brown, peter r. l. "the notion of virginity in the early church." christian spirituality: origins to the 12th c. editor:bernard mcginn and john meyendorff. new york: crossroad : 427-. gr ndler, otto. "devotio moderna." christian spirituality: high middle ages and reformation. editor: jill raitt. new york: crossroad : 176-. knowles, david. christian monasticism. new york: mcgraw-hill, . leclercq, jean. monks and love in 12th-c. france. oxford: clarendon, . novak, michael. "the free churches and the roman church." journal of ecumenical studies, : 426-. rousseau, phillip. ascetics, authority, and the church in the age of jerome and cassian. new york; oxford, . workman, herbert b. the evolution of the monastic ideal from the earliest times to the coming of the friars. 2nd edition. london, , reprinted with introduction by david knowles. boston: beacon, . adapted by permission of herald press, harrisonburg, virginia, and waterloo, ontario, from mennonite encyclopedia, vol. , pp. 601-602. . for information on ordering the encyclopedia visit the herald press website. by the global anabaptist mennonite encyclopedia online. . mla style: martin, dennis d. "monasticism." global anabaptist mennonite encyclopedia online. . web. may . apa style: martin, dennis d. . monasticism. global anabaptist mennonite encyclopedia online. retrieved may , from
__label__non_math	0.9589	young people's conference young people's conference was a youth movement in the mennonite church mc which flourished for a short time between , and led in part to the creation of the young people's problems committee. it had its origin in a "general conference of mennonites in france in reconstruction work" held at clermont-en-argonne, meuse, france, -june . this conference was organized on an intended permanent basis with a constitution whose name was tentatively chosen as "mennonite young people's movement," and which was to meet annually. its clearly stated purpose was constructive and progressive, and its three annual conference programs represented in effect a christian life conference with accent on the problems of youth. the movement also represented dissatisfaction with the rather slow-moving general church leadership and program, and also a determination to work out a larger and more influential place for the more mature young people in the work and leadership of the church. since much of the older leadership of the church reacted with skepticism and even suspicion to the new movement, opposition and tension developed. differences were sorted out in the end and the movement got started in america, changing its name to the young people's conference. three annual meetings were held: west liberty, ohio, -august ; sterling, il, -june ; middlebury, in forks church , -june . general tensions in the church at this time, resulting in the closing of goshen college for the year and divisions in a number of congregations in indiana, ohio, ontario, and eastern pennsylvania, led to confusion in the ranks of the leadership of the young people's conference, and ultimately to the discontinuance of the annual meetings. the committee in charge for the conference listed harold s. bender, chairman; walter e. yoder, secretary; john l. yoder, treasurer; payson miller, and vernon smucker. some of the energies of this group were channeled into a biweekly periodical, the christian exponent, established on january , and discontinued on september , edited by vernon smucker. adapted by permission of herald press, harrisonburg, virginia, and waterloo, ontario, from mennonite encyclopedia, vol. , p. . . for information on ordering the encyclopedia visit the herald press website. by the global anabaptist mennonite encyclopedia online. . mla style: bender, harold s. "young people's conference." global anabaptist mennonite encyclopedia online. . web. may . apa style: bender, harold s. . young people's conference. global anabaptist mennonite encyclopedia online. retrieved may , from
__label__non_math	0.9999	categories see all them's fighting words: skullgirls guide to valentine the run down valentine is everything you d expect a ninja-nurse to be: incredibly quick, lots of weapons, and special skills to trip up her enemies. her versatility and speed are her main assets and her various supers give her a lot of options. unfortunately, you ll have to do some work to build her super combo gauge. along with ms. fortune, valentine is one of the fastest fighters in the game. her basic running speed is incredibly quick and can cover ground in rather short order. in the air, she has access to a double jump and forward and backward dash. her dashes however are a bit different than most. her forward dash sends her leaping into the air at degree angle before landing, the same happens during her back dash as well. while this may seem odd at first, the small boost in the air can give way to a quick combo or even a special way to continue a ground combo. her standard attacks also provide a nice mix of angles and timing tricks, and her standing light punch is a quick two-hitter that can easily be used to poke and prod her targets. another rather useful maneuver is her heavy punch which starts with her taking a step backwards before swinging with a huge bladed iv pole. not only does it have good range, but the back step also sets up some nice bait and switches by tricking your foe into dropping their guard. in addition to her attacks, her throws are also play into her trickster style. her throw consists of a grab which causes a stun animation leaving her target open to more punishment. overall, her standard attacks all offer good range and extreme speed, all of which is perfect to set up for various combo strings and the like. ready for your shots? while her basic attacks are all quite effective on their own, valentine really shines with her various poisons and traps which can cause a lot of grief for her opponents. she has access to a projectile attack called dead cross where she fires a shuriken. the shot itself is rather slow but she can also throw it from the air for some well-placed timing shots. her go-to set ups are her poison skills called vial hazard, of which she has three versions she can imbue her projectiles with. type a causes poison damage over time, type b increases the hit and block stun on her opponents, and type c causes an input lag on her target which can be deadly against slower fighters especially compared with her insane speed. along with her vial hazard throws, she has access to a strong command grab which leaves the target in a ground state, a perfect opening for some on the ground wake up games. one of valentines' high points is that she has a total of five super combos to work with. her two level ones are called checkmate incision and ekg flatliner. checkmate is a small damaging projectile attack that you can also fire from the air at an angle similar to her dead cross special attack. while the damage is minimal, its strong suit comes from the fact that it also carries the same effects from her vial hazard skill. the specialty of the attack is its quick speed which makes it a bit easier to actually hit them with the poison of your choice. her other super combo, ekg flatliner is her more damaging level one super that not only can be done on the ground or air, but it also nearly spans the entire screen, making it a perfect pursuit technique for the type of opponent that likes to run and gun. in addition, it can also hit multiple targets if they try to call in extra help. essentially, these two are best used as the exclamation point to a combo, and in regards to her checkmate attack, it can lead to some more suffering to her foes. her level two super is called acquisitive prescription and works a bit differently than her other moves. this one activates when she is physically attacked during the animation. if she can activate it, she counters with a move lock on her target, freezing them in place for a couple seconds. while it is a bit tricky to time it, if done correctly it can lead to some nice set ups or at least some free hits. her level three is her strongest attack and acts as a command grab called dead on arrival. the move sets her off in a quick dash leading up to a command throw. it cannot be blocked because of its throw status but she can be knocked out of it if her target is waiting for it. some nice set ups for this one to connect are using it after inflicting her target with type b or c version of viral hazard. lastly, all the way up at level five is a very special move called rebirth ex machina. on its own, it can cause some moderate damage and act as a launcher, but its true power comes into play upon a teammate s death. when a team partner is downed using this move near their downed body will actually resurrect them with about a quarter of their health once again adding to your ranks. the only thing is it does take a while before you can build enough super combo levels to raise the dead. while valentine has a lot of supers and tools at her disposal, her downside is that she builds super meter very slowly so it ll take a lot of her hitting or getting hit before she can really unload some of her more fancy moves. as a team player valentine is one of the best candidates for an anchor character. the sheer number of specials and attack variations at her disposal make her capable to handle most any situation. the best people to team her up with are those who can build super meters at quick rate so she can tag in and reap their efforts or just use it bring them back into the fight as the field medic. you can follow dominic on twitter at listen to him wax philosophic about games and other randomness. plus, follow us fine folks at for the latest updates and the chance to win fabulous prizes top stories from around the web
__label__non_math	1.0000	mass effect extended cut dlc release dated for next week the extended cut dlc for mass effect has been confirmed and dated for release next week. bioware has confirmed its plans to release the extended cut dlc for mass effect on june in north america. european gamers will only get it on july due to the company's extensive localization process. the dlc includes highly requested content by the mass effect community, which was displeased by the way the game ended. many players found the ending to mass effect highly disappointing for its abruptness and failure to adhere to the trilogy's choice-driven narrative. their anger lead to widespread complaints and prompted bioware to announce an ending that will hopefully provide answers sought by players who demanded a more definitive ending. the release of the extended cut dlc has pushed back bioware's prior plans for additional singleplayer content, which were rumored to take place in other locations in the mass effect universe including omega station. bioware says that the extended cut is an "expansion of the original endings" rather than a fundamental change, revealing in greater detail the impact of the player's decisions throughout the trilogy. the extended cut dlc will be available for free on all three platforms for the game. it weighs .9gb and can be downloaded from xbox live, origin on pc, and playstation network.
__label__non_math	0.9855	developer: silicon knights ship date: holiday step into the world of too human, the next-generation third-person epic action-game from famed developer silicon knights. as the cybernetic god baldur, players are thrust into the midst of an ongoing battle that threatens the existence of mankind. an ancient machine presence has forced the god's hand. in the first of a three part trilogy, baldur is charged with defending mankind from an onslaught of monstrous war machines bent on eradication of human life. in too human, players are treated to a non-stop barrage of action powered by the seamless integration of melee and ranged firearms combat and fueled by breathtaking visuals now possible thanks to a powerful combination of the xbox 360 and the unreal engine . battles unfold in awesome scale as players engage with vast numbers of enemies. too human is produced by renowned canadian developer silicon knights. the masterminds behind critically-acclaimed hits such as metal gear solid: the twin snakes and eternal darkness, silicon knights brings a wealth of knowledge, story-based design and gameplay expertise to usher in the next-generation of video gaming. synergy of melee and firearms combat : it'll take more than brawn and raw strength to supplant the machine hordes. utilize a sophisticated blend of seamless melee and firearms combat to vanquish foes close and far. feel each punishing blow through advanced visual effects made possible through the unmatched horsepower of xbox 360 and the unreal engine . advanced cinematic presentation: characters and environments come to life with unparalleled visual fidelity. experience the full excitement of combat through a dynamically-driven presentation system that portrays the combat with cinematic quality. a sweeping orchestral score sets the mood for heartbreak, anger and bloodlust as each tune encapsulates the gamer within the immersive gaming environment. intuitive combat provides new level of accessibility: perform baldur's elaborate and complex combat maneuvers through the press of a button and chain together rapid-fire combos with ease. through the use of an intuitive combat system, too human provides gameplay that is easy to learn and rewarding to master. too human will introduce combinations of weapons combat on a level that exceeds some fighting games leaving players in awe. modern take on a classic story: too human chronicles the ongoing struggle between cybernetic gods, machine giants and mortal men on a massive scale never before seen. play the role of a cybernetic god charged with protecting the human race against a relentless onslaught of machines.
__label__non_math	1.0000	fifa manager is the 12th edition of the franchise, and focuses on the new team dynamics feature which makes your team come alive. as a manager in fm13 you have complete control over the management of a modern football club. in the game you are responsible for the line-up, the tactics and training of your team, for signing the right players and the extension of your club facilities and the stadium. the special highlights in fm13 are the fifa license, the fifa 3d engine, more than ,000 licensed players, many of whom come with original player pictures, the player manager and national team manager mode, the create-a-club mode and the match prognosis tool as well as a unique, comprehensive editor. - fifa manager introduces team dynamics, a new feature that brings the role of the trainer to life, encouraging players to pay close attention to relationships, egos and goals of individuals within the team. as the trainer, you get an overview of team hierarchy, rivalry, personality clashes, personal goals, and much more. new individual player objectives have a special role, and your team will only be successful with enough team leaders and everyone working towards the same objectives. - two new features called team matrix and hierarchy pyramid enables fan to quickly identify which players are having challenges and their impact on team dynamics. from balancing player rivalries to spending enough time understanding and setting player expectations, fifa manager will push you to perfect the art of team management. - once again, the transfer market is the heartbeat of fifa manager . players now consider more than criteria when making their decision on whether or not to transfer to a new club. from the new menu item next season planner you can plan your future team in detail, see the impact of integrating potential newcomers into your existing team and try out new players. - the game also takes a visual leap forward with higher resolution graphics, numerous new fan banners that create a livelier atmosphere in the stadiums, and fans now wear shirts, scarves and jackets that show off their team colours, just like real life. plus, the 3d game option has been refined, and tactical orders and individual instructions to players now have seamless settings which enable gamers to further fine-tune their tactical plans.
__label__non_math	1.0000	carmageddon: reincarnation on kickstarter video hd .04mb - downloads - may, in return for their pledge, kickstarter backers will receive a wide range of reward items, including the chance to appear in the game and meet a gruesome end. repeatedly. a dollar pledge secures a digital download of the game s first release. following in the footsteps of recent successful kickstarter campaigns from tim schafer s double fine and brian fargo s inexile, stainless believes that carmageddon fans both old and new will jump at the chance to help fund the latest game, which has a lineage that is widely recognized as paving the way for free-roaming, play-the-way-you-want-to titles. carmageddon: reincarnation is set to be a major re-boot of everything that made the original games such a blast to play. stainless will be reprising classic environments, cars, drivers and power ups from the original games; plus a whole bunch of brand new stuff too. to visit the carmageddon: reincarnation page visit:
__label__non_math	1.0000	a very warm welcome to players from all over the world, looking for the best online games gathered on only one gaming portal. what you find here is pure online gaming fun for any kind of player. every day we add several new games, so be sure to check back frequently. racing games, sports games or action games for the boys? we have it games1.com is your source games1.com offers only the best online games with the biggest variety.
__label__non_math	0.9998	schafer: double fine has four games signed legendary dev extolls the virtues of going low-budget and multi-project tim schafer has detailed the future of his studio double fine productions - making multiple projects with low budgets. "we got a phone call from a publisher saying "we're not going to do a sequel to brutal legend." my fault was that i had not prepared for that, so we did not have a project ready to go," he said at the develop conference in brighton this morning. however, the company had a number of game prototypes made in two weeks as part of a team motivational exercise. "so we picked the best four took them on a roadshow and showed them to publishers," he said. "in a couple of months all four games got signed. so we became officially a multi-project studio. trying to kill us made us multiply." "some of the games are downloadable, and some are retail," he confirmed. explaining that brutal legend took four and half years to make, and that both of double fine's games to date had suffered temporary cancellation and publisher interference, he was convinced that "going small" was the way forward. "we've seen the benefits of it right away. the advantages of doing small budgets means there's less compromise. publishers are not as afraid of doing something unusual with smaller budgets, of million or less. they're less likely to grab your ip rights if you're only asking for a small amount of money." revealing that some of the four projects spanning multiple genres would see release this year, he celebrated that "we have choice now" in terms of what future projects would be. "we have as a company found our way as a result of this challenge."
__label__non_math	1.0000	ncsoft is a leading developer and publisher of online games. a gaming powerhouse with a global reach, the company was founded in in seoul, south korea. today ncsoft is home to numerous industry-leading franchises, including aion, city of heroes guild wars, and lineage. ncsoft also publishes casual games in some regional markets. with offices in china, japan, thailand, the uk and the usa, ncsoft games entertain and delight players around the world. - 158-ncsoft r d center b d, samsung-dong, - korea, republic of ncsoft europe uk - fifth floor mocatta house trafalgar place - east sussex - bn1 4du - united kingdom ncsoft west seattle office - century square, suite . 4th avenue - wa - united states - 206 588 ncsoft has employees registered on the gamesindustry international network. register or login to see them
__label__non_math	0.9999	sony playstation portable psp game cheats codes guides info samurai warriors: state of war also known as: geki sengoku musou japan check for walkthroughs, guides, cheats, saves, info and more outside link to information specific to this game. may include cheats, hints, glitches, secrets, easter eggs, links to cheats and hints, walkthroughs, guides, faqs, maps, message boards, screenshots, game saves. worldwide pro reviews and previews, game play videos, demos to download, reader reviews, north american, us, japanese, uk, eu, au release dates, designer details, publisher details, credits and more.. courtesy of: gamefaqs.com opens in a new window cheats, codes, hints, secrets, glitches, tips and help.. unlocking hints: bonus characters complete the indicated character's story mode to unlock the one of the characters listed below. goemon ishikawa: complete magoichi's story. hanzo hattori: complete tadakatsu's story. hideyoshi hashiba: complete nobunaga's story. inahime: complete tadakatsu's story. keiji maeda: complete magoichi's story. kunoichi: complete yukimura's story. masumune date: complete kenshin's story. mitsuhide akechi: complete nobunaga's second story. noh: complete nobunaga's story. ranmaru mori: complete nobunaga's second story. shingen takeda: complete yukimura's story. tadakatsu honda: complete yukimura's story. yoshimoto imagawa: complete tadakatsu's story. submitted by: cheatbookjon submitted cheats, hints and codes for this game will appear here, please check back soon or use one of the links below.. thank you your cheats, hints, tips and codes for this game here gameshark, action replay, code breaker codes? check here log a request for cheats and hints for this game. click here want to read game reviews previews of this game? check here find the best deal: buy, check availability of the latest psp games was this page useful to you? yes
__label__non_math	1.0000	baldur's gate: enhanced edition news - beamdog founder explains why the wii is a toy instead of a console, says first experience working with nintendo will ensure they won't work together again.news - posted gmt - overhaul games bringing enhanced edition of rpg to apple's tablet computer this summer alongside pc version; no word on baldur's gate ii coming to itunes.news - posted gmt - studio chief operating offer says he wants to make third core entry in role-playing game series, kickstarter funding "makes so much sense."news - posted gmt - overhaul games developing updated versions of classic role-playing games; original set to be released this summer on unspecified platforms.news - posted gmt - release date: us - release date: us - release date: us hot forum topics - the elder scrolls vs. final fantasy, which is the better rpg franchise? rpgdf - did anyone forget yet? - wish they would reboot dark alliance - remakes sequals that need to me made - ugh, they didn't revamp d d 2nd edition - favorite part of the old games? - baldur's gate enhanced edition this summer. - where am i? - see all baldur's gate enhanced forum topics baldur's gate enhanced navigation
__label__non_math	0.9864	massive losses for the april-september period worse than predicted; revenue falls to .billion; predicts first annual loss in years. when nintendo announced it had lost .billion 589 million for the quarter, taking net losses for the first half of the firm's financial year to .billion million . yesterday, a report out of japanese financial daily nikkei indicated nintendo would post an ordinary loss of 100 billion 720 million for the first half of the year. in actuality, the firm reported an ordinary loss of 107 billion .billion . these losses were blamed on a multitude of factors, including unfavourable exchange rate changes, declines in hardware and software sales, and decreasing margins thanks to price cuts and inventory markdown. for the april-september reporting period, nintendo said net revenue came in at 215.billion .billion , down .percent year-over-year. that steep decline is compounded by the fact that nintendo's first-half figures were down .percent from the same period in . nintendo did state that the 3ds price cut sales "have been improving" but that progress had been hampered by a lack of hit titles, with the exception of the legend of zelda: ocarina of time 3d. during the six months to the end of september, .million 3ds handhelds were sold along with .million 3ds games. this compared to hardware and software sales for the ds range, which were .million and million, respectively. wii console sales for the six-month period came in at .million units, compared to nearly million units from the year-ago period. some .million wii games were sold worldwide between april-september. as a result, nintendo has again revised its full-year estimates. it is expecting full-year net sales to be 790 billion .billion . sales for the previous year were in excess of trillion 260 million , compared to its previous forecast of a billion million net profit. bloomberg notes that this forecast is the first of its kind in years from nintendo. update: this story initially stated two currency conversions incorrectly. .billion is 336 billion, and .billion is 589 billion. we regret the errors. after december there will be alot more cool games out for now mabye nintindo should just higher the price of the 3ds again : thank you,i do agree that things are too up in the air right now,we only have about titles confirmed and little-to-any information on those confirmed titles,if you were to throw me in right now without telling me anything else and just showing me the list of titles so far i would probably so no way i would ever get one....but i know that it was only the initial announcement before the hardware was even complete...i save my judgements about the system as a whole until this e32012 when the final system is it's last stage of production and hopefully more titles are announced....who knows maybe we be ; moviequest14 you may be right, i really can't say if they're coming out with a new ip, or if it will break records. as far as sony coming out with new ip's, i really can't say much, as i don't follow the playstation, but xbox does the same. though, more often then not, the great ip's we see going through an entire trilogy in one generation are a 3rd party who only works on a handful of games, whereas nintendo seems to be trying to shoulder it all themselves possibly explaining why they have so few new ip's and why they take so long to come out . i doubt i will buy a wii-u because of how disappointed i've been in the wii, but who knows? maybe nintendo will have an awesome new ip, as you suggest, and some great 3rd parties will see something in it and make some more great games for it and i will be a proud owner of a wii-u. "only time will tell" and all that. : : well i must hand some considerable respect props to you for stating that it is you that doesn't like the wiimote new ip's not it is like it is fact that both are bad.i highly believe we will see a new ip come in for either both 3ds and wii-u and keep in mind that it technically has only been one gen since nintendo did release a new ip but this could also work out whether they plan it this way or not i know not to be a brilliant success for nintendo...sony constantly releases new ip's many times to almost go into extinction with each generation so while there is considerable excitement..not nearly as much as when nintendo does,the more people wait for a new ip the more successful and popular it will become...if nintendo constantly released new ip's and almost as quickly dispensed of them than we wouldn't be too excited at the announcement of another one..but you can rest assured that unless nintendo royally up when they release a new ip..it is going to break records. moviequest14 i disagree that the wii has no effect on how nintendo is doing. im not a hardcore gamer by any stretch, but i really dont like the wiimotes or nintendos lack of new ips. im sure, like all things, that there is no one cause, but a conglomeration. : i agree,my main point i was trying to get across with that statement wasn't necessarily that you said it but most of these comments are as though the wii is the cause of nintendo's loss,which is really just an excuse for ''hardcore'' gamers that feel nintendo screwed them over.if the wii was why nintendo is losing profit right now we would've seen this several years before now...not at the end of the system life.with the wii ruled out this leaves either the 3ds sales or development costs...3ds sales were low but not million low especially since we later saw a sales increase so the only logical explanation left is that nintendo is putting more money into research development than current games production. : wow dude....just wow...there is not much i can say to a comment like that that is logical and won't be modded. just because nintendo isn't making much progress doesn't mean you should brag about it that its not a good console. lets see, what if the ps3 or the xbox is having the same problem like this? you would react like some of those nintendo fans out there who are defending it. if you look at it ps3 and xbox are like pros while nintendo are newbs but if you know what is the different between newbs and noobs you should know what i mean. so just live with it and play enjoy the game console and stop complaining about it i hate to say it but its kinda hard to make fun of nintendo when both the other companys blatantly copied them. honestly they did a pretty shotty job of it to. i mean kinectimals i wish i was making that up, thats really the name.. so cheesy. just waiting for some landfill in new mexico to absorb all the kinects, move bundles and wii's they can join the atari's heres to hoping the wii u kicks ass. i really must appologise. i'm so sorry that i have an opinion that doesn't meet with yours. you are obviously right. i'm going straight home to dig out my wii, and by god, am i gonna force myself to like it : all the classic cheesy quips at nintendo,the attempt at boasting,the fact you go onto an article about a company you obviously don't even like with ''all those girls and kids must have stopped buying games. their wii consoles and balance pads shoved in a cupboard with the george foreman grill, the coffee machine, volumising hairdrier and rampant rabbit.'' and i am a fanboy? sure...... let me try to show you a little logic,the top selling wii games...there are only without debate ''casual'' titles in that list..all the rest are steadily played titles by normal gamers and when you draw back to the million selling games it includes guitar hero,donkey kong country,rock band,call of duty and twilight princess...i suppose the ''girls and kids'' play those right? you'd be surprised by the amount of tweenie girls and year olds i see in the ps3 and 360 isles.but i am through with you as so far all i get back is the same old useless insults and the same old boasting you were saying to begin with. and fyi probably one of the main reason your friends ''agree'' with you is in fear that you will insult them too for not agreeing with you . ok fanboy, we get it. you love nintendo. my comments are based on my own experience. i'm not alone either. i have friends who feel they got burnt too. we were all dazzled by the 'wavy arm' approach to gaming...for about a week. then we realised that microsoft and sony offered more of what we were looking for. not just games for kids and women. they can aim that new console at the hardcore gamer all they want. i don't believe that many xbox or ps players will give it a second look. especially when ms and sony also have new consoles on the way. once bitten, twice shy. moviequest14 i never said the wii was the only reason for the loss. you and i just went off on a random tangent about if the wiimotes were gimmicky, which i still hold they are, but you don't have to agree with me, or i with you. : and not to mention that the article doesn't say ''wii causes million loss'' or anything even close to it.nintendo has been mainly focusing on the wii-u and 3ds development putting money in while getting none out at the moment which also leads to less software coming out..as much as it would delight you to think so..the wii isn't the main cause for this loss.those titles that i listed haven't gotten any reviews that criticize the use of the wiimote at all and again clunky or not as long as it serves a significant purpose which it still does it is not a gimmick. they may be their biggest sellers, but if that's all they have, they'll continue having below desirable quarters see above . and while the wiimote may have been an important part of those games, the motion sensor has always in my experience been clunky at best. many of these games require very specific movements, which the wiimote cannot produce. hence: gimmick. : the wii has been nintendo's most successful console to date and significantly impacted the competition and boasts the most successful platformer of all time...oh yes then it must just be a flash in the pan sarcasm : and you honestly think that if nintendo released a title called ''racing'' even with non-mario characters that they would make any major sales? pardon my grammar but ''don't fix somethin that ain't broken let's face it, the wii was a quick road to profits based on sales to casual gamers. it didn't pack the technology to give it a long life, and it appears they've milked it completely now. meanwhile, sony and microsoft invested more money in consoles that would last longer, and it looks like that was the right move. what happened to the wii being the future of gaming? all those girls and kids must have stopped buying games. their wii consoles and balance pads shoved in a cupboard with the george foreman grill, the coffee machine, volumising hairdrier and rampant rabbit. ok, probably not the last item. i hear that's a lot more fun than any nintendo hardware. the fact the new 3ds advert states "you can turn off 3d" as a major selling point kind of puts it all in a nut-shell. nintendo's new console can't come soon enough for the company.. but what about their customers? i don't know many folks that are that hyped for the wiiu :? there wasn't enough decent contact for the wii, and the 3ds has been a major failure.. kind of sucks but its the truth. moviequest14 it's funny that you should bring up the actual definition of gimmick, because if you look closely, the wiimote is a gimmick. what it was intended for seldom worked out well, except in bowling games. fps's were never as good for the wii as for any other system. the force unleashed is a great example of a game trying to use the possibilities of the wiimote and it not turning out well. they were clumsy at best. it was cool to see it used, but in actual practice, most games tell you to turn it on its side and use it as a sorry excuse for a remote. gimmick. part . i've played many mario karts, and few have truly noticeable changes. they're based on the other mario games, which for nintendo, is no big surprise. it comes back to what all of us who love nintendo are saying who can see the writing on the wall. they need some new ip's, they need some good 3rd party games. perhaps the 3ds will get more fans by next year due to the games rather than the system itself. i mean really, people bashed the 3ds for its lack of this and that and its so-called gimmicks including myself , but when it comes down to it, people will buy 3ds for its games, not its hardware. for me, the games are mostly mario-related, but mario always sells systems. the wii was a short term cash in for nintendo. it was never meant to sustain a life-cycle, or a profit over years. i think nintendo maintained a high overhead cost based on the profit forecasts of the wii sales peak. they could support their overhead costs back then in , but not now. the wii, ds, 3ds aren't selling as well as their expected to. and no dev should ever drop support for a current system and say they are working on the next system. : part red before as i misspelled your name : in regards to your comment to comb about sequels...titles like mariokart are racing titles..and those titles tend to vary only very little over sequels because they are racing titles and don't include story or seldom do ..and we do see change within the series,mariokart for gamecube had ''double dash'' allowing multiple racers,mariokart brings in more complex design for karts,underwater racing and ''sky'' racing..the wii-mariokart brought in motorcycles and an entirely new control system...these are all rather significant changes for racing titles. : how then is the wiimote itself a gimmick? first let's start out with the actual and correct term of gimmick ''gimmick:in marketing language, a gimmick is a unique or quirky special feature that makes something "stand out" from its contemporaries. however, the special feature is typically thought to be of little relevance or use. thus, a gimmick is a special feature for the sake of having a special feature.'' i see nintendo making many uses of the wiimote,few if none of which are useless..many developers use the wiimote for fps's which it is mainly designed for to add quick reflexes and avoid the stiff-knee syndrome. nintendo released a product the wii wiimote with many uses thus not a gimmick ,and only a couple ''casual'' games that showcase the possibilities beyond that you can blame the low-quality companies for making the controls gimmicky with mass-mini-game saturation and overuse of the remote..with their first party titles the wiimote is often used quite well and few if any review of those titles have any complaints about how it is used. i remember a few failures that were released under the licence of nintendo, such as the super mario bros movie and tv show, captain n, the wizard, and the zelda cartoon, that's when they were just stealing the money right out of our hands. and now as nintendo is slowly dying out or just suffering temporarily this comes to my mind: "they may take our lives, but they'll never take our marketability". bigcrusha, you didn't have to explain it again, i understood it the first time. the issue though, is that the wii started with a gimmick the controller . this is what i've been trying to say on this thread, ps3 and xbox are doing gimmicky things to support their main deal, but they are accessories to a product that stands alone. nintendo is starting their systems off with what look to be rebound products. you really don't see that as an issue? comb5, you're point would be valid if mario kart wasn't built on an existing ip that has several games that continue branching from it. i agree with your likening this to fps franchises mw, battlefiled, etc except that in most of their new installments they change things drastically, mario has been stagnant, a really enjoyable stagnant, but pretty much stagnant. : i totally agree,uncharted has already set up a trilogy in one generation alone. including the upcoming gta v there have been grand theft autos in the past odd years.halo has had many sequels and has been ms's only mass-successful first party franchise over the ms system lives.there have been assassin't creed over the past years.and many,many others can join that list. nintendo is only doing what is working,it would be absolutely stupid for them to stop developing on franchises that end up selling systems. i'm going to end my part of this debate between you and i on this. what you named were game peripherals, something that nintendo and sega both used to draw gamers in. outside of the "controller" that passed on from console to console, i'm being liberal with that percentage of all game peripherals don't survive game generation to generation. nintendo brought more to the table than peripherals. many of the modern game design conventions used today are the result of nintendo. nintendo may not have invented the platformer, but platformers would not have been what they are today. nintendo did not invent the action rpg genre, but again this genre would not have been the same. my point isn't that sega wasn't innovative but history can be subjective. the reason why nintendo appeared to be conservative during those generations is due to their inherent philosophy...gameplay. it is the same till this day. nothing is more important than gameplay. that is the innovation nintendo brings to the industry, more so than any other company. awesome... maybe this will be the big wake up call. gimmicks are not a sound business strategy. consumers: fool them once shame on you, fool them twice... not going to happen. this also goes for the music and the sony ms motion sensor games. nintendo could have had a few of my bucks if they would have ever released a good mario party in all this time : i couldn't care less whether it was directed at me or not...i find it shallow and idiotic of anyone to judge articles simply be the factor of a user's avatar whether it be throwing around the favorite title of fanboy or whatever the case may be.i am not ''offended'' by it,i am irritated that you would be so incredibly prejudiced and biased as to judge others peoples posts only by their avatars...that shows that you are a completely rational and sensible person right? i think not... and what the does a ''guilty conscience'' have to do with it? funny how you took offense to that, when i never mentioned your name. guilty conscience? : i don't agree...there will be a lot of hype for this because this is a combo people have been waiting on for a long time.nintendo titles are held highly for their quality despite what trollers might say ..with proof of this being gamespot reviews..i can't even remember the last time a nintendo title got lower than a ....they usually score 's or higher...so people match the consistent quality of nintendo titles with the hd graphics of the competition and there is very much a reason for there to be some hype.and keep in mind that the initial display at e3 was just that...initial.only a handful of titles had even be announced at that time.surely you don't expect the finished product years before it is even released... : if that were true than sony and ms wouldn't be attempting to reach their zenith in motion gaming. : lol,that is funny...if you have been paying attention to anything about the wii you should have noticed that many reviewers are saying the exact opposite..many claim that titles like donkey kong country,and the super mario galaxy series are incredibly challenging.oh yes graphics sell systems..this is why the system with the most powerful graphics was in last place in sales followed by the second most powerful and the least powerful leading them all ? mario and zelda on xbox and playstation if this continues so it's not entirely a bad thing for us gamers it's because the fad that was motion control gaming has finally died off and consumers are getting bored with their products. the problem with nintendo is they don't have much 3rd party development and only about a couple stellar releases per year. this is hardly enough to keep the ship afloat so to speak as wii sales have plummeted recently. all i'm saying is that it can.... just because hd no longer has shock value, doesn't mean hd zelda won't have some sort of effect, but yes i do agree with you to an extent, hd is old news. it all depends on where nintendo takes the concept. remember, that e3 preview was just a concept demo. if they make a zelda game with length, scale and quality comparable if not better than that of ocarina of time. add in breathtaking graphics, ancient looking dungeons and mind blowing scenery that rivals games like ps3's uncharted. poof agreed. for me there is a sick feeling of "hahaha i told you so" to all my friends who didnt think the wii was a gimmick. then after that i feel bad for nintendo because if it wasent for them, i probaly would not have got into gaming and have as many fond memories as i do now. anyways thumbs up crusha: all im saying is hd cant be your big selling point now, thats behind the times. hd games been out for yr's so the shock appeal of putting a game in hd is over , its expected. we all love zelda and mario , but those titles cant be your crutch. from what i saw of the wii-u at e3 was not impressive. i predict bust you know,i think it would be fun to be a psychologist analyzing these comments on game website. what a fickle bunch. things are going good for a company,and you've got some who believe it will take over the world in a matter of months and fans of other companies that get all mad because they want to see the first company crash and burn. then some bad news comes and you get haters and doubters raining down fire on the company like they'll be out of business tomorrow. you get fanboys and haters arguing back and forth over something that is nothing but opinion. conclusions are jumped to much faster here than in real life. there is a fascinating lack of logic here as well,though some comes up now and again,and is hated by most excessively.as i said,what a fickle bunch. people here need to chill. content you might like users who looked at this article also looked at these content items. avalanche studios co-founder says developer's ambition is for action, not moments that make players cry; steampunk-style game on hold. full story - posted pt 4a games creative director andrew prokhorov thanks jason rubin for telling the studio's story, but says, "we deserve the ratings we get." full story - posted pt
__label__non_math	0.9967	philip seymour hoffman explains why he wanted to play plutarch heavensbee in 'catching fire' why did philip seymour hoffman want to join the cast of the hunger games: catching fire? you mean besides the fact that it's sure to do at least as well as its predecessor? well, according to hoffman, it's the other actors and the character he's playing plutarch heavensbee that made him want to do it. entertainment weekly reported that hoffman said spoiler alert : i liked the people involved. it's a great group of actors. it's a great environment. and the character was something i was attracted to. it was just an interesting role. he's somebody who's part of the revolution, but you don't know it. the idea that somebody would be risking themselves in such an extreme way to join something that's that dangerous because he thinks it's the future... that's interesting stuff, you know? by the way, when i read that, i imagined his character from along came polly reading it. you know, the guy from crocodile tears. the -year-old actor is preparing for the role by reading the second book in suzanne collin's series. he also watched the first movie, in which heavensbee does not make an appearance. he also said, "i've read the script, which is true to the book i kinda ruined it for myself. laughs but i'm reading it anyway, because i really want to find out everything i need to know about this guy." in my opinion, philip seymour hoffman is the perfect casting choice for plutarch heavensbee. as a matter of fact, everyone that has been cast in the movie has been perfect. yesterday, lionsgate also announced they had cast actress meta golding csi, criminal minds in the role of enobaria, a former career tribute from disctrict who is known for the brutal, disturbing way in which she came to win the hunger games. the big question on fans' minds is who's going to be playing finnick? the hunger games: catching fire releases on . you can follow movies and culture editor lance liebl on twitter
__label__non_math	0.9998	gamezone walks you through the paula boss fight in shadows of the damned. this walkthrough offers a strategy as well as some tips and tricks that can help you defeat fleming. video game news in honor of team fortress going free to play, gamezone is going to highlight each of the classes available in the game. in this video, we take a look at the heavy playing on the dustbowl map. we will highglight a new class each day so be sure to return for more videos star wars: the old republic's director of production, dallas dickinson gives us a preview of star wars: the old republic. he takes us to the war-torn planet of alderaan where republic heroes must confront a military general who has seized the throne and refuses to step down. drew holmes shows off saints row: the third's open world gameplay and introduces you to the new city of steelport, the new city of sin. valve has already announced that team fortress is going free to play. now they release cutscene showcasing team fortress 's the medic. is he crazy? or is he just good? everyone can now enjoy team fortress as valved announced that after years and over 200 updates, team fortress is free to play gamezone walks you through the fleming boss fight in shadows of the damned gamezone s eye of the summoned presents a highlight reel of yorick, the gravedigger, the newest champion to enter league of legends. enjoy this gameplay footage of yorick in action against other champions. join harry potter and his friends in their final quest to vanquish the evil lord voldemort. witness the decisive and unforgiving nuclear strike barrage in toy soldiers: cold war gamezone talks to the composer from the upcoming action adventure game, lord of the rings: war in the north train to become a top secrete agent of c.h.r.o.m.e. as you complete dangerous missions and race around the world. j.k. rowling reveals pottermore is an online reading experience where readers can share, participate in, rediscover, and help shape the world of pottermore. try the -map combo in call of duty: black ops annihilation downloadable map pack, featuring maps like drive-in, hazard, silo, hangar , and shangri-la, an exotic jungle map teeming with zombies and zombie monkeys. ea's ben haumiller gives you a quick tour of the ncaa football demo available on the xbox 360 and playstation . this year's demo features the oregon ducks vs texas longhorns and alabama crimson tide vs florida state seminoles. gamezone's eye of the summoned presents it's initial impressions of the newest champion to enter league of legends, yorick, the gravedigger squish the invading enemy armies with the newly introduced mechs in earth defense force: insect armageddon gamezone puts together a small montage of the first mission of f.e.a.r. horde is back and better than ever gamezone gives you a condensed walkthrough of the first mission, chapter , of transformers: dark of the moon
__label__non_math	0.9754	anarchy reigns video walkthrough: free mission the killseekers in this free mission, we're tasked to dispose of goons in an allotted five minute period. the faster you clear it, the better your ranking. the key here is to utilize jack's chainsaw in the most opportune times. letting enemies group up together will allow you to dispose of them in one or two swift strikes of the chainsaw. that alone can cut down an otherwise second ordeal into about two seconds tops. it's also important to take note of all the enemies as well. the first set of enemies can be taken down with a single strike. the fire throwing enemies are just as easy to take down except they now have a longer range attack. the flamethrower enemies aren't as deadly as they look, and go down with a few well timed hits as well. their container will start flashing signifying they're ready to explode, in which case it's smart to detonate them near other enemies as well. one thing to remember is to not utilize jack's rampage power up until the last enemy. this powerful mutant can take quite a few hits, however with jack's rampage, you'll have unlimited use of his chainsaw, making this enemy an easy kill.
__label__non_math	0.7479	preview: the cave is an intriguing puzzle platformer hybrid i find that most puzzle games train the player to solve a certain brand of gameplay, and that s fine. for example, that famous marketing quip, think in portals . but the cave seems to have potential to be something else entirely. the puzzles are situational and are somewhat grounded in common logic. when i played the cave, solutions came together in a very intrinsic way that was fresh and unexpected. the cave is the latest creation from ron gilbert, the mad genius behind monkey island . double fine studios, with the publishing support of sega, is setting out to make a co-op experience with a lot of flavor. the story is narrated by the cave itself, which doesn t make any sense, but i m sure it will in the end. seven characters make the cast of this wacky tale, each with their own story, motivations and abilities. each of these heroes have a distinct personality that is often archetypal, yet sometimes surprisingly distinct. the characters charm is often deceptive as some truly dark scenarios reveal a more disturbing plot. certain characters reveal themselves be even sociopathic, making the game far more interesting than i expected. while platforming may look to be the focus of the game, it s merely the transportation that serves the puzzles. players are encouraged to explore multi-tiered caverns full of mysteries and unlikely scenery. the cave evolves differently with unique ways to solve each puzzle based on the characters the player has chosen. certain section are even built exclusively for having certain characters with, meaning that multiple playthroughs can yield vastly different experiences. this three person party system is built to serve both the single player and co-op experience. though, i get the impression that co-op would be less about having players constantly in the mix and more so just having someone to journey with. it s a challenge to keep two or three people constantly in the action. the screen real-estate is in the hands of the dominant player, and characters can be left behind. this is a good and bad thing, it seems. on one hand, it means that your friends can be left out from the on-screen action, but on the other, it allows for strategic placement for solving puzzles much quicker when next steps are nowhere near each other. with a partner willing to take a back seat from time to time, and you doing the same, more ground can be covered in an efficient way. even if your friend misses out on controlling their character for a bit, it can be equally rewarding to be a part of the discussion. having someone to bounce ideas off of is really helpful, and it s easy to let crucial clues pass you by otherwise. being savvy to the game s way of things and having an observant partner to help you out is extremely valuable. as mentioned earlier, the game can be quite dark. as i wrapped up my demo, i was aghast by the deeds of my companion, the hillbilly. it left an odd sort of impression, and now all i want to do is see it to the end. it s tough to say how much of what i saw was novelty, but if the game remains as intriguing as the bits i saw, it ll prove to be a great experience. i know that i ll be keeping my eye on the cave.
__label__non_math	0.9702	wwii enthusiasts certainly have a lot of options when it comes to gaming, and the list keeps growing. because of this ever-increasing glut of titles, it s becoming more and more difficult for gamers to pick the standout wwii games from the rest of the crowd. to make matters worse, rts games have also reached a saturation point, making it difficult to work up much enthusiasm for anything less than the biggest-name franchises. so when developers decide to field a new wwii rts, they had better make one that stands out if they hope to make gamers notice. codename: panzers phase does a good job of placing itself at the top of the rts heap, but it falls just a little short of truly shining. still, phase is a solid game and a good bet for the rts crowd in need of another wwii fix. phase s main campaigns focus on the north african and italian theaters. there s a bit more plot tying together the various missions than is found in most wwii rts games. the opening campaign, following a young italian officer, walks through the axis portion of the game. with italy s less-powerful tanks, the axis campaign forces players to carefully pick and choose the fields of battle, rather than diving headfirst into the fray. while the germans never take the forefront in the campaign, their powerhouse panzers are filtered in over the course of the campaign as they fight to hold north africa. following the axis campaign, phase focuses on the british and american allied forces as they take the battle to italy itself. while they have more powerful tanks than the italians, going toe-to-toe with german forces makes for some interesting play. following the axis and allied campaigns, a third campaign opens up, following partisan forces. as expected, the partisan campaign is much more infantry-based than its predecessors, often requiring players to capture enemy tanks and vehicles before beginning a true offensive. each mission begins with a briefing, at which time the primary and secondary objectives are handed down. these objectives are important not only for completing the mission, but also for gaining prestige. prestige is the currency used between battles to purchase new and impressive units. as there is no building or infrastructure component to phase , spending prestige is the only way to increase forces above the number assigned at the beginning of a particular mission. with the limited number of units available, each tank and infantry squad is precious. losing a single tank, repair vehicle, or sniper unit can be crippling. in addition, each unit gains experience from battle, leveling up in an rpg-lite manner. as they gain levels, units become more durable and better able to dish out additional damage, making it all that much more important to keep the veterans alive. as one might expect from the name, codename: panzers phase focuses mainly on the armor and tank elements of the battlefield. while i tried to find a way to utilize infantry in a meaningful fashion, i soon found that i could complete almost every objective more effectively with tanks and artillery. infantry are just too fragile and they don t deal enough damage to make them a force to be reckoned with. while there are some interesting conventions in place, such as the ability of flamethrower infantry to heat enemy tanks to the point where the crew needs to evacuate, i had a difficult time finding many practical applications.
__label__non_math	0.9726	twisted lands: shadow town is a casual, hybrid hidden object adventure game from alawar entertainment. leaning toward the rudimentary side of the spectrum, shadow town was a bit of a disappointment, as neither the hidden object nor the adventure portions of the game managed to grab my attention in any meaningful way. couple this with an almost indecipherable story and a frustrating need for unending backtracking, and shadow town is a game soon to be forgotten. the game begins with a loving couple out for a romantic boat ride, somewhere in the ocean. or perhaps they're diving for hidden treasure, it really is unclear. regardless, once our hero returns to the surface from a dive, he blacks out and awakens on a fog-enshrouded, spooky beach, with his sweetheart nowhere to be found. from here, players must try to find the girl and escape the island. this is done in typical adventure-game style, carefully searching each screen for useful items and solving puzzles. but this time around, the puzzles are extremely elementary. mostly a series of item-use puzzles, shadow town does incorporate a few brain teasers along the way, but neither type of puzzle is mentally taxing. finding the items for the various puzzles, however, is done in a slightly interesting way. scattered about the island are several "hidden object" locations, consisting of the familiar search-and-find games. in each game, one of the hidden objects is actually a useful tool that will be added to the player's inventory for later puzzle-solving. although a nice twist, the challenge level of these mini-games is the same lightweight fare as the rest of the game, so a quick bit of staring will easily pick out all of the hidden treasures. there were no puns or plays on words in the item lists, and as such each board was about as straightforward as it could be. as players continue, more and more areas open up to exploration, and a handy journal gives gentle reminders of what needs to be done. however, as more areas are discovered, this only increases one of the most frustrating parts of shadow town--the need for endless backtracking. committing one of the cardinal sins of adventure games, shadow town only makes an item into a "hotspot" at the moment it's needed, regardless of how far back that item happened to be. so that uninteresting bit of background ten screens before, which didn't even register as worthy of notice, will suddenly become important as soon as players open a seemingly-unrelated door. this, then, results in a great deal of backtracking, re-searching each previous screen to see what new item may have inexplicably popped up. in addition, many of the hidden-object areas are reused to give players a new useful item, but they don't become active until some inexplicable in-game trigger is tripped. much more of my time was spent wandering aimlessly through old rooms and locations that i actually spent in solving puzzles. graphically, shadow town is on par with many bargain-priced, casual games. the rendered screens are well done, and the hidden-object games are sufficiently cluttered with random and cleverly-placed trinkets. however, the animations are not nearly as impressive, and the "ghosts" that pop up on occasion are almost silly. audio is also run-of-the-mill casual game fare--nothing impressive, but also nothing painful to hear. the user interface is solid, making it easy to manage the limited inventory and quickly navigate the various screens. shadow town will only last a handful of hours at best, with almost no reason to head back and play again after the abrupt and unfulfilling ending. the collector's edition comes with a bonus story, which is somehow even less cohesive a tale than the main game. however, it does manage to add an extra hour or so to this brief title. admittedly, i don't tend to play casual-style games. i usually go for something with a little more meat on the bone, but i recognize many players don't have the time or inclination to dive into something that deep. even considering that, i just wasn't impressed with twisted lands: shadow town. with little challenge and a confusing story, combined with a frustrating need for backtracking, i found myself relieved when it was all over.
__label__non_math	0.9995	news: nintendo's formerly japan only release of nes classics for the gba is coming stateside. and with a special edition gba sp too. earlier this year we reported that nintendo was planning to release a line of classic nes games for the game boy advance. at that time it was going to be one of those japan only bonuses that most north american gamers miss out. but not anymore. last night, ign reported that the big n is bringing the classic nes series to america on june . the first wave?will include bomberman, donkey kong, excitebike, ice climber, pac-man, the legend of zelda, super mario bros. and?xevious. each game will come in a reproduction of it's original packaging, scaled down to gba size and will retail for .. nintendo has said that each game will faithfully?mimic the original,?probably?through emulation. but that's not all, a special edition gba sp will also ship on june with a faceplate design that looks exactly like an original nes controller. if you just can't wait, ign?has exclusive pictures of all of it. we at gaming target will?keep you posted on all of the classic developments.
__label__non_math	1.0000	roll on to zoom in browning bar longtrac centerfire rifle our price ,099. availability: sold out - firearms shipping charge of .per item. - you must be at least years old to purchase this item. state and local laws may vary. - to purchase online and pickup at a gander mountain store simply add this item to your cart. - to purchase and ship to a ffl dealer other than gander mountain, please call 888-542- and press for firearms. - ny customers: to purchase firearms and ship to a gander mountain store or other ffl dealer, please call 888-542- and press for firearms. prices, promotions, styles and availability may vary by store and online. details specsback to top product descriptionas the first autoloader to offer magnum cartridge capability, the timeless browning bar continues to offer bolt action accuracy, reliability, and better features each year. an extremely reliable gas-operated system, high strength alloy receivers, composite stocks, and now the browning bar longtrac and browning bar shorttrac models make the browning bar a truly revolutionary rifle and the best choice of any autoloading rifle on the market. aircraft grade alloy satin nickel receiver. drilled and tapped for scope mounts. hammer-forged barrel. multi-lug rotary bolt. detachable box magazine. composite trigger guard and floorplate. stylized forearm. checkered. shim adjustable for cast on off and drop at comb. this rifle has an oil-finished grade ii walnut stock.
__label__non_math	1.0000	elder anthony duane perkins, sustained to the first quorum of the seventy in april, general conference, was born in cortez, colorado, usa, on , to sunny kimballa luther perkins and larry lazelle perkins. the family didn t settle in one spot until he was years old, in junior high school, and they established their home in farmington, new mexico, the home town of his future wife, christine abbott. elder perkins spent much of his childhood with his legs in all kinds of contraptions because one of his legs stopped growing when he was . at age he was the guinea pig in an inventive but successful operation performed by a chinese doctor. elder perkins notes that the event was the first of many interactions with the chinese. my whole life has been wrapped up with the chinese people. of interaction between him and his future wife, elder perkins said that, as an eighth grader, "i unfortunately listened to a school teacher. he convinced me that i should run for junior high student body president and she also ran. she killed me in the election." but still friends, they dated in high school and continued their relationship after starting byu. elder perkins said he had an inkling of the way his life might go when, while watching april general conference at byu, he heard president spencer w. kimball mention china in a talk about taking the gospel to the world. "i really felt the spirit hit me," he said. he wrote in his journal that day that he thought he was going to have something to do with china. "then three months later, my call came, signed by president kimball, to taiwan." there, he said, he caught the china bug. one of the many blessings of serving his mission, he said, was hearing for the first time of university of pennsylvania's wharton school. a companion, later utah governor jon huntsman jr., told elder perkins his father attended that prestigious business school. elder perkins returned to byu after completing his mission, and ten weeks after his mission, he and christine were married in the salt lake temple on , beginning another sort of mission, primarily in asia, that continued through the years and that will continue through his service as a general authority. after graduating with a bachelor's degree from byu, they moved to vancouver, wash., for work. while there he investigated wharton and found that not only could he pursue an mba there, but also a concurrent master's degree in international studies with an emphasis on east asia from the university of pennsylvania. those degrees opened the door for his continued involvement with china. but first came a seven year stay in dallas, texas. shortly after building their "dream home" there, his company asked him to open its management consulting office in china. the perkinses liked dallas, they said, and after building their dream home, "we were going to live there forever," elder perkins said. but when the career opportunity arose, "we went to the temple and felt like we got very clear direction to abandon our house and go to china." how did sister perkins handle such a dramatic move? "you be a wife and mother; it doesn't matter where you are," she answered. "that doesn't change just the shopping changes," she said with a laugh. she added, "i had my own answer. i knew that was where we were supposed to go. i trusted not only my husband, i trusted the lord." now elder perkins and his wife, christine, say home is "wherever you are." at the time of his call to the first quorum of the seventy, they were in taipei, taiwan, where he was serving as mission president. prior to that they lived eight years in beijing, china, because of elder perkins' employment. pressed, they say that is the closest they have to a place called "home," though, being americans, that doesn't seem quite right, either. sister perkins admitted the move to beijing was difficult. "it was frightening, not as far as physical harm; i was never afraid for my life or anything like that. it was frightening to be illiterate. i couldn't speak, i couldn't understand, i couldn't read and it was frustrating." but the challenges were softened because they lived among other expatriates, many english speaking. elder and sister perkins also emphasized that the trials were exceeded by blessings. for their children, "the education they got, not just in the international school, but in life in general," was a great blessing, elder perkins said. the children all learned to speak, read and write in chinese. members of the church from other countries were given approval from the government to hold meetings in china, and elder perkins served as the president of their branch in beijing. "we were always very clear that we were going to follow every rule that china issued," he said. under those conditions, the branch of foreign nationals flourished with about 200 members. in , while their son derek was serving a mission in taiwan, elder perkins was called to be a mission president there. they finished their mission and established a home in the united states. their children had lived most of their lives in asia and the three youngest had never attended a u.s. school, elder perkins pointed out, so they were a little nervous about the move. "this is a foreign country for them," sister perkins noted. i ve spent half of my adult life in asia, he said. this great blessing has shown my family the global reach of the restored gospel of jesus christ. previous to his call to the first quorum of the seventy, elder perkins had served as district president s counselor, branch president, elders quorum president, ward clerk, and seminary teacher. at this posting, elder perkins continues to serve in the first quorum of the seventy.
__label__non_math	0.9874	here s a good one skullhead wanted workbenches with ton of storage underneath. he also wanted to be able to hide that storage to give the place a cleaner look. and of course he was on a tight budget. the solution? simple shelving systems broken down to two parts each sporting an owner made set of doors. brilliant and easy.
__label__non_math	1.0000	100 options from garagetek of new england from top to bottom, your garage will be more than you ever expected. with 100 options for the garage floor, walls, and ceiling the design options are endless. but don't worry, our garage consultants will work with you to match the products to your needs. and with our garagevision software, in one short visit to your home you will receive a color, 3d design of what your garage can become. learn more about how we can help you organize your garage.
__label__non_math	0.9995	garden talk: from nga editors houseplant with pizzazz many indoor houseplants lack the colorful foliage and flowers of the plants in our gardens. they may tolerate the lower light and humidity in the home but often they arent especially attractive. if youre up for a challenge, here is a relatively rare houseplant with brightly colored leaves and flowers that command attention. a relative of the african violet, episcia pink brocade features large, draping pink, white, silver, and green leaves. the orange-red flowers are icing on the cake. this slow-growing houseplant needs a consistent environment to thrive. it grows best with moderate light, warm temperatures, and even watering. it grows well under artificial lighting or in a terrarium. for more information on pink brocade episcia, go to: logees greenhouses. cozy wrap for compost composting is a great way to dispose of yard and kitchen waste without adding more volume to our landfills. in general, the warmer the pile, the faster the composting, so in many regions the cold weather means the end of active composting for the season. a new insulating cover can help keep your pile cooking longer so you have a finished batch of compost sooner than ever. the thermal wrap compost cover holds in moisture and absorbs and retains heat. the " x " x black polyethylene blanket is large enough to fit over standard-size wire bin composters. its particularly useful in windy, cold climates where compost piles can dry out easily. the velcro strips hold the cover together and grommets secure it to the ground. for more information on the thermal wrap compost cover, go to:gardeners supply company . bulb flowers for all occasions bulb flowers, both cut and potted, are popular gifts for many occasions, including first dates and dinner parties. however, many people, especially men, dont know what flowers to bring to these occasions -- especially when they involve the opposite sex -- or how to take care of the flowers. the netherlands flower bulb information center has created a fun web site that can help the flower illiterate to select and care for the right cut or potted flower bulbs for the occasion. the site covers four possible scenarios -- shes visiting you, youre visiting her, it's a special occasion, or youre in the doghouse -- and suggests the appropriate flower to bring and how to present it. you'll also find practical, how-to tips on caring for the flowers, and nine videos on topics such as arranging cut tulips and pots for daffodils. find out more about how to impress someone with bulb flowers at: savedbythebud.com. the toughest street trees urban environments are tough on street trees. between air pollution, lack of high-quality soil, vandalism, and pests and diseases, street trees have a tough time surviving. one of the leading factors contributing to urban tree decline is improper tree selection and planting. planting the wrong tree in the wrong environment often results in a stressed tree that doesnt flourish. if it does thrive, it may eventually have to be severely pruned so it doesnt interfere with power lines or buildings. to help with selecting the right tree for the location, the u.s. national arboretum in washington, d.c., has teamed up with the university of maryland and local utilities to run trials on the best tree species and cultivars to plant in urban areas. after four years they have begun to compile a list of trees that can meet the demands of main street while still having an aesthetic appeal. some of the best trees for a wide variety of geographic areas include brandywine red maple acer rubrum brandywine , which reaches feet tall and has an appealing globe shape and brilliant fall foliage. natchez crape myrtle lagerstroemia natchez reaches feet tall, has white flowers and beautiful cinnamon-colored bark, and is resistant to powdery mildew disease. for more information on other choice urban street trees, go to: power trees.
__label__non_math	0.9999	welcome to mistercross's member page as a youngster i read about luther burbank, and have wanted to breed plants ever since. carol deppe's book on the subject has been a recent inspiration. now that i have some space for gardening - if only there was time to get into it seriously. my screen name refers to my personality - not my hybridizing ability i live in: united states my zone is: z6b ozarks my favorite forum is hybridizing. my favorite forum is heirloom plants gardens. first registered on .
__label__non_math	0.9999	smartpro tools is dedicated to the design and manufacture of quality hand tools that are both practical and effective for the do-it-yourselfer and the professional. all smartpro tools products are designed and manufactured to the highest possible quality standards. all of our products are subjected to rigorous testing by reputable testing labs to insure that they meet or exceed ansi and din standards.
__label__non_math	1.0000	island school takes over after-school program margo freeman, president of the island school board, and pat chapman, chairwoman of the friends of boca grande community center, announced thursday the after school children s program will now be ru...... no comments posted for this article. post a comment
__label__non_math	1.0000	view the track schedule click here to read about us on great schools.org gateway christian school is accredited by the association of christian schools international, a.c.s.i. and by the state of new mexico for k-through 12th grades. click here to view our yearly school calendar.
__label__non_math	1.0000	more how to choose articles gatheringguide is always looking for the best event and wedding vendors out there. if you know of one, suggest a vendor. if you represent a vendor and would like to get your company listed, submit a profile. please wait when writing reviews, share your personal experience. offer details and tips that others will find helpful in either selecting or using a vendor. personal experience: please only share your firsthand personal experience, not what you've heard from others. accuracy: make sure your review is factually correct. reviews with factual errors may be removed. feel free to air your opinions, but don't overstate or misrepresent your experience. business owners: business owners can address reviews by posting a reply. replies shouldn't be used to launch personal attacks, advertise, or offer an incentive to change a review.
__label__non_math	0.9997	uf faces balanced missouri published: saturday, at a.m. last modified: saturday, at a.m. florida had a simple defensive mission in its convincing -win thursday night at texas a m. who: no. florida -, -sec vs. no. missouri -, -sec when: p.m. where: o'connell center it won't be quite as easy today when the gators return home on a -hour turnaround to face no. missouri. to beat the aggies, the gators blanketed senior guard elston turner, who was held to just four points on -of-shooting. turner had scored points in his previous game against kentucky. but missouri features a more balanced team with four healthy scorers in double figures. also, the gators must figure out how to minimize the impact of one of the best point guards in college basketball. missouri junior phil pressey leads the southeastern conference in assists at .per game, accounting for more than half of the tigers' total assists .apg . he's terrific at what he does, florida coach billy donovan said. i think the thing that he does that's the sign of a great player is a player who can make other people around him better, and certainly he does that as well as anyone in the country. missouri comes into the game without leading scorer laurence bowers .ppg. , who is out indefinitely with a knee injury. but the tigers still have plenty of offensive firepower, led by guard jabari brown .ppg , pressey .ppg , connecticut transfer alex oriakhi .ppg. and auburn transfer earnest ross .ppg . donovan said missouri's scoring balance begins with pressey's court vision and decision-making ability. he understands rotations, donovan said. he understands how the floor is moving. and then he finds people and he gives a lot of their players a lot of opportunities to take a lot of open shots, whether it's oriakhi rolling to the basket for dunks, or whether it's finding brown or anybody else on the perimeter for 3s. scottie wilbekin will get the initial defensive assignment on pressey, like he did against turner. but donovan said wilbekin will get plenty of help from his teammates. and florida's approach defensively will be different than what it was against turner, considering pressey's ability to create as well as score. one of the things that makes them a great team in my opinion is the ability of pressey to find people that are open, donovan said. so you can sit there and give him a lot of attention and then all of a sudden he's finding people for wide-open shots, and that becomes really challenging. it helps the gators are returning home. florida, a .-point favorite according to latest line, is expecting its first sellout of the season at the ,000-seat o'connell center for its first meeting with missouri. that's cool, florida senior guard mike rosario said. it's going to be a great atmosphere and we're going to be ready. missouri's physicality up front has taken a blow due to the injury of bowers -foot-, 227 pounds , who is out with an mcl sprain. but the tigers still come into the game leading the sec in rebounding margin at plus-.. oriakhi, the starting center on uconn's national championship team, is third in the sec in rebounding at .per game. the battle royal in the paint between the 255-pound oriakhi and 249-pound florida junior center patric young should be worth watching. they are going to come in here fired up, young said. they believe they have a chance to win the conference just like we believe we have a chance to win the conference. florida will be playing its first and only two-day turnaround in league play this season. but the gators have had success preparing quickly under donovan. florida went -in thursday-saturday turnarounds in sec play last season and is -in thursday-saturday games since the season. we have a lot of veteran guys that are used to it, young said. we'll take care of our bodies to make sure we get our rest. when the ball is tipped, we'll be ready. there won't be any excuses. . this copyrighted material may not be re-published without permission. links are encouraged.
__label__non_math	1.0000	pride photo challenge: seattle dyke on bike gives fierce rihanna face talk about setting the streets on fire: riri has nothing on this fierce femme from seattle. gaycities member ngowdy submitted this photo into the annual gaycities pride photo challenge. now he has a chance to win a free vacation courtesy of jetblue and kimpton hotels. but it s up to you to decide which pride photo deserves to be the winner: browse through over 300 submissions and vote for your favorites until july .
__label__non_math	0.9996	after george w. bush s reelection four years ago, i had this nice feeling which lingered for several weeks. peggy noonan couldn t stop being happy about the election result. bearing this in mind in the campaign s final days, i resolved that should our guy lose, i would refrain from bringing the election up with my liberal friends, at least until the president-elect started selecting his cabinet. now that their guy has won, i try not to bring it up. i wish for them to enjoy the nice feeling i so enjoyed back in . we had our chance to be happy about an election. now, it s their turn. let them celebrate without experiencing our sadness. yet, i will note that all too many bring it up. yesterday, at a brunch for my college alumni association to honor a representative of the alumni office visiting the city of angels, i as the only open republican at the event, found myself questioned by others there about my take on the election. i was delighted at how civil were the exchanges, but disturbed at how little most people knew about sarah palin, with one very smart guy taking at face value any charge leveled against her. as if newsweek were a reliable source on republicans. there is another reason i don t want to bring up the election with my political adversaries. i am surprised at how sad the result has made me. i attribute part of my sadness to the failure of our side to promote a conservative economic message in a campaign in which the economy was the primary issue. while some claim our ideas were defeated at the ballot box, i note that they weren t even presented. at least on economic issues, this campaign did not provide a vehicle for our ideas nor a solid defense against those blaming the economic crisis on conservatism. the other thing that makes me sad is that, in the course of the campaign, i really grew to respect john mccain the man. i watched his classy performance at the al smith dinner, delighted in his self-deprecating humor on saturday night live, revisited the story of his integrity and courage when captured by the north vietnamese, and really, really appreciated the love he felt for our country, a love that was made particularly manifest in that most gracious of concession speeches. and i wish someone who recognized his merit as a human being had told the arizona senator that to win the office of which he is surely worthy, he need articulate a better economic message and make that message the theme of his campaign. it s almost as if john mccain were the right man for the job, but was running at the wrong time. sorry, the comment form is closed at this time.
__label__non_math	1.0000	anton wanking off his pleasure twinky hardon by eutwinkin - by euro twinkin - click here for more we get the sweetest and horniest and year old twinks from all over europe and put them together for some amazing hardcore twink sex return to the video copy the code below to add this video to your website about this file brought to you by
__label__non_math	0.9977	over the course of days, screenings and interactive discussions have taken place. generating a great deal of interest was the discussion after the film call me kuchu focusing on homophobic laws in russia and uganda. participants included stosh jovan an activist from ugandan, robert bierdron, member of the parliamentary assembly of the council of europe, igor kochetkov, chairmen of russian lgbt network and stephanie kulayev, a human rights activist from the anti-discrimination centre memorial. the similarities between uganda and russia were striking. when i was watching the film and i sometimes didn t understand in which country i am, comments kochetkov, the arguments of opponents against lgbt are so similar. i think this is linked to the fact of the problem of homophobia. it is clear that our struggle is for the right to life. director sara broos sweden presented her film for you naked which traces the story of lars, a famous swedish artist, and junior, a dancer from brazil and the development of their relationship and the attempt to find a common language between each other. she states: "usually in films about homosexuality there is an opinion, the point of view of the author. but in my film, i do not give a comment, i'm just telling a love story. it is unusual for such films. generating equally lively interest was the q a with mette aakerholm gardell sweden director of the film not a man in sight. "i'm glad that between me and the audience mutual understanding was reached, said mette: the last show was one of the most successful in the history of my movie. the opportunity to show this film was very important for me because of the situation in which lgbt people are now in russia." within the framework of the festival a new campaign has been launched: stop homophobia in russia in the next five days there is still much more to come: a collection of russian lgbt films and a discussion on the in visibility of lgbt in the arts and cinema in russia, a debate on the pros and cons of outing closeted homophobic politicians and q as with michiel van erp director of the highly acclaimed documentary i am a woman now and lucy mulloy director of the awarding feature film una noche. to date the festival has attracted already over one thousand visitors.
__label__non_math	1.0000	high winds, heavy rain, widespread power outages, shore flooding expected in massachusetts boston massachusetts officials advised some coastal residents to leave their homes monday and prepared to shut down public transportation in the boston area as the state began to feel the fury of a massive storm that will bring high winds, heavy rain, widespread power outages and flooding to the shore. even though hurricane sandy was expected to make landfall in new jersey later monday, massachusetts was bracing for a heavy impact. gov. deval patrick said there were high seas and storm surges over feet along the coast monday morning, and there was concern about the midday high tide. voluntary evacuations were advised in sections of new bedford, scituate, lynn and plum island, the governor said. no one was being forced to leave home, but he said people should take the storm very seriously. caution is advised right now, he told reporters at the state s emergency management headquarters in framingham. the weather is hard to predict. we are doing the best we can to stay ahead of it, but it can be dangerous especially with winds at this velocity. the national weather service is forecasting sustained winds of to mph with gusts of up to mph in coastal areas, and slightly lower inland. the brunt of the storm was expected after p.m. in massachusetts. patrick, who declared a state of emergency ahead of the storm, said ,300 national guard troops have been deployed and several hundred more are on standby if needed. the massachusetts bay transportation authority announced that it would shut down the system at p.m. monday because of the expectation of damaging winds. the order applied to subways, buses and commuter trains. richard davey, the state s transportation secretary, said the mbta made the announcement several hours in advance to give people who had taken public transit into the city enough time to get home. the worst thing would be to strand folks in the city, he said. davey added that ridership had been down significantly in the morning as most people heeded advice to stay home and many businesses allowed employees to take the day off or work at home. along the coast, residents hoped for the best but prepared for the worst. in scituate, a coastal town about miles south of boston, officials issued a voluntary evacuation for about 200 to 300 residents in areas prone to flooding, but as of a.m., only one person was in a shelter set up at the town s high school. we ve just started to see some street flooding, said joe norton, chairman of the town s board of selectmen. if the power goes out, that s when people leave their homes. at quincy s wollaston beach, waves were coming over the seawall at a.m. some people tried to keep up with morning routines like dog-walking or jogging, but most of the dozens who gathered there came to watch the storm. eight-year-old emma chenette of braintree yelped for joy as waves hit her on the sidewalk as she ran back and forth in the froth. it s horrible, she said with a smile. i like the water, but it just comes flying at me. emma s dog was too scared to get out of the family s jeep. the state s utilities have crews, some from out of state, poised to restore power. scattered outages already have been reported. most schools and colleges canceled classes. state trial courts were to close at noon monday and stay closed until noon tuesday. boston s logan international airport remained open, but cancellations were mounting and ticket agents seemed to outnumber passengers in terminal a. i was supposed to fly out today and head home, but hurricane sandy had other ideas for me, said shawn hartman, , of san antonio. hartman, a truck driver, dropped off a load of new trucks at a local dealership, then hopped a bus and train to get to logan, only to find out his flight was canceled. i m just resigned to the wait , he said. they ve got to do what they ve got to do to keep everybody safe. i d rather be here on the ground than, going down, you know? he added, i ll get some good seafood in me.
__label__non_math	1.0000	more snow forecast over the weekend in south gloucestershire further disruptions are expected in south gloucestershire over the weekend as the snow persists. more snow has been forecast for tomorrow, saturday , but it should be less frequent and increasingly patchy throughout the day, according to the met office. the snowfall should let up on sunday however. the treacherous weather led to school closures today, friday. a total of primary schools in the thornbury area, pilning, severn beach and oldbury shut as staff struggled to get to work. the two local high schools, castle school in thornbury and marlwood in alveston were also closed. avon and somerset police and emergency services were on call throughout the day. several roads were closed due to accidents while others were considered to hazardous for motorists. the m48 severn bridge was closed between junction and . one lane was closed on the m5 northbound between j14 thornbury falfield and j13 stroud after a car broke down. police are still advising people in the area to stay off the roads, especially hgv drivers, unless travelling is absolutely necessary. an avon and somerset police spokesman said: think ahead. tune in to local radio for weather and travel reports, plan your route, leave extra time for your journey and, if you're in doubt - then don't set out. for more roads updates visit the highways agency website for weather updates go on
__label__non_math	1.0000	turin, december - a flyer displayed on a church bulletin board by a priest in the northern region of liguria, and then subsequently posted on the social network facebook by outraged members of the congregation, has caused an uproar for allegedly "encouraging" violence against women. the priest from the san terenzo church in the town of lerici, father piero corsi, entitled the leaflet "women and femicide - healthy self-criticism. how often do they provoke?". the lengthy discussion written by corsi asks if men are just "randomly crazy, or are they pushed?". "the fact is that women are increasingly the cause...and end up exacerbating tensions by leaving children to themselves, keep dirty houses, put cold dishes on the table, buy fast food and provide filthy clothes. so if a family goes to the dogs and is pushed to crime violence must be condemned and punished firmly often the responsibilities are shared". the bulletin also examines sexual violence against women, noting that women and girls often "go around dressed provocatively". maria gabriella carnieri moscatelli, president of the italian emergency hotline telefono rosa said on wednesday that the flyer was a "true instigation to violence against women" and called for both premier mario monti and pope benedict xvi to speak out against the message. according to the association, sexual violence causes more fatalities among women in italy than cancer and is most often committed by a spouse or former partner. "italy has the highest percent of femicide in europe...a message like this by corsi is unacceptable," moscatelli said. gazzetta del sud on line - - tutti i diritti riservati - s.e.s. societ editrice sud - partita iva: powered by virtualcom interactive
__label__non_math	0.9999	i served as assistant commonwealth attorney from to and from to . i served as grayson county attorney from january through december . since july , i have served as assistant grayson county attorney, with primary responsibility for juvenile court. in addition to my prosecutorial experience, i have been active in the republican party for many years. i have been a registered republican voter since and have been involved in republican party politics since i returned to leitchfield from law school. i served as a member of the kentucky republican state central committee from to and from to ; as republican vice-chairman of second congressional district from to ; as republican chairman of second congressional district from to and from to ; and as republican chairman of grayson county from to . additionally, i took a leave from my private practice for five months to serve as campaign manager for the successful ron lewis for congress campaign. i served as vice-chairman and later, chairman, of the board of trustees, methodist children s homes of kentucky, from to . i have served as a member of the board of directors of grayson manor since . i also served as a member of the original e-911 board. i am the sixth of eight children born to the rev. riley guffey and lena burchett guffey. i was born on a farm, but grew up mainly in parsonages wherever my father served. at the time i graduated from high school, my father was serving as pastor to the clarkson methodist church, little clifty methodist church, rock creek methodist church, summit methodist church and duff methodist church. i have lived in grayson county since , except for my years in the army and while pursuing my education in bowling green and lexington. i married sharon spencer just after her graduation from clarkson high school in . we have two children, wes guffey and mysha leigh guffey thompson. we have four grandchildren, two with each of our children. wes guffey is a baptist minister and an independent contractor. wes is married to karen childress guffey. their son, jacob guffey, is a student at lindsey wilson college. their daughter, rachel guffey, is a senior in high school. leigh thompson is a speech pathologist. she is married to timmy thompson. leigh has two children, emily thompson, age eight, and eli wesley thompson, age two. grayson county has been my home for more than thirty years. my children, and now my grandchildren are a part of this community. i would appreciate the opportunity to make every effort toward making it a safe place for all of our families. i feel that the grayson county attorney s office can play a key role in accomplishing that goal. the primary issue in this campaign is which of the candidates are best qualified to serve as the county s prosecutor and legal advisor. we are lucky in grayson county to have well-trained and competent police agencies. i believe my experience and the many hours of specialized training i have received will enable me to carry out the duties of the county attorney s office better than any other candidate. i have many years of experience in advising the officers in the conduct of their duties. i also have experience in advising the fiscal court with regard to legal matters. in addition, i presently work with the staff of the county attorney s office. if i am elected, the transition will be smooth, with the present staff continuing to serve the people of grayson county. i ask for your vote and support in this campaign. of all the candidates for the office, i feel that my qualifications make me the best choice for you to serve as your county attorney for the next four years. please visit my web site at hyperlink i would appreciate your support in this election campaign.
__label__non_math	0.9994	a few months ago i submitted various forms of my handwriting to pen internet for its ritemail contest. the company was gathering handwriting to refine its script algorithms, and the beta of the program was available for use. pen internet just announced the official release of the product. ritemail allows you to send receive handwritten e-mails to and from others using a desktop laptop, pda, or tablet pc. you can send and receive either with a standard modem or wirelessly. ritemail starts at us .and includes a one year subscription to the service. check out our review of the beta version. did any of you readers use the beta version, and what are your impressions? i personally use electric pocket's pixer messaging program for handwritten e-mails, and regularly use the notepacks for sending garfield love notes to my wife. there is no extra subscription fee for setting up and using an account with pixer, and you can also add edit send images with pixer. check out our pixer review as well. user comments comment s how about sending handwritten email's on cell phones. could there be any more waste of technology the to send handwritten notes on a telecommunications device? do handwritten emails require a stamp and take months to reach their destination? i can barely read the unintelligible drivel my boss sends me with his poorly typed emails, now i have to put up with his sloppy handwritting. how can you tell i am unimpressed . - by topher
__label__non_math	1.0000	one of the more interesting tidbits to come from netflix s first quarter report is that the company has grown well over over the past year, bringing its total subscriber base to .million users. that number means that well over of americans now have a netflix subscription, making it bigger than any individual cable company in the country including comcast. netflix has been on a tear recently, introducing new features, rapidly adding movies to its catalog, and aggressively pushing streaming video as the future of its revenue model. the company reported first-quarter earnings of over million a year ago. at the same time, netflix reported that the second quarter may be lighter than initially predicted. even so, they expect subscriber growth to continue rapidly, but eventually the company is concerned that getting new subscribers will get harder over time. the company went out of its way to call out competing services like hulu plus and amazon video-on-demand as threats to the service s continued growth. in order to bolster growth and the strength of its catalog, netflix has gone out of its way to strike new deals with networks and studios for shows that are currently on-air. traditionally, the company has managed to get access to shows once they re released on dvd, but netflix wants in on some of hulu s business and wants to be able to provide new shows after they ve aired on network television. the company is also investing in its own original programming. kevin spacey recently signed on to bring the service s first orginal show, house of cards, to netflix, and the company hopes to bring on additional original content in the near future. in the end, netflix is aiming at new content and television shows, as well as movies and video streaming to carry its growth forward. that s no surprise, but what is interesting is that the company is clearly moving away from traditional disc-by-mail as its bedrock revenue source. the company announced streaming-only plans last year, and has teased new family plans for multi-user streaming in the near future. disc-by-mail may not be going anywhere anytime soon, but netflix clearly isn t going to depend on it.
__label__non_math	0.9961	hello kitty seat belt clothing belts geekalerts has shown a lot of cool belt buckles lately and we thought it was only fair to show a few belts that would be more fitting for that special lady in your life. the hello kitty seat belt clothing belts are designed to function and look like a classic car seat belt while adding hello kitty cuteness and style to your waistline. choose between the hello kitty zebra belt and the hello kitty bow belt. both are .inches wide, adjustable, and feature hello kitty s face along the belt. give your geekette something that will last more than a few days this valentine s day and get her the hello kitty zebra seat belt clothing belt or the hello kitty bow belt. both are available at hot topic for .
__label__non_math	0.9999	you can see fifa world cup fever everywhere, but wait due to any reason you could not not watch the match on your tv or computer? there is no need to get worried about. today we compiled a list of three best iphone apps which would help iphone users to stay in touch with the latest updates of fifa world cup . few days ago we also posted about cool iphone soccer games, if you are really a soccer lover then you should check out them its a free iphone app, and espn fifa world cup compatible with iphone, ipod touch, and ipad. requires ios .or later. espn fifa world cup is one of the best iphone app, it updates users with tournament stats and tables, including bracket view, eclusive us and global news and analysis, full tournament schedule, free espn original video vignettes profiling all teams, national anthems for all world cup teams, world cup tournament history dating back to and many more. it is also a free iphone app, compatible with iphone, ipod touch and ipad. requires ios .or later. it also sets the match time according to the desired time zone of the user so that you one can never miss any match because of time confusions. this handy little app is available for the iphone and ipod touch. sky sports live football is a free iphone app and compatible with iphone, ipod touch and ipad. requires ios .or later. sky sports live football score provides users detailed info of every match. its feature includes live scores, commentary, match stats, pictures. player profiles and updated news on teams and the world cup are also part of this app.
__label__non_math	0.9643	d3o lab has developed d3o, a "specially engineered material with intelligent molecules that flow with you as you move but on shock lock together to absorb impact energy." it's being used for it's shock absorption properties, and is currently available in motorcycle gear, shin pads, hats, etc. the video above shows a moderate to severely retarded man getting hit in the head and knees with a snow shovel. i want to try. i'd pretend i was going for the knee and then crack , right in the face. he could use some of that orange shit to glue his nose back on afterwards. the doughnut-to-go dougnut briefcase is a briefcase for the safe and secure transport of sprinkled deliciousness not bananas . more of a jelly-filled kind of person? you're shit out of luck, because these only work with holed donuts. hey mcfly, you bojo -- doughnut-to-g... continue let's face it, golf courses aren't as safe as they used to be. so i'll be damned if i'm cruising around the links in an unprotected buggy. thankfully, now there's the k anti-terrorist assault cart atac . thwack fore it weighs just under half a tonne, has ... continue looking for that perfect macbook sleeve that says, "i'm not just a creative, i'm a pretentious creative?" then you're in luck. also, probably not that creative. burned you just got burned. called the bookbook, this .case literally transforms your macbook into "an anti... continue
__label__non_math	0.9998	according to kotaku, lucasarts may be giving the sequel to its bestselling game the secret of monkey island the same special edition treatment it gave the first. last year s the secret of monkey island: special edition had the same gameplay as the original, but that gameplay was packaged with updated character art and painted backgrounds in a widescreen resolution. in addition to visual polish, it also featured an updated score and voice acting which was beyond the game s capability in the original release , a new user interface, and a -tiered tip system. if there were aspects of the new version that players didn t like, they had the ability to switch seamlessly between the original game and the special edition at any point in gameplay with a single keystroke. kotaku s mysterious sources say that monkey island : the special edition is now in the works, based on the sequel to the original monkey island. we ve heard from sources that the game is due to be announced very soon, perhaps even next week at the game developer s conference, and that like the first game s special edition, will contain all-new graphics and audio. if kotaku is right, the game will be available for xbox, pc, iphone, and playstation.
__label__non_math	0.9989	jason momoa in talks to play drax the destroyer in guardians of the galaxy posted by eelyajekim guardians of the galaxy is well on its way to getting ready to start the early stages of production. the james gunn-directed film already has chris pratt signed on to play star-lord, jim carrey and adam sandler are rumored to be in talks to play either groot or rocket raccoon, and they have an animated idea of how they want audiences to see the gun-touting critter. that basically leaves the roles of drax the destoryer and gamora up for grabs. well it looks like conan and game of thrones star jason momoa has pulled ahead of names like isiah mustafa, dave bautista, and brian patrick, and claimed the role. latino review was the first to break the news of the casting. since thanos appeared towards the end of the avengers, it was clear that marvel studios was ready to go beyond planet earth and the world of asgard. guardians of the galaxy would be their first film set directly in space. originally drax was a human named art douglas, but after being killed by thanos, who also kidnapped his daughter, douglas was resurrected as the alien drax. drax has immense physical strength and is very skilled with knives. he also possesses the ability to sense thanos presence and has a physic detection of others. however, his sole purpose is to kill thanos, and seeing how thanos is rumored to fit into the avengers , it could be possible that the guardians of the galaxy fail to defeat or kill thanos in their film adaptation. but drax is robbed of his quest to kill and goes on to kill thanos killer. as his rage grew so did his strength. think of this as the guardians of the galaxy s version of the hulk. momoa makes plenty of sense from a physical standpoint. sure conan and bullet to the head may not have fared well at the box office, but his role in game of thrones should be more than enough to prove he is worthy of the role of drax. so what do you think? is jason momoa perfect for the role?
__label__non_math	1.0000	holy cow friday night was definitely an event to be seen congrats to ultress for telling us what the frack she knew about the
__label__non_math	1.0000	hopefully you're not all shopped-out from black friday, because there are some pretty amazing deals on the web today for cyber monday if you like shopping on the web, chances are you love cyber monday. we've compiled all the best beauty deals online, along with a few of our favorites. see where to head first in our bella beauty beat. on kirbie johnson: club monaco dress, h m necklace. the holidays can be the most wonderful time of the year, but they can also be the most stressful when it comes to holiday shopping. fear not with the best black friday and cyber monday beauty buys. find out where to get the most bang for your buck when you keep reading. listen up, online shoppers cyber monday only involves the click of a button technically but to get the best deals, it requires just as much planning as black friday shopping. read on for strategies that will help you be on your best cyber game and save big. - cover all your bases. if you're up to speed on the different ways to research cyber monday deals, then you'll be way ahead of the curve. bookmark sites like cybermonday.com, download apps like tgi cyber monday, sign up for newsletters to alert you on the upcoming sales, and follow stores on twitter and facebook for potentially exclusive social-media deals. - research products, not just prices. it may sound obvious, but researching items is essential before the big day rolls around. one of the downfalls about the cyber monday is that you can't test or see a product in person; knowing as much as you can by talking to friends who own the items or reading vetted online reviews is key. - take advantage of reward points. last year, many companies offered ways to maximize travel reward points on cyber monday. shop certain deals to get you that much closer to a much-needed vacation. - remember shipping costs. when you spot an amazing deal, it's easy to forget about the shipping fees. make sure you know ahead of time which sites offer free shipping, or compare shipping prices so you don't overspend. - beware of scams. cyber monday isn't just a holiday for shoppers scammers love it, too. only give up your credit card information to trusted, established sites, and don't fall prey to any fishy emails that offer too-good-to-be-true deals. on black friday, you can find me curled up at home with my friends and relatives, enjoying thanksgiving pumpkin pie for breakfast and avoiding the crowds. i do shop small business saturday i perhaps enjoyed it a bit too much this year, as my bank statement may attest. but what i really enjoy is shopping cyber monday. here are a few of my favorite reasons for shopping today. - in my opinion, shopping with your feet on the coffee table is a lot better than pounding the pavement or hitting the malls to try to get your hands on that coveted sale item. - some of my favorite independent online shops don't have actual physical stores, which means their cyber monday sales are even more exciting, as online is the only place to get their deals. - you can also shop etsy for cyber monday. just plug "cyber monday" into the search box to see what deals await you. - i like to browse through my twitter stream to find tweeted and retweeted cyber monday deals. even better? most of the tweets link directly to the sales. a click or two is all it takes to get shopping. - it also helps to get a little help from your online friends. today, we're letting all of our facebook friends know about last-minute cyber monday sales by posting about the sales on our facebook wall. are you following casasugar yet on facebook? ready or not, the holidays are here join us today, on cyber monday, for our gift guide twitter party. we'll offer advice and product suggestions for your significant other, siblings, girlfriends, and more. plus, we're giving away fantastic prizes from boutique hotel experts mr mrs smith every hour, ending with a grand prize gift card that can be used towards a stay at any of the 850 worldwide properties on here are the party details: - when: today - where: twitter.com - who: you must follow and to join the party - how: when the party starts, search for 27daysleft in the twitter search bar, and you're in make sure you select "all tweets" to see everyone's tweets - why: there are only days left before christmas plus, we'll be giving away fun prizes from mr mrs smith throughout the party including their award-wining hotel guidebooks, with a final grand prize of a mr mrs smith hotel voucher, to randomly selected party participants see you later see official rules. no point in losing that shopping momentum, right? now that you've got your black friday strategy mapped out, it's time to canvas the cyber monday landscape for the best retail deals and steals starting now. luckily, the shopping madness will be confined to your computer screen and the speed and precision with which you can click "purchase" on that cyber cart of goodies. all you'll need to do is tap into your tech prowess to navigate these fabulous designer discounts. to help you along the way, we've broken down everything you need to know to have a stylishly savvy and successful cyber monday. just keep reading for all the best bets from around the web. happy clicking cyber monday deals - madewell: enjoy an extra percent off sale items and free shipping with exclusive promo code enjoy. - bloomingdale's: for purchases of off plus, free shipping when you use freeship11. - intermix: take an extra percent off sitewide off with promo code cyber15. - bhldn: shop the coolest selection of wedding dresses and bridal accessories now through wednesday a.m. est. with promo code thanks, you can take an additional percent off all sale items on the site. for more online steals, just keep reading. cyber monday is the savvy, 120 word-per-minute typer's day to shine in the same way that black friday is the former roller derby champion's. both require speed and cunning, but one is far, far more civilized than the other. there are plenty of amazing beauty deals to be had without leaving your armchair, so to see our big list of guaranteed deals and top-secret promotional codes, just keep reading. cyber monday is almost here, and if you're sitting at your desk cruising the sales right now, beware: dangerous viruses abound. now that you're in shopping mode, a few reminders can go a long way to keeping your identity and computers safe from virtual disaster. - beware of unknown links just because something shows up in your inbox or on your facebook wall doesn't mean it's not spam. if you don't know where the link came from or it looks suspicious , don't click - don't give out user names or passwords if you've been asked to enter your user name and password anywhere else than a legit online store, back away slowly. check out the rest of our tips after the jump.
__label__non_math	1.0000	linkedin finally released its first official app for windows phone this week. it s an important addition to microsoft s catalog of apps, particularly as the redmond company tries to make inroads with business users. more than that, it s a well-designed app that is better, in some ways, than its counterparts on iphone and android. the windows phone version includes access to the linkedin today news portal, the linkedin inbox including invitations and linkedin groups. beyond that, the app also provides access to job listings and company information, not yet available in the android or iphone versions; and it takes advantage of windows phone s live tiles to show the number of waiting messages and invitations on the start screen. wired encountered a couple of bugs when launching the app, but i ve been trying it out and haven t yet experienced any problems.
__label__non_math	0.8713	jonathan is a student working for a researcher into vampires. one day he is sent by this researcher on a scouting mission to the castle of a monstrous vampire. on his way to the castle, he encounters suppressed and terrified people who greet him by throwing stones at him instead of joining forces with him to rebel against the gruesome count and finish him off for good. when jonathan finally arrives at the castle, he finds not only dazed and confused local people imprisoned in its locked cells, where they are slowly wasting away as living blood stores, but also discovers that his own fianc e, lena, has been kidnapped and is to be married to the bloodsucker. finally, a ball is organised, at which jonathan is at first accepted as a guest. disgusted by the depraved antics of the castle-dwellers, jonathan sets about the task of liberating the incarcerated prisoners, a task in which he is unexpectedly supported by a few courageous peasants. the vampires flee screaming, pursued by several valiant men, and throw themselves in to the sea, where they gradually disintegrate. thomas: arthur brauss director and script: hans w. gei end rfer
__label__non_math	1.0000	gematech design, develop and manufacture advanced solutions for the business continuity and compliance markets. designed and built in the uk to the highest standards, providing your organisation with maximum resilience and compliance. providing business continuity solutions for industry, including finance, health, government, call centres and insurance. telecoms business continuity specialists gematech develops on-site and cloud-based telecoms solutions designed to facilitate more flexible ways of working within the contact centre, business continuity and compliance markets. we provide instantaneous and seamless, complete or partial re-routing of all incoming calls on an individual phone number basis to any alternative phone anywhere, including hosted voice recording of all regular and re-routed calls to facilitate a resilient flexible working strategy. our philosophy can be summed up in the following deliverables: the ability to work any time, from anywhere, on a global basis with the same functionality and access to centralized databases and it infrastructure as if you were working in a conventional office. re-route individual numbers ddi s as and when you like with the added ability to comprehensively monitor, manage and make changes, quickly and easily, real time to the call management plans as circumstances dictate from anywhere in the world. the ability to provide a solution within the financial constraints of the client i.e. if a client wishes to benefit from gematech s technology there will be a way for them to afford it.
__label__non_math	0.9993	historical newspaper archives search tips newspaper archives last first name search - using both name search fields returns newspaper articles in which the surname is automatically "near2" the first name. - this means the newspaper archive search engine automatically finds occurrences of the first and last names within two words of each other. - this helps to find occurrences of middle names or initials in the newspaper articles, without having to enter or remember them. - the "near2" search command is not order specific meaning your newspaper search will retrieve the person's name no matter in what order it is mentioned: the first name then last name or the last name then first name. - this search default is intended to bring you the most occurrences of the name you are searching for in the online newspaper archives. - however, if the person's name is popular, like smith, try using some of the available search options such as location, date range, and keyword, in order to narrow your search to the specific smith you are looking for see below . using advanced search in the newspaper archive database - there are two keyword search boxes to narrow your search for newspaper articles: "include keywords" box and "exclude keywords" box see below . - use the date search box to enter a specific date or date range of the newspaper content you want to search online. using keywords quotation marks to search newspapers - all the searches for historical newspaper articles are full-text keyword searches against ocr-generated ascii text. - by using the "include keywords" box and or "exclude keywords" box, you can narrow or expand your online newspaper article search. - put phrases in quotes like "john adams" in the "include" keyword box to limit the newspaper article search to that exact name versus using the last first name search that brings back results matching john near2 adams. - if you find too many names in the newspaper archive search results, narrow your search even more by typing names or places you do not want in your search in the "exclude" box. using boolean operators to search newspaper archives - use and, or, adjx order specific , nearx order non-specific and wildcards, such as "?" and " " broaden or narrow newspaper search queries - by emptying filled-in fields to broaden your search, or filling in empty fields to narrow your search. display newspaper search results in different ways, such as: - best matches this is the newspaper search default - oldest items based on newspaper publication dates - newest items based on newspaper publication dates - once changed, the selection will remain the default until you change it again. search newspapers by date range - if you know the date of the newspaper content you are seeking, then use the "date" search box. - enter a specific date or a date range a variety of date formats are accepted. - examples: , or - , or june - august . using colonial english variant spellings to search old newspapers - many of the newspapers in the historical newspaper archives are very old, and the searches must deal with colonial english. - the long "s" character was almost identical to the "f" in many texts. - when searching old newspaper articles on words containing the letter "s," use the "?" wildcard in place of the "s." - note: this can occur whether it is the first letter, a letter within a word, or at the end of a word. - the double "s" is in words like massachusetts needs to be replaced with two wildcards in historical newspaper searches. examples of searching for old newspaper articles with colonial english - in addition, type was set by hand for early american newspapers and printers did not always have enough pieces of type to include all of the letters in a word. this resulted in letters being omitted, or sometimes letters that looked similar were used as substitutions. - much of this historic newspaper material did not use standard spellings. - examples of some conventions that were common in old newspapers: - use of name variants - smith or smythe - use of "e" in word endings - chesapeake or chesapeak - dropping the letter "h" - philadelphia or philadelpia - examples of irregular vowel usage: - clerk - cleark - color - colour - delaware - deleware - elijah - elifha - israel - ifreal - ifral - jehovah - javovah - examples of letter e to word endings - brown - browne - chesapeake - chefopeak or chefopeake - clark - clarke - highways - highwayes - examples of interchanging use of the letters "i" and "y" - adjoining - adjoyning - pennsylvania - pensilvania or penfilvania - rails - rayls colonial newspaper search notes - if in doubt, use wildcards such as the question mark "?" or the asterisk " " in your colonial newspaper search. - a question mark is a single-character wildcard and an asterisk multi-character allows for up to characters wildcard.
__label__non_math	1.0000	brittain matches ,558 death records in the social security death index ssdi . view any of these ssdi records free and see names, birth dates, death dates, locations, or subscribe for access to billions of other genealogy records. social security death index search tips social security death index search by first and last name - name searches in the social security death index are processed against three fields of data the first and last names of the deceased, and his or her middle initial or name. what distinguishes genealogybank's version of the ssdi? - genealogybank is the only u.s. social security death index database that is updated weekly. - we have integrated the searching of ssdi records with the other online database collections in genealogybank. - by searching in both the ssdi and newspaper obituaries, genealogybank provides of recent annual u.s. deaths with the full text of obituaries and death notices for more than of recent annual recorded deaths in the u.s. - the data is provided by reliable and authoritative sources and includes the full text of obituaries and death notices for matching and checking names of the deceased. - for example, if you type in a name of the deceased, you will receive an integrated search result that includes the obituary or death notice along with the same name that is in the ssdi database making it easier to verify if this is the same person. - in addition to searching names in genealogybank, you can limit a search in the ssdi data: - by birth death date or year - by zip code wildcard i.e., 051 what information can you find in the ssdi database? our version of the ssdi database contains more than million unique names. the following information about each person can be found: - name of deceased - social security number - date of birth, including the day of the week - date of death, including the day of the week - age at death years, months, days - state or country of residence for february and prior years - state in which the social security card was issued march to current - zip code of place of last residence - longitude and latitude of place of last residence - zip code of lump sum final payment - determination if the entry had been confirmed by the social security administration the social security deathfile index ssdi , is the index prepared by the social security administration to track the deaths of u.s. citizens who held a social security card or had a railroad pension. in the beginning, the government agency relied on the families of the deceased to report a person's death, but, now death certificates require the recording of the social security number. this information is automatically sent by each state to the social security administration, providing a nearly comprehensive list of all deaths in the u.s. and for american citizens who died abroad. how can the combined death data be used? verifying that someone is dead - such data provides closure and verification that a person is deceased. family members, friends, organizations, churches, schools, academic institutions, insurers and businesses are all interested in this information. - this data enables family members and friends of the deceased people to find and connect with other living family members by checking the listings in the obituary or death notice. - this data makes it easy to confirm the dates of birth and death of an ancestor, to locate the last residence of a specific ancestor, and to find out where an ancestor lived when the social security card was issued. combined with their obituary or death notice, you will find detailed information about the deceased, such as their career, hobbies, civic associations, academic affiliations and a list of close relatives. this information provides more pieces of the puzzle for finding out more about your family history.
__label__non_math	1.0000	to perform certain activities on our website you will need to register even if you are already a subscriber of the print magazine and or our e-newsletters. with a free basic registration you will be able to listen to our thought-provoking podcasts, check out videos on our site, download informative application notes, and email what you like to colleagues. fill out the required details in the registration form below and you will be all set. already a member? login here.
__label__non_math	0.8886	question: i m fortunate in that, in addition to giving glider rides, i m able to fly the tow planes for a couple of glider operations. the tow planes are callair a-9s and pawnees. all are equipped with o-540s. one of the organizations requires that the tow plane be shut down if the wait for the next hook-up is longer than three or four minutes. the thought is there is less wear and tear on the engine restarting it vs. letting it idle for five or so mintues. is this practice beneficial or does the extra wear and tear on the starter, solenoid, battery, etc., make it impractical? lake elsinore, calif. boy, it s been a long time since i ve been around a callair a-. there is no doubt that those, along with the pawnee, make great tow planes and many of them are now living a second life in that capacity. from my perspective regarding the shutdown vs. running between tows, i d rather keep the engines running. there are always circumstances where this may not be practical, but for my money, i d let them run. there are things that you must be aware of if this is done. you must make certain that the engine baffles are in good condition and doing their job of directing the cooling air properly. you may also experience some spark plug fouling if the mixture is on the rich side. close inspection of the spark plugs would give you the story here. it s not unusual in a tow plane environment that plug fouling can be caused by rapid descents, too, and these should be avoided. by keeping the power up on descents, you can minimize possible fouling. if plug fouling does cause you problems, i d suggest you consider going to a hotter plug, if you can. a quick check of the latest revision of lycoming service instruction will give you the information you need here. my recommendation is to keep the engines running and save the wear and tear on the electrical system, starter, etc., if you have to restart them in a short period of time. just keep your eye on the cht temperatures and watch out for the lead fouling. paul mcbride, recognized worldwide as an expert on engines, retired after almost years with lycoming. send your questions to: askpaul
__label__non_math	1.0000	your daily news briefing, with the video fo the day, top news and quote of the day. hot video: woman whose pictures were used in te'o hoax speaks out news to know after tuesday's elections, benjamin netanyahu has been re-elected prime minister of israel, cnn reports. netanyahu announced his top priorities for this term this morning, which included affordable housing and revamping the "ineffective" government. this came as a shock to many, as these views are more centrist than the views of netanyahu's right-leading political party. quote of note "the fact is we had four dead americans. was it because of a protest? or was it because of guys out for a walk one night who decided they'd go kill some americans? what difference, at this point, does it make? it is our job to figure out what happened and do everything we can to prevent it from ever happening again, senator." - secretary of state hillary clinton, to sen. ron johnson, after being asked about comments made by susan rice on the cause of the sept. benghazi attack. the associated press reports that clinton defended rice, and described clinton's demeanor as "emotional and fierce" at times. gatehouse news service
__label__non_math	0.9941	a genome-wide association study appearing in plos genetics that involved thousands of individuals of european ancestry identified five genetic loci that appear to be associated with facial features. among them: variants in and around genes implicated in prior studies of conditions that are characterized by face and or skull malformations. the researchers behind the study, members of the international visible trait genetics, or visigen, consortium, argue that the new findings could contribute to what's known about facial evolution and development in humans, while at once laying the foundation for forensic tools for predicting facial features based on dna alone. for more on this study, see this story from our sister publication genomeweb daily news. investigators from the cleveland clinic and elsewhere used post-mortem brain samples to look at the epigenetic and transcriptional profiles associated with autism spectrum disorder. as they reported in plos one, the researchers relied on arrays and bisulfite sequencing to assess genome-wide gene expression and dna methylation profiles in two brain regions the cerebellar hemisphere cortex and the brodmann area occipital cortex in samples from nine males with idiopathic cases of autism spectrum disorder and nine unaffected male controls in the same age range. overall brain expression patterns varied from one individual with asd to the next. but the team did uncover some shared features within the asd samples, including lower-than-usual expression of genes in mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation and protein production pathways in the brain samples from individuals with autism and shifts in the expression of certain brain-related genes. a plos pathogens study of dengue virus by french researchers explores the basis for the pronounced conservation that's been noted in nucleotides found at the ends of the virus' rna-based genome. using chemical synthesis experiments, assays, and other analyses, the group determined that the virus, a representative of the flavivirus genus, relies on an rna end-repair process that involves the rna-dependent rna polymerase produced by a dengue virus gene called ns5. "our findings provide a direct demonstration of the implication of a viral rna polymerase in the conservation and repair of genome ends," the study's authors wrote. "other polymerases from other rna virus families are likely to employ similar mechanisms."
__label__math	0.9990	sponsor: emd millipore data presented in this webinar illustrates the value of live cell analysis at the single-cell level to identify differences in expression levels across populations of cells. the cells remain intact for downstream analysis. our experts also discuss the use of smartflare rna detection probes for the direct quantification of circulating mirnas with rapid processing of blood plasma serum, which is done without the use of enzymes. using circulating mirnas with established roles in cancer and quality control, we can accurately detect these mirnas in plasma using a microplate fluorometer within an hour after plasma preparation. on-demand recording is available here.
__label__non_math	1.0000	stay top-of-mind and keep leads warm that's what the smart marketers and businesses are doing. capitalizing on the of leads who close after the fifth contact or later. you can be among the of businesses who take this on, and while you're focusing on the immediate and demanding activities with the sales-ready leads, or other fires, you can rest assured that you're following up and keeping your lead pipeline moving through the buying process. lead scoring identifies those who are sales-ready genoo's triggers work alongside our lead scoring, so when leads hit a specified threshold, they can be passed directly into salesforce.com, for attention by your sales folks. in addition, our real-time crm-to-lead triggers can push over updates to the crm in real-time to update campaign membership and status as well. design what actions activate triggers you identify what action triggers a lead into a nurturing sequence, and whether other sequences should be suspended. whether that's a lead completing a lead capture form, viewing a web page, downloading one of your reports, white papers, or ebooks, you are in control of designing a follow-up process that will give you maximum results.
__label__non_math	1.0000	send us feedback we're always looking for ways to make geoba.se better. have an idea? see something that needs fixing? let us know city of boonville, missouri
__label__non_math	1.0000	login with facebook keep me signed in uncheck if on a shared computer. forgot your username or password? geocaching hide and seek a geocache geocache details this cache listing has been archived. log in to view this page. greyed out links are only available to use of geocaching.com services is subject to the terms and conditions in our disclaimer. advertising with us
__label__non_math	0.9999	to my friends and colleagues - a few weeks ago when i learned there would be no new contract for me i was told i d return on-air at wtnh following my vacation this wednesday. that will not happen. mark higgins, wtnh general manager, told me he has changed his mind because all of this has become a distraction. though not what i expected, this is his call to make. don t think your voices weren t heard. they were. they have had a most profound effect on me and my family. people are let go from jobs every day, but few are blessed with the kind of warm and loving outpouring you have given me. you have made this awful situation bearable. in many ways your response has made it all worthwhile some of you told me how i ve touched or even became part of your family. the more i read the more i understood the depth of your emotion. it s a two-way street. i care just as deeply for and about you. i had years at elm street. that s a helluva run. nothing can take that away. as anyone with that kind of tenure can tell you it wasn t always perfect, but it was very good. up until my last day on-the-air i was treated with respect. i will have nothing bad to say about wtnh and lin. many of you will be upset by this turn of events. it is proper for you to consider this episode as you go forward. however, it would be wrong for you to take this out on my colleagues who still work there or even the person who ultimately takes my job. these people were not involved in any of this. as you might imagine i am looking for another job. i have spoken to local stations, but i m also looking outside connecticut. when i know my future plans i ll let you know. i am sad i won t be able to say goodbye on-the-air, but really there is only one thing i want to say. you can go to sleep now. all the best,
__label__non_math	1.0000	j3474 : "marshalls" grating cover, belfast near to belfast county borough, shankill, ballymacarret, beal feirste and skegoneill, ireland manhole covers, foundry products etc, northern ireland a series of photographs showing manhole covers, fire hydrants, gratings, foundry products and foundry plaques and inscriptions etc, in northern ireland. - grid square - j3474, images more nearby - albert bridge find more nearby - image classification? - supplemental image - date taken - sunday, september, more nearby - monday, september, - geographical context - subject location irish: j 343 741 100m precision wgs84: .8527n .3302w - photographer location - irish: j 343 741 - view direction - south about 180 degrees forward to a friend by email this page has been viewed about times.
__label__non_math	0.9671	thunderstorms just off borth beach, late july . a rule amongst storm-chasers is that if you can hear thunder, you're in danger of being struck by lightning. amongst holidaymakers, the rule seems to be "if you can hear thunder, carry on swimming" - lightning was hitting the water only a mile or two away at the time product number -. email me to enquire about this image: click here.
__label__non_math	0.9999	homecoming week is over, bringing a mix of relief, memories and a dusting of glitter all over campus. life really was a circus for anyone involved in songfest, and the countless hours of set-building, costume-making and rehearsing brought a great show to gc. songfest chairs crystal jackson and peyton blanton hosted songfest this year, and both were relieved that everything went smoothly. i think songfest went better than i could have ever expected although the thursday night crowd was smaller than previous years blame it on the tough economy , it still turned out to be a responsive audience. the acts were cleaner than ever, with every organization getting invited back for friday night s performance. the awards were: overall male: lambda chi alpha overall female: kappa delta most original: phi kappa tau most comical: pi kappa alpha tiger s choice: lambda chi alpha best choreography: kappa delta most georgetown spirit: sigma kappa best bench: phi mu sophomore zach white was responsible for the lambs choice of music and choreography, helping them win a title. the key moment of their performance was the finale featuring gangnam style. a friend showed me the gangnam style youtube video a while back, and i just fell in love with it, white explained. i went around the lamb house showing all the guys, and all the reactions were the same. everyone loved it. i knew the randomness of it would be perfect. the audience and judges loved it as well. it was such a great song to end on, and i could not be more proud of all my brothers. they really came together kappa delta won two awards; choreography and overall female. hailey goen starred as georgette, an adorable female version of curious george. phi tau had one of the most outspoken performances, knocking gambill for his mass emails and president crouch for his expensive taste in shoes among other things in their own version of jeopardy. the pikes gave a tour of gc, ending with an impromptu performance by wes smith, who sang cowboys and angels after the thursday night crowd persistently shouted his name. phi mu parodied popular tunes like glad you came and everybody talks to words about the college. sigma kappa had a suessical theme with almost their whole performance in rhyme, pha had numerous references to keys how ironic and the independent men and women had a banana played by max tsang steal the show. the alpha gams cleverly incorporated the traditional hypnotist, knight had an elephant as their star and anderson consisted of a rap-off, a scandalous man in a kiddie pool and an epic ballad by bill ngha. saturday was the football game, with sophomore stella hundley singing the national anthem. during halftime the homecoming court was presented and crowned. the homecoming king and queen are seniors evan harrell of middlesboro and lindsey kathryn atkinson of nashville, junior prince and princess are dennis propp of crestwood, ky, and emily craft of ashland, sophomore prince and princess was awarded to zach white of louisville and megan norris of albany, ky, and eric balmer of mason, oh, and madison evans of louisville, the freshmen prince and princess. our gc tigers were victorious, and homecoming ended in celebration with formal parties at various places throughout georgetown and lexington.
__label__non_math	0.9999	eugene fontenay signed enamel pendant a masterpiece of french artistry, this gold and enamel pendant is the work of one of the great jewelry artists of the mid to later 19th century. held in the highest esteem, eugene fontenay was to france what castellani and guiliano were to italy. with a primary foundation for inspiration from classical antiquity, his technique and design are characterized by superb proportion, elegance and flawless construction. fontenay was noted for his eloquent and somewhat more feminine or restrained use of forms. his work was commissioned by an astounding array of royals including the queen of portugal, the king of siam and the shah of persia as well as designing a diadem hair ornament for the exposition universelle. examples of his work are found on pages 118 and 123 in necklaces by triossi and mascetti. an entire section pages to is dedicated to his work in the master jewelers by snowman. his work resides in "les arts decoratifs" in paris, the british museum and in many other prestigious institutions. unfortunately most of his work has disappeared and surprisingly few examples remain. this three part pendant of 18k yellow gold contains a central section that displays an enamel of matte finish one of the trademarks of fontenay . a reclining woman attired in a gown of diaphanous fabric floats through the celestial night sky dotted with stars and puffs of clouds. reminiscent of the beautiful ethereal frescoes of ancient pompeii, upon her head transparent butterfly wings make up her crown as she grasps her upturned scepter of flowers as petals fall towards the earth. differing from some of his colleagues, fontenay uses diamonds or other gems in his work. in this case as a surround of rose cut diamonds to the enamel panel. rather than a pure lifting of classical styles which would consist of primarily gold and very few, if any precious stones, he choose his own path but in such a manner they seem perfectly suited to the jewel's presence. all elements incorporate classical architectural forms, immaculately detailed granulation and delicate wire work. measurements: inches .cm in length by - inches .cm at the widest. enamel is inch .cm in length by of an inch .cm in width. this antique pendant has a weight of .grams .dwt . hallmarks: "ef" for eugene fontenay and two eagle heads; all marks on top "o" fitting beneath the bale. condition: excellent; at apex of top bale is a slight bend on the wire work around three elements of granulation and dimpling to three granulation orbs none which are seen when worn; a tiny piece of twisted wire work below the main wire work on the top of the bottom drop is deficient. all conditions are evident only upon very close inspection or with magnification. date origin: circa - and is french in origin. overall scale: medium forms of payment - visa and mastercard, discover and american express credit debit cards. - personal checks drawn on u.s. banks only - please allow business days for clearance. - money orders, cashier's and traveler's checks - please allow business days for clearance. other forms of payment bank wire - for international orders and orders of ,000 and over. please contact us for more details. free shipping worldwide same day shipping - order by cst free for all u.s. orders - standard -day shipping. free for all international orders - standard -day shipping. full details at shipping insurance. complete money back - no risk guarantee if for any reason whatsoever you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, we will refund the full purchase price including u.s. shipping if charged. remember, there is no charge for our regular shipping service international orders - due to customs and paperwork requirements, return shipping charges cannot be reimbursed. - notify us of your intention to return the item within three days of receipt. you may contact us by email or by telephone. - please ship back to us within another two days after we receive notification from you. - as soon as the item is received, a full refund is issued to you that same day. more details at full guarantee including gift giving options.
__label__non_math	0.9996	georgia state athletics master plan an institution on the rise, georgia state university has a tradition of progress that is reflected in its rising stature, growing campus and broadening influence. the georgia state athletics master facilities plan is a blueprint for success and growth for gsu athletics that will allow the panthers to compete at the highest level. by building top-notch venues for every sport, georgia state can recruit the best student-athletes and help them develop into champions. these new facilities will also enhance the game day experience for students, alumni and fans by moving the venues closer to the georgia state campus and providing first-class amenities. the georgia state athletics master facilities plan is an opportunity for alumni, friends and supporters to make an investment in the future of panther athletics. frequently asked questions: q: what is the purpose of the georgia state athletics master facilities plan? a: the georgia state athletics master facilities plan is a blueprint for success and growth for gsu athletics that will allow the panthers to compete at the highest level. q: where will these facilities be built? a: these facilities will be built in the downtown area, as close to the georgia state campus as possible, but no specific land has been identified yet. q: when will these facilities be built? a: new facilities will be built as funding becomes available. q: how much will this plan cost? a: the total cost for the georgia state athletics master plan was valued at million in january . q: how will this plan be funded? a: new facilities will be funded through private donations. q: who was involved in the development of the athletics master plan? a: a team of representatives from georgia state university, gsu athletics, sky design, max wave media, inc., populous and make architecture developed the master plan and brought it to life. q: how can i donate? a: there are many exciting ways for georgia state supporters to become involved, including naming opportunities. for more information, please contact todd reeser, senior associate director of athletics at 404-413. or email
__label__non_math	0.9594	this house is a reworking of the ideas developed in the hall hardiman courtyard house built in . the cameron farmer house establishes a dialogue between a private central courtyard and a bustling inner-city street. interaction between the two is mediated by a wall of cedar weatherboard louvres that cover a verandah on the front facade. the raw concrete walls, floors and ceilings of the house are conceived of as a rustic background to the house's vigorous and evolving occupation. plastered and exposed concrete block and stained cedar back to projects
__label__non_math	0.8617	conker, next time please respond outside of the 'quote' brackets i had to copy and paste quote brackets to reconstruct your responses rather than just quoting you . "what does this have to do with anything? the discussion is about israel palestine. and at present israel is the only nation occupying palestine, no other nation lays claim to any palestinian land." i've noticed it's a common tactic for israel supporters to try and bring up how badly palestinians have been treated by others or other conflicts as if this is somehow justification for israel's current subjugation of palestine i'm simply interested in the personal psychology of many of those who berate israel with such zeal. i don't intend my questions -- nor what they imply about such people to the extent that these people aren't consistent in their criticism of those who harm palestinians -- as a defense of israel's actions. in any case, i'd be curious to know what the basis is of your claim that the land under discussion is inherently 'palestinian.' assuming the 'occupation' narrative to be accurate, the brutally reductionistic reality of the situation is that one group of apes has moved in and taken land where previously another group resided; what remains once the latter are gone to say that the land is still theirs? further, how long do the traces of this mysterious force remain before the land can now be deeded to the occupiers? until you explicate what this force is, you are being rather cryptic when the reality on the ground is that the land is israeli in all the relevant respects i encourage you to go and see . note that this isn't a justification for such occupation. perhaps you, i, and the world community abhor such actions and wish to punish israel accordingly. the important point is that this moral component has no effect on the reality on the ground, which is that for all intents and purposes the land is israeli; unless, that is, you wish to submit similar arguments that tibet is really 'still tibetan' or that large swathes of north america are really 'still indian.' without some sort of compelling argument your claim that the land is 'still palestinian' is false. and i think it's important to let the facts on the ground dictate the world community's discourse and decision making going forward, not just ideals. without provocation? well there is the small matter of the 500,000 million israeli civilians that israel has transferred outside of it's internationally recognised borders into the occupied regions and the small matter of the people that have been run out of their homes to accommodate this. oh and there isn't a government in the world that recognises israel's right to build settlements in any part of the occupied territories. well, as is usually the case in international relations, there is the reality on the ground and the rational calculus each state must engage in on the basis of that reality, and then there are moral considerations. the two may coalesce, but often they diverge hint: states almost always behave rationally at the expense of moral considerations . you're letting the notion of international law do a lot of legwork for you by presuming that it dictates what is right and wrong. well, as i've just said above, what is right and wrong is often irrelevant to how countries behave, so in that respect the international community's opinion is irrelevant. but, more importantly, what is it about international dictums about borders and all the rest that makes them authoritative, i.e., morally binding? it seems to me that the u.n. isn't even a genuinely supranational organization anyway look at who founded it, why, and how it has generally functioned to promote western interests across its history -- it is dominated by state interests. so, we've got an instance of state interest vs. state interest, not some magically binding moral force over state interest. maybe the one form of state interest is more authoritative because more states are involved, but i don't think you wanted to argue from popularity in making the claims you did. that is good that you have witnessed arabs and jews living together in peace, shows it is possible. i don't think anyone well definitely not neutrals anyway has a problem with jews per se. it is simply the actions of the israeli government that most right minded people find abhorrent, and i think there is a growing number of israeli jews that are also appalled at what it is being done in their name in palestine. i haven't a mind-reading device so i can't disprove your claim that 'nobody that is neutral has a problem with jews' paraphrase , but nonetheless i think it is almost certainly false and that in fact, if the situation entailed two muslim populations say , there'd be drastically less interest in the conflict. still, the spirit of your post is accurate: polls show that increasingly, both jew and palestinian want an end to the violence.
__label__non_math	0.9979	brad and blair's big day buy in: tabata row or run 400. reps: pvc shoulder complex, toes to bar, ghd situp, pvc romanian deadlift, hip bridges. use a barbell to smash triceps forearms biceps lats. get in a fight with your gristle and tame it. improve your position and improve your performance. push press sets of progressive loading. rack loading is fine. power cleans 135 post time to comments. buy in: minutes mobility. are you supple? perfect practice. you're going to be challenged to hold ideal position s in a tabata interval format. give yourself permission to tap out and rest until the top of the next interval once you have lost perfect alignment. by all means fight to stay organized and tight, but you may find that you cannot endure , -second "on" periods. let's make it look legit. tabata hollow body laying on the floor tabata hollow body hanging from rings. tabata hole-surfing that's what i chose to call getting into the bottom of your squat position and cranking max torque . tabata snatch-grip w pvc holding the pipe right against the bottom of the kneecap with shins vertical. tabata warrior postion alternate left and right which means 4x each side . instructional video clip below. scroll to :-:. if you need a finisher, plan on redoing the wednesday wod. buy in: run 400 this is to help you realize that the 400 course is under construction . heel cord partner love ie, calf-smash w a superfriend . additional minutes of mobilizing your tender bits. copied and pasted from crossfit.com: five rounds for time of: run 400 meters box jump, inch box wall ball shots, pound ball post time to comments. buy in: meters: high knees, butt kickers, walking lunge, walking spiderman lunge, walking pigeon lunge. minutes mobility work. refine your squat position, work to perfect your squat position. adjust the bits that stand between you and the ideal squat with mobility tools skills. back squat sets of reps. straight sets. warm up before you go hard duh .
__label__non_math	1.0000	lead me along the garden pathway - slate stepping-stones with a playful outlook. - angular beauty and rhythm - a blend of asian simplicity and mediterranean warmth. hop, skip, and jump.... full article the path more traveled - white slate and tropical greenery create a tranquil quietude. - symmetric greenery and balance. - crazy paving stones create a sense of playfulness and magic. pathways can intrigue, lead,... full article come walk with me along the garden path - stone benches appear to morph from the pathway s paving stones. - a pair of royal elephants guards the first step of your journey. - savor the beauty of simplicity. gently curved to invite... full article
__label__non_math	0.9960	in this comfy wine cellar, an ancient brick wall appears to be peaking out from where a more modern covering of plaster and paint was applied. rough surface ceramic tiles used on the counter create a visual bond between genuine and faux. like a doorway to a magical land, this hallway appears to morph into a softly lit field of tall grasses and waving bulrushes. birds aren't the only ones to land on the branches of two majestic trees hidden just out of sight. when it's dark, fairies too flutter across the landscape but they are shy creatures often only visible to very young eyes. it's always summer time in this whimsical orchard. trees are laden with bunches of luscious, juicy cherries one has even fallen on the curtain where it now holds back the fabric to better showcase the rich texture of the scarlet wall behind it. back to faux finish, murals, stenciling
__label__non_math	1.0000	browse thousands of home and decorating photographs, each one showcasing the latest products and best in home design. find the ideas that are right for you and with a quick click of the mouse you can create your personal portfolio...the idea file. email your idea file to show a builder, interior designer, supplier, friend or relative exactly the look or product you want. its' that simple...a digital show and tell
__label__non_math	0.9996	the ambivalent holiday happy columbus day chances are, you re reading this at work, since chances are, your boss is about as ambivalent to columbus day as, well, the rest of us. we wouldn t go so far as to call it a bullshit holiday, though we know a couple native americans who would. if you happen to be in manhattan, though, you might find some degree of relevance today by scaling six stories and kicking back in tatzu nishi s discovering columbus, designed to provide up close and stoic views of the iconic statue of christopher columbus that has peered over manhattan s most renowned circle since . or you could just call it another monday and start thinking about lunch. - c. brian smith
__label__non_math	1.0000	chinese delegation forum at bond university a large delegation from people's procuratorate of inner mongolia autonomous region in china recently visited bond university to learn about the australian legal system and the professional development of prosecutors. speaker - associate professor, bond university director china programs, terry gygar. crca collaborate innovate send us your stories showcase your school email your stories to get learning to showcase your school or university and let everyone know why your school is the best in australia. the best story each month wins a best western voucher. - get involved today a thai midwife who aims to revolutionise health care for pregnant women in her...read more innovations from dairy farming, mallee tree harvesting and tools for detection of hearing loss...read more middle-aged women who have depression are almost twice as likely to have a stroke...read more
__label__non_math	1.0000	buck black's blog submitted by buck black on fri, - tax season can be a worrisome time, but buck black of truckertherapy.com has some great advice for keeping your cool when dealing with the irs. submitted by buck black on tue, - with the holidays in full swing, hopefully you'll find yourself off the road for some quality time with your family. however, sometimes holidays gatherings can trigger family feuds and other unpleasantness. buck black of truckertherapy.com has some tips for making your family get-togethers more peaceful. submitted by buck black on wed, - jealousy is common in all types of relationships. but as most long-haul truck drivers already know, long distance relationships often give jealousy even more of a foothold. submitted by buck black on fri, - what causes road rage? surprisingly, it's not anger submitted by buck black on wed, - can a trucker be macho and still turn to someone else to help deal with their problems? buck black of truckertherapy.com explains why there is no shame in getting something off your chest -- no matter how big or small submitted by buck black on tue, - as an over-the-road truck driver, you automatically have to be a specialist in long distance relationships. as a new addition to the getloaded blogosphere, we're introducing buck black of truckertherapy.com. he's a licensed clinical social worker who specializes in working with truckers and their families. this week, he offers tips on how to cope with of one of the biggest stressors of life on the road: long distance relationships.
__label__non_math	1.0000	leftover carrot soup recipe please note: only the ingredient list has been updated, you will need to allow for different cooking times, temperatures and quantities in each step. - tablespoons grape seed oil - onion chopped - thick slices ginger peeled - teaspoons red thai curry paste - cups carrots cooked but make up with raw ones if not enough leftovers - cups vegetable broth or chicken broth add more if needed to cover carrots fully - cup coconut milk - cup coriander chopped heat grape seed oil in a large soup pot. add onion, ginger and thai curry paste. let cook for a few minutes until onions are softened. add broth and bring to a boil. turn down heat and let simmer until carrots are softened. reheat, add coriander and serve in bowls or as shooters for tapas reheat and serve in bowls or as shooters for tapas add a photo have you made this leftover carrot soup recipe? show us how it turned out. it will appear under the main image on the recipe page what are private notes? these notes appear on the recipe page and are visible only to you. if you feel that the chocolate cake you just made needs more chocolate then remind yourself here for when you cook it again.
__label__non_math	0.9944	bichon frise wrote: dh, since it's a slow day, so i'll throw this out there. i'm happy to engage in a thoughtful discussion on the issues you raise. first i'll tackle the legal "mechanism." i'm not suggesting a strategy, just a reality. marriage is a contract. states do not have the power under the constitution to disregard contracts entered into in other states. refer to article iv and 226 years of case law. this essentially means that each state may have its own marriage laws provided they are not otherwise discriminatory but they must also respect marriage contracts entered into in other states just as they must respect commercial contracts and so forth. the "defense of marriage act" doma was an attempt by congress at an end-run around the constitution to give states the right not to honor marriage contracts of other states. doma is working it's way through the courts and has already been struck down by two federal appeals courts. it will get to the supreme court soon and few legal scholars expect it to survive for various legal reasons regardless of ideology of the justices. in general, the legal arguments on both sides of this issue are strikingly similar to the arguments made regarding bans on interracial marriage. those laws were ultimately struck. it is very difficult to draw a distinction when looking at the issue objectively. doma itself was a reaction to a hawaii court decision that analyzed the legal test that would have to be applied by other courts in deciding the issue. the hawaii court ruled that federal precedent required the government pass the strictest constitution test "strict scrutiny" . few believe that a ban on same-sex marriage could pass that test for numerous reasons so congress responded with doma. doma has not survived a court challenge except on procedural grounds such as lack of standing. regarding who gets sued...well, it depends on the specific situation. you can't normally sue to overturn a law. you must sue to demonstrate a harm and then the court might find a law unconstitutional. the defendants have been the secretary of defense, hilary clinton, and so forth. it just depends on the harm alledged. regarding the limits i would personally place on marriage, i would stick with the usual rules regarding consent. i don't want the year old marrying the year old any more than anyone else. but that should be prevented under age-based consent laws. the reason most of us would find that situation objectionable is because we don't believe young teens have the maturity to consent so let's base our law on that concern. cousins marrying? brother and sister? that's not something i would advocate either. but i'm not sure i would actually make it illegal as long as they are old enough to consent. it's the libertarian in me i guess. i would also not ban polygamy among consenting adults...that old freedom thing again. i can't for the life of me understand why anyone would want to have more than one wife but if everyone is happy, why do i care? i don't agree that those issues would have any place in challenging a state law regarding marriage. people brought up all that when states banned interracial marriage. but those issues are irrelevant unless the specific same sex couple happen to be cousins. the fact is, we do not let states decide whether to respect and enforce contracts and we never have. it is required under article iv of the constitution. states can define procedures, for example, a state can define waiting periods or blood test requirements for a marriage license or can specify which court a commercial dispute is heard in, but a state does not have the power to abrogate or refuse to enforce a contract. i do foresee issues. the situation i alluded to of the brazilian "partnership" where people recently got married, certainly presents challenges regarding the "rights" that go along with marriage such as spousal benefits . but i think those issues can be dealt with simply by giving everyone the right to designate a beneficiary or multiple beneficiaries the way people already do if they don't like the default. basically, we already have systems in place to deal with many of the complexities and will just have to adapt to the new ones. anyway, just food for thought...for the record, i don't oppose gay marriage if they want to be "legally" married. although, for all intents and purposes, they are in terms of benefits and what not. it's just a title... i appreciate your interest in discussing this issue intelligently. it is not something that impacts me personally. i have a couple of gay friends who are legally married in some state and they don't really even care much about the issue in the scheme of things. you won't see me out carrying a protest sign or lobbying my congressman on the issue. but the more i think about it the more i have come to believe that the bans are complete anachronisms and unsustainable under our constitution. and really, we have plenty of serious problems to address in this country and in the world. is fighting to force two guys to refer to their commitment as a "civil union" rather than a "marriage" really the best way to spend our resources?
__label__non_math	0.9934	ludiwien cooreman has done her fair share of travelling. as an international affairs and philosophy double major, her education focuses on various disciplines. gaining a new perspective was something that she was able to accomplish with the butler program in argentina during the fall of . heading to my first class in buenos aires involved a ten minutes crawl to the third floor of a run down building involving a decent amount of shuffling and shoving past a bee-nest of politically active students that were sharing mate local drink , smoking a cigarette, discussing politics, singing political chants and discussing or selling books. it took me about two months to figure out the real colour of the wall since - without exaggeration every single square inch was covered with political posters, graffiti and murals. definitely not gettysburg, but definitely a very enriching academic environment. the kind of discussions i had in class, in the hallways, tutoring sessions with my professor and in the bar of the faculty were almost exclusively of a kind and a perspective i could not easily repeat in gettysburg. i learned about marx from marxists and about human rights from people that carry the mental and physical scars of torture with them. the beauty of studying abroad is that you learn to see your reality from a different angle. in order to help remember her experiences, she kept a physical record of them. i kept a scrapbook in argentina, which is a colourful combination of tickets and flyers for events, and little paragraphs on my giggles, frustrations and jaw-slacking shocks with my life in buenos aires. if i have children in euhm fifteen-ish years i can show them that mom once upon a time was really not all that boring. as for advice to future butler program students? i kind of stole it from nike but: just do it return to student perspectives
__label__non_math	0.9275	i do like the amount of shade in this piece, lots of grey in between all the black and white, tho i think it could do with some stronger white in this piece. pandora i am seeing a habit from you and i don't think it's for the best. you seem to always place your focals too far to the left or right, always leaving so much empty space not played with. i would strongly suggest to use up more of the space cut off half the dead space or move your focal more to center. i also agree with the above comments, this image has too much topaz, it is very strong and makes important details look messy. i would suggest leaving topaz out when it comes to rl images if you haven't got a good setting yet that you know how to manipulate. radi's one of a kind gift my wish list originally posted by ogbydesign yeah. dont get me wrong, i love these, but you kinda gotta ask yourself why they decided to give you so much costume with your naked woman. i agree with slave on this totally if u use topaz i wold wait till the end when u are done and dont want to do any more stuff to the tag and dont use too much then it doesnt look like a real person anymore it will look animated like in this one
__label__non_math	1.0000	by amenu shardow new hearts of oak captain mahatma otoo says the players are determined to win this season s premier league title. the former african champions have had no joy in the ghanaian top flight since when they last won the premier league. the phobians woe was further deepened by the league success of rivals asante kotoko in the last campaign. this has seen a heightened crave for premier league success this term especially from the supporters front and the newly installed captain says the team is ready to make the fans happy again. i have spoken to all the players and we have resolved to win the premier league title this season, he told kumasi-based angel fm. it has been three season now that we have not had premier league joy and last time our rivals asante kotoko won it. our fans therefore want us to win it this time and we as players are determined to make them happy by winning the league. the team is now very competitive as no one has a position yet so i believe this will help us in the long run to achieve the objective of winning the league. hearts open their season account with an away trip to the tema park to take on tema youth on october .
__label__non_math	0.9996	what is ptk? purpose of phi theta kappa shall be to recognize and encourage scholarship among two-year college students. to achieve this purpose, phi theta kappa shall provide opportunity for the development of leadership and service, for an intellectual climate for exchange of ideas and ideals, for lively fellowship for scholars, and for stimulation of interest in continuing academic excellence." phi theta kappa is the largest honor society in american higher education with more than million members and ,200 chapters located in all of the united states, u.s. territories, british virgin islands, canada, germany, marshall islands, micronesia, united arab emirates and palau. the innovative programs and services and array of membership benefits offered by phi theta kappa are unequaled among honor theta kappa's mission is two-fold: recognize and encourage the academic achievement of two-year college students and provide opportunities for individual growth and development through participation in honors, leadership, service and fellowship programming. co-curricular programs focus upon the society's hallmark of scholarship, leadership, service and fellowship. it is estimated that 200,000 students participate in phi theta kappa programs each year. annually, approximately 100,000 students are inducted into phi theta kappa. what are the benefits of becoming a phi theta kappa member? join ghc ptk for their weekly meetings every monday at in the studnet activities conference room. of phi theta kappa may apply for more than million in transfer scholarships, provided exclusively to society members by more than 600 - enrollment in the transfer database, used by hundreds of senior colleges and universities to recruit phi theta kappa transfer students. - letter of recommendation sent to a college admissions counselor, scholarship official or potential employer. - golden key membership pin, certificate of membership, and a wallet-size identification card. - members of phi theta kappa may affix the society s gold diploma seal, denoting society membership, to their two-year college diploma. - members of phi theta kappa may have their membership in the international honor society noted on their transcript, contingent on their college s policy. - members of phi theta kappa may wear the society s golden monogrammed honors stole and tassel, at college commencement exercises, available through purchase, contingent on
__label__non_math	1.0000	when you visit ghostplates.com send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. you consent to receive communications from us electronically.we will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. you agree that all agreements,notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronicallysatisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. trademarks ghostplates.com - trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service thatis not ghostplates.com, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits ghostplates.com. all other trademarks not owned by ghostplates.com or its subsidiaries that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliatedwith, connected to, or sponsored by ghostplates.com or its subsidiaries. license and site access ghostplates.com grants you alimited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download other than page caching or modify it, or any portion of it, except with expresswritten consent of ghostplates.com. this license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents: any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices: any derivative use of this site or its contents:any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of anothermerchant: or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extractiontools. this site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated,copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purposewithout express written consent of ghostplates.com. you may not frame or utilizeframing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information including images, text, page layout, or form of ghostplates.com and our associateswithout express written consent. you may not use any meta tags or any other":hidden text": utilizing ghostplates.com name or trademarks without theexpress written consent of ghostplates.com. any unauthorized use terminates thepermission or license granted by ghostplates.com. you are granted a limited, revocable,and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of ghostplates.com so long as the link does not portray ghostplates.com, its associates, or their productsor services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter.you may not use any ghostplates.com logo or other proprietary graphic or trademarkas part of the link without express written permission. disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability this site is provided by ghostplates.com on an ":as is": and ":as available": basis. ghostplates.com makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied,as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site. you expressly agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk. limitation of liability neither ghostplates.com nor any of its directors, employees or other representatives, or the developer, internet service provider or carrier of the website, will be liable for damages arising out of or in connection with the use of this website or any of its products sold from this website. this is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including without limitation compensatory, direct, indirect or consequential damages, loss of data, income or profit, loss of or damage to property and claims of third parties. . warranty: seller's exclusive warranty is that the products will be free from defects in materials and workmanship for a period of years from the date of sale by seller. a fully filed in warranty card serves to authenticate the date of sale and identifies the product sold. . buyer remedy: seller's sole obligation hereunder shall be to replace in the form originally shipped with buyer responsible for labour charges for removal or replacement thereof the non-complying product or, at seller's election, to repay or credit buyer an amount equal to the purchase price of the product; provided that there shall be no liability for seller or its affiliates unless seller's analysis confirms that the products were handled, stored, installed and maintained and not subject to contamination, abuse, misuse or inappropriate use modification. and not suffered undue damage during disassembly, packing, storage and shipment. parts that have been damaged destroyed, for example where the plate covers have been scratched or marked will be rejected as a warranty case. . limitation on liability: ghostplates.com - seller and its affiliates shall not be liable for special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages, loss of profits or production or commercial loss in any way connected with the products, whether such claim is based in contract, warranty, negligence or strict liability. further, in no event shall liability of seller or its affilitates exceed the individual price of the product on which liability is asserted. . indemnities: buyer shall indemnify and hold harmless seller, its affiliates and its employees from and against all liabilities, losses, claims, costs and expenses including attorney's fees and expenses related to any claim, investigation, litigation or proceeding whether or not seller is a party which arises or is alleged to arise from buyer's acts or omissions under these terms or in any way with respect to the products. exclusion of unenforceable terms: where any clause or term above would by any applicable statute be illegal, void, or unenforceable in any state or territory then such a clause shall not apply in that state or territory and shall be deemed never to have been included in these terms and conditions in that state or territory. such a clause if legal and enforceable in any other state or territory shall continue to be fully enforceable and part of this agreement in those other states and territories. the deemed excision of any term pursuant to this paragraph shall not affect or modify the full enforceability and construction of the other clauses of these terms and conditions.
__label__non_math	0.9928	dragon con is the largest multi-media, popular culture convention focusing on science fiction and fantasy, gaming, comics, literature, art, music, and film in the universe this year, dragon con will be held labor day weekend august - in atlanta, ga. annual dragon con parade autograph sessions awards banquet charity auction for the national inclusion project comic book babes costume contest the late night puppet slam night at the ga aquarium wrestling: get ready to rumble attending professionals: workshops: acting workshop artist workshops astronomy workshop benjamin radford scientific investigation workshop belly dancing with phoeniciaworkshop tai chi workshop with erin gray virginia hey meditation workshop writer's hourly workshop with michael a. stackpole and aaron allston writer's two day intensive workshop with jody lynn nye dragon con , aug - sept, atlanta, ga no replies to this topic posted may - who owns the land? only the land knows. we mortals are passersby, and our lives are but a brief moment in the great span of time and space. we are born, we live out our lives, and most of us do the best we can with it, but the wind is forever, and the rivers flow forever to the sea, and all the seasons of the weathers will come and go after we are gone. but the earth endures, the earth is eternal" - earl hamner user s are reading this topic members, guests, anonymous users
__label__non_math	0.9999	ghostvillage.com newsletter - buy books by jeff belanger be sure to forward this on to your friends who are interested in the supernatural jeff belanger's book, who's haunting the white house? the president's mansion and the ghosts who live there is now available you are receiving this email because you or a friend signed you up at if you would like to be removed from this mailing list, please see the instructions at the bottom. view this newsletter online at: around mid-march, we can t help but think of the irish. the green clovers, the music, the luck-of-the-irish, and of course the beer. those of us who study lore and beliefs can t help but also be reminded of the celtic legends: leprechauns, willow-o-the-wisps, and the fey folk, or faeries. the celts believed in magic, and creatures that were neither human nor animal. they believed these elementals could enter our world, meddle in our affairs, and be called upon for favors and deeds if you went about it just the right way. of all the celtic legends, the leprechaun has always fascinated me the most. from that cartoon creature staring at me from the front of my childhood breakfast cereal, to the folktales, and even the cheesy hollywood movie depiction, these vertically-challenged faeries are intriguing. they become even more interesting when you learn that there are similar legends around the world regarding small, human-like creatures with magical abilities. the inuit of northwestern north america believe in a creature they simply called little people, ancient hawaiians called theirs menehune, and the wampanoag of eastern massachusetts called their version pukwudgies. there are many other tales of little magic creatures that come from all over the world -- the legends grew independent of each other, and during a time when there was little-to-no contact between continents. if these creatures weren t real, then we still need to study how their myth could grow on a global scale so many centuries ago. myths and legends should never be summarily dismissed. they re part of who we are, where we came from, and are a direct link to our ancestors and if you believe, they hold a kind of magic in and of themselves. this month we re going to explore the celtic creatures and elementals on ghostvillage.com. have you had a sighting? a story passed down through your family? if so, we want to hear it. here at the ghostvillage.com world headquarters, march is slowing giving way to spring. it s been a long winter, and the warmer weather is welcomed. it s time to go outside again, breathe the fresh air, and take a good look around as nature shakes off the white dust, revealing what couldn t survive winter s fury. we only get a brief glimpse before the world starts filling in green again, and hiding what lies beneath. these in-between times are magic, full of anticipation. it s a good time to look sharp, you may just spot a little creature hiding by a rotting tree trunk. enjoy the rest of the newsletter below mayor of ghostvillage.com congratulations to j.m. cornwell of colorado springs, colorado, who was last month's winner of an autographed copy of jeff belanger's book, who's haunting the white house?, a ghostvillage.com window sticker, and a ghostvillage.com t-shirt how to win: entries will be accepted up until eastern time today . at , we will draw a winner at random from the correct entries that have been received. you no longer have to be the first, but you only have until to get your answer in. if you click on this link: today's date, and "we have a winner reply to this email with the correct answer. on to this month's question: this question can be answered by reading a page on ghostvillage.com. remember, reply by today to be eligible to win. while visiting the la purisima mission, what ghosts did author richard senate encounter inside the church? at , we will announce the winner on our home page. this month's prize in honor of president's day : we're giving away an autographed copy of jeff belanger's latest book, who's haunting the white house?, a ghostvillage.com window sticker, and a ghostvillage.com t-shirt didn't win? want to buy a copy? click on the graphic. one of the most haunted historic spots in america needs your help. located on the scenic delaware river, fort mifflin was first built by the british in . the largest bombardment the north american continent has ever witnessed took place here at fort mifflin. in , during the american revolution, a valiant five-week battle took place when the british navy attacked the fort on mud island. the british had the battalion of approximately 400 continental soldiers surrounded from three sides. attempting to open the supply line for the british army already in the rebel capital of philadelphia, the british shot over ,000 cannonballs at the fort, causing the garrison to eventually evacuate. over 150 continental soldiers died as a result of the battle. an active military post until the korean war, this made the fort one of the longest continually used military posts in the nation up until that time. the fort has played many roles in the security of our nation in its 237 years of existence; garrisoned in the war of , a confederate prison during the civil war and a munitions depot in world wars i ii. however, fort mifflin was recently forced to drastically decrease their workforce and now faces other financial difficulties. schools are not visiting the fort for field trips. foundations are unable to offer support as they have in the past. they need your help in keeping the fort open to the public so that more can share in its history. we need to save the fort that saved america. write your elected representatives, contribute what you can, and tell those you know about the importance of preserving such an important piece of our nation. support the fort to donate, visit this link and click on the make donation button at the top of the page. the supernatural calendar is the place where thousands will learn about your events of interest to the supernatural world. the service is only available to registered members of the message boards, and it's free ghostvillage.com now syndicates our calendar of events so other web sites can also display these supernatural happenings at no charge installing our calendar of events rss feed, please visit our syndication page. adding your own local events to our calendar is more important than ever march : jeff belanger on paranormal radio w captain jack march : equinox belanger at north east paranormal -albany, ny march : phenomenology march : jeff belanger at cape cod community college march : a weird massachusetts event - east bridgewater, ma april : the magical faery festival parade april : ghostock - salem, massachusetts april : mount washington hotel conference - bretton woods april : armley mill ghost walk april : a weird massachusetts event - tewksbury, ma april : mount washington hotel conference - bretton woods may : mary king's ghost fest may : waverly hills conference - louisville, ky this is the place to find out where author and ghostvillage.com founder jeff belanger will be speaking on the subject of the supernatural. if you're interested in booking jeff for a conference or other event, please email us for more information. ghosts and hauntings with jeff belanger - north east paranormal - albany, new york - , spirit communication: a brief history of contact with jeff belanger at cape cod community college - west barnstable, massachusetts - , a weird massachusetts event at the east bridgewater public library - east bridgewater, massachusetts - , beyond reality events: the mount washington hotel conference - bretton woods, new hampshire - april -, a weird massachusetts event at the tewksbury public library - tewksbury, massachusetts - , beyond reality events: the mount washington hotel conference - bretton woods, new hampshire - april -, a weird massachusetts event at the bellingham public library - bellingham, massachusetts - , darkness radio events: waverly hills sanitorium - louisville, kentucky - may -, moon fest 'at rolling hills - bethany, new york - june -, east central indiana paranormal conference - muncie, indiana - july -, chicago ghost conference - chicago, illinois - october -, a weird massachusetts event at the sutton historical society - sutton, massachusetts - , mass monster mash - watertown, massachusetts - , our last month's theme was talismans. here's what you missed if you haven't checked in since last month: discussion: my talismans rocks features: talismans by lee prosser books: tarot talismans have you checked out our ghost-mart and ghostvillage u.? ghostvillage u.: "professor paranormal" loyd auerbach and the hch institute's distance learning certificate course on parapsychological studies is now available through ghostvillage.com. ready to take paranormal investigation to the next level? check out the online courses. digital voice recorders: going for evp? think dvr. books: ghost-mart has many of the leading paranormal titles. emf meters: check out our line of emf meters from cell sensors to tri-field. closed circuit tv: from inexpensive to the high end, we have them all. ghostvillage.com's book reviewer, lee prosser and the staff have brought you several new book reviews and author interviews since our last newsletter. this past month's library additions: do dead people walk their dogs? by concetta bertoldi we receive personal encounters from all over the world. many are scary, some are touching, but they are always profound. if you would like to share your own experience, please click here . since our last newsletter, we added the following new encounters: columbus, georgia - to present the voice outside my window - niles, ohio my protective ghost friend - logansport, indiana the friend in our house - simpsonville, south carolina the witch on my wall - charleston, south carolina contacting my spirits - colchester, essex, england dark, smoky wisps - troy, new york nana's grip - england stock room ghost - winter haven, florida this is the place to find news items on paranormal happenings around the world. if you have a news item you'd like to submit, please see our from the desk of chris balzano, new editor: it has been a busy news month, but perhaps the most telling report never made it to the ghostvillage page. it was a story of a police officer who was indicted for beating a suspect and charged with assault, tampering with a witness, filing a false report, and other crimes which may force this officer, who is also a friend of mine, to serve jail time. at the least he may lose his right to do his job and the pension that comes with it. the accused officer is also a paranormal investigator, and the only reason i know about the indictment is that a local reporter writing the story included it. my friend may have done what he is charged with, but i stand by my decision not to run the story. his ghost hunting has nothing to do with what he is charged with, and as far as the paranormal community goes, the story is not news. there were stories that flirted with the law this month. a man in upstate new york committed arson because he was trying to rid his home of the ghosts and demons that were plaguing him. a paranormal group in el paso was holding an investigation to raise money for a cemetery people had vandalized. there were more reports of sham exorcists getting arrested for fraud. in all of these there was a direct connection to the paranormal, and it made sense to include them. the connection in the case of the police officer was not relevant, and to include his paranormal hobby seemed to be motivated by another reason. when contacted, the writer claimed he only mentioned his paranormal team because his papers had covered their activities, and he felt he owed it to his readers to identify him to avoid confusion. the newspapers he was referring to had also covered the officer in relation to several other associations, perhaps deemed more respectable, and they were not included. the fact is the mainstream still views looking for ghosts as deviant behavior. it is okay to have an experience, but only people who are off somehow go looking for them. in the same way, it is okay to have faith and for your religion to believe in the devil, but it is not to okay to battle satan. in this way my friend shares something with bobby jindal. this month the governor, considered by many to be the republican nominee for president in , had to answer for an exorcism he conducted while in college during his religious conversion to christianity. don t assume the public is open-minded. belief does not equal tolerance, and a good old-fashioned trip through the mud can still be accomplished by mentioning an activity one does that people do not understand. my friend may be guilty. the courts will determine what the truth is and the punishment for it. the court of public opinion will then have their turn. that is the way justice plays out. unfortunately for the officer, his search for truth with one job may taint the truth in his other. this month s headlines are below: northeastern paranormal brings phenomenology 101 to gettysburg workers in jordan strike to demand exorcism m c amman, jordon - external news ghosts can t tap taps.com domain name domain name wire.com external news will revelations about bobby jindal's weird secret past destroy his political career? the daily beast via alternet washington, d.c.- external news want these headlines on your site for free? syndicate our news blog, you can syndicate our news feeds to your site for free. join the growing list of web sites who carry our news by visiting our our "features" section is a place for editorials, research articles, open letters to our readers, and other content of interest to ghostvillagers. if you have a topic on your mind, agree or disagree with something you read recently, we want to hear from you new features added since our last newsletter: return of the haunted dibbuk box - ghost chronicles - podcast talismans by lee prosser - column a haunting at the inn on washington square - ghost chronicles manifestation by tiffany johnson - column jane doherty investigates - ghost chronicles - podcast retrocognition at mission la purisima concepcion by richard senate interview with brian "the monk" - ghost chronicles - podcast in the past month, hundreds of new people registered for free to join our supernatural discussion if you have registered for our message boards but haven't validated your account yet, it's simple to do that was automatically sent to you when you registered and click on the account activation link in the email note: some bulkmail filters may block this email, so you'll need to check your bulkmail folder if the validation email didn't immediately come through . there are always great discussions going on in our huge message board community. we hope you'll get involved. it's free to register if you're not already a member. here are some of the hot topics this month: ghosts in the news ghostbanisters, boy captures alleged ghost on film. the last house on the left. paranormal web sites and other paranormal lesliedragonlvr on blogtalk radio. haunted funeral home in connecticut. haunted places in massachusetts. limitations of the kii emf reader. old wives tales old myths or true wisdom? communicating with the other side how to communicate and understand what they want? sachs bridge in gettysburg a nice evp capture. or demonic spirit? board of the month -- celtic legends faeries, leprechauns, druids, we ll touch on all of it. each month ghostvillage.com reaches tens of thousands of people interested in the paranormal. we offer the most effective and best-valued advertising and sponsorship packages of any paranormal media outlet. please visit: for details. if you're ready to put ghostvillage.com to work for your company or organization, send us an email to get started. 286,588 posts in the town square message boards ,976 members in the town square 860 "personal encounters" published on ghostvillage.com ,198 paranormal web sites in the ghost links directory ,746 subscribers to this newsletter ,886,165 total web site "hits" for ghostvillage.com in february ghostvillage.com is the web's largest supernatural community, the central place where people come to share their experiences, thoughts, and research. please help us continue to grow by buying a copy of the world's most haunted places, communicating with the dead, the encyclopedia of haunted places, the nightmare encyclopedia, our haunted lives, ghosts of war, the ghost files, weird massachusetts, who's haunting the white house?, or shopping in ghost-mart. every little bit helps run our servers and helps the site get bigger and better advertises with ghostvillage.com, let them know you saw their ad with us and thank them for the support. please email us anytime at firstname.lastname your comments, questions, and feedback are always welcomed. all material is ghostvillage.com removal instructions: to be removed from the mailing list, please go to or click on the link below.
__label__non_math	1.0000	xnot everything that has a good price is a good deal if you have found a special offer or a better rate, contact us and we will offer you the same rate plus a gift
__label__non_math	0.9780	developed by dimps and overseen by sonic team, sonic rush is a very classic sonic game in appearance. similar to the early sonic the hedgehog games and the sonic advance games, sonic rush plays along a 2dimensional plain. each screen of the ds is used entirely for game play, as the player will stay centered in the center of one of the screens. after ascending of descending far enough, however, the player will switch from one screen to the next. sonic rush allows players to play as both sonic the hedgehog and a new character, blaze the cat. blaze, a cat-like creature from another dimension, has mysteriously landed in sonic's dimension. sonic and blaze's dimensions each seem to share certain similarities with each other, such as doctor eggman and eggman nega being after each dimensions emeralds, the chaos and sol emeralds. blaze discovers that doctor eggman has the sol emeralds in his possession and works on getting them back. blaze runs in to cream the rabbit and, despite normally being a reserved individual, she befriends cream as she travels through the unfamiliar territory. meanwhile, sonic is on a similar quest to get the chaos emeralds, and is facing a familiar but different foe, eggman nega. similar in appearance to doctor eggman, eggman nega is the alternative to him from blaze's dimension. after tails discovers that the dimensions are beginning to merge, sonic starts to pursue blaze, who he became suspicious of when they met earlier in the game. players are able to follow the story of either character, with the other protagonist and their companions showing up at points in the game. the levels played by each character are the same, but they appear in a different order, and their soundtracks with each stage a different between them. the moves available to the player are similar to the earlier sonic games, with the exception of being able to dash in mid-air and perform tricks while in the air or on rails. levels are centered around running quickly through them, rather than exact platforming, which is a good fit for the series and plays to it's strength. the player must avoid traps throughout the level, whilst navigating through the levels and their multiple paths. each of the characters performs similar moves. these often differ in appearance only, as their moves have the exact same effect. for example, pressing down on the control pad whilst running with sonic will cause him to roll, whilst blaze will spin round and round on a point. the tension gauge is used for super boost within the game and is situated at the left hand side of the screen. to be able to super boost, the tension gauge needs to be charged and this can be done in many ways. whenever you perform trick actions or defeat an enemy the tension gauge will charge a little bit. the tension gauge will change color from blue, to orange and then red, indicating the amount of energy you have earned. when the red gauge is completely filled and the star icon on top of the gauge is spinning, the boost action can be used freely. however the tension gauge will decrease with time or if you have been hit by an enemy and take damage. the game has a total of seven levels, two acts and a boss fight at the end of each level. - leaf storm: like most other -d sonic games, you start off in a nice hilly grassland filled with ring loops. this level is fairly easy especially since it's the first level in the game. - water palace: obligatory water level. lots of ways to drown but, this stage is much more forgiving with allowing you to stay above the water. - mirage road: this level can be described as confusing. this is the desert level of sonic rush which has more puzzles than the other levels. - night carnival: casino level once again returns. if you played sonic or this will be very familiar to you. - huge crisis: a stage of metal and steam. this level is so straight forward yet the easiest to get lost in an endless loop. - altitude limit: a stage in the sky. try not to fall...there a few hang gliders up here to keep you safe. - dead line: the final level of the game. prepare for riding rockets and gravity changing gameplay as you walk on the ceiling and and have to adjust to the controls. if the music in this game sounds a little bit more say upbeat and a jet set radio feel to it than usual that's because it was composed by hidedki naganuma. the person responsible for most of the songs in the jet set radio series. people that also helped composed the ost are teruhiko nakagawa and yukifumi makino. disc length:
__label__non_math	0.9991	a flying car will cost you k we here at gfr have often bemoaned the appalling lack of flying cars here in the futuristic era that is . sure, we have amazing technologies such as smart phones and gps and submersibles that allow movie directors to dive to the bottom of the sea. what we don t have? friggin flying cars. sure, flying cars would almost certainly be prohibitively expensive, and putting the average semi-attentive driver behind the wheel of an airborne automobile would likely be as dangerous as putting a trio of hyperactive gibbons behind the wheel of a normal car. anyway you shake it, flying cars are probably better left in fiction. but they re just so damned cool in back to the future okay, okay, it s not nearly as cool looking as blade runner s spinners or dallas cab in the fifth element, but the prototype vehicle does indeed combine the qualities of a car and an airplane. that means you can fly to your destination, land, fold up the wings, and continue on down the highway. as terrafugia vice president of sales cliff allen says, it s the first street legal airplane in the world. and it s a steal at around 280,000 to be able to afford one. allen introduced the vehicle at the new york international auto show, explaining that it had already completed a successful test flight this past march 23rd. dr. schwegart, one of terrafugia s engineers, said that they were initially unsure how well the vehicle would manage take-off. unlike a normal plane, it cannot rock back on its rear wheels at the moment of take-off because it is designed to be stable as a car on the road. nevertheless, a retired air force volunteer took the craft to ,000 feet and cruised around for eight minutes before returning to earth. if you want to start saving up for your very own transition, they re expected to become available next year, and terrafugia has already received 100 pre-orders. just don t tell anybody where you got the k story via tekgoblin
__label__non_math	0.9984	san francisco gift cards your local gift cards giftcards.com, the gift card site, is the only gift card company that enables you to buy a gift card for virtually every merchant in america .million merchants . you don't have that variety at your local grocery store, plus they specialize in groceries, we specialize in gift cards how does it all work? it's easy. all you need to do is enter your location and search for all of the fantastic local merchants in your area that already accept discover. once you find the merchant you want, big or small, simply add the card to your cart, customize and checkout. affectionately known as the city by the bay, san fransisco continues to charm visitors from across the globe. quaint old victorians known as painted ladies line the shady streets of this foggy and vibrant gem of the bay area. the climate is milder here than in much of california and the slightly cool breezes create the fog that rolls into the city and gives it a mystic charm. known for both romance and intrigue, the city has been featured in countless movies and books such as on the road by kerouac and vertigo by hitchcock. when visiting the city, be certain to take some time to drive along the magnificent golden gate bridge. this bridge is one of the most visited in the world and rises through the clouds as you approach the city. the oakland bay bridge is another roadworthy structure that will take you to jack london square. visitors will want to check out china town, which is one of the largest and most vibrant of these ethnic enclaves. golden gate park boats many attractions such as the japanese tea garden and the conservatory of flowers. known for its eclectic citizens, the city is divided into a number of distinct neighborhoods. the haight-ashbury district still caters to the love generation and contains many great cafes and boutique shops. the street celebrates the psychedelic history of the city that was founded by such musical luminaries as the grateful dead. shoreline amphitheater and the great american music hall are fine places to catch a concert. be certain to stroll along fisherman s wharf with its carnival like atmosphere at stops like pier . a fun day trip can be had by taking a ferry across the bay to alcatraz island for a tour of the famous jail. city lights books will be adored by bibliophiles and fans of the literature of the beat generation. - contact: merchant sales - phone: -877-944- - email: email the following fees apply to all of our gift cards: there is also an additional fee for the products below: create a card --- . basic greeting card --- . customized greeting card --- . cancel card close account --- .per card
__label__non_math	0.9988	lucky strike arizona gift cards phoenix, az your local gift cards orders must be placed in the us, they cannot be placed internationally. about lucky strike arizona: you can purchase a customized giftcards.com local gift card. when you buy gift cards from giftcards.com, we allow you to completely personalize the giftcards.com local gift card. you choose the gift card design and you can also customize the recipient's greeting card that may be used at lucky strike arizona. not looking for a gift card that can be used at lucky strike arizona? you can create gift cards that can be used at any local merchant in the usa. giftcards.com allows you to pick the merchant that fits your recipient best. gone are the days where gift cards and gift certificates are only easily available from the super-merchants. you can create gift cards that can be used at virtually any business in north america. check out our phoenix gift cards section for a list of merchants from every city in the country. disclaimer: giftcards.com local gift cards are not issued by, sponsored, affiliated or endorsed by the merchant. are you this merchant? claim this page. we celebrated a friend's birthday here and had a blast the female bartenders suck ass, don't pour for shit and are slow as fuck. we just attended a 6yr old b-day party here and the service rocked
__label__non_math	1.0000	candles: in bloom gda staff -- gifts and dec, : royal blue iris makes a return just in time for spring. the full bloom collection by yankee candle features three single blossom fragrances. collection includes three new scents: ruby red poppy, royal blue iris featured and soft white peony. .. yankee candle, south deerfield, ma. retailers only, call 800.243. say you saw it on giftsanddec.com click here for more daily picks. we would love your feedback most recent resources - getting the most out of offline leads - free shipping and the importance of onsite promotion - should branded manufacturers participate in flash sales? - rugs 101 - special edition - how big is your label - choosing a web site developer - convergence: tie your online offline experience... - social networks to social shopping - why brands and their retailers are facebook s biggest... - web based intelligence gathering - the future of tablets - shopatron: bicycles ecommerce - a guide to holiday ecommerce success - mattress buying 101 - connecting with consumers - designing your brand s website for ecommerce - global sourcing in : doing more with less - comparing four options for turning web site traffic into... - are you prepared for the holiday season? a branded... - design, develop, deliver: the three d's to digitally...
__label__non_math	1.0000	personalized father's day keepsake to show your father what an important part of your life he plays our personalized father s day lighthouse keepsake is the perfect way to present that to him. if he ever has any doubts this gift is perfect for him to look back on. our exquisite, clear, personalized keepsake stands " x " with soft edges measuring " thick. includes free personalization. personalize your father's day keepsake with any two line custom message. personalized father's day keepsake reads: a father is a beam of light whose strength both guides and warms us it leads us to the path that's right and through its love it forms us.
__label__non_math	1.0000	bickmore cover bands browse and compare 786 professional bickmore cover bands and cover bands who will travel to bickmore to perform at your event. voted best band in the shenandoah valley four years running daily news record , the hackens boys are accustomed to catering to a wide variety of audiences and venues. this five piece group has performed at fairs, festivals, ski resorts, benefits fund raisers, as well as several bars and night clubs. they have also been lucky enough to share the stage with national artists like craig morga... under shelter is a seven piece cover band comprised of professional musicians and talented vocalists. the band specializes in providing top level dance music for special events such as wedding receptions, corporate events, private parties, holiday celebrations, and fairs and festivals. since , the band has provided dance music at a number of venues in west virginia, pennsylvania, marylan... heat of the night band, is one of the east west coast's premier band that's known for their versatility and talented band members. the members that make up the band come from various musical backgrounds to give you that electrifying blend of oldies,rock,motown,r b,soul and t.s.o.p. the sound of philly . we have offices based in bedford virginia and las vegas,nevada our home office is bedfo... the new american heritage dictionary defines "de ja vu" as "the illusion of having already experienced something actually being experienced for the first time". however, your first experience with the de ja vu band will be a retrospective journey to an era of poodle skirts, juke boxes, am radio, and the 'chevy. with over two centuries of combined musical experience, de ja vu features tight ... grooveline is a hot new and exciting band that take you through the pass with the music from stax records, atlantic records, motown records and t.s.o.p. the sound of philly . the reason why we came to this selection of music is it's not being remembered and we want to keep the memories alive when you were listening to the radio you would here otis redding, sam dave, joe tex, temptati... professional, talented and ready to perform for your event putting on a great show with a mixture of classic rock, southern rock and country hits as well as current top country is what jeremy staubus the dam town do best. they are a seasoned group of professionals that play all over virginia, west virginia, maryland and nashville at carnivals, private events, festivals etc. no one can... based in charlottesville, va, in full features scintillating top-shelf musicians playing anything from tasteful cocktail jazz to spot-on funk, soul, rock and pop covers. equally at home performing at weddings and corporate events as night clubs and music festivals, in full provides high energy music and a professional experience for music lovers, newleyweds, club owners and event planners ali... tired of the same old cover band? are you looking for something truly distinctive for your event? how about a band that puts a fresh spin on the songs you love, full of the spark that made them hits in the first place? and how about a band that created their own hit song? how about e3? e3, featuring members of the band everything, is a uniquely entertaining band that is creating a buzz at e... experienced full time professional: nationally touring singer acoustic guitarist. solo, trio or piece band. specializing in the music of the 50s, 60s and 70s. early rock roll classics, "one hit wonders", folk, country and original music. including the music of: james taylor, john denver, buddy holly, jim croce, sam cooke, the beatles, cat stevens, the eagles, neil young, a... harmony is a super talented party band providing excellence for corporate and private social events throughout the midwest. harmony fuses together experience and youthful energy to create an exciting non stop party atmosphere. everyone will want to dance. a superior performance starts with superior production. harmony travels with fantastic sound systems and state of the art led stage and d...
__label__non_math	0.9968	a funny coincidence -or- the beginning of a stalking horror so...this is probably just a coincidence...but its kind of creepy...relatively speaking, based on what i do for a living...as you shall see. last night, i went out for a late dinner...and parked in front of my house was an old green volvo...with a big gigposters.com sticker in the back window. obviously, its just a funny coincidence that it was parked in front of my house...and it was raining and i actually considered knocking on a few doors of homes around my house to ask 'is this car yours? it is? funny, cause you know what i do for a living?'... anyways...the car is still there. ive never seen it before last night. and now, im starting to get creeped out. which is dumb. ive wiped more than a few ''s' and funny little bear drawings off of my onstreet gate door and filed away a few weird little notes put in my mailbox...whatever. but this car is freaking me out. whos is it???? if youre reading this and you might be, as you have a gp.com sticker in your window and your ride is parked on hazard street in houston, who are you
__label__non_math	0.9999	why hire skittzo flii? never a dull moment when skittzo flii performers on stage. the hottest, the hardest, the best female rap and hip hop artist to hit the scenes in denver. featuring all original music, lyrics, and style, skittzo flii is sure to draw a crowd for your event. you can hear tracks and view additional photos and videos at hip hop artists in aurora, colorado event not near aurora, colorado? search a different location when booking a hip hop artist whether you hire skittzo flii or other hip hop artists in aurora for your party, wedding, or event, gig salad makes it super-easy to book professional hip hop artists. we strongly recommend that all communication be kept on the gig salad booking platform as you book your hip hop artist. when you do, we re able to offer numerous benefits that we can t guarantee if you take communication or deposit payment off the gig salad platform. our booking system is easy to use and handles secure deposit payments from you to the aurora hip hop artist of your choice. additionally, the quote agreement sent from your hip hop artist to you using the gig salad platform, should outline performance fees, extras, arrival and departure times, cancellation policy, insurance information and other details.
__label__non_math	0.9997	i don't know about other women but this is the only time i read up to date magazines. alone. clinics only have those complimentary health magazines that the health board dishes out so no sexy men there and even they are from last year. after i speed read through a few women's weeklys, my mind wanders. and today it brings me back to a moment some weeks ago. i had seen an ad for disneyland and when i told max about it, i started to cry. i so want to bring poppy to disneyland to experience its wonder and magic. i just know that she will love it. but we just can't afford it. max's salary at this point i remind everyone that he's on a local package, and not a fancy expat salary keeps us afloat and if we want anything extra, i have to bring in the extra dollars i also want to point out that max has chosen to work on a part-time basis so that he can spend more time with us - he ends work at on most days this month . there is only so much i can write because it takes time to write and research, and i can only do it when the girls sleep. which means only at night. when there are other things around the house to do a well. technically i could set poppy in front of the tv and ignore calla on the playmat and pound away on my computer, but that's not what i chose to stay home for. i've chosen to be at home with the kids, and work on the side, not the other way around. i'm proud to say that i have hardly ever given priority to work over the kids. only on very rare occasions do i have to say "wait, poppy" and hide in the room when a deadline is drawing dangerously near. other times, i don't answer emails when the kids are awake. everyday, my computer remains off in the day and my phone only gets turned on after poppy gets on the school bus. with two full time salaries we could have jumped on a plane at any time to go for a short break. not that we used to do that, but we could have. it's always nice to know you can do something right? whether or not you want to isn't the point, it's that you can. and now we can't. but we made this decision together without the influence of drugs or alcohol. actually i decided to stay home and max just said ok. so well it's just my own choice and i have no one to blame but myself. there are times that i wonder why i made this choice. had i continued full time work, we would have been far more comfortable financially than we are now. we would be able to go for annual holidays, eat out more often and be able to flag down a taxi without a second thought. i would be able to buy more toys and books for the girls. some days, when poppy tests my patience or when calla doesn't want to nap, when i feel and look like crap, when i have a ton to do and keep tripping over toys in the living room and have to constantly answer questions from poppy, carry on conversations with max and sooth calla all at the same time, i think "hey i used to have hard days and get paid for them scream. is this what i spent years working and studying part-time for? i have a double degree from a prestigious university, kids, i'm an expert in my field, and now i have to learn to speak spanish from dora the explorer's monkey? cry. i would do that more often if there were a safe place in my house i could hide to cry in peace without having any random person walking in on me to ask where the animal biscuits are kept or what the dinner menu of the evening is. i keep reminding myself that despite all the hiccups and lack of holidays , we are a happy family. we are happy to not have many toys because that means less to clear. we have books, oh we have books, and we read and re-read them. we do lots of pretend play. we constantly look out for free places to visit and i am always researching on fun craft or activities to do with poppy at home with materials that we already have. i think that ultimately when the kids grow up, they'll look back on their childhood and perhaps remember a toy or two, but hopefully what they will have the deepest memory of is of their mother, who was there for them, every single day. sometimes nice and happy, sometimes grumpy and loud, but always with them and always loving them. a couple of down days, a pathetic bank account and no holidays, i suppose that's a fair exchange if the kids grow up confident and self assured knowing that they are loved and can always turn to is. so back to the hair salon. i'm given this month's issue of her world. i see a quote from ivy ng, group ceo of singapore health services singhralth , and her world's woman of the year . "when i was young, i said no to most social events and spent all my time outside of work with family. it seems difficult but children do grow up very quickly. the important thing is to have a close relationship with them and transmit the right values." how true. how very true. it must have been fated for me to see that article. and it's about this time i start crying at the hair salon.
__label__non_math	0.9999	my dear friend sandy, of the adorable life style blog "sandy a la mode," is offering one lucky reader the chance to win a gift certificate to modcloth - yay enter to win: . leave a comment letting me know you've entered please leave an extra comment for each - bonus entries only giveaway is open from now until , and open to us, canadian international readers
__label__non_math	0.9650	post-apoca-fic paf is most recognized as a sub-genre of science fiction, but end-time narratives are at least as old as the epic of gilgamesh and the story of noah s ark. modern paf is marked as beginning with mary shelley s the last man, written by a woman by featuring a male protagonist. i recently re-read the paf classic a canticle for leibowitz by walter miller, jr. published in book form in , it collected sections that had previously appeared in a sci-fi magazine. it centers on a monastery in post-nuclear utah. there the monks seek canonization of the sacred leibowitz of the title. a man of science instrumental in the nuclear holocaust of the mid 20th century, leibowitz converted to catholicism and advocated peace and learning. the book s first section is set in the mid 21st century: brother francis gerard of utah might never have discovered the blessed documents, had it not been for the pilgrim with girded loins who appeared during that young novice s lenten fast in the desert. the subsequent sections jump ahead hundreds of years, though there are through lines for characters and artifacts that are fun and satisfying to recognize. i found the first section with brother francis, the most engaging. it s the most funny, and francis was my favorite of the many characters in the book. as the novel progresses, though, it shifts from being speculative to more preachy and explicative. the only females are in the third section, and this book fails the bechdel test, which identifies gender bias in fiction, in that no female has a conversation with another female. since the book is set in a monastery, it could be argued that it wasn t within the scope. yet after i read this book, i longed for a female perspective, something like margaret atwood s the handmaid s tale. since i hadn t read her most recent post-apocalypse novels, i decided to check out oryx and crake, the first of the maddaddam trilogy, which was followed by the year of the flood and completed with maddaddam, to be published this september. the events in oryx and crake are typical of paf: a genetically engineered plague has wiped out probably all humans except one man, our narrator: snowman wakes before dawn. he lies unmoving, listening to the tide coming in, wave after wve sloshing over the various barricades, wish-wash, wish-wash, the rhythm of heartbeat. he would so like to believe he is still asleep. .. out of habit he looks at his watch stainless steel case, burnished aluminum band, still shiny although it no longer works. he wears it now as his only talisman. a blank face is what it shows him: zero hour. it causes a jolt of terror to run through him, this absence of official time. nobody nowhere knows what time it is. snowman is not alone; he is surrounded by a variety of genetically spliced creatures. the series proceeds ahead then flashes back. typical atwood, she breaks every rule of how to write fiction, yet the story unspools seamlessly into a compulsively readable narrative. although devourable, the book left a bitter aftertaste. the central characters are a love triangle: two men and one woman, who embodies several cliches, and meets a clicheed end. she never converses with another woman, so this book too fails the bechdel test. and, for anyone expecting closure, remember: you re reading atwood. i continue to puzzle over this book. what does it add to the paf genre other than a ripping yarn typically devoid of females? is there a deeper layer of irony that i m missing? is atwood saying a fully realized female is impossible in paf? is this an extension of the female-suppressing world of handmaid? does the apocalypse somehow preclude women? certainly, it s provoking, though what it has provoked is perplexity and anger and disappointment at atwood, not my usual admiration. i found a possibly parallel question in vanessa veselka s essay in the american reader, green screen: the lack of female road narratives and why it matters : siddhartha wants liberation, dante wants beatrice, frodo wants to get to mount doom we all want something. quest is elemental to the human experience. all road narratives are to some extent built on quest. if you re a woman, though, this fundamental possibility of quest is denied. you can t go anywhere if you can t step out onto a road. left to my own devices, i d go down a rabbit hole and explore paf with female protagonists. maureen mchugh has done some excellent stories and her novel mission child is one of the few i can think of. octavia butler? sheri tepper s gate to women s country? marge piercy s woman on the edge of time? ya paf often has female protagonists, e.g., katniss everdeen, only to shackle and domesticate them in the end. alas, being part of book groups, one of which i lead hence canticle, which sent me down this road means my dance card is limited, so i m unlikely to read up on these questions soon. if any of you kind readers have any insight, please, please, start a thread in the comments section.
__label__non_math	0.9974	the buzz word trap has this happened to you? you are walking through the grocery store and you see some words on a package or on a display and you think wow likewise, people get trapped in the super food trap . they see words like: goji berries, green tea, acai, olive oil, chocolate, raw and they think healthy . because some of you are thinking it let s get something out of the way. don t fall into the but it is healthier than the non organic counterpart and one more thing you might be thinking but i can t deprive myself in fact, according to recent reports americans are sicker than ever. what we don t want you to ever deprive yourself of is your health dying far too young from a disease caused by the food you eat is kind of like dying because you didn t wear your seatbelt, completely senseless. ok, back to the buzz word traps. every so often we post labels of food on facebook and ask people if the food is plant-strong or not. what we find most shocking is that when we post something completely plant-weak almost all of the comments will say something along the lines of i would never put that in my mouth but then something really interesting happens. we post what the food is, and people get angry, some of the very same people who just told us they would never touch the stuff. when they find out the fat food with all of the chemicals that we posted is the vegan butter they have been using every day, they seem to get upset. and we get it. junk food, no matter what buzz words are used, is hard to give up. we seek out high calorically dense foods, it doesn t matter what the buzz words are, a junk food is a junk food. it doesn t matter that it might be a slightly better junk food . every day we get food journals from people who tell us they are following engine or a plant-strong diet, but they are not having success. we are always surprised what people consider to be plant-strong. and it is not surprising. of americans say they eat healthy, say they eat very healthy, yet only . meet the bare minimum standards of a healthy diet only meet the requirements of a healthy lifestyle thanks to jeff novick for the stats . here are some of the foods dishes on a few food journals we got this week from people who are having trouble with their numbers weight loss and who told us they were following the plan completely lays potato chips olive oil chips green smoothie with peanut butter, chocolate chips, dates, maple syrup green smoothie with coconut oil, almond butter, fruit, kale, apple juice hail mary macaroons uncle eddies organic cookies organic whole foods sandwich cookies taco bell tacos no meat no dairy coconut milk ice-cream boca chicken nuggets homemade veg lasagna with boca crumbles, rice cheese parmesean, dayia mozzerella raw kale chips store bought we could go on, but you probably get the point if you aren t sure why some of the things on the above list are not plant-strong, check the labels the next time you are at the store and see if they come close to any of ourlabel reading guidelines. it s time that we stop looking for substitutes for every single sad junk food only to replace them with better sounding junk food. it is time that we start focusing on changing our tastes. we have been introduced to so many dangerous foods in our society. we re overrun with addictive substances in the form of fat, sugar and salt. it is time to break our addictions, and it s time to not fall into the buzz word traps. the truth is we are addicted to fat, sugar and salt. and the way to stop our addiction is not to have the junk food a little less or to pick an organic version of that junk food. just like we wouldn t say to have a better cigarette or sugget to an alcoholic they just switch to organic alcohol. the pleasure trap response is exactly the same to organic vegan gluten free junk food as it is to sad junk food. your brain does not care if it is organic oil or non organic oil. it is still the highest calorically dense food on the planet. your brain does not care if it is organic sugar or regular sugar, it will still cause the same issues in your body, your pancreas does not say ooooh it s organic, it s ok, we don t need as much insulin for that junk food is junk food. there is no better junk food. for some of you this is tragic news. but for most, we hope, there is a little freedom in this news. the good news? it is easy to get plant-strong. it takes about -weeks to change your tastes. and we at engine think everyone is completely capable of changing their tastes. we believe in all of you, and we don t want you to listen to anyone who does not believe in you, or anyone who tells you that you need junk food in order to make changes. we think you are stronger than that, even if you don t. and not only will your tastes change, plant-strong food will start to taste really good. in fact, the junk food will not seem all that appealing. trust your body, trust your taste buds, trust your ability to make changes. for more on this subject, we are going to turn it over to our friend, jeff novick. read the following articles for a greater understanding of what we wrote about in this post. jeff on moderation : part and jeff on calorie density jeff on simplicity jeff on label reading jeff on dates jeff on the top super-foods jeff on what we should eat. jeff on is there pleasure in eating this way? and now for a giveaway. tell us if you have fallen into the buzz word trap and how you were able to get out of that trap. or, if you have never fallen into the trap, what are some of your tricks to staying away from the buzz word junk foods? we will pick winners tomorrow we are giving away copies of jeff s video calorie density, how to eat more and weigh less note: there is a very small portion of the article left out due to me not being able to include the photo. to read the entire article, please go to the following link:
__label__non_math	0.9968	how to text a girl the social arts is really a collection of different social skills rolled up and bundled together in one big hodgepodge of stuff useful for getting success with women. and one of these many skills you ll find you ll need to work on that proves absolutely vital to your success is text messaging and how to text a girl. texting is a thorn in many a man s side. sometimes it might seem when you re trying to figure this medium out that there are more questions when it comes to text messaging than there are answers. what s the right thing to say in your texts? how do you know if your messages are having the right effect on a girl or not? what should your ultimate objective with texting be what are you trying to accomplish? i used to be highly vehemently anti-text myself and pro-phone; you can t build a real connection with a girl over text, and you should never ask her out over text, was my old mantra. but times change, people change, and so have i; these days, i almost never make phone calls anymore. phone calls are so 20th century. your objective in texting girls let s start with the underlying basics and strategy of text messaging girls, because that s what s going to drive how you structure your messages and everything else about them. first off, we covered some of the very basics of text messaging back in april of last year in text message flirting, so if you haven t read that one yet or you need a quick refresher, start there. that out of the way, let s dive in. i feel like most of the men whose text conversations i see have a very slipshod approach toward texting: they text girls without really knowing what their objectives are, oftentimes without any discernable objectives at all. i m not sure how they expect directionless, objective-free texting to lead to anything productive, but well, i remember the days when i was a lot less effective with texting and it felt like this big black question mark of an area, so i commiserate. we ll shine a little light on texting then, and get you pointed in the right direction. you will only ever have two objectives for texting, and they should never overlap. here are your objectives in texting girls: - build rapport and comfort, or - set up a meet. that s it. i think when most men are texting women they rather have this pseudo-objective instead, which is: - keep texting her and fishing around hoping to somehow set up a date. and that s probably the most abominable lack of direction in texting known to man. that horrible, atrocious non-objective leads to men sending all kinds of random, half-baked, lame text messages that leave a woman staring at them thinking, why is he texting me this? and only accomplish sinking the guy s efforts to win this new girl over. thumbs down for the pseudo-objective. if you do that, stop immediately. back to our real objectives. when you are sending text messages, a woman should know immediately what your objective is to build rapport or to ask her out. there should be no question in her mind; this is how to text a girl properly. the reason i say not to have any overlap is because the instant you start trying to overlap setting up meets with building rapport, it gets messy. that s when you have a guy fishing around as he builds rapport, hoping for looking for trying to find some way to ask the girl out. don t fall into this trap; keep your objectives separate. either you re building rapport, or you re setting up a meet. some dos and do nots: - beat around the bush. - text without having an objective. - send lots and lots of texts. - get wordy or longwinded. - be direct and straightforward. - text with your objective in mind. - send a handful of well-planned texts. - be precise and concise. you will always be trying either to build rapport and comfort, or set up a meet. that s all; those are your text messaging objectives when it comes to contacting women. warm texting and cold texting one stop into the land of definitions before we continue. i want to make sure we differentiate between warm and cold texting, because it s an important distinction. so let s define these terms henceforth for the remainder of this article. warm texting is when you text message a girl who was expecting to hear from you at the time you texted her, or was thinking about you. cold texting is when you text message a girl who was not expecting to hear from you at the time you texted her, and was not thinking about you. why the distinction? because you re going to strike a different tone in different types of messages, depending on how prepared a girl was to be talking to you. i ll give you a pair of examples: first, imagine you re on your way to meet a coworker you re friendly with but not super close with for lunch. you get a text from him: just parked. grab a table yet? it may be the first text message he s sent you all day, but it feels normal because you were expecting to hear from him. now let s say you re sitting there at in the morning the next day, slogging through some work you don t want to do when you d really rather be in bed. you get a text from the same coworker whom you re friendly with but not very close with; this one reads: just had my second cup of joe. how s your morning? to a very social person, it might be cool to get this text, but most people will find this one strange and intrusive; it comes out of the middle of nowhere. they wonder, why is he texting me? that s the difference between warm and cold texts. the first one where you were planning to meet your coworker came as no surprise, because of course you would need to handle some logistical issues with meeting each other for lunch. the second one though where d that one come from? this isn t a guy you re super close with is he trying to be friends with you? does he want something from you? does he have some kind of man-crush on you? those are the kind of confused questions that pop into your head when a cold text isn t properly structured to account for the surprise and confusion it may elicit. texting girls is a little more nuanced than you thought, ain t it? how to structure your texts when you send your first text in a new text message conversation with a girl e.g., the first text you ve sent her after not having spoken with her via text for two or more hours; no exceptions, even if you just talked to her over the phone , there are a few elements you will always want to include in every cold text. these are: - a greeting. - her name. - a piece of new information. - something that shows you re considering her. each of these plays a big part in the feel of the text. here s what a complete one with all of the elements looks like: gabby, hey. running a bit behind, sorry; will be there closer to . still cool? so there, we have: - greeting: hey - name: gabby - information: running a bit behind will be there closer to - consideration: sorry still cool? also, the fact that you texted to let her know you d be late in the first place that also counts as consideration in certain cases, we can drop the greeting and it still feels okay, especially if the text is a warm text. so in the example above, we could drop the greeting hey in this case and it s still okay, because she s expecting you to handle logistical issues in the run up to the date. you could drop the name too, but that makes it a bit impersonal, so i recommend keeping it. you should always use a girl s name in your first text of a new text conversation. this trips a mental trigger that reassures her that you re talking to her. text, phone, and email correspondences simply don t feel that personal when you don t use the other person s name; i highly, highly recommend that you do. my text message conversations always start with: hey lily, hope your weekend was always a greeting, and always a name. note that i shied away from exclamation points when you re moving fast with new girls, exclamation points and emoticons have more upside than downside for engendering the right emotions and allowing you to progress things rapidly. hi chase. hope your week has been good. feel like mine s never going to end. makes me recoil in fear that this girl s a total downer; she sounds dour and whiney. i m scared if i meet up with her she ll suck me into negativity or get clingy and dependent on me if we get together. on the other hand, feels so much more fresh and vivid and engaging texting is one of those mediums where you re forced to choose, unfortunately. in this case, the choice is between masculine and negative, or feminine and positive. i ll choose feminine and positive and trust that my masculinity in person will plow under any thoughts of my texting being cutesy. on the matter of information and consideration: the information you share is the point of the text; it s the reason why you texted. the consideration is the bond in the text; it s your way of bonding with and showing care and consideration for this girl you re texting. you want to make sure you know how to text a girl and create the right emotions, because without that you re sunk. if she s left confused as to why you sent the text information is missing or irrelevant or feels like it s cold and you aren t really focused so much on her lack of consideration , she ll have confused or bad feelings tied to the text correspondence and be less likely to respond positively, and less likely to respond at all. information might be: sitting here in gridlock this city has the worst traffic ever had the most amazing shrimp of my life last night i can still taste it. thinking we need to get together some time soon. consideration might be: how s your week looking? how was your test? what s your schedule looking like this week? you ll notice i use a lot of, what s your week look like? that s because i find it a great, open-ended question for both a getting a girl to talk about anything fun, different, or interesting she s got going on or coming up, and b setting up logistics for us to meet up. and, as you ll see in just a moment, i m very direct these days and don t like wasting much time on niceties. you ll also notice we re directly violating one of the capital rules of text message flirting i posted about a year ago. well, for ordinary texting, that still holds true: texting in the initial message is a no-no. but when you structure things very properly as we do here, you can circumvent that rule and cut to the chase. it s the whole get good enough and the rules don t apply to you anymore rule. well, certain rules do still apply if you drop names and greetings and consideration, you probably won t get very far. but you can drop the question rule when you re doing everything else right and then you can use questions to your advantage. here s what our text messages to these gals look like fully assembled: hey lily, hope your weekend was sitting here in gridlock this city has the worst traffic ever katie, morning these are cool, fun, personal, and upbeat, and will almost always get responses. this is influenced partly by the initial impression you made on the girls you re sending them to, of course, and partly by precedent e.g., if your initial impression was not good for whatever reason, or you ve already set bad precedent in your correspondence, a good text now may be too little too late , but generally, structured this way, you ll almost always hear back from women, and they ll almost always be at least reasonably warm and expansive in their replies. how to text a girl to build rapport i recommend you send an initial text message to a girl three to five hours after first meeting her. if you met her toward the end of the night in a bar or nightclub or on the street or at a party, one or two hours later is okay if you re just about to head to bed. your first text message, several hours after first meeting a girl, is to break the communication barrier and establish a degree of comfort for her with communicating with you. the longer you wait, the more awkward it gets when that first communication of yours arrives whether a text message or a phone call , so text within three to five hours to prevent any awkwardness or expectation settling in and establish rapport via text message right away. all you need to do that is a simple text like: glad to meet a fellow traveler : -chase happy to run into you tonight : -chase basically, you re giving her: - a goodwill statement letting her know you re glad to meet her - a smiley face conveying warmth and good feelings - your name this serves the following purposes: - establishing rapport. you ve quickly moved to establish rapport via text message, removing any awkwardness or expectation. when you text or call later, it will be natural, now that you ve already exchanged communication. - confirmation that you like her and remember her. sometimes guys take girls phone numbers and get all weird or never text or call at all. girls can get stuck wondering if you really liked her, if you ever intend to get in touch with her again, or if you ll be the same over text as you were in person or if you re one of those jekyll hide guys who s cool in person but creepy over text. giving her a short, single sentence goodwill statement with accompanying smiley will set her mind at ease and prevent her from starting to imagine any weird scenarios of you texting or calling and it being odd. - giving her your name. when you ve been at this for a while, you develop a talent for remembering everyone s name, because you get so used to meeting lots and lots of new people that it just becomes routine. i rather enjoy meeting a new group of eight or ten people, having them all cycle through their names, and then i go back and tell them all what their names are after and everyone s amazed. as it were though, most women are not so talented, and may very well forget your name, no matter how much they like you and how deeply you connect. this can be downright embarrassing for them so much so sometimes that they can t bear to talk to you for the shame of it. signing your name at the end of that first text allows them to save face and gives them your name just in case they forgot it. for building rapport, typically i ll fire off that initial text, then not get in contact with the girl at all the following day, only reestablishing rapport the day after unless she reaches out to me first . at that time i ll generally fire off a few rapport building texts to get her comfortable chatting with me. these follow the structure we covered earlier, at least in the first text or two. some general outlines on rapport-building texts: - be concise. shorter texts get far more replies than longwinded ones. - stay positive. no one likes a downer; bring good, positive energy to your texts. girls should look forward to receiving texts from you. let them dread texts from those other boring, depressing life-draining guys, while you come along and light up their days. - keep it to a few texts. unless you get in a really good texting conversation with a girl, you ll want to keep it to three to ten texts sent, generally. - watch the time. it s okay to vary your response times, but don t reply too much more quickly to a girl s text than she replies to yours until you get pretty advanced, lest you risk looking like you re waiting by the phone for her reply with nothing better to do. once you re advanced, you can play around with varying response times; sometimes i ll reply within minutes to a girl s text; other times it might take me hours. usually that s more because i m busy than anything else, but building variance into your response time is a good thing to do. how to text a girl to arrange a meet this is the real meat of this post and probably the most important part of it. honestly, i hardly spend much time building rapport with girls over text these days; i usually go straight for setting up the date. if you prefer to build some comfort and rapport first, i d recommend a rough schedule like this: - initial text several hours after first meeting girl - rapport-building texts two days after first meet - arrange the date four to five days after first meet that s all you need. less, even. like i said, i often skip the rapport-building these days unless i really think a girl needs it, and i go for setting up the meet the day after i ve first met a girl or the next day after that. you don t need to talk to a girl for weeks before she s ready to meet up with you; you don t need to gradually win her over. you just need to get her out. back in my days selling tires, my old boss asked me a question while i was still in training. he asked me, do you know what the telephone is for? i said, to sell the customer on a tire? he said, no. a really good, seasoned salesguy, like jim, can sell a customer on a tire over the phone, but even he knows not to push too hard to try to sell over the phone unless he can tell that s what the customer wants. all i want you to do with the telephone is to use it to get the customer in the store. selling over the phone is an uphill battle; but, get them in the store, and by that point they ve come all the way here, they ve made the decision this is where they want to buy their tires, and they re committed, and more likely than not they ll buy the tire. you stand a much better chance of selling the customer a tire when they re here in front of you than when you have them on the phone. get them in the store. i took that to heart and made it my priority with every phone call i answered from a customer. whenever i found myself on the phone, my priority was get them in the store. i forgot this lesson for a while when i was first learning how to do well with women, and i d have these long, drawn out phone and text message interactions spanning weeks and months, and sometimes i d eventually meet the girl, and sometimes nothing would come of it. it was colossally ineffective. i hated the phone; i had better luck taking a girl home the same night i met her in the nightclub than i did ever seeing her again once i had a phone number. but eventually i remembered get them in the store. translated to seduction, it s get them out with you. so, i stopped trying to sell myself over the phone, and just started using it as a logistical tool to set up dates; my success soared. i ve hardly even used phone calls at all the past two years. heck, in the first fifteen days of this year, i slept with four new girls, every one on first dates, every one of those dates coordinated via text message. my secret? get them out with you. i recently helped a good friend of mine structure his text messages to get a girl out who hadn t responded to an earlier effort of his. i wrote him up a new text, and suddenly this girl who hadn t responded before responded right away this time and ended up coming out late that night to meet him when she had to be up for work at the next day. why? three elements to a meet-up text: - be warm. - offer value. - keep your eye on the ball. the ball being the meet, of course. the value can be offering to do something cool or fun with her, or it may simply be leading her to something she wants to do meet you . sometimes girls will ask side questions, like, how was your day? but you must answer that and continue to push toward the meet. don t get sidetracked. here s what an example conversation might look like as you forge ahead toward setting up a meet: lisa, hey this weekend s okay, sure awesome. see you sat ; and bam, that s all it takes. note that when she asked how he was, he didn t get sidetracked and kept his eye on the ball the meet . a pal of mine fell into that trap and got diverted off-course and ended up not meeting up with a girl who wanted to meet up with him because of that, which sucks. keep your eye on the ball and continue pushing gently, calmly, and socially adroitly for the meet. then, plan a good date and make it a simple date and she s as good as yours. this was another rather wordy article, but i haven t seen much good information out on there on texting and wanted to put this out. i was considering making this a mini-ebook and selling it, but, eh my hands are full enough with finishing how to make girls chase and doing pre-scripting for spellbinding. besides, information wants to be free anyway, right? ; seriously, if you get this down, your dating life will get about 1000x easier. being able to quickly turn your phone numbers into meets is a game changer; it gives you so many more opportunities to succeed with women. definitely focus on stepping up your text message skills and really learning how to text a girl when you have the time. a few of the possibly more challenging bumps in the road you may encounter and the items you ll likely want to target as you seek to learn this: - beginners: getting down timing how fast or slow should you respond? what days and what times of day should you text at? , number of texts sent how many is too few? too many? , and anxiety over pulling the trigger sooner or later you have to ask her out - intermediate: getting down concision don t write long texts , being interesting without being an entertainer avoid being boring, but also avoid going over the top , engaging women properly how do you get them really participating? , and arranging dates more smoothly. - advanced: cutting down your texting even more, to the bare minimum of texts you need to send before you can get a girl on a date; getting girls to chase you and pursue you and at times work to set the date up themselves; getting very dominant and direct in how you set up your dates and mastering the finer points of language in text messages; working on assuming the sale shall we grab lunch? i m thinking we could do o malley s at noon tomorrow; sound good? . so, get thee to a cell phone and start texting today. invaluable skill to have, and while i still think you ought to invest some time into getting great on the phone just for the pure sake of having that versatility should you need it, texting at this level is really all you need to get girls out and on dates reliably and quickly. in short, i am firmly a text messaging convert these days. texting girls... fun, easy, effective, and above all, efficient talk to you soon. get your free ebook on texting girls sign up for our email insights series and get a copy of our popular ebook how to text girls free. learn more ... trying to piece together a seduction strategy bit-by-bit, article-by-article, question-by-question? stop killing yourself doing it the slow and difficult way - and get it all spelled out for you instead, in detail, in exactly the order you need to learn it... with homework, too. with our complete mastery pick up package, you'll get our 406-page how-to ebook how to make girls chase, our -minute long video spellbinding: get her talking, and hours of audio training - all for less than the price of the book and video alone. quit banging your head against the wall - get it now, to speed your learning curve up dramatically... and start really getting the women you want to want you too. you can go right here to get started and be downloading your programs in minutes: how to be a pick up artist.
__label__non_math	0.9999	i wasn't always a practicing jew. that happened after i married one. i grew up with santa claus. and the easter bunny. and egg hunts and elves and caroling and ginger bread houses and "twas a night before christmas" read to me before bed. and letters to santa's elves who visited every year and who i named trixie and dixie and sent back with santa claus on christmas eve. and then cried because i hated to see them go. i believed in the jolly old elf until i was seven-years-old. and then that bitch katie assholenose made me look like a complete idiot in second grade. "duh, rebecca. you idiot. santa is your mom and dad. psh. what a dork." "psh. i knew that, okay. i've known since kindergarten so there i was embarrassed. and angry. but most of all i was sad because i so wanted to believe. in fact i'm pretty sure i can trace the beginning of the end of my innocence to that winter day in . that was the day i started to doubt. in fairies and elves and make-believe. i banished my imaginary friends soon after and realized that maybe my stuffed animals didn't have feelings. or voices. or dreams. it was heartbreaking, but i digress-- i'm glad there was a santa, once. i only wish i could have believed a little longer. christmas wasn't the same after that. nothing really was. this is not going to be a worry for us as archer will not have a santa claus. we will celebrate hanukkah in our home. we will create new traditions. and just so archer me won't be able to miss out on the christmas tree, we'll be spending christmas at my parent's house. so he we will have the best of both worlds, much like i did growing up celebrating christmas and hanukkah. passover and easter. and although there will be no santa or easter bunny, there oh-so-will-be a tooth fairy. because magic is important, even though it ends. sometimes abruptly. because believing in something that isn't real is what children do and adults if we are lucky. and yet its a tough one because essentially, it's kind of like lying to our kids and for what? the magic. the magic. because maybe we want to believe in something. maybe, as adults, part of the joy in having children of our own is being able to find it again. that magic. because it's special. a while back one of my readers hi mrs. q her comment read as followed: ...my sister-in-law announced years ago that she would not lie to her children now and about santa tooth fairy easter bunny mickey mouse at disneyland, etc. her thought is, that if her children can t depend on her for the truth about these things, what is to say they will trust her on anything else? she had a very bad experience with santa and her parents, by the way . now that our man is mo., and there are now many other young kids in our extended family, we're all not quite sure how to deal with our niece and nephew who think that we are in fact lying to our own kids and don't really care if they debunk the myth... i m at my wits end arguing my point, which is ultimately, as parents, we do whatever we choose and think is right, but at the same time, respect what others teach their own children. it s called tolerance. to us, santa is magic, and like all magic, kids eventually figure out that there's a secret behind it. a great many of you had opinions and great points on the subject of "hiding the truth" and "where do we draw the line between lies and and make-believe." santa is a toughie, a perfect paradoxical symbol of youth and belief and growing up. as a parent, i have pledged to be honest with archer. to be open with him about the world. to educate him. to hold the flashlight and to help him understand the scary and often confusing aspects of life. reality. but at the same time, i want him to trust in his imagination. and in storytelling. and the power of belief. of faith. even if its ephemeral. a conundrum? i think paradox is a better word because i don't think believing in santa opposes knowing the truth. and on behalf of mrs. q, i would like to turn to all of you for your insight on the matter. do you believe in santa for your kids? why or why not? thank you in advance for your perspective. addendum: do you have a subject you would like discussed? i am happy to host any relevent discussions if you have a question concern are looking for guidance. please feel free to email me at firstname.lastname word.
__label__non_math	0.9993	what he really thinks of your fave summer outfit my dad is sexually abusing me. how can i tell my mom? things to do before school lets out tune up your summer concert wardrobe with these picks ed. obsession under : primp out your keyboard graphic tees to get ya movin' are you a 'fraidy cat? show some glcrew love, babes bella thorne rocks wat-aah a girls guid to money calling all girls on tumblr being original, be you live to shop??????????? just be'n cool flavor: get the perfect mix of fresh fruit and creamy cake with this delish gloss. fab fact: first introduced in , this fave flave was brought back in by popular demand. be a gl buzz babe
__label__non_math	0.9974	what he really thinks of your fave summer outfit my dad is sexually abusing me. how can i tell my mom? things to do before school lets out tune up your summer concert wardrobe with these picks ed. obsession under : primp out your keyboard graphic tees to get ya movin' are you a 'fraidy cat? show some glcrew love, babes bella thorne rocks wat-aah create a profile hours ago are you a creative chica? get started in the day craft challenge hours ago things you might not know are killing your cardio workout: click here hours ago attention glossy girls: tweet your lipsmackerlove for the chance to win a new gloss. i had no idea they canceled ghost whisper graceygirl77 on : luv luv luv luv luv ur profile pic stylediva on : aww cute avatar y75r7u9i on : omg i love glee ur pro is kewl come check mine out graceygirl77 on : weekly fashion tip tribal themed clothing and jewelry are everywhere this summer, this theme has such a nature-ish and funky feel to it stylegirly on : thx ur profile is amazing and ur icon is adorable cooligurl13 on : saxophonegurlee89 on : weekly fashion tip if u have a semi-formal occasion coming up, such as a small party, try wearing silk clothing that have a floral design on them. they r so comfy, as well, as pretty stylegirly on : sorry, girly, i posted a weekly fashoin tip on ur profile a while ago, but the gl ppl must of messed it up and not put it on...sorry bout that, here's da belated fashion tip one trend i've been noticing dat is really coming thorough is embellishments. shoes, dresses, tops, any type of clothing dat is embellished, buy stylegirly on : yeah, i change my icon every week; and i wanted a break from twilight pics breezee211 on : wanna join clubgorgeous? clubgorgeous on : weekly fashion tip one thing try, is those ahdorable headbands w those bows, big or small on it. i luv them stylegirly on : okay this is sooo easy breezee211 on : u got a cool icon prettyotter on : heeeyyyy : happy easter sunday : i lovve your icon. i have a jibbit the little things you put in the holes of crocs just like that cutiewithglasses on : ik no this is tough for u and that it can b prrty annoying but its her choices and there isnt something u can do just to totally change them..now i am not an expert so u should try talking to a mod her ok? srry about this ik its tuff hdance5 on : breezee211 on : weekly fashion tip sparkles, sequins, and glitter is not only for night wear and parties, it can b for daytime too stylegirly on : hey, anything new with you? breezee211 on : hey i am sorry ur going through this, did u ever ask her why she always goes back to being her friend? she has to understand that she cant keep doing this hdance5 on : good answer breezee211 on : nothin reall just hung around the house pretty boring. crazyfrog on : breezee211 on : hmmm, main or carlisle hardly a like her because she has my name breezee211 on : hey there i have had a lot of friends like that and i learned i have to stop giving into them. have you ever tried talking to her about it? what did you say? what did she say? it would be easier for me to help u if u answer these questions hdance5 on : stylegirly on : i love your icon too-so cute breezee211 on : thnks for ur comment on my profile its cool we both like kesha hdance5 on : stylegirly on : thnx ur icon is awsome who doesn't luv eor so cute wat did u do this weekend? crazyfrog on : thats soo cool, i really want to just ride a horse...i have never done that before. ginaxluver on : yeh they are petty cool horsecazy1234 on : ginaxluver on : ur icon is adorable animelvr1245 on : ginaxluver on : horsecazy1234 on : yah im def going, what kind of puppy do you have?? i love lovee loveee puppies ginaxluver on : yeh i didnt really notice untill in the van and it is horsecazy1234 on : thats sounds like so much fun, i hope that you have fun. ginaxluver on : thank goodness u agree i cant believe ppl actually were those verenice on : nothing really big, just trying to get through school and dance class. i can not wait until spring break ginaxluver on : oh yeh i go to this one camp every summer called camp wartburg it is awesome horsecazy1234 on : lol i'm sure he will take us after a little begging and pleading. ginaxluver on : lol and lol horsecazy1234 on : horsecazy1234 on : thats soo cool i am going to ask my dad if he can take my family on a disney cruise, thanks for the great idea ginaxluver on : hey i love ur icon too it is so cute sorry it was so long. musiclover95 on : thats cool, i really want to go on a disney cruise this year with my family. ginaxluver on : no but i really really really want some horsecazy1234 on : i hate spiders too they freak me out soo much one time there was a spider a little bit bigger than a quarter on my wall and i had to get my dad to vaccuum it off of the wall xxclairexx1187 on : flavor: get the perfect mix of fresh fruit and creamy cake with this delish gloss. fab fact: first introduced in , this fave flave was brought back in by popular demand. write your roots...and win a vacay for the fam
__label__non_math	0.9998	i'm tymmerie thorne - a woman who is finding myself and finding wonder in second life . friday, in the details... omg. satan moved next door. it is true. and he built a monstrosity of a castle there, complete with a blood filled hot tub, fleet of bats, rainstorm and a completely paved yard because satan does not have time for yard work, don't you know... .yes - the new neighbor actually told jerremy that he was, in fact, satan. jeebus - don't you think that someone claiming to be beelzebub would move to a place with a tougher sounding name than wonderful land? and what? satan doesn't want mainland? all the prince of darkness could afford was a medium sized parcel here? it isn't even a corner lot. you cannot tell me there is not a sim somewhere where his blood soaked castle would fit in better and his neighbors would welcome his bats. to tell the truth, i would not care that evil incarnate lived here if he had better taste and his home fit in better with the rest of the gardens and lovely buildings in our sim. so i put up some rainbows and a butterfly emitter. i did a quick sign of the cross over the water that courses through our sim and...a-la peanut butter sandwiches and he paid 15kl.and i am going to tell him that. it should make him feel really good...heh
__label__non_math	1.0000	danny carlton marked his return to morecambe with a first-half double to leave barnet deep in relegation trouble and give the shrimps some breathing space with a -win. the -year-old striker rejoined morecambe last month after being released by bury and made the most of some poor set-piece defending to score twice in first-half minutes after mark byrne had given the home side the lead. loan signing sam deering's cross was only half cleared by chris mccready and byrne duly turned in his fifth goal of the season after minutes. but barnet's inability to deal with a stewart drummond free-kick cost them as carlton stole in at the back post to nod home. and with three minutes to go before half-time carlton scored his second, knocking in from close range as the bees again failed to deal with a drummond delivery. james spencer should have put the visitors out of sight early in the second half before morecambe goalkeeper joe anyon produced a great save to deny charlie taylor a late equaliser.
__label__non_math	0.9995	liverpool captain steven gerrard has heaped praise on fellow anfield teammate luis suarez, suggesting he has been the player of the year so far this season. suarez was signed by the reds in january for .million, and has been in sensational form this season, hitting goals in just league appearances. the uruguayan has scored some vital goals for liverpool and gerrard has hailed the striker as not only one of the best player in the premier league but also in europe. gerrard told bbc sport: for me he's been player of the year, across this league and a lot more leagues. there are probably only one or two people who you could say have been better than him this season. how much better can he get? i'm not sure, but it's a scary thought if he does improve on how he's been performing this season. liverpool face the uneviable task of overturning a -deficit against russian side zenit st petersburg in the europa league round of at anfield tonight. however gerrard has urged the entire team to rise up to the challenge, but believes suarez can produce moments of individual brilliance to get his side out of trouble if required. gerrard added: we're all there behind him as well - he's not on his own - but i'd love nothing better than for this game to be decided on a bit of magic or brilliance from him. with the season he's had, i think he does deserve it. disclaimer: this article has been written by a member of the givemefootball writing academy and does not represent the views of givemefootball.com or sportsnewmedia. the views and opinions expressed are solely that of the author credited at the top of this article. givemefootball.com and sportsnewmedia do not take any responsibility for the content of its contributors.
__label__non_math	1.0000	when you re good enough you re old enough, as the old adage goes, but it might be a while before archie shepherd makes his professional debut - he s only four-years-old. archie has already caught the eye of premier league scouts and trains with arsenal as well as west ham united s under- s. he's also been offered a place in chelsea s academy after impressing at one of the club's soccer schools aged just three. archie s reputation was enhanced even further after he scored an amazing goals in one game for his county park team a few weeks ago. parents pat and vicki shepherd are getting used to the attention their talented son receives, and say they re not surprised at his ability as football s the only thing archie s ever thought about. he doesn't stop playing and he doesn't care if kids are bigger than him - he shows no fear. he has become quite well known - after the match he had a crowd of people around him telling him he was the next messi. there are a lot of clubs monitoring him and just waiting for him to get a bit older really. during half term he went to the chelsea summer school and he took all the trophies away. he is a normal height for a four-year-old but his natural skills and footwork are way above average for his age. he was showing the under 10s his skills the other week. he is just football obsessed - i don t know where he gets it from. archie may have been touted as the next lionel messi but there s only one man archie wants to emulate. i like real madrid - when i grow up i want to be cristiano ronaldo, he said. and he added: i love football. disclaimer: this article has been written by a member of the givemefootball writing academy and does not represent the views of givemefootball.com or sportsnewmedia.the views and opinions expressed are solely that of the author credited at the top of this article. givemefootball.com and sportsnewmedia do not take any responsibility for the content of its contributors.
__label__non_math	0.9703	view full version : activity on a user 18th january , hey, so we already have last sab last recon last attack on a user's profile. could we just make it like an activity log for that user? so it would say the past interactions with that user, like : or have a search bar in your own activity log for a certain user. 19th january , i think this would be a nice feature to have : would make for finding information on a certain player a lot easier -btw there is a bug with the activitylog.php page when i try to sort it by type: say "attack" and then want to go to page out of attack pages i type into the box and hit "go" it does indeed take me to page ... but the entries are no longer sorted by "attack" it shows all of the entries and i have to recheck the box and submit the page again : i also tried checking the box and putting the page number into the text box and hitting go, but i get the same result as above page but unsorted entries : : 19th january , don't fret my sweet little chicken dumplings, its been fixed. the part about the bug anyway. 22nd november ,
__label__non_math	1.0000	loading gkworld app... upgrading to a secure session... add item to cart for shipping zoovy, inc. has created this privacy statement for this company in order to demonstrate our joint commitment to privacy. the following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: this company is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites, unless otherwise specified below your information is never shared with other companies, even those who are also using zoovy technology. in the future zoovy may provide you the ability to share your information across multiple websites which all utilize zoovy technology however this will only be done at your explicit request. this site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services, it also collects visitor's contact information like their email address , in some circumstances their unique identifiers like their pets name, or mothers maiden name , and financial information like their account or credit card numbers . contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to customers. the customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. users may opt-out of receiving future informational mailings; see the choice opt-out section below, users may not opt out of receiving order notifications, or other contacts which are deemed essential by this company. financial information that is collected is used to bill the customer for products and services. unique identifiers such as pets name, and mothers maiden name are collected from web site visitors to verify the user's identity. our online surveys ask visitors for contact information like their email address . we use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our company. the customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice opt-out section below. this site may also run contests in which case we may ask visitors for contact information like their email address . generally this information is used to verify eligibility, however we may also use contact data from our contests to send users information about this company. the customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary for example winners . users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice opt-out section below. financial information that is collected from our users is used to check the users' qualifications for registration and bill the user for products and services. this site may include chat rooms, forums, message boards, and or news groups available to its users. please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. this site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. information is stored behind a firewall, against a password protected database system. whenever sensitive information is accessed it is transmitted using strong ssl encryption. this company may keep a copy of your information on its own system using zoovy's webapi system, this system may have its own security measures in place. our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor. this site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service. each time an information email is distributed, you have the option to use unique unsubscribe url which is attached to each outgoing email. customers may unsubscribe at any time by simply logging into their accounts. this site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided. simply visit the customer login area of this website. items on this list will not show up anywhere on the site. use it for items you never want to see again. if you add an item to the list by mistake, use this page to remove it from the list and it will start re-appearing during your shopping experience. payments will be "authorized" by our credit card processor, paypal and google checkout at the time of checkout. this means that the authorized amount will not be available to you, it will be held in reserve by your bank. if you pre-order or back order an item and pay with a credit card, the authorization for that purchase usually expires in seven days for visa, or days for mastercard, american express, discover and paypal. for items that arrive in more than days, we may need to obtain another authorization from your credit card company. your credit card is charged only at the time we ship the product. orders are carefully inspected before shipping. we accept returns that are unused and unopened only unless the item itself is broken. products must be in there original condition and packaging. you must contact us first to receive an authorization before any return is able to be sent back. when we receive the return back your form of payment will be credited for the price of the item s and any taxes. this credit will not include shipping, unless the products were damaged upon arrival. your credit will be authorized after we receive and process your return, as long as the item meets the above criteria. all of our in-stock items usually ship within business day, depending on how busy we are, some in-stock items may take up to business days to ship. in-stock items ordered with back orders and pre-orders may cause delays in the shipping of in-stock items. we ship worldwide via u.s. postal service. we ship to nearly every country. after adding an item to your shopping cart, specify your country in the shopping cart and it will calculate shipping based on country. please note that shipping costs may be high for -items, as more items are added to the cart you will not see shipping costs increase much. intl. first class mail this mail service takes about -weeks to arrive. intl. priority mail this mail service takes about -business days to arrive. intl. express mail this mail service takes about -business days to arrive. orders may take longer if held or delayed by customs . gkworld has over ,000 items available so we are not able to stock all of our items. we do work very closely with our suppliers and receive weekly shipments in for back orders placed. most back orders arrive to us within -weeks from when they are ordered. we will notify you once your back order has arrived and is ready to ship. we only charge back orders once they are shipped. back orders can be cancelled at anytime. usa orders: ordering items both in-stock and on back order. in most cases we will ship the in-stock items in -business days and the back ordered items separately. there is never additional shipping; we cover all shipping charges on back orders. international orders: ordering items both in-stock and on back order. in most cases we will hold the in-stock items until the back ordered items are re-stocked. if we ship the in-stock items first, do not worry there is never additional shipping; we cover all shipping charges on back orders.
__label__non_math	1.0000	during this pride month, many of us have celebrated our vision for equality, and our progress toward that vision, in the communities in which we live. this weekend, no matter our hometown or city of residence, we've joined in new york's celebration of marriage equality. this is truly an historic time. earlier today, i had the privilege of marching in new york city's pride march. hundreds of thousands of lgbt families and allies were there to celebrate and cheer. walking alongside my fellow staff and supporters of glaad, i could not be any more proud to be part of our movement and part of this organization. in new york, our staff and many partner organizations have been working around the clock in recent days to make sure media bring stories about the couples at the heart of marriage equality to all americans. whether it's african american pastors who support equality in the new york daily news or sarah ellis and kristen henderson, whose story was shared across the associated press in outlets like the atlanta journal constitution, we need these powerful stories of allies and loving and committed couples in every state if our community is to continue to move forward. at glaad, we're committed to doing our part to ensure that happens. within every movement and within every organization, comes change. this week, glaad's board of directors announced some of our own--the resignation of glaad president jarrett barrios. jarrett leaves the organization after a series of historic successes that have moved our community closer to equality and sent powerful messages to millions. as glaad's acting president, i want you to know that our staff and board of directors are committed to and focused on glaad's culture-changing work during our transition into new leadership. glaad recently expanded its on-the-ground work to more states than ever. media field strategists assist local lgbt organizations by training lgbt people and allies how to speak out and build support for equality in states including alaska, california, florida, maryland, minnesota, and oregon. glaad's work on the ground and behind-the-scenes is needed today more than ever. our strong track record and ability to move our culture is unwavering. americans need to hear more lgbt voices and stories, and we need your help to continue. i write to you today to ask for your continued engagement in our work--whether it means participating in glaad's calls to action against anti-lgbt defamation, volunteering with us, providing financial support to the organization or speaking out in your local offices, homes and communities for full equality. as we saw this weekend in new york, it's the stories of lgbt people, families and our allies that will lead to full equality. i also want to assure you, our supporters, that we are committed to our transparency policy and that we will continue to make decisions based on what we believe is best for our community, even when it might involve demanding action or disagreeing with our corporate partners. thank you for your support of and dedication to glaad and its important work. if you have any questions about our recent transitions, let us know. it's important we maintain your confidence. we have a mind to make a difference in this movement, and together, we'll do just that. be sure to stay involved in our progress at and
__label__non_math	1.0000	ellen's 1000th show is an amazing milestone and we feel blessed for nana gladys to be a part of it you never know how gladys can inspire people people have sent us drawings, photographs, poems, and even t-shirts daniel e. barnes from omaha nebraska wrote a wonderful song that you just gotta hear. click here for dan's song a fella named john shanks from big lick tennessee composed this song also as a tribute for nana click here for john's song meals on wheels has touched our life personally in knoxville tennessee. they were the first to help our granny anne who made it home from the hospital for some precious time. we are so grateful for this program and are very active with meals on wheels more here in austin. recently people have been donating time and money in the name of nana gladys
__label__non_math	0.6465	founder, michelle blenkinsopp so how did it all begin? it all began with my obsession for paper dolls my grandmothers sewing basket brimming with bits of lace, silk ribbons and vintage buttons when i was around years old . everything has evolved from there. shell belle couture encompasses everything i have learned and loved in a lingerie career spanning twenty years. how would you describe your style? shell belle couture is a collection created from a passion for vintage lingerie and the desire for an endless summer each piece is beautifully feminine, precious and elegant. designed for the beautifully undressed . shell belle couture is a fully coordinated swimwear, lingerie and slip dressing collection which takes you effortlessly from beach to boudoir .
__label__non_math	1.0000	maybe it's the bargain-lover in me, but i'm not the kind of girl who believes that great products have to come with gigantic price tags. in fact, the only face wash i ever use cetaphil gentle skin cleanser costs less than for oz there are tons of other great skin care products under the mark. so spill it: do you have a low-priced favorite to share? what's the most you'll pay for a skin-care product? and are there any other cetaphil devotees out there?
__label__non_math	0.9970	new year s resolutions on dating are no different from any other kind. i quit making them because i usually broke them and ended up feeling like a failure. and i ve come to realize that the way we tend to approach them is usually the result of thinking feeling something negative about ourselves. so resolutions become a cloaked form of judging and scolding ourselves for what we did badly the year before, though we did our best at the time. and that makes them a setup for failure. we all wish we had done some things differently, and i m not the only one who judges themselves for it. but it isn t good for us and it s unlikely to create real or lasting change. since i m all for change and have finally learned some things that work for me, try this if you want, and see how it works for you: . find some quiet space and time, away from all the jangle, and just sit with yourself for a while. silence really is golden, and you can hear things when there s no clatter. . remember and accept that you are a continually growing being who s got some life lessons to learn. and yes, many of life s lessons hurt. . accept that you have good reasons to be the way you are, and that the behavior you now want to change has served you in some way in the past, even though you didn t like the consequences. the issues we bring to dating and relationships, like everything else, are more likely to continue if we don t acknowledge the reasons for them, so let yourself think honestly about how they have actually worked for you. . love yourself not in the phony, superficial way that ads tell us to. just accept yourself as fully and deeply as you can, as a human and therefore imperfect being who tries your best. and if you re no good at accepting yourself yet, no worries . think about all the things you did well in , and give yourself credit. . then think about what you learned in , and what is most important to you now. . if you still want to make a resolution, base it on this self-exploration and acceptance, and limit yourself to one two at the most. i personally prefer to consider it an intention. . keep it simple, frame it positively i.e., what you want to do, rather than what you don t want to do , pick what will make you feel genuinely good about yourself, and don t expect to do it perfectly. this year, my intention is to remember to listen to my intuition and act on what it tells me, without undue delay, and whether i like it or not. tuning into myself honestly and behaving accordingly, is always better in the end. i ve been working on it for a while now, and it helps in every aspect of my life, including dating. but i still forget to listen sometimes, or find it difficult to believe myself and act on what i know. for example, i got into a relationship this year that had a lot of seriously good glue. but as soon as i realized that it was not the kind of relationship or the man i wanted, i let go. i didn t keep hoping and trying, despite my loneliness and my hunger for it to work out. and i know that i saved us both a lot of time and grief. we know more than we often let ourselves in on, especially when we don t like what we know. so listen and be kind to yourself, make doable resolutions or intentions, and make them from an internal space that s not judgmental. finally, always remember that you can make a new start anytime not just at the beginning of a new year. you re always growing. so, happy new year --written by corinna fales for howaboutwe did you make any dating resolutions this year? are you rethinking them now? either way, here's to a great new year more from howaboutwe...
__label__non_math	0.9999	interested in what's happening in the glass world? check here for glass related events such as but not limited to: conferences demonstrations exhibitions auctions scholarship grant deadlines special events tours etc. date: jul - , time: - place: haystack mountain school of crafts host: haystack mountain school of crafts -week intensive studio workshop haystack mountain school of crafts international craft school session glass workshop make it happen workshop participants will discover the potential to make forms and ideas come to life in glass. we will develop a strong foundation of glassmaking skills through blowing, bit working, and an introduction to color and patterning. we will discover how a combination of traditional and experimental approaches to glass can bring any idea to fruition. this workshop is an introduction to working with hot glass through demonstrations, skill building exercises, and a focus on individual practice. for beginning glassblowers. joe grant received a bfa from the university of illinois and an mfa from virginia commonwealth university. he has received numerous awards including a residency at the creative glass center of america and a north carolina arts council fellowship. joe grant s work has been in exhibitions at the carrack modern art, turchin center for the visual arts, and the green hill center, north carolina; gallery a, richmond, virginia; minnetrista, muncie, indiana; university galleries, bloomington, illinois; and marx- saunders gallery, chicago, illinois. joegrantglass.com frederick s. upton foundation ohio arts council toledo museum of art friends of the glass art society health care reit kingston healthcare company libbey inc. owens corning owens-illinois, inc. nsg group pilkington na toledo community foundation margy and scott trumbull mary wolfe
__label__non_math	1.0000	in an upcoming opinion piece in the january february issue of glass magazine, economist jeff dietrich discusses the recent fiscal cliff deal and its effects on the economy. a familiar face at glassbuild america, the senior analyst at itr economics knows our industry. his forecasts seem to always be right on the money. so that said, i will leave it to him to explain the ins and outs of the fiscal cliff deal and what it means for our country. for now, however, i had to share an analogy he references that compares the u.s. government's fiscal issues in terms of the family budget. fiscal cliff simplified - u.s. tax revenue: ,680,000,000,000 - fed budget: ,760,000,000,000 - new debt: ,080,000,000,000 - national debt: ,066,000,000,000 - annual sequestration cuts: 109,000,000,000 now, pretend it s a household budget - annual family income: ,800 - money the family spent: ,600 - new debt on the credit card: ,800 - outstanding credit card balance: - total budget cuts so far: . possible solutions: ask family members to invest in your future. believe that a percent raise next year will solve everything. apply for more credit cards. i'm neither an economist nor a politician, so i'm not taking sides on the issue. but if you'd like to weigh in on how the fiscal cliff deal will effect your business in , feel free to comment below. chase is editorial director of glass magazine, glassmagazine.com and e-glass weekly. write her at email
__label__math	0.5681	online weblog archive friday, on this page, where the the style of the little red square is declared as the style attribute of the div, the alert that pops up correctly displays the "top" attribute of the div's dom object. on this page, where the the style of the little red square is declared as a style, the alert that pops up is empty. i have never seen this problem before, where styles declared as an attribute are treated differently by the browser than styles declared in tags. does anybody out there have an explanation? thursday, the best way to combat the stereo-types that are developing is to be smarter about how we use flash. think about the problem that you are trying to solve before you open flash and start working. is flash the only solution for that problem? is flash the most effective solution? can you solve the problem with html? think about the work you do and remember that what you put on the web is not for you, but for your visitors soap will succeed where distributed component object model dcom and common object request broker architecture corba have failed because it is simple, internet-friendly, based on xml and is implementation-independent. the attacks are a sudden twist of fate for the protocol that over the past nine months has been hyped as the foundation of the next phase of wireless communications -- specifically, enabling the wireless web. wednesday, i really don't think it's a problem. i actually think it's quite useful. sometimes you want to bring the user out of their computer. like when playing a game or something. you want an experience that isn't distracted by excell spreadsheets or anything.who would argue with that? my own problem with full-screen sites is not that they are doing something they shouldn't do, but that they do not typically give adequate warning about what is going to happen. it breaks user expectations rather significantly to have all browser interface elements suddenly snatched away without warning, and i'm sure it creates a feeling of frustration in most users who are not aware of the keyboard shortcut to close a window. if you want to provide a full screen experience for users, i think you really need to explain how it works and how the user can exit.
__label__non_math	0.9996	connect to share and comment this will be ryanair's second tilt for aer lingus after the european commission blocked a bid. budget airline ryanair will be hoping for a little luck of the irish when it makes its second tilt for rival aer lingus. dublin-based ryanair said today it planned to make a 694 million euro .million cash bid for its irish rival, despite the european commission thwarting its offer, sky news reported. more from globalpost: aviation industry says eu 'risks trade war' over carbon tax according to a statement to the irish stock exchange, ryanair believes the circumstances have changed materially since then and there are now compelling reasons why this offer should be accepted. it cited consolidation within the industry, increased capacity at dublin airport and plans by the irish government to sell its percent stake in aer lingus. "ryanair believes that any competition concerns which the european commission may have can be addressed by ryanair making appropriate remedies prior to the completion of this offer and by significant synergies and cost efficiencies resulting from this combination," the airline said in a statement cited by reuters. ryanair, which already owns a .percent stake in aer lingus, could struggle to get the deal past the uk competition watchdog. bloomberg reported that the uk competition commission has launched an investigation into ryanair s minority stake in aer lingus after britain's office of fair trading ruled friday that it threatened competition in the british market. more from globalpost: low-cost airlines soar above network competitors, survey says
__label__non_math	0.9994	report korea economic aid l-only ryu kong at: intro: south korea says it is sending much more aid to poverty-stricken north korea this year than it did last year. v-o-a's alisha ryu reports that south korea has good reasons for wanting to increase donations. text: seoul's unification ministry says south korea's economic aid to north korea in the first half of this year totaled more than -million dollars - a percent increase from the same period last year. government contributions, mainly in the form of fertilizer and medical supplies, accounted for percent of the total amount sent. but the biggest jump in donations came from private citizens who contributed almost -million dollars worth of goods, reflecting an increase of 134 percent from last year's levels. years of political and economic isolation have left the communist north one of the most impoverished nations in the world. floods and drought in recent years crippled food production and the resulting famine is estimated to have killed as many as two- million people since . the government in seoul says the increasing aid reflects the easing of tensions on the peninsula, particularly after the leaders of the two koreas held their first successful summit last month. they say the much more affluent south is mobilizing out of concern for the needs of a neighbor who shares cultural, linguistic, and family ties with the south. but korea expert david o'rear believes the south is also motivated by self-interest. o'rear act think of it as a very large credit card debt. if you pay it off this week instead of next year, you save a lot of money. so, whatever assistance south korea can give north korea now is less than what it will have to pay in the future in the event that there is unification. end act south korea is currently the second biggest donor to north korea after the united states. the two koreas, however, still remain technically at war since the korean war ended in in an armed truce, without a peace treaty. signed neb hk ar jo jp -jul- edt -jul- utc nnnn
__label__non_math	1.0000	your privacy is important to us at global to do referred to as "we" or "us" in this policy and the purpose of this policy is to tell you what personal information we collect about you, how we use it, personal information means any information about you except your name, business title, business address, business e-mail address, business telephone number or business facsimile number. it also does not include your home address and telephone number if these are published in a telephone or other directory. we are responsible for the personal information under our control if you wish to contact us regarding the use of your information, you can do one of the following: what personal information do we collect? when you purchase an item from us we may collect some or all of the following personal information: - your name, address and telephone number - e-mail address and facsimile number - financial and credit information the security of your personal information is important to us. your personal information is used only for the purpose of assisting you in the purchase of an item or services through global to do globaltodo.com and is not sold or rented to any data gathering agency.
__label__non_math	0.9960	unjamming the jerusalem tel aviv highway as ambitious improvements begin on road this summer, expect congestion to get worse. this stretch of road, built in the late 1960s and early 1970s, is full of twists and turns, although the original intersections were closed and replaced with interchanges in the past decade. these twists and turns, including the infamous "death curve" at motza, as well as the steep inclines at the kastel and mevasseret zion, slow drivers to km h, even when there is little traffic on the road. ,000 vehicles, many of them heavy trucks, pass through shaar hagai every hour at peak times. minister of transport israel katz eased the congestion when he banned trucks from entering shaar hagai before , but this is only a temporary and very partial solution. a study by israel national roads company ltd. found that unless the four-lane road is widened, within years, the average travel time along the -kilometer stretch from shaar hagai to jerusalem's western entrance will take more than minutes - almost as long as the time needed to travel the entire kilometers from tel aviv to jerusalem when the road is clear. the widening and straightening of road is one of the roads company's key projects for the coming years. the estimated cost of the project is nis .billion, including widening the section from shaar hagai to shoresh to six lanes, and eliminating the motza bend with two parallel bridges that will directly connect to a tunnel beneath the harel interchange from the ein hemed interchange. these three-lane 800-meter bridges will span the motza valley and link up with the highway on the final incline into the city. the road goes through the mountain pass at shaar hagai will be flattened by raising the roadbed by eight meters to accommodate a third lane in each direction. when the work is completed, future travelers will wonder if the pictures taken of the two-lane road through bab el-wad shaar hagai in arabic during the war of independence are of the same place. the road project is due to be completed in , and the roads company will carry out the work simultaneously along the entire section from shaar hagai to jerusalem. the roads company is breaking its head to come up with solutions to ease the ensuing congestion during construction, but admit that during the height of the work, in , drives would be wise to avoid road altogether. the ein hemed interchange, between harel and shoresh, will also be rebuilt, with the road bed raised to the level of the overpass. traffic to abu ghosh, beit nekufa, and kiryat anavim will be use an underpass, and the area's remaining wildlife will get an underpass of its own in the form of an ecological transit at neve ilan. the roads company is now completing the land expropriations in the shaar hagai area, and the work is due to begin in late august or early september. road administration chief david landsman expects only light disruption during the first year, because the work will be along the shoulders of the present road, and on the mountain slopes above it. the work will be round-the-clock, and the roads company promises to keep two lanes open each way throughout the construction period. "i promise to keep the road open," landsman told "globes". "but i cannot promise that the present traffic speed will be maintained." the roads company is especially perturbed by the work's effect on the average israeli driver. "drivers tend to hit the brakes when they see roadwork, even when it's far from the road itself," says a company source. "we don t know why this is, curiosity or something else, but the result of this instinct to hit the brakes can be felt kilometers back down the road." over the past few months, the roads company has been examining solutions to ease the expected congestion. the traffic planning consultancy firm hired has not yet completed its work, which included examining all the alternative routes to road . the results were not encouraging. only road 443, between the shemen interchange with road , past modi'in, and to northern jerusalem can serve as an alternative to road . the roads company is examining with the ministry of defense about stationing more troops at the checkpoints on road 443 where it enters the west bank. another option is to widen road 443 to boost its capacity. another idea is to add public transport to jerusalem, with buses between the city and the park and ride lot at shappirim interchange, which currently serves the tel aviv fast toll lane. in the end however, roads authority general manager shai baras is seeking to lower expectations. "if anyone has a patent to carry out work on this scale on such a primary traffic artery without causing congestion, i'll buy it today," he says. published by globes online , israel business news - - on - tel aviv market report - tel aviv stock exchange - israeli stocks in ny - arbitrage gaps for dual-listed stocks - israeli stocks in europe - israeli stocks on other markets - tel aviv options - mutual funds - current representative shekel rates - historical representative shekel rates - bank shekel rates - shekel dollar options
__label__non_math	1.0000	realshare video: technically, this isn't a recession new york city-while we aren't technically in a recession right now, the economy is certainly stagnant, says globest.com thought leader and streetsmart blogger hessam nadji. the managing director of research and advisory services at marcus millichap spoke with globest.com's john salustri at the recent realshare new york conference. they also talked about: - how the political standstill is impacting businesses. - the possibility of another "lehman moment." - problems in the european financial sector. - the surprising success of retail sales and corporate profits. - how the us is a safer haven for commercial real estate acquisitions than other locales. start each day with globest.com's new york am alert for original coverage of the latest transactions and trends shaping the commercial real estate industry. sign up today
__label__non_math	1.0000	england sevens coach ben ryan today friday announced his man squad, including gloucester centre jack adams, who will represent england at the forthcoming irb world seven series tournament in dubai. according to ryan, the squad is a combination of young talent and experience with lots of potential. players such as sale sharks' andy vilk and ben foden and powerful gloucester centre jack adams are all experienced sevens players. for andy this will be his third appearance at the dubai tournament and his first as captain. young emerging talent, matt banahan, antony elliott, tom youngs, joe simpson and liam gibson will be keen to show off their skills and earn their first england caps. with players like david strettle, james haskell and nick abendanon now holding england senior honours after being noticed in last seasons tournament, it's a very exciting time for this squad, if these young players can perform and impress they have every chance of following in their predecessors' footsteps. ben ryan said, "this seasons squad will start as underdogs against the top four sides in the world series. new and unproven, the squad has players with immense potential to move through into the very top of the senior game.. it's time now for these players who have been identified as having this to step up and put potential into actual. it's a hugely exciting time." dubai man squad: jack adams gloucester rugby matthew banahan bath rugby john brake northampton saints isoa damudamu newbury blues antony elliot newcastle falcons ben foden sale sharks liam gibson plymouth albion tom guest harlequins simon hunt ebbw vale joe simpson london wasps andy vilk, captain sale sharks tom youngs leicester tigers gloucester rugby ceo stephen vaughan was delighted to introduce adey professional heating solutions as the club's new main sponsor this week. he spoke to the club website about the exciting new partnership. although understandably disappointed following the -defeat at exeter, freddie burns thought that both teams fully contributed to a great spectacle but that a couple of refereeing decisions were key to the outcome. gloucester's final game of the season ended in a narrow defeat in a pulsating encounter at the exeter chiefs. the cherry and whites went down -, as gareth steenson's dramatic late penalty meant that the end of director of rugby nigel davies' first season in charge ended in defeat. davies spoke to the official website in the devon sunshine. dave lewis was in a tough situation on saturday afternoon - playing for gloucester against the side he will join next season, exeter chiefs. at the final whistle though, lewis was simply disappointed to have lost the game. tongan second row lua lokotui is looking forward to catching up with some old acquaintances at sandy park when gloucester take on exeter chiefs on saturday afternoon, as he and his team mates hope to finish the season on a high note. during a break from training ahead of saturday's aviva premiership fixture at exeter, centre henry trinder hopes that gloucester build on the momentum from the recent win over saracens, and expressed frustration that he's hitting form as the season end approaches after missing time due to injury. gloucester rugby may have already clinched their heineken cup spot for , but director of rugby nigel davies stressed this week that it's important for gloucester to finish their season on a positive note at exeter on saturday. gloucester rugby ceo stephen vaughan spoke to the official site this afternoon after he revealed the great news that kingsholm stadium was to play host to pool matches of the rugby world cup . he spoke of how much it means to the club as a whole and that all the hard work put in with gloucester's bid had been rewarded. on an exciting day for both gloucester rugby and the city, the cherry and whites' own world cup winner jimmy cowan spoke to the official site expressing his delight that kingsholm had been chosen as a host city and venue for the rugby world cup . anyone who has visited kingsholm stadium in the past couple of weeks will have noticed that the pitch isn't quite looking as it normally does. stadium manager dave balmer explained what work is currently taking place.
__label__non_math	0.9921	noaa's regional office has affirmed the agency's decision to impose a two-month closure on gillnet fishing in the gulf of maine beginning oct. due to what officials say are unacceptable levels of harbor porpoise bycatch that, to the government, showed lack of compliance with a requirement that nets be equipped with functioning "pingers." the closed area encompasses about ,130 square miles of prime fishing grounds north, west and south of gloucester. pingers, which are placed in fishermen's nets, send an audible signal designed to scare away the porpoises. the decision to stick with the closure announced last spring came in the form of a rejection of an alternative proposal. presented last summer by the gloucester-based northeast seafood coalition, the region's largest industry group, the alternative would have reduced the length of the closure and the size of the area being closed; it also would have shifted the closure from october and november to the second half of march and april. the decision to stand by the closures marks the first major science- and law-based action by john bullard, who just weeks ago took over as northeast regional administrator. since his appointment in mid-summer, bullard, a former mayor of new bedford, has been on an introductory and opinion-and-fact-gathering tour of the states from maine through north carolina, whose federal waters are governed by the national oceanic and atmospheric administration's northeast offices in gloucester's blackburn industrial park. in a letter last thursday to jackie odell, the seafood coalition's executive director, bullard wrote that he had asked the acting administrator of fisheries, sam rauth, to have the harbor porpoise protection problem delegated to him; since then, bullard said, he directed his staff to see if there was a way to protect harbor seals that "could justify" modifying the "consequence" closing. bullard rejected the proposed alternative proposed by the coalition, writing that switching to the coalition alternative offered fishermen or the harbor porpoises little to gain. moreover, he warned in his letter to odell, a recent harbor porpoise stock assessment showed the "population has declined," implying that more radical actions than the "consequence" closure would be expected. the term derives from the harbor seal management plan and indicates a carrot-stick approach to protecting harbor porpoises as required in the u.s. marine mammal protection act. "the consequence closure area strategy gave gillnetters control of their own fate," bullard wrote to odell. "fishermen on the harbor porpoise take reduction team accepted this as a challenge they could meet. "environmentalists on the team accepted it instead of an immediate closure of a smaller area. unfortunately, during the past two years, fishermen in the gulf of maine did not fully respond to the compliance challenge," bullard wrote. richard burgess, who owns a multi-boat gillinetting business, disputed the assertion that the gloucester-based gillnetters failed to utilize the pingers, while paul "sasquatch" cohan, another gloucester-based gillnetter, said losing the inshore grounds in october and november cannot be obviated by fishing in open months, due to the dearth of equally valued fish. cohan said he found insulting the suggestion by bullard that, if they chose not to fish, gillnetters could lease out their quota. such a business decision would produce a small fraction of the revenue of fishing one's own quota, he said. "the analysis provided in the environmental assessment supporting the amendment to the take reduction plan shows that if fishermen use the appropriate number of fully functional pinger the harbor porpoise takes would stay below total allowable catch equivalent for porpoises," said david gouveia, a member of the take reduction team. "if takes continue to occur at this high rate," gouveia added, "the 'consequence' closure will likely be the back story as more measures to reduce harbor porpoise bycatch will likely take the front page." that will likely be the focal point, he said of a take reduction team meeting in october. in the initial announcement the gulf of maine closure, noaa's protected resource division said, "we have determined that the bycatch rate for the coastal gulf of maine consequence closure area has exceeded the target rate" for harbor porpoise mortality of one per ,117 pounds of fish. richard gaines can be reached at 978-283-, x3464, or at firstname.lastname but the "bycatch rate was so high in the first year of monitoring that the two-year average cannot be reduced below the target bycatch rate for this area, even if no harbor porpoises are observed being caught in year two ," the noaa statement said. the two-year bycatch rate for porpoises in the coastal gulf of maine consequence area was set at .031 porpoises per metric ton of fish landed, and in the first year the bycatch rate was reported to be .078. in contrast, gillnet boats working in the east and south of cape cod did no exceed the limits: pinger compliance was percent, and the one-year by catch rate was .012 porpoises per metric ton of fish. the target rate for the cape cod region was .023 porpoises per metric ton of fish. a harbor porpoise take reduction team made up of industry, environmental group representatives, the new england and mid-atlantic regional fishery management councils, gear researchers and state and regional management organizations wrote the plan, required by the marine mammal protection act, to drive down losses to a statistical zero. before management began in , there were about ,500 porpoise deaths a year from fishing gear, but the number fell to near zero for the first five years of regulation, before fatalities began trending upward again in , which was when pinger compliance efforts were increased, said noaa spokeswoman maggie mooney-seus. government officials said they saw a cause and effect relationship between pingers and porpoise bycatch levels.
__label__non_math	0.9989	having lived in wilmington for years, i had almost forgotten how beautiful autumn can be. on the way to the grocery store this morning, i spied this beauty at the end of our driveway: at the grocery store, i purchased the items needed for this week s menu": funnily enough, it s only day one and we re already off schedule but for a good reason since i was off today, i decided to try a recipe in the new issue of: this cute little recipe book that pillsbury publishes. the recipe that caught my eye: i can t post the recipe because i didn t change many items. but if you re a cookie lover, i highly recommend purchasing this publication. i left the ginger powder out of my batch and substituted the all-purpose flour with 365 gluten free all purpose baking mix. the ingredients are pretty simple: crystallized ginger : sweet and spicy most gluten free cookie dough comes out super sticky, but this was a very pliable dough. the cookies cooked great, and i was pleased with each batch. but let me tell you the best part. browned butter icing is the best icing i have ever tasted. ever. super easy to make and absolutely scrumptious little bites of autumn and heaven i made an extra batch to take to the birthday girl. : however, the icing on top of today was an autumn walk parrish and i took complete with fall inspired flannel: and a crisp redbridge max was more than a little excited i m off to clean the kitchen quickly so we can head out to see the birthday girl don t forget to enter into the first giveaway of the week
__label__non_math	0.9999	we are pleased to annouce that you can now find some of our products in and around the pittsburgh metropolitan area. look for us in... look for our cookies, brownies, and gobs in the cafe in the lobby in addition to providing safely prepared gluten-free food for all, the museum has decided to add gluuteny to their dessert options pick up a variety of dry baking mixes from their grocery section now carrying an assortment of our desserts look for our baking mixes in the baking aisle, fresh cookies and brownies on the shelves by the registers, and cupcakes, bread, pizza pockets and pesto pockets in the freezer section we deliver fresh baked goodies every tuesday and friday around noon. you can find fresh cookies, quickbreads, cupcakes, tarts, sliced bread, and pizza crusts. if you miss us on those days, check the freezer section for some freshly frozen products. we are also happy to take your cake orders and have them delivered to soergels for pickup as long as it is a delivery day. soergels also carries every one of our dry mixes. the bakery square 412-362- , shadyside 412-621- , and fox chapel 412-782- locations always have our chocolate chip, cranberry walnut, and double chocolate chip cookies in stock. we have partnered with lucci's pizza right accross the street and down the block from gluuteny to bring fresh, gluten-free pizzas to the community. you may be thinking, "but gluuteny, don't you already make your own pizzas? why sell the crusts to a competitor right accross the street?" the answer is that our pizzas are also soy free, dairy free, and vegan. so, if you want a gf pizza with real cheese and all the meaty toppings, lucci's is the place to go. they also have a dining area and serve gf beer to go along with your pizza if you are a part of the cmu community, look for our chocolate chip cookies, cranberry walnut cookies, double chocolate chip cookies, brownies, baking mixes, and white or flax buns on campus. don't hesitate to order a hamburger if you are gluten free, simply ask for it on a gluuteny bun look for our cookies, biscotti, brownies, coffee cakes, and bread on campus the ambridge location carries a limited selection of baked goods and mixes. contact them for details on the current variety or to make a special request. 724-266- the pittsburgh east liberty and wexford locations carry our basic flour, brownie mix, pumpkin loaf mix, pizza dough mix, apple strudel cake mix, and pie crust mix. the cranberry location carries the entire line of gluuteny baking mixes and a variety of baked goods in the freezer next to the bakery. all four of the pittsburgh market districts shadyside, south hills village, robinson towne center, and pine township carry gluuteny's basic flour, apple strudel cake mix, brownie mix, chocolate chip cookie mix, pie crust mix, pizza dough mix, pumpkin bread mix, and sugar cookie mix. located in the south hills where castle shannon blvd and rt connect. they carry a limited variety of gluuteny's baking mixes. contact them for a list of what is currently in stock at 412-344-. the locations in monroeville and adam's township carry a limited selection of gluuteny baking mixes. contact them for a list of what is currently in stock. adam's 724-779- monroeville 412-858- located in the oakmont, today's market carries a limited selection of gluuteny baking mixes. contact them for a list of what is currently in stock. 412-828- pick up a gluten free snack while sipping on the best freshly steeped tea in the city or coffee . sure, they're right accross the street from us, but what if we are closed? te cafe is open late ; 412-422- pick up a variety of dry baking mixes and cookies from their grocery section we are now working with wheel deliver to get our cakes, platters, and other baked goods delivered right to your door. there is a flat delivery charge of . you can arrange the details and complete the entire transaction over the phone by calling gluuteny 412-521-. wheel deliver only goes to certain areas in the city, so please check with us first to make sure that we can have our goodies delivered to your home
__label__non_math	0.9485	understanding fall protection gme supply distributes a complete line of fall protection equipment by the world's premier manufacturers. to ensure your complete satisfaction, we only distribute the best technology and equipment available. our lines include dbi sala, protecta, elk river, petzl, klein tools, falltech, pmi, ergodyne, fox outdoor, pip industrial, liftex, towerplex, miller, tractel, and many more. each item we represent is inspected at various stages to ensure the highest quality and reliability. your guide to industry terms definitions the ideal method of fall prevention would be to eliminate all fall hazards from the workplace. however, this is seldom possible. since many fall hazards can not be eliminated, it is important to identify potential hazards before beginning a project. whenever the possibility for a fall exists, a fall protection system must be used to ensure the safety of the workers. personal fall protection equipment is divided into two broad categories: fall prevention fp equipment and fall arrest fa equipment. workers must be provided with personal protection equipment appropriate to the application for which it is to be used. the term "personal" is used because the individual wearer is an integral part of the system and must be thoroughly trained in the proper use of the personal protection equipment. many of our products may also be used in positioning po , suspension su , or retrieval rt applications. fall prevention fp may be accomplished either by eliminating the fall hazard or by using a tether system. the concept of a tether system is to prevent the worker from reaching a point where a fall can occur. the fall prevention system must be designed with extreme care because all possible hazards must be considered. an example of multiple fall hazards would be roof work where at least two edges present fall hazards. many products may be used as part of a tether system, and these are indicated by the fall prevention fp symbol. fall arrest fa is the least desirable method of fall protection, but it can quickly become the only available option. despite all efforts to eliminate hazards and prevent falls, workplace falls continue to occur. to save lives and minimize injuries, we must be prepared with both the proper equipment and adequate training. a personal fall arrest fa system is required when working at heights of more than six feet. products rated for fall arrest are identified by the fall arrest fa symbol. positioning po products are designed to hold a worker in a safe working position while allowing free use of both hands. if the work is more than six feet above the surface a personal fall protection system designed for fall arrest fa may also be required. products that may be used for positioning applications are indicated by the positioning po symbol. suspension su products are designed to suspend the worker to allow him to perform such work tasks as window washing, exterior building maintenance, emergency rescue and bridge work. products suitable for suspension are highlighted by the suspension su symbol. note: most suspension su situations will also require a fall arrest fa system. retrieval rt products are designed to permit the worker to enter an otherwise unreachable area, such as a confined space or to assist in rescuing an injured or trapped person. where these hazards exist, osha requires that both a rescue plan and a confined space plan be in place before work begins. products suitable for confined space and or retrieval are marked by the retrieval rt symbol. ladder climbing lc harnesses are equipped with a front d-ring that provides an attachment point to be used with either a rail or cable climbing system. rail or cable climbing systems are found on fixed ladders, communication towers, electrical distribution towers and poles, and other structures. harnesses that may be used with a climbing system are indicated by the ladder climbing lc symbol. personal fall protection equipment: whether used for fall prevention fp , fall arrest fa , positioning po , suspension su , or retrieval rt , all fall protection systems consist of several essential components including an anchorage point, a connecting device, and appropriate body wear such as a full body harness, waist belt, or tree saddle. harness: the basic component of any personal fall protection system is a full body harness designed to permit the wearer freedom of movement as well as providing sufficient strength to arrest the most severe fall safely. technology now allows us to design and manufacture a full body harness that is extremely strong, yet so lightweight, comfortable, and easy to adjust that the wearer is barely aware of the unit. glen martin offers a complete line of full body harnesses, which continue to include the standard models as well as the latest innovations. anchorage: anchorage is defined by osha as "a secure point of attachment for lifelines, lanyards, or deceleration devices," and osha subpart m, states that "anchorages used for attachment of fall arrest equipment shall be independent of any anchorage being used to support or suspend platforms and capable of supporting at least ,000 pounds .kn per employee attached, or shall be designed, installed, and used as follows: i as part of a complete personal fall arrest system which maintains a safety factor of at least two; and ii under the supervision of a qualified person." connecting device: between the harness and the anchorage, a connecting device is required. elk river manufacturers a variety of quality connecting devices including several variations of zorber shock-absorbing lanyards. selection of the proper connecting device is determined by the specific job site and job requirements. designing a fall protection system: the following generally accepted elements of fall arrest must be considered in designing a fall protection system: at gme supply, we make every effort to provide the very best quality fall protection equipment, but it is designed to be used only by trained workers. it is the employer's responsibility to provide his employees with both the proper fall protection equipment and sufficient training to wear and use the equipment safely. if you have any questions about the proper use of our complete line of fall protection equipment, please feel free to call us. our lines include dbi sala, protecta, elk river, petzl, msa, klein, msa, miller, tractel, and many more.
__label__non_math	1.0000	we are dedicated to providing service to our customers worldwide, with quality oem imaging supplies at discount prices. wonderful experience with your company in the last two weeks. the web site was easy to navigate, the prices were great and your customer service was exceptional. everyone was friendly, knowledgeable and product arrived quickly. when i received a factory sealed package that was missing an item i was pleasantly surprised by the ease to exchange the product. i have already ordered products twice this month from you and plan to be a repeat customer. thanks again for the great service. didn't keep an eye on my levels of toner and i almost ran out - gms was a life saver it was delivered on time. thank you. compro na gms h mais de ano, produtos de qualidade, entrega super rapida e valores para nos tornar competitivos note: by using this site, you agree to abide by our site user terms and conditions.
__label__non_math	0.9998	about phil vecchione a gamer for years, phil cut his teeth on moldvay d d and has tried to run everything else since then. he has had the fortune to be gaming with the same group for almost years. when not blogging or writing rpg books, phil is a husband, father, and project manager. more about phil.
__label__math	0.9995	killing emacs means ending the execution of the emacs process. if you started emacs from a terminal, the parent process normally resumes control. the low-level primitive for killing emacs is this command calls the hook kill-emacs-hook, then exits the emacs process and kills it. if exit-data is an integer, that is used as the exit status of the emacs process. this is useful primarily in batch operation; see batch mode. if exit-data is a string, its contents are stuffed into the terminal input buffer so that the shell or whatever program next reads input can read them. kill-emacs function is normally called via the higher-level command c-x c-c save-buffers-kill-terminal . see exiting. it is also called automatically if emacs receives a sighup operating system signal e.g., when the controlling terminal is disconnected , or if it receives a sigint signal while running in batch mode see batch mode . this normal hook is run by kill-emacs, before it kills emacs. kill-emacscan be called in situations where user interaction is impossible e.g., when the terminal is disconnected , functions on this hook should not attempt to interact with the user. if you want to interact with the user when emacs is shutting down, use kill-emacs-query-functions, described below. when emacs is killed, all the information in the emacs process, aside from files that have been saved, is lost. because killing emacs inadvertently can lose a lot of work, the save-buffers-kill-terminal command queries for confirmation if you have buffers that need saving or subprocesses that are running. it also runs the abnormal hook save-buffers-kill-terminalis killing emacs, it calls the functions in this hook, after asking the standard questions and before calling kill-emacs. the functions are called in order of appearance, with no arguments. each function can ask for additional confirmation from the user. if any of them returns save-buffers-kill-emacsdoes not kill emacs, and does not run the remaining functions in this hook. calling kill-emacsdirectly does not run this hook.
__label__non_math	1.0000	new book: gnucash .small business accounting the gnucash development team received notice about a new book published by packtpub, uk: this is a beginner's guide for managing your accounts. our own developer christian stimming has been contributing to this book as a reviewer, and we can wholeheartly recommend the outcome of this fruitful collaboration. feel free to have a look at this book over at packtpub.com, and, best of all, the publisher has committed to allocate some percentage of the book sales back to the gnucash project. have fun with this book
__label__non_math	1.0000	welcome to gomontrealliving.com our city has an international reputation for excellent dining. you can find anything you want and it's a great place to try something new imagine just for a moment being treated like royalty, close your eyes, sit back and you're there. pamper yourself for business or pleasure at the very best hotels montreal has to offer. with over 800 hotels to choose from, montreal hotels are not short on variety - ranging from youth hostels, -star montreal luxury hotels, montreal b bs, to the most modern montreal boutique hotels offering cutting edge style and high-end amenities. montreal quebec is a unique and fascinating city offering exciting entertainment and cultural diversity. a place where people from all around the globe come together to enjoy a canadian city with a european flair. an island set along the almighty st. lawrence river, montreal is known as the city built around a mountain. enjoy our spectacular views from the mountain lookout, when on a clear day you can see forever. the second-largest city in canada, montreal has a long history of nightlife. montreal nightlife has been a long part of montreal culture, in the days of prohibition americans would travel to the city to drink at the most popular montreal nightlife spots in the city. the montreal nightlife scene is world famous for the province's low drinking age of years old. today, montreal nightlife continues to draw tourists and locals alike looking for the best clubs and bars. old montreal s hotel nelligan was the traveller s choice award winner, and for good reason. this luxury hotel envelops you in old world european charm from the moment you step inside its front doors. the stone and brick walls much of which is original structure from circa are engraved with verses from mile nelligan, one of quebec s greatest poets a romantic legend. read more...
__label__non_math	0.9995	gobros.com is an online store carrying solid, dependable gear from top brands like carhartt, thorlo, smartwool, mcdavid, marmot, outdoor research and wigwam. we pride ourselves on top-notch customer service and are a leading provider of online socks. we also carry men's jackets, men s pants, men s baselayers, an assortment of braces ankle braces, knee braces, wrist braces and other gear that helps you to be great outdoors. we do not sell beef jerky, but think it is a tasty accompaniment to any adventure. thanks for visiting our site and we hope you find the gear you re looking for.
__label__non_math	0.9061	durham, n.c. - the louisville baseball program received its highest ranking in school history on thursday as the cardinals were tabbed at no. in the baseball america preseason top . the baseball america ranking was two spots better than louisville's previous best ever ranking of no. following the cardinals' college world series appearance in . louisville's previous best preseason ranking was no. in by collegiate baseball newspaper. in its final analysis of the cardinals, baseball america had this to say about louisville in : "the cardinals reached a regional final at eventual national champion arizona last year, and anything short of their first trip to omaha since will be a disappointment this spring. this team is a legitimate championship contender." with the release on thursday of the baseball america poll and the usa today preseason coaches' poll, which had uofl ranked at no. overall, the cardinals are ranked in each of the first four major preseason national polls announced for . louisville is also ranked no. by perfect game and no. by collegiate baseball newspaper. future acc foe north carolina sits atop the baseball america poll, while arkansas is no. in the usa today coaches' poll. louisville, which won its third big east regular season title in the last four seasons in , is led in by the return of seven of its school record all-big east performers from last season, including second team outfielders adam engel and cole sturgeon. most of the cardinals' pitching staff returns for , led by all-big east right-hander jeff thompson as well as big east rookie of the year and freshman all-american righty jared ruxer. overall, louisville returns letterwinners from the team, which finished -and advanced to an ncaa regional for the fifth time in six seasons. in his six previous seasons leading the cardinals, mcdonnell is 258-122 with three big east regular-season titles, two big east tournament titles, two ncaa super regional appearances and one college world series berth. louisville will open the season on friday, feb. against indiana p.m., et in dunedin, fla., at the big east big ten challenge. the cardinals' -game home slate at the newly expanded jim patterson stadium is set to open on wednesday, feb. at p.m., et against eastern kentucky. fans can follow louisville baseball on twitter at and on facebook at baseball america preseason top rank school - final record rank . north carolina - - . vanderbilt - - nr . arkansas - - . louisville - - nr . mississippi state - - . oregon state - - . south carolina - - . north carolina state - - . stanford - - . lsu - - . kentucky - - . ucla - - . mississippi - - nr . tcu - - . oregon - - . georgia tech - - nr . florida - - . rice - - . oklahoma - - . florida state - - . new mexico - - nr . cal state fullerton - - . southern mississippi - - nr . arizona - - . san diego - - nr
__label__non_math	1.0000	all football single game tickets on sale now tickets are now on sale for all columbia football games, including homecoming at lawrence a. wien stadium this is your chance to experience the new beginning for columbia football as new head coach pete mangurian brings his impressive nfl and ncaa coaching resume to the lions. the season promises to be historic columbia football season tickets are still on sale - order your tickets now columbia football season ticket prices premium chairback reserved bench
__label__non_math	1.0000	the mission of the office of neighborhood services is to improve the quality of life for columbia s residents through fairly and swiftly enforcing city codes related to residential life and build a sense of community by offering valuable volunteer opportunities, providing resources for neighborhood leaders to solve issues independently and managing donations to support our community. the office of neighborhood services is part of the city of columbia's community development department and focuses on addressing code enforcement issues, strengthening neighborhoods and teaming those efforts with volunteers. please follow the links below for more information. contact the office of neighborhood services at 573 817- or neighborhood with our office can be made at the service center on the third floor of city hall, 701 e. broadway. we are in the historic daniel boone building.
__label__non_math	1.0000	register for a free gocomics account and get this plus any other comic strip delivered to your personalized comic page, daily. with a free account you will be able to build a comic page filled with the comics you want to see each day. with the largest collection of comics and editorial cartoons online there is plenty to choose from. upgrade to a gocomics pro account only . month and have unlimited archive access to decades of comics. andertoons are cartoonist mark anderson s single frame glimpses into the witty and slightly askew lives of hapless professionals, chatty animals, pop culture icons and more occasionally in the same cartoon . the wall street journal, reader s digest, us airways, gm, good housekeeping, walgreens and many more have shared anderson s cartoons with their readers and clients. now available to punch up presentations, newsletters or anything else that could use a little levity and a good laugh, find out more at
__label__non_math	1.0000	register for a free gocomics account and get this plus any other comic strip delivered to your personalized comic page, daily. with a free account you will be able to build a comic page filled with the comics you want to see each day. with the largest collection of comics and editorial cartoons online there is plenty to choose from. upgrade to a gocomics pro account only . month and have unlimited archive access to decades of comics. born in in little rock, deering has been drawing since his childhood fascination with science fiction and dinosaurs -- subjects he made into comic books. after studying art with truman alston, deering focused on commercial and fine art at the university of arkansas at little rock. along the way, he found his strength in interlocking art with comment
__label__non_math	0.9960	register for a free gocomics account and get this plus any other comic strip delivered to your personalized comic page, daily. with a free account you will be able to build a comic page filled with the comics you want to see each day. with the largest collection of comics and editorial cartoons online there is plenty to choose from. upgrade to a gocomics pro account only . month and have unlimited archive access to decades of comics. clever and unpredictable, ariail skewers politicians on both sides of the ideological fence with award-winning cartoons drawn for the spartanburg, s.c., herald-journal. a celebrated artist, ariail is a two-time pulitzer prize finalist and and was recently named the winner of the clifford k. and james t. berryman award for editorial cartoons, presented by the national press foundation.
__label__non_math	0.9572	courtesy: duke sports information : very experienced tight end ... listed second on the depth chart ... duke s most physical offensive end ... extremely versatile ... pairs with brett huffman to provide the blue devils with two fifth-year senior tight ends that have combined for catches, 633 yards and nine tds ... career totals include receptions for 292 yards and five tds ... touchdown reception total ranks tied for eighth on duke s career list for tight ends ... has played in career games with four starts ... on the gridiron for 802 career snaps. : played in all games ... caught nine passes for 162 yards and one td ... averaged .yards per reception ... lone td of the year covered yards against virginia tech ... finished with season-bests of three catches and yards versus the hokies ... carried the ball three times for eight yards on the year ... played 318 snaps including 255 offensive plays. : did not see game action after suffering a season-ending injury prior to the season. : played in all games with four starts ... third on the team with four td receptions ... completed the season with receptions for yards ... four tds on just catches marked the third-highest touchdown per catch average .400 in the country ... caught a six-yard scoring pass in the season-opener against connecticut ... scored on a seven-yard touchdown reception at northwestern ... posted longest catch of the year against virginia tech, a -yard touchdown grab to finish with two receptions for yards ... fourth touchdown of the year came on a three-yard pass at florida state ... on the field for 320 total snaps including 283 offensive plays. : played in games, missing the miami and vanderbilt contests ... caught seven passes for yards ... posted season-highs with four receptions for yards versus north carolina ... on the field for 164 total snaps. prior to duke: three-year letterman at c.b. west high school under coaches randy cuthbert and chris felton ... all-america selection by prepstar magazine ... listed as the second-best fullback in the nation by rivals.com and the 36th-top overall running back by scout.com ... also tabbed as the 16th-best overall prospect in pennsylvania by rivals.com ... charted as the third-top fullback in the nation by espn.com ... as a senior, rushed 113 times for 621 yards and seven tds and earned all-league honors ... in junior season, rushed for 651 yards and nine tds on attempts as team went -and advanced to the state playoffs ... rushed 126 times for 625 yards and three tds as a sophomore ... finished career with ,897 yards and tds ... also participated in basketball ... cuthbert, a c.b. west graduate, was a standout running back at duke from , earning all-acc honors in as the blue devils won the acc championship and he currently ranks third on duke s all-time rushing list with ,771 career yards. personal: son of charles and linda king ... born ... majoring in sociology.
__label__non_math	0.9999	eagles survive scare from eastern oregon for -win sophomore rodney stuckey had the ninth -point outing of his career and senior derek risper added a double-double as eastern washington held off eastern oregon -in a non-conference collegiate basketball game wednesday nov. at reese court in cheney, wash. the eagles opened a -point lead in the second half but had to bring back its starters down the stretch when the mountaineers pulled to within six points with to play. eastern washington, which didn't make a field goal in the last of the game, clinched the win with six free throws in the last two minutes. the ncaa division i eagles are now -, while the mountaineers are -. eastern oregon, a naia division ii opponent from lagrande, ore., had won its first seven games of the season for its best start in school history under head coach ryan looney. "i'm happy that we won the game," said eagle head coach mike burns. "we have to tip our hats to coach looney and his team for playing like a team that deserved to be in that game. and they were up until the end. eastern oregon is a good basketball team and they proved that with their hard play." stuckey scored points to lead the eagles in scoring for the 34th-straight game. he wasn't supposed to get a chance at his ninth -point game in career games when he went to the bench late with the game seemingly in control. but he had to return as the mountaineers rallied, and drained four free throws in the last seconds to finish -of-from the line. this week's big sky conference player of the week, stuckey made -of-shots from the field and added seven assists, six steals and five rebounds in minutes of action. risper scored points and had a career-high rebounds as four eagles scored in double figures. omar krayem added and senior paul butorac chipped in points, six rebounds and a pair of blocked shots. tanner mcintosh led eastern oregon with points and eight rebounds and derek brown scored with four rebounds and three steals. paul carollo had points and jeremy templeton scored with five assists. brown and templeton are both from spokane. "when we play with focus we can be really good, but when we lose that focus we're not very good," said burns. "that being said, all respect goes out to coach looney and those spokane kids -- derek brown and jeremy templeton -- for coming out and playing a heckuva game in front of their friends and family." eastern washington trailed early by seven at -, but the eagles went on a -run to close the first half and lead -at halftime. a -run to open the second half gave ewu a -advantage. eastern washington eventually built that lead to -and led -on a basket by brandon moore with left as ewu began to pull its starters. but the eagles had seven turnovers in a stretch of just over four minutes to allow the mountaineers back in the game. a basket by brown with to play pulled them to within -before ewu held on for the win. wednesday's game concluded a stretch of three games in six nights for ewu. the eagles now head on the road for four-straight games, starting sunday dec. afternoon at cal state northridge. "the four-game road trip will be tough," said burns. "we have played a lot of games in a short period of time and we will continue to do that through sunday. so again, the focus is something we will need on the road. if you want to win on the road you have to play better than the other team in terms of execution, effort, and focus. we will need that against cal state northridge." the matadors are -, and average .points per game while allowing .. they also force more than turnovers per game but average nearly themselves. on nov. , the matadors beat college of the redlands 159-. "cal state northridge is a very athletic, talented team that has played great basketball so far this season.," added burns. "they have a good shot at contending for the big west title. coach braswell is a great coach and he will have them ready to play on their home court, which they defend very well. we will have to put our best foot forward on sunday if we want to walk out with a win." the eagles entered wednesday's game coming off a 110-100 shootout victory over cal state fullerton. eastern's 110 points was the 13th-most in school history and the third-most versus a ncaa division i opponent. the only other times eastern scored more versus a d-i opponent were both against u.s. international 118-on and 116-on . the combined 210 points made it the fifth-highest scoring game in school history. the record was 225 in a 118-107 loss to carroll college on . versus cal state fullerton, stuckey led eastern in scoring for the 33rd-straight game and added nine assists and five steals. however, he was just -of-from the field while the rest of his teammates made -of-for percent. as a team, eastern shot a blistering percent from the field as six players scored in double figures.
__label__non_math	0.9925	where is it? scott park is located north of west sixth street in millcreek township, just east of peninsula drive. what's the story? with its peaceful trails and the lake shore bmx track, scott park is a tribute to one of erie's most notable figures. william l. scott, born in washington, d.c., in , became one of the wealthiest businessmen in erie. he was a coal baron, railroad tycoon, erie's mayor for two terms starting in , and a u.s. congressman from to . historical property records show w.l. scott owned a portion of the land where scott park is now located. the land near the peninsula -- some of the nearly ,000 acres scott owned in erie county -- was known as algeria farm. scott relocated to newport, r.i., after becoming ill, and he died there in . he is buried at erie cemetery. -- lindsey poisson
__label__non_math	1.0000	charlotte, n.c. - the pfeiffer university swim teams broke a total of seven school records each finishing seventh overall in wingate's annual fall frenzy held over the weekend at mcac. kate galichenko and matt burns would take home victories in "b" finals while both also got in on the drowning of the school record books. the three-day weekend meet started with galichenko taking home her individual victory in the "b" final of the 200 individual medley. later in the day, george moreno finished 11th overall in the freestyle breaking his own school record. on saturday, galichenko began saturday finishing 6th in the 400 im setting a new school record before daliya spasova came within .seconds away from a new top mark concluding 10th in the 100 fly. andrew corley would finish 12th in the same event while burns broke his own school-record twice in the prelims and finals of the 100 breaststroke. the lady falcons 800 free relay team of galichenko, hannah finkernagel, mary rudolph and spasova ended day two with a new school relay record. the demolition of the record books continued on sunday as finkernagel broke the ,000 free record on an official split time within the ,650, then proceeded to break the ,650 record by more than seconds. grant smith would conclude 11th overall in the men's ,650 before burns won the "b" final in the 200 breast after nick insley wrapped up the 200 backstroke in 11th. spasova and corley wrapped up the weekend with 12th place finishes in the 200 fly. with an excellent showing in the fall frenzy with some of the region and conference's best teams, pfeiffer will now take some time off before a relay meet with st. leo held in north fort myers, florida during winter break. fall frenzy full field results
__label__non_math	0.9696	yesterday's thread about favorite space movies got me to thinking about whether or not john carpenter's version of the thing starring kurt russell would qualify as a space movie. i suppose not since it was set in the arctic, so i didn't put it on my list. but it is a fave of mine. and sure enough, serendipity stepped in and the movie was on cable last night. i watched it and remembered just why i like the movie so much. if you're a fan of the sci-fi genre and haven't seen this movie, do so. if you've seen it before, but haven't seen it recently, refresh yourself with it. it's a worthy minutes. an absolute classic. one of my favourite films of all time, definitely in the top . not sure what to think about the upcoming prequel. hope they do the orginal justice i was wondering why there wasn't a film thread oh heck yes, that movie is intense and great. i thought it was rather freaky a few years ago when i first saw it; just imagine what audiences in the 1980s thought hmmm, i'm a self-described action-junkie. the lethal weapon series, die hard series, bad boys and bad boys in my top greatest action films of all time , speed, terminator series, etc. i also enjoy some action-horror films, like planet terror and avp - requiem which is strange because i have a hard time watching torture in movies, so i don't plan on seeing saw or more realistic war films .
__label__non_math	0.9775	good named to all-tournament team griffs lose in semifinals of maac... good, severyn receive all-maac awards volleyball travels to maac championship volleyball swept in regular-season finale - volleyball griffs can t finish rally, lose in five... - volleyball volleyball wraps up regular season - volleyball good named maac player of the week - volleyball volleyball cruises to senior day victory - volleyball volleyball clinches spot in maac... questions with... . what is the best part about being a griff? . what has been your favorite moment as a canisius student-athlete? . what three words would you use to describe yourself? . what is your favorite part of buffalo? . what is your favorite quote or phrase? . what was your favorite childhood toy? . what was your favorite childhood tv show? . do you have any pre-game routine or ritual and if so, what is it? . what tv shows are you currently addicted to? . what is one interesting fact that people may not know about you?
__label__non_math	0.9976	journey through the worlds largest maze, as featured in the guinness book of world records, where fearless adventurers can search for eight secret stations on their way to solving the mystery of the maze. then, take a ride on the pineapple express train. this -minute train tour is fully narrated in english, japanese, korean and mandarin, and will give visitors an overview on the history of the pineapple, agriculture in hawaii, and the life of james dole. trains depart every half-hour between and , weather permitting. next, stroll through the plantation garden tour. the tour consists of eight mini-gardens that will give visitors a close-up look at a wide variety of fruits, flowers and native plants. tour-goers will hear stories and legends of old hawaii. the audio narration is available in english, japanese and korean.
__label__non_math	0.8755	avex dvd video converter pack . includes dvd ripper platinum, video converter platinum, dvd to ipod, psp and 3gp serial communication data logger. logs data to user specified file. jpeg, png, gif and tif graphics optimization for web. free morphing . free morphing program algolab raster to vector conversion toolkit vectorizer for cad cam gis professionals, designers and illustrators convert swf to exe, convert exe to swf,convert swf to screensavers. ace rgbmachine . with our exclusive color correction engine you can edit upto shots per minute folder encryption is a highly speed file folder encryption program aimatfile fast file search aimatfile is a fast and efficient tool to find documents by their contents affiliate logic is a highly-effective, easy-to-use shareware tool that will help proactive campaign management solution with outlook adusoft psp video converter adusoft psp video converter is a easy-to-use and professional psp movie convert monkey automates common document conversion tasks adesclrpicker is a very easy to use yet powerful color picker application for repgen generates the scripts required to setup oracle advanced replication. ad amazing waterfall amazing waterfall animated desktop wallpapers. speedupmypc boxed -even the most powerful computer can get sluggish. this pack is unusual by different reasons speed up and smarten up the way you write, edit and communicate on your pc acamar rising is a 3d space shooter where a lone fighter must defend a space acala dvd copy backup your own favorite dvd movies to new copy for saving 3ds import for solidworks . 3ds import for solidworks 3d studio 3ds file import add-in for solidworks do you want to know what your buddy or colleague is typing dxf export for solidworks . dxf export for solidworks autocad dxf file export add-in for solidworks 3dm import for solidworks . 3dm import for solidworks rhino 3dm file import add-in for solidworks movavi video suite get all movavi video tools in a single package convert all video files like avi, mpeg, wmv, divx, mp4, h.264 avc, mkv, avchd, rm, mov, rmvb and vob to ipod mpeg-movies ipod mp4 for ipod and iphone perfectly. is a great multi-track audio recorder that enables you to record your band, create a podcast, create mash-ups or remix a song. av voice changer change your voice over ip and pc to phone in real time; record voice, voice chat, music; enhance voice; avi, mpeg, wmv, mp4, flv, mkv, amv, h.264 mpeg-, divx, xvid, mov, rm, rmvb, ram, rmv, m4v, vob, asf, ifo, ivf, 3gp, 3g2, 3gp2, 3gpp, swf, h.261, h.264, dv, dif, mjpg, mjpeg, dvr-ms, dvr, mts, mtv, mvv, tod, qt, vro, ogg, ogm, dat, mp2, mpg
__label__non_math	1.0000	dob: background: hathaway hails from brooklyn. she abandoned her desire to be a nun at age fifteen after learning her brother michael was gay, and she instead following her mother's footsteps into acting. she acted in numberous high school productions and became the first teenager admitted into the barrow group theater company's acting program. filmography: her first on-screen role was in the short-lived television series "get real," after which she became a star on the big screen in the disney hit "the princess diaries." she also appeared in the family friendly "ella enchanted" and "the princess diaries " before transitioning into more adult projects, including "brokeback mountain" and "rachel getting married," the latter of which earned her an oscar nomination for best actress. she has also appeared in the hit comedies "the devil wears prada," "get smart," and "bride wars" and has lent her voice to the animated films "hoodwinked academy awards: win - best supporting actress "les miserables," best actress nomination "rachel getting married" ; lost to kate winslet "the reader" emmy awards: win - best voice-over performance "the simpsons," best special class program nomination "83rd annual academy awards" ; lost to "64th annual tony awards" golden globes: win - best film supporting actress "les miserables," best film drama actress nomination "rachel getting married" ; lost to kate winslet "revolutionary road" best film comedy musical actress nomination "love and other drugs" ; lost to annette bening "the kids are all right" sag awards: win - best film supporting actress "les miserables," best film ensemble nominations "les miserables" ; lost to "argo" "brokeback mountain" ; lost to "crash" best film actress nomination "rachel getting married" ; lost to meryl streep "doubt" don't miss the latest emmys news and predictions
__label__non_math	0.9999	valentine's day gift ideas and experiences ideas for valentine's day gifts do you want to give the best to the love of your life ? this is the opportunity to show them how important he is to you. golden moments has a wide range of experiences for couples, so don t worry about difficult choices about what to give him or her . make this valentine's one never to forget with our special valentine selection the dinner and theatre experience for two includes an italian or a french dinner in covent garden and a wide range of famous musicals and our romantic hotel break for two is the perfect valentine gift for couples who want to spend more intimate time together. gift ideas for valentine's day... more gift ideas and experiences...
__label__non_math	0.9365	as thanksgiving creeps up, a lot of us are already starting to gain the dreaded holiday weight. maybe it is a cookie here or some halloween candy there. but the problem is that food is as big a part of the holidays as pumpkins, music and decorations. luckily for all of us holiday eaters there is a new study that shows that tea helps to slow down weight gain when we eat high fat foods. the study revolves around blind mice ok, maybe just a bunch of mice researchers took two sets of rotund, overweight mice and did a study. in one group they fed the mice a high fat diet. in the second group they fed the mice the same high fat diet, but supplemented them with egcg. the group with egcg was the biggest loser the egcg group gained weight more slowly than the non-egcg group. and, in addition to that, the egcg group had an increase in lipids that were a sign that their bodies were limiting the amount of fat they absorbed. egcg is abundant in tea we ve all heard that tea is good for us through a gazillion studies. well, most of those studies are based on a compound called egcg. in a nutshell, egcg helps to prevent cancer and a ton of other illnesses. and now researchers are saying that egcg also helps in weight loss and prevention. the study was also performed by penn state university a lot of information that is floating around is either folklore grandma s chicken soup or based off of foreign studies. what makes this study so profound is that an american university did it. while these are studies done on animals, the signs are pointing toward the fact that tea is good for keeping your weight down, as well as possibly shedding some lbs. and it just isn t the tea world that is saying this, but also the research author: our results suggest that if you supplement with green tea you gain weight more slowly, said research author joshua lambert. there seems to be two prongs to this, lambert said. first, egcg reduces the ability to absorb fat and, second, it enhances the ability to use fat. p.s another conclusion by the study is that egcg does not appear to affect your appetite. this is good news for us who like to stuff ourselves full of cookies and, um, justify it by drinking a bunch of tea research link:
__label__non_math	0.9915	has anyone else noticed that an inordinate amount of teams, like stubborn teenagers listening to their parents, are finally solving problems that they've had for years...? for all the shock and awe that's gone on lately, i don't think i'm alone in simply shaking my head in confusion that a lot of these problems weren't fixed in similar fashion sooner. i mean, come on, what's been happening lately except a lot of what we already thought should be done? here's a breakdown of recent nba news that all seemed to be coming from a mile away: team player: los angeles lakers long-time issue: with analysts coast-to-coast scoffing at how tightly mitch kupchak held onto andrew bynum during the past few years passing up the likes of baron davis, jason kidd, and ron artest , combined with this past summer's kobe bryant fiasco the bynum-bashing tape, the trade demands, the chicago bulls chants , people everywhere realized that los angeles wasn't going anywhere without one of two things happening: either kobe bryant was gonna recieve some major help read: not just derek fisher or would be getting shipped to the united center. recent solution: the lakers picked up the nba holy grail: a budding, young stud, who already has a reliable track record of all-star level talent, and get this: plays a big position, which is notoriously harder to fill. and to top it all off? the lakers were able to snatch pau gasol for simply kwame brown, jarvis crittinton, and a bag of magic beans. it's no damn wonder the top teams in the conference are calling bullsh t quicker than miggy's marion-for-arenas trade in the fantasy section. kobe bryant's looked like a kid in a candy store the past games... i can't imagine what it'll be like when bynum gets back. team player: phoenix suns long-time issue: ever since the steve nash era began in the grand canyon state, experts everywhere have voiced major concerns as to why the suns may never win the big enchalada: the lack of a true big man that can control a half-court game and steve nash's hour-glass of a career coming towards empty disturbing quicker than chris paul, baron davis, or deron williams'. recent solution: phoenix decided to make like boston and put all their eggs in the "sooner than later" basket, aquiring the most dominant player in a half-court system to ever scratch spalding. don't let the suns' kool-aid drinking pr staff try and fool you into believing this is a long-term relationship: shaquille o'neal's legs look worse than chris webber's... and it's probably not a long ways away before steve nash's start looking like desert topping, too. by aquiring o'neal, the suns effectively counter los angeles' twin tower system in the playoffs. amare is more finese than pau, shaq is more power than bynum. although its not the cost efficient, long-term success guarentee that the lakers boast, it's a one possibly two year solution to los angeles' legal-steroid of a trade, giving steve nash a level playing field to continue working his magic in his prime. team player: golden state warriors long-time issue: don nelson and chris webber were never, and had never, been on the same page throughout either man's career. they were mortal enemies, equally responsible for blowing up the golden state warrior franchise, and the most unlikely solution for bypassing utah's obvious physical advantages over them in the rapidly approaching playoffs had to have been whatever ludicrous executive in chris mullin's cabinet that suggested calling up cwebb and extend a -year overdue olive branch. recent solution: said ludicrous executive got a fat raise and chris webber is now listening to don nelson, who is now treating webber like a king, the way both had envisioned in . while webber is still clearly getting in shape, he brings smart passing, a consistent midrange j, and most importantly a big bodied, veteran game that golden state can use to nuetralize or mildly disrupt the pesky likes of carlos boozer and paul millsap in the post season. team player: shawn marion long-time issue: there's a reason every message board for every team has a "shawn-marion-to-them" rumor floating around somewhere. matrix had worn out his welcome in phoenix. he was tired of fat, arizonan disc jockies calling him overpaid. he was tired of always being whispered in trade talks year in and year out. and, whether he admits it or not, he was tired of being seen as a team's 3rd gun when, clearly, he is among the league's brightest, all around stars. whatever the reason, marion clearly was not happy as a sun and everyone predicted he'd opt out of his million year contract as soon as possible. recent solution: marion finally got a ticket out of phoenix to be dwayne wade's tall, athletic sidekick for the newlook miami heat. pat riley is kissing his ass night and day, miami will likely fight hard to retain marion who will be looking for a similar, if not higher, paycheck , and the spotlight is now blisteringly on marion to see what kind of energy this previously-concieved 3rd option can bring to the -heat. unfortunately, marion will probably miss leading his division, going deep in the playoffs, and catching passes from a clever steve nash. he'd better hope the heat get a top draft pick this year, otherwise they're probably looking at another year or two of rebuilding. team player: memphis grizzlies long-time issue: the grizzlies, eerily, had a damn-near identical record with or without all-star, pau gasol, in the lineup. with one of the league's most coveted young stars, along with a handful of young, promising talent, like mike conley, kyle lowry, and rudy gay, memphis was clearly set for a rebuilding mode and should have been repaid nicely with a plethora of young talent and high draft picks for one of the league's rarest items. recent solution: nothing. pau gasol was traded, but it would be a serious crime for me to claim that anything got "solved". kwame brown's contract will expire, but those recent whispers of m8e coming to town are simply famously shared pipe dreams of southern residents looking for a monta ellis return. golden state will not allow that restricted free agent to walk. meanwhile, memphis fans have to be subject to a frontcourt featuring darko millicec, kwame brown, and jason collins... which, for decency's sake, doesn't sound legal in many states, but i'm not surprised it's allowed in tennessee. if the new york knicks lose a couple bad contracts and dallas aquires jason kidd for young talent, i'll die laughing. talk about any other sports here. posts page of hall of famer joined: mon location: golden state poster credit: golden state warriors die hard posts page of who is online users browsing this forum: no registered users and guests
__label__non_math	0.9993	san francisco golf club junipero serra blvd san francisco, california architect name - a.w. tillinghast san francisco is consistently ranked as one of the top courses in the u.s. and the world by golf magazine's panel of experts. one of the oldest tracks in california, this a.w. tillinghast gem opened in , well before many of tillinghast's east coast masterpieces. at just over ,600 yards in length, the course is not long by modern standards, but it rewards long and straight shots off the tee. unlike many bay area courses that use trees and shrubs to shape and contour the fairways, tillinghast allowed the rolls and hills of the land dictate how the course twists turns. scores of fairway bunkers demand golfers carefully consider the wisest strategy before hitting their shot. while the club is intensely private and shuns virtually attention, the marquee hole at san francisco golf club is the 184-yard, par-7th which is known as the "duel hole." the canyon where the hole now lays was the site of the last duel in the united states. playing down a steep hill, the kidney-shaped green has a hump in its center. shots that land on the back of the hump can easily bound into one of the bunkers behind the green, so players are often forced to putt over the ridge. the club was originally founded in and has been listed by the usga as one of the first 100 clubs established in the u.s.
__label__non_math	0.9995	michael bannon, rory mcilroy's first and only swing coach, has a video archive of mcilroy's swings that spans years and numbers well into the thousands. each swing is digitized, catalogued by date, and stored on a hard drive -- and, says bannon, "they all tell a different story." it is a remarkable, perhaps unprecedented, database of one player's development, a swing-umentary that traces mcilroy's progress from a pint-size prodigy at holywood golf club, in the suburbs east of belfast, to a globe-trotting superstar striping balls on plush ranges in places like dubai and palm beach gardens, fla. the first film in the collection, shot by bannon on a sunny morning at holywood, is a gem. it stars rory, age , taking practice swings in a baggy yellow sweatshirt and a black nike cap tugged low over his brow. the youngster struggles to control the weight of the clubhead, but his swing, long and full of torque, is instantly recognizable. "did you play today, rors?" bannon asks from off camera. he speaks quickly, one word crashing into the next, but his ulster lilt is warm and encouraging. "yeah," rors squeals. "what'dya go 'round in?" "very good. when's your birthday? about another month? good man. let's see you swing the club, then." "okay, put the club back down. we'll start from scratch. okay, bend your knees. a tiny bit -- just a tiny bit. now away you go. swing... that's it. now turn through. hold your balance at the finish. great. that's very good." that's it it's a drizzly september morning at bangor golf club, just up the road from holywood, where bannon, , has presided as head professional for the last years. bannon is playing the video of little rory on a flat-panel monitor in a training studio adorned with a hitting net, shelves of instruction books, and poster-size photos of mcilroy. "you see, they talk about rory's flexibility and how he turns his right shoulder to the target," he says. "but he was doing it back then." related story: will mcilroy follow woods as golf's next billion-dollar man? bannon stops the video and starts another, this one of rory, age or , hitting wedges on the practice tee at bangor, and featuring a brief cameo by rory's father, gerry -- "before he was able to afford a good coat," bannon says, laughing. rory's consistency is mesmerizing; it's like watching a metronome. bannon studies the film as if he's absorbing mcilroy's boundless potential again for the first time. "you see the control he has over the ball for such a young fella," bannon says. "i didn't teach him to play golf, i just taught him how to swing the club." when you watch these old movies, two things become clear. one, mcilroy has always had that nest of curls. and two, bannon hasn't received his due. he's revered in teaching circles -- he was named the european pga golf coach of the year in -- but despite mentoring the game's biggest talent, he lacks the q-rating of a butch harmon, or even a bill harmon. that may change when bannon hits the road with mcilroy full-time in , but don't count on it. "the thing i like about michael," mcilroy says, "is he's quiet, he's humble, he doesn't like the spotlight. he just wants me to swing my best and play my best. he's not really looking for anything out of it." bangor members pay just , or about ,000 butch harmon commands for his three-day schools . "it's embarrassingly cheap," says jack mccluskey, a longtime member and past captain of bangor. "without a doubt, he could get times more if he wanted to." bannon has wavy reddish-brown hair and resembles the actor bradley whitford of west wing fame. he is soft-spoken but likes to connect with his students through a chat or a joke. years ago, when he was an assistant pro at holywood, bannon informed one woeful member that he held the answer to all his swing flaws. grinning, bannon unclenched his fist to reveal three darts. says stephen gordon, who is succeeding bannon at bangor, "michael knows how to teach people, not just golf." related story: compare rory's tour stats with tiger's between trips to the states during this year's fedex cup playoffs, bannon hit the range at bangor with roy bailie, a -year-old carpenter and -handicap who was taken by bannon's accessiblity. "i wouldn't be out here getting a lesson from tiger's coach," he said. after watching bailie beat balls, bannon showed him his swing on video next to mcilroy's, a sobering yet instructive experience. the takeaway: bailie was releasing the club too early. bannon prescribed a couple of drills and then said, "as i always say to rory, 'the rest is up to you.' " as his stock has quietly risen, bannon has fielded calls from all over from golfers seeking his services. one mother in florida wanted to fly her son to bangor for some one-on-one time. for the moment, though, bannon is content with keeping an eye on mcilroy, then coming home to mow his lawn and spend time with his wife, fionnuala, and their four children, ellen, ; luke, ; monica, ; and feargus, . it's a good life -- "some days you have to pinch yourself and think, 'rory's the best player in the world,' bannon says -- though not stress-free. bannon may remember three-year-old rory zipping around holywood on his tricycle, but mcilroy's no kid anymore; he's the world's top-ranked golfer. "lord knows what would have happened if i'd given rory a bit of the wrong stuff early on," bannon says. "or if he'd gone to someone else, who knows what would have happened. would he have been as good?" it's hard to imagine he could have been much better.
__label__non_math	0.9998	south gate municipal golf course9615 pinehurst ave south gate, ca this is a challenging par course with narrow, tree-lined fairways and extremely fast and short greens. most holes are tree lined and there are only a few sand bunkers to contend with. the ladies tee off from the same set of tees as the men. course reviews for south gate municipal golf course average golfer review .stars : number of reviews: review this course and share your experience with other golfers. happy, fast and furious,
__label__non_math	1.0000	buy new and used golf balls at discount prices. become a sponsor sign up to receive the golfblogger's occasional newsletter for news, commentary, bargains and more. your information will not be sold, or given to anyone else, and you can opt out at any time. web design and expression engine development by reese
__label__non_math	0.9999	molly molyneaux earns honours from canadian junior golf association charlottetown native becomes seventh recipient of helena harbridge sportsmanship award published on wednesday, est last updated on wednesday, est the canadian junior golf association cjga has recognized molly molyneaux of charlottetown, pei as the recipient of the helena harbridge sportsmanship award. molyneaux, , is the first atlantic canada member to earn the honourable distinction for an award that recognizes sportsmanship, dedication, and commitment in the game of golf. the award is named after helena harbridge who was an outstanding junior golfer and cjga alum who passed away in during her freshman year at west georgia university. when i had found out that i was chosen for the helena harbridge award, i was truly honoured said an elated molyneaux. for the committee to see the same qualities in me as they had seen in helena is very humbling. molyneaux was a member of cjga team that captured the gold medal earlier this year at the euro junior golf cup in st. andrews, scotland. she also competed in the four cjga atlantic canada events in , finishing no worse than t5. i love the game of golf and have put a lot of hard work in to get where i am today stated molyneaux. because of the cjga i have been able meet amazing people and have built relationships with other players that will last a lifetime, which is something truly special. like helena, molyneaux s dreams of attending an american university on an athletic scholarship are soon to become a reality as she will be signing with armstrong atlantic university in savannah, georgia. after reading about helena and her dedication to the game combined with her golf skills and strong academics, i can see a lot of myself in her molyneaux concluded. winners of the helena harbridge sportsmanship award will receive a complimentary life time membership to the cjga. - - lauren bowerman-ritchie ontario - - juanita rico alberta - - jocelyn alford alberta - - thea hedemann saskatchewan - - shannon lee greenshields quebec - - marlies klekner-alt ontario for more information on the canadian junior golf association, click here.
__label__non_math	1.0000	mcilroy grabs share of first-round lead in abu dhabi - by associated press - et abu dhabi, united arab emirates rory mcilroy opened his season by outplaying tiger woods in the first round of the abu dhabi golf championship, shooting a -under thursday for a share of the lead. woods shot a in a threesome with mcilroy and top-ranked luke donald, who finished with a . robert karlsson tied for the lead while gareth maybin, richard finch and jean-baptiste gonnet were one stroke back. woods played bogey-free golf that produced few momentous shots and two birdies. he missed several birdie chances, including a -footer on his ninth, the 18th hole. it was a good ball-striking round, woods said. i had a hard time reading the greens out there. the greens were pretty grainy and i just had a hard time getting a feel for it. toward the end i hit some pretty good putts, but overall i got fooled a lot on my reads. mcilroy, the u.s. open champion who has had three top-finishes in abu dhabi, made three birdies on his first four holes but erratic driving led to two bogeys on the next four. he steadied himself with three birdies on his back nine, including a chip-in on no. from just off the green. it s a nice way to start the competitive season, i suppose, mcilroy said. i didn t feel like i played that good. i definitely didn t strike the ball as good as i have been the last couple of weeks. i think it s just because your first competitive round of the season, card in your hand, you can get a little bit tentative or a little apprehensive. woods also struggled with his approaches shots at the national course at the abu dhabi golf club, which was playing much tougher than in the past with narrower fairways and thicker rough. that resulted in many - and -footers he couldn t sink. sergio garcia and jose manuel lara each had hole-in-ones on the par-12th. kj choi, colin montgomerie and padraig harrington joined the group at . second-ranked lee westwood and defending champion martin kaymer got off to poor starts and never challenged. mcilroy calls woods a friend and was chatting with his playing partner for much of the day. he said he didn t take much satisfaction from beating him in the first round. if it was the last day of the tournament and you re both going in there with a chance to win, i would take a lot of pride from that, obviously, said the -year-old northern irishman. but the first day of a tournament is a little different, he said. you re just going out there and playing and seeing what you can do. but, hopefully, i can get myself into position where i do play with him on a sunday and see how i get on. after a seven-week layoff, woods said he s fitter than he has been in years. he s coming off a victory at the chevron world challenge last month that ended a two-year title drought. with the win, woods moved to 25th in the world after briefly falling outside the top last year. before the victory, woods finished third at the australian open and delivered the clinching point for the american team in the presidents cup. it felt the same as it had from oz to the world challenge to here, woods said of his game. i controlled my ball all day and just had a hard time getting a feel for these greens. they are grainy enough where i just didn t quite read them right, and i hit them good, and then the grain would take it, not take it. it was just difficult. keegan bradley again bogeyed nos. and in the second round of the hp byron nelson championship. unlike the first round, bradley didn't set a course record. but he still finished with a three-strok... read more more original content than any other website. check out golf channel's top video photos. - venturi dies at - bradley keeps nelson lead - korda leads mobile bay lpga through - mcilroy leaves agent, forms firm - only one irish team to compete at world cup - usga to announce anchoring news tuesday - guan shoots -, misses first pga tour cut - poulter out at volvo - video: man drains amazing office putt down stairs - donald receives mbe from queen of england - open qualifying: men's local - instruction: improve your thought process
__label__non_math	1.0000	thirteen of the top players in the world including seven of the top are in the field this week at the wgc-hsbc champions in china. and their no-show has unnerved the group head of sponsorship at hsbc. of course we re disappointed not to have the two top players in the world, said giles morgan, according to a report tuesday in the telegraph uk . both have sent me apologies, but this is an event which should be regarded by all players as it is by the tours and the media as one of the top events in the world. therefore i feel strongly that the top players should be here. i believe that golfers have a responsibility to their sponsors. without the sponsors there isn t professional golf. i speak on behalf of the industry. morgan isn t the first to question why mcilroy and woods aren t teeing it up in the final world golf championships event of the year, particularly after the duo squared off monday in a one-on-one exhibition in china. for that duel at jinsha lake, both players were handsomely compensated, with woods reportedly receiving a million bonus. this week, however, woods is fulfilling corporate obligations in singapore, while mcilroy is in bulgaria to watch girlfriend caroline wozniacki play tennis. though woods is not scheduled to play another tournament until his world challenge at the end of the month, mcilroy will play three more events as he attempts to become the second player in two years to capture the money title on both the pga and european tours. - venturi dies at - bradley keeps nelson lead - korda leads mobile bay lpga through - mcilroy leaves agent, forms firm - only one irish team to compete at world cup - usga to announce anchoring news tuesday - guan shoots -, misses first pga tour cut - poulter out at volvo - video: man drains amazing office putt down stairs - donald receives mbe from queen of england - open qualifying: men's local - instruction: improve your thought process
__label__non_math	1.0000	golfdiscount.com was founded in with the goal of becoming the premiere destination for online golf clubs. since then, we've become much more than just an online golf club store. our unwavering focus on superior customer service has allowed us to expand our online offerings to include golf accessories, clothing and so you'll find the absolute best service and the best selection in online shopping here at golfdiscount.com
__label__non_math	1.0000	hybrid golf clubs looking to replace hard-to-hit long irons, many golfers have begun to come around on the distance and forgiveness benefits of hybrid clubs. hybrids allow for more accuracy, better feel, and can get the ball airborne better than traditional three and four irons, and at golfdiscount.com, we have a huge selection to chose from. take your pick from a wide variety of models, including super game-improvement head sizes, to smaller, more controllable player's clubs. no matter your skill level, your game will benefit from putting a hybrid or two in the bag, and we have you covered.
__label__non_math	1.0000	kentwool." you may browse our products below or try your search again. we re sorry, we found matches for " search tips guidelines: - try another search using a different word or spelling. - the item you are searching for may be temporarily out of stock. - if you need help finding a product, please contact customer service at -800-287-.
__label__non_math	1.0000	these events are only open to advantage club members. advantage club memberships are free. to sign-up, visit mygolfgalaxy.com or register at any golf galaxy location. select a state to view store information in that area. order by phone: 800 287- what's restricted? see our full list of promotion restrictions due to manufacturer restrictions, select new release and other specified products are excluded from price promotions. additionally, there are restrictions on the use of coupon codes. select products brands include: adams, callaway, cleveland, cobra, ecco, footjoy, mizuno, nike, odyssey, ping, pinnacle, scotty cameron, skycaddie, taylormade, titleist, top flite, tour edge golf, under armour and zero restriction. promotions are limited to one code per transaction. cannot be combined with any other offers or coupons or used on previously purchased merchandise. coupon valid on golfgalaxy.com purchases only. not redeemable for cash, gift cards or store credit. no reproductions or rain checks accepted. show full details... due to manufacturer restrictions, all products from ping are excluded from shipping promotions. additionally, certain shipping promotions have restrictions on the quantities and types of products and eligible locations. shipping offers do not apply to personalized products or bulk orders. due to package size restrictions from ups, some large or bulky items such as cart bags, travel cases and hitting nets may have an oversize package handling charge applied. items with oversize handling charges will be clearly indicated in the product description at the product purchase page. the additional charge for over sized items will vary depending on the size and will be combined with the regular shipping fee in the shipping charge box at checkout. over sized items are not available for ground shipment outside the contiguous states. 2nd day and next day services for over sized items are only available by contacting a golf galaxy customer service representative. please see shipping information for complete shipping details. show full details...
__label__non_math	1.0000	you must be a registered member to view this page. if you are already a member, sign in now. to register for your own account, sign up now. signing up will remove most of the annoying ads from your screen. click here to create your account - get advice - make friends - share your expertise - post in our forums - send private messages - join interest groups - be a community leader - track your mood - upload photos
__label__non_math	0.9870	omar is one of the most prolific three-point shooters in chattanooga history. he is one of seven players to hit 160 shots from beyond the arc in his career. his total of 168 ranks fourth behind stephen mcdowell 243 , keddric mays 207 and tim parker 174. he is also fourth in three-pointers made per game . behind mcdowell . , mays . and lavert threats . . wattad scored or more points with a high of keying the -win at the citadel on . he had double-figure scoring nights overall, in . he scored points and grabbed five rebounds to open the season at indiana. it was the first of four -point efforts. he added dr pepper classic all-tourney honors with points and nine rebounds shooting .percent from three-point range for the two days helping lead the mocs to the title. elon was his favorite opponent. he scored his season high of in the one-point loss at elon before helping lead an impressive second-half blitz of the phoenix in mckenzie arena. he scored of his points in the first minutes of the pivotal half spurring the mocs in overcoming a six-point deficit for the win. for his career, wattad scored 815 points averaging .per game. he ranked as one of the top marksmen from long range in both seasons in the roundhouse. wattad was 35th nationally in three-pointers made . gm and in 59th in percentage . as a junior. he followed that performance ranking 39th in treys made . and 54th in percentage . .
__label__non_math	0.9996	lithium ion batteries heating up japan-korea trade tensions - june, japan manufactures over half of the world's lithium-ion-batteries. japan is threatening to complain to the world trade organization if south korea goes through with reported plans to require certification for lithium ion batteries. the rules would require japanese battery makers to obtain certification for their products from a south korean agency before they can be sold in the country, reported the yomiuri shimbun newspaper. however, batteries from rival manufacturers in the u.s. are exempt from the rules, provided that their batteries have been certified by a u.s. standards organization, the newspaper said. japanese battery makers are responsible for more than half of the world's lithium-ion-battery production, and the government is worried that the rules, which are scheduled to come into effect on july , will impede the ability of japanese companies to compete in the korean market. ''we fear the new regulation, if introduced, could amount to a trade barrier for foreign companies,'' toshihiro nikai, japan's minister of economy, trade and industry, said monday, according to kyodo news. japan is expected to protest the issue at a wto meeting that will take place in geneva this week. lithium ion batteries are used in a wide range of gadgets, including cell phones, digital cameras and game consoles. a new breed of electric vehicle also makes use of lithium ion batteries.
__label__non_math	1.0000	toronto - the toronto stock exchange surged ahead friday, encouraged by gains from the u.s. markets, after data showed the world's largest economy may be in recovery. the race is on for incumbents in the wireless business to buy up the spectrum that was supposed to be set aside for new competitors. toronto - the bank of montreal and its u.s. subsidiary have agreed to beef up efforts to combat money laundering after american authorities found its operations in chicago lacking. if you have any shopping planned for this weekend, you'd best get it done before monday when retail stores around the city will either be closed or operating on holiday hours. ottawa - staff from halogen software inc. rang the opening bell at the toronto stock exchange friday as the company's shares began trading publicly for the first time, a sign that ottawa's once-vibrant technology industry may be beginning to rebound.
__label__non_math	0.9982	seacube container leasing ltd. seacube is a container leasing company. the company is engaged in the acquisition, leasing, re-leasing and subsequent sale of refrigerated and dry containers and generator sets. the company leases its containers primarily under long-term contracts to a diverse group of shipping lines. it leases its containers to a market base of over 160 shipping lines throughout the world. the company leases three types of containers: refrigerated containers, which are used for perishable items, such as fresh and frozen foods; dry freight containers, which are used for general cargo, such as manufactured component parts, consumer staples, electronics and apparel, and generator sets, which are used to power refrigerated containers. in april , ontario teachers' pension plan of canada acquired the entire share capital of seacube.
__label__non_math	1.0000	vince vaughn and owen wilson made a comedy about being an intern at google. watch a sneak peek above. interested in joining us, but not sure where to start? we ve got you covered. check out our teams and roles to learn more about opportunities to do cool stuff that matters. still a student? this way to our student site. take a ride on the google self-guided tour. stop by our offices around the globe to find what you re searching for. keep your arms and legs inside the vehicle at all times. get to know who we are - from the inside out. from our history and culture, to the people behind our products, get the inside scoop on all things googley. at google, we don t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer.
__label__non_math	0.9996	the grocer waitrose is considering taking legal action against ocado after the online specialist struck a -year, 170m deal with morrisons to enable the supermarket chain to sell food on the web. mps have been accused of demonising us multinationals over tax after google was this week branded evil by the chair of an influential parliamentary committee. when you write about heathrow, please stop referring to the people disturbed by aircraft noise as "local" residents. i live miles from the airport, in clapham, south london, and my life has been made a misery by aircraft noise for at least years. somewhere in the -storey madou towers office block in brussels, european regulators are sifting through a mountain of sensitive oil pricing data. how many times have you been called about claiming for ppi insurance that you don't actually own? according to the regulator ofcom, we receive two nuisance calls a week - and half of all sales calls are from ppi claims management companies.
__label__non_math	1.0000	lansdowne oil gas plc lansdowne is a united kingdom-based independent oil and gas company. lansdowne and its subsidiaries explore and develop oil and gas reserves in the irish celtic sea. the company is engaged in the exploration and appraisal of hydrocarbons. lansdowne is focused on oil and gas exploration and appraisal opportunities in the north celtic sea basin ncsb offshore southern ireland. lansdowne holds rights, through its wholly owned subsidiaries, to five standard exploration licenses and one licensing option in the oil and gas prone shallow waters of the ncsb. as of , the company had interests in irish waters, including interest in midleton exploration license, interest in rosscarbery exploration license, interest in amergin exploration license, interest in barryroe exploration license and interest in helvick exploration license.
__label__math	0.9887	the present invention relates to an acrylicized polyetherpolyol that consists of an ethoxylated polyol having a molecular weight of from 600 to , preferably from 700 to 900, which is esterified with acrylic acid. . a radiation curable coating comprising a - by weight of a polyurethaneacrylate, b - by weight of a polyetheracrylate, c - by weight of one or more reactive diluents, d - by weight of photo-intiator, e - by weight of pigments and f - by weight of fillers, wherein the polyetheracrylate consists of an ethoxylated polyol having a molecular weight of from 600 to and is esterified with acrylic acid. . the radiation curable coating of claim , wherein the polyol is to -fold ethoxylated. . the radiation curable coating of claim , wherein the polyol is to -fold ethoxylated. . the radiation curable coating of claim , wherein the polyetheracrylate consists of to by weight of polyetherpolyol, to by weight of acrylic acid, and to by weight of auxiliaries. . the radiation curable coating of claim , wherein the polyetheracrylate consists of to by weight of polyetherpolyol and to by weight of acrylic acid. . the radiation curable coating of claim , wherein the polyetherpolyol consists of ethoxylated pentaerythritol. . the radiation curable coating of claim , wherein the polyetheracrylate is modified with amine. . the radiation curable coating of claim , wherein the polyetheracrylate is modified with an amine selected from the group consisting of ethanolamine, dimethylaminopropylamine and mixtures thereof. . the radiation curable coating of claim , further comprising uv-initiators based on ketones. . the radiation curable coating of claim , comprising benzophenone as a uv-initiator. in the text below the invention is described in more detail with reference to the examples: .parts of polyetherpolyol, .519 parts by weight of acrylic acid, .547 parts by weight of p-toluenesulfonic acid, .180 parts by weight of hydroquinone, .180 parts by weight of hypophosphorous acid and parts by weight of cyclohexane are weighed out and heated to temperature is retained until the acid number of the reaction mixture falls below . subsequently, .352 parts by weight of acrylic acid and .parts by weight of cyclohexane are added and the reaction is continued until the acid number falls below . subsequently, a vacuum is applied and is maintained until the acid number has fallen below and the viscosity is from .to .mpa 1st stage: a polyester having an oh number of approximately 210 is prepared by weighing out .parts by weight of trimethylolpropane, .787 parts by weight of triglycol, .381 parts by weight of cyclohexane-dimethanol, .007 parts by weight of phthalic anhydride, .588 parts by weight of isophthalic acid and .831 parts by weight of adipic acid. a condensation reaction is conducted at 240 data are achieved: acid number from to viscosity from .to .mpa cone-and-plate viscosity at 2nd stage: .139 parts by weight of the polyester prepared in stage are weighed out together with .039 parts by weight of dibutyltin dilaurate, .078 parts by weight of di-tert-butyl-p-cresol, parts by weight of hydroxyethyl acrylate, .956 parts by weight of phenoxyethyl acrylate, ppm of phenothiazine, and this mixture is heated to ppm of isophorone diisocyanate and .080 ppm of ethanol are metered in such that the temperature remains below at at free coating film .parts of aromatic urethane acrylate, strength in phenoxyethyl acrylate, parts of acrylicized polyetherpolyol, .parts of isobornyl acrylate, .parts of titanium dioxide, .parts of emulsifier tween , .parts of dispersing auxiliary. free coating film .parts of aromatic urethane acrylate, strength in phenoxyethyl acrylate, parts of acrylicized polyetherpolyol, .parts of isobornyl acrylate, parts of ethoxylated pentaerythritol tetracrylate sic sr 494 cray valley .parts of titanium dioxide, .parts of emulsifier tween , .parts of dispersing auxiliary. free coating film .parts of aromatic urethane acrylate, strength in phenoxyethyl acrylate, .parts of acrylicized polyetherpolyol, .parts of isobornyl acrylate, .p arts of ethoxylated pentaerythritol ethacrylate sic sr 494 cray valley .parts of titanium dioxide, .parts of emulsifier tween , .parts of dispersing auxiliary. the components are weighed out into the containers customary in the coatings industry and are combined using a dissolver. mechanical properties of the coatings of examples to 3example tensile strength elongation at n mm.sup. break1 242 153 using the acrylicized polyetherpolyol described, the tensile strength and elongation at break can be controlled within wide ranges without substantially affecting the other coating-film properties reactivity, chemical resistance, surface smoothness . spray coating material parts of acrylicized polyetherpolyol, parts of water, parts of irgacure 500 photoinitiator, ciba geigy . the coating material exhibits good sprayability at room temperature and also an excellent pore pattern on wood and veneer. parts of acrylicized polyetherpolyol, parts i. 500 the coating material exhibits an excellent weathering stability. the present invention relates to a novel acrylicized polyetherpolyol which can be used in particular for radiation-curable coating compositions. it is known to cure compositions based on acrylic esters by means of radiation, especially uv radiation. here, however, a problem which arises is that the presence of air in the course of curing, especially the curing of surfaces, is disruptive. de-c discloses photopolymerizable coating compositions comprising amines as reducing agents and chain-transfer compounds. the use of a free amine of this kind has the disadvantage that it may act as a plasticizer, and leads to an unwanted deposit on the surface. by incorporating the amino group into a molecule which also includes polymerizable groups, a copolymerized amine is obtained which does not have the abovementioned disadvantages. a known method of incorporation is the adding of amines onto double bond-rich molecules, which proceeds in the manner of a michael addition and is described, for example, in f. moller, houben-weyl, vol. , pp. 277-280. u.s. pat. no. ,759,913 teaches the addition of amines onto activated, olefinically unsaturated compounds, such as acrylates in equimolar amounts, which leads to the complete reaction of the activated ethylenic double bonds. systematic investigations into the addition of amino alcohols onto acrylates have been carried out by ogata. bull. chem. soc. jap. , pages , . de-c 346 424 describes the preparation of radiation-curable compositions starting from acrylic esters of polyhydric alcohols and from secondary, aliphatic monofunctional amines. these compositions have the disadvantage of reduced stability on storage. the adding-on of a secondary amine, moreover, leads to a reduction in the acrylic ester functionality of the molecule and hence also to a reduction in the crosslinking possibilities for radiation-induced polymerization. ep application discloses adducts of acrylic esters and a polyhydric alcohol with a primary monoamine, which are used for radiation-curable coating compositions. ep-b , furthermore, discloses amino acrylates having a viscosity of from to mpas, a content of olefin double bonds of from to by weight and a nitrogen content of from .to . by weight, which can be employed as binders for radiation-curable coating compositions. the disadvantage of the said products lies in the tendency towards yellowing, especially of the amine-modified polyether acrylates. the present invention has now set itself the object of providing an acrylicized polyetherpolyol which can be used in radiation-curable coating formulations and does not have the abovementioned disadvantages. this object is achieved in that the acrylicized polyetherpolyol consists of an ethoxylated polyol having a molecular weight of from 500 to , preferably from 700 to 900, which is esterified with acrylic acid. the polyether acrylate of the invention consists, in a preferred embodiment, of from to by weight, preferably from to by weight of a polyetherpolyol, from to by weight, preferably from to by weight of acrylic acid and by weight of customary auxiliaries. the ether alcohols employed generally have a degree of ethoxylation of from to , preferably from to , the degree of ethoxylation indicating the number of moles of ethylene oxide that have on average been added onto mol of an alcohol used as the starter molecule. particular preference is given to the use of ethoxylated - or -hydric alcohols having a degree of ethoxylation of from to and a molecular weight of from 224 to 400. ethoxylated erythritol having a molecular weight of from 500 to , preferably from 700 to 900, is preferably employed. one example is pentaerythritol etherified with ethoxy units. the polyetherpolyols concerned are preferably those having an oh number of from 150 to 350 mg of koh g, preferably from 250 to 320, and a viscosity of from 300 to , preferably from 400 to 600 mpa the hydroxyl-containing polyethers, which are esterified with acrylic acid and or methacrylic acid, are obtained by the reaction of the dihydric and or higher polyhydric alcohols with various amounts of ethylene oxide in accordance with well-known methods cf. e.g. houben-weyl, vol. xiv, , makromolekulare stoffe ii, . alcohols comprising ether groups are substantially free from propylene oxide units --ch.sub. --ch ch.sub. --o--. this means that in the alkoxylation reaction only minor amounts, if any, of propylene oxide are used in addition to ethylene oxide molar ratio of ethylene oxide to propylene oxide at least : . the acrylized polyetherpolyol according to the invention may be modified with amines, preferably ethanolamine, dimethylaminopropylamine or mixtures thereof. the present invention also relates to a process for preparing an acrylicized polyetherpolyol which is suitable for use, in particular, in radiation-curable formulations. in this process polyetherpolyol and acrylic acid are first of all heated to from to 110 preferably from to 100 entrainers that are suitable in this context are only those substances whose boiling points lie between and 110 and falls below to , preferably to . the proportions of the polyetherpolyol are normally from to by weight, preferably from to by weight. the acrylic acid is added in amounts of from to by weight, preferably from to by weight. in addition, polymerization inhibitors, e.g. hydroquinones, catalysts to accelerate the esterification reaction, and antioxidants are added to the mixture. as soon as the acid number has reached the desired value acrylic acid is added again, in an amount of from .to , preferably from to by weight, until the acid number has fallen below , preferably below . subsequently, a vacuum is applied until the acid number has fallen below , preferably below , and a viscosity of from to has been established, preferably from to and, with particular preference, from to .mpa the acid number has fallen below , preferably below . the acrylicized polyetherpolyol prepared in this way now contains residual acrylic acid and entrainer, which are removed together in vacuo at temperatures from 110 to 130 the acrylicized polyetherpolyol of the invention is particularly suitable for radiation-curable coating compositions. these compositions may consist, for example, of from to by weight, preferably from to by weight of urethane acrylate, from to by weight, preferably from to by weight of polyether acrylate, from to by weight, preferably from to by weight of reactive diluent, from to by weight, preferably from to by weight of photoinitiator, from to by weight of pigments and from to by weight of further customary coatings fillers. in this context the urethane acrylates consist preferably of from to by weight of polyesters, with very particular preference from to by weight, from .to . by weight of catalysts, from .to . by weight of stabilizers, from to , preferably from to by weight of hydroxyethyl acrylate, from to , preferably from to by weight of reactive diluent and from to , preferably from to by weight of a diisocyanate component. the polyesters employed consist of from to by weight, preferably from to by weight of alcohol and from to , preferably from to by weight of acid and also by weight of customary auxiliaries. the preparation of the hydroxyl-containing polyester resins takes place in a known manner by esterifying polybasic carboxylic acids with polyhydric alcohols in the presence of appropriate catalysts. instead of the free acid it is also possible to employ its ester-forming derivatives. alcohols suitable for the preparation of polyesters are, for example, ethylene glycol, ,-propylene glycol, ,-propylene glycol, ,-butanediol ,-butanediol, ,-butanediol, ,-pentanediol, neopentyl glycol, diethylene glycol, triethylene glycol, and also triols, such as glycerol, trimethylolethane, trimethylolpropane and tris--hydroxyethyl isocyanurate, for example. it is also possible to employ cycloaliphatic alcohols, such as cyclohexanols and ,-bis hydroxy-methyl cyclohexane, aromatic alcohols, such as ,-xylylenediol, and also phenols, such as ,-bis -hydroxyphenyl propane bisphenol a . preference is given to the use of mixtures of trimethylolpropane, triethylene glycol and cyclohexane-dimethanol. also suitable are dihydric aliphatic alcohols, such as ,-hexanediol, ,-hexanediol, -methyl-,-pentanediol, -ethyl-,-butanediol, dimethylolcyclohexane, trihydric alcohols, such as trimethylolbutane, tetrahydric alcohols, such as pentaerythritol, and more highly polyhydric alcohols, such as di trimethylolpropane , di pentaerythritol and sorbitol. examples of suitable carboxylic acids are phthalic acid, isophthalic acid, terephthalic acid and the esterifiable derivatives thereof, such as the anhydrides provided they exist, for example, and the lower alkyl esters of these acids, such as, for example, methyl, ethyl, propyl, butyl, amyl, hexyl and octyl phthalates, terephthalates and isophthalates. the monoesters, the dialkyl esters and mixtures of these compounds can all be employed. also employable are the corresponding acid halides of these compounds. preference is given to mixtures of phthalic anhydride, isophthalic acid and adipic acid. aliphatic and or cycloaliphatic diisocyanates are suitable for preparing the urethane acrylate, examples being ,-cyclopentane, ,-cyclohexane and ,-cyclohexane diisocyanate, ,'-methylene-bis cyclohexyl isocyanate and isophorone diisocyanate, trimethylene, tetramethylene, pentamethylene, hexamethylene and trimethylhexamethylene ,-diisocyanate, and also the diisocyanates that are described in ep-a-204 161, column , lines to and are derived from dimeric fatty acids. preferably, isophorone diisocyanate is added onto the hydroxy-functional polyester. the polyurethane acrylates and or methacrylates are obtained by addition of hydroxyl-containing acrylic esters and or methacrylic esters, such as hydroxyethyl acrylate or hydroxybutyl acrylate, onto mono- and or oligomers that contain isocyanate groups. so that no unwanted polymerization takes place in the course of the addition reaction, polymerization inhibitors as stabilizers are generally added to the reaction mixture. suitable polymerization inhibitors include known products, such as substituted phenols, such as ,-di-tert-butyl-p-cresol, hydroquinones, such as methylhydroquinones, and thiol ethers, such as thiodiglycol or phenothiazine. depending on the viscosity of the esters the radiation-curable coating compositions may comprise reactive diluents, preferably copolymerizable compounds known for use in radiation-curable coating compositions, for example meth acrylic esters, especially methyl meth acrylate, ethyl meth acrylate, propyl meth acrylate, butyl meth acrylate, isopropyl meth acrylate, pentyl meth acrylate, isoamyl meth acrylate, hexyl meth acrylate, cyclohexyl meth acrylate, -ethylhexyl meth acrylate, octyl meth acrylate, ,,-trimethylhexyl meth acrylate, decyl meth acrylate, hexadecyl meth acrylate, octadecyl meth acrylate, octadecenyl meth acrylate, phenoxy-ethyl acrylate and also the corresponding esters of maleic, fumaric, tetrahydrophthalic, crotonic, isocrotonic, vinylacetic and itaconic acid. it is preferred to employ monomers having more than one double bond per molecule, examples being ethylene glycol diacrylate diethylene glycol diacrylate, propylene glycol diacrylate, trimethylene glycol diacrylate, neopentyl glycol diacrylate, ,butylane sic glycol diacrylate, ,-butylene glycol diacrylate, ,-hexamethylene glycol diacrylate, ,10decamethylene sic glycol ddiacrylate sic , trimethylolpropane ttriacrylate sic , pentaerythritol tetraacrylate and pentaerythritol tetraacrylate sic and also the corresponding methacrylates. also suitable are the ethoxylated or propoxylated derivatives, and the long-chain linear diacrylates described in ep-a-250 631 which have a molecular weight of from 400 to , preferably from 600 to . the two acrylate groups can be separated, for example, by a polyoxybutylene structure. it is possible, moreover, to employ ,-dodecyl diacrylate and the reaction product of mol of acrylic acid with mol of a dimeric fatty alcohol which generally has c atoms. very particular preference is given to the use of isobornyl acrylate, trimethylolpropane triacrylate and acrylic esters of ethoxylated pentaerythritol. the addition of this ethylenically unsaturated compound regulates the viscosity and the curing rate of the coating compositions and also the mechanical properties of the resulting coating, as is familiar to the skilled worker and is described, for example, in ep-a-223 086, to which reference is made for further details. the photoinitiator, which is normally employed in the coating compositions in an amount of from to by weight, preferably from to by weight, based on the overall weight of the coating compositions, varies with the radiation that is employed to cure the coating compositions uv radiation, electron beams, visible light . the coating compositions of the invention are preferably cured by means of uv radiation. in this case it is common to employ ketone-based photoinitiators, examples of which are acetophenone, benzophenone, diethoxyacetophenone, -hydroxy--methyl-phenylpropan--one, hydroxypropyl phenyl ketone, m-chloroacetophenone, propiophenone, benzoin, benzil, benzil dimethyl ketal, anthraquinone, thioxanthone and thioxanthone derivatives and triphenylphosphine and the like, and also mixtures of various photoinitiators. the coating compositions may in addition, if desired, comprise pigments and customary coatings fillers, customary auxiliaries and additives. the former are employed in amounts of from to by weight. the proportion of customary coatings fillers is from to by weight. auxiliaries and additives are normally employed in an amount of from to by weight, preferably from .to . by weight, based in each case on the overall weight of the coating composition. examples of substances of this type are leveling agents, plasticizers e.g. extenders, such as talc, heavy spar, aluminum silicate, dolomite, defoamers and film-forming auxiliaries, e.g. cellulose derivatives, matting agents in customary amounts and also, in particular, adhesion promoters. adhesion promoters employed here are alkoxysilanes, such as, for example, n- -aminoethyl-, -aminopropyltrimethoxysilane, -aminopropyltrimethoxysilane sic , n-methyl- -amino-propyltrimethoxysilane or triamino-modified propyltrimethoxysilane e.g. adhesion promoter dynaslyan.sup.r sic , "type triamo", commercial product of dynamit nobel chemie . as additional adhesion promoters it is possible to use from to , preferably from to by weight of a carboxy-functional meth acrylic ester. examples are -carboxyethyl acrylate and ebecryl 169 or 170, which can be obtained from ucb, s.a., drogenbos, belgium. the curing of the coating films is carried out by means of radiation, preferably by means of electron beams. the equipment and conditions for these curing methods are known from the literature cf. e.g. r. holmes, u.v. and e.b. curing formulations fur sic printing inks, coatings and paints, sita technology, academic press, london, united kingdom and require no further description. the curing of the coating films takes place directly following application or after the evaporation of water that is present by means of uv or electron beams. the equipment and conditions for these curing methods are known from the literature cf. e.g. r. holmes, u.v. and e.b. curing formulations for printing inks, coatings and paints, sita-technology, academic press, london, united kingdom , pages -111 and require no further description. in the coating formulations based on urethane acrylate that are described, the use of the acrylicized polyetherpolyol of the invention leads in particular to properties not hitherto achieved with other formulations. in particular, tensile strength and elongation at break can be controlled within wide ranges without substantially affecting the other properties of the coating film reactivity, chemical resistance, surface quality . the acrylicized polyetherpolyol can be diluted homogeneously with water to and hence permits sprayable aqueous coating materials which after the water has evaporated can be cured using electron beams or uv radiation. the values obtained so far in this case show a significant improvement over binders customary on the market to date.
__label__non_math	0.8335	us b2 the invention disclosed herein is directed to a fire retardant head-of-wall assembly configured to seal a linear head-of-wall construction joint or gap when exposed to a heat source such as a building fire. the inventive fire retardant head-of-wall assembly comprises a header track having an elongated intumescent strip affixed lengthwise on at least one of the outer sidewall surfaces of the header track and above a centrally located and outwardly protruding lengthwise corrugated groove. when exposed to a heat source such as a building fire, the intumescent strip is able to expand so as to at least partially fill the head-of-wall construction joint or gap; and in so doing, retard or prevent the spread of smoke and fire. the inventive fire retardant head-of-wall assembly has been certified as complaint with respect to underwriters laboratories, inc.'s standards set forth in its tests for fire resistance of building joint systems ul . . a header track for use in a stud wall assembly, comprising: a generally u-shaped top header track comprising a web and a pair of flanges, the web having a top surface and the flanges extending generally perpendicularly from opposing sides of the web; at least one strip of intumescent material coupled to the header track, the strip of intumescent material extending lengthwise relative to the header track with at least a portion of the strip of intumescent material located on a first portion of an outward-facing surface of one of the pair of flanges; an elongate protrusion extending lengthwise along the one flange, wherein the elongate protrusion is positioned between the at least one strip of intumescent material and a second portion of the outward-facing surface of the one flange; and wherein the intumescent material has a top portion that extends beyond the top surface of the web. . the header track of . the header track of this application claims the benefit of u.s. provisional application no. 997,521 filed on , and u.s. provisional application no. 007,439 filed on , which applications are incorporated herein by reference in their entireties for all purposes. the present invention relates generally to fire blocking and containment systems used in the construction of buildings and, more particularly, to fireblocks and fire blocking systems used to seal dynamic head-of-wall construction joints and gaps. metal framing assemblies used to construct commercial and residential buildings are common in the building construction arts. these metal framing assemblies are generally constructed from a plurality of metal framing members including studs, joists, trusses, and other metal posts and beams formed from sheet metal and frequently fabricated to have the same general cross-sectional dimensions as standard wood members used for similar purposes. metal framing members are typically constructed by roll-forming to gauge galvanized sheet steel. although many cross-sectional shapes are available, the primary shapes used in building construction are c-shaped studs and u-shaped tracks. in the building construction trade, a head-of-wall joint also sometimes referred to as a top-of-wall joint refers to the linear junction or interface existing between a top section of a framing wallboard wall assembly and the ceiling where the ceiling may be a next-level floor or corrugated pan roof deck, for example . head-of-wall joints often present a serious challenge in terms of reducing or preventing the spread of smoke and fire during a building fire. in this regard and in common practice, a wall to ceiling connection of many newly constructed buildings consists essentially of an inverted u-shaped elongated steel channel or track configured to receive steel studs between the legs of the shaped channel. a wallboard is generally attached to at least one side of the studs. the studs and wallboard are in many instances spaced apart from the ceiling a short gap distance in order to allow for ceiling deflections caused by seismic activity or moving overhead loads. channel and stud assemblies that allow for ceiling deflections are commonly referred to as dynamic head-of-wall systems. exemplary steel stud wall constructions may be found in u.s. pat. nos. ,854,096 and ,805,364 both to smolik, and u.s. pat. no. ,127,203 to paquette. exemplary dynamic head-of-wall systems having steel stud wall constructions may be found in u.s. pat. no. ,127,760 to brady, and u.s. pat. no. ,748,705 to orszulak et al. in order to contain the spread of smoke and fire, a fire resistant material such as, for example, mineral wool is often times stuffed into the gaps between the ceiling and wallboard see, e.g., u.s. pat. no. ,913,788 to herren . for example, mineral wool is often stuffed between a steel header track e.g., an elongated u-shaped channel and a corrugated steel roof deck used in many types of steel and concrete building constructions ; a fire resistant and generally elastomeric spray coating is then applied onto the exposed mineral wool to thereby form a fire resistant joint seal see, e.g., u.s. pat. no. ,240,905 to stahl . in certain situations where the ceiling to wallboard gap is relatively small, a fire resistant and elastomeric caulk is commonly applied so as to fill any small gaps. in still another approach and as disclosed in u.s. pat. nos. ,471,805 and ,755,066 both to becker, a slidable noncombustible secondary wall member is fastened to an especially configured steel header track and immediately adjacent to the wallboard. in this configuration, the secondary wall member provides a fire barrier that is able to accommodate ceiling deflections. all of these approaches, however, are relatively labor intensive and thus expensive. intumescent materials have long been used to seal certain types of construction gaps such as, for example, conduit through-holes. in this regard, intumescent and fire barrier materials often referred to as firestop materials or fire retardant materials have been used to reduce or eliminate the passage of smoke and fire through openings between walls and floors and the openings caused by through-penetrations i.e., an opening in a floor or wall which passes all the way through from one room to another in buildings, such as the voids left by burning or melting cable insulation caused by a fire in a modern office building. characteristics of fire barrier materials suitable for typical commercial fire protection use include flexibility prior to exposure to heat, the ability to insulate and or expand, and the ability to harden in place upon exposure to fire i.e., to char sufficiently to deter the passage of heat, smoke, flames, and or gases . although many such materials are available, the industry has long sought better and more effective uses of these materials and novel approaches for better fire protection, especially in the context of dynamic head-of-wall construction joints and gaps. thus, and although construction joints and gaps are generally sealed in some manner e.g., mineral wool and or elastomeric coatings; see also, u.s. patent application no. to klein , there are relatively few products and methods available that effectively and efficiently seal head-of-wall construction joints and gaps to thereby significantly enhance the ability of such joints and gaps to withstand smoke and fire penetration . in particular, there are very few products and methods available that address the needs for adequate fire protection and sealing of dynamic head-of-wall systems associated with steel stud wall constructions. thus, there is still a need in the art for new and improved fireblock systems and fire retarding devices, including related wall assemblies and methods. the present invention fulfills these needs and provides for further related advantages. in brief, the present invention in one embodiment is directed to a fire retardant head-of-wall assembly configured to seal a linear head-of-wall construction joint or gap when exposed to a heat source. the innovative fire retardant head-of-wall assembly comprises: an elongated sheet-metal footer track; an elongated sheet-metal header track confronting and vertically spaced apart from the footer track, the header track including a web integrally connected to a pair of spaced apart and downwardly extending sidewalls, the web having a top exterior web surface positioned immediately adjacent to a ceiling and a bottom interior web surface, each sidewall being substantially coplanar and having inner and outer sidewall surfaces, each sidewall having an upper sidewall portion adjacent to the web and a lower sidewall portion; an elongated intumescent strip affixed lengthwise on at least one of the outer sidewall surfaces of the pair of sidewalls, the intumescent strip being positioned on the upper sidewall portion, the intumescent strip having an outer strip surface offset from the outer sidewall surface an intumescent strip offset distance; a plurality of sheet-metal studs having upper and lower end portions, the studs being vertically positioned between the spaced apart and confronting footer and header tracks such that the lower end portions are received into the footer track and the upper end portions are received into the header track, each of the upper end portions of the plurality of studs being spaced apart from the bottom interior web surface of the header track a first gap distance that allows for ceiling deflections; and wallboard attached to at least one side of the plurality of studs, the wallboard having a top linear end surface positioned apart from the ceiling a second gap distance that allows for ceiling deflections and defines the construction joint of gap, the wallboard having an elongated upper interior wallboard surface in contact with the outer strip surface of the elongated intumescent strip. in another embodiment, the present invention is directed to an elongated u-shaped sheet-metal track that includes a web integrally connected to a pair of spaced apart and outwardly extending sidewalls, a plurality of vertically aligned slots positioned along at least one of the sidewalls, and at least one intumescent strip positioned along the sidewall having the plurality of vertically aligned slots and juxtaposed to the web. the drawings are intended to be illustrative and symbolic representations of certain exemplary embodiments of the present invention and as such they are not necessarily drawn to scale. in addition, it is to be expressly understood that the relative dimensions and distances depicted in the drawings and described in the detailed description of the invention section are exemplary and may be varied in numerous ways without departing from the scope and essence of the present invention. finally, like reference numerals have been used to designate like features throughout the several views of the drawings. referring now to the drawings wherein like reference numerals designate identical or corresponding elements, and more particularly to in this configuration and as best shown in as best shown in the intumescent strip is commercially available e.g., 3m company or the rectorseal corporation, u.s.a. and preferably has an adhesive backing that allows it to be readily affixed onto the outer sidewall surface . exemplary in this regard are the heat expandable compositions disclosed in u.s. pat. no. ,207,085 to ackerman incorporated herein by reference , which discloses a composition that, when subjected to heat, expands to form a heat-insulating barrier. the composition comprises a resinous emulsion that contains an expandable graphite, a fire retardant, and an optional inorganic intumescent filler. in order to ensure that the intumescent strip stays in place when exposed to heat, it has been found that a commercially available e.g., 3m company, u.s.a. fire-retardant epoxy adhesive may preferably also be used. in some embodiments, the intumescent strip may on its top surface include a protective foil tape or polyester coating not shown to protect the underlying material from degradation that may occur due to wall cycling. in a preferred embodiment, the elongated sheet-metal header track of the head-of-wall assembly also comprises a plurality of vertically aligned slots positioned at regular intervals along the pair of downwardly extending sidewalls . each slot has a preferred slot length d5 that is generally at least about two times greater than the first and second gap distances d1, d2, or preferably ranging from about inch to about inches wherein each slot may be partially covered by the intumescent strip . in this preferred embodiment, a plurality of fasteners secure the upper end portions of the plurality of studs to the header track , with each fastener extending through one of the slots and preferably being positioned about midway along each respective slot length d3 as shown in an additional embodiment of the u-shaped profile also having a minimum of one corrugation or hem in one leg of the profile and which the corrugation or hem protrudes away from the opposing leg. the corrugation or hem holds the wall sheathing away from the intumescent providing protection from degradation or displacement due to high level dynamic joint movements. this profile having a fire resistive material affixed to at least a leg with the corrugation. invention may have multiple corrugations with at least one on each leg and having the fire resistive material affixed to both legs. in addition at least one of the legs may contain pre punched slots which will allow a positive attachment of a screw through a slot into a wall stud. the invention is used as a combination top track or channel of a wall partition allowing wall stud framing to be inserted and held in a place between said legs and a fire resistive thermal block at joints in rated wall partitions. for dynamic joints the embodiment having a corrugation provides added protection of the affixed fire resistive materials from displacement or fatigue due to the wall sheathing cycling as a result of building movement or deflection. the corrugation creates an additional seal with the wall sheathing resting against the corrugation. the fire resistive materials provide a thermal break and create an expansive seal against smoke and flame when subjected to a fire event. for purposes of illustration and not restriction, the following example demonstrates various aspects and utility of the present invention. several mock-ups of a fire retardant head-of-wall assembly in accordance with the present invention were constructed and tested to evaluate the joint system's resistance to a heat source followed by a hose stream in accordance with underwriters laboratories, inc.'s standards set forth in its tests for fire resistance of building joint systems ul . each mock-up was constructed so as to have a inch head-of-wall linear construction gap, and the construction gap was cycled over this distance translating to a maximum of a inch gap when the ceiling was upwardly deflected a maximum distance of inch, and to a minimum of no gap when the ceiling was downwardly deflected a maximum distance of inch in order to demonstrate that the head-of-wall assembly was able to withstand meaning without failure of any of the wall assembly components various levels of cycling. more specifically, the several mock-ups successfully passed cycling levels i, ii, and iii with level cycle min for 500 cycles thermal expansion contraction , level cycles min for 500 cycles wind sway forces , and level cycles min seismic forces . after the successful cycling demonstration, the linear construction gap of one of the mock-ups was opened to its inch maximum and the whole mock-up was for a two hour period placed parallel and adjacent to an open oven heated to f. during this period no appreciable amounts of smoke or fire penetrated through the fire retardant head-of-wall assembly, and substantially all of the unexposed or far side wall materials inclusive of the intumescent strip remained intact and in place meaning that the mock-up passed ul's f-rating for restricting fire passage . in addition, all of the unexposed or far side wall materials inclusive of the intumescent strip remained below 425 f. meaning that the mock-up passed ul's t-rating for restricting thermal passage . finally, and within about minutes of being exposed to the open oven heat source, the exposed or near wall was subjected to a hose stream test i.e., a inch fire hose having a straight nozzle water stream at psi for seconds and no direct water stream penetrated through the wall meaning that the mock-up passed ul's h-rating for restricting hose stream passage . in view of the foregoing, the inventive fire retardant head-of-wall assembly has been certified as complaint with respect to underwriters laboratories, inc.'s standards set forth in its tests for fire resistance of building joint systems ul . while the present invention has been described in the context of the embodiments illustrated and described herein, the invention may be embodied in other specific ways or in other specific forms without departing from its spirit or essential characteristics. therefore, the described embodiments are to be considered in all respects as illustrative and not restrictive. the scope of the invention is, therefore, indicated by the appended claims rather than by the foregoing descriptions, and all changes that come within the meaning and range of equivalency of the claims are to be embraced within their scope.
__label__math	0.9701	a method for determining the approximately length and the azimuth of a hydraulic fracture after it has been formed in a subterranean formation without requiring the use of dedicated monitor wells or the need for positioning sensors at subsurface locations. basically, the present method involves the comparison of routine, seismic surveys carried out at the surface before and after the fracture is formed to thereby determine the approximate length and azimuth of the fracture. . a method for determining the approximate length and azimuth of a hydraulic fracture within a subterranean formation, said method comprising: carrying out a seismic survey of the formation from a first position on the surface before forming said hydraulic fracture in said formation; pumping a fracturing fluid through the wellbore of an injection well into said formation to initiate and propagate said hydraulic fracture therein; carrying out another seismic survey of the formation from the surface after said hydraulic fracture has been formed in said formation; and comparing said seismic surveys to determine the approximate length and azimuth of said hydraulic fracture; wherein the steps of carrying out said seismic surveys before and after the forming of said hydraulic fracture comprise: positioning a seismic source at said first position on one side of said injection well; positioning an array of acoustical-energy sensors on the the opposite side of said injection; activating said seismic source to generate and impart acoustical energy signals into the earth; and receiving said acoustical energy signals at said array after said signals have passed through the earth. . the method of claim wherein said another seismic survey is carried out while said fracture is open under pressure. . the method of claim wherein both said seismic source and said array are positioned at substantially equal distances from said injection well. . the method of claim wherein said equal distance from said injection is equal to approximately one-half the depth at which said hydraulic fracture is formed. . the method of claim wherein said array comprises: a first string of spaced acoustical energy sensors lying substantially parallel to the vertical plane of said hydraulic fracture; and a second string of spaced acoustical energy sensors crossing said first string of acoustical energy sensors and lying substantially perpendicular to said vertical plane of said hydraulic fracture. . the method of claim wherein said second string of acoustical energy sensors is substantially aligned with said injection well and said seismic source. . the method of claim wherein each of said plurality of acoustical-energy sensors comprises: . the method of claim including: carrying out at least one additional seismic survey before said hydraulic fracture is formed in said formation by repositioning said seismic source to a second position on said one side of said injection well; carrying out at least one additional seismic survey after said hydraulic fracture has been formed in said formation while said seismic source is at said second position; and comparing said respective at least one additional seismic surveys to further define the length and azimuth of said hydraulic fracture. . technical field the present invention relates to determining the length and azimuth of a fracture s in an earth formation and in one of its aspects relates to a method for determining the length and the direction i.e. azimuth which a fracture extends into a formation away from an injection well by using seismic surveys carried out on the surface. . background art in the production of hydrocarbons or the like from subterranean formations, it is common to "hydraulically fracture" a producing formation to increase its permeability, hence the productivity from the formation. in a typical hydraulic fracturing operation, a fracturing fluid e.g. a liquid such as a gel is injected under pressure into the formation through an injection well to form a vertical fracture which extends along a vertical plane into the formation for a distance i.e. length from either side of the injection well this fluid may carry entrained, particulate material such as sand or gravel commonly called "props" which is deposited in the fracture as the fracture is formed to prop or hold the fracture open after the fracturing pressure is relaxed. after carrying out such hydraulic fracturing operations, it is important to determine the extent i.e. length and the orientation i.e. azimuth of the fractures in order to properly "engineer" the production of hydrocarbons from the field during both primary and secondary recovery periods. that is, in the primary production of the formation, knowledge of the azimuth and the length of the fractures are vital considerations in properly locating and spacing production wells to maximize the production of the hydrocarbons from the fractured formation. likewise, knowing the relationship of the fractures to certain wells is vitally important in the secondary production of the formation wherein a drive fluid e.g. water, gas, etc. is injected into the formation through one or more injection wells and is flowed through the formation to thereby drive at least a part of the remaining hydrocarbons towards one or more production wells. if a fracture connects an injection well directly to a production well, the drive fluids will merely flow through the fracture and bypass most of remaining hydrocarbons. there are at least two basic techniques for determining the extent and orientation of hydraulic fractures; i.e. computer models based on known rock mechanics, etc. of the formation, and direct measurement of the fractures as, or after, they are actually formed. computer modelling of formations is complicated and normally reflect all of the known variables found in the specific formation to be fractured but does not include the unknown variables such as changes in lithology, faults, etc. accordingly, in some instances, the fracture predictions, based on such modelling, may significantly vary with the fractures actually formed in the formation. methods for directly measuring fractures include a stress orientation techniques such as oriented core samples, temperature and tracer logs, impression packers, etc. and b fracture monitoring techniques such as microseismic monitoring from a injection well and or spaced, monitor well s , surface tiltmeters, and interwell seimic techniques such as shear-wave shadowing. unfortunately, the reliability of measurements taken by surface tiltmeters decrease as the depth of the fracture increases their use is restricted. of the other known direct measurement techniques, only the seismic monitoring techniques provide any information as to what happens out in the formation away from the immediate vicinity of the injection wellbore. such seismic techniques include those proposed for real-time monitoring of fractures as the fractures are being formed. for example, an article entitled "active and passive imaging of hydraulic fractures", by p. b. willis et al, geophysics: the leading edge of exploration, july, , describes a system for monitoring the growth of hydraulic fractures wherein the seismic events created within the formation during the fracturing operation are detected and measured by geophones positioned within one or more instrumented monitor wells. the measured signals are then processed and analyzed to produce the fracture profile within the formation as the fracture is being formed in the formation. still another system proposed for monitoring the location and extent of a fracture as it is being formed is disclosed and claimed in the present inventor's co-pending, commonly-assigned u.s. patent application ser. no. 196,621, filed , wherein a plurality of sensors, e.g. geophones, are positioned in an injection well and or spaced monitor well s and are adapted to receive acoustical signals which are generated as the hydraulic fracture is being formed. this type of real-time monitoring of fractures show real promise. however, in carrying out these techniques, the sensors must be positioned downhole in the appropriate wells which, in turn, is likely to require dedicated, monitor wells to collect the necessary data. the drilling and completion of such wells, of course, adds significantly to the costs of the fracture operation and in some instances may make such operations financially prohibitive. accordingly, there is a need for a simple and relatively low cost method for quickly determining the approximate length and azimuth of a hydraulic fracture as it exists in a formation. the present invention provides a method for determining the approximate length and azimuth of a hydraulic fracture in a subterranean formation without positioning sensors at any subsurface locations, thereby eliminating the need for expensive, dedicated monitor wells. basically, the present method determines the approximate length and azimuth of the fracture by simply comparing substantially routine, seismic surveys which are carried out from the surface before and after the fracture is formed. that is, a first seismic survey is carried out from the surface in the vicinity of the injection well which is to be used in fracturing the formation before and after the fracture is formed. while the results may not be exact, they will nevertherless provide an realistic approximation of the length and location of the fracture at relatively low costs. more specifically, in carrying out the present invention, a typical seismic source e.g. air gun s ; vibrator s ; explosive s ; shear sources, etc. is positioned at a first position on one side of an injection well and an array comprised of a plurality of acoustical-energy sensors e.g. geophones is positioned on the the opposite side of the injection well. preferably, both the seismic source and the array are positioned at substantially equal distances from said injection well with this distance being equal to approximately one-half of the depth at which the fracture is to be formed. the array comprises a first string of a plurality of acoustical energy sensors which are positioned substantially parallel to the vertical plane of the expected hydraulic fracture and a second string of a plurality of acoustical energy sensors which cross said first string and which is positioned substantially perpendicular to the vertical plane of the expected hydraulic fracture. when the seismic source is in the first position with respect to the injection well, the second string of acoustical energy sensors is substantially aligned with both the well and the seismic source. as will be understood by those skilled in the art, the seismic source is activated to generate acoustical energy which passes downward in the earth where it is reflected back towards the surface from various subterranean layers as a series of acoustical signals. these reflected signals are received by the sensors in the array and both the travel time and the amplitude are measured and processed in accordance with known techniques to produce a first seimic survey i.e. seismic traces which provide a "picture" of the subsurface terrain around the injection well . also, the seismic source can be moved to at least one additional position second position on the same side of the injection well where an additional seismic survey is carried out to serve as an further reference in the determining the length and azimuth of the fracture. a fracturing fluid is then pumped through the injection well and into said formation to initiate and propagate a hydraulic fracture therein. after the fracture is formed and while the fracture is still open and under pressure, another routine seismic survey is carried out from the surface in the same manner as before. the corresponding reflected signals from the respective surveys are then correlated using well known techniques and by examining the differences in the seismic energy e.g. time delays, changes in velocity and amplitude passing through the vicinity of the fracture when closed and open, the signals, the length and azimuth with respect to the injection well can be determined. if the initial analyses of seismic surveys indicate that the fracture may have strayed significantly from the expected azimuth i.e. parallel to the first string of sensors , the seismic source may be again repositioned to its second position and an seismic survey is carried out from the second position while the hydraulic fracture is open and under pressure. this survey is compared to the survey taken at the second position before the fracture was formed to further and better define the length and azimuth of the skewed hydraulic fracture. again, by using only surface, standard seismic surveys to determine the approximate length and azimuth of a hydraulic fracture, the costs of such operations are significantly reduced. referring more particularly to the drawings, fig. is a plan or top view showing the surface layout for a seismic system used in accordance with the present invention for determining the approximate extent and azimuth of a fracture which is to be formed in subterranean formation from an injection well . as shown in fig. , well is drilled through formation and is cased with casing which, in turn, extends from the surface through formation with perforations therein adjacent the formation to be fractured. of course, casing may terminate above fracture zone which, in turn, may be completed "open hole", as will be understood by those skilled in the art. in accordance with the present invention, a sensor array is positioned on one side of injection well . preferably, array is comprised of two strings of a plurality of sensors which cross each other at approximately approximately one-half depth of formation . a first string 20a of sensors lies substantially parallel to the direction i.e. azimuth that fracture fig. expected to take as it is formed in formation ; this anticipated direction of the fracture being determined from well logs, core samples, known faulting, etc. as will be understood by those skilled in this art. the second string 20b of sensors lies substantially perpendicular to string 20a and hence, perpendicular to the expected azimuth of fracture . sensors may be selected from any well known acoustic-energy sensing devices e.g. geophones of the type typically used in surface or subsurface seismic surveys. such devices generate a signal in response to received acoustical energy and then transmit the generated signal on for recording or further processing. for example, sensor may be a geophone unit not shown which is comprised of three orthogonally-arranged detectors e.g. hz broad band type detector such as is commercially-available as a type sm-from sensor, houston, tex. wherein the detectors are oriented to provide one vertical and two horizontal energy-sensing and signal-transmitting channels. further, seismic sensor array may also include means for cancelling surface noise signals which may be caused by wind, machinery, etc., thereby improving the quality of the received signals. one such system is disclosed in u.s. pat. no. ,890,264, which is incorporated herein by reference. a seismic source is positioned on the opposite side of injection well at a first position a which, again, is equal to approximately one-half the depth of formation . source , when in position "a", is substantially aligned with both well and array string 20b. source may selected from any acoustically-generating device of those types typically used in known seismic operations for imparting acoustical energy into the earth. for example, source may be a compressional wave "p-wave" and or shear wave "s-wave" generator e.a. "air gun s ", vibrator s , explosives, shear source, etc. , as will be understood in the art. in carrying out the present invention, a first or reference seismic survey is carried out before formation is fractured. that is, source is positioned at point "a" fig. which is substantially in line with well and string 20b of array and is actuated to impart acoustical energy signals into the ground. as will be understood by those skilled in the art, these signals follow raypaths only some shown and pass downwardly in the earth where they are reflected or "bounced" off various layers reflective planes therein. these reflected signals travel upward to the surface where they are detected and received by the various sensors . by using the travel times and or amplitudes of the signals received at the various sensors , the depths and types of the various reflective layers can be determined. if logs, cores, and other known geological information indicate that the azimuth of fracture is likely to vary or skew away from the predicted direction, additional seismic surveys should also be carried from additional points, e.g. source can be positioned at points "b" and "c" fig. , to provide additional reference surveys of the subsurface geology for a purpose to be described below. once the reference seismic surveys have been completed, formation can then be fractured by pumping a fracturing fluid down the injection well and out into the formation through perforations . as will be understood by those skilled in the art, the fracturing fluid which will normally initiate and propagate a fracture vertical at greater depths and horizontal at lesser depths into formation on either side of well . as fracture is being formed, the fracture surfaces will be held apart e.g. one half-inch wide by the pressure of the fracturing fluid therein. the fracture will remain open until this pressure is relieved whereupon leakoff of the fracturing fluid will cause the fracture closes. in accordance with the present invention, a second seismic survey is carried out while fracture is open and still under pressure. the survey is carried out in the same manner as described above. however, as known, the s-waves of the acoustical, seismic signals will not pass through liquids, e.g. the fracturing fluid in open fracture . accordingly, by recording the s-waves signals at each sensors and comparing or correlating these signals to those s-wave signals received at the same respective sensors during the reference survey e.g. by "shear wave shadowing" , the approximate length and the azimuth of fracture in formation can be determined with reasonable accuracy. for a good discussion of "shear wave shadowing", see "active and passive imaging of hydraulic fractures", by p. b. willis et al, geophysics: the leading edge of exploration, july, . also, as the fracturing operation is being carried out, an excess pressure zone dotted line "z" in fig. is established in formation around well . this zone effects the velocity of the compressional waves, i.e. p-waves, as they pass therethrough, which, in turn, changes both the travel time and amplitude of these signals. the amplitude of the p-waves varies due to the energy-partitioning at the boundry of zone z as described by the well-known zoeppritz equations. accordingly, the differences between the p-waves received from formation prior to and after the fracturing operation can be analyzed to determine or confirm the length and or azimuth of fracture . where the comparison of surveys taken with source at point a fig. indicates that fracture has not followed its expected direction i.e. one which is substantially parallel to string 20a of array , it may be desirable to move source or use alternate sources at points b and or c to carry out additional seismic surveys from these points while the fracture 11a fig. is still open and under pressure. it will be seen that the raypaths 22a followed by the signals generated at point b fig. and or point c not shown will differ substantially from the raypaths generated from point a. accordingly, by comparing the signals e.g. arrival times, amplitudes, etc. of the s-waves and or p-waves received at each of the sensors along strings 20a and 20b with the respective signals from the reference surveys taken at point b and or c before the fracture was formed, a better approximation of both the length and the azimuth of the skewed fracture 11a can be made. the actual construction, operation, and apparent advantages of the present invention will be better understood by referring to the drawings which are not necessarily to scale and in which like numerals identify like parts and in which: fig. is a plan view, partly broken away, showing typical raypaths of signals emanating from a seismic source which is positioned on one side of an injection well as the signals are reflected off a subterranean fracture and are received by an array of acoustical sensors positioned on the other side of the well; fig. is an idealized, sectional view, taken along line --of fig. ; and fig. is a plan view, similar to fig. , disclosing a second seismic operation being carried out with the seismic source being moved to a second position.
__label__non_math	0.9998	hcp, inc. hcp is a real estate investment trust reit . the company invests primarily in real estate serving the healthcare industry in the united states. hcp acquires, develops, leases, manages and disposes of healthcare real estate and provides financing to healthcare providers. the company s portfolio consists of investments in the five healthcare segments: senior housing, life science, medical office, post-acute skilled nursing and hospital. the company makes investments within its healthcare segments using the five investment products: properties under lease, debt investments, developments and redevelopments, investment management and ridea, which represents investments in senior housing operations. during the year ended , the company sold three senior housing facilities. in october , emeritus corp announced that hcp closed the acquisition of 127 of the 133 senior housing communities.
__label__math	0.9884	plush textured multicolored flock transfers are obtained which have the appearance of a direct flocked article and the manufacturing and application advantages of a flock transfer. the method of manufacture includes applying sequentially to an adhesive coated base sheet different colored flocks which can be greater than .mm long through predetermined areas of masked screens. . a multicolor flock transfer comprising: a a base sheet having a surface area coated with a release adhesive; b precolored flock of at least two different colors that are longer than .mm having ends adhering to said surface area in the form of predetermined color patterns of a design; and c a binding adhesive applied to other ends of said precolored flock, whereby said predetermined color patterns of said design of said multicolor flock is adapted to be transferred onto a product. . the multicolor flock transfer of claim , wherein said flock has a length of at least mm. . the multicolor flock transfer of claim , wherein said mulicolor flock transfer is affixed to a textile. . a method of making a multicolored flock design on a product comprising: a printing a release adhesive upon a base sheet; b sequentially flocking different precolored flock through open sections of different barriers into said release adhesive to result in a plurality of single color patterns arranged to form a predetermined flock design; c applying a binding adhesive to free ends of said flock to form a transfer of said flock design; and d transferring said flock design from said base sheet to vividly form said flock design on a surface of a product. . the method of claim wherein said base sheet is paper. . the method of claim wherein said base sheet is transparent. . the method of claim , wherein said precolored flock has a length greater than .mm. . the method of claim , wherein said precolored flock has a length at least mm. . the method of claim , wherein said barrier is a mesh screen. . the method of claim wherein said binding adhesive comprises an adhesive to bind the fibers and a hot melt adhesive. . the method of claim wherein said hot melt adhesive is applied as a separate adhesive layer. . the method of claim wherein each of said barriers is a mesh screen. . the method of claim , wherein said product is a textile. . the method of claim , wherein said flock has a length greater than .mm. . the method of claim , wherein said flock has a length of at least mm. . the method of claim , wherein said transferring comprises subjecting said flock design to heat and pressure and wherein said product is a textile. . the method of claim wherein said base sheet is removed following the application to a textile by heat and pressure. . the method of claim , wherein said product is a textile. i. field of the invention the invention generally relates to a method of manufacturing flock transfers. specifically, the invention is direct to multicolor flock transfers which exhibit an enhanced texture. ii. description of the prior art there are two basic method of applying a multi-color flock design to a surface. the first method is referred to as multi-color direct flocking. the flock is applied directly to the surface that forms the finished product. usually wallpaper, carpets and decorative elements of garments are produced in this manner. an example of direct flocking is found in u.s. pat. no. ,793,050 to mumpower. this particular direct flocking method is unique in that it allows the use of different color and size of flock in the same design surface to be flocked. the adhesive is rendered tacky and each color of flock is passed through a screen that restricts that color to the desired part of the adhesive layer. a multicolor flock design is thus obtained on the surface. multicolor direct flocking suffers a number of disadvantages. it is an exacting procedure with many variables to be controlled requiring specialized flocking equipment and an environment that is controlled for relative humidity. during the startup of such a procedure many reject-quality articles may result as the variables are adjusted by trial and error, and the desired result is found. the procedure is relatively slow since usually only one article at a time may be decorated. further, if the article to be decorated has an uneven surface like many textiles, then density of the flock, control, speed and the quality of the finished design i.e. sharpness of lines separating colors, vivid images, etc., would be adversely affected. thus, direct flocking has been limited in use in the united states. flock transfers are a second method of employing flock fibers in a decorative manner. examples of these transfers are illustrated in u.s. pat. nos. ,292,100 and ,396,662 both to higashiguchi and uk patent application nos. ,065,031 to maitland and ,126,951 to transworth. transfers are formed by applying flock to a release sheet having a temporary release adhesive coating. the flock is then dyed with different color inks and coated with a binding layer and hot melt adhesive in a desired decorative design. the tranfers are applied to articles with heat and pressure. the release sheet is peeled away leaving a finished decorative design. conventional multicolor flock transfers have not achieved significant commercial success in the united states due to a number of inherent limitations. the basic underlying problem is that a richly textured appearance has not been achieved using flock to justify the additional cost over conventional screen printing. the flock transfers are relatively flat and thus a plush textured multicolored look is not achieved. a fundamental limitation of the flock transfer manufacturing method is the problem of penetrating the flock fiber with printing ink to form the desired design. typical flocks used in flock transfers are only .mm long. this is unlike direct flocking which can use colored flocks of approximately mm to mm in length. an objective of the present invention is to produce a plush textured flock transfer which presents a plush textured three dimensional appearance. a second objective is to provide a means of producing plush-textured multicolored flock transfers which can be manufactured in batches containing more than one transfer per batch. a third objective of the invention is to provide a method of decorating articles with a multi-color plush textured design which overcomes the disadvantages and limitations of direct flocking. finally, an objective of the invention is to allow manufacturers of products to economically make use of plushly-textured flock designs in place of screen printed designs. a method of making a multi-colored flock transfer which comprises the printing of a release adhesive upon a base sheet in a predetermined design. each different color flock is then sequentially flocked into its designated part of the adhesive design, separated from eath other by screens. the free end of the flock fibers are coated with a binding adhesive upon which a hot melt adhesive is applied. fig. is a cross-sectional view of the flock transfer of the invention. fig. is a cross-sectional view of the flock transfer of the invention being applied to a surface. as shown in fig. the transfer of the present invention comprises a dimensionally stable paper sheet to which a conventional flock transfer release adhesive , usually silicone wax, is applied in the reverse of a desired pattern. that is a pattern which corresponds to the overall image which is to be flocked. the flock which may be rayon or any other type of conductive material such as nylon, polyester etc. is applied to the activated adhesive by conventional electrostatic means or gravity. in order to achieve a multicolor effect the flock is applied through a gauze-like mesh screen. the different colors are achieved by using different color flock. as each color is applied a different screen is used which only allows penetration of the particular colored flock onto its section of the release adhesive . since the flock is not printed with ink following flocking as in a conventional multicolor transfer, the length of the flock can be substantially increased to mm as opposed to the conventional .mm. thus, the transfer is much more plush, vivid and three dimensional. the flock is coated with a binder adhesive such as a water based acrylic which binds the flock into a unit. the binder may contain an additional adhesive, a hot melt, for binding the transfer to a substrate. in the alternative the hot melt adhesive , usually a granular polyester or nylon, may form a separate layer. the use of separate hot melt layers is preferable. fig. illustrates the application of the transfer to a textile or other surface. the hot melt surface is placed against the textile . heat and pressure is applied to the release sheet in order to bond the transfer to the garment. the release sheet with the adhesive is then pulled away from the flock . this leaves a transfer permanently affixed to the garment. the present invention utilizes the general materials and flocking techniques found in u.s. pat. nos. ,793,050; ,292,100; and ,396,662 and uk patent application nos. ,065,031 and ,126,951 all of which are incorporated by reference herein. although the invention utilizes conventional materials and techniques which can be generally found in various prior art references, the particular combination of elements of the present invention produces a unique and superior flock transfer. an example of the method of producing the flock transfers of the invention comprises: a silicone wax layer in the reverse of a predetermined pattern is applied to a dimensionally stable base sheet , such as, a bond paper. a first color of rayon flock is passed through a monofiliment polyester screen for ten to fifteen seconds through an electrostatic field. the screen has open sections in those areas which correspond to the first colored section of the reversed design. the flock is inbedded in the wax layer since the wax acts as a ground for the charged particles. this procedure is then followed for each succeeding color of rayon flock that is to be electrostatically flocked in order to form the desired design. the unit is then dried. the tips of the exposed flock is printed using conventional screen printing equipment with a water based acrylic binder - water . the binder binds the flock and further provides opacity and brilliance by reflecting light. the binder is powdered with a nylon polyester hot melt adhesive . the transfer is then dryed overnight. after brushing and vacuuming excess adhesive the transfer is placed in an infrared dryer to cross link the binder and adhesive . to apply the transfer to a textile , the adhesive surface is positioned on the textile . heat and pressure -seconds at 300-350 degrees f. is applied to the paper . the transfer is allowed to cool and the paper and wax are removed by peeling the paper from the flock . the desired flock design is thus permanently affixed to the textile.
__label__math	0.7858	a cardiac pacemaker pulse generator is adapted to .generate electrical stimuli at a first pacing rate, and to selectively increase the rate to a second higher pacing rate. a timer triggers the rate increase to establish the higher rate as an exercise rate folloing the passage of a preset period of time after the timer is enabled. an external magnet controlled by the patient activates a reed switch to enable the timer to commence timing. the pulse generator is further adapted to respond to a second pass of the magnet over the reed switch after enabling of the timer to thereupon disable the timer before the preset period of time has expired. if the second pass of the magnet occurs after the exercise rate has begun, the element for increasing the rate is disabled to return the pulse generator to the lower pacing rate. the change in pacing rates is made in steps. . in combination with an implantable cardiac pacemaker for delivering electrical stimuli to the heart of a patient to pace the heart rate, said pacemaker comprising: pulse generator means for selectively producing said electrical stimuli at a fixed resting rate and at a higher exercise rate, lead means associated with said pulse generator for delivering said stimuli to a selected chamber of the heart, and timer means for stepping-up said pulse generator means from said resting rate to said exercise rate after an adjustable preset delay following activation of said timer means, said preset delay being of a duration perceptible by the patient; and external control means for patient initiation of a first command to said pacemaker to activate said timer means. . in combination with an implantable cardiac pacemaker for delivering electrical stimuli to the heart of a patient to pace the heart rate, said pacemaker comprising: pulse generator means for selectively producing said electrical stimuli at a fixed resting rate and a higher exercise rate, lead means associated with said pulse generator for delivering said stimuli to a selected chamber of the heart, and delay means for stepping-up said pulse generator means from said resting rate to said exercise rate after an adjustable preset delay following activation of said delay means, means associated with said pulse generator means and said delay means for maintaining said exercise rate for a predetermined time interval following said preset delay and then returning said pulse generator means to said resting rate; and an external control means for patient-initiation of a command to said pacemaker to activate said delay means. . the combination according to claim , wherein said delay means is responsive to a second command initiated by the patient from said external control means at any time after receipt of the first said command and before the expiration of said predetermined time interval, to cancel the activation of said delay means. . the combination according to claim , wherein the stepping up and returning of said rates at which said stimuli are produced by said pulse generator means is effected gradually. . an implantable pulse generator unit for a cardiac pacemaker for use with an external magnet to permit patient-initiated adjustment of pacing rate from a resting rate to an exercise rate and vice versa, said unit comprising: generator means for generating electrical stimuli at said resting rate, control means associated with said generator means responsive, when enabled, for controllably increasing the rate at which electrical stimuli are generated from said generator means from said resting rate to said exercise rate, and timer means responsive to positioning of said external magnet in proximity to said pulse generator unit for enabling said control means an adjustable preset delay period after said positioning, said preset delay period being of a duration perceptible to the patient. . an implantable pulse generator unit for a cardiac pacemaker for use with an external magnet to permit patient-initiated adjustment of pacing rate from a resting rate to an exercise rate and vice versa, said unit comprising: generator means for generating electrical stimuli at said resting rate, control means associated with said generator means responsive, when enabled, for controllably increasing the rate at which electrical stimuli are generated by said generator means from said resting rate to said exercise rate, said control means including timing means for maintaining the rate at which electrical stimuli are generated by said generator means at said exercise rate for a predetermined time interval; and delay means responsive to positioning of said external magnet in proximity to said pulse generator unit for enabling said control means an adjustable preset delay period thereafter. . the pulse generator unit of claim , wherein said control means automatically returns said generator means to said resting rate following the expiration of said predetermined time interval. . the pulse generator unit of claim , wherein said control means gradually increases the rate at which electrical stimuli are generated by said generator means from said resting rate to said exercise rate, and gradually returns said generator means to said resting rate following the expiration of said predetermined time interval. . the pulse generator unit of claim , wherein said delay means is responsive to a repositioning of said external magnet in proximity to said pulse generator unit after said control means has been enabled, for disabling said control means. . a cardiac pacemaker pulse generator for generating electrical stimuli to be delivered to the heart of a patient to pace the heart rate, said generator comprising: means for generating said electrical stimuli at a first pacing rate, means electrically connected to said stimuli generating means for selectively increasing the rate at which said stimuli are generated to a second higher pacing rate, timing means for triggering said rate increasing means to increase said first pacing rate to a second higher pacing rate upon passage of an adjustable preselected period of time after said timing means is enabled, said preselected period of time being of a duration perceptible by the patient, means responsive to a command signal from a patient-activated external device for enabling said timing means to commence timing. . the pulse generator according to claim , wherein said enabling means is further responsive to a second command signal after said timing means is enabled, to disable said timing means prior to passage of said preselected period of time. . the pulse generator according to claim , further including means responsive to a second command signal while said stimuli are being generated at said second higher pacing rate, for disabling said rate increasing means and thereby returning the rate at which said stimuli are generated by said stimuli generating means to said first pacing rate. . the pulse generator according to claim , wherein said rate increasing means is responsive, when disabled, to decrementally reduce the rate at which said stimuli are generated by said stimuli generating means. . the pulse generator according to claim , wherein said rate increasing means is responsive to said timing means reaching preset time intervals toward passage of said preselected period of time, for incrementally increasing the rate at which said stimuli are generated by said stimuli generating means in steps as each preset time interval is reached. . the method of pacing a pacemaker patient's heart rate using a magnet-controlled implantable pulse generator to adjust the stimulation rate from a resting rate to an exercise rate and vice versa, comprising the steps of maintaining the stimulation rate of said pulse generator at said resting rate, initiating a command signal to reset the stimulation rate of said pulse generator to said exercise rate after an adjustable programmed delay period following said command signal, and returning the stimulation rate of said pulse generator to said resting rate in increments following a predetermined interval of time at said exercise rate. the present invention relates generally to medical devices, and more particularly to implantable artificial cardiac pacemakers adapted to provide patient-variable stimulation rates appropriate to a condition of exercise by the patient. the resting heart rate of sinus rhythm, that is, the rate determined by the spontaneously rhythmic electrophysiologic property of the heart's natural pacemaker, the sinus node, is typically in the range from about to about beats per minute bpm for adults. disruption of the natural cardiac pacing and propagation system may occur with advanced age and or cardiac disease, and is often treated by implanting an artificial cardiac pacemaker in the patient to restore and maintain the resting heart rate to the proper range. in its simplest form, an implantable pacemaker for treatment of bradycardia abnormally low resting rate, typically below beats per minute bpm includes an electrical pulse generator powered by a self-contained battery pack, and a catheter lead including at the distal end a stimulating cathodic electrode electrically coupled to the pulse generator. the lead is implanted intravenously to position the cathodic electrode in stimulating relation to excitable myocardial tissue in the selected chamber on the right side of the patient's heart. the pulse generator unit is surgically implanted in a subcutaneous pouch in the patient's chest, and has an integral electrical connector to receive a mating connector at the proximal end of the lead. in operation of the pacemaker, the electrical pulses are delivered typically, on demand via the lead electrode system, including an anodic electrode such as a ring behind the tip for bipolar stimulation or a portion of the pulse generator case for unipolar stimulation, and the body tissue and fluid, to stimulate the excitable myocardial tissue. pacemakers may operate in different response modes, such as asynchronous fixed rate , inhibited stimulus generated in absence of specified cardiac activity , or triggered stimulus delivered in presence of specified cardiac activity . further, present-day pacers range from the simple fixed rate device that offers pacing with no sensing of cardiac activity function, to fully automatic dual chamber pacing and sensing functions so-called ddd pacemakers which may provide a degree of physiologic pacing by at least a slight adjustment of heart rate according to varying metabolic conditions in a manner akin to the natural pacing of the heart. thus, some ddd pacemaker patients experience an increased pacing rate with physical exertion, with concomitantly higher cardiac output, and thereby, an ability to handle low levels of exercise. unfortunately, a significant percentage of the pacemaker patient population, who suffer from atrial flutter, atrial fibrillation or sick-sinus syndrome, for example, cannot obtain the benefit of exercise-responsive pacing with conventional atrial-triggered pacemakers. moreover, the ddd-type pacemakers are complex and costly to manufacture, which is reflected in a higher price to the patient. it is a principal object of the present invention to provide a relatively simple and inexpensive pacemaker which provides pacing at a desired resting rate, and which is subject to limited control by the patient to provide a desired exercise rate for a preset period of time following which the pacemaker returns to the resting rate. various types of rate responsive pacemakers have been proposed which would sense a physiological parameter that varies as a consequence of physical stress, such as respiration, blood oxygen saturation or blood temperature, or merely detect physical movement, and correspondingly adjust the pacing rate. many of these rate responsive pacemakers may also be relatively complex, and therefore expensive to the patient. the present invention is directed toward a low cost pacemaker which can be adjusted at will by the patient, subject to the limited amount of control programmed into the device by the physician for that patient. according to the invention, patient control is manifested by bringing an external magnet into proximity with an implanted reed switch associated with the pacemaker. of course, limited magnet control has been afforded to the patient in the past for some purposes, such as to enable transtelephonic monitoring of the pacemaker functions. also, techniques are presently available which permit external adjustment of the stimulation rate of the pacemaker after implantation, as by means of a programming unit available to the physician. for obvious reasons, it is undesirable to give the patient the same latitude to control his pacemaker. in u.s. pat. no. ,623,486, berkovits disclosed a pacemaker adapted to operate at either of two stimulation rates, and switchable from one to the other by the physician using an external magnet. in this manner, the physician would be able to control the pacer mode and rate according to the needs of the particular patient. the purpose, in part, was to provide a pacemaker which had some adaptability to the patient's requirements. however, once set by the physician, the selected resting rate was maintained for that patient by the implanted pacer. another technique for external adjustment of pacing rate by the physician is found in the disclosures of u.s. pat. no. ,198.195 to chardack, and u.s. pat. no. ,738,369 to adams et al. in each, rate control is exercised by inserting a needle through a pacemaker aperture beneath the patient's skin to adjust a mechanism. in the adams et al. disclosure, the needle is used to change the position of a magnet within the paper to actuate a rate-controlling reed switch. in u.s. pat. no. ,766,928, goldberg et al. describe an arrangement for continuous adjustment of rate by a physician using an external magnet that cooperates with a magnet attached to the shaft of a rate potentiometer in the implanted pacemaker, to provide the initial setting of pacing rate desirable for the particular patient. more recent proposals offer the patient limited control over the pacing rate. in u.s. pat. no. ,365,633, loughman et al. disclose a pacemaker programmer which is conditioned by the physician to give the patient the capability to select any of three distinct rates: for sleep, for an awake resting state, and for exercise. the programmer generates a pulsating electromagnetic field, and allows the patient to select any of those three modes with an abrupt change in rate when the coil pod of the programmer is positioned over the implanted pacemaker. it is, of course, necessary to have the programmer at hand in order to change the stimulation rate, and the use of the device in public can be a source of extreme embarassment to the patient. in u.s. pat. no. ,545,380, schroeppel describes a technique for manual adjustment of rate control contrasted with the activity sensing, automatic rate control disclosed by dahl in u.s. pat. no. ,140,132. according to the schroeppel patent, a piezoelectric sensor and associated circuitry are combined with the implanted pulse generator of the pacemaker to allow the patient to change from a resting rate to a higher rate by sharp taps on his chest near the site of the piezoelectric sensor. such an arrangement requires that the sensor be sufficiently sensitive to respond to the patient's sharp taps, and yet be insensitive to the everyday occurrences the patient encounters while undergoing normal activities and which could otherwise result in false triggerings. these include presence in the vicinity of loud noise such as is generated by street traffic, being jostled in a crowd, experiencing bumps and vibrations while riding in a vehicle, and the like. further, even when controlled in the manner described, this type of switching results in an abrupt, non-physiological change of rate. accordingly, it is another object of the present invention to provide a pacemaker which is capable of being controlled externally by the patient to assume exercise and non-exercise rate modes, in a manner that allows discreet and yet reliable control. yet another object of the invention is to provide a cardiac pacemaker whose stimulation rate is controllable by and according to a schedule selected by the patient. briefly, according to the present invention a cardiac pacemaker is manually controllable by the patient to preset time intervals of operation at a relatively high exercise rate and lower resting rate according to the patient's own predetermined schedule of exercise and rest. an important aspect of the invention is that the pulse generator may be implemented to undergo an adjustment of stimulation rate from a fixed resting rate of, say, bpm, to a preselected exercise rate of, say, 120 bpm, following a predetermined period of time after activation by the patient using an external magnet, that is, after a predetermined delay following a patient-initiated command signal, and to remain at the higher rate for a preselected time interval. thus, the patient may effectively "set a clock" in his pacemaker to elevate his heart rate at the time and for the duration of a scheduled exercise session, such as a game of tennis. moreover, he may activate the pacemaker in this manner in the privacy of his own home well in advance of the exercise session. according to another aspect of the invention, the pulse generator is implemented to return automatically to the resting rate at the expiration of the preselected exercise rate time interval. hence, the patient need not carry his magnet with him to readjust the pacer to the resting rate at the completion of the scheduled exercise session. according to this aspect, after operating at the elevated stimulation rate for a time interval preselected to be suitable for the exercise session, say, one hour, the generator resets itself to return to the initial resting rate. according to another feature of the invention, the rate is incremented and decremented in steps from one rate setting to the other to avoid abrupt changes, and therefore to provide a more physiological rate control than has heretofore been available in manually controlled pacemakers. a further feature of the invention is that the pulse generator may be activated to disable the exercise rate command at any time after it has been given, including that to produce an early conclusion to an already-commenced exercise session. for example, if a scheduled tennis game or bicycling run is called off by the patient's partner after the patient has programmed in the higher rate, he need merely apply the magnet in proximity to the implanted pulse generator again to cancel the previous command and maintain the fixed resting rate. similarly, if the exercise session is shortened, the rate may be returned to the resting rate by simply applying the magnet over the pulse generator. the above and still further objects, aspects, features and attendant advantages of the present invention will become apparent to those of ordinary skill in the field to which the invention applies from a consideration of the following detailed description of a preferred embodiment thereof, taken in conjunction with the accompanying drawing, in which: fig. is a block circuit diagram of a pulse generator unit of a cardiac pacemaker according to a preferred embodiment of the invention. referring now to fig. , an implantable pulse generator unit includes a pulse generator and batteries housed in a biocompatible metal case . pulse generator is implemented to be rate limited to generate output pulses at rates up to either of two low high limit rates--for example, pulses per minute ppm and 120 ppm, respectively--and to be incremented from the lower rate to the higher rate and decremented from the higher rate to the lower rate under the control of an up down counter associated with the pulse generator in unit . counter may be set by application of a voltage level to its "up" input to commence counting toward the higher rate, and thereby to incrementally step the pulse repetition frequency up to that rate, and may be reset by application of a voltage level to its "down" input to commence counting toward the lower rate, and thereby decrementally step the pulse repetition frequency down to that rate. this is accomplished under the control of set and reset output voltage levels generated by a flip-flop circuit also housed in case . the pulse generator unit also includes a reed switch which is actuable by placement of a magnet , external to the skin of the patient in whom the unit is implanted, in proximity to case . reed switch , when actuated, serves to enable a delay timer in unit . the delay timer responds to the enabling input to commence timing of its preset time delay interval. at the end of the delay interval, delay timer produces a pulse for application to the flip-flop . subsequent actuation of the reed switch before the timer has timed out serves to disable the timer and reset it in preparation for a subsequent enabling signal from the reed switch. if timer has already timed out before the reed switch is again actuated, the timer will respond to the disabling input, when the reed switch is actuated, to produce another pulse for application to the flip-flop . the flip-flop is thereupon reset and produces its reset output voltage level. the set and reset output voltage levels of flip-flop are also applied respectively to "set" and "reset" inputs of an interval timer . upon being set, the interval timer commences timing out a predetermined time interval, and, at the expiration of that interval, generates a pulse for application to flip-flop . upon being reset, the interval timer is returned to the start of the predetermined time interval in preparation for initiating the timing of that interval on receipt at its "set" input of the next set output voltage level from the flip-flop. the preset time period of delay timer and the predetermined time interval of interval timer are programmable by the physician according to the desires and needs of the particular patient. if, for example, the patient has a regularly scheduled early morning brisk walking session of one hour with friends, and resides near the starting point of the walk, the time period of the delay timer may be programmed to be fifteen minutes. the time interval of the interval timer is programmed to be one hour in length. in operation, the pulse generator produces output pulses at the resting rate prescribed and programmed by the physician for the particular patient--in this exemplary embodiment, a resting rate of bpm. the pulses are delivered to the stimulating cathodic electrode in the right ventricle of the heart via a lead , the reference electrode anode and the body tissue and fluids, according to the mode in which the pacemaker is designed to operate. in the preferred embodiment, the pacemaker continues to operate at that rate unless and until the patient elects to initiate the exercise rate cycle. to do so, the patient places the magnet in proximity to the implanted pulse generator unit at about fifteen minutes prior to the appointed time for the exercise session, as a command to actuate reed switch . the patient may then choose to leave the magnet at home or take it along in the glove compartment of his car, since actuation of the reed switch has enabled the delay timer and nothing more need be done by the patient to enable the pacemaker to commence the exercise rate at the expiration of the preset delay period. before the end of that period the patient has arrived at the starting point for the exercise session, and at the end of the delay period, the delay timer applies a pulse to flip-flop which responds by generating a set output voltage level. the set voltage is applied to both the "up" input of counter and the "set" input of interval timer . accordingly, the counter commences its count, preferably at a relatively slow rate of, say, ten counts per minute, and correspondingly incrementally steps the pulse generator output rate up to the upper rate limit of 120 ppm, and thereby gradually increases the patient's heart rate from bpm to 120 bpm as the patient commences to exercise. hence, the patient's heart rate and cardiac output are now at levels adequate for the patient to carry out the exercise session. the pulse generator continues to supply pulses at the upper rate limit until interval timer , which commenced its predetermined time interval with the application of the set input voltage, times out, whereupon the interval timer produces an output pulse which is applied to flip-flop to reset the latter. the flip-flop responds by providing a reset output voltage level for application to the "down" input of counter and the "reset" input of the interval timer. accordingly, the counter decrementally steps the pulse repetition frequency of the pulse generator down, preferably at the ten pulses per minute rate, to the lower rate limit of ppm corresponding to a heart rate of bpm. in this manner, the patient's heart rate is reduced gradually from the exercise rate to the resting rate at a time commensurate with the end of the exercise session. also, the resetting of the interval timer by the set output voltage level of the flip-flop assures that the timer is ready to commence timing its predetermined interval on receipt of the next "set" input. in the event that the exercise session is called off at any time after the delay timer has been enabled and before the interval timer has timed out, the patient need merely place the magnet once again in proximity to the implanted pulse generator unit. if the delay timer has not yet timed out, it is disabled by the actuation of the reed switch, and hence, flip-flop remains reset, interval timer remains reset, counter is at its low count, and pulse generator is at its lower rate limit. if the delay timer has timed out, it produces an output pulse in reponse to the disabling input from the reed switch, thereby resetting the flip-flop, resetting the interval timer, returning counter toward its low count and pulse generator toward its lower rate limit. to that end, delay timer is provided with an internal clock such that, once enabled to time out the delay interval, it cannot be again enabled to do so until the passage of a preselected time interval, which is one hour and fifteen minutes in the present example, unless it has first been disabled during that overall interval. of course, to cancel the exercise rate, the patient must have the magnet available to issue the second command but, as previously noted, once the delay timer is enabled through actuation of the reed switch the magnet may be kept in a convenient location, such as the glove compartment of the patient's car, to allow cancellation of the exercise rate in private. although a presently preferred embodiment has been described herein, it will be evident to those skilled in the art that variations and modifications of the preferred embodiment may be carried out without departing from the spirit and scope of the invention. accordingly, it is intended that the present invention shall be limited only to the extent required by the appended claims and the applicable rules of law.
__label__math	0.9855	a method of producing a raster font from a contour font entailing the steps of deriving font metrics and character metrics of font characters in terms of arbitrary font units; scaling the font characters to a selected size and output resolution pixels per unit length ; altering the thickness of vertical and horizontal strokes of each character to a desired thickness, from the measured font metrics and character metrics, and including a difference applied to the thickness of the strokes by the printer process, to cause the strokes to be close to an integer number of pixels and thickness and to compensate for thinning and thickening which the printing engine might produce; bringing the leading and trailing edges of the characters to integer pixel locations, where such locations are based on and scaling the character between the leading and trailing edges proportionally therebetween, and producing a rasterized font from the altered contour font character. . a printer processor implemented method for producing a raster font from a contour font defined by a list of points connected by curves, said raster font suitable for printing on a selected printer having known reproduction characteristics, including the steps of: a deriving for a contour font a set of font metrics and character metrics of a character in the font defined in terms of arbitrary font units; b scaling a character contour defined in arbitrary font units to a selected size in units of pixels; c altering thickness of character strokes by adjusting vertical and horizontal coordinates of each point defining the character contour in directions defined by a vector normal to the character contour at each point, by an amount required to obtain a desired thickness from the measured font metrics and character metrics, and an amount required to add to difference thickness thereto in accordance with the selected printer reproduction characteristics, said alteration amounts together causing the vertical and horizontal strokes to be sufficiently close to an integer number of pixels or half pixels so as to cause subsequent numerical rounding to produce uniform results across the font; d grid aligning the contour of each character so that leading and trailing edges, and top and bottom edges of the contour of each character fall on whole or half pixel positions; and e applying a rasterization function to the contour to convert each contour font character to a bitmap. . the method as defined in claim wherein in said grid alignment step, after aligning said leading and top edges of said contours of each character on a whole pixel position, the length of any lines joining leading and trailing edges, and lines joining top and bottom edges, are rounded to an integer number of whole or half pixels, and the trailing edge and bottom edges are aligned at whole pixel positions. . in a printing system for printing on a selected printer having reproduction characteristics known and available as contour font correction data, wherein a font to be printed has a set of predefined font metrics and character metrics for each character in the font defined in terms of arbitrary font units, the method of preparing a contour font defined by a list of points connected by curves, for printing on the selected printer including the ordered steps of: a scaling each character in the contour font to a selected print resolution in pixels per unit length; b altering thickness of character strokes by adjusting vertical and horizontal coordinates of each point defining the contour of each character to a desired thickness in directions defined by a vector, normal to the character contour at each point, by an amount required to obtain a desired thickness from the measured font metrics and character metrics, and an amount required to add a difference thickness thereto in accordance with the contour font correction data for a particular printer, to cause the vertical and horizontal stroke thickness to approximate an integer number of pixels so as to cause subsequent numerical rounding to produce uniform results across the font; c grid aligning the contour of each character so that leading and trailing edges, and top and bottom edges of the contour of each character fall on whole pixel positions; and d applying a rasterization function to the contour convert each contour font character to a bitmap. . the method as defined in claim wherein in said grid alignment step, after aligning said leading and top edges of said contours of each character on a whole pixel position, the length of any lines joining leading and trailing edges, and lines joining top and bottom edges, are rounded to an integer number of pixels or half pixels, and the trailing edge and bottom edges are aligned at whole pixel positions. a microfiche appendix, having fiche and 398 frames, is included herewith. the present invention relates generally to the production of raster fonts from contour fonts, and more particularly, to a method of producing raster fonts from contour fonts taking into account characteristics of the contour font and the printer system which will ultimately print the font. a portion of the disclosure of this patent document contains material which is subject to cross reference is made to u.s. patent application ser. no. 416,211 by s. marshall, entitled "rapid halfbitting stepper", and assigned to the same assignee as the present invention. u.s. pat. no. ,675,830 to hawkins is incorporated herein by reference for the purposes of background information on contour fonts. u.s. patent application ser. no. 416,211 by s. marshall, entitled "rapid halfbitting stepper", and assigned to the same assignee as the present invention, is incorporated by reference herein for the purposes of teaching rasterization. "contour fonts" is a term that refers to the use of outlines or contours to describe the shapes of characters used in electronic printing. in a contour font, each character shape is represented by one or more closed curves or paths that traces the boundary of the character. the contour is specified by a series of mathematical equations, which may be in any of several forms, the most common being circular arcs, straight lines, and polynomial expressions. the shape of the contour font is that of the ideal design of the character and, generally, does not depend on parameters associated with any printer. contour fonts are ideal for use as master representations of typefaces. bitmap fonts or raster fonts are composed of the actual characters images that will be printed on a page, and are made by scaling contours to the appropriate size, quantizing or sampling them at the resolution of the printer, and filling the interiors of the characters with black bits or pixels. achieving high quality in this process is difficult, except at very high resolutions, and requires knowledge of both the marking technology and typographic design considerations. often, a bitmap font is delivered to a printer. there is a separate bitmap font for each size of a font, and sometimes separate fonts for landscape and portrait orientations. the advantage of a contour font is that it can be scaled to any size and rotated to any angle by simple mathematics. therefore, a single font suffices to represent all possible printing sizes and orientation, reducing font storage requirements, reducing the cost of font handling. the difficulty in this approach is in achieving high quality character images during the sampling process which generates the raster characters from the contour masters. if the contour character is simply sampled, there will be random . -.pixel variations in stroke thickness. if the printing process tends to erode black areas common in write-white laser xerography characters will be consistently too thin. if the printing process tends to fatten black areas common in write black laser xerography , characters will be too thick. at the high resolution employed in phototypesetters, usually greater than ,000 spi, no special techniques are required for scaling and sampling the contour font to generate a raster font of any size. this is because although simple sampling necessarily has random one-bit errors, such errors are small compared to the size of the character, making errors insignificant. at 300, 400, and 600 spi though, character strokes are only three or four bits thick and each bit is important. the simplistic methods used by typesetter manufacturers are not sufficient. u.s. pat. no. ,675,830 to hawkins, uses defined points in a contour font that must be grid aligned to pixel positions, but the stem widths or edges are not aligned. of particular importance in generating fonts of optimal appearance are maintenance of uniform and correct stroke thickness among characters of a font and on different printing engines, uniform alignment of characters on a baseline, and uniform spacing of characters. in accordance with the invention, there is provided a method for conversion of contour fonts to bitmap fonts with automatic thickening and thinning of strokes, and snapping of character edges to pixel or half pixel boundaries. in accordance with the invention, there is provided a method of producing a raster font from a contour font entailing the steps of: first, deriving font metrics and character metrics of font characters in terms of arbitrary font units; scaling the font characters to a selected size and output resolution pixels per unit length ; altering the thickness of vertical and horizontal strokes of each character to a desired thickness, from the measured font metrics and character metrics, and including a difference applied to the thickness of the strokes by the printer process, to cause the strokes to be close to an integer number of pixels and thickness and to compensate for thing and thickening which the printing engine might produce; bringing the leading and trailing edges of the characters to integer pixel locations, where such locations are based on and scaling the character between the leading and trailing edges proportionally therebetween, and producing a rasterized font from the altered contour font character. these and other aspects of the invention will become apparent from the following description used to illustrate a preferred embodiment of the invention in conjunction with the accompanying drawings in which: fig. shows a block diagram of the inventive optimized scaler rasterizer system. figs. 2a-2e illustrate the development of a raster font from a contour font, using the system described in fig. . with reference to the drawing, where the showing is for the purpose of illustrating an embodiment of the invention and not for the purpose of limiting same, the figure shows a block diagram of the present invention which will be referred to and described hereinafter. fig. shows a block diagram of the contour rasterization process of the present invention. beginning with a contour font , and with a character "h" shown in contour for illustration purposes at fig. 2a the contour font is analyzed initially at hint generation step . at the hint generation, the parameters defining the font are determined, including measurement of the following metrics and character hints: table 1font metric commentscap-height height of the h, i or similar letterx-height height of the lower case xascender height of the lower case k, b, or similar letterdescender position of the bottom of the lower case p or qthickness of upper vertical stroke thicknesscase stems on upper case h or kthickness of upper horizontal stroke oncase cross-strokes upper case e or fthickness of lower vertical stroke thicknesscase stems on lower case k or lthickness of lower case horizontal strokecross-strokes thickness on the fthickness of auxiliarycharacter stemsthickness of auxiliarycharacter cross-strokeshairline thickness thickness of the cross bar on the e or the thin part of the o see, appendix, page , icffontiodefs. mesa character hints are generated for each character and include the following: table 2character metric commentsposition of all horizontal left sides of strokes areedges and indications of leading edges and rightwhether each edge is a sides or strokes areleading or trailing edge. trailing edges.position of all verticaledges and indication ofwhether each edge is aleading or trailing edge.direction of the normalvector perpendicular to the contour at eachcontrol point in thecontour, pointingtoward the whiteregion. at hint generation , the font metrics and character hints are computed. since no special information on the actual character contours, beyond the contours themselves, is required to perform these computations, any font may be accepted as input. height thickness metrics are obtained either by examining images of specific individual characters or by averaging amongst several characters. optionally, if these values are supplied externally, that is, the provider of the font provides these values, the external values may be used instead of the computed values. edge positions are determined by looking for long vertical or horizontal portions of contours. normal vectors are perpendicular to the contour, and are computed from contour equations and by determining which side of the contour is black and which side is white. for those points required for curve reconstruction, but which are not on the curve, the normals are calculated as if a normal vector extended from the curve through those points. in the attached appendix, the source code, in the mesa language of the xerox corporation, is provided demonstrating one possible embodiment of the source code to accomplish the described goals. the mesa programming language operates on a microprocessor referred to as the mesa microprocessor, which has been well documented, for example, in xerox development environment, mesa language manual, selecting a contour font for use enables a program that looks for font data, and designates its final position in an output, while calling the various programs forming the steps that will be described further hereinbelow see, appendix, page 320, raster.c . the contour font rasterization program herein described is useful on a variety of hardware platforms, attributes of which can be selected for enhanced operation of the system, such as for example, a greater degree of precision in the calculations the difference between bit calculation and bit calculation . see, appendix, page 340, std.h at transform step , see, appendix, page 343, xform.c the contour font is converted from arbitrary contour font units, which are supplied by the provider of the font, to a particular size, expressed in units of pixels. typically, contour font units are provided in terms of the contour itself, i.e., the height or size of the contour font is one . that is, lengths of characters are placed in terms of the size of the font character itself. these values must be transformed into pixel unit values, or whatever other value is required, e.g. the scaled font may be pixels tall. additionally, it is at this point that the contour font is rotated for either landscape or portrait mode printing, as required. rotation and scaling is accomplished in accordance with a previously determined transformation matrix equation , which mathematically determines the conversion of the contour font from font measurements to pixel values at a selected orientation which can be used by the printer. the transformed character h is shown at fig. 2b. subsequent to transformation step , at thickening or thinning step , font characters are thickened or thinned based on requirements of the transformation, and requirements of the printing process. the character contour is adjusted to make the strokes thicker or thinner to compensate for the xerographic or other marking process to follow. there are three components of the thickening or thinning value. the first compensates for xerographic or other imaging effects. that is, if for example, the marking technology will thin strokes by half a pixel, then strokes are thickened by half a pixel in this step. the amount of thickening or thinning specified in the printer profile separately for x and y directions, and is created at the manufacturer of the printer, and inserted at the printer profile . see, appendix, page 348, thicken.c the second component of thickening, called residual thickening, is applied to insure uniformity of output strokes after the sampling or rasterization step. this amount for horizontal thickening on upper case letters, for example, is equal to the difference between the calculated ideal output vertical stem thickness, which is obtained by scaling the font metric to the proper size, and the result of rounding that thickness off to the actual pixel width which will be obtained after rasterization. this rounding is performed to the nearest whole pixel if half bitting is not enabled and to the nearest half pixel, if half bitting is enabled. there are separate values for horizontal or vertical directions and for upper case, lower case and auxiliary characters. the third component of thickening and thinning applies only to very small characters, and prevents drop-outs of fine lines. this amount is equal to the difference between the calculated scaled thickness of the hairlines, after thickening by the font thickening steps, and the minimum stroke thickness specified in the printer profile. when applied, this thickening brings fine lines up to the value of the minimum stroke thickness. the value is zero if the hairline is already greater than the minimum stroke thickness. this process, referred to as "adaptive thickening," is not disclosed in the source code in the appendix. the actual thickening or thinning applied is equal to the sum of these three components. each component has an independent value in the x and y directions. the direction to move each contour control point is specified by its normal vector. the thickened character h is shown at fig. c. at step , the snap function or grid alignment function is applied. the coordinate system of the character is varied in the horizontal direction to move vertical and horizontal edges to positions where pixel boundaries will be after rasterization, i.e., to a whole pixel position. this is to assure uniform stroke thickness in the rasterized character images. the process is to piecewise stretch or shrink the character to force edges to align the pixel boundaries. on the left hand sides of the characters, the left edge of each stroke is moved to the closest pixel boundary, while the right edge of the stroke is moved to the pixel boundary specified by rounding the stroke thickness. this process gives priority to maintaining uniform stroke thickness over absolute stroke position. that is to say, that after the left edge of the character has been moved to a whole pixel position, the thickness of the stroke, or portion of the character, is examined to determine its thickness. the thickness has already been adjusted in the thickness of thinning step, so that it is close to a whole pixel width. accordingly, the right edge of the character is then moved to the nearest whole pixel, based on rounding the thickness of the pixel, as opposed to moving the right hand side to the nearest pixel. on the right hand sides of characters, the rolls of left and right edges of strokes are reversed. right edges of strokes are anchored, while left edges are rounded relatively to corresponding right edges. see, appendix, page 355, snap.c . in one variant of this scheme, the positions of left and right index points or width points, which are those points which determine character spacing and are made to coincide in constructing words, are snapped before the vertical edges. in the vertical direction, snapping is performed to piecewise stretch characters so that positions of baseline, cap-height, x-height, and descender fall on pixel boundaries. baseline and descender position are treated as bottoms of strokes, that is, anchored, while cap-height and x-height are treated as tops of strokes, computed relative to the baseline. all characters are snapped to all of these positions, ensuring uniform character alignment. after these font metric positions are snapped, horizontal edges are snapped in the same manner as vertical edges, with lower edges of strokes anchored and upper edges snapped relative to the lower edges in the lower half of the character and upper edges of strokes anchored and lower edges snapped relative to the upper edges in the upper half of the character. in both horizontal and vertical directions, snapping is performed one edge at a time. that is, the first edge is snapped, stretching the coordinate system of the character slightly on one side of the snapped edge and shrinking it slightly on the other side. the second edge is then snapped, with its pre-snapping position perhaps already modified slightly by the first snap. this sequential snapping helps preserve local character features better than simultaneous snapping of all edges does. when the second edge is snapped, its area of influence on the coordinate grid extends only up to the first snapped edge, which stays in place. this process is then repeated for the remainder of the edges. the snapped character h is shown at fig. 2d. once each character in the adjusted contour font has been placed in the grid and appropriately thickened and thinned, the final step is to sample the adjusted contour on discrete grid. this step can optionally produce half bitted output images, as controlled by the printer profile. light half bitting produces half bitting on curves and diagonals, while heavy half bitting will also produce half bitted vertical and horizontal edges. rasterization in a preferred embodiment of this invention is in accordance with the process described in u.s. patent application ser. no. 416,211 by s. marshall, entitled "rapid halfbitting stepper", and assigned to the present assignee of the present invention. this application is incorporated by reference herein for the purposes of teaching rasterization. see, appendix, page 364, step.c and page 368, step.h for rasterization with halfbitting; page 372, bezline.c for stepping around curve; page 396, fill.c for filling . the rasterized character is shown at fig. 2d. it will not doubt be appreciated that numerous changes and modifications are likely to occur to those skilled in the art, and it is intended in the appended claims to cover all those changes and modifications which fall within the spirit and scope of the present invention.
__label__math	0.8979	us b2 the invention describes rolled electroactive polymer devices. the invention also describes employment of these devices in a wide array of applications and methods for their fabrication. a rolled electroactive polymer device converts between electrical and mechanical energy; and includes a rolled electroactive polymer and at least two electrodes to provide the mechanical electrical energy conversion. prestrain is typically applied to the polymer. in one embodiment, a rolled electroactive polymer device employs a mechanism, such as a spring, that provides a force to prestrain the polymer. since prestrain improves mechanical electrical energy conversion for many electroactive polymers, the mechanism thus improves performance of the rolled electroactive polymer device. . a method for fabricating an electroactive polymer device, the method comprising: disposing at least two electrodes on an electroactive polymer; rolling the electroactive polymer about at least one of a support member, a mechanical linkage, an end cap, a base or combinations thereof to produce an electroactive polymer roll that is able to convert energy between mechanical and electrical energy; and securing the electroactive polymer roll to maintain its rolled configuration. . the method of . the method of . the method of . the method of . the method of . the method of . the method of . the method of . the method of . the method of . the method of . the method of . the method of . a method for fabricating an electroactive polymer transducer, the method comprising: disposing one or more electrodes on an electroactive polymer having an elastic modulus below 100 mpa; creating an electroactive polymer roll by rolling the electroactive polymer such that the electroactive polymer roll has at least two layers of the electroactive polymer; and securing the electroactive polymer roll to maintain its rolled configuration. . the method of . a method for fabricating an electroactive polymer transducer, the method comprising: disposing one or more electrodes on an electroactive polymer; creating an electroactive polymer roll by rolling the electroactive polymer such that the electroactive polymer roll has at least two layers of the electroactive polymer; and attaching an end cap to the electroactive polymer roll. . the method of . the method of . the method of . the method of this application is a continuation and claims priority under u.s.c. 120 from co-pending u.s. patent application ser. no. 793,401 filed , which is incorporated by reference for all purposes. u.s. application ser. no. 793,401 claimed priority under u.s.c. 119 e from u.s. provisional patent application no. 451,742, entitled electroactive polymer roll transducer, filed which is incorporated by reference for all purposes; and is a continuation-in-part and claims priority under u.s.c. 120 from u.s. patent application ser. no. 154,449, filed now u.s. pat. no. ,891,317 issued which claimed priority under u.s.c. 119 e from u.s. provisional patent application no. 293,003 filed on , each of which is incorporated herein by reference for all purposes. this application was made in part with government support under contract number n00014--c- awarded by the office of naval research. the government has certain rights in the invention. the present invention relates generally to electroactive polymer devices that convert between electrical energy and mechanical energy. more particularly, the present invention relates to rolled electroactive polymer devices and methods of fabricating these devices. in many applications, it is desirable to convert between electrical energy and mechanical energy. exemplary applications requiring conversion from electrical to mechanical energy include robotics, pumps, speakers, sensors, microfluidics, shoes, general automation, disk drives, and prosthetic devices. these applications include one or more transducers that convert electrical energy into mechanical work on a macroscopic or microscopic level. exemplary applications requiring conversion from mechanical to electrical energy include sensors and generators. new high-performance polymers capable of converting electrical energy to mechanical energy, and vice versa, are now available for a wide range of energy conversion applications. one class of these polymers, electroactive elastomers, is gaining wider attention. electroactive elastomers may exhibit high energy density, stress, and electromechanical coupling efficiency. the performance of these polymers is notably increased when the polymers are prestrained in area. for example, a -fold to -fold increase in area significantly improves performance of many electroactive elastomers. conventionally, bulky and static frames are used to apply and maintain prestrain for a single layer of electroactive polymer. the frames also allow coupling between the polymer and the external environment. these frames occupy significantly more space and weigh much more than a single polymer layer, and may compromise the energy density and compact advantages that these new polymers provide. thus, improved techniques for implementing these high-performance polymers would be desirable. the present invention overcomes limitations in the prior art and provides new rolled electroactive polymer devices. the present invention also includes employment of these devices in a wide array of applications and methods for their fabrication. a rolled electroactive polymer device converts between electrical and mechanical energy; and includes a rolled electroactive polymer and at least two electrodes to provide the mechanical electrical energy conversion. prestrain may be applied to the polymer. in one embodiment, a rolled electroactive polymer device employs a mechanism, such as a spring, that provides a force to strain the polymer. in one embodiment, the mechanism adds to any prestrain previously established in the polymer. in other cases, no prestrain is previously applied in the polymer and the mechanism establishes prestrain in the polymer. since prestrain improves mechanical electrical energy conversion for many electroactive polymers, the mechanism thus improves performance of the rolled electroactive polymer device. in addition, the mechanism may provide other benefits such as a varying force response with deflection, which may be tuned to the needs of an application. the rolled electroactive polymer transducer may be employed for one or more functions. when a suitable voltage is applied to electrodes in electrical communication with a rolled electroactive polymer, the polymer deflects actuation . this deflection may be used to do mechanical work. whether or not the polymer deflects, electrical states imposed on the polymer may be used to vary the stiffness or damping provided by the polymer, which has various mechanical uses. when a previously charged electroactive polymer deflects, the electric field in the material is changed. the change in electric field may be used to produce electrical energy for generation or sensing purposes. thus, some functions of use for an electroactive polymer include actuation, variable stiffness or damping, generation or sensing. rolled electroactive polymer devices allow for compact electroactive polymer device designs. the rolled devices provide a potentially high electroactive polymer-to-structure weight ratio, and can be configured to actuate in many ways including linear axial extension contraction, bending, and multi-degree of freedom actuators that combine both extension and bending. rolled electroactive polymers of the present invention also provide a simple alternative for obtaining multilayer electroactive polymer devices. in one aspect, the present invention relates to a device for converting between electrical and mechanical energy. the device comprises a transducer comprising at least two electrodes and a rolled electroactive polymer in electrical communication with the at least two electrodes. the device also comprises a mechanism having a first element operably coupled to a first portion of the polymer and a second element operably coupled to a second portion of the polymer. the mechanism provides a force that strains at least a portion of the polymer. in another aspect, the present invention relates to a method for fabricating an electroactive polymer device. the method comprises disposing at least two electrodes on an electroactive polymer. the method also comprises rolling the electroactive polymer about a spring to produce a rolled electroactive polymer. the method further comprises securing the rolled electroactive polymer to maintain its rolled configuration. in yet another aspect, the present invention relates to a device for converting between electrical and mechanical energy. the device comprises a transducer comprising at least two electrodes and a rolled electroactive polymer in electrical communication with the at least two electrodes. the device also comprises a spring having a first spring portion operably coupled to a first portion of the polymer and a second spring portion operably coupled to a second portion of the polymer. another aspect of the present invention provides a device for converting between electrical and mechanical energy. the device may be generally characterized as comprising: a polymer roll transducer comprising a an electroactive polymer including at least one active area and b at least two electrodes in electrical communication with the active area wherein at least a portion of the electroactive polymer is wrapped upon itself to form a roll; at least one support member coupled to the polymer roll transducer for providing at least one of i a force that strains at least a portion of the polymer, ii a force for controlling bending in the polymer roll transducer and iii combinations thereof; and at least one mechanical linkage coupled to the polymer roll transducer for allowing a force or a moment generated in a first portion of the electroactive polymer to be communicated to a second portion of the electroactive polymer. yet another aspect of the present invention provides a method for fabricating an electroactive polymer device. the method may be generally characterized as comprising: a disposing at least two electrodes on an electroactive polymer; b rolling the electroactive polymer about at least one of a support member, a mechanical linkage, an end cap, a base or combinations thereof to produce an electroactive polymer roll; and c securing the electroactive polymer roll to maintain its rolled configuration. in a particular embodiment, the electroactive polymer roll may be cut at one or more locations to limit a propagation of a force or a moment from a first portion of the electroactive polymer roll to a second portion of the electroactive polymer roll. these and other features and advantages of the present invention will be described in the following description of the invention and associated figures. the present invention is described in detail with reference to a few preferred embodiments as illustrated in the accompanying drawings. in the following description, numerous specific details are set forth in order to provide a thorough understanding of the present invention. it will be apparent, however, to one skilled in the art, that the present invention may be practiced without some or all of these specific details. in other instances, well known process steps and or structures have not been described in detail in order to not unnecessarily obscure the present invention. before describing structures, fabrication and applications of rolled electroactive polymers of the present invention, the basic principles of electroactive polymer construction and operation will first be illuminated. the transformation between electrical and mechanical energy in devices of the present invention is based on energy conversion of one or more active areas of an electroactive polymer. electroactive polymers are capable of converting between mechanical energy and electrical energy. in some cases, an electroactive polymer may change electrical properties for example, capacitance and resistance with changing mechanical strain. to help illustrate the performance of an electroactive polymer in converting between electrical energy and mechanical energy, electrodes and are compliant and change shape with polymer . the configuration of polymer and electrodes and provides for increasing polymer response with deflection. more specifically, as the transducer portion deflects, compression of polymer brings the opposite charges of electrodes and closer and the stretching of polymer separates similar charges in each electrode. in one embodiment, one of the electrodes and is ground. for actuation, the transducer portion generally continues to deflect until mechanical forces balance the electrostatic forces driving the deflection. the mechanical forces include elastic restoring forces of the polymer material, the compliance of electrodes and , and any external resistance provided by a device and or load coupled to the transducer portion , etc. the deflection of the transducer portion as a result of an applied voltage may also depend on a number of other factors such as the polymer dielectric constant and the size of polymer . electroactive polymers in accordance with the present invention are capable of deflection in any direction. after application of a voltage between the electrodes and , the electroactive polymer increases in size in both planar directions and . in some cases, the electroactive polymer is incompressible, e.g. has a substantially constant volume under stress. in this case, the polymer decreases in thickness as a result of the expansion in the planar directions and . it should be noted that the present invention is not limited to incompressible polymers and deflection of the polymer may not conform to such a simple relationship. application of a relatively large voltage difference between electrodes and on the transducer portion shown in for actuation, the transducer portion generally continues to deflect until mechanical forces balance the electrostatic forces driving the deflection. the mechanical forces include elastic restoring forces of the polymer material, the compliance of electrodes and , and any external resistance provided by a device and or load coupled to the transducer portion , etc. the deflection of the transducer portion as a result of an applied voltage may also depend on a number of other factors such as the polymer dielectric constant and the size of polymer . in one embodiment, electroactive polymer is pre-strained. pre-strain of a polymer may be described, in one or more directions, as the change in dimension in a direction after pre-straining relative to the dimension in that direction before pre-straining. the pre-strain may comprise elastic deformation of polymer and be formed, for example, by stretching the polymer in tension and fixing one or more of the edges while stretched. alternatively, as will be described in greater detail below, a mechanism such as a spring may be coupled to different portions of an electroactive polymer and provide a force that strains a portion of the polymer. for many polymers, pre-strain improves conversion between electrical and mechanical energy. the improved mechanical response enables greater mechanical work for an electroactive polymer, e.g., larger deflections and actuation pressures. in one embodiment, prestrain improves the dielectric strength of the polymer. in another embodiment, the prestrain is elastic. after actuation, an elastically pre-strained polymer could, in principle, be unfixed and return to its original state. in one embodiment, pre-strain is applied uniformly over a portion of polymer to produce an isotropic pre-strained polymer. by way of example, an acrylic elastomeric polymer may be stretched by 200 to 400 percent in both planar directions. in another embodiment, pre-strain is applied unequally in different directions for a portion of polymer to produce an anisotropic pre-strained polymer. in this case, polymer may deflect greater in one direction than another when actuated. while not wishing to be bound by theory, it is believed that pre-straining a polymer in one direction may increase the stiffness of the polymer in the pre-strain direction. correspondingly, the polymer is relatively stiffer in the high pre-strain direction and more compliant in the low pre-strain direction and, upon actuation, more deflection occurs in the low pre-strain direction. in one embodiment, the deflection in direction of transducer portion can be enhanced by exploiting large pre-strain in the perpendicular direction . for example, an acrylic elastomeric polymer used as the transducer portion may be stretched by percent in direction and by 500 percent in the perpendicular direction . the quantity of pre-strain for a polymer may be based on the polymer material and the desired performance of the polymer in an application. pre-strain suitable for use with the present invention is further described in commonly owned, copending u.s. patent application ser. no. 619,848, which is incorporated by reference for all purposes. generally, after the polymer is pre-strained, it may be fixed to one or more objects or mechanisms. for a rigid object, the object is preferably suitably stiff to maintain the level of pre-strain desired in the polymer. a spring or other suitable mechanism that provides a force to strain the polymer may add to any prestrain previously established in the polymer before attachment to the spring or mechanisms, or may be responsible for all the prestrain in the polymer. the polymer may be fixed to the one or more objects or mechanisms according to any conventional method known in the art such as a chemical adhesive, an adhesive layer or material, mechanical attachment, etc. transducers and pre-strained polymers of the present invention are not limited to any particular rolled geometry or type of deflection. for example, the polymer and electrodes may be formed into any geometry or shape including tubes and multi-layer rolls, rolled polymers attached between multiple rigid structures, rolled polymers attached across a frame of any geometry including curved or complex geometries, across a frame having one or more joints, etc. deflection of a transducer according to the present invention includes linear expansion and compression in one or more directions, bending, axial deflection when the polymer is rolled, deflection out of a hole provided on an outer cylindrical around the polymer, etc. deflection of a transducer may be affected by how the polymer is constrained by a frame or rigid structures attached to the polymer. materials suitable for use as an electroactive polymer with the present invention may include any substantially insulating polymer or rubber or combination thereof that deforms in response to an electrostatic force or whose deformation results in a change in electric field. one suitable material is nusil cf19- as provided by nusil technology of carpenteria, calif. other exemplary materials suitable for use as a pre-strained polymer include silicone elastomers, acrylic elastomers such as vhb acrylic elastomer as produced by 3m corporation of st. paul, minn., polyurethanes, thermoplastic elastomers, copolymers comprising pvdf, pressure-sensitive adhesives, fluoroelastomers, polymers comprising silicone and acrylic moieties, and the like. polymers comprising silicone and acrylic moieties may include copolymers comprising silicone and acrylic moieties, polymer blends comprising a silicone elastomer and an acrylic elastomer, for example. combinations of some of these materials may also be used as the electroactive polymer in transducers of this invention. materials used as an electroactive polymer may be selected based on one or more material properties such as a high electrical breakdown strength, a low modulus of elasticity for large or small deformations , a high dielectric constant, etc. in one embodiment, the polymer is selected such that is has an elastic modulus at most about 100 mpa. in another embodiment, the polymer is selected such that is has a maximum actuation pressure between about .mpa and about mpa, and preferably between about .mpa and about mpa. in another embodiment, the polymer is selected such that is has a dielectric constant between about and about , and preferably between about .and about . an electroactive polymer layer in transducers of the present invention may have a wide range of thicknesses. in one embodiment, polymer thickness may range between about micrometer and millimeters. polymer thickness may be reduced by stretching the film in one or both planar directions. in many cases, electroactive polymers of the present invention may be fabricated and implemented as thin films. thicknesses suitable for these thin films may be below micrometers. as electroactive polymers of the present invention may deflect at high strains, electrodes attached to the polymers should also deflect without compromising mechanical or electrical performance. generally, electrodes suitable for use with the present invention may be of any shape and material provided that they are able to supply a suitable voltage to, or receive a suitable voltage from, an electroactive polymer. the voltage may be either constant or varying over time. in one embodiment, the electrodes adhere to a surface of the polymer. electrodes adhering to the polymer are preferably compliant and conform to the changing shape of the polymer. correspondingly, the present invention may include compliant electrodes that conform to the shape of an electroactive polymer to which they are attached. the electrodes may be only applied to a portion of an electroactive polymer and define an active area according to their geometry. several examples of electrodes that only cover a portion of an electroactive polymer will be described in further detail below. various types of electrodes suitable for use with the present invention are described in commonly owned, copending u.s. patent application ser. no. 619,848, which was previously incorporated by reference above. electrodes described therein and suitable for use with the present invention include structured electrodes comprising metal traces and charge distribution layers, textured electrodes comprising varying out of plane dimensions, conductive greases such as carbon greases or silver greases, colloidal suspensions, high aspect ratio conductive materials such as carbon fibrils and carbon nanotubes, and mixtures of ionically conductive materials. materials used for electrodes of the present invention may vary. suitable materials used in an electrode may include graphite, carbon black, colloidal suspensions, thin metals including silver and gold, silver filled and carbon filled gels and polymers, and ionically or electronically conductive polymers. in a specific embodiment, an electrode suitable for use with the present invention comprises percent carbon grease and percent carbon black in a silicone rubber binder such as stockwell rtv60-con as produced by stockwell rubber co. inc. of philadelphia, pa. the carbon grease is of the type such as nyogel 756g as provided by nye lubricant inc. of fairhaven, mass. the conductive grease may also be mixed with an elastomer, such as silicon elastomer rtv 118 as produced by general electric of waterford, n.y., to provide a gel-like conductive grease. it is understood that certain electrode materials may work well with particular polymers and may not work as well for others. by way of example, carbon fibrils work well with acrylic elastomer polymers while not as well with silicone polymers. for most transducers, desirable properties for the compliant electrode may include one or more of the following: low modulus of elasticity, low mechanical damping, low surface resistivity, uniform resistivity, chemical and environmental stability, chemical compatibility with the electroactive polymer, good adherence to the electroactive polymer, and the ability to form smooth surfaces. in some cases, a transducer of the present invention may implement two different types of electrodes, e.g. a different electrode type for each active area or different electrode types on opposing sides of a polymer. . rolled electroactive polymer devices as illustrated in as illustrated by as mentioned above, many electroactive polymers perform better when prestrained. for example, some polymers exhibit a higher breakdown electric field strength, electrically actuated strain, and energy density when prestrained. spring of device provides forces that result in both circumferential and axial prestrain onto polymer . spring is a compression spring that provides an outward force in opposing axial directions spring also maintains circumferential prestrain on polymer . the prestrain may be established in polymer longitudinally in direction end pieces and are attached to opposite ends of rolled electroactive polymer and spring . in one embodiment, polymer does not extend all the way to outer flange a and a gap is left between the outer portion edge of polymer and the inside surface of outer flange a. as will be described in further detail below, an adhesive or glue may be added to the rolled electroactive polymer device to maintain its rolled configuration. gap provides a dedicated space on endpiece for an adhesive or glue than the buildup to the outer diameter of the rolled device and fix to all polymer layers in the roll to endpiece . in a specific embodiment, gap is between about mm and about mm. the portions of electroactive polymer and spring between end pieces and may be considered active to their functional purposes. thus, end pieces and define an active region of device in a specific embodiment, inner hole c comprises an internal thread capable of threaded interface with a threaded member, such as a screw or threaded bolt. the internal thread permits detachable mechanical attachment to one end of device . for example, a screw may be threaded into the internal thread within end piece for external attachment to a robotic element. for detachable mechanical attachment internal to device , a nut or bolt to be threaded into each end piece and and pass through the axial core of spring , thereby fixing the two end pieces and to each other. this allows device to be held in any state of deflection, such as a fully compressed state useful during rolling. this may also be useful during storage of device so that polymer is not strained in storage. in one embodiment, a stiff member or linear guide is disposed within the spring core of spring . since the polymer in spring is substantially compliant between end pieces and , device allows for both axial deflection along direction and bending of polymer and spring away from its linear axis the axis passing through the center of spring . in some embodiments, only axial deflection is desired. linear guide prevents bending of device between end pieces and about the linear axis. preferably, linear guide does not interfere with the axial deflection of device . for example, linear guide preferably does not introduce frictional resistance between itself and any portion of spring . with linear guide , or any other suitable constraint that prevents motion outside of axial direction , device may act as a linear actuator or generator with output strictly in direction . linear guide may be comprised of any suitably stiff material such as wood, plastic, metal, etc. polymer is wound repeatedly about spring . for single electroactive polymer layer construction, a rolled electroactive polymer of the present invention may comprise between about and about 200 layers. in this case, a layer refers to the number of polymer films or sheets encountered in a radial cross-section of a rolled polymer. in some cases, a rolled polymer comprises between about and about 100 layers. in a specific embodiment, a rolled electroactive polymer comprises between about and about layers. in another embodiment, a rolled electroactive polymer employs a multilayer structure. the multilayer structure comprises multiple polymer layers disposed on each other before rolling or winding. for example, a second electroactive polymer layer, without electrodes patterned thereon, may be disposed on an electroactive polymer having electrodes patterned on both sides. the electrode immediately between the two polymers services both polymer surfaces in immediate contact. after rolling, the electrode on the bottom side of the electroded polymer then contacts the top side of the non-electroded polymer. in this manner, the second electroactive polymer with no electrodes patterned thereon uses the two electrodes on the first electroded polymer. other multilayer constructions are possible. for example, a multilayer construction may comprise any even number of polymer layers in which the odd number polymer layers are electroded and the even number polymer layers are not. the upper surface of the top non-electroded polymer then relies on the electrode on the bottom of the stack after rolling. multilayer constructions having , , , , etc., are possible this technique. in some cases, the number of layers used in a multilayer construction may be limited by the dimensions of the roll and thickness of polymer layers. as the roll radius decreases, the number of permissible layers typically decrease is well. regardless of the number of layers used, the rolled transducer is configured such that a given polarity electrode does not touch an electrode of opposite polarity. in one embodiment, multiple layers are each individually electroded and every other polymer layer is flipped before rolling such that electrodes in contact each other after rolling are of a similar voltage or polarity. the multilayer polymer stack may also comprise more than one type of polymer for example, one or more layers of a second polymer may be used to modify the elasticity or stiffness of the rolled electroactive polymer layers. this polymer may or may not be active in the charging discharging during the actuation. when a non-active polymer layer is employed, the number of polymer layers may be odd. the second polymer may also be another type of electroactive polymer that varies the performance of the rolled product. in one embodiment, the outermost layer of a rolled electroactive polymer does not comprise an electrode disposed thereon. this may be done to provide a layer of mechanical protection, or to electrically isolate electrodes on the next inner layer. device provides a compact electroactive polymer device structure and improves overall electroactive polymer device performance over conventional electroactive polymer devices. for example, the multilayer structure of device modulates the overall spring constant of the device relative to each of the individual polymer layers. in addition, the increased stiffness of the device achieved via spring increases the stiffness of device and allows for faster response in actuation, if desired. in a specific embodiment, spring is a compression spring such as catalog number as provided by century spring of los angeles, calif. this spring is characterized by a spring force of .lb inch and dimensions of .inch free length, .inch solid length, .360 inch outside diameter, .inch inside diameter. in this case, rolled electroactive polymer device has a height from about to about cm, a diameter of about .to about .cm, and an active region between end pieces of about to about cm. the polymer is characterized by a circumferential prestrain from about 300 to about 500 percent and axial prestrain including force contributions by spring from about 150 to about 250 percent. device has many functional uses. as will be described in further detail below, electroactive polymers of the present invention may be used for actuation, generation, sensing, variable stiffness and damping, or combinations thereof. thus, device may be used in robotic application for actuation and production of mechanical energy. alternatively, rolled device may contribute to stiffness and damping control of a robotic link. thus, either end piece or may be coupled to a potentially moving mechanical link to receive mechanical energy from the link and damp the motion. in this case, polymer converts this mechanical energy to electrical energy according to techniques described below. although device is illustrated with a single spring disposed internal to the rolled polymer, it is understood that additional structures such as another spring external to the polymer may also be used to provide strain and prestrain forces. these external structures may be attached to device using end pieces and for example. the present invention also encompasses mechanisms, other than a spring, used in a rolled electraoctive polymer device to apply a force that strains a rolled polymer. as the term is used herein, a mechanism used to provide strain onto a rolled electroactive polymer generally refers to a system or an arrangement of elements that are capable of providing a force to different portions of a rolled electroactive polymer. in many cases, the mechanism is flexible e.g., a spring or has moving parts e.g., a pneumatic cylinder . the mechanism may also comprises rigid parts see the frame of generally, the mechanism provides a force that onto the polymer. in one embodiment, the force changes the force vs. deflection characteristics of the device, such as to provide a negative force response, as described below. in another embodiment, the force strains the polymer. this latter case implies that the polymer deflects in response to the force, relative to its deflection state without the effects of the mechanism. this strain may include prestrain as described above. in one embodiment, the mechanism maintains or adds to any prestrain previously established in the polymer, such prestrain provided by a fixture during rolling as described below. in another embodiment, no prestrain is previously applied in the polymer and the mechanism establishes prestrain in the polymer. in one embodiment, the mechanism is another elastomer that is similar or different from the electroactive polymer. for example, this second elastomer may be disposed as a nearly-solid rubber core that is axially compressed before rolling to provide an axial tensile prestrain on the electroactive polymer . the elastomer core can have a thin hole for a rigid rod to facilitate the rolling process. if lubricated, the rigid rod may be slid out from the roll after fabrication. one may also make a solid elastomer roll tightly wound with electroactive polymer using a similar technique. the mechanism and its constituent elements are typically operably coupled to the polymer such that the strain is achieved. this may include fixed or detachable coupling, permanent attachment, etc. in the case of the spring above, operable coupling includes the use of an adhesive, such as glue, that attaches opposite ends of the spring to opposite ends of the polymer. an adhesive is also used to attach the rolled polymer to the frame in rolled electroactive polymers of the present invention have numerous advantages. firstly, these designs provide a multilayer device without having to individually frame each layer; and stack numerous frames see alternate rolled electroactive polymer device designs multiple active areas in some cases, electrodes cover a limited portion of an electroactive polymer relative to the total area of the polymer. this may be done to prevent electrical breakdown around the edge of a polymer, to allow for polymer portions to facilitate a rolled construction e.g., an outside polymer barrier layer , to provide multifunctionality, or to achieve customized deflections for one or more portions of the polymer. as the term is used herein, an active area is defined as a portion of a transducer comprising a portion of an electroactive polymer and one or more electrodes that provide or receive electrical energy to or from the portion. the active area may be used for any of the functions described below. for actuation, the active area includes a portion of polymer having sufficient electrostatic force to enable deflection of the portion. for generation or sensing, the active area includes a portion of polymer having sufficient deflection to enable a change in electrostatic energy. a polymer of the present invention may have multiple active areas. in accordance with the present invention, the term monolithic is used herein to refer to electroactive polymers and transducers comprising a plurality of active areas on a single polymer. active area 152 a has top and bottom electrodes 154 a and 154 b that are attached to polymer 151 on its top and bottom surfaces 151 c and 151 d, respectively. electrodes 154 a and 154 b provide or receive electrical energy across a portion 151 a of the polymer 151. portion 151 a may deflect with a change in electric field provided by the electrodes 154 a and 154 b. for actuation, portion 151 a comprises the polymer 151 between the electrodes 154 a and 154 b and any other portions of the polymer 151 having sufficient electrostatic force to enable deflection upon application of voltages using the electrodes 154 a and 154 b. when active area 152 a is used as a generator to convert from electrical energy to mechanical energy, deflection of the portion 151 a causes a change in electric field in the portion 151 a that is received as a change in voltage difference by the electrodes 154 a and 154 b. active area 152 b has top and bottom electrodes 156 a and 156 b that are attached to the polymer 151 on its top and bottom surfaces 151 c and 151 d, respectively. electrodes 156 a and 156 b provide or receive electrical energy across a portion 151 b of the polymer 151. portion 151 b may deflect with a change in electric field provided by the electrodes 156 a and 156 b. for actuation, portion 151 b comprises the polymer 151 between the electrodes 156 a and 156 b and any other portions of the polymer 151 having sufficient stress induced by the electrostatic force to enable deflection upon application of voltages using the electrodes 156 a and 156 b. when active area 152 b is used as a generator to convert from electrical energy to mechanical energy, deflection of the portion 151 b causes a change in electric field in the portion 151 b that is received as a change in voltage difference by the electrodes 156 a and 156 b. active areas for an electroactive polymer may be easily patterned and configured using conventional electroactive polymer electrode fabrication techniques. multiple active area polymers and transducers are further described in 779,203 now u.s. pat. no. ,664, 718, each of which is incorporated herein by reference for all purposes. given the ability to pattern and independently control multiple active areas allows rolled transducers of the present invention to be employed in many new applications; as well as employed in existing applications in new ways. active areas 176 on transducer 170 may be configured for one or more functions. in one embodiment, all active areas 176 are all configured for actuation. in another embodiment suitable for use with robotic applications, one or two active areas 176 are configured for sensing while the remaining active areas 176 are configured for actuation. in this manner, a rolled electroactive polymer device using transducer 170 is capable of both actuation and sensing. any active areas designated for sensing may each include dedicated wiring to sensing electronics, as described below. at shown, electrodes 174 a-d each include a wire 175 a-d attached thereto that provides dedicated external electrical communication and permits individual control for each active area 176 a-d. electrodes 174 e-i are all electrical communication with common electrode 177 and wire 179 that provides common electrical communication with active areas 176 e-i. common electrode 177 simplifies electrical communication with multiple active areas of a rolled electroactive polymer that are employed to operate in a similar manner. in one embodiment, common electrode 177 comprises aluminum foil disposed on polymer 172 before rolling. in one embodiment, common electrode 177 is a patterned electrode of similar material to that used for electrodes 174 a-i, e.g., carbon grease. for example, a set of active areas may be employed for one or more of actuation, generation, sensing, changing the stiffness and or damping, or a combination thereof. suitable electrical control also allows a single active area to be used for more than one function. for example, active area 174 a may be used for actuation and variable stiffness control of a robotic limb in a robotics application. the same active area may also be used for generation to produce electrical energy based on motion of the robotic limb. suitable electronics for each of these functions are described in further detail below. active area 174 b may also be flexibly used for actuation, generation, sensing, changing stiffness, or a combination thereof. energy generated by one active area may be provided to another active area, if desired by an application. thus, rolled polymers and transducers of the present invention may include active areas used as an actuator to convert from electrical to mechanical energy, a generator to convert from mechanical to electrical energy, a sensor that detects a parameter, or a variable stiffness and or damping device that is used to control stiffness and or damping, or combinations thereof. in one embodiment, multiple active areas employed for actuation are wired in groups to provide graduated electrical control of force and or deflection output from a rolled electroactive polymer device. for example, a rolled electroactive polymer transducer many have active areas in which active areas are coupled to one common electrode, active areas to a second common electrode, another active areas to a third common electrode, active areas to a fourth common electrode in the remaining five individually wired. suitable computer management and on-off control for each common electrode then allows graduated force and deflection control for the rolled transducer using only binary on off switching. the biological analogy of this system is motor units found in many mammalian muscular control systems. obviously, any number of active areas and common electrodes may be implemented in this manner to provide a suitable mechanical output or graduated control system. multiple degree of freedom rolled devices in another embodiment, multiple active areas on an electroactive polymer are disposed such subsets of the active areas radially align after rolling. for example, the multiple the active areas may be disposed such that, after rolling, active areas are disposed every degrees in the roll. these radially aligned electrodes may then be actuated in unity to allow multiple degree of freedom motion for a rolled electroactive polymer device. radially aligned active area 184 may include common electrical communication with active areas on inner polymer layers having the same radial alignment. likewise, the other three radially aligned outer active areas 182, 186, and the back active area not shown, may include common electrical communication with their inner layer counterparts. in one embodiment, transducer 180 comprises four leads that provide common actuation for each of the four radially aligned active area sets. combining actuation of the radially aligned active area sets produces a two-dimensional space for deflection of top portion 189. for example, radially aligned active area sets 186 and 184 may be actuated simultaneously to produce deflection for the top portion in a degree angle corresponding to the coordinate system shown in transducer 180 is also capable of three-dimensional deflection. simultaneous actuation of active areas on all four sides of transducer 180 will move top portion 189 upward. in other words, transducer 180 is also a linear actuator capable of axial deflection based on simultaneous actuation of active areas on all sides of transducer 180. coupling this linear actuation with the differential actuation of radially aligned active areas and their resulting two-dimensional deflection as just described above, results in a three dimensional deflection space for the top portion of transducer 180. thus, suitable electrical control allows top portion 189 to move both up and down as well as trace two-dimensional paths along this linear axis. although transducer 180 is shown for simplicity with four radially aligned active area sets disposed at degree increments, it is understood that transducers of the present invention capable of two- and three-dimensional motion may comprise more complex or alternate designs. for example, eight radially aligned active area sets disposed at degree increments. alternatively, three radially aligned active area sets disposed at 120 degree increments may be suitable for 2d and -d motion. in addition, although transducer 180 is shown with only one set of axial active areas, the structure of nested rolled electroactive polymer devices some applications desire an increased stroke from a rolled electroactive polymer device. in one embodiment, a nested configuration is used to increase the stroke of an electroactive polymer device. in a nested configuration, one or more electroactive polymer rolls are placed in the hollow central part of another electroactive polymer roll. output shaft 208 may provide mechanical output for device 200 or mechanical interface to external objects . bearings may be disposed in a bottom housing 212 and allow substantially frictionless linear motion of shaft 208 axially through the center of device 200. housing 212 is also attached to the bottom of roll 206 and includes bearings that allow travel of shaft 208 through housing 212. the deflection of shaft 208 comprises a cumulative deflection of each electroactive polymer roll included in nested device 200. more specifically, individual deflections of polymer roll 202, 204 and 206 will sum to provide the total linear motion output of shaft 208. in another embodiment, shaft 208 may be a shaft inside a tube, which allows the roll to expand and contract axially without bending in another direction. while it would be advantageous in some situations to have 208 attached to the top of 202 and running through bearings, shaft 208 could also be two separate pieces: a shaft connected to 212 and protruding axially about of the way toward the top of 206, and a tube connected to the top of 206 and protruding axially about of the way toward 212, partially enveloping the shaft connected to 212. in this configuration, adjacent electroactive polymer rolls are connected at their common unconnected end. more specifically, the bottom of electroactive polymer roll 222 is connected to the bottom of the next outer electroactive polymer roll, namely roll 224. likewise, the top of electroactive polymer roll 224 is connected to the top of the outermost electroactive polymer roll 226. the top of polymer roll 222 is connected to an output shaft 228 that runs through the center of device 220. similar to as that described with respect to shaft 208, shaft 222 may be a shaft inside a tube, which allows the roll to expand and contract axially without bending in another direction. this nested design may be repeated with an increasing number of layers to provide increased deflection. actuating every other roll tarting from the first nested roll causes shaft 228 to contract. actuating every other roll starting from the outermost roll causes shaft 228 to extend. one benefit to the design of nested device 220 is that charge may be shunted from one polymer roll to another, thus conserving overall energy usage. it is worth noting that each device 200 or 220 may be operated as a high strain generator or sensor that receives mechanical energy via shaft 208 or 228, as will be described in further detail below. negative spring constant designs a mechanism of the present invention may vary the force it provides with deflection of the transducer or device. for rolled electroactive polymer devices that employ a spring, as the device axially extends, the output force of the device typically decreases as a result of the spring. in many applications, it is desirable to implement mechanical input, such as a linear actuator, whose output force is constant over the range of deflection or increases with extension according to the needs of the application. such constant or negative spring constant mechanical input may be achieved using several mechanisms. indeed, many such mechanisms could be attached to a rolled actuator externally or within the hollow interior. additionally, it is also possible to make the spring structure itself operate as a constant or negative spring constant spring. for example, the spring could be made by stacking several belleville washers on a rigid rod with a flange at one to restrain the most proximal belleville washer. belleville washers are circular disks with a central hole that are slightly conical. when compressed with sufficient force they can be made to pass through the point at which they are completely flat and become conical in the opposite direction from the original configuration. this flange is attached to one end of the roll. at the other end of the stack is a flat washer that is attached to the other end of the roll that restrains and allows the rolled polymer material to compress the belleville washers past the point at which they become unstable and exert a force to invert the orientation of the cone. many other negative spring constant mechanisms could be used that do not require belleville washers. these mechanism need only be placed between each washer in a stack of flat washers so that the entire stack behaves as a negative constant spring. in all these examples, the edges of the washers provide support for the stretched polymer film. other constant or negative spring constant mechanical input and there use to enhance the output of dielectric elastomer actuators are further described in patent ser. no. 779,373, which is incorporated herein for all purposes. end pieces 242 and 244, rolled electroactive polymer 246, and spring 248 are similar in structure and function as that described above with respect to magnet 252 has a taper on its inner edge 253; and core 254 has a corresponding taper on its outer edge 255. with changing polymer 246 deflection and motion of rod 250, magnet 252 is drawn closer to core 254 thus exerting a force on slide 250 that increases as magnet 252 nears core 254. in one embodiment, magnet 252 is magnetized radially. thus, as rod 250 extends, the output force of slide 250 due to spring 248 gets weaker, but the output force of rod 250 due to the internal magnetic assembly gets stronger. spring 248 and the internal magnetic assembly may be designed or configured to attain a desired force relationship with deflection. for example, spring 248 and internal magnetic assembly may be designed and configured such that the net force of rod 250 increases with polymer 246 deflection. since the force of magnetic attraction between magnet 252 and core 254 decreases with the square of rod 250 deflection, designing and implementing a :correspondence between linear slide deflection and magnetic attraction would result in a narrow operating range. however, with the tapered magnet design of device 240, as rod 250 encounters large deflections, the force of magnetic attraction changes only slightly, thereby resulting in a larger deflection operating range. in another embodiment, magnet 252 has a vertical inner edge a cylinder with a straight hole through it and core 254 also has a matching cylindrical outer profile. in this case, there is a force from magnet 252 pulling core 254 completely inside magnet 252. as magnet 252 nears core 254, it similarly draws core 254 into the magnetic cylinder, thus resulting in a net force on rod 250. this second configuration allows simpler manufacture. in one embodiment, device 240 also comprises a hard stop 258 attached to end piece 242. hard stop 258 places a physical limit on how close magnet 252 can get to core 254, and prevents contact between magnet 252 and core 254. alternatively, a barrier layer may be disposed between magnet 252 and core 254, such as a layer of plastic, cardboard, foam, etc., to prevent metal on magnet contact. actuator designs for precise angular control previous examples of rolled actuators designs with the potential for both bending and lengthening motions e.g., the cross section of the support member 803 may be of any shape, such as round or square. the cross sectional shape of the support member may be constant along its length or may vary along its length see in one embodiment, the support member 803 may comprise a plurality of extendable nested tubes, such as telescoping tubes. thus, the support member may be lengthened or shortened by fixing the nested tubes at a particular length. for instance, the nested tubes may be pinned at a particular length. by changing the length of the nested tubes, an initial strain on the polymer roll may be increased or decreased. in manufacture, the polymer may be rolled around and then secured to the telescoping tubes. initially, the tubes may be at their minimum length. then, the tubes may be stretched to the final length and fixed in position to provide a tensile force on the polymer roll. the support member 803 is attached to an end cap 806 with flange 805 and a cylindrical bore 804. the support member 803 also includes a cylindrical bore 804. the support member 803 and the end cap 806 are shaped to allow a pin 808 to be inserted through the cylindrical bore 804 to provide a coupling between the support member 803 and the end cap 806 and to allow the end cap 806 to rotate about the pin 808. the polymer roll 801 is secured to the end cap 806. in one embodiment, the polymer roll 801 is stretched so that it exerts a force that pulls the end cap 806 towards the base. the stretching is an initial strain or pre-strain on the polymer roll. the initial strain or pre-strain is in reference to the rolled actuator device 800 in an unactuated position. in this embodiment, in the unactuated position, the top of the end cap 806 is parallel to the base 802. in other embodiments, in the unactuated position, the top of the cap 806 and the base 802 may be non-parallel relative to one another. for instance, a force tunable spring may be used to set an initial angle between the end cap 806 and the base in the unactuated position. in another embodiment, the pivot point may be located off center from the axis through the center of the support member 803. placing the pivot point off-center results in an initial non-horizontal angle to balance the moments about the pivot point generated by the polymer roll 801, which is in tension. a logic device and conditioning electronics not shown in communication with the polymer roll 801 and coupled to the device 800 may be used to position the end cap 806 at various angles 807 by controlling the voltages supplied to the active areas of the roll polymer 801. further, when the end cap 806 is rotated from a first angle to a second angle, the logic device and the conditioning electronics may be used to control a rate of rotation of the end cap 806. the logic device may include a memory for storing a table that relates an angular position to operating parameters for the polymer roll 801, such as voltages and strains for the active areas. the logic device may use the table to position the end cap 806. the logic device may be operable to vary the position of the end cap 806 as a function of time. the device 800 may include one or more sensors for measuring operating parameters of the device. a position of the end cap, an angular velocity of the end cap, an acceleration of the end cap, voltages on one portions of polymer roll 801 and strains on one or more portions of the polymer roll 801 are examples of operating parameters that may be directly measured or deduced from sensor measurements. in some embodiments, the measurements may be used in a feedback control loop for the device. in other embodiments, the device 800 may be designed as part of a sensor and the measurements may be used to generate a sensed output provided by the device. further, details of logic devices, conditioning electronics, sensors and using rolled polymers for sensing purposes are described with respect to when the active area 801 b is actuated and the end cap is rotated through angle 807, a portion of the polymer roll 801 is lengthened and a portion of the polymer roll 801 is shortened. since the polymer roll 801 is in tension, the portion that is shortened provides a rotational moment about the pivot point that helps to rotate the end-cap through angle 807. the rotational moment generated by the unactuated portions of the polymer, such as 801 a, decreases the energy needed to rotate the end cap 806. in one embodiment, during operation of the device 807, the angle 807 may be defined as a difference between an initial angular position and a second angular position. controlled angular output, such as, described in the paragraph above, may be used in many applications. for instance, the device 800 may be used as part of a servo-mechanism that controls the actuation of a side view mirror of an automobile. as another example, the device 800 may be used as part of a biomemetic robot. the end cap 806 provides a mechanical linkage between portions of the polymer. in this case, the end cap 806 acts as a lever through the pivot point 804. in the present invention, many different types and combinations of mechanical linkages may be used to allow forces and moments to be communicated from a first portion of the polymer roll 801 to a second portion of the polymer roll 801. some examples of mechanical linkages are described with respect to the shape of the end cap 806 where the rolled polymer is attached may be varied from the round shape in when a shape with a center, such as a circle or an oval, is used for the portion of the end cap 806 where the polymer roll is attached, the center of the shape does not necessarily have to be aligned with the center of the support member 803. when the center of shape of the end cap 806 is placed off center relative to the center axis of the support member 803, the moments about the pivot point can be varied. in addition, the present invention is not limited to ovular and circular shapes, which is provided for illustrative purposes only. the material of the support member 803 may be selected to support the load exerted by the stretched polymer roll 801 as well as any loads experienced during operation of the device 800. metals, plastics, ceramics and composites are examples of suitable materials. during operation of the device 800, the support member 803 may be designed to be rigid under some conditions and flexible under others. for instance, if the device is exposed to a sudden impulsive load, the support member 803 may be designed to bend to absorb the load rather than break in an analogous manner to a human bone. the material of the end cap 806 or any of the mechanical linkages of the present invention may be the same or different than the support members. metals, plastics, ceramics and composites are examples of suitable materials. as shown in via the end cap 806 or another suitable component of the device 800, a force or a moment may be output. in addition, the device 800 may receive a force or a moment that is generated outside of the device via the end cap 806 or another suitable component. for instance, the device 800 could be a component in a joystick and could receive forces or moments from a person using the joystick. when the device receives an outside force or an outside moment, the device 800 may generate a force or a moment in response. for example, in response to receiving an outside force one or more active areas of the polymer 801 may be actuated to stiffen the device to make it more difficult to move or to slow down a rate of movement of the device. in another example, the device 800 may vibrate or move in some other manner in response to the force. these types of responses may be used as part of a force feedback device, such as part of an input device used on a gaming console. in another example, the device 800 could be used as a sensor that measures a change in a parameter due to an input of an outside force or moment to the device. for instance, in the joystick application, the device may be arranged to measure strains on different portions of the polymer 801 resulting from receiving an input force. the measured strains, which may be output by the device 800, may be used to determine a relative position of the device 800. in another example, the device 800 b may be arranged to sense changes in its configuration to determine a magnitude of a force received as an input to the device. other parameters that may be measured using the device 800 as part of a sensor include but are not limited to a linear position, an angular position, a linear velocity, an angular velocity, a linear acceleration, an angular acceleration and combinations thereof. the device 810 may operate in a manner similar to the device 800 described with respect to many different shapes, connection schemes and arrangements of mechanical linkages may be used with the present invention. different shapes of mechanical linkages are described with respect to fig. 3q , different arrangements are described with respect to shape 814 a is a circular disc with a bar for connecting to support member 803. shape 814 b is a circular disc with outer portions of the disc removed and a bar for connecting to support member 803. the removal of the outer portion of the disc eliminates contact and hence linkage with portions of the polymer 801 as compared to 814 a. shape 814 c is more ovular and compact version of shape 814 b. shape 814 d is the shape 814 c with a square appendage on one side. the movement of the mechanical linkage 812 a generates a rotational moment 817 around axis 816. the square appendage on 814 d may be used to transfer energy from the rotational moment 817 to another portion of device 810. for instance, in one embodiment, the square appendage may be coupled to a torsional spring that is wound or unwound when the polymer roll 801 is actuated. in one embodiment, the torsional spring may be used to generate a restoring force that helps to return an actuated portion of the polymer roll 801 to its unactuated position. as described with respect to the end cap 806 in in embodiments of the present invention, an alignment of the couplings of the mechanical linkages to the support member 803 and a type of coupling may vary from linkage to linkage. for instance, in one embodiment, the end cap 806 may be coupled to the support member 803 using a ball and socket joint not shown . mechanical linkage 812 a may use shape 814 b see fig. 3q to connect to the support member 803, the mechanical linkage 812 b may use shape 814 b rotated degrees see in this example, the device 810 may use two pairs of active regions on the polymer roll 801 aligned perpendicularly to one another. the four active regions on the polymer roll 801 may be actuated to position the end cap 806 with an orientation designated by two angles 818 and 819 as shown in as described above with respect to a spherical connection scheme 811 c comprises a spherical shaped portion 824 of support member 823. the mechanical linkage 825 may be rotated in multiple dimensions about the spherical portion 824. in one embodiment, the support member 823 may include a cylindrical rather than spherical shaped portion to limit the range of motion of mechanical linkage 825. a paired protuberance connection scheme 811 d comprises two protuberances 827 around a circumference of support member 826. the two protuberances confine a mechanical linkage within the two protuberances to a particular range of motion. the present invention is not limited to a plurality of separate mechanical linkages. in particular embodiments, the mechanical linkages may be linked to one another is some manner. for example, in one embodiment of the present invention, a spring 830 is a used as a mechanical linkage. since the coils of the spring are all linked together, communication of forces between different portions of the mechanical linkage is possible. further, the coils may be used to transfer forces and moments from different portions of the polymer roll along its length when the active areas 801 a and 801 b of the polymer roll are actuated. in addition, the spring also may provide shape stability to the roll along its length. in another embodiment of the present invention, a solid material such as a foam sleeve may be placed around support member 803. the foam sleeve may be employed as a mechanical linkage to transfer forces and moments from a first portion of the polymer roll to a second portion of the polymer roll. further, the foam leave may be used to provide shape stability for the polymer roll. the mechanical linkages, such as spring 803, do not have to be located along the entire length of the support member 803. in one embodiment of the present invention in in the present invention, the polymer roll 801 may be attached to the mechanical linkages using a variety of methods. a few of these examples are described with respect to in one embodiment, pins may be used to secure the polymer to a support member or mechanical linkage and in addition may be used as part of an electrical connection scheme. thus, the pins may be manufactured from an electrically conductive material in other embodiments of the present invention, the pins may be insulated. when inserted through the electroactive polymer, the pins may electrically connect the active areas on multiple layers of the wrapped electroactive polymers. further, the pins may connect two or more active areas on different portions of the polymer roll. for example, a pin may extend through one side of the roll, through the center of the roll and out the other side and electrically connect side active areas on the opposite side of the rolls. in one embodiment, the pinned joint 842 may be stopped to limit the amount of rotation. for example, the joint 842 may be stopped to allow the support members to align vertically and for support member 840 to rotate only to the right from the vertically aligned position. the joint 842 may be stopped to allow a variety of angular ranges and is not limited to being stopped with the support members in vertically aligned position. when active area 801 b is actuated, the polymer in the active area lengthens and support members 840 and 841 rotate toward one another such that the angle 843 between the support members is less than 180 degrees. since the polymer roll is in tension, the unactuated portion of the polymer 801 b may generate a rotational moment that helps to rotate the device 870 during actuation of the active area 801 a. this design may help to minimize the energy needed to operate device 870. when the active area 801 a is unactuated, the polymer in active area 801 a shortens and the device 870 is pulled back to an approximately vertically aligned position. many of the embodiments of the present invention have robotics related applications. when designing actuators for robotics, a designer often looks to nature for inspiration. for instance, humans and other animals use antagonistic muscle pairs. when one muscle of the antagonistic pair lengthens, the other muscle in the pair shortens. in besides antagonistic muscle pairs, at joint interfaces e.g., at the knee , the human muscular-skeletal system employs attachments for large and small muscles. the attachments may be connected to antagonistic muscle pairs. these attachments may overlap and produce different forces and moments that aid in movement, balance and stability. in two cuts are made in the polymer roll along cut lines 846. the cuts may extend from an outer surface of the polymer roll 801 to an inner surface of the polymer roll i.e. slice through the roll 801 from the outer surface into the hollow center portion. the cuts may have the effect of preventing forces and moments generated in one portion of the polymer roll from propagating to another portion of the polymer roll. the cuts along lines 846 may also be made on the opposite of the polymer roll 801 not shown to divide the polymer roll 801 into four muscle strands. three of the muscle strands 848 a, 848 b, 848 c are shown in the figure. each of the muscle strands may include one or more active areas that may be actuated. the muscle strands may be controlled and may move independently of one another. the cut lines allow each strand to slide past the other. a length of each muscle strand may be defined as the distance between its attachment points. with this definition, an unactuated length of muscle strands 848 a and 848 c is the distance between its attachment points to the ends members 840 and 841 when members 840 and 841 are vertically aligned. when the members 840 and 841 are vertically aligned, an unactuated length of muscle strand 848 b is shorter then muscle strands 848 a and 848 c because it attachment point is located in the middle of member 841 rather than at its end point. when actuated, muscle 848 a is allowed to lengthen between its two attachment points at base 840 and 841. when actuated muscle 848 b is allowed to lengthen between its two attachment points at base 840 and attachment point 845. the attachment point 845 constrains the muscle 848 b from lengthening between attachment point 845 and base 841 as a result of the actuation of muscle 848 b. the cut lines are shown extending the length of the roll for illustrated purposes only. in other embodiments, cut lines may be made that are smaller i.e., that do not extend the length of the roll. further, cut lines may be made that are along a portion of the length of the roll, around a portion of the circumference or the roll. in general, the cut lines may be made along any -d curve on the outer surface of the roll. further, the cut line may extend through all of the layers of the polymer roll or through only a portion of the layers of the polymer roll. in another embodiment see in operation, device 871 may be actuated in a manner similar to device 870. muscle strand 848 a may be actuated such that it lengthens. the lengthening of muscle strand 848 a and the initial strain placed on muscle strands 848 b and 848 c results in moments that rotate member 840. as previously described, this can be said to be mimic the workings of an antagonistic muscle pair in a human body. after actuation of muscle strand 848 a, muscle strand 848 b may be actuated to more precisely match a desired angle between support members 840 and 841. for example, muscle strand 848 a may be actuated so that the angle between the support members is smaller than desired. then, muscle strand 848 b may be actuated to increase the angle and to more closely match the desired angle. in general, the changes in angle produced by muscle strand 848 a may be greater than the changes in angle generated by muscle strand 848 b. as previously describe, this can be said to mimic large and small muscle working together in the human body where the large muscle control gross movements and the small muscles control fine movements. a larger muscle strand may be used to generate the same amount of movement as a smaller muscle strand. however, an advantage of using a smaller muscle strand is that it may require less energy and may afford more precision than using a larger muscle strand. an electroactive polymer roll 801 may be generated, stretched and attached to the ends of support members 850 and 851 as was described for devices 870 and 871. then, a number of cuts may be made in the polymer roll 801 and attachment points added to create muscle strands of varying lengths. the polymer roll may be initially patterned so that active areas of a desired length are between the attachment points. in one embodiment of the present invention, the initial strains on each muscle strand may be adjusted relative to one another. as is described with respect to the process of adjusting the initial strain on a muscle strand is further described with respect to muscle strand 860 includes strand attachment point 862 where the active area of the muscle strand is above the attachment point. after the initial stretching of the polymer roll, strand attachment point 862 is aligned support attachment point 861 b. thus, the strain on the muscle strand 860 may be fixed at the value after the initial stretching by connecting strand attachment point 862 to attachment point 861 b. further, the strain on muscle strand 860 may be decreased from its value after the initial stretching by connecting strand attachment point 862 to attachment point 861 b. in some embodiments, the pre-strain may be decreased to zero or a compressive strain may be placed on the muscle strand. in another embodiment, in device 874, a slot 863 may be used to provide a range of attachment points of muscle strand 860 to support member 851. in this embodiment, the initial strain muscle strand 860 may be increased or decreased depending at what location in the slot the support attachment point 861 a is fixed. in another embodiment of the present invention, the location of the support attachment point 861 a may be varied during the operation of the device 874. thus, the length of muscle strand 860 and hence its strain at a particular position may be varied to increase the efficiency the device or vary of stiffness of the device 874. in one embodiment, another electroactive polymer actuator may be used to adjust the position of the attachment point 861 a. although not shown, in other embodiments, the devices 871, 872 and 873 may include a plurality of mechanical linkages as described above. these mechanical linkages may serve as attachment points for the muscle strands shown in device 871, 872 and 873. further, the mechanical linkages may be used to connect two more muscle strands together in some manner. in addition, a plurality of roll polymer actuators may be coupled together in a massively parallel system. for instance, a number of roll polymer actuators with angular output may be coupled together to produce an actuator capable of generating a snake-like motion. in another example, the actuators may be placed in parallel to allow for a starfish like motion. also, these configurations of angular control can be used for stiffness control. for example, if in electroactive polymers have many functional uses. in addition to actuation, active areas of the present invention may also be used for generation and production of electrical energy, sensing, stiffness control, or damping control. when a relatively small voltage difference is applied between electrodes and , deflection of transducer portion will tend to change the voltage difference between the electrodes or drive charge to or from the electrodes, or do both, depending on the electrical state imposed on the electrodes and . as polymer changes in size, the changing electrical properties and voltage may be detected, dissipated, and or used. for example, the change in voltage difference between the electrodes may be used to drive current to or from one of the electrodes which is dissipated through a resistor. some or all of the charge and energy can be removed when the transducer portion is fully contracted in the plane defined by directions and . alternatively, some or all of the charge and energy can be removed during contraction. if the electric field pressure in the polymer increases and reaches balance with the mechanical elastic restoring forces and external load during contraction, the contraction will stop before full contraction, and no further elastic mechanical energy will be converted to electrical energy. removing some of the charge and stored electrical energy reduces the electrical field pressure, thereby allowing contraction to continue. the exact electrical behavior of the transducer portion when operating in generator mode depends on any electrical and mechanical loading as well as the intrinsic properties of polymer and electrodes and . in some cases, the transducer portion may be described electrically as a variable capacitor. the capacitance decreases for the shape change going from that shown in for a transducer having a substantially constant thickness, one mechanism for differentiating the performance of the transducer, or a portion of the transducer associated with a single active area, as being an actuator or a generator is in the change in net area orthogonal to the thickness associated with the polymer deflection. for these transducers or active areas, when the deflection causes the net area of the transducer active area to decrease and there is charge on the electrodes, the transducer active area is converting from mechanical to electrical energy and acting as a generator. conversely, when the deflection causes the net area of the transducer active area to increase and charge is on the electrodes, the transducer active area is converting electrical to mechanical energy and acting as an actuator. the change in area in both cases corresponds to a reverse change in film thickness, i.e. the thickness contracts when the planar area expands, and the thickness expands when the planar area contracts. both the change in area and change in thickness determine the amount of energy that is converted between electrical and mechanical. since the effects due to a change in area and corresponding change in thickness are complementary, only the change in area will be discussed herein for sake of brevity. in addition, although deflection of an electroactive polymer will primarily be discussed as a net increase in area of the polymer when the polymer is being used in an actuator to produce mechanical energy, it is understood that in some cases i.e. depending on the loading , the net area may decrease to produce mechanical work. thus, devices of the present invention may include both actuator and generator modes, depending on how the polymer is arranged and applied. electroactive polymers of the present invention may also be configured as a sensor. generally, electroactive polymer sensors of this invention detect a parameter and or changes in the parameter. the parameter is usually a physical property of an object such as its temperature, density, strain, deformation, velocity, location, contact, acceleration, vibration, volume, pressure, mass, opacity, concentration, chemical state, conductivity, magnetization, dielectric constant, size, etc. in some cases, the parameter being sensed is associated with a physical event . the physical event that is detected may be the attainment of a particular value or state of a physical or chemical property. an electroactive polymer sensor is configured such that a portion of the electroactive polymer deflects in response to the change in a parameter being sensed. the electrical energy state and deflection state of the polymer are related. the change in electrical energy or a change in the electrical impedance of an active area resulting from the deflection may then be detected by sensing electronics in electrical communication with the active area electrodes. this change may comprise a capacitance change of the polymer, a resistance change of the polymer, and or resistance change of the electrodes, or a combination thereof. electronic circuits in electrical communication with electrodes detect the electrical property change. if a change in capacitance or resistance of the transducer is being measured for example, one applies electrical energy to electrodes included in the transducer and observes a change in the electrical parameters. in one embodiment, deflection is input into an active area sensor in some manner via one or more coupling mechanisms. in one embodiment, the changing property or parameter being measured by the sensor corresponds to a changing property of the electroactive polymer, e.g. displacement or size changes in the polymer, and no coupling mechanism is used. sensing electronics in electrical communication with the electrodes detect change output by the active area. in some cases, a logic device in electrical communication with sensing electronics of sensor quantifies the electrical change to provide a digital or other measure of the changing parameter being sensed. for example, the logic device may be a single chip computer or microprocessor that processes information produced by sensing electronics. electroactive polymer sensors are further described in 007,705, which is incorporated herein by reference for all purposes. an active area may be configured such that sensing is performed simultaneously with actuation of the active area. for a monolithic transducer, one active area may be responsible for actuation and another for sensing. alternatively, the same active area of a polymer may be responsible for actuation and sensing. in this case, a low amplitude, high frequency ac sensing signal may be superimposed on the driving actuation signal. for example, a hz sensing signal may be superimposed on a hz actuation signal. the driving signal will depend on the application, or how fast the actuator is moving, but driving signals in the range from less than .hz to about million hz are suitable for many applications. in one embodiment, the sensing signal is at least about times faster than the motion being measured. sensing electronics may then detect and measure the high frequency response of the polymer to allow sensor performance that does not interfere with polymer actuation. similarly, if impedance changes are detected and measured while the electroactive polymer transducer is being used as a generator, a small, high-frequency ac signal may be superimposed on the lower-frequency generation voltage signal. filtering techniques may then separate the measurement and power signals. active areas of the present invention may also be configured to provide variable stiffness and damping functions. in one embodiment, open loop techniques are used to control stiffness and or damping of a device employing an electroactive polymer transducer; thereby providing simple designs that deliver a desired stiffness and or damping performance without sensor feedback. for example, control electronics in electrical communication with electrodes of the transducer may supply a substantially constant charge to the electrodes. alternately, the control electronics may supply a substantially constant voltage to the electrodes. systems employing an electroactive polymer transducer offer several techniques for providing stiffness and or damping control. an exemplary circuit providing stiffness damping control is provided below. while not described in detail, it is important to note that active areas and transducers in all the figures and discussions for the present invention may convert between electrical energy and mechanical energy bi-directionally with suitable electronics . thus, any of the rolled polymers, active areas, polymer configurations, transducers, and devices described herein may be a transducer for converting mechanical energy to electrical energy generation, variable stiffness or damping, or sensing and for converting electrical energy to mechanical energy actuation, variable stiffness or damping, or sensing . typically, a generator or sensor active area of the present invention comprises a polymer arranged in a manner that causes a change in electric field in response to deflection of a portion of the polymer. the change in electric field, along with changes in the polymer dimension in the direction of the field, produces a change in voltage, and hence a change in electrical energy. often the transducer is employed within a device that comprises other structural and or functional elements. for example, external mechanical energy may be input into the transducer in some manner via one or more mechanical transmission coupling mechanisms. for example, the transmission mechanism may be designed or configured to receive biologically-generated mechanical energy and to transfer a portion of the biologically-generated mechanical energy to a portion of a polymer where the transferred portion of the biologically generated mechanical energy results in a deflection in the transducer. the biologically-generated mechanical energy may produce an inertial force or a direct force where a portion of the inertial force or a portion of the direct force is received by the transmission mechanism. in one embodiment, the direct force may be from a foot strike. devices of the present invention may also rely on conditioning electronics that provide or receive electrical energy from electrodes of an active area for one of the electroactive polymer functions mentioned above. conditioning electronics in electrical communication with one or more active areas may include functions such as stiffness control, energy dissipation, electrical energy generation, polymer actuation, polymer deflection sensing, control logic, etc. for actuation, electronic drivers may be connected to the electrodes. the voltage provided to electrodes of an active area will depend upon specifics of an application. in one embodiment, an active area of the present invention is driven electrically by modulating an applied voltage about a dc bias voltage. modulation about a bias voltage allows for improved sensitivity and linearity of the transducer to the applied voltage. for example, a transducer used in an audio application may be driven by a signal of up to 200 to 100 volts peak to peak on top of a bias voltage ranging from about 750 to volts dc. suitable actuation voltages for electroactive polymers, or portions thereof, may vary based on the material properties of the electroactive polymer, such as the dielectric constant, as well as the dimensions of the polymer, such as the thickness of the polymer film for example, actuation electric fields used to actuate polymer in voltage source 134 provides the voltage used in system 130. in this case, voltage source 134 sets the minimum voltage for transducer 132. adjusting this minimum voltage, together with open loop control 138, adjusts the stiffness provided by transducer 132. voltage source 134 also supplies charge to system 130. voltage source 134 may include a commercially available voltage supply, such as a low-voltage battery that supplies a voltage in the range of about -volts, and step-up circuitry that raises the voltage of the battery. in this case, voltage step-down performed by step-down circuitry in electrical communication with the electrodes of transducer 132 may be used to adjust an electrical output voltage from transducer 132. alternately, voltage source 134 may include a variable step-up circuit that can produce a variable high voltage output from the battery. as will be described in further detail below, voltage source 134 may be used to apply a threshold electric field as described below to operate the polymer in a particular stiffness regime. the desired stiffness or damping for system 130 is controlled by variable stiffness damping circuitry 136, which sets and changes an electrical state provided by control electronics in system 130 to provide the desired stiffness damping applied by transducer 132. in this case, stiffness damping circuitry inputs a desired voltage to voltage source 134 and or inputs a parameter to open loop control 138. alternately, if step-up circuitry is used to raise the voltage source 134, circuitry 136 may input a signal to the step-up circuitry to permit voltage control. as transducer 132 deflects, its changing voltage causes charge to move between transducer 132 and buffer capacitor 140. thus, externally induced expansion and contraction of transducer 132, e.g., from a vibrating mechanical interface, causes charge to flow back and forth between transducer 132 and buffer capacitor 140 through open loop control 138. the rate and amount of charge moved to or from transducer 132 depends on the properties of buffer capacitor 140, the voltage applied to transducer 132, any additional electrical components in the electrical circuit such as a resistor used as open loop control 138 to provide damping functionality as current passes therethrough , the mechanical configuration of transducer 132, and the forces applied to or by transducer 132. in one embodiment, buffer capacitor 140 has a voltage substantially equal to that of transducer 132 for zero displacement of transducer 132, the voltage of system 130 is set by voltage source 134, and open loop control 138 is a wire; resulting in substantially free flow of charge between transducer 132 and buffer capacitor 140 for deflection of transducer 132. open loop control 138 provides a passive no external energy supplied dynamic response for stiffness applied by transducer 132. namely, the stiffness provided by transducer 132 may be set by the electrical components included in system 130, such as the control electronics and voltage source 134, or by a signal from control circuitry 136 acting upon one of the electrical components. either way, the response of transducer 132 is passive to the external mechanical deflections imposed on it. in one embodiment, open loop control 138 is a resistor. one can also set the resistance of the resistor to provide an rc time constant relative to a time of interest, e.g., a period of oscillation in the mechanical system that the transducer is implemented in. in one embodiment, the resistor has a high resistance such that the rc time constant of open loop control 138 and transducer 132 connected in series is long compared to a frequency of interest. in this case, the transducer 132 has a substantially constant charge during the time of interest. a resistance that produces an rc time constant for the resistor and the transducer in the range of about to about times the period of a frequency of interest may be suitable for some applications. for applications including cyclic motion, increasing the rc time constant much greater than the mechanical periods of interest allows the amount of charge on electrodes of transducer 132 to remain substantially constant during one cycle. in cases where the transducer is used for damping, a resistance that produces an rc time constant for the resistor and the transducer in the range of about .to about times the period of a frequency of interest may be suitable. as one of skill in the art will appreciate, resistances used for the resistor may vary based on application, particularly with respect to the frequency of interest and the size and therefore capacitance c of the transducer 132. in one embodiment of a suitable electrical state used to control stiffness and or damping using open loop techniques, the control electronics apply a substantially constant charge to electrodes of transducer 132, aside from any electrical imperfections or circuit details that minimally affect current flow. the substantially constant charge results in an increased stiffness for the polymer that resists deflection of transducer 132. one electrical configuration suitable for achieving substantially constant charge is one that has a high rc time constant, as described. when the value of the rc time constant of open loop control 138 and transducer 132 is long compared to the frequency of interest, the charge on the electrodes for transducer 132 is substantially constant. further description of stiffness and or damping control is further described in commonly owned patent application ser. no. 053,511, which is described herein for all purposes. for generation, mechanical energy may be applied to the polymer or active area in a manner that allows electrical energy changes to be removed from electrodes in contact with the polymer. many methods for applying mechanical energy and removing an electrical energy change from the active area are possible. rolled devices may be designed that utilize one or more of these methods to receive an electrical energy change. for generation and sensing, the generation and utilization of electrical energy may require conditioning electronics of some type. for instance, at the very least, a minimum amount of circuitry is needed to remove electrical energy from the active area. further, as another example, circuitry of varying degrees of complexity may be used to increase the efficiency or quantity of electrical generation in a particular active area or to convert an output voltage to a more useful value. at a first time, t1, rolled transducer 600 may possess a capacitance, c1, and the voltage across the transducer 600 may be voltage 601, vb. the voltage 601, vb, may be provided by the step-up circuitry 602. at a second time t2, later than time t1, the rolled transducer 600 may posses a capacitance c2 which is lower than the capacitance c1. generally speaking, the higher capacitance c1 occurs when the polymer transducer 600 is stretched in area, and the lower capacitance c2 occurs when the polymer transducer 600 is contracted or relaxed in area. without wishing to bound by a particular theory, the change in capacitance of a polymer film with electrodes may be estimated by well known formulas relating the capacitance to the film's area, thickness, and dielectric constant. the decrease in capacitance of the rolled transducer 600 between t1 and t2 will increase the voltage across the rolled transducer 600. the increased voltage may be used to drive current through diode 616. the diode 615 may be used to prevent charge from flowing back into the step-up circuitry at such time. the two diodes, 615 and 616, function as charge control circuitry 604 for rolled transducer 600 which is part of the power conditioning electronics 610 see a rolled transducer may also be used as an electroactive polymer sensor to measure a change in a parameter of an object being sensed. typically, the parameter change induces deflection in the transducer, which is converted to an electrical change output by electrodes attached to the transducer. many methods for applying mechanical or electrical energy to deflect the polymer are possible. typically, the sensing of electrical energy from a transducer uses electronics of some type. for instance, a minimum amount of circuitry is needed to detect a change in the electrical state across the electrodes. in one embodiment, the rolled transducer 351 is prepared for sensing by initially applying a voltage between its electrodes. in this case, a voltage, vi, is provided by the voltage 352. generally, vi is less than the voltage required to actuate rolled transducer 351. in some embodiments, a low-voltage battery may supply voltage, vi, in the range of about -volts. in any particular embodiment, choice of the voltage, vi may depend on a number of factors such as the polymer dielectric constant, the size of the polymer, the polymer thickness, environmental noise and electromagnetic interference, compatibility with electronic circuits that might use or process the sensor information, etc. the initial charge is placed on rolled transducer 351 using electronics control sub-circuit 357. the electronics control sub-circuit 357 may typically include a logic device such as single chip computer or microcontroller to perform voltage and or charge control functions on rolled transducer 351. the electronics control sub-circuit 357 is then responsible for altering the voltage provided by voltage 352 to initially apply the relatively low voltage on rolled transducer 351. sensing electronics 360 are in electrical communication with the electrodes of rolled transducer 351 and detect the change in electrical energy or characteristics of rolled transducer 351. in addition to detection, sensing electronics 360 may include circuits configured to detect, measure, process, propagate, and or record the change in electrical energy or characteristics of rolled transducer 351. electroactive polymer transducers of the present invention may behave electrically in several ways in response to deflection of the electroactive polymer transducer. correspondingly, numerous simple electrical measurement circuits and systems may be implemented within sensing electronics 360 to detect a change in electrical energy of rolled transducer 351. for example, if rolled transducer 351 operates in capacitance mode, then a simple capacitance bridge may be used to detect changes in rolled transducer 351 capacitance. in another embodiment, a high resistance resistor is disposed in series with rolled transducer 351 and the voltage drop across the high resistance resistor is measured as the rolled transducer 351 deflects. more specifically, changes in rolled transducer 351 voltage induced by deflection of the electroactive polymer are used to drive current across the high resistance resistor. the polarity of the voltage change across resistor then determines the direction of current flow and whether the polymer is expanding or contracting. resistance sensing techniques may also be used to measure changes in resistance of the polymer included or changes in resistance of the electrodes. some examples of these techniques are described in commonly owned patent application ser. no. 007,705, which was previously incorporated by reference. one advantage of rolled electroactive polymers of the present invention is simplified manufacture to obtain multilayer electroactive polymer devices. fabrication according to one embodiment of the present invention employs a frame or fixture to facilitate rolling of an electroactive polymer. rolling fixture 650 fixtures an electroactive polymer during rolling, which in this context refers to one or more of: a dimensioning an electroactive polymer for subsequent rolling, b establishing and maintaining a desired prestrain level including holding the electroactive polymer and overcoming any elastic restoring forces in the polymer resulting from prestrain stretching, and c functional reception of the rolling mechanism or process. rolling fixture 650 may include any features or structures that provide or facilitate one of these functions. for example, to minimize bubbles and other defects between polymer layers during rolling, surface 656 is preferably substantially smooth with no surface defects that may introduce bumps or other inconsistencies in the surface of the polymer during rolling. for some acrylic electroactive polymers, such as the such as vhb acrylic elastomer mentioned above for example, the acrylic has a high adhesion and may adhere to surface 656, thereby complicating the rolling process. surface 656 allows the polymer to be rolled without complications. in one embodiment to overcome adhesive complications, surface 656 comprises a teflon coating. in another embodiment in which fixture 650 is made from a rigid acrylic or when the electroactive polymer does not have adhesive properties, a tape or other adhesive control layer may be applied to the surface 656 to achieve a desired adhesiveness between the polymer and fixture rolling surface. the adhesive control layer eases peeling off of an adhesive polymer during rolling. in a specific embodiment, a crystal clear tape such as scotch brand crystal clear tape as provided by 3m company of st. paul, minn. is used as an adhesive control layer. when prestrain is applied to the polymer before rolling, receiving surface 656 preferably provides sufficient adhesion such that the prestrain is maintained by adhesion between the polymer and surface 656. however, as mentioned above, surface 656 is not so adhesive as to restrict peeling off of the polymer during the rolling process. this creates an adhesion range for the interface between surface 656 and the polymer that depends on the adhesion properties between the electroactive polymer and rolling surface 656. thus, selection of a rolling surface 656 or an additional adhesive control layer may be used to control the interface between surface 656 and the polymer. fabrication according to the present invention may also rely on one or more additional fabrication fixtures or devices. often, prestrain is applied to an electroactive polymer. this involves stretching polymer material, such as a thin film, from an area initially smaller than rolling dimensions to an area close to the rolling dimensions; and implies that the polymer must be held that this larger size during rolling. process flow 640 begins by receiving an electroactive polymer 641 . the polymer may be a commercially available product such as a commercially available acrylic elastomer film. alternatively, the polymer may be a film produced by one of casting, dipping, spin coating or spraying. spin coating typically involves applying a polymer mixture on a rigid substrate and spinning to a desired thickness. the polymer mixture may include the polymer, a curing agent and a volatile dispersant or solvent. the amount of dispersant, the volatility of the dispersant, and the spin speed may be altered to produce a desired polymer. by way of example, polyurethane films may be spin coated in a solution of polyurethane and tetrahydrofuran thf or cyclohexanone. in the case of silicon substrates, the polymer may be spin coated on an aluminized plastic or a silicon carbide. the aluminum and silicon carbide form a sacrificial layer that is subsequently removed by a suitable etchant. films in the range of one micrometer thick may be produced by spin coating in this manner. spin coating of polymer films, such as silicone, may be done on a smooth non-sticking plastic substrate, such as polymethyl methacrylate or teflon. the polymer film may then be released by mechanically peeling or with the assistance of alcohol or other suitable release agent. in one embodiment, prestrain is applied to the polymer, before rolling, by stretching the polymer in one or more directions 642 . as described above, the prestrain may be anisotropic or isotropic. in one embodiment, prestrain is applied by stretching the polymer from about to about in direction 669 and to about in direction 667 as shown in electrodes are then patterned onto opposing surfaces of the electroactive polymer 643 . specific techniques used to pattern the electrodes will depend on the electrode type. for carbon grease electrodes, the carbon grease may be manually brushed onto the polymer within a brush. a stencil or template may be placed over the polymer to help define an electrode area during the brushing process. carbon fibril electrodes may also be sprayed onto the polymer within a region defined by a stencil. in this case, a . dispersion of bn-type fibrils in ethyl acetate may be suitable. time may also be provided for sprayed electrodes to dry. from about one hour to about eight hours may be suitable in some cases, depending on the composition and amount of electrode applied. in one embodiment, a stencil defines an electrode area region of about cm to about cm by about cm to about cm. both starting and finishing ends of polymer 668 include a portion 671 and 677, respectively, that to do not include electrode material. portion 677 is not electroded to allow an outermost layer for the finished rolled device that does not include electrodes and acts as a barrier layer for mechanical protection and electrical isolation. when polymer 668 is rolled about a metal spring, portion 671 is not electroded to provide electrical isolation between inner layer electrodes at the metal spring. leads may also be disposed in electrical communication with the electrodes. when contact electrodes are used on both sides of polymer 668, a lead is attached to each contact electrode on both sides of polymer 668. in a specific embodiment, the lead comprises one or more copper or gold wires placed between aluminum foil and double sided tape. as shown in in one embodiment, a multiple layer rolled construction is used 644 . in this case, a second layer of electroactive polymer 680 is disposed on top of the electrode polymer 668 see for some acrylic electroactive polymers, adhesive properties of the acrylic polymer hold the layers together. in one embodiment, electrodes are not patterned for the second polymer 680. after rolling, electrode 673 on the top surface of polymer 668 acts as an electrode for both the top side of polymer 668 and the bottom side of polymer 680. after rolling, the electrode 681 on the bottom side of polymer 668 contacts the top side of polymer 680 and acts as an electrode for the top side of polymer 680. thus, after rolling, polymer 680 includes electrodes that contact both planar surfaces. another electroded polymer layer may be disposed on top of polymer 680, along with another polymer layer having no electrodes. all four may then be rolled. this even-numbered layer construction in which one polymer is electroded and the other is not may be repeated to produce or layer rolls or more , as desired. rolling a flat sheet introduces a strain gradient across the thickness of the polymer the strain is greater in the tensile direction towards the outer surface of the polymer. if a polymer roll is tightly wound, or thick or numerous layers of polymer are incorporated into the roll, than the strain difference may make the dimensions and performance of the inner layers different than the outer layers. thus, a multilayer stack that is composed of individual layers will have different amounts of prestrain in the horizontal direction, which corresponds to the circumferential direction when rolled. typically, outer layers in the multilayer stack will have a larger prestrain than inner layers. differential prestrain between layers may result in differential performance between layers. to achieve more consistent prestrain and performance throughout the roll, differing levels of prestrain may be applied to the multilayer stack before rolling. the differing levels of prestrain compensate for the strain gradient imposed on outer layers of a multilayer stack imposed by rolling. it may also be possible to introduce a strain gradient by soaking a multilayer stack in a liquid that is absorbed into the stack. the liquid contacts only one side of the stack and is slowly absorbed by the polymer in the liquid. the amount of absorption at any point in time, and consequently the amount of strain depends on the distance from the liquid bath. an example of a complimentary polymer and liquid pair is the 3m vhb acrylic described above and polyol ether. in this case, the liquid relaxes the polymer, thereby effectively reducing prestrain in both orthogonal directions. the effect of the liquid may also be controlled to some extent by barrier layers and or temperature control. for example, the liquid may be absorbed at relatively elevated temperatures to speed absorption. when the multilayer stack is returned to room temperature, the absorption will be relatively fixed by the cooler temperature, e.g. little subsequent diffusion of the liquid will take place. in another embodiment, barrier layers that prevent or inhibit diffusion may be used to achieve different levels of prestrain in layers 691. for example, with a simple two layer laminate, a polymer barrier may be disposed between the two electroactive polymer layers and used so that liquid is absorbed only into one electroactive polymer layer. the barrier polymer may be incorporated as a natural part of an electrode. returning to process flow 640, the polymer is typically rolled about some type of structure 645 . in the case of a compressive spring, the polymer is rolled around the spring while compressed. in one embodiment, spring compression during rolling is accomplished by a bolt that passes through the center of the spring and threads into inner threads of end pieces on both ends of the spring. when fabrication and process flow 640 is complete, the bolt is removed and the spring and polymer will deflect to an equilibrium position determined by the spring and polymer stiffnesses. alternatively, the bolt and compression may be maintained after fabrication but before usage, e.g., during storage, to minimize any creep in the polymer. in one embodiment, process flow 640 includes treating the spring surface with ptfe release agent to reduce friction between the spring and the polymer film to be rolled onto the spring. the polymer layer s are then rolled 646 . in one embodiment, this includes placing the polymer, or polymer stack, onto a rolling fixture such as fixture 650 shown in before rolling, the polymer or polymer stack is cut according to the outside dimensions of fixture 650. in one embodiment where prestrain is used and the polymer is stretched from its resting state, cutting the polymer may induce defects at the newly formed edges corresponding to cut. coupled with stretching forces associated with prestrain, these defects may propagate through the stretched polymer. to minimize edge defect formation and propagation, an edge support layer may be disposed on one or both sides of polymer 680 along the edges to be cut. the edge support layer is fixed to the outer periphery of the polymer and provides mechanical support in these regions. the edge support layer may comprise a layer of clear tape such as 3m crystal clear tape , kapton, or polyimide, from about mm to about mm in width, for example. for an acrylic electroactive polymer with adhesive properties, polymer material outside of patterned electrodes may adhere to the surface of the rolling fixture 650 and help maintain prestrain in the polymer established by stretching fixture 660. when the polymer is rolled about a compression spring, the compressed spring is placed on either end of the polymer on rolling fixture 650 and rolled down the length of the polymer. the polymer is then secured in its rolled configuration 647 . a piece of double sided tape may also be attached to the portions of the polymer rolled initially, or finally, or both. in either case, the double sided tape contributes to holding the rolled polymer and prevents unrolling. glue or another suitable adhesive may also be used to secure and maintain the rolled configuration of electroactive polymer. if end pieces are used at either end of the rolled electroactive polymer, an adhesive is disposed such that it contacts an end portion of the polymer when rolled and the rigid end piece and holds the end piece to the polymer. an external covering may also be added to the rolled electroactive polymer. multiple layers of a thin insulating polymer rolled or wrapped around the electroactive polymer may provide suitable mechanical electrical protection for the electroactive polymer. for example, multiple layers of vhb may be wrapped around electroactive polymer. in another embodiment, after the rolling, a rigid ring, metal strip, or plastic strip is tightly wrapped around the portion of the rolled polymer on the end piece. small holes are drilled if they are not already established through the rigid wrap, the polymer stack, and at least a portion of an end piece. adhesive is applied into the hole, followed by a nail or screw for a nail, adhesive is not necessary . rolled fabrication techniques of the present invention may also be used to manufacture multilayer electroactive polymer devices. device 920 may be used for linear actuation. rolled electroactive polymer devices of the present invention have numerous applications. as the present invention includes electroactive polymer devices that may be implemented to perform actuation, stiffness control, damping control, sensing, mechanical output, and or electrical energy generation, and implemented with a wide variety of designs, the present invention finds use in a broad range of applications. these applications include linear and complex actuators, motors, generators, sensors, robotics, toys, pumps, and fluid flow control. provided below are several exemplary applications for some of the transducers and devices described above. the exemplary applications described herein are not intended to limit the scope of the present invention. as one skilled in the art will appreciate, transducers of the present invention may find use in countless applications requiring conversion between electrical and mechanical energy. rolled electroactive polymer devices of the present invention are well-suited as general linear actuators; and applicable to any applications where linear actuators are useful. one common application of rolled electroactive polymer devices of the present invention is for robots. one end of a device may be coupled to a robotic link to provide weight bearing, force, stroke, sensing, compliance and motion control capabilities. in one embodiment, a rolled electroactive polymer is used in conjunction with a robotic leg. conventionally, locomotion for a legged robot is achieved using a leg structure that supports the robot weight that allows for actuation and strain sensor functionality. a relatively sophisticated central control system is required to coordinate the actuation and sensor functions. an electroactive polymer device however allows the design to combine actuation, sensing, and elastic spring dynamics and viscoelastic compliance damping functionality properties in one leg structure. significant savings in weight and component count are an obvious benefit to robot applications; however, there are others. an electromagnetic actuator or motor is heavy and becomes energy inefficient at small sizes and low speeds. in contrast, a rolled electroactive polymer is lighter, allows higher energy per weight, and better impedance matching to the environment. for sensor functionality, no separate sensor is required with an electroactive polymer device. for stiffness or damping control, no separate spring or damper is required with a suitably electrically controlled multifunctional rolled electroactive polymer device. thus, the rolled electroactive polymer reduces the component count vs. a conventional robotic leg with conventional technology at each joint or leg structure, greatly reducing weight and complexity. in a specific embodiment, rolled electroactive polymers are used in a robot comprising six legs. for example, each leg may have one degree of freedom and disposed at a backward angle. here, the rolled electroactive polymer device acts as a linear actuator that changes length of the leg structure with polymer deflection. when a rolled electroactive polymer device is actuated, a leg length increases and pushes the robot body forward. actuating each of the six legs in turn may then be used for legged locomotion of the robot. two and three degree of freedom rolled actuators may also be used to provide serpentine robots. in this case, multiple active areas may be disposed along the axial direction as well as the circumferential direction. for example, the serpentine robot may include a rolled electroactive polymer with radially aligned active areas in a array. the latter number refers to the number of circumferentially disposed active areas the multiple degree of freedom devices may also be used in sensor mode to provide multiple degree of freedom sensing. in one embodiment, rolled electroactive polymer devices of the present invention are implemented in a virtual reality glove or computer input device that includes multiple active areas to detect linear strain of portions of the glove in the immediate area of each transducer. each active area may be coupled to the glove using glue or integrated into the glove material. such a device is useful for virtual reality applications, microsurgical applications, and remote surgical applications for example. the present invention is also well-suited for use with a robotic gripper. many grasping strategies rely on accurate positioning and compliant contact. since an electroactive polymer is backdrivable at the compliance of the polymer, grippers that employ multiple degree of freedom electroactive polymer based actuators provide a means for compliant contact in addition to accurate positioning. for example, a multiple degree of freedom gripper may be designed using rolled electroactive polymer devices as described with respect to while this invention has been described in terms of several preferred embodiments, there are alterations, permutations, and equivalents that fall within the scope of this invention which have been omitted for brevity's sake. for example, although the present invention has been described in terms of several specific electrode materials, the present invention is not limited to these materials and in some cases may include air as an electrode. in addition, although the present invention has been described in terms of circular rolled geometries, the present invention is not limited to these geometries and may include rolled devices with square, rectangular, or oval cross sections and profiles. it is therefore intended that the scope of the invention should be determined with reference to the appended claims.
__label__non_math	0.5185	us a1 a reclosable fastener assembly for use in the manufacture of a plastic bag . the fastener assembly includes a zipper with a seal feature on a web flange extending from an interlocking member of a profile of the zipper . the web flange is bent at a lower portion of the web flange upward to the interlocking member . at the lower portion, an interior face of the web flange is sealed to an opposite interior face to form a flange seal . the bend of the lower portion includes a weakness area which, in concert with the flange seal , acts as a barrier and a tamper-evident feature. after the flange seal is initially tom open, the weakness area may be torn open to access the plastic bag . a method for making a reclosable plastic bag is also disclosed. . a reclosable bag formed from a bag-making film and having opposed film walls, a bottom and a top, said reclosable bag including: a first interlocking profile with a first interlocking member; a first flange extending from said first interlocking member; a first seal sealing the first flange to an inside of one of the opposed film walls; a second interlocking profile including a second interlocking member interlockable with said first interlocking member with said second flange including a free end and a bend directing said free end toward said second interlocking member; a second seal sealing the second flange to an inside of another of the opposed film walls; a third seal disposed between the first seal and the bend of the second flange such that said third seal seals the second flange to the inside of one of the opposed film walls; and a flange seal disposed between the free end and the bend joining facing portions of said second flange to each other. . the reclosable bag in accordance with . the reclosable bag in accordance with . the reclosable bag in accordance with . the reclosable bag in accordance with . the reclosable bag in accordance with . the reclosable bag in accordance with . a method of making a reclosable plastic bag, comprising the steps of: providing a longitudinally extending zipper with a first interlocking profile and a second interlocking profile with a first flange extending away from a first interlocking member of said first interlocking profile and a second flange extending away from a second interlocking member of said second interlocking profile; bending said second flange to provide a bend such that a free end of said second web flange faces toward the second interlocking member; forming a flange seal within facing portions of the second flange; and subsequent to forming the flange seal, attaching said zipper to a bag making film. . the method in accordance with . the method in accordance with . the method in accordance with . the method in accordance with . the method in accordance with . the method in accordance with . the method in accordance with . the method in accordance with . the method in accordance with the present invention relates to a reclosable fastener assembly used in the manufacture of plastic bags. more specifically, the present invention relates to a reclosable fastener assembly including a zipper with a seal feature in which a peel-seal, tack seal or a temporary seal is made prior to attachment of the fastener assembly to the film used to make a plastic bag. using a fastener assembly with a pre-made seal simplifies attachment of the fastener assembly to a bag film during the bag making process. the present invention relates to improvements in the package making art and may be practiced in the manufacture of reclosable thermoplastic bags and packages of the kind that may be used for various consumer products. such packages often include a form of peel-seal to render the pack moisture-tight and or airtight prior to the initial opening and or for use as a tamper-evident seal. a reclosable fastener or zipper protects any remainder of the product therein after the initial opening. the use of peel-seals with reclosable fasteners or zippers in the package-making art is fairly well developed, but nevertheless remains open to improvements contributing to increased efficiency and cost-effectiveness during manufacture. such peel seals are disclosed in u.s. pat. nos. ,782,951; ,786,190; ,823,961; ,925,316; ,005,707; ,014,856; ,050,736; and ,107,658. an improvement would be to provide a zipper with a seal feature in which a peel-seal, tack seal, or temporary seal is made prior to the application of the zipper to the film of a reclosable bag. accordingly, the present invention provides a new type of reclosable fastener assembly for use in the manufacture of plastic bags. the fastener assembly includes an extruded zipper and a seal feature on a longer of two web flanges extending away from opposite interlocking members of the zipper. a lower portion of the longer web flange is bent upward to the interlocking members. an interior face of the web flange is sealed to an opposite interior face of the web flange to form a peel-seal, tack seal, or temporary seal. when the seal is a peel seal, the peel seal in concert with the bend of the web acts as a barrier and a tamper-evident feature. at the bend, the web flange has a weakened cross-section in relation to the rest of the web flange. the cross-section at the weakness area may be thin enough to be tom open by the consumer to access the reclosable bag after the peel-seal is separated upon the first opening of the bag. the fastener assembly with pre-made seal can be attached to the film used to make a plastic bag during the bag making process. further objects and advantages of the invention will become apparent from the following description and claims and from the accompanying drawings, wherein: referring now to the drawings in detail wherein like numerals indicate like elements throughout the several views, a reclosable fastener assembly of the present invention is shown in prior to attachment of the fastener assembly to the bag film during a bag manufacturing process, the longer web flange is bent and sealed to itself with flange seal joining interior faces and . the web flange is bent upward at a weakness area to form a bend , with a free end of the bend facing the interlocking members and of the zipper . the flange seal may comprise peel-seal material printed on either or both interior faces, or the peel-seal may be formed by any other conventional method known to those skilled in the art. alternatively, the flange seal may comprise sealing material which forms a tack or temporary seal area. such sealing material for forming a tack seal would be known to those skilled in the art. the weakness area may comprise a partial score line or a line of perforations or a thinned cross-section of a portion of flange . the weakness area and the flange seal can be readily separated by a consumer when the plastic bag is initially opened, allowing access to the contents of the bag. thereafter the consumer can reclose the bag using the zipper. the web flange seals to an opposite film wall of the bag at a second seal , which is generally aligned with seal and positioned above the flange seal . the interior face of the web flange and an interior face of the web flange may be a heat-resistant material or a heat-resistant coating to prevent the interior faces and from being sealed together when the seals and are formed. the web flange also seals to the film wall at a third seal , with the third seal disposed between the first seal and the bend of the web flange . the seals and , in combination with the film of the bag , permit a leakproof and hermetic sealing of the contents of the bag. the tops of the film walls and may be sealed at a fourth seal above the zipper, which protects the zipper and forms a coherent package. the fourth seal is provided with a tear notch , shown in thus, the several aforementioned objects and advantages are most effectively attained. although preferred embodiments of the invention have been disclosed and described in detail herein, it should be understood that this invention is in no sense limited thereby and its scope is to be determined by that of the appended claims.
__label__math	0.8334	aqueous refined kaolin clay slurries of reduced low shear viscosity are prepared by dispersing the clay under controlled ph conditions in water containing a combination of water-soluble citrate and water-soluble polyacrylate within a specified range of concentrations. . a method of preparing an aqeous clay slurry of reduced low shear viscosity, which comprises dispersing from about to percent by weight of particulate refined kaolin clay in water at a ph of from about to in the presence of from about .to .percent of water-soluble citrate, expressed as anhydrous citric acid, and from about .to .percent of water-soluble polyacrylate, expressed as sodium polyacrylate, in a ratio of from about .to grams of said polyacrylate per gram of said citrate, the combined amount of said citrate and said polyacrylate being from about .to .percent, each of said percentages being expressed by weight based on the weight of said clay. . the method of claim wherein said citrate is citric acid or sodium citrate. . the method of claim wherein said polyacrylate is sodium polyacrylate. . the method of claim wherein said percentage of said citrate is from about .to ., said percentage of said polyacrylate is from about .to ., said ratio is from about .to and said combined amount is from about .to .percent. . the method of claim wherein said ph is from about .to .. this invention concerns a method for preparing aqueous kaolin clay slurries of reduced low shear viscosity. kaolin clay has found many uses in the chemical and related industries. for example, it is employed extensively by the paper industry as a filler and coating pigment. for such uses, however, the naturally occurring kaolin must be refined. in the typical refining procedure, the crude kaoline is slurried in water to a solids content of from about to weight percent in the presence of a primary dispersant such as sodium hexametaphosphate. the resulting slurry is screened to remove grit and then subjected to delamination and centrifugal classification to yield a fine fraction containing primarily particles of less than two microns. the fine fraction is flocculated with such as alum and sulfuric acid, bleached with such as sodium hydrosulfite, filtered and washed with water. the filtered refined clay, which has a solids content of about weight percent, is then either dried to a powdered product, such as by spray drying, or redispersed in water in the presence of a secondary dispersant to a slurry having a solids content of from about to weight percent, using dried product as needed. numerous secondary dispersants have been disclosed for the dispersion of refined clay. the condensed phosphates such as sodium tripolyphosphate and tetrasodium pyrophosphate have been found effective and are commonly used for this purpose. however, these agents tend to readily degrade by hydrolysis in water, causing the clay slurry to thicken and finally gel on standing. dispersants purported to alleviate this problem include citric acid as disclosed in u.s. pat. no. ,144,083 and sodium polyacrylate as disclosed in canadian pat. no. 854,271. sodium polyacrylate has further been disclosed in u.s. pat. no. ,736,165 for use as a primary dispersant which is purported to carry through the clay refining process and act along with the added secondary dispersant such as citric acid to disperse the refined clay. it is the primary objective of the present invention to provide a more effective dispersant system for preparing a refined kaolin clay slurry of reduced viscosity and improved viscosity stability. i have now found that, within a limited range, the combination of citric acid with sodium polyacrylate offers an unexpected improvement both in the reduction of the low shear viscosity of high solids aqueous slurries of refined kaolin clay and in the stability of such slurries. accordingly, the present invention entails a method of preparing an aqueous clay slurry of reduced low shear viscosity, which comprises dispersing from about to percent by weight of particulate kaolin clay in water at a ph of from about to in the presence of from about .to .percent of water-soluble citrate, expressed as anhydrous citric acid, and from about .to .percent of water-soluble polyacrylate, expressed as sodium polyacrylate, in a ratio of from about .to grams of the polyacrylate per gram of the citrate, the combined amount of the citrate and polyacrylate being from about .to .percent, each of the percentages being expressed by weight based on the weight of the clay. preferably, the citrate is citric acid or sodium citrate; the polyacrylate is sodium polyacrylate; the ratio of polyacrylate to citrate is from about .to grams per gram with the citrate percentage from about .to ., the polyacrylate percentage from about .to .and the combined amount of the citrate and polyacrylate from about .to .percent; and the ph of the prepared slurry is from about .to .. the method of the present invention, in using the combination of water-soluble citrate and water-soluble polyacrylate within a specified limited range, offers to the clay producer and clay user a superior system for preparing, storing and transporting dispersed refined kaolin clay slurries. the combination not only permits preparation of refined kaolin clay slurries of reduced low shear viscosity using lesser amounts of the two dispersants, but, more importantly, also insures that the slurry viscosity will not rise appreciably during storage or shipment. the method is primarily applicable to refined kaolin clay slurries of high solids content containing from about to weight percent clay. although more dilute slurries in the order of about percent solids may be employed, economics dictates the use of slurries with a minimum clay content of about percent. likewise, while dispersed slurries having a clay content of as high as percent may be realized, the practical upper limit is about percent. the preferred clay solids content is about weight percent. in one convenient method of executing the present invention, the particulate refined kaolin clay is dispersed in water in the presence of the water-soluble citrate and the water-soluble polyacrylate in the total amount of from about .to .percent by weight of the clay, the concentrations of the individual components being from about .to .percent, expressed as anhydrous citric acid, for the citrate and from about .to .percent, expressed as sodium polyacrylate, for the polyacrylate with the weight ratio of the polyacrylate to the citrate being from about .to . preferably the combined amount of the dispersants is from about .to about .percent by weight of the clay with the citrate from about .to .percent, the polyacrylate from about .to .percent and the ratio of polyacrylate to citrate from about .to . the soluble citrate may be added in the form of, for example, citric acid or one of its alkali metal or ammonium salts. the preferred forms of the citrate are anhydrous citric acid, added as a weight percent aqueous solution, and granular trisodium citrate dihydrate. by water-soluble polyacrylate is meant acrylic acid or methacrylic acid polymer having a weight average molecular weight of from about to ,000, as well as its monovalent cation salts. preferably the polyacrylate has a weight average molecular weight of from about to and is sodium polyacrylate. suitable commercial sodium polyacrylates includes, for example, dispex supplied by allied colloids inc., ridgewood, new jersey; sun-khem 505, a percent aqueous solution supplied by sun chemical company, charleston, south carolina; colloid 211, a percent aqueous solution supplied by colloids, inc., newark, new jersey; nopcosperse .percent aqeuous solution supplied by diamond-shamrock, new york, new york, and good-rite goodrich company, chemical division, cleveland, ohio. to realize the desired reduced low shear viscosity stability of the present invention, the ph of the dispersed slurry is adjusted during the slurry preparation to within the range of from about to , preferably from about .to .. since the refined kaolin clay is usually slightly acidic, this adjustment is most readily accomplished by the careful addition of a strong base such as sodium hydroxide or preferably sodium carbonate. the following example is merely illustrative and is not to be construed as limiting the invention, the scope of which is defined by the appended claims. a series of aqeous kaolin clay slurries at a concentration of weight percent clay was prepared in which, for each preparation, g of dry refined kaolin clay hydrite elizabeth, new jersey , was slowly added to a solution of the desired levels of citric acid citrosol solution of anhydrous citric acid, supplied by pfizer inc., new york, new york , sodium polyacrylate colloid 211, weight percent aqeuous solution, supplied by colloids, inc., newark, new jersey and anhydrous sodium carbonate powder in sufficient dionized water to give 600 g of solution, contained in a ml stainless steel beaker, using a cowles model -vg-dissolver set at about rpm to disperse the clay in the solution. the dissolver speed was then adjusted to about rpm and the slurry was stirred at room temperature for minutes. a portion of the dispersed slurry was transferred to a -pint, screw cap, wide-mouth bottle and allowed to stand at room temperature for about hours to deaerate. the ph of the slurry was measured using a standard ph meter and the low shear viscosity of the slurry was determined in the bottle at room temperature model rvt viscometer, no. spindle, rpm. the bottle was then capped and stored in the sealed condition for two weeks at ph and viscosity of the aged slurry were then determined at room temperature. results of the slurry preparation, storage and testing are summarized in table i. results of testing, run under the above conditions, to establish the optimum dispersant level for the individual dispersants are summarized in table ii. these results clearly show that, within the range of from about .to .gram dispersant per 100 grams of clay, the use of the citrate polyacrylate combination offers a marked advantage over the use of the individual dispersants alone in preparing aqueous refined kaolin clay slurries. for example, slurries , and of table i containing about .percent combined citrate plus polyacrylate have both lower initial viscosities and lower aged viscosities than either slurry containing .percent polyacrylate or slurry containing .percent citrate, the optimum levels of the individual dispersants as indicated by table ii. table imakeup propertiesca, .sup. pa, .sup. ca pa, na.sub.co.sub., initial aged wks, 43slurry of clay of clay of clay pa ca of clay ph viscosity, cp ph viscosity, cp1 .....108 .318 . ..046 .066 ..117 .275 . ..058 .078 ..117 .240 . ..083 .103 ..117 .225 . .....125 .310 . ..042 .072 ..125 .250 . ..054 .084 ..125 .255 . ..074 .104 ..125 .200 . .....133 .300 ......133 .227 ...066 .106 ..133 .225 ......141 .350 ...sup. -- . -- .224 .525 . -- ..sup. . -- .100 .233 .410 .sup. anhydrous citric acid .sup. sodium polyacrylate .sup. optimum dispersant concentration for minimum initial slurry viscosity and for maximum viscosity stability table iimakeup propertiesca, .sup. pa, .sup. naoh, na.sub.co.sub., initial aged wks, 43slurry of clay of clay of clay of clay ph viscosity, cp ph viscosity, cp1 .019 -- .012 ...sup. -- --.037 -- .023 ..960.sup. -- --.075 -- .047 ..886.sup. -- --.149 -- .093 ..650.sup. -- --.224 -- .140 ...sup. -- -- -- .025 -- .. . -- .050 -- ..670 . -- .075 -- ..410 . -- . -- ..257 . -- .125 -- ..250 . -- . -- ..260 . -- . -- ..287 .410 .sup. anhydrous citric acid .sup. sodium polyacrylate .sup. viscosity measured with no. spindle, rpm other measurement at rpm citas de patentes
__label__math	0.9941	us b2 the invention relates to a method for obtaining temperature values from at least two thermal sensors arranged on resources within a three-dimensional die structure determining at least a partial three-dimensional temperature distribution for said die structure and controlling activity of said resources of said dies in response to said three-dimensional temperature distribution. . a method comprising obtaining temperature values from at least two thermal sensors arranged on resources within a three-dimensional die structure; determining at least a partial three-dimensional temperature distribution for said die structure; and controlling activity of said resources of said dies in response to said three-dimensional temperature distribution. . the method of comparing temperature values of said at least two thermal sensors with each other; locating at least one heat source based on said comparing; identifying at least one resource associated with said at least one heat source; and wherein said controlling of activity includes throttling activity at least in said at least one identified resource. . the method of . the method of . the method of . the method of . the method of . the method of . the method of . the method of . the method of selecting a specific sensor for evaluation; wherein said obtained temperature values include a selected temperature value sensed by said selected sensor; and wherein said comparing comprises comparing said selected temperature value to at least a further one of said obtained temperature values; and issuing a throttle order for a resource associated with said selected sensor if said selected temperature value is determined to be the highest value in said comparing. . the method of . the method of . the method of comparing a selected temperature value associated with said selected resource to a second temperature value associated with the resource which has issued said throttle request; and issuing a throttle order for said selected resource if said selected temperature value is higher than said second temperature value. . the method of . the method of . the method of . the method of . the method of . the method of . a computer program product including computer program code which, when executed, causes a device to execute a method according to . a method comprising obtaining temperature values from a number of selected thermal sensors located on dies within a three-dimensional die structure; determining at least a partial three-dimensional temperature distribution for said die structure; controlling activity of resources of said dies in response to said three-dimensional temperature distribution. . a device comprising at least two semiconductor dies packaged together in a three-dimensional die structure; at least one thermal sensor located on each of said dies; a control unit connected to and controlling said thermal sensors; wherein said control unit is adapted to obtain temperature values sensed by said thermal sensors; determine at least a partial three-dimensional temperature distribution for said die structure; and issue throttle orders for resources on said dies in dependence of said temperature distribution. . the device of . the device of . the device of . the device of . the device of . the device of . the device of . the device of . the device of . the device of . the device of . the device of . the device of . the device of the present invention is related to thermal sensing in integrated circuits, and in particular to methods and devices for thermal control in three-dimensional die structures. semiconductor dies are widely used for a large number of applications, such as microcontrollers, memory elements and other integrated circuits ics . especially in portable devices, size has become an issue despite the minimal dimensions of these dies. when a large number of memory units and other elements are required in a device, both the covered area as well as the interconnection between several dies is a problem. therefore, solutions are developed which include three-dimensional die architectures, i.e. a number of dies is stacked on top of each other within a single chip package, also known as 3d ics. this technology has significant advantages including increased packaging density, increased number of possible connections between the dies, and reduced energy consumption due to lower interconnect capacitances. operation of any silicon die produces heat as a side effect. since heat may damage or even destroy a semiconductor die, many dies include a thermal sensor which allows for determining the current temperature of a die. depending on the temperature, die operation may be controlled in a way that prevents damaging temperatures. in a simple implementation, use of the complete device is prevented if one of its parts is overheating. in other implementations, usage of an overheating part may be throttled, increasing response time of the element but otherwise continuing operation of the device. an example is to speed up the refresh cycle of dram dynamic random access memory memory elements, which is necessary for data retention at higher temperatures but also decreases throughput of the device. there are several issues in both single die and stacked die environments which are not considered in known solutions. one temperature sensor on a die may not be sufficient for an effective control. the temperature on a die may vary between different areas of the die. this may be due to a more extensive usage of certain areas, such as more frequently used memory banks and rows, but also due to constructional features. a single temperature sensor on a die, as often used, may therefore not give sufficient information on the actual heat source. even worse, a single sensor which is located at some distance from the heated spot will discover overheating later than actually occurred, which means that safety margins have to be added to the temperature thresholds for the sensor. especially in a stacked or three-dimensional structure, where a die may be sandwiched in between further dies, heat conduction of the substrate materials may lead to heating of adjacent dies. that is, not only the actual heat source will show a higher temperature, but also dies below or above may give higher temperature readings. since the reaction to increased temperatures is usually a deactivation or throttling of die usage as described above, this may lead to a decreased performance of several dies or die areas which are not the real source of overheating. another reason to determine the heat source as exact as possible is that large temperature differences within a die stack should be avoided. excessive temperature differences may warp the die stack and as a consequence cause fatigue and potential material failures. nevertheless, the current approach for thermal sensors cannot simply be extended to multiple sensors, which may help to determine an exact location of a heat source. the logic required for multiple sensing on a die would be significant. a larger number of analog to digital converters adcs and possibly other control logic would be necessary, which would lead to increased cost. similarly, multiple sensors would linearly increase the required number of connection pins. according to exemplary embodiments of the invention, a method is provided which may in exemplary embodiments comprise obtaining temperature values from at least two thermal sensors arranged on resources within a three-dimensional die structure; determining at least a partial three-dimensional temperature distribution for said die structure; and controlling activity of said resources of said dies in response to said three-dimensional temperature distribution. in some embodiments, the determining may include comparing temperature values of said at least two thermal sensors with each other; locating at least one heat source based on said comparing; identifying at least one resource associated with said at least one heat source; and the controlling of activity may include throttling activity at least in said at least one identified resource. according to an embodiment, the activity may be throttled if said at least one temperature value associated with said at least one identified resources is above a predefined threshold. the identifying may for example include identifying a resource associated with the highest of said compared temperature values. additionally, in some examples the method may comprise receiving a signal indicating a temperature value above a second predefined threshold. in some further embodiments, the method may further comprise sensing said temperature values in response to said received signal. in exemplary embodiments, the method may include continuously sensing said temperature values. also, a method may in certain embodiments further comprise selecting a specific sensor to be sensed. the selecting may in some embodiments further comprise providing a control sequence signal for switching elements connected to said sensor. in exemplary embodiments, the switching elements may be multiplexers. according to exemplary embodiments, a method may further comprise selecting a specific sensor for evaluation; wherein said obtained temperature values include a selected temperature value sensed by said selected sensor; and wherein said comparing comprises comparing said selected temperature value to at least a further one of said obtained temperature values; and issuing a throttle order for a resource associated with said selected sensor if said selected temperature value is determined to be the highest value in said comparing. in some embodiments, the method may comprise issuing a throttle request for a defined further resource if a temperature value associated with said further resource is higher than said selected temperature value. it may in these or other embodiments comprise checking whether a throttle request exists for a selected resource. according to exemplary embodiments, the method may further comprise comparing a selected temperature value associated with said selected resource to a second temperature value associated with the resource which has issued said throttle request; and issuing a throttle order for said selected resource if said selected temperature value is higher than said second temperature value. the throttling may according to exemplary embodiments be triggered by a binary throttle order associated with a specific resource. in some embodiments, the method may further comprise determining a measure of confidence that at least a selected resource needs to be throttled. such a measure of confidence may for example be included in a throttle order and or a throttle request. in exemplary embodiments, said throttle request is a binary value associated with a requesting resource. the comparing and or said throttling may in specific embodiments be based on information on relative sensor locations within said die structure. in some embodiments, the at least two temperature values are obtained from adjacent sensors within said die structure, for example from neighboring sensors on the same die or from sensors located above and or below. however, also non-adjacent sensors may be measured and or compared. according to a further aspect of the invention, a computer program product is provided which may in exemplary embodiments include computer program code which, when executed, causes a device to execute a method according to any of the above described embodiments. according to a further aspect of the invention, a device is provided comprising at least two semiconductor dies packaged together in a three-dimensional die structure; at least one thermal sensor located on each of said dies; a control unit connected to and controlling said thermal sensors; wherein said control unit is adapted to obtain temperature values sensed by said thermal sensors; determine at least a partial three-dimensional temperature distribution for said die structure; and issue throttle orders for resources on said dies in dependence of said temperature distribution. in exemplary embodiments, said control unit is further adapted to sense a selected thermal sensor. according to exemplary embodiments, said control unit is adapted to continuously evaluate at least a part of said thermal sensors, said evaluation including said determining of a temperature distribution and said issuing of throttle orders. the device may in some embodiments further comprise a memory element configured for storing said throttle orders, and or a memory element configured for storing said temperature values and or said temperature distribution. the memory elements may in some embodiments also be the same element. in exemplary embodiments, the device may further comprise switching elements coupled between said control unit and said thermal sensors, said switching elements being configured for selecting a specific thermal sensor. these switching elements may for example be multiplexers. switching elements may in exemplary embodiments be arranged such that only a single sensor at a time is connected to said control unit. according to some embodiments, said device may further include a sensing unit. the sensing unit may in exemplary embodiments comprise an analog-to-digital converter. in exemplary embodiments of the device, said thermal sensor may be a thermal diode. in some embodiments, said sensing unit is coupled to a compensation unit configured for modifying values sensed by said sensing unit. also, in these or other embodiments, said sensing unit and or said compensation unit may be coupled to a comparator configured for comparing values sensed by said sensing unit. according to exemplary embodiments wherein said control unit includes at least one of said sensing unit, said compensation unit and said comparator. said control unit may in some embodiments be implemented via software code. thus, it is necessary to determine a three-dimensional view of the temperature readings on the stack in order to find the true heat source and react accordingly. deactivation or throttling of functions of the upper dies would unnecessarily degrade performance of the integrated circuit without lowering the temperature below the threshold. only the die or part of a die which is responsible for the overheating needs to be throttled or controlled. with several sensors on each die and a combined control and evaluation for at least some of the temperature sensors of different dies, it is possible to get a three-dimensional temperature map instead of only single die temperature information. from this temperature map and the corresponding temperature gradients, it is possible to derive an actual heat source within a three-dimensional die structure. in the evaluation of the temperature data, other information such as material characteristics, functional die areas and structural features may also enter the final assessment. the thermal sensors employed may be different for different dies, or even on a single die, as long as the common control element allows to interpret and combine their readings correctly. the second part is the throttling process and the corresponding memory transactions. sensing of the thermal sensors is triggered by an interrupt that indicates a significant temperature change at one or more sensors . the specific sensor may also be indicated. in response, a sensing process is initiated where the relevant sensors are read and the temperature values are written to a memory. subsequently, an evaluation process compares the determined temperature values against predefined threshold values. based on this comparison, it is decided whether throttling or another cooling activity is required. the decision on any cooling, throttling or restriction may also be stored in memory. finally, a throttling process is started based on the decisions for throttling stored in the memory. here, it is determined which commands shall be given and which resources need to be restricted. the third part of the system is a memory or register which may contain the status information for the throttling process. both the temperature values read from various sensors and the necessary actions for throttling the relevant resources may be stored for further processing. the memory elements used may be different elements for each application or the same element. implementation of such a temperature controlling system may be done in different ways. an algorithm may be used to evaluate the obtained three-dimensional temperature information and to decide on throttling measures when necessary. an example of an algorithm is given in appendix a attached to this description. the exemplary algorithm is shown in a pseudocode, i.e. in an exemplary structural description which shall not limit the actual algorithm when implemented in a device or software code. it is merely intended to show key points of an exemplary embodiment of an inventive method without any necessary relation to real-world programming languages, software code structures or other implementation details. an exemplary method flow diagram is given in a throttling process in a stacked die system is entered through an interrupt and sequentially invokes a sensing function, an evaluation function, and a throttling function. in the sensing process, the temperature of the sensor that generated the interrupt is read. the present example may include additional readings of sensors above and below that sensor. if the measured temperature of the triggering sensor is higher than that of the above and below sensors, a throttling of the corresponding resource may be ordered. in more detail, memory space may be reserved for each sensor plus one additional position. also, threshold temperature values for each sensor and one additional value may be stored in a memory. a simple implementation is to use binary throttle orders, i.e. a resource associated with a specific sensor is either throttled or not, which may be indicated by a binary variable for each sensor. the additional sensor element defined in the values above may be used to provide an error code, e.g. for wrongly indicated sensors. the pseudocode in appendix a defines an exemplary evaluation loop which is invoked by an interrupt. threshold values may be updated outside this evaluation loop, and these may e.g. be entered by a user via a suitable application or preset in the system without any possibility for changing the values. all sensors in the system may be associated with an identifier, such as integers from to n, n being the total number of sensors controlled by this system. there may be some information stored about the spatial arrangement of sensors, such that functions abovesensor x and belowsensor x may be defined which return the respective identifier above or below the sensor indicated by x. the evaluation loop is then passed as shown in the pseudocode example a or also in there may be additional prescriptions and definitions in the algorithm, e.g. for the case that more than one sensor exceeds its temperature threshold. also, an embodiment may include not only comparing the actual temperatures, but also taking into account that the allowable and expected temperature range may vary for different die resources, e.g. due to different die materials. this may be implemented by adding or subtracting a predefined temperature value in the comparison of measured temperatures, such that a sensor may be throttled although it does not show the highest temperature in absolute numbers. in other examples, not only the sensors below and above the triggering sensor may be considered, but also further layers farther below or above the respective die layer. it is conceivable to make further sensor measurements dependent on a first result from a temperature evaluation, such as a case where a lower sensor shows the highest temperature reading, which may trigger temperature sensing for the next lower die level. the method as described above may be modified in numerous ways. as an example, not only binary throttling orders may be used. in some embodiments, several threshold values may be defined for the evaluation and or throttling functions, such that one of a number of throttling procedures is chosen dependent on the level of overheating. a multi-level throttling system may be implemented by indicating the actual measured temperature in the throttling order, such that the throttling function determines the action to take. in other embodiments, the classification of measured temperatures into levels of overheating may be performed at the evaluation stage, such that throttling orders with e.g. integer values between and or other values are issued based on the sensed temperature or certain temperature differences between sensors. then, the throttling function provides the required throttling action based on these values. as an example, a resource may only be throttled to a lower level of activity up to a certain temperature reading, and a complete deactivation of the resource may be order for very high temperature values. other embodiments may include considering other or further sensors. since heat may also propagate within a die and not only between stacked dies, it is conceivable to incorporate sensor readings from those sensors which are close to the triggering sensor on the same die. the algorithm might then be implemented similarly to the example above, i.e. by subsequent comparisons of the sensor reading which triggered the evaluation with those of neighboring sensors. in more complex embodiments, any number or combination of sensors may be considered in evaluation, and even the complete set of sensors within a die system may be used for deciding on cooling measures based on the three-dimensional temperature map. it may also be possible to define some absolute thresholds for sensor readings which may lead to throttling of the resource independent of a comparison result. that is, even if a neighboring sensor shows higher temperature value, such an additional throttling threshold may order throttling of this resource as well, instead of only the resource associated with the highest temperature reading. this may help to prevent overheating in cases where the actual heat source is not unambiguously determinable, since a resource may show very high temperatures when the respective die area is heated by activities of both this resource and a neighboring resource. these thresholds may be similar or different from those defined for the initial interrupt. any of the previously described processes may also be concurrent. running of the processes in parallel may decouple the speed at which the individual processes need to be run. in addition, the operation principle may be changed from interrupt-drive as described above to a continuous operation. an example of such an embodiment is shown in the left part of an exemplary algorithm for an embodiment such as that of more particularly, memory may again be allocated for temperature sensor readings and thresholds, similar to the example of different from the first example algorithm, the loop is not triggered by an interrupt but is continuously looping, thus integrating the temperature threshold monitoring into the loop by a check. temperature values are read from the sensors continuously step 200 and may be stored, buffered or directly transferred for use in the control loop. in each cycle, each controlled sensor is evaluated. if a temperature above a preset threshold is detected for a specific sensor in step 204 which has been selected for evaluation in step 202, an inner loop lines to is started which compares the temperature of the currently processed sensor to that of neighboring sensors step 206 . in the example, the sensors below and above are used again for comparing by applying predefined functions like abovesensor and belowsensor, but other or more sensors in the system may be used in further embodiments. the sensors which are chosen for temperature evaluation may be predefined or might also be updated when required. again, a binary throttle order is issued if the processed sensor or rather the corresponding resource has a higher temperature compared with predefined neighboring sensors step 212 . if this processed sensor is not the one having the highest temperature, the algorithm loop continues by setting a throttlerequest to a value of in step 214, which may indicate that at least one of the resources surrounding the sensor s needs to be throttled. the resources which are covered by such a request may be defined as required, e.g. the request may only extend to the resources above or below the current sensor, or to all sensors located on the same die. possible uses of the throttle request variable will be discussed below. for the case that the processed sensor does not show a temperature above its threshold in step 204, the outer loop continues as follows line . it may be checked whether there are throttle requests for the current sensor which have been issued by neighboring sensors in step 208. if a neighboring sensor has issued a throttle request, i.e. this neighboring sensor has determined that one of its own neighboring resources including the resource in question should be throttled, and the temperature measured by that sensor is lower than the temperature of the processed sensor as determined in step 210, the currently processed sensor is again throttled step 212 . a throttle request by a neighboring sensor which does not involve a relatively higher temperature at a sensor compared to that neighboring sensor will not induce a throttling order and end the procedure for this sensor step 216 . similarly as for other embodiments, the throttle request may alternatively indicate the confidence that the surrounding resources need to be throttled as a numerical value instead of a binary request flag. various combinations and enhancements of the above exemplary embodiments are possible. also, they may be modified in different ways. for example, further actions may be taken in response to certain temperature readings. warnings may be issued to a user, or memory allocations may be moved from overheated memory resources to another resource in order to protect data and prevent a break down of functionality. the respective actions may be triggered by additional orders and or requests included in an algorithm. there may also be different thresholds for cooling measures and further actions. in case of an interrupt triggered evaluation process, it may be implemented that not only the triggering sensor is processed but also other sensors. furthermore, several sensing cycles instead of a single one may be induced by an interrupt to produce reliable temperature readings, and or to obtain a number of temperature values as a function of time which may be used as additional information for evaluation. in order to read separate sensors in a die system as desired, e.g. for an interrupt triggered or continuous temperature sensing, a suitable hardware implementation is required. it is assumed that in the described example at least several sensors located on one or more dies , , are controlled by a single control unit or control entity. this entity may analyze, control and evaluate all temperature related issues in a die system, or only a part of it. the control system may be implemented as described above on a logical level. for reading the sensor values, the control may cycle through all the sensors activating only one at a time. the sensor value may then be sensed or read back using a shared signaling resource cf. the evaluation and throttling sequences as described by way of example above require selecting a specific sensor from the three-dimensional sensor arrangement in a die stack. there are several possibilities for achieving this effect. one option is to control the galvanic connection to the sensor by multiplexing. an implementation may include a single multiplexer on each die for all sensors arranged thereon, or several smaller multiplexers on each die. in other embodiments, other switching elements may be used. for example, a specific sensor may be selected by digital logic such as using control registers which are writeable from outside the die. the registers may act as switch control inputs, while the corresponding switches control a connection to a voltage or current source associated with the temperature sensors. a first option for programming the sensor selection is to use programmable control registers that control which of the sensors is active. the information in the registers may be implemented in a one-hot, binary, or gray encoding. one-hot refers to a group of bits where the only allowable combinations are those with a single bit set on high or , and all other bits on low or zero. gray encoding usually refers to a modified binary encoding where two successive values differ in only one bit. all these and further register implementations which may be used in relation to inventive embodiments are known in the art and will not be explained here in more detail. writing and possibly reading of such registers in a control system may be achieved through the normal data interface of a die. another option would be an interface containing a single data signal line and a single clock. these two signals may be referred to as a combined control signal in the following. the exemplary control line shown in the first multiplexer shown on the bottom of the die in if this signal from control to first multiplexer is not enabled, none of the sensors on this die will be active regardless of their control bits. the control signal depicted as arrows is then conveyed through the chain of multiplexers, giving signals which decide on the status of each multiplexer. parallel to the control line, the electrical connections are shown between the multiplexers and to the thermal sensors as lines without arrows. in the present example, eight sensors are located on the die, and seven multiplexers are required for allowing to select a single one of these sensors. when more or less sensors are present on a die, the number of multiplexers used will also be different. from the last multiplexer on the die, the control signal continues to the sensor circuits on the next die within the system that is controlled by the same control entity. these further dies and their connections to the comparator, adc and compensator are not shown in the figure. it will be understood that the control entity including the external sensing, evaluation and control elements may control any number of sensors on several dies. reading the selected sensor is accomplished as follows. a program is fed in via the control block. for each sensor to be selected, a specific program may be stored or generated in the control unit for controlling the multiplexer structures. the program is fed in with one bit per rising edge of the clock signal, which is not shown separately here but is included in the control signal of the figures. in the present case, the program may be xx10xxx01 . it will be understood that the sequence of binary signals in such a program will depend on the specific set-up of the control lines, i.e. the way several multiplexers are connected to each other. when higher-order multiplexers are used instead of --multiplexers, a different control signal will be required to allow a selection of more than two outputs. in the present example, the first signal value is an enabled bit or fed to the chip enable multiplexer. this signal enables the selection of a sensor on the die. a at this point, i.e. on the last position of the example control program, would lead to the open line and thus prevent a closed electric connection with any of the sensors. the second signal is a , meaning that the upper set of sensors is chosen. it is seen from the figure that after this second multiplexer, the signals for the multiplexers associated with the four lower sensors are not relevant for the further result. this is why those signals, i.e. the next three signals in the example control sequence, are indicated as a value of x . after running through the three multiplexers of the lower sensor set, the multiplexer is reached which is directly connected to the selected sensor. therefore, the signal of at this place together with the signal for the next multiplexer completes the electrical connection to the desired sensor. again, after these multiplexers, the signal for the last multiplexer on the die connected to the remaining pair of sensors is not relevant, since the second-to-last multiplexer has prevented a connection of these sensors. since only one die is considered in this example, the signal for a subsequent die is again not important and indicated with x . when further dies are connected into the control sequence, the signal sequence may continue with suitable signals in order to select a sensor on another die or to set the chip select signal for a further die to , which would prevent selection of more than one sensor. inside the analog-digital converter adc, a current source is activated after programming of the control sequence. the adc can then sense the voltage over the selected sensor, converting that voltage into a corresponding digital value. subsequently the digital value is fed to the compensation block, which has individual information on the characteristics of all sensors and calibration information. using this information, the adc value is corrected to better correspond to the actual temperature on the die. finally, the comparator compares this compensated value to the set threshold values and either produces an interrupt or a continuous status signal. on a third output, the compensated sensor value may be given, for instance for archival or long-term follow-up purposes. when an interrupt is generated in response to a sensor reading, the controlling and throttling of resources as described above may be triggered. it shall be noted that the control entity for controlling the resource activity may be included in the interrupt control described in connection with the selection of a single sensor in an embodiment as in those examples may then be used for implementing sensing and evaluation loops as described above. however, it shall be noted that the above hardware examples are not necessarily restricted to stacked die implementations or to combinations with algorithms as those described above, but may be used in any implementation where a single specific sensor shall be selected and read. although exemplary embodiments of the present invention have been described, these should not be construed to limit the scope of the appended claims. those skilled in the art will understand that various modifications may be made to the described embodiments and that numerous other configurations or combinations of any of the embodiments are capable of achieving this same result. moreover, to those skilled in the various arts, the invention itself will suggest solutions to other tasks and adaptations for other applications. it is the applicant's intention to cover by claims all such uses of the invention and those changes and modifications which could be made to the embodiments of the invention herein chosen for the purpose of disclosure without departing from the spirit and scope of the invention. citations de brevets citations hors brevets
__label__non_math	1.0000	west back into flow on defensive live raleigh, n.c. - redshirt junior defensive end forrest west made the tough decision to transfer from colorado after two seasons to come and play for the wolfpack. after sitting out last season, west was able to don a wolfpack uniform this past weekend in the season opener in atlanta. "i was a little rusty," said west. "i really didn't have a pregame ritual like i usually pick up as the season goes on. "it was exciting. it was a big game, the fans had high energy. it felt kind of weird, it felt like my first game my freshman year because i have not played in over a year. the first couple of drives, i got right back where i left off from colorado ." west played two seasons with the buffaloes, including a selection to the freshman all-big team in , but decided to join the pack last summer. unfortunately, ncaa rules required west to sit out last season. "the year went by pretty slow, i didn't have much to look forward to on the weekends," said west. "i wasn't allowed to travel because of ncaa rules, so i haven't been able to feel that game day experience for awhile." west got the game day experience in the pack's season opener against tennessee. he came off the bench to play snaps at defensive end, and recorded one qb pressure. "i'm glad that first game is under my belt," said west. "i was kind of like a deer in headlights that first play, but now it's all good." now the second week of the pack's season might bring even more excitement for west. he is from canton, connecticut, which is about a five-minute drive from uconn's home stadium, rentschler field. "i'm excited to be going back home," said west. "i have a whole bunch of family and friends coming, about people. it's going to be different, i've never played up there. i've never actually been to a game at rentschler field. despite the pack's opening loss to the vols, west and his teammates know there is plenty of time to have a memorable season. west knows time on the practice field will help him become a better player "i'm a much more physical player then at colorado ," said west. "the tempo is a lot faster here , so you have to adapt to that and pick it up."
__label__non_math	1.0000	petition signature comment by george haytack date: petition signer's comment: what a disaster the new bbc news site is - bring back the old excellent, unbroken one and fire the editors to like the signer's comment, click 'like' below. you may also comment below about the petition or the signer's comment.
__label__non_math	1.0000	verified by norton view images in high quality on major websites as facebook and flickr, just hover over a zoomable image and view it instantly in it's full size. join over .million users enhancing their experience today about other cool features. gophoto.it, small change -
__label__non_math	1.0000	the princeton men's volleyball team may not have gotten the win it seeked saturday night against the ninth-ranked penn state nittany lions. by pushing the reigning eiva power through four tough games, the longest penn state-princeton match in state college since the clinton administration, the tigers certainly took a step towards establishing themselves as a legitimate force in the league. penn state, which has won every eiva title since princeton's lone championship in , moved to -overall and -in league play with a -, -, -, -victory over princeton. the tigers fell to -overall, -in league play, but they have six of their final nine league matches still to be played at home. junior pat schwagler led princeton with kills, while freshman outside devin stearns continued his impressive weekend with kills. the tigers hit a match-best .234 for the night, which head coach sam shweisky attributed to his first-year setter. "i thought davis waddell did a really nice job tonight of running the offense and keeping everybody involved," shweisky said of his junior setter, who had assists on the evening. "his focus and leadership enabled us to play very steadily, and almost win the match." princeton had one of its most effective nights hitting from the middle, as michael dye and will siroky combined for kills with only three errors. siroky had nine blocks, including four solo ones, while dye had a team-best .625 hitting percentage. after a close loss in the opening set, princeton used a -run on the waddell serve early in the second to grab a -lead. the tigers sided out effectively though the set and built the lead up to -on another -run before closing the -win. the third set was close thoughout, though penn state was able to build a late lead and hold on for a -win. the fourth set would go beyond the -point mark, though not nearly as far as the thriller in dillon gym last season. princeton, which played from behing throughout the set but never gave in, fought off two match balls before finally falling on a kill by tom comfort. princeton now shares third place in the league with george mason, which fell -at saint francis saturday night. the tigers will play their first full home eiva weekend when the calendar turns, starting with a friday showdown against sacred heart. on saturday at , princeton will host second-place harvard in one of two matchups between the league's lone ivy programs. "i'm looking forward to getting back to dillon gym and seeing our great fans for both matches," shweisky said. "we've made some good progress on the road, especially this weekend, but we need to keep getting better if we want to be there in the end."
__label__non_math	0.9685	treat him to these classic diamond earrings from the shaquille o'neal collection. expertly crafted in yellow ion-plated stainless steel, these beveled concaved square earrings are set with an array of elegant enhanced black diamonds. glistening with ct. t.w. of diamonds and buffed to a brilliant shine, these earrings secure comfortably with friction backs. view product details. in-stock item: normal processing for this item is -business days before it ships and it will ship via your chosen ship method after the processing time is complete. signature required for orders over . diamond carat weights ct. represent the approximate total weight t.w. of all diamonds in each setting and may vary no more than .below the stated weight. typographic errors are subject to correction. merchandise enlarged to show detail and may not always be exactly as pictured. promotions, prices, styles and availability may vary by store and online.
__label__non_math	0.9476	should i be a strict or lenient parent? to be strict or not to be strict, that is the question in fact, it s the number-one question among child-rearing and education authorities, among teachers and, of course, parents. it s doubtful that there is a parent who hasn t at one time or another agonized over this. there is a widespread uncertainty on how to be at home or how to come across in the classroom tough or soft, to be a strict disciplinarian or a permissivist. have you noticed, however, that you seldom hear a parent or teacher admit i am authoritarian or i am permissive ? these are terms reserved for those with whom you disagree. the question, whether to be strict or lenient, never ceases to be debated in books and articles, or at conferences and conventions. dr. gordon points out that this question is what social scientists call a pseudo problem and how it also is a clear case of either-or thinking . let s take a look at what he means by that. seldom parents or teachers seem to recognize that it is not necessary to make a choice between these two leadership styles. few adults know it, but there is an alternative to being at either end of the strictness-leniency scale. there is the choice of a third style. this alternative is being neither authoritarian nor permissive, neither strict nor lenient. does that mean being somewhere near the middle of the scale moderately strict or moderately lenient? not at all. the alternative is not being on the scale at all authoritarian leadership whether at home or in the classroom means that the control is in the hands of the adult leader. it has been researched and proven for decades how ineffective maintaining control through power is. authoritarianism often creates fearful and subservient children and or rebellion. still, no parent or teacher really wants to suffer the chaotic consequences of unrestricted freedom and lawless permissiveness either. it s also true that most children are uncomfortable with the consequences of permissiveness. permissive leadership means that control has been permitted to be in the hands of the youngsters. children of permissive parents usually feel guilty about always getting their way. they also feel insecure about being loved, because their inconsiderate behaviors make them feel unlovable. so what is that third viable alternative to both, authoritarian and permissive adult leadership? it s what dr. gordon in detail describes in his model of parenting, a set of skills and methods known as parent effectiveness training that are geared toward rearing self-disciplined children in a harmonious family climate. for now, let s just emphasize that this new approach to relating to youngsters requires a transformation in the way adults perceive children, as well as a shift in the way they treat them. this transformation can be accomplished by learning a few new skills and methods that are applied in everyday life. this newsletter will describe and examine each of these skills and methods in its future editions and hopefully contribute to you having a more harmonious and peaceful home.
__label__non_math	0.9991	to the profound comprehension of this law of the intellectual generation of ideas, are due the marvels of catholic civilisation. to that wonderful civilisation is due all that we admire and all that we see. its theologians, even considered humanly, put to the blush modern and ancient philosophers; her doctors excite wonder by the immensity of their science; its historians by their generalising and comprehensive views, cast those of antiquity into the shade. st augustine s city of god is, even today, the most profound book of history which genius, illuminated by the rays of catholicity, has presented to the astonished eyes of men. the acts of her councils, leaving aside the divine inspiration, are the most finished monuments of human prudence. the canonical, excel in wisdom the roman, and the feudal, laws. who is before st thomas in science, st augustine in genius, bossuet in majesty, st paul in power? who is greater as a poet than dante? who is equal to shakespeare? who surpasses calderon? who, like raphael, infused life and inspiration into the canvas? place people in sight of the pyramids of egypt, and they will tell you, here has passed a grand and barbarous civilisation. place them in sight of the grecian statues and temples, and they will tell you, here has passed a graceful, ephemeral, and brilliant civilisation. place them in sight of a roman monument, and they will tell you, here has passed a great people. place them in sight of a cathedral, and on beholding such majesty united to such beauty, such grandeur to such taste, such grace to such delicacy, such severe unity to such rich variety, such measure to such boldness, such heaviness in the stones, with such suavity in their outlines, and such wonderful harmony between silence and light, shade and colour, they will tell you, here has passed the greatest people of history, and the most astounding of human civilisations: that people must have taken grandeur from the egyptian, brilliancy from the greek, strength from the roman, and, beyond the strength, the brilliancy, and grandeur, something more valuable than grandeur, strength, and brilliancy immortality and perfection. donoso cortes, essays on catholicism, liberalism and socialism
__label__non_math	0.9984	san angelo, texas moscow ap the head of russia's space agency said tuesday that cosmic radiation was the most likely cause of the failure of a mars moon probe that crashed to earth this month, and suggested that a low-quality imported component may have been vulnerable to the radiation. vladimir popovkin also said a manned launch to the international space station is being postponed from march because of faults found in the soyuz capsule. the statements underline an array of trouble that has afflicted the country's vaunted space program in recent months, including the august crash of a supply ship for the space station and last month's crash of a communications satellite. since the end of the u.s. space shuttle program last year, russian craft are the only means to send crew to and from the iss. the unmanned phobos-ground probe was to have gone to the mars moon of phobos, taken soil samples and brought them back. but it became stuck in earth orbit soon after its launch on nov. . it fell out of orbit on jan. , reportedly off the coast of chile, but no fragments have been found. the failure was a severe embarrassment to russia, and popovkin initially suggested it could have been due to foreign sabotage. but on tuesday he said in televised remarks that an investigation showed the probable cause was "localized influence of heavily radiated space particles." popovkin, speaking in the city of voronezh where the report was presented to deputy prime minister dmitry rogozin, said two units of the phobos-ground probe's onboard computer system went into an energy-saving "restart" mode, apparently due to the radiation, while the craft was in its second orbital circuit. it was not immediately clear why the units could not be brought out of that mode. popovkin said that some microchips used on the craft were imported and possibly of inadequate quality to resist radiation. he did not specify where the chips were manufactured. yuri koptev, a former space agency head who led the phobos-ground investigation, said percent of the microchips used in the probe were "industrial" class, a less-sophisticated level than should be used in space flight. popovkin said the craft's builder, moscow-based npo lavochkin, should have taken into account the possibility of radiation interfering with the operation and said lavochkin officials would face punishment for the oversight. popovkin later announced that a march planned launch of three astronauts to the space station will be postponed "likely until the end of april" because of problems with the capsule. he did not specify, but the state news agency ria novosti cited the director of russia's cosmonaut-training program as saying leaks had been found in the capsule's seals. it would be the second significant postponement of a manned russian launch in the past year. the august crash of the supply ship pushed back a manned launch to the iss because the booster rocket that failed in the crash was similar to the ones used in manned missions.
__label__non_math	0.7722	: played in one game ... saw action against presbyterian . : did not see game action. prior to stony brook: spent one season at carson-newman college. high school: a graduate of good counsel high school ... a two-year letterwinner for the falcons ... earned all-county, all-state and all-met honors ... served as team captain as a senior. personal: born aswand cruikshank on in silver spring, maryland ... son of neil and debra cruikshank ... has one sister ... majoring in multidisciplinary studies.
__label__non_math	0.9069	expires early am they've changed their entire notebook line up to accommodate the user that didn't want all of the bloatware trialware junk that used to come with thse notebooks to top it off, they've knocked the price off of some of these as well so that you can get a really nicely equipped notebook from only , or a fully loaded one from only got them listed with just "limited time offer" so if the deal you want is available, i'd get it soon before they pull it or raise the price. business notebook smart values
__label__non_math	0.9997	member spotlight: katherine schwarzenegger name: katherine schwarzenegger from: los angeles, ca occupation: student, author, activist team maria alumni? how long? what leg of the race? yes, i am a team maria alumni why did you join team maria? because my mother made me haha why is the best buddies program, and its mission, so important? i think best buddies is an essential program in everyone s lives no matter what their age. ever since i was little, i was taught the importance of those with intellectual disabilities and the incredible abilities they have, but not everyone has that. best buddies mission is to create one on one friendships and have people with intellectual disabilities working in the work force. it is important for every person to have the opportunity to interact with people with intellectual disabilities, and bb programs in schools allow kids across the country to do this. without a program like bb, people would most likely never have the ability to build memories and share experiences with people with intellectual disabilities. the people that i have met who have been involved in bb always talk about how much it has changed their lives for the better and taught them so much about themselves and their buddies. what motivates you to participate in the audi best buddies challenge: hearst castle? what motivates me to participate is the fact that i can help raise money and promote awareness so a great program, like bb, can continue to grow and be a part of peoples lives all across the world. this program is one that touches so many people and changes so many lives and participating in the bb challenge will allow bb to continue doing this. i also think this event is tons of fun and has a great group of people to bike with and share laughs with what is the url to your personal team maria fundraising page? anything else you would like to share? please come to fashion s night out this thursday, september 8th at the diane von furstenberg store on melrose in la to help support best buddies while shopping
__label__non_math	0.9987	as mayor michael bloomberg seems to never tire of telling us, new york's balmy budget days have ended. foreign tourists still spend their euros here, the number of jobs in the city continues to grow and manhattan real estate remains hot. still, bloomberg continues to forecast wall street's troubles will lead to falling city revenues over the next few years. "everyone in this city should pray that wall street does well," said bloomberg. city officials, though, are not simply waiting for divine intervention. bloomberg's executive budget calls for cuts in city spending on an array of services including schools, youth programs and cultural affairs. for its part, the city council, which must approve the budget, announced in may that it would not seek to launch any new initiatives for fiscal year . instead, several key members said in a prepared statement, the council would try to do what it can to maintain existing services. even in good times, budgets present tough choices, particularly in a diverse and complicated city whose citizens have so many competing needs and demands. but as funds get tight, the choices become even more difficult. any new yorker who wants to preserve spending -- in education, for example -- or find a modest sum for a new program faces enormous challenges. the budget maze, gotham gazette's latest game, guides you through this complicated and sometimes downright arcane process. if you're seeking to lobby the powers that be, the game offers a useful guide. if you're a student or an armchair activist, the three mazes should help you better understand the tortuous process that shapes city taxing and spending. in , gotham gazette released its first budget game that lets players confront the realities of a balanced budget: if you increase spending in one place, you have to cut it somewhere else. although the numbers no longer apply, the game still offers a great introduction to the tradeoffs the mayor and the city council must make. this new game focuses more how policy is made and how citizens can affect it. navigate the dungeon in the new gotham gazette game, you are a knight, setting out to rescue funding for yourself or your community. the decisions you make along the way will determine whether you fail or succeed, how many points you acquire and whether you are a budget apprentice, a journeyman or -- at the apex-- a master of the budget. new york city is legally bound to have a balanced budget in place by july . every year, sometime in early january, the mayor releases a preliminary budget that lays out the administration's expectations for the coming fiscal year. in albany, the state has until april to approve a budget -- this gives the city a clear picture of what to expect from upstate in the coming year. in april or may, after an initial round of negotiations and hearings and following that state budget announcement, the mayor issues the executive budget. the city council holds hearings on the plan, and council and the administration debate it -- sometimes collegially, sometimes acrimoniously. by june , the new budget must be in place. the game seeks to replicate that. here's how it works. we've given you 180 days, from january to the end of june, to find your way through the maze. as you use arrows to guide yourself through our labyrinth, you will come to a series of chambers, each confronting you with a challenge. how do you get information? what officials should you seek out? how can you wield influence? how can citizens get involved in shaping the city budget? our game will test your knowledge and we hope teach you a bit about how the city budget works. days pass as you make your choices, and you must use your time wisely. lobbying the wrong person takes precious time and moves you no closer to your goal. lobbying the right official takes time too -- but it does get you nearer to victory. influencing policy is always easier when you have a little clout, so as you build influence, you'll also gather points. when you get to the end of the maze, your score will show you just how much time you had left in the budget process -- the more time you have left the more secure your funding is -- and how much clout you gathered. if you can't get through the maze in those six months, you lose. hint: getting yourself shipped off to the clink will cost you a lot of time, so try to stay this side of the law. making your way through if you're the sort of gamer who wants to have things a little easier, here's a bit of a cheat sheet: as you make your way through the dungeon, check the maze overview to see where you are. the overview is always arranged so that north is up, but the direction you face in the maze changes every time you turn a corner. use the arrows to guide you through the maze. the progress meter will let you know how many questions you have to go before you're done with the game. your final score is the number of days you have left multiplied by the number of points you accumulated. the higher the score the more adept you are at navigating new york city's corridors of power.the garbage game was developed, written and designed by gotham gazette: courtney gross, amanda b hickman, gail robinson, ya-hsuan huang art by alex eben meyer programming by forum one communications funding provided by the john s. and james l. knight foundation
__label__non_math	0.9994	special effort keeps kids safe in the fall of , i called into dudley elementary to let them know i was coming to visit a day and have lunch with my second-grade granddaughter we set a time of a.m. on that morning, i arrived at the west fence of the playground. they were having recess, and right away two female teachers approached me and politely asked my name and why i was standing outside the fence. when i told them who i was, they said they were expecting me and i was to go in and get a visitors pass and pin it on my shirt. i asked them if this was standard procedure to ask questions and they said, yes. i am much bigger than either of them, so i asked a question, what would you do if i knocked you down and starting to beat you badly? they replied, we will fight you anyway we can to protect these kids and keep them safe. sharon and i, like too many grandparents, know the hurt and pain of losing a -year-old grandson. in , our grandson died as a result of injuries he got from being struck by a car while riding his bike. i feel very good about the safety of our students at dudley elementary and gothenburg high school. - consultant retained for lake helen city engineer finalizing design - surveys reveal bbq challenge successful - tears, laughter, dancing highlight ghs graduation - circle of friends said to be successful - tiani reeves leads a group of five swede state qualifiers - swedes place 8th at cozad invitational - golfers improve on west wind course - legion baseball season begins may
__label__non_math	1.0000	evelyn nichelson, - evelyn augusta wagner nichelson, , died on monday, , at gothenburg. services were held monday, nov. , at the brady community bible church with the rev. larry viter officiating. burial took place at the gaslin cemetery at brady. nichelson was born in may of to paul and freda bloomburg schilling at stanton. she lived in several different location including stanton, broadwater and brady in nebraska, torrington, jackson and kemmerer in wyoming, magna and brighan city in utah and black forest in colorado. in , she was united in marriage to milo wagner, who preceded her in death. she then married donald nichelson in . nichelson worked as a clerk at wagner s woodcraft and also as a housewife. she was a member of the ioof at torrington and the lion s club at brady. nichelson enjoyed raising plants and crocheting as well as collecting salt and pepper shakers and spoons, according to family members. ?she was preceded in death by: her parents, paul and freda; her first husband, milo wagner; her second husband, donald nichelson; two grandsons; a great-granddaughter. ?survivors include: her two sons bob helen wagner of cheyenne, wy, and vernon arline wagner of saratoga, wy; her three daughters wanda richard eckhardt of mesquite, nv, mary ann paul fink of shoshoni, wy, and sharon bob smith of great falls, mt; three brothers barney, dewayne and dennis shilling; numerous grandchildren and great-grandchildren, nieces and nephews. memorials are suggested to the gothenburg hospital long term and the brady community bible church. online condolences may be sent to the family at strauser.com. arrangements have been placed in the care of blase-strauser memorial chapel of gothenburg. - consultant retained for lake helen city engineer finalizing design - surveys reveal bbq challenge successful - tears, laughter, dancing highlight ghs graduation - circle of friends said to be successful - tiani reeves leads a group of five swede state qualifiers - swedes place 8th at cozad invitational - golfers improve on west wind course - legion baseball season begins may
__label__non_math	0.9928	florida state seminoles vs florida gators ticketsflorida state seminoles at florida gators important florida gators ticket information when buying your tickets to see florida gators keep in mind: - seats are together, side by side, unless the florida gators ticket notes state otherwise. - time permitting, all tickets are shipped via fedex. - ticket prices are set by the sellers and may be above or below the face value of the ticket.
__label__non_math	1.0000	sorry, there are no tickets currently available for the date and location you've selected we are gotickets.com gotickets.com sells tickets and hotel packages for hard-to-find concert, sports and theater tickets. we re your source for major, often sold-out sporting events like the masters golf tournament, the super bowl, daytona 500, and us open tennis. gotickets also has a large ticket inventory for all major sports, concerts, and theater events to fulfill your everyday ticketing needs for everything from mlb or nfl games to the hot concert tour this year to the bright lights of broadway. read more about our company on our about gotickets page
__label__non_math	0.9999	memphis wins c-usa regular-season crown with -victory at tulsa tulsa, okla. - using an -run to begin the second half, memphis -, -c-usa claimed the conference usa regular-season title outright with a -win at tulsa -, -c-usa on saturday. will barton, the leading scorer in c-usa, poured in a career-high points to become the 47th tiger to reach the ,000-point plateau and only the ninth player to hit the milestone in just two seasons. barton entered the game points shy of ,000 for his career. after scoring in the first half, the baltimore, md, native opened the second half with two free throws and cemented himself in the tigers' record books. barton also pulled down a game-high-tying nine rebounds. senior wesley witherspoon connected on -of-field goal attempts, including -of-from long range, en route to scoring points. witherspoon tied barton with a game-high nine boards. memphis finished the game shooting .percent -for- from the floor with assists to only turnovers. tulsa connected on .percent -for- of its shots. three golden hurricanes finished in double-figures, led by jordan clarkson with points. steven idlet added points and scottie haralson chipped in . after memphis built a double-digit lead early in the game, tulsa put together an -run to end the half and cut the tigers advantage to three, -. will barton went down -seconds into the game after a tulsa player landed on his leg following a fastbreak layup. barton returned to the game a moment later and scored first-half points. crawford dished out five assists and jackson scored nine points. the win gives memphis a first-round bye in the c-usa championship, which the tigers are hosting at fedexforum beginning on wednesday. check gotigersgo.com for the latest information on the tigers and the c-usa tourney.
__label__non_math	0.9818	memphis men's cross country team finishes fifth memphis, tenn.- - the men's team was again led by junior christian schmallegger leoben, austria en route 111 points for a fifth-place finish at the university of memphis invitational at plough park, saturday. schamallegger finished eighth in .while teammate balsz laszlo rounded out the top in .. tiger kevin foltz flushing, mi flushing finished 18th in ., while robert goode mason, oh wm mason and lee eilert germantown, tn finished 37th and 38th, respectively, to complete the tiger scoring. southern mississippi, a team nationally-ranked and favored to win conference-usa, placed four runners in the top five to capture the team title with points. jackson state's david rop won the individual title with a .time for the 8k course. the university of idaho , arkansas-little rock , jackson state 100 , mississippi 150 , arkansas state 166 , west alabama 227 and belhaven university 234 completed the field. the men's team is off until the conference usa championships in two weeks at unc-charlotte.
__label__non_math	0.9976	the things that come out of an improv comedienne's mind when she's not hooked up to an audience. saturday, ooh, does this look like some kinda creepy shadow to you? it does to me. but behind the darkness... santa claus
__label__non_math	0.9914	the word means "worship" in german, and this journal goes by that name, because we are unabashedly dedicated to the traditional, historic, liturgy of the christian church especially as preserved and employed by the churches of the german reformation of the 16th century read: we're lutherans with an attitude . we don't feel the need to tread lightly around bureaucrats or synodocrats. we're confessional, traditional, and evangelical. all in all, you might say we're sort of, well, in a way, in short, disestablishmentarian. gottesdienstis the insightful, witty, evangelical, liturgical journal of record if we do say so ourselves . gottesdienst is for you if you want to know more about the liturgy or if you want some great seasonal sermons and biblical insights or if you want liturgical observations that are truthful, insightful, and unafraid or if you want encouragement to stand firm in the faith or if you re a pastor who hasn t yet taken the step of ordering a bulk subscription for your congregation. you know, if they read something you re already trying to tell them, they might be easier to convince. in gottesdienst, you may expect to find sermons old and new preaching christ and him crucified. meditations on the mysteries of the gospel. liturgical observations concerning 21st century christendom. answers to your liturgical questions. commentary on the good and the bad in worship. clear explanations of the liturgy. unique and entertaining analysis of all these things. the german word gottesdienst literally, "god's service" may be defined as both "divine service" and "public worship." the first and fundamental definition has to do with god's sacramental service toward man in the preaching of the word and the administration of the sacraments. the subordinate definition portrays man's sacrificial service toward god in the offering of hymns, prayers, etc. we propose that the historic divine service of the western christian church is more than the cobwebs of antiquity. it is a theological treasure, which is most needed in today's christian church. the slogan leitourgia divina adiaphora non est lit., "the divine liturgy is not adiaphora indifferent things " reflects this conviction. on that slogan: leitourgia divina adiaphora non est: the literal translation is "the divine liturgy is not adiaphora indifferent things ." this expression has raised an interesting discussion among various theologians and pastors among us: some say we have our grammar wrong. leitourgia divina, they say, is in the singular, as is the verb est, and therefore the predicate adiaphora should match case, which should then be adiaphoron. others say adiaphora could be taken as an adjective, then translating: "the divine liturgy is not adiaphorous." still others say that if we mean to say "the divine liturgy is not a matter of indifferent things," we should then have it leitourgia divina res adiaphora non est. thus far, we have maintained the slogan as is, with the reply: the verb must agree with its subject in number, but not with its predicate. the principle expressed here is that the historic divine service of the western christian church is more than christian antiquity. it is a theological treasure which can and should be used in today's christian church. it has well served our mother church and our fathers in the faith for the past centuries and there is no reason to believe that it will not continue to do so in the future. moreover, to say that liturgy is something not commanded by god is to reject the clear words of our lord, who indeed has given specific commands which are quite liturgical in nature; for example, this do, pertaining to the sacrament, and when ye pray, say, pertaining to the our father. our story: gottesdienst was established in and had been responsible for providing outstanding liturgical material ever since. this journal is dedicated to the preservation and promotion of the historic lutheran liturgy. we pledge to maintain the high level of confessional integrity and expectations for which this journal has always been known. to that end, we routinely publish sermons new and old, and fine articles pertaining to the historic liturgy and its rubrics, with an aim to fostering a deeper understanding of and appreciation for the divine service in which our holy and triune god enlightens us with his gifts, sanctifies, and keeps us in the true faith. we are encouraged by the continued growth we have enjoyed, as gottesdienst continues to make strides in having an impact on current liturgical practices, and would be pleased to add your name to our growing list of subscribers.
__label__non_math	0.9967	the hobbit aloud release date: the hobbit aloud saturday, to approximately in the athenaeum forum the goucher library's rare book collection contains many first editions, but the most valuable of the recently published first editions, and the most interesting one for tolkien scholars, is the american first edition of the hobbit boston: houghton mifflin, . the book was donated to the library in by margaret dixcy morriss class of . on saturday, , we will read from the hobbit in the athenaeum's forum to help celebrate the building's opening and the 72nd anniversary of the first-edition's publication in england on . dancers from choregraphie antique will perform after chapter when the travelers arrive at rivendell and are welcomed with singing and dancing. a second dance troupe will perform at , following the dwarves' and bilbo's triumphant arrival at laketown. charm city rapper will perform sword dances, clogging, and other anglo-american folk dances to evoke the lake men's nostalgic martial world that must soon prepare to face smaug and the war of the five armies. students, staff and faculty will be invited to sign up to read portions of the book until we have completed all 287 pages. the reading will be accompanied by projected digitized images of tolkien's original illustrations in the hobbit including the dust jacket, an extremely rare survival . additional images of anglo-saxon swords and jewelry will come from drawings found in the research notebooks of john mitchell kemble , part of the james wilson bright collection, japanese scrolls from the collection of arnie sanders, and from other books in the library's rare books collection. because the first edition differs in important ways from all those published after , listeners can read along in their modern copies to see how tolkien's original version of the story was revised as his work on the lord of the rings progressed. tolkien's twenty-year career as oxford's rawlinson bosworth professor of anglo-saxon gave him the raw material for many of the novel's details, scenes, and characters, and certainly his knowledge of anglo-saxon and middle english literature and history was useful in creating the novel. tolkien made september , the day on which the first copies were purchased and read, bilbo's and frodo's birthdays, and the american tolkien association has designated as "tolkien week" the week in which september falls. why celebrate the 72nd anniversary? number lore interested tolkien, and the number "" seven times two figures importantly in the hobbit, and in beowulf, one of the novel's inspirations. thanks to arnie sanders, professor of english, for this text.
__label__non_math	1.0000	man cleared in double shooting pleads guilty to federal gun charge published: wednesday, at p.m. last modified: wednesday, at p.m. a spartanburg man pleaded guilty wednesday to a federal gun charge. douglas lamar williams, , was charged with being a felon in possession of a gun and ammunition in connection to the shooting deaths of cousins michael hill-gentry jr., , and darren tyree hill, . local authorities determined the killings justifiable under the state's stand your ground law. investigators with the spartanburg county sheriff's office said williams, , and his girlfriend drove up to their apartment at lee's crossing and saw the men trying to break in through a window. no one was inside the apartment. assistant u.s. attorney lance crick said in court wednesday that williams convicted of forgery in had a .caliber revolver and .-caliber ammunition when he exited the passenger side of his girlfriend's vehicle after seeing the men, who appeared to be breaking into the apartment, and shot them. crick said after both men were shot in the head, williams told his girlfriend to call --and later returned to the scene and met with law enforcement. williams faces up to years in prison, a maximum 100 court fee on the federal gun charge. under the terms of a plea agreement, prosecution and defense agreed to a -month sentence, followed by supervised release and imposed fines. u.s. district judge mary g. lewis accepted williams' plea and will sentence him after reviewing a report from the u.s. probation office. williams could be sentenced in to days. williams' attorney, andrew johnston, said in court that williams has been on electronic monitoring and home detention without violation since his arrest in august . johnston's motion that williams be removed from electronic monitoring and house arrest was granted. the slain men's families have questioned the killings. spartanburg county sheriff chuck wright said that one of the men had a gun. according to an autopsy report, hill-gentry suffered a gunshot to the right side of his forehead. coroner rusty clevenger previously told the herald-journal that the gun barrel was close enough to leave gunshot residue and soot on hill-gentry's skin. the bullet traveled at a downward angle, the report states. clevenger said evidence shows the gun was likely to inches from hill-gentry's head when the trigger was pulled. hill's autopsy showed the bullet entered the back of his head near the top of his scalp and traveled downward. clevenger said it's difficult to determine how close williams was to hill when he fired the shot. williams will remain on ,000 bond until he is sentenced. the office of the 7th circuit solicitor forwarded the case to the u.s. attorney's office. the federal bureau of investigation investigated the case. . this copyrighted material may not be re-published without permission. links are encouraged.
__label__non_math	0.9996	about winter black italian truffle paste the acclaimed italian winter black truffle tuber melanosporum vitt is pureed and combined with mouthwatering peanut oil to create a truly spectacular spread, packaged in a convenient tube. you can use this versatile preparation simply, just by liberally spreading on some toast or canap s. get creative and concoct magnificent sauces and soups to bring the heady flavor and aroma of truffles into your kitchen. ingredients: italian black truffles tuber melanosporum vitt. , peanut oil, salt. storage: at room temperature availability: usually ships within business day. product is non-perishable and can ship via ground service. complimentary items for winter black italian truffle paste
__label__non_math	1.0000	site mailing list gourmet grocery online - after years in the gourmet food and gift basket production, gourmet grocery online has created a solid name of higher quality gourmet food gift than you will find anywhere online. we want to offer you the very best gourmet gift and basket that are sure to make an impact on your recipient. nationwide delivery to all states. shop our gourmet gifts - gourmet grocery online site powered by online website design
__label__non_math	1.0000	for me, the baking bug tends to hit in the morning, especially on my days off. many a morning i've been found in the kitchen, stirring together a mixture, before even having coffee or changing out of my pajamas. it also hits when my eye hits an ingredient on the shelf that's been long ignored, and i feel this strange compulsion to use it up right this very minute today, this means currants. i bought dried currants two months ago to make irish soda bread for st. patty's which was fantastic orange-cardamom currant scones - cups unbleached all-purpose flour - teaspoons baking powder - tablespoons unrefined cane sugar - teaspoon ground cardamom - teaspoon salt - tablespoons unsalted butter, very cold, cut into small cubes - teaspoon orange zest - cup dried currants - egg - tablespoons heavy cream more as needed whisk together the flour, baking powder, sugar, cardamom, and salt. add the butter and work it into the flour mixture with your fingers or a pastry blender, until it resembles a coarse meal. i cheated and used a food processor. stir in zest and currants. in a small bowl, beat the egg and heavy cream together with a fork. add to the flour mixture and mix with your hands until the dough just comes together. if the dough seems dry add the extra tablespoon of cream. turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface. pat or roll the dough to a inch thickness. cut into squares, then halve into triangles, or cut out rounds with a circular biscuit cutter. optional: use a pastry brush to clean out the small bowl of egg and heavy cream, and use it to brush the top of the unbaked scones. sprinkle with sugar. bake for -minutes, until golden brown. try not to eat them all at once. recipe adapted from food network kitchens.
__label__non_math	1.0000	our most popular items have been pre-selected for your convenience. if you wish to purchase this menu, click add to cart. if you wish to create a custom menu, make your selections and click add to cart. giving and receiving gourmetstation cuisine is as easy as ...... to see for yourself.
__label__non_math	1.0000	we are delighted to present our tuscan gourmet meal menu. our most popular items have been pre-selected for your convenience. if you wish to purchase these items, just click add to cart. if you wish to create a custom menu, make your selections then click add to cart. giving and receiving gourmetstation cuisine is as easy as ...... to see for yourself.
__label__non_math	1.0000	. intellectual property statement all content of our web site and service s is the copyrighted material of the company or the appropriate contributor, and is protected by united states and international copyright, trademark and other applicable laws. the web site and service s includes content, appearances and design, as well as trademarks, product names, graphics, logos, slogans, colors and designs that are the property of the company or other third parties. except as set forth in the relevant license agreements, nothing contained in our web site and or service s grants any license or other right to any the company's intellectual property or any third party's intellectual property. the appropriate party reserves complete title and interest to its intellectual property on or associated with the web site and or service s . you may not copy other than a copy for personal use, provided you do not remove any trademark, . applicable law as part of the web site and or service s you agree to receive a series of ongoing communications regarding the web site and or service s . upon receipt of this communication you will have the option to opt-out or unsubscribe. . user content with regard to user-generated exchanges of information and inclusion of content, any information and any content that you upload, exchange, share, store, send or otherwise make available through the web site or service s "user content" is your responsibility and the company assumes no liability or responsibility for such user generated information and content. this includes, but is not limited to, chat, blogs, email, email addresses and other personally identifying information, sms, text, photos, video, audio and any other user content that you may provide or make available and accessible to other users of the web site or service s . as the user of the web site and or service s , you are hereby acknowledging that the community oriented functionality of the web site and service s is inherently intended to provide users with the opportunity to share and provide information that you voluntarily provide and desire to make public and allow any other user of the web site and or service s access to that information. you further acknowledge that certain community features may allow users to contact and otherwise communicate with you directly. the company does not make any representations or guarantees of confidentiality or privacy and accepts no responsibility for user content and other information provided by users of the web site and service s . the company is not responsible for monitoring or policing this exchange of information and it is your responsibility to understand the nature of such communication mediums and use your own judgment and consideration as to what information you provide, exchange and otherwise make available. you are using the web site and or service s with the express knowledge that you are sharing information with known and unknown people and you assume all risks, consequences, liability and responsibility inherent with that exchange of information. in addition, the company does not control the user content posted via the web site or service s and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such user content. you understand that by using the web site and or service s , you may be exposed to user content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. under no circumstances will the company be liable in any way for any user content, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any user content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any user content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the web site and or service s . the company expressly states and you hereby acknowledge and understand that the company is not accepting any responsibility for monitoring or policing the exchange of user content and other information included or otherwise made available through the web site or service s and that the company does not accept any liability or responsibility express or implied involved with or resulting from the use of the web site and service s . however, as the provider of the web site and service s , the company reserves the right to monitor, view, store, forward and use any and all information and content provided by you through the use of the service. furthermore, the company may use any and all user content and other information made available or otherwise provided by you through the use of the web site and service s in various ways, including but not limited to, understand user behavior and patterns, for internal discussion, make decisions about advertising placement and sponsors, improving the quality, functionality and user experience of the web site and service s and any related materials. furthermore, you acknowledge and agree to comply with and strictly adhere to the member conduct detailed in the member conduct section of this agreement. you are solely responsible for user content that you provide on the web site or service s . with respect to user content, you hereby represent and warrant that a you own the user content or have all necessary licenses or permissions necessary to provide the user content and authorize the company to use all copyright, patent or other proprietary rights in and to any user content in manner required pursuant to the web site or service s ; and b you have the written consent, license or permission of each identifiable person to include any name or likeness of such person in the user content. the company does not claim ownership of user content you submit or make available for inclusion on the web site and or service s . however, with respect to user content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the web site and or service s , you grant the company and other users of the web site and or service s the following world-wide, perpetual, irrevocable, sub-licensable, assignable, royalty-free and non-exclusive license s , as applicable: a with respect to user content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas, the license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such user content on the web site and or service s solely for the purposes of providing and promoting the publicly accessible areas to which such user content was submitted or made available; and b with respect to user content other than photos, graphics, audio or video you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the web site and or service s , the license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, publicly perform and publicly display such user content in whole or in part and to incorporate such user content into other works in any format or medium now known or later developed. "publicly accessible" areas of the web site and or service s are those areas of the company network of properties that are intended by the company to be available to the general public. by way of example, publicly accessible areas of the web site and or service s would include message boards and portions of clubs and groups that are open to both members and visitors. however, publicly accessible areas of the web site and or service s would not include portions of any clubs and groups that are limited to members. . dmca notices if you are a holder or agent thereof of for all inquiries regarding this site, including dmca notices, . user conduct the company may at any time make modifications, changes and alterations to the data of our web site and or service s . such modifications may include messages boards, email service s , chat rooms, and other such service s . you agree to not use the web site and or service s to: a. submit material that is protected by copyright, patent or any other proprietary rights unless you are the owner of such material or have a license or permission from the owner of any such proprietary rights to provide the material; b. upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any user content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; c. harm minors in any way; d. impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a the company official, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; e. forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any user content transmitted through the web site and or service s ; f. upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any user content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements ; g. upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any user content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, h. upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation, except in those areas such as shopping rooms that are designated for such purpose; i. upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; j. disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to "scroll" faster than other users of the web site and or service s are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to engage in real time exchanges; k. interfere with or disrupt the web site and or service s or servers or networks connected to the web site and or service s , or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the web site and or service s ; l. intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, including, but not limited to, regulations promulgated by the u.s. securities and exchange commission, any rules of any national or other securities exchange, including, without limitation, the new york stock exchange, the american stock exchange or the nasdaq, and any regulations having the force of law; m. "stalk" or otherwise harass another; or n. collect or store personal data about other users. you understand that the technical processing and transmission of the web site and or service s , including your user content, may involve a transmissions over various networks; and b changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. . disclaimer of warranties you agree and acknowledge that your use of the web site and or the service s is at your sole risk. the company and its affiliates, third party licensors and service providers and their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents disclaim all warranties, express or implied, in connection with the web site and or service s and your use thereof. the company makes no representations or warranties regarding the accuracy or completeness of the content on the web site and or the service s or on any sites linked to this site and assumes no liability or responsibility for any i errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies, ii personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your use of the web site and or service s , iii any unauthorized access to or use of the company?s secure servers or any and all personal or financial information stored therein, iv any interruption or cessation of your use of the web site and or service s , v any bugs, viruses, or trojan horses, or related problems that may be acquired or transmitted in connection with the web site and or the service s , and or vi any errors or omissions in any user content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content posted, provided, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the web site or the service s . the company does not represent, warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any product or service advertised or offered by a third party on the web site, service s , any linked website, or banner or other advertising, and the company will not in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and third-party providers. . limitation of liability in no event will the company or its affiliates, representatives, contractors, or their respective officers, directors, employees or agents be liable for any damages, including, without limitation, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, whether under contract, tort or any other theory of liability, arising in connection with i any party?s use of the web site and or service s or a linked site, ii any failure, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay, computer virus, line system failure or loss of data, iii any loss of use related to our web site and or service s or a linked site, iv , any web site operated by any third party, v or any content of this web site or any linked site, even if the company is aware of the possibility of such damages. . subscriptions; no refunds if you are a subscriber to any paid service in connection with the web site a "subscribed service" , you are responsible for paying any required subscription fees. you hereby authorize the company to charge your credit card, debit card or bank account in connection with the ongoing cost of applicable subscriptions or membership fees for a subscribed service. the terms and conditions relating to any subscribed service may vary. unless stated otherwise, your subscription to a subscribed service will automatically renew for a term equal to the original term upon expiration of the then-current term, and continually thereafter, unless you terminate the subscribed service by phone or e-mail at least hours prior to the renewal date. company does not provide refunds on subscription fees already paid. when you terminate a subscribed service, you will not receive a refund for any unused portion of the subscribed service. you acknowledge and agree that the authorization to charge your credit card, debit card or bank account for services shall automatically transfer to any successors or assigns that provide the subscribed service. you may not assign or transfer your subscription to a subscribed service to any other person or entity. if there is a dispute regarding a subscribed service or the terms and conditions related thereto and you are denied a refund or other compensation for a valid reason under these , and you file a claim against the company or its affiliates, the company or its affiliates shall be entitled to collect from you all costs including attorney's fees associated with defending such a claim. you are responsible for providing all computer hardware and software or other equipment necessary to gain access to the subscribed service. access to and use of a subscribed service requires a combination of an identification name and a password. you must keep this identification name and password confidential and the company shall not be liable for your failure to do so. you must notify the company of any changes with respect to your information, including any changes in credit card, debit card or bank account information, changes in your contact information, any breaches of security, including the loss or unauthorized disclosure of any password or identification. until you send notification of any such breach of security, you will remain liable for any unauthorized use of a subscribed service. a subscribed service is for the private, non-commercial enjoyment of subscribers only and any other use is strictly prohibited. you agree not to copy, publish, or in any way make available publicly any material from a subscribed service without the express written consent of the company. the company may limit your access to a certain number of physical locations or equipment or simultaneous logins. . guidelines for children it is our policy to comply with the children's online privacy protection act of and all other applicable laws. by accessing the web site and or service s , you affirm that you are more than years old, are an emancipated minor, or have the consent of your parents or legal guardian and, therefore, are fully capable and competent to abide by and enter into the agreements and obligations set forth in these s. otherwise, you further affirm that you are at least years old as the web site and or service s are not intended for children under years old. if you do not comply with this age restriction, please do not use the web site and or service s . . termination of use if you subscribe to a subscribed service, you are entitled to cancel this agreement after your subscription term with the company is complete. upon completion of the subscription term of your agreement, you may terminate your subscription with the company as set forth in any such agreement or as further noted on the web site. company does not provide refunds on subscription fees already paid. when you terminate a subscribed service, you will not receive a refund for any unused portion of the subscribed service. you agree that we may, in our sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access to all or any part of the web site and or service s with or without notice and for any reason. any suspected fraudulent, abusive or illegal activity may constitute grounds for terminating your relationship and may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities. . termination of web site and or service s the company reserves the right to terminate the web site and or service s in their entirety at any time and for any reason. the company strives to ensure the privacy and accuracy of your confidential information. in order for you to purchase products and service s that we offer via the web site, we require you to provide us with information that personally identifies you "personal information" . personal information may include i contact data such as your name, physical and email addresses, phone numbers and domain names , and ii financial data such as your account or credit card number . aggregate information on web site usage is recorded, and information volunteered by site users including all data submitted is collected and stored. this includes the use of specific services on the web site and or service s such as performing keyword searches, registering for events, or requesting additional information. we also collect and retain your email address and any other information you provide, when you communicate with us via email. we collect this information to provide online services, and to enhance our web content and improve our quality of service. the confidential data you submit is encrypted using industry-standard ssl encryption. furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access and is never sold, traded or rented for commercial purposes to other organizations except to provide services, information, or products you've requested, when we have your permission, or in the following circumstances: a in the case of a sale of all of the assets of the company, a merger involving the company, a sale of assets involving the company or a corporate reorganization involving the company; and b when it is necessary to share information to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected threatening or fraudulent activities, and violations of , or as otherwise required by law. in addition, please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on-line, for example on message boards, through e-mail, or in chat areas, that information can be seen, collected and used by others.
__label__non_math	0.9921	european ports install radiation detectors as u.s. delays just last week, u.s. officials announced that the homeland security department is slowing plans to roll out ,400 monitors, each costing nearly .billion multiyear project. in field tests, the new advanced spectroscopic portal monitors, or asps, "led to the determination that additional functional capacity is needed to meet the operational standards," a department spokeswoman announced. the announcement, which means the machines could take another year to reach u.s. ports, comes after more than a year of sparring between dhs officials and the government accountability office over how effective the technology is as well as testing methods used to evaluate it. the debate over the new equipment has largely played out in congressional hearings. in september, government accountability office officials argued that dhs testing was based on a "biased" methodology that allowed vendors an artificial edge during the evaluation of their radiation detectors, an allegation homeland security officials said was off base. officials at the belgian port of antwerp, however, are moving ahead with deployment of the asps for use in secondary screening. "we're in the process of finalizing it now," pascal fias, a scientist working at the antwerp port, said last week during an international atomic energy agency-sponsored conference on nuclear trafficking here. in the netherlands, dutch customs officials are already using the asp detectors in secondary deployments and expect to eventually use them as primary scanners, fias said. containers at ports are typically put through a two-phase scanning process. during the first phase, the shipping containers are sent through very sensitive detectors called plastic scintillators. plastic scintillators can detect very low-level radiation emissions but are incapable of identifying the isotope emitting the energy. due to their sensitivity, they can be triggered by innocuous cargo with trace levels of natural radiation like granite, kitty litter or bananas. in one instance a load of blueberries set off belgian alarms. the fruit exhibited trace levels of cesium contamination, a legacy from chernobyl, fias said. if the primary detectors discover the presence of radiation, the shipping container is then sent through a secondary screening where customs officials use hand-held devices to determine the nature of the source. after the latest round of gao criticism of the dhs technology vetting process, homeland security officials suggested the asp detectors would first be deployed in secondary locations and testing would continue before replacing the plastic scintillators. while belgian port officials have no plans to shift the asp to a primary detection deployment - they say they have the plastic scintillators and might as well use them - the new technology is perfect for secondary screening, they say. "for the second phase, it makes a lot of sense to use the asp," fias told global security newswire, calling the technology currently "the best on the market." without the asp detectors, custom officials must use a small, hand-held scanner to assess the entire shipping container. that is a small scanner and a large box, a combination that has led to complaints from customs officials at the port, fias said. by contrast, the asp scanners are "basically a very, very big detector that can scan the whole of the container," he said. replacing primary scanners with the new technology requires any new device to be at least a sensitive as the plastic scintillators, fias notes, a more challenging bar to meet. the goal with these detector upgrades, both domestically and abroad, is not necessarily increasing the level or radiation detection at ports, but rather smoothing the flow of commerce and making sure current detection regime is not disruptive. u.s. officials have repeatedly said the goal is to lower the number of false alarms at large ports such as los angeles long beach. that port, the nation's busiest, has about 500 radiation alerts a day, and dhs officials suggest the new technology could plunge that number to less than . "we want to have a low economic impact. time is money, certainly in a port," fias said of antwerp. "only in ,000 containers are delayed for more than a few hours or days." he expects the asps, to be used in conjunction with x-ray scanning, to be rolled out in antwerp by the end of next year.
__label__non_math	0.9980	blocking potential treasury nominee gets the gop nowhere in debt ceiling fight republicans, embittered after a fiscal cliff fight that went to the democrats, have made it abundantly clear they are looking for a pound of flesh in the form of spending cuts in exchange for solving the next fiscal-crisis-in-waiting -- the debt ceiling. but don t expect the gop to slam the brakes on the heavily-anticipated nomination of jacob lew for treasury secretary in some bid to extract more leverage for spending cuts or entitlement reforms. true, republicans would use any leverage we have, as rep. spencer bachus, r-ala., frankly put it. but the gop sees little advantage to be gained in holding up lew if he is picked for treasury secretary, senior senate aides, republican strategists, and policy analysts argue. for one, the attempt could backfire and serve only to strengthen obama s hand as republicans are cast once again as intransigent obstructionists, blocking the ability to advance economic policy debates for their own political gain. blocking the treasury secretary could be a useful public relations tool that the president could use against republicans, said gop strategist ron bonjean. it s more likely that they will question jack lew s approach to the fiscal cliff and the debt ceiling and sequestration, rather than try to hold him up. another reason blocking lew could hurt republicans? it s hard for them to argue the administration needs to come to the negotiating table on spending cuts and then prevent it from putting in place its top economic negotiator. and with other matters like the president s budget proposal around the corner, the looming sequester deadline, and the continuing resolution to fund the government, members want to have a senior economic adviser from the administration who can be hauled to the hill for questioning -- and scolding. it s always helpful to have a secretary of treasury when you are negotiating, and i suspect most republicans would feel that way too, said former sen. judd gregg, r-n.h. i don t think most people would see it as effective leverage to try to hold up the secretary of the treasury s nomination. then there s just plain old logistics. the gop can only fight so many battles over top-level nominees at once, without undermining the persuasiveness of those arguments and looking like the proverbial boy who cried wolf. republicans already successfully sank susan rice s nomination for secretary of state before she clinched it and immediately began raising concerns with the nominations of chuck hagel for secretary of defense and john brennan for central intelligence agency director as soon as they were announced. as one gop aide put it: you have to pick your battles wisely rice was a fight that was fought and won. that does not mean lew s nomination would receive overwhelming support or that republicans won t use the opportunity to start laying the groundwork for the next round of fiscal fights. the treasury secretary nomination is expected to be announced imminently and the debt ceiling limit could be hit as soon as mid-february, leaving a confirmation process to butt right up against a major, looming economic time-bomb. if the debt ceiling is not addressed it could result in a devastating default for the u.s. on its debts. i would never recommend to my boss to let a treasury secretary go through until debt ceiling is done, said one republican senate aide. the message is obama got what he wanted on taxes. now he has to deliver on spending cuts. but even for those so inclined, the road to thwart such a confirmation is an uphill climb. senate majority leader harry reid is likely to schedule time for a floor vote on such a cabinet-level position, meaning that as long as there are votes in support of lew, it would be practically impossible for a handful of objectionable republicans to block his confirmation. lew has another advantage. having run the office of management and budget and served as a deputy secretary of state, he is a veteran of the senate confirmation process. without some sort of fresh and tangible tarnish to his record, it will be hard for senators to legitimately argue he lacks qualification for the position. jack has been confirmed twice. unless he has done something illegal, immoral, or unethical in the meantime, the only thing they can talk about is policy, said stan collender, a seasoned budget adviser, who is a director with qorvis communications. republicans will almost certainly use the confirmation process to talk about tax policy and how obama wants to keep raising taxes and everything in between. at the end of the day it s hard to picture him not getting confirmed especially with democrats in the senate.
__label__non_math	0.9999	recruiting veterans, and job downgrades by its end, employers had offered more than ,300 jobs to veterans and conducted more than ,500 interviews. the goal is one that va talks about a lot: putting veterans of all ages, wars and types of service to work, particularly in its own ranks. the job fairs address some of their challenges. coaches are on hand to translate r sum s from military speak to a civilian-friendly format and to match a veteran s experience in the service with skill sets needed in the workforce. despite the tough labor market, john sep lveda, va s chief human capital officer, says agencies and private sector employers want to hire vets in fields such as information technology, accounting, landscaping, nursing and engineering. but many of them have never had a job outside military service. we re like the ultimate matchmaker, and we want to try to make some magic here, sep lveda says. va touts many initiatives aimed at putting veterans and their families to work. there s no shortage of them. in addition to va for vets, there s joining forces, led by first lady michelle obama and jill biden, wife of vice president joe biden, to promote job opportunities for military spouses. and president obama s executive order directing federal agencies to create veterans employment offices spawned the council on veterans employment and a pilot program to help homeless vets find work. the goal is to expand and improve the department in charge of looking after unprecedented numbers of veterans. va has gotten its share of bad press as troops return home from wars in iraq and afghanistan with physical and mental wounds that place great demands on its workforce. the personnel picture isn t an altogether flattering one. a week before the detroit job fair, about 500 va employees from across the country rallied outside va headquarters, across the street from the white house. the protest, organized by the american federation of government employees, aimed to call attention to the hundreds or thousands of veterans health administration employees facing changes in job grades that could affect take-home pay, or at least advancement and benefit opportunities. the plan was to downgrade the pay levels of certain medical support positions at va hospitals, including patient support assistants, security officers, biomedical technicians, claims assistants, maintenance workers, payroll support staff and housekeepers. most of the jobs are at the bottom rungs of the general schedule, including gs-4s and gs-5s who make ,000 a year or less. marlon askew, an administrative support assistant at a va hospital in temple, texas, learned months ago through a memo from va officials that his job would be downgraded from gs-to gs-. although the change would not affect his base pay, his cost-of-living adjustments would drop ,000 per year. the switch also would limit his retirement benefits and potential to receive raises or bonuses. this affects everything, says askew, who has been with va for years after serving in the army during the first gulf war. the cost-of-living payments help inform his future planning for his children s expenses and car payments. we ve been told so many different reasons for this happening. it s fraud, he says. it s possible askew could get a reprieve: va announced it was temporarily halting the downgrades in late june, just weeks after the protest in washington. the department is assessing how it came to decide thousands of employees like askew would receive downgrade memos and whether that decision should stand. the reasons for the downgrades, sep lveda says, are many and often misunderstood. most stem from bureaucratic issues that prevent streamlining va s human resources system, creating inconsistencies in job descriptions and allowing pay grades to slip through the cracks. the department is working with the office of personnel management to revise its job classifications. there are more than ,000 position descriptions at va, many of which are obsolete or are relatively unique to a specific position or individual, and we needed to reform all that, sep lveda says. but, he says, media reports have erroneously linked the classification revisions to downgrading. in many cases, decisions to downgrade resulted from a series of employee appeals in which opm s rulings are just now taking effect. for example, if a medical support assistant is a gs-and becomes aware that a colleague is a gs-and they file an appeal with opm, they review the circumstances by reviewing work that the appellant does and that others are doing, he explains. and they can conclude, well, gee, you re a gs-, but really you should all be a gs-. askew says he and his colleagues manage -hour coverage at a va hospital, directing calls, assisting patients, monitoring co-payment schedules and assisting family members. under his new pay grade and phone operator title, his duties remain the same, but sep lveda says the agency has a legacy issue when it comes to job duties. hundreds, maybe thousands, of employees, through no fault of their own, were put into grades that did not match the work that they do, he says. one reason is va s decentralized human resources apparatus: 170 hr offices operate autonomously from the central office that reviews personnel decisions. va has established a task force to collect data and determine the basis for downgrades in each situation. in a june memo from the department s human resources management office, officials acknowledge a great awareness of both the classification and opm appeal issues. sep lveda says va must balance taxpayer demands, opm regulations and the concerns of its employees. for a department charged with leveling the playing field for veterans in a fractured job market, and one that s determined to recruit many of them into its own workforce, hr reform is emerging as a clear priority. employees like askew hope so.
__label__non_math	1.0000	wide receiver kendall kelly from gadsden ala. city high school will visit tennessee this weekend, the news sentinel has learned from a member of the gadsden city football office. the -foot-, 215-pound kelly is also considering alabama, lsu and clemson. auburn had been in the running but was unable to secure a visit from kelly. kelly s teammate, cornerback dre kirkpatrick, will not join kelly in knoxville. kirkpatrick, who s considering alabama, florida and texas, took an unofficial visit to ut in september. kirkpatrick underwent shoulder surgery on wednesday and had to cancel a planned trip to lsu. alabama is thought to be the favorite to land kirkpatrick.
__label__non_math	0.9998	in a greeny hill in the vezal you will find blue studios which is a traditional building, with a veranda, beautiful large garden and swimming pool next door, also with snack bar. it has seven apartments each one sqm with its own balcony, kitchen, bathroom, lcd tv and aircondition. some rooms have view of the sea and other to the garden. located 300 meters from the beach and minutes walking from the tourist resort of laganas. the blue studios took their name from the blue doors and windows and venetian blue tiles that look like the deep blue mediterranean. in the rooms you will find iron handmade beds and especially in room no. is a lovely double bed. we can also add one or two beds in a room. we have open air parking in the garden. you can find a mini market and tavernas close to the beach with the personal care of the owner maria kafourou guarantees you excellent cleaning, grooming and care that you need for a relaxing and enjoyable holiday. zakynthos is famous for its beauty and the blue studios will be easy to make easy trips to all parts of the island because the road from laganas is easy and free turns. over laganas is the lithakia village and then kiliomeno a nice traditional village. further up still are the san leon and takes you on limionas porto is which a fascinating place to dive from the rocks and have a cold ouzo from the tavern to admire the magnificent view. in kiliomeno there is a very old tavern called alitzerinoi which means pirates . there you will find good food and traditional bread as the old times. from vezal laganas you can rent your own boat and go marathonisi a small island with has beautiful beach where you will probably relax like yourself shipwrecked on an exotic island. near blue studios you will find beaches of laganas, saint sostis porto koukla and kalamaki. keri is also from this side of the island after lagana, part sea side where you can enjoy the cafes, bars, restaurants and splendid sea views. we expect to explore our beautiful island and have your best holiday. tel: mob: fax: greece gr zakynthos, area: laganas - postal code: - address: laganas see nearby blue studios
__label__non_math	1.0000	when i interviewed mike elgan back in he talked about going on a google diet, where he uses google for all his social media activities. rather than spending time posting and sharing on facebook, twitter, linkedin and then jumping between them to check comments and responds, mike is doing everything through google . what s so great about publishing from google ? as mike explains: by using only google directly, and automating the distribution of your google posts elsewhere, you will gain the following benefits: - links will bring all your far-flung readers, fans, customers and others together on google , where everyone can have one big conversation, rather than scattering separate conversations all over the internet that you have to keep track of. - concentrating on just google and setting and forgetting all the other services saves you from social media fatigue. - posting everything directly on google enables you to cultivate a community on the fastest-growing social network while it s still in the phase where you can quickly gain a very large following. here s how mike is doing it: elgan: how i publish from google
__label__non_math	0.9972	share your images and get a free gpscity.com t-shirt of our reviewers recommend this item. see more ram mount items. ships by thursday, . questions and answers q as ram mount magellan roadmate series non skid suction mount? click this link to enter your question. no login required. our tech staff moderates this q a and will typically respond within hours hours if a weekend . visitors are also welcome to chime in at your convenience. or visit our q a home page. what's included in the box? gallery of customer images there are currently no gallery items for the ram mount magellan roadmate series non skid suction mount. written by george monroe twp., nj gps mountthe base could use a little more non-skid but works as advertised. more pros: keeps the gps steady cons: moves around a little viewers found this helpful. the rap-b-279--ma4 magellan roadmate series automotive ram mount is a high strength plastic composite mount with locking suction base and weighted non-skid sub-base. the mount is designed with a ram inch diameter patented rubber ball and socket system, with grip-lock knob, that has adjustment point at the cradle and base. with a twist of the grip-lock arm knob, you can move the magellan roadmate series mount to your optimum viewing position. note: this mount does not require any drilling for installation. magellan gps mount options: to help ensure you have the magellan roadmate series mount you require, take a look at the list of available ram magellan gps mounts on the roadmate series mount page. here you can select from suction cup gps mounts, flat surface screw down gps mounts, gps car mounts, non skid weighted gps mounts and more bundled with the ram-b-202-ma4 roadmate series cradle. magellan gps mount cradle plate:the rap-b-202-ma4 high strength plastic amps plate has a four hole pattern which will connect to the four holes found on the back of the following cradles made by magellan: note: the magellan cradles listed are included with the purchase of each gps unit, or can purchased separately. connection hardware included:the plate includes a set of four screws to connect the plate to the back of the roadmate cradle. magellan gps mount arm design:the rap-b-201-twist grip ram mount dual socket arm is a inch b size ball socket arm made of high strength plastic. the arm is .inches long between socket centers. the side of the arm includes a round grooved tightening nut which allows you to open and close the socket ends. magellan gps mount base design:this rap-b-279-is a dual base mounting solution. this base allows you to either mount your device directly on your car dashboard using the super grip non-skid base, or attach the mount to you windshield or any other non-porous surface with the powerful locking suction cup base. important legal note to california and minnesota drivers - locking suction cup base: the ram mount suction cup base solution is designed to have an extra strong hold on any smooth non-porous surface, including the non-skid base. with a twist of the outside edge, the suction cup base adheres to any glass or non-porous plastic surface. built into the top of the suction cup is a inch diameter rubber ball. this ball allows the suction cup to join to an open socket found on any of the ram inch diameter socket arms. - super grip non skid base: the weighted non skid friction sub-base solution includes a plastic round plate giving you a non porous surface for attaching the included ram mount suction cup base. the non skid base consists of a weighted core with a super grip anti-skid underside. the non skid base contours to the top of your dashboard allowing it to work on uneven and textured sufaces. this base does not require any fastening to the mounting surface. features and tips magellan roadmate series non skid suction mount features, along with a few user tips that you may find of help for this particular item. - warranty: manufacturer's life time warranty on all pieces excluding the non skid base. - cradle design: custom cradle for magellan roadmate series. - cradle material: black high strength composite plastic. - mount material: black high strength plastic composite and rubber locking suction cup. - mount ball size: ram inch solid rubber ball. - pivot point design: ram patented inch rubber ball and socket joint. - arm type: ram arm with dual inch sockets and grip-lock knob. - arm length: standard length of inches between socket centers. - base type: weighted non-skid friction base for non-destructive mounting and locking suction cup for non-porous surfaces. - common applications: - vehicle mounts: attaching to vehicle windshield or placing on the vehicle dash. there are no specifications currently available for this item. robb o. oh, may ken w. ut, may normand m. on, may maher q. mn, may matthew m. ga, may mercedes, may
__label__non_math	0.5300	comments powered by disqus gptoday.com gptoday.com is not responsible for the news headlines and associated descriptions and images it indexes, the content of externally linked sites or the comments postings of its users. this website is unofficial and is not associated in any way with the formula one group of companies. f1, formula one, formula , fia formula one world championship, grand prix and related marks are trade marks of formula one licensing b.v.
__label__non_math	0.9848	you beat prostate cancer. was that your first thought of mortality? did you come back from nam with any psychic damage? i was very lucky, mike. i think i was able to take that pain and put it out there in my efforts to end the war. and so i very publicly laid out my depth of opposition to what was happening and my feelings about what had happened over there in a way that, you know, a lot of guys didn't have that opportunity, or couldn't or didn't, and they kind of held it in. and i think that's the harder thing; that's the problem for a lot of guys. so i never did have any of those issues. it doesn't slow me down; it motivates me. you've never seen a therapist? no. i had some nightmares when i came home, which is not unusual. i can't say. to me vietnam is an old place, an old memory. it is old history, it's gone, it's past. the less i have to talk about it, frankly, the happier i am. how does it all end for you? it's up to the american people. i'm talking in a metaphysical sense, big picture. i mean, that's yet to be defined. how would you want it to end, if you could choose? boy, that's just really hanging out there, isn't it? long pause; wells up. gracefully. yeah, gracefully. michael hainey is gq's deputy editor.
__label__non_math	0.9986	there are a lot of things wrong with the way i'm living. my health is just poor. i don't eat right. i don't get enough exercise. my job makes me feel bad about myself daily. my home, instead of being a cozy haven of contentment, is a chaotic, filthy mess. we should be on a tv show like hoarders or something. i have no time to take care of any of the things that i feel like i should really be doing. this city is making me miserable. yeah, i know. whine, whine. three days ago i was driving near my office with my year old nephew in the truck, on our way to get some pizza. we drove up on quite a scene. in the lane next to us but going in the other direction was a car that was sitting still at an angle in the lane. there was also a police car. and an officer with gun drawn and pointing in the car as he moved around to the driver's side, shouting at the occupants. i couldn't see into the car through the pitch black tint, so i didn't know if it was full of bad guys with guns, or just a little old lady from pasadena. considering the window tint and the officer's behavior, i'd have to bet on that first choice. griffin got down and i hit the gas and got us the hell out of there. i don't know if you can imagine how upsetting it was to have that going on right next to us with my nephew in the truck. he was pretty shaken up and his mother told me it's still bothering him. me, too, buddy. me, too. two days ago i was at folks restaurant picking up my catering order for my company's christmas lunch. they weren't open for lunch yet, so the parking lot was deserted. one of the employees helped me carry some jugs of tea to my car. then he went back inside to get the cart with all of the food on it. i stayed outside making room in the trunk for the food. around the corner came this shattered wreck of a human being, and he came straight at me. normally i am the most tolerant person in the world but excuse me if i describe this guy the way i perceived him - a filthy, smelly, crazy, dangerous, homeless crackhead. i've been living in the city for almost decades now and this was not my first time at the rodeo. normally i have no trouble warning off folks like this who approach me. apparently i managed to encounter the one guy like this who wasn't looking for money. he was horny. great. it got physical. and it got ugly. and scary. and it was terribly upsetting. thankfully the folks guy came through the door with the cart, saw what was happening and ran straight at us, scaring the crazy guy away. i need to take him some kind of thank you, don't you think? maybe some home canned goodies and some cash? he was literally my hero in a white kitchen coat pushing a shining catering cart. bless him. looking back now, i realize, of course, that i should have called the police and done something about this maniac. at the time it, though, it was like i was in a tunnel. all i could see was getting back to the safety of my office. i don't think i was thinking very clearly, really. i barely reacted at all until after the lunch was over and i had time to relax. it took until i was shouting at my entire department at work yesterday for me to realize how upset i am about all of this. i realize that crime is everywhere and moving to the country won't guarantee i won't ever encounter a criminal or dangerous situation. but it sure would be unlikely to happen to days in a row out there, right? also, not so many strangers wandering around out in the sticks where everybody knows everybody. time to rethink our schedule? the move to our country home is scheduled for july . i just don't think i can wait that long. i feel like i have no control over my life here. there, i can set my schedule, actually make choices about how to spend my time, go outside, live a life that is cleaner and healthier in many ways. i really need to change my life.
__label__non_math	0.6256	there are no minimum scores set by the department for the gre or gpa. however, for the toefl it is advised that you have a minimum 600 paper-based score; minimum 250 computer-based score; or recommended internet-based scores of for reading, for listening, for speaking, and for writing. all mechanical engineering masters programs are self-supported, meaning there is no internal financial aid available for masters students. masters students are encouraged to apply for external funding. students may be eligible for funding at the doctorate level.
__label__non_math	0.9987	q: i m bewildered by all those t-shirts that proclaim, i me. why is me capitalized? and why isn t it myself ? i m from maine, and to me the message is i love maine. a: we can t believe that you re really bewildered by the uppercase me in that message. nobody with an internet connection could be. we ve been driven virtually deaf by now from all the capital letters that scream at us for emphasis in cyberspace. is there too much of it? yes. can we do anything about it? no, except perhaps to show a little restraint ourselves. as for i me, you can find it on hats, bags, compacts, valentines, stickers, cards, lighters, etc., in addition to t-shirts. you can also find a lot of i maine items. most of them spell out maine in upper- and lower-case letters, though some use all caps and others refer to the state as me. you may be interested in a posting we had a few years ago about the use of the word heart in place of the symbol. it turns out that the use of heart as a verb isn t a modern phenomenon. in fact, the first published reference for the verbing of heart dates from around 897, according to the oxford english dictionary. in anglo-saxon days, to heart meant to give heart to or inspire someone. last january the online oed added a draft entry on the colloquial use of heart as a verb meaning to love or be fond of. the dictionary says the usage is of us origin, and adds, originally with reference to logos using the symbol of a heart to denote the verb love. the first oed citation for this sense of the word is from a , associated press article: from berlin to the urals, teen-agers wear t-shirts reading, elvis, always stoned, and i heart new york. as for me versus myself, we ve written about this business several times on the blog, beginning with a posting in . it would be ok to use either me or myself on the t-shirt you ve asked about, though the shorter one is punchier and could do double-duty down east. check out our books about the english language
__label__non_math	0.9990	- grammy live like the genre itself, the recordings nominated in the classical field for the 55th grammy awards feature works spanning several centuries, including the present, performed by a range of instrumental and vocal configurations, from soloists to small ensembles and large orchestras. for best orchestral performance, conductor iv n fischer is nominated for one of my favorite symphonic works, gustav mahler's symphony no. . perhaps the most interesting entry in the category is carlos kalmar's music for a time of war, featuring john adams' the wound-dresser, which i find especially compelling as it is based on walt whitman's experience as a medic during the american civil war. the best opera recording category is split between 20th century and baroque operas, with a dash of richard wagner thrown in to keep it old-school. one of my favorite pieces of all time, the requiem by gy rgy ligeti, is nominated in the best choral performance category. as a fan of recent sacred choral works, i'm glad to see life breath choral works by ren clausen on the list. the nightingale features works by u is prauli , a latvian composer i'd had yet to discover, and who is also nominated in the best contemporary classical composition category. the best chamber music small ensemble performance category is full of surprises. americana is a collection of 20th-century american music performed by the modern mandolin quartet. if you don't think of the mandolin as an instrument that can hold its own on the concert stage, this group should change your mind. my personal favorite is their arrangement of "cool" from "west side story" by leonard bernstein. the zofo duet pianists eva-maria zimmermann and keisuke nakagoshi breathe new life into the four-hand piano repertoire with their album mind meld, and the los angeles percussion quartet offers rupa-khandha, a collection of exciting recent percussion works by current composers. the best classical vocal solo category showcases the female voice: natalie dessay sings debussy on clair de lune; joyce didonato joins her hometown kansas city symphony for homecoming; ute lemper brings classic torch songs to life on paris days, berlin nights; ren e fleming sings french music of the 20th century on po mes; and anne sofie von otter highlights baroque repertoire on sogno barocco. the best contemporary classical composition category features composers from the united states stephen hartke and steven stucky , cuba tania le n , latvia prauli and finland einojuhani rautavaara . there's plenty here to keep classical fans of all stripes fascinated for another grammy season. i know i'm looking forward to learning more about these recordings, and i am looking forward to when the winners are announced on feb. .
__label__non_math	1.0000	vandenbosch died last month after suffering a stroke. former village president bill filber had considered applying, but said late this week that he has decided to remain on the sidelines to gear up for a run for a state office in four years see related story on page . village council will meet at p.m. monday in the upstairs conference room at village hall to interview the candidates who applied by thursday's p.m. deadline. council is expected to make a decision immediately after the interviews, according to village clerk treasurer maribeth lawrence. doug boon, , 229 meridian st., has lived in the village for years. he owns house of hobbies in muskegon and served as a cub scout master for eight years. two of boon's three sons are eagle scouts and have been involved with village projects. our family through scouting has been involved with council for so many years, boon said. i've debated about it before, but i didn't know if i wanted a four-year commitment." boon said he is neutral on many issues, but he is against the disincorporation of the village, as has been proposed in a recent grassroots petition drive. boon said favors continuing infrastructure improvements and proceeding with phase of the grand river greenway. i think having seen what phase has done for the village, i would anticipate equal benefits, if not additional, he said. we walk phase several times a week. we absolutely love it. dave hamather, , 108 e. tolford st., has been a village resident since . he works as a machinist for l- combat propulsion systems in muskegon and is the financial trustee for uaw local 113. hamather has served on the spring lake heritage festival committee for years and is currently its president. i just wanted to get more involved in the day-to-day things that go on in the village, he said. i'm interested in working right along with the township. hamather said he is eager to learn about the issues facing the village. right now, i don't even know what i don't know, he said. i'm open-minded and i've always rolled with common sense. i think that's worth a lot. hamather said it was vandenbosch who encouraged him to join the heritage festival committee. vandenbosch was its president at the time. i could never, ever in my wildest dreams fill the shoes of marv vandenbosch, hamather said. but i think i could be a good ear on council." mark powers, , 312 meridian st., has lived in the village for years. he is a business law attorney, working primarily in chicago, grand rapids and southeast michigan. powers serves as treasurer for cub scout pack and teaches tae kwon do. having enjoyed the remarkable benefits of living in spring lake, it seems to me that i need to give some time back to maintaining spring lake, he said. i have previously served on other boards and commissions in lansing and other locations, and i typically enjoyed the experience. powers said he has no big concerns or immediate goals if he were selected by council. the village seems well-run and reasonably maintained, he said. my primary concern would be to make sure the village is improved and maintained during the time i live here. based on what i know, i do not think any material changes or new policies are necessary to achieve it.
__label__non_math	0.9997	- special sections - public notices a man dressed as an afghan border police officer opened fire on nato troops killing six americans during a training mission on nov. and on dec. , a taliban suicide bomber blew himself up inside an eastern afghan army base, killing two nato service members and at least two civilians, according to the associated press. it s news reports like these that cause the mccomas family, of williamstown, to flinch. dwight, a veteran of the vietnam era, and marlene mccomas are well acquainted with the sacrifices of military families. marlene s father was a prisoner of war during wwii, and in dwight s family, out of boys, were in some branch of military service, as well as one sister. two served in viet nam, two in korea, where was one killed, and the other spent months in a prisoner of war camp. darrenn, dwight and marlene s oldest son, has been in the navy for years and is a chief petty officer in california. he has had four tours in the persian gulf, assigned to the flight deck of a carrier. we re all military, dwight said. their oldest son, darrell, is not in the military and has remained close to home, which they are grateful for. he is the operations manager for averitt express at their cincinnati hub. however, their youngest son, army staff sgt. dirk mccomas, a member of easy company, the 506th infantry regiment unit assigned to the 4th brigade combat team bct of the 101st airborne division, has been stationed in afghanistan since august. he has been in the service for eight years and also served in iraq. it s hard, marlene said. you worry about him and you just try not to let yourself think about all the bad things that could happen. i guess my worst fear is that someday, those guys are going to walk into my shop marlene s flowers and i ll be there alone. i couldn t handle that. i don t have to talk to him every day, but i really do like to know that somebody talked to him that he s either been on e-mail or facebook or that he telephoned somebody. if somebody will just tell me that he s still alive, i m alright. while he is away, his wife allie, and his -year-old son, linkon, live with his parents. unlike many service members who have no family support, dirk s wife, of four years, learned how to preserve complete meals in canning jars and for thanksgiving, she sent him the works, canned turkey and dressing and his favorite, cushaw pie made in a canning jar, crust and all. she has also sent his other favorites, apple cinnamon bread and banana nut bread. allie and linkon came back to grant county from tennessee, after they found out dirk would be going to afghanistan. her parents, doug and diane markesbery live in dry ridge. having allie and linkon safe at home helps dirk to concentrate on the job at hand. i have the peace of mind knowing she has all the help she needs with the baby as well as anything else that might come up, dirk said, by e-mail. and it s good for linkon, that he gets to spend this time with his grandparents, because we don t live close enough for him to see them all the time. i write him a letter almost every night, allie said. the first time he was in iraq, his 1st sergeant told me that paper mail is the biggest morale boost they can have. no matter how many web cams you do, nothing takes the place of getting a letter at mail call. i don t really have anything to say, but i just write and tell him things, like i would tell him at dinner. although separated from her husband, she is a trooper and doesn t complain. he was already in, when we got married, allie said. he told me what i was getting into, but i had no idea what i was really getting into. you have to live it, to get it. but the military offers a lot of security, especially in this current economy. we get good healthcare and he has job security. allie loves being surrounded by family, but despite the sacrifices, she is appreciative of the benefits of being part of the military. where my family is my support group here, when you are in the military, you pretty much make family-friends everywhere you go, allie said. with the army, you can be as connected as you want to be. the frg family readiness group is set up for the families while they service personell are gone. if you re involved, like they encourage you to be, you get briefed on all this stuff. i went to briefings before dirk left. they make it as easy as possible to get all this information. and they will never notify the next of kin by phone, someone always comes to you, to support you when you are hurting. dirk s family listens to news reports, which is often unnerving, but are comforted to hear from dirk every two or three days. when there are casualties of war, there is a black-out of information, until families have been notified. however, recently, they were able to actually see dirk on a web cam, something the army put in place for the holidays. each service member was allowed at least minutes, but the mccomas time was stretched to minutes. it was really nice to look at him, and see him, marlene said. linkon was mesmerized. according to allie, the most difficult thing about the separation, is what he is missing with linkon, who is on the verge of taking his first independent steps. it takes a lot of dedication and patience and it is something that you have to really embrace, allie said. you have to want to do this, or you re not going to make it being apart for nine months, and come back to a functioning relationship. it s not easy. it takes some sacrifice, but i think it s worth it. it works for us. everything in our life pretty much flows well, except the emotional part, i just miss him a lot. i don t necessarily worry about him, because he is very well-trained and i have great confidence in his ability to do his job. he s awesome at it. however, she pauses nobody sees an ied improvised explosive device . i m concerned about his safety but, at the same time, he laughs. he tells me he s smarter than they are. regardless of danger and difficult living conditions, dirk, is a dedicated professional with an attitude of graditude. i like being in the military, it has offered me a lot of opportunities i would otherwise not had, dirk said. i ve gotten to live in different places and met all different kinds of people. it has its disadvantages as well, such as being away from my family at christmas and all the other holidays. but you get use to that. when we get leave to come home, we kind of make that time like a holiday and we see our friends and family. it s just how it is.
__label__non_math	1.0000	in case you were out living a life of leisure, here's what you missed in sports on wednesday. - the nfl injury and safety panel has instructed game officials to be on the lookout for concussion symptoms. as of this morning, officials have separately reported eagles head coach andy reid. - the chicago cubs fired manager mike quade. it feels like we hardly knew him, doesn't it? in fact, it feels like we hardly knew he was the cubs manager. - congressional democrats are pushing major league baseball to ban tobacco products and institute hgh testing. they plan to hold firm to this option until republicans raise an objection, at which point they're willing to settle for legalizing hgh and making tobacco use mandatory. - on a conference call with the national basketball player's association executive committee, union president derek fisher denied allegations that he met in secret with david stern to cut a side deal. in unrelated news, the nba lockout has been resolved in favor of the owners, and play is set to resume almost immediately as the los angeles derek fishers take on the minnesota derek fishers on opening night. - the red sox and cubs have been given another week to determine how much chicago will compensate boston for the final year of theo epstein's contract. the cubs offered former manager mike quade, and the red sox expressed interest, asking what position he played. - tim tebow said he had no problem with detroit linebacker stephen tulloch assuming the prayerful "tebowing" pose after sacking him last weekend. he was just glad tulloch didn't strike the other tebow pose, which involves flapping your hands in shock and excitement because you've just thrown a spiral. - ohio state running back jaamal berry has been suspended from the team after allegedly assaulting a -year-old man in columbus on october . according to witnesses, berry punched the man in the face and then bragged about what he'd done. when reached for comment, former osu quarterback terrelle pryor said, "that's weird, i have a tattoo depicting a scene just like that." - the phillies have given the cardinals permission to speak with ryne sandberg concerning their vacant manager position. oddly enough, though, they've stipulated that the entire conversation must be in french. - an adviser to floyd mayweather said that the boxer will be looking for the "biggest fight possible" on may , implying that the opponent might be manny pacquiao. if pacquiao would simply agree to have his entire supply of white blood cells drained a month prior to the bout, the mayweather camp thinks this thing could finally happen. read more of the triangle, grantland's sports blog. contact us at email
__label__non_math	1.0000	john downing senior wine buyer for hi time wine this show focuses on the retail aspect of buying wine. there is no reason for a novice wine buyer to be intimidated about going into a wine store and asking for help finding a bottle of wine. our guest today is senior wine buyer john downing. john has been in the business for over years and focuses on international wines but he gives us a great insight into buying wine from your local retailer. john works at hi-time wine cellars, a wine and spirits shop founded . the store, which is one of the largest in the usa, is both a traditional brick and mortar establishment while also offering a full e-commerce online shopping option. hi-time cellars offers an email newsletter and can be found at hi time wine click below to play the show:
__label__non_math	1.0000	the team at the lb o j zazz beading shop is always on the lookout for elements that are unique and elevate their bead embroidered pieces and jewelry a notch or two to yet another level. so, when najat hussein brought her stash of creations one quiet friday to their monthly meet bead they were so excited about her one-of-a-kind focal cabochons to have showcased and available at their shop with a special two day exhibit of her work. from a ph d in economics, to painter, sculptor, maker and mother of four, najat s work is prolific. the pieces are hand sculpted, molded and are quite unique. the cabochons will also be available for purchase at the exhibit thursday, october 11th saturday, october 13th from - . you will be able to pick up your purchased items after the exhibit sunday, october 14th at the lb o j zazz shop in shaab al-bahry. lb o j'zazz shop shaab al bahry, block , mohammed darwish al-aradi street street , adjacent to executive flex, shop lb o j'zazz2261-
__label__non_math	1.0000	stay informed of all our new releases by signing up for our newsletter texas gun fighter the lone avenger a ken maynard double feature. in texas gun fighter ken is an outlaw trying to go straight who opposing his old gang impresses the locals and in the lone avenger he must figure out who killed his father and why. dr jekyll mr hyde collection hawk of the hills the lure of the circus includes the feature version of hawk of the hills and the fragments of the lure of the circus. more info see india in beautiful technicolor as nino marcel a young elephant trainer is forced to challenge a dangerous priestess and her fire cult. features boris karloff and an appearance of reginald denny. films of george larkin hell hounds of the plains yakima canutt must go after a gang of dangerous horse rustlers to win the hand of neva gerber. more info april silent release special order all four titles and save. back to top
__label__non_math	0.9864	access to and use of our website is provided by us on the basis of a number of important terms and conditions, which are set out in full below. you should carefully read these terms and conditions terms . when you use birdwatching, you will be legally bound by these terms, which will take effect from your first use of birdwatching. if you do not agree to be legally bound by these terms, then you should not use birdwatching. we are continually seeking to update and improve birdwatching. as a result, we may make changes to birdwatching, including these terms, at any time. you will need to review these terms regularly so that you are aware of any changes we have made. you will be legally bound by the updated or amended terms from the first time that you use birdwatching after we post the changes on-line. the birdwatching web site, including all text, html, scripts, and images are please respect the rights of content creator s . all images are these terms apply generally to the use of birdwatching. any facility comment facility that we may make accessible to you through birdwatching, enabling you to post messages, comments, information, material or content a contribution , may have additional special terms attached. if and when a comment facility becomes available, you will need to read and agree to be legally bound by those special terms before you post a contribution or use those sections. if you do not agree to be legally bound by those special terms then you will not be able to post a contribution. birdwatching is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person in a country where that distribution or use would be contrary to local laws or regulations. the rights in materials, images, information, data, trade marks, trade names and logos and other content included on birdwatching birdwatching content are owned by us or the relevant third party content owner. all rights are reserved and acknowledged. as birdwatching content is protected by a variety of third party rights, you may not copy, adapt, re-publish, make available to the public or print off copies of birdwatching content in any way, or use it other than as part of birdwatching and for your personal non-commercial use, without our prior written permission. information which we provide through birdwatching is in outline for information or entertainment purposes only. the information could be inaccurate. third party websites we do not monitor the content of third party websites and any link provided on birdwatching is solely for your convenience. we cannot therefore accept any responsibility for any third party website. you are responsible for checking and complying with the terms and privacy policies applicable to your use of any third party website. whilst we will endeavour to ensure that birdwatching is available to you and that content for which we are responsible is accurate, we cannot make any legal commitment or representation to you that birdwatching will be available at any particular time or that it or any birdwatching content will be of any particular quality or fit for any particular purpose. however, we will exercise reasonable skill and care in providing any service to you. graphic birdwatching is proudly powered by wordpress
__label__math	1.0000	beyond simple math and grouping like " x x- " , there are some functions you can use as well. look below to see them all. they are mostly standard functions written as you might expect. you can also use "pi" and "e" as their respective constants. please note: you should not use fractional exponents. for example, don't type "x " to compute the cube root of x. instead, use "root x, ". when you want a quick graph of a function, you can just go to you can even separate multiple equations with commas, like for more information on graphsketch how it works, etc. , see my blog post
__label__non_math	1.0000	british singer-songwriter bobby long returns to the road this summer for a combination of solo acoustic shows and a series of dates at which he will be backed by a band for the first time since arriving on american shores just over a year ago. long, who has been working on his recording debut album backed by studio musicians, has been anxious to bring this new dynamic to his live appearances and is looking forward to giving his hauntingly personal songs added depth and dimension. the first of long s band shows will be at new york s highline ballroom on tuesday, june , followed by three other dates in the northeast and a run of west coast dates in early july. his band is comprised of musicians he met while on a short run of us shows this may. in between the full band dates, he will perform solo. signed to ato records in april, long has been making his self-financed studio debut under the helm of producer liam watson, who won a grammy for his work on elephant by the white stripes. they began recording at watson s analog toe rag studios in london during long s short breaks from his hectic touring schedule bobby played 160 headline shows in seven months in seven countries. meanwhile, bobby s independent cds, sold exclusively at his shows, have earned critical acclaim of their own. selections from dirty pond songs, the -song collection he recorded in his london apartment, have made their way onto aaa radio playlists in the u.s., becoming the catalyst for his inclusion on npr s world caf national broadcast in april and his live performance at the non-commercial radio conference non-comm in philadelphia on june . the columbia mo daily tribune, in a recent show preview, wrote: dirty pond songs, musically, is a revelation both in its simplicity and strength of songwriting. most of the album is occupied simply by long, his gentle, steady acoustic guitar strum and lonesome harmonica. but, long holds enough talent to keep fans' attention without any extravagant bells and whistles. additionally, left to lie, long s first digital release from dirty pond songs, reached on the itunes unsigned chart and on the folk chart, while my darling belle, his latest digital single culled from the dangerous summer live compilation, reached on the itunes singer-songwriter chart by the end of its first day of release. such affirmation has only served to build anticipation for the studio debut to be released via ato records. bobby long summer tour long s live performances have been receiving more notice as he carves out strongholds in u.s. markets that have welcomed him back repeatedly. until now, it was just him and an acoustic guitar, but that has never left his audiences wanting. as jambase described a recent live performance: the majority of the catalog builds off relatively simplistic chord progressions, but he shows a remarkable knack for adding color via accent notes with his unorthodox two-fingered picking attack and construction of fuller, brighter chords than the standard singer-songwriter fare. another writer for jitzul.com summed it up: just with his voice and his guitar, he fills the space and commands the stage. his voice was made to hear live and it never waivers. adding the band will allow bobby to stretch out a bit. i m looking at the shows with a band as another chapter in this adventure, says long. i played guitar in a band when i first started performing music, but it was before i wrote my own material. it will be an exciting experience for me to add fresh elements to my songs like i was able to do when i was recording the album. bobby long s summer shows with band dates noted include: june highline ballroom, new york city band date ; harpers ferry, boston band date ; stage one, fairfield, ct band date ; world caf live main room , philadelphia band date ; the space, evanston, il; the basement, columbus, oh; mixtape venue, grand rapids, mi; the firebird, st. louis; record bar, kansas city; july el corazon, seattle; backstage bar, vancouver, bc; bottom of the hill, san francisco band date ; anthology, san diego band date ; wasted space at hard rock hotel, las vegas band date ; the troubadour, los angeles, ca band date ; xponential music festival, wiggins park, camden, nj band date ; and august mile high festival, denver. more u.s. dates will be announced shortly. visit for the most up to date tour schedule.
__label__non_math	0.9998	the products you need to buy this weekend picked by bloggers and our beauty team umberto giannini painted lady talons "so we know that these aren t on sale until the 7th september when they go on sale in boots take note but they are just so amazing that we couldn t resist showing you immediately. matte black, victoriana lady embossing and they re just-the-right length too. we ll race you to the checkout. " rose from grazia's beauty tea
__label__non_math	0.9997	cobalt-radiation leak in delhi press trust of india new delhi, apr : experts today identified the material which led to a very powerful radiation in a west delhi industrial area as cobalt-, the exposure to which left five persons injured including one seriously. scientists from the bhaba atomic research centre and narora atomic power station also scanned mayapuri industrial area this morning to examine whether there was any other source of a similar emission in the vicinity. panic was triggered in the locality last night after the news of a radiation leak broke out with five persons falling ill after coming in contact with a mysterious shining object in a scrap shop. the experts have identified the material as cobalt-. they have identified six sources of cobalt-from the scrap shop, b b bhattacharya, member of national disaster management authority and former director of barc, told pti. cobalt-is a radioactive isotope of cobalt, which is a hard, lustrous, grey metal. cobalt-based colours and pigments have been used since ancient times for jewellery and paints, and miners have long used the name kobold ore for some minerals. bhattacharjee said cobalt-is used in fabrication work, specially for welding steel. it is also used in radiotherapy for treating cancer. the experts, who first collected and isolated the mysterious shining object from the scrap shop in mayapuri industrial area in a sophisticated lid, had sent it for further investigations. according to deputy commissioner of police west sharad aggarwal, experts visited the mayapuri scrap market this morning also and scanned the area to check whether there was any other source of radiation emission in the vicinity. the team had identified the source of radiation. they have collected the material and isolated it. they are examining it, aggarwal told pti. bhattacharjee said the radiation was from a very powerful source as deepak jain, the scrap dealer undergoing treatment in apollo hospital, is in a serious condition. after the news came to light last night, police cordoned off the area up to one km and did not allow people to enter the locality. there are around 200 scrap shops in the market. scientists from the crisis management group of department of atomic energy dae and atomic energy regulation board had last night carried out the survey of the extent of radiation in the area. the incident came to light yesterday when jain, the scrap dealer who suffered serious burn injuries, was yesterday rushed to apollo hospital which informed the government that he had suffered radiation, officials said. jain fell unconscious and his hands had turned black after coming into contact with the object, part of medical waste which was bought from a city hospital. four workers employed by him also suffered injuries in the incident. soon after the radiation, safety officer of apollo hospital informed the authorities that jain has been exposed to radiation. a team from ndma s emergency response centre then rushed to the spot in the afternoon. they were joined by a six member team, including a doctor, from barc later last evening besides ten scientists from narora atomic power plant. according to a senior official, the radioactive substances were put in an almirah by the scrap dealer who was unaware of its radio-activity. bhattacharya said they were looking for more sources of radiation in the market. it is a very congested area. we feel that more people were exposed to radiation as the material was there for about a week, he said. we have asked the authorities to properly examine the locality as well as people in the area, bhattacharya said. asked how the material made it to scrap, he said, the scrap dealers do not have requisite instruments to check whether any material they collect is radioactive or not. we do not know the source from where it came from. whether it came from abroad or not, we do not know. hopefully, we will be able to ascertain the facts soon, he said. we are yet to get details. we do not know whether the operator hid the source. such material sometimes come to the public domain, he said. jain s relative rajesh said that there were small black patches on the scrap dealer s body and they kept getting worse. locals said there was a peculiar smell in the area. ajay, a resident of mayapuri said, the scrap was brought to the shop about a week ago. they were cleaning the object when one of the labourers started losing hair. his finger nails also broke. others also then fell ill, ajay said. lastupdate on : fri, apr :makkah time lastupdate on : fri, apr :gmt lastupdate on : sat, apr :ist - more from south asia pahalgam land scam islamabad, apr : the state government is reportedly going to reinstate all the suspended revenue officials against whom the state vigilance organization svo had produced a challan in the large scale more - srinagar city civic body hires labourers, ngos; commissioner appeals employees to resume work for healthy reasons gk city correspondent srinagar, apr : with over a thousand metric tons of garbage mounting the city streets and government employees continuing the strike, the srinagar municipal corporation has put labourers including biharis more legislature discredited: baig syed amjad shah jammu, apr : accusing ruling national conference for backstabbing kashmiris through the inter-district recruitment bill, opposition peoples democratic party on friday termed the passing of the bill in more - south asia offers resignation, pm rejects press trust of india new delhi, apr : taking responsibility for the worst naxalite attack on security forces, home minister p chidambaram offered his resignation from the cabinet to prime minister manmohan singh, who today more - gk business srinagar, apr : the j k fisheries department has earned rs 130 lakh revenue on account of recreational fisheries.the revenue has been generated on account of entry fee to the aquarium-cum-awareness more
__label__non_math	1.0000	welcome to great girls games. after searching the internet for websites to play girls games on, i found that there were only a handful of them and even on those sites there wasn't much selection. i then decided to create my own website, with a collection of games that i and my friends enjoy playing. so, great girls games was born and now the site has one of the largest collections of games just for girls. our site has games from all different categories, from cooking games, to dress up games and even celebrity games. all of the girls games are completely free to play, we will never charge you anything, because the site is kept alive by our sponsors and advertisements. one of our most popular girls games categories is dress up games, these games are really fun to play. if you enjoy dress up games then be sure to check them out. another popular type of game is cooking games, these range from cooking a pizza, baking a cake and even decorating cookies. if you enjoy cooking, then try our cooking games. you should also try our makeover girl games and decor games. greatgirlsgames.com is the best place for girls games, so try out all our games and don't forget to tell your friends.
__label__non_math	1.0000	for principals and school officials, we offer a special enhanced school profile esp which allows you to update and add information about your school, as well as respond to reviews. if you are a school official, click continue to start. thank you for submitting a comment please note that it can take up to hours for your comment to be posted to our site. while you're here, we'd like to invite you to fill out a survey on your school's programs, activities, and extracurriculars. it only takes a few minutes and will help parents get a full picture of your school. you may only compare schools at a time continue to compare the schools you have already selected or edit schools to change your selection. get started now the information you provide is extremely valuable in helping parents and students learn more about your school, so thanks for taking the time please note: information about school programs and services is provided by school administrations, and not all schools have submitted this information to greatschools. therefore, narrowing your search by applying filters may exclude some matching schools. select at least one more school to compare. want to compare schools? check the 'compare' box in your search results. sorry, you may only compare schools in the same state. to start a new list, click ok. otherwise click cancel. thank you. you've successfully subscribed to the greatschools newsletter. thank you. please confirm your subscription by clicking the link in the email we just sent you. sign up for email updates please enter your email address to sign up. the email address is already signed up. connect with us our mission is to inspire and support families to champion their children's education - at school, at home and in their community. we are a national non-profit with offices in san francisco, milwaukee, washington d.c. and indianapolis.
__label__non_math	1.0000	bugbee has a new, young, enthusiastic and energetic principal. we loved the school for our older two, but now with our youngest we feel it is even better. amazing teachers, great leadership, fantastic school community. warm, caring environment, great special ed, beautiful well-equipped yet classic building, quiet location, playing fields and playgrounds. and, it was just rated 2nd elementary school in the entire state of ct about as good as it gets in a public school. small, wonderful community. lovely older building with lots of playground space and playing fields, in a quiet, safe neighborhood. i cannot begin to express how much sincere, individual concern the teachers have shown for my children. oh, and i've never heard of my kids missing recess to do schoolwork. homework is not excessive. choir, band, a big plus. my kids love the place amazing school i agree with the foregoing comment. bugbee is a wonderful place with great kids and families, however, there is a disconnect someplace along the line. while the school and bd. of ed emhasizes, 'go, slow and whoa' food choices to curb childhood obesity, they routinely take away recess so that the kids can complete homework or other assignments. this makes absolutely no sense. is it possible for a school to be too serious about academics? the answer is yes, and the evidence is bugbee. great teachers and programs, but many times, this school seems more focused on pumping up their standardized test scores and protecting their reputation than on the principal's stated mission of 'making learning fun.' a daily hour of homework begins in first grade and only gets worse every year. add that onto an already long school day and bugbee students don't get a lot of time to just be 'kids.' severe discipline can make the hallways and cafeteria feel more like a prison than an elementary school. bugbee could be truly great if they'd just loosen up and realize this is elementary school...not a college prep school. community ratings and reviews do not represent the views of greatschools nor does greatschools check their accuracy or verify the reviewers' identities. use your discretion when evaluating these reviews. the community rating is the school s average rating from its community members e.g., parents, students, and school staff . the highest possible rating is five stars; the lowest is one star. please click on the link in the verification email we just sent you to complete your change of email address. thanks for registering. welcome to greatschools, the largest online community committed to improving educational outcomes through parental involvement. thanks for verifying your updated email address. join greatschools to participate in the parent community and other discussions on our site. your review has been posted to greatschools. share with friends welcome to greatschools for principals and school officials, we offer a special enhanced school profile esp which allows you to update and add information about your school, as well as respond to reviews. if you are a school official, click continue to start. please note that it can take up to hours for your comment to be posted to our site. while you're here, we'd like to invite you to fill out a survey on your school's programs, activities, and extracurriculars. it only takes a few minutes and will help parents get a full picture of your school. get started now thank you for registering as a school leader. we just need to verify your email address. we've sent you an email - please click on the link in that message to get started editing your school's information
__label__non_math	0.9943	great skate will not be undersold in ice hockey equipment. we will match any us website. check out our day guarantee ccm rbz flex composite hockey stick - greatskate.com price ccm rbz youth composite hockey stick the first expression of this partnership is the new ccm rbz powered by taylormade. featuring the revolutionary speedblade technology providing insane velocity, the face of hockey sticks has changed forever. the new ccm rbz features key innovations that will truly classify this stick in a category of its own. better weight distribution produces a faster swing for a faster puck speed while the constant stiffness profile all the way through the shaft allows for a customized kick point for maximum shot loading. finally, the revolutionary speedblade technologytm provides a hot blade face which helps rockets the puck off the blade. - power swing fine tuned weight flex distribution provide a faster swing for more puck speed. - custom kick point all new constant stiffness shaft profile provides a precise customized kick-point for optimal loading. - speedblade revolutionary construction with speed channels helps provide a hot face for insane velocity. using some of the same principles that power the taylormade rocketballz, the ccm rbz features a revolutionary new design that completely eliminates foam from inside the blade. foam absorbs some of the energy from the puck reducing its velocity. with the patent pending speedblade technology the foam is replaced by four speed channels engineered to increase the coefficient of restitution providing insane velocity without sacrificing any control or durability.
__label__non_math	1.0000	picture yourself doing business with someone who doesn t speak your language. the chances are you ll need more than holiday level conversation to get by. that s why talk business was developed. it teaches you basic business vocabulary so that you can concentrate on the important stuff and not waste time searching for the right words. if english isn t your first language, don t worry will it work for me? talk business is aimed at people who already have some experience of the language. you must feel confident enough to start up a conversation and keep it going. the specialist phrases in talk business greek are clearly spoken at a speed that you can easily keep up with and copy. what will i learn? talk business greek gives you essential vocabulary for the workplace. it covers basics such as what is your website address? and my computer crashed and i lost all my files as well as more advanced discussion of exchange rates, product guarantees and marketing budgets. topics covered are: - trading, buying and selling - marketing, advertising and pr - it, internet, e-commerce and communications - banking, finance, stock exchange and accounting - business meetings - business travel - careers - negotiations - on the phone - general business vocabulary. how does it work? watch and learn dialect: modern greek level: business, beginner , intermediate - windows or later - mac os x ..or above - cd rom drive computer microphone - you can also upload words onto your ipod cd rom: play this disc on any computer with a cd drive - if you can play a cd on your computer, or you see a logo on the slot where you put in the disc that looks like the one above, then you ll be able to use this disc.
__label__non_math	0.9985	- shop for books - shop for ebooks - gift cards garb the post-office girl ebook pen translation prize finalist the logic of capitalism, boom and bust, is unremitting and unforgiving. but what happens to human feeling in a completely commodified world? in the post-office girl, stefan zweig, a deep analyst of the human passions, lays bare the private life of capitalism.christine toils in a provincial post office in post world war i austria, a country gripped by unemployment. out of the blue, a telegram arrives from christine s rich american aunt inviting her to a resort in the swiss alps. christine is immediately swept up into a world of inconceivable wealth and unleashed desire. she feels herself utterly transformed: nothing is impossible. but then, abruptly, her aunt cuts her loose. christine returns to the post office, where yes, nothing will ever be the same. christine meets ferdinand, a bitter war veteran and disappointed architect, who works construction jobs when he can get them. they are drawn to each other, even as they are crushed by a sense of deprivation, of anger and shame. work, politics, love, sex: everything is impossible for them. life is meaningless, unless, through one desperate and decisive act, they can secretly remake their world from within. cinderella meets bonnie and clyde in zweig s haunting and hard-as-nails novel, completed during the 1930s, as he was driven by the nazis into exile, but left unpublished at the time of his death. the post-office girl, available here for the first time in english, transforms our image of a modern master s achievement. about the author stefan zweig spent his youth studying philosophy and the history of literature in vienna and belonged to a pan-european cultural circle that included hugo von hofmannsthal and richard strauss. in , under national socialism, zweig fled austria for england, where he authored several novels, short stories, and biographies. in zweig and his second wife traveled to brazil, where they both committed suicide. nyrb classics published his novels chess story and beware of pity. joel rotenberg has produced nyrb original translations for stefan zweig s chess story and hugo von hofmannsthal s the lord chandos letter. praise for the post-office girl is it possible to have a realist fairy story? if so, this is it. the characters are so well realised and observed, and there are passages of such imaginative immersion, that we owe its publisher our gratitude for bringing it into english for the first time. what a treat this book is . --the spectator uk an exhilarating ski run of poverty, joy and misery... it is the girl's ecstatic naivety and zweig's sparkling prose that makes the old stories so sweetly fresh and, when the whole dream collapses, so devastatingly sad . --the sunday times uk "in the post-office girl stefan zweig explores the details of everyday life in language that pierces both brain and heart...the story is poignant, painful, and must be one of fiction s darkest indictments of how poverty destroys hope, enjoyment, beauty, brightness and laughter, and how money, no matter how falsely, provides ease and delight." --the spectator uk "this is a fascinating depiction of the effects of history on individual lives." --the financial times "the post office girl is a fine novel and an excellent place to start if you are new to this great austrian novelist. it is a powerful social history, describing in moving detail the social impact of the first world war, and the extreme poverty in which so many people were forced to live. it shows up the challenge to european civilisation of the early thirties and the failure of humanism, in which zweig believed until the end of his life. and it is remarkable for the bleak interior worlds it depicts of anxiety, self-doubt, depression and disintegration. zweig succeeded in taking the most complex concepts of psychoanalysis and bringing them vividly to life." --the telegraph "stefan zweig was a late and magnificent bloom from the hothouse of fin de siecle vienna...the posthumous publication of a zweig novel affords an opportunity to revisit this gifted writer...the post-office girl is captivating." --the wall street journal "... nowhere else in his fiction does zweig confront the legacy of the great war with as deep a social reach or as detailed a human sympathy as he does in the post-office girl... we are lucky to have the book, not only for its devastating picture of postwar austrian life but also because it represents so radical a departure from zweig's other fiction as to signal the existence of a hitherto unsuspected literary personality..." william deresiewicz, the nation " in this ... beautiful translation by joel rotenberg.... stefan zweig finds a universal story of psychological struggle and spiritual testing in a bitter but humane indictment of class inequality. he finds a love story, of a sort, in a quest story, and a quest story in a love story. he finds anger in compassion, and compassion in anger; beauty in suffering, and suffering in beauty." --the new york observer " zweig is a writer who understands perfectly the life he is describing, and who has great analytic gifts . . . " stephen spender, the new york review of books "always zweig remains essentially the same, revealing in all . . . mediums his subtlety of style, his profound psychological knowledge and his inherent humaneness." barthold fles, the new republic "his writing reveals his sympathy for fellow human beings." ruth franklin, london review of books the experience of reading zweig is not so much of entering the world of the story as of plunging inward and dreaming the story. rachel cohen, bookforum a brilliant writer. louis kronenberger, the new york times admired by readers as diverse as freud, einstein, toscanini, thomas mann and herman goering. edwin mcdowell, the new york times
__label__non_math	0.9997	here is the correspondence with dr huber cautioning against firm conclusions from the paper and the paper provided by dr huber for discussion. his note to me referencing two slides refers to the wapf conference presentation. if you wish to purchase a copy of dr. hubers full presentation please visit and inquire. dr huber spoke at the wapf conference this past wk. if there is one presentation to buy this is the one. dr. hubers information is startling. if you have been following this story linking glyphosate and a new pathogen you will know the importance if his work. here are a few tid bits; the 'new' pathogen is close to being sequenced, maybe within the month more information on this story. the us has dipped in human fertility rate in the last years. of us females have this pathogen in their system. it appears the pathogen will be a prion or prion like. the pathogen is the first of its kind in its ability to cross between plant, animal and humans with the same destructive force harming fertility of its host. it is directly associated with glyphosate and is harbored in the soil and our food chain. one paraphrase from the talk '...we are on the brink of a calamity...risk of loosing an entire generation....' i think the link to buy the talk by dr huber will be posted soon on the wapf.org site. dr. huber is a retired colonel, years joint chiefs of staff two administrations , year purdue university pathologist emeritus from huber's summary: "the introduction of such an intense mineral chelator as glyphosate into the food chain through accumulation in feed, forage, and food, and root exudation into ground water, could pose significant health concerns for animals and humans and needs further evaluation." in less than an hour, don huber, professor emeritus at purdue university and usda senior scientist see box delivered to the uk houses of parliament a damning indictment of glyphosate agriculture as a most serious threat to the environment, livestock, and human health . the new licorice emulsified is in. all three are good, and i think will be enjoyed by many. they are very easy to take. usually i would mix the fclo liquids in warm water to take, but the emulsified's are not only easy to take but .. do i dare say, enjoyable. "if the american people ever allow private banks to control the issue of their money, first by inflation and then by deflation, the banks and corporations that will grow up around them around the banks , will deprive the people of their property until their children will wake up homeless on the continent their fathers conquered." thomas jefferson naturalnews as though joining a noble cause, some pediatricians in the u.s. are making the decision not to see patients, who are unvaccinated, and are calling upon colleagues to do the same. ironically, one reason given, and feigning great heroism in its expression, is to keep waiting rooms free of "diseased patients". the reality, however, is quite different. outbreaks of diseases commonly vaccinated against are most often found in individuals, who have received the vaccine. dr. william atkinson, senior epidemiologist with the cdc confirmed this fact when he reported: "measles transmission has been clearly documented among vaccinated persons. in some large outbreaks...over of cases have a history of vaccination ." this is true with regards to other diseases as well. after trucking across the high plains for five hours, and casting my eyes over perhaps 100,000 acres or more of winter s still deathly gray industrial farmland, i came face to face with the newly famous dr. don m. huber in the cave-dark meeting room of the black horse inn just outside the american heartland village of creighton, nebraska. on the morning of march , along with about farmers and extension agents, i listened as huber discoursed with erudition and eloquence upon industrial farming practices that may be impacting nearly every morsel of food produced on the planet, and that subsequently may also be having staggeringly serious health consequences for plants, animals, and human beings. huber is emeritus soil scientist of purdue university, and a retired u.s. army colonel who served as an intelligence analyst, for years, active and reserves. in nebraska, he stood ramrod straight for three hours with no notes and spoke with an astonishing depth and range of knowledge on crucial, controversial matters of soil science, genetic engineering, and the profound impact of the widely used herbicide glyphosate upon soil and plants, and ultimately upon the health of animals and human beings. 1botany plant pathologypurdue university, west lafayette, in, usa 2institute of plant nutrition and soil science, braunschweig, germany plant diseases are a major limitation to improved production efficiency and crop quality as they reduce nutrient availability, uptake, distribution, or utilization by the plant. disease symptoms frequently reflect the altered nutritional status of the plant and it is frequently difficult to clearly distinguish between the biotic and abiotic factors involved.
__label__non_math	1.0000	november, bangkok, thailand. 'mannequins' revolt outside a zara store in bangkok, to demand that the company 'detox' now. she holds a prop "product warning" signs. during a day of action worldwide, 700 greenpeace activists in over cities demand that the worlds largest fashion retailer, zara, eliminate all hazardous chemicals from its clothing and supply chains. jonas gratzer greenpeace
__label__non_math	0.9997	mixing an incisive wit with scathing sarcasm, greg fitzsimmons has achieved success as a stand-up, emmy award winning writer and host on both radio and tv. a regular with david letterman, conan o brien, jimmy kimmel, and jay leno, greg has made more than visits to the howard stern show . he also hosts the greg fitzsimmons show, on sirius xm s howard 101 and twice a week puts out the hugely popular fitzdog radio podcast. greg will be hosting a new series on the speed channel called pumped and is a frequent panelist on chelsea lately . his book, dear mrs. fitzsimmons, climbed the best-seller charts and garnered outstanding reviews from npr and vanity fair. the audio book will be released this fall. in his spare time greg is currently developing pilots for both nickelodeon and vh1 where he s made many appearances on best week ever and the i love the series . he has two half-hour specials on comedy central, and in greg made his entire family proud hosting the 25th annual avn adult movie awards on showtime. writing credits include hbo s lucky louie , cedric the entertainer presents, politically incorrect w bill maher , the man show and many others. on his mantle beside the four daytime emmys he won as a writer and producer on the ellen degeneres show sit the jury award for best comedian from the hbo comedy arts festival and a cable ace award for the mtv game show he hosted called idiot savants . as i am writing this, i have a gun in my mouth. i do not like writing forewords, and shooting myself seems like a better option. forewords are a waste of time. people ask me to write these hoping my name will add value and sell the book. it s pointless. i ve written them for jackie the joke man martling, artie lange, and larry ratso sloman, and it didn t do a damn thing but diminish my book-forewording value on the open market. greg asked me to write this and stupidly i said yes because i have psychological problems and can t say no. i go to therapy three times a week and i still can t say no. so, as i am writing this my extremely gorgeous wife that i enjoy having sex with is upstairs alone. every minute i peck away on these keys is time away from my wife s adorable vagina. let s see: fuck my stunning model wife, or write a foreword for greg? okay, let s get on with it. i m not going to lie to you, i have not read greg s book and i don t really know what it is about. something about authority figures and not letting them shit on you. that s all i know. the best thing i can do here is to tell you how i feel about greg. greg is just like sunshine. he s so sharp, so funny, so kind of bawdy. he brings so much to the character of grandma bunny. he s just the most charming performer in the whole ensemble, i think. and that s how i feel about greg. actually, that s not how i feel about greg. it is how sigourney weaver feels about betty white. i stole this quote off an audiotape of sigourney weaver doing a press junket for her new film. she was asked about her costar and i m so lazy i couldn t even come up with my own adorable quote about greg, so i just took hers. even though these thoughts belong to sigourney, it really is how i feel about greg. now here are some of my original thoughts about greg: a. he is heaven on earth. b. j. d. salinger is a hack next to him. c. i used to think richard pryor was funny until i heard greg. richard pryor was so jealous that he lit himself on fire after he watched greg. two other facts about our author you should know. . karen carpenter laughed so hard during greg s performance she threw up and killed herself. . michael hutchins from inxs heard greg s comedy cd and hung himself while masturbating. all of that is not true but here s what is: greg has a big penis. really. greg fitzsimmons is also an outstanding comedian. he is a brilliant writer and performer, and should be a lot more famous than he is. he is so at ease on- stage, and i envy his ability to go up there and win a crowd over in seconds. i love him. you will, too. greg, i do love you. i know that sounds fake, but i have a very warm feeling about you. there aren t many people i know that i d almost invite over to my house. i care about you; i don t know why, i just do. you have balls of steel, and you are one of the funniest guests on my radio show. thank you for endless hours of comedy, and congrats on getting the book deal you deserve. now all of america will rejoice in your brilliance and avoid getting shit on by authority.
__label__non_math	0.9998	it's all up to the audience now. the final four contestants on the x factor sang their hearts out wednesday night for a spot in next week's final, and audience votes alone will determine which act gets eliminated on thursday night and which three will advance - with no sing-off or judges' votes to decide. additionally, the show isn't going to reveal the rankings of the top , meaning that viewers won't know who the frontrunner is heading into the finals. for the second week in a row, the acts each performed two songs - one of their choosing and one selected by them and their mentor though demi lovato is the one judge with no contestants remaining . here's a breakdown of each performance. for his pick, the last man standing from l.a. reid's over 25s went full redneck with a boot-stompin', old-school country throwback rendition of craig morgan's "bonfire," complete with pyrotechnics onstage. by this point, stevens knows it's his country shtick that differentiates him from the rest of the field and it's clear he's going to milk it for all it's worth as is reid, who donned a cowboy hat for the performance . not a bad move. reid, simon cowell and lovato said it was stevens' best performance to date. britney spears was the only dissenter, but her lukewarm feedback drew boos from the crowd and a loud, high-pitched gasp from reid. stevens' second number was "fall" by clay walker, which he dedicated to his wife again . another traditional country song, it was a more subdued performance than his first outing, but no less commendable. spears called it a "direct hit," and cowell put it even more bluntly. "there is about as much chance of you going back to your old job as me flying to the moon tomorrow night," he told stevens. "let's be clear. you've made your mark here. i think you've done enough to get into the final, and you thoroughly deserve it." do you agree? the -year-old sensation from britney spears' teens chose elton john's "your song" for, um, her song and offered an expectedly polished take on the classic. lovato called the choice of an adult contemporary ballad "predictable," but said she loved the performance anyway, and reid also praised sonenclar's "risky" decision. cowell said it wasn't sonenclar's best performance in the competition but said she'd likely redeem herself in her second outing of the night. for that, spears selected john lennon's "imagine," and had sonenclar both sing and play the piano for the introduction. it was a ... let's say "interesting" arrangement of the classic, one that attempted to give sonenclar numerous opportunities to belt out notes on a song that doesn't really call for much belting. reid and lovato praised the rendition, but simon had problems with it, calling the arrangement and staging with sonenclar leaving and then returning to the piano "overcomplicated." paying particular attention to lovato's criticism that they were getting predictable and not working the stage enough in their performances, the first of simon cowell's two groups made a point of spreading out and high-fiving members of the audience during peter frampton's "baby, i love your way." the strategy worked - with both lovato and cowell saying that the performance reminded them of the group's original audition, when they first showed the judges that they had something special. reid called it the trio's "big million dollar moment," and spears told them, "it would be unfair to call you a boy band, because you're way more than that." on their second number, the guys paid tribute to the original boy band, taking on the beatles' "hey jude," which, let's face it, could have been a disaster of a performance. but emblem pulled it off with aplomb, seriously working the crowd during the song's "na-na-na-na" outro. all of the judges had nothing but good things to say, even frequent criticizer lovato. "i was prepared to just rip you to shreds, because doing a beatles song is very presumptuous," reid told them afterwards. "that was risky business ... but you did a great job." trying to show that they could both harmonize and perform a choreographed dance number, the second of cowell's groups first tackled ellie goulding's "anything could happen." while their stage show was unconvincing at best, the girls again reinforced their individual and collective vocal talents. in fact, reid told them it was "the very best vocal performance you've ever done." but will that be enough to keep them in the competition? cowell seems to think so. acknowledging the quintet had come into the semifinals as "underdogs" due to their fourth place ranking, he said after the song, "to get into the final is going to take a miracle ... but after that performance, like the lyric of that song just said, anything now can happen." the group next opted for shontelle's "impossible," which they previously performed during the judges' homes round, and decided to incorporate spanish lyrics into the song to gain some more votes. somebody paid attention to post-presidential election analysis so, who do you think will make it to the finals and who will be sent home thursday? weigh in below other links from tvguide.com
__label__non_math	1.0000	your daily news briefing, with the video of the day, top news and quote of the day. news to know there has been a shooting at the north harris campus of lone star college in texas, cnn reports. swat teams evacuated several buildings on campus, which was placed on lockdown. the shooting was believed to be between two people, both armed with guns. witnesses report that there was a dispute between the two before the shooting began. one gunman was wounded and taken into custody, while another was apprehended after fleeing into the woods. two other people were also wounded after being caught in the crossfire, and a fourth suffered a heart attack. lone star college has and enrollment of ,students and six campuses across texas. the north harris campus is in the houston area. four other schools in the area were also locked down after the shooting was reported. quote of note "anyone involved with law enforcement for any amount of time is usually prepared for any scenario, but nobody can prepare for something like this." - las vegas metro sheriff doug gillespie. a police lieutenant for las vegas metro area police killed his wife and elementary-school-age son before killing himslef inside thier home, which he had set on fire, according to cnn. the names of the officer and his family members have not been released yet, but it has been confirmed that his wife had also worked as a las vegas police officer. hot video: first lady michelle obama rolls her eyes at john boehner gatehouse news service
__label__non_math	0.9987	fresh and local fair at weavers way weavers way chestnut hill and mt. airy stores will feature local vendors and farmers and plenty of delectable treats. free samples and demos galore a.m. p.m. diy vertical hydro strawberry garden workshop you've seen vertical hydroponic strawberry tower at greensgrow farms, now learn how to make one yourself.. p.m. p.m.
__label__non_math	1.0000	to say that it s been a long journey for kevin pearce wouldn t come close to describing what he s been through since his traumatic accident nearly two years ago. pearce was near death after slamming his head in the halfpipe in park city while training for the olympic qualifier in and officially was diagnosed with a traumatic brain injury. the obstacles he s overcome to arrive at the state he is in today is difficult to comprehend. kevin basically had to re-learn how to do most everything he knew prior to the accident. and that, he did. with gusto. now able to walk, talk, maintain memory, and for the most part live the life he was before, this kid who is known for always having a perma-grin across his face, will conquer the thought-to-be impossible and snowboard again. talk about inspiration, kevin s story inevitably affects anyone who hears it. his friends and family have been a constant support system since the beginning and he s talked many times about his goal of snowboarding again with them. this week, he sits down to talk about making it a reality. in five days, kevin pearce will be back on the hill with his buddies, fully living his dream again. hear what kp has to say to frends about his path to get to this amazing spot in his life.
__label__non_math	0.9975	the pristine waters off kona, hawaii, teem with big game and spawn many exciting fish tales. but this tale is unlike any other, a mystery involving a giant slender fish discovered on the surface minus its head and tail, making it nearly impossible to identify. sea strike capt. dale leverone poses with giant headless mystery fish found recently off kona, hawaii. in below image, first mate jack leverone lies beside the -foot-long denizen. credit: the leverones the case may never be solved because scientists have little to go on besides the photos accompanying this post, and because the fishermen filleted the carcass and tossed it overboard. the only thing that appears certain is that the headless mystery fish belongs to a species that resides at great depth, and is rarely encountered by humans. the best guess, and some might have already ventured this theory, is that this was an oarfish. oarfish are long and slender prehistoric-looking fish believed to have spawned tales of sea serpents among ancient mariners. that s what capt. dale leverone of the sea strike, which stumbled upon the -foot-long ribbon-like fish, initially believed. that s also what jon schwartz supposed. schwartz, a fishing photographer and friends of the leverone family, spent an entire day last week trying to solve this mystery, and blogged about his detective work. his title: giant headless mystery fish baffles fishermen and scientists. but oarfish boast crimson-colored mane-like dorsal fins, tall and prominent near their heads, and the headless fish did not have a detectable dorsal fin. i thought it was a car bumper, but then i remembered they don t float, first mate jack leverone told schwartz. schwartz contacted jim rizzuto, a veteran fishing writer in hawaii, and rizzuto suggested it could be a hawaiian ridge scabbardfish, which are long and ribbon-like, and extremely rare. but scabbardfish do not get nearly this long, so it was crossed off the list. schwartz plunged into wikipedia and found a species called beltfish, which are long and thin, and a photo of a bunch of them at a fish market in japan. not a probable match. schwartz also contacted two noaa marine biologists, who could not provide a positive id. i decided to probe on my own and contacted perry hampton, vice president of animal husbandry at the aquarium of the pacific in long beach, calif. hampton said the photographs do not show enough detail to make a determination but added: despite the apparent lack of red dorsal fin it is hard to come up with any other species other than an oarfish, based on the size of the specimen. the most prominent part of an oarfish s dorsal fin are the first few spines near the head, he added. it is possible that these things were lost along with the head. the rest of the dorsal fin runs the length of the body but usually lays flat in a recessed channel along the fish s back unless it is alarmed. so the headless mystery fish could very well have been an oarfish, but the world may never know for sure. just as it will never know what kind of shark or other predator chomped off its head and tail, leaving the rest for the leverones. they had planned to eat the headless mystery fish, but when they cooked it the flesh turned gelatinous, so they passed. more on grindtv nature facebook friends capture amazing baby whale, seal footage on same day sharks scary moments for divers during up-close tiger shark encounter fishing bluefin tuna sells for record .million in japan
__label__non_math	1.0000	private label branded products contribute too the success of trader joe s, whole foods, kroger, starbucks and walgreens brands while building market share, top line sales and bottom line profits. without inflated ego s professional brand marketers continue to create, position and place quality consumer focused products that garner a loyal following. economic downturn aside it s about private label retailers improved quality and selection that is driving the success. a nielsen survey found fully percent of shoppers globally said they intend to keep buying private label even after the economy improves, suggesting that store brand quality has reached parity with national brands and delivers on consumer expectations . private label brand managers have created great-tasting better-for-you comfort food utilizing legacy brands niche success but adding their own twist to create differentiation within consumers comfort zone. here at foodservice solutions we contend that differentiation does not mean different it means familiar with a twist. success does leave clues and private label brand managers are picking them up and exploiting them in the ready--eat and heat-n-eat fresh and prepared food niche. since retail food consultancy foodservice solutions of tacoma, wa has been the global leader in the grocerant niche for more on steven a. johnson and foodservice solutions bing or google grocerants or visit twitter.com grocerant or facebook steven
__label__non_math	0.9997	d lanes painting's insured technicians do more than cover homes in even coats of paint they cover all of their bases. for instance, they consult with every customer to discuss the gloss level, color, and brand of paint that the client prefers. they include surface preparation, priming, finish coats, and cleanup in every contract, leaving no step overlooked. and all of their contracts, which are covered by a two-year limited warranty against peeling and blistering, are managed by the owner, junior lanes, rather than being outsourced to an independent contractor or a bunch of kids with paintball guns. besides improving homes aesthetic and resale value with painting, the technicians stain decks and power wash wood, vinyl, and aluminum surfaces.
__label__non_math	1.0000	shelves stretch across the walls of the pottery piazza studio, abounding with more than ,500 bisque mugs, plates, and figurines in need of decoration. beside them sit stencils, brushes, bottles of paint, and more than 100 types of glaze. at the tables, clients adorn their blank bisque canvases with paint while sipping from their favorite home-brought wine. staff members stroll up and down the store, eagerly awaiting their chance to offer advice on the best ways to design a piece, perform artistic techniques, or accidentally drop incriminating evidence into the kiln. during fairer weather, painters lay claim to the tables on the front patio, painting, snacking, and socializing alfresco style. throughout the year, the shop hosts special events, including private parties, kids' summer camps, and byob ladies nights.
__label__non_math	1.0000	while waiting for a group of tour participants aboard his kayak on cape island creek, bob lubberman made a new acquaintance when a -foot great blue heron landed on the nose of his boat. it's not an entirely new experience for the owner of miss chris kayak rentals and tours, as opportunities to commune with nature came often as he crabbed and fished as a child from his grandmother's dock. now he's able to connect visitors to this ecosystem as they independently paddle rented sit-on-top kayaks or as they participate in guided kayak or boat tours. paddlers on kayak tours often catch close-ups of ospreys, terns, and other birds, and see diamondback terrapin turtles sunning themselves on the shore or trying to hold their own ice-cream cones. day and sunset tours let guests explore the wildlife-rich salt marshes, and night tours led during high tide let them paddle over grassy terrain to otherwise inaccessible areas. guests explore similar territory on tours aboard the osprey as they watch migrating shore birds or look out on the harbor's historic buildings. kayak tour guides include an associate naturalist and a cape may bird observatory field associate, and land-based staffers maintain a touch tank on the miss chris mooring dock, which they temporarily fill with conches, eels, and other sea life pulled up using open-sided conservation traps.
__label__non_math	0.9996	off bars of premium organic handmade soap 100gm each with golden organza scrub bag free nationwide delivery for rm29 instead of rm63. only rm14.per bar - get x 100gm premium organic handmade soap. - suitable for sensitive skin. - select from saffron, pink rose or green tea soap. - packaged in a golden organza bag. - organza bag can exfoliate skin and prolong soap life. - free nationwide delivery included. redemption period: .; reservation for pick-up must be made between . min. day prior reservation required for pick-up. booking subject to availability. pick-up valid mon fri: sat: including public holidays .; for redemption, refer to how it works below write-up. may buy and use many. valid at puuuv soap - . newton s law of hygiene states that after falling on the floor, soaps can no longer be used to clean bodies, faces and pet tapirs. today s groupon does not drop the soap: for rm29, you get two premium organic handmade bars of soap with golden organza scrub bags, inclusive of free nationwide delivery, from puuuv soap in kuala lumpur rm63.value . choose two from: - made from saffron flowers - improves blood circulation - suitable for aging skin - orange in colour with mild saffron scent - made from rose flowers and powder - relaxing effect - pink in colour with strong rose scent - made from green tea powder - suitable for sensitive skin - firms skin - green in colour with very strong green tea scent choosing two bars of premium handmade soap, customers should place it into the golden organza bags before using it to clean faces, bodies or pet cats. with a lifespan of up to two months when washing faces, cleansing blocks are long lasting as well as improves skin conditions. golden organza bags may be used to exfoliate skin while prolonging soap lifespan, and can be hung in bathrooms, or double up as scented paperweights. free nationwide delivery is included, allowing city dwellers, town folk and village people alike to obtain the handmade soaps without the help of smugglers. how it works - purchase this groupon. - for delivery, call - or email firstname.lastname and provide your name, contact number, choice of soaps, delivery address, groupon serial number, and redemption security code. - your soap will be delivered within working days. - for pick-up, call - one day in advance to reserve. - pick-up your soap the following day at no. -, jalan 142, taman orkid desa, cheras, kuala lumpur at the agreed time. further deals in this category further deals in this city further deals in malaysia further deals in other categories
__label__non_math	0.9959	it appears that you have cookies and or scripting disabled in your browser settings. please enable cookies and active scripting and try again. like many online shopping areas, we use a cookie to keep track of what's in your shopping basket. that is all it is used for and the cookie is deleted several hours after your session begins. we do not use cookies to permanently record your shopping session. to enjoy optimized
__label__non_math	0.9998	in response to growing demand from western u.s. and canadian outdoor fruit and berry producers, biobest is developing a native western bumblebee for outdoor pollination. bumblebees are important pollinators of many cultivated crops. by pollinating our fruits and vegetables, they not only help deliver our healthy meals, but are also vital to overall food security. bumblebees have the edge when it comes to effective pollination. they produce their own heat, which in combination with their furry coats enables them to fly early in the season when it is still far too cold for honeybees and other insects. unlike honeybees, they also buzz or shake flowers to collect pollen, which assures effective pollination. the use of bumblebees has allowed growers to produce higher-yielding, better-quality and safer crops. in food crops like greenhouse tomatoes, bumblebees have for many years successfully replaced physical pollination or chemicals previously used to induce fruit set. the demand for bumblebees to help guarantee crop yield has increased in recent years as honeybees and other natural pollinators have declined, but because native western species have not been available commercially, western u.s. and canadian growers of field crops like berries, top fruit and canola have been at a disadvantage, unable to share in the many benefits these pollinators offer. biobest recognizes the ecological and economic benefits of using native species for pollination. having pioneered the use of bumblebees for crop pollination, biobest has now developed a native western bumblebee species especially for the western u.s. and canada. biobest has been successful in rearing a range of native western bumblebee species, allowing them to select the right candidate for the western u.s. market. the company says that only the species that proves most successful in crop pollination will be launched for use in its native territory. biobest expects to begin pollination trials in the spring of . for more information:
__label__non_math	0.9993	kidkraft train trundle the kidkraft train trundle drawer is the ultimate accessory item for the train table - not only does it fit easily under the table, but it provides ample storage for train supplies and other toys trundle drawer only - need to purchase two trundles to fill underside of table. from kidkraft - wooden train trundle that features a oversized, deep drawer, casters, high-impact t-molding, and rope handle - constructed of wipe-clean melamine - need trundles to fill the underside of the train table - each drawer measures "x23."x10"h - color variations: white, natural, and honey
__label__non_math	0.9988	if you gave a little lady a cookie she'd probably get it all over her face she'd probably take a bite too she'd try to make it all hers and get it all over her thighs legs and toes but you wouldn't resist to give this little lady a cookie even if she makes a big o mess
__label__non_math	0.9981	inductors chokes - high energy storage chokes - m80 series: multi-e choke - based on squared copper wire windings around kool-mu e shape cores. - high storage currents up to 45a . - high storage low losses designs, improved efficiency for renewable energy inverters . - very good inductance stability vs temperature. - high inductance values up to mh to meet solar inverters requirements. - operating frequency up khz. - chokes designed for a ripple current. - soft saturation curve l vs current . - low magnetostriction. - combination of up to stacked sets of cores. - operating temperature from -40 c to 85 c. - wide range of output terminals racket, fast-on, direct leads, . - high efficiency renewable energy inverters solar, eolic, fuel cells . - welding inverters. - high efficiency ups.
__label__non_math	1.0000	new york city pet law gives you the right-after three months- to live with your pet regardless of what your lease or landlord states also, federal and state laws give you the legal right to reside with your emotional support animal or physical support animal regardless of any lease clause to the contrary. in new york city regardless of a lease clause to the contrary, tenants have the right to reside with their dogs, cats or other domesticated pets in their apartment. in order to enforce this benefit, the tenant is required to live with his her pet for a period of days. the pet cannot be secreted. the pet must be housed in a reasonable manner in the same manner as any pet is housed, i.e. a dog must be walked on a regular basis, after three months, the tenant then has the right to keep the dog. it is irrelevant whether or not the landlord actually knew about the pet. the test involves whether the pet was housed in the customary manner and whether the owner should reasonably known of the existence of the pet. so as to prove that the tenant has the right to benefit from the pet law, its advisable that the tenant document the date that the pet arrived at the apartment, possibly with proof of purchase or adoption, and photograph the pet in the public areas of the building as the three month threshold period progresses. the text of the pet law follows: - rights and responsibilities of owners and tenants in relation to pets. - legislative declaration. the council hereby finds that the enforcement of covenants contained in multiple dwelling leases which prohibit the harboring of household pets has led to widespread abuses by building owners or their agents, who knowing that a tenant has a pet for an extended period of time, seek to evict the tenant and or his or her pet often for reasons unrelated to the creation of a nuisance. because household pets are kept for reasons of safety and companionship and under the existence of a continuing housing emergency it is necessary to protect pet owners from retaliatory eviction and to safeguard the health, safety and welfare of tenants who harbor pets under the circumstances provided herein, it is hereby found that the enactment of the provisions of this section is necessary to prevent potential hardship and dislocation of tenants within this city. - where a tenant in a multiple dwelling openly and notoriously for a period of three months or more following taking possession of a unit, harbors or has harbored a household pet or pets, the harboring of which is not prohibited by the multiple dwelling law, the housing maintenance or the health codes of the city of new york or any other applicable law, and the owner or his or her agent has knowledge of this fact, and such owner fails within this three month period to commence a summary proceeding or action to enforce a lease provision prohibiting the keeping of such household pets, such lease provision shall be deemed waived. - it shall be unlawful for an owner or his or her agent, by express terms or otherwise, to restrict a tenant's rights as provided in this section. any such restriction shall be unenforceable and deemed void as against public policy. - the waiver provision of this section shall not apply where the harboring of household pet causes damage to the subject premise, creates a nuisance or interferes substantially with the health, safety or welfare of other tenants or occupants of the same or adjacent building or structure. - the new york city housing authority shall be exempt from the provisions of this section. if a tenant has a physical or mental disability, the tenant is entitled to live with a service dog or emotional support dog regardless of any prohibition in the tenant's lease. pursuant to the americans with disabilities act and the fair housing act, landlords are required to make reasonable accommodations for individual with actual or perceived disabilities. therefore if a health care professional attests to the fact that a tenant or legal occupant requires a dog for either emotional or physical support, then that individual is entitled to reside in the apartment in question with their service dog, regardless of any lease provision to the contrary. additionally, in a disability situation the three month limitation is not applicable. we are very experienced tenant rights attorneys and have successfully represented numerous pet owners in connection with their legal rights concerning their pets and their right to live with their pets in their apartments. we offer complimentary consultations. please contact our office at 212-921- to schedule your complimentary no-obligation consultation.
__label__non_math	1.0000	register nickname for our opinions and comments sections why register a nickname - use your facebook or google account login - you may not reveal your real name if you want, just register a nickname of your choice - your nickname will be reserved for you only - your comments and opinions will be posted immediately choose a nickname we will only have access to your public facebook profile information. our system wont have access to your facebook password or to you private info. your real name will not be visibe to other gsmarena.com visitors.
__label__non_math	1.0000	a girl scout alumnae is a former girl scout including daisy and brownie girl scouts , or current former volunteers and council staff. see a list of famous girl scouts alumnae the girl scouts of northeast texas alumnae association is a great place to reconnect to the largest women s leadership network in the country. join and utilize the courage, confidence and character you learned in girl scouting to help create the future and support leadership for girls in northeast texas. the alumnae association is a great resource whether your interest is in networking, events, volunteering, educational opportunities, or just keeping in touch with gsnetx and gsusa news. install latest flash player if you can't see this gallery, or click here to see the html version. please click here to view the recruitment tool kit.
__label__non_math	1.0000	welcome to the good times free santa cruz area community calendar. create an account or log in below. most events under will be printed in good times. listings posted here will be reviewed and approved within hours of posting. have your event posted by friday at noon for possible inclusion in the next weeks paper. please read our calendar listing guidelines for guidance in posting your event. online calendar posting guide click here . click here to register or log in. support. manual calendar submission form click here . plan ahead and post your events at least weekdays in advance of your event date. printable guidelines community calendar sponsored by bay federal.
__label__non_math	0.9737	take your bibles and turn please with me to the second chapter of acts. in our continuing study of acts we come now to chapter which records for us the birth of the church. the beginning of chapter records also the occasion of the baptism of the spirit and the filling of the spirit that occurred at the birth of the church. now let me say to begin with that all kinds of groups with all kinds of views have approached acts chapter to prove all kinds of points. as is so often the case in a crucial passage in scripture it has been exposed to some truth and some error in terms of its interpretation. and what i share with you this morning is what i believe in my heart to be that which comes from this passage and i have to believe in my heart, though i am well aware of my own imperfections. and in case you're not sure from my viewpoint, ask my wife. i have to believe what comes from this has been entrusted to my care by the holy spirit, because if god answers prayer that would be the prayer that i had repeatedly prayed for three or so weeks in leading up to sharing this with you this morning. it is not my attempt at this point to minimize other christians who feel that the baptism of the holy spirit is something quite different than what i will tell i believe it is this morning. it is not my attempt to divide the body of christ. it is only my attempt as i see it in my own study to clearly distinguish to you what this passage says. now we will not be able to complete the passage and therefore some of the argument that i would like to advance and some of the points that i would like to make will not be made until next lord's day. but what i am giving you this morning is from my heart to yours as i believe the spirit of god has opened this passage to me. and i trust that you will take it in the sense and in the sense of love in which it is given and yet in the sense of lovingly giving you what i believe with conviction. and i don't apologize for that. coming then to acts chapter , we come to the birth of the church. in thefirst chapterof acts, as we began our study we saw the preparation for the birth of the church and in chapter we see it born. in chapter , the disciples were waiting for the coming of the holy spirit. in chapter , he comes. in chapter , they were anticipating the church being born. in chapter , it is born. in chapter , the disciples were equipped. in chapter , they are empowered. in chapter , the believers are held back. in chapter , they are sent forth. so chapter then is a very important passage. in chapter , acts -is fulfilled. "but ye shall receive power after the holy spirit has come upon you and ye shall be witnesses unto me." this promise of jesus comes to pass in the beginning of chapter . the church is born and moves out in testimony in chapter . now this is a tremendous transitional passage. this is the greatest change that has occurred in all of the scriptures. "for is the end of the old age and the birth of the new age." the great crux of god's redemptive history is right here. the death and resurrection of jesus christ issues itself in the sending of the spirit and the birth of the new age, the age of the spirit. in the old age, the spirit was with you. in the new age he is where? in you. in the old age, men served god out of fear of consequences under law. in the new age, men served god out of love for jesus christ energized by the indwelling of the holy spirit. it's a new economy altogether. this is the birth of the new age and the character of the new age is the church. that body of believers indwelt by the holy spirit all in an invisible union with jesus christ and with each other. and that is the mystery that unfolds beginning in acts . now acts then is the birth of the church is the next step in god's redemptive history. now god has endeavored to reveal himself to men in a redemptive fashion. in the old testament he revealed himself in terms of the law and the sacrifices, etc. then came jesus christ who died, who was buried, who rose again bodily and physically. then the next act, jesus ascended to heaven. the next act sent the holy spirit in response to that this great redemptive history is continued in the birth of the church, here in acts chapter crisis chapter. we could not say enough about it. we only beggar the occasion by words at all. we cannot bespeak the truth of what really happened in this great transition. words just don't allow. only god, himself, can define the fantastic change that took place. now the definition of such change just for your point of reference is in john . don't look it up. listen as i read it. "in the last days, that great day of the feast, jesus stood and cried out saying if any man thirst, let him come unto me and drink." verse , "he that believeth on me as the scripture has said out of his heart shall flow rivers of living water." , "but this spoke he of the spirit whom they that believe on him should receive. for the holy spirit was not yet given because jesus was not yet glorified." in god's redemptive history, the spirit age couldn't happen until jesus ascended and was glorified in heaven. so in the great flow of history, jesus must return to the father before the spirit can be sent. and that's exactly where we find ourselves in chapter . the closing of chapter is the ascension of jesus christ, the beginning of chapter is the coming of the holy spirit. jesus accomplished his work and went to the father and the father in response to the perfect work of christ sent the holy spirit to dwell within the believers. this is a new dispensation. a whole new age, a new thing is born and you and i are a part of it by faith in jesus christ. this is called the church, church from ecclesia, called out ones. this is something never seen in the old testament. it's a mystery paul calls it. something hidden throughout the old testament, they never saw the church. this is a bride of christ, the new testament says. these are branches for the vine jesus christ, says john. this is a flock for jesus, the good shepherd. this is a mystery kingdom ruled by the son of god. this is a household, a family of sons by adoption. this is a building says paul, a spiritual temple with jesus christ as the foundation. but most uniquely this is a body. and the most unique metaphor in defining the church is the church is a body. body too, as a human body is fitly joined together so that everything functions in harmony, so the church is brought together in union with jesus christ and with each other by the holy spirit so that we're all part of each other. we are a body. we are body two. body one, jesus christ incarnate on earth. body two, jesus christ incarnate in his church. not one body, but a multiplicity of bodies in whom jesus lives. and so we are the body of christ blended together a spiritual incarnation of christ in men. we are a fellowship knit together with christ as the head, totally dependent on each other, one new man. this is the identity of the church. all barriers are abolished. there is no longer jew nor greeks, says paul. there's no longer male nor female, galatians . no longer bond nor free, for we are all one in christ. and everyone of us in the church is indwelt by jesus christ. now when we're talking about the church, we're talking about the real church, those who know christ. we're not talking about the building. we're not talking about those who say they're in the church. we're talking about the true church, those who know christ by personal faith. we all possess the holy spirit. he lives in us. that's the character of the age you see. and the people who would tell us today that there are some christians who don't have the holy spirit do not understand the dispensation of the church at all. they don't understand what the character of the church is. it is a body of believers all indwelt by the spirit. that's what the church is. it can't be anything less than that. that's why romans :9paul said, "if any man have not the spirit of christ in him he is none of his." because that's what the church is, you see. so every believer possesses the spirit for instruction, for power, for comfort, for security, for guarantee of our inheritance. the spirit is in every believer. now, our lord promised that this would happen and it happens here in acts . the church is born and from then on every believer at the point of faith in christ receives the holy spirit. and i'll show you why we believe that to be true. now the bible calls this the baptism of the holy spirit. jesus, himself, gave it that title, acts :. "for john truly baptized with water, but ye shall be baptized with the holy spirit not many days from now." and we know what he was talking about when he qualified it by saying not many days from now. he was talking about what would happen at pentecost, which was days later. jesus said, "you will be baptized with the holy spirit." now he used a very clear word, a very definitive word, baptizo. and we'll talk about what that exactly means. but keep in mind that jesus titled this what it is. and it's what happens here in chapter . they were baptized with the holy spirit. so jesus had promised that the character of the church would be such that those who were in the church would be indwelt by the spirit. he shall be in you and that they would be...this was called baptized in the spirit. and we'll take this apart in a moment. now, as we look at the text, we see three things and we'll barely get halfway through or so the first one, because it's the key. we see the evidence of the spirit's coming. we see the effect of the spirit's coming, and we see the explanation of the spirit's coming in verses -. now the evidence of the spirit's coming is in verses -. now keep in mind this is the introduction of a new age. this is the birth of the church, the fulfillment of the promise of jesus that you will be baptized with the holy spirit. also the fulfillment of the promise of jesus that the spirit will be in you. both occurring simultaneously at salvation from here on, but obviously couldn't occur at salvation here because these people were already believers and it was the birth of the church in a unique historical sense. to say that you get the holy spirit later, after salvation because the apostles did is to misunderstand the redemptive history of god. the spirit came here because this was the time for the spirit to come. and there had to be a beginning. it is not to say that this is the example of every christian who then gets the spirit x number of years after his salvation. not at all. all right, let's look first of all at the evidence of the spirit's coming and we'll take this all down so that you'll understand it, we trust. this morning though, when after the message i went out making clear distinctions, someone met me immediately and said you forgot to say this. i said wait that's the whole point of my message. so i felt bad, but i hope i get the point across better this time. verse , "and when the day of pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place." ten days later and they're still with one accord, beautiful. the historical designation is extremely important here, and it's important for many reasons. note that it does not say when the disciples had prayed or when the disciples had tarried or when the disciples had fulfilled some spiritual requirements or when the disciples had the paid the price of pentecost then this occasion occurred. it doesn't say that at all. it says it happened when the day of pentecost was fully come. luke points then only, watch it, to the history and the divine timing of god. that's the only thing luke points to. this happens when god wants it to happen, not in response to anybody's spiritual activity no matter how spiritual it may be. now, i want you to look at the concept of pentecost because this is a basis for which all the interpretation hinges. the word pentecost, a greek word, signifies fiftieth or fiftieth in order or fiftieth part of a thing. this is an important feast. it's calledtu b'shevatin exodus, which is the feast of harvest. it's calledshavu'ot, which may be the most famous name which means the feast of weeks; or it's called yom habikurim, which means the day of the first fruits. but all three titles using exodus and numbers mean the same thing. and it refers to this pentecost feast. now the feast of pentecost celebrates or commemorates the first fruits of the wheat harvest. it also commemorates the giving of the mosaic law because they also believe that after the exodus it was about days til the coming of the law. and the passover, you remember was celebrated at the time of the exodus because that's when the angel passed over right before the exodus. and so they measured some days to the giving of the law and they used pentecost then to celebrate not only the first fruits of wheat, but they used pentecost to celebrate also, and they still do even to this day, in fact, today is exactly days after the 14thof nisan this is exactly pentecost sunday. but nevertheless, it's divine timing perhaps, right to the day, this is it, days after passover or after easter i should say. but after the exile, it became traditional to celebrate the law giving as well as the feast of first fruits of the wheat harvest. so it came to be very significant and the jews still celebrate this even today. now, keep this in mind, the spirit's coming on the day of pentecost then is a matter of divine chronology. now i want you to keep in mind something that i've taught you before and i now remind you because you learn line upon line, line upon line, precept upon precept, precept upon precept, here a little, there a little, right? all right, now what i want to remind you of is there are two types of prophecy. one is verbally predictive, one is typically predictive. there are verbal prophecies, word prophecies. there are picture prophecies. a word prophecy is a virgin shall conceive and bring forth a son. that's a word prophecy. a typical prophecy is the passover lamb, which typically predicts a final passover lamb, jesus christ, in a picture sense. do you see? another typical prophecy would be, for example, the blood on the door posts in the middle. a picture of the blood of christ which satisfies the requirements of god and stays the hand of the angel of death. so there are both verbal direct prophecies and picture prophecies that we call types in the bible. and may i hasten to add my friends, those prophecies which are typical, which are types, and picture prophesies are no less strategic than the verbal ones and they better come true with just the same accuracy or the bible really has problems. when god predicts something whether he predicts in verbal statement or by perfect picture, it better come true. and so when we come to the day of pentecost, this is a fantastic fulfillment of a predictive type. and it must happen on the day of pentecost or it blows the whole thing in terms of what god prophesied through pictures. so we say then this, and i'll explain it in a minute, the spirit's coming was not in response to prayer. the spirit's coming was not in response to tarrying. the spirit's coming was not in response to meeting any conditions, it was god's sovereign timetable at work. it was the right day in the plan of redemptive history. and that day is revealed to us clearly in leviticus chapter so that we know exactly when it was going to happen. now without turning to that, but make a note of it, write it down and you can study it on your own. the key features of the feast revealed in leviticus are clearly laid out for us there. but we add to that that they are all in a sense predictive in their pictures. now three major feasts there are direct pictures of the work of jesus christ. the first feast of leviticus was god telling them to keep the passover. now you remember the passover? they were in egypt in bondage, the lord was going to at the end of the plagues, kill all the first born and so he said if you want to escape the killing of the first born, you kill the passover lamb, take the blood, put it on the door posts in the middle, side and the middle, and the angel will passover. and so the israelites knew that god had passed by them and saved them because of the blood. and that was a perfect picture of jesus christ, whose blood shed for us and god sees us in view of the blood of christ who passes by. and so the passover feast pictured the death of jesus christ. on what day did jesus die? on what feast day? passover, right on the day. you see, that prophecy not only was a picture of jesus christ, it was an accurate indication of what it was that was going to happen on one passover that he would actually die on a passover as a passover lamb. on the 14thof nisan, which is in the spring which is equivalent to some time in our april or late march, comes passover. and it was on such a passover that jesus died as the perfect passover lamb. you see god's timetable was right on. and then there was another feast and the other feast is called the feast of the first fruits. and this was interesting, catch this one. this feast was on the next day after the sabbath, after the passover. now the next...the sabbath is on what day? saturday. what would the next day be? sunday. so that the feast of first fruits then would be on the sunday right after passover. now the first fruits was interesting, because the first fruits was a barley first fruits. and i'll tell you what i mean. i'll give you a second handed farmer's eye view of first fruits, because i don't know anything about it. but anyway, the farmer looks at his field, all right. he wants to determine if he's got a good crop. now, he wants to know so he does what is commonly done by farmers, he examines the first fruits. he goes to sections, not the whole field, but a section there and there, he gets a section from every area of the field and pulls some of it out and he brings it all together and looks at it and if it all looks good, he says the whole crop is guaranteed to be good by the first fruits. and so this feast was for them to go gather the pieces of barley, which evidently matured soon and get the barley and examine it and therefore praise god for what god was going to do when he brought the full harvest. it was a good lesson for trust. but they were gathered the first fruits of barley and that would be the guarantee of a good crop. now my friends, that is a very, very accurate picture of the resurrection of jesus christ. jesus even said himself, "except a corn of wheat fallen to the ground and die, it abideth alone, but if it goes into the ground and dies, it comes forth and it really not only gives life to itself, but to others." it produces seed, produces fruit. jesus is the perfect fulfillment of the first fruits. in fact, listen to this, corinthians , paul said, "christ the first fruits of them that slept." you say what does that picture symbolize? it symbolizes that because christ's resurrection was valid and good so shall ours. did you get that? jesus said, "because i live," what, "ye shall live also." and the first fruits was a picture of the resurrection of christ that guarantees that our resurrection will occur. you see it? and do you know, jesus not only was crucified on the passover, he rose on the first fruits, perfectly fulfilling the prophecy. then friends, days later, leviticus :15and , 50days later exactly, there was another feast called the feast of harvest. this is the pentecost and it's celebrated the wheat harvest. and it was again a first fruits. the wheat crop was not yet fully done and what was done was this, they would go and they would gather the first fruits of wheat. they'd bring it together. only this time, they did something unique with it. they didn't just bring it as a sheaf. you know what a sheaf is? loose grain just tied together. they took it and they baked it in to two loaves. very specifically, they were baked into loaves. you say well, what does this predict? well, it's very interesting, but i believe it predicts just exactly what happened on pentecost. it has to, because that's what it...when it occurred. jesus christ died on the passover, he rose on the first fruits, and pentecost completed the pattern by making possible the enjoyment of these events. now let me show you what i mean. pentecost is another first fruits of the wheat harvest. now some day our lord is going to harvest believers, right, in the great coming of christ. and he's going to separate the wheat from the tares, right? now what your guarantee that you're going to be in that harvest? all right, his resurrection is one of the guarantees. let me give you another one. corinthians...corinthians chapter and ephesians chapter says this, "you have the earnest of the," what, "spirit." you know what the word earnest is? arabon, engagement ring, pledge, guarantee or first fruits. the spirit of god within you is the guarantee of your full final inheritance, right? god has given you his spirit now. would he withhold anything from you in the future? no. the spirit then is the earnest of our inheritance. we have the first fruits of our resurrection. in christ's resurrection we have the first fruits of our inheritance in the spirit dwelling in us. what happened on the day of pentecost? the spirit came and dwelled in them, right? perfectly fulfilling the type of the first fruits feast. so you see, this was exactly in god's timetable. then mark this one. they not only gathered the sheaf, but they made it into a loaf. what do you think that symbolizes? the church is not a loosely, gathered together group bound together by string. the church has been blended into one common body, right? a loaf. you see the feast of harvest is a perfect picture of the coming of the spirit as a guarantee of our full inheritance and the loaf is the picture of us being blended together. it's another wonderful picture because the first fruits of barley, the other feast that i mentioned that signified the resurrection. that was one that could have no leaven because it pictures christ and leaven means sin and christ had no sin. but the church pictured in the feast of harvest has leaven, because in the church there is sin. would you buy that? perfect picture. never misses one thing. exactly accurate. so beloved when the bible says when the day of pentecost was fully come it happened, that's exactly why it happened. it didn't happen because they did something. it happened because it was god's divine sovereign timetable had run it's course and this was the moment that it happened. so in god's perfect design since the early ages, the church was designed to be born at pentecost to fulfill typical prediction. the spirit was to come as the first fruits as the guarantee of our full inheritance as christ was the first fruits and guarantee of our resurrection. so the day was set by god. it was his sovereign timetable. and so when our pentecostal brothers and sisters in christ say in their creed which states this recorded every month in the pentecostal evangel and i quote. "we believe that the baptism of the holy spirit according to acts is given to believers who ask for it." they have totally missed the point. they have violated the prophetic word of god when they assume that or at least they have eliminated one of the most glorious fulfillments of prophecy that you'll ever find in scripture. jesus died at the right moment. he rose at the right moment. the spirit came at the right moment. all on god's timetable, not in response to any activity of men. and thus, the church was born as a first fruits fulfillment. just as jesus had risen as a first fruits fulfillment and died as a passover fulfillment. all right, so we know then why it happened on the day of pentecost. it was no accident and it was in no way related to what they did. it was the promise of the father purely apart from them. now it says also in verse , "and when the day of pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place." now we could talk about where this one place was. the best we can do is look at verse which says it was a house. some commentators have felt that it was the house of the lord, the temple. i don't feel that's correct, because luke when he wants to talk about the temple uses the word temple in , he says, "they were with one accord in the temple." if he said one accord in the temple there, he could easily have said, one accord in the temple here. but he says house. i believe that they were likely in this house, maybe this same one where they had the passover the night before jesus died. maybe in the same one where he appeared at his resurrection. the same one they went to when they returned from the ascension, but they were in the house i believe. and i believe contrary to what some say that all 120 at least were there, not just the . some have said that only the at this point received the baptism of the spirit. i think that would have left 108 people seriously wondering what was going on and it would have not been complete in accord with the baptism of the holy spirit in the sense of the birth of the church as it would have left some out. all right, notice they were all in one place. they were together. and then it happens, verse . "and suddenly there came a sound from heaven like a rushing mighty wind." notice it wasn't a wind, it was just a sound like a wind. but notice the word suddenly isn't that good? suddenly the church was born. suddenly the church was born with no forewarning really and i'm sure they didn't really expect what happened to happen even when it happened. they were just kind of in limbo waiting and suddenly it happened. it's a wonderful thing about the church. it suddenly happened and my bible says jesus said, "behold i come," what, "quickly." just as suddenly it's going to unhappen. the church is in and out suddenly. began with an instantaneous, unexpected, miraculous moment. it's going to end with an instantaneous, unexpected, miraculous moment, all on god's sovereign timetable. and god has as much right to determine the beginning of the church as he does to determine the end of it. and to say that either comes in the response of anybody's prayers really isn't understanding the sovereignty of god. now, you'll notice that this whole thing happens in a fantastic way, but there's a very interesting note. it says "and suddenly there came a sound from heaven." if anything is fantastic or supernatural we want to know the source, don't we? this is from heaven. that takes it out of the hands of man or satan. this is god acting. now notice that it was a sound from heaven, that it was like a rushing mighty wind. now the wind in scripture is often an emblem of the holy spirit is it not? john :, "the wind blows where it lists, you don't know where it goes, you can hear the sound of it, so is the spirit, so is everyone that is born of the spirit." the spirit of god moves about as a wind in scripture. and it's the same word, spirit is pneuma and that's the same word for breath or wind. but here there's a different word. "there came a sound from heaven like the rushing mighty wind." and the word translated wind is not the ordinary pneuma, but it's an interesting word used only one other place in the new testament. i think it's act , and it's the word pnoes, p-n-o-e-s if you're writing it down. and it means a blast of breath. it's not just a gentle breathing. it's a blowing just as if somebody was blasting breath. now remember this is not a real wind. there's no physical wind any more than there's physical fires we'll see in verse . but it's just the sound of it. this must have been fantastic phenomena. can you imagine? no motion in the air and yet the sound is if a hurricane is raging out of heaven, and no movement at all. just the noise of a hurricane without the wind. it suddenly happens. a great sound out of heaven as if the very blast of god's breath had reached the earth. and my friends, that's exactly what happened. who is the breath of god? the holy spirit. and god just blew his breath on the earth. the blast of breath came from god and at that point the spirit of god came to the earth. notice verse , "and it filled," where, "all the house where they were sitting." i believe everybody heard it. i think that's what gathered the crowd. we'll get to that next week in verse , but i believe it only filled the house where they were sitting. this beloved, mark it down, was the baptism of the holy spirit. did you get that? it's very important. this is the baptism of the holy spirit. the sound was heard all over and it began to gather the crowd. the crowd, but the presence of the breath of god filled only the house where they were sitting. they were completely enveloped, immersed, and baptized by the breath of god who is none other than the holy spirit. since that was the coming of the holy spirit, the breath of god, they were then truly at that moment baptized by the holy spirit. and i believe right there in verse , you have the fulfillment of chapter , verse , the baptism of the spirit takes place in verse . what you have in verse is subsequent and it is different. it is called the filling of the spirit. now let me add something and i want to talk about this for a moment because it's important. this baptism that occurs in verse is not experiential. the baptism of the holy spirit is often defined today as an experience. you get baptized and then certain things happen. in the bible the baptism of the holy spirit is non-experiential. that is it occurs on a divine level without any reaction. it's a sovereign act. for example, you were justified when you received christ. did you all of a sudden feel oh there goes justification? no, that's non-experiential. you were adopted into the family of god as a son. did you feel oh, there i went. i now am a son. no, that's non-experiential. you were so baptized into the body of christ which you neither experienced. it happened in a non-experiential sense. now what experience comes, comes in the filling of the spirit, which we'll see later. but it is a non-experiential thing. it came from heaven. they were just sitting there and it happened and so far there's no response. the spirit of god moved in among them and what did he say, what is the baptism of the spirit? and now we must turn to the apostle paul who was god's man to define this term. jesus said it will happen at pentecost. it did. you say, well, i thought it was the same as filling. it can't be. jesus knows what he's saying. jesus says in acts :, "you will be baptized with the spirit." and that must come first. paul defines the baptism as one thing and the filling is something else, so we must be distinct about them. so what occurs first in verse is the baptism of the holy spirit. let me show you what it is from paul's own words written by the holy spirit. corinthians chapter , and here is the definition of what happens at the baptism of the spirit. "for as the body is one and hath many members, and all the members of that one body being many are one body, so is christ." all right, now that's just giving us a little view of the body of christ. well, watch this. here's the definition of the baptism of the spirit. "for by one spirit," that's the same holy spirit, "were we all baptized into one body." now that's what the baptism of the spirit does. it takes a person at salvation and places him in the body, whether jew, greek, bond, or free. we've all been made a drink into one spirit. the baptism of the holy spirit is an act by god's holy spirit whereby he takes a believer and places him in the body of christ. it is non-experiential. you don't shout, you don't feel joy, you don't feel good as a result of the baptism of the spirit, that is a divine act on god's part whereby placing the spirit of god in your life you are then placed into christ, non-experiential. now let me show you some more about this because this is very important. galatians :27defines it further. if we're not clear, we can go to this verse and we read this. "for as many of you as have been baptized into christ have," what, shouted, had joy, run around, spoken in other languages, preached the word with boldness, done wonders and miracles, no. "as many of you as have been baptized into christ have put on christ." the baptism of the spirit then places you into union with christ in his body. now, this is a mystery. the body of christ is the collective unity of all saints of which christ is the head. when you believed in jesus christ, you were placed into that unity, that body. you became one with christ and one with every other believer, right? if you're in the body of christ, you're one with him. corinthians , "he that is that joined to the lord is one," what, "one spirit." when you became saved, paul says, "nevertheless i live yet," not i, but what, "christ lives in me." my life is not my own anymore, it's christ's. i am in him. i'm one with him. i'm joined to him. so when you believed in jesus christ at the very moment of your salvation, he placed you into the body in union with christ and every other believer. are we one with each other in christ? sure. how did we get there? that's what the baptism of the spirit is. now in case you want to look at another passage, look at romans . and keep in mind that there's no water around. these passages aren't talking about water baptism at all. this is theology at this point apart from the symbol of it, which is in the water baptism. romans , "what shall we say? shall we continue in sin that grace may abound?" the argument here was if grace is activated when we sin, let's sin a whole lot so grace can really go to town. "god forbid, how shall that have died to sin live any longer in it?" now watch this. "know ye not that as many of us as were baptized into jesus christ were baptized into his death." and then verse , implies into his resurrection as well. what is the baptism there? it's not baptized into water. it's baptized into christ. baptized simply means immerse you. sticks you into it. places you inside the body of christ in union with him and with every other believer. that's all it means. don't make a fetish out of the term. galatians , "if you've been baptized into christ, you have put on christ." you have been clothed with christ. you've become one with christ. so the baptism of the spirit friends, keep it clear, is the placing of a believer into the body of christ at salvation. now colossians :9and i take it a step further. "for in him dwelleth all the fullness of the godhead bodily and ye are complete in him who's the head of all principality and power." don't ever think you lack anything you don't. "in who also ye are circumcised with the circumcision made without hands," in other words, the jews were always saying that they were circumcised and that got them in. but theirs was only physical, ours is spiritual. "in putting off the body of the sins of the flesh through the circumcision of christ...by the circumcision of christ." verse , here it is, "buried with him in baptism in which also you are risen with him." the spirit takes a believer, baptizes him into the body, which is putting him in union with christ. when you're saved, you come into union with christ. you're buried with him in his death; you rise with him in his resurrection; by a divine miracle you're united with jesus christ. one other one that is very strategic. peter , then i'll summarize. "the like figure unto which even baptism doth also now save us." oh no. baptism saves us? that's what it says. you say, do you believe it? i believe it. then it says this. "but not the putting away of the filth of the flesh. not water baptism." what kind of baptism? spirit baptism. therefore, spirit baptism is tied intrinsically to what experience? salvation. when does it occur then? at salvation. the baptism of the spirit occurs at salvation. it is the placing of the believer into the body. it is another salvation term like justification which is god declaring us righteous. like adoption, which is god making us sons. it's the same kind of thing. it's a so soteriological term. that means it's a term for salvation. that's one for me, but it fits salvation. that's the point. the baptism of the spirit then has nothing to do with the experience of the believer. initially, it is simply the spirit placing him into the body. the filling of the spirit then is the experiential thing. and that's what resulted in all of the speaking and languages and all of the wonderful things that happened through the book of acts, and that's what results in the wonderful things that are still happening in the energy of the holy spirit right now. but please, don't confuse the baptism of the spirit or you destroy the whole point that paul is making about our unity in christ. for if somebody doesn't have the baptism of the spirit, they're not in the body. and if they're not in the body, they don't have the spirit. and if they don't have the spirit, they're not even saved. you've fouled up the whole theology if you make the baptism of the spirit an experiential thing that happens all the time. you can't. it's the placing of the believer into the body at the point of salvation. that's what it is. now i want you to know that so that you'll be able to understand your identity in christ. you're one with him. you're one with every other christian, that's what occurred in verse . when it says there came a sound from heaven like a rushing mighty wind we know that to be the breath of god, the holy spirit, filled the house where they were sitting. and if he filled that house, he filled them who were in it. and i believe at that point the baptism of the spirit took place. kind of an interesting play on words, if you take the idea that it filled all the house and carry it to ephesians . there's a new house there where all the believers are called the house or the habitation of the spirit. so he filled the physical house in acts :, but in the same moment, he filled the spiritual house and all believers became his new house. now, let me add another thought here, because i want you to understand this. the baptism of the spirit is also extremely important understood this way because if it isn't, then jesus' prayer in john goes unanswered, then you've got some real problems. you see, jesus prayed this four times, verse , , , . he said, "father, i pray that they be," what, "one." one, one, one. now my friends, this happened right here. this is the answer to jesus' prayer. when the spirit of god came, he made us one positionally. now we aren't always one practically are we? there's divisions and strife among us when we're carnal, but positionally are we one blended together? are we that common loaf? sure we are. we're not just a loosely gathered sheaf tied together with string. we are one in christ. inner dependent, mutually dependent on life from each other and the ministry of our gifts and fellowship. and so we must assume the baptism of the spirit to be that baptizing all believers into oneness or the prayer of jesus christ goes unanswered. now, notice another phenomenon that happened in verse accompanying the first. and this is all proof that the spirit came. verse , "and there appeared unto them," that is to those believers who had been baptized, immersed at that moment into the body of christ by the spirit, "appeared unto them, cloven or parted tongues as of fire." they weren't fire, they were as like fire. "and it sat upon each of them." now here's another interesting phenomenon. these parted tongues that appeared over everyone of them was testimony that with no exception, each of them had received the holy spirit. i'm going to add another theological point and if your theological file can still handle this, listen. at the baptism of the holy spirit, paul says, you are baptized into one body but, you are all individually made to drink of one spirit. so that the baptism that takes place at salvation when you're placed into the body, doesn't just put you into the body. it puts the spirit into you. now don't try to unscrew the unscrutible. just leave it at that. in other words, you are not only placed into the body of salvation, but the spirit came to dwell in you. true? and that's what he's showing right here. that he wanted them all to know that there was nobody left out of the baptism of the holy spirit. every single believer received the spirit of god on that occasion. and that is a permanent thing. jesus said, "he shall abide with you," how long, "forever." and that's the baptism of the holy spirit. when you go into the body, are you in there for a while? you're in there forever. you're in there forever. and when the spirit comes to dwell in you, is he in there for a while, he's in there forever. so you see the baptism has occurred. the parted tongues indicating that on each one of them without any exception. now some folks have misconstrued matthew :11to relate to this, because they take the tongues here, the tongues of fire and the baptizing to be a direct indication of matthew . let me show you what i think is the correct interpretation. matthew , "i indeed baptize you with water under repentance." john the baptist says. "but he who cometh after me is mightier than i who shoes i'm not worthy to bear. he shall baptize you with the holy spirit and with fire." people say yeah, and that's what happened at pentecost, the holy spirit and fire. no, it's not. the holy spirit happened at pentecost. the fire had nothing to do with those tongues that look like fire. you say why? because the fire is defined in verse . "who's fan is in his hand and he will thoroughly purge his floor and gather his wheat into the grainery, but he will burn up the chaff with unquenchable fire." that's the fire of eternal judgment friends. that's saying either you're baptized with the holy spirit or in the end with eternal judgment. that's what that's saying. that's not referring to the tongues of fire here. so we'll set that aside. but these apparent looking...evidently, they look like tongues and they look like fire. and you can use your own imagination to determine what was going on, but they were separated unto each individual. parted, not each tongue parted, but the total was parted into little pieces, each on a top of an individual. this was the visible manifestation of the descent of the spirit. you see, they had to know that something really happened. they didn't have the senses spiritually to comprehend it apart from seeing it and experiencing it and so they did. god gave them that. it's kind of like...you remember at the baptism of jesus christ the holy spirit descended to equip christ for his ministry and it says that he descended on christ in the form of what? of a dove. and so here you have again, a visible manifestation of the holy spirit. this time an apparent tongues shaped like a tongue and also looking like a flame, which is an obvious comparison. and so they are on each one. and that indicates that every believer at this point received the holy spirit. you say what about carnal christians? do they have the holy spirit? of course, that's paul's whole argument in corinthians. he says to them, "what don't you know your body's a temple of the holy spirit?" what are you doing acting like that. he doesn't say you have now lost the holy spirit. he says, you have him. that's why you shouldn't act like that. and just the fact that you have the holy spirit paul says depends on the fact that you were bought with a price. so what are we learning? all right, we're learning this. we're learning that we have been baptized at the moment of salvation. that this occurs here in this instant historically in verse and . in addition to that, we come to verse . now watch it, and we're just going to introduce this and then we're going to close. verse , "and," there's a conjunction adding an additional thing. "and, they were all filled with the holy spirit and began to speak with other languages as the spirit gave them utterance." now watch this. they have been placed in union with jesus christ already. they had been made one. the spirit had entered into them forever, but here he goes a step further and fills them for a reaction. and whenever you see the filling of the spirit, friends, it's always tied with something that happens after that. they were filled with the spirit and immediately they began to speak in other languages in the power of the holy spirit. don't confuse that with baptism. this passage teaches two distinct things. the holy spirit came on pentecost, first of all, to baptize believers into the body. secondly, to fill those believers for powerful testimony. and you will find no where in scripture any time that you're ever told to be baptized with the spirit. it never says to believers go get baptized with the spirit. seek the baptism, that happens at the moment of salvation. it's non-experiential. now, let me add this. i believe both occur at salvation at the same time. the filling of the spirit is something that happens repeatedly through your life. you'll be filled. it's a momentary thing for special ministries as you yield to the spirit. and i'll explain more about that, but the filling of the spirit can happen many, many times and should happen constantly in your life. the baptism happens once. you're placed into the body in union with christ the spirit comes to dwell within you. that takes care of that. from then on, it's a question of filling of the spirit. the difference is just as simple as the words of the apostle paul who doesn't say get baptized with the spirit. ephesians , he says, "be," what, "filled with the spirit." and it's a very interesting term in the greek, because it means, be being kept filled. now if you're going to be being kept filled, that's assuming that at one time you were filled. buy that? it has to be, because that's the meaning of the tense. which means that at the point of salvation, you were not only baptized into the body, but were filled with the spirit of god. do you remember when you were first saved, the joy that you experienced? the blessing, the love that kind of oozed out of you and the tremendous desire you had to share christ with somebody else except you were kind of ignorant and didn't really know what to say. why doesn't john call it first love? that feeling...and i don't there's...i think the filling of the spirit scripturally is...happens when you yield everything to the spirit and he just fills everything. and we...i suggest to you that you get the tape on the filling of the spirit. if you don't understand this concept. i don't have time to go into. that's an hour and a half itself. i'll spare you. but the filling of the spirit is that thing that happens daily, moment by moment as you yield and he fills you. if there's sin in your life, he can't fill it, right? because the law of expulsion says two things can't occupy the same space at the same time. the filling of the spirit is simply yielding, yielding, yielding. that happens again and again. paul says, "be being kept filled." keep on yielding and when you do that, there will be immediate results because that's an experiential thing. you'll speak to yourselves in songs, hymns, spiritual songs, you'll sing, make melody in your heart. you'll love your wife. wives you'll obey your husbands in the lord. children you'll obey your parents. fathers you won't provoke your kids. masters you'll treat your servants right. servants you'll work for a days wages. that has immediate results. and repeatedly occurs in a christian's life. you can be filled many times. you'll be baptized once at the point of salvation. that's connected with salvation. so the filling of the spirit then always has an immediate response. in filling things happen. let me show you. look at acts :. this is really exciting watch this. acts :, now peter was already filled with the spirit on the day of pentecost once. he was baptized in verse and . he was filled in verse , it's a distinct thing. then peter in verse , chapter , "filled with the holy spirit." you say peter's gotten filled again. that's right. it happens repeatedly. and what did he do? said unto them, "ye rulers of the people and elders of israel," and away he goes preaching again. anytime the filling comes, there's a response that's immediate. it may be joy, it may be love, it maybe the right relationship to people in the body, your wife, your husband, your mother, your dad, whoever. it may be the proclamation of the gospel. whatever the spirit designs to do when he fills you will be done. have you got that one? now look at verse . "and when they had prayed, the place was shaken where they were assembled together and they were filled with the holy spirit and," what, went home. no, they did what? "spoke to the world with boldness." anytime you get filled with the spirit it's immediate reaction. this is an experiential thing in terms of ministry. chapter , verse , "and the saying pleased the whole multitude and they chose stephen a man full of faith and full of the holy ghost." there's spirit filled stephen. now what kind of guy is spirit filled stephen going to be? he's just going to be the kind of guy that's liable to go out there and get himself killed for preaching the gospel. that's exactly what he did. verse , "and stephen full of faith and power." you notice that first he was full of the holy spirit and faith, now he's full of power and faith, which means that the holy spirit and power are synonymous. when you get filled with the holy spirit, you've got power. and he fired out the gospel as a result. chapter , verse nothing's changed. "but he being full of the holy spirit." there he is again. so stephen when he was full of the holy spirit preached such a powerful message that unbelievers stoned him to death. he became the first martyr. chapter , verse , "and ananias went his way and entered into the house and putting his hands on him said brother saul the lord even jesus that appeared unto thee in the way as thou camest hath sent me that thou mightest receive thy sight and be filled with the holy spirit." now look at verse . "and in three weeks in he preached christ and," what, "immediately response to the filling of the spirit." look at verse...chapter , verse . this is a good one. , "then tidings of these things came unto the ears of the church which was in jerusalem and they sent forth barnabas that he should go as far as antioch who when he came and had seen the grace of god was glad and exhorted them all. that with purpose of heart, they should cling to the lord." why did he do it? "for he was a righteous man and full of the holy spirit." that's why he went up there and preached like that. chapter gives you one more, verse , "and then saul who is called paul filled with the holy spirit set his eyes on him and said," and he took off after this guy elymas who was a sorcerer. and then verse , i love this. "and the disciples were filled with joy and with the holy spirit." see it happens over and over and over again. and what did they do? , "it came to pass and iconium, they went both together into the synagogue of the jews and so did," what, "spoke." well, i've taken you halfway through the book of acts. now do you understand what happens when the filling of the spirit occurs? that's not a non-experiential thing. that's not the same as putting you into the body. that's what fires you up to do the job that god wants you to do and be the person he wants you to be. the filling of the holy spirit, beloved, is so easy to understand. all it is that at any point in your life when you yield the control of your life to the power of the holy spirit, you're filled with the spirit. if you want more definition, as i said, get that tape and that'll help you. baptism then is positional, filling is practical. baptism grants the power, filling turns it on. no where in the new testament is a christian told to be baptized. i want to remind you that he's already in the body. that he's already possessing the holy spirit and he ought to act like it. and filled simply means total control, total yieldedness to the resident power of the spirit. that means no sin unconfessed. no self will. it's yielding to the holy spirit. and so we go back to acts and what do we see? "when the day of pentecost was fully come they were in one accord in one place." that's the sovereignty of god on the right day. fulfilled prophecy. god's sovereignly going to bring birth to his church. "and suddenly there came a sound from heaven like a rushing mighty wind that filled the house where they were sitting." at that moment they were baptized into the body. they become one. they are the fulfillment of the prayer of jesus in john . they were blended together in oneness. and to make sure they knew that nobody was missed, "there appeared unto them cloven tongues of fire and sat upon each of them that they might know that they were not only blended into one body," but they all possessed the same spirit. the spirit descending on everyone. and then having been baptized into the body and being possessed by the spirit of god, they were then filled with the spirit of god because they were so yielded. they were so of one accord waiting what would god would do and in this great moment so yielded the spirit filled them and then they began to do something. and what they began to do we'll see next time. let's pray. father, we thank you this morning for what we've learned in this hour and in our preparation. i thank you for what i've learned. father, we know that it's so important to you that we declare the whole counsel of god. that it's so important to you that we indeed teach the word of god with accuracy. and father, we would desire above all that we might teach it as you have written it word by word understanding what you're saying. father, i want to thank you right now that i have not missed the baptism of the spirit. but that i have been placed by the spirit in the body. i know that because i have a love that is supernatural for others in christ. and i know i'm one with jesus christ, for i know his life is in me. father, i have no doubts at all in my mind that i have the baptism of the holy spirit, nor do i about any other christian. for that father, occurs as a sovereign act that you perform in placing us into christ and into each other. but,o father, i know that from time to time my life is not filled with the spirit as sin comes in and i fail to yield control. god so many times i do those things that do not please you. and i know i grieve the spirit and i quench the spirit. father, i would ask above all things that you would point my sin out to me faithfully. send the spirit of conviction to show me at all times what is not right, that i may make it right that the spirit of god may fill me to the full that i may in power and boldness speak as i should speak and be as i should be. father, my prayer for these gathered here today, father is that first of all that they might know the baptism of the spirit. that is that no one would leave this place who is not a christian, who hasn't been placed into the body. and secondly, that we who know you would experience the filling of the spirit that with power may they speak the word with boldness. that we may know the great joy that they knew. that we may do those things that paul says singing and praising you and loving each other and serving each other and being the kind of people you want us to be. and we know that we have been filled. we were at salvation. it occurred at the same time simultaneously, we know that. for at that moment we were more yielded than perhaps any other moment. but,o father, may we be being kept filled. may it be the desire and prayer of our hearts to yield moment by moment one moment at a time to the power of the holy spirit. and lord, as we close our service this morning, may your spirit do his perfect work. we pray in jesus' name. amen.
__label__non_math	0.9998	october , alaska: the end of the cold war. ronald reagan was us president, communism in eastern europe was cracking and the ice had come in early. cindy lowry, a greenpeace representative in anchorage, read in a local paper that three young gray whales were stranded near america's northernmost city, barrow. it was the start of a story that years later has lowry portrayed by drew barrymore in big miracle, a hollywood film out on friday. lowry was with donny, her doberman, working on oil companies and overfishing. then the phone rang. could greenpeace lend an icebreaker to get the whales out? greenpeace never had an icebreaker. a biologist called to say the whales had little time left. lowry hit the phones. first she called the governer's office to ask where the coastguard icebreaker was. no interest. then she tried a senator, the state fisheries department and noaa, the national oceanic and atmospheric administration. she tried whalers and oil companies, the coastguard itself, then got through to general john schaeffer, adjutant general of the alaska national guard. a media friend had told her the us and russia had an agreement to help each other if their ships were in trouble. so she phoned moscow. her telephone manner must have been extraordinary. by the end of the day, lowry had the offer of an oil company barge, the us under-secretary for oceans had called from washington pledging help, and the russians were said to be interested. "it was getting pretty crazy. everyone was phoning me. but it didn't seem that strange at the time. i was just so focused on the mission," she says. thirty-six hours later she was on her way to barrow. "to start with there was just me, a biologist from noaa, and the oil companies," she says. an nbc crew with a helicopter took her to see the whales, about miles away . " they were trapped in two tiny holes cut in the ice and there was only just room for two of them to breathe. we could tell right away that the smaller one wasn't breathing that well. "the oil companies wanted to get barges to them, the i upiats native alaskans wanted to chainsaw the holes. every two or three days there was a new crisis. it was -20c and getting colder." the drama was told around the world as the nations worked together, with the usual hostilities between corporations and environmentalists, media and military suspended. by the end of week one, the ice was getting busy. the us air force diverted its largest cargo plane from japan to bring in an -tonne amphibious icebreaking tractor from prudhoe bay, then came not one, but two soviet ships, the icebreaker admiral makarov and a cargo ship, the arsenev. the i upiat called the little whale bone because its head had been rubbed raw as it tried to push through the ice. the best hope lay with the soviets clearing a channel, but the danger was that the ship would kill the whales. "it was one or two in the morning. we felt they were getting too close. the whales were getting frisky. i think they could start sensing open water, and they started swimming really fast from hole to hole," lowry says. the rescuers had set up a light for the admiral makarov to see the hole. "i thought i was going to say goodbye to the whales. i sat down by the hole on my own and one of the whales came up and spouted water. the freezing whale breath darkened my anorak. "it was pretty surreal. you're miles out and a soviet icebreaker is heading towards you like a skyscraper. i kneeled down on the ice and the whale rested its head just inches away from me and we had this most amazing eye contact." it was pure hollywood, but the film has developed the story. it now runs: "the incredible true story that united the world. a small town news reporter and an animal-loving volunteer, drew barrymore, are joined by rival world superpowers to save a family of majestic gray whales trapped by rapidly forming ice in the arctic circle." in the movie donny the doberman doesn't get a part, the whales are puppets and the love interest is strictly between humans. "there was no romance on the ice. it was a romance with me and the whale," says lowry, morphed into barrymore's "animal lover" rachel kramer. lowry, who today has her own organisation, oceans public trust initiative, follows other us environmental women activists including karen silkwood, erin brockovich and dian fossey in having her story told by hollywood. she is not over-worried about the fictionalising. "it's not a documentary. it's pretty much the same. i just hope the movie will make people aware. i hope in my lifetime that i will see the end of whaling. the reality is that the oceans which we return whales into these days are in much worse shape now than they were just years ago. the reality is that the oceans today are far more polluted than they were." the real life story had a bittersweet ending. three days after the whales were released a friend rang lowry to say the gray whales were in prince william sound, heading south. but real life is not hollywood: "the good news was two had survived. but bone, the little whale, hadn't made it."
__label__non_math	0.9954	government intelligence organisation gchq is to run an ad campaign in online games, including tom clancy's splinter cell double agent, to tempt web-savvy graduates to become spies. it is the first time government communications headquarters, which reports to the foreign secretary and works with mi5 and mi6, has run a campaign tapping into online gaming. gchq's recruitment campaign, which starts at the end of the month, is being run through microsoft-owned in-game advertising firm massive's network of online titles on pc and through xbox live. the ad, which runs with the strapline "careers in british intelligence", appears as a poster in scenes in real-time online games including electronic arts' need for speed carbon, ubisoft's tom clancy's rainbow six: vegas and splinter cell double agent, and activision's enemy territory: quake wars. a spokeswoman for gchq said there was a need to use innovative web-based forms of marketing to reach "an internet-savvy generation of graduate groups". "although press advertising still plays an important role it's now just one element of an integrated approach to recruitment that forward-thinking clients like gchq are spearheading," said kate clemens, the head of gchq's digital strategy at recruitment and communications specialist tmp worldwide. massive, which microsoft bought last year, is the creator of a network of game publishers and more than 100 titles to allow advertisers to run in-game advertising. gchq has a two pronged remit, covering signals intelligence and information assurance. signals intelligence provides information to support the government in areas such as national security, military operations and law enforcement. information assurance helps keep government communication and it systems safe from hackers and other threats. to contact the mediaguardian newsdesk email email or phone 020 . for all other inquiries please call the main guardian switchboard on 020 . if you are writing a comment for publication, please mark clearly "for publication".
__label__non_math	0.9926	it is the first time the "big six" energy companies will be required to send such information to their consumers, including how they can switch to a cheaper tariff. in a major speech on the future of green energy in the uk, clegg will also deliver a rebuke to his conservative coalition partners for suggesting britain need not show a leadership role in europe. he will also try to combat claims that action on climate change is an unaffordable luxury at a time of recession. clegg will argue that "lean times can be green times too". green campaigners have been on the back foot since the leak of an internal report for the prime minister into the cost of the coalition's green energy policies, claiming consumers could see 300 a year added to their bills. clegg will announce the big six energy companies edf, e.on, british gas, southern, scottish power and npower, which supply of british homes with energy will from autumn be required to write to customers every year to tell them their best tariff and how to get it. a million vulnerable customers, such as pensioners and those assisted by the warm home discount scheme, will be contacted twice a year. customers will also be offered the best tariff if their contract comes to an end and if they contact their supplier at any time to ask. it is claimed that currently seven out of people are not on the best available tariff, yet show little capacity to switch. in , of people did not change their tariff. consumer focus will welcome the measures, but warn one-off mail shots have to be part of a wider strategy to make energy firms regain customer trust. in his speech in canary wharf, clegg will also announce he is working with energy companies to put special barcodes on energy bills so that a smartphone will be able to get quotes and switch tariff or supplier in a matter of minutes. clegg will also acknowledge tough economic times have put some voters off green policies. he will say: "while sceptics say that it's all too difficult at a time of deep fiscal consolidation, and that economic uncertainty poses too many challenges, i say periods of economic reinvention force us to do things differently. i say that lean times can be green times too. "we are undergoing a profound transformation within our economy. and for the first time ever our economic and environmental mantras are exactly the same: waste not, want not. "whether it's waste of energy, waste of money, waste of our potential, we are focused on conserving our precious resources responsibility, sustainability are the watchwords of the day. and that creates a unique opportunity to put environmental thrift into the mainstream". he will admit more work has to be done to remove "the hassle factor" that put consumers off reducing their home energy consumption. he will point to the way b q is offering in conjunction with local councils to clear someone's loft while installing insulation, an offer that greatly increased willingness to take up the switch. he will also highlight the government's plan from the summer to trial a project with first utility and america's opower, where consumers are told how much energy similar households use in their locality. opower has reduced bills by in the us by showing consumers how neighbours are doing better than them. he will also insist the government had arranged the green deal, due to begin in the autumn, so that businesses and homeowners can introduce energy-saving home improvements at no cost upfront. "customers will have energy-saving measures installed in their homes by trusted suppliers, from high street brands to local traders. however, they will only begin paying for those improvements once they are complete. payment will be made through their bills over a period of time, and they shouldn't be out of pocket because their homes will be more energy efficient, allowing them to save on their energy bills each month," clegg will say. the government is already planning to give the energy regulator ofgem powers to direct the energy companies to compensate overcharged consumers.
__label__non_math	0.9631	ministers are to be given formal input into the annual appraisal of their civil servants affecting their grade and bonuses in a fresh drive to clarify the accountability of officials to the government. the move is designed to make civil servants realise they are answerable to democratically-elected politicians, according to the cabinet office minister, francis maude. maude said coalition ministers were enraged by the way some civil servants mounted passive resistance by declining to challenge government policy but refusing to implement it. he has described the practice as too widespread and a "sin against the holy ghost". maude is likely to argue the case for greater efficiency in whitehall by revealing that as much as 5bn has been saved, putting the government on course to achieve 20bn in savings over the parliament. last year the government secured .75bn in efficiency savings . relations between ministers and some civil servants are tense after publication last week of a civil service action paper in which maude demanded clearer lines of accountability within the executive. he is demanding that politicians should have powers not just to veto the appointment of a departmental permanent secretary, but to be involved in shortlisting candidates. he is said to be frustrated at the failure to replace gill rider as director general of civil service reform. the post has been empty since spring . maude has been encouraged to take a bolder line by private encouragement from labour former ministers who felt they faced tacit resistance to any ministerial decision that ran counter to departmental thinking. on involving ministers in the appraisal of civil servants, maude said: "if we are going to keep this notion that ministers are accountable, then we need to build on the accountability of civil servants to ministers, which is not as strong as it should be. "what we will enact is that when the appraisals are done for civil servants whose work ministers see, and for the civil servants who are running the projects and programmes for which ministers are accountable, then the input of ministers should be formally sought and taken in the appraisal of the civil servants." explaining the impact of the change, maude said: "people feel accountable to those people whose views make a difference to their future careers, and if the views of ministers are not being sought and in my own department they were not then there is not a very clear sense of where the accountability of civil servants seems to lie." he added that ministerial input "will be a formal requirement in the future". in opposition, maude advocated a small centre with few special advisers, consistent with the predominant conservative view that labour overpoliticised the civil service and ran too much from the centre, with targets and progress-chasing of departments. that view appears to have changed after two years in government. there appears to be a feeling among some ministers that civil servants have used the existence of the coalition to delay decisions. defending his call for ministers to be involved in appointing departmental heads, maude insisted his proposals did not threaten the political neutrality of the civil service. he said: "there are two ways in which you can go. one is that you can preserve in all its purity the model of ministers being accountable to parliament for their department. but it seems to me you cannot do that and at the same time deny ministers, to the extent the system currently endeavours to maintain, the ability to have any serious choice over the people who are responsible for delivering the performance of their department. "most decisions ministers make about personnel are not party political, it is about driving a programme through. you would be insane to seek a mediocre permanent secretary who you thought might be congenial politically, as opposed to a first-class deliverer as permanent secretary about whose politics you are unclear." the civil service action plan is being touted as the minimum set of reforms the coalition wants to introduce. maude announced last week that he was commissioning a private sector thinktank to research a "new relationship" between politicians and civil servants, including a study of how other countries, such as australia and new zealand, handle the relationship. in a sign of the tensions at the centre of government, it was agreed last week that richard heaton, currently first parliamentary counsel, would take on additional responsibilities as the part-time permanent secretary of the cabinet office. the appointment has not been announced, but has been referenced on the blog of the institute for government, the civil service thinktank. heaton's predecessor, ian watmore, formerly head of the efficiency and reform group, left after only a few months in the job. maude set out his frustration with passive resistance by whitehall in evidence to a lords committee inquiring into the accountability of civil servants. he said: "the thing for me that is absolutely fundamental in civil servants is that they should feel wholly uninhibited in challenging, advising and pushing back and then when a decision is made they should be wholly clear about implementing it. "for me the sin against the holy ghost is to not push back and then not do it that is what really enrages ministers, certainly in talking to ministers in the last government and in the current government. it is by no mean universal, but it is far more widespread than is desirable."
__label__non_math	1.0000	it's back tell us what you think by calling our skype voicemail or mail us at firstname.lastname post a message on the blog about this week's programme get our twitter feed for updates on the programme across the week join our facebook group join our flickr group
__label__non_math	0.9648	uyuni the phantom city a peaceful little town of about ,000 inhabitants located in the department of potos . uyuni would not appear on most tourist itineraries, one can scarcely feel indifferent to the atmosphere in the phantom city. large, deserted and dusty avenues are swept by gusts of icy wind from the altiplano. for those who may have underestimated the coldness of the climate uyuni is in the coldest area of bolivia, with temperatures up to c during the day but down to minus c at night if one feels bored in uyuni, take a walk to the train cemetery a few kilometers from the center of town. the path runs along an old railway through the middle of a plastic waste dump. there lie the carcasses of several tens of old steam locomotives and coaches from the last century, slowly decaying in the dust of the altiplano. well, you were bored... at least the exercise was good for you uyuni is the starting point for numerous expeditions to the salar and lagoons of sur lipez. the tourists arrive downtown during the day, gather in the few travel agencies distributed along the main street and arrange their excursion starting in the early morning of the following day. the majority of the travel agencies offer very similar services and prices for the two types of excursions: three or four days in sur lipez or one day in the salar of uyuni. it is recommended to clarify and negotiate certain details route, tariff, food, car, driver-guide, number of passengers... . it is a common sight to see wheel drive cars - badly maintained - broken down in the middle of the salty desert or paralyzed by a puncture on the rocky roads of sur lipez. small problems, but with the potential to ruin your holiday, so choose carefully... the choice of restaurants in uyuni is rather limited. the avenida hotel is the principal refuge for the night. it could never be described as a luxury hotel - be prepared to survive one night without heating and with a cold shower in the morning salar salt desert of uyuni the salar d'uyuni is the largest salt desert in the world, covering some ,000 square kilometers. it is located in the north-east of the department of potosi, in the lowest region of the altiplano approximately ,700m above sea level. the salt lies in a -metre thick surface over an area about 100 km in diameter. this vast immaculate extent is strewn with small islands of volcanic rocks covered with giant cacti impossible to date, some probably over a thousand years old . the most visited and most spectacular island is the fisher island isla de pescadores 80km from colchani. some interesting notes: history of the salar during its geological history since the end of the pleistocene , the bolivian altiplano had two large lakes: the lake ballivian to the north where the current titicaca lake stands and the lake minchin to the south. around ,000 years ago, the waters of lake minchin slowly evaporated, leaving a succession of lacustrine deposits and mineral sediments drained from the surrounding mountains. after millennia, the salars of uyuni and coipasa were formed with deep limestone layers covered with a crust of gypsum and halite salt at the surface. large measures of a highly sought-after and rare metal lithium were recently discovered in the southern part of the salar of uyuni at the level of the mouth of rio grande of lipez the sole source of fresh water in this salt plain . colchani: working salt in the village of colchani located 20km north of uyuni, lives a community of aymara indians who have been working salt for centuries. the dwellings are built with blocks of salt extracted from the salar of uyuni. however, these blocks are very vulnerable to rain. with rudimentary tools shovels and pickaxes the indians tirelessly extract large quantities of salt: five kilogram blocks are used for construction, for trade with the agricultural areas using the salt road in the direction of tarija , and for animal feed. the purest and whitest salt is harvested and piled up on the surface of the salar for culinary purposes after the addition of iodine .
__label__non_math	0.7714	lately i've been playing around with this mechanic even though it's never really vital. it's a lot more straightforward to just plan on brute forcing down each and every event, but nonetheless i've found this amusing lately. today i was in queensdale leveling a fresh sylvari warrior and champ boar and the wasp queen popped at the same time someone else started the boar event a few minutes earlier, not me . the queen made her way all the way over to the boar and did lots and lots of damage to it, and the boar in turn did lots of damage to her. this mechanic now. another application i found is luring the rotting oakheart to the ettins to the east. even though the ettins are non-vets, they will deal substantial damage if you get lots attacking the champ oakheart. a third application is some of those gimmicky change-into-some-other-form hearts where you have to fight in some awkward form instead of actually playing your character if it's not clear enough, i hate these . i lured one of those monsters over to a scale which regenerate , and the scale made short work of it for me while i watched :- . i would surmise mobs attacking each other function with different formulas, since the "power level" between say, a vet and a normal mob doesn't seem to be that huge between them, whereas as players there's a very obvious difference between norms vets champs. i would guess these cases are designed this way intentionally. -- the troll in queensdale is just a hop skip and a jump from a vet spider, next time i'm there i might try getting the spider in on the action instead of calling other players, just for shiggles. anyway i hate seeing people show up only for -of them to constantly get downed. in ac there is a troll that will sometimes spawn before the first boss. you can lure the boss down to the troll and the troll will kill the boss. as far as i know you can still do this i haven't done ac in months and there are lots of other things like this too. in wvw eb the speldon camp, you can lure a oakheart champ into the camp and it will take out the npcs guarding the camp. of course to me its easier to just solo the camp, but i've seen the oakheart pulled into the camp by people several times, guess they like the show.
__label__non_math	0.9990	a do-it-all condenser for the home studio. the perception 120 is a general-purpose condenser microphone. its " cardioid capsule delivers beautifully balanced response with excellent transients. it features akg's design and logo style, true condenser capsule technology, switchable db pre attenuation, and switchable bass-cut filter. the condenser is housed in a rugged die-cast chassis and dent-resistant stainless steel grille screen. in , akg launched perception microphones models 100 and 200 and it marked the beginning of a big success story. with perception, akg created a new series of microphones with legendary akg sound and quality at an outstanding price performance level. akg's perception mics are among the best wired condenser microphones at their price point. requires phantom power.
__label__non_math	0.9876	the amt 350 large diaphragm studio microphone is designed to record vocals and instruments on classic analog and the popular growing digital format. with a cardioid pattern, the 350 mic is designed to be used in front of guitar cabinets, acoustic guitars, vocals, and acoustic instruments. the amt 350 incorporates an element nearly an inch in diameter with a thickness of microns of gold on the diaphragm which gives it it's wide frequency range and stellar sensitivity. the amt 350 is engineered to capture the most natural sound from the source in a controlled setting and was after the most expensive european large diaphragm microphones with emphasis on the sonic quality instead of additional features. the 350 has transparent and high definition detail down to subtle sonic qualities. the 350 mic is in an affordable price range allowing one to purchase in pairs for stereo overhead use as well. it's ultra low noise level allows it to compete with any studio microphone on the market. comes complete with hard shell case and clip for mounting to a microphone stand. requires phantom power.
__label__non_math	1.0000	it made its creator world-famous and added a towering masterpiece to the standard repertoire: max bruch's first violin concerto in g minor. now it's appearing at last in an urtext edition from henle. bruch himself was not always overjoyed at his work's popularity: i can't listen to this concerto anymore, he once complained to his publisher simrock, do you suppose i've only written one concerto? by now the bruch concerto has found a permanent place in the world's concert halls. henle's edition provides not only a razor-sharp urtext for the solo part, but a preface that alone is worth the price of the volume: who could have guessed that the concerto went through a convoluted genesis with multi-layered revisions, and that some of the changes go back to the famous violinist joseph joachim?
__label__non_math	1.0000	one of the most famous club entertainment complexes in europe, the melkweg club dutch for milky way was founded in when a local theater group took over a old dairy building and transformed it into a concert venue and nightclub. the melkweg draws many of the hottest up and coming international touring acts, such as electric blues guitarist and singer ana popovic. popovic was raised in war-torn belgrade, in the former yugoslavia, now serbia. her father, a popular guitarist bassist in their home town of belgrade, introduced her to the blues through his extensive record collection and nightly jam sessions with his friends. she formed her first band at age nineteen and was soon performing outside her native serbia, opening for american blues icons like junior wells. with her srv-influenced rhythm sound, killer chops on both lead and slide guitar and her sultry voice, the serbian beauty soon became a fixture of the electric blues scene, playing major blues jazz rock festivals all over the world. after touring europe, popovic broke into the us when she played the memphis in may festival in . she received a nomination for best new blues artist at the w.c. handy awards. her album still making history spent weeks on the billboard blues chart. her most recent album, blind for love was produced by david z prince and mark dearnley ac dc, paul mccartney .
__label__non_math	0.9997	please review the following problem s : sorry, but the item you have requested is no longer in the system. if you would like to search for items you may use the search box above or you may go to our home page. if you are unable to resolve this problem, please contact customer support please include the entire error message in your report.
__label__non_math	1.0000	we offer businesses a chance to advertise on the largest hunting dog audience on the internet. advertising with us is a fraction of the cost normally associated with traditional advertising. kennels and trainers for breeders and trainers that want the most cost effective way to market to our audience our classified ad area offers an affordable alternative to newspaper ads. when you advertise with us you know you are reaching a targeted audience with a desire to learn more about training caring for hunting dogs and who have a proven track record of purchasing hunting dog related supplies. download our media kit
__label__non_math	1.0000	get ready for 1d in 3d the band announced the news live on the today show this morning november , where they were on hand to perform and celebrate the release of take me home. we re going to do our first ever movie, niall horan said, looking joyous and dazed at the biggest-ever today crowd. it s gonna be in 3d and it s coming to a theater near you on the 30th of august, the band are following in the steps of pop superstars like their pal justin bieber, miley cyrus, the jonas brothers, and katy perry. except we think one direction s 3d movie may wind up being bigger than the rest there are more band members to drool over, and it s already going to be a hit overseas since they re british except the lone, adorbs irishman niall avid and longtime directioners may remember reports back in may that the band were releasing a concert film, but their team was quick to quash those rumors. we re guessing that it s because the details and kinks weren t worked out yet. and if rumors are true, it won t be the only time we ll be seeing a certain one direction member on a silver screen. harry styles was rumored to be in talks to play none other than a young legendary rolling stones frontman mick jagger in a biopic about the band it s safe to say that we d be content to hibernate from now until august. but since we can t stupid responsibilities and the whole not being a kodiak bear thing , here are their performances from this morning to tide us all over who s your favorite member of one direction? are you excited for one direction s 3d movie? do you plan on seeing one direction s 3d movie when it comes out? tell us in the comments
__label__non_math	0.9998	the festival is entirely run by unpaid camra members who voluntarily give up their time during and in the run up to the event. the festival could not operate without this support. our team is on-site from monday 3th - sunday 9th june and would appreciate whatever help you can offer during that time, even if its just for a few hours. volunteers can expect to get involved in bar work, admissions, token sales, cider bar, foreign beers or stewarding, depending upon preference and experience. if you are a camra member then please consider giving up a little of your time to help out. no experience is necessary and the strong team ethos means that the work is extremely enjoyable. for more information, please contact our staffing officer from the contacts page you can also download a printable staffing form if you need to pass one along to someone who cannot sign up online. please use the online system whenever possible.
__label__non_math	0.9998	tuesday, gwinnett daily post with the arena football league on the verge of folding, the georgia force released a statement tuesday saying the team has ceased operations. 'we are disappointed at this outcome for afl fans, but there was no other viable choice,' force president dick sullivan said in the statement. 'despite significant efforts on the part of many afl and team representatives, the league was unable to create a new business model that we and others could support.' james guidry, the regional director of the afl players association, told the associated press on tuesday that it 'seems to be inevitable at this point' that the afl will soon announce that it has ceased operations. guidry, speaking by telephone, said the players association will accept the owners' decision. 'we're waiting to see if this decision has been finalized by the afl,' guidry said. the afl suspended play for the season, but some owners expressed hope that the league would return in some form in . david baker abruptly resigned as league commissioner two days before the arenabowl championship game. owners did not look for a replacement. the jon bon jovi-owned philadelphia soul, the last arenabowl champions, appear to have shut down. their web site only posts a simple message thanking fans for their support over the past five seasons. the philadelphia soul charitable foundation has been renamed the jon bon jovi soul foundation. bon jovi did not immediately return a request for comment. craig spencer, another co-owner, declined comment and hung up when asked about the future of the league.
__label__non_math	0.9961	fire ants can present a real problem for home owners. almost every yard in our area has fire ants. although they do not cause damage to the turf or other plant material, they can inflict painful stings. when their mounds are disturbed, the ants become aggressive and will attack anything that disturbs their mounds. an unsuspecting victim can be quickly covered with ants. the stings are usually just irritating and painful. however, some people are highly allergic and can become very ill with just one sting. fire ants were accidentally introduced into the united states from south america through the port of mobile, ala., in the 1930s and they arrived into georgia in the 1950s. at present, the ants are present in all counties except for some in the mountains. human activity has helped spread the ants through shipments of ant infested nursery stock, soil, sod or other such material. they do not do as well in colder climates, which have slowed their spread northward. states in the western part of the country are trying to control the spread of fire ants through inspections of incoming agricultural products from infested areas and quarantines. the total elimination of fire ants from an area is not feasible. however, temporary measures can be initiated to control fire ant infestations. but the controls must be used continuously or the ants will return. many situations exist that do not require the treatment of fire ants, like areas were little or no human activity occurs. however, in high traffic areas, such as lawns and garden areas, control of fire ants is a must. killing the queen is very important in controlling fire ants. the queen stays in the mound and continues to reproduce while other ants build the mound and forage for food to feed the colony. killing the foraging ants without killing the queen will not destroy the mound. there are basically three methods of treating fire ants. the first way is to broadcast fire ant bait such as amdro, logic, and several other brands on and around the mound while the ants are foraging. the ants think the bait is food when it actually is a poison. it goes down to the queen and gets rid of the colony over time. the second method is to treat the individual mounds with an insecticide drench, such as acephate, carbaryl sevin and several others. the mound drenches use a small amount of the active poison ingredient mixed with water and poured upon the mound. some times the "two step" method is used. the fire ants are treated with bait broadcasted into the area and then, seven days later, the mounds are drenched with the appropriate insecticide. a third method is broadcast applications of granular insecticides. the products are not baits. the products, such as fipronil over 'n out, chipco, topchoice , can reduce the fire ant population substantially over time. however, these products only work where they have been directly applied to. remember, when using chemical pesticides follow all label directions and safety precautions. one home method is to use boiling hot water. a couple of applications can kill a fire ant mound. however, each mound has to be treated individually and there is the risk of the applicator being scalded by the water. never use gasoline to try to burn mounds. besides the risk of setting yourself and the surrounding property on fire, the gasoline will kill the turf and can sterilize the soil. some "home made remedies" such as grits, are totally useless in controlling fire ants. fire ants are a big problem and will continue to be so. but they can be brought under controlled and should in areas of high usage due to their potential danger to human health. timothy daly is an agricultural and natural resource agent with the gwinnett county extension service. he can be reached at 678-377- or email
__label__non_math	0.9998	the sarah palin express may be gaining even more steam, at least within the republican party. another of her mama grizzlies, georgia s former secretary of state karen handel, on july emerged from obscurity in the polls to take the most votes in the gop general primary election for governor. the feisty handel now heads to an aug. runoff. she will face the more laid-back nathan deal, a former congressman who served many years in washington. deal switched from the democratic party to the republican after the election, when georgia s newt gingrich engineered his republican revolution that took control of the house. deal has enjoyed the support of leaders of the more socially conservative political organizations in the state, such as georgia right to life. he and handel have traded accusations, especially over abortion. each claims the other is more pro-abortion, and handel has been painted as being pro gay rights. but the mood in the ninth-most-populous state has little to do with social issues, as it might have during better economic times. georgia ballooned in population and prosperity especially from the late 1990s until the great recession struck. voters now understandably appear to be preoccupied with jobs and personal economic security. handel was chair of fulton county, home to atlanta, before getting elected as secretary of state in . she has a stellar republican resume. possible strikes against her and her candidacy are that she has been hit with an ethics complaint and that she never got the opportunity to earn a college degree. the latter is usually a deal-breaker in many states for aspiring statewide officeholders. but during the primary campaign, handel was on the receiving end of something stronger than a sheepskin from the most prestigious college. none other than sarah palin, the former governor of alaska and the reigning queen of the republican party, entered on her personal facebook page an endorsement of handel a week or so before election day in georgia. this wasn t the first time palin cast her blessing on a female candidate in a quirky way. in a race elsewhere that shall go unnamed, the woman who enjoyed an endorsement never got a verbal boost at all from palin. instead, the woman s campaign opened an envelope and found inside a substantial check from palin s political action committee. the candidate simply interpreted the money as an endorsement, and palin never said otherwise. deal, handel s gop runoff opponent, hasn t enjoyed such luck. this week the atlanta journal-constitution disclosed a subpoena from a federal grand jury. it was issued to georgia s revenue commissioner and asked for all documents and information related to a meeting a quite contentious meeting deal once had with the commissioner. the topic of discussion was a business relationship deal and a partner had with the state for many years. deal has not been named as a target of the investigation. nor has he been informed that he is in any way involved with the grand jury s inquiry. politically, that may not matter. one can imagine what campaign tv ads the handel team will produce in the last weeks leading up to the runoff that will utter the chilling words grand jury investigation. twelve years ago, i wrote a book called powerchicks: how women will dominate america. unluckily for me, i may have been a bit ahead of the times. but now, with women political nominees popping up everywhere, and with sarah palin wielding so much clout, the age of the powerchick finally may have arrived. should karen handel become the first woman nominated for governor in this, one of the states that has never elected one, she will face one daunting task. she will have to contend with the democratic gubernatorial nominee, former gov. roy barnes. he is a brilliant campaign strategist and a gifted orator. he may appeal to many independent voters who otherwise would vote for a republican nominee. barnes biggest woe is timing. in running for governor in , he is saddled with affiliation with the national democratic party and president barack obama. in combination, those two are woefully unpopular with most georgia voters. even so, barnes is a force the likes of which few political opponents ever face. if handel emerges as the gop s latest powerchick, she will have to be up to the task of fighting a political master. it could be quite a show. matt towery is author of the new book, paranoid nation: the real story of the fight for the presidency. he heads the polling and political information firm insideradvantage. to find out more about matthew towery, visit the creators syndicate website at
__label__non_math	0.9998	a friend and i were talking about all the worthy causes there are out there for us obsessive compulsive knitters. "you're not going to believe this," she said, "but some organization is looking for volunteers to knit sweaters for penguins." "why?" i asked. "with global warming and the ice caps melting why in the world would penguins need sweaters?" i did a google search on it and at least a dozen sites popped up. it turned out to have nothing to do with keeping the little creatures warm. it was about an oil spill in new zealand. the poor little birds were covered in oil and when they tried to preen themselves they ingested the toxic stuff. the sweaters keep them warm until they're well enough to be cleaned, and prevent them from nibbling at their feathers i'm sympathetic to the cause, but dang, yarn is expensive. couldn't they cut up used sweaters from a place like the lilburn co-op where sweaters are all a dollar? or what about st. vincent de paul's end of the season sale when you get all the sweaters you can cram into a shopping bag for ? last time i went there, my bag was half full and the lady at the counter said she felt guilty charging me for them and insisted i go back and fill it up. ok, so i gathered up the most outlandish ones i could find and gave them to sharon morrow, the drama teacher at parkview. i'm sure she found some use for them, but i could have restyled them for the penguins. what do they know about fashion? anyway, about that penguin project. when the call went out for sweaters, within a week they were flooded with them. their request for 100 sweaters brought in several thousand from all around the world. so in case this story tugs at your heartstrings and you're dying to knit a sweater for a penguin, the organizers are begging people to please not send anymore. at least not for the next oil spills. but, there are lots of other good causes out there. a few weeks ago the daily post featured crafts for a cause at cross pointe church in duluth, which knits, sews and crochets clothes and blankets for people all over the world. st. marguerite d'youville catholic church in lawrenceville collects handmade hats, scarves and mittens for charity. and tiny stitches volunteers can't keep up with the need for layettes for indigent babies all over north georgia, including gwinnett county. another worthy cause is chemo caps for kids which, sad to say, is always a need. of course, if what you really want to do more than anything in the world is knit for penguins, there is hope. some scientists are predicting an ice age in the near future. before you know it we may need to be knitting sweaters for all god's creatures. susan larson is a writer who lives in lilburn. email her at firstname.lastname
__label__non_math	0.9998	staff photo: jason braverman girl scouts kennedy watson, from left, leah royes and kaitlyn hamlette, of troop in snellville, draw signs to promote cookie sales. lemon-wedge cookies dusted with powdered sugar and filled with lemon zest flavor the shortbread cookie oatmeal cookies with peanut butter filling vanilla cookies covered in caramel and toasted coconut, then striped with chocolate cookie topped with peanut butter then completely covered in chocolate thin wafer covered in a peppermint chocolate on , founder juliette gordon low gathered girls to register the first troop of american girl guides. it was renamed girl scouts the following year. 1920s the first girl scout troops on foreign soil were established in china, mexico, saudi arabia and syria for american girls living in other countries. 1930s the first sale of commercially baked girl scout cookies took place. 1940s girls collected .million articles of clothing that were then shipped overseas to children and adult victims of war. 1950s the march issue of ebony magazine reported, girl scouts in the south are making steady progress toward breaking down racial taboos. 1960s the social unrest of the 1960s was reflected in organization actions and girl scout program change, including introduction in of four program age levels for girls: brownie, junior, cadette and senior girl scouts. 1970s girl scouts contributed to a white house conference on food, nutrition and health. 1980s the contemporary issues series was developed in the 1980s to help girls and their families deal with serious social issues. the first, tune in to well being, say no to drugs, was introduced in collaboration with a project initiated by first lady nancy reagan. 1990s girl scouting experienced a renewed emphasis on physical fitness with the inauguration of a health and fitness national service project in and the girlsports initiative in . 2000s grants from fortune 500 companies such as lucent technologies, intel and lockheed martin supported science and technology exploration programs for girls. girl scouts of the usa has declared the year of the girl: a celebration of girls, recognition of their leadership potential and a commitment to creating a coalition of like-minded organizations and individuals in support of balanced leadership in the workplace and in communities across the country. snellville -- it's that time of year. across gwinnett -- and the nation -- young girls dressed in green, brown, tan and blue vests are selling the famous girl scouts cookies by the boxes and they have a new cookie this year, the savannah smiles. haven't heard of it? it's the latest creation to celebrate the organization's 100th anniversary. the girls from troop no. in snellville, just like millions of other girls, are bound and determined to sell their cookies to anyone who will buy a box for .. "this is exciting to me because i started out as a girl scout with my sister in brooklyn, n.y.," troop co-leader qualena odom-royes said. "now being able to share it with leah my daughter and these other girls is exciting and wonderful." the troop worked on posters to advertise their confectionery sweets and set individual sales goals for . with much childhood exuberance, jocelyn spencer, , decided on ,000 boxes. "i'm going to get everyone in my family to sell cookies," she said. and she's not the only one aiming big. the other girls in the troop set goals in the hundreds. "i'm going to try to raise 400 because i really want all of the prizes," kennedy watson, , said. girl scout cookies in recipes try using girl scout cookies as part of fun recipes in addition to the usual cookies, girl scouts of the usa has introduced its latest creation, the savannah smiles, to commemorate its 100th year. these celebratory baked goods were created in honor of girl scouts founder juliette gordon low's hometown of savannah and are similar in taste to past customer favorites with bursts of lemon flavor. the cookie is shaped like a wedge, covered in powered sugar and filled with lemon crisps. "the savannah smiles is actually closer to the original cookies made for the girl scout sales. it was one of the first varieties out there," troop co-leader adrienne cole said. the cookie is such a new addition to the girl scouts, the troops and their leaders haven't gotten to taste-test the lemon flavored treat. "i really want to try the new cookie," kaitlyn hamlette, , said. "i like lemony stuff, so i really want to try it." ada hamlette of loganville, kaitlyn's mother added, "everyone is excited about the new cookie and they want to try them. they look like they'll be delicious." to boost the savannah smiles' sales, troop no. thought of a strategic marketing approach: give out free samples while selling boxes around the county. "i want to give a box of milk to everyone who eats a sample," spencer said. cole chimed in, "maybe we can get kroger to donate some milk." your hips may be mad that you bought the cookies, but your heart won't feel the same. all of the proceeds from girl scouts of greater atlanta's fundraising activities, including the cookie drive, stay in the council to serve the girls and volunteers in many ways. the money delivers programs to ,500 girl members in a -county territory, trains more than ,000 adult member volunteers, provides approximately ,000 in scholarships for higher education and so much more. the girls scouts of the usa haven't started selling their cookies online yet, but could in the next few years. the organization recommends never buying girl scout cookies on any sites, including amazon, ebay and other auction or community sites. there is no guarantee of freshness or authenticity. to keep up with a technological age, the organization is using its website to help buyers easily find troops to purchase from in the area. starting feb. , the public can use the cookie locator, a program set up to help locate girls selling in your neighborhood by entering your zip code. to use the locator, visit cookielocator.littlebrownie.com. to learn more about the girl scout's 100th anniversary and the savannah smiles, visit
__label__non_math	1.0000	adult volleyball camp postponed one week washington, dc - the gw volleyball adult volleyball camp originally scheduled for sunday, september 20th, has been postponed one week to sunday, september 27th. the all-day camp will run from a.m. to p.m. available spots are limited. please contact head coach jojit coronel at 202 994- to register. the camp will be held at gw's lerner health wellness center located at g street, nw.
__label__non_math	0.9999	, p.m. "nothing but union men:" a black and white workers alliance in industrializing chicago margaret garb, washington university commentators: peter cole, western illinois university and gregory wilson, university of illinois at chicago chicago s culinary alliance was a rare example of successful inter-racial labor organizing in 1890s chicago. the alliance, formed by sixteen german waiters on january , quickly expanded to include most of chicago s african american waiters, cooks and bartenders working in the oyster houses, lunch counters and hotels in the city s commercial center. the alliance s history demonstrates that an urban black proletariat was emerging even before the great migration, that african-american activists consciously linked struggles over working conditions to civil rights, and that the industrializing north profoundly shaped black politics in the twentieth century. for scholars, it suggests a new geography of post-reconstruction politics, highlighting the powerful impact of race on urban labor organizing and politics. following the discussion, a reception will be held in the gage gallery, where the following exhibit is on display: working-class eye of milton rogovin a one-of-a-kind, vintage photo exhibit that tells compelling stories about work and working-class people through the eyes of renowned photographer milton rogovin. the debut exhibit, the working-class eye of milton rogovin, features some striking images of workers from the living photographer s collection that have never been seen before by the public. all papers are pre-circulated electronically to those who plan to attend the seminar in person. for a copy of the paper, e-mail heather radke at email, or call 312-255-. please do not request a paper unless you plan to attend. co-sponsored by the history departments of northern illinois university, northwestern university, roosevelt university, the university of illinois at chicago, and university of illinois at urbana-champaign; the karla scherer center for the study of american culture at theuniversity of chicago; and labor: studies in working-class history of the americas scholl center for american history and culture w. walton st. send comments and questions to h-net webstaff. h-net reproduces announcements that have been submitted to us as a free service to the academic community. if you are interested in an announcement listed here, please contact the organizers or patrons directly. though we strive to provide accurate information, h-net cannot accept responsibility for the text of announcements appearing in this service. administration
__label__non_math	0.9786	release, wednesday, june residents in the merebank community located directly opposite the illovo sugar have been complaining repeatedly of serious air and noise pollution problems. serious odour complaints have been reported. the description of odours are that of a sour, yeasty, acidic smell. these smells are a daily occurrence together the following effects have been associated with the air pollution: . health effects: coughing, tightness in chest and burning eyes. . household effects: a blackish yellow residue on furniture, curtains also reported is that of noise emanating from the plant especially during the night causing extreme disturbances. the following noises have been noted: steam - loud engine sound, pump - gushing sound, hammer drilling sound. since february , residents have attempted to lodge complaints through illovo's toll-free number -400 , only to find that the number was invalid. thereafter attempts to lodge complaints were made via the security control room. however, responses to pollution complaints were never received by the community. on the 25th may , the south durban community environmental alliance, in offering support to the community, forwarded a letter to mr riddle, the general manager of illovo reporting our dismay on the disconnection of the toll-free complaints number without notice to the community. we requested that llovo sugar provide us with information regarding the disconnection of the toll-free line, the failure to report this to the community, the inability of the control room to deal with pollution complaints together with emission and noise reports and monitoring data. on the 26th may , we received a response from the factory manager, mr sandy turbaro, who confirmed that the toll-free number had been changed to -400 with notice to the community. however residents disagree saying they were never informed of this. mr tubaro's response to sdcea's request for information on the emission releases and noise pollution was that "no chemicals were used by the company". shocked at this statement, the sdcea requested that mr turbaro put this in writing to the sdcea. a follow up letter was sent to illovo sugar, noting our dissatisfaction with the lack of a proper response on the issue of noise and air pollution and our alarmed reaction to mr tubaro's denial of any chemicals being used on the plant. we are disturbed by indifferent manner in which illovo sugar handles serious pollution complaints and the lack of transparency of a senior management official. it is known that illovo sugar is emitting pollutants such as oxides of sulphur, nitrous oxides, carbon monoxide and other pollutants. yellow the leaves of plants, dissolve marble, eat away iron, steel. affect breathing: high concentrations, irritates upper respiratory tract at even lower concentrations when carried on particulates it appears able to do still greater harm by injuring lung tissue. contact person: michelle south durban community environmental alliance sdcea p.o. box c o gouritz cresent austerville drive, austerville tel-fax: 461-
__label__non_math	1.0000	caldav client for android phones for synchronising events. seamlessly integrates into the standard calendar app as a sync adapter and supports several accounts, with several calendars per account as well as calendar colours. carddav client for android smartphones. blends seamlessly into the standard contact application due to its implementation as sync adapter. also available as a free version, which doesn t synchronise all possible fields. to-do manager to organise composite and single tasks. reminds about pending tasks and allows prioritisation. uses xml, html and csv file formats. also available as versions for iphone, ipod touch and ipad. fast and secure download from the h manages notes, creates to-do lists, stores and catalogues texts, websites, emails and images and manages contents via drag drop. available as extended plus version version for iphone, ipad and ipod touch, as version for ipad and as android version. also available as a touch app for windows . cloud office package for self-employed and small businesses. includes exchange online, sharepoint online, lync online and ms-office professional plus. the included office web apps provide access to documents, email and calendar. supports mobile devices, links with social networks and team cooperation. personal database for contacts, appointments, tasks and notes for mac os x leopard. includes an interface to the mac os x and ical address book. requires detailed registration with the manufacturer. also available as a version for iphone, ipod touch and ipad from the itunes store.
__label__non_math	0.9999	allows you to play flash videos from youtube, google video, metacafe and many more. includes zoom and full-view functions, and can remember audio settings and video items so you can simply play them again. 3d software package that includes a media player and the ignition games driver for playing 2d 3d films and photos and 3d games. more information about the required codecs is on the manufacturer s website. plays data in the popular adobe flash video flv format as well as flv hd videos in h.264 format. other features include stepless scaling and the option to turn proportional scaling on or off. opens and saves locally available files as well as streaming from the internet, and offers a control capability via the windows command line. fast and secure download from the h enhances quicktime multimedia architecture which is contained in the free player. converts videos for ipod, iphone and apple tv, records films and allows the user to share them, and supports the h.264 video codec. mac- and windows-variants developer link are also available. simplified universal player encoder renderer is a universal converter for almost all well-known multimedia formats in batch mode. the program can play and store internet media streams that use different protocols mms, rtsp and http . alternative media library for the windows media center for managing, displaying and playing video files. integrates movie information downloaded automatically to fill existing films with as much information as possible. video player for hd material, camcorder recordings and dvb-t reception. file format support includes avi, divx, mkv, mts, mp4, mpg and xvid. will use multi-core processors. also available to purchase as an enhanced pro-version.
__label__non_math	0.8960	warning of vulnerability in symbian s60 according to an entry on the f-secure blog entry, a spanish hacker has found a way for applications on mobiles running symbian's s60 operating system to obtain access to all files on the device. the starting point was a pc connection to symbian's debugging interface. it has now, however, been made to work merely by installing an application in sisx format. in this respect, it resembles recent approaches to cracking the iphone. in contrast to normal s60 software, the hack can be installed on the phone despite not being signed. the sisx package contains a program which changes the privileges of all applications currently running on the device so that they can modify any files on the phone. operating systems modified in this way, however, need to be restarted before the user can launch any other applications. more detailed descriptions of the hack can be found at finestfones and symbian freak.
__label__non_math	0.9992	become a fan of h2g2 daniel boone, a legendary american frontiersman, was once quoted as saying, 'i ain't never been lost, but i may have been confused once or twice'. with all respect to mr boone - who was born in pennsylvania, incidentally - it's incredibly easy to get lost and confused in the forests and mountains of pennsylvania. in the course of the state's 300-plus year recorded history, many people have gotten lost and confused. and they've lost plenty of things while stumbling around in the pennsylvania woodlands - including a surprising amount of gold and silver. late in the 1690s, a group of french canadians, led by louis frontenac, departed new orleans and headed towards montreal. they sailed up the mississippi river to the ohio river turn-off. they then went up the ohio to the location of present-day pittsburgh and took the left fork up the allegheny river. on their rafts were kegs filled with gold coins destined for the royal governor of canada's treasury. upon reaching present-day potter county, pennsylvania, they started overland, but the heavy kegs of coins made the going slow. fearing an english or indian attack, they decided to bury the treasure just north of the location of present-day coudersport. they marked their cache of gold with a cross chipped onto a rock. seneca indians are said to have seen the cross on the rock, but left it alone because they feared the site had special mystical significance. in time, the marker wore off the stone and the indians were unable to remember where it was located. the frenchmen never returned for their gold and to this day it has never been found. the counterfeiter's gold then there's the story of cyrus cole who, in the early 1900s, lived by himself in a shack near the swamps outside eldred in mckean county, pennsylvania. cole was something of a bum, surviving by picking berries and trapping muskrats yet, strangely, he was never short of cash. the united states secret service had agents investigating an influx of counterfeit silver half dollars and gold coins in the area, but could never get any leads. then in , they got an anonymous tip that cole was the mastermind behind the counterfeiting ring. armed with a search warrant, the agents searched cole's shack and found some evidence, but not enough for a conviction. they searched the swamp for evidence of the minting equipment, but came up empty-handed. legend has it that cole buried his counterfeit coins and his real gold and silver profits somewhere on the high ground near eldred. none of it has ever been recovered. civil war gold in , during the american civil war1, a union army lieutenant was ordered to escort a wagon that had been fitted with a false base. this disguised compartment contained gold bars each weighing pounds. the wagon was to travel from wheeling, west virginia, north through pennsylvania and then south to washington, dc - the idea behind this route was to avoid any possible encounter with confederate forces. in the early stages of the journey, the lieutenant was sick with fever. during a fit of delirium, he blurted out the fact that the wagon contained a fortune in gold. after his fever broke, the expedition left st marys, pennsylvania, heading for driftwood where they were to build a raft and float down the susquehanna river to harrisburg. they never made it, vanishing somewhere in the forests of cameron and elk counties. two months later, the party's civilian guide stumbled into lock haven - miles east of st marys, the last known location of the convoy. army investigators interrogated the guide for days and heard that bandits ambushed the group, killing all the soldiers and taking the gold. the army did not believe this story. pinkerton2 detectives were hired to search the area, but all they found were some dead mules in the area of dent's run near present-day route in elk county. in the early 1870s, human skeletons which were believed to be those of the soldiers were found in the same area. the guide was drafted into the army and assigned to a fort in the west. a heavy drinker, when he was drunk he would claim to know where the gold was hidden. but when he sobered up, he disavowed all knowledge of the treasure's location. local rumour has it that during the past years the modern us army has sent several teams into the area around dent's run searching for the gold. despite these alleged ongoing searches, the gold has never been recovered. during the american civil war, confederate raiders captured a union convoy heading from west virginia to the philadelphia mint. the convoy's treasure - some tons of silver bars - was stolen and hidden inside a cave north of uniontown, pennsylvania. the rebels sealed the mouth of the cave and never returned for the booty. some say it's still out there waiting to be discovered. in , a spanish treasure ship sank off the bahamas. a hundred and thirty years later a british captain named 'blackbeard'found the treasure and recovered several tons of silver. blackbeard sailed into baltimore harbour intending to transfer the silver to a british warship for transport to london. fearing that the ship would be followed and attacked on the high seas, blackbeard sent the silver overland by wagon to canada where it would be loaded into a convoy of strong ships. by the time blackbeard reached renovo, pennsylvania, the war of had begun and blackbeard, fearing that the silver would fall into usa hands, buried the treasure in the mountains outside emporium in mckean county near present-day route 155. blackbeard never returned for the silver and rumour has it that it is still there today. robber lewis' lost booty david 'robber' lewis made a reputation for himself in the early 1800s, robbing the rich and giving to the poor. he was captured in and on his deathbed, he confessed to all his crimes and told his jailers of three caches of gold he had hidden in pennsylvania: one, containing ,000 in gold, is said to have been hidden in a small cave along the juniata river near lewistown, pennsylvania. lewis returned for the cache and couldn't find it because the river had flooded and washed away his trail markers. a second cache is purported to be buried along the conodoguinett creek near the caves he used as a hide-out. the third, reportedly containing ,000, is buried in the hills outside of bellefonte. during his last imprisonment, lewis is said to have taunted his jailers by telling them that he could see the cache from the jail. none of these caches have ever been recovered. cash at kinzua in the 1890s, a man robbed a bank in emporium, pennsylvania, making off with ,000 in cash. apparently, he got lost and wound up in the village of hazel hurst where he collapsed. not having a good day, our man died of 'exhaustion' a short time later, but not before confessing that he had buried the loot north-east of kushequa within sight of the kinzua railroad bridge. the money has never been recovered. the belsano train robbery on october, , a train carrying a safe containing a payroll of ,000 was robbed just outside the cambria county, pennsylvania town of belsano. during the course of the robbery, one of the men who was guarding the safe was shot and killed. police in several neighbouring states joined the manhunt for michelo bassi and anthony pezzi and the murderous duo were apprehended two weeks after the robbery in terre haute, indiana. each had a gun and ,000 in cash. the men were convicted of first degree murder and in february , they were executed in the state's electric chair. the safe and some of the money was never recovered. legend has it that it may be buried or hidden near the site of the robbery. the lost cave of silver somewhere in the allegheny national forest to the west of the town of tionesta, pennsylvania is a cave reputed to be full of silver. during the late 1700s, a white settler named hill got lost and sought shelter in a cave for the night. inside the cave he saw veins of silver running everywhere through the walls and ceiling. in the floor was a great pit filled with pure silver. when he managed to find his way home, he was unable to find his way back to the cave. hill's story was backed up by an early entrepreneur who traded liquor with the indigenous indians in exchange for furs and silver. when he asked them where they got all their silver, legend has it that they blindfolded him and took him to a cave matching the one described in hill's story. pure silver was found in indian burial grounds near irvine, warren county - approximately miles upstream from tionesta. however, the cave of silver has never been found. other lost treasures an aeroplane carrying a quarter-million dollars in cash crashed near mount carmel in . the money was thrown out of the plane just prior to the crash and was never found. bandit michael rizzalo stole a ,000 payroll in . he was said to have buried it in a tin box somewhere on laurel run mountain, just outside the town of wilkes-bare. the money is supposed to still be there today. in , a gang of tories5 hid in gold coins in the wernersville area. the loot was never recovered. a handy tip when visiting pennsylvania, don't forget to pack your metal detector.
__label__non_math	0.9999	healthcare medicalcompany: the jaypee group is a leading indian infrastructure conglomerate with a combined turnover in excess of rs. ,000 crore. the group already has presence in power, cement, infrastructure, real estate, hospitality, sports f1 , fertilizers, edible oil and education not-for-profit and is now planning to set a new benchmark in healthcare delivery. the jaypee medical centre would be the groups flagship multi-speciality tertiary care hospital, with over 500 beds located at noida delhi-ncr and shall subsequently up-grade to over a beds.job description details: qualification mpt bpt with relevant experience.date: jun 2012location: junior - executive, assistantrequired experience: to yearsjob application details: please apply in strict confidence at firstname.lastname or write to the human resources department, jaypee medical centre, sector - 128, noida expressway, noida-candidates who have applied earlier need not to apply again. stay tuned to fertilizer news blog for more news on jaypee medical centre
__label__non_math	0.9083	california state university, dominguez hills university of wisconsin, parkside latest update: faculty on the site. the story of o as a fairy tale essay responds to and was inspired by anderson's review: l.a. times book review by kenneth anderson, who "teaches law at american university": "the erotics of virtue", p. of book review section on . recently, in a piece on the christians and the lions we questioned the measurement, the definition of arrogance and hierarchy, with a view to looking at the special context evoked in the academy by the arrogance and "bullying" duncan kennedy's phrase of the academic hierarchy. anderson seems to have considered that possibility. first, his definition of a fairy tale comes close to that of louise bernikow in among women: he says: " t he fairy tale is not fundamentally a morality tale, in the sense of cautionary moral preachment, as "story of o" is not a morality tale. the fairy tale say, "the juniper tree" or even "hansel and gretel" is rather a nearly unmediated account, first, of the irremediable aggression and cruelty within human beings, brought squarely to the surface and, second, of the imperfection and indifference of the world itself, prior to its restructuring by categories of morality." this is a dismal picture of the stories we are wont to tell our children. but then some of the stories are pretty dismal, too. our reproach is attenuated by the fact that they are, after all, children's stories. bernikow points out how the stories were softened for the king's court from grimm's horrible accounts. chapter of among women kennedy relates this aspect of the fairy tale to o's objective of essentially denying autonomy, denying self responsibility in simply passively accepting the trials of violence in the hope that each trial will lead to such abysmal suffering and depths that she will no longer have to choose to consent to this abusive treatment; it will simply be imposed upon her, and she will be safe from responsibility. this is an interesting approach to why one might not flee such abuse, if what one seeks is refuge in the strength of another. this is the point at which kennedy brings in the concept of the "virtues associated with heirarchy: "mercy and forgiveness . . . virtues that cannot be conceptualized without reference to status and hierarchy, higher and lower . . . mercy is "bestowed" upon someone, higher to lower, as everyone knows. . .while in traditional societies those hierarchies are often permanent features of the social order--the king, the priests--in contemporary society, they are more typically ephemeral or at least formally unacknowledged, if not denied outright." and hence, cults, for those who seek them. the cult of sado-masichism, or any other cult which claims the hierarchical power to bestow mercy. more to come. . .
__label__non_math	0.9999	the office of human resources is responsible for the full-cycle recruitment and hiring of employees; new hire orientation; compensation and benefits administration; human resources policy development, communication and interpretation; support staff development; performance management, compliant resolution and grievance proceedings; employee relations; employee training and professional development; and legal compliance with all federal, state and local regulations. adjunct instructors needed adjuncts are part-time, temporary instructors hired on a semester basis, determined by the needs of each academic division area. the following divisions are accepting adjunct applications: - continuing education: hvac instructor for summer semester - health sciences: emergency medical technician emt instructor for fall semester - nursing: fundamental nursing practical nursing instructors for fall semester - technology computer studies: truck driving instructors for summer semester click adjunct instructors for a complete list of opportunities. please note that adjunct applications are continually accepted for all academic divisions. new to washington county? browse through the links below for information about local organizations, news, and events. news events
__label__non_math	0.9950	abstract: the xen hypervisor provides fast, secure, open-source virtualization that allows multiple operating system instances to run on a single physical machine. xen supports modified guest operating systems using a technique known as para-virtualization, and unmodified guests using hardware virtualization support on the latest intel vt enabled processors. xen offers near native performance for guest operating systems, and supports live migration of guests between servers with typical application impact of less than 100ms.this talk will have three parts: in the first part, i will discuss the origins, architecture and current status of the xen hypervisor. in the second part, i will focus on xen's io subsystem: the split driver architecture, driver domains and hardware access from multiple virtual machines. the third part will be dedicated to iommus: both software mechanisms xen's grant tables and linux's swiotlb and hardware iommus. slides in pdf back to the club's homepage
__label__non_math	0.9999	haiku deck is free and available now for ipad and ipad mini. enter your email, and we'll send you a link so you can install it on your ipad. where would you like to use haiku deck? everything we do, we do for you. send us a tweet to keep us going if you host your own wordpress blog, paste this code into the body of your post. make sure the url appears on its own line. learn more about embedding in wordpress here... copy the source code to your site: download an adobe acrobat pdf copy of your haiku deck learn how to export your haiku deck as a powerpoint file
__label__non_math	0.7046	shopping cart account naturals 20x bronzer tan maximizer super dark tanning maximizer get the deepest, darkest tan possible with hempz naturals 20x bronzer tan maximizer. features a super-dark bronzing blend that continues to darken skin after uv exposure. the vegan formula is also paraben-free, gluten-free and includes pure organic hemp seed oil to keep skin hydrated, nourished and conditioned during tanning. water, cetyl alcohol, capprylic capric, triglyceride, helianthus annuus sunflower seed oil, glycol stearate, methylheptyl isotearate, stearyl alcohol, butyrospermum parkii shea butter, fragance, glycerin, cannabis sativa seed oil, dhydroxyacetone, dimethicone, caramel, aleurites moluccana seed extract, juglans nigra black walnut shell extarct, lawsonia inemis henna leaf extract, daucus carota sativa carrot root extract, daucus carota sativa carrot seed oil, prunus armeniaca apricot kernel oil, aloe barbadensis leaf extract, camellia sinensis leaf extract, punica granatum extract, acetyl tyrosine, polyglyceryl-decaoleate, propanediol, benzyl alcohol, cetearyl alcohol, hydroxypropyl starch phosphate, polysorbate , cetearyl olicate, soduium benzoate, sorbitan olivate, glycolic acid, tocopheryl acetate, o-cymen--ol, dehydroacetic acid, panthenol, butylene glycol, hydrolyzed vegetable protein, limonene, hydrolyzed algin, linalool, adenosine triphosphate, magnesium sulfate, manganese sulfate, ascorbic acid, retinyl palmitate, riboflavin, beta glucan, glucose, mannose, sodium hydronate bcc12-base.
__label__non_math	0.9999	the un working group on business and human rights held its first forum on december and in geneva. the halifax initiative spoke at the forum on a panel concerning public financial institutions and human rights. eca-watch, ciel and banktrack disseminated the attached document at the forum containing analysis and recommendations regarding financial institutons and human rights. statement by the halifax initiative, the latin american observatory of environmental conflicts and miningwatch canada concerning barrick gold's disasterous second quarter results and its 'star' project, pascua lama. article prepared for the 'global capital, global rights' workshop convened by sfu and ubc. the text discusses civil society efforts in support of bill c-300, legislation that sought to create accountability mechanisms regarding the provision of government support to canadian extractive companies that operate overseas. statement by the latin american observatory of environmental conflicts concerning barrick gold's failure to secure financing from export development canada and the u.s. export-import bank for its pascua lama project on the border between chile and argentina. in this letter to export development canada and the u.s. export-import bank, chilean and argentine organizations express harsh criticisms regarding the public agencies' due diligence processes concerning barrick gold's application for support for pascua lama. on , the canadian government's centre for excellence in corporate social responsibilty held a workshop with john ruggie entitled, 'implications of the guiding principles for the implementation of the un framework for csr in the canadian extratcive sector.' the halifax initiative participated on behalf of the canadian network on corporate accountability as the civil society respondent to mr. ruggie. canadian mining interests in countries around the world are valued at tens of billions of dollars. karyn keenan looks at efforts by local communities to hold mining companies to account for human rights abuses. 'the issue of access to remedy for the victims of corporate abuse requires urgent attention,' she writes. keenan describes recent efforts by non-nationals who are affected by canadian mining companies to seek redress through the canadian justice system.
__label__non_math	0.9999	made from durable, waterproof teak and stainless steel, this is the shower organizer that provides reliable, space-efficient storage. teak's natural oils and dense, tight grain create an impervious barrier to moisture, ensuring the four shelves will never warp nor rot or serve as a breeding ground to mold and bacteria. the powder-coated stainless steel legs provide stability and will not rust. the shelves' slatted construction allows water to drain freely and the stainless steel shelf rails keep shampoo bottles upright. the organizer's right-angled triangular design allows out-of-the-way set up in the corner of a shower and the four shelves provide ample storage for up to containers of shampoo, conditioner, and liquid soap. one of the organizer's feet adjusts for uneven floors and rubber caps protect shower surfaces. " h x " w x " d. lbs. the teak and stainless steel shower organizer comes with the hammacher schlemmer lifetime guarantee at no additional charge. if this product ever disappoints you, for any reason, you may return your hammacher schlemmer purchase for exchange, credit, or refund. should you have any questions, we are available hours a day, seven days a week. please call -800-321- to speak with a product specialist or email us at email to receive a response within one hour.
__label__non_math	0.9996	these are the gloves reminiscent of the original a-9a winter flying gauntlets worn by usaaf gunners during world war ii. provided to the u.s. army between and , the a-9a was issued to crew members charged with defending bombers, such as the iconic b-, from attacking fighter aircraft. the gloves' separate trigger fingers and plush interiors provided gunners dexterity and warmth at high altitudes while manning the famed browning machine gun. made with vegetable-tanned merino sheepskin, these gloves' shearling interiors keep hands swaddled in luxurious warmth; the collars can be pulled down to cover the wrists. the separate forefingers offer nimble movement in cold weather without compromising warmth, unlike mittens that can't grasp objects or fully fingered gloves that release body heat. enhanced for modern wear, the hidden seams provide a modern, slim look. made in the u.s. sizes s, m, l, xxl. oz. how to determine your glove size to ensure a proper fit in our gloves, we encourage you to measure your hand to determine your glove size. how to measure your hand - hold your hand flat, palm side down. - wrap a measuring tape tightly around your hand, making sure to measure the widest part of your knuckle area, all the way around your palm and back. - make a fist with the measuring tape in-hand, making sure it is still over the top of your knuckles. - the resulting measurement in inches is your hand size. if in-between sizes, order the next size up. the flying fortress gunner's gloves come with the hammacher schlemmer lifetime guarantee at no additional charge. if this product ever disappoints you, for any reason, you may return you hammacher schlemmer purchase for exchange, credit, or refund. should you have any questions, we are available hours a day, seven days a week. please call -800-321- to speak with a product specialist or email us at firstname.lastname to receive a response within one hour.
__label__non_math	0.9998	by alan madeleine this week, crime log is once again a compilation of some of the more newsworthy events taken from the hamtramck police department s intelligence reports, as they have made them available to us for between the dates of thursday, june , and wednesday, june . from thursday, june : from p.m. wednesday night a woman living in the block of caniff reported that someone gained entry into her apartment, and then stole unspecified property from inside. a woman reported that she was assaulted by her ex-boyfriend. he fled prior to police arrival, but then returned while police were still present, and was then arrested. a man was arrested for drunk driving, as well as for a ccw violation and possession of drug paraphernalia during a traffic stop at jos. campau faber. his car was impounded, and additionally his dog had to be brought to the station for safekeeping. at a.m., a hamtramck fireman was assaulted by someone who ultimately had to be taken to detroit receiving hospital for committal. at a.m., officers placed two persons under arrest, after apprehending them in a vehicle that had been stolen during a home invasion in madison heights. from friday, june : a woman was arrested for obstructing officers and being disorderly after she was found causing a disturbance at a location in the block of danforth, and then refused to leave. a woman reported having cash and her social security card stolen from her apartment in the block of grand haven. a man was arrested by officers investigating suspected gang activity, after it was determined that he possessed a concealed handgun. a man was arrested in the block of lehman after he assaulted his roommate. from saturday, june : officers responding to an alarm at a building in the block of denton found a rear window broken out, and entry apparently made through the same. no other information followed as to what was done about the situation. at a.m., an employee of a school in the block of charest reported that someone had broken in overnight, between p.m. on the previous evening and a.m. on this date, and stolen four apple i-mac computers. a man living in the block of evaline reported that someone stole his gray push-mower sometime over the past three days. a woman living in the block of jos. campau reported that a neighbor assaulted her with a bar-b-q utensil. from sunday, june : from saturday evening at p.m., a resident living in the block of fleming reported being robbed. no further details given. a man was arrested for disorderly conduct at jos. campau and casmere. a man was arrested for assaulting his wife at their home in the block of lumpkin. a detroit resident was arrested for obstructing the officers while they were performing a traffic stop. he was warned repeatedly to move away from the area, but did not. officers took a report of a black female, by name, who was observed slashing the tires of a ford van in front of a location in the block of hewitt at about p.m. an agent for a shoe repair shop in the block of caniff reported that a former tenant assaulted him with a plastic bottle. a man was arrested near carpenter and st. aubin, after an officer observed him riding recklessly on a mini-bike, because had never obtained a driver s license, and he also had a 3rd circuit court drug warrant out on him. a person living on mitchell was cited for leaving the scene of an accident that had earlier occurred at holbrook and mcdougall at around p.m. from monday, june : from late sunday a man was arrested for domestic violence. at a.m., officers responded to a break-in at an academy in the block of denton. no further information on what they found. a detroit resident was arrested during an investigation of a domestic violence complaint in the block of edwin. an employee of the hamtramck housing commission reported being harassed by the father of a child who had previously been removed from the summer youth program. a juvenile male was arrested for assaulting another juvenile near gallagher and yemans at a little after p.m. from tuesday, june : right at midnight, a woman reported that her boyfriend broke out her car window, and then struck her in the face with a 2x4. he then fled. officers had to shoot dead a stray pitbull dog after it charged at them while they were trying to catch it, after it had terrorized a homeowner in the block of trowbridge. a woman living in the block of yemans reported the theft of her passport, green card, some jewelry, and some cash by her estranged husband. a resident living in the block of faber reported the theft of two mongoose bmx bicycles at p.m. one bike was black, with no other graphics, and the other one was blue and black, and had the phrase outer limits on it. a man living in the block of trowbridge reported that an ex-girlfriend had broken into his house and then stolen his pit bull dog. a woman living in the block of lumpkin reported the theft of two bicycles from her front porch, sometime on this date between a.m. and a.m. from wednesday, june : a woman was arrested after her boyfriend reported that she assaulted him at his home in the block of trowbridge. a juvenile male was arrested and transported to the wayne county youth home after his mother reported that he assaulted her at their home in the block of yemans. four juveniles were arrested for curfew violations by officers investigating a malicious destruction of property complaint on roosevelt near gallagher. a man was arrested after he assaulted his girlfriend with a handgun. no location given. just before p.m., a woman living in the block of poland had a necklace torn off her neck and her iphone taken by two black males, one tall and about years old, the other one years old and with lighter skin. in addition, officers made these arrests following traffic stops: two for being presented with fraudulent auto insurance, two for driving on suspended licenses, one for possession of an illegal substance with intent to distribute, one for possession of narcotics paraphernalia, and four on various warrants; they investigated five car crashes, plus one crash involving property damage and one involving a pedestrian, as well as a case of child abuse; took reports of four incidents of property damage, two of theft, one of a person being stalked, two of missing minors one of which was resolved by the family , and one of a stolen vehicle being recovered in detroit; and also transported one person for committal, logged one incident of found property, and notified dpw of one incident of unauthorized dumping and one case of a broken window on an empty home.
__label__non_math	0.9999	walkable streets: jeong-dong and daehangno , source, this is the 8th in a series of articles highlighting tourism spots in seoul. the useful guide for planning weekend trips in the capital city will help readers rediscover seoul. - ed. the new year has come. a stroll through downtown seoul as the year of the ox begins will leave a lasting impressio,...more subscribe to hancinema pure to remove ads not for episodes for us .per month you can cancel anytime . the first step is to sign up as a member, please click here : sign up, then a subscribe button will show.
__label__non_math	0.9769	prismacolor premier colored pencils 150 pkg - sanford-prismacolor: colored pencil set. these artist quality colored pencils offer high-quality pigments for rich color saturation. the soft yet thick core creates a smooth color laydown for superior blending and shading while resisting breakage. this package contains 150 colored pencils in sturdy storage case that folds open to display the pencils while in use. imported. regular price:.per ea
__label__non_math	1.0000	baltic birch plaque - contemporary ."x13" mpi-unfinished wood plaques. it's time to let your creativity run wild regular price: .per ea
__label__non_math	1.0000	hansel toyota in petaluma, ca - new toyota used car dealer welcome to hansel toyota dealership's new and used car sales website. here you'll find all the information you need to make an informed purchase of a new toyota or used car at our petaluma car dealership. if you're looking for a toyota in petaluma serving vallejo, stop by hansel toyota where you'll get our best prices and service in the area looking for a used car in petaluma that exceeds your expectations? hansel toyota will find you the perfect well maintained used car. with a huge inventory of high quality vehicles, we are certain that we can locate a used car that suits your taste. serving our greater petaluma, vallejo and napa area, our used car inventory has vehicles by many of today's top automakers. if you have not been able to locate a specific new or used car in petaluma we are at your assistance. complete our no obligation carfinder form and we will notify you when the vehicle arrives at our petaluma area new and used toyota dealership. hansel toyota in petaluma - toyota dealer serving the napa, sonoma, santa rosa, vallejo novato areas looking for a car loan or toyota lease in petaluma? come speak to the experts at hansel toyota. by working with lenders and understanding your needs, we can create customized car loan and toyota lease programs suited to your situation. our toyota finance department can adjust variables to make sure your car loan will fit your lifestyle. the term can be extended to lower monthly auto loan payments or you can pay a little more to shorten the duration of your car loan. call us at 877 398- or stop by to speak to a financial representative. visit hansel toyota for all your automotive service needs, like car repair and auto parts, and know you're getting the help you deserve from industry experts. we provide the petaluma region with toyota car repairs done to factory specifications to ensure your vehicle is always performing at its best. we also keep a wide selection of original toyota auto parts and car accessories for quick order fulfillment. if we don't have your auto part in stock we can acquire it quickly. we hope to have the opportunity to meet you soon at our greater petaluma toyota dealership. we proudly serve the communities of napa, sonoma and santa rosa, california. our helpful staff is always available to answer any question you may have about purchasing a new or used car, financing, car repair or auro parts. call hansel toyota today at 877 398- or stop by our dealership located at auto center drive. get directions to our toyota dealer serving the napa novato areas, we look forward to your visit.
__label__non_math	1.0000	a humane society of the united states hsus follow-up investigation has found that petland stores are still supporting puppy mills, including some of the largest and most notorious in the country. the documented problems of puppy mills include: overbreeding, inbreeding, minimal veterinary care, poor quality of food and shelter, lack of human socialization, overcrowded cages and the killing of unwanted animals. the new intensive study analyzed thousands of pages of public interstate health documents in multiple states, revealing that almost every petland store in the country is buying from puppy mills, either directly from commercial breeding facilities or indirectly through middleman brokers. the new investigation of petland s puppy sources also traced shipments of puppies from out of state brokers to more than percent of petland s domestic stores, revealing once again that the chain is supporting puppy mills. more than stores were linked directly to the hunte corporation alone, a massive missouri broker that resells about ,000 puppies a year and has documented animal welfare act violations. if you want to know where your local petland stores get their puppies, find out here. to learn more about hsus s investigation and what you can do, visit hsus stop puppy mills. to stop petland from profiting on the suffering of dogs, don t shop there.
__label__non_math	1.0000	save on air tools air tool fittings when it comes to durability and performance, air tools are the clear choice as they have fewer moving parts and they don t require electricity or batteries to run on, and are powered by compressed air instead. air tools generate more power than their electrical counterparts and provide the benefit of full torque at just the push of a button. from impact wrenches and air grinders, to pneumatic hoses and air tool fittings, we offer discount prices on all kinds of air tools including our famous central pneumatic tools. find the perfect air tools for your projects at harbor freight. harbor freight does not endorse any other business or organization or any technique in any customer video. always follow all of the instructions and warnings included with our products. harbor freight makes no representation or warranty of any kind by including this video on its website. lifetime warranty lifetime warranty on hand tools about harbor freight tools at harbor freight tools you'll find one of the largest selections of brand-name discount tools, including hand tools, power tools...anything that fits into your tool box, and bigger equipment too
__label__non_math	0.9999	harbor freight does not endorse any other business or organization or any technique in any customer video. always follow all of the instructions and warnings included with our products. harbor freight makes no representation or warranty of any kind by including this video on its website. lifetime warranty lifetime warranty on hand tools about harbor freight tools at harbor freight tools you'll find one of the largest selections of brand-name discount tools, including hand tools, power tools...anything that fits into your tool box, and bigger equipment too
__label__non_math	0.6866	organizing tools can be real hassle: with so many different wrenches, screwdrivers, hammers and other tools serving so many purposes, it can be hard to set up a system for categorizing them. however, proper tool storage makes this process much easier. objects such as tool chests and cabinets contain a number of drawers in which one can organize and place their tools. or one could use a tool cart which allows more mobility with heavier equipment. all of these serve the same purpose but allow options for those looking for a specific size or style of container for tool storage. find your tool storage solution at harbor freight. harbor freight does not endorse any other business or organization or any technique in any customer video. always follow all of the instructions and warnings included with our products. harbor freight makes no representation or warranty of any kind by including this video on its website. lifetime warranty lifetime warranty on hand tools about harbor freight tools at harbor freight tools you'll find one of the largest selections of brand-name discount tools, including hand tools, power tools...anything that fits into your tool box, and bigger equipment too
__label__non_math	0.9999	protect your materials with heavy duty tarps from harbor freight tools. tarps are useful around the house, at the worksite or when even camping. whether you need a small tarp to put under your tent or a large, commercial grade tarp for covering farm equipment, we have what you need. choose from a variety of sizes and colors. reflective tarps keep the materials underneath it cool and camouflage designs blend into the surroundings to conceal equipment or work as a hunting blind. with the great prices you ll find at harbor freight tools, you can stock up on heavy duty tarps today. harbor freight does not endorse any other business or organization or any technique in any customer video. always follow all of the instructions and warnings included with our products. harbor freight makes no representation or warranty of any kind by including this video on its website. lifetime warranty lifetime warranty on hand tools about harbor freight tools at harbor freight tools you'll find one of the largest selections of brand-name discount tools, including hand tools, power tools...anything that fits into your tool box, and bigger equipment too
__label__non_math	0.9998	save on quality sanders at harbor freight tools today. a wood or metal work project simply can't be completed without some level of refining that comes from sanding. for items that will be used for practical purposes, sanders are necessary to make fast work of a tough job. we offer a wide variety of sanders perfect for large jobs, or intricate cabinetry work. portable belt and orbital sanders can also be used for several paint and body projects in the realm of automotive and metal work. harbor freight tools presents several quality sanders to choose from at low, discounted prices. harbor freight does not endorse any other business or organization or any technique in any customer video. always follow all of the instructions and warnings included with our products. harbor freight makes no representation or warranty of any kind by including this video on its website. lifetime warranty lifetime warranty on hand tools about harbor freight tools at harbor freight tools you'll find one of the largest selections of brand-name discount tools, including hand tools, power tools...anything that fits into your tool box, and bigger equipment too
__label__non_math	0.7786	ranking the relieversby dave studeman last week, we introduced a stat called win probability added. actually, we didn't really introduce it at all. as explained earlier, it's been introduced many times; we're just applying it to the relief pitchers of . after my last article, one reader complained that wpa didn't really add anything. basically, his argument was "why not stick to simple performance stats, like k bb ratios and :fip:, to evaluate relievers?" okay, he didn't really mention fip, but i like to think he would have. the sentiment would be the same: why bother with new stats for relievers? why not just go with good performance stats? what we know is good enough, right? well, no, not really. basic performance stats like fip are great, but saves are also used to evaluate relievers. you may not like saves, but you really can't underestimate the impact they've had on baseball fans. think about it. without the save, would rollie fingers be in the hall of fame? hint, he only has 103 :rsaa:, which is tied for 213th in major league history. one less than jon matlack. would bruce sutter have garnered of the hall of fame vote in the last election? 123 rsaa, seven less than milt pappas. i think the answer is pretty clearly no. saves have played a huge role in how we think of relief pitchers. saves add something to the bag of pitcher statistics. they attempt to tell you how important a pitcher's innings were. if relievers pitch well in close games, they've done more for the team than if they've pitched well in blowouts. baseball fans tend to rely on saves for this type of extra information. and this is a problem. as a statistic for measuring pitchers, saves are more useful than tarot cards, but far from ideal. here is the definition of a save, according to major league baseball's official definitions page: a pitcher is credited with a save when he finishes a game won by his club, is not the winning pitcher, and either a enters the game with a lead of no more than three runs and pitches for at least one inning, b enters the game with the potential tying run either on base, or at bat, or on deck, or c pitches effectively for at least three innings. that's not a bad definition on the surface, but it stinks when you actually use it. for instance, it treats a three-run lead in the ninth with none out win probability of the same as a one-run lead . it's amazing to think that a pitcher can get a save when he enters a game with a win probability of . if your team loses, you don't get a save, no matter how well you pitched or how important your innings were. if you don't finish the game, you don't get a save. major league baseball invented the hold to address some of these issues. here's the definition of a hold: a relief pitcher is credited with a hold any time he enters a game in a save situation, records at least one out and leaves the game never having relinquished the lead. a pitcher cannot finish the game and receive credit for a hold, nor can he earn a hold and a save in the same game. the hold addresses the "finish game" issue, though it still treats a three-run lead the same as a one-run lead. and the most damning thing about both of these stats is that a pitcher who enters a tie game gets neither a save nor a hold. when a game is tied, everything is in doubt. tie games are the epitome of "critical situations." and yet, the relief pitcher who does his job well in a tie game is credited with neither stat he does get credit for a win if the offense scores and retains the lead until the end of the game . win probability added has none of these issues. as i've calculated it, wpa is the difference between the win probability when a reliever enters and when he leaves a game, if his team's offense scored at an average rate. it's a measure of how well he pitched and how critical his innings were. tie games matter a lot. and you don't have to finish a game to receive wpa points. the best relief pitcher in the major leagues last year, as measured by wpa, had a lot of saves and holds. i'm talking about the phenomenon in houston, brad lidge, who contributed almost one-and-a-half wins more than the second-best major league reliever, eric gagne. gagne led the majors in wpa in both and . here's a list of all relief pitchers with one or more wpa, along with his innings pitched, saves and holds: pitcher team wpa ip saves holds lidge, brad hou ..gagne, eric la ..gordon, tom nyy ..nathan, joe min ..smoltz, john atl ..rivera, mariano nyy ..benitez, armando flo ..cordero, chad mon ..shields, scot ana .105.otsuka, akinori sdp ..rodriguez, francisco ana ..ryan, b.j. bal ..isringhausen, jason stl ..cordero, francisco tex ..linebrink, scott sdp ..jones, todd cin phi ..foulke, keith bos ..vizcaino, luis mil ..hoffman, trevor sdp ..takatsu, shingo chw ..looper, braden nym ..torres, salomon pit ..wagner, billy phi ..rincon, juan min ..madson, ryan phi ..mota, guillermo lad flo ..mesa, jose pit ..hawkins, latroy chc ..lopez, rodrigo bal ..romero, j.c. min ..almanzar, carlos tex ..timlin, mike bos ..king, ray stl ..worrell, tim phi ..calero, kiko stl ..frasor, jason tor ..rodriguez, felix phi sfg ..carrara, giovanni lad flo ..duchscherer, justin oak ..kolb, dan mil ..miller, matt cle ..fuentes, brian col ..harper, travis tbd ..baez, danys tbd ..williamson, scott bos ..guardado, eddie sea ..dotel, octavio hou oak ..telemaco, amaury phi ..5four of the top ten wpa leaders had more holds than saves. two of the top ten, chad cordero and scot shields, didn't have many of either. in fact, both shields and krod did more to help the angels win than troy percival did. ditto tom gordon vs. mariano rivera on the yankees. ryan and lopez did more than julio for baltimore. torres and lopez vs. mesa for the pirates. etc. etc. you may have noticed that cincinnati's danny graves, who tied for sixth-most saves in the national league with , isn't on this list. graves actually finished 305th in total wpa among major league relievers last year, with a negative -.278 wpa. in fact, seven relievers contributed more to the reds' wins than danny graves i'm not saying that saves are a bad or meaningless stat. for about half the teams in the majors, the best reliever was also their saves leader. but wpa is better because it measures both performance and crucial innings accurately. as an example, let me point out a few things about lidge's record: - lidge pitched in games last year. he reduced his team's probability of winning in only nine of those games. - his best wpa outing came on june against the cubs at wrigley, when he entered a tie game in the bottom of the eighth with runners on first and second and none out astros' chances of he not only retired the cubs without a run scoring, the astros scored a run in the ninth, and he closed out the bottom of the ninth for a win. wpa of .519. - his third and fourth best outings came in extra innings of a tie game, when he pitched two scoreless innings and left with the game still tied. by the wpa system, he received .440 wpa points in each of those games, but he didn't receive a save, hold or win because the astros didn't lead when he was in the game. there are stories like these behind every wpa score, but i don't have the space to tell them all. suffice to say that for all the sophistication we bring to baseball statistics in some areas, we are lagging when it comes to relief pitching. it's time to reevaluate the way we evaluate relievers. you have to have play-by-play data to calculate wpa, but the good news is that we have play-by-play data for most of the years the relief specialist has been in vogue. we should use it and refer to it consistently. tangotiger has given us a good start. rollie fingers made the hall of fame due to his saves totals, and dennis eckersley did too to an extent . bruce sutter may well do the same thing. relievers are being voted into the hall nearly every year. we need to re-think the standards we apply to relief pitchers before it's too late. references and resources here's how i computed bullpen wpa: - i calculated the win probability of the game at every point at which a reliever entered a game. this was based on the score, inning, number of outs and base situation. - i then calculated the win probability of the point at which the reliever left the game, based on the same factors as well as the number of runs an average team would have scored during his time in the game. - the difference between the two win probabilities equals win probability added for that appearance. i then added up all win probabilities added for all relievers for the team totals. for average runs the team would have scored, i used .runs per inning, or .runs a game. this overall average probably negatively impacts the bullpen wpa of all american league teams, as well as teams in hitter's parks. it positively impacts teams in the national league, and teams in pitcher's parks. despite these caveats, i think this is a relatively good measure of bullpen effectiveness. as i've defined it, wpa is a good tool for comparing relievers, but it isn't a good measure of the absolute number of wins the pitcher contributed to his team. it gives all the credit for win probability added to the pitcher, and not to his fielders or hitters. so be careful you don't refer to it in an absolute sense. i'm working on an e-book, tentatively called "the bullpen book of ," which will contain all these stats and more for major league bullpens during the past three years. i hope to have it done by early february. i'll let you know if i do. catchy title, huh? my thanks, as usual, go to doug drinen and tangotiger, who have done much of the pioneering work in the evaluation of relief pitching, and have graciously shared their expertise freely. dave was called a "national treasure" by rob neyer. seriously. comments about this article can be sent to him through the miracle of e-mail.
__label__non_math	0.9990	it was cold out at chicago international airport. a chill, nasty wind was rolling in off the lake. i puffed on a butt and watched the big dc-come taxiing in. the three chicago detectives grew tense. "there she is," one of them murmured. "flight 180, out of l.a. with vic lowney on board." "not for long," another chuckled. i didn t say anything. it wasn t my place to make small talk. leave that for the locals. i had a job to do, and the job began with my getting on that plane wearing vic lowney s name and vic lowney s identity. i only hoped the three locals didn t mess things up getting lowney off the plane. one fumble, one bit of gunplay, and the whole job would be bollixed. the dc-was slowing to a halt now. the ground crew went bustling out. they shoved the ramp up under the plane s door, and a moment later the passengers started getting off. a stewardess was reminding everybody, "back in your seats in twenty minutes, please. this is only a brief stopover." two by two they came out. los angeles to philly, via chicago. i clicked off each face as it appeared. the twelfth man out of the plane was our man. lowney had a los angeles look about him. he was tall and broad and heavily tanned, and he stepped off the plane with a kind of a swagger. his thick black hair was shiny with pomade. he wore a bright yellow shirt, a string tie, pegged pants, suede shoes, and though it was a gloomy afternoon in chi dark sunglasses. if he could have seen me, lounging against the wall just inside the departure shed, he would have had a shock. the faces weren t the same, but everything else was. string tie, yellow shirt, sunglasses and all. i even had my cigarette drooping at the same angle. the tan had taken me four days under the u-v lamp. i m sort of a chameleon that way. it s what i get paid for. right now i was busy convincing myself that i was vic lowney, number three man of the southern cal crime syndicate. inside of five minutes, i was going to have to convince the rest of the world that i was lowney, too. and my life depended on making it come off. the three chi detectives flashed their badges at the airline man and moved out onto the field just as lowney came sauntering across. he had long legs, and he wanted to stretch them a little before resuming his flight to philadelphia. the chi boys might have been ad men right off wacker avenue, with their flannels and their attache cases. lowney didn t suspect a thing right up until the moment they quietly surrounded him. the whole thing took maybe fifteen seconds. they whispered to lowney and one of them showed identification. i saw lowney s face go icy. his lips moved in brief and probably impolite phrases. the chi men murmured back, and one of them gently took hold of lowney s elbow. he jerked free, and i thought there was going to be action, but the detective took the elbow again. they escorted him off the field, taking the next door down. i didn t budge. i stubbed out my cigarette and lit another. ten minutes went by, and then one of the detectives reappeared, smiling like a little boy with a report card full of a s. he wanted me to stick a gold star on his cheek, i guess. he said, "he s in custody." "everything went smooth, no?" "the plane s going to leave soon," i said. i m not paid to hand out compliments to the locals. "you got anything for me?" "sure. sure, right here." he slipped me a little blue folder. lowney s plane tickets and baggage checks. "when you get settled in philly, go through his bags. anything you don t need, turn over to the police. they ll ship it back here." i scowled at him. i could figure out that much of the deal for myself. slipping the folder into my pocket, i nodded quickly and slouched back against the wall. i didn t want to talk to him anymore. from here on in, i was vic lowney. i waited five minutes, and just before the other passengers started coming back on board i got in line with the people getting on in chi, and passed through. i sauntered aboard the way vic lowney would. the stewardess gave me a pretty smile and welcomed me on board i reminded her that i was a through passenger from l.a. that shook her up a little. the nose and the lips were all wrong, but the glasses hid the eyes, and the clothes were pretty much the same. i went to my seat. lowney had reserved one in advance, and the stub was attached to his ticket. the plane filled up fast. one by one, the engines started up. we moved out onto the runway. lowney had left an angeleno newspaper on his seat. i picked it up and started reading about the dodgers. a minute later, we were in the air. i kept the paper open in front of me, but i wasn t really interested in the doings of sherry and snider and gilliam. i was going over and over vic lowney s dossier in my mind, letting it seep into my brain until it became my own biography. your name is victor emanuel lowney. born october , encino, california. mother an italian nightclub singer, maria buonsignore, died , age . father a movie bit player, ernest lowney, died , drowning, age . you grew up in pasadena, went to high school there, left in after three years. , small-time crime. car thefts, smuggling out of tijuana, mostly girls. met charley hammell october . originally hired as muscle, but quickly rose in the hammell organization. for the last six years you ve been his left-hand man. you have no police record, so he sends you all over the country as his personal representative. like this trip to philly. you re a bachelor, and you ve got a big house in pacific palisades. you hate filter-tip cigarettes, drink vodka martinis above anything else, and you ve got a good eye for women. you eat steak for breakfast. you re hot-tempered but shrewd. you ve made half a dozen kills, but nothing proven. you were rejected by the army in on account of heart palpitations, thanks to the special injection charley hammell s doctor gave you before your physical. in general, vic lowney, you re a cold-blooded louse. i was used to being a louse. in my line of work you don t get to impersonate nice people. you get word in omaha or fond du lac or jersey city that they need you, and next thing you know you re busy studying somebody and becoming him. or maybe creating somebody out of whole cloth. it isn t pretty work, posing as a criminal. you swim through an ocean of filth before your job is done, and a lot of that filth gets swallowed. but the job has to be done. somebody has to do it. i guess i m the lucky one. this time it was counterfeiting. for the past five or six months there had been a deluge of very classy queer stuff on the east coast. nothing but fives and tens, of course it doesn t pay to make queer singles, while big bills attract too much attention. these fives and tens were pretty special. the engraving was downright flawless, and only the paper didn t quite measure up to uncle sam s own standard. it was a close enough match, though, to fool anybody but an expert. uncle sam has a hard enough time keeping the budget balanced without competition from free enterprise. so the treasury men started tightening a net. it took three months to center the operation on philadelphia. it took another two months to pick up the clue that mr. big of the queer-pushers was one henry klaus of philadephia, a man well known by the philly authorities but thus far able to stay on the outside of a cell. picking up klaus wouldn t help much. the way to smash the ring was to nab the engraver, who was obviously a man of great talent. only klaus kept him well hidden, evidently. nobody had a lead. at this point i got alerted to move into the case. the reasoning was that only an inside operator could get hold of that engraver. i was still trying to dream up a point of entry when we picked up word that vic lowney of l.a. was on his way east for a powwow with klaus. the police had their own system of underworld intelligence otherwise they d never do better than parking tickets. they got the word. lowney was being sent by charley hammell to line up a west coast outlet for the queer stuff. we got the wheels in motion. a west coast man briefed me on lowney. i roasted under a sunlamp to give myself an angeleno tan. we plucked lowney off his plane midway to philly. and here i was, twenty thousand feet in the air, wearing padded shoulders and a brand-new suntan and the identity of a louse. it was getting close to five, philadelphia time, when the plane started to dip low over the city of brotherly love. i fastened my seatbelt and waited for the landing. it was october, and winter was closing in fast on pennsylvania. the sky had a dull gray look, and the temperature was in the low fifties. i strolled off the plane and into the terminal. this was the rough point, right at the beginning. the dossier said lowney had never been to philadelphia and knew none of klaus men personally. so far as we knew, no photo had been sent. the letter we intercepted mentioned only that lowney could be recognized by the yellow shirt, string tie, and sunglasses. but if a photo had been sent i stood near the baggage counter and lit up. two or three minutes went by. then i saw two guys edging up. one was six-three high, and about the same wide. the other was small and ratty-looking. they both wore heavy slouchy-looking winter clothing. i ignored them. the big one rumbled, "uh lowney?" i looked them over. "mister lowney," i said coldly. "yeah. we re from klaus." they looked at each other. i stared right through them. the ratty one said, "klaus sent us, mister lowney. we ve got a car waiting outside." i made no comment on that. "where s the john in this place?" i asked. "there s one right around that bend," the big one said. "are you going to call me mister lowney or do i have to report that you boys are a bunch of crude yeggs?" the big lad glowered at me. "the washroom is right back there, mister lowney." "thanks," i said. i pulled my baggage claim check loose and, handed it to the ratty one. "here. i m going to go comb my hair. pick up my luggage. two samsonite cases." "yes, mr. lowney." i could see him gagging over every syllable. i ducked into the washroom, gave my pompadour some fresh curlicues, and leaned against the wall and looked at my watch for five minutes. then i walked slowly out. the reception committee was waiting by the baggage counter, and the little one had his foot up on one of my suitcases. when he saw me, he got his foot off. in a hurry. "we got your bags, mr. lowney." "okay. you want a medal?" "follow us, mr. lowney." i let them carry my suitcases. by now they had caught the idea that i wasn t going to get chummy with underlings. we marched out through the terminal to the parking lot, and up to an imperial sedan half a block long. why gang boys go for these big black limousines i ll never understand. they might just as well put up a neon sign that said gangster. the little man opened the back door and i got in. pint-size tried to get in next to me, but i shooed him away with my foot. "you sit in front, man." the beady eyes were marbles of hate. "now listen here, tough guy " "i said you sit in front. want to debate it with me?" his face unstiffened. he walked around to the front seat and got in next to the big one. i had taken the first round on points, by plenty. "i m staying at the penn plaza," i said. "we re supposed to take you to klaus." "you take me to the penn plaza. you think i flew three thousand miles to run right into a business conference? wise up, simps. i need some relaxing first." "klaus is gonna be awful mad " "i ll see him when i feel like seeing him." the big boy turned around and said in a feathery voice, "hey, mister lowney, you talk like you did us a big favor by coming here. you oughta realize that we re the guys who gonna do you the favor." i gave him one cold look that wiped the smugness off his face. "can it, friend," i said quietly. "are you going to take me to the penn plaza, or do i take a cab?"
__label__math	0.6797	my laptop hdd is slowely dying. it works best on the angle of degrees, and only for like minutes, after that i used to get blue screen with errors on atapi.sys and win something .dll if i tried to restart it after that couple of times, it overheats and doesnt even let winxp show up. but now its worse, winxp isnt bootable anymore, gives unmountable error. so i got external usb ." adapter to try to backup more files. but evertime i connect it, windows dies. first time i pluged it in, it said that hdd was found. but winxp like froze. and now everytime i connect it, "safely remove hardware" isnt responding, and hdd doesnt show up in my computer. but if i put it back in laptop, it boots windows for a minute or so, and then gives blue screen. my desktop is p4 . 1024mb 128 mb radeon sb live and laptop hdd is toshiba mk4025gas nspire ." usb enclosure. does windows tries to read all the files while usbing the hdd or something? i dont understand why laptop recognizes it, but desktop freezes thru usb. : if you have the type of enclosure that uses usb cables to power the drive, perhaps the laptop can't supply enough power through its usb ports. if you have a desktop, a better method might be to purchase a ." to ." ide adapter and connect your laptop drive as a slave to copy over the files. the adapters are cheap -- i paid cdn. if you have nero, a win98 boot floppy, and a bootable cd like winxp , you should be able to make a bootable dos disk. when in nero, make a "bootable cd" and reference the bootable cd for the boot image, then copy the win98 floppy's contents onto the cd. once completed, you should be able to boot to dos like you had a win98 floppy drive. i can't seem to find my copy, or i'd just provide you with an iso. give what you cannot keep to gain what you cannot lose. so now i got the first bootable dos .iso i could find. burned it. ran it on the laptop with hdd in ide. what what do you know. how i can see the c: which is i: on desktop thru usb but i cant see d: the second partition that i accessed on the my hdd was broken into partitions, i think i mentioned that before. wtf why doesnt it want to see 2nd partition. as far as i remember, they are both in ntfs, and even if the 2nd one is fat32, it should show up anyways... :x i can browse the c: drive in dos on the laptop, which doesnt wanna work thru usb on the desktop. -there are drivers for usb to run on dos, but i bet usb adapter in dos will have the same freezing reaction which winxp has right now.
__label__non_math	1.0000	all on a sudden my samsung cddvd writer has stopped playing, even detecting all video audio cd and dvds
__label__non_math	0.9993	with christmas just round the corner, seagate is offering consumers at sitex the chance of winning up us35,000 worth of prizes with the purchase of any seagate product. consumers simply have to make a purchase of any seagate product at sitex and complete the holiday happens online sweepstakes form available at to be eligible to enter. while customers will be entitled to one lucky draw chance with each purchase of a seagate storage drive, opportunities to win increases with the purchase of hard drives with higher capacities. three lucky first-prize winners will walk away with a -night holiday to the maldives for two persons. other attractive prizes include the seagate backup plus portable drive, seagate satellite mobile wireless storage, apple iphone and ipad . the promotion will also run at authorized seagate resellers from now until the end of the year - dec . for more information and the terms and conditions, please visit
__label__non_math	0.8623	get involved: send your pictures, video, news views by texting haringey to , or email us ten arrested for conspiracy to commit robbery in turnpike lane ten people have been arrested following a police investigation into a number of robberies from jewellers. during the evening of september and in the early hours of this morning all were charged with conspiracy to commit robbery. the arrests follow an investigation by the flying squad into a series of robberies in north east london area with the groupof ten arrested in turnpike lane on saturday september . marius andrei barbus, , constantin daniel irina, , ovidiu gabor, , vasile alexandru bataraga, , iulian roman, , ioan gavrilut, , gheorghe macovei, , puiu-danut paunescu, , iulian culba, , catlin paise, , will all appear in thames magistrates' court today.
__label__non_math	1.0000	welcome to salt lick, texas, home of big hair, big ranches, and two of the biggest busybodies ever to wield a blow-dryer debbie sue and edwina, also known as the domestic equalizers. their motto: don't run over him get over him track down and expose your straying man. and they won't stop until female domestic justice is served. debbie sue overstreet and edwina perkins-martin have never encountered a problem that couldn't be fixed with a strong margarita, a whole lot of hairspray, and an ear for gossip. they've learned that you'll only find a straying spouse or solve a crime by keeping your senses alert. after all, every red-blooded texas woman knows ears are more than just a place to hang your diamond earrings newcomers stand out in salt lick like a preacher in a liquor store, and all ears and eyes are on paige mcbride and spur atwater. paige arrived in town with nothing more than two hundred dollars in her pocket and a cadillac suv packed with designer clothes. her oil-rich daddy has cut her off without a penny and now it's time for her to get one of those real jobs. the domestic equalizers know that paige and her barbie-doll looks are gonna stir things up. soon every cowboy, trucker, and even one of debbie sue's ex-boyfriends, a rodeo star, is knocking on paige's door. and, at just about the time she turns up to start her job tending the best cutting horses in texas, the horses start disappearing from all the local ranches. paige discovers she actually likes her work. after all, horses are more loyal than most men. but she doesn't like spur, the new town veterinarian. besides being movie-star good-looking, spur's an ex football star. women of all ages love the new vet, and suddenly, more cats and dogs are getting sick than ever before. working on the ranch means paige can't avoid the man, and all those disappearing horses bring her together with the domestic equalizers. edwina and debbie sue think that spur and paige make the cutest couple whether they're too bull-headed to realize it or not. but finding themselves knee-deep in the muck of a horse-thievin' and husband-cheatin' escapade is a whole other issue. no doubt about it, hearts are definitely going to get broken, but if these gals have anything to do with it, the hairstyles around town are still gonna look great
__label__non_math	0.9998	mcguigan is the fastest growing global wine brand in the uk top despite a increase in its shelf price. mcguigan has experiencing sales growth in the past months with its sales now topping 65m. how? simple. listen, don't dictate and get your head out of the sand. here is no question that the uk is challenging market but it also fluid, dynamic and full of opportunity. the key to building a successful brand is to listen to the market - adapt your strategy and innovate to ensure you are delivering wines that are relevant and appropriate. continually sense check your wine style, varieties and packaging to ensure your brand has the edge, and is delivering what retailers and consumers what now, not yesterday or months ago. as a supplier you need to be culturally appropriate, flexible in your approach, quick to respond and be a user-friendly' distributor who will listen, take on board feedback and not dictate terms. brand owners with the attitude of my brand is king, this is what it is, it is a must stock and by the way, i'm increasing my price' will see sales decline and their brand become irrelevant. our retail partners are just that, partners. we share a common goal to deliver quality, value and consumer appropriate products across all price points. you must ensure your brand is relevant to the consumers who buy it. ignore market trends at your peril. this is not a case of one-size fits all - the uk market is unique and complex, and as such you must be flexible, listen and willing to change. the lifecycle of australian wine in the uk is such that the market is looking for what is new from australia, what is different and how we've evolved our wine styles to remain relevant and appropriate. australia is a key category to every retailer - the challenge is to not rest on our laurels and continue to evolve, innovate and make wines that retailers want to list, and consumers want to drink. quality and value for money across key price points is of utmost importance and more often than not the market looks to australia to take the lead. wine is a trend, and constantly evolving - as a brand owner you must be at the forefront of these trends to ensure your brand remains relevant to the uk market otherwise you're dead in the water.paul schaafsma is european sales and marketing director of australian vintage
__label__non_math	0.9908	younger skin at any age three high-tech derm treatments are turning back the clock with little pain or downtime. forget the old axiom that beauty is pain. surgical face-lifts and aggressive lasers that keep you under house arrest and on strong meds are taking a backseat to procedures that promise to help you age gracefully with minor recuperation. "not only are we seeing better results with the latest generation of minimally invasive technology, the amount of downtime required with these treatments is also shrinking considerably," says mitchell chasin, medical director of reflections center for skin body in new jersey. "we can now deliver dramatic results without people missing a beat out of their busy lives." read on for the most buzzed-about options. skin illuminator: clear brilliant think of this new gentle laser as a facial on steroids. clear brilliant uses fractional laser technology to create microzones of energy, causing a wound-healing response underneath the skin's surface that stimulates collagen production, which boosts radiance and plumps lines. "the big advancement with this laser is that it's safe on all skin colors and you don't have to rearrange your social or professional life" for recovery, says new york city dermatologist anne chapas. investment: 500 per treatment. ideal candidate: a patient between the ages of and looking for a preventative antiaging treatment stronger than over-the-counter topicals but gentler than intense lasers "who wants smoother skin but doesn't have time to be red and swollen for days," details chapas. problems targeted: fine lines and wrinkles, blotchiness, uneven tone and texture, and sun damage. "but this would not be my laser of choice for treating deeper lines and wrinkles," says chapas. treatable areas: face, neck, chest, and hands. treatments needed: six treatments spaced two weeks apart. treatment length: a topical anesthetic is applied for to minutes and is followed by the -minute laser treatment. pain: "patients may feel a light tingling or mild prickling, but most don't feel anything at all," chapas says. a small handheld laser-beam device is run up and down the skin. downtime: the skin is pink immediately after treatment similar to post workout or a mild sunburn but fades within a day. dry skin can last for a couple of days. results: smoother, more radiant skin, with improved tone and texture and a reduction in fine lines and wrinkles with a visible difference in how your skin feels after one treatment, promises chapas. risks: prolonged redness, hyperpigmentation, and scarring are possible but "very rare," says chapas. maintenance: touch-ups are advised every three months. wrinkle eraser: ematrix whereas clear brilliant helps prevent signs of aging before they appear, this device is aimed at eradicating fine lines and facial scars using fractionated bipolar radio-frequency technology. translation: heat energy is delivered beneath your skin's surface to trigger collagen production without damaging the epidermis top layer , which means no recovery time necessary. "the beauty of ematrix is that it spares the top layer of skin and deposits percent of the energy into the dermis," says chasin. imagine an inverted ice cream cone, says nashville dermatologist michael gold. the tip of the cone represents the energy on the surface, and the scoop is the remainder, which spreads out underneath the skin. investment: ,200 per treatment. ideal candidate: "a patient age to who has early signs of agingfine lines, some wrinkles. it's wonderful for acne scars and surface-texture issues," explains chasin. safe for all skin colors. problems targeted: fine lines, surface irregularities, pigmentation, wrinkles, and scars from acne, trauma, chicken pox, or surgery. doctors praise this device for its scar-banishing abilities, "and if i can get scars to go away, i can get wrinkles to go away," gold says. treatable areas: face, neck, chest, and hands. treatments needed: for lines and wrinkles, two to three treatments spaced four weeks apart; for scars, three to four treatments spaced two to three weeks apart. treatment length: a topical anesthetic is applied for to minutes and is followed by a -to--minute treatment. pain: "there is very little discomfort with this machine," says gold. patients feel a prickling or tingling sensation. "sometimes they don't even need numbing," he says. a handheld device imagine a toy gun with an electrode tip is placed onto the skin to deliver heat energy below the surface. downtime: "patients are generally red for a day or two max. that's it," says gold. results: look for improvements in skin texture, fine lines and wrinkles, scars, and pore size after week three, with continued benefits like skin tightening for up to three or four months. risks: hyperpigmentation and or scarring is "extremely rare" but possible with any energy-based system, says gold. maintenance: lines and wrinkles are continuously affected by the sun, so follow up with a treatment after a year. nonsurgical face-lift: eprime "face lifts are great at tightening at tightening, but they don't address thinning skin and volume loss," explains chasin. enter eprime, a new system that conquers all three and, according to a clinical study coauthored by macrene alexiades-armenakas, dermatologist and assistant clinical professor at yale university school of medicine, promises significant skin tightening37 percent of what you'd get with a face-lift. how? derms are able to customize energy delivery to specific locations and depths, and "we can get away with that because we are able to measure the energy and temperature in real time and adjust it," explains chasin. using small sensored needles, doctors are able to bypass the top layer of skin where most complications occur and deliver bipolar radio-frequency energy below the surface to safely maximize results. "this is a tremendous advance," explains alexiades-armenakas. "before, we were guessing the temperatures in the skin, and this led to lack of effectiveness and burns." and eprime doesn't boost just collagen: "this is the first technology proven to stimulate elastin and hyaluronic-acid production," says chasin. investment: ,500 per treatment. ideal candidate: "a patient age to with volume loss, hollowing and dips in the skin, deep wrinkles, acne scars, and sun damage," says chasin. "we use it to restabilize the whole supporting structure of the skin." safe for all skin colors. problems targeted: deep lines and wrinkles, acne scars, and loss of supporting facial structure. treatable areas: the face. evaluations are under way for use on the neck, arms, and stretch marks on the abdomen. treatments needed: one. treatment length: local anesthetic is administered the doctor may inject a low concentration of lidocaine and epinephrine through a cannula threaded under the skin to constrict blood vessels and prevent bruising caused by punctures and is followed by a -to--minute treatment. pain: "pain is a zero on a scale of one to ," says chasin. a handheld device is equipped with five pairs of tiny, hair-thin needles that puncture the skin to deliver radio-frequency energy. downtime: superficial bruising, redness, and swelling may last up to hours, and the majority of patients return to regular activities in one day. results: "an overall improvement in skin tone and volume, with significant tightening of the skin and reduction in lines and wrinkles," says chasin. he adds, "patients look younger and more vibrant, but they still look like themselves." risks: no serious complications have been reported to date. maintenance: doctors advise waiting one to three years before considering a second treatment.
__label__non_math	0.9792	kanal , january adnan oktar: dying is a blessing. i sometimes see people crying at the funerals of martyrs. the martyrs go to heaven directly when they die. so, why do you cry? rather, you should rejoice and be proud. the family of a martyr receive honor and their son goes right to heaven. in the world, they won t see the difficulty their son in the heaven will welcome his family. if they are the people who hope to go the heaven, they will be together forever in the heaven. what else one desire? thanks to allah that a martyr s going to heaven is guaranteed. martyrdom is a kind of living. they directly go to hereafter. they live there in separates but they really have no idea that they are in fact martyrs. so, when the people die or martyrize one should not cry. this is something improper. do we cry when a baby is born? but they cry when a person dies. allah creates the birth and the death. in both cases, trust in allah and see it as a blessing insha allah.
__label__non_math	0.6835	while harvey vogel manufacturing is happy to provide a number of important documents in printed format we find that many people prefer the speed and convenience of electronic formats. this also works well for our iso ems paper reduction efforts. so below we are providing links to pdf adobe acrobat reader formatted documents. these may either be opened and viewed directly or copied elsewhere for viewing or printing. industry specific brochures about us overview history our people value proposition green initiatives contact rep map careers quality automated inspection engineering service iso9001 certification iso14001 ems certification beststampings.com metal stampinginformation site videoshistory overview processes markets stamping methods quality delivery project management value added services whole video note for slow connections please set video quality to 480p harvey vogel manufacturing co. 425 weir drive woodbury, mn l phone: 651 739- l fax: 651 739- l sales harvey vogel manufacturing co.
__label__non_math	0.9994	get involved: send your pictures, video, news and views by texting hmsnews to or you can email us click here for details flutter grabs fast time at parkrun the parkrun series is proving popular with harwich runners. the series consists of free five-kilometre races held at various parks all over the country. serial racer richard flutter tried out the barking course in east london for the first time. despite having a -mile event to race the following day, he gave the event his full attention and was rewarded with second place overall and first place in the v45-category, breaking the -minute barrier for the first time in minutes seconds. for a full club report, see this week's standard.
__label__non_math	1.0000	girls can embark on their very own adventures with the furreal friends gogo, my walkin' pup pet fashionable walking dog this walking dog from furreal friends is fashionable, and ready for some fun she responds to your touch you'll have so much fun showing off your fashionable walking puppy glitter fun and fashion this white walking puppy is such a cutie gogo, my walkin' pup toy, leash and instructions. attach her sparkly leash and take her for a walk with you. she sparkles and shines she has strands of glitter in her soft furry ears. real puppy sounds pet your puppy, and she'll respond by making happy puppy sounds. she responds when you pet her head pet your puppy on her head and she'll move her head and wag her tail. she responds when you pet her sides pet your puppy on her sides and she'll turn toward your touch and make happy puppy noises. if you stop, she might beg you to pet her some more. x4 .5v c alkaline batteries required demo batteries included
__label__non_math	0.9991	haskell-cafe why purely in haskell? dons at galois.com wed jan :est otoh, the freedom to change things on the fly can be nice to have, and if used with "great responsibility" mainly an understanding of what's safe to do and what isn't , the downside can be vanishingly small. it can be small, unless you need to have any kind of static assurance say for high assurance software, or for new kinds of optimisations, or then the downside to arbitrary, untracked effects in the system is huge. more information about the haskell-cafe
__label__non_math	0.9999	non-determinism in newline in the haskell report mon, feb : - why not say newline - return linefeed which, given maximal munch, will behave decently on any normal system?
__label__non_math	0.7794	xmonad renameworkspace and autocomplete jacek.generowicz at cern.ch tue jan :cet at tue, jan : , matthias h rmann wrote: you don't have to use the same xpconfig for all of them. ahem, yes, that's rather obvious, now that you mention it. thank you. you could use one with autocomplete for selecting and one without for creating new workspaces, couldn't you? yes, tried it, it works. but it does eat up one extra modifier on my workspace switching key and i was planning to use it for something autocomplete delay to allow specifying new names. more information about the xmonad
__label__non_math	0.9999	lock and dam in hastings prepares for flood; forecast is .feet by the end of the monthupdated according to national weather service forecasts, the mississippi river is expected to cross into the major flooding stage about midnight, march . as of a.m. march , the river was at .feet. the latest predictions say the river will reach .feet on march . at that height, portions of lock and dam road will be under water, and those who work at the lock and dam will have to use an alternate route to get to work. by: katrina styx, the hastings star-gazette
__label__non_math	0.9996	excellent for protection from the hot sun, ranchers and farmers are know for working in straw cowboy hats. its traditionally wide brim blocks out the suns harmful rays while its lightweight vented weave keeps you cool. today the cowboy style hat has transcended the ranch and is often seen at beaches, pools, and summer concerts. available in a wide variety of colors and styles, these hats range from traditional to the extreme. accused - straw cowboy hat water resistant coating unbreakable raffia straw suede rope on crescent chap band " solid pinchfront crown " shapeable springback brim available in sweated dusted or chocolate ambush - straw cowboy hat rustic style water resistent coating unbreakable raffia straw scalloped band " vented cattleman crown " shapeable wire brim available in natural dark natural made in the usa anytime - raffia straw cowboy hat shapeable raffia straw " pinchfront crown " shapeable brim thin band holding a concho with turquoise bead in the center available in natural sweated dusted shown
__label__non_math	0.9991	the mercedes-benz superdome is seen reflected through the window of an office building in downtown new orleans near sunset. super bowl xlvii will be played between the san francisco 49ers and the baltimore ravens on at the mercedes-benz superdome. derick e. hingle, usa today sports new orleans - when they're not talking about the super bowl this week, the baltimore ravens and san francisco 49ers have been asked repeatedly to ponder their future - as in whether they will be mentally sharp in retirement after years of football. "the scary thing right now is that you just don't know," ravens center matt birk, a -year veteran, tells usa today sports. "there is just so much that is unknown." ray lucas can give them a glimpse at what the future may hold. the former nfl quarterback played seven nfl seasons and says he suffered concussions. now , he says he has symptoms that hint at degenerative brain disease. it is a concern shared by some veteran players and those already retired. the death of junior seau, who shot himself in the chest in may, has only heightened their worries, especially after researchers from the national institutes of health announced this month that their examination of the former all-pro linebacker's brain revealed what many suspected. seau suffered from chronic traumatic encephalopathy cte , a brain disease that has been linked to the type of repeated head trauma that can occur in football. "if junior could have gotten some help, maybe he would still be around," says sean salisbury, the former quarterback and former espn analyst. lucas and salisbury are among a group retired players who are taking a proactive role in dealing with possible degenerative brain disease. they have joined a program in in paterson, n.j., called pain alternatives, solutions and treatment p.a.s.t. , which coordinates pro bono medical care and peer-group therapy. lucas, salisbury, former wide receiver charlie brown, former guard brent boyd and former running back christian okoye are among those who participate in monthly meetings. "i think we've saved a couple of guys who were contemplating suicide," says lucas, who is now a peer-group leader. overcoming a 'tough-guy menality' since retiring from football, lucas has worked as a broadcaster in the new york market and undergone three neck surgeries and five knee operations. he has battled depression and addiction to pain-killing medication. at one point, lucas says it took him several hours to get out of bed each day and he estimated that he swallowed 800 pills per month. in , the married father of three daughters says he contemplated driving his truck off the george washington bridge. "i was a drain on my family, thinking, 'they're better off without me,'" he says. "that was a vicious cycle i was on." lucas says he believes his life was saved by a phone call to jennifer smith, who runs the player program at p.a.s.t., which was founded by william focazio. lucas underwent several surgeries, went through drug rehab and is now a participant in a concussion program that includes a holistic approach to healing. patients are prescribed a nutritional diet and hormone therapy intended to address symptoms associated with cte. focazio says key objectives are to reduce inflammation in the brain and eliminate toxins that he believes can predispose someone to cte. salisbury says the peer-group sessions have been a big help to him as he tries to put his life back together. "this is like alcoholics anonymous for a whole bunch of other issues," salisbury says. "there's no shame in it. you think you've got problems, then you look at the guy next to you and he's worse off than you are. he'll say something like, 'three weeks ago, i was ready to die.'" salisbury, and divorced, says he couldn't estimate how many concussions he endured during his playing career but a significant portion were probably undocumented. he has also had multiple neck, back and shoulder surgeries. he left his job with espn after a so-called "sexting" scandal, only to get fired from a dallas radio station. he has been involved with p.a.s.t. since , and credits the program for helping him manage anger issues and depression. "i was scared," he says. "we grow up with this tough-guy mentality. we're so used to dealing with pain. you think, 'i can fix this. i can make myself better.' while it goes on, though, there's no end point." salisbury, in town for the super bowl, says that seau's death was one in a series of events that scared him straight. he considered seau a close friend. "hopefully, they can find a cure for this, to help slow down this disease," salisbury says. a looming threat there are many questions and much debate on the cte issue, though experts generally agree the disease stems from trauma that shakes the brain. "it has affected college kids, high school kids, guys in their 30s, 40s, 50s and 60s. guys that played a long time, guys that didn't play a long time," birk says. "there's like no blueprint, where they can say this is why you're at a higher risk." concussions represent an obvious risk, but researchers also point to relatively low-impact collisions as a possible trigger for developing cte, which to this point has not been diagnosed until death. birk, , says he has minor memory lapses and wonders if he's at risk, given horror stories linked to post-concussion symptoms. "it's like, 'oh, my gosh, i can't remember where i put my keys. i can't remember what i opened the refrigerator for,'" says the father of six, citing three concussions since high school. "you try not to overreact. that's part of life. anybody who's a parent knows. a lot of times, your brain is doing a lot of different things and you're sleep-deprived. i talk to other people my age who are not football players, and they say, 'it happens to me, too.' but you never know." the issue is only growing. more than ,000 former players are suing the nfl, alleging the league didn't do enough to reveal the dangers of head injuries. a broader spotlight was cast this week when president obama said during an interview with the new republic that if he had a son, he isn't sure that he would want him to play football. as a result, players preparing for super bowl xlvii are virtually forced to contemplate how the risks, research and tragedies hit home. "i'd be lying if i didn't say that sometimes it scares me," says ravens safety bernard pollard, regarded as one of the nfl's hardest hitters despite a climate in the nfl for increased safety, pollard - whose helmet-to-helmet blow knocked patriots running back stevan ridley out of the afc title game with a concussion - declares that he won't alter his style. he has grumbled that more rules changes will significantly diminish the game. the risks to his own long-term health? "i know what i signed up for," he said. "we play a violent sport. you can't sugarcoat it." pollard's fellow safety, ed reed, contended that seau willingly signed up for the risk of developing the disease linked to his death. "junior gave everything he had to football," reed said during tuesday's media day session. "i'm sure he's looking down and has no regrets." it is not uncommon to find such a matter-of-fact tone from active players, many of whom have seemingly been conditioned to downplay risks . "everybody knows the factors," said 49ers defensive tackle justin smith. "i don't think anybody's really shocked that you might have damage done to you. it's like any job. there's going to be risk. ours is physical, and down the road. when you see older players, with all the brain stuff that's been brought up, it's more in the front of everybody's mind. the main thing is you haven't seen anybody quit." perhaps that's because there are so many questions lacking definitive answers. when does cte begin? is it reversible? can individual risk be identified through gene testing? is there a relationship between cte and the use of pain-killing medication? "i think it's entirely possible that if you cannot reverse it, you can wall it off and stop it in its tracks and it never gets worse," says ann mckee, director at neuropathology at the department of veterans affairs in bedford, mass. mckee, who has conducted brain research for more than years, began studying the post-mortem brains of former football players in . she confirms cte with a microscope, identifying levels of tau protein in the brain tissue. "there seems to be a point in this disease where you go over a critical threshold," mckee says. "you build up enough of this abnormal protein, it affects enough cells, that if you never do anything adverse to your brain in your life, it's going to continue to get worse." a potential breakthrough was revealed this month by gary small and julian bailes, who collaborated on a study of five living former football players that detected the tau protein associated with cte. the subjects - the identity was revealed of one, wayne clark, , a former backup quarterback - were injected with a compound developed by small and others at ucla for research into alzheimer's disease, known as fddnp, that attaches itself to tau protein and can be detected during a pet positive emission tomography scan. said bailes, "the hope would be if you could identify them while they are in the early states, they could be treated." birk wonders if seau's decision to shoot himself in the chest - the same way former chicago bears safety dave duerson committed suicide in - was a final effort to help others. "they knew something was wrong with them," birk says. "their depression was so great that they wanted to preserve their brain for study. that's a scary thing. when you think of suicide, you don't think someone would think of it that clearly or that far ahead." contributing: gary mihoces read the original story: specter of cte weighs on ravens, 49ers' minds
__label__non_math	0.9998	good idea...i enjoyed all the crazy sleeping position photos. this isn't a great one, i need a better camera. i ordered one and it should come tomorrow...but then i need to learn how to use it. loved the black friday sales. the following user nominates cailleach great photo: dogs have given us their absolute all. we are the center of their universe. we are the focus of their love and faith and trust. they serve us in return for scraps. it is without a doubt the best deal man has ever made. roger caras
__label__non_math	1.0000	by tim leeds what started as the result of a tragedy has turned into a lifetime of activity and a source of joy for mary surean. mary has spent decades volunteering with a host of local organizations. "it all started when i lost my son. i had to have something to do," she said. "so i decided i wanted to go volunteer." her -year-old son died of carbon monoxide poisoning from a furnace leak. mary almost died from the leak. after she began volunteering at sacred heart hospital in havre in , the head nurse asked her what she thought about helping the hospital start a candy striper and red coat program for youth volunteers. "i said, gee, that would be wonderful, because i love working with kids,'" mary said. she says her work is nothing that spectacular, that many other people do much more for the community than she does. the history of her volunteerism says there might not be as many as she says. she has volunteered for, and received awards from, many different groups since starting at sacred heart. she still is. the salvation army gave mary a certificate sunday recognizing her as the league of mercy secretary. she helps people needing help during holidays, at christmas and easter. she received a -year pin for her work at the hospital during a volunteer appreciation luncheon in april. many organizations have given her awards for her work, but mary said her favorite is probably the state senior citizen award presented to her in by then lt. gov. denny rehberg. surean is still involved with many groups. some of her activities are serving as president of the local chapter of the aarp, vice president of the eagles' auxiliary and as a member of the salvation army board, and volunteering at the northern montana care center. she is the noble grand at the lillian rebekah lodge. mary, who is , said she is not sure how many activities she will keep volunteering for. "i'm no spring chicken anymore. i've had to cut it down," she said. she has cut back a bit. along with her work at sacred heart, deaconness hospital and northern montana hospital, she volunteered at the lutheran home of the good shepherd, where she was president of the auxiliary and a member of the caregivers' support group. mary said she sucessfully petitioned william dritshulas, owner of the duck inn motel and restaurant and best western great northern inn, to donate a bingo board to the lutheran home. she also helped get new linen for the home, and helped at two benefit dinners that raised more than ,000 each, she said. mary has volunteered at the feed my sheep soup kitchen, was an area chair of the american cancer society, volunteered at head start for three years, and the list goes on. she has not been able to do as much volunteering as she might have this summer because of another personal loss. mary's husband of years, daniel surean, died on july . daniel, who was born north of havre, is the reason mary came to havre. they met in scotland during world war ii, while he was serving in the u.s. army air corps and mary was a telegrapher in the royal air force. the couple was married in the st. joseph of the holy child church in bedford, england, in , and later came to havre, where daniel worked for the great northern railway and farmed. mary said that once she is done dealing with estate and other issues resulting from daniel's death, she'll focus again on volunteerism. "i'm going to keep busy, get back into the swing of things. you take each day that the good lord gives you and do the best you can," she said. some of her favorite activities have involved children. that was one of the best aspects of working with the young volunteers in the candy stripers and red coats, and working with children in the schools is a wonderful experience, mary said. "i love kids. i absolutely love kids," she said. "you can't fool kids. you cannot fool kids. they either like or they don't and you absolutely know it." joyce kops, who taught third grade at sunnyside school until she retired about four years ago, said the reaction of students in her class when mary came in was obvious. "the children absolutely adored mary. every time she came into the room, her face would light up and their faces would light up." her work was excellent, joyce added. she was pleasant and encouraged the students, and did a lot to help them do better. "she would ask the following week how they did, so the students would work just a little bit more for mary. she was the dream volunteer coming into the class." mary still isn't sure whether she will volunteer in the schools again this year but she is starting to lean toward doing it again, just because she wants to help. "by wanting to do it you get more enjoyment out of it than is imaginable. it warms the heart when you bring a smile to a young person, or an old person," mary said. "it doesn't matter what you do for people. when they're down and out, that smile means a million dollars for me."
__label__non_math	0.9403	importing and uploading via respondus - for windows either scroll down through page or select from one of the following choices uh faculty staff can download and install respondus by going to and scroll down to select "respondus studymate". once entered into the download site please make sure to note the necessary license information for respondus, it is needed in order to fully install the application. important: once downloaded and installed go to "help" in the main menu, select "check for updates" and install. respondus has reported multiple updates and patches, with the latest update on . at the time of this manual writing respondus was at version ... once updated, the program will want to close down and update, once done make sure that you are choosing the option for webct version .x .x when and if prompted. creating quiz in word: no type is needed for multiple choice formatted questions once done with writing up the quiz, from the file menu in word select "save as". select to save the file as "text only .txt ." and click "save". word will prompt that all formatting will be lost, click "yes". on the start tab select the button for "import questions". for "file name" select the "browse" button. locate the saved text quiz file, click once to select and click the "open" button. confirm the radio button for "create a new document, named:" is selected, enter a name for the file and click the "preview" button. verify that there are "no warnings" if a warning is provided such as "there are no answers for questions , , , ..." then cancel and make sure the word file is correctly structured then import again , click "finish" when done. note: warnings such as having same named questions is alright, proceed to select "finish". click ok, respondus saves this file within the program and it can be accessed again at any time. if needed questions can be modified by selecting the title of the question below in the "questions lists", then choose "modify" or even added by choosing question type on the left in the blue menu and using the template, click "add to end of list" when done. proceed to the the "settings" tab when done. quiz settings have many features such as basic availability, security submissions and results. go with the default settings or enter information for specific release times and options. click on the button for "basic availability". to allow students to take a quiz immediately, under the header for availability select the checkbox for "allow access as soon as the quiz is published" alternatively one could type in month day year and hour minutes for future access days and times . click the button for "results" when done. select the radio button for "release the score once the quiz has been submitted and all the question shave been graded" for student to automatically view results and select the checkbox for "yes" under the section for "release columns". to begin the upload to webct process select the button for "publish to webct". select the button for "publish wizard". leave at the default and use the pull down menu for to choose "add new server" leave the setting at the default for "yes, check for preconfigured server settings" and click "next ". select whether you want to upload to your webct courses on the development or instructional server, click ok, then choose "next " first enter a title for this connection instructional or developmental ; second enter your uh username and password you must choose the checkbox for saving this log in information ; third choose to either "run connection test" or "skip connection test" and click "next " click the "next " button . respondus shows publishing steps, when "completed successfully", select "finish". enter a title, select the location for the link on course menu and or on organizer page and click "add". select the radio button next to the newly added quiz link, on the right select the "edit" button. under the header for "quiz listings" click the "select" button. check the box next to the uploaded quiz and click "continue". click "update" when done. the quiz is now available for students. return to main tutorial menu
__label__non_math	0.9934	we can't live without them like moths to an open flame, we are drawn to them. they are businesses that offer such great products, are so convenient or are so essential to our 21st-century lives that we don't mind being abused once in a while. here's a short list of businesses we hate to love. go ahead, we dare you. order a california roll at sushi sasabune and see what happens. chances are you'll find your butt at a genki sushi somewhere, counting colored plates and figuring out your bill. sasabune, honolulu's high church of the raw and the wonderful, is famous for its religious devotion to quality and tradition and its "trust me" menu which gives you whatever master chef seiji kumagawa chooses to prepare. if you don't wish to enter such a binding contract with the master chef, you can sit at a table and order a la carte. but that doesn't mean you get to have it your way. the solemn wait staff advise warn customers on not just what to order, but how to eat the artistic delicacies. so how can a business get away with treating its customers not like kings, but village idiots? the answer is simple-the food is absolutely unforgettable. one bite of sasabune's impossibly buttery hamachi will bring tears to your eyes. after that, it isn't hard to sit down, shut up and give thanks. first off, here are things that we love about costco: . it's absolutely the best place to go during hurricane preparedness month. . the customer is always king at the big-box retailer's return counter. they take back almost anything, with no questions asked. . two words: free samples. with that being said, your shopping success at costco largely depends on your skills as a hunter gatherer. if you're one of the feeble members of the shopping herd, well, evolve or die. ok. we know it's a warehouse store and the whole concept is no-frills retailing. but does no frills mean no staff? just try and find costco personnel walking the floor driving a forklift doesn't count who can answer customer questions. an overheard conversation at compusa: customer: "will this network card work with linux?" salesperson: "well, it works with windows nt, and windows nt is a lot like linux, so yeah, it will work we understand that selling computer equipment and supplies is one of the more challenging areas in the retail world. technology is changing on an almost monthly basis. also, in what other business does the customer pool have such a broad range, from what's-a-hard-disk neophytes to unsung geniuses on the brink of the next internet breakthrough? with inconsistent service, compusa's sales staff seems to reflect this diverse consumer group. when they're not upselling you a printer, digital camera, pda and flat-screen television to go with your new computer, they're trying to figure out where the power switch is. however, if you know what you want and you need it now, there is no better place than compusa. the parking lot at its ala moana blvd. location is as vast as its selection, so you can quickly run in and be back to your server in no time. one tip to get service quickly at compusa: pick up the box of the most expensive computer or peripheral that you can find and start walking over to the cash register. the salespeople, hoping to cash in on a quick commission, will be all over you faster than you can say "megahertz." oceanic time warner cable . it's the first night of oceanic time warner cable's pay-per-view university of hawaii football broadcast. for a mere for the entire season, cable subscribers can have warrior home games beamed live to their houses. however, a surge in orders on game day overwhelms oceanic circuits and hundreds of customers are blacked out. after an hour of busy signals, this viewer got through to an oceanic customer service rep, who offered no apology, and blamed the backup on subscribers who were trying to reboot their digital control boxes. the attitude was no different with the higher-ups, apparently. "the game itself didn't fail to deliver, so we're real pleased with that," said norman santos, oceanic time warner cable vice president of operations, in a honolulu star-bulletin article the next day. we wouldn't know, norman. we didn't see the game. however, all succeeding games were broadcast without a hitch. further evidence that we can't live without the company: its easy-to-operate, relatively problem-free digital video recorder has to be the most significant development in the couch-potato universe since, well, cable television. do you like what you read? subscribe to hawaii business magazine
__label__non_math	1.0000	get the latest headlines directly to your inbox. breaking news - directly to your inbox contact your local online rep now check out our latest competitions and enter to win great prizes. you need guidance if you are too fully experience this period of transformation in the most positive way. wastefulness of time and...
__label__non_math	0.9999	our family law practice includes the representation of parents and grandparents in custody and visitation matters. recently, the alabama supreme court struck down all grandparent visitation statutes as unconstitutional. the following information is based upon the prior statutes. it is expected that legislation will soon be proposed that will again provide grandparent visitation in limited situations. grandparents visitation rights in the state of alabama will depend upon the best interests of the child. a grandparent may file a petition requesting visitation if any one of the following situations exist: - the parents are divorced - a parent or parent is deceased - the child was born out of wedlock - the child was abandoned by a parent - the grandparents have been denied visitation. in determining the best interests of the child, the court may consider the following factors: relationship of the parties, preference of the child, the mental and physical health of the child, the mental and physical health of the grandparents, any evidence of domestic violence in the home and the wishes of the parents. for experienced family lawyers for assistance with grandparent rights in child custody, visitation, or other family law matters, contact the hawkins law firm.
__label__non_math	0.9975	one person was taken to the hospital on april following a wreck that could have been much worse. according to perry county sheriff s deputy elmer fugate, a driver of a jeep cherokee pulled out of a parking area on the 699 in cornettsville at the same time a flatbed truck turned around a bend. the two collided damaging the jeep and sending its driver to the hospital. according to one deputy the wreck was surprisingly not as bad as it could have been considering the blind curve in the road. the jeep s driver s injuries were described as non-life threatening and the driver of the flatbed truck was not taken to the hospital. the road was closed briefly while crews cleaned up the accident. authorities said that many of the turns on 699 and hwy are blind turns and it is lucky these kinds of accidents don t happen more often.
__label__non_math	1.0000	elizabeth graf, , of bulan, died friday, november at the hospice care center in hazard. she was a retired factory worker for washington air brake company, and the daughter of the late john r. hitchins and the late josephine stephenson. she was also preceded in death by her granddaughter, jessica graf, four brothers, and two sisters. she is survived by her daughter, jill smith; sons roy graf and james j. graf; grandchildren brooke, mindy, samantha, and mac; six great-grandchildren; and a host of family and friends. arrangements are being handled by maggard mountain view chapel of hazard, where a memorial service was held on monday, nov. with charles miller officiating.
__label__non_math	1.0000	a slew of "hot prowl" burglaries have occurred over the last three weeks in huntington beach neighborhoods, according to the huntington beach police department. "hot prowl" refers to crimes committed while a resident is home. there have been more than reported cases of residences and vehicles being broken into in the areas of indianapolis avenue and bushard street and indianapolis avenue and newland street. the most recent burglaries happened feb. and near the bushard street intersection. the break-ins have occurred between and a.m. while residents were sleeping, according to police. the suspects were apparently gaining access into houses through unlocked sliding back doors or side doors. vehicles that were broken into also had unlocked doors, police said. there were some attempted burglaries, but locked doors prevented the suspects from entering, according to a huntington beach police facebook post regarding the crimes. police patrol has been increased in the area, but police are asking for residents to lock all their doors and report any suspicious activity, sgt. jerry abrahams said. det. jerry goodspeed added that residents should remove any valuable belongings from their vehicle to remove some of the lure for thieves. according to the facebook post, the suspects are two males in their early 20s driving a white panel van. the post includes a surveillance photo. the first string of burglaries occurred jan. in the area of indianapolis avenue and newland street. cash, ipads and jewelry are the main items being stolen from houses and vehicles, police said. about a week later, on jan. , another batch of burglaries popped up in the same neighborhood. those with information are asked to call det. goodspeed at 714 536- or sgt. abrahams at 714 536-.
__label__non_math	0.9981	l. t. wells jr. keywords: metals and minerals; duopoly and oligopoly; wells, l. t., jr. "minerals: eroding oligopolies." in beyond free trade: firms, governments, and global competition, edited by d. b. yoffie, 335 . boston, ma: harvard business school press, . view profile view publications infrastructure and privatization louis t wells jr revised from original version ganging up on cancer: integrative research centers at the dana-farber cancer institute b heidi k. gardner, edo bedzra and shereef m. elnahal keywords: health disorders; japanese multinationals in foreign disputes: do they behave differently and does it matter for host countries? l. t. wells jr. and chieko tsuchiya division of faculty research harvard business schoolsoldiers field boston, ma
__label__non_math	0.9991	professor thomas mccraw boston thomas mccraw, the isidor straus professor of business history emeritus at harvard business school, has received the biennial award from the international joseph a. schumpeter society iss for his book prophet of innovation: joseph schumpeter and creative destruction the belknap press, . the prize was recently awarded at the society's 12th conference, "technological innovation and development," in rio de janeiro, brazil. prophet of innovation is the biography of harvard university professor joseph a. schumpeter - , who made his mark as the prophet of incessant change and is arguably one of the most significant economists and business theorists of the past century. mccraw's book chronicles schumpter's tumultuous life spanning two world wars, the great depression, and the early cold war. drawing on all of schumpeter's writings, including many private diaries and letters never before used, mccraw paints the full portrait of a magnetic figure. as the book details, schumpeter regarded "creative destruction" as the driving force of capitalism. according to this theory, nearly all businesses fail, victims of innovation by their competitors. businesspeople ignore this lesson at their peril; to survive, they must be entrepreneurial and think strategically. in schumpeter's view, the general prosperity produced by the "capitalist engine" far outweighs the wreckage it leaves behind. mccraw's biography has also been honored by the business history conference and the history of economics society. read the hbs bulletin's review of prophet of innovation: founded in , the international joseph a. schumpeter society aims to further research in the spirit of joseph a. schumpeter, particularly the scientific study of the problems of development in advanced economies. headquartered in germany, iss has 412 members from countries. additional information can be found here: about thomas mccraw in addition to prophet of innovation, mccraw has authored or co-authored a number of books, including american business, : how it worked , the intellectual venture capitalist: john h. mcarthur and the work of the harvard business school , and creating modern capitalism: how entrepreneurs, companies, and countries triumphed in three industrial revolutions . his book morgan versus lilienthal: the feud within the tva won the william p. lyons award. prophets of regulation: charles francis adams, louis d. brandeis, james m. landis, alfred e. kahn won both the pulitzer prize for history and the thomas newcomen award, which is given for the best book on the history of business published over a three-year period. at harvard business school, mccraw served as a director of research and chair and co-chair of the business, government, and the international economy unit . he was associate editor of the encyclopedia of the united states in the twentieth century and has been a member of the council of the massachusetts historical society, founded in as part of harvard university, harvard business school is located on a -acre campus in boston. its faculty of more than 200 offers full-time programs leading to the mba and doctoral degrees, as well as more than open enrollment executive education programs and more than custom programs. for more than a century, hbs faculty have drawn on their research, their experience in working with organizations worldwide, and their passion for teaching to educate leaders who have shaped the practice of business and entrepreneurship around the globe. harvard business school boston, ma
__label__non_math	0.9988	schopf, j. william adult nonfiction qh325 .s384 summary: one of the greatest mysteries in reconstructing the history of life on earth has been the apparent absence of fossils dating back more than 550 million years. we have long known that fossils of sophisticated marine life-forms existed at the dawn of the cambrian period, but until recently scientists had found no traces of precambrian fossils. the quest to find such traces began in earnest in the mid-1960s and culminated in one dramatic moment in when william schopf identified fossilized microorganisms three and a half "billion years old. this startling find opened up a vast period of time--some eighty-five percent of earth's history--to new research and new ideas about life's beginnings. in this book, william schopf, a pioneer of modern paleobiology, tells for the first time the exciting and fascinating story of the origins and earliest evolution of life and how that story has been unearthed. gracefully blending his personal story of discovery with the basics needed to understand the astonishing science he describes, schopf has produced an introduction to paleobiology for the interested reader as well as a primer for beginning s question about returns, requests or other account details? add a comment
__label__non_math	0.9766	we chose hcl as a strategic partner for their deep sap technical expertise, their rigorous implementation methodology, and their skills in process optimization and change management. - it director, britvic plc imro is built as an add-on to sap's enterprise central component erp version . . the next release, imro release , is compatible with sap's enhancement pack for erp and the discrete industry solution add-on. unlike many other independent certified software add-ons, imro is built using sap's netweaver development platform to sap's internal development standards, including user interface, accessibility and back-end erp integration standards - such as using sap's enterprise service repository and business application programming interfaces. this means that imro requires no additional hardware or software applications to install, maintain, upgrade etc. as it runs on the sap server directly. even imro's java sapgui jsag pages are managed within sap's development environment. as a result, users of sap erp will be able to seamlessly run imro transactions without logging onto a separate application, re-using their sap user, authorizations, menus, navigation, mastertemplate data, transactions data, business processes etc. users will not even be aware when they are switching between sap erp screens and imro screens, apart if they can spot the user interface improvements in imro
__label__non_math	0.9997	friday news roundup: dwindling elk herds and the end of new coal plants? with beautiful, unseasonably warm weather this week, the west's normally hungry news watchers had trouble keeping our eyes on the computer screens and away from the fruit trees blooming outside. rallying our strengths, we found birds and elk did not fare well in western news this week. our cheer at the climate-conscious news coming from environmental protection agency was tempered by disheartening reports on our immigration policies from amnesty international. we will hope for continued fair weather and better news next week. here is what caught our attention: energy and pollution arguably the biggest national environmental news this week was the environmental protection agency s release tuesday of a proposed rule limiting the carbon dioxide emissions from new power plants. recently built natural gas powered plants will easily meet the new standards, unlike the pre-existing coal plants. the standards are expected to effectively spell the end of newly built coal plants. while lisa jackson told reporters that the epa has no plans to regulate existing sources, that may, nonetheless, come in the future. since co2 and other greenhouse gasses are now legally considered pollutants, the epa is obligated to regulate them. by the time that happens, though, the planet's bound to be quite a few degrees warmer. late last january, a tube carrying hot, radioactive water sprang a leak in one of the reactors at the san onofre nuclear generating station. the plant has since been closed. this week authorities announced the plant will likely remain shut throughout the summer, until serious problems with the equipment can be fixed. for southern californians, who suffered blackouts last year, this is bad news. state officials are working on plans for avoiding power outages in the coming months. in other nuclear power news, the department of energy believes clusterable mini-reactors may be a future power solution. the department recently announced million dollars are available to support engineering and licensing. a rough winter, hunters and attacks from wolves, bears and mountain lions have been harsh on a major elkherd that migrates annually through yellowstone national park. the herd, which years ago was about ,000 strong, is down to less than ,200 animals today. in the last year the population has dropped percent, authorities say. in washington state, thousands of swans have died after ingesting lead shot, prompting an outcry from environmentalists. a hundred organizations in states are asking the epa to usher in an era of non-toxic ammunition. also for the birds: the department of the interior recently released guidelines for helping wind energy developers to minimize the impact on wildlife, those with wings in particular. the guidelines are voluntary and address site selection, project design and operation. wind energy is a key part of the obama administration s energy plans, said ken salazar, secretary of the interior. we re committed to working with developers to ensure that wind energy projects are build in the right places and operated in the right way. a new report by amnesty international, a global watchdog for human rights, details rights violations caused by immigration enforcement in the u.s. southwest. federal and state policies have pushed undocumented immigrants into using dangerous routes, increased racial profiling, barred access to education and essential health care including for children who are u.s. citizens and targeted immigrant and indigenous communities for discrimination. wyoming is a risky place to work. reports say it lacks a culture of safety and the leadership support to change it. the state routinely ranks among the highest in the nation for workforce fatality rates. this year, wyoming families will lose an estimated fathers, mothers, husbands, wives, sons and daughters. the state legislature passed a bill this month that offers employers yet more grants and safety advice as a means of improving workers safety, but does little to monitor and enforce safety regulations, a move which has drawn criticism from longtime watchers of worker safety in the state. water, a perennial issue out west, travels through a complex infrastructure in sore need of upgrades. from the global water news site, circle of blue comes, a photographic slide show cataloging our aging aqueducts, water towers and sewer tunnels. for more on water, see our longstanding water coverage. and with that, onward to the weekend... danielle venton is an intern at high country news. images: san onofre nuclear generating station, courtesy of rian castillo flickr. installing sewer pipes under the roads of kearney, nebraska in . the town economically boomed in the late 1800s due to the railroad, then quickly went bust. courtesy of the nebraska state historical society circle of blue.
__label__non_math	0.9999	feds targeted by louder thunder from below johnson, the leader of the so-called "cowboy caucus' in the utah house of representatives, feared the "steam might have gone out of the movement" to wrest control of the west from the federal government. it was just the opposite. the recent election results spurred more than 500 people to crowd into a downtown hotel to listen to pep talks from sympathetic members of congress and organize strategies to defeat grazing reform, protect state control of water rights, and preserve road rights-of-way across public land. "there's a great difference in attitude," said jack barraclough, a republican member of the idaho house of representatives, noting that changes in federal policy being discussed at the meeting are "things that people thought impossible only a few months ago." "there's new hope that we can make a difference," said tom hatch, a commissioner from utah's garfield county. rep. james v. hansen, r-utah, received thunderous applause when he told the group: "i honestly feel that one of the most prudent things we could do is to pass legislation that turns over the blm lands to the states ... i can testify, and i believe with all my heart, that the legislative bodies of the west absolutely can take as good care of the ground as the federal government and do it cheaper and better." ray baum, leader of the republican majority in the oregon house of representatives, said states want more than just control of the land. they want the right to set their own policies for environmental protection, endangered species, welfare, and health care. "in we fought a war against too much states' rights. but the pendulum has swung too far in the other direction. now we're in the middle of a quiet revolution in which the states are taking back their role from the feds." he argued, for example, that oregon laws protecting endangered species and regulating the timber industry should prevail on federal lands, not laws passed by congress. "we the state can protect the salmon and spotted owl, and still have timber production. the federal government just doesn't get it," said baum. aubyn a. curtiss, a republican member of the montana house of representatives, said western legislators are beginning to work together to create a "unified approach" on the state-sovereignty issue. "we live there. our local economies are important to us. we should have more participation in the federal decision-making process," she said. some protesters from the sierra club held a brief demonstration outside the hotel during the meeting's second day. but just as the camera crews from local television stations were setting up to shoot the event, about people from the summit raced out of the building carrying their own signs and held a counter-demonstration on the sidewalk. lawson legate, southwest regional representative for the sierra club, led his side in chants like: "public lands in public hands," and "wise use or wise abuse." charles s. cushman, executive director of the american land rights association, responded from his group with such chants as: "what do we hate? babbitt back inside, sen. orrin hatch, r-utah, warned that the "euphoria" of the recent election needs to be balanced by the "cold hard fact" that eight of the the republicans in the u.s. senate are "very liberal." this could make it hard to pass many of the reforms sought by western conservatives, he said. the salt lake city meeting was the third western summit. previous sessions were held in phoenix and denver. the writer works for the salt lake tribune.
__label__non_math	0.9992	land grants under the microscope "come on, help me out," he says, flashing a smile at the audience. it's a trick, and it works - the rows of ranchers, farmers, politicians and professors say the word, then laugh as they hit upon the larger truth: this is not only a university that is not exclusive, but one that actively resists exclusivity. land-grant universities like new mexico state are mandated to keep the interests of working, rural people at heart. and new mexico, which ranks 48th in per capita income in the nation, and where one-third of the people live in unincorporated areas, has no shortage of clients. owens' message is that new mexico state is serving the state's working people very well, thank you. he talks about the increasing number of minority students on campus, the university's nearly open-enrollment policy, and the cooperative extension agents who help with everything from increasing pecan yields in do a ana county to establishing food stamps as legal tender in the santa fe farmer's market. owens isn't playing to the 200 or so new mexicans who have traveled from all over the state to sit in the ballroom, drinking coffee and occasionally waving at each other. the real audience is the six-person panel at the end of the room. they are agricultural experts who arrived yesterday. they are members of the washington, d.c.-based national science foundation's board on agriculture. new mexico state is the board's first stop in a sweep of six colleges of agriculture. they will eventually make policy recommendations to congress on land-grant universities. the new mexicans are as defensive as a teenager meeting a probation officer. words like "assess' and "recommend" mean only one thing in : cuts. one new mexico state scientist stalked out, growling, "i know what we're doing here. but what are they doing here?" another said, "to establish rapport and get trust you don't just walk in and say, "hi, we're the government, and we're here to help." " a supremely democratic john kenneth galbraith said you can't understand an institution if you don't understand the conditions that led to its creation. the land grants were created more than a century ago, when this was a young, poor country with a western frontier and a distaste for the elite european model of university education. these colleges would break ground both in who they served and what they taught. they were "agricultural and mechanical" schools for the working class; they were a supremely democratic and anti-british institution. writer james michener called the morrill act - the land grants' enabling legislation - one of the three finest laws ever created by congress. by world war i, the land grants had also taken on the reponsibility to house extension services which would take the fruits of agricultural research into rural communities. over the next century, the system was spectacularly successful. the american farmer went from feeding four people with his labors to feeding more than . with the help of the land grants, industrialization took hold of agriculture. but industrialization favored well-to-do producers, and then corporations, over small farmers. family farms got absorbed into bigger operations. agriculture, thanks in large part to the land-grant system, started to leave rural people and environmental issues out of the equation. rachel carson first blew the whistle on the environmental ills of industrialized agriculture in her classic work, silent spring. but it was jim hightower, in his book hard tomatoes, hard times, who first revealed that the land grants had abandoned the working people they were supposed to help. "there literally has been nothing personal in the land-grant community's effort over the last years to replace men with machines and chemicals," wrote hightower. "those workers are considered only as "units' or "inputs," no different than the machinery that replaces them. it is not that researchers have it in for farm workers; chances are that they just do not know any." hightower's critique spawned followers. the land grants have plenty of scrutiny these days. forward-looking agriculture groups have sprung up to help the farmers who weren't being supported by the land grants - small farmers, farmers interested in sustainable agricultural practices. the land grants have taken a beating in the press, largely through the efforts of farmer-authors gene logsdon and wendell berry. and private foundations have gotten in on the game: new mexico state dean of agriculture john owens points out that no less than articles, visioning processes, or committee reports are currently being drawn up on the future of the land-grant universities. gradual and cataclysmic how, then, does a system with 105 colleges, an annual research budget of nearly billion taxpayer dollars, and decades-old relationships with agricultural groups, corporations and state legislatures, change? slowly, as a rule. as in nature, evolution in the land-grant system is characterized by both gradual and cataclysmic change. sometimes nothing seems to be changing at all. take the example of george wuerthner, a well-known montana environmentalist. he tells his story page of being frozen out of a montana state university ph.d. program before he even began. but, almost imperceptibly, old-guard "cheap food at any cost" faculty who retire are being replaced by scientists who grew up reading rachel carson, aldo leopold, and even wendell berry and jim hightower. extension agents are now being trained in sustainable agriculture, an endeavor which is being aided by sustainable grassroots groups from outside the land grants, like the alternative energy resources organization aero in montana. in , the u.s. department of agriculture reserved a special fund - now called the sustainable agriculture research and education sare project - exclusively for alternative agriculture projects. but these earmarked funds amount to a drop in the bucket: of the .million is in the sare program. tenure has both helped and hurt. or perhaps it's more accurate to say it safeguards, but slows, reform. on one hand, it protects plenty of academic dead wood - good old boys with close ties to industry groups, coasting toward retirement on the government dole. but it has also safeguarded people like lyle mcneal and jerry holechek, innovative scientists profiled in this issue. mcneal, whose story begins on page , is helping the navajo sheep producers retain their culture and restore their rangeland. holechek has taken on the sacred cow of maintaining cattle numbers on the public range. he says that western ranchers, and the range, would thrive if there were about a third less cattle there. he appears on page . both scientists have put up with much muttering in their departments, but they've both been protected by their universities. to the extent that it safeguards the freedom of thought of its proven scientists, the system works. yet it may be that reformers who work outside the structure of the land grants have a greater - or at least more "cataclysmic'- impact. for all their inertia and insistence that everything is just fine, the land grants are looking for new ideas with the eagle eye of a hollywood talent scout. and if someone out there is doing something the land grants think they themselves should be doing, they will jump on it. take the practical farmers of iowa, organized a decade ago because farmers weren't getting what they needed from iowa state university: on-farm research on sustainable agriculture. they started doing it for themselves, and within three years iowa state came knocking at their door. now they work together. the courting can go both ways. maverick scientists have a lot to gain by aligning themselves with the wealthy, powerful land-grant system. that is what wes jackson did. jackson is a geneticist who taught at the university of california before co-founding the land institute in salina, kansas, years ago. he's spent the last two decades researching the food-producing potential of unbroken prairie, far from the confines of a university atmosphere. last year, with peer-reviewed scientific articles in hand, he courted - and won - the partnership of kansas state university, which lies miles of cornfields away from the land institute. that partnership will give him the legitimacy he considers necessary to seek funding to align agriculture and ecology. his story begins on page . or take kamyar enshayan and gene logsdon, who have been thorns in the side of ohio state university's college of agriculture for years, insisting that it own up to its pro-industrial bias and serve sustainable agriculture. as often as not, their target was fred miller, the former head of the department of agronomy and currently the head of the school of natural resources at ohio state. miller appears on page , defending the agricultural status quo in what has come to be called the memo war. bitter as it was, it is now history. four years later, miller has changed his tune. this spring, in an article called "forces driving changes in colleges of agriculture," he wrote about "a new paradigm" in agriculture characterized by "undergirding production agriculture with a social objective of sustainability, environmental compatibility, and stewardship of the natural resource base upon which both agriculture and our rural-urban society are dependent for their sustenance, economy, and ecological well-being." one thing is clear. academics still write like academics. but it's also clear that the land grants have been challenged. and in their own, ponderous way, they are responding to that challenge. n
__label__non_math	0.9727	death on the road however, in comparison to the deaths that occurred in the drilling industry from to in the states of colorado, utah, montana, new mexico, wyoming, and north dakota, there were approximately ,600 deaths as a result of traffic accidents more than 100 times the rate for drilling-related fatalities we continue to slaughter anywhere from ,000 to more than ,000 people annually on our highways nationwide, and my feeling is that everyone except the survivors pretty much yawns when this astounding number is reported. this is a strange paradox, in view of the frenzy we get in when very low numbers of deaths occur from something statistically irrelevant but bizarre or unusual. i note here the bird flu, hantavirus and west nile fever, none of which have killed very many people in the u.s. at all, but all of which have received, and continue to receive, large amounts of commentary and analysis in the media. you may say that traffic fatalities are so widely dispersed and have so many causes under a variety of conditions that preventative action is extremely difficult, while in the case of drilling fatalities, something more direct can have an immediate impact. i would agree with that, but i would still assert that we have come to live with the enormous cost of traffic deaths without getting appropriately angry and responsive. grand junction, colorado
__label__non_math	0.9981	emaar mgf, one of the admirable real estate builders in india appears as a joint venture between mgf developments limited and emaar properties pjsc emaar of dubai. emaar mgf, one of the admirable real estate builders in india appears as a joint venture between mgf developments limited and emaar properties pjsc emaar of dubai. this collaboration has brought in the largest fdi in india's real estate space and opened up the horizons of tomorrow. emaar mgf is engaged in pan-india projects in residential, commercial, infrastructure and hospitality sectors in integrated master plans and special economic zones . emaar is one of the world's leading real estate companies with operations in countries. whereas, over the last years, mgf has established itself as one of the key players in retail real estate development in india. by february , the company came in action with its operations in india. the company means entailing the various aspects of real estate development, such as land identification and acquisition, project planning, designing, marketing and execution. at present, its intention comes on the development of residential projects in delhi and elsewhere in the ncr, mohali, hyderabad, chennai and other key indian cities. india is a vital market for emaar the company that has committed usd billion towards development of real estate projects across metros and tier ii cities. the company comes with a mission is to develop and deliver unique integrated lifestyle through its focus on high quality architecture, strong project execution and our customer-centric approach. emaar mgf intends to develop 'integrated master planned communities' comprising residential projects along with one or more community facilities, including retail and commercial developments. heralding a change in gurgaon real estate, emaar mgf group has been credited with excellent commercial and residential projects in india. emaar mgf imperial gardens dwarka expressway, sector 102 gurgaon is a fabulous example of what their team can do to give the best for buyers. life time is not calculated by the amount of breaths we take but by the moments that take our breath away. emaar mgf gurgaon greens new projects gurgaon is one of those places where you feel such a moment. emaar mgf gurgaon greens is individually crafted for a dissimilar group of people that require the highest standard of exclusivity and modern elegance. buying your first house. a house that matches your aspiration that you always nurtured even when you were a child, shaping the dream home passionately in sand. year later you have taken one step at a time making your dreams real. here, emaar mgf as a leading innovator to have brought forward the contemporary metropolitan development in presenting the quality and luxury living consistent to make the people content with its features...
__label__non_math	0.9962	as i prepare to move and increasingly run out of space, time to let a few more of my motu goodies go. i'm selling a complete sticker set, in album, of the live-action motion picture, released by panini. it has all 225 stickers neatly inserted, and comes complete with the hard-to-find poster with all foil chase stickers the album itself i would rate in c9 condition. click here to see listing i will ship this item worldwide note than on some of my other larger items i do not ; but as always, exact postage may vary depending on your exact location, so please check before bidding if unsure. this is a really nice collectors piece and i'd love it to go to a fellow fan fs: mib first release classics, mib 200x, complete vintage figure set, sdcc art book, more...
__label__non_math	0.9946	i'm really curious how many have cancelled and would like to know how hard or easy it was. this is something i feel i need to do after a rather underwhelming reveal and especially after after scott's rather condescending video. i don't know if there is more q a but i cant seem to find it here on on the matty site. i know most love the castle and thats great, but its not for me. i'm really just interested in how the cancellation process worked. last edited by seth-man; at . reason: typo let's keep the debate over grayskull out of this thread. keep it to posting if you canceled and how hard or easy it was. thanks. i haven't canceled yet, but i probably will. i'm going to wait and see how much thinner the plastic is at sdcc before i do cancel. keep the "classicized" 200x heads in motuc matty savings for the year because of no dos purchases: i was thinking about canceling after i saw the size reduced but the thing that made me actually do it was the usual smart a attitude remarks scott gave us. the constant if you don't like it cancel remarks got me mad enough to say fine i will. i went to my bank and told them to not accept the charge when it comes up. i told them it was a shady business deal and the company was trying to pull a fast one so don't allow it on my card. which is not far from the truth. subscribe or die update: the cutting block "skeletor to king randor, skeletor to king randor, come in you royal boob i cancelled it pretty easily. i just emailed them that i wanted to cancel it, it came off my order page, and i received a confirmation email stating that it was cancelled. "everything comes to he who waits." what he's saying is we need to avoid arguing the merits of cancelling, not how to cancel. official cancellation count so far: i cancelled one of my orders given the changes. at first i called and the customer service rep said i couldnt, so then i email with links to some of scotts comments and i got an email a few days later confirming the cancellation. my feedback thread: that makes . screen shot at ...png thanks for all who responded. for he most part it was easy i did get scared this morning because i received an email saying my order was already shipped and i would have to return it for a refund : : but i could have copied the wrong order in one of my emails. minutes later i received more emails confirming my confirmation. so at least on of my requested went through. one requested i chose to copy my order the other request i made i chose to write my e-mail to link my account. on a positive note i do hope the of cancellations is relevant enough that they realize the need to through fans another bone per cg order. who knows... if this playset dose truly get better, i still might consider buying back in or day of. of course it would be more then...so we'll see. last edited by seth-man; at . i do have a tip for those of you that want to cancel. avoid canceling your credit card. it can potentially ruin your credit if you aren't actually doing it because of fraudulent charges. i want na skeletor and rio blast and i want them now i will add in another but it isn't mine. my friend got back into he man...again..for like the 7th time since we have met. anyway, he did the email customer service things but it was early on just after the announcement. he sent his request to cancel and got a reply that he could not cancel a pre order due to this that or the other thing. he happily replied with a thank you and said that since it was announced that one could cancel it and they said he couldn't the next people they would be speaking to on his behalf was his lawyer. within a few hours he got or so emails deeply apologizing, cancellation of pre order confirmed and so on. so any ways that makes i suppose. i still dig the big green rock and am sticking with it unless sdcc kills it somehow. find what you seek only when you look in the right places... ok, i cancelled my order, didn t wait till sdcc. it was easy, i received the email confirmation, but it s a shame because i really wanted a cg, but this version is not 4me. guess that makes us i cancelled my order aswell, so that makes it cancelling was easy. i just sent a message to the customerservice from using the e-form and received a confirmation n less that hrs. good to know they're making it easy and painless it sounds. sure hope this thread doesn't blow up post-sdcc . . . i assume everyone who has cancelled had a preorder of just one castle. it would be good to hear from customers who ordered multiple castles and then want to cancel part but not all of their preorder. how easy or hard is that, i wonder? fire bad. fire burn toys i do t think you can cancel just of your castles, you'd have to cancel all and preorder at the current rate. pre-ordered cg's, not happy with the size and largely due to the "broken" promises by scott , so cancelled of those just holding till sdcc. i may buy this one for 4hm's work , so lets hope for the best i ordered one when they first went up, based entirely on the specs and assurances given at the time. the grayskull revealed is not the one i ordered - not the one which in good faith was sold to me. this, combined with the fact that there is almost relative assurance that the final product will be yet even further diminished, puts me into a position where i just can't rationalize this level of expenditure for something - or rather something else, in a growing list - which doesn't meet expectations.
__label__non_math	0.8805	pros: world-class sound review audeze lcd-planar magnetic headphones the announcement was a well-kept secret, and it hit the head-fi community like a ton of bricks. audeze was coming out with a new headphone, the lcd-, which would feature a new driver, new pads, slightly uprated cosmetics, and would cost ,950 roughly double what the popular lcd-cost. explosions ensued. there were lots of people very upset about the much higher price. i was intrigued. i sought out a pair at canjam, and having liked what i heard in what was admittedly a very difficult environment to judge open headphones, i asked alex from audeze if i could get a review pair sent. he obliged, and here we are. audeze made huge strides over the months the lcd-were in production in terms of improving ergonomics and comfort, and these are all in play in the lcd- much softer leather earpads, leather headband, angled cable exits, etc. the lcd-has a metal cable exit rather than the extruded wood. i think this is a very wise move. not sure it s a cosmetic improvement, but given that there were quite a few reports of splits in the wood of the lcd- s cable junction, i think this was a wise move. personal opinion: i like dark wood, and i prefer the darker wood of my original lcd-over the zebra-wood of the lcd-. the wood finish is nicer on the lcd-to be sure, but i like darker wood. that s just me, though. many will like this look better. the dark brown leather is very nice looking, and matches the grill color well. judge for yourself: as you can see, the lcd-comes in a ver nice wood box, and includes some leather conditioner, as well as balanced and unbalanced cables. i think the lcd-are much more comfortable than the lcd-, also, and this is largely due to the much cushier pads. sources uses: rwa audeze edition dac, ava vision hybrid dac, mhdt havana dac, all playing lossless music files. amps used: rwa audeze edition, leben cs-300, trafomatic head one, meier audio corda classic; marantz , pioneer sx-, sansui 9090db receivers. headphones compared: audeze lcd-r1, sony mdr-r10, beyerdynamic t1, hifiman he- cables used: alo cain mail balanced, q-audio unbalanced so, before we can possibly tackle the question of value, we have to first decide how the things sound. and there is no doubt that they sound excellent. but that isn t good enough. a high-end headphone must go beyond that. it was ok for the lcd-to sound just excellent. the lcd-needs to sound even better it has to be at the pinnacle of headphone sound to play at this price point. and, in the opinion of this reviewer, it is indeed. the lcd-has a coherency, transparency and top to bottom consistency of sound that rate it as the very best headphone i have ever heard. take just one example diana krall s do nothing til you hear from me from stepping out . the bowed cello solo in the middle is the most lifelike reproduction of a cello i have ever heard. the stand-up bass is deep and powerful but with a truly astounding level of definition. and diana s vocals are cleanly rendered in a very lifelike way. that deep bass was very much in evidence again on mastodon's "the hunter", by the recent album of the same name. bass is as deep and powerful as one could even ask for, and actually manages to best the lcd-in terms of definition and taughtness while not giving up any weight. this is as good as bass performance gets via headphones. the lcd-have no equal that i have ever heard in this regard. midrange performance was also absolutely first rate. there is a slight lushness to the mids, i feel - i'm not sure how else to describe it. i know one head-fier has described the lcd-as "creamy". i am not sure that's the word i would use, but the mids are surely beautiful, while not sounding colored in any way. i think you can see this in the frequency response chart below, there is a small measured dip at the upper end of the midrange, and i think this is what keeps the mids from ever crossing over into overly-bright territory. nonetheless when guitar has bite, the lcd-'s reproduce the bite, but not in a way that's painful - in a way that seems always very natural. "cosmic egg" from the wolfmother album of the same way evidences this nicely. i think it bears mention that, from the fr chart above, supplied with my review pair, the fr is not markedly different from the lcd-fr charts i have seen. nonetheless, the lcd-are more neutral sounding than the lcd-. i liked the lcd- s slightly dark tonal balance a lot, but there is none of that in evidence with the lcd-. i would definitely not call them bright though. in fact, i found them to be so neutral as to be difficult to get a handle on sometimes. i started listening to them on my vintage marantz . i thought they sounded very good, but thought they were missing something at the top that i was sure i had heard at can jam. so i quickly moved them to the red wine audio audeze edition, and there it was that treble extension that i hadn t noticed before that the vintage marantz lacks probably not surprisingly . the rwa ae was much more adept as driving the lcd-than the marantz. the doesn t lack at all for power, but doesn t seem to have the nuance that the ae does. and the lcd-laid this very plain, in no time at all. all that transparency and neutrality isn t always a universally good thing, though. there was a degree to which the lcd-allowed one to listen to sub-par recordings and not immediately be struck by how poor they are. not so with the lcd-. the waterboys this is the sea from the album of the same name came up on my ipod which goes digitally via the pure i20 into the rwa ae s dac and i thought wow that sounds really, really awful but that is just how that recording sounds. it s sinfully bright, and that is how the lcd-rendered it. up right after it was nickel creek s best of luck from why should the fire die , and that sounded terrific, as i would expect. all well recorded material sounded really, really good, and in fact, was the best i have ever personally heard from a headphone, including my beloved sony mdr-r10. the lcd-, though, are better than the mdr-r10. they are more even in frequency response, and just slightly more transparent. the r-have a phenomenal midrange, and so do the lcd-. the r-have a little peakiness in parts of the treble, though, that i do not hear from the lcd-. and the bass on the r-is also a little pronounced in the midbass and a little lacking in the very deep bass versus the lcd-. i find the lcd-to be a remarkably neutral transducer. i do not hear any obvious frequency-response aberrations with the lcd-. in this way it departs from the lcd- the is more neutral sounding to these ears, and this is most germane in the treble. the lcd-featured a shelved-down treble, which i personally liked, but as such it was not flat from 20hz-20khz. the lcd-has much less of this in terms of both the measured performance, and even less in terms of what i hear. and yet, the treble is not aggressive or biting, but very pure and sweet. again, the lcd-will not hide a recording with a nasty treble though. if it s there, you will hear it. and i think that defines the lcd-for me. the combination of a very neutral frequency response and an almost startling transparency are its hallmarks. the vast majority of the time i enjoyed listening to music through the lcd-more than i ever have with headphones. alison krauss s new record, paper airplane, is a terrific recordings, and it sounded just terrific on the lcd-. alison s vocals were beautiful. same for steven wilson s, on postcard from his new and terrifically recorded grace for drowning . the song is just haunting, and it sounds beautiful on the lcd-. then again, i have some metal records that are super-aggressive sounding, and the lcd-laid them bare. such is life. for those i will probably stick with the lcd-. but one cannot blame the messenger one result of the combination of the neutrality and transparency is an outstanding retreival of detail and resolution. other headphones i have heard force detail at you my pushing the mid treble up. that's not what is happening here. the resolution is due to the transparency. this is something i have found in evidence in all planar magnetic headphones and speakers i have heard - and it's very much in evidence here. there are some very subtle percussion elements in opeth's "death whispered a lullaby" from "damnation" that i had never really noticed before, but that i was able to hear on the lcd-. i also spent some time comparing the lcd-to the hifiman he-. i find the he-to have just a touch more treble energy than is neutral, although overall i find the he-to be an absolutely outstanding pair of headphones, and i listen to them at work almost daily. the lcd-were just better, in every dimension, imo. which isn t to take away from the he-, but i found the lcd-to be more neutral, and just slightly more transparent. i spent the majority of my review time listening to the lcd-on the red wine audio audeze edition, since i felt that it had made the lcd-sound about as good as anything else, and wanted to give the lcd-a very clean signal. i also played them on the leben cs-300, the trafomatic head one, the new and several of my vintage receivers. i also listened to it on the new meier audio corda classic, on which they also sounded great review forthcoming on the meier . they sounded great on the pioneer and sansui receivers, but not as good on the marantz, as mentioned above, just because the lcd-exposed a treble roll-off on the marantz i hadn t been aware of. the lcd-definitely benefit from the best you can give them, but they sounded very good from everything i listened to them on. so it also was with sources. the rwa dac, my mhdt havana, and my ava vision hybrid dac all sounded good, and all sounded different. and to a degree i wasn t quite used to. it was very easy to pick out the differences. the lcd-will make a good source reviewing tool lastly, let s talk about soundstage. the lcd-is excellent in this regard, but in this one area i don t think it is quite state of the art. i think the lcd-is better than the lcd-in this regard, especially in terms of image specificity. but the r-is better in terms of image definition and specificity. the lcd-projects the soundstage out in front of the head somewhat, which i really like it does not feel like the sound is just between your ears, at all. the width is outstanding, and so is the depth. but the images are just not quite as well defined as i hear on some other headphones, like the r-, or even the beyer t1. that said, i am not an imaging freak, and i value tonality and transparency higher. and so for me, the lcd-is as good as it gets. but if soundstage gymnastics are your primary thing, i think i would probably go with something like the hd-800. the lcd-is merely excellent in terms of soundstaging ability. so, overall, where does that leave us? i think the lcd-, as a whole, is the best headphone i have heard. i have never owned any electrostats, but i have had several pairs for review, and have heard quite a few others, and i prefer the meatier sound of the lcd-to any of those. but again, that s not a direct, detailed comparison. someone else will have to offer that. however, the lcd-is a big improvement over the lcd-, and handily beats the beyer t1 which is a headphone i like a lot . i prefer the lcd-to the he-as well, and even prefer it overall to the mdr-r10. and folks, that s saying a mouthful. does that make it worth the asking price? for me, beyond any shadow of a doubt. but i liked the lcd-a great deal as well, and of course, like all reviews, this one is my personal opinion, and nothing more. only you, dear reader, can decide that for yourself. i sure hope you get a chance to hear a pair, though. i don t think you will be disappointed. i am buying the review pair. no way am i letting these go.
__label__non_math	0.5969	maybe spritzer or other stat mafia can chime in on how esp950 works with other amp be it third party or stax amp ? i only have experience with kgss on this particular headphone. ahhh, guess maybe its time for me to get another esp950. i miss it really.....regret selling it edit : just checked amazon, i got it in the past about years ago for 570 now its friggin 900 edited by forbigger - at
__label__non_math	0.5169	this is a review of the future sonics atrio mg7. this model of atrio carry s the latest mg7 drivers i also recently realised the "mg" in the driver names is probably the initials of fs founder, marty garcia lol , which are said to be a great improvement over the previous mg5pro driver which was one ahead of the older mg5 driver , retails for 160. this puts them at somewhat upper mid-level iems in terms of price but in terms of sound, ime they are much higher up the scale. in fact, it is very hard to find a negative review of these iems, the majority of negative statements about these is fit problems. i will talk about this later. out of the box, they sounded pretty good packaging accessories the packaging is very simple but i like it. it comes in a brown, recycled paper box with a cardboard sleeve around it. i love this move towards certified recycled packaging i have always hated non-recycled packaging since i was very young the package includes: atrio mg7 iems, zip carry case really fantastic case, my favourite out of the cases i have laying around comfort isolation i find the atrio to be one of the most comfortable iem ever. it might be due to their shape which sort of moulds to the shape of the outer ear and fitted with the right tips, the isolation is fantastic where it can block out traffic noise on one of sydney s busiest arterial roads tips about tips: i tried a few different tips on the atrio s, here is what i found: - atrio stock bi-flanges: i believe these were used as torture tools in ancient history. i think i remember reading about them in history class back in high-school - atrio stock foam tips: i use the standard size as the large are way too large for me. i absolutely love these tips. they are super comfortable, sound awesome - note: the black stock foams are denser than the yellows. this means the sound stage reduced a little, the highs are not as sparkly and the bass is not as open, the overall sound is a litttle "thicker", compared to the cream foams. the blacks do provide slightly better isolation but i prefer the cream foams. the blacks imo will last longer and seem more dirt wax resistant. - klipsch eargels: ok, here is a tip which is non-atrio but definitely compliments the sound signature. the bass is not a tight as with the stock foam but pretty close. the mids and highs are retained to near perfect levels. the sound stage is definitely not as wide but isolation is great - jays silicon tips: i used these with the monster eartip adapters. they sound decent enough but they somewhat lose out on the balanced natural atrio sound sig, which, let s face it, is one of the major advantages with the atrio - shure black foam olives : these are the best foam tips ever made i believe most people who have a negative experience with the atrio is because of the fit. the shape of the driver casing means they are limited compared to other iems which can go much further in the ear canal due to their shapes. negative comments are normally due to having fit problems with stock tips and replacing with other tips which don t project the atrio fidelity. build cable the build quality seems excellent, just like with the previous atrio s. the cables are fantastic - out-of-the-box: straight out of the box, the iems didn t sound as bad as others, which was exciting. although the bass was not as textured as my burned in older atrio s and the highs were not as smooth. i put them on the burn in process for 50hrs. - treble: to start with, the highs didn t present much smooth sparkle but as time went on, the sparkle came out more and more and the harshness decreased. i agree with other reviews stating there has been a significant upgrade with the high end where it is now much more forward and present compared to the older versions, this is a very welcome upgrade indeed - midrange: mids are extremely well presented. vocals sound great, as if the vocalist and guitarist are right there with me or like a front row seat at a concert - bass: at first, the bass is not as textured like my older atrio but the one thing you notice right away is the lack of mid-bass bloat and absolutely no mid-range bleed many people already know of one other quality unmatched in the iem industry the sub-bass. the atrio drivers move so much air, the sub-bass can be felt and this is one of the most satisfying characteristics because you not only hear your music but you feel it, just like with a full size hi-fi system - soundstage and separation: the sound stage is wide but with the stock foams becomes much wider and is quite impressive for a closed, dynamic driver iem. the separation is fantastic, very clean and natural. this is the philosophy fs have about using dynamic drivers and not multi-ba with crossovers and this is quite evident when you listen to them. the atrio mg7, at , are a fantastic purchase. these do pretty much everything right and are industry leaders with the quality texture separation of the low end. there is a lot of competition at this price point but i still feel the atrio are priced well below their performance. i also feel they are suited to a wide range of genre s as they do everything so well, they would be a safe option for pretty much anyone. these are not all about the bass, the bass is just a contributor to their reputation but they actually do the entire frequency range amazingly well update: i listened to kings of leon 320kbps and it was one of the most amazing listening experiences i have ever had the bass was so tight and controlled and amazingly natural, like i was at a kol concert more information about the future sonics atrio can be found in the following threads: edited by navmau - at
__label__non_math	0.9995	"i knew nothing about cans as you call them days ago, and thanks to your in depth descriptions , and "what we think" i am now an educated consumer. i appreciate that from you and for that and the high praise on the customer reviews you have my business." "i purchased a total bithead amp from you, and i have to say that after nearly constant use, i'm terribly satisfied with it. thanks for doing what you do." - stephen m.
__label__non_math	0.9954	home health aide training program frequently asked questions and answers . who approves home health aide training programs? the new york state department of health and or the new york state education department approve home health aide training programs. agencies must choose to operate home health aide training programs under the approval of either the new york state department of health or the new york state education department. home health aide training programs cannot be dually approved by both the new york state department of health and the new york state education department. . does the new york state department of health maintain a registry of persons who have successfully completed a home health aide training program? yes, on , the department initiated a registry of all persons who have successfully completed a home health aide and or personal care training program. . who issues certificates to the individuals who complete the requirements of the home health aide training program? the home health aide training program issues the home health aide certificates upon successful completion of the program. the home care registry generates certificates for aides trained after . each certificate has a home care registry number and a certificate number printed on it and is signed by the appropriate staff of the training program. . how long is the home health aide training program required to keep on file a copy of a certificate after an individual has completed the home health aide training program? home health aide training programs are required to maintain records for six years of those aides who received certificates upon successful completion of their program. . can the new york state department of health verify a home health aide certificate as valid? the new york state department of health can only verify that a home health aide training program existed at the time that the certificate was issued. for aides trained after , the aide's certificate is generated by the registry and based on information entered into the system by the training program. . how does a hiring agency verify that a home health aide certificate is valid when the home health aide training program is no longer operational? the hiring agency must contact the previous employer, obtain a work reference and verify that the applicant worked in compliance with regulation as a home health aide the previous employer may also have a copy of the original certificate on file that they verified at the start of employment . if records are not available and or the previous employer is not accessible to provide documentation, the agency must advise the individual to repeat the training. for aides trained after , the aide's certificate is generated by the registry and based on information entered into the system by the training program. . how long after issuance does a home health aide certificate remain valid? home health aides in new york state remain certified as long as they work for a home health agency, which is certified or licensed by the new york state department of health. the home health agency where the home health aide is employed must provide nursing supervision and hours of in-service training per year. if the aide leaves the employment of an agency to work privately in new york state or to work out-of-state, the home health aide certification lapses two years from the date that the person last worked at a home health agency in new york state. . after training is completed, what is the required timeframe for issuing a certificate to an aide? the written sworn statement or certification must be executed printed, signed and notarized within ten business days of the trainee's successful completion of the training program. certificates must be issued to aides within ten business days of the day the certification was executed. . if an agency has both a pcatp and a hhatp, can pca certificates be issued to students enrolled in my hhatp who successfully complete only the pca portion of the training program? the hcr application does not allow the issuance of pca certificates to aides enrolled in hha classes. if a student is enrolled in an hhatp, that student must successfully complete the hhatp to receive his her certificate. an aide who successfully completes a pcatp can be enrolled in a pca upgrade training, for which he she may receive an hha certificate upon successful completion. . does a training program have to notify the department of training program class schedules? yes. all approved home health aide training programs are expected to submit an anticipated schedule of training every six months to the appropriate regional office. please refer to page in the guide and attachment . . how long does it take to complete home health aide training? home health aide training programs are allowed days from the day an individual enters the program to complete the hours. the hours includes hours classroom and hours of supervised practical training as follows: home care curriculum - hours all classroom health related task curriculum- hours hours classroom plus hours of supervised practical training . at a minimum, fifty percent of each trainee's supervised practical training must be provided in a patient care setting. see page of the guide for further information. . is there any flexibility in the requirement to complete training and evaluation within days? extenuating circumstances which prevent a trainee from completing the required coursework within the -day time frame should be brought to the attention of the regional home care program manager on a case by case basis. tuition and fees . can home health aide training programs charge tuition? a home health aide training program approved by the new york state department of health may not charge tuition but, a program approved by the new york state education department is allowed to charge tuition. . can programs approved by the new york state department of health charge any fees? a participant fee not to exceed .may be charged for materials that students are required to have; they will retain these materials upon completion or separation from the program. . will training programs, which have lease dates that do not expire for several years, be held to the deadline for implementation of the new space requirements? existing hhatps with lease start dates prior to will be allowed to fulfill the obligations of their lease with the space requirement pushed to the next lease. however, the space requirements must be met by reducing the number of participants class to meet the square footage requirement per person. . with the new guidelines in place, will i be required to close existing training sites? it is not required to close existing sites. choosing to operate a single approved hhatp that offers training at various sites under the direction of a designated sponsoring home care agency or hospice is optional. . does an approved program have to notify the department if their training program site has changed as a result of a move or opening of a new site? yes. the department must be notified in writing of a change in training site prior to the change. documentation must be submitted to the appropriate regional office program manager as the new site requires approval prior to conducting a home health aide training program. in addition, if the training program makes any significant changes in faculty and or nurse instructor for supervised training, the program must notify the regional office of such changes in writing within business days. . with regards to the closure dates being the last day of training, should this be the last training day, testing day or the day the last certificate is issued? sites are required to stay open until all trainees who successfully complete all training requirements are issued their certificates. program training requirements . do training programs have to do anything to maintain ongoing approval of their home health aide training program? the training program must conduct one full -hour training program class every three years, and approve and issue at least one original certificate per year in order to remain an active approved program. this would include a certificate issued for competency evaluation program, personal care aide upgrading or cna transitioning. . is each approved home health aide training program site required to hold at least one full -hour training program within each three year approval period to be reapproved? the program requirements are program-driven, not site-driven. one full -hour training program class must be conducted within a three-year period to maintain an on-going training program approval. competency evaluations, pca upgrades and nurse aide transitioning are not full training hour program classes. failure to conduct the full training program will require reapplication for approval. . do existing training programs have to resubmit a new application for re-approval including new requirements? if yes, what is the deadline for submission? effective all existing hhatps must comply with the requirements described in the revised guide. . what individuals are eligible to complete the competency evaluation program only, in lieu of training? individuals eligible to complete the competency evaluation program only, in lieu of the standardized training, include: - a nursing assistant with one year of full-time experience in a general hospital within the past five years; - an individual with documented home health aide or nurse aide training and competency evaluation from an out-of-state training program; - a home health aide with documented home health aide training and competency evaluation who has not been employed as a home health aide for consecutive months; - a nursing student who has documented evidence of successful completion of course work requiring mastery of home health aide tasks within the past months. documentation would include a transcript with passing grade s and course description s or skills checklist signed by the nursing school instructor. - veterans who were trained in the united states military as medical technicians or medics. . where can i take a competency evaluation in lieu of training? an agency that operates a home health aide training program can provide a competency evaluation which includes a written exam and a demonstration of skills. . how can a certified nurse aide become certified as a home health aide? home health aide training programs must have the capability to augment a nurse aide's training with classroom and supervised practical training in those skills not included in the nurse aide training program. such skills include but are not limited to: assistance with medications; handling the patient's money; maintaining a clean, safe home environment; safety, accident prevention and responses to emergencies in the home; taking of blood pressure; and observing, recording and reporting in the home care setting. a nurse aide who is registered in the new york state nurse aide registry is not required to repeat training in the content and skills learned in the nurse aide training program. however, the home health aide training program must assure that the nurse aide is competent in such skills prior to providing additional training and issuing a home health aide certificate. . do aides need to have a copy of their competency evaluations? yes, the aide must be provided with a copy of the hha trainee evaluation form appendix and 5a . . are we to treat a cna who has never worked but still has an active certificate the same way as someone who has had experience? a cna who is registered in the nys nurse aide registry is not required to repeat training in the content and skills learned in a previous training program. however, the hhatp must ensure that the cna is competent in such skills prior to providing additional training and issuing a home health aide certificate. training and testing materials . will doh have a list of acceptable published text books which comprises the "bank" of published test questions? the department will not publish a list of acceptable published text books. . does "questions should be rotated" mean that students in the same class should be taking a different test or that we should be utilizing a different test with each class we have and rotate that way? each new class should be given a new test. if a trainee has to retake the exam after an unsuccessful attempt this new test must be a different version than the previous test taken. the program should develop policies and procedures as to how it will ensure that the test taking sessions are secure. . what is the minimum number of test questions to be given per module per unit? there should be a sufficient number of questions to ensure that the individual knows the material. the test bank chosen will dictate the number of questions needed to cover the material in each unit. . will kitchen facilities be a requirement of the training program? do we have to demonstrate cooking and cleaning? a mock kitchen and running water are both required at each training site. trainees are required to demonstrate proper hand-washing and the ability to prepare meals. . must the running water be in the same room or in the bathroom on the same floor? running water must be accessible to the training class but it does not need to be in the same room or on the same floor. . will items on the suggested equipment list be just that, suggested, or are they required at the time of survey? the suggested equipment list was developed based on the requirements of the program and on the recommendations of the workgroup. although it is a suggested equipment list, the training program must adequately address the training needs of the students. . is it required that the textbook is available in the language that is being taught? textbooks and associated written tests must be available in the language that is being taught. the department maintains the authority to review and approve a textbook to be used for this purpose to ensure that the curriculum meets the minimum standards. . can the requirement for retaining the completed written tests be met by keeping the answer key? no. a copy of the test to correspond with the answer key must also be retained. . is it a requirement to keep a copy of the exam questions in each of the students' files or retain a master copy of the questions which relates to the answer key in the file? you only need to retain a master copy of the questions which relates to the answer key. . since the new guidelines go into effect for existing programs at the time of their re-approval submission, are the textbooks and tests currently in use acceptable until then as well? yes, the textbooks and tests currently in use are acceptable until when revisions will become effective for all home health aide training programs. . are we now required to use the hhatp form in appendix as documentation? . do we still need to use the tests and check-off sheets from the old curriculum? . must we submit a list of the videos we are using or only indicate we are using videos while an approved instructor will be in the room? you must indicate by name which videos you are using as a supplement to the curriculum. . if a hhatp is approved through july , do we have to make all the required changes by july ? yes. all administrative changes must be made by to remain in compliance. however, if a hhatp is planning to make changes to the curriculum, instructors, sites, etc. then you need to submit those changes to doh. . can there be more than one nurse instructor at a time teaching a class? yes, there can be more than one nurse instructor for a class, as long as each is an approved nurse instructor. . what is meant by "under the supervision?" does the nurse instructor have to be present in the classroom with the lpn or adjunct faculty at the time of the delivery of the class? a lpn can be an adjunct faculty and provide some of the instruction under the direct supervision of an approved nurse instructor. the approved nurse instructor must be physically present during the entire time of the instruction provided by an lpn. an adjunct faculty such as a licensed physical therapist or registered dietitian does not have to have an approved nurse instructor present during instruction. . how is the nurse instructor information updated on the registry? the regional doh office must be notified of any changes in the nurse instructor. the attached nurse instructor application with specific documentation on foreign language must be submitted. if acceptable, the local regional doh office will have the hcr updated. . is it a requirement to notify the regional office of a substitute for part of the course or the entire course? no. it is not required to notify the regional office of a substitute, however, the substitute must be an approved nurse instructor for the program and listed on the hcr. quality assurance quality improvement . the guidelines state that all programs are required to conduct monitoring on at least a quarterly basis. do agencies with multiple sites have to conduct monitoring of all their schools in each quarter or is it permissible to conduct the monitoring of one to two schools per quarter as long as all the schools are monitored within the year's time? program monitoring is expected to be program-specific, not site-specific and performed quarterly. . can the annual evaluation report be written minutes of a quarterly meeting? no. quarterly meeting minutes will not satisfy the requirement to submit an annual evaluation report. the annual evaluation report must include analysis and evaluation of program's educational outcomes that address the effectiveness of the: - lesson plans - equipment and other materials utilized to achieve learning objectives, e.g. videos, textbooks, etc. - evaluation of the supervised practical training site s - student evaluation of the program, including effectiveness of communication between instructor and students - analysis and evaluation of testing results, admission standards and program completion rates . is each training program required to develop its own trainee rights based on the information provided by doh in attachment or can the program use the doh trainee rights form verbatim? yes, the program may use the doh trainee rights form verbatim. . do the trainee rights have to be given to trainees enrolled in personal care upgrade, cna transitioning, competency evaluation program, or should the trainee rights only be distributed to trainees enrolled in the full hour home health aide training program? all trainees, regardless of the training program in which the trainee is enrolled, must receive a copy of the trainee rights. the trainee rights must be given to every trainee at, or prior to, the first class. the training program must maintain documentation of receipt of these rights.
__label__non_math	0.9993	discrimination on the basis of disability is prohibited under the americans with disabilities act ada date: dal: nh - subject: discrimination on the basis of disability is prohibited under the americans with disabilities act ada dear nursing home administrator: the purpose of this letter is to remind nursing homes that discrimination on the basis of disability is prohibited under the americans with disabilities act ada , section 504 of the rehabilitation act of , new york state social services regulations , nycrr 515. , and nys public health law regulations,nycrr 415. b . the ada protects qualified persons with disabilities from discrimination with regard to federally-funded benefits, programs and services. title ii of the ada also extends the protections against discrimination set forth in section 504 of the rehabilitation act, as amended, to all activities of state and local governments and other public entities. the ada also requires nursing homes to provide services to people with disabilities in a non-discriminatory manner. nursing homes must be fully aware of the amendments to the ada pertaining to discrimination based on disability. the ada was amended by the ada amendments act of adaaa , which became effective . the adaaa retains the ada's basic definition of "disability" as an impairment that substantially limits one or more major life activities, a record of such an impairment, or being regarded as having such an impairment. the intent of these changes was to make it easier for persons with one or more disabilities seeking protection under the ada to establish that he or she has a disability within the meaning of the ada. new york state regulations prohibit discrimination based on disability against individuals entitled to medicaid benefits. nys public health law regulations, nycrr 415. b . it is an unacceptable practice to discriminate in the furnishing of medical care, services or supplies based upon a person's disability. the nys department of health has the authority to impose sanctions upon a determination that a person or entity has engaged in an unacceptable practice. additionally, nursing homes must adhere to nycrr 415. e xii which requires providers to maintain a centralized log on the receipt and disposition by the facility of persons referred for admission. for the purposes of this subdivision, receipt by the facility of a completed hospital community patient review instrument h c pri for a person needing nursing home care shall constitute a patient referral. the log must contain for each referral a patient identifier, and indicate the race, sex, color, national origin of the referral, the date of referral, referring hospital or agency, and date and type of disposition of referral by the facility. records of such log shall be retained for months from date of entry. due to the broad definition of disability, nursing homes must become more vigilant and aware of what constitutes an appropriate reason for denial in the admissions application process. the entity's policies and procedures for screening applicants for nursing home admission must be in full compliance with the ada. it is the responsibility of the entity to fully educate and monitor the effectiveness of all policies and practices related to nursing home admissions. we have also become aware recently that some nursing homes are denying patients who have hiv aids admission on the basis of the cost of their medication or other anticipated costs attributable to co-existing medical conditions. please be advised that if a medicaid recipient is medicare part d or medicaid only, the nursing home is not responsible for any out-of-pocket medication costs and therefore are not at any financial risk for hiv aids medication. be further advised that denying admission to such patients based on the cost of their medication could be viewed as discrimination that is prohibited under federal and state law and regulations. the department of health remains committed to ensuring a health care system in which all new yorkers receive care in a nondiscriminatory manner. i appreciate your assistance in assuring effective implementation of this policy. if you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact our office at 518 408-. jacqueline o. pappalardi, director division of nursing home and icf surveillance
__label__non_math	0.9974	in cyrus ruptured an eardrum and spent four painful days searching for a doctor, and realized how bad a problem almost everyone in america was having in accessing care. so he left his job doing health care consulting at mckinsey and decided to build the answer. we first featured zocdoc at health .back in , when it was just getting going, setting up online appointment booking in manhattan. progress since then has been remarkable with multiple cities added, thousands of doctors signed up, and lots and lots of appointments made. equally remarkably, zocdoc has raised more than million in venture capital, in part from famed russian investor yuri milner. we ll be hoping to find out what plans they have to spend it
__label__non_math	0.7433	originally posted by apoxtle hello, my wife has recently started started taking effexor for depression. we have been reading a lot about the side effects and most seem to be passing. the biggest side effect we have noticed is the lack of sex drive, this is not returning. everythis we have been reading says that effexor has a high rate or sexual side effects. we made an appt. to talk with the dr. about it and she told us that effexor does not have sexual side effects. we asked about mabye trying a different medication without a lower rate of that type of side effect like wellbutrin but she did not want to consider at all trying something else. my wife and i definatly do not want that part of our relationship to disappear. should we give the effexor more time or get a 2nd opinion? any help would be great. thanks imho..... some physicians do this....intentionally. maybe they do not want to scare people, but misleading a patient is wrong. we need to know the side effects. see another physician. good luck.
__label__non_math	0.8687	i miss my old family dog. he got put to sleep around -year ago. i miss him so much and wish he was here. a dog loves you no matter how you look, how your personality is, wether your smart or dumb, fat, thin, whatever race, gender. how many people can you say that about? not many it is upsetting that some people are cruel to them. instead of loving them back. same with all good animals, love them ,appreciate them they are beautiful animals. even a shark is not a bad animal. its just doing what we all do to survive -eating. last edited by administrator; at .
__label__non_math	0.9621	re: tmj is deforming my face i'm still fairly new to the tmj thing, but my specialist showed me how much my face had shifted when he did my initial exams. i'm very asymmetrical. he is taking multiple pictures at each of my follow-up visits as well. i'm hoping that in the end, i'll be able to see a difference. it is hard to see the small changes as they happen. he recommended an alf alternative lightwire functional appliance in addition to my splint therapy. the alf appliance is a wire that is placed against the upper palet and applies gentle pressure to help shift the cranial bones back into place. i'm hoping to begin this phase of treatment fairly soon. it can be done in conjunction with phase i and phase ii. it might be worth looking into. i'm also hoping that through treatment, my muscles will eventually "loosen" up and that part of my deformation caused by the constant tight spasming muscles improves.
__label__non_math	1.0000	re: newbie intro hello and welcome to our family i am so sorry to hear about your strokes. i had my stroke june and its been a slow but steady recovery. after my mri they found out i had another stroke that had gone undetected.my stroke in june involved my right side giving me drop foot hip pain hand tremor and removed my math skills, ability to multitask have migranes and sensativity to light and sound. now many of these symptoms have improved over the months and i still continue to improve. the math skills and multitasking are the only two i would say have not improved. it is good you went to emerg. i was hours before i went and i should have been in there sooner. you say they have not found a reason for your stroke so please continue to insist in good care and further investigating. you are very very young to have suffered two strokes you must find the reason to prevent further strokes. i insisted on a second opinion and it was the best thing i did. please let us know how you are making out. god bless mulchie
__label__math	0.9993	i'm not sure if this is the correct section of this site that i should be posting this in, but i'll try anyway. does anyone know if these symptoms are something other than the common cold or flu?
__label__non_math	1.0000	if you are considering a fitness center at your worksite, healthbreak can help you design and develop your facility to meet your budget, space requirements, and employees needs. we have years of experience working with architectural firms, contractors, and management teams, to ensure the implementation of a state of the art facility. our fitness center start-up services include expertise in the following areas: operations procedures signage emergency protocol forms documents proper clearance and orientation "a place where everybody knows your name"; that is what healthbreak creates when it designs and manages a fitness center. the difference between a corporate fitness center and a commercial gym is that a corporate fitness center has the unique opportunity to create a setting that can change the culture of an organization. when you hire us to design a new facility or renovate an old you can rest assured that we will manage the process with you and for you. we work as a team with the architects, designers and builders to bring you a fitness center that aligns with your vision, meets your needs, and stays within your budget. group exercise programs marketing promotions health education programs alternative health services healthbreak employs only certified and degreed staff. we balance the right credentials with the right personality to create an atmosphere in the fitness center that matches the corporate culture. our onsite team will provide up-to-date health and wellness programming that targets the wants and addresses the needs of your employees.
__label__non_math	0.9996	most of the causes of dementia cannot be prevented. good personal health habits and medical care, however, can prevent some types of dementia. here are some things you can do: dementia caused by stroke - monitor and control your blood pressure, exercise every day, and eat a balanced diet with plenty of fruits and vegetables to maintain a healthy body weight. alcohol-related dementia - limit the amount of alcohol you drink. a colleague of mine is in emotional limbo, waiting for his elderly mother to die. should he drive the 200 miles back and forth to work, so... read more as we age, we tend to use the same vocabulary choices over and over, and, if what i surmise is correct, even those with normal mental ... read more why am i not surprised? a study has shown that two classes of drugs often given, in tandem, to people with dementia - a population that... read more i am sometimes asked what degrees i have relating to medicine and healthcare, since i speak at conferences to healthcare professionals... read more
__label__non_math	0.9982	jobs per page - job title wichita falls, texas midwestern state university department of radiologic sciences is seeking a graduate faculty member to teach in the master of science in radiologic sciences program and both meet and comply with their provisions.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the health news story that you were looking for is no longer available for viewing. healthfinder.gov removes health news stories from the site after year to ensure that information is up to date. healthdaynews articles are derived from various sources and do not reflect federal policy. healthfinder.gov does not endorse opinions, products, or services that may appear in news stories. for more information on health topics in the news, visit health news on healthfinder.gov.
__label__non_math	1.0000	deadline extended, but threat remains, says ama cms' office of e-health standards and services oess has announced a -day period of "enforcement discretion" for compliance with the new hipaa transaction standards, but leading professional organizations say that is not enough. expressing serious concerns about the ability of physician practices and payers to make the conversion to the electronic transaction standards and icd- a new code set for medical diagnoses in time, both mgma and the ama are calling for change. the two agencies say that the government needs to form a comprehensive contingency plan permitting health plans to adjudicate claims that may not have all the required data content, or the government needs to call an outright halt to the transition. cms has extended the compliance deadline to . oess announced that it is delaying compliance enforcement in order to allow more physician practices the opportunity to implement the new billing coding standard without incurring penalties. the -day delay did not affect the implementation date for the coding systems, which took effect , for small health plans . "industry feedback played a major role in the decision to push back the compliance date," oess said. "it was found that many covered entities are still awaiting software updates and were unable to meet the short deadline." while enforcement action will not be taken through march, oess will continue to accept complaints associated with compliance with version , national council for prescription drug programs ncpdp d., and ncpdp .transaction standards during the -day period beginning . if requested by oess, covered entities that are the subject of complaints known as "filed-against entities" must produce evidence of either compliance or a good-faith effort to become compliant with the new hipaa standards during the -day period. - how medical debt forgiveness benefits hospitals - leapfrog hospital safety scores 'depressing' - patient harm data to remain on medicare's hospital compare site - quiet ors better for patient safety - tavenner confirmed as cms administrator - healthcare leaders sound off on organized labor - building a better healthcare board - esther dyson's population health dream - cms seeks to 'rapidly reduce' medicare spending with b in grants - rural healthcare can entice the best and brightest
__label__non_math	0.9982	more study needed to prove telehealth's worth researchers, who published their findings in the archives of internal medicine in march, reviewed icu outcome data from years' worth of studies, including those that reported data on the primary outcomes of icu and in-hospital mortality or on the secondary outcomes of icu and hospital length of stay. the researchers found that while telemedicine can impact icu mortality and length of stay, it doesn't have the same impact on inpatient hospitalizations. the study suggests that organizations that are using the technology in the icus are on the right track. other studies are ongoing. a demonstration project at wenatchee wa valley medical center seeks to show that remote home monitoring can reduce hospitalizations, and, as a result, lower costs among patients with diabetes, congestive heart failure, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. "the idea is that you would try to catch exacerbations at a milder stage before they require hospitalization," says wvmc ceo peter rutherford, md. in the first three years of the randomized trial, the organization met the program's goal of saving net of costs. the number of clinic visits went up and because patients had already been triaged by case managers, those visits were more productive. at the same time, hospitalizations and emergency room visits declined. the study is currently in its second phase, which will expand screenings to include other disease states such as asthma and comorbidities such as depression. loyola university medical center implemented its telehealth program about four years ago as a way to increase after-hours coverage at its -bed pediatric icu. - how medical debt forgiveness benefits hospitals - leapfrog hospital safety scores 'depressing' - patient harm data to remain on medicare's hospital compare site - quiet ors better for patient safety - tavenner confirmed as cms administrator - building a better healthcare board - healthcare leaders sound off on organized labor - esther dyson's population health dream - cms seeks to 'rapidly reduce' medicare spending with b in grants - rural healthcare can entice the best and brightest
__label__non_math	0.9995	top healthcare buzzwords for an acronym for "as low as reasonably possible." apply to imaging radiation dosages, medication, frequency and cost, as appropriate. . population health in healthcare, this phrase has different meanings to different types of providers. for large organizations and public health agencies, it means the populations of entire communities. for physicians in a practice, it might mean their regular patients with common diseases or conditions, such as diabetes. for a hospital or healthcare system, it may mean anyone insured by a provider with a contract with a large insurer in the region. for an accountable care organization, it may mean anyone who is in the aco. . transforming or transformative. it sounds like a mystical experience, with an implication that a provider or healthcare system is zapped into good behavior or culture with a key stroke or single action or decision, which happens very quickly. but throughout the country, hundreds to thousands of healthcare providers and systems are undergoing transformation, apparently a cultural, psychological, and behavioral metamorphosis. actually, the joint commission in established its center for transforming healthcare to tackle key projects that "use a systematic approach to analyze specific breakdowns in care and discover their underlying causes to develop targeted solutions. recently, the joint commission's center has rolled out several illuminating projects, such colorectal surgical site infections, handoffs and hand hygiene improvement projects, sepsis, fall, and wrong site surgery prevention projects. buzzwords for hot aco buzzwords all providers should know buzzwords for add 'healthcare innovation center' to buzzwords list cheryl clark is senior quality editor and california correspondent for healthleaders media. she is a member of the association of health care journalists. - how medical debt forgiveness benefits hospitals - leapfrog hospital safety scores 'depressing' - patient harm data to remain on medicare's hospital compare site - quiet ors better for patient safety - tavenner confirmed as cms administrator - building a better healthcare board - healthcare leaders sound off on organized labor - esther dyson's population health dream - cms seeks to 'rapidly reduce' medicare spending with b in grants - rural healthcare can entice the best and brightest
__label__non_math	1.0000	definition of critical and non critical violations a complete employee health policy must have the following elements: employee training on foodborne illness, particularly symptoms of illness and prevention of the big five illnesses see "the big five foodborne illnesses information sheet" handout ; and documentation that employees have been instructed of their responsibility to report symptoms of, diagnosis of or exposure to foodborne illness to management see "employee health agreement" handout ; and a management plan to restrict or exclude employees, as applicable, who have symptoms, diagnosis or exposure to foodborne illness see "employee illness decision guide for pic cfm" handout . the information provided at the time of this inspection will help you develop and implement this policy. handouts are available in the following languages: english, chinese traditional , korean, spanish, thai, and vietnamese. if you have any questions about your employee health policy, please contact your area inspector or contact the health department at 703-246-, tty 703-591-. all food employees shall wash their hands in only a designated handsink. except when washing fruits and vegetables, food employees may not contact ready-to-eat foods using their bare hands. employees shall use suitable utensils such as deli tissue, spatulas, tongs, or clean disposable gloves to handle all ready-to-eat foods. a handwashing sink shall be maintained so that it is accessible at all times for employee use. potentially hazardous foods time temperature control for safety food shall be held cold at a temperature of f or below unless the permit holder is using "time as public health control" as specified under -501.to limit bacteria growth. food shall be protected from contamination by storing the food at least inches off the floor on approved shelving units or dunnage racks. milk crates, soda crates, or bread racks are not suitable for food storage.
__label__non_math	0.9916	- prescription required - due to a national shortage of the active drug ingredient, prices has risen dramatically for this drug throughout the country. - when supply once again meets demand, prices should drop accordingly. important: how to use this information: this is a summary and does not have all possible information about this product. this information does not assure that this product is safe, effective, or appropriate for you. this information is not individual medical advice and does not substitute for the advice of your health care professional. always ask your health care professional for complete information about this product and your specific health needs. doxycycline - oral common brand name s : monodox, vibra-tabs, vibramycin uses: this medication is used to treat a wide variety of bacterial infections, including those that cause acne. this medication is also used to prevent malaria. this medication is known as a tetracycline antibiotic. it works by stopping the growth of bacteria. this antibiotic treats only bacterial infections. it will not work for viral infections such as common cold, flu . unnecessary use or misuse of any antibiotic can lead to its decreased effectiveness. other uses: this section contains uses of this drug that are not listed in the approved professional labeling for the drug but that may be prescribed by your health care professional. use this drug for a condition that is listed in this section only if it has been so prescribed by your health care professional. this drug may also be used to treat a certain skin condition rosacea . how to use: this medication is best taken by mouth on an empty stomach, at least hour before or hours after a meal, usually or times daily or as directed by your doctor. take this medication with a full glass of water ounces 240 milliliters unless directed otherwise. if stomach upset occurs, taking it with food or milk may help. however, doxycycline may not work as well if you take it with food or milk or anything high in calcium - more details below , so ask your doctor or pharmacist if you may take it that way. do not lie down for minutes after taking this medication. take this medication to hours before or after taking any products containing aluminum, calcium, iron, magnesium, zinc, or bismuth subsalicylate. some examples include antacids, certain forms of didanosine chewable dispersible buffered tablets or pediatric oral solution , quinapril, vitamins minerals, dairy products such as milk, yogurt , and calcium-enriched juice. these products bind with doxycycline, preventing your body from fully absorbing the drug. when using to prevent malaria, this medication is usually taken once daily. take the first dose of this medication to days before travel or as directed by your doctor. continue to take this medication daily while in the malarious area. upon returning home, you should keep taking this medication for more weeks. if you are unable to finish this course of doxycycline, contact your doctor. if you are using the liquid form of this medication, shake the bottle well before each dose. carefully measure the dose using a special measuring device spoon. do not use a household spoon because you may not get the correct dose. the dosage is based on your medical condition and response to treatment. for children, the dosage may also be based on weight. antibiotics work best when the amount of medicine in your body is kept at a constant level. therefore, take this drug at evenly spaced intervals. continue to take this medication until the full prescribed amount is finished, even if symptoms disappear after a few days. stopping the medication too early may allow bacteria to continue to grow, which may result in a return of the infection. tell your doctor if your condition persists or worsens. side effects: stomach upset, diarrhea, nausea, or vomiting may occur. if any of these effects persist or worsen, tell your doctor or pharmacist promptly. remember that your doctor has prescribed this medication because he or she has judged that the benefit to you is greater than the risk of side effects. many people using this medication do not have serious side effects. tell your doctor immediately if any of these unlikely but serious side effects occur: sunburn sun sensitivity , painful difficult swallowing. tell your doctor immediately if any of these rare but very serious side effects occur: vision changes such as blurred vision , unusual severe headache, change in the amount of urine. this medication may rarely cause a severe intestinal condition clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea due to a type of resistant bacteria. this condition may occur during treatment or weeks to months after treatment has stopped. do not use anti-diarrhea products or narcotic pain medications if you have any of the following symptoms because these products may make them worse. tell your doctor immediately if you develop: persistent diarrhea, abdominal or stomach pain cramping, blood mucus in your stool. use of this medication for prolonged or repeated periods may result in oral thrush or a new vaginal yeast infection. contact your doctor if you notice white patches in your mouth, a change in vaginal discharge, or other new symptoms. a very serious allergic reaction to this drug is rare. however, seek immediate medical attention if you notice any of the following symptoms of a serious allergic reaction: rash, itching swelling especially of the face tongue throat , severe dizziness, trouble breathing. this is not a complete list of possible side effects. if you notice other effects not listed above, contact your doctor or pharmacist. in the us - call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. you may report side effects to fda at -800-fda-. in canada - call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. you may report side effects to health canada at -866-234-. precautions: before taking doxycycline, tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are allergic to it; or to other tetracyclines such as minocycline ; or if you have any other allergies. this product may contain inactive ingredients such as sulfites, soy found in some brands , which can cause allergic reactions or other problems. talk to your pharmacist for more details. before using this medication, tell your doctor or pharmacist your medical history, especially of: trouble swallowing, esophagus problems such as hiatal hernia or reflux heartburn . before having surgery, tell your doctor or dentist that you are taking this medication. this medication may make you more sensitive to the sun. avoid prolonged sun exposure, tanning booths, and sunlamps. use a sunscreen and wear protective clothing when outdoors. this drug should not be used in children under because it may cause permanent tooth discoloration and other problems. tooth discoloration has also occurred in older children and young adults. consult your doctor for more information. this medication is not recommended for use during pregnancy. it may harm an unborn baby. consult your doctor for more details and to discuss using reliable forms of birth control while taking this medication. this drug passes into breast milk but is unlikely to harm a nursing infant. consult your doctor before breast-feeding. drug interactions: see also how to use section. the effects of some drugs can change if you take other drugs or herbal products at the same time. this can increase your risk for serious side effects or may cause your medications not to work correctly. these drug interactions are possible, but do not always occur. your doctor or pharmacist can often prevent or manage interactions by changing how you use your medications or by close monitoring. to help your doctor and pharmacist give you the best care, be sure to tell your doctor and pharmacist about all the products you use including prescription drugs, nonprescription drugs, and herbal products before starting treatment with this product. while using this product, do not start, stop, or change the dosage of any other medicines you are using without your doctor's approval. some products that may interact with this drug include: acitretin, alitretinoin, barbiturates such as phenobarbital , "blood thinners" such as warfarin , digoxin, isotretinoin, penicillins, anti-seizure medications such as carbamazepine, phenytoin , strontium, tretinoin taken by mouth, live bacterial vaccines. although most antibiotics probably do not affect hormonal birth control such as pills, patch, or ring, some antibiotics may decrease their effectiveness. this could cause pregnancy. examples include rifamycins such as rifampin or rifabutin. be sure to ask your doctor or pharmacist if you should use additional reliable birth control methods while using this antibiotic. this medication may interfere with certain laboratory tests including urine catecholamine levels , possibly causing false test results. make sure laboratory personnel and all your doctors know you use this drug. this document does not contain all possible interactions. therefore, before using this product, tell your doctor or pharmacist of all the products you use. keep a list of all your medications with you, and share the list with your doctor and pharmacist. overdose: if overdose is suspected, contact your local poison control center or emergency room immediately. us residents can call the us national poison hotline at -800-222-. canada residents can call their local poison control center. notes: do not share this medication with others. if this medication is being used to prevent malaria, it is important to understand that it is still possible to get the disease even if you have used this medication. avoid being bitten by mosquitoes when trying to prevent malaria. avoid contact with mosquitoes, especially from dusk to dawn, by staying in well-screened areas, wearing protective clothing, and using insect repellent and bed nets. this medication has been prescribed for your current condition only. do not use it later for another infection unless told to do so by your doctor. a different medication may be necessary in that case. laboratory and or medical tests such as complete blood count, liver kidney function may be performed periodically to monitor your progress or check for side effects. consult your doctor for more details. missed dose: if you miss a dose, take it as soon as you remember. if it is near the time of the next dose, skip the missed dose and resume your usual dosing schedule. do not double the dose to catch up. storage: store at room temperature away from light and moisture. different brands of this medication have different storage needs. check the product package for instructions on how to store your brand, or ask your pharmacist. do not store in the bathroom. keep all medicines away from children and pets. do not flush medications down the toilet or pour them into a drain unless instructed to do so. properly discard this product when it is expired or no longer needed. consult your pharmacist or local waste disposal company for more details about how to safely discard your product. information last revised february . copyright c first databank, inc.
__label__non_math	0.9891	the most dramatic instances were among people who were psychotic for the first time. these were people with acute schizophrenia, who were able to go into their psychoses, to go down into their madness, often to regress to earlier stages of their lives, and then to grow up again. that happened in several instances it was very powerful. dr: to turn the breakdown into a breakthrough. jg: that?s right. exactly. with people who had been psychotic for a long time, it was harder. it had become a very fixed pattern in their lives. but even with those people, they were able to express themselves more freely and able to feel more relaxed. one young guy remarked, "everywhere else i?m crazy, but here i?m sane." he became a member of our community and he was able to function. so it was a very powerful experiment. when i came to the national institute of mental health after my residency, i was still quite interested in working with very troubled and troubling people. i was working with runaway and homeless kids, and runaway houses that worked with those kids, trying to see, again within the context of a place that respected their experience, if their experience could change. i began to think about what we could do by changing our attitude toward people and changing the setting in which we treated them, creating a real therapeutic community. but i also started wondering about biology, and whether there was a way to work with biology to promote transformation. i thought medication and electroshock therapy simply suppressed the symptoms, and what i was interested in was seeing if this process of transformation, this kind of breakthrough that you mentioned, could happen on a biological basis. so i was open to the possibility of looking at other kinds of alternative therapies. dr: did your experience at einstein at that special ward turn out to be one unique and wonderful episode, or was it something that grew and developed in other settings? jg: later, when we were working with the runaway kids, it was based on the same kind of principle. the counselors who had created these programs initially were very much on the same wavelength as i was. they were not psychiatrists or mental health professionals, some were ministers, some were draft resisters, some were hippies, they were just people who wanted to create an environment that was friendly to these kids. they saw themselves as big brothers and sisters to the kids. it didn?t occur to them to think in diagnostic terms. it didn?t occur to them to see these kids as having a disease. they were very puzzled and troubled by how disturbing some of the kids were, and how upset some of them were. it was my job to help them to understand the inner experience of these kids, and to create a setting where the kids could go through that experience, in which they would be dealt with as people and not as patients. dr: it sounds like even back then you were playing a bridging role between the alternative culture and the establishment. jg: that?s right. i feel that has been my role at least since that time. dr: what forms is that taking now? jg: i have all these establishment credentials: harvard college, harvard medical school, residency in psychiatry, ten years at the national institute of mental health. what i?m trying to do is use the credentials, and my experience as somebody who has the capacity to take a hard critical look at these therapies, and to say, "let?s take this look, but let?s do it in an open-minded way. let?s open ourselves to the experience of some of these approaches, and let?s look at the actual scientific literature that backs them up."
__label__non_math	0.7563	many things can trigger depression. it is common during life changes such as adolescence, marriage, birth and menopause. it can be a consequence of your upbringing - such as whether or not you were taught effective coping skills as a child. there is a genetic component to depression, and influences such as diet, stress and illness also play a part. being depressed can make you feel out of control and helpless, yet there are many ways to avoid falling into depression.
__label__non_math	0.9977	the latex condom is the only form of birth control that provides protection against both pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases. while not infallible, using a prophylactic correctly is much safer than not using one. the optimal safety strategy, if abstinence is not chosen, calls for the male to wear a condom, while his female partner uses any of the three hormonal methods: the pill, depo-provera or norplant. one of the most heartening changes in young people s sexual habits, says dr. claire brindis, is that boys have begun to share responsibility for birth control. the pendulum has shifted, she observes. contraception no longer falls solely to the young woman. even so, too many boys try to squirm their way out of donning a prophylactic before sexual activity. you re probably familiar with some of the reasons excuses typically given: it ruins the spontaneity. it dulls the sensation. girls, too, may have an aversion to condoms, though the reasons typically have less to do with physical pleasure than with the stigma often associated with this much-maligned form of contraception. some young women, for example, say that using rubbers makes them feel cheap, when in fact they should congratulate themselves for being sexually responsible. others worry that to keep a few condoms in their purse or backpack, just in case, might be misconstrued as a sign that they re easily coaxed into bed or that seduction was on their agenda all along. it s been found that adolescents who carry condoms are nearly three times more likely to use them for protection during intercourse. when discussing birth control with teenagers, the message is the same for sons as it is for daughters: to have intercourse without a prophylactic, even once, could potentially derail their future and possibly even cost them their lives. they need to inform any and all sexual partners that no condom means no sex no excuses, no exceptions. teenagers still believe they can tell who has hiv and who doesn t, observes dr. donna futterman. the line i hear from boys and girls is, i can look in a person s eyes and know. the fact is, we can t confirm anyone s monogamy but our own. we trust our romantic partner to be both true and truthful, but a study that surveyed about two hundred hiv-positive patients at a pair of new england hospitals revealed that four in ten of the infected men and women admitted they d never informed their partners of their condition. furthermore, nearly two-thirds of them did not always wear a condom. arming our sons and daughters with this information can help them face down the pressure to have sex without condoms or to have sex at all.
__label__non_math	1.0000	your doctor has prescribed high blood pressure medicine to help lower your blood pressure. you also need to make the other lifestyle changes that help reduce blood pressure including: reaching and maintaing a healthy weight, lowering sodium salt intake, being more regularly physically active and limiting alcohol to no more than one drink a day for women or two drinks a day for men . following your overall therapy plan will help you get on the road to a healthier life what should i know about taking medicine? - your doctor may prescribe one or more drugs to bring your blood pressure down to normal. - the medicines work in different ways to help lower blood pressure. - medicine only works when you take it regularly. - don t ever stop taking medicine on your own. - even after your blood pressure is lowered, you may still need to take medicine perhaps for your lifetime to keep your blood pressure normal. how can i remember to take my medicine? sometimes it s hard to keep track of your medicine. but to be safe, you must take it properly. here are some good ways: - take your medicine at the same time each day. - take medicine along with meals or other daily events, like brushing your teeth. - use a weekly pill box with separate compartments for each day or time of day. - ask family and friends to help remind you. - use a medicine calendar. - leave notes to remind yourself. what types of drugs are there? - diuretics rid the body of excess sodium salt and water and help control blood pressure. - beta blockers reduce the heart rate and the heart s output of blood, which lowers blood pressure. - vasodilators, angiotensin-converting enzyme ace inhibitors, angiotensin ii receptor blockers arbs and calcium channel blockers relax and open up the narrowed blood vessels and lower blood pressure. what are their side effects? for many people, high blood pressure medicine can effectively lower blood pressure, but some types may cause side effects. tell your doctor if you have side effects, but don t stop taking your medicine on your own to avoid them. here are some of the side effects that may occur: - weakness, tiredness or drowsiness - cold hands and feet - depression or sluggishness - trouble sleeping or nightmares - slow or fast heartbeat - skin rash - loss of taste or dry mouth - dry, constant cough; stuffy nose or asthma symptoms - ankle swelling, leg cramps or aches in the joints - headache, dizziness or swelling around the eyes - constipation or diarrhea - fever or anemia how can i learn more? - talk to your doctor, nurse or other healthcare professionals. if you have heart disease or have had a stroke, members of your family also may be at higher risk. it s very important for them to make changes now to lower their risk. - call -800-aha-usa1 -800-242- , or visit heart.org to learn more about heart disease. - for information on stroke, call -888--stroke -888-478- or visit us online at strokeassociation.org. we have many other fact sheets and educational booklets to help you make healthier choices to reduce your risk, manage disease or care for a loved one. visit heart.org answersbyheart to learn more. knowledge is power, so learn and live do you have questions or comments for your doctor or nurse? take a few minutes to write your own questions for the next time you see your healthcare provider. for example: should i avoid any foods or medicines? what reactions or side effects should i expect? , american heart association
__label__non_math	0.9988	there was a time when i thought logan might have a learning disability. he used to write all of his letters backwards. he would get agitated when it was time to do homework. and he even saw a commercial about dyslexia one time and said, "mom, i think i have that." since then, he has started writing most of his letters correctly, although he still writes from the bottom up instead of from the top down. and he is still only a "c" student, even though we know he's really smart. there seems to be some kind of difficulty there, but none of his teachers have ever said anything about it. although, we did have to give him an extra year between preschool and kindergarten. his preschool teachers recommended giving him another year. he did excellent in pre-k. but then in kindergarten he went back to being average and having issues again. now, his reading is getting better every day. but, he still gets agitated when doing homework. he's a bear to deal with i wish we would have had someone come out when he was younger so that he could have gotten more help. ohio is really good about offering programs for kids who need help. but, i think you have to start it before a certain age. he still has fine motor skill issues and some gross motor skill issues. and i think if we would have caught it earlier and gotten some extra help, he would be better now. and maybe they could have caught any other issues as well. logan has always been an auditory learner and i'm surprised he reads as well as he does. but, you can tell that he's so focused on reading the words that he might not always understand what's going on. we're still working on reading with the correct inflections and pausing at the correct moments. sometimes, he starts to read and will read two or three sentences together as if there is no period. i'm trying to tell him that he has to pay attention to the punctuation as well as reading the words. i think because of that, he really dislikes reading comprehension. i think it's because he finds it so hard to focus on the story and read the words at the same time. make sense? although i don't think he's dyslexic, i do think there might be something going on that he could use extra help with. i've been reading about the orton gillingham method, which is for dyslexia, but can help all readers. from what i've read it takes a multi-sensory approach to teaching spelling, reading and writing. that might be better for him since he is an auditory learner. i think there are schools in which the teachers have gone through special orton gillingham training. i was trying to find any kind of books on it to read more. i'm sure there are also other books out there on different approaches. have you guys ever been through this with any of your kids? do any of his symptoms sound familiar? did you have to send your kids to one of the special schools for learning disabilities? if so, did it help? make sure you never miss a mish-mash post. follow by rss or email here. and check out our giveaways to find a giveaway to enter or a blogger event to join
__label__non_math	0.9984	post in 'the inglenook' started by doing the dixie eyed hustle, . came across this tonight.... helpful sponsor ads i don't have a saddle. i have several, but now i won't sell one nice little poem, dix...... speaking of saddles, my buddy has a us calvary saddle, with stirrups, brass furniture and all, i think it's from the 's.......he was looking to sell it several years back, he got it from his pap's attic. me being an antique militaria collector, maybe i should make him an offer on that saddle. i gotta do a couple tree jobs before i can even make him an offer..... you don't need one, silly scott, knowing you...you'll have those tree jobs lined up by the time you read this separate names with a comma.
__label__non_math	0.5602	the only thing kids love more than cupcakes at a celebration is a giant cupcake a fun way to celebrate any occasion makes a perfect cupcake every time premium nonstick surface top and bottom can be baked in different flavors creates an impressive inch high cupcake sizepan measures - " x - " x "
__label__non_math	0.9530	electric baseboard heaters use electric power to heat the room. the electric baseboard heater uses convection technology to circulate air. by superior design and proper placement under a window area, the electric baseboard case causes air to flow naturally. thermostats are still used in a room-by-room basis. the cold air falls from the window area as the warm air rises from the heater, causing the air to tumble gently throughout the room. this allows homeowners to heat rooms individually. the electric baseboard heater is the number one choice for low cost installation, and the quiet operation makes it the preferred heater for bedrooms. calculate your baseboard heater size
__label__non_math	1.0000	the hard rock and aor reference on the internet cds: songs: banner ads are free for bands and labels. email me if interested. live in new york great white homepage click on artist's name above to return to artist's main page if you see any errors or omissions in the cd information shown above, either in the musician credits or song listings cover song credits, live tracks, etc. , please post them in the corrections section of the heavy harmonies forum message board. the music discographies on this site are works in progress. if you notice that a particular great white cd release or compilation is missing the ultimate goal is to make the discographies here at heavy harmonies as complete as possible. even if it is an obscure greatest-hits or live compilation cd, we want to add it to the site. please only submit official cd releases; no bootlegs or cassette-only or lp-only releases. eps and cd-singles from great white are also welcome to be added, as long as they are at least songs in length. existing comments about this cd you cannot leave comments for this cd because you are not currently logged in. please click here to log in or create a username for leaving comments.
__label__non_math	1.0000	monday, being a --dispatcher for six years now, i'm drawn to shows that involve public and safety officials. fellow co-workers have sang praises of southland. i've just recently started watching the first season and it's perked my attention. i'm not completely caught up on the current full episodes, but it is a show that i now make an effort to watch when i'm able to. it's packed with drama and action. from emmy award winners john wells, ann biderman and chris chulack comes a raw and authentic look at a police unit in los angeles. from the beaches of malibu to the streets of east los angeles, "southland" is a fast-moving drama that will take viewers inside the lives of cops, criminals, victims and their families. michael cudlitz a river runs through it plays john cooper, a seasoned los angeles cop, assigned to train young rookie ben sherman the o.c. . cooper's honest, no-nonsense approach to the job leaves sherman questioning whether or not he has what it takes to become a police offier. cudlitz and mckenzie are joined by other cast members, including regina king jerry maguire , who plays detective lydia adams. adams lives with and is the primary caregiver of her mother. her partner, detective russell clarke boiler room is an unhappily married father of three. michael mcgrady the thin red line plays detective daniel "sal" salinger. sal oversees fellow gang detectives nate moretta ugly betty and sammy bryant alpha dog . arija bareikis crossing jordan plays patrol officer chickie brown, a single mom who dreams of being the first woman accepted into swat. two people will each win southland: the complete first season on dvd. leave a comment with whether or not you've watched the southland before. if you have, what do you like about it. if not, what interests you about wanting to watch it. follow tnt we know drama on twitter, tntweknowdrama. follow me on twitter, partymix25. tweet about this giveaway, leave a link to the tweet can be done once daily . "like" southland on facebook. follow my blog via google friend connect. subscribe to my blog via email. have my button on your blog. blog about this giveaway or enter it in a giveaway linky entries . leave a separate comment for each entry and include your email address in the comments. giveaway is open to residents of the usa. giveaway ends at cst. winners will be randomly drawn and will have hrs. to respond to email notification or new winner s will be drawn. i received no product or monetary exchange for this post. the opinions within this post are of my own and i was not influenced in any way. please do your own research before purchasing products. your opinions and results may differ.
__label__non_math	0.9971	grey and soggy we've just lived through an extremely rainy and cold week in eastern newfoundland. "well, there can't possibly be much more rain up there to come down, can there?", i thought to myself this morning as i trudged to the office in the mist and the fog. no such luck. fall was a beautiful time of year when we lived in ontario, and i always wondered why i hated the fall so much when i was growing up. now i remember. well then, i guess it's time that i gave up on outdoor running and went back to the gym. hrmph. we did get a bit of a break from the rain but not from the freezing cold on sunday for the run for the cure. i organized a team at my workplace this year, and of us, including some family and friends, participated. nick and i both ran the km. it was his first organized run, and i beat my previous best time by a couple of minutes, so we're both pretty proud of ourselves. since the weather has turned so chilly, it is a good time of year to have a newly completed woolly vest. my ivy league turned out just lovely, a perfect fit. i knit it exactly as written with no modifications, which worked well for me because i'm short. the vest is a very nice addition to my fall work wardrobe. i definitely like this fair-isle business, and there will certainly be more of it in my future. steeks aren't so scary - you just have to show them who's boss.
__label__non_math	0.9997	you'll feel the magic in every step with this steve madden sandal. wizarrd brings you a striking combo of a metallic gold on the upper and an earthy inch wood wedge and inch platform. grasping your foot for a perfect fit is a single strap at the vamp and a buckling ankle strap. media - gold shoe republic get your minutes of fame in the media by shoe republic. a gold textile upper is printed with a cute floral print from top to inch platform. a thick inch block heel gives off an earthy wood appearance and pairs flawlessly with the rest of this lovable silhouette. tessa - bronze lucky brand let this lucky brand sandal be your summer style inspiration. tessa has a bronze leather upper with thick criss crossing straps at the vamp. an adjustable ankle strap, faux wood inch platform and inch block heel complete this winning look. charla - cream fabric bebe shoes fashionistas everywhere will be obsessed with this new bebe pump. chantal brings you a gold glittery beige canvas upper with stitching at the vamp. a wood inch platform and inch skinny stiletto heel will add instant glam to your look. chant - vacchetta leather seychelles give your feet a treat and slip on these earthy sandals from seychelles. chant gives you a vacchetta leather upper decorated with gold studs and a back zipper. a inch wood heel and inch platform perfect this adorable t-strap style. uncover this gold mine from vince camuto. miner features a soft cream leather upper and a multi texture that covers the triple strapped vamp. lending an earthy hand is a wood inch block and inch solid platform. chica chola - rainbow irregular choice slip into these bright and cheery wedges from irregular choice. chica chola has a light inch wood heel with a inch platform. an adjustable gold strap and multi colored leather upper completes this alluring wedge. rexfort - gold met flogg relax all day in the comfy rexfort by flogg. a gold metallic leather upper pairs up with a black adjustable velcro strap. a layer of soft foam lines the insole while beautiful wood creates the inch heel and inch platform. shivani - gold justfab wear shivani to shake up your style cassie - rose gold flogg flogg introduces the cassie, a comfortable sandal that doesn't sacrifice style. a rose gold metallic leather envelopes the upper while featuring stud and buckle details. a layer of super soft foam padding will make you feel as if you're stepping on clouds every outfit will be gold in the comfy and cute rainbow. this flogg sandal features a brown leather upper with adjustable ankle trap. a inch wood heel and inch platform is complemented by a inch foam insole to leave you with a comfortable step.
__label__non_math	0.9943	ignore the gay referee. it gets better after that video rating: short film a visual recreation of andy griffith s classic radio comedy routine. video rating: tags: football, funny check out my channel lol ninja head kick at ;tubes lol eat my dick. i would appreciate it if you checked out the facebook page: you think giving birth is hard? try sneezing while taking a piss thumbs up if you typed funny in search box lol this funny like if poopface haideti la referendum check out my entertaining videos thanks.. i would greatly appreciate it like if you just got bored and searched funny and got here. kiss ur hand five times repost this and look under ur pillow pink ipod step wanna see summin funny??? click stick animater next to my comment step click videos step click dancing pig chocolotay step post this on your facebook check out the penn state remix . got ,000 hits in days referee upgraded to serie a italian soccer league after incredible bad decision referee mr. massa from imperia what is the name of the main song? anyone..? hildy baby go and get yourself a good boyfriend, when you are positive he is a good man, ask him to marry you, have children and be happy. spectator sports, bah humbug. he is-was-and will always be an original the likes we may never see again. this video speaks for itself . just me? no, it s the hundreds of millions of people worldwide who watch spectator sports. i think that counts as us . cheers tim, i never did have a lot of respect for the majority who tried to bamboozle me. read the credits. well said sadly the neanderthal majority gave you so many comments the comment is hidden. you got my thumbs up. thank you andy for this great routine, and thank you doctor demento for frequently playing this gem for us and nice work on the video, eat a peach griffith s skill at playing a lovable rube was first established in this comedic monologue about a country bumpkin attending a college football game. this led to his being invited to appear on the ed sullivan show in . does anyone know who wrote this monologue or did andy write it himself? anybody know. kinda reminds me of forrest gump in that tom hanks movie of the same name, no? rip lovable rube r.i.p. andy griffith this goes back to my father s days of visiting kenan stadium. i particularly appreciate featuring choo choo justice, who was the tar heels all-american in andy s student days. someday if i ever become a couch potato like you hildy, i may understand. no offense meant. take it as its meant, with a grin. why do people always say; us, and ours, and we, instead of what it is which is i. fortunately for us, your understanding is not required. never could understand the craze of watching sports more than once or twice, now playing sports is another thing, but watching it .. modern hollywood could re-learn or learn from andy griffith. the creative arts can promote healthy, wholesome values and attitudes without being campy and disneyesque . oh they let him back in for andy s sake. thanks for the memories, andy. you will be missed. rip, old friend. ernest ant thar numore. he got kicked out fer rock thro-n dont forget goober thanks andy for the laughs what's new in sports?
__label__non_math	0.9980	email offers signup gn netcom series headsets unsurpassed sound quality crystal clear conversation excellent sound quality in an all-day-comfortable headset that's built to last that's the award-winning gn2100 flex -in-, featuring a noise-cancelling microphone perfect for the noisiest environments plus your choice of wearing styles noise-cancelling microphone provides more noise reduction than the gn2129 flex wearing styles let you choose the style that's most comfortable for you: secure earloop, flexible earhook, stable headband or new unobtrusive neckband. super lightweight design weighs less than ounce for greater calling comfort throughout the day. peakstop technology protects your ears from sudden loud noises coming across the line. quick disconnect feature provides an easy way to step away from the phone without disconnecting the call or even removing your headset. -year manufacturer's warranty on all gn corded headsets, for peace of mind. headset package with jabra link 850 audio processor amplifier jabra link 850 audio processor delivers consistent sound clarity, background noise reduction, and safer noise levels, ensuring fewer call interruptions and allowing agents to complete more calls faster. the link 850 also future-proofs your headset investment if you re considering a move to unified communications. it connects to virtually any phone, plus provides easy pc connectivity for uc calls. note: with dual connectivity, the jabra link 850 replaces both the gn8000 standard amplifier and gn8050 multimedia amplifier. before you order: connection to a usb port on a pc is necessary to power the jabra link 850. if you don't have a usb port, you can purchase a jabra usb to ac power cable sku for the link 850 for ac power. headset package with gn8210 digital amplifier gn8210 digital amplifier dramatically reduces incoming background noise and provides you with enhanced sound quality and protection against excessively-loud sounds. the gn8210 operates in one of three user-selected audio modes to suit the protection needs and sound quality preferences of each user. manufactured by jabra mfr. part number ,
__label__non_math	0.9999	i went shopping in old navy last week while chris was in school and i stumbled upon this cardigan. um, does it remind you of anything?? i just had to buy the sweater that was obviously inspired by my dahlia painting. ; here i am modeling it as we walked into downtown newport a few nights ago. and i wore it again when we went out in downtown annapolis with some friends and family this weekend. speaking of this weekend, let's speak about this weekend. we went back down to md so chris could have some time to visit with his family before we head back to hawaii. chris got in some good brother time... let's try that again... thaaat's better. we spent a lot of time on the boat complete with hair that makes me look like pebbles . chris jumped right back into wake boarding after a year away, but said he still prefers the call of the ocean waves. we took a side trip to my parents house and got to spend a little time goofing off with our ridiculous nieces and nephew. and no trip home is complete without some beers at rams head with good friends. what'd you do this weekend? also, go buy that sweater and every time you wear it, think of me and how much you want to buy my paintings. :
__label__non_math	1.0000	we do not have any photos of this breeder if you have an appropriate photo, please share it with helpmefind - see the upload photo button on the photos tab. please do not upload someone else's photos without their permission. thanks rose breeder listing last updated on sep . dickson, alexander patrick patrick - , son of alexander dickson iii. started his career in and took over rose breeding in .
__label__non_math	0.9943	conway, ark. - the village at hendrix will add nearly a mile of new crushed limestone gravel trails thanks to a arkansas highway and transportation department ahtd trails grant. the ada-accessible trails, totaling nearly two miles in all, are a feature of the -acre hendrix creek preserve hcp , a collaborative project involving the village at hendrix, southwestern energy, environmental studies and biology faculty, environmental engineers, and the u.s. army corps of engineers. hcp has been dedicated to the city of conway as a public park. hcp provides storm water management to prevent flooding within a 500-acre watershed area. through select native plantings and controlled stream flows, water leaves the environment cleaner than when it enters. the watershed also collects and retains storm events to recharge the local aquifers. constructed wetlands promote nesting places for migratory birds, waterfowl, and fish. additionally, the improved habitat functions as an outdoor classroom to encourage the study of the natural systems inherent in the hcp. the new trails will start at the north end of the village, connect to the existing boardwalk and continue to the hendrix baseball field. the grant also supports the refurbishing of three existing trail bridges, pet waste stations and interpretive signage designed by jay miller, the parent of a hendrix student. the signage is very important to the trail's education mission, said lydia nash, a hendrix graduate and development coordinator for the village at hendrix. "a lot of kids don't really understand what a watershed is and why this one is so special," nash said. "the signs will help students better understand how this system works, what type of species live here, the seasons, and how it cleanses the water as it goes in." the new trails will also include nearly ,000 of pecan trees, the class gift of the class of , nash said. the project, which started this week, will take about three months to complete. founded in , hendrix college is a national leader in engaged liberal arts and sciences education. for the fifth consecutive year, hendrix was named one of the country's "up and coming" liberal arts colleges by u.s. news and world report. hendrix is featured in the edition of the princeton review as one of the country's best 377 colleges, the latest edition of colleges that change lives: schools that will change the way you feel about colleges, forbes magazine's annual list of america's top 650 colleges, and the edition of the fiske guide to colleges. hendrix has been affiliated with the united methodist church since . for more information, visit
__label__non_math	0.9997	. what marches down the mountain pass? part five: "what marches down the mountain pass?" " . . .the winds awaken, the leaves whirl round, our cheeks are pale, our hair is unbound, our breasts are heaving, our eyes are agleam . . ." w. b. yeats, the hosting of the siddhe, another parley took place at the mountain gate early the next day, but thorin remained obdurate, even after learning that bard held the arkenstone as security against a rightful share of the hoard. furious at the hobbit, thorin banished bilbo baggins from his sight, telling him he could use his promised fourteenth to give to the men of esgaroth. even the revelation of the presence of gandalf did not soften thorin's heart. "you are not making a very splendid figure as king under the mountain," gandalf chided, as the group watched mr. baggins being let down the rock wall that guarded the gate. "but things may change yet." "they may yet indeed," replied thorin, and he refused to relinquish the fourteenth share of gold until a time of his own convenience. it was apparent to all that he hoped the arrival of dain would relieve him of even this obligation, while forcing the return of the arkenstone. bard set a deadline of twenty-four hours for the delivery of the gold, but this seemed an empty demand as the delegation made its way back down the mountain trail, richer by only one small hairy footed burglar. "the dragon greed is in full possession of him," thranduil said sadly. "our last hope of avoiding a battle is to intercept dain and persuade him to talk some sense into thorin. however, given the nature of dwarves and treasure, i fear that there is little chance of it." legolas noted that his father carefully avoided looking at mithrandir, who was very much the author of this current muddle. bard merely looked grimmer than ever. legolas knew that it was not for greed that bard fought. the men and women of esgaroth had placed their trust in him, and without the gold to rebuild, the town and its folk would die out. the day passed, and the night. the next morning dawned grey and chill, with a wind out of the west. winter was upon them, as were the dwarves, for runners reported that an army of naugrim had rounded the eastern spur of the mountain and were marching up the valley. trumpets blew, calling men and elves to arms. legolas watched while galion performed the grim duty of putting thranduil's hair into braids and strapping on his leather armor. he marveled at his father's apparent calm, and then marveled again as thranduil turned about to strap galion into his gear. "we have had much practice at this, galion and i," thranduil said. "one does not stand on ceremony before a battle." "you expect a battle this day?" "i still have hopes for a peaceful resolution, yet my experience tells me otherwise. have fefelas armor you up." the main host of the naugrim halted at the river, but a few of the dwarves continued on to make an envoy. "we are sent from dain son of nain," they said when bard and the elvenking went out to meet them. "who are you that sit in the plain as foes before defended walls?" these dwarves were a different matter entirely from thorin's half starved band, and legolas could see that they meant deadly business. they wore full chain mail over leggings of flexible mesh and helms of iron. they carried heavy axes, but each also was armed with a short broadsword and a round shield. their long beards were plaited into what looked to legolas to be the dwarvish equivalent of warrior braids and tucked into their belts. the very look of them made legolas keep a ready hand on his bow. "we have business with thorin," answered bard, "and you shall not pass until we have received our due from him. then we will retire." the dwarves liked this not at all, and many angry words were exchanged before they retreated, muttering in their beards. bard immediately sent messengers up to the gate, but a hail of arrows rather than the promised gold met them. meanwhile, the dwarvish army began to advance northward along the eastern bank of the river along the mountain spur. "fools," said bard. "they know little of battle strategy above ground. my spearmen and archers can have them in volley from the heights of the eastern spur at my word. i say we attack them now while they are still tired from their march." thranduil shook his head. "nay, bard, you are still new to kingship. this war is for gold, and i will wait a long time before i begin a battle for gold alone. do not be eager to waste your men's lives without dire necessity. we have the advantage of numbers and position. let us hold and hope that some compromise can still be reached." but it was too late. the dwarves sprang suddenly forward in the attack. the battle had begun. arrows hissed down from the eastern heights, and legolas drew his own bow, waiting until the first of the advancing naugrim should come within range. even more suddenly, the sky darkened and thunder and lightning sounded from the mountain's peak. a black cloud of moving shapes in the sky appeared from the north, moving not with the wind but with their own volition. legolas saw his father look upward with an expression of pained horror. "halt the fighting ceased, as dwarves, elves and men stared at the sky in horror and confusion. "come," said gandalf, "there is still time for council." thranduil and bard retired hastily to the camp to plan a defense. within a short time, dain joined them. "only a fool fights in a collapsing cavern," he said tersely, "and my father, nain, raised no fools." "we are outnumbered," said thranduil, with a look at gandalf. "our only hope is to lure the orc army between the spurs of the mountain, where we can catch them as if between two jaws. you, bard, have men already upon the eastern spur. i will set my archers and pikemen upon the southern spur, ready to charge when the goblins come into the valley." "i will join bard on the east," said dain. "his army is fewer and my dwarves are closer to that spot." "who is to lead the feint that will draw the orcs into the valley?" said mithrandir. "my men will do it," replied bard. "the orcs will think us easier prey than dwarves or elves. come some of the swifter elves accompanied bard to the top of the eastern spur to spy out the approaching armies. legolas would have gone to join them, but thranduil shook his head. "time to do what i brought you here to do, legolas. you and your men will stand with me on the ridge they call the raven hill. my nobles and i will have need of a body-guard before this day is out." he motioned the others on and bade legolas stay behind with him for a moment. "this orc attack is what i feared all along. i now have little hope that the rest of my army will arrive in time, but we must hold out as long as possible. i am keeping you near me for a reason. if i should fall, the elves will look to you. keep your head and listen to magorion and s regon." "and if i should fall?" legolas said. thranduil smiled bitterly. "in that case, one of my nobles will lead what is left of mirkwood. you and i will be meeting in the halls of mandos, and we will be beyond caring, i deem." the hike to the heights of the raven hill took about half an hour, and time was drawing short. mithrandir was with them, along with the hobbit, who looked overwhelmed but ready to make a good showing of himself, with his short elven sword. magorion was there, and s regon, and others of the lords of thranduil's court, all in full battle attire, and a group of what legolas realized to be elf-women, dressed in male clothing and wearing armor. these were the healers, and although they carried weapons, they would not use them until the utmost need for self-defense, as it was believed that their power to heal was diminished by the taking of life. they found an old dwarvish guard post cut into the rock of the raven hill, where the healers could shelter and defend at the very last. elven pikemen were arrayed along the lowest slopes of the spur among the rocks, with groups of archers stationed above them. the thunderstorm had passed to the southeast, but the day was turning ever darker as the flights of bats grew thicker in the sky above. they had not been long upon the hill when the first of the orcish wolf riders rounded the eastern spur of the mountain and were met by a group of bard's men. the esgaroth soldiers held out long enough to whet the orcs' fury and to allow their army to gather behind the resistance. seeming to give back in defeat, they retreated to either side, causing the orcs to pour into the valley in a disorganized rush after the fleeing men. when the orcs were well within the confining spurs of the mountain, thranduil gave the signal, and the mirkwood archers let loose a volley of arrows. with the goblins reeling from the bombardment, the pikemen charged down from the rocks in a deadly rush. the rocks were soon slippery with black blood, and the orcs retreated back toward the east. then, from the eastern ridge came the deep-throated cries of, "moria as the orcs met this new attack, yet another wave of mirkwood pikemen charged in, this time led by pallanen, the captain of the forest guard. from the heights, legolas could see his dark head disappear into the melee and hear his voice among the battle cries. legolas longed to loose a shot into the fray, but he heard his father's calm voice say, "hold. save your arrows. they will be here soon enough." for a while, it seemed that the orcs were being beaten back and were retreating south down the valley, but soon there came cries from the north. the orcs had scaled the mountain and were pouring down the southern slope above the gate. some made their way along the ridge and assailed the raven hill from the north, just as the orcs in the valley recovered and began to swarm up the valley slope. now, legolas brought his bow into use, as did glavras beside him, along with the rest of the bodyguard and those of the nobles who carried them. one after another, legolas took careful aim and knocked back orcs who came up the ridge. he heard the sing of metal behind him as thranduil drew his sword. the elvish blades all glowed with a blue light now, even that of mithrandir, who sat upon the ground, seemingly deep in thought or meditation towards some blast of magic before the end. down on the valley floor, a host of wargs came snarling, and with them rode the bodyguard of the goblin king, bolg. these were not the puny cave goblins but huge orcs with metal armor and scimitars of steel. legolas could see the forces of bard being forced back up the sides of the eastern spur, and the tide of orcs now reached the raven hill. the carnage in the valley was terrible, and the bats plunged from the sky to feast upon the blood of the dying. "form ranks," legolas yelled to his men "form ranks around the king all at once there came a cry from the gate. trumpets sounded and the wall of rocks collapsed into the pool. out sprang thorin and his dwarves. "to me, elves and men," thorin cried in a voice so powerful that legolas could hear him over the din of the battle. "to me, my kinsfolk thorin and his dwarves were a relative few, but the fire of battle filled them, and they charged through the goblin ranks like a battering ram. at the sight, dain's folk took heart, along with the men of the lake. they flooded back into the valley. thorin fought mightily, but the bodyguard of bolg, whose iron ring he could not pierce, brought him to a halt and soon he was surrounded himself. legolas was no stranger to combat, but his experience had been with forest skirmishes, quickly over. this was his first time in such a protracted battle, and although new to it, he could tell that his side was losing. the orcs were close upon him now, so near that he could almost see the pores in their skin and smell their foul breath. he stepped back involuntarily and caught his father's eye sidelong. thranduil had a strange look about him. he shook his head as if to say, "i am sorry," and then uttered a high-pitched, bloodcurdling scream. this was the first time legolas had heard his father give an elvish battle cry, but he had little time to reflect upon it, for he heard the same cry coming from his own throat and from the throats of those around him as he followed his father headlong down the hill in a full out charge. he was running fast now, so fast that he would surely have fallen if he had paused to worry about where he put his feet, but thranduil's scream had filled him with a kind of madness, as it had the other elven lords. the orcs, met with this daunting rush of elf-warriors in full battle-fever gave back against the onslaught. legolas fired one arrow after the other. soon his quiver would be empty and he would be forced to scavenge from the bodies of the dead. he drew his bow yet again, felt an arrow pass close enough to his head to waft his hair. at the same time he heard a twanging sound. his bow abruptly lost tension, he felt a stinging pain at his right eye, and that side of his vision went dark. he put his hand to the right side of his face and brought it away covered with blood. it took him a few moments to understand that his bowstring, snapped by the passing arrow, had lashed him across the eye. he dimly hoped that he still had an eye left behind that torrent of blood, but he was far too deep in the battle fury to much care. he wasted only a few seconds trying to slip his now useless bow into its carrier before abandoning the attempt and letting it fall. he hated to see it trampled underfoot, but no weapon, no matter how cherished, was worth his life. he reached back to his quiver and drew his matched knives. the world looked strangely flat to him now, but he could fight with his knives on instinct alone. magorion had taught him well. he could see magorion swinging his sword, just up the slope beyond thranduil and galion. he spared a moment of gratitude for the patient hours his father's general had spent teaching a clumsy elf-child the rudiments of close combat. many a time, those very sharp blades, inexpertly wielded by the novice prince, had nicked magorion. had it not been for the fact that elven skin healed without a scar, magorion would probably resemble one of those patchwork quilts the edain favored. that patient instruction was saving his life now, and legolas knew it. they had reached the valley floor by now and were in the thick of the fighting. it became much harder to see the course of the battle from the midst of it. all legolas could do was to keep any attacking orcs away from his father as best he could until the battle ended however it ended. he heard cries, something about eagles. he heard a strange roaring sound and saw what looked to be a bear moving through the fray, batting orcs to right and left. the elvenking's group fought their way toward the spot where thorin had been surrounded. whether they were anywhere near to reaching it, legolas could not tell. legolas had stayed to thranduil's right, so that he could keep his father in the view of his good eye. he realized his fatal strategic mistake too late, when he was hit from his blind side and knocked flat. something heavy stepped on the back of his head - it felt like the paws of a warg - grinding his face flat into the dirt for a few moments. he heard the swish of a flying spear. when legolas came to himself and was able to make his limbs work again, the battle seemed to have passed off to the south. all around, he heard the sounds of groaning and weeping, and the muttering of the dying. groggily, he pulled himself up and staggered toward the spot where he had last seen his father. he saw thranduil sitting on the ground, cradling galion's head in his lap. the broken off shaft of an orcish spear protruded from the esquire's chest. thranduil looked up. "ai rodyn, legolas, what happened to you?" legolas shook his head impatiently. "my bowstring snapped. it is nothing. what of galion?" thranduil nodded in the direction of a headless orc and the equally dead warg he had been riding. "he came at me. galion threw himself in the way of his spear. such a stupid, brave thing to do thranduil returned his attention to his stricken esquire. "why, galion?" he whispered. "my duty, sire," galion said weakly. "how bad is it?" "not bad," thranduil lied. "it hurts like a demon," galion said, and a fine trickle of blood appeared at the corner of his mouth. thranduil and legolas exchanged a silent look of dismay. "for the love of elbereth," thranduil cried, "will someone fetch a healer? to be continued . . . rodyn: sindarin for valar, the gods. this is a work of fan fiction, written because the author has an abiding love for the works of j r r tolkien. the characters, settings, places, and languages used in this work are the property of the tolkien estate, tolkien enterprises, and possibly new line cinema, except for certain original characters who belong to the author of the said work. the author will not receive any money or other remuneration for presenting the work on this archive site. the work is the intellectual property of the author, is available solely for the enjoyment of henneth ann n story archive readers, and may not be copied or redistributed by any means without the explicit written consent of the author.
__label__non_math	1.0000	we're sorry but an error occurred while processing your request. if this is the first time you've received this error, please if you continue to receive this error, please contact us for further assistance.
__label__non_math	1.0000	seasons of life there truly are different seasons, all revolving around the fact that things change, people change, and it s often hard to cope with these , especially when it is the result of our own decisions. i had my last day at retro this weekend, a place that inspired the name for the column and the place that for the past three years has transformed my perspective on life and seasoned it with great people. retro may look like a regular caf on the outside, but it holds a greater importance than coffee, ice cream, and sandwiches in so many people s lives. when you apply and are accepted to the team, it s more than being hired, it s the invitation to the large, warm, and very unique family. the owners, heidi and bill, have created a place where people from every generation, every background, can come and enjoy themselves, most of which have, and continue to do so daily. the most prominent members of the retro family are the old guys that visit retro every day. retro mornings remind me of a pg version of cheers; well maybe not pg when harvey is around. these guys are drinking strictly coffee and still get a little bit rowdy. they have become familiar faces and often seem like grandpas. with each new cup of medium rare decaf, or in nick oeffling s case, medium on the bottom, decaf on the top, the volume increases, and the conversations continue, jumping around from loretto s baseball stats to whether or not i ve got a fella these days. leave it to harvey to be the first person to ask that question. they are all sweet at heart, coming each day to share their company with people that will undoubtedly provide them with top-of-the-line service, even if jim oeffling says he never gets his toast to him when it s warm. i guess you could say that retro has done so much for these guys in providing them with a place to shoot the breeze and have their names posted on a bar, but in actuality, these guys have seasoned our lives with their wisdom, humor, and hearty laughter every morning. the old guys have had the unique opportunity to watch each of the retro crew grow from high school to collegiate, imparting wisdom when they see fit but most of the time, just sharing stories about the fun and wild times they had when they were my age, creating a relationship that extends past just being a regular, into the feeling of family. whether it s veggies from harvey, flowers from leroy, or hugs from jim, each of the guys has been through the different seasons of life in different ways, creating characters that radiate in retro every morning through their rowdy discussions and often humorous conversations. the retro family doesn t stop there. i think the most significant and notable part of the retro family is just under feet tall, with a thick italian accent and goes by the name, anna maria lucia teresa rosati i think that s almost right? . anna is bill s mom and has been coined the boss around retro. she comes in every morning to prep vegetables, but her presence does far more than provide freshly-cut produce. every morning, you welcome her with your best italian accent, anna maria, and she echoes the rest of her name, followed by a request in spanish for her caf , a double shot of espresso. this woman is one of a kind, the kind of uniqueness that you feel inspired by. her life began in italy, and as bill would tell it, she came straight off the boat to the us. her life is full of stories, interesting, hilarious, amazing, and always compelling, and has allowed her to become a woman of great passion, integrity and compassion for doing what is right and preserving the peace, not to mention her strong devotion to the democratic party. her passion and intelligence have led her and i to have many discussions about life, politics, and spirit, all the while teaching me things about life that i would never have learned on my own. this family is so diverse, and unique and i could go on and on, and wish that i could, but there simply isn t the space. i ve gotten to know so many people, employees, customers, and regulars over the past three plus years that have touched my life, all because heidi and bill had a passion to create a place that would be generations of fun, a true inspiration for anyone who has a dream. with each decision, it is a new step forward in life, a different season, and a time of change. it is often difficult to leave what you have established and experienced behind, but there is nowhere to go but forward. i think it s a matter of living each moment so that you know that each season of your life was fully lived.
__label__non_math	0.9949	sometimes, love hurts. max king can attest to that. he was in pain on saturday and loving every minute of it. his agony was ecstasy. what wasn t there to love? king won the race. it wasn t just any race, run on just any course to achieve just any accomplishment. he covered the .-mile course in a record hours, minutes and seconds to win the milestone 50th edition of america s ultramarathon, the largest, oldest and quite possibly most prestigious such event in the country. king averaged per mile on a rocky course with as many ups and downs as lindsay lohan s career. and in the completion of the daunting process, king shattered the race record by nearly six minutes. that mark of :was the latest unbeatable mark set by david riddle just last year, which eclipsed the previously unbeatable mark of :set by eric clifton in . for anyone keeping track, that s minutes, seconds shaved off the impossible in just two years. as john mellencamp says, that s why it hurt so good. but with one look around the finishing area, it was easy to see that king s misery loves company. the jfk started as a fitness run before evolving into one of distance running s holy grails. the notion was born as a health initiative for the military and u.s. citizens by two presidents first teddy roosevelt some 100 years ago as an objective for military officers, before being retooled by john f. kennedy to promote public fitness in . it s now the ultimate test for specialized world-class athletes and joe joggers alike. for some god-forsaken reason, they find pleasure touring the sites between boonsboro and williamsport a -mile trip via car on foot. they would rather climb and descend on the rough terrain known as the appalachian trail before running a marathon on the c o canal towpath. then, it s topped off by traversing the hilly, paved roadways of washington county before heading for home or to school, in this case. one by one, runners trickled across the finish line. in the old days, they would find a patch of ground and lay there until the senses they abandoned hours ago caught up with them. now, it s different much, much different. parasiliti: limits of love, pain put to test by jfk bob parasiliti joe crocetta
__label__non_math	0.9994	displaying items 109-120 of 393 view herald-mail.com items only world nowon russia s annual day of national unity holiday, more than ,000 young nationalistic protesters took to the streets of the nation s capital, denouncing president vladimir putin and demanding his ouster.... world nowthe upper house of russia s parliament voted to broaden the definition of espionage and high treason, continuing what many activists view as a crackdown on dissent in the country.... i grew up in a democratic home. my dad was always very aware of what was happening in government. we have copies of letters dad wrote to the politicians of his day and the responses he received. dad kept a chart on the fridge of all the local, state and... last month, a new york times story noted "an extraordinary event" in the former soviet republic of georgia. president mikhail saakashvili, whose human rights record is not exactly the gold standard, "conceded defeat in parliamentary elections," saying... yes on measure v measure v doesn't change current practices. it preserves nearly years of costa mesa city laws and policies. state conflict-of-interest and political contribution laws would still apply. current bidding practices would continue,... washington -- tell us, president obama, about your foreign policy. "we've got to make sure that we reduce our deficit by cutting out spending we don't need but also asking the wealthiest to pay a little bit more. that way we can invest in the... the third and final debate between president barack obama and republican mitt romney included a few memorable lines mr. romney's promise that in his administration, russian president vladimir putin would be on the receiving end of "more backbone,"... the annual artreview power 100 list is out and this year's ranking of the art world's most influential and powerful people features a woman in the no. spot for the first time. carolyn christov-bakargiev, the curator at documenta in germany,... tags: ai weiwei, kabul afghanistan , germany, arts, arts and culture los angeles timesit's hard to fathom that saddam hussein inspired a fashion trend. but he did for madeleine albright, u.s. ambassador to the united nations and secretary of state under president clinton. it was after the first gulf war, after she criticized hussein... tags: yasser arafat, museums, bible, muhammad ali, madeleine albright a new issue has popped up in the presidential race. surprisingly, it has nothing to do with the state of the u.s. economy. it is about a new world order that has removed familiar and in some cases pro-american leaders from strategically important arab... vladimir putin, past and current president of russia in between he was its prime minister has a somewhat unique public image, which is cultivated in many ways. can you tell the real putin publicity stunts from the fakes? take our quiz and find out.... original site for vladimir putin topic gallery.
__label__non_math	0.9983	a lot has been said about the lord s last supper, giving rise to myriad interpretations about the true meaning behind the occasion. many christians may agree that the last supper was the last gathering that jesus christ shared with his disciples before his crucifixion and finally ascendance to heaven. a church leader, father anesu douglas manyere s.j, has joined the fray on the interesting subject through his recently published book titled the giving reflections for prayer and meditation on the eucharist , that tries to cast light on the lord s last supper in a modern contest. in the book, father manyere taps from both his christian and personal experiences to address the meaning behind the last supper. father manyere urges people to look up to jesus christ s ways of loving even one s enemies, hence the conclusion why he was equated to the light of the world because of his kindheartedness. the author challenges people to learn to be good unto others after reading the bible verse where the story of the last supper is carried. father manyere lays bare the gist of his book when he writes in his introductory remarks: what is your experience like after reading the last supper discourses in the bible? do you feel happy or sad, elated or depressed, anxious or angry, confounded and confused? do you feel moved to do something wonderful for humanity like building an orphanage or a school or contributing to the many institutes that exist today . . . ? page . by merely reading these lines, one instantly grasps the full import behind the giving , which also helps the reader in having a better understanding of the full meaning of prayer, meditation and the eucharist. one good thing about the book is that the author encourages the spirit of sharing a meal be it as a family, community or nation, which in itself means a lot if taken to mean how a shared meal or shared effort unifies people towards a common goal. after all, it is said that there is unity in numbers. . . . meals accompany all the important occasions in life. the birth of a child is celebrated with a meal, so is marriage and death. most important transitions in life are marked with meals. there is no important occasion that is said to be validated without an accompanying meal. sharing food is humankind s symbol of friendship, trust, and solidarity, writes father manyere in the chapter titled our common meal . published by wam based in harare, zimbabwe, the 56paged book is a welcome contribution to religious literature in zimbabwe through the way it casts light into the meanings behind some verses in the bible.
__label__non_math	1.0000	rock hill someone fired bbs into several windows of a vacant home on armstrong court in rock hill. a worker noticed the damage monday morning and called police. he said the home was fine friday when he left, according to a rock hill police report. officers checked for signs of a burglary, but nothing was stolen. they did notice the back storm door was also shattered. the homeowner believed the empty home was being used as a crack house by local neighbors, according to the report. he told police the damage may be retaliation for securing the home. a neighbor said she noticed several juveniles in the area playing with a bb gun. the damage was estimated at .
__label__non_math	1.0000	when it happens panel get involved: send your photos, videos, news views by texting 'oxford news' to or email william and kate's baby due in july the duke and duchess of cambridge's summer baby is due in july, st james's palace has confirmed. kate, who was treated in hospital last month for severe morning sickness, is continuing to feel better as she enters the second trimester of her pregnancy. the duchess is believed to be around to weeks pregnant and confirmation of the birth month means it is likely she has now had her -week scan and the pregnancy is progressing well. although st james's palace declined to confirm the exact due date, kate looks set to give birth to the future king or queen in mid-july. "their royal highnesses the duke and duchess of cambridge are delighted to confirm they are expecting a baby in july," a st james's palace spokesman said. "the duchess's condition continues to improve since her stay in hospital last month." the brief update comes at a time when william and kate had most likely intended to announce the pregnancy. the news was revealed earlier than planned on december after kate was admitted to king edward vii's hospital suffering from hyperemesis gravidarum, which causes severe vomiting during pregnancy. st james's palace also confirmed that kate is expecting just one baby. there had been speculation that she might be carrying twins as hyperemesis gravidarum is more often experienced by women expecting twins. kate was last seen in public on friday when she visited the national portrait gallery in london with william for the unveiling of her first official portrait. she looked well and smiled during the brief appearance. a spokesman for the couple said they were unlikely to undertake any engagements in the next few weeks as william would be concentrating on his flying with the raf search and rescue force. he added that kate was likely to return to engagements "in the near future". the queen has already acted to ensure the new baby - a future monarch - will be entitled to be a princess if william and kate have a daughter. she has issued a letters patent under the great seal of the realm declaring: "all the children of the eldest son of the prince of wales should have and enjoy the style, title and attribute of royal highness with the titular dignity of prince or princess prefixed to their christian names or with such other titles of honour."
__label__non_math	1.0000	design contest generates funding published: monday, at a.m. last modified: monday, at a.m. the success of an international toy design competition translated into extra money programs offered by easter seals southwest florida. for more information about easter seals southwest florida and its programs, call 355- or visit for the second year, the design wine event was feb. in the main hangar at dolphin aviation at the sarasota-bradenton international airport. for the design sense challenge, designers from around the world were asked to design a toy or sensory aid for children with disabilities. the competition attracted entries from designers in countries. the top designs were on display at the event. the competition winner was nicholas fjeliberg swerdlowe of the savannah school of art and design. he earned a ,000 prize sponsored by children's world and admission to the american specialty toy retailing association marketplace and academy. as guests jennifer leigh and her new digs played music, guests enjoyed heavy hors d'oeuvres, wines, beer and wine-inspired cocktails provided by stonewood grill. a big hit of the evening was a photo booth provided by cat pennenga. guests selected items from a trunk full costumes to wear in a photo, which they took home as a souvenir. "with nonprofits struggling for dollars, the easter seals southwest florida created a global competition to develop a new revenue stream," former easter seals board member and competition founder robert vecchione said. "we are so excited to have started this new avenue to continue our mission. the response was incredible, and it was amazing seeing the variety of designs we received by opening up the competition worldwide." easter seals southwest florida began in as happiness house, offering help to children with disabilities and their families. today, programs for children and adults with disabilities include therapy, social activities, and life skills and job training. . this copyrighted material may not be re-published without permission. links are encouraged.
__label__non_math	1.0000	neal firm buys more lots published: wednesday, at a.m. last modified: tuesday, at p.m. lakewood ranch - a subsidiary of homebuilder neal communities has paid about .million for building lots in the country club east neighborhood of this master-planned community. the owners of lakewood ranch helped neal with his .million loan. a year ago, one of neal's companies paid ,000 per acre for lots in the same neighborhood. lakewood ranch-based neal communities closed with the highest sales in company history. the company sold percent more homes than in . that included 600 new home sales recorded and 487 deals projected to close. the growth spurred the hiring of employees, and the company opened a division in lee and collier counties. now building in neighborhoods from parrish to englewood, neal communities controls more than percent of the market share in manatee county, the company said. this story appeared in print on page d3 . this copyrighted material may not be re-published without permission. links are encouraged.
__label__non_math	1.0000	illinois man dies in fla. hang gliding accident published: sunday, at a.m. last modified: sunday, at a.m. groveland - authorities say an illinois man has died in a hang gliding accident in central florida. the lake county sheriff's office says -year-old zachary james marzec crashed saturday on the runway at a small airport in groveland. investigators say it appears that marzec's hang glider malfunctioned, causing it to fall to the ground. marzec was taken to a hospital, where he died about an hour after the crash. authorities did not release his hometown.
__label__non_math	0.9999	get involved terms and conditions in these conditions of use: "we" means newsquest media group ltd, -london road, surrey sm4 5br "you" means the user of the message board. - conditions of use if you wish to upload or post information on this message board, you must first register such information as is required by us. no information can be posted on this message board without first obtaining such registration. - personal information data protection we will respect your personal information in accordance with all applicable uk data protection legislation. all personal information which you provide will be stored on computer. all information may be retained for up to six months after you provide it. - uploading or posting to this message board - you agree not to upload or post on to this message board information, files or software or any other materials: - containing pornography; - containing sexually explicit or offensive content; - containing vulgar or obscene language; - containing racially or ethnically offensive content; - containing material which is illegal or criminal or regarding illegal activity or designed to encourage illegal activity or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatsoever; - intended to harass or threaten any party; - which offer products or services or contain advertising for any products or services or promote any party's commercial interests in any manner whatsoever. we shall have the right to determine what constitutes the promotion of a commercial interest; - which infringe any copyright, design rights, database rights or other intellectual property or proprietary rights of any third party without the consent of that third party; - containing defamatory or libellous content; - which have been manipulated in order to disguise the origin of any uploaded posted material; - which may interfere with or disrupt the services provided by us. - if you post or upload onto this message board any information, files, software or other materials or provide any links to other sites or materials, you are responsible for such and for any claims which may be made by third parties in that respect. furthermore, you agree to indemnify us and our group companies against any claims, damages, costs, losses, expenses or liabilities which we may incur as a result of any misuse or unlawful use of this message board by you including, without limitation, arising from any breach of the rules set out in this condition carried out by you or by a third party for whom you are responsible. - if you contribute information, files, software or other materials to this message board, you hereby grant us and our group companies and other users of this message board, a royalty free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right to edit, amend, reformat, copy, publish in any medium whether paperbased or electronic , sub-licence and distribute any such materials. you will not submit any such materials unless you are able to grant such rights. you will indemnify us against any claims, damages, costs, losses, expenses or liabilities which we may incur if you do not have such rights to grant. - use of this message board - you agree not to do anything which is likely to, or intended to,disrupt use by others of this message board or which amounts to spamming. - you agree to use all reasonable endeavours not to upload or post onto this message board any materials which contain viruses, worms, logic bombs or other destructive features or contaminants. - you agree not to falsely impersonate another person when using this message board. - removal of materials by newsquest we reserve the right at any time to edit or remove any information, files, software or other materials from this message board which are or may be in our opinion, in breach of any of the rules set out in condition or are otherwise harmful or offensive in any way to any person or where complaints are received in respect of such materials. we will not be liable to any person who has placed such materials on this message board, irrespective of any such editing or removal. we do not, however, guarantee prompt editing or removal of any such material from this message board in such circumstances. - exclusion of liability for materials on the site the information, files, software and other materials contained within this message board are provided by individual contributors. newsquest does not monitor or edit such materials nor does it monitor conduct on this message board. any views, opinions or statements made in such materials are those of the contributors and we do not endorse those. we do not accept any responsibility or liability to any person in respect of any materials contained with this bulletin and in particular, without limitation, for: - any inaccuracy or errors or omissions in such materials; - the incompleteness of any such materials; - any software, information or products which may be provided or offered from such materials; - any use which may be made of such materials; - defamatory, harmful, criminal, pornographic or offensive content in such materials; or - the conduct of any users of this message board. - accessible linked third party materials and sites any third party sites, message boards, materials, information, software or files which may be accessed from the materials contributed to this message board or which are linked to the materials contributed to this message board are the sole responsibility of the third party providing such access or link or operating or offering such. we give no warranty in respect of such and accept no responsibility or liability to any person for such or for any use which may be made of such. - rights in message board we own the content of this message board other than the content submitted by contributors together with all - newsquest's right to ban use without prejudice to any other rights which may be available to us, we reserve the right to cancel the registration of any user of this message board or to ban any user from this message board if that user fails to comply with these conditions of use. - amendments these conditions of use may be amended from time to time and, if such amendments are made, the amended conditions of use will be placed on this page and will be binding on each user of this message board. - passwords where applicable, you are responsible for maintaining confidentiality of any user name and password provided to you on registration. you shall not disclose your user name or password to any third party. you are responsible for all activities which occur under your user name and or password. if you become aware that any third party has obtained access to your user name or password or of any unauthorised use of your user name or password, you must report such to us immediately. - law these conditions of use shall be construed in accordance with english law. if there is any dispute arising out of these conditions or use of the message board, the english courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction.
__label__non_math	0.9420	while this isn't an extreme problem, i have found at least one instance where a providerid and a memberid are equal. good software development prinicples will overcome the issue, but i felt i should make it known to the competition committee. joined apr 'email user joined apr 'email user thanked by finelinesysdes you must be logged in to reply to this topic. log in flagging is a way of notifying administrators that this message contents inappropriate or abusive content. are you sure this forum post qualifies?
__label__non_math	0.9998	q: hi, greg, and thanks for all the old-time car columns. i really enjoy them and they bring back great memories. i m now years old and remember a car called the muntz jet that was built in the usa. can you give me some info on the muntz jet and how many years it was offered for sale? charles k., retired and happy in illinois. a: charles, i d be glad to. the muntz jet was the brainchild of earl madman muntz, who was one of southern california s best-known used-car dealers and a true inventor and entrepreneur. originally, muntz teamed up with auto racing legend frank kurtis, who built all of those midget race cars that ran at tracks like ascot park and chicago s soldier field following world war ii. kurtis would go on to build a streetable sports car and introduced a kurtis sport in . his car featured aluminum panels, a fiberglass hood and a removable hardtop and soft top. kurtis customers could choose any drivetrain they wanted, and kurtis would make it happen. however, most buyers choose a 110-horsepower flathead ford v-. now, when i use the word buyers, one must keep in mind that in , kurtis operated out of a small shop and built his cars by hand. thus, only kurtis sports were ever built, which is when madman muntz came into the picture and purchased the entire kurtis operation for an estimated . muntz then renamed the kurtis sport a muntz jet, and made it more consumer friendly by stretching the wheelbase from 100 to 113 inches and adding a back seat and cadillac 331-inch v-that produced 160 horsepower. in his first year of , muntz built jets with a retail price of ,500, and then announced he was moving his entire operation to evanston, ill. there, he made more changes, replacing the aluminum body with steel and stretching the wheelbase to 116 inches. the cadillac engine was replaced first by a lincoln flathead v-with 154 horses, then with lincoln s new 317 v-, which produced 160 horses. muntz sold his jet through the model year. muntz said 394 jets were built, and it is estimated that today some survive. movie stars, of which he was friend with many, usually bought them, but from the beginning muntz was losing money on every sale as production costs were very high. muntz, however, is known for more than his crazy showmanship, car antics and tv commercials. he was a respected inventor and designer, as his muntz -track tape player system, the forerunner of l the -track, made him millions. he made even more millions by inventing things like muntz black-and-white tvs that sold for , muntz stereos and the first-ever big-screen tv with sony components. his used car lot was called elgin after the illinois town where he was born in . he was also a kaiser-frazer new car dealer, and a great one at that. there s way more on muntz, so check it out at muntz dropped out of high school to open his first used-car dealership with a loan that his mom co-signed for. when he died in from lung cancer, he had left a legacy that to this day, few if any can ever match. thanks for the question, and if you don t have a computer, visit a family member or friends so you can check out madman muntz s homepage. greg zyla writes weekly for gatehouse media and welcomes reader questions on collector cars or auto nostalgia at firstname.lastname or at 303 roosevelt st., sayre, pa .
__label__non_math	0.9365	so let s see how this class is doing compared to last years class at the same time. needs for each year are different. scholarship numbers change; however, by looking at the quantity and quality of the recruits we can get a better idea of how this class is shaping up. so in may of where did we stand? well we had verbal commitments. eight star recruits, and four star recruits. we hit the offensive side of the ball early, in particular the line. five of twelve were ol, with two more being tes. our lone qb, wrs round out the offensive side of these recruits. the only defensive recruits were a pair of defensive backs. with the offensive line and defensive backfield being the primary concerns in most of the holes were filled early. commits with a .star average, offensive, defensive. what does may of look like? we ve got verbal commitments. one is a star recruit, five are stars and three stars. again, it seems offensive early and often with a target on the line. three lineman, a te, rb, and a wr. only three defensive prospects, a lb as well as two very welcome additions to our burgeoning stock of elite defensive lineman. this year we had less holes to fill than in , and no real area that is a glaring need. the areas of need include te, ol, and maybe dl if you had to choose them. the needs again seemed to have been addressed early. commits with a .star average. offensive, defensive. there are some interesting similarities to these classes. s class ended up with players, meaning half of the players were already in the fold at this time. due to scholarship restrictions i believe this next class of may only have around players, and maybe less depending on who leaves or stays with the program for various reasons. so it seems the target for the staff is to be half way home in may. both classes went after the offensive side of the ball early, in particular the lineman. a deep, experienced line that keeps reloading is the hallmark of a great program. this is true on both sides of the ball. it seems that this staff understands that and has addressed lack of depth on the offensive lines the past two recruiting cycles as early as possible. while in we didn t have much on the defensive line early, we already have commits for . it looks like the area of emphasis early in cycles for this staff is the line, and i for one wholeheartedly support this, as games are won and lost in the trenches. see-all of last year s irishmob13 demonstrated what i d call the most visual impact of the twitter era on recruiting i ve seen. i m not sure if the coaches had much to do with this they may have after the tee shepard deontay greenberry debacle but the way the previous class stuck together, as well as recruited each other seemed to be unique. as communication has become easier, it is interesting to see how this impacts recruiting. maybe this has gone on to this extent before, only it was next to impossible to see unless you were in the all star camps. this year s goldenarmy14 is beginning to do the same. as mentioned by keith arnold over at inside the irish elijah hood in particular has begun to recruit. this is a good sign about the strength of his commitment as well as the ability of the staff to sell a recruit. after a few de-commitments and transfers of elite prospects in early years, the coaches seemed to have reined in all of those issues. when you convince a recruit to not only commit, but to preach his convictions to other elite kids making the same type of decision then you are doing something very well. last year s recruiting class was one of the best in the country. in recent recruiting history we ve had trouble, or been perceived to have trouble landing big defensive difference making recruits. that idea has been slowly laid to rest after we ve consistently grabbed top tier defensive recruits, with last years class of jaylon smith, max redfield, and eddie vanderdoes perhaps being the most star studded defensively in a very long time. so where do we stand? i d say with respect to last year we stand in about exactly the same place, with slightly better talent. however, this year we ve got less holes to fill. as we move forward in this cycle it will be interesting to see not only how many recruits we get, but the overall quality. i believe if we do well we will see an equally or more impressive class than last year. we may also strike out going after elite talent and not fill up the class. the way things have been going leads me to believe the former is more likely. on monday sam mustipher made himself the 6th member of the recruiting class. one of the better additions to the class, he s ranked as a guard in more than one service. with a couple of good looking prospects on both sides of the line of scrimmage, as well as a wide receiver and an inside linebacker; the class is off to a great start. below is a list of the class members and their positions, with a link to their bios. the bios include ranking in each major ranking services, a little of our own opinion, vitals, and a video link if available. sam mustipher og ot andrew trumbetti ath de greer martini ilb jay hayes dt ot jimmy byrne ot justin brent wr well, it s been a bit of a rough ride for the recruiting class. last year, tee shepard was only on the roster for a few hours. aaron lynch departed after the campaign. gunner kiel decided to head elsewhere. and this week, davonte neal and justin ferguson decided to depart as well. attrition has definitely set in. these days, it s an annual expectation. thankfully, the notre dame football program is healthy enough to handle it. that may sound a little strange, especially since we aren t used to that line of thinking these days and brian kelly has made several references to a lack of depth in . however, it s the truth. consider the fact that after lynch left, our defensive line was still a dominate force in . despite not having tee shepard to fill some huge holes in the secondary, the irish still managed to hold it together. we still have three more years of golson with malik zaire waiting in the wings, softening the loss of kiel. while our wr corps isn t as stocked as i would prefer, i have little doubt kelly and company will be able to use the talent available to compensate. further consider the recruiting mindset of kelly. he wants to land a qb every year. he is constantly looking for what he calls big skill players that could possibly fill a couple of different roles if needed. a solid group of starters at any position isn t enough he wants them two-deep for constant depth and to keep his roster in a state of constant competition. this season, we have seen the fruits of those three years of recruiting labor. despite the attrition that has hit the irish, we still find ourselves only able to offer well below scholarships to the class of because we are so close to the maximum of scholarships for the entire roster. while every player that leaves the irish is definitely a disappointing loss, it now opens up a precious roster spot for a potential fifth-year, an extra offer to an elite recruit, or even the chance to reward a deserving senior walk-on. so as far as attrition goes, i m going to use a rather infamous kelly quote: get used to it. some guys might leave for personal reasons, but we are also seeing our former blue-chip recruits leave simply because they don t think they ll get the playing time they want. that speaks volumes for the level of talent notre dame now has. a couple of years ago, if a huge get in the recruiting class had a guaranteed three or four years of playing time. that simply isn t the case anymore. so bring the attrition on. next man in as kelly would say. this is exactly where we want to be. i guess this counts as wac attrition. idaho and new mexico state are fleeing the wac for the sun belt. the sun belt is also grabbing appalachian state hey michigan and georgia southern from the fcs. care to take a stab at which group is the better get? and the national championship game will transfer to dallas johnny football is gone. from twitter. wait, what did you think i was going to say? southern cal has lost another player. this time, due to injury. the ncaa might be able to use a little attrition themselves. someone else has apparently dropped the ball in the miami case. this qualifies as what i like to call saban-style attrition . four players are gone from ucla. one for violation of team rules and the other three well, this article outright calls it roster maintenance . my beer choice is also suffering from some attrition because i m still cleaning out my beer fridge of brews that have been donated for one reason or another. considering i have a vegas trip coming up to save money for and because i ve been ridiculously busy for work because of the vegas trip, the main reason i m there is because of work , i have had little motivation to go buy more beer as of late. ok, it s probably not attrition, it s being lazy and cheap as hell, but i don t care. on the chopping block this weekend: dos equis. stay thirsty, my friends. last week, we looked at the offensive recruiting plan for the class. this week, we will look at the defensive side of the ball. again this will be a slim class as most projections have the scholarship number at about fourteen about fourteen scholarships available. with this in mind, even though notre dame has offered nearly everyone in the top , we have only listed the top targets below as those believed to have the most interest in notre dame. commits: jay hayes need level- medium to high top targets-enoch smith jr., thomas holley, khairi clark assessment- the linchpin of the -defense, this should always be an area of need. we have a lot of people that could be moved here, and one commit already. we should hit this every year, and have been able to get elite talent here the past few years. i m assuming the louis nix iii will be going pro, even though he will have one year of eligibility left. he ll have his degree, and his senior day, leaving him very little motivation to hang around for another year. a strikeout on elite talent wouldn t be terrible considering some of the current talent and current des that could shift to dt if need be. however, not land a dt in this class would make this a large area of need the following year. need level-low to medium top targets- deondre clark, malik mcdowell, andre trumbetti, andrew williams assessment- even if we lose tuitt to the draft, we re still pretty deep at de. but, as football is won in the trenches, i expect the irish to be after very elite talent here, and be ok with a miss if it happens. there is some talent in the linebacking corps that could be mover here if they don t find a home because of young talent, or if we strike out and need it. justin utopo comes to mind. commits greer martini need level- high top targets- nyles morgan, raekwon mcmillan assessment-while smith could slide inside to fill this gap, we ll assume he stays at olb until we know different. being -deep at this spot isn t ideal. the three that will be left all have a good deal of eligibility left, but i think this will be the biggest position of need on the defense. we wouldn t be immediately hurting if we missed, but it would be a gap that would show up down the road if we missed in this cycle. need level- high top targets- dillon bates, clifton garret assessment-very interesting looking ahead this far to think about what williams, councell, and rabasa will turn into after four years in the program. same as ilb, there s a good deal of eligibility here but you just don t like to risk injury problems. further, if one of these gentleman needs to be moved to olb then it will strain the ilb corps more. we ll hope to get elite talent, but we d take a rkg with a lower rating i think. need level- medium top targets- parrker westphal, jalen tabor assessment- there s a chance lo wood might not take his 5th year or even have it offered . even if we lose him, the irish are -deep at the cb spot. however, the staff has been known to move players to and from this position and you simply don t pass up elite talent if you can get it. further, great cbs allow for more blitzes, exotic coverages, and other high risk high reward defenses. although this position not necessarily a major area of need, the value of the raw talent at this position makes landing recruits here quite desirable. top targets- quincy wilson, jamal adams assessment- several of these young men were highly touted recruits and i expect one or two of them to step up and live up to their billing. several of these young men have a lot of eligibility left. this year the secondary finally evolved into no longer being a liability, but, with these kids, it may be able to make the leap to strength. elite talent like redfield might even struggle to press for time, although i d be shocked to not see him on the field somewhere in the secondary. i think a few of these gentleman will live up to their billing, and redfield is so physically talented, i wouldn t be surprised if someone got moved over to cb. we can miss here and be ok for a year, but if we can get another redfield its a no-brainer. overall it is exciting to look at the names on this list. this is who s left after next year. attrition to people going pro is a problem you get with having great talent on your team. the coaches have gotten some star recruits before, so maybe we can hold on to some hope of these kids staying longer than expected. that said, the defense is in a similar position to the offense. outside of linebacker we don t have any specific needs. we don t have highly rated recruits everywhere, but we re close. we lack a true shut down corner, but i thought we did pretty good with the secondary last year, and have some recruits coming. overall i say we re loaded for at least two years right now, and have the opportunity to add to the spoils. with this comes the ability to practice harder, substitute more, and continue the tradition of excellent defenses. if anything keeps us a contender for the next few years, its the names on this defense. i m really excited to watch these kids in the next few years. i just wonder when the defense will start to score more or is that greedy?? aah, the world of college football recruiting. a never ending process. the class is signed and looks primed to fill the gaps and make an instant impact. we also already have four commitments to the class: greer martini, jay hayes, justin brent, and jimmy byrne. let s take a look at each offensive position group to try to gauge what we need and who our top targets currently are. given our last few recruiting classes were near full, barring transfers or early departure for the pros i d say around spots will be left for the rest of the class. this is a good problem to have, one we haven t had in ages. top targets listed here are the targets believed to be the most gettable , targets that have interest in nd and an offer from nd. top targets- brandon dawkins, john wolford assessment- coach kelly said he d take a qb with every class. not taking one is always a risk considering injuries and transfers. whether or not taking a qb every year contributed to kiel s transfer is debatable, but having zaire makes his transfer much more comfortable. golson will have two years of eligibility left, and zaire four assuming a redshirt after next year. i believe that still keeps us in pretty good shape. need level- low top targets- sony michel, jalen hurd, elijah hood assessment- atkinson, mcdaniel and carlisle will all be going into their senior year. not sure if all of the first three will still be rbs after next season, but the eligibility will be there. this bunch of backs gives us the chance to really only go after the elite talent. rb is another position you like to take every year, but considering the depth and the lack of available scholarships in this class we may not take anyone with less than stars. if we don t take anyone this will become a position of need the following year. need level- low to medium top targets- mark andrews, terry googer, corey holmes, josh malone, jacob mcrary, michiah quick, artavis scott, thadeus snodgrass assessment- similar to the rest of the skill positions, we are relatively deep at all the receiver positions. however, massa is a converted qb and hasn t seen much action. let s say or of these young men don t pan out. we d still be okay at the position, but we d like to have some security. i d expect us to take one or maybe even two wrs if the right kids join, but wouldn t be panicked if we didn t. some of the younger wrs seem to have pretty good potential. we ll see how they turn out. need level- medium to high top targets- nic weishar, jeb blazevich, tyler luatua, ian bunting assessment- i believe we will have a very good starting te out of these five, possibly even two really good tes. the potential is there to have an elite tight end, as we ve grown accustomed to over the last few years. however, not having a backup at any position is a risk we shouldn t afford. welch is recovering from a season ending injury, sometimes you never make it back. furthermore, there were more than a few times we reaped the benefits of the mismatches this type of athlete can create. niklas and eifert on the field last year had to be a nightmare to try to gameplan against, even if we didn t do it that frequently. a miss here isn t the end of the world, but it d make te a huge need the following year with the gaps left by three leaving. need level- low to medium top targets- mason cole, jamarco jones, kc mcdermott, orlando brown, braden smith, bentley spain, natrell curtis, alex bars commits- jimmy byrne assessment- the loss of nichols hurts a bit at this position. we have one commit, but expect this to be hit harder. we d like to get at least one more in this class. the ability to redshirt players in the trenches helps immensely. further, being able to go live without being concerned about injuries can be a factor in late season games, as was recently touched on by coach kelly. this looks a little bare, but if some of the interior lineman are versatile enough to slide outside we would be able to fill any holes left by injuries going pro graduation etc. need level- low to medium top targets- same as outside lineman. assessment- three seniors on the inside, and another potential 5th year. with three spots inside two gs, one c and four seniors this would look to be pretty ideal. we d have experience across the board and a sub if the unthinkable happened. after that, it seems to dwindle a bit. just one junior, but this years strong class of three will be sophomores. i d say we need to take at least one here, possibly two. it s the same arguments as the exterior lineman with regard to redshirting going live. losses of kiel and nichols create a little more need, but nothing that becomes an immediate need. for the offense it seems that we have got to the point that we have the luxury of targeting only the elite talent at the skill positions. the best teams are often at this point and this allows them to target the difference makers , that top level athlete that can win you football games almost by themselves. on the ol c g maybe an issue, but we just hauled in a great class of ol so it s not panic time if we strike out this year. with the small of spots available and a nice full depth chart, we should compete for only the best of the best this year. the other side of the coin is keeping the depth chart nice and full requires full recruiting classes if you can get quality players. i believe it will be easier to fill any perceived needs for this class, and give us the chance to really get out there after the blue chips.
__label__non_math	0.6119	for the past few weeks susan lyons, our materials creative director, has covered herman miller s five material design principles over on our discover blog. we ve heard about honesty, utility, economy, pleasure, and possibility and the role these principles play in helping us choose the materials for our designs. one principle is particularly relevant to lifework readers: it s the idea of utility. lyons talks about utility in connection to embody a chair that finds its way into many a home office. when we talk about material utility, lyons says, what we really mean is that we use materials to solve problems.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the grounds and gardens of herstmonceux castle is the perfect fairytale wedding venue. the name herstmonceux is itself a fusion of surnames between idonea de herste and nobleman ingelram de monceux. it is fitting that such a superb wedding venue has romantic beginnings and explains why couples marrying at herstmonceux castle feel it a romantic ambiance beyond the beautiful setting. outside you and your guests can enjoy acres of parkland, carefully maintained lawns and formal period gardens containing hundreds of species of flowers and plants as well as an enclosed court yard and bridge entrance over the castle moat. inside we have a range of beautiful rooms to choose from. depending on the size of your party we can provide an intimate rustic room with open fireplace and high ceilings or should you have a grand banquet in mind our magnificent ballroom is ideal for a reception to remember. guests have on-site accommodation available to them subject to availability so there is no need for expensive taxi fares and we provide that all important continental or cooked breakfast in the morning. as the married couple you get to stay in the castle apartment. our staff work directly with you to make sure everything on your day runs smoothly and to the highest level of standards. herstmonceux castle has hosted intimate, classic and period weddings as well as quirky themed receptions. if you are interested in having your special day at herstmonceux castle please contact us on or email email for further information herstmonceux castle is a great venue for indoor or outdoor functions. whether you are looking to hold an indoor function for up to 180 delegates or use the gardens or court yard for marquees and outdoor entertaining we have a variety of rooms and spaces for your special event. if you are interested in holding your function at herstmonceux castle please contact us on or email firstname.lastname for further information photography by paul fletcher photography
__label__non_math	0.9999	perjury lawyers, law firms in old forge, pennsylvania old forge, pa perjury attorneys - law firm near old forge scranton criminal defense attorney 570 969- if you have been charged with a crime or have suffered a serious injury, you can retain the dedicated representation and trusted legal counsel of an experienced attorney at rogan law. ; rogan law, led by attorney patrick m. rogan, is committed to providing exceptional legal services to people...
__label__math	0.6049	learning is the means whereby we acquire new working knowledge about the world. memory is the means whereby we retain that knowledge over time. our abilities to learn and remember are essential to our sense of self and our ability to function effectively in daily life. memory is the glue that holds our mental life together. as a result, we are who we are in large part because of what we have learned and what we remember from past experience. but what is memory? how does the brain capture and sustain it? why does memory sometimes fail us? those simple questions, of course, have exceedingly complex answers, and many biological details about the process of memory in humans and other animals remain unknown. hhmi investigator eric r. kandel of columbia university, however, has provided a good start. his studies of the molecular basis of learning and memory underpin much of what we know about how events are recorded by the brain, processed by individual nerve cells, and etched in gray matter. for his work on learning and memory, kandel was awarded a share of the nobel prize in physiology or medicine. in the 1960s, kandel began his studies of learning and memory by focusing on the behavior of the sea slug aplysia, which he found to be a marvelously tractable system in which to study the cellular basis of these abilities. with only about ,000 nerve cells compared with the roughly thousand billion in humans and a well-delineated neural circuitry, it proved possible to zero in on a biologically interesting reflex pathway. like humans and other animals, aplysia is capable of learning to modify this reflex, and this learning involves making memories. kandel found that the cellular basis for memory depends on persistent changes in synapses, the connections between nerve cells. the differences in the strength of these connections come about through learning. kandel found that when, in the simple withdrawal reflex, the gill reacts to touch, the connection between the sensory nerve cell and motor nerve cell of the reflex are activated. when the sea slug was taught to ignore a harmless touch, the connections between the sensory nerve cell and motor cell weakened. when the same light touch was coupled to an unpleasant fearful stimulus the animal became sensitized. it would now react strongly to the light touch because the same set of connections had strengthened. kandel later discovered that short-term memory is kindled by the modulation of synapses and that long-term memory is sustained by the activation of genes. the formation of memories, kandel determined, is a function of biochemical changes that occur at the synapse. to make short-term memories, the proteins involved in a chain of events at the nexus of nerve cells are chemically altered by the addition of phosphate groups. to cement a memory for the long haul, proteins are added at the synapse to make new connections with sensitization and lose connections with habituation. in the 1990s, he turned from studying simple forms of learning to more complex forms using genetically modified mice and showed that similar principles for short and long term memory were at work here as well. by laying a foundation for understanding the events that shape our ability to learn and remember, kandel's work has helped us understand not only the cellular processes that occur during the acts of learning and remembering, but also - through his work on mice - where things can go wrong when dementia and other illnesses that affect memory arise. the cellular processes revealed by kandel are among the targets of drugs used to alleviate these disorders of memory. pinpointing the activity of individual nerve cells engaged in the process of learning and memory may help in the development of new, more effective agents to treat diseases that affect the brain. photo: matthew septimus
__label__non_math	0.9948	an error occurred while processing this directive an error occurred while processing this directive an error occurred while processing this directive remarks as delivered at ehealth initiative's health information technology summit thank you, and good morning. i enjoyed listening to craig barrett. he is a thoughtful technology leader. i acknowledge the fact that i am one of the policy leaders you are going to be hearing from, and i hope that i can meet his challenge. i am going to operate today on the basic assumption that there is not a need for me to discuss why this is important. i think all of us have a clear picture of the fact that health care costs have the potential to erode our economic capacity. i think we also recognize the fact that our economic competitors around the world are spending essentially half, in terms of gross domestic product, and that we need not dwell on that. i would also like to build on what craig talked about and actually acknowledge the fact, as well, that we do not have a system of healthcare in the united states. that what we have is a sector of healthcare. i thought he cited some very thoughtful evidence of that. i ll build on that. each of you has a cell phone in your pocket. it was made by a different vendor in most cases. you have minutes from a number of different vendors in this room but they all work. that s a system. many of you have an atm card in your pocket from different banks. you are able to go, as craig pointed out, to virtually any atm or any bank in the world and deal with almost any currency in the world. banks compete aggressively for your business and use the same system. there is competition, but that is a system. most of you flew here on an airline that aggressively competed for your business. you were able to judge the value based on the cost and the quality of the experience. but they used a system. again; i would argue that in our country we don t have a healthcare system: what we have is a healthcare sector. and that a significant part of this challenge is organizing a healthcare sector into a healthcare system. today i would like to talk about the plan to get there. i would like to talk about the specifics that we are doing, not just to inform you but, to enlist you. first of all, let me acknowledge that any system has to have an underlying philosophy that governs it. the system we aspire to have has an underlying philosophy of value-driven competition. that is to say to identify the components of value, which are the price and the quality of health care. when you take the combination of price and quality, you end up with value. now the dilemma that i think we all acknowledge is that there are very few people in the united states today who know the cost of their healthcare. the sector is not organized in any way, to be able to answer the question, how much does this cost? a second component is that people don t know whether what they are getting is any good or not. we live in a society where it s impolite to ask about the quality and there is really no reason to ask about the cost, because someone else pays for it and until we can get to a system that measures value, both value, or rather both cost and quality, then we are not in a position to organize this system. so the focus is to create a value-driven competition by organizing a system. now i would like to lay out, in terms of what our plan is to get to that point, four cornerstones that have to be achieved in order to organize that system. the first cornerstone is connecting the system. now most of you will have heard me use this analogy because a lot of us frequent these conferences and go to the same thing, but let me repeat it for context. i have studied railroads a fair amount, railroads were built in this country in the late 1800s. they had one dilemma in being able to connect all the railroads that were being built in the south and in the north and in the east and in the west and that was that the rail gauges did not line up. the tracks were different distances apart. i told that story to a friend of mine who pointed out that his uncle had been hired by australia to go solve that problem for them in the 1960s. in the united states we were able to solve it in the late 1800s through some very good leadership by abraham lincoln. they were able to take three different rail gauges, one five foot three, one five foot and one four foot eight and ultimately, over time, merge it into one system. now they all use the same rail gauge and consequently we have a system. in australia today i find that there are three rail gauges and if you are going to go from point a to point c you have to stop in point b oftentimes to get on a different railroad because the rail gauges don t line up. well we obviously have the very same problem in health care. i go to many large communities where i will see multiple hospitals. multiple hospitals will be spending tens of millions of dollars on health it, but they won t be on the same system. they won t even be compatible systems. so the first requirement for the development of this value-based competition is connecting the rail gauges. the systems have to be compatible. now i am going to go through all of these and then i want to come back and talk about how we are going to get to each of those four cornerstones. the second cornerstone is being able to measure quality. now in order to have a quality measure you have to have a quality standard. i will acknowledge the fact that many have looked to develop standards in healthcare for some time. there has been a frustration on the part of the business community that those standards haven t existed and at times they have banded together to begin to develop standards of their own. part of the best news, in my mind, is that over the course of the last year, an entire movement has begun to grow up that would allow for the measurement of quality. i have visited different community-based quality measurement efforts that are happening all over the country. and i will tell you that it is not simply business that s driving this quality measurement, it s the physicians who want to do a better job for their patients and who are, in fact, getting together to develop these quality measures. the ambulatory quality alliance, or aqa, was organized a little over a year ago, and the hqa hospital quality alliance is a collaborative effort of hospitals and physicians and large payers who have come together to begin to identify the basic quality measures needed and how to gather them. i will come back to this. the third cornerstone is being able to measure price. now the dilemma here is clear to everyone. anyone who has been to the hospital or had a loved one in the hospital knows that three weeks after you get back you begin to get an avalanche of paper. you don t know if it s from the insurance company or the hospital or if comes from the anesthesiologist or the surgeon or the lab or who, but a lot of paper begins to come and no one knows not only what they are going to pay, they don t even know who they are supposed to pay. until we can begin to organize healthcare payment into identifiable episodes of care, or as i refer to it, buckets of healthcare, that you can compare, there is no way we can begin to create a sense of comparability or measure value. the third cornerstone is being able to actually measure recognizable episodes of care as quantities of healthcare. the fourth cornerstone is getting incentives right. today the incentives aren t right. consumers have virtually no incentive to know what they pay because they are not deeply involved in the payment. providers have no incentive for efficiency because if people get sicker, the system just keeps paying. now i want to acknowledge that no one in a hospital or a physician wants their patient to get sicker, but i do want to just recognize that if you took your automobile into a body shop or to an automobile dealer and you said to them, here s my car. i need to have a minor repair done, and you came back and they said to you, while you were gone, some bad things happened. the garage caught on fire, somebody tried to back it out and hit the wall, the windshield was popped out and the engine burned up during that period. that will be thousand dollars. you would be reluctant to pay it. in fact you probably wouldn t pay it. but if you go into a hospital today and you get a hospital-borne infection while you were there, the bill keeps going up, and you are expected to pay it, or your insurance company is. now, there is no incentive there for quality. so again, i want to go back. the objective is to organize it into a system. the philosophy of that system needs to be value-based competition. in order to measure value, you have to have four components: now the question i would like to ask is, what is the change model to get to this value based competition? how do you take a two trillion dollar sector and organize it into a system? now, in the past, people have turned to the congress and to the government to say you need to do something. people say, well, there is not enough political will in the world to have that occur. our experience has been every time you put a healthcare issue on the table, one of two things happens. either it is debated because all of the various interests come out to defend their positions, a bill passes but it is at the lowest possible common denominator, the bill is signed with some flourish but nothing happens, or it is delegated off to a group to study where it dies a quiet death. i would argue that it is not a lack of political will. i would argue that it is an abundance of political will and that every time one of those issues gets on the table, everybody un-holsters their political will and points it at each other. and consequently we end up with this perpetual standoff. i would argue that craig barrett is right. the way we have to organize this sector into a system is to begin to harness the various incentives of the payers and the providers. for that reason, on the of august, the president signed an executive order that i believe begins to unleash a very powerful change agent into the healthcare system: that is payer power. over the last years, employers have on many occasions, organized themselves to try to get better deals or to bring change into the healthcare system. but the reality is that they haven t been completely successful. why? well for the most part they have not had sufficient capacity to get to critical mass. you can take the top or or or employers in this county, and put them together and they still don t represent more than one or two percent of the insured lives in america. and consequently when you break that down over communities all over the country and keep in mind we don t have a national healthcare system, we have a sector you start spreading the employees of that or employers over a state area and hundreds of different communities, no small group of employers or even a group of large employers, has the capacity to affect the system as a payer. that has not worked because the most important and largest payer hasn t been at the table. that s the federal government. the federal government that s the department of defense, the va, the office of personnel management, medicare and medicaid makes up nearly of the healthcare marketplace. what changed on august was the president of the united states said that of the market was going to change its behavior in the way that we procure and pay for health care. and that if you want to be part of the future, then you had better pay some attention to this because we want to shape the way healthcare is paid for in four important ways. see if you recognize these four. the first is that if you intend to do business electronically with the federal government in the future, you need to have a system that will begin to migrate toward interoperable healthcare systems. the second is that we are going to begin recognizing quality measurements from the ambulatory quality alliance and the hospital quality alliance and we are going to begin to organize among the most frequent procedures and conditions, a series of quality measures that we are going to begin collecting information for and we are going to begin using them to compare costs in order to arrive at value. the third is that we are going to ask those insurers that do business with us, the federal government, to give us information that we can organize into episodes of care. and fourth we are going to begin to deal with incentives. not just with those that work with the federal government, or for whom we pay healthcare for, but also we want incentives for those who provide it. so again, the objective here is a value-based competition, to organize our sector into a system and to build on four important cornerstones. now, with respect to health care standards, we have organized the american health information community. the community s objective is to take health it systems and to begin organizing standards with which they can begin to exchange information, meaning to line the rail gauges up. the executive orders said that in the future if you want to do business with us electronically, we are going to need to receive that information on systems that are compatible with those standards. we re also suggesting that we need to develop the quality standards. i think you get the picture. now, we ve also gone to the large employer community and said it would be unreasonable and wrong for us to simply do this on our own. this needs to be private-public partnership in developing this payer driven system. so we are saying to the largest employers and unions in the country join with us and adopt the same four things to drive this system toward a value-based competition. i met recently with the human resource officers of the top 150 employers in the country and i asked them to help us in designing a mechanism to harness this market into an organized force. how was that going to be done? well, many large employers today utilize a system of procurement where they have an rfp and the rfp lists certain conditions that they are going to be using to judge the competition. sometimes it's price. sometimes it includes a component of service and financial strength, but in every case it also has some conditions. so we re developing a series of questions and asking large employers to include those questions as conditions of procurement of their benefits and health care. what are the conditions? well, see if you recognize these. use a connected system; establish standards of care or use the aqa and hqa standards as a method of measuring quality; be willing to give us your information so that we can measure episodes of care; and be able to use incentives such as pay for performance. i think you get the picture here. this is the marketplace beginning to organize itself. i want to also be clear that this is not simply a matter of forming economic power, because the base of this is quality and the force that i believe must drive quality will be those who provide it. and the force that i ve seen learning to measure quality is physicians. this cannot simply be the mbas ganging up against the mds. this has got to be a collaborative effort, because in every case where quality has been measured by one side without the other, it has been ineffective and less efficient. and the good news about what s moving forward right now is that the medical profession, for reasons that are important to them both financially and professionall,y is working to develop quality measures, and the economic community is joining with them. and i believe that within two years, we will begin to see pockets of quality being measured against price, and we ll begin to see this value-based competition emerge in several markets on several procedures around the country. within five years, the term value will have earned its place in the american s health lexicon and we will be using it on a regular basis. within years, i believe this system of value-based competition will have truly emerged because we will have integrated health system measuring quality. this is a complex subject and the way i ve described it you might, in fact, be thinking of it as a formula one race car that will go 238 miles around a race track with all the bells and whistles. i want to make clear to you what we re really forming here. we have a little pile of wheels, we have a small chassis, we have a little briggs and stratton motor and a steering wheel and we re going to assemble ourselves a go-cart. and then this go-cart is going to be pushed down the road to make sure we can make this work. but then, it will begin to emerge as a race car. this is not something that is going to happen over night. it s going to take time, but it is in fact beginning to happen and it s happening because the payers in this country are joining in a collaborative effort with the providers of the country and we re beginning to organize this sector into a system using the four cornerstones that i ve described. i believe this is a very important moment in health care history. i say that because all of the components of change are in place, and everyone feels a sense of anxiety about this. the human body has a warning system. it s called pain. it motivates us to do things we otherwise might not be willing to do. every component of society is feeling anxiety about health care right now. and i believe that it is putting us in a position where we prepare to do things that in the past we haven t. we have to because if we don t get better at this over time the economic consequences will begin to disable our ability to prosper. i m very pleased to be with you. i hope i ve generated controversy and enough interest that i can stimulate a question or two. i think was to have just a minute or two, is that right? i ll be happy to take a question. last revised:
__label__non_math	0.9795	from: shannon silva email suppressed date: tue - :pst this is the correct address. --- jack sargeant wrote: maybe its just me but i couldn't get the video haiku i was told it was a bad file error any idea what i am doing wrong? i am using for info on frameworks, contact pip chodorov at get your own web address. have a huge year through yahoo for info on frameworks, contact pip chodorov at .
__label__non_math	0.9997	hickory street best downtown austin restaurant, happy hour dining located at the northwest corner of 8th congress, hickory street is one of the best austin restaurants downtown for everything from brunch to dinner, happy hours in austin or even events and catering. click to read more. established in , this downtown austin restaurant was recently revived by a few experienced local restaurateurs and touched with the talent of renowned chef camden stuerzenberger. executive chef camden stuerzenberger pulls from his experience at bess s bistro and walton s fancy staple when putting together hickory street s creative menu of comfort food with a unique twist featuring many gluten free options. a few popular favorites like their buttermilk fried chicken, unforgettable short rib mac and cheese and crispy buffalo calamari salad are perfect examples of why hickory street is fast becoming one of the best restaurants in austin, texas. their convenient location a few blocks from the capitol in the middle of it all makes it a very convenient austin dinner, lunch and happy hour spot for the surrounding local businesses and residents. the ambiance is perfect for any time of day with a spacious and lavishly shaded patio or cozy interior nicely positioned next to the heart of austin. this set up makes them a popular austin event venue for personal or corporate occasions like holiday parties, sxsw or even bridal parties. although we strongly suggest taking advantage of this austin downtown dining venue in person, hickory street also offers austin lunch delivery during the week for orders and up as well as catering in austin for a variety of events ranging from weddings and other memorable special occasions to one of the best happy hours in austin.
__label__non_math	0.9999	rainforest multisport adventure in costa rica days nights if you are an advanced rider looking for a more varied riding holiday or a novice rider who wants to join your first horse vacation to gain more experience in the saddle - this is a flexible itinerary that can accommodate everyone , regular rate ,695 dates : available all year trip with multi activities suitable for riders over 210 lbs
__label__non_math	0.9999	friends of uheaa supply you with some pre-test stress relief tips every thursday, the utah higher education assistance authority runs contests on the popular social and informational networking site, twitter, where uheaa s fans and followers may contribute their tweets to aid students in preparing, planning and paying for college and to win the extremely desired uheaa prize pack of course the contest topic for this week was: calm down - : go to a movie, hang out with friends; anything that gets your mind off the test, but be sure to go to bed early the night before - : sounds like you ve had to prep for a few tests before - : best pre-test stress relief is found in a steady course of slow deep breaths and a glass of pomegranate juice. red stress - : ah, i love it - : it is really true - : best pre-test stress relief: stretching - : stretching is always an excellent relaxation technique. great one - pre-test yoga breathing breathe in thru the nose, out thru the mouth and so on - : great one kim - : pretest stress relievers studying is the best because it builds your confidence on what you will be tested on - : stress relievers before taking a test get your mind off of it visit with somoene, text, read something not related. - : prime pretest stress relief tweets - : pre-rest stress relief? talk to someone that s been there, been through it survived - : good advice in any stressful situation really - : i try to avoid stressing too much about tests by just reminding myself that i know the material and by remaining confident. it helps - : agreed. being confident in yourself is most definitely one of the keys to test success we wish good luck to those of you taking the act test tomorrow and hope that these excellent pre-test stress relief tips from our friends will help you stay cool, calm and collected. be sure to follow uheaa on twitter and feel free to stop by and contribute your tweets to any of our contests running every thursday throughout
__label__non_math	0.9971	many people are not aware that an ant problem within the home actually starts with an ant problem outside of the home. that is why it is so important to lay down preventative measures outside the home before you have to call your local business for ant control in sacramento. try some of the se tips on your home today to help you rid yourself of these pesky pests. know your pest while many people think that ants are not really that pesky, they are. indirectly, ants can cause serious damage to not only your home, but to your plants. honeydew is a resource that ants love. they actually are known to herd around aphids that produce this sweet substance and protect them from predators. that means that your ladybugs and praying mantises will not be able to kill those nasty pests that destroy your garden. continue reading your lawn is one of the most beautiful aspects of your yard. you look forward to the end of winter, when the dry, brown, and crackly dead grass turns into fresh, green pieces of new grass. not only is it nice to look at, but it also provides a functional playground for your family, a running track for your dog, and a place to entertain family and friends on cool, summer evenings. most lawns, however, require careful maintenance. they need to be regularly mowed and they need to be watered everyday. installing a sprinkler system is the easiest way to make sure your lawn gets enough water. sprinkler repair in mckinney can take care of all you sprinkler needs, ensuring that your grass stays green and healthy all spring and summer. continue reading are you a novice to the world of plumbing? do clogged toilets scare you? do leaky faucets baffle you? do words like plumber s snake, silicone caulking, or sump pumps leave you glassy-eyed and blank? if so, you may need to do a crash-course in basic plumbing problems and fixes. a basic knowledge of plumbing can save you a lot of time, money, and hassle. of course, there are times when you need the help of a professional; some plumbing problems are too time-sensitive or too complicated to risk trying to fix on your own. that s when you need to find a good plumbing service in miami. continue reading salt lake city had one of the coldest winters on record this last year. with temperatures in the single digits for most of the month of january, no one wanted to head outside or work on unnecessary home improvement projects. now that the ice has thawed, the snow is melting and the birds are chirping, roofing issues caused by the prolonged cold start to pop up. if you experience a roofing issue, you may need to find a good salt lake city roof repair company. don t panic if you have evidence of a leak. chances are, if you haven t had problems before and you catch it quickly, you won t have any structural damage. the longer you wait around to have the leak checked, the more damage will occur. roof leaks can be kind of tricky; they don t always show up in the house right continue reading so you ve just bought your first house and you are excited to start planning what your first yard will look like. or maybe you are a longtime homeowner simply looking for a change of scenery. regardless of your circumstances or your reasons for considering an overhaul to your yard, there is one thing that you simply must not forget: a san jose landscape design specialist can help you transform your yard into a beautiful modern oasis. sure, you could rely on your own limited experience and vision, but you don t have the training or the experience necessary to plan out a yard that is cohesive looks good, and that will thrive in your climate. unless you have formal training in these areas, it is a good idea to leave the planning and implementation to the professionals. still not convinced? here are a few of the benefits that come with leaving your landscape design needs to the professionals. continue reading reliable home security in oklahoma city should not be overlooked. effective home security systems are crucial to helping protect your home, its possessions, and its inhabitants. there are a variety of systems to choose from so you can easily find the perfect solution for your home or business. prevent and deter crime a home security system is designed to prevent a criminal from breaking in and harming you, your family, or your possessions. simply displaying that you have a reliable alarm system can also be enough to help deter potential crime. most security specialists will include a sticker or sign with the purchase of a system that you can proudly display in your windows to frighten criminals away. continue reading when looking for ways to add value and style to your home, you know that brooklyn kitchen remodeling is one of the most effective methods to accomplish this. when you put your home on the market and try to get the top dollar for it, one of the things every potential buyer will be looking for is a remodeled kitchen. aside from the bathrooms, your kitchen is the best way to improve your home. however, the term kitchen remodeling is a bit vague. it may sound very daunting to try and remodel your entire kitchen. below are some individual components of kitchen remodeling so that you can see the process as a series of little projects rather than a large, overwhelming one. the fastest and easiest way to add value to your kitchen is to get rid of your old, outdated appliances and get new ones. you can continue reading of all insect infestations in the united states, there is none so economically devastating as the termite. termites cost u.s. homeowners close to billion every year in prevention and eradication. however, this number doesn t have to be so high. there are many things you can do as a home owner to prevent and treat termite infestation. even recognizing when to seek out termite control in houston can save you money in the long run. check out the following information so you can be ready when these winged pests come knocking. decrease risk of termite infestation obviously, the best thing to do is act before termites take over. because termites thrive in areas with a great deal of wood and moisture, these areas of your home need the greatest amount of attention. first, make sure all wooden parts of your home s foundation are at least inches above ground. continue reading new entrepreneurs, and even some that have been in business for a while, may feel overwhelmed when they need to buy office furniture in grand rapids, mi. the task may seem daunting at first, but can actually be quite easy when following a straightforward purchasing guide, like the one mentioned below. before even opening a catalogue, browsing through websites, or visiting showrooms at michigan furniture stores, determine exactly which pieces you need for your residential and commercial office. it would be a tremendous waste of time to focus on vertical filing cabinets when you already have two, but no decent reception desk. make a list of the items you need. look at it every time you research your options. continue reading during the warm spring months, many people will get the urge to plant flowers, bushes, trees, and vegetables. most people love to get their hands dirty and make something grow, which can be truly rewarding if their efforts are met with success. sadly though, growing plants can be a difficult task that can be extremely hard for some people. while everyone wants a pretty yard, it may seem impossible for some people. luckily, there are a variety of different products that a person can use to make their yard look nicer while increasing the health of their plants. one of the most popular products in use today is mulch. local mulch in orlando has a variety of different benefits, though it requires some skill to apply. here are some of the basics of using mulch in your yard. mulch is used in many yards in the united states because of the nice look that it can give to any property. mulch is also useful for retaining moisture and heat in the soil, which helps to protect plants from extreme temperatures. this is extremely useful for places that experience constant high temperatures in the summer or that are prone to drastic drops in the temperature during the night. mulch is usually made of small chips of wood, though almost any other material can be used. there are a variety of different types of wood that can be used to make mulch, all of them having different textures and colors that can match with the style of any home. continue reading
__label__non_math	1.0000	we take a full look at the upcoming nike sb february releases. the footwear offering of nike s skateboarding division has cooked up some interesting new colorways and also some new silhouettes for next month. the drop includes the new p-rod ., the zoom p-rod , a dunk high premium, a dunk low pro, a blazer high, a stefan janoski and a zoom classic. look out for a release in the coming weeks at better skate stores. detailed images of all sneakers from the nike sb february release follow after the jump.
__label__non_math	1.0000	on incase launched their first collaboration with this gallery los angeles. together they created 100 limited edition screen printed totes featuring the work of exhibiting illustrator john hill, jr. unfortunately these bags were available opening night only, and went fast. ask around. have another look after the click.
__label__non_math	1.0000	saturday, today from hiiraan online: police seek arrest of suspect behind church grenade attack sunday, the kenyan police have launched a major manhunt for an al-shabaab fighter who recently hurled a grenade on worshippers at a church in nairobi, killing at least two people and injuring others. police commissioner mathew iteere also appealed to kenyans to assist the police with the information that may lead to the arrest of a man, alias amar, whom the police said returned to kenya early this year from kismayu in southern somalia where he has been operating with other members of the al qaida allied terror group. iteere also released the photograph of amar which he said was taken in a beach in kismayu a few months ago before he returned to kenya to carry out the attack on god s house of miracles international church in nairobi on april which al-shabaab has since claimed responsibility. "we have reason to believe that the assailant was the person whose photograph appears here known as alias amar. "the photograph was taken in a beach in kismayu a few months ago and we have learned that he returned to kenya together with others early this year," iteere told journalists in nairobi on friday. he requested any person who may have information on their whereabouts to pass the same to the nearest police station for possible arrest. "it is important to note that he is dangerous and believed to be armed with a pistol and may be in possession of explosives," the police chief warned. iteere said the assailant, a young slim man, had gone to the god s house of miracles international church pretending to be a worshiper but walked out on noticing that the service had not started. he said the church worshippers noted that this was a new member who had not been to the church before. "the service started at around .30hrs but minutes later the stranger entered the church and sat among the congregation," he said. according to iteere, the pastor invited the worshippers to the pulpit for prayers and this is the time amar threw a grenade at them. "the grenade exploded and injured people, two of whom have since died," the police chief said. after throwing the grenade, he said, the assailant immediately rushed out and started running away with some of the worshippers who had witnessed the act in hot pursuit. "when he realized that he was about to be cornered, he wiped out a pistol and started shooting and this accorded him the opportunity to escape," iteere said. he said one of the al-shabaab leaders, sheikh ismael ali, while addressing some members of the group within kismayu on may claimed responsibility for the attack and vowed to dispatch more suicide bombers to kenya. "i therefore call upon all kenyans to be vigilant and to be aware of their neighbours and surroundings. "we should not drop our guard and should continue with the screening exercise at all public places including those of worship," iteere said. he said the police will continue with surveillance and intelligence collection to protect kenyans who have been living in fear of imminent terrorism attack. the april attack comes barely a week after the u.s. embassy warned of an imminent terrorist attack in kenya is possible. a warning from the embassy said the likely targets include nairobi hotels and prominent kenyan government buildings including places foreigners assemble, including shopping malls and night clubs. "the u.s. embassy informs u.s. citizens residing in or visiting kenya that the u.s. embassy in nairobi has received credible information regarding a possible attack on nairobi hotels and prominent kenyan government buildings," the embassy said in a statement on april on . the warning comes as the country s security forces have been on high alert across the country especially in northern kenya over an imminent suicide bombing attack by members of the al-shabaab group from neighbouring somalia. the police chief also admitted that some suspected al-shabaab members from somalia have entered the country but noted that the authorities have stepped up security measures across the country. local media reports reported on friday that nine aliens are suspected to have entered the east african nation from burgavo and other small towns in somalia s lower juba region, and who have been forced out by kenya s military offensive in the these parts, and the disintegration of al-shabaab. the latest nairobi attack came almost a month after two people were killed and over others injured in the explosions in the city of mombasa, which disrupted activities in the coastal town. in the first incident that happened on march , the terrorists hurled explosives at a christian prayer meeting taking place at a bus terminus in mombasa. the second grenade attack happened at about minutes later and targeted revellers at a popular restaurant. the two attacks come barely three weeks after al-shabaab sympathizers attacked travellers at a busy bus terminus in the capital nairobi. six people died and over others were injured in the evening blast. kenya s government blamed the attack on al-shabaab and its operatives. the attack was the fourth since kenya s defence forces kdf crossed into somalia in october last year to flush out al-shabaab militants, who it blamed for abducting tourists and threatening her economy. more than people have been killed in kenya mostly in northern region blamed on al-shabaab who have since joined al qaida network to cause terror attacks in east african nation. the deaths have been recorded after kenya sent its troops into somalia in october to hunt down the insurgents who were blamed for a series of murders and kidnapping on the kenya soil. the kenyan police have particularly warned against the laxity in the screening of cars for explosives at all shopping malls and any business or social gatherings with at least people at any given moment that these might be vulnerable to attacks. kenya sent troops into somalia to battle al-shabaab rebels in october after several attacks, including the kidnapping of a french woman and a british tourist and the killing of her husband damaged its key tourism industry. kenya s government says armed attacks and kidnappings threaten the country s tourism industry a key driver of the economy that had bounced back after near collapse following postelection violence four years ago in which more than ,200 people died. al-shabaab militants have vowed to attack nairobi after the east african nation which hosted protracted negotiations that culminated in the signing of the federal charter for somalia in , invaded somalia to flush out the insurgents it blamed for kidnappings of tourists. somalia rushes to make up for lost time - daily nation somalia on course to end transition police: militant-trained kenyan youth a threat a freetown-based ngo has opposed the pending deployment of sierra leonean troops in somalia. - africa review us special forces to expand operations - pakistan observer yemen says two million african refugees on its soil - yemen post kenya: bomb scare at garissa bridge paralyses traffic - the star ali m. mohamed aden: u.n. must support the somali constitution - lewiston sun journal zambia: somali diplomats clash in lusaka - afrique en ligue somalia's capital enjoys building boom ethiopia expels arabs amid tension with muslims post your comments you need a frames capable browser to view this content. copyright. ,
__label__non_math	1.0000	-. texas ranger hall of fame and museum, 100 texas ranger trail. the museum, friends for life, along with big kbgo and mi familia car club, have teamed up to benefit gifts for grannies. donations will be accepted during the event. gifts for grannies provides items to the elderly and people with disabilities who have no one to remember them during the holiday season. the museum staff needs your support to reach a goal of providing unwrapped, new gifts to ,000 elderly central texas citizens. donations will be accepted at the texas ranger hall of fame and museum on saturday, , from to . anyone making a donation to gifts for grannies will receive free admission to the texas ranger hall of fame one admission per item. mi familia car club will feature a car show and big will broadcast live from the museum from to to promote this event. many items are available in the texas ranger hall of fame and museum gift shop and can be purchased that day. a donation box is located in the lobby of the museum for those who want to donate early and cannot attend on . those who donate early will receive discounted admission. visit friendsforlife.org events gifts-for-grannies-grandpas-too to find out what items are needed by gifts for grannies. visit texasranger.org or call 254-750- for event information.
__label__non_math	0.9997	what s the state of jewish college students at the dawn of ? students are defining themselves through action. they re doing jewish things -- great jewish things. you can read more about these inspiring stories below by here. for now, here s a round-up: hillel helps haiti jewish students have joined the relief effort for haiti. here s one example: at tulane university in new orleans, members of the challah for hunger organization have redirected their focus to haiti. jewish students at new york university have also taken charge, organizing an on-campus vigil to mark the two weeks since the earthquake. hillel launches student coalition against nuclear iran hillel, in cooperation with the israel on campus coalition icc , has launched the student coalition against nuclear iran scani , a student-run network that will oppose iran s efforts to acquire nuclear weapons and raise the profile of the iranian threat on their campuses. stanford hillel stands up to hatred hundreds of students of all backgrounds drowned out westboro baptist church s message of hatred last week when the anti-jewish, anti-gay group protested in front of the taube hillel house at stanford university and the nearby gunn high school which suffered the loss of five students to suicide this year. cancun? no, gracias. tikkun olam one recent development among jewish students has been the flood jewish alternative breaks and service projects. more than 300 students participated in hillel alternative breaks this winter; volunteered in los angeles with hillel and city year in a break-through program. ten years of taglit-birthright israel and hillel partnership this past winter break marked the 10th anniversary of taglit-birthright israel, a free, first-time trip to israel, and hillel s been there from the start. add this winter s ,000 students on hillel trips and hillel s total comes to almost ,000 participants. recognizing outstanding hillels during a global online web conference, hillel announced the winners this week of its annual vision and values awards. the five awards were given to penn state hillel, the hillel foundation at orange county, the hillel society at lehigh university, the university of pennsylvania hillel and minsk hillel. get hillel news as it happens from hillel's facebook fan page. click here to become a fan of hillel with contributions from hillel communications intern david meyer, a first-year student at the university of maryland.
__label__non_math	0.9639	australia's exceptional heatwave has produced record-breaking temperatures, with at least six of the first seven days of among the top hottest days in the past century. the extreme january heat has prompted the bureau of meteorology to issue a special climate statement, with further updates planned as the scorching temperatures continue. data for monday is still to be fully analysed by the weather bureau, but it may be the hottest of the series and could generate a record average maximum beyond the .degrees reached on . such a result would make it six days in a row when the national average has been above degrees; tomorrow is expected to make it seven. prior to this series, the longest run of degrees or more was four days, in . this event is ongoing with significant records likely to be set, the bureau statement said. a particular feature of this heatwave event has been the exceptional spatial extent of high temperatures. the final four months of were the hottest on record for australia and january is making an early run at adding to the sequence of especially hot weather. australia-wide, and for individual states, we are currently well above average by many degrees, said aaron coutts-smith, the bureau's nsw manager for climate services. sydney is set to cop its first major blast of the searing heat that has grilled much of australia for the past week, with degrees forecast. today's -degree prediction for perth is one sign that any relief for the bulk of central and southern australia from the current sweltering temperatures will be shortlived. we are seeing that re-intensification of the heat, said dr coutts-smith. melbourne, which is expecting degrees today will feel chilly on wednesday with a maximum of just degrees before the mercury starts climbing back to degrees on friday, the bureau predicts. the data for national averages shows the maximum reached .on january , .on january , .on january , .on january and .on january . interestingly, none of the states has broken individual maximum highs, at least in the data until january , underscoring how large in size the overall weather pattern is. the weather bureau's manager for climate monitoring, karl braganza on monday described the event as a "dome of heat" over the continent. nsw, which is likely to endure extreme temperatures today, has to exceed .degrees on average to beat the record set on . this year, the hottest day was on january when maximums averaged .degrees, with hay airport hitting .degrees, according to data up until january . for victoria, the hottest day on record was .degrees on black saturday, , when bushfires left 173 people dead. in the current spate of heat, the hottest day was january when temperatures across the state averaged .degrees. up until january , yarrawonga had posted the hottest temperature in the state at .degrees on january , while portland's .on the previous day was a new daily maximum for that location, the bureau said. nationwide, the hottest single temperature recorded during the heat - up to january - has been the .degrees reached at red rocks point in wa on jauary . that's about degrees below the .degrees all-time record set on .
__label__non_math	1.0000	cherrybrook carlile swimming club last month capped off its best finish at the nsw state age championships with a fourth place in the club championship pointscore. it was a significant achievement for cherrybrook, which formed five years ago. they join the state's best performing clubs at the under 13s to 18s level. a club spokeswoman said the achievement was a big step in the club's development. "we've invested a lot of time and effort to give our junior swimmers the best opportunity to succeed," the spokeswoman said. "it's very pleasing to see our top-level coaching has produced a lot of young talented swimmers who are dominating at district and state levels." cherrybrook had swimmers in the under to 18s category qualify for the finals, in events. the club finished the finals with six gold, nine silver and three bronze medals. one of the gold medal winners to impress at the championships was the cherrybrook's girls x metre medley relay team. brooke mindham, siobhan o'malley, samantha ying and bronte aiken combined to edge out their nearest rivals by three seconds and win the final with a finishing time of 2mins .sec. the result was a big shock for brooke and her teammates, who were overwhelmed to win their first gold medal on the big stage. "we were all hugging and celebrating on the pool deck because this is our biggest victory together," brooke said. vincent dai was another winner, with three gold medals, in the 100-metres butterfly and -metre and 100-metre freestyle. the -year-old broke two championship records in his two freestyle finals.
__label__non_math	1.0000	hill's pet nutrition: superior nutrition for the quality of life of your pet america's pet nutrition experts since for more than years hill's has pledged to enrich and lengthen the special relationships people have with their pets. our foods are made with balanced nutrition for happy, healthy lives together.
__label__non_math	0.9994	president hugo chavez's crusade to transform venezuela into a socialist state is being put to the stiffest electoral test of his years in power in a closely-fought presidential election. reveille blared from campaign vehicles around the capital caracas to awaken voters and the bugle call was later replaced by folk music mixed with a recording of mr chavez's voice saying "those who love the homeland come with me". mr chavez's challenger, henrique capriles, has united the opposition in a contest between two camps that distrust each other so deeply there are concerns whether a close election result will be respected. the stakes could not be higher. if mr chavez wins a new six-year term, he gets a free hand to push for an even bigger state role in the economy, further limit dissent and continue to befriend rivals of the united states. if mr capriles wins, a radical foreign policy shift can be expected along with a loosening of state economic controls and an increase in private investment. a tense transition would likely follow until the january inauguration because mr chavez's political machine thoroughly controls the wheels of government. many venezuelans were nervous about what might happen if the disputes erupt over the election's announced outcome. david hernandez, a chavez supporter, said: "chavez is going to win and capriles will have to accept his defeat. if capriles doesn't accept his defeat, there could be problems." lissette garcia, a -year-old capriles supporter who voted in the affluent caracas district of las mercedes, said: "i'm really tired of all this polarisation. i want to reconnect with all my friends who are 'chavistas'." mr chavez's critics say the president has inflamed divisions by labelling his opponents "fascists", "yankees" and "neo-nazis", while his backers allege mr capriles would halt generous government programmes that assist the poor. during mr chavez's final rally on thursday in caracas, he shouted to the crowd: "we're going to give the bourgeoisie a beating."
__label__non_math	0.9518	- about this journal - abstracting and indexing - aims and scope - article processing charges - articles in press - author guidelines - bibliographic information - citations to this journal - contact information - editorial board - editorial workflow - free etoc alerts - publication ethics - submit a manuscript - table of contents case reports in oncological medicine volume , article id , pages primary small-cell carcinoma of the palate with cushing s syndrome: a case report cancer center, union hospital, tongji medical college, huazhong university of science and technology, wuhan , hubei, china received july ; accepted september academic editors: k. aogi, a. goodman, e. itakura, and j. i. mayordomo - h. f. m. van der heijden and y. f. heijdra, extrapulmonaiy small cell carcinoma, southern medical journal, vol. , no. , pp. 345 349, . - a. m. e. walenkamp, g. s. sonke, and d. t. sleijfer, clinical and therapeutic aspects of extrapulmonary small cell carcinoma, cancer treatment reviews, vol. , no. , pp. 228 236, . - s. g. kim and h. s. jang, small cell carcinoma of the oral cavity: report of a case, journal of oral and maxillofacial surgery, vol. , no. , pp. 680 684, . - b. peres-ordonez, neuroendocrine tumours, in world health organization classification of tumours: pathology and genetics of head and neck tumours, l. barnes, j. w. eveson, p. reichart, and d. sidransky, eds., pp. , iarc press, lyon, france, . - k. o. kim, h. y. lee, s. h. chun et al., clinical overview of extrapulmonary small cell carcinoma, journal of korean medical science, vol. , no. , pp. 833 837, . - t. goto, n. bandoh, t. nagato et al., primary small cell carcinoma of lacrimal sac: case report and literature review, journal of laryngology and otology, vol. 124, no. , pp. , . - s. lichtenstein, n. e. albert, a. muchnik, and m. abraham, small cell carcinoma: an unusual location in a young healthy female, journal of gastrointestinal and liver diseases, vol. , no. , pp. 427 430, . - y. segawa, t. nakashima, h. shiratsuchi, r. tanaka, k. mitsugi, and s. komune, small cell carcinoma of the tonsil treated with irinotecan and cisplatin: a case report and literature review, case reports in oncology, vol. , no. , pp. 587 591, . - m. d. weiss, h. o. defries, j. b. taxy, and h. braine, primary small cell carcinoma of the paranasal sinuses, archives of otolaryngology, vol. 109, no. , pp. 341 343, . - j. h. kim, s. h. lee, j. park et al., extrapulmonary small-cell carcinoma: a single-institution experience, japanese journal of clinical oncology, vol. , no. , pp. 250 254, . - r. f. baugh, g. t. wolf, and k. d. mcclatchey, small cell carcinoma of the head and neck, head and neck surgery, vol. , no. , pp. 343 354, . - g. lo re, v. canzonieri, a. veronesi et al., extrapulmonary small cell carcinoma: a single-institution experience and review of the literature, annals of oncology, vol. , no. , pp. 909 913, . - s. shahani, r. j. nudelman, r. nalini, h. s. kim, and s. l. samson, ectopic corticotropin-releasing hormone crh syndrome from metastatic small cell carcinoma: a case report and review of the literature, diagnostic pathology, vol. , article , . - y. ma, c. aitelli, r. w. dobson, and k. konduri, ectopic adrenocorticotropic hormone syndrome: a diagnostic challenge and review of the literature, proceedings baylor university. medical center , vol. , no. , pp. 426 428, . - a. m. isidori and a. lenzi, ectopic acth syndrome, arquivos brasileiros de endocrinologia e metabologia, vol. , no. , pp. , .
__label__math	0.9263	- about this journal - abstracting and indexing - aims and scope - annual issues - article processing charges - articles in press - author guidelines - bibliographic information - citations to this journal - contact information - editorial board - editorial workflow - free etoc alerts - publication ethics - reviewers acknowledgment - submit a manuscript - subscription information - table of contents international journal of evolutionary biology volume , article id , pages purifying selection bias against microsatellites in gene rich segmental duplications in the rice genome 1university school of biotechnology, guru gobind singh indraprastha university, sector 16c, dwarka, new delhi , india 2centre of excellence in genomics, international crops research institute for the semi-arid tropics, patancheru, hyderabad , india 3biotechnology division, defence institute of bio-energy research, goraparao, haldwani , india received march ; revised june ; accepted july academic editor: fr d ric brunet little data is available on microsatellite dynamics in the duplicated regions of the rice genome, even though efforts have been made in the past to align genome sequences of its two sub-species. based on the coordinates of duplicated sequences in the indica genome as available in the public domain, we identified microsatellites in these regions. ccg and gaaaa repeats occurred most frequently. in all, 259 microsatellites could be identified in the duplicated sequences using the criteria of minimum alignability spread over a minimum of kb sequence. more than of the repeats in duplicated regions occurred in the genic sequences. only of these 259 microsatellites were found conserved in the duplicated paralogues. among these repeats, maintained both sequence and length conservation. the effect of mutability of nearby regions could also be clearly seen in microsatellite regions. the overall purpose of this study was to investigate, whether microsatellites follow an independent course of evolutionary dynamics subsequent to events like genome reshuffling that simply drives these elements to different locations in the genome. to the best of our knowledge, this is the first comprehensive analysis of microsatellite conservation in the duplicated regions of any genome. microsatellites represent a class of tandem dna repeats with to bp long repeat units. these sequences occur in almost all the organisms and frequently constitute the hypervariable regions of the genome. no specific functions have been assigned to most of the microsatellites till date. however, in some cases at least, microsatellite alleles provide protective or adaptive advantage to the host . in many cases, occurrence of different alleles has been found associated with different phenotypes . microsatellites are not expected to be conserved for long evolutionary periods either, as argued by buschiazzo and gemmell . nevertheless, models of microsatellite mutational dynamics have been developed based on comparison of orthologous microsatellite loci in related taxa . however, whether these models also describe microsatellites at paralogous loci created by segmental changes within a genome remains to be investigated. availability of whole-genome sequences for rice oryza sativa l. allows analysis of noncoding dna also within the segmentally duplicated regions in addition to the gene order, tandemly arranged genes tags and gene functions. a collective look emerging from different reports on mapping of duplicated regions in rice genome reflects that these studies primarily focused on the analysis of genes in these regions. the strategy commonly used involved making blocks of genes, and mapping them elsewhere in the genome. in a way, the noncoding dna, particularly, the repetitive dna has been ignored due to nonemployment of methods suitable for this kind of mapping. nevertheless, to understand the complete mechanism of speciation and genome evolution, the characterization of conserved noncoding dna is equally important . no information, to date, is available on the fate of microsatellites in newly duplicated locations. signatures of ancient duplications, in terms of sequence similarity of genes, and their genomic order on chromosomes in rice, are widely available, as mapped by yu et al. . using the same information as a reference, we have attempted to outline the dynamics of microsatellite dna within the segmentally duplicated regions of the rice genome to enlighten the patterns of conservation and divergence of these sequences. the overall objective of this study was to investigate whether there is any participation of microsatellites in genome reshuffling or they are simply being carried over. we were also interested to know if after duplication the paralogous microsatellites we call as microsatellite twins follow independent dynamics as both the sites are now different or similar dynamics as the neighbouring environment is still essentially the same. the latter point is important to understand whether microsatellite hypermutability is random or directional. .. sequence resources whole-genome sequence of oryza sativa subspecies indica was downloaded from bgi release in fasta format. based on the coordinates of duplicated sequences as provided by yu et al. , the sequences of duplicated regions were retrieved from the whole-genome sequence in a text editor and were used as plain text files. the first set of sequences described by yu et al. has been referred here as group i sequences, and their paralogous duplicated sequences have been designated as group ii sequences. these sequences were further split into .mb bins for further analysis. .. analysis of duplicated sequences repeatmasker with wu-blast search engine was used with default sensitivity and rice as dna source for mining of microsatellite repeats, which were subsequently aligned using glocal algorithm in vista genome browser following the method described earlier by roorkiwal et al. . a simple sequence with repeat motif length of bp spanning a minimal length of bp was considered as a microsatellite. genes were predicted using molquest ver. .. softberry; following analysis of the aligned map, segmental duplications were identified by the criteria of similarity and length kb and analysed for microsatellites and coordinates of the predicted genes. .. statistical analysis the data generated by mining of duplicated sequences and associated microsatellites were subjected to statistical analysis using test and correlation test. the expected values were derived from the published reports , , . . results and discussion microsatellites constitute nearly of the eukaryotic genomes, though in some organisms like plasmodium they may be overrepresented . their biological significance to the host genomes has been a topic of debate in recent years. moreover, little knowledge is available about their mutational dynamics , , primarily derived from the limited genomewide studies in model organisms , , . comprehensive surveys on microsatellite conservation across the species and within duplicated sequences of the same genome are, therefore, required to expand our understanding regarding their genomic significance. in the following sections, we present some points emerging from our study justifying our opinion that at least in part such a conservation and maintenance of microsatellites in segmentally duplicated sequences are visible in the rice genome. .. alignability of duplicated regions evidences exist for genome duplications in rice that occurred between and mya sometime prior to divergence of the cereal genomes , . further, a segmental duplication event between chromosomes and occurred around mya is also well documented , in addition to numerous other individual gene duplications , . in totality, the duplicated sequences in rice span 295 mb, representing nearly two-third of the entire genome including of the genic regions . it is believed that duplication events are followed by several genomic changes including loss of gene functions, and in certain cases, loss of entire genes also . based on the data presented earlier by yu et al. , we delimited total duplicated regions as 141 mb of group i sequences and 154 mb of group ii sequences. however, the actual traceable duplicated segments meeting the criteria of similarity and minimum of kb length covered merely .mb genome. the first and second groups of sequences spanned .and .mb of the genome, respectively. thus, the actual portion of the rice genome studied here came out to be merely .mb . maximum duplication events were observed on chromosome .mb and minimum on chromosome spanning little lesser than .mb table . their distribution was obviously non random with . further, no correlation was observed between the size of duplicated segments and the length of chromosomes. average length of bins was found highest on chromosome , and minimum on chromosome . the size of the aligned pair and the alignment scores between two segments are generally in inverse relationship to their divergence time. however, in the present case, such a relationship has not been observed, as the most recent pair of duplicated sequences on chromosome and was not the longest one table . nevertheless, the mean similarity between the duplicated bins on chromosome and figure was little higher at , compared to mean similarity of . between duplicated bins of chromosome and . .. microsatellite abundance in duplicated regions we earlier reported ,782 microsatellites in 374.mb of rice genome using the same criteria and the tools used in the present study. accordingly, of the genome should have carried 458 microsatellites, had they been randomly distributed throughout the genome. however, only 259 microsatellites could be identified in this set of sequences, with 121 sequences identified in shorter set of .mb, with an average frequency of one repeat locus per ,453 bp, and 138 in group ii of .mb with average frequency of one repeat locus per ,831 bp figure . when the frequency of specific microsatellite motifs in duplicated regions were plotted against the expected values, based on previous studies , , frequency of most of the microsatellites were found much lower , except for motifs like aat, agc, and ccg for which observed values corresponded to expected values. clearly, there is certain level of purifying selection against the microsatellites in these duplicated regions of the rice genome. ccg repeats and direct and reverse complementary permutations thereof were found most abundant in either set of sequences in consistency with the earlier reports , . gaaaa repeats and their permutations , known to be most abundant in rice genome among the penta-nucleotide repeats , were found the second most abundant and least mutable repeats table among the duplicated sequences. other repeats like a, at, and so forth, otherwise abundant in rice genome, were not found preferentially distributed in duplicated regions figure . relative abundance of each of the repeat motif in both of the sets of sequences was fairly comparable. quite expectedly, majority of the microsatellites occurred in the intergenic sequences table , and least in the exonic sequences. consistent with the previous findings , ccg repeats most frequently occurred in exonic sequences. as suggested earlier by some researchers , , intrinsic factors specific to the host genome and microsatellite themselves like repeat length, repeat sequence, neighboring genomic sequences, and so forth, are responsible for differential occurrence and conservation of microsatellites. importantly, while the duplicated sequences have shown a higher frequency of genes, they have particularly shown a bias against the microsatellites figure . .. microsatellite conservation within the duplicated sequences out of the 259 microsatellites existing in the duplicated sequences, only were found conserved in the paralogous sequences. considering the mutability of microsatellites per locus per generation in rice, as described by grover et al. , a microsatellite of bp length may entirely be lost in around million years provided all the mutations are unidirectional, targeting the shortening of the microsatellite. thus, conservation of of microsatellites in duplicated regions, with the average age of duplication around mya, is especially significant as only of the entire duplication blocks is identifiable today discussed above . interestingly, of these repeats have their length conserved, which is significantly lesser than the global average in rice observed earlier , but clearly indicating that these alleles have been fixed in duplicated segments, most probably due to the vitality of their spatial occurrence . differences in the lengths of at least two paralogous microsatellites with ccg motif falling in exonic sequences on duplicated blocks on chromosome and indicate the relative advantage of repeatability and hypermutability of microsatellites in genes, as has been suggested earlier as well , , . it was also interesting to note that at some of the genomic positions a single microsatellite repeat corresponded to two microsatellite repeats with the same motif table . this is possible due to recurring splitting and expansion events at microsatellite loci . of all the paralogous microsatellites observed, maintained both sequence and length characteristics. majority of these microsatellites were located on duplicated segments of chromosomes and . it is quite possible, that these loci might have been fixed. however, we do not overrule the possibility that one or both of the sequences have undergone a number of mutations purely in stochastic manner and eventually arriving to the same lengths simultaneously, now seen as conserved alleles. out of these two possibilities, it is the first one that generates more interest, as microsatellites associated with important regions in the genome will display lower variability during genetic drift and selective sweeps , . consequently, lesser activity will be observed on a microsatellite locus that is lying next to a genomic region adapted to a given environment . therefore, we do not overrule the possibility that the microsatellites that show sequence as well as length conservation represent important evolutionary chronometers and might have been tightly linked to genomic regions of significance . microsatellites located in mutationally constrained regions are expected to be maintained passively. highly conserved microsatellites are often associated with other conserved genomic elements and show a stronger negative relationship with single nucleotide polymorphisms snps density . interestingly enough, in five instances, a particular microsatellite motif has given way to another motif, precisely at the same site table . grover and sharma explained such events by calling them as metamorphosis at microsatellite sites. apparently, in three of the five cases, the new microsatellites appeared originally by a single site substitution, which later expanded possibly by polymerase slippage to mature into a fully grown microsatellite. evidently, both the abundance and conservation of microsatellites had a heterogeneous pattern across the rice chromosomes. however, the distribution of sequence motifs across the chromosomes and across the blocks and segments of duplications more or less remained the same. conserved microsatellites within the duplicated regions of the genome are desired candidates to study the overall significance of microsatellite conservation in different genomes. .. microsatellites versus genes in segmentally duplicated regions out of 259, only . microsatellites were found to be associated with genes. out of these genic microsatellites, were present in exonic regions and remaining were located in the intronic regions. interestingly, of the repeats and their counterparts were located to different genomic entities. for example, while one locus was located in the intergenic region, its paralgoue occurred in the genic region. such spatial distribution can occur due to homologous recombination or some other minor genomic rearrangements due to retrotransposition, local genomic reorganization and reshuffling. thus, such microsatellites can be considered as genomic fossils, which can help in retracing the evolutionary events in the genome. the authors microsatellite research has been supported by indian council of agricultural research icar , department of science and technology dst and defence research and development organization drdo . m. roorkiwal acknowledges research fellowship from university grants commission ugc . - y. kashi and d. g. king, simple sequence repeats as advantageous mutators in evolution, trends in genetics, vol. , no. , pp. 253 259, . - j. b. w. wolf, c. harrod, s. brunner, s. salazar, f. trillmich, and d. tautz, tracing early stages of species differentiation: ecological, morphological and genetic divergence of gal pagos sea lion populations, bmc evolutionary biology, vol. , article 150, . - e. buschiazzo and n. j. gemmell, conservation of human microsatellites across 450 million years of evolution, genome biology and evolution, vol. , pp. 153 165, . - t. barbar , c. palma-silva, g. m. paggi, f. bered, m. f. fay, and c. lexer, cross-species transfer of nuclear microsatellite markers: potential and limitations, molecular ecology, vol. , no. , pp. , . - a. grover, v. aishwarya, and p. c. sharma, biased distribution of microsatellite motifs in the rice genome, molecular genetics and genomics, vol. 277, no. , pp. 469 480, . - a. grover, b. ramesh, and p. c. sharma, development of microsatellite markers in potato and their transferability in some members of solanaceae, physiology and molecular biology of plants, vol. , no. , pp. 343 358, . - m. roorkiwal, a. grover, and p. c. sharma, genome-wide analysis of conservation and divergence of microsatellites in rice, molecular genetics and genomics, vol. 282, no. , pp. 205 215, . - r. guyot and b. keller, ancestral genome duplication in rice, genome, vol. , no. , pp. 610 614, . - x. wang, x. zhao, j. zhu, and w. wu, genome-wide investigation of intron length polymorphisms and their potential as molecular markers in rice oryza sativa l. , dna research, vol. , no. , pp. 417 427, . - j. yu, j. wang, w. lin, et al., the genomes of oryza sativa: a history of duplications, plos biology, vol. , no. , article e38, pp. 266 281, . - d. retelska, e. beaudoing, c. notredame, c. v. jongeneel, and p. bucher, vertebrate conserved non coding dna regions have a high persistence length and a short persistence time, bmc genomics, vol. , article 398, . - s. f. altschul, t. l. madden, a. a. sch ffer et al., gapped blast and psi-blast: a new generation of protein database search programs, nucleic acids research, vol. , no. , pp. , . - m. brudno, s. malde, a. poliakov et al., glocal alignment: finding rearrangements during alignment, bioinformatics, vol. , supplement , pp. i54 i62, . - k. a. frazer, l. pachter, a. poliakov, e. m. rubin, and i. dubchak, vista: computational tools for comparative genomics, nucleic acids research, vol. , supplement , pp. w273 w279, . - l. zhang, h. h. s. lu, w. y. chung, j. yang, and w. h. li, patterns of segmental duplication in the human genome, molecular biology and evolution, vol. , no. , pp. 135 141, . - p. c. sharma, a. grover, and g. kahl, mining microsatellites in eukaryotic genomes, trends in biotechnology, vol. , no. , pp. 490 498, . - a. bhargava and f. f. fuentes, mutational dynamics of microsatellites, molecular biotechnology, vol. , no. , pp. 250 266, . - a. grover and p. c. sharma, is spatial occurrence of microsatellites in the genome a determinant of their function and dynamics contributing to genome evolution? current science, vol. 100, no. , pp. 859 869, . - the rice chromosomes and sequencing consortia, the sequence of rice chromosomes and , rich in disease resistance genes and recent gene duplications, bmc biology, vol. , article , . - j. w. fondon iii and h. r. garner, molecular origins of rapid and continuous morphological evolution, proceedings of the national academy of sciences of the united states of america, vol. 101, no. , pp. , . - j. m. hancock and m. simon, simple sequence repeats in proteins and their significance for network evolution, gene, vol. 345, no. , pp. 113 118, . - d. e. riley and j. n. krieger, utr dinucleotide simple sequence repeat evolution exhibits recurring patterns including regulatory sequence motif replacements, gene, vol. 429, no. -, pp. , . - c. schl tterer, hitchhiking mapping functional genomics from the population genetics perspective, trends in genetics, vol. , no. , pp. , . - c. schl tterer, m. kauer, and d. dieringer, allele excess at neutrally evolving microsatellites and the implications for tests of neutrality, proceedings of the royal society b biological science, vol. 271, no. , pp. 869 874, . - c. a. driscoll, m. menotti-raymond, g. nelson, d. goldstein, and s. j. o'brien, genomic microsatellites as evolutionary chronometers: a test in wild cats, genome research, vol. , no. , pp. 414 423, . - m. brandstr m and h. ellegren, genome-wide analysis of microsatellite polymorphism in chicken circumventing the ascertainment bias, genome research, vol. , no. , pp. 881 887, . - m. brandstr m, a. t. bagshaw, n. j. gemmell, and h. ellegren, the relationship between microsatellite polymorphism and recombination hot spots in the human genome, molecular biology and evolution, vol. , no. , pp. , .
__label__non_math	0.9967	online edition of india's national newspaper monday, know your english transferring the problem after some initial reluctance, the centre has accepted the supreme court collegium's recommendation that karnataka chief justice p.d. dinakaran be transferred to the sikkim high court. evidently, the collegium effected the transfer from a ... stronger state to state ties the recent visit of the head of myanmar's military government, senior general than shwe marks a clear shift and some clarity in india's policy towards its eastern neighbour. for a decade now, new delhi has been trying to befriend yangon in a ... leader page articles restoring bangladesh's core values by haroon habib the bangladesh supreme court's judgment nullifying the 5thamendment to the constitution enacted in , is seen as a milestone in restoring the constitutional course of the nation's history. climate change in the u.k.-india partnership by premila nazareth satyanand policymakers and business leaders might find it useful to leaf through unctad's just-released world investment report : investing in a low-carbon economy. i find the subject fascinating by rosalind ezhil k. world chess champion viswanathan anand on the upcoming simultaneous matches he is to play with mathematicians and his interest in the subject. mapping service of google street faces legal challenges by josh halliday nearly half of the worldwide legal or criminal investigations faced by google relate to the company's street view service. it is facing around actions against the mapping service, from inside the us. although in the u.k., the ... world bank to the aid of world's largest mangrove forest the world bank wb is helping bangladesh carry out a series of studies to develop a program for sustainable development of the sundarbans, the world's single largest mangrove forest in the country's south-western part. a comprehensive plan ... letters to the editor readers' editor : online off line attacks on media on the rise in india a growing number of incidents of violence against, and restrictions on, journalists in several parts of india over the past few months has caused concern at the national and international level. july was a particularly bad month for the news ... read today's supplements: metro plus send: comments to: email letters to the editor to: firstname.lastname with full postal address news: epaper advts: retail plus the hindu group:
__label__math	0.8065	american author mark twain, after witnessing the kumbha mela in allahabad our technological know-how is very well, but our ancients were understanding things much better. something is there, something which i am not exactly knowing, something which is hidden; something which i may not be able to prove technically, but which i know to be there in my soul. agra, india engineer a.k. sharma, , reflecting during his pilgrimage to the kumbha mela on the delightful phenomenon of india's forging into the technological age while simultaneously maintaining ancient traditions, as witnessed by the mela's drawing twenty-five million?plus pilgrims. as my own guru, harry cohen baba, used to say, "if we stopped following the herd and followed the unheard for a change, the world would be a more peaceful place." swami beyondananda speaking of pranava aum, the soundless sound it is the unfailing fall of rain that sustains the world. therefore, look upon rain as the nectar of life. tirukural, verse 331 it's amazing. here is the population of all of israel change is inevitable, except from a vending machine. i just got lost in thought. it was unfamiliar territory. a minister in king akbar's court hated birbal. he couldn't understand why akbar made such a fuss over a hindu. akbar said, "it's not because he is a hindu that i have him here, but because he's so intelligent and helps me whenever i have a problem. i don't think there's a single problem that he can't solve or a single question he can't answer." "what exaggeration
__label__non_math	0.9995	ever since his first tour in , sachin tendulkar has established a special bond with australia. being one of the best to play the game, it was natural for the little master to win respect in australia, known to be the toughest place to play cricket. on tuesday, the bond grew stronger when tendulkar was conferred the order of australia. minister for regional australia and minister for the arts simon crean displays the order of australia conferred upon sachin tendulkar during an event in mumbai. ap photo simon crean, a senior minister, honoured the batsman with a medal and stump. he now joins brian lara, clive lloyd and gary sobers as the non-australian cricketers to be given the honour. highlighting a reason for the admiration australians have for him, tendulkar said, they are fierce competitors and if you do well against them, they shower you with compliments and that's what happened to me. recalling his initial impression of the country, tendulkar said, after seeing matches in floodlights as a -year-old in , i started dreaming of playing there. it turned into reality when tendulkar played in the tour of australia. playing for three-and-a-half months transformed me, one had to play down under to experience it, he said.
__label__non_math	0.9804	expressing unhappiness with the timing of the government s announcement on the direct cash transfer scheme, which opposition parties say violated the model code of conduct prior to the gujarat assembly polls, the election commission ec on sunday sought a report from cabinet secretary ajit seth on the matter. cong defends govt's 'game changer' cash transfer scheme we have asked the cabinet secretary to give us a factual report by monday evening. if we do not get a reply, we will proceed with action, a top ec official said. in a strongly worded letter to seth, the commission said that with gujarat going to the polls on december and , the announcement to roll out the scheme from could have been avoided. on thursday, the bjp s gujarat unit had petitioned the ec about a serious violation of the conduct code. top party leaders, led by lk advani, met chief election commissioner vs sampath the following day to complain. the bjp also pointed out that four of the target districts where the scheme would be implemented from january are in gujarat. after prime minister manmohan singh chaired a meeting last monday to give final shape to the cash transfer scheme hailed by the upa as a game-changer senior ministers p chidambaram and jairam ramesh spelled out the details of the scheme from the party forum the next day. ramesh described the scheme as aap ka paisa aapke haath while chidambaram hailed it as magical during an interaction with the media in mumbai later. the ec s letter to the cabinet secretary is reportedly the second reminder. inputs from pti
__label__non_math	0.9990	as a stylish top-order batsman, he scored three test centuries at the hallowed lord s. as the chief selector, he presided over one of india s tough periods following the world cup debacle, steering the careers of the likes of sourav ganguly, virender sehwag and irfan pathan. anil kumble was chosen test captain and mahendra singh dhoni handed the reins of the twenty20 side to start with under his gaze. here dilip vengsarkar talks to hindustan times about the current crisis in indian cricket. why did things go so horribly wrong in england? more than anything else, england turned out to be a superior and better prepared side. their batsmen piled up huge totals without fail, and that brought our batsmen under tremendous pressure. unfortunately, our famed batting line-up couldn t take the pressure and succumbed. besides, injury to the main bowler made the matters worse, and from there the things went downhill. how much blame should the bcci take for the debacle? it was definitely a case of bad scheduling. whenever a team travels outside asia, especially for an important tour like this, there must be at least three warmup games to help players get used to the alien conditions. our team went straight to england from a tough west indies tour and had just no time to prepare and acclimatise to the conditions. what about poor injury monitoring of players? we have a support staff to assess the fitness of the players and manage and monitor their injuries. if the players break too often and or play with injuries, they are answerable for it. what are the immediate remedial steps? we have to unearth fresh talent immediately. we need to have more international exposure for our under-and india a sides. india, for instance, are scheduled to tour australia in december. so we should ideally have an india a team going there in september, and those doing well should be part of our bench. what this will do is, in case someone breaks down in australia or runs out of form, we will have a player who is match-ready and used to the australian conditions. how do you see things panning out once tendulkar, dravid and laxman leave? we must have options in place for that scenario. for that we need to start a programme, put a process in place as options can t be produced overnight. it s easy to pick the first eleven, but we must have right options for each one of them. unfortunately, right now i don t see that happening. we have a good age group and first class structure, but we need to spot the right talent and groom it. do you believe we have the benchstrength to step up and excel in tests? the way forward is that once you have identified the players for the future, you have to give them a long rope and believe in their skills and potential. it s going to do no good if the same players are rubbished after a few failures. once we have picked them, we have got to believe in their abilities.
__label__non_math	0.9999	manslaughter trial of indian-origin surgeon jayant patel opened on friday with prosecutors saying that he was "criminally liable" for "negligence" that led to the death of a -year-old patient. patel is facing a trial on charges of manslaughter of mervyn morris, who died on june , , at the bundaberg base hospital. the case opened in the brisbane supreme court, with crown prosecutor peter davis opening the crown's case in five parts. -year-old patel has pleaded not guilty to the manslaughter of morris. prosecutors presented the arguments to a -member jury on the first day of the trial, herald sun reported. crown prosecutor davis said that crown was not suggesting "for one moment" that the accused intended to kill or badly harm the patient, morris, rather that he had been "criminally negligent". "the accused performed some medical procedures on mr morris," davis said, adding "the crown case is that as a result of those medical procedures, morris died". "a failure to take reasonable care and or have reasonable skill leaves the doctor criminally liable for the consequences of that negligence," davis said. "the accused was under a legal obligation to take reasonable care and reasonable skill in administering treatment to mr morris," he said. the court heard patel performed two operations on morris in may, , after the man complained of rectal bleeding and stomach pain. the first, and major, procedure on , was a "sigmoid colectomy and colostomy", an operation to remove part of the bowel and connect it to an opening in the abdomen, through which faeces could pass into a colostomy bag. davis said that though patel did not perform the operation "incompetently" however, the surgery should not have been done at all. davis said morris was old, had a "poor heart", liver problems, and potentially cancer, meaning he was not suitable to be subjected to such a "significant" and "unnecessary" operation. the court heard that morris's health declined after the first procedure patel performed on him and following a second operation on , to repair a dehiscence or "breaking open" of the original surgical wound. "you will hear experts say they were caused by the operation and the failure of the accused to give appropriate post-operative care," davis said. davis said the operation had been done for "no good reason" and it had "killed him morris ". the jury was selected on wednesday after a lengthy and exhaustive empanelling process, a first in australia. judge george fryberg said it was essential the jurors were impartial due to the "massive and prejudicial publicity" the case had sparked in the past.
__label__non_math	0.9994	they came in their thousands to hail a new pope, only to have any hopes they had dashed by a puff of black smoke - but that did not quell the excitement of crowds gathered in the rain at the vatican on wednesday. most of those in st peter's square were well versed enough in the rituals of the roman catholic church to know that white smoke to signify the naming of a new pope was unlikely to emerge from the first full voting season of the conclave on wednesday. "you can't expect a microwave pope," said adrian britton, a -year-old artist and missionary from maryland. "it's a process." "these men are trying carefully to work out who should be next to lead them. i'm kind of happy it wasn't white smoke because i just showed up," added britton, who said friends in his parish had paid for him to come to rome and pray for them during the conclave. cheers rose from the crowd as the first wisps of smoke emerged in late morning, only to turn to sighs when it became clear from subsequent billows that it was unambiguously black. vatican spokesman father federico lombardi said there were more people at st peter's than he expected and the numbers were likely to swell again on wednesday evening when romans head to the square after work to see the results of the afternoon votes. those waiting for the smoke had strong views on who should lead a church that has been damaged by sex scandals and allegations of corruption and in-fighting in its administration. "it's important to have a pope who is interested in youth, and working more with the parishes," said kristian brink, a -year-old dane who was skipping classes at rome's la sapienza university. "a pope from another continent would be good, not always from europe," added brink, who had a red-and-white danish flag over his shoulders. "i support the filipino one," he said of cardinal luis tagle. "he is also young." tagle, , is the archbishop of manila, and has a charisma often compared to that of pope john paul ii. tagle's name was on the lips of many of those waiting outside the vatican. patricia seidenberger, a -year-old retiree from bethlehem, pennsylvania, said she hoped that the cardinals would choose a reformer: "coming from america, i think we are a little more liberal," she said. "the new pope needs to take all views into consideration and be a bit more understanding of world issues." italian angelo scola and brazilian odilo scherer are cited by vatican insiders as the two most likely candidates to be chosen as the new pope. the election of scola would return the papacy to italy after a gap of years while scherer would be the first non-european for almost ,300 years. seidenberger said the cardinals should be prepared to look further afield: "he should come from one of the regions where the number of catholics is increasing fast," she said. "a person from an area like that could bring a different perspective of what is going on in the world."
__label__non_math	0.9988	with anna hazare set to make electoral reforms his next big initiative after the lokpal bill, the government has made a move to beat him at it. the law ministry has finalised three key amendments to the law governing elections and has rejected the parliamentary panel's objections on controversial issues. one of the proposed changes in the representation of people's act is a political hot potato - disallowing candidates charged with criminal offences punishable with a prison term of five years or more from contesting elections. however, this provision won't apply in cases where "charges were framed in less than a year from the date of filing nominations", the draft bill says. asked if this proposal directly contradicted the recommendation of the parliamentary standing committee on law and justice, a senior law ministry official said, "the parliamentary committee had raised the issue of candidates belonging to opposition parties being framed by the party in power on false and mala fide charges." citing provisions in the draft bill that sufficiently safeguard against politically-motivated charges, the official said, "if candidates feel charges have been wrongly framed, they may move the concerned high court, which will refer the matter to a special tribunal or court for disposal within days." "if the special court tribunal decides the charges framed by a competent court were politically motivated, then the candidate shall be qualified for contesting elections." the parliamentary panel had stated "there is a lurking fear of the course of prosecution being influenced by the party in power and mere framing of charges would deprive a candidate of his right to contest elections, which will directly benefit the opponents." it had also drawn the government's attention to the opposition by political parties to this proposal. the second proposed amendment makes it mandatory for poll candidates, their parties and functionaries to submit their accounts audited by an agency authorised by the comptroller and auditor general. the third change is to provide state funding for women, scheduled caste and scheduled tribe candidates of recognised parties, which was first reported by ht on monday.
__label__non_math	0.9990	i think director madhur bhandarkar has been very unfair to aishwarya by shelving a film starring her just because she is pregnant. let s face it, people go to see her films to see her face, not her acting. so who wants to see a podgy pageant queen? but i don t see the same standards applied to male stars when they turn up blotto... yes, but then they do sober up the next day while the lady is not going to be herself for quite a while. madhur could have rewritten the script in true hindi film style in which the ageing actress played by aishwarya suffers from an eating disorder which makes her fat. i suppose you will then say that in the end she will realise that it s not cheeseburgers alone that are making her put on weight but the fact that she was pregnant and was eating for two. i can think of many permutations and combinations in which both aishwarya and madhur could have come out smelling of roses. you could be on to something here. maybe, the film could show a portly ash and in the end it could be revealed that actually all along it was govinda in drag. though i don t think ghulam nabi azad would appreciate this. do say: she's got a real body of work. don't say: mum's the word.
__label__non_math	0.9988	the waterfowl hunter is up at the crack of dawn, to go out into the cold, the wind and the wet, knowing the temperature may not climb above freezing. they hunker for woodies, sprigs, and greenheads amongst the reeds and farm ponds. remington understands how you hunt, what you hunt, and what you expect from your equipment. that's why remington offers superior craftsmanship in waterfowl shotshell ammunition. looking for premium performance without the premium price? nitro-steel delivers. greater hull capacity means heavier charges and larger pellets, which makes these loads ideal for large waterfowl. nitro-steel delivers denser patterns for greater lethality and is zinc-plated to prevent corrosion. available in a complete line of full payloads and high-velocity, nitro-steel is a luxury everyone can afford. please note: this description may represent a general group of products. please read the item's title and specifications for more specific information about this particular item.
__label__non_math	0.9625	classified and mic boyd to take part in juno cup tomorrow night, march in toronto news toronto, on it s one of canada s greatest hockey rivalries the giants of canadian music face off against the greats of the nhl. sure, it s for charity but that doesn t mean it will be friendly two of canada s favourite pastimes hockey and music come together for an all-out clash of the titans during juno cup, a celebrity hockey game in support of musicounts, canada s music education charity associated with caras. the game sees former nhl greats competing with canadian artists and celebrities for bragging rights on the ice. artist and celebrity guests include: jim cuddy blue rodeo , andrew scott sloan , barney bentall, brad keller creaking tree string quartet , brian kobayakawa creaking tree string quartet , bryan crouch hail the villain , chris murphy sloan , classified, mic boyd, dustin bentall, george canyon, greg millson great lake swimmers , jay bodner eagle hawk , jon gallant billy talent , johnny max johnny max band , kathleen edwards, kevin parent, menno versteeg hollerado , michael hollett now magazine , mike belitsky the sadies , paul aucoin the hylozoists , peter kesper nq arbuckle , rob higgins dearly beloved , ron maclean hockey night in canada , sean dean the sadies , sarah harmer, tyler armes down with webster , vince fontaine eagle hawk . nhl greats include: mark napier, brad dalgarno, derek king, gary leeman, gary roberts, mike pelyk, paul coffey, russ courtnall, troy crowder, valeri bure for more information and ticket purchase click here.
__label__non_math	0.9959	tag results for "colombian landmines" chilean and peruvian officials are worrying about the recent heavy rainfall that is causing landmines to travel to more populated areas as they are being swept away by the water and mud caused by flooding rivers. continue reading rats in colombia are currently being trained to locate landmines that have killed and maimed a number people, many children. the colombian national police tried to use dogs to sniff out the landmines continue reading one indigenous person was killed and another three were injured when they stepped on landmines planted by leftist farc rebels in the mountains of the southwestern colombian province of valle del cauca, community leaders said. continue reading two colombian soldiers were killed and four others were injured by landmines planted by leftist farc guerrillas in the northeastern province of norte de santander, the military said friday. continue reading
__label__non_math	1.0000	california's farm service agency will hold a public meeting wednesday in ventura for hispanic and female farmers and ranchers who can prove they faced discrimination when applying for federal farm loans or loan servicing between and . the meeting will be from -p.m. at the ventura county agricultural commissioner's office, california room, 1st floor, 669 county square drive. val dolcini, state executive director of the agency, will give a bilingual presentation about the claim filing process. spanish language assistance will be provided. the u.s. agriculture and justice departments have offered the farmers and ranchers the ability to file claims as an alternative to litigation. claimants can file until march . there are no filing fees. people who do not file can pursue their cases in court, the state agency said. the usda has at least 160 million in farm debt relief for eligible hispanic and female farmers and ranchers. in january, the government increased the maximum cash recovery for such claims against the usda to ,000. the federal government extended the claim opportunity to hispanic and female farmers and ranchers after it settled lawsuits that provided 760 million to american indian farmers. those interested in receiving a claims package or getting more information can visit or call the farmer and rancher call center at 888-508-.for more information on the california meetings, call 530-792-. for other meeting sites, visit most popular stories - financial times twitter, email hacked - entrepreneurs chase social media - facebook bounceback shows social media market strength - social media means new business opportunities - randy travis sues texas agencies over drunken arrest video - record 800-pound gator killed in texas - leading economic indicators recovered in april - travel startup localeur expands to houston - munoz takes the wheel at nissan - shakira out, aguilera in at 'the voice'
__label__non_math	1.0000	boston, ma -- marketwire -- -- renewed optimism has residential contractors projecting revenue growth during the coming years, which is changing their strategies for how they bid jobs, select products and where they shop for building products. l.e.k. consulting's third contractor behavior survey finds that shifting contractor behaviors will have an impact on building products manufacturers and the channel. with the building and construction market improving, more u.s. contractors are walking away from jobs that won't provide appropriate margins taking lower margins on jobs in the survey, a decrease compared to the survey . residential contractors' purchasing behaviors also show diminished price sensitivity. when selecting products, contractors prefer to remain loyal to trusted brands and high-quality products rather than trade down and purchase less expensive alternatives or lower-grade products from a popular product line or less trusted brand. most contractors said durability was a key purchasing driver, followed by price at . reputation , manufacturer guarantees and energy efficiency also ranked high in importance. as the importance of price becomes slightly deemphasized among contractors, survey findings indicated that purchasing frequency at the big box channel has plateaued and is subsequently expected to decline over the next three years and shift to pro channels including specialty independent stores and specialty chains. while price was the major factor driving contractors to spend more at big box stores during and , this year more than half of contractors said that convenience was the major factor. contractors are also decreasing their searches across multiple retailers to purchase preferred products at the lowest prices. "it's difficult for pro channels to trump big box stores on the convenience factor; but what they can offer contractors in terms of reliability, guarantees and staff knowledge are favorable attributes that will win customers over the long term," said robert rourke, vice president and head of l.e.k. consulting's chicago office. "building products manufacturers can gain share by refining their pro channel sales strategy -- where profits and differentiation are more sustainable than in big box channels -- to sell new and premium products that contractors highly value, with factors such as durability and energy efficiency." ranking the highest-performing manufacturers for the first time since the inception of the l.e.k. contractor behavior survey, contractors were asked to identify the highest-performing manufacturers across product categories. the ranking centered on four attributes: product breadth, quality, price and service level. "the winners in these categories have the right mix of innovation, quality and price that attract contractors to their products instead of the alternatives next to them on store shelves," said mr. rouke. most popular stories - financial times twitter, email hacked - entrepreneurs chase social media - facebook bounceback shows social media market strength - social media means new business opportunities - randy travis sues texas agencies over drunken arrest video - record 800-pound gator killed in texas - leading economic indicators recovered in april - travel startup localeur expands to houston - munoz takes the wheel at nissan - shakira out, aguilera in at 'the voice'
__label__non_math	1.0000	the famous tudor warship, mary rose, will finally reveal all her secrets 500 years after she sank in an exciting, new 27million museum set to open on friday 31st may the ship that captured the world's imagination when she was raised from the seabed in is the only sixteenth century warship on display anywhere in the world and the brand new museum built around her will reunite her with many of her ,000 artefacts and crew in a unique journey through tudor life. the most comprehensive collection of tudor artefacts in the world will be showcased from personal belongings such as wooden bowls, leather shoes, musical instruments and nit combs complete with 500 year old lice to ship's objects such as longbows and two tonne guns. for the first time, using forensic science, crew members will be brought to life giving visitors the chance to come face to face with the carpenter, cook, archer and even the ship's dog, 'hatch' tickets for the new museum will go on sale from monday 8th april online and in our visitor centre. a time slot for the museum can be booked when you buy your ticket but this time will not be transferable so please be sure that you will be able to attend your selected time. great value site tickets giving entry to all the historic dockyard attractions are available or you can opt for a single attraction ticket to the new mary rose museum. see for information and to buy from 8th april. if you have previously purchased a ticket that includes entry to the new mary rose museum available as an add-on option at point of sale on tickets sold since september you will need to book an entry time for the museum in the visitor centre when you arrive on site - you will not be able to do this online. time slots are allocated on a first come, first served basis and we will do our best to accommodate you. for the final hour of the day we will operate a first come, first served free-flow basis whereby a time slot will not be required. for more information on visiting and any ticketing queries, please read our frequently asked questions groups - if you would like to visit with a group of people or more please call 023 for more information and to make a booking. education visits - the new mary rose museum, fully equipped with a state of the art science laboratory, will offer an exciting learning programme including science, history and tudor themed workshops. please sign up to our education e-newsletter to receive full details when they are announced museum hire for corporate events - please contact becky ashton on 023 for more details.
__label__non_math	0.9991	ph.d., university of chicago, office: bunche hall bunche hall los angeles, ca william marotti teaches modern japanese history, with an emphasis on everyday life and cultural-historical issues. he is also chair of the east asian studies m.a. interdepartmental degree program. he received his doctorate in from the university of chicago s department of east asian civilizations and cultures. prior to joining the ucla faculty, william participated from to in the project on the cold war as global conflict at new york university s international center for advanced studies as a woodrow wilson postdoctoral fellow , and from to in the expanding east asian studies project exeas of the weatherhead east asian institute at columbia university. from to , william taught as a visiting assistant professor in the history department at uc santa cruz. william's major research project to date culminated in his book, money, trains and guillotines: art and revolution in 1960s japan duke university press, ucla press release here . the study addresses the politics of culture and everyday life in japan in the early 1960s, explored through a focus upon transformations in avant-garde artistic production and performance. the book examines the advent of this art-based activism in japan in the late 1950s and early 1960s in its complex relation with an internationalized art world, mass culture, domestic protest movements, and evolving forms of state practice, law, and surveillance. it reflects upon the significance of this history for understanding the 1960s as a global moment, and the particular role of art and performance in these transformations. william's current project follows this work with an expanded consideration of the politics of the 1960s in japan, and their articulation with the global phenomena of the decade. portions of this work include an examination of late 1960s japanese political mobilization, focused upon the politics of violence, the problem of political subjectivation, and the distinct forms of activism arising in this period. a portion of this part of the larger study appeared in the february issue of the american historical review for their forum on "the international ." another portion of this work was contributed to a forthcoming volume on global experimental music tomorrow is the question: new directions in experimental music studies, ed. benjamin piekut univ. of michigan press, forthcoming . the essay considers the performance and politics of the music group gur pu ongaku ca. as part of this conjunctural moment in musical experimentalism. william s broader research interests include post-wwii japan, global history, the 1960s, cold war, comparability, critical theory, everyday life, art and politics, performance, law and legitimation, and protest movements. he also serves as director for the japanese arts and globalizations jag multi-campus research group, whose activities may be found here: money, trains and guillotines: art and revolution in 1960s japan duke university press, . adapted excerpt:"creative destruction,"artforum international february . "japan : the performance of violence and the theater of protest," american historical review february : -135. "sounding the everyday: the music group and tone yasunao s early work," yasunao tone noise media language, ed. brandon labelle, errant bodies press, los angeles copenhagen, . "political aesthetics: activism, everyday life, and art s object in 's japan, inter-asia cultural studies, , . simulacra and subversion in the everyday: akasegawa genpei's -yen copy, critical art, and the state," postcolonial studies , july, : 211-239 1960 nihon no nendai zen ei geijutsu undo to hijikata tatsumi, sunawachi hijikata tatsumi no buto o hyoka suru shomondai" hijikata tatsumi and japanese avant-garde art movements of the 1960s; problems in evaluating hijikata tatsumi's butoh , choreologia , : -.. roundtable discussion: james elkins, ed. what do artists know? forthcoming, penn state u press, . review: seeing stars: sports celebrity, identity, and body culture in modern japan, by dennis j. frost. american historical review april : 504-. review: concerned theatre japan the graphic art of japanese theatre ,by david g. goodman. journal of asian studies , november, : . "buto no mondaisei to honshitsushugi no wana" the problematics of butoh and the essentialist trap , shiataa aatsu may : -. 60 rokuju nendai zen'ei geijutsu to hijikata tatsumi" 's avant-garde art and hijikata tatsumi , hijikata tatsumi tsushin january : . from the theatre festival in zagreb, croatia," translation of nishido kojin, kuroachia, zagurebu no engekisai kara," in croatia . tourdays with gekidan kaitaisha, miyauchi tatsu, iokyo: joho senta shuppan-kyoku, , . edit this page
__label__non_math	1.0000	find more events discover what's next in entertainment. beasts of the southern wild in a forgotten but defiant bayou community cut off from the rest of the world by a sprawling levee, a six-year-old girl exists on the brink of orphanhood. buoyed by her childish optimism and extraordinary imagination, she believes that the natural world is in balance with the universe until a fierce storm changes her reality. desperate to repair the structure of her world in order to save her ailing father and sinking home, this tiny hero must learn to survive unstoppable catastrophes of epic proportions. hitfix reviews and ratings a-benh zeitlin's 'beasts of the southern wild' was embraced by the sundance crowd, and now it has once again dazzled festival audiences at cannes, and deservedly so. b story issues aside director behn zeitlin shows true talent in his sundance film festival debut "beasts of the southern wild."
__label__non_math	0.9765	- category: tuberculosis tb - published on tuesday, september - written by liz highleyman more than of people with multidrug-resistant pulmonary tuberculosis in a multi-country study were found to be resistant to at least second-line anti-tuberculosis agent and had extensively drug-resistant disease, researchers reported in the , advance online edition of the lancet. multidrug-resistant tuberculosis mdr-tb , or mycobacterium tuberculosis resistant to at least the standard first-line drugs isoniazid and rifampicin, is now widespread throughout the world. extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis xdr-tb , referring to bacteria resistant to the usual second-line agents as well, is a growing concern. resistance typically develops when people do not compete a full course of therapy, which can last months. treatment options are limited for people with highly resistant tb, and the cost is much higher, duration of therapy is longer, and side effects are more problematic. tracy dalton, phd, from the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention cdc and fellow investigators with the global preserving effective tb treatment study petts team prospectively analyzed resistance to second-line anti-tb treatment in countries. between january and december , the researchers enrolled a total of adult patients in estonia, latvia, peru, the philippines, russia, south africa, south korea, and thailand. the cdc centrally tested sputum samples for susceptibility to first-line and second-line agents. participants had confirmed pulmonary mdr-tb and were about to start second-line treatment. about two-thirds were men and the median age was around years; were hiv positive. - of participants showed resistance to at least second-line tb drug, with rates ranging from in thailand to in latvia. - had evidence of resistant to at least injectable second-line agent, with rates starting at in the philippines and again topping off at in latvia. - were resistant to at least drug in the fluoroquinolone class. - overall, of patients had evidence of xdr-tb -- defined as resistance to both an injectable agent and a fluoroquinolone -- with rates ranging from just under in the philippines to in south korea. - previous treatment with second-line drugs was the strongest risk factor for developing resistance to these drugs, and this increased the risk of xdr-tb by more than -fold. - fluoroquinolone-resistant tb and xdr-tb were more common among women compared with men. - other factors consistently associated with resistance to second-line tb drugs included unemployment, incarceration, heavy alcohol use, and smoking; other risk factors varied across countries. rates of xdr-tb seen in this study were higher that previously thought, the study authors noted. prevalence in south korea and russia and , respectively , for example, was twice as high as the global world health organization who estimate of about . "previous treatment with second-line drugs is a strong, consistent risk factor for resistance to these drugs, including xdr tuberculosis," they concluded. "representative drug-susceptibility results could guide in-country policies for laboratory capacity and diagnostic strategies." "information remains insufficient to give a clear view of the worldwide distribution and true magnitude of xdr tuberculosis," sven hoffner from the swedish institute for communicable diseases wrote in an accompanying editorial. "updated information on mdr tuberculosis and investigation of the trends are urgently needed, especially since the true scale of the burden of mdr and xdr tuberculosis might be underestimated and seem to be rapidly increasing." t dalton, p cegielski, s akksilp, l asencios, et al. prevalenceof and risk factors for resistance to second-line drugs in people with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in eight countries: a prospective cohort study. the lancet. epub ahead of print . s hoffner. unexpected high levels of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis present new challenges for tuberculosis control. the lancet. epub ahead of print .
__label__non_math	1.0000	ben affleck has cleaned up this awards season and his film argo captured seven oscar nominations, but a lot has been made of the fact that he wasn t nominated for best director. does affleck think he was snubbed? check out what he tells showbiz tonight be sure to tune in to showbiz tonight: road to gold, saturday sunday at p.m. et pt on hln. showbiz tonight is counting down the top five oscar must-sees. don t miss out
__label__non_math	1.0000	issue 145 - december 2nd edition - page gmail 'update account' phishing scam email purporting to be from webmail provider gmail claims that recipients must click a link to verify their accounts and update information or risk having the accounts permanently deleted. the message is not from gmail and the claim that users will lose their accounts if they do not verify their information is a lie. the email is a phishing scam designed to steal login information for gmail and other webmail accounts as well as trick victims into divulging their phone numbers to internet criminals. last updated: first published: article written by brett m. christensen about brett christensen and hoax-slayer dear gmail user, as part of our security measures, we regularly update all accounts on our database system. we are unable to update your email account and therefore we will be closing your email accounts to enable the you have been sent this invitation because our records indicate you are currently a user whose account has not been activated. we are therefore you sending this email so you can inform us whether you still want to use this account. if you are still interested please confirm your account by updating your details immediately because out system requires an account verification for the update. to prevent an interruption with your gmail services, please take a few moments to update your account by filling out the verification and update form immediately. click here to verify your account we appreciate your cooperation in this matter. gmail member services team gmail inc. . according to this email, which purports to be from google's webmail service, gmail, account holders are required to update their account details by clicking a link and filling in a verification form. otherwise, claims the message, the users will find that their gmail accounts are permanently deleted. the message comes complete with a gmail logo and however, the email is certainly not from gmail. and users will not lose their accounts if they fail to follow the link and update their details. users who fall for the ruse and click the link will be taken to the following bogus gmail login page, which has been constructed so that it closely emulates a real gmail page: after providing their login details, victims will be then taken to another bogus page that asks them to provide their phone numbers: next, victims will be taken to yet another bogus page and asked to provide login details for any alternative email addresses they may have: after providing all the requested details, users will be automatically redirected to the real gmail website. alas, all of the information they have provided will end up in the hands of online criminals who will use it to hijack the real webmail accounts. belonging to their victims. the compromised accounts can then be used to launch more spam and scam campaigns in the name of the victims. the scammers may also use the stolen phone numbers for further nefarious activities. email account phishing attacks like this one are very common and take many forms . be very wary of any unsolicited email that claims that you must follow a link or reply to provide login information and other personal information. legitimate email service providers will not ask users to provide such information via a generic email message. if you receive such a message, do not click on any links or open any attachments that it may contain. do not reply to the message. always login to your online email service by entering the account address into your browser's address bar rather than by clicking a link in an email. friend stranded in foreign country scam emails yahoo account phishing scam email gmail account phishing scam pages in this issue: - hoax - nasa predicts total blackout of planet in dec - 'you have received a secure message' malware emails - christmas cards for dalton dingus - jim carrey is not dead - australian power gas 'payment receipt' malware emails - gmail 'update account' phishing scam - starbucks lack of support for iraq troops rumor - holiday horrors - are common seasonal decorations toxic? - facebook 'site governance' email is legitimate - rapidfax malware email - facebook survey scam - free bunnings gift card - plea to help find homes for thoroughbred horses - giant table and chairs horse shelter photograph - wrestling star john cena is not dead - facebook 'pirates' fraud warning - leptospirosis death warning - rat urine on soda can top - egg windshield attack robbery warning - 'assistance internet' email account phishing scam - misleading health advice email - 'mayo clinic on aspirin and heart attacks'
__label__non_math	1.0000	seek and destroy the competition with the redcat racing volcano epx 4wd electric rtr rc truck - electric powered - electric brushed 27t 540 motor - single speed transmission - drive system: wheel drive - chassis type: plastic - aluminum capped oil filled shocks - scale - redcat racing volcano epx 4wd electric rtr rc truck - .2v rechargeable battery - wall charger - length: inches - width: .inches - height: .inches - wheelbase: inches - vehicle: .2v rechargeable battery pack included - transmitter: aa batteries not included be the first to add a review. please sign in or register to leave a product review.
__label__non_math	0.9990	i just got my about a month and a half ago, and i have experienced similar issues had similar questions. i'd just like to add: when it comes to hoisting the main, some lube helps. i've read either dry silicon spray or even dish soap helps. silicon made a world of difference for me. also, check the sheaves that the halyard goes around. one of mine wasn't rotating, and of it had worn away on one side if you're looking to replace parts, lines, or even try to figure out if you have all the pieces and how they go together, get a sailing parts accessories catalog free from hobie: and study the hobie parts breakdown.
__label__non_math	0.9999	pronger is a cocksucker. he should get suspended. also pronger is a . if he was about to meet with enforcer he would he would play runaway bride. he sucks. would never fight someone like mcgrattan or so... simply .. pronger is and always has been a goon and a cheap shot artist. he always fights the smaller guys and ducks no pun intended guys of equal size or toughness. the shot was after the whistle, not okay but leave it to pronger to jump handzus, he would not have jumped ivannis or laroque or boogard. i agree when a guy shoots at the goal, he needs to pay for that if it is after the whistle or the buzzer. i just remember the cheap shots he delivered in the play offs and with his record, he should have been administered the penalty of a suspension, why?... it was in ot, period and he was the instigator so named and penalized. there, said my piece.. but i hate the ducks with my very soul so it may be a little biased...lol... how about the hit on corey perry ... clean and a thing of beauty. then they send out parros to run brad stuart in retaliation and stuart avoids the check and nails parros with a hard check and a face wash. love the rivalry, hate the ducks.
__label__non_math	0.9967	what a great fight, calling it an and a win to mcquaid. i am embarassed to say i've never heard of either of these two fellers. i would be pumped if i was in a fight good enough to make zdeno friggin' chara stand up in excitement. hey brokenleg mcb, looks liek the bruins have left your habs behind. must be killing you especially since it was the -win that sent the bruins on their way. as for this fight, you cant go wrong picking the opposite of brokenhead, easy win for mcquaid.
__label__math	0.9651	if pahlsson is a tank for playing 275, what does pando get for 283? you'll remember that madden has won the selke before. madden and pandolfo are the two best shut down checking forwards in the game. look at how pandolfo was able to stifle jagr in all of thier meetings. i think pandolfo should get it.
__label__non_math	0.9471	watched by vancouver canucks dan hamhuis, montreal canadiens tomas plekanec tries to get the puck under control in the second period of a regular season nhl game at rogers arena, . gerry kahrmann png staff photo habs vs canucks saturday, leave a comment you must be logged in to post a comment.
__label__non_math	1.0000	there are no products matching the selection. runners understand the importance of wearing the appropriate shoe on the road, trail, or track. trail running shoes are specifically designed to provide more traction to better handle the rugged terrain. running on a trail requires a running shoe with better protection from rocks and fallen branches. holabird sports offers a large variety of the leading trail running shoes such as, adidas, asics, brooks, mizuno, new balance, puma, reebok, and saucony. our pricing is always competitive, and our service is superior. when it s time to get your next pair of men s trail running shoes, visit our one of a kind showroom in baltimore, maryland, call or email our experienced service specialists, or check out holabirdsports.com
__label__non_math	0.9976	there are no products matching the selection. every few hundred miles you spend money and invest in a new pair of running shoes but often times you overlook something just as important: the right pair of running socks. sure you could wear a -pair pack of bulk cotton socks, but those can lead to blisters and discomfort. running socks are engineered specifically for your sport, with seamless toes, thoughtful construction designed to eliminate rubbing and hot spots, moisture-wicking fabrics to keep your feet drier longer, and anti-microbial properties to eliminate odor-causing bacteria. running socks for men have come a long way, and with the right pair, you ll go a long way too.
__label__non_math	1.0000	since , holabird sports has offered a wide selection of tennis racquets, tennis equipment, tennis shoes and gear for all other racquet sports, outfitting everyone from sports enthusiasts to serious athletes. holabird now offers over styles of affordable, name brand running shoes, as well as shoes for walking, aerobics, basketball, and cross training. the holabird exercise and fitness shoe catalogue has recently been updated to include the bestselling vibram fivefingers running shoes. make sure that you visit our sports accessories category to browse our wide selection of sports nutrition, hydration bottles and more. discover the holabird advantage: great selection, low prices, free shipping, experienced service and constant reliability.
__label__non_math	0.9999	when it comes to tennis, you can t beat the holabird sports selection or our everyday low prices. we take pride in stocking the best tennis racquets, strings, bags, shoes, clothing and balls. we carry all the top equipment from the biggest brands, including babolat, wilson, head and asics, and the racquets used by the top stars of tennis. you can play with the head youtek ig radical pro, the same racquet used by andy murray in his summer of domination. perhaps you prefer the wilson pro staff six. one blx, after all, it s brought roger federer tremendous luck. both venus and serena williams trust the wilson blade team blx 104 to drive home win after win. kim clijsters and li na both prefer the babolat pure drive gt ; while rafael nadal loves his babolat aeropro drive gt. not sure which tennis racquet you want? don t worry; you can try any racquet risk free with our tennis racquet demo program. just don t forget your tennis shoes and a bag to help you carry everything.
__label__non_math	0.9512	women s cross training shoes take every possible motion into consideration. cross training may involve step aerobics, weight lifting, dancing, or kickboxing. you need a shoe that gives you proper support, stability and cushioning. cross training shoes are designed for multi-sport activity. women s cross training shoes are ideal for strength training and group exercise at the gym. holabird sports has a wide variety of women's cross trainers at every day discount prices.
__label__non_math	0.9988	193 night week about the home completely renovated, luxuriously furnished and full of light apartment, air conditioned, 40m living room with breath taking view on one of the most beautiful squares of aix en provence, lovely double bedrooms one of them with view onto the square, small single bedroom, bathrooms one of them with an italian spacious shower, self contained modern kitchen with all facilities. facilities: dishwasher, washing machine, refrigerator, freezer, tv, dvd player, cd player, internet, telephone etc. on the ground floor of the apartment there are two double bedrooms and two bathrooms. one bathroom has a shower and two wash basins and a separate toilet next door. the other bathroom has a toilet, wash basin and a bath with showerhead . on the second floor of the apartment there is a double bedroom and a single bedroom which has a wash basin and shower in the room. nb: the two storey apartment is actually up on the second floor of the building, please note that there is no elevator, stairs only. located in the heart of the aix en provence's historical centre no direct access by car, by taxi only , this lovely furnished apartment is surrounded by magnificent buildings, squares, restaurants, museums and boutiques. all sort of festivals take place in aix en provence during the summer as the worldwide known music festival. unsuitable for people with restricted mobility no smoking at this property further details indoors: extra cleaning fee on departure : . further details outdoors: please note that we have a secure garage for one small medium sized car in multi-storey carpark located mins away on foot: week. please let us know if you would like to rent the garage when you send your initial enquiry as we have two apartments, but just one garage check-in time: - check-out: by midday the provence alpes cote d'azur bouches-du-rhone region discover picturesque proven al villages, lovely countryside where well known artists as cezanne and picasso whose castle in vauvenargues can be visited. minutes from the famous sainet victoire and minutes from marseilles. day trip to cassis and bandol, visit "les calanques", lovely fishing harbours and beaches only minutes from our location. the aix en provence area museums, historic buildings, high standard shops, gourmet restaurants and bars, aix en provence is a cultural and beautiful city. le cours mirabeau created in is the main avenue of aix which connects the mazarin area in the south to the old commercial city in the north. la rotonde builded in with statues represents the justice looking towards aix, agriculture towards marseille and the the fine arts towards avignon. the roi ren fountain which shows him with raisins on his hand since he brought the muscat wine to provence among others. how to get there click map icons for more information nearest airport: marseille 25km nearest ferry port: marseille 30km nearest train station: aix en provence centre ville 1km nearest tgv high speed train station: aix en provence tgv 15km nearest motorway a7 nice : 5km activities near aix en provence tennis in town golf within mins drive a winter sun break even better than the great photos--a lot of love went into this place. we used as home base for provence daytrips--perfect we loved our stay in this most lovely apartment.the owner was extremely helpful and made areal effort to make sure we enjoyed our stay this property was everything we were looking for and more. location was wonderful. every day is market day in aix. bringing back fresh produce, flowers, cheeses and bread to the wonderful environs... more the property's weekend rates apply to: friday, saturday and sunday nights nb: prices may be subject to change at the advertiser's discretion. payment can be made by paypal or by wire transfer. non refundable deposit requested at the time of booking: 800 final payment balance cleaning fee garage if reserved to be paid weeks prior to your arrival, ie.: cleaning fee: secure garage in carpark located mins away on foot available upon request at the time of booking and subject to availability: week. nb: garage is for one small medium sized car, not big enough for a people carrier monospace . monthly rental rates: see below for next months' availability - to see the next months click here contact the owner please check the following errors: years listed you are contacting the owner is based in france and has advertised with holiday lettings since . this apartment has received reviews from previous guests. verified property owner this owner has been verified by our team payment for this home can be made directly to the owner. selected other homes from this advertiser cours mirabeau in aix en provence, france holiday accommodation in france ,127
__label__non_math	0.9976	world information society day national defense transportation day armed forces day pentecost whit monday world day for cultural diversity world biological diversity day national maritime day african liberation day trinity sunday jefferson davis birthday memorial day international day of united nations peacekeepers corpus christi world no tobacco day statehood day jefferson davis birthday world day for child victims of aggression world environment day isra and mi'raj world oceans day kamehameha day world day against child labour flag day world blood donor day father's day world day to combat desertification bunker hill day wwii army air force 8th weather squadron no glow prior worn blue twill for sale this aprior sewn wwiiarmy air force8th weather squadronpatch blue twill cheese cloth backing " x "no glow. there is see scan. priority shipping with or without tracking available upon request at usps rates . every patch is guaranteed as advertised and fully returnable for full refund excluding any postal fee's incurred . i have no control over those unless other wise stated . we stand behind everything offered sold unless otherwise stated . if there is a problem or your not happy have the courtesy to contact us so we can work things out together prior to just leaving response and not notifying us of any type of problem . we can not fix something that is broken if we don't know it is broken first . always remember no one is perfect no matter how hard we try to come close . actually many may find strange in todays market place we actually care about the transaction from not only the payment but your receiving the item you won and payed for at your address of record . so for peace of mind work with us and we will work with you to the best of our ability within in reason . pay pal payments are accepted. non paying buyers will be left negative response. will be notified for non paying buyer refund of fee's from transaction.by offerding on this item buyer agrees to these terms.good luck . to keep the transactions going as smoothly and as trouble free as humanly possible for all involved. this item has been shown 159 times. wwii army air force 8th weather squadron no glow prior worn blue twill :
__label__non_math	0.9943	dodge s new durango citadel is a splendid workhorse. you may remember the old dodge durango the way i do: as a clumsy, truck-based ute, just one more member of that herd of motorized dinosaurs that roamed america, doomed to extinction by an oncoming comet called the great financial contraction. yes, the old durango crawled off to die in a tar pit somewhere, and was replaced a year ago by this, the new durango. like its chrysler group stable mate, the jeep grand cherokee, the new durango has benefited enormously from detroit s near-death experience, and from new direction by italy s fiat. may i say that the durango is now what it should have been all along: a thoroughly competent workhorse that is also pleasant to operate, pleasant to be a passenger in, and even pleasant to look at. i came out of a restaurant one night and saw it lit up under street lights, which accentuated some handsome but subtle creases in its silver-gray sheet metal. only the third-row seat is somewhat unpleasant, but just for adults. the very fact that it has more seats than the grand cherokee now puts the durango on the car-shopping radar of families with more than .children. as well as being comfortable and surprisingly composed, the big durango drives smaller than it is. every time i glanced in the mirror, i was surprised to see how much vehicle was following me down the road. there are four durangos in dodge s lineup, all available with rear-wheel or all-wheel drive. so really there are eight models. they range from the sxt ,000. inbetween there is a crew model and an r t, and of course each step up comes with more toys. the sxt can be had only with chrysler s pentastar .-liter v-, rated for 290 horsepower and 260 pounds of torque. the r t can only be had with chrysler s .-liter v-, with 360 horsepower and 395 pounds of twist. r t is dodge code for road track, and designates a performance model. in this case, it means the steering, suspension and exhaust have been made more sporting somehow. the other two durangos, the crew and citadel models, can be ordered with either motor. the six-cylinder delivers to epa miles per gallon, city and highway. the v-has a fuel saver feature that deactivates four of its cylinders when they re not needed, but its efficiency is still just to mpg. somewhat surprisingly, the v-gets hooked to a -speed automatic transmission, while the v-has a -speed. functionally, one would expect the less torquey engine to enjoy the benefit of more gears, to keep it on the boil better. dodge apparently believes that if you pay more, you should get more gears as well as more engine. both transmissions let the driver lock out the higher gears, which can be helpful when pulling a trailer up a long grade. dodge says the durango can be set up to tow a ,400-pound load. our test vehicle was a citadel v-with most of its option boxes ticked. it had a media center and satnav and many other nice things. one day, i got a warning message: fcw blocked from the key fobs to their drivetrains, there s much commonality between the durango and the grand cherokee. seats, switches, many of the options, even certain trim pieces are shared. for all their genetic similarity, though, they re different. the durango, even the tarted-up, bucks-up citadel, lacks jeep s sophisticated off-road hardware, its deluxe cabin and tauter handling. it s the solid older brother who went to trade school, while the grand cherokee better-looking, more athletic, and clearly mom s favorite got the ivy league scholarship. the jeep is more refined; the dodge is bigger longer and just as comfortable, but less expensive.
__label__non_math	0.9971	after weeks of cliff-diving dates and born again virginity on the bachelor, abercrombie model look-a-like sean lowe has proposed. the lucky lady is catherine giudici, the -year-old graphic designer from seattle, a self-described nerd, but from the .seconds of the show that we actually watched, she seemed pretty cute and not-nerdy to us, but whatever television. it s a match made in heaven. catherine herself said that sean is her ultimate type, which to use her words is an all american beefcake. the best part is that sean finally told catherine he loved her after he proposed and of course catherine started losing it, saying stuff like i m addicted to you and you re my prince, which is a bit much, but also kind of adorable. maybe these two will be one of like, couples to actually stay together after the show. oh and when if they do stay together, abc is televising their wedding kardashian-style. as for the jilted runner-up, which is a terrible way to look at romance, -year-old lindsay yenter was sent packing and told sean, oh my gosh, i m gonna go because this is painful. poor thing. rejected is never easy, but to be rejected by sean lowe, who is arguably the hottest bachelor we ve seen since the show took a left turn with casting choices like mop-head ben flajnik. oh, sean has also just revealed he s joining this season of dancing with the stars, because he better cash in on his -minutes of fame while he s still hot.
__label__non_math	0.9203	both actresses were romantically linked to justin timberlake during the beginning of , although johansson, who appeared in the pop star's steamy "what goes around, comes around" video, has recently denied she dated the singer. but if the rumors were true, timberlake was dating the two top women in the world, according to men's magazine stuff. the top are: . jessica biel . jessica alba . eva longoria . katharine mcphee . olivia wilde
__label__non_math	0.9995	les moonves: 'last' season for 'dexter' the cbs corp. chief, who oversees sibling network showtime, tells investors the michael c. hall drama will end after season eight. season eight of showtime's dexter officially might be its last. speaking to analysts monday at a wall street conference in palm beach, fla., cbs corp. ceo leslie moonves indicated that the serial-killer drama will wrap its run following the upcoming eighth season. asked by an analyst -- who implied that the michael c. hall-jennifer carpenter drama was in its last season -- what was in the pipeline for the cbs corp.'s sibling cable network showtime, moonves might have let the cat out of the bag. "we have ray donovan coming on with liev schreiber, which comes on with dexter's last season starting in june, and then we have masters of sex," moonves replied with a laugh as if to acknowledge something that showtime has yet to do. showtime executives have been mum on what the future holds for dexter. a spokesperson for the network told the hollywood reporter late monday that there was "nothing confirmed" about if the series could and would continue beyond season eight. showtime will use dexter -- which was renewed a year ago for seasons seven and eight -- as a launching pad for ray donovan, moving up its premiere from fall to summer for the first time come june. paul bond contributed to this report. what's hot in tv - most shared - most popular
__label__non_math	1.0000	sugarland's stage manager made split second decision that saved band from collapse hellen rollens decision to hold them for literally a minute saved every band member and crew's life," says sugarland s manager. sugarland's stage manager hellen rollens made a split-second decision to hold the band back from taking the stage at the indiana state fair on saturay because of bad weather -- and it may have saved their lives. the band's manager, gail gellman, said some people thought it was safe to go on-stage, but rollens acted on her instinct and kept them off. seconds later, to mph wind gusts knocked over the stage, killing four people and sending to the hospital. another person died overnight in the hospital. as they heard the stage crashing, sugerland's jennifer nettles and kristian bush and their crew fell to the floor and tried to take cover under a wall because they were afraid the stage was falling on them. "there was no running out anywhere," gellman told the associated press on monday. "no one knew what happened. it was just the moment when your eyes get big." the group met up at their tour bus later. "as a tour manager, it's super important to understand what the weather conditions are when you play outside. we've always talked about not putting the band on during wind, lightning or heavy rain," said gellman. "everybody was standing in a prayer circle getting ready to go onstage, and hellen, as she was walking down the ramp, the stage fell. so her decision to hold them for literally a minute saved every band member and crew's life," she added. gellman has watched nettles struggle with the news of the accident. "there are moments i can see great clarity in her eyes, and there are moments i can see her tears well up so much that i just don't know what to do," gellman told the ap. "she's just processing and wants to encourage people to be together, to support each other." bush returned to his georgia home to spend time with his children after the accident. gellman thinks the the stage fell because of the weather, not because of of a structural issue. indiana officials are still investigating. "i would pose the same question to every band that goes out there, keith urban, kenny chesney . we all tour during the summer. we all play outside. we're all cognizant and very aware of what we hang and what we do," she said. "we have restrictions and requirements from every venue and we stand by every single one of them." the set for sugarland's "incredible machine" tour was destroyed when the stage collapsed. they had to cancel a sunday show at the iowa state fair, but are "hoping and preparing" to play a scheduled stop in albuquerque, n.m., on thursday. - most shared - most popular
__label__non_math	0.9998	do you really need a date night??? redefining date night for you and your husband my husband and i have been married for almost years in june. we have had the odds stacked against us from the beginning. you see, we got married when i was just and he was . a child bride. the statistics for teenage marriage is staggering. "one study i found showed that marrying as a teenager was the single biggest risk factor for divorce" said david popenoe, head of the national marriage project at rutgers university. with half of all marriages ending in divorce these days, marrying young didn't help our odds. wanna know what else didn't help our odds? i was also weeks pregnant when we walked down the aisle. i knew from the moment i met my husband that we would get married. i prayed for him for years before i even met him. so when i finally did meet him, i knew he was the man i had prayed for. getting pregnant expedited our engagement and later our marriage, but i never doubted for one moment that i wouldn't spend the rest of my life with my husband. fast forward fifteen years. we now have three kids together, have bought two houses, have completed two degrees, moved over miles away from where we started our marriage, and have what both of us would claim is a successful thriving marriage. through the years we have heard that it's best to put our marriage first. i googled "putting your marriage first" and got over 144,000,000 results after skimming the first page of articles to see the results, know what each one mentioned? for years we have felt pressured to have an official date night. what do you think of when you think of a date night? i always thought of date night as a night when you hire a babysitter, make reservations to a fancy restaurant, go to the local theater to catch the latest release. the reality of date night is that it's expensive. to hire a babysitter for the evening ends up setting us back around for the night. add in the expense of dinner out and a movie or other entertainment and our grand total for the evening is well into . not only is it expensive it's also inconvenient. you have to not only work around your families schedule and find a free night without sports or school commitments, but you also have to work around your babysitters schedule. while my husband and i have had several "date nights" in our years of marriage i can honestly say, we have had far fewer than what the experts would recommend. my husband and i haven't had a date night since our five day vacation to puerto vallarta last november. i'm here to tell you that we have redefined date night what is the goal of date night? to spend uninterrupted time with one another. to focus on one another without distractions. to spend time connecting with one another. it's taken me years to finally feel like i don't need to feel the pressure of having a weekly date night. that i can disregard what the "experts" are telling me about how i need to schedule a date night with my spouse. we have date night every night. yep, want to know how we have date night? we have made it a commitment in our marriage from the very beginning to make sure that every night is spent with one another. over the years i realize we are doing things differently than most couples. we have made it a priority to spend each evening with each other. i've heard some couples say that after they get the kids in bed, each spouse goes their separate ways. one couple i know watches tv by herself while her husband plays video games in another room. another couple has a wife that does computer work while her husband is in the other room watching tv. another couple doesn't spend evenings together at all. the wife is busy with her commitments on various committees having meetings out nearly every night while her husband puts the kids to bed. some couples i know are spending time together but not really. both of them are in the same room with the tv in the background, both of them on their iphones or laptops being distracted by more than one thing. does this sound familiar? when our kids were little we had a strict bedtime. now with a teenager, the evenings are getting a little later. since our teenager has early mornings he wakes up at , he has an bedtime. we adhere to this bedtime through out the summer and on breaks too. with parenting consistency is key. we feel like keeping bedtimes consistent is important for not only our kids health, but for our marriage. don't get me wrong, there are also evenings where we are flexible with this rule. however, it's rare that our kids are up past , even if they are having a sleepover with friends. each night after the kids are in bed, my husband and i are then able to focus on one another. the story about something that happened during the day can be shared without interruption once the kids are snug in their beds. the discussion that we promised one of the kids we would have, happens after . the thing we have been trying to spit out but that keeps getting interrupted by kid , , or can now happen in it's entirety. we don't have to worry about little ears hearing our personal conversation because they are in bed or at least in their rooms we have a few rules early on in our marriage we promised not to have a tv in our bedroom. as my dad says, nothing going on in your bedroom should have to compete with the tv. such good advice that we have taken to heart. we actually only have one tv in our whole house. no computer e-mail phone distractions what needs to get done has to get done before , or it can wait for the morning. there are very few times when this rule gets broken.
__label__non_math	1.0000	our menu of ice cream and yogurt we offer delicious "hard" ice cream and frozen yogurt, sherbet, sorbet and now soft serve non-fat frozen yogurt you can get ice cream in three sizes, your choice of several types of cones, or in a cup. we also offer hand packed quarts of any of our delicious flavors - sizes - kiddie, small, large - cones - plain, sugar and waffle - hand packed quarts you can top your ice cream with these toppings - rainbow sprinkles - chocolate jimmies we offer a full range of sundaes including - hot fudge - waffle cone sundae we offer frappes and shakes in regular and extra thick we also offer sherbet coolers and freezes for great refeshment on a hot summer day you can also get ice cream sodas and root beer floats
__label__non_math	0.9985	a western bedding set in a palette of chocolate brown with leopard spot accents, the carstens gold rush bedding ensemble will turn any bedroom in to a soothing western inspired sanctuary but with a leopard print twist. available in twin, queen and king sizes the carstens gold rush comforter creates a leather appearance with a chocolate microsuede fabric, stitched in panels, gold rushs western appeal is inviting with its deep brown color palette. the gold rush bedskirt features an inch drop in a contrasting leopard spot print, in a formal tailored design. standard pillows shams add a touch of south west decor authenticity with accents of golden embroidery on a brown faux leather base. while european shams feature a brown damask fabric with decorative edge tassels. coordinate your entire bedroom decor with decorative accent pillows, the carstens gold rush bed set includes a leopard print square pillow. available in twin, queen and king sizes the carstens gold rush bed in a bag set, is a complete bedroom in a bag that includes comforter, standard pillow shams, european pillows shams, bedskirt and decorative pillow. complete your bedroom decor with window treatments; including drapery curtains in the floral damask jacquard.
__label__math	0.9815	multi-signal, multi-format analysis with the vsa what is the webcast about? as system complexity increases, so does the need to analyze multiple signals simultaneously. perhaps you work with multi-carrier devices, need to look at uplink and downlink signals simultaneously, or simply want to compare signal quality at several different physical test points. this webcast will introduce you to the new multi-measurement capability of the vsa software to address these wireless r d needs. we will discuss real life challenging test scenarios and demonstrate how to run multiple vsa s side-by-side within a single, optimized user interface, either controlling several instruments at once, or sharing a single instrument among several measurements. join us to learn how to troubleshoot signal interactions and decrease test time by performing multiple vector signal analysis measurements at once. who should view this webcast? verification engineers, rf engineers, baseband engineers, system integration engineers, r d managers, engineering managers, production engineers, professors les prix montr s sont les prix courants et peuvent tre modifi s sans pr avis. mat riel pour la formation l' v nement multi-signal, multi-format analysis with the vsa webcast slides slides from webcast pr sentation de s minaire pdf .mb
__label__non_math	0.9999	perched at the ocean's edge, this inviting home is the perfect holiday retreat. located in the canadian gulf islands -- between vancouver and victoria, this oceanfront vacation home offers a modern, fully-equipped kitchen, a seaside patio, and a wood-burning fireplace. stairs lead to the beach and a sun deck at the water's edge. pender island is a beautiful, natural, west coast setting with a mild mediterranean climate and a peaceful, slower pace of life. fill your day watching eagles, seals, otters, and whales. explore the seashore or sit in the sun with a good book. as the day draws to an end, enjoy the spectacular sunset. hike our many parks and trails. explore the shoreline by kayak. take a boat tour, play a round of golf, or sample the wines from our nearby wineries. visit an artist's studio, or take in the saturday morning farmer's market. dine out at one of our restaurants or seaside pubs. take a day to visit the quaint capital city of victoria and the famous butchart gardens or spend a day island hopping to the nearby islands. our vacation destination offers an oceanfront main home and an oceanfront sleeping cottage. guests may rent only the main house which accommodates up to four people or both the house and cottage which accommodates six guests total . families with older children or grandparents wishing to enjoy their own space will appreciate the separate cottage. the property is only rented to one party at a time, to ensure your privacy. the home's main floor offers an open-plan kitchen, and dining and living areas where you can enjoy the spectacular ocean views. a dishwasher, microwave, washer, and dryer are provided for your convenience. there is one bedroom with comfortable twin beds, and one bathroom on the main level. on the ground level there's a second bedroom which has a sea view and a queen-size bed. you'll be lulled to sleep by the waves that lap below your window. the sleeping cottage is adjacent to the main house, and offers a queen-size bed and its own bathroom. tall paned windows frame the spectacular ocean views. there is also a deck to enjoy the marine activity. there are stairs to the water where you can explore the shoreline when the tide is out. there is space for kayakers to keep their kayaks. if you are traveling with young children, the stairs to the beach are steep and sundeck over the water is not fenced, so children must be supervised. pets are welcome, subject to our pet policy. a refundable security deposit is required. for the benefit of both guests and the owner, guests must complete a rental agreement.
__label__non_math	0.9988	an absolutely, secluded location in a nature park reserve with romantic hiking trails by the front door. here you follow the traces of weber and wagner, relax by streams and regenerate yourself in one of the scenic excursion inns. nearby you will find the hunting paths of august the strong and his palace pillnitz with a fantastic palace garden. from 'sunnyside' downstream by the elb, you can reach the historical city center of dresden with all of its cultural treasures like the semper opera, painting gallery from the green arches or the lively new district with a minute drive. upstream, only 12km away is the national park 'saxon switzerland', our elbe sandstone mountains, the absolute paradise for those who like to hike and climb. here you will also find open-air theaters, the cliff stage rathen and ponds for boating. a clean, large lake for swimming is located km away. the stolpen castle is km away, hunting castle moritzburg km, stable and renaissance castle sch nfeld km. other activities: climbing in the elbe sandstone mountains golf: a golf course is located in ullersdorf - km away. ski: you can go skiing directly from in front of the house
__label__non_math	1.0000	choosing the perfect place to stay on vacation is sometimes tough. every extra piece of information helps fellow travelers make the right decision. detailed reviews of vacation rental homes makes finding the perfect place easier. the more detail you can provide the better - was the listing description accurate regarding the location, layout, amenities, etc? - was the property clean, was it well-maintained, etc? - did the owner provide good customer service? - would you recommend this property to a friend or relative? - what activities, attractions and restaurants did you like or dislike? learn more about our traveler review guidelines
__label__non_math	0.8044	good timing on the question. i just put a saison on tap that was fermented with this strain. i'm not picking up a lot of fruitiness, maybe a hint of mango and pineapple. what i am getting though is a very spicy sensation on the tongue, with a low level of brett funk just enough to know it's there, but not dominate . the best part is that it fermented down to .003, so the finish is bone dry, yet i don't perceive the beer as thin. my grain bill is pilsner, spelt, and a bit of munich, mashed at 150, with an og of .052. hopped with saaz and styrian goldings. fermented in the upper 60s. it's a little slower than saccharomyces, but not by much. i kegged this after weeks, but all activity was done after .
__label__non_math	1.0000	dudasaj's photos - "unbagged"description: :34uploaded on: - couple of recipes, couple if ingredients - new zealand brewers - what's the worst craft brew commercial you've had? - group buy in chicago - extreme frustration; what am i doing wrong? - the great hbt stogie thread - siebel institute of technology web courses - chugger pump? - .020 curse - erdinger dunkelweisen clone - so who's brewing this weekend?
__label__non_math	1.0000	- no sales tax - we do not charge sales tax we do not charge sales tax except for orders being shipped to new jersey - free shipping - free shipping on orders over delivered via standard ground. not all products are eligible there is also free shipping on orders over ,999 that requires freight carrier trucking.
__label__non_math	1.0000	with a highly detailed pattern and a palette of rich colors that will add depth to any space in your home, this beautiful traditional rug is sure to become a favorite part of your decor. whether for your living room, dining room or any other high-traffic area, this top-quality wool rug will last for years to come. place your order today. - hand tufted of wool for years of lasting beauty. - the rich, intricate, beautiful pattern will enhance most any style of home decor. - the digital images on our website are as accurate as possible. however, different monitors may cause colors to vary slightly. - it is normal for new wool rugs to shed yarn fibers for up to three months. regular vacuuming will help pick up these fibers and keep the rug looking fresh and clean. - all rug sizes are approximate. patterns may vary according to shape and dimension.
__label__non_math	1.0000	search for "" found results. - check for typos or misspellings - use fewer keywords, for example: "leather sofa" instead of "black leather sofa" - try another term, for example: "sofa" instead of "couch" can't find what your looking for? - try browsing the categories at the top of the page - let us help - email us we have recently added several new products that may interest you, or you may want to explore some of the best-selling products in our furniture, rugs, home decor, lighting, bathroom, storage display, linens fabrics, and outdoor categories. shop items reduced in our outlet
__label__non_math	1.0000	based on your current location, we have chosen a store to give you the most up-to-date selections and pricing available. if this is not your preferred local store, please change store now. we were unable to identify your local store. please enter your zip code and select your local store, so we can provide current product and pricing information available for your area. this item cannot be shipped to the following state s : gu,vi complement your home's craftsman or mission style with the hampton bay miramar ii in. ceiling fan. the reversible blades offer a choice of walnut or cherry finishes for a look that's easy to change when your decor changes. the -light kit includes candelabra bulbs and bowl-style tuscan amber glass, while the framing around the light kit and optional decorative scroll piece add beauty and style. you will need adobe acrobat reader to view pdf documents. download a free copy from the adobe web site. for warranty information on this product, please call our internet customer service center at -800-435-. please allow an additional -business days for standard ground delivery in the u.s. orders for this item may be expedited for an additional fee. other delivery options: expedited delivery: delivery the second business day. express delivery: delivery the next business day. if product is eligible for shipping to ak, hi and us territories additional transit time and remote surcharges may apply. this item is also available for pick up in your local store free within -business days, plus order processing time. visit and like us stay connected with us follow our pinterest boards get the latest products, project tips and ideas view diy project and can't find what you're looking for? please call us:
__label__math	0.5449	how to get shading right recent improvements to window technology make substantial air conditioning energy savings possible. however, shading remains a time-tested method to accomplish the same end. architectural and site shading can have an even greater impact on reducing daily cooling use than upgrading windows. using both a prototype building and modeling simulations, a study by our team at the national renewable energy laboratory nrel evaluated the relative impacts of different solar load control strategies. the study points the way toward optimizing the interaction of various methods for reducing solar heat gain. this is helpful,as the wide variety of shading options currently available can make choosing an effective solar load control strategy confusing see snapshots of shading options,he sept oct ',p. . the prototype house was built in in tucson, arizona, as part of the department of energy's building america program.its integrated package of energy-saving features includes structural insulated panels sips for the wall and roof construction, white coating on the roof, spectrally selective windows, architectural shading, an interior location for the air handler and ducts, highefficiency air conditioning equipment, and solar water heating. building america see clean breathing in tract homes,p. works with five building industry teams to produce advanced residential buildings on a community scale. systems incorporated into these houses are evaluated by conducting successive design, test, redesign,and retest iterations until cost and performance trade-offs yield innovations that can be cost effectively implemented in production-scale housing.rgc courthomes,inc., built the prototype, with input from the ibacos building america consortium. building performance was modeled using a detailed hourly energy simulation tool and was measured while the building was unoccupied for a period of days. model inputs included direct measurements of the net air exchange rate, surface reflectance,and window transmittance. model results, after calibration,showed good agreement with the direct measurements of cooling loads and air conditioning energy use. analyzing the interactions between building performance and solar load control strategies in a prototype house can facilitate the optimization of cost and performance trade-offs in large-scale production. typical new productionscale houses in the tucson market are framed on a slabon- grade foundation with stucco exterior finish and a sloped concrete tile or flat built-up bituminous roof. these standard-practice houses are built using standard construction materials and techniques, including nominal x wood framing,fiberglass batt insulation,-inch polystyrene sheathing,and double- pane,clear-glass,aluminum frame windows. the slab foundation has no insulation,and the attic is usually vented. a forcedair distribution system provides space heating and cooling,with the air handler located in the garage and the flex duct in the attic. this system is typically supplied by a -seer air conditioner and an annual fuel utilization efficiency afue gas furnace. the prototype house differs from these houses in several respects. it has a well-insulated airtight envelope, with minimized air distribution losses. the house's energy-saving features, plus the large ratio of window to floor area in the design, render window contributions more important than they are in conventional housing, particularly in the tucson climate. the prototype incorporates several reengineered features into its structural and mechanical equipment systems see table . envelope changes include a sealed, insulated, and conditioned crawlspace foundation a shallow basement and sips see sips face the skeptics,he,mar apr ' . the foundation stem walls are -inchthick reinforced concrete, insulated on the interior with a -inch-thick rigid foam board r- that serves as the concrete form. each wall and roof panel consists of a polyurethane foam core sandwiched between - inch thick oriented strand board osb sheathing. sips -inches thick are used for the walls, and sips -inches thick form the flat lowslope ceiling roof assembly. the walls are finished with synthetic stucco on the exterior. the roof panels are finished with a white singleply rubberized fabric coating on the exterior the inside is cathedralized, with no attic space . the windows have vinyl frames with a thermal break,double panes, and spectrally selective coatings on the inside of the outer pane surface two of the tinted glazing. mechanical system features include putting the air handler in an interior chase, locating all ductwork within the conditioned space,and installing a -seer seasonal energy efficiency ratio air conditioner. a batch-type solar water heater, with an integral collector storage unit,preheats domestic hot water. the gasfired water heater is coupled with an integrated hydronic space-heating coil in the air handler. the house has a controlled-ventilation system consisting of a separate,single-speed and manual-switch fan that supplies fresh air on demand from the outside to the air handler return plenum. this ranch-style house is located in a high-density, single-family residential development see cover photo . the architectural plan has approximately ,170 ft2 of floor area, including two bedrooms and two bathrooms. the house has a relatively large window area with 272 ft2; four sliding glass doors facing a patio make up about of this window area. the sliding glass doors are partially shaded by the patio cover,which is ft long, ft wide, and ft above ground level see photograph on p. . the front entrance is a solid wood door. another overhang on the front elevation of the house is an open horizontal trellis made of nominal x lumber; vegetation has been planted and is intended to grow over it. prior to testing, the interior of the house was fully finished and landscaping was complete. no interior window coverings were installed during the test period. building performance measurements included environmental conditions, net air exchange rate,and electric power use during normal operation of the building see measuring thermal performance . in addition, cooling loads were measured using a co-cooling test protocol in which a six-zone portable air conditioning unit was substituted for the building s air conditioner. the modeled and measured results were compared; the results showed good agreement for cooling loads and air conditioning energy use. the model was then used to evaluate annual energy use and the impacts of alternative solar load control strategies over a broader range of conditions than could be measured in the field. the simulation model includes accurate building geometry to account for the effects of shading on windows and walls. the windows are all generally well shaded, either by overhangs or by the adjacent houses. the simulation model was imported into a three-dimensional graphic representation program that has rotational view capabilities to check building geometry.figure shows the location of exterior walls, windows,doors, and overhangs. crawlspace walls are evident in this view. shading from adjacent houses is significant at this site. the geometry of houses and fences to the east and west are modeled as measured at the site; these shading surfaces are also shown in the figure. how the shading options added up for the determination of annual heating and cooling energy,occupied building operation is simulated. the simulation of occupied conditions in this building for a full year predicts that ,285 kwh of cooling energy and therms of space-heating energy are required per year. heat gain through the windows is the largest component of envelope load, and it constitutes more than of the total cooling energy load see figures and . figure presents the daily load profiles of air conditioning electricity use on a typical cooling day for four combinations of glazing and shading. in this case, the shading includes both the architectural overhangs and the site shading from adjacent buildings. standard glazing without shading represents the worst case, and spectrally selective glazing with shading the existing building represents the best case. the combination of high-performance glazing and shading achieves a .kw reduction in afternoon peak electricity demand and a .kwh reduction in daily total electricity used for air conditioning. architectural and site shading reduces daily cooling use more than upgrading the windows does. the shading combination reduces daily cooling energy use by .kwh , as compared to .kwh for just upgrading the windows. architectural shading is clearly very important in reducing cooling loads. it reduces the annual cooling requirement by approximately , whether one starts with standard double-pane glazing or with spectrally selective glazing. in both cases, the heating load increases as the solar gain is reduced, but thanks to the combination of the tucson climate and the wellinsulated tight building shell, this has little impact. even in the worst in this housing development, site shading plays an important role in reducing morning and evening direct solar gain. the test house is shaded to the east and west by adjacent, two-story houses. this site shading not only reduces the solar gain through the windows, but effectively shades much of the exterior wall area, reducing overall conductive gains as well. annual energy costs the cooling and heating loads are combined into a single value by converting the energy requirements to costs. the study assumed that electricity costs . kwh, and natural gas costs therm for the first therms a month and therm above that. figure shows annual cooling and heating costs as a function of glazing type, two types of shading, and the orientation of the front of the house. using the data from this figure and referencing a base case building with standard windows with no overhangs but with adjacent building shading, table presents the reduction in cooling and heating costs for a subset of combinations. the existing building has a south orientation, and the combined features lead to a reduction in cooling and heating costs. the total cost of cooling and heating is reduced by more than by adding the presence of the adjacent houses. as expected, the maximum effect from architectural shading occurs if the front of the house faces west, which orients most of the window area to the south. the maximum effect of site shading occurs if the front of the house faces north, which orients most of the window area to the west.with the front facing east, the majority of windows are on the north side, and neither architectural nor site shading has much effect on cooling and heating costs. - first page - previous page enter your comments in the box below: please note that all comments are subject to review prior to posting.
__label__non_math	1.0000	weatherize murray city click here to read more articles about retrofit this article originally appeared in the march april issue of home energy magazine. a rural community revitalization approach weatherize murray city to read complete online articles, you need to sign up for an online subscription. once an order has been placed there is an automatic processing fee that will be deducted with any cancellation. the home energy online articles are for personal use only and may not be printed for distribution. for permission to reprint, please send an e-mail to email
__label__non_math	0.9898	ny loft on wilshire listed with carole schiffer dre , coldwell banker-brentwood the information being provided by carets claw, crisnet mls, damls, crmls, i-tech mls, and or vcrds is for the visitor's personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties visitor may be interested in purchasing. any information relating to a property referenced on this web site comes from the internet data exchange idx program of carets. this web site may reference real estate listing s held by a brokerage firm other than the broker and or agent who owns this web site. the accuracy of all information, regardless of source, including but not limited to square footages and lot sizes, is deemed reliable but not guaranteed and should be personally verified through personal inspection by and or with the appropriate professionals. the data contained herein is copyrighted by carets, claw, crisnet mls, damls, crmls, i-tech mls and or vcrds and is protected by all applicable carets, california real estate technology services, is a consolidated mls property listing data feed comprised of claw combined la westside mls , crisnet mls southland regional aor , damls desert area mls , crmls california regional mls , i-tech mls glendale aor pasadena foothills aor and vcrds ventura county regional data share . date last updated: pdt this idx solution is c diverse solutions .
__label__non_math	0.9996	what makes us unique? building your own home is quite possibly the most exciting and rewarding endeavor for anyone to undertake. and it all starts with the perfect home design. we are here to help ensure that you get off to a perfect start we ll save you money using pre-drawn homes plans is the most cost-effective way to professionally design a home. why pay tens of thousands of dollars for a custom design when most of our plans are available for a fraction of the cost? you ll also save big because we offer free delivery, free design consultations, free modification quotes, and a low price guarantee. we ll help you stay on schedule using pre-drawn home plans is the most expeditious way to design a home. why wait months for a home plan when you can get one instantly? so many things can lead to delays during the construction process. why let the design phase be one of them? not only are all of our designs ready-to-ship, many can be sent digitally and be in your email in-box by tonight we re committed to your satisfaction with our home plans, you know exactly what you re getting before you buy. nevertheless, we understand that plans change, which is why we offer the industry s best exchange and upgrade policy, bar none. you ll have questions, we ll have answers we know what you re going through. we understand the anxiety and uncertainly most of our customers are facing when going through the home building process. it can sometimes seem confusing and overwhelming. rest assured we are here whenever you need us, with a customer service team that is unparalleled in the industry. more reasons to buy your home plans from us
__label__non_math	1.0000	recently added item s you have no items in your shopping cart. if you have an account with us, log in using your email address. by creating an account with our store, you will be able to move through the checkout process faster, store multiple shipping addresses, view and track your orders in your account and more. there are no products matching the selection. currently shopping by: copyright - monkeysports, inc. . homerun monkey and homerunmonkey.com are operated by and are trademarks of monkeysports, inc. homerun monkey has the best selection of baseball and softball equipment, gear, apparel, gloves, bats, balls, catcher gear, umpire equipment, and footwear. hottest bbcor, big barrel, little league, and wood baseball bats from leading manufacturers such as easton, demarini, rawlings, marucci, and louisville slugger. fastpitch and slowpitch softball bats from demarini, worth, easton, mizuno and anderson. high quality baseball and softball gloves and mitts in adult and youth sizes. huge selection of baseball and softball catcher gear, with custom colors available from most manufacturers. keep your player protected while at bat and fielding with batting helmets, batting gloves, and protective equipment. best prices on men s, women s and youth footwear and cleats. massive selection of equipment bags, socks, pants, and other game wear to help outfit any player or team. don t forget to check out the clearance section to save even more
__label__non_math	0.9999	hwy 231, panama city, fl commercial property mls id: - 360 acres located at the northwest corner of u.s. highway 231 and highway . please call for further details. get a detailed community profile report via email. click here to get your copy right away. please fill out the form below and a community profile report will be emailed to you soon compare current mortgage rates save big on insurance this ,000,000 commercial property, located in the zip code , has the following property features: mls area. this hwy 231 commercial property, located in bay county, is listed under mls listing number , has beds, baths, and has a listing price of ,000,000. you can find more of chris mccall's listings by browsing chris mccall homes for sale at homesandland.com, or even more panama city homes for sale here.
__label__non_math	1.0000	carpenter co. campaign raises awareness on quality sleep by staff -- home textiles today, : richmond, va. carpenter co. has launched a national advertising, marketing and public relations campaign to raise consumer awareness of the quality and quantity of healthy sleep, as well as products that support it. among the fascinating tidbits revealed by the carpenter co. sleep better survey: of respondents said the quality of their sleep is worse now than it was five years ago; said a pillow is very important to get a good night s sleep about half prefer a medium pillow ; and of american pet owners like to have their pets sleep with them regularly dan schector, vp sales and marketing for carpenter s consumer products division, said the company is developing new products that address sleep quality. he asserts that consumers will pay more for better products when feature-benefits are clearly called out. the survey and other components of the campaign highlight the findings of carpenter co. s research associate and webmd specialist michael breus. we would love your feedback
__label__non_math	1.0000	- written by mark vignola - published on april the new york audio show took the palace hotel and surrounding area shops by storm this weekend. i had the pleasure of attending the show on saturday and am here with a quick show report of what i was able to see before things got too hectic. - written by jared rachwalski - published on march the salon son and image hifi show in beautiful montreal took place this past week and over weekend....i covered the show for secrets..please enjoy my report and check out the images on the google cave too.... - written by secrets ces coverage team - published on january ces has come to a close and we are happy to be home.....some final thoughts..... robert kozel, senior editor, sums it up......the show had an enormous crowd of over 150,000 people. from an audio video perspective, the new innovation was all around 4k displays. every major manufacturer was showcasing 4k displays. the practical reality is that while the 4k displays were stunning, the general consumer will not be able to afford this technology for several more years at least until the prices come down to earth. the real stars of the show were the updated plasma and led televisions that support the current hdtv standards. these new sets were gorgeous and offer the consumer some amazing technology and beautiful video quality at approachable pricing. on the audio side of things... - written by secrets ces coverage team - published on january ces is a wrap everyone has commented on the huge crowds and long lines. senior editor, robert kozel, summarized the show: display technology dominated the audio visual arena with 4k, oled, 3d not so much . personal audio was very prevalent in the audio world with lots of earphones, headphones, etc. finally connectivity was prevalent throughout.....see john's final notes from ces and read all of the final reports in the cave. - written by jim clements - published on october rocky mountain audio fest exceeded expectations......so many exhibitors and attendees. great show wrap-up commentary......all images are in......plus the installment of the rocky mountain audio fest turned out to be the tale of two technologies. i am personally something of a generational 'tweener'. i was born at the tail end of the baby boom generation - but i'm not really a baby boomer and i'm not really a genxer. i am young enough that there was a computer in my hs math class. i am old enough that i completely grew up on analog audio. - written by secrets ces team - published on january join scott wilkinson for a ces pre-show discussion on twit.tv, live on friday, january and replayed on monday, january . guests include piero gabucci secrets of home theater , tom norton home theater , and chris boylan big picture big sound . - written by secrets cedia coverage team - published on september the cedia expo is back in indianapolis this year. the secrets team arrived earlier this week and have already seen some impressive new gear. the first reports are in.....check back frequently for reports from the team: cynthia johnson, chris heinonen, robert kozel, sumit chawla, piero gabucci and nick st denis. david rich is with the team as well, focusing on some of the technologies with in-depth interviews with the manufacturers. new.....david rich has added a post show report in the cave. head for the cave. or for individual team reports, go to read more for the link. - written by jim clements - published on october it is that time of year again in the beautiful rocky mountains for one of the best shows for all of us audiophiles - written by jason victor serinus - published on july the second california audio show, produced by constantine soo of dagogo.com, took place july -at the crowne plaza hotel, burlingame. if neither attendance nor room layout was exactly what dealers and manufacturers had hoped for, the combination of several fine sounding rooms, live performances, and information-packed seminars left many audiophiles smiling.
__label__non_math	0.9999	this sept. image purports to show smoke rising over camp bastion in helmand province, afghanistan, after what a taliban media unit said was an attack at the base. site intel group via ap the taliban terrorists who pulled off one of the most damaging attacks of the afghanistan war were probably trained for the plot in pakistan, illustrating how the u.s. ally threatens to jeopardize a successful withdrawal, military experts say. the attack on the heavily defended camp bastion in helmand province destroyed six u.s. aircraft and killed two marines on sept. . one of the attackers survived and has revealed that he received some of his training for the plot in pakistan, a senior u.s. military official told usa today. the official requested anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue of u.s.-pakistani relations. the pentagon has long complained to the pakistani government and military about sanctuaries in pakistan that put taliban leaders outside the reach of the u.s. military. the latest intelligence on the camp bastion attack shows little has changed, experts say. "unless the pakistanis do more about those insurgents crossing the border into afghanistan, you're going to have a critical security challenge," said mark jacobson, a former nato official in afghanistan at the german marshall fund. "it makes the situation post- more precarious than it would be otherwise." most u.s. combat forces will withdraw from afghanistan at the end of . u.s. and afghan officials are negotiating over a residual force that would stay behind for counterterrorism missions and support for afghan security forces. coalition and afghan forces have weakened the taliban throughout southern afghanistan, and the group's financing and leadership inside afghanistan have been devastated, according to nato. however, many taliban leaders remain safely in pakistan, and fighters regularly slip cross the border to launch attacks. the attack on camp bastion displayed an uncommon amount of planning and training, said marine maj. gen. charles "mark" gurganus, commander of regional command southwest. "it was months in the planning," gurganus said. "this was not a bunch of local yahoos who were just thrown together and said, 'hey let's go attack camp bastion.'" camp bastion is part of a sprawling coalition complex in helmand province; its security is the responsibility of british forces. on a moonless night, the insurgents used seven bolt cutters to open a hole in a perimeter fence. dressed in u.s. military uniforms, they split into three five-man teams and used a dry streambed to creep toward the flight line in sight of guard towers, armed with assault rifles, rocket-propelled grenades and machine guns. they were able to keep up a nearly four-hour firefight, destroying six marine av-8b harrier jets, damaging two others and three refueling stations, sending flames high into the air. a coalition counterattack killed all but one of the insurgents. the jets cost 200 million, according to arizona sen. john mccain, ranking republican on the armed services committee. he called the attack "perhaps the most brazen and least-reported attack this year." the dead insurgents had spray-paint residue on their faces, suggesting they used the spray as an inhalant to deaden their senses and get them high for a suicide mission. "they came here prepared to die," gurganus said. more than 100 servicemembers responded to the attack, using numerous weapons at the base, including a machine gun taken from the rear of an osprey, a tilt-rotor aircraft. helicopter gunships fired hundreds of rounds at insurgents from the air. one of the marines killed in the attack was the harrier squadron commander, lt. col. christopher raible. he helped lead the counterattack, charging at the insurgents with only his sidearm, mccain said. read the original story: taliban attack may have had pakistan origins
__label__non_math	1.0000	sorry, but you are not permitted to view this page. please remember that you must be logged into a qualified account to access some pages. some resources available only to staff members and or mods. if you are receiving this message, it means you are either not logged into an account with the appropriate permissions. please return once you have signed in with the appropriate credentials. thank you
__label__non_math	0.9942	as much as i was dreading doing it, i had to make a trip to acorn vet hospital to pick up soya the husky so i could return her to afcd only temporarily, of course . with an infectious skin definitely scabies and maybe ringworm too , putting her with other dogs wouldn t be a clever thing to do, and without a foster who doesn t have other pets in the home there seemed to be no choice. the good thing about scabies sarcoptic mange is that it is very easily treatable, and it requires just three injections of ivermectin for the mites to be killed off for good, plus the mites that cause mange in dogs can t live on humans. in all the years that i ve handled all sorts of scabby, crusty and infectious dogs, i think i have only ever once had a tiny patch of ringworm, and that is easily treated just by applying antifungal cream. anyway, i got to acorn and spoke to the vet about soya and the medications she would need, just to see if it would be easy for the afcd staff to administer everything. soya s ears are badly infected and need daily cleaning and ear drops, and i was told they d need re-checking in five days. giving tablets twice a day is one thing, but ear cleaning? unlikely. so i broached the possibility of soya staying at acorn instead of going back to afcd and was told it was no problem, which meant my trip over from lamma had been unnecessary but it was worth it. while i was out i picked up a copy of the south china morning post, something i rarely do i read the newspapers when they come to me as puppy poopy paper, days or weeks old , and saw to my horror a photo of a man, a fur trader, standing next to his booty of dead animals, strung up in bunches complete with heads. this was part of operation santa claus, an annual and very worthwhile fundraiser for children in need, but really, fur? isn t there something really very wrong about promoting a company and product that involves the suffering and murder of animals for vanity and fashion? i immediately sent a letter of disgust to scmp and put the paper, photo facing up, on the balcony for the puppies as soon as i got home. i hope they hit their target. on the subject of puppies, if there s one thing i should have learned over the years of looking after them it s that you should never give tablets wrapped in tasty food by hand, always use a spoon. once again i got a very painful reminder of what i already knew when i got my finger neatly sliced open by some very sharp teeth as the puppy grabbed the offered ball of food, and took my finger with it. damn, damn, damn actually much stronger than that , i must remember never to do that again
__label__non_math	1.0000	la clinica del cari o treats colds and helps fight the cold weather. one sweater, or stocking cap, at a time. warm up the gorge clothing drive calentando el gorge started last week and will continue for one more week, as a way to help the clinic s clients deal with frigid weather. i wish i had started this sooner, said dr. connie serra, a family practice physician at laclinica. i think a lot of people had this same idea, i just took a couple of steps to help it happen. it s going just great, said daniel ward, la clinica director. donations can be made at laclinica offices in hood river or in the dalles see details below . anyone in need of clothing can take items, at no charge, from shelves in the entry way of the clinic. they disappear almost as soon as they are put out, ward said. new coats and other high-quality items have made their way onto the shelves. it s really a good thing. it s very cold, said annamarie alamo of parkdale, who selected some sweatshirts for herself, her child, and her husband. the family arrived from mexico three years ago and are still adjusting to winters in hood river county. the last two weeks harsh weather have been tough on many clients of la clinica, serra said. i see patients who have just arrived from mexico, and some of them have never experienced cold like we ve had. they are way under-dressed. we see it all day long, she said. the people who are in need of warm clothes are generally the same people we treat here at laclinica. i thought, how can we help? she started with her own closet, cleaning out good items that her son, lucas, , had outgrown. she then sent out e-mails to everyone who works at laclinica asking them to donate. they brought in bagloads, and so did some of their friends. clients have also donated items, serra said. from now until friday, anyone can bring clean, gently-used, winter coats, sweaters, gloves, mittens, hats and scarves to the lobby of la clinica in hood river, at 849 pacific ave. a block east of rosauers or la clinica in the dalles, at 425 e. 7th next door to the wasco-sherman health department . child-sized warm things are especially needed.
__label__non_math	0.9960	d antoni: there are so many distractions the lakers have won eight of their past games, including tuesday s -victory against phoenix, which should be a reason to celebrate. but few have noticed the mini milestone amid the constant sideshows. there are so many distractions, it s hard to think about the team, coach mike d antoni said before the game. all you think about are the distractions.
__label__non_math	0.9917	future howard, paul pairing not likely chris paul didn t want to go to orlando. dwight howard didn t want to go to new orleans. but paul and howard knew this much: a little more than a year ago, they wanted to play together. never, however, could they agree on a plan that would unite the nba s best point guard with its best center. both are set to become free agents at the end of this season, raising the question of whether they might make one more effort to team up. the answer from both all-stars: don t count on it. we were trying to play together, but it didn t work out, howard told yahoo i tried to get him to come to new orleans, paul told yahoo we always wanted to play together, howard said of paul. it didn t happen that way. and yet after years of trying to play together, both howard and paul no longer envision such a scenario happening.
__label__non_math	1.0000	do you incorporate defensive transition in your practices or do you just give it lip service and just remind them not to run back on defense with their backs to the ball after they have been burnt by an over the top pass and easy lay up? when teams walk the ball up the court, they are much easier to defend because the defense is able to get its players back into positions near the basket where they can execute pressure denials and traps. however, when teams continuously push the ball up the court and flow into early offense, it can prevent or hinder the best of pre-planned defensive disruption scenarios by forcing the defense to "react" rather than "act or attack." off season and pick-up games create bad defensive transition habits. in these unorganized games, players have a tendency to hang back on offense cherry pick rather than hustle back on defense. as a result, during the season, coaches have their work cut out in establishing good defensive transition habits. good transition defense really starts with good offense. when players take good care of the ball and take good shots along with strong offensive rebounding and defensive balance, it makes it difficult for the opponent to push the ball. however, do not do not leave defensive transition up to chance. defensive transition situations to address gray links indicate premium membership required preventing and limiting fast break opportunities maintaining defensive balance defending out numbered situations missed shot transition missed free throw transition. turnover recovery and making a defensive stop blocked shot recovery
__label__non_math	0.9999	- gift cards little car mini-cup modified sprint silver crown asphalt jr. mini sprint late model dirt mini sprint micro sprint modified limited modified dirt oval track dirt d.o.t. stock car dirt sprint car dirt hoosier drag tires d.o.t. drag radials quick time d.o.t. quick time pro d.o.t. karting atv asphalt quarter midget asphalt oval karting dirt oval karting dirt quarter midget sprint super kart line hose clamps racing tubes liner road racing slicks road racing wets sport car d.o.t. - bias sport car d.o.t. - radial sport car d.o.t. radial wet vintage historic we respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. we may collect personally identifiable information when you visit our site. we also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your ip address, cookie information and the page s you visited. we will not sell your personally identifiable information to anyone. your payment and personal information is always safe. our secure sockets layer ssl software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. it encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet. thanks for giving us the opportunity to service all your racing tire needs. at hoosiertiregp.com our number one priority is delivering to you, our valued customer, the highest quality products in a timely manner at the best prices. orders received before :00p.m. central time are shipped the same day. our shipping options are offered at check out including, ground, day, 2nd and next day service. thanks again for selecting hoosiertireonline.com for all your racing tire needs. when you need to return a product to hoosier tire great plains please follow these instructions so we can serve you better. . call use at 800 651- . have your invoice number ready. you must have a copy of your original receipt to be able to return merchandise. . explain the problem and get a return authorization number. . ship item back prepaid and insured via ups to: . be sure to enclose a note explaining your reason for the return along with the return authorization number and a daytime telephone number so we can contact you if we need to. . hoosier tire . refunds do not include freight and are subject to a restocking fee. . no returns on special order items. . all return authorization number expires day from date issued. . no returns after days. call us at 800-651- toll free prices are subject to change
__label__non_math	0.8903	director of the vascular and endovascular research center, johns hopkins bayview medical center education and experience - damascus university damascus - usc university hospital los angeles ca general surgery - university of north dakota school of medicine grand forks nd general surgery - montefiore medical center - henry and lucy moses div bronx ny vascular surgery - vascular surgery, american board of surgery - general surgery, american board of surgery surgery - vascular surgery - heart and vascular institute director of the vascular and endovascular research center, johns hopkins bayview medical center baylor college of medicine plastic surgery clerkship university of texas houston medical school general surgery externship , catch a shining star, johns hopkins service excellence quarterly winner , catch a shining star, johns hopkins service excellence reward for demonstrating exemplary service excellence and inspiring others to do their best , catch a shining star, johns hopkins service excellence reward for demonstrating exemplary service excellence and inspiring others to do their best , scholar abstract award revascularization with open bypass vs. angioplasty and stenting of the lower extremity trial robust , clinical and translational research and education meeting for the association of clinical research training acrt and society of clinical and translational science scts joint annual meeting april -, , washington, dc, , catch a shining star, johns hopkins service excellence reward , best attending teacher award the johns hopkins physician assistant surgical residency class of , catch a shining star, johns hopkins service excellence reward for demonstrating exemplary service excellence and inspiring others to do their best , catch a shining star, johns hopkins service excellence reward for demonstrating exemplary service excellence and inspiring others to do their best , catch a shining star, johns hopkins service excellence reward for demonstrating exemplary service excellence and inspiring others to do their best johns hopkins university school of medicine: clinical scientist career development award to promote the research career development of young faculty physicians. allocations from this fund are based on a competitive application process which is tied closely to concurrent efforts to obtain external support of research. - abdominal aortic aneurysm - aortic aneurysms - aortic stent-grafts endografts - aortic surgery - arterial occlusive disease - arterial ultrasound - arteriovenous fistulas - arteriovenous malformations - atherosclerosis imaging - cardiovascular disease - cardiovascular disease in women - cardiovascular disease with chronic renal disease - cardiovascular interventions - cardiovascular medicine - cardiovascular surgery - carotid artery disease - carotid artery stenosis - carotid artery stenting - carotid body tumors - carotid endarterectomy - carotid ultrasound - cerebral vascular disease - chronic total coronary occlusion - drug eluting stents - endovascular interventions - endovascular surgery - endovascular therapies - general surgery - heart disease - intermittent claudication - limb salvage revascularization - limb salvage surgery - lower extremity angioplasty - lower extremity revascularization - lower extremity stenting - minimally invasive endovascular aneurysm repair - minimally invasive interventions - minimally invasive radiofrequency ablation - minimally invasive thoracic surgery - peripheral angiography - peripheral arterial aneurysms - peripheral arterial disease - peripheral vascular disease - redo lower extremity vascular reconstruction - renal artery disease - spider veins - subclavian steal syndrome - subclavian stenosis - thoracic aortic aneurysms - thoracic outlet syndrome - treatment of bypass graft disease with distal protection devices - varicose veins - vascular disease - vascular malformations - vascular surgery - vascular ultrasound - venous disease - venous insufficiency - venous thromboembolism - visceral angioplasty - visceral stenting - visceral vessel reconstruction - vnus closure procedure . malas mb, barr ml, starnes va, shapiro s, palmer s, schwartz ds, dyspnea lusoria compression of the pulmonary artery by kommerells diverticulum. ann thorac surg ; : 312-313. . malas mb, katkhouda n, internal hernia as a complication of laparoscopic nissen fundoplication. surg laparosc endosc percutan tech ; : 115-. . wells w, malas mb, baker cj, quardt sm, barr ml, depopulated vena caval homograft: a new venous conduit. j thorac cardiovasc surg ; 126: 498 - 503. . reed t, veith fj, gargiulo nj, timaran ch, ohki t, lipsitz ec, malas mb, wain ra, suggs wd, system to decrease length of stay for vascular surgery. j vasc surg ; : 395-. . timaran ch, ohki t, rhee sj, veith fj, gargiulo nj 3rd, toriumi h, malas mb, suggs wd, wain ra, lipsitz ec, predicting aneurysm enlargement in patients with persistent type ii endoleaks. j vasc surg ; : . . timaran ch, ohki t, veith fj, lipsitz ec, gargiulo nj, rhee sj, malas mb, suggs wd, pacanowsk jp influence of type ii endoleak volume on aneurysm wall pressure and distribution in an experimental model. j vasc surg april ; : 657-. . malas mb, ohki t, veith fj, chen t, lipsitz ec, suggs wd, timaran ch, gargiulo nj, parodi jc, absence of proximal neck dilatation and graft migration following endovascular aneurysm repair with balloon expandable stent-based endograft. j vasc surg october ; : 639-644. . malas mb optimal blood pressure before and after carotid endarterectomy. consultant; december : . . barnnett bp, qazi u, perler ba, malas mb, novel approach to a type i endoleak following a hybrid repair of an arch aortic aneurysm. vasc endovascular surg ; : 389-. . sheffet aj, roubin g, howard g, howard v, moore w, meschia jf, hobson rw 2nd, brott tg, malas mb principle investigator at hopkins , design of the carotid revascularization endarterectomy vs. stenting trial crest . int j stroke ; -. . malas mb, qazi u, perler b, freischlag ja revascularization with open bypass vs. angioplasty and stenting of the lower extremity trial robust . abstract, clin transl sci ; . . sethi a, daher r, thavarajah s, malas mb, anderson, renal artery stenting works in the right patient. am j kidney dis, ; : b99. . janvier a, hamdan h, malas mb, bilateral renal vein thrombosis and subsequent acute renal failure due to ivc filter migration and thrombosis, j clin nephrol ; : 408-412. . malas mb, choo s, qazi u, glebova n, meguid r, reifsnyder t, perler ba, freischlag ja, endovascular treatment of a type iii endoleak and secondary aorta-enteric fistula without explanation of the prior endograft. arch surg. ;146 :. . brott tg, hobson rw, howard g, roubin gs, clark wm, brooks w, malas mb principle investigator at hopkins stenting versus endarterectomy for treatment of carotid artery stenosis. n engl j med ; 363: -. . malas mb, saha s, duncan m, qazi u, perler ba, freischlag ja, veith f, is endovascular stent-graft treatment of primary aorto-esophageal fistula worthwhile? vasc endovascular surg ; : -. . malas mb, freischlag ja, interpretation of the results of over in the context of evar, dream and the eurostar registry seminars in vascular surgery. ; : 165-169. . hassoun h, malas mb, freischlag ja, secondary stroke prevention in the era of carotid stenting: update on the recent trials. arch surg ; 145: 928-935. . mantese va, timaran ch, chiu d, begg rj, brott tg, for the crest investigators. malas mb principle investigator at hopkins the carotid revascularization endarterectomy versus stenting trial crest stenting versus carotid endarterectomy for carotid disease. stroke. ;; suppl :s31-s34. . malas mb, robotham d, qazi u, veith fj, unique endovascular approach to treat common iliac artery aneurysm with contralateral aorto-uni-iliac endograft and a femoral-femoral bypass. j vasc interv radiol december ; l21: . . silver fl, mackey a, clark wm, brooks w, timaran ch, chiu d, goldstein lb, meschia jf, ferguson rd, moore ws, howard g, brott tg, for the crest investigators malas mb principle investigator at hopkins . safety of stenting and endarterectomy by symptomatic status in the carotid revascularization endarterectomy versus stenting trial. stroke. ;:675-. . blackshear jl, cutlip de, roubin gs, hill md, leimgruber pp, begg rj, cohen dj, eidt jf, narins cr, prineas rj, glasser sp, voeks jh, brott tg, for the crest investigators malas mb principle investigator at hopkins . myocardial infarction following carotid stenting and endarterectomy: results from the carotid revascularization endarterectomy versus stenting trial crest . circulation. ;123:. . howard vj, lutsep hl, mackey a, demaerschalk bm, sam ii ad, gonzales nr, sheffet aj, voeks jh, meschia jf, brott tg, for the crest investigators malas mb principle investigator at hopkins . influence of sex on outcomes of stenting versus endarterectomy: results from the carotid revascularization endarterectomy vs. stenting trial crest . the lancet neurology. ;:530-537. . cohen dj, stolker jm, wang k, magnuson ea, clark wm, demaerschalk bm, sam ii ad, elmore jr, weaver fa, aronow hd, goldstein lb, roubin gs, howard g, brott tb, for the crest investigators malas mb principle investigator at hopkins . health-related quality of life after carotid stenting versus carotid endarterectomy: results from the crest trial. journal of the american college of cardiology. ;:. . voeks jh, howard g, roubin gs, malas mb, cohen dj, sternbergh wc, aronow hd, eskandari mk, sheffet aj, lal bk, meschia jf, brott tg, md, for the crest investigators, age and outcomes following carotid stenting and carotid endarterectomy: the carotid revascularization endarterectomy versus stenting trial crest . accepted to stroke, august . . malas mb, sethi a, daher r, thavarajah s, anderson j, does renal artery stenting help patients with near occlusion?. submitted to vascular endovascular surg . malas mb, brown b, qazi u, reed t, xie yj, reifsnyder t, freischlag ja, perler ba, angioplasty and stenting is better than femoral popliteal bypass in tasc b and c superficial femoral artery lesions. in press . new cardiovascular horizons and management of the diabetic foot and wound healing . paraplegia following endovascular aaa repair evar, new orleans, la. sep. . new cardiovascular horizons and management of the diabetic foot and wound healing . using ethiodol to treat thoracic duct injury in a patient with high-output chylous leak after aortic debranching. . new cardiovascular horizons and management of the diabetic foot and wound healing . unique endovascular approach to treat common iliac artery aneurysm with contralateral aorto-uni-iliac endograft and a femoral bypass. new orleans, la. ; sep. . thirty fourth annual veithsymposium external iliac artery to superior mesenteric artery bypass to prevent bowl ischemia prior to endovascular aneurysm repair. new york, ny ; nov. . crest: annual johns hopkins bayview research day. ; dec. . primary aorto-esophageal fistula aef : successful endovascular repair, crt. washington, dc ; feb. . king abdullah university, scientific publication center: advancement in the diagnosis and treatment of peripheral arterial disease and diabetes. jeddah, saudi arabia ; dec. . crest: 2nd annual department of surgery research poster session. ; feb. . johns hopkins bayview research symposium: stenting versus endarterectomy for treatment of carotid-artery stenosis. ; dec. . johns hopkins bay view research symposium: asymptomatic carotid stenosis stenting vs. endarterectomy trial, act . ; dec. . society of vascular surgery vascular annual meeting: differential outcomes of carotid stenting and endarterectomy performed exclusively by vascular surgeons: results from the carotid revascularization endarterectomy vs. stenting trial crest . chicago, il. ; -june. . thirty eighth annual veithsymposium: for sfa tasc b and tasc c lesions, pta and stenting is superior to bypass surgery. new york ; nov. surgical breast diseases", thesis, damascus university, july endovascular treatment of abdominal and thoracic aneurysms, peripheral vascular intervention macrovascular complications in the elderly diabetic , textbook of mens health and aging "endovascular treatment of abdominal aortic aneurysm" john cameron, current surgical therapy 9th edition "miniamlly invasive endovascular surgery ". international priciples of laproscopic surgery . management of reurrent carotid artery stenosis john cameron, current surgical therapy 10th edition abdominal aortic aneurysm and unexpected abdominal pathology john cameron, current surgical therapy 10th edition - teatment of carotid artery stenosis and stroke prevention - renal protection for angioplasty and stenting - clinical outcomes analysis - minimally-invasive endovascular aneurysm repair - device development and complications prevention - molecular biology of intimal hyperplesia and cryopreserved veins grafts - drug-eluting stents to treat lower extremity arterial stenosis candidate, american college of surgeons diplomat, american college of surgeons diplomat group -present fellow, american college of surgeons -present fellow, society of graduate surgeons of los angeles county university of southern california -prsent fellow, international society of vascular surgery -present fellow, european society of vascular surgery candidate, society of vascular surgery candidate group -present fellow, society of vascular surgery fellow -present fellow, peripheral vascular surgery society -present fellow, eastern vascular society
__label__math	0.8260	the overall focus of the judge lab is on translational cardiovascular genetics. we are currently investigating genetics and pathophysiology of arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia arvd , genetic mechanisms of mitral valve disease, and the genetics of inherited cardiomyopathies. dr. daniel p. judge baltimore, md donald w. reynolds foundation jhu ladies in red dana and albert "cubby" broccoli center for aortic diseases dr. judge's laboratory is primarily involved with research regarding the genetic basis for inherited forms of cardiovascular disease. research projects include: eduardo marb n, md, phd peter spooner, phd hugh calkins, md ronald d. cohn, md kathryn r. wagner, md, phd gordon tomaselli, md robert a. levine, md bart loeys, md, phd jeffrey towbin, md, phd nazareno paolocci, phd suneel s. apte, m.b.b.s., d.phil carolyn y. ho, md judge dp, biery nj, keene dr, et al. evidence for a critical contribution of haploinsufficiency in the complex pathogenesis of marfan syndrome. journal of clinical investigation , 114:172-. loeys bl, chen j, neptune er, judge dp, et al, a syndrome of altered cardiovascular, craniofacial, neurocognitive and skeletal development caused by mutations in tgfbr1 or tgfbr2. nature genetics ; :275-. dalal d, ... calkins h, judge, dp. clinical features of arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy due to mutations in plakophilin-. circulation ; 113:. habashi jp , judge dp co-first author ,... and dietz hc. losartan, an at1 antagonist, prevents aortic aneurysm in a mouse model of marfan syndrome. science ; 312:117-. awad mm, dalal d, ..., judge dp. dsg2 mutations contribute to arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia cardiomyopathy. american journal of human genetics, ; :136-. cohn rd, van erp c, habashi jp, ..., judge dp, ward cw, dietz hc. angiotensin ii type receptor blockade attenuates tgf?-induced failure of muscle regeneration in multiple myopathic states. nature medicine, ; :204-210.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the achievable dream -part series - the definitive guide on dvd for planning your motorcycle adventure. get ready so you've done it - got inspired, planned your trip, packed your stuff and you're on the road on the road tire changing ladies on the loose "it has me all fired up to go out on my own adventure we're not a big multi-national company, just two people who love motorcycle travel and have grown a hobby into a full time job and a labour of love. when you decide to become a member, it helps directly support the site. you get additional privileges on the hubb, access to the members private store, and more to come as we roll out new systems. of course, you get our sincere thanks, good karma and knowing you're helping to keep the motorcycle travel dream alive. :- travel booksmotorcycle and travel books to inspire and inform you dvds - watch and learn horizons unlimited presents achievable dream the definitive guide to planning your motorcycle adventure collectors box setall dvds with a custom printed slip case. "the series is 'free' because the tips and advice will save much more than you spend on buying the dvd's." advertisers- horizons unlimited is well-established as the first source of reliable, unbiased information on all aspects of motorcycle travel. we reach a dedicated, worldwide group of real travellers, and are the only website focusing exclusively on long distance motorcycle travellers. if you sell motorcycles or motorcycle accessories, riding gear, camping equipment and clothing, transport motorcycles, organize motorcycle tours, or have motorcycles to rent, you should be advertising with us
__label__non_math	0.7750	join date: may and thought, what the hell, i'll post it here don't know why, but what the hey. maybe someone here has these for sale for cheaper prices or maybe it's just fun to see which films i would choose, given the selection on that site. now, i'm not buying these all at once of course satanic rites of dracula . rasputin the mad monk . trilogy of terror . frankenstein created women . the cat o'nine tails . the day the earth caught fire . fear in the night . to the devil a daughter . theatre of death . the black cat . hell of the living dead . manhattan baby . demons of the mind . the giallo collection yellow box . the devil bat . the bat . the brain that wouldn't die . scared to death . the singing detective . the crazies . two evil eyes le . fright night . night of the living dead millennium edt . re-animator millennium edition . the day the earth stood still . the changeling . carnival of souls criterion . voices from beyond . sisters criterion . shock waves se . the toolbox murders se . first man into space . haunted stranger . island of death ce . strangler of the swamp . unknown island . sister my sister . black sabbath . twitch of the death nerve . and now the screaming starts . crucible of terror . the beast must die . rocketship x-m . lisa and the devil the house of exor . burial ground-night of terrors . sweet house of horrors . blood stained orchids . elsa fraulein ss hell train . the abominable dr. phibes . die monster die . dr. phibes rises again . the fall of the house of usher . the pit and the pendulum . audrey rose . theatre of blood . deranged motel hell 2pack . masque of the red death premature burial . cry of the banshee murders in the . strange case of dr jekyll mr hyde . henry-portrait of a serial killer . kill baby kill . target earth se . kiss of the tarantula . house on haunted hill . join date: may i'm in the eu right now, and deepdiscount is charging me .for each disc shipping shit - looking at my list, i'm paying almost as much for shipping one of these as i would for the disc itself.... anyone know of cheaper ways of shipping these to the eu? i've got like discs in my wishlist at dvdplanet. i use them to make my list but i usually end up ordering from ddd. however, i often find that they don't have everything listed at which point i order from dvd planet , and i can't always remember all the movies i need to see. my total is ., so i'm not too far behind. that is an awesome wishlist i am just waiting for my first shipment from deepdiscountdvd to ship at the moment. now i am thinking that i shoould get a wish list put together from their site. it will make things easier next time. although i am sure that my list will be even longer than yours. hmmm my wishlist is getting long too, theres only a few titles on here i probably wont end up getting too... escape from la ghost of mars big trouble in little china village of the damned angel season april fools day fire and ice lexx all seasons let sleeping corpses lie freddies nightmares june tenebre deep red dario argento col friday after next killer klowns from outer space cotld dont torture a duckling seven blood stained orchids bird with the crystal plumage what have you done to solange cat o'nine tails bird with crystal plumage blood and black lace tales from the crypt demon knight tales from the crypt bordello of blood john carpenter pack the collingwood story gumby box set bill and teds excellent adventure bogus journey doctor who the key to time emanuelle and the last cannibals 24th june the thing 5th aug zombie re-release 26th aug troll troll2 release 26th aug versus 29th july beyond re-animator sept join date: may --village of the damned i want this too but the original. just not much interested in carpenters version. you know, this is one of the best stories for a horror film going - reconstruction from the dead by eating people. however, the lame sfx at the end just ruin it for me. sometimes i just turn it off before it hit the end. not on my list, but it really ought to be. i assume you mean bruce willis? if so, i have the third one which i like, i need the others too. yup, should add that. --tenebre deep red dario argento col i m not a huge fan of deep red, but tenebrae is great. this box is cool. --cotld dont torture a duckling ah, fulci just discussing this. i hate this stupid ass film. oops, hate these too. --doctor who the key to time i want all the dr. who dvd s but i won t pay purchase, but while they stay high, they stay on the shelf. go ahead, make my day join date: jul location: ontario, canada my wish list is in no real order dolls for an august moon black hawk down-disc edition blind fury omega doom blood beast terror blood from the mummy's tomb count yorga, vampire cry of the banshee murders in the rue morgue demons of the mind devil rides out die, monster, die dracula: prince of darkness empire of the ants fall of the house of usher fear in the night flesh and the fiends frankenstein created woman girl who knew too much hammer house of horror - complete television series highlander - the immortal edition horror of frankenstein hitcher in the dark hound of the baskervilles i bury the living incredible hulk returns trial of the incredible hulk legend of the golden vampires lisa and the devil lizard in a woman's skin masque of the red death premature burial my dear killer oblong box scream and scream again once a thief paul verhoeven collection plague of the zombies planet of the vampires rasputin: the mad monk return of the magnificent seven satanic rites of dracula scars of dracula tales of terror theatre of blood theatre of death to the devil... a daughter two evil eyes two mules for sister sara i'm not even going to think about adding them up many of the hammer titles staring lee and cushing i'm going to wait on because there is supposed to be a boxset early next year from ab. my dvd collection "devil on the left an angel on the right there's no mistake who i'll be with tonight" join date: may --blood beast terror me too, shame there are no great releases of this about. but i ll get it anyway. --blood from the mummy's tomb i have this one, one of the lesser efforts of hammer imho --empire of the ants i have these, pure cheese and the worst special effects i own i have this too. great cheesy fun. ray milland on his death bed, but he was still great as the grumpy old man. --hammer house of horror - complete television series just got this recently, great stuff. i should also say thanks for the tip on hammers house of horror tv series box set. i am currently waiting for mine to arrive in the mail next week.
__label__non_math	1.0000	we want your experience on horsechannel to be fun and safe. if you see any entries in the photo gallery or horse profiles that are offensive or obvious attempts at advertising, please submit the information below. heres little hints on holly's personallity. she is a sweet, beautiful, smart, and funny. she loves to spin, slide stop, and she loves lead changing. for some reason i never got to ride holly, probably because she had a lot energy in her but my sister did a lot. she once told me that she loved lead changing so much that whenever my sister rode her, she kept changing and changing. i have the same love for her that i have for quincy. she was the best mare paint i have ever had. she loved her pasture buddies, lacy, and ukia. she kida reminds me of quincy please take a congrates to our new hotm for june princess shawnie. a very kind owner and horse. very helpful, and beautiful from the inside and outside. please vote for the horses running for july hotm: fdf cherokee maiden hollywood dixie danny thanks for the votes, support, and love. by the way love you all
__label__non_math	0.9889	two rednecks were looking at a sears catalog and admiring the models. one says to the other, 'have you seen the beautiful girls in this catalog?' the second one replies, 'yes, they are very beautiful. and look at the price
__label__non_math	0.9868	i have had her in a copper snaffle tom-thumb for the last years, and she has finally figured out how to work around it. she began pushing right through, pulling the reins into her mouth with her lower lip and yanking the rein away from me, etc so i decided to try something different. i just recently put her in a curb bit very low curb and she took to it amazing. she is much more responsive, and is that much closer to being finished. i wanted to get a few opinions though...since i am starting her training in reining, what is a suggested bit to use? she has a very soft mouth and i have a very light hand, so the curb may be a bit harsh but it is working great for both of us since it is being worked with correctly. i've seen professionals use all different bits from the normal tom-thumb to very fancy high curb bits. i was just wondering what everyday people trainers think about what would be a good bit to use, and if it is alright to train into reining with the bit i have on her now since she is doing so well. anything helps, thank you so much here is a picture of the bit i have her in now: roller curb bit and here are a few pics of bits that i have seen others using:
__label__non_math	1.0000	friday, meadowlands meet begins with a bang a seven-week engagement of live thoroughbred racing kicks off tuesday, sept. at the meadowlands. the -day meet runs through saturday, nov., with live racing six days a week. post time is p.m. monday - wednesday, and p.m. thursday - saturday. the grade ii meadowlands cup on friday, oct. , headlines an action-packed opening week. probable starters for the race include belmont winner da'tara and grade iii pegasus champion actin good. trained by bobby dibona, actin good posted his first win in five starts this season in an allowance on sept. at monmouth. also expected to run are shopton lane, who swept the formal gold and skip away stakes this year at monmouth, and indy wind, two-time winner of the alysheba stakes at the meadowlands. as part of the meadowlands cup night festivities, the three jockeys who dueled in the inaugural breeders' cup classic - pat day, angel cordero, jr. and laffit pincay, jr. - will be on hand to greet fans and sign autographs. plus, lucky fans and their guests will win dinner with the hall of fame jockeys in pegasus restaurant that night. entry forms are available in the meadowlands program and web site fans can also enter by e-mailing with the subject line "legends tour dinner" and should include their name, address and phone number in the e-mail. winners will be drawn tuesday, sept. . the week kicks off tuesday, sept. with free grandstand and clubhouse admission. on thursday, oct. , all paid admissions after p.m. receive a free grandstand pass valid for the entire thoroughbred meet. gas card giveaways are featured every friday night through nov. . each week, winners will receive a ,000, ,000 gas cards. drawing entry blanks will be available in the racing program, regional newspapers and guest service locations. a handicapping tournament caps off the week on saturday, oct. . the top three finishers earn entry into the drf ntra national handicapping championship at red rock casino in las vegas. contestants must register by friday, october to compete. entry form and rules are available at meadowlands thoroughbred meet at a glance read more articles in the meadowlands category.
__label__non_math	0.9999	hop inn on carnarvon operating with branches located in central tst. we are pleased to offer you a comfy, modern and clean, yet affordable, living space while offering friendly and helpful service. voted the no. most popular hong kong hostel by hostelworld tripadvisor 's traveler 's choice winner - top budget hotel tripadvisor 's traveler 's choice winner - trendiest hotel tripadvisor 's certificate of excellece voted the no.hong kong hostel by hostelworld voted the no.hong kong hostel by hostelworld hop inn is a cozy hostel designed with independent travelers from around the world in mind. each room is designed and transformed into living artwork by a different talented local artist. hop inn is more than just lodging -- hop into a living art space our hostel requires deposit for booking reservation. deposits are non-refundable even in the case of cancellation. should the guests, for any reasons, need to make a cancellation, it should be made at least hours before the planned arrival, or for late cancellations or no-shows, of the booked stay will be charged. bookings over the internet email must be cancelled via the respective channel. availability ratesto view availability and prices please select dates and click 'update dates' - hour reception - hour security - air conditioning - bicycle parking - board games - book exchange - common room - fax service - free city maps - free internet access - free wifi - hair dryers - hot showers - house keeping - internet access - key card access - linen included - luggage storage - outdoor terrace - postal service - safety deposit box - tours travel desk - towels included cancellation policythis property has a day cancellation policy. failure to cancel within this time will result in a cancellation charge equal to the first night of your stay. must-read hostel infothis property has specific terms conditions. cancellations policy: our hostel requires deposit for booking reservation. deposit is non-refundable. reservation can be cancelled until hours before planned arrival. for later cancellations or no-shows, of the booked stay is charged. bookings over the internet email must be cancelled via the respective channel. directionsshow maphide map hop inn on carnarvon from airport mins : airport bus a21 get off at cameron road stop bus stop no. walk south right on nathan road turn east left at the 2nd intersection onto humphreys ave cross the -way intersection go straight onto hart ave the hostel entrance is in the building next to -eleven. airport express to kowloon station take the free shuttle k3 to hyatt regency hotel take the lift to g f entrance turn northwest left onto hanoi road turn northeast right onto carnarvon road turn east right onto hart ave the hostel entrance is at the opposite side of the road in the building next to -eleven. tsim sha tsui station mins - exit a2 go east straight ahead on humphreys ave cross the -way intersection go straight onto hart ave the hostel entrance is in the building next to -eleven. east tsim sha tsui station mins - exit n2 go northwest straight ahead on hanoi road turn northeast right onto carnarvon road turn east right onto hart ave the hostel entrance is at the opposite side of the road in the building next to -eleven. from hunghom train station - through train to from china mins : go to the main terminal lobby take the west rail line direction of tuen mun get off at east tsim sha tsui station follow direction above. from china macau ferry terminal mins : turn south right at the terminal building s main entrance walk along canton road turn east left onto haiphong road pass nathan road intersection onto humphrey ave cross the -way intersection go straight onto hart ave the hostel entrance is in the building next to -eleven. located in the heart of the historical tsim sha tsui district, nestled among star hotels. a -minute walk takes you to the breathtaking victoria harbour, the monumental cultural centre the art museum. harbour city, ocean terminal shopping centres, shops along nathan road are all steps away. hungry? many superb restaurants of international cookery nearby. hop inn is also about action - we are a short distance to the fun night life, but yet far enough from the noise and bustle at night.
__label__non_math	1.0000	anacapri is located just opposite the beach and has sea views over falmouth bay. the cliffs and headland, boats and ships are an ever-changing scene. pendennis castle is just minutes walk and close by is a beautiful lake with swans, ducks and all forms of wildlife. in short, the area is idyllic. the town and station are just five minutes walk away and the cobbled streets are a hive of activity. nearby points of interest - national maritime museum .mi - just minutes walk-the museum has various exhibitions all year round - eden project mi - the famous eden project -a living theatre of plants and people.situated in st austell which is a minute drive. - trebah gardens mi - an amzing place with a fine collection of plants from all over the world.a wooded ravine descends 200 feet to a private secluded beach on the helford rover.sub tropical ferns mingle with rhodedendrons and magnoliasan .a wild extravagant and exciting place. mins drive. from truro a39 follow the signposts to falmouth. at the crossroads traffic lights wine warehouse on your left continue straight over the lights to mini roundabout - straight over to another mini roundabout - straight over - we are then the 5th turning on the right which is gyllyngvase road. at this point you will see the sea and we are situated on the right. falmouth town the dell train station. turn right out of the carpark and up the hill avenue road . at the top go straight over and we are on the right gyllyngvase road .
__label__non_math	1.0000	hotel description motel washington dc sw-springfield, va great value at this redesigned modern hotel, with interior corridors and 190 rooms within floors. all rooms have been totally renovated and feature contemporary furniture, new bathrooms, coffee maker, hairdryer and iron board. meal service description there is an abundance of dining choices nearby. hotel has on-site snack center vending. comments from hotel hotel location description motel washington dc sw-springfield, va located in suburban springfield, less than miles southwest of downtown d.c.. the hotel is miles from the white house and smithsonian. ronald reagan national airport is miles away.
__label__non_math	1.0000	hotels in artemisio - hotels.com offers great last-minute artemisio hotels deals and discount room rates. our hotels in artemisio can easily be booked online. our fast online search facility allows you to: - - find and compare different hotels in artemisio by star rating, amenities, theme, or brand - - choose the perfect artemisio hotel and view room rates, hotel details, guest reviews and photos - - securely book your hotel room online today - - receive email and text confirmations with reservation details of your online hotel booking
__label__non_math	1.0000	situated in lagos, la playa suites is connected to a shopping center and close to palms shopping mall, kuramo beach, and bar beach. also nearby are ikoyi golf club and ikoyi club golf course. la playa suites has an outdoor pool and a fitness facility. wireless internet access is complimentary in public areas. business amenities include a -hour business center and small meeting rooms. dining options at this business-friendly hotel include a restaurant, a poolside bar, and a bar lounge. on select days the hotel offers a complimentary manager's reception. the staff can provide event catering and currency exchange. additional amenities include a concierge desk, barbecue grills, and laundry facilities. for a surcharge, guests receive transportation including a roundtrip airport shuttle available on request and an area shuttle within km. guest parking is complimentary. rooms have pool views. the air-conditioned guestrooms at la playa suites include cd players and minibars. beds have memory foam mattresses, egyptian cotton sheets, and premium bedding. guests can use the in-room complimentary wireless high-speed internet access. televisions are equipped with premium satellite channels, free movie channels, and dvd players. all accommodations provide desks, safes, and phones. bathrooms offer showers with handheld showerheads, makeup shaving mirrors, and complimentary toiletries. in-room refrigerators and complimentary bottled water are provided. additional amenities include windows that open and blackout drapes curtains. in addition, housekeeping is offered daily and amenities available on request include microwaves.
__label__non_math	0.9991	non-smoking rooms, refrigerator, cable satellite tv, microwave, hair dryer, tv, towels, shared bathroom, shower, family room elevator lift, hour reception, banquet facilities, safe-deposit box, meeting rooms, desk, ticket service, luggage storage high-speed internet is available at this hotel. wireless internet on site. parking is available. there is an airport shuttle that runs from the hotel.
__label__non_math	0.9993	room service, restaurant, pet friendly, bar lounge, air conditioned, non-smoking rooms, mini bar, refrigerator, cable satellite tv, coffee tea maker, microwave, hair dryer, complimentary toiletries, tv, bathrobes, shower, en suite, private bathroom, cots tour desk, massage beauty centre, sauna, bath hot tub, spa bath jacuzzi, garden, jacuzzi, massage, spa wellness centre business center, concierge, elevator lift, hour reception, dry cleaning, banquet facilities, conference room s , currency exchange, multilingual staff, safe-deposit box, security guard, secretarial service, porters, wake-up service, meeting rooms, laundry service, photocopier, desk, ballroom, luggage storage high-speed internet is available at this hotel. wireless internet on site. valet parking is offered at the hotel. there is an airport shuttle that runs from the hotel.
__label__non_math	1.0000	welcome back to hotelsmag.com if you have already registered, please login below.
__label__non_math	1.0000	whether you are looking for splashbacks or shower screens, hotfrog is the place to go to. browse the businesses below in bankstown, nsw or extend your search to nearby suburbs by using the left navigation menu. hotfrog makes your search easier. see your business here be chosen by customers first with your ad at the top of pages like this. find out more aaa glass splashbacks glass splashbacks specialist victoria glass splashbacks, splashback specialist victoria glass splashbacks, kitchen splashback specialist victoria glass splashbacks, bathroom splashback specialist victoria glass splashba kitchen splashbacksglass splashbacks instant glass repairs sydney instant glass repairs 24hour 365days a years call now on 540 540 we cater to all your broken glass needs from windows to slidingdoors, mirrors, shower screens, splashbacks, cut to size. service to all areas glass replacementtable topsmirrorssafety glass
__label__math	0.5923	icet results will be published in bharatstudent.com shortly read this article hotklixed months ago by kevin petersen
__label__non_math	1.0000	meet an indian model who none of you may have heard of. yet, this dusky indian beauty has posed topless in innumerable photo shoots. her name is kristna saika and she gained fame after posing for one of the top photographers of our time, yatin dandekar. check out kristna's raunchy topless photos and drool over this hot babe. vidya balan, the new bride of bollywood has stunned her fans by going bold again. after her bold role as silk smitha in dirty picture, the oh la la girl has turned into a bold seductress at a recent photo shoot. vidya has recently tied the knot with ceo of utv motion pictures, siddharth roy kapur. over the months we have watched sonam kapoor step out in different styles and outfits that have most of the times left us in awe and jealous although some of her outfits left us puzzled but lets not go into that today.we have put together a jan to dec gallery for you all sonam kapoor fans to drool and admire. sonam kapoor dazzles in some of her gowns and even manages to look cool in casual wear. bollywood celebrities have been busy jet setting around the world in . while we can just get in and out of the airport without anyone taking any photos of us its different story for celebs who always have photographers chasing them. bipasha basu launched her fitness dvd breakfree on bigg boss today. for the big event, she chose to wear a beaded dress from surily goel's wifw fever collection . high heeled sandals red nails completed her look. she kept her hair and make up simple. the short outfit accentuates her toned legs and makes her look super hot
__label__non_math	1.0000	- everything for hot tubs spas - spa parts, repair and troubleshooting - pool spa bath china 2010 you never wanna miss results to of china guangzhou international pool spa bath technology and facilities trade fair2010, organized by guangdong association for cultural industry promotion,the guangdong enterprises association for foreign economic cooperation and hongkong grandeur international exhibition group limited and hosted by guangzhou grandeur exhibition service co.ltd and shanghai grandeur exhibition planning co,ltd, is the largest and most professional one in china. the fair will be held at china import export commdities fair pazhou complex the largest exhibition hall in china which is in guangzhou,china on march to .there are several reasons that you don want to miss this pageant: .great demand of pool spa bath equipment.the asian games will be held at guangzhou,so there will be a great demand of pool spa bath equipment for the construction and modernzation of stadiums in guangzhou and its surrounding cities. .valuable tips from professionals.here,professionals from china and other countries will give you useful suggestions about how to make decisions and run your company. .knowing about industrial trends and market prospects of pool spa bath industries.it will help you survive and thrive in the competitive world. .gateway to the chinese market. seize the chances,and become a superstar in pool spa bath market. for more information,please contact ms.kung: all times are gmt -. the time now is .
__label__non_math	1.0000	racers, start your engines
__label__non_math	0.9953	within hours of booking, if you find a lower rate for an identical booking, we'll pay you the difference between the rates. hotels near and far with over ,000 hotels worldwide, we offer a variety of locations, rooms, amenities, and deals. just enter your destination above, find the hotel that suits your needs, and save big. hotel savings are based on actual hotwire hot rate bookings made in the past month. savings are based on lowest published rates found on leading retail sites. prices are dynamic and vary based on date of booking, length of itinerary, and type of product booked. there is no guarantee that these savings or rates will be in effect at the time of your search. availability is limited. . rates from prices represent hotwire hot rate deals found in the last hours for a specific date range. prices may no longer be available and will vary based on your desired travel dates. prices are dynamic and there is no guarantee that prices displayed will be available until they are booked. . savings based on lowest published rate we've found on leading retail travel sites in the last -hours for the same neighborhood, star rating, and stay dates. availability is limited and rates are subject to change. prices are dynamic and vary based on date of booking, length of stay and hotel class. there is no guarantee that these prices will be in effect at the time of your search. prices do not include taxes and fees. hotwire is different from retail travel sites. with hotwire you enter the date and location. hotel revealed only after booking.
__label__non_math	0.9993	take a look at this snapshot from health canada's website fact sheet entitled healthy lawn tips. - although it may look untidy, leave grass clippings on your lawn when you mow it to provide nutrient recycling. - aerate compacted soil in the fall to help oxygen, water and nutrients reach roots. - over-seed patchy areas. - in heavy traffic areas, replace grass with mulch or paving stones. - check your lawn for early signs of pests and other problems such as holes caused by small animals digging for insects. - set your mower so that your grass is seven to eight cm high to encourage deeper roots and help fend off weeds. - water infrequently, but when you do, make sure you allow the water to get deep into the soil about .centimetres to promote deep roots. over-watering starves the soil of oxygen and invites disease. apply at least .centimetres of water. put a container on your lawn to measure how much you've watered. an empty tuna can is about the right height. - maintain good soil with ample depth and organic matter to prevent problems. - if physical control methods fail and you use a pesticide, be sure the one you pick lists the pest you are trying to control on the label, and follow all the instructions. more information is available online at fact sheets include starting a lawn, lawn maintenance, life of a lawn and common lawn problems.
__label__non_math	0.9999	retired calgary speedskater kristina groves is one of canada's most successful international athletes. she's a four-time olympic medallist and three-time ,500-metre world cup champion. she is also a community advocate and has been for some time. for many years, she has been an ambassador for right to play and clean air champions. the former focuses on improving the lives of children in the most disadvantaged areas of the world through sport, while the latter is a school-based program educating children about climate change and active transportation. more recently, groves' community activities have turned to sustainability, including a bed-in in the front window of the obasan organic mattress boutique. her give green a chance initiative captured the attention of yoko ono, who originated bed-ins for world peace with her late husband, john lennon of the beatles. ono sent an email to the speedskater: "kristina, congratulations for your wisdom and courage. i love you we talked to groves about her calgary home. here is what she had to say: question: which room is your favourite? and why? i love the living room which is connected to the kitchen, because it's warm and combines vintage with modern. it is totally livable. it contains some of my favourite things, many of which have been given to me by family and friends. i love the room because almost everything in it has a story, is unique in some way or has special meaning. question: who designed the room? i've spent years doing and redoing various projects in the room, with some degree of success. i replaced the ugly old brick on the fireplace with terracotta tiles when we first moved in, and did a reasonable job, but it wasn't perfect. you could tell it was a diy, so recently i had a tiler come and redo it professionally. i enlisted the help of lori andrews with lori andrews interiors for a consultation to get some ideas on bringing it all together. she suggested painting the whole house white, which had a dramatic effect, making the room both bigger and brighter. she also gave fabric suggestions for chairs and curtains and furniture placement. question: what kind of things do you like to do in the room? mostly, we groves lives with her longtime partner scott maw, who is a strength and physiology consultant for the canadian sport centre in calgary entertain guests and relax. we don't have a tv, so entertainment consists mostly of listening to music or the radio, or some vinyl on a sweet old turntable i picked up at the goodwill. sometimes, we watch movies on the computer or take naps on the sofa. question: what are your favourite pieces of furniture? my tastes have changed a lot in recent years. i'm more interested in investing in timeless furniture. i really love mid-century modern and scandinavian design - i think due to being half norwegian, as well as a love of simple, beautiful things. i bought two beautiful, vintage danish teak armchairs off kijiji a few years ago. i had them refinished and reupholstered. the fabric has a beige base and gold mustard leaves and vines. it took a long time to find the right fabric, but also to save my pennies because getting them refinished is definitely not cheaper than buying new. but now i love them and they will last a lifetime. i love the coffee table. my friend and former speedskater-turned-fire-fighter, neal marshall, who is also a journeyman carpenter, built us a coffee table we designed from a photo of a table i saw on etsy. it's solid walnut and works perfectly in the room. he also made us a wonderful custom-made window bench that makes great use of our limited space. i also really love the "mantle" above the fireplace. it's actually the base part of an antique pool cue holder that i saw at an antique shop in nanton, alta., years ago. at the time, i remarked it would make a neat tealight holder. a few months later, scott went back and tore apart the store to find it and gave it to me for my birthday. the tealights fit perfectly. question: what were the challenges? it's a pretty small room and the fireplace cuts off one of the corners of the room, leaving minimal furniture placement options. we had to come up with some creative solutions when we have more than a couple of people over. the sliding benches helped with that. question: what would you change about the room if you could? the only thing i would change is actually impossible to do in this house. we only have windows on one side of the house the units all fit back-to-back . thankfully, we face south, but it's still a little bit dark at times. i would love to have more natural light. we did install a solatube skylight in the kitchen, which helped a lot, and we painted the whole house in a warm white - which also brightened things up - but i would still like more sunlight. question: do you think of it as your room? i don't really think of it as anyone's room, but i'd say i had more to do with the decorating process than scott did. he's pretty tired of me doing house projects all the time, so i think he's looking forward to everything being done. i think of it as our room and we enjoy it together. question: what do you like about calgary? we really like how close we are to everything - the university and olympic oval, where we both work; the c-train is a short walk; and it's close to bike paths, shopping and pretty much every amenity is within walking distance. i also love that we are super close to varsity estates park, which is kind of like our backyard. and what i really like about living in calgary is that it has allowed me to do my sport at the best speed-skating facility in the world. calgary is a winter sport powerhouse and i love that.
__label__non_math	0.9836	empress, on , , said: iom property prices are standing up reasonably well but it looks a position that is at more risk than people seem to realise. i get the impression there's a local attitude that always assumes that manx property never falls or that the economy here may never be in doubt. in my opinion and im no expert and merely wish to add my tuppeneth worth, i think the market is potentially vastly overvalued and could be in for some serious correction. without financial services the island would have little future. however,given the rising tax burden on the mainland and eire,there are likley to be a lot of people arriving methinks. house prices have moderated a lot where you get a forced seller.everyone else is jsut sat there doing viewings blaming greed for a banking crisis is like blaming gravity for an airplane crash. injin a rare moment of clarity red kharma, on may - , said: most gold buyers will get creamed, eventually and for the very reasons they think they won't.
__label__non_math	0.9455	posted november - kraft, on november - , said: britain joins the euro. then what? we give away more money in exchange for more regulation and more laws. five myths about margaret thatcher: far too much nonsense is being spoken about lady thatcher s time in office. here is my take on five key myths. myth : popularity thatcher won .per cent of the vote in , .per cent per cent in and .per cent per cent in , landslide results that contemporary politicians can only dream of. her opinion polls today remain extremely strong: yougov polling finds that she is deemed the greatest post- prime minister, and that per cent believe she was a great or a good pm, against per cent who said she was poor or terrible. even in the north, per cent approve, against per cent who don t; only in scotland is the balance against her. yes, many hated her but lots loved her, and the majority of today s public approves. myth : public spending total managed expenditure went up modestly in real terms during her time in office, with spending higher on areas such as the nhs, but the state s overall share of gdp diminished substantially. public spending, on the treasury s measure, fell from .per cent of gdp in , to .per cent of gdp in , a .percentage point decline. the real extent of the fall is masked by the bitter recession of the early 1980s as she weaned the uk from extreme levels of inflation. spending rose to a peak of .per cent of gdp by , the economy battered by soaring unemployment, before being slashed. the peak to trough reduction in spending was .per cent of gdp, though it is slightly exaggerated by the unsustainable growth in the last couple of years caused by lord lawson s cheap money bubble. in theory, david cameron wants to cut public spending from .per cent of gdp in to .per cent of gdp in , an achievement which would be truly thatcherite; but such a reduction looks unlikely to materialise because of his inability to introduce thatcher-style supply-side reforms and marginal tax rate cuts. myth : coalmining far more miners lost their jobs in the 1960s, especially under labour s harold wilson and far more mines shut than in the 1980s. in , 605,000 miners produced 196.7m tonnes of coal. by , 289,000 miners produced 144.7m tonnes; by , 235,200 miners extracted 123.3m tonnes. by the time she left office, ,000 miners extracted .6m tonnes. manufacturing production rose by .per cent per cent during thatcher s time in office, nailing another lie, with industrial production going up even faster. myth : economic performance thatcher s supply-side reforms worked. the economy grew .per cent a year in the 1950s, .per cent a year in the 1960s, .per cent in the 1970s, .per cent in the 1980s under thatcher, before expanding by .per cent in the 1990s when her legacy remained and by .per cent in the 2000s, according to an analysis by sam williamson of the university of illinois. myth : tax cuts. there are some who point to the fact that the total tax take under thatcher increased from .per cent of gdp in to .per cent as proof that she wasn t a real tax-cutter. that is nonsense. she raised value added tax substantially, but her massive cuts to income and corporation tax were hugely important and beneficial. the increase in the tax take was caused primarily by the rebound in growth in later years and was slightly exaggerated, once again, by the lawson bubble . by allister heath
__label__non_math	0.9536	conservatories - of the best french dining room if space allows, turn a large conservatory into a luxurious dining room for more formal dining occasions. to recreate this french look, choose a soft stone floor along with pale paint and distressed cream furniture. a large mirror enhances light and space, while the careful placement of spotlights, wall lanterns, side lamps and a large table candle creates a variety of intimate evening lighting options. chosen by homes gardens photograph by vale garden houses
__label__non_math	0.9999	if you have a wound that won't heal, you are not alone. as many as million americans experience this condition. the good news is that you no longer have to suffer. what causes non-healing wounds? the wound clinic of community howard regional health system provides treatment for chronic or non-healing wounds. these time-tested and clinically proven treatments realize outstanding results. chronic and non-healing wounds can result from a number of factors, including diabetes, poor circulation, trauma, surgery, vascular disease and immobility which can lead to pressure ulcers, commonly known as bed sores . people with diabetes are at particular risk. the wound clinic not only uses among the most advanced therapies available for healing, but it also addresses the underlying cause of the wound for example, nutrition, lack of exercise, hygiene, ill-fitting shoes to help eliminate recurrence. why is wound care important? sores or wounds that do not get significantly better during conventional treatment can cause health risks and may result in life-threatening infections -- possible amputation and debilitating health problems. are you a candidate? if you have a sore or wound that hasn t started to get significantly better in a month or healed entirely in two months, ask your doctor about our wound clinic outpatient program. if you are a candidate, the wound clinic will work with you and your doctor to provide: - advanced therapies. - proven clinical protocols. - an individualized, comprehensive plan of care that brings you the most appropriate and effective treatments for your particular needs. - assessment and ongoing care by our highly skilled team of wound care specialists, including a case manager who will oversee every aspect of your case. - thorough training for you and your family on caring for the wound at home. - education materials and resources related to prevention, nutrition, hygiene and other key topics for you and your family. - ongoing communication so that you and your doctor stay informed and up-to-date on all aspects of your healing. it is not necessary to have a physician referral to come to the wound clinic and unlike many wound care centers, you will always be seen by a physician. frequently asked questions community howard regional health system wound clinic 408 east southway boulevard kokomo, indiana
__label__non_math	0.9988	someone made frosting that tastes like chocolate cheesecake. ugh. this is just great. someone who has quite the fixation with cheesecake. someone who started eating the frosting and the cupcakes and the sprinkles and sixteen more spoonfuls of frosting and didn t take a solitary photograph until multiple cupcakes were consumed. someone who completely forgot about even snapping one shot until the next day. someone is in trouble. and someone needs a life. only so much chocolate cheesecake frosting can be consumed in minutes. and it s still not enough. the worst part is that the cupcakes are pretty darn scrumptious too. the general consensus from the taste testers? cupcakes that taste like girl scout tagalongs. sweet. someone doesn t hate it. especially when one of those testers stacked together a double cheeseburger and topped it with salty, grilled kielbasa yesterday then claimed that he didn t want to waste the calories from the vanilla ice cream offering i presented. innnnnteresting. instead he asked, what about those peanut butter cupcakes you made last week? now that i can handle. even if he did plan on stuffing one in his i m-asking-for-a-heart-attack burger. peanut butter cupcakes makes about cupcakes cup butter, softened cup creamy peanut butter teaspoons vanilla extract teaspoon baking powder cup peanut butter chips morsels preheat oven to 350 degrees f. cream butter and peanut butter together in the bowl of an electric mixer until smooth and creamy. add sugar and eggs and beat together until fluffy. add vanilla and mix for another minute or so. combine dry ingredients in a bowl. add half of the dry ingredients, mixing until just combined. add the milk. once mixed, add remaining dry ingredients. fold in peanut butter morsels. pour into cupcake tins and fill of the way full. bake for -minutes at 350. let cool, then frost. chocolate cheesecake frosting cup butter, softened block cream cheese ounces , softened tablespoon vanilla extract cups powdered sugar cup dark cocoa powder -tablespoons milk, if needed in the bowl of an electric mixer, beat butter and cream cheese together until smooth. add in vanilla. with the mixer on low speed, slowly add powdered sugar cup at a time and add cocoa powder, increasing the speed to mix. if the frosting it a bit too thick, add milk teaspoon at a time, until desired consistency is reached. if it is too thin, add additional sugar gradually. frost cupcakes once cooled. top with chocolate sprinkles. p.s i topped fresh strawberry cupcakes with this frosting. mmmmm. i thought i died. p.p.s did you see some of these fabulous blogs?
__label__non_math	0.8148	centos .server setup: lamp, email, dns, ftp, ispconfig a.k.a. the perfect server - page on to the network settings. the default setting here is to configure the network interfaces with dhcp, but we are installing a server, so static ip addresses are not a bad idea... click on the edit button at the top right. in the window that pops up uncheck configure using dhcp and give your network card a static ip address in this tutorial i'm using the ip address 192.168..100 for demonstration purposes : set the hostname manually, e.g. server1.example.com, and enter a gateway e.g. 192.168.. and up to three dns servers e.g. .214.171.124, 126...199, and 188..131. : i want to install ispconfig at the end of this tutorial which comes with its own firewall. that's why i disable the default centos firewall now. of course, you are free to leave it on and configure it to your needs but then you shouldn't use any other firewall later on as it will most probably interfere with the centos firewall . selinux is a security extension of centos that should provide extended security. in my opinion you don't need it to configure a secure system, and it usually causes more problems than advantages think of it after you have done a week of trouble-shooting because some service wasn't working as expected, and then you find out that everything was ok, only selinux was causing the problem . therefore i disable it this is a must if you want to install ispconfig later on . click on proceed: select the default language for the system and add further languages, if necessary: choose your time zone: give root a password: now we are to select the package groups we want to install. select editors, text based internet, server configuration tools, web server, mail server, dns name server, ftp server, mysql database, development tools, administration tools and system tools and click on next: click on next to start the installation: the hard drive is being partitioned: the installation begins. this will take a few minutes: finally, the installation is complete, and you can remove your cd from the computer and reboot it: now, on to the configuration...
__label__non_math	0.9207	i'm having a bit of problem receiving, but i think it's my config setting at my dns service. the first thing i did to be able to send was open port 110 and on my ap router as well as my dsl modem. these might be able to help you troubleshoot your configuration. email smtp test utility: mailbox pop3 test utility:
__label__non_math	0.8949	i cannot delete an icon on my desktop. this is the error message which appears when i try to delete or move the icon to another location recycle bin or a folder on my desktop: "could not find this item. this is no longer in c:. verify the items location and try again." i have tried to remove the icon by running system restore to a date prior to the down load to the program, to no avail. i also tried to delete the icon in safe mode, to no avail. thank you for any suggestions
__label__non_math	0.9937	the windows vista start menu search box is one of my favorite features in vista, but searching can be pretty slow if you have a lot of personal files, because by default the start menu search also searches files, windows contacts, windows mail, history, and favorites. you can customize the search results returned in the start menu search box to only return the results that you want. i personally only want to use the start menu search to pull up applications, so i disabled everything else. to configure this setting, right click on the start button and select properties. click the customize button, and you can scroll down to the search checkboxes. for best results, change the search files radio button to don t search for files . the start menu is too small to find files anyway. this will speed up searching immensely. here s the details on what the other options do: - search should disable the search entirely, but doesn t seem to remove the search box. note: this option is removed in service pack . - search communications disables searching through emails and contacts. as far as i can tell, it s only windows mail and windows contacts right now. i assume other applications will eventually be included here. i disabled this since i don t use either product. - search favorites and history searches through your ie favorites and browser history. - search files you can change this to search all files, or just your home directory. or disable entirely for speed. - search programs searches through the start menu and applications. you can customize to your liking. programmer by day, geek by night, the geek, also known as lowell heddings, spends all his free time bringing you fresh geekery on a daily basis. you can follow him on google if you'd like. - published
__label__math	0.5178	hp systems insight manager was running fine, but now i receive error messages in the console, such as authentication failure, and error accessing database when trying to run hp systems insight manager. solution: in order to resolve this issue, be sure that the dns server correctly associates the network address used by hp systems insight manager with the hostname of the cms. if it you are using a dhcp server to assign the cms ip address you should statically allocate the ip address. you cannot change the hostname of the hp systems insight manager. from the command line, i have entered mxmib -f shipping cfgs not preloaded.txt , and i receive the error the following is an invalid argument value: cfgs. solution: the command mxmib cannot handle spaces. place the file name in quotes, for example, enter mxmib -f "shipping cfgs not preloaded.txt" the command mxagentconfig -a cmsname -p password unknown hostname: 'cmsname' solution: for verification purposes, use nslookup cmsname to test the network name resolution on the managed system. to correct the problem, setup a network name resolution properly on the managed system by adding cms information to the managed system etc hosts file. fails with: unknown host: systemname system to test the network name resolution on the cms. solution: setup network name resolution properly on the cms. i am receiving a message, another user is currently using mxmib, please try again. how do i resolve this? solution: this is expected behavior. run mxmib -r to clear the interlock. mxmib allows me to compile a mib with a different file name, but the same internal module name already exists and is a compiled mib. this is causing inconsistency in the database. solution: the module name and file name must be consistent. if the names do not match, it causes potential corruption. if attempting to compile a mib that already exists in the database, the cli message states that it is importing even though it is actually updating. a cluster is not identified as a cluster. solution: if a cluster is not being defined as a cluster or any of its nodes are not being identified correctly, be sure all the cluster management agents are installed if necessary reinstall on every cluster node of that cluster. after manually adding a system as a cluster, the system type does not change even if the system is not a cluster. solution: if you manually add a system as a cluster, the system type might not change even if the system was not a cluster to begin with. to reset the system type, you should delete the system and run discovery. clusters or cluster nodes are not identified correctly. solution: clusters or cluster nodes might not be found for the following reasons: be sure the ip ranges in automatic discovery are set to include the cluster and cluster nodes and not exclude them . if there has been a name change of the cluster or its node, be sure the dns servers being used by the cluster and hp systems insight manager both have the new name. the cluster node might be down. the cluster node has insight agents older than version .. the insight agents are not running on the cluster node. the snmp agents are not running on the cluster node. the network traffic is swamping the network for a significant time period. the cluster management agents must be running on all the cluster nodes. the system must be identified as a server or cluster in order for cluster identification to run against that system during discovery. the cluster monitor does not display cluster resources for specific clusters or cluster nodes. solution: this can result from specific hp insight management agents for those cluster monitor resources not running at the time discovery was run. the remedy is to ensure the correct agents are running on the clusters and cluster nodes, and then rerun discovery. the cluster node is not identified properly by discovery. solution: the cluster node name for the dhcp server might be different from its windows nt name. the remedy is to explicitly place the windows nt computer names into the lmhosts file on each cluster node, and then rerun discovery. cluster monitor is not displaying properly. solution: ensure that the small fonts is selected as the font size on the settings tab in the control panel on the browser. the list boxes under cluster monitor within settings are not working properly. solution: it takes a few seconds for the down arrows to be on the list boxes. if there is more than one list box, you must make a selection from the first box, then wait a few seconds to make a selection from the second box, and each subsequent box. if you make a selection too soon, the list boxes might not work properly. the remedy is to take an action to replace the right windowpane, and then return to the list boxes. the cluster nodes are not discovered when the cluster alias is used as the system in manual discovery. solution: in manual discovery, add the cluster alias and each node separately to assure they are entered into the database. alternatively, include the cluster alias and the node ip addresses in the ip range. what to expect when running hp systems insight manager on a cluster. solution: hp systems insight manager is not a cluster aware application. if each node of the cluster has an instance of hp systems insight manager installed, each node has a different certificate with the name of the node, not the name of the cluster, unless you have created your own certificates using a certificate server or other certification authority. when browsing to the cluster, if your browser is configured to warn about invalid site certificates the browser should display a security alert, warning you the name you have browsed to does not match the name in the certificate. if you have not imported the certificate into the browser, or the certificate has not been issued by a trusted certification authority, the security alert also informs you of the untrusted origin of the certificate. verify the certificate is correct and continue. during a failover, one node fails and the other node becomes active. because hp systems insight manager is not cluster-aware, any browsers open to hp systems insight manager need to be closed, and you should re-browse to the cluster. you might again be presented with another security alert, using the certificate of the other node as previously described. if so, verify the certificate and continue. any managed system that establishes a trust relationship with the hp systems insight manager server for example, for single login support, replicate agents, update software, etc. should trust all nodes of the cluster since any node could be active and issue the desired command to the system. i am having problems identifying clusters. solution: if you notice that the cluster name or cluster member name is the ip address of the system and not the hostname, download new hp insight management agents for windows server for each cluster member of the cluster. go to and click support drivers on the support drivers page, click select my product from a listing. on the support for your hp or compaq product page, click servers. click proliant and pentium xeon servers. click compaq proliant servers. click the appropriate proliant series, for example, compaq prosignia 720 server series. click the appropriate server, for example, compaq prosignia 720 server 350-512. in the tasks for your selected products box, click download drivers and software. in the select operating system list, select the appropriate operating system for example, microsoft widows . in the select a category list, select software - system management. click hp insight management agents for windows server . the agents are installed. custom command problems my custom command fails with the following error: c: files.exe: can t create title mutex global gwin1s3- .titlemutex. , win32 error solution: the user who is trying to run the custom command is not in the administrators group. add the user to the administrators group. a system that has had a new ip address assigned to it, is discovered as a new system in hp systems insight manager instead of having the existing system in hp systems insight manager updated with the new ip address. the original system shows a critical status. solution: this is caused because dns is not being configured on the network. hp systems insight manager tries to use system names from dns to match previously discovered systems with new systems of the same name. be sure that dns is configured on the hp systems insight manager server and ensure that the dns server itself is properly configured for the systems in question. event snmp trap problems why am i not receiving notification when there is a snmp authentication trap received? solution: the default setting for enabling trap handling in snmp extensions is disabled not processed . the reason for this is because typically, a system can be set up with an incorrect community string or an incorrect community string is set in hp systems insight manager, which results in an authentication failure trap to be sent to the management server each time a request is made to the system. this results in many traps being logged. to change this setting to processed enabled , complete the following steps: open hp systems insight manager log in as a user with full configuration rights. select optionseventssnmp trap settings. in the mib name field, select rfc1215.mib. in the trap name field, select authenticationfailure if it is not already selected. in the enable trap handling field, select yes. these steps set the authentication failure trap to processed and you are notified of all failures. the keyboard does not always respond the way i expect. solution: if you are used to the windows operating system, you anticipate the behavior of certain keys, such as the tab, enter, or alt keys. however, in java applets, and in web-applications in general, the windows style is not necessarily used. therefore, you might need to use the mouse to return focus to a specific page. for example, if you enter an invalid entry for a system ip address or time, the criteria or schedule page is re-focused, but the keyboard access might not be restored on the last entry field. this typically happens after several attempts. to return the focus, simply use the mouse to click the page you want to use. user names are not listed in alphabetical order. solution: user names are grouped by authorization level full configuration rights, limited configuration rights, and none . within the groupings, the users are listed in the order they were created. logging in from dial-up connection takes a long time. solution: your connection depends on many factors that are beyond your control. you might have a slow modem, the server you are connecting to might not be operating at peak efficiency, or you might have a bad phone line. installing the local java plug-in file while connected to the lan should help your remote connection and performance. hp systems insight manager problems you get a message regarding memory address violation when you close the browser. solution: you might need to reinstall the snmp agent after installing windows nt .sp3. if you install windows nt .sp4, you must install the snmp hot fix. the snmp service has a memory leak and consumes your system resources if you do not install the snmp hot fix. i have mdac .or greater installed. when browsing to hp systems insight manager for the first time, the java plug-in attempts to install, but halts abnormally after unpacking the files, but before the main plug-in screen displays. however, the java installation does not complete. solution: the following steps allow the java plug-in installation to successfully complete windows only : stop the hp systems insight manager service from the control panel. let the plug-in install complete. exit the current browser session. restart the hp systems insight manager service. start a new browser session and log in to hp systems insight manager. i have jre ..installed on my windows system, but when i browse into hp systems insight manager, the login page tells me that i must install the jre ..before i can log in. solution: internet explorer uses the last jre that was installed, regardless of the jre versions actually installed windows only . uninstall the jre ..installed on the windows system. reinstall the jre ... start a new browser session and log in to hp systems insight manager. the system list panels do not display. solution : the current set of java plug-in applet cache files stored on the client machine might need to be deleted. from the client windows machine, select startsettingscontrol panel. select the java plug-in icon off the control panel. the java plug-in control panel should display. select the cache folder off the java plug-in control panel. click clear jar cache. a clear cache panel should display, informing you that the plug-in cache files have been removed. click ok . solution : hp systems insight manager only run correctly when using the java jre .plug-in. if you have a newer version you must delete that version and re-install jre .. after the newer version is removed, you must log in to hp systems insight manager and version jre .is automatically on your system. solution : go to the control panel on the client machine this is seen on, double click the java plugin or java plugin .. control panel applet. select the advanced tab, and in the java runtime parameters field enter the following: -dsun.java2d. click apply and close both the browser and the control panel applet. restart the browser and the problem should not occur again. after creating a user with full configuration rights, the user name is shown in the user list generated from the sql analyzer. however, after editing the userid file, exiting hp systems insight manager and restarting hp systems insight manager, the user is not listed when selecting optionssecurityusers and authorizationsusers, although, the user name is listed in the database. solution: any attempt to manually modify the userid file, or any user information hash file, causes the user account to be removed from hp systems insight manager. therefore, the user can no longer access hp systems insight manager. database connection is lost while using the mib installer tool or command-line mib manager or command-line system type manager, but tools indicate successful completion. solution: if you lose accessibility to the database when running these command line tools outside hp systems insight manager, you can potentially corrupt the operation you were performing and predictable results and recovery are not guaranteed. the home and logout links are missing in the banner area. solution: click the refresh button at the top of the browser window. solution: if more than one browser session is open to the same cms, using the same user account, it is possible that the banner customization was changed in one session, leaving the other out of sync with the database. to re-synchronize the browser with the database, click the refresh button at the top of the browser window. the banner is no longer getting updated. solution: if more than one browser session is open to the same cms, using the same user account, it is possible that the banner customization was changed in one session, leaving the other out of sync with the database. to re-synchronize the browser with the database, click the refresh button at the top of the browser window. after creating a new http category, it is not listed in the criteria box on the advanced search page when searching for new event types. solution: to search for new event types generated by http events, you must select events by event category and then select the event type from the and type is list. microsoft internet explorer problems hot keys or other keys such as tab and enter might not work as expected in the browser. solution: use the mouse to ensure expected results. during the installation, the system reboots, and then the installation launches the browser. internet explorer displays a message saying that it could not establish a connection with the local host. the browser is being launched before the service has had time to start. solution: try to access the url again by placing the cursor in the url field, and pressing the enter key. keep trying until the application loads in the browser. sometimes the browser back button does not take the user back to a previous window. solution: in internet explorer, when the framesets are changed, the browser history is lost. navigate back through the hp systems insight manager header that is present at all times. right clicking the mouse within a browser frame generates unexpected results. solution: navigation through right-mouse clicks in java applets is not supported. navigation through right clicks of the mouse can sometimes fail to bring a user back to a previous page. this problem is solved the same way as issue when framesets are replaced. the browser closes abnormally. solution: issues with internet explorer when running java applets sometimes causes the iexplore process internet explorer to stop abnormally. re-opening the browser and logging back into hp systems insight manager resolves the situation. try upgrading to the latest microsoft internet explorer if this happens repetitively. clicking the browser back button while viewing a list returns the user to the appropriate system or event overview page. solution: this is correct functionality. the browser history is not being updated due to frameset updates. click the system or event list to navigate back to the list page. unable to drill down on a list or unable to drill down on an agent link on the system page. solution: when two browsers are open on the same system and they are each pointed to a different hp systems insight manager management server, unexpected results can occur. some inconsistencies include not being able to open a list or not being able to drill down on an agent for example, configuration history reports survey utility . unable to access hp systems insight manager on the local system at solution : verify proxy server configuration in internet explorer. an invalid proxy server address prevents internet explorer from browsing to any addresses, including the local system. solution : some systems might not be able to resolve the name localhost. if this is the case, use or where machinename is system where hp systems insight manager is installed. when the all systems window sits idle for an extended period, and i launch a new browser window, the all systems window turns white and internet explorer hangs. i am forced to end the task. how can i avoid hanging up in internet explorer? solution: avoid leaving internet explorer open for extended periods with the all systems list displayed. you should log out of hp systems insight manager before leaving your monitor, not only to prevent this situation but also for security reasons. using fat file system on windows and windows nt, the disk space requirements seem larger than stated. solution: the disk space requirements assume you are using ntfs file format. ntfs is more efficient and provides greater security. using a fat file format, which can require more disk space on installation. if you experience this error, try to increase the amount of space on the disk where you have specified you want to load hp systems insight manager. i am unable to load hp systems insight manager on windows nt .. solution: windows nt .is not a supported platform. you receive the error database connection error during the java-based database installation portion of hp systems insight manager installation. solution: verify that the target microsoft sql server service mssql is running select control panelservicesmssq . the java runtime jre is not installed during runtime. if the java runtime jre is listed in control paneladd remove programs, uninstall it. log back into hp systems insight manager as user with full configuration rights. the jre should automatically download again. if the jre does not start and you still get the message stating you must install the jre, then go to ... files systems insight manager sp2, and click j2re-win-i.exe. this procedure manually installs the java runtime files. global unique identifiers are the same for all systems when using disk imaging software on servers. solution : if the disk image has not been taken, perform the following after installing the hp insight management agents on the source machine and capture the image before restarting the insight management agents. uninstall all insight management agents from one of the systems. use the disk imaging software to copy the configuration from the system without the insight management agents installed. use the disk image from step to copy to the target systems. reinstall the hp insight management agents on all the systems. solution : if the disk image has already been deployed, perform the following to remove the image from each target system. the following information is divided by network operating systems. the globally unique identifier information is stored in a -byte file on the sys: subdirectory of the netware server. this file is created and populated with the globally unique identifier when hp systems insight manager performs an snmp set command to the netware server. to remove the permanence of the globally unique identifier, delete the file .cfg in the netware sys volume. after the file is deleted, restart the insight management agents and a new globally unique identifier is assigned by hp systems insight manager when the system is discovered. the management agents create the globally unique identifier information in an entry in the windows nt registry. to remove permanence of the globally unique identifier, remove the entry: after the entry is removed, restart the insight management agents services and a new globally unique identifier is automatically generated. the globally unique identifier information is stored in a file that is created and populated with the globally unique identifier when hp systems insight manager performs an snmp set command to the unixware server. to remove the permanence of the globally unique identifier, delete the following file from the unixware system. after this file has been deleted, restart the management agents and a new globally unique identifier is assigned by hp systems insight manager when the system is discovered. i am receiving the following error message when canceling a reinstall during a file copy: ins5176mp.exe has generated errors and is closed by windows. you must to restart the program. solution: this error occurs when canceling a reinstall during a file copy when running windows professional. restart the installation program. this program does not adversely affect your system or the installation of the product. it is an error message that is generated when a cancel is issued during a file copy. during an upgrade, if i click cancel while the files are copying, and i click yes when asked to confirm my intention to cancel the installation, the installation procedure exits but i get a dr. watson error message, dr. watson for windows nt, an application error has occurred and an application error log is being generated. ins517bmp.exe exception access violation 0x00000005 , address 0x004347e0. if i try to restart the installation procedure, i get another error screen displaying, setup initialization error, setup has detected that uninstallshield is in use. please close uninstallshield and restart setup. error 432. solution: reboot the machine to clear all active processes. while installing hp systems insight manager on a windows system, a message box is displayed with no message. solution: this message is issued from installshield, and is specific to windows systems. the intent behind the message box was to alert you that you need nt admin privileges. the error message could not be mapped, which causes an empty message box. to resolve this problem: go to computer management. assign the user full configuration rights. when installing hp systems insight manager on a server that has never had hp systems insight manager installed, running nt ., sp6a server or enterprise edition , and using a remote sql or sql 2k database, i get an erroneous reboot now or later window displaying after the java runtime installs. solution: this is a prompt from the java plug-in installer and not from the installation of hp systems insight manager. you can select either option. using nt . enterprise edition or server and sql local or remote databases, i get an authenticity check when the install goes to install sun microsystems java runtime. solution: this happens on a system that has not had hp systems insight manager installed before. click yes to trust this vendor for java runtime to complete installation. ip address problems when systems change ip addresses on the network, the information in the database becomes unreliable. for example, the system name comes from one system, and the description comes from the new system that took that address. solution: after systems have been discovered, they can never be "un-discovered." systems that are no longer reachable, need to be deleted through a list logged in with full configuration rights . for systems that hp systems insight manager can no longer talk to, change to critical status. systems can be deleted by selecting systems in the list and clicking delete . i am unable to delete a list because hp systems insight manager reports that the list is in-use. however, no browser is actively using the list. solution: if you have viewed the list during the current browser session, then close the browser, and then reopen it before you can delete the list. if another user on the network has viewed the list, and their browser is still open, then the list still cannot be deleted. all users that have viewed the list must close their browsers in order for the list to be deleted. in multi-user situations, a search or list might be altered without a your knowledge. solution: in the same user authority, hp systems insight manager uses the basis that the last person to save a search or list, or delete a search or list, is the one that it uses. in situations where there is severe conflict, hp systems insight manager prompts the user that a category, etc. has been altered and tells the user the appropriate action to take. while trying to create a duplicate list name in a public or private section, an error message is generated. solution: duplicate list names are not allowed in public or private sections. you can have the same list in the public section as you do in a private section, but not two lists by the same name in one section. while logged in as a user an administrator, a list is created in the private section of that user each time a user is deleted. solution: this is expected behavior called inheritance. when a user is deleted, a list is created in the administrator's private section that contains all of the lists that the deleted user created in the past. after deleting a system, the product name or web agent criteria are not removed. solution: after a product name or web agent is discovered, then that search criteria remains in the database until the database is reinstalled. this enables you to search on criteria that was present once and might be present again in the future for example, base tasks off a list with these criteria, and set it to run when new systems or events meet the search criteria . machine names that have spaces within their name are truncated at the space character in a list. solution: when hp systems insight manager writes a discovered system to the sql database, sql truncates the name if a space occurs in the machine name. rename the system to not include a space. when trying to sort a list, it sometimes requires multiple clicks in order for the column to sort. solution: quick mouse movements inhibit the applet from reading mouse clicks. hold the mouse absolutely still while clicking the column to sort. when sorting a search by ip address, the addresses are not listed in numerical order. solution: the ip addresses are listed in numerical order, which implies an order like 184.108..206, 220.127.116., .104..168, .214.171.124, 126...199, 188..131.. hp is investigating the possibility of providing a fix in a later release if the system or event list shows as all white in the browser on windows, this is caused by a known bug in the java plugin. this is sometimes seen when logging out and back in within the same browser or leaving a session logged in overnight. there is a work around for this problem. solution: go to the control panel on the client machine this is seen on, double click on the java plugin or java plugin .. control panel applet. select the advanced tab, and in the java runtime parameters field enter the following: -dsun.java2d. click apply and close both the browser and the control panel applet. restart the browser and the problem should not occur again. i am unable to log in to hp systems insight manager on windows xp using a blank password. solution : use a non-blank password, which provides better security. have an administrator re-configure the windows user accounts to specify a non-blank password. solution : if you must use a blank password, disable the following security policy on the windows xp machine: accounts: limit local account use of blank passwords to console login only. on a windows system, to limit local account use of blank passwords to console login only, complete the following: open local security settings mmc application by selecting programsadministrative toolslocal security policy. open the local security policies folder, then open the security options sub-folder. disable the policy. unable to login to hp systems insight manager on windows xp. solution: if using a blank password, refer to the preceding problem. otherwise, change the following local security policy on the windows xp machine: network access: sharing and security model for local accounts from guest only to classic. to change the setting, perform the following: open local security settings mmc application by selecting programsadministrative toolslocal security policy. open the local security policies folder, and then open the security options sub-folder. change the setting from guest only to classic. if guest only is the preferred policy setting, perform the steps above, login to hp systems insight manager, and then add either domain accounts not local accounts or the local guest account, as accounts to hp systems insight manager. restore the local policy setting back to classic when done. single login fails on cluster systems. solution: single login does not work on a virtual cluster system. it works on the physical systems that comprise the cluster. by using a proxy server, you might inadvertently or intentionally bypass ip address login restrictions configured for the user. solution: a proxy server can be used to bypass specific ip exclusions, if the proxy server ip address is not included in the ip exclusion ranges on the automatic discovery - general settings page. likewise, the possibility that a valid proxy server is included in the ip exclusion ranges, would prevent a valid user from logging in through that particular proxy server. ensure valid proxy servers are within a valid inclusion ranges and make the inclusion ranges as small as possible. using ip inclusion ranges is more effective than using ip exclusion ranges since inclusion ranges exclude all addresses not specified in the ip inclusion range. unable to login to hp systems insight manager or to managed systems browsing from hp systems insight manager using internet explorer .. reason : internet explorer has a problem with underscores in system names, which prevents the authentication cookie from working properly. solution 1a: for hp systems insight manager, if you are using internet explorer .and your hp systems insight manager server has an underscore in the name, use the ip address of the hp systems insight manager server instead of the name in the internet explorer address field. solution 1b: for managed systems, if the names of the systems have an underscore, use the ip address of the system. configure hp systems insight manager to create links to the system using the ip address instead of the name: browse and login to hp systems insight manager. select optionssecuritysystem link configuration. the system link configuration page is displayed select use the system ip address. note: by using ip addresses instead of names, you might encounter security alerts, if the name in the managed system certificate does not match the name in the link. the default certificate for managed systems uses the system name, not the ip address. solution 2a: change the browser privacy security policy setting. from the internet explorer browser menu, select toolsinternet options, then select the privacy tab. the privacy setting can be modified in one of the following ways: set the privacy setting to accept all cookies by sliding the slider bar to the bottom. this setting allows a browser to accept all cookies for both first-party and third-party sites. when browsing to hp systems insight manager or directly to a managed system, it is considered a first-party site. when navigating to a managed system through hp systems insight manager, the system is considered a third-party site. customize the handling of cookies by clicking advanced and enabling override automatic cookie handling. then select the appropriate radio buttons for first-party and third-party cookies to either accept or prompt. if you select prompt, the browser prompts you on how to handle a cookie each time a cookie is received. you can choose to block or allow the cookie each time, or for all times. enabling always allow session cookies does not resolve the problem because the web agents do not use session cookies. browsing to systems by ip address instead of by name can cause the browser to consider those systems to be in the internet zone. instead, browse by name. you can configure hp systems insight manager to use system names when creating links to systems by selecting optionssecuritysystem link configuration and selecting use the system name. if your browser is configured to use a proxy server, you can configure your browser to bypass the proxy server for specific systems, which removes those systems from the browser internet zone. from the browser menu, select toolsinternet options, then select the connections tab. click lan settings, and if you are configured to use a proxy server, click advanced. in the exceptions list, you can specify a list of addresses that should bypass the proxy server. these addresses are no longer be in the internet zone and are not affected by the privacy settings policy. selecting a link that opens up a new browser window requires another login. solution: if you are browsing using the internet explorer link from within windows explorer, you must instead start internet explorer as a separate process. start internet explorer by selecting it from the windows start menu or using the desktop icon. i cannot log into the hp systems insight manager server from windows nt, windows , or windows xp. solution: the windows accounts used to access hp systems insight manager must have the access this computer from the network right selected. in windows nt , open the user manager by selecting startprogramsadministrative tools. in the policies menu, select user rights. in the rights drop down, select access this computer from network and ensure the hp systems insight manager users are granted full configuration rights. in windows and windows xp, open the local security policy by selecting startprogramsadministrative tools. expand the local policies tree, and select user rights assignment. ensure the hp systems insight manager users have the access this computer from the network right and that they do not have the deny access to this computer from the network right selected. i am receiving the exception org.apache.jasper.jasperexception while logging in to hp systems insight manager. solution: delete all the files in the work directory and log in again. i am unable to download a server certificate in mozilla. i am unable to use mozilla on an hp-ux or linux system. solution: you must register the java plugin to use mozilla on an hp-ux or linux system. at a command prompt, enter the following commands: mv libjavapluginoji.so libjavapluginoji.so.bak ln -s usr java j2re1..202 plugin i386 ns610 libjavapluginoji.so ln -s usr java j2re1..202 plugin i386 ns610-gcc32 libjavapluginoji.so operating system problems when the operating system changes on a system and system discovery restarts, hp systems insight manager still discovers an instance of the system running the old operating system with no items in the system links section. hp systems insight manager also discovers the system with the new operating system and with the correct system links. solution: after systems have been discovered, they can never be "un-discovered." systems that are no longer needed can be deleted. systems that are no longer active the management server can no longer talk to the system change to critical status. my evo workstation system does not show the correct operating system when it is running windows xp. solution: the root problem is that the snmp agent does not correctly recognize this version of windows. stop the snmp service and set it to a manual startup, then re-run data collection from hp systems insight manager to get the correct information. paging notification problems on an upgraded version of hp systems insight manager, which has a paging user upgrade, i am receiving an error indicating that the user does not exist solution: a user with full configuration rights must delete the existing paging user and create a new paging user with the same details as the original paging user. select optionssecurityusers and authorizationsusers. find the paging user in the pager configured column, yes is displayed if the user is a paging user. select the user account to delete. create a new paging user account by entering the information obtained in step . when printing a container view page that includes a rack display, the display does not print correctly. solution: in internet explorer .x, select toolsinternet options, then select the advanced tab. select printing and then select print background colors and images. the system details page should now print the rack display correctly, showing all details of the rack. when trying to print in internet explorer, i am receiving a message stating that my printer is not configured. in mozilla, the print dialog box is displayed to print to a file. solution: the printer must be installed before trying to print in both internet explorer and mozilla. when printing lists or reports in hp systems insight manager, selecting landscape as the paper orientation is not changing the printout to landscape. solution: from control panelprinters, set the orientation to landscape. the reporting system software table still shows the software which has been uninstalled from the hp systems insight manager server. solution: the reporting system software table is based on the dcoutput table, the dcoutput table is updated by both status polling and data collection tasks. therefore, if software has been removed uninstalled from the server, run the software status polling task. next, run the data collection task. after the reporting tables have refreshed, run the report again. this should give a correct listing of software installed on the server. it takes five minutes or more to load when is entered in the url address. solution: the url address should be entered without the "s". when is entered in the url, a ssl message is sent to the server causing delay. you are being asked for your login credentials when accessing a trusted system. solution: verify that you have a valid trust relationship setup between hp systems insight manager and the managed system. also, verify that you are authorized for an appropriate tool on the desired system. tools that enable single login to managed systems include system management homepage as administrator, system management homepage as operator, system management homepage as user, replicate agent settings, and install software and firmware. receiving a security alert when accessing a system. solution: be sure that you have the system server certificate imported in to your browser and that you browse to the system using the same name as specified in the certificate. for example, browsing to localhost is most likely the cause for this security alert. receiving the following error message when browsing to different pages within hp systems insight manager: this window contains both secure and non-secure items solution: several conditions could cause the browser to display this warning message: there is a known problem in internet explorer .that causes this warning message to be erroneously displayed. pages within hp systems insight manager that are likely to experience the problem include the home page and the task results page, though this problem is not limited to those pages. to resolve this problem with the browser, ensure that you have at least version .., by examining the version string in the browser about box. for more information on the problem with internet explorer, refer to microsoft knowledge base article q269682. for more information on how to determine which browser version you have installed, refer to microsoft knowledge base article q164539. if you navigate to a hp systems insight manager system page for a system that does not support ssl, system links to the system specify the usage of http, a non-secure protocol, rather than https. this would cause the browser to display both secure items from hp systems insight manager and non-secure items from the system, thus prompting the warning. there might be newer versions of the hp insight management agents for your system that support ssl. if there are not, or you want to view the system now, click yes to display the non-secure items or you are not be able to view the system. all data between the browser and the managed system continue to be encrypted using ssl, and data between the browser and the system are not be encrypted using ssl. the login applet for older hp insight management agents takes special care to separately encode your login credentials so that you can securely login, but all other data is not encrypted. the browser might be attempting to display an error page, in which case it displays this warning message. for more information, refer to microsoft knowledge base article q184960. i am receiving security alert pop-ups on the system page when i click a system link to the insight management agents that reside on the hp systems insight manager server that i am logged into. solution : if the security alert states that the name on the certificate does not match the name of the site, you can change settings in hp systems insight manager so links to systems use the same format as the names in the system certificate. select optionssecuritysystem link configuration. the systems link configuration page is displayed. select one of the available options. view the system's certificate to see the name format it is using. if your system certificates use a name format that does not resolve correctly on your network, then you must select a link format that does. in this case you continue to see this name mismatch alert, whether or not you have imported the system certificate into the browser trusted list or not. it can be avoided by turning off the check in internet explorer. to do this, select toolsinternet options, select the advanced tab. under security settings, clear warn about invalid site certificates. however, this is not recommended and should be considered carefully in accordance with your own security policies and guidelines. disabling the warn about invalid site certificates setting in your browser not only reduces your ability to properly identify the hp systems insight manager server or managed system you are browsing to, but also any external or internal internet sites having nothing to do with web-based management products. solution : if the security alert is for another reason, such as an untrusted or invalid certificate, refer to networking and security - about login for more information. when browsing to insight management agents on the hp systems insight manager server itself, multiple security alerts are displayed and continue to pop-up while browsing the agent. solution: this occurs under the following conditions: browsing to insight management agents on the same system as the hp systems insight manager server. for example, if the hp systems insight manager server is named damon, and while browsing to hp systems insight manager, you navigate to the system page for damon and select one of the web-based management links such as system management homepage. both certificates for the insight management agents and hp systems insight manager are not imported into the browser. even though hp systems insight manager and the insight management agents are both running on the same system, they are not the same ssl web server and do not have the same certificate. to stop the security alert pop-ups from displaying, import both certificate for hp systems insight manager and the web-based management agent into the browser. refer to server certificates - importing a server certificate for more information. the information provided there can also be applied to importing the web-based management agent s certificate as well. if the security alert is due to a name mismatch between the name on the certificate and the name on the address, importing the certificates does not resolve the problem. instead, browse to hp systems insight manager and or the management agent using the name in the certificate. or browse to one using the certificate name and the other not using the certificate name. for example, browse to hp systems insight manager using the ip address and to the management agent using the system name, or vice versa. using two different names helps separate the two domains in the browser, preventing confusion with different certificates for the same domain. refer to remaining security problems for more information. starting with hp systems insight manager attempts to synchronize its certificate and private key with the local http server for the insight management agents to alleviate this problem. if synchronization has occurred, the system should be restarted to ensure both hp systems insight manager and the http server restart with the synchronized certificate. refer to server certificates - synchronizing certificates for more details. executing a tool on a managed system results in the error: authentication failure: the central management server cms and managed system time clocks may not be synchronized, or a communication time limit may have been exceeded. solution: the cms and managed systems must be time-synchronized to prevent authentication failures. the communication time limit is minutes, and exceeding this limit causes authentication failures. use the command xntpd 1m to configure the time synchronization. snmp agent problems how do i enable or disable the restart agents option that is available for the snmp agents when using the hp systems insight manager replicate agent settings task? solution: the option must be changed from inside the hp systems insight manager replicate agent settings task. select configurereplicate agent settings . select a target system and click next . refer to using tasks - creating a task for more information on selecting the target system. select the configure link related to system. on the insight management agent page, select the radio button for enable or disable of the option restart agents. click apply and close the snmp configuration page return to hp systems insight manager and click refresh . the updated configuration is displayed in the replicate agent settings task complete setting up the replicate agent settings task by clicking next and define a task name, select a list and defining a schedule for the task. click save to complete the setup and return to the tasks results page. software status problems the sw status column displays unknown. how do i determine why the status is unknown? solution: there are several reasons why the sw status displays unknown. to assist in determining why a status is unknown, position the cursor over the sw status column that displays unknown. a tool tip appears and displays a hint indicating what is unknown. any of the following can display: if the status cannot be determined, then the tool tip displays click for details. systems displaying on the system list page with critical status, do not display ip ipx address and have no system link. solution: hp systems insight manager has assigned this system's address to another node. this can happen when addresses change due to dhcp or other change in system configuration. the following scenarios can cause this to occur: the system is temporarily removed from the network. when it returns, the system returns to a managed state. this can happen when a laptop computer is removed from the network for an extended period of time and its previous address has been reused by dhcp. the system could have changed names; however, this was not discovered by hp systems insight manager. hp systems insight manager continues to look for a system by that name. links on the system page that participate in http communication do not get updated when an agent is stopped. solution: when browsing to a particular system that has a web agent the first link gif on the window usually insight manager web agents is the "proxy" agent that sends all http commands. if a web agent is stopped that is not the "proxy" agent, then the appropriate http command is not sent to hp systems insight manager allowing the link to the web agent to be updated. to verify that you have the correct links for a system, execute discovery or the daily identification task, which verifies all web agents running on a particular system. when drilling down on links on the system page, time outs occur. solution: this often happens when the hp systems insight manager management server can see multiple subnets. however, the system that the user is browsing from cannot. when drilling down on some links like management agents , hp systems insight manager connects to with added url information. this is connecting directly to the agent running on that system. the machine that the user is browsing from must be able to speak to the system in question through tcp ip for example, be able to ping the system . when drilling down on a critical system, the system page still displays all links that were present before hp systems insight manager could not talk to the system. solution: this is expected behavior. links remain in case the system in question is in a reboot state or some other state of flux. if the system is actually down, the links time out when connecting to any agent or web-server. my snmp parameters are not saved when i add a system with a host file. i created a file that did not exist on the network. for example: how can i save the snmp parameters? solution: this problem only exists when a system is not online yet. however, hp recommends the following workaround: when the all systems window sits idle for a few minutes, and i launch a new browser window, the all systems window turns white and internet explorer hangs. i am forced to end the task. how can i avoid hanging up in internet explorer? solution: for security reasons, you should always logout of hp systems insight manager before closing internet explorer. logging out prior to closing internet explorer resolves this issue. when creating a task, i am unable to use the backspace key to delete text in any of the text boxes. how can i edit my entry? solution: when creating a task, use your mouse to select the text to be corrected, or use the delete key to delete text from the text box. enter the updated information. i am receiving the http - 404 error when trying to launch a tool. solution: this error is received when you try to access any tool that you are not authorized to use. windows nt event log problems if you receive the following error message in the windows nt event log, dcom was unable to communicate with computer using any of the configured protocols., disable logging the wmi errors. these error messages are not generated by wmimapper. rather, they are generated by the microsoft windows management instrumentation wmi service when it is unable to communicate with the target system to get the wmi information. usually, the target system is a non-windows system. solution: to disable logging the wmi errors to the nt event log, perform the following procedure on the system where wmimapper is installed. in windows nt, stop the pegasus wmi mapper service. control paneladministrative toolsservices right-click my computer. select manage. the computer management page is be displayed. expand services and applications. select wmi control and right click on it. the wmi control properties page is be displayed. select the logging tab. select disabled from the logging level section, and then click ok to close this page. from the computer management window, double-click services, and then select windows management instrumentation service. stop and restart the service. start the pegasus wmi mapper service from the services page.
__label__math	0.7162	hereford juniors compete in national contests more than 640 youth and their families gathered at the 10th annual vitaferm junior national hereford expo in tulsa, okla., july to , to show and celebrate the hereford breed. in addition to the cattle show, juniors and adults competed in skill-based contests ranging from livestock judging to team fitting, and even a -on-basketball tournament. contest winners are as follows: this is the final level of competition for members who have won their state competitions. the national organization of poll-ettes sponsored the illustrated speech contest. peewee participants: walker dunn, cochranton, pa.; ben jensen, courtland, kan.; logan marple, westmoreland, kan.; jessica jensen, courtland, kan.; lauren mcmillan, ohio, ill.; madison sifford, snow camp, n.c.; ryan moser, westmoreland, kan.; wesley denton, blue rapids, kan.; kate mead, concord, ark; evan espenscheid, marshalltown, iowa; kyle amendt, pleasantville, iowa; amy larson, macomb, okla.; brock courtney, pryor, okla.; reilly jones, darlington, wis.; noah benedict, mahomet, ill.; colton decker, vincent, ohio. junior: . hadley hatler, winters, texas; . justin moser, westmoreland, kan.; . abby repenning, mitchell, s.d. intermediate: . blake cameron, kingfisher, okla.; . judd hatler, winters, texas; . elise hackett, tuscola, ill. senior: . cassie bacon, prairie grove, ark.; . allysa fee, jackson, tenn.; . kristen stufft, lewistown, pa. the national organization of poll-ettes sponsored the extemporaneous speech contest. intermediate: . zachary frazier, butler, pa.; . brady jensen, courtland, kan.; . morgann gregory, houstonia, mo. senior: . matt woolfolk, columbia, tenn.; . kristen stufft, lewistown, pa.; . curtis ezell, st. joe, ark. peewee: . ethan hopkins, winchester, ind.; . cobie hufnagel, luther, okla.; . jessica jensen, courtland, kan. junior: . melissa grimmel, jarrettsville, md.; . cassidy hufnagel, luther, okla.; . braden mead, concord, ark. senior: . zachary hopkins, winchester, ind.; . ted burkitt, valley springs, ark. peewee individual: . audrey nolan, gilmer, texas; . kase renfro, stephenville, texas; . logan marple, westmoreland, kan. peewee team: . texas--brody rogers, hamilton; kase and kade renfro, stephenville; and brynden andrews, como. junior individual: . jackson mead, concord, ark.; . gabriel smith, fredericksburg, texas; . dalton cleveland, pottsboro, texas. junior team: . wyoming--jessica middleswarth, torrington; ali briggs, torrington; kelley largent, kaycee; and rachael buzanowski, pompeys pillar, mont. intermediate individual: . cheyenne moyer, lincoln, ark.; . rashele blakley, oolegah, okla.; . tyler heitman, edgewood, texas. intermediate team: . texas--jonathan chachere, dayton; jacqueline rosson, milford; tyler heitmen, edgewood; and bethany nolan, gilmer. senior individual: . eric schatte, giddings, texas; . brandon martin, judsonia, ark.; . seth leinenbach, jasper, ind. senior team: . oklahoma--eddie seidl, garber; latran and levon nichols, ringwood; and ryan pullan, aline. adult individual: . cody washam, miller, mo.; . don sissel, billings, mo.; . jeremy workman, whiteboro, texas. adult team: . illinois--jacob chapman, ottawa; kyle mcmillan, ohio; floyd and annette crane, lasalle. teams of four were asked questions about the hereford industry and animal science. champion junior team: texas- shelby and koby rogers, hamilton; harrison smith, gatesville; and scott chachere, dayton champion senior team: texas- jessica coffelt, whitney; lukas and jonathan chachere, dayton; and mallorie phelps, grandview junior written test winner: miranda stotz, skiatook, okla. senior written test winner: lukas chachere, dayton, texas teams "sell" an animal to a panel of judges by promoting pedigree information, performance data and visual characteristics of the animal. champion junior team: texas--harrison smith, gatesville; josh dugger, plano; jake humphreys, grandview champion senior team: kansas--cody jensen, courtland, kan.; tyler and courtney schultz, haviland team fitting sponsored by andis a team of three has minutes to fit a heifer for a panel of judges. one member of the team then shows the heifer. champion team: nebraska--blake and mitchell tucker, north platte and grady mcmahon, ayr. outstanding state junior member each state with participants at the jnhe can recognize one member with this award. alabama: katlin mulvaney, opelika arkansas: curtis ezell, st. joe colorado: kevin ernst, windsor georgia: kayla dobb, talking rock idaho: georgia berrett, melba illinois: sasha mckown, atlanta indiana: chandis kottkamp, clayton iowa: patti heidt, lockridge kansas polled: nicole rosencutter, topeka kansas horned: kimber evans, fall river maryland: kyle lemmon, manchester michigan: kara bielema, ada minnesota: jamie hanson, comfrey mississippi: canan mckellar, como missouri: jocelyn butler, republic nebraska: grady mcmahon, ayr new jersey: bryce gerlach, far hills new york: robert church, hoosick falls north carolina: mason blinson, buies creek ohio: heather bradford, st. marys oklahoma: geoff andras, connerville pennsylvania: andre howe, wagontown south dakota: kelsey repenning, mitchell tennessee: zachery hopkins, winchester texas: erick schmidt, gonzales virginia: michelle rhymes, leesburg wisconsin: danielle starr, manawa wyoming: jordan largent, kaycee champion peewee team: bulldogs--korbin collins, flanagan; noah benedict, mahomet; stephen lorenzen, georgetown champion junior team: midwest mayhem--briana and rhett katzenberger, monroe, wis., mariah katzenberger, freeport, ill.; and tyler espenscheid, osceola, iowa champion intermediate team: montana--austin buzanowski, pomeys pillar; taylor sidwell, roberts; and wyatt uries champion senior team: minnesota--marty and michael delaney, lake benton; and travis williamson, garretson, s.d. champion adult team: wisconsin--eric katzenburger, freeport, ill.; aaron katzenburger, monroe; jeff weichert, cedarsburg golden pitchfork award great american chb grill-off the chb certified hereford beef grill-off was a new event this year in which each state assembled a team of six members and presented a recipe to a panel of judges. the purpose of the grill-off is to promote chb and its benefits to a healthy diet. junior: . washington; . south dakota; . oregon. adult: . texas; . iowa; . nebraska. . tommie lynne mead, midville, ga.; . charlsie and robert craig, scandia, kan.; . nicky folkman, ixonia, wis.
__label__non_math	0.9991	hppr hosts contributors let's catch up: canada wins bronze; lopez plays waiting game good morning. it's day of the london games, and the overall medal tally stands at for the united states, for china, and for great britain. here's a roundup of the news that caught our eye this morning: canada has won the bronze medal match over france in women's soccer, as midfielder diana matheson scored a golden... er, bronze goal in the 92nd minute to break a -tie. obviously, the match featured lots of good defense. american taekwondo athlete diana lopez has lost her preliminary round match with two-time world champion yuzhuo hou of china. the match was scoreless for three rounds; a defensive kick by hou was the lone point. lopez may still reach the bronze match, depending on how hou fares. the men's decathlon has finished the discus, leaving only three events: pole vault, javelin, and 1500m. team usa's ashton eaton leads the pack, with a score of . fellow american trey hardee is in second, with . in third is oleksiy kasyanov of ukraine, with . the international olympic committee will strip u.s. cyclist tyler hamilton of his athens gold medal in the road race at the athens games, due to his admission of doping, the ap reports. eva risztov of hungary has won the olympic gold medal in the women's 10k marathon swim. and a "competitive eater" named furious pete has eaten michael phelps' usual daily intake of ,000 calories in minutes. the story is at the n.y. daily news. i warn you: there is a video.
__label__math	0.9980	the current climate summary maps are produced daily using data from the applied climate information system acis . stations used are from the national weather service cooperative observer network coop , and the automated weather data network awdn . all near-real-time data are considered preliminary and should be used responsibly. normal refers to the climate normal for the selected product.
__label__non_math	1.0000	student right-to-know information the student right-to-know act the student right-to-know act was enacted in by federal law. the law requires institutions that receive title iv hea student financial aid to collect, report and or disclose graduation rates for full-time, first-time, degree-seeking undergraduate students and students receiving athletically related student aid. family educational rights and privacy act the family education rights and privacy act ferpa was implemented in as a federal law to protect the privacy of student education records. ferpa also gives students the right to review their education records, seek to amend inaccurate information in their records, and provide consent for the disclosure of their records. this law applies to all schools that receive funds under an applicable program of the u.s. department of education. the clery act the jeanne clery disclosure of campus security policy and campus crime statistics act is a federal law that requires colleges and universities to disclose crime statistics that happen on and around their campuses. the law was originally known as the crime awareness and campus security act of and was amended and renamed in after jeanne clery, a lehigh university student who was assaulted and murdered in her residence hall on . this information is published in the annual hawaii pacific university public safety report. drug and alcohol abuse policy and prevention plan the drug free schools and communities act amendments of requires institutions who participate in federal student aid programs to provide information to its students, faculty, and employees to prevent drug and alcohol abuse. information about standards of conduct, health risks, programming opportunities, assistance programs available to students and employees with suspected drug or alcohol problems, and the possible repercussions of violating state and institutional drug and alcohol policies is available in the student handbook contact the student life at -808-544- for more information and employee handbook contact human resources at -808-544- for more information . equity in athletics any coeducational institution of higher education that participates in a federal student aid program and has an intercollegiate athletics program is required to publish an annual equity in athletics report. this report contains participation rates, financial support, academic success rate, and other information on its men's and women's intercollegiate athletic programs. this report may be obtained from the hawaii pacific university athletics office and is also available on the from the office of postsecondary education web site. hpu non-discrimination clause hawai i pacific university admits students of any race, color, national and ethnic origin, religion, gender, age, ancestry, marital status, sexual orientation, veteran status and disability, or other protected classifications under federal and state laws. sexual harassment sexual assault policy it is the goal of hawai i pacific university to provide students, faculty, and staff with an environment free from sexual discrimination, which includes sexual harassment and sexual violence. the sexual harassment sexual assault policy available in full format in the student handbook outlines the definition of sexual harassment and sexual offenses, policy concerning amorous romantic sexual relationships, reporting procedures, procedures for the resolution, provisions for students who have been subjected to sex offenses, sexual assault prevention and education programs, and resources to victims and survivors of sexual assault. in order to take prompt and equitable corrective action, the university must be aware of sexual harassment, sexual assault, or related retaliation. therefore, members of the hpu community who believe that they have been sexually harassed, sexually assaulted, or know of someone who may have been sexually harassed or sexually assaulted by a student, faculty, staff, or vendor supplier are advised to bring the matter to the attention of the title ix coordinator or the deputy coordinators listed below. additionally, members of the community may contact the associate director of safety and security 236- or 722- or the hpu compliance hotline -877-270- or hours a day, days a week from any location to report sexual harassment or sexual assault. sex discrimination, harassment, and assault: title ix coordinators title ix of the education amendments of is a federal law that prohibits sex discrimination in education. it reads: "no person in the united states shall, on the basis of sex, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination under any education program or activity receiving federal financial assistance." title ix of the education amendments of ; c.f.r. part 106. sex discrimination includes sexual harassment and sexual assault. below are the staff members who have primary responsibility for complaints of title ix sex discrimination, harassment, and assault: title ix coordinator associate vice president of student affairs and title ix coordinator hawai i pacific university bishop st., ste. 800 honolulu, hi telephone: 808 544- any complaint of sex discrimination, sexual harassment, and sexual assault can be made to the title ix coordinator, who is responsible for overall administration of discrimination-related grievance procedures for faculty, staff, students, and other members of the university community. title ix deputy coordinators student affairs specialist fort street mall, ste. 139 honolulu, hi telephone: 808 687- if you have a complaint against a student for sex discrimination, sexual harassment, and sexual assault, in addition to contacting the title ix coordinator, you have the option of contacting the student affairs specialist. the student affairs specialist is responsible for title ix compliance for matters involving students, including administration of grievance procedures for all complaints against students. associate athletics director for compliance bishop st. suite 400 honolulu, hi phone: 808 356- if you have a complaint about gender equity in athletics programs, in addition to contacting the title ix coordinator, you have the option of contacting the associate athletics director for compliance who is responsible for title ix compliance in matters related to gender equity in athletics programs. if you have a complaint against a student-athlete, coach or administrator for sex discrimination, sexual harassment, or sexual assault, in addition to contacting the title ix coordinator, you have the option of contacting the associate athletics director for compliance, who will facilitate the handling of the complaint with the appropriate office. acting head of human resources hawai i pacific university bishop street, suite 310 honolulu, hi telephone: 808 544- if you have a complaint against an employee for sex discrimination, sexual harassment, and sexual assault, in addition to contacting the title ix coordinator, you have the option of contacting the acting head of human resources. the acting head of human resources is responsible for title ix compliance for matters involving employees, including administration of grievance procedures for all complaints against employees. other institutional information federal legislation also requires the release of institutional information regarding the cost of attendance; accreditation; equity; and academic program data; facilities and services to disabled students; financial assistance available to students and requirements and restrictions imposed on title iv; withdrawal; and refund policies. this information is also published annually in the hawaii pacific university catalog. for questions regarding forms on this page, please notify the office of the registrar at firstname.lastname or at 808 544-.
__label__non_math	1.0000	healthy eating plate harvard s new guide to healthy eating start here to learn more about the new healthy eating plate created by nutrition experts at harvard school of public health, in conjunction with harvard health publications. the healthy eating plate can be your blueprint for planning a healthy balanced meal, and it fixes key flaws in the u.s. department of agriculture s myplate. how can you follow the healthy eating plate? here s a rundown, section by section: - fill half of your plate with vegetables and fruits. the more color, and the more variety on this part of the plate, the better. potatoes and french fries don t count as vegetables on the healthy eating plate, because they are high in fast-digested starch carbohydrate , which has the same roller-coaster effect on blood sugar and insulin as white bread and sweets. these surges, in the short term, can lead to hunger and overeating, and in the long term, can lead to weight gain, type diabetes, and other health problems. read more about vegetables and fruits, or read more about carbohydrates and health. - save a quarter of your plate for whole grains not just any grains: whole grains whole wheat, brown rice, and foods made with them, such as whole wheat pasta have a gentler effect on blood sugar and insulin than white bread, white rice, and other so-called refined grains. that s why the healthy eating plate says to choose whole grains the less processed, the better and limit refined grains. read more about whole grains. - put a healthy source of protein on one quarter of your plate: chose fish, chicken, beans or nuts, since these contain beneficial nutrients, such as the heart-healthy omega-fatty acids in fish, and the fiber in beans. an egg a day is okay for most people, too people with diabetes should limit their egg intake to three yolks a week, but egg whites are fine . limit red meat beef, pork, and lamb and avoid processed meats bacon, cold cuts, hot dogs, and the like since over time, regularly eating even small amounts of these foods raises the risk of heart disease, type diabetes, and colon cancer. read more about healthy proteins. - use healthy plant oils. the glass bottle near the healthy eating plate is a reminder to use healthy vegetable oils, like olive, canola, soy, corn, sunflower, peanut, and others, in cooking, on salad, and at the table. limit butter, and avoid unhealthy trans fats from partially hydrogenated oils. read more about healthy fats. - drink water, coffee or tea. on the healthy eating plate, complete your meal with a glass of water, or if you like, a cup of tea or coffee with little or no sugar . questions about caffeine and kids? read more. limit milk and dairy products to one to two servings per day, since high intakes are associated with increased risk of prostate cancer and possibly ovarian cancer. limit juice to a small glass per day, since it is as high in sugar as a sugary soda. skip the sugary drinks, since they provide lots of calories and virtually no other nutrients. and over time, routinely drinking sugary drinks can lead to weight gain, increase the risk of type diabetes, and possibly increase the risk of heart disease. read more about healthy drinks, or read more about calcium, milk, and health. - stay active. the small red figure running across the healthy eating plate s placemat is a reminder that staying active is half of the secret to weight control. the other half is eating a healthy diet with modest portions that meet your calorie needs. read tips for staying active. comparing the harvard healthy eating plate to the usda s myplate shows the shortcomings of myplate. read a head-to-head comparison of the healthy eating plate vs. the usda s myplate. you can use the healthy eating plate side by side with the healthy eating pyramid, a simple and trustworthy guide to healthy eating created by faculty in the department of nutrition at harvard school of public health. read an in-depth article about the healthy eating plate and the healthy eating pyramid. or read answers to common questions about the healthy eating plate. download the healthy eating plate the healthy eating plate image on this web site is owned by the harvard university. it may be downloaded and used without permission for educational and other non-commercial uses with proper attribution, including the following any other use, including commercial reuse or mounting on other systems, requires permission from the department of nutrition at harvard school of public health. to request permission, please contact us using the healthy eating plate reprint request form on this web site. the aim of the harvard school of public health nutrition source is to provide timely information on diet and nutrition for clinicians, allied health professionals, and the public. the contents of this web site are not intended to offer personal medical advice. you should seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on this web site. the information does not mention brand names, nor does it endorse any particular products.
__label__non_math	1.0000	roasted beets with balsamic vinegar recipe courtesy of harvard university dining services medium beets, washed, peeled, and diced into roughly -inch pieces tablespoon canola oil salt optional and pepper to taste tablespoon balsamic vinegar teaspoon finely chopped fresh parsley preheat oven to 375 f. toss the beets with oil, salt if desired , and pepper to coat evenly. place the beets in a baking dish and roast for to minutes, or until tender when pierced with a fork. remove the beets from the oven, add vinegar, and mix right away with a spatula, scraping any caramelized bits off the bottom of the dish. transfer beets to a serving dish, garnish with fresh parsley, and serve. nutritional information per serving: calories: protein: g carbohydrate: g fiber: g sodium: mg saturated fat: g polyunsaturated fat: g monounsaturated fat: g trans fat: g cholesterol: mg the aim of the harvard school of public health nutrition source is to provide timely information on diet and nutrition for clinicians, allied health professionals, and the public. the contents of this web site are not intended to offer personal medical advice. you should seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on this web site. the information does not mention brand names, nor does it endorse any particular products.
__label__non_math	1.0000	spicy broccolini with red pepper recipe courtesy of nina simonds most supermarkets offer broccolini, which looks similar to rapini, but the flavor is less bitter. you can steam, boil, or stir-fry broccoli or rapini. nina likes to blanch these types of vegetables in advance until near-tender, refresh them, and then stir-fry over very high heat just before serving. - pounds broccolini, rapini, chinese or western broccoli or flowering rape - tablespoons virgin olive oil - teaspoon crushed dried chili flakes - small red bell pepper, cored, seeded, and cut into -inch dice - cloves garlic, smashed with the flat edge of a knife, skins removed, and sliced thinly - teaspoon salt, or to taste - juice of lemon or about 2 tablespoons cut away the tough end of the broccolini or rapini, and peel away the tough outer skin from the stems. separate the stalks or tougher part of the vegetable from the more tender part flowerets . cut the stalks into -inch lengths and separate the flowerets. bring quarts water to a boil, add the tougher part stalks of the vegetable and cook for about minutes or until almost tender, but al dente. add the remaining part of the vegetable and cook for another minute, or until the vegetable is tender. drain and refresh briefly in cold water. drain again. heat a wok or a heavy skillet, add the oil, and heat until hot, about seconds. add the chili flakes, red pepper, and sliced garlic. stir-fry over medium-high heat for minutes or until the red pepper is slightly tender. add the broccolini and toss lightly over high heat to mix for a minute. add the lemon juice and salt and toss lightly to mix. stir together and taste for seasoning, adjusting if necessary. scoop onto a platter or into a bowl and serve. serve hot, at room temperature, or cold. nutritional information per serving: calories: 100 protein: g carbohydrate: g fiber: g sodium: 240 mg saturated fat: g polyunsaturated fat: g monounsaturated fat: g trans fat: g cholesterol: mg nina simonds is one of the country s leading authorities on asian cooking. she is the author of books on chinese cuisine and culture, including the best-selling asian noodles, a spoonful of ginger, and spices of life, which won the james beard foundation book award for health. her food health lifestyle web site, features videos with some of the country s most prominent experts and chefs in food and health. she is a member of the nutrition round table at the harvard school of public health. the aim of the harvard school of public health nutrition source is to provide timely information on diet and nutrition for clinicians, allied health professionals, and the public. the contents of this web site are not intended to offer personal medical advice. you should seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on this web site. the information does not mention brand names, nor does it endorse any particular products.
__label__non_math	0.9981	salt reduction strategies tasting success with cutting salt twenty-five science based strategies culinary insights department of nutrition, harvard school of public health the culinary institute of america table of contents what portion size, produce, fresh foods, and healthy fats have to do with sodium reduction why a stealth health approach can help everyone cut back on salt which foods are highest in sodium, and how to make lower sodium choices from the farm to the table, there are many ways to boost flavor that are light on salt future research can guide the way to compelling reduced sodium flavors download a pdf of read more about the creation of the institute of medicine s newly released report, strategies to reduce sodium intake in the united states, focuses on big-picture strategies for reining in america s salt habit. although the report s recommendations represent an essential step forward, there are many things that individuals, chefs, and organizations can do right now to reduce sodium. consumers can use these tips when they cook at home, shop in the supermarket, or choose a meal at their favorite restaurant. chefs and product developers can tap these ideas in the professional kitchen. media representatives, healthcare professionals, and food marketers can mine this list for ways to promote positive and delicious nutrition messages about cutting salt. many of these guidelines offer a stealth health approach to sodium reduction ways that sodium can be reduced with no change or minimal change to consumer food experiences or choices. others suggest ways to rebalance and re-imagine food choices as well as introduce new foods that can easily translate into satisfying meals. these culinary insights are in addition to valuable food science research already underway on the role of salt in foods and salt substitutes. the good news is that most of these guidelines support broader diet recommendations for good health. no sodium reduction effort will succeed if it undermines the flavor of our foods and the role that food plays in our lives. that s why we urge a wide-ranging, innovative approach to sodium reduction on the part of all stakeholders, one that puts as much emphasis on culinary insight, taste, and flavor as on the scientific and public health imperatives. . downsize your portions: you ll scale back the sodium and the calories . a good rule of thumb is that the more calories a meal has, the more sodium it has. two out of three americans need to lose weight. so skip the supersize. share a dish when dining out. you can cut your salt and trim your waist. our bodies need more potassium than sodium. but most americans diets are just the opposite, which can contribute to high blood pressure. fruits and vegetables are naturally low in sodium, and many fruits and vegetables are good sources of potassium. filling your plate with them will boost your potassium and shift the sodium-potassium balance in your favor. and chefs and product developers would do well to think about produce first when designing menus. the next time you are tempted to say, i won t like lower sodium foods think of biting into a crunchy apple, juicy orange, or sweet strawberry. not missing the sodium? . get fresh: choose unprocessed and minimally processed foods. processed foods and prepared foods are the greatest sources of sodium in the american diet percent by some estimates . by choosing fresh foods, you can decide how much or how little salt to add. processed, cured meats typically have much more sodium than fresh meats, and canned vegetables usually have more sodium than fresh vegetables. going easy on processed foods makes sense for general good health, as processing often leads to a loss of nutrients and other benefits of whole or semi-intact foods. . embrace healthy fats and oils: a savory strategy to lower sodium levels. unfortunately, the big low-fat and no-fat product push in the s wasn t rooted in sound science. many well-meaning product developers cut both the good and bad fats out of formulations, and in order to maintain consumer acceptance of their products, they were forced to increase levels of sugar and sodium. so breathe easy, and skip most fat-free salad dressings and other similar products, and you ll be doing your blood pressure a favor. one more good news tip: fat in the diet doesn t make you fat . stealth health: the most delicious approach to sodium reduction. for many foods and preparations, the average person can t detect moderate to substantial differences in sodium levels, including reductions of up to as much as percent. that s great news. in fact, many food manufacturers and restaurant companies have already made or are in the process of making substantial cuts in sodium some all at once and some over time that their customers will not be able to detect. . retrain your taste buds: you can learn to savor foods with less salt. studies have found that we can shift our sense of taste to enjoy foods with lower levels of sodium. one key to success: make the changes gradually and consistently over a period of time, rather than trying to cut back by a large amount all at once unless of course you find that an immediate percent reduction in sodium doesn t undermine your enjoyment of a particular food . try this trick: combine a reduced sodium version of a favorite product e.g., vegetable soup with a regular version in proportions that gradually favor the reduced sodium version. as time goes on, you won t miss the salt. . try a little romance: sea salt and other secrets of the healthy kitchen. most sea salt has about the same level of sodium as other salts, but who doesn t perk up with the mention of sea salt? it sounds like your favorite chef has taken charge of your dinner. you don t need to spend the money on sea salt, just remember that we eat with our eyes and ears, not just our mouths and we make decisions about how much we are likely to enjoy a given food long before it gets to our mouths. so instead of calling something low sodium, try language like with a touch of sea salt, citrus-infused or garlic-scented, and you ll likely entice more people to taste and enjoy reduced sodium dishes. finally, for those who think low sodium is the exact opposite of a compelling, positive message, remember that there is a big difference between well-prepared low-sodium foods and badly executed low-sodium foods. bad cooking is just bad cooking, independent of sodium levels. . target high-volume sodium sources: prioritize your efforts. know which ingredients and individual foods are high in sodium, and eat them sparingly. understand which categories of foods contribute the most sodium to our diets through repeated daily and weekly consumption. salt is ubiquitous in the american diet, but this top list of food sources of sodium in the u.s. diet is a good place to focus. the list is based on the combination of each item s sodium content and the frequency of consumption. choose carefully when buying foods in these categories and or eat less of these items: - meat pizza - white bread - processed cheese - hot dogs - spaghetti with sauce - cooked rice - white rolls - flour tortillas . scan the label: look for foods with less than 300 milligrams of sodium per serving. canned, boxed, frozen, and prepared foods can be high in sodium. check the label for sodium amounts and choose foods that have less than 300 milligrams per serving. but pay attention to serving sizes, as they are often unrealistically small. a good rule of thumb for label reading is to look for no more than one milligram of sodium per one calorie of food. you may be surprised to find foods that are high in sodium but that don t list salt in the ingredients. that s because there are other forms of sodium used in food processing, and these all contribute to the total amount of sodium listed in the nutrition facts. examples of these ingredients include monosodium glutamate, sodium citrate, sodium bicarbonate, and sodium alginate. . compare, compare, compare: sodium levels vary widely for the same or similar grocery items. compare brands of processed food, including breads, cured meats, cheeses, snack foods, and other foods, choosing those with the lowest levels of sodium that still taste good. you ll find that there s a surprising degree of variation from brand to brand, since some food manufacturers have already made great strides toward cutting the sodium levels in their products and others never added as much sodium in the first place. . watch out for hidden sodium: looks and taste can be deceiving. fresh and natural meats and poultry may be injected with salt solutions as part of their processing, and manufacturers are not required to list the sodium content on the label. the best way to find out whether your favorite brand has been treated with a salt solution is to ask the grocer or butcher, or to call the toll-free consumer hotline on the product s label. some foods that are high in sodium may not taste especially salty, such as breakfast cereals, bakery muffins, energy drinks, and sports drinks. . scan the menu, speak to your server: seek low-salt menu options when dining out. at the upper end of the spectrum, some chain restaurant and fast-food meals can top ,000 ,000 milligrams of sodium per serving. it is common to find sandwiches and fast-food entr es with ,000 ,500 milligrams of sodium per serving as much as or more than a day s recommended sodium intake. with foodservice or food away from home now accounting for nearly percent of the consumer food dollar, both foodservice and food manufacturing together with consumers and home cooks need to be part of the solution to the sodium reduction challenge. some tips for consumers: sodium levels can vary widely from one dish to another and from one restaurant to another. check restaurant websites for sodium information before you head out, or ask your server to steer you to low-salt choices. save high-salt choices for very limited special occasions. increasingly, chain restaurants are responding to calls for sodium reduction, so watch for news about such initiatives by your favorite restaurant group. . farming for flavor: a new health imperative. we should recognize that the national conversation about salt and sodium should not be just about salty taste and sodium reduction, but about flavor in our foods in general. for much of the 20th century, our national food and agricultural focus has been on quantity and value and quality often as a function of consistency, appearance, safety, convenience, and shelf life. if natural flavor sometimes suffered, there was always fat often saturated fats and trans fats , sugar, and salt to take up the slack all high-impact, low-cost flavor enhancers that most people love. but at a time when we have over-delivered on the promise of affordable calories, and both salt and sugar and all refined carbohydrates are turning out to have serious negative health consequences, we need to refocus our attention on enhancing natural flavors. as a practical matter, this means growing more flavorful tomatoes at the same time we try to reduce the sodium in tomato soup. . know your seasons, and, even better, your local farmer. shop for raw ingredients with maximum natural flavor, thereby avoiding the need to add as much if any sodium. seek out peak-of-season produce from farmers markets and your local supermarket. one of the easiest ways to reduce the need for added salt is through the use of ingredients such as spices, dried and fresh herbs, roots such as garlic and ginger , citrus, vinegars, and wine. from black pepper, cinnamon and turmeric to fresh basil, chile peppers and lemon juice, these flavor enhancers create excitement on the palate and can do it with less sodium. . go nuts for healthy fats in the kitchen. as chefs and home cooks know, fat is a great carrier and enhancer of flavor. using the right healthy fats from roasted nuts and avocados to olive, canola, soybean, and other oils can help make up for any flavor loss from using less salt. some healthy fats contribute their own flavors think peanut butter and extra virgin olive oil , while other fats help to juice up flavor in pan searing and frying. for creative cooks, roasted nuts ground with spices extend and leverage small amounts of salt, such as in the middle eastern spice mixture. umami pronounced oo-mah-me , or savoriness, is the so-called fifth taste that in recent years sensory scientists have brought into the mainstream of academic research. foods that are naturally high in a compound called l-glutamate trigger our umami taste receptors. cooked chicken, fish, beef, and soybeans are naturally high in umami, as are mushrooms, tomatoes, seaweed, carrots, and chinese cabbage. incorporating these foods into meals can add a delicious depth of flavor without adding salt. some foods that are high in umami are also high in sodium, including soy sauce, fish sauce, aged cheeses, miso, and anchovy paste. the cook s best strategy: use these ingredients in small amounts instead of adding salt, reducing the overall sodium in the dish. check out these two recipes from the culinary institute of america that boost umami : take the time to learn some simple cooking techniques that can make your cooking less reliant on sodium. searing and saut ing foods in a pan builds flavor try searing umami-rich mushrooms in a hot pan with oil, and now you have a double flavor-building impact . wait save your sodium budget to enhance the flavors of produce, whole grains, nuts and legumes, and other healthy ingredients versus overspending it on salty snacks, heavily processed food, high-sodium fast foods, and other foods that we should be consuming in smaller amounts. we all love treats, and most of us have to eat on the run occasionally that s why they call it fast food . but if we do this too often in a way that blows our sodium budget, we come up short without enough tools to enhance the flavors of healthy, everyday cooking. the best intentions to reduce sodium are definitely going to run aground when too many high-sodium ingredients are aggregated in the same dish. rethink that double bacon cheeseburger or the breakfast special with ham and sausage. pickles, capers, cured meats, grated aged cheeses, mustard, catsup, soy sauce, hot sauce, smoked fish, and other condiments and specialty foods all bring added satisfaction to the table. there is no need to give up condiments, which in many cases represent culinary traditions that are centuries old. in some cases, reduced sodium versions of these are now available; in other cases, we can just use them more sparingly. . go global: discover a world of ideas for flavor development. look to global culinary traditions from europe and the mediterranean, latin america, asia and africa for healthy ideas to transform fruits, vegetables, and other healthy ingredients into exciting flavors and meals. because many of these world culinary traditions build up flavor in such novel, complex, and intriguing ways, cooks are under less pressure to use as much sodium. sometimes these flavors will appear in the u.s. or their native countries in higher sodium versions, but the culinary ideas for lower sodium strategies are still there, embedded in traditional cultural approaches to flavor development that go way beyond fat, salt, and sugar our all-too-frequent default flavor enhancers in the u.s. . two international recipe suggestions are: avoid double salting your foods when cooking, and look for ways to pair salted flavors with unsalted or under-salted foods, especially fresh produce. if you are adding a little cheese to your salad, you don t need much or any salt in your dressing. if you are adding a ham bone to a soup pot, lighten up on the sodium for the rest of the soup. in a sandwich, try adding sliced cucumber instead of pickles. a pot of brown rice or whole grain pasta doesn t need to be salted if you are serving it with other adequately seasoned items or sauces. and an adequately seasoned crust or condiment may lessen the need for salting the rest of the dish. . rinse, wash, and dilute: you can easily cut some of the excess sodium in processed foods with no loss of flavor. draining and rinsing canned foods can dramatically cut their sodium levels in the case of canned beans, cooks can cut percent of the sodium with this trick. when making soup, dilute reduced sodium chicken broth with water or wine instead of using it full strength, and float in some additional vegetables and herbs. . whole grains: beyond bread and sandwiches. collectively, because we eat so much of it, bread is one of the largest contributors of sodium to our diets. even whole grain bread, while a healthier choice than white, can contain considerable sodium. but only part of the sodium in bread is for taste: much of it is used to help the bread-making process and preserve the final results. you can skip that extra salt when you use these marvelous whole grains by themselves. try a mediterranean-inspired whole grain salad with chopped vegetables, nuts, and legumes, perhaps a small amount of cheese, herbs and spices, and healthy oils and vinegar or citrus. you can enjoy many of the same flavors you love in a sandwich, but in a delicious new form that has much less sodium. for breakfast, cook up steel cut oats, farro, or other intact whole grains with a generous amount of fresh or dried fruit, and you can skip the toast and the extra sodium . . kick the auto-salt habit: taste before you salt. too many of us have the habit of reaching for the salt shaker as soon as our plates are put in front of us. try taking the salt shaker off the table and making it available upon request only. always, always taste your food before you salt: maybe you don t need the extra sodium. and in the kitchen, add salt late in the cooking process. foods release their flavors and salt, in the case of salted ingredients during the cooking process, and palate fatigue on the part of the cook can cause over-salting if this is undertaken too early. given how vital sodium reduction is, and how embedded sodium is in our food supply, culinary techniques, flavor strategies, manufacturing methods, and marketing assumptions, it is essential that we conduct additional research to shed more light on which sodium reduction strategies are most effective. the challenges here are far more complex than they were for trans fats, which are more easily isolated and replaced in the food supply. in addition to food science and engineering fixes to the high-sodium problem, we need to engage chefs, menu developers, consumer opinion researchers, and a wide range of flavor experts in developing and pursuing key research questions. with the benefit of this research, we will be better positioned to create reduced sodium flavors and food choices that consumers find not just acceptable, but compelling. . institute of medicine.. . . grocery manufacturers association.. washington, d.c., . the president and fellows of harvard college and the culinary institute of america
__label__non_math	0.9287	institutional review board, hospital for special surgery the safety of study participants is our top priority. the trial is approved and periodically reviewed by an institutional review board irb , which includes doctors, administrators, ethicists, and members of the general public. the safety of clinical trials is reviewed by the u.s. food and drug administration. before enrolling in a clinical trial, the investigator will explain the purpose of the trial, its expected benefits, any possible risks or side effects, and what your role will be. this is the time to ask questions for further information, see understanding clinical trials. howard j. hillstrom, md, phd sherry i. backus, pt, dpt, ma andrew kraszewski, ms mark lenhoff, bs allison brown, phd, pt 100 runners, male and female, will be enrolled in this registry. subjects will take part in a comprehensive analysis of their running mechanics, strength, structure, muscle function, and foot pressure patterns. all data will be collected during visit that will last approximately -hours. this study will not require any additional time commitment from normal, uninjured participants recruited from other running-related studies. all subjects must be: between the ages of and years old running at least miles per week subjects will be excluded from participation in this study if they have any of the following characteristics: have a history of systemic, metabolic, neurological, or musculoskeletal disease that would affect lower extremity function have a history of running-related injury in the last six months wear orthotic devices of any type while running jocelyn hafer, ma
__label__non_math	1.0000	the today show new york city back pain: it can strike without notice as you fling that heavy bag over your shoulder or lift your crying toddler. unfortunately, it s bound to happen. an estimated percent of adults will suffer from backaches at some point in their lives. americans spend at least billion a year on low back pain. a leading cause for missed work, back pain strikes both men and women. one of the most common culprits: the plain old muscle strain. another common ailment: a ruptured disc that pushes into the spinal canal, putting pressure on the nerve, causing a herniated or slipped disc. as women age, they become more susceptible to degenerative disc disease. back pain is often not only treatable, but avoidable with the proper care. men and women suffer equally from back pain, but there are a lot of physical characteristics that make women more susceptible to back pain, including pregnancy, right? to view the full story, visit the today show website.
__label__non_math	1.0000	health technology the sahr provides valuable policy and empirical information on a range of issues that are related to and impact on the negotiated service delivery agreement and primary health care re-engineering as envisaged by the national department of health ndoh . a range of experts provide commentary on topics ranging from rural health, health technology to human resources. sahr also contains a section on core health issues, where developments in health information systems, financing health care, and health legislation and policy are discussed. the review concludes with the indicators chapter which presents a selection of the best available data on the functioning and performance of the health system.
__label__non_math	1.0000	welcome to our home we hope you can find everything you need. hta photography is focused on providing high-quality service and customer satisfaction - we will do everything we can to meet your expectations. we provide photography services for events: - birthday parties adult child - baby showers - family events - church events we are here to make sure that your event has photographs that you will remember for years to come. so please look around our website and if you have any comments or questions, please feel free to contact us at 240 431- or email we hope to see you again and thank you for visiting hta photography
__label__non_math	0.9999	this high quality electric screen features da-lite's motor in-the-roller design for smooth quiet operation. the narrow profile of the cosmopolitan allows the steel case to be mounted on the wall, inside a soffit or suspended from a ceiling. includes decora three position rocker switch hardware. matte white fabric up to ' high will be seamless. available in matte white, high contrast matte white, video spectra ., and high power fabrics. case color available in white or black. white case standar. black case available at surcharge on larger sizes. veneers available in honey maple, medium oak, heritage walnut, mahogany, light oak, natural walnut and cherry. custom sizes and additional drop may be ordered.
__label__non_math	1.0000	email this page to a friend privacy security the hubert.com web site is maintained by the hubert company, llc. our address is dry fork road, harrison, oh . our data collection and use policies with respect to the site are set forth in this statement. by using this site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. as a part of our commitment to your privacy, hubert supports and adheres to the guidelines and practices adopted by the direct marketing association's "privacy promise to american consumers." we have agreed to provide customers with notice of their ability to opt out of information rental, sale or exchange with other marketers; honor customers' requests not to share their information with other marketers; and honor customers' requests not to receive mail, telephone or other solicitations from hubert. collecting information about you in general, you can visit many of our web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. we may track the internet domain address from which people visit us and analyze this data for trends and statistics. we use information collected on the site to evaluate how the site is being used. for example, we may collect and analyze information about how many visitors went to certain pages, how long they stayed at those pages and where they went afterwards. this information allows us to determine which pages are popular and enables us to provide visitors with a more enriching experience on our web site. however, individual users will remain anonymous, unless you voluntarily tell us who you are. there may be times such as when you order a product, subscribe to a service, register to receive catalogs, or to participate in contests, sweepstakes or promotions, etc. when we ask you to provide certain information about yourself, such as your name, shipping billing address, telephone number, email address, purchase order number, credit card information, birth date, gender, occupation, personal interests, etc. we also maintain a record of your online product purchases. whether or not to provide such information is completely your own choice. but if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to purchase products, or access certain services, offers and content on our web site. using information about you we use the personally identifiable information you provide for internal purposes, such as confirming and tracking your order, registration, analyzing trends and statistics, informing you of our new products, services, and offers, etc to serve you better, we may combine information you give us online or off-line. we use that combined information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us, and to communicate with you about our products and events that may be of interest to you. although unlikely, in certain instances we may disclose your personally identifiable information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, to hubert or to others. hubert may also disclose your personally identifiable information when we believe the law requires it. editing, updating, correcting and deleting information about you we want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. if you prefer not to receive information from us via email, please let us know by calling .800.543. in the u.s. or .888.835. in canada or by sending an email. please be sure to include your email address and full name. if you would like to update or correct your email address, street address or other personal information with us, please contact us the same way. because we need to update our records, sometimes these requests may take up to days to be effective. in addition, when you purchase from us online or through our catalogs we may need to contact you via email to address questions specific to your order, even if you have opted to not receive communications. please remember, if you delete certain information you may not be able to continue to purchase products or access other portions of our web site without entering additional information. hubert never sells, rents or shares your email address. we are very concerned about the growth of spam email messages, and we know that you are, too. we believe that spam jeopardizes the right of legitimate companies to conduct business electronically, both now and in the future. the purpose of our email messages is to provide you with ideas or offers that will help you conduct business more successfully. our emails are designed to be timely, targeted and interesting. we use sophisticated encryption and authentication tools to protect the security of your personal information that you share with us. unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be secure. as a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our web site, and you do so at your own risk. once we receive your transmission, we will do our best to protect its security on our systems. also remember to sign off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit. this is to ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place such as a library or internet cafe. links to third party sites attn: marketing dept dry fork road harrison, oh .
__label__non_math	1.0000	army dad told prayer flags have to goa hudson man is refusing to take down the buddhist prayer flags he attached to the exterior of his rented townhouse the day his son left for basic training in the u.s. army. by: randy hanson, hudson star-observer a hudson man is refusing to take down the buddhist prayer flags he attached to the exterior of his rented townhouse the day his son left for basic training in the u.s. army. don chering got a phone call from his landlady last week telling him that she had received a letter from the lighthouse villas homeowners association ordering the prayer flags to be removed by the end of the month. chering put up the prayer flags and an american flag on nov. , the day his son aaron left for basic training in the u.s. army at fort sill, okla. as a practicing buddhist, the flags are his way of supporting the troops and his son s military service, chering says. he told his landlady who he said was apologetic about relating the association s order that he wouldn t comply with the demand. i said, you know that is a violation of certain constitutional rights. this probably isn t going to be the last you re going to hear about it from me. there are limits to what is acceptable and what s not acceptable. i don t think flying a flag to represent your country or your belief system is something the homeowners association should dictate to us, chering related to a reporter last thursday. chering, his wife sandee and their two sons have resided at the townhouse on bridgewater trail in the lighthouse subdivision for five years. they moved to hudson for the services the school district had to offer their younger special needs son, dan. chering is a british citizen, but has lived in the united states for years. he came to this country after marrying sandee, a native of northern minnesota. the two met when she was a flight attendant for pan am world airways and came to chering s london real estate office looking for an apartment to rent. he s now a safety manager for dart transit company at the trucking firm s headquarters in eagan, minn. sandee is a cashier at the county market grocery store in hudson. i m more patriotic than a lot of americans even though i m still a british citizen, chering said. he finds it ironic that his son joined the army to protect american freedoms, and the local homeowners association in his view is trying to oppress his religious freedom. chering said he grew up in an evangelical christian family, but grew dissatisfied with the religion and eventually began investigating buddhism seven or eight years ago. he took his buddhist vows in . the basic teaching of buddhism is to stop hurting other people and yourself, he said. it s a very rich tradition of compassion, he said, and added with a laugh, i m not very good at it. no one has been asked to take the christmas lights off their townhouses, chering noted. he said he s not sure if the homeowners association is demanding that he take down the american flag, too. his landlady told him that the association s rules say nothing can be attached to the exterior of the townhouses. the association rules are unconstitutional if they allow one type of flag, but not another, chering contended. we re a community, and they want to homogenize everybody, he said. we live side-by-side as christians and buddhists. outside are christmas lights, prayer flags and an american flag. that s how we should be living in this country. that s what our founding fathers intended for us. we shouldn t be pushing each other around. we shouldn t be forcing our beliefs on other people. and we sure as heck shouldn t be stopping other people from practicing their beliefs respectfully in a way that doesn t hurt anybody. he said a neighbor was forced to remove a basketball hoop because the association said it was an eyesore. applegate property management of stillwater, minn., manages the lighthouse villa townhouses. a company spokesperson wouldn t comment on chering s green, yellow, blue, white and red prayer flags other than to say that applegate is hired to manage the property and enforce the bylaws of the homeowners association. she wouldn t divulge the names of association board members. i m not taking the flags down, chering said when asked how he planned to respond to the order for their removal. he said he s contacted the american civil liberties union to see if the organization will pursue legal action on his behalf. i m not a wealthy man, so i can t afford a pile of lawyers to defend my liberties, but i m hoping that by sharing my story the homeowners association will have a change of heart, he added.
__label__non_math	0.9994	you start with one person. and if you can get one person to really like you and your band, i mean gushhhh over you like a -year-old over one direction, then, one fan will become two, two will become three, three will become four. so chill out, take off the sunglasses, and hang with your fans. this was my big dream -- to work with sting. i experienced first-hand his brilliance and his unique ability to draw out the best in those around him. he took care of his body and his instrument. no matter what the situation, he was always prepared, and he expected the same of us. when summer finally hits in the great white north, it blooms into a music festival paradise. from osheaga in montreal to nxne in toronto to the folk festivals out west, this land was made for music fans. here are some of the best fests happening this summer. i don't want to have to compromise my morals in order to make a living. i don't want my words to be taken out of context. i don't want to be infantilized because i refuse to be sexualized. i don't want to be molested at shows or on the street by people who perceive me as an object that exists for their personal satisfaction. i'm tired of men who aren't professional or even accomplished musicians continually offering to "help me out" without being asked , as if i did this by accident and i'm gonna flounder without them. i'm sad that my desire to be treated as an equal and as a human being is interpreted as hatred of men. sadly, neither drake nor director x was there to accept the award. they robbed me of probably my best moment to run on stage and "pull a kanye." i think that's what sent me into the downward spiral. i ordered another drink. then a double. then a triple. and a regina triple is pretty stiff, let me tell you i set off on a journey around the country to interview record stores who i thought would be amongst the last shops standing to find out what they had done to survive whilst hundreds of others had failed. my book was made into a movie, and is now the official film of record store day on april . it never occurred to me that my music and sexuality could be helpful in this way. i have just always written what i write. but never as a political act. but today i sang in front of several hundred queer high school students. my lyrics suddenly took on new meaning. i can't stop thinking how this conference could have completely changed my youth. sxsw has such a palpable hedonism. it is a parade of acts, a carnival of different kinds of food, sunshine, and music heard in every street. though i guess i am 'here to work,' i would love to experience this festival, as a performer, responsibility free am i a diva? . i write here about my experience not as an administrator since i am not one of those, or even as a librarian although i am one of those. i offer this opinion only as an impenitent bin rat that has collected songs going back to the original days of vinyl. say what you will, but after the spectacle died down and the top honor of the night went to mumford sons' album babel, at least one thing is clear: we are in the midst of the new sincerity. being really into something is cool now, even if that something is, well, god. directors both upstart and established are able to create whatever worlds their imagination and technical know-how can conjure. and quite frankly, when it comes to music videos it's the animated ones that are often more story-rich - not to mention pretty or hallucinatory or just in glorious defiance of the laws of physics. on march , whitehorse will take massey hall's stage for our first ever turn as headliners. melissa and i will do our best not to dwell on the lingering notes left by keith richards, roy orbison, glenn gould, kd lang and bob dylan as we wind up to cast forth our own hopeful melodies. sometime after the release of buke and gass's riposte in --a striking first impression of a record--the industrious diy duo did something confusing: they changed their name..slightly...to buke and gase. when the indie-electronic band tanlines landed on the scene in march , their arrival was one of great commotion. their third music video, "not the same," debuts this week and was, as band member jesse cohen put it, a "labor of love." for all you sword fans, the fantasists have released their first official music video, "the veil of isis," from their latest album, apocryphon. t's no secret that music has a unique way of unifying people across cultures, geographies and communities. it takes exceptional artists and performers to build those stories to which many can relate. nick africano, whose music blends folk, soul, storytelling and rock, does just that.
__label__non_math	1.0000	celebrating steve jobs: tech tourists head to inventor's childhood home photos share this story apple founder and former ceo steve jobs succumbed to his long battle with pancreatic cancer on wednesday, leaving behind an enduring legacy. jobs' childhood home in los altos has long been an attraction, patch reports. the ,793-foot home was the birthplace of apple. jobs and steve wozniak famously created apple in the home's garage in . as george lowden, a stanford grad who was visiting family in the area in august, told patch, he brought his two sons to the home to show them where apple was born. "these kids like computers and apple in particular, so since we're here on vacation, we thought we'd drive by and i'd show them. we made a detour so the boys could see where apple was formed." in the days and weeks ahead, it seems that jobs' childhood home, as well as his palo alto residence and apple's cupertino headquarters, will only get more popular with tourists and fans wanting to be a part of the entrepreneurs legacy. yet this is hardly the first time that the sites where an inventor worked found second life as a tourist attraction. every year people flock to thomas edison's winter residence in fort myers, florida and to the henry ford museum in dearborn, michigan to celebrate the lives and genius of people who so profoundly effected american and global culture.
__label__non_math	1.0000	cent super bowl bet: rapper will tweet nude photo if giants lose game rapper cent is a betting man and he's about to make this year's super bowl a little more interesting. the -year-old rapper, whose real name is curtis jackson, reportedly won a bet on the new york giants in the nfc championship game, but he's wagering even more on the giants' ability to take down the new england patriots on feb. . the rapper quickly responded to the bet agreeing that he'll post a nude photo of himself and said she'd post photo of both her "boobs and face" if the giants win. will cent really tweet nude photos of himself if his team loses? guess we'll have to wait and see. more celebs who overshare on twitter: rihanna released more than 150 snapshots from her own personal collection, including a few of her skinny dipping. kim kardashian tweeted a sneak peek at the photo shoot she was doing on april . alicia silverstone chews her son's food before spitting it directly into his mouth. gross this is actually a good day. we've never seen courtney in pants meghan tweeted: "my 'spontaneous' night in is my andy warhol biography and takeout....i'm getting old" dean mcdermott accidentally tweeted a photo of his son, while wife tori spelling was topless in the background. case in point. we've never been so offended by a day of the week. miley cyrus is far from naked here, but she managed to cause an internet brouhaha late last month when her director, adam shankman, tweeted these snaps. katy perry posted a naked pic from the bathtub. recovering from the flu, she tweeted an explanation of the pizza: "why is it that after not eating for three days all i can think of is food...food is smiling at me...luring me with sexual seduction." the bathtime fun continues. that's lenny kravitz and his bare rear end. lindsay lohan tweeted this topless pic. "i'm that bored," she wrote. ashton kutcher snapped this picture of his wife demi moore and posted it on his twitter feed when the pair were in the caribbean for bruce willis' wedding. lance tweeted this back in march, showing off his taped-up scar after he had surgery to fix his broken collarbone
__label__non_math	0.7259	we have a new favorite chicken-nugget-shaped-like-another-thing. we all remember the "zombie" chicken nugget. how about the george washington-shaped chicken nugget? look -- those nuggets have nothing on the mythical flying magic show that is the pegasus-unicorn chicken nugget. as discoverer mushrooms roses put it: "so i was eating my chicken strips when all of a sudden... you guessed it... unicorn." the majesty of it is almost too much for us. we actually can't think of a better thing to say about this than obvious winner did: "someone shrink me so i can ride it into a rainbow of sauces." also on huffpost:
__label__non_math	0.9979	last year at the conservative political action conference cpac , the national rifle association's executive vice president wayne lapierre told america, "the guys with the guns make the rules." after jared loughner "you don't have to accept the federalist laws" took the nra's advice to heart and shot congresswoman gabrielle giffords and federal judge john roll at tucson--along with other innocents--lapierre took the stage at cpac again on thursday to deliver an angry, fear-mongering speech that seemed to call the very legitimacy of our government into question. lapierre's invective touched on a number of emotional touchstones for the conservative movement in the u.s. "government has failed us with our money," he told cpac attendees. "it's failed us with our financial institutions. it's failed in running our post offices and our trains. it's failed in enforcing our immigrations laws and our drug laws, and our laws on the books against violent criminals with guns. heck, they can barely get the snow plowed." in lapierre's revisionist history, it wasn't loose gun laws and violent politic rhetoric that led to tucson. it was the government's creation of "gun-free zones" and "anti-self defense laws" that were at fault. such policies, in lapierre's view, "condemned the victims in tucson to death without so much as a prayer." for a minute, forget the sheer hypocrisy of it all. forget that arizona has some of the weakest gun laws in the nation, allowing individuals to carry loaded handguns in public without any type of permit or screening. forget that an armed citizen was on the scene in tucson, and nearly shot a good samaritan who had already disarmed loughner. forget that the nra described the brady bill as an "executioner's tool" and filed lawsuits in nine states to void it entirely the supreme court wouldn't go that far, but did agree with the nra in printz v. u.s. that the federal government couldn't compel local police to conduct background checks on gun purchasers . forget that the nra has fought vehemently against the renewal of the assault weapons ban, which includes a ban on high-capacity ammunition magazines. forget even that lapierre's sole motivation is profit for the gun industry. forget all that, and let's look at the crux of lapierre's speech -- a disturbing call for the privatization of law enforcement through the implementation of a militia movement untethered to government authority. lapierre opened his argument at cpac with the familiar refrain that government is an "abject failure" that "can't protect us." he suggested that the united states is currently in a state of lawlessness, rattling off statistics about murder, rape, assault and theft and telling cpac attendees, "as soon as you leave this hall, your life is in jeopardy." simultaneously, he lamented budget cuts to police departments across the country. but lapierre isn't seeking to use his organization's political muscle to restore this funding. instead, his formula for securing communities is the activation of neighborhood militias. referring to the current situation in egypt, lapierre stated, "anyone who thinks the second amendment is outdated had better take a look at what is happening in egypt right now." his takeaway from the revolution is an idyllic fantasy about " armed citizens coming together, in the face of lawlessness, to protect their neighborhoods." this is in stark contrast to the rest of the world, which witnessed and documented the awesome power of nonviolence as a force for democratic change in egypt. lapierre's homage to citizen militias sounds curiously familiar. following hurricane katrina, the nra promoted a conspiracy theory about mass gun confiscations in katrina and compared new orleans officials to mao, stalin and hitler. in reality, citizens who decided to remain in the city were well armed, including a private militia in algiers point, a predominantly white neighborhood that remained relatively dry and undamaged. in the words of a nation reporter, "they stockpiled handguns, assault rifles, shotguns and at least one uzi and began patrolling the streets in pickup trucks and suvs. the newly formed militia, a loose band of about fifteen to thirty residents, most of them men, all of them white, was looking for thieves, outlaws or, as one member put it, anyone who simply 'didn't belong.'" evidence indicates that at least african-americans were attacked and shot in the neighborhood as they attempted to reach a nearby evacuation zone. the militia members openly bragged about their exploits, stating, "it was like pheasant season." algiers point showed that government is a necessary ingredient in ensuring public safety. without an impartial mechanism to resolve disputes and enforce judgments, there can be no individual rights. when the government is not present to enforce the rule of law, there is no such thing as the presumption of innocence or the protections of the jury system. as historian saul cornell put it, "without legal authority, a group of armed citizens acting on their own is little more than a riotous mob." while it may be true that private arms can provide a measure of self-defense, in algiers point we saw firsthand how "law-abiding" citizens with guns don't always do the right thing. this theme is not without precedent--it was an animating factor in the drafting of our own constitution. the idea that second amendment author james madison would have embraced the nra's radical anti-government ideology ignores both our history and the founding father's own words. when asked about the potential power of the federal government at virginia's ratifying convention, madison offered the following: "there never was a government without force. what is the meaning of government? an institution to make people do their duty. a government leaving it to a man to do his duty, or not, as he pleases, would be a new species of government, or rather no government at all." furthermore, madison described the lawlessness of armed mobs during shays' rebellion as a "warning" to our young nation. in the federalist papers he wrote--correctly--that, "liberty may be endangered by the abuse of liberty as well as by the abuses of power ... the former rather than the latter is apparently most to be apprehended by the united states." undoubtedly, madison would have been deeply troubled by the extralegal aggression of the hutaree and other contemporary "patriot" groups. on february , when wayne lapierre declared, "i have a right to protect myself with a gun ... i won't give up my right to exercise this freedom, not one single inch," he was indicating that might makes right, and government has no business refereeing private violence, no matter what the collateral damage. this is completely antithetical to the very concept of government, which serves to safeguard us from the brutal excesses of the state of nature. we must recognize that the nra's insurrectionist ideology not only presents a grave threat to precious human life, but also undermines the very purpose of our constitution. follow josh horwitz on twitter:
__label__non_math	0.9984	hierarchies were the assumed order of organizational life, until people such as warren bennis made an unusual discovery more than a half-century ago: democracy matters. read whole story warren bennis is a master storyteller. if you haven't had the good fortune to meet him in person, his new book will make you feel as if you've known him his whole life. having a mentor like warren bennis not only makes you want to do a better job, it makes you want to be a better person. if shaun white's double mc twist on a twenty-two foot icy half pipe isn't a thrust toward ascension, then what is? get top stories and blogs posts emailed to you each day.
__label__non_math	1.0000	our medical plans, pharmacy plans, and spending accounts will deliver the cost savings and in-demand features you're looking for. whether your organization employs several thousand people or just one, we provide the guidance you need to make smart choices. find basic information about commonly used resources for employers. access newletters, rx tools, and much more. locate customer service phone numbers, access enrollment information, and get answers to your most frequent questions. humana network has ,000 pharmacies, including walgreens. make sure you re getting the most out of your pharmacy benefit. humana updates the drug list to make it more cost-effective humana updates the drug list annually to make the medications you offer patients more cost-effective. these changes also help ensure safety and reduce fraud, waste, and abuse. affordable prescription options for your retirees humana offers a variety of plans that provide the protection and guidance retirees expect. and these plans will also fit your needs. angiotensin receptor blockers arbs do not increase the risk of cancer u.s. food and drug administration fda comprehensive meta-analysis of clinical trials show no greater risk of cancer between arbs and non-arbs. they also show improvement in mortality when using an arb for the treatment of high blood pressure or heart failure. generic drug timeline humana pharmacy solutions tracks the launch of generic medications. this will help you be prepared to take advantage of the savings they offer. allegra and allegra-d available over-the-counter allegra and allegra-d products can now be purchased without a prescription. transitional authorization for benicar humana pharmacy solutions provides transitional authorizations for benicar. new drug purchasing agreement new purchasing agreement helps meet increasing demand for drugs. humana's rightsourcerx ranks highest rightsourcerx , the home-delivery pharmacy, has received the highest national ranking in the "prescription delivery" category among mail-order pharmacies. weight loss drug is taken off the market the diet drug meridia is being withdrawn from the market because it can increase the risk of heart attacks and strokes. recent recalls and warnings when a drug is recalled or removed from the market we send letters to members affected by the event. hps transitions specialty prescriptions to rightsourcerx specialty in september , humana pharmacy solutions opened its own home-delivery specialty pharmacy. questions? we can help. visit customer support
__label__non_math	1.0000	taliban kill afghan girls' school headmaster - alertnet afghanistan has a female literacy rate of .percent, the lowest of any country in the world, according to the united nations human development index logar, afghanistan, may reuters - taliban gunmen killed the headmaster of a girls' school near the afghan capital after he ignored warnings to stop teaching girls, government officials said on wednesday, the latest attack by hardline islamists who oppose education for women. education for women was banned by the taliban government from as un-islamic and there are still periodic attacks against girls attending schools, teachers and school buildings. women have won back some rights since the taliban were toppled by u.s.-backed afghan forces in late , including education and the right to vote.the afghan government and its western backers have pledged to guarantee those advances, although the promise seems precarious as afghan leaders begin a reconciliation process that includes talks with the taliban. development agencies fear that western governments are focusing too heavily on plans to complete a security handover from foreign forces to afghans by the end of without cementing gains for women such as education. girls have returned to schools in recent years, particularly in the capital, kabul, although such rights are harder to enforce in the more remote and conservative areas of afghanistan. khan mohmmad, the head of the porak girls' school in logar province, about an hour's drive from the capital, kabul, was shot dead near his home on tuesday, said deen mohammad darwish, a spokesman for the logar governor.
__label__non_math	0.9984	american poetryif we define poetry as the heart of man expressed in beautiful language, we shall not say that we have no national poetry. true, america has produced no shakespeare and no milton, but we have an inheritance in all english literature; and many poets in america have followed in the footsteps of their literary british forefathers. puritan life was severe. it was warfare, and manual labor of a most exhausting type, and loneliness, and devotion to a strict sense of duty. it was a life in which pleasure was given the least place and duty the greatest. our puritan ancestors thought music and poetry dangerous, than of heaven. when anne bradstreet wrote our first known american poems, she was expressing english thought; "the tenth muse" was not animated by the life around her, but was living in a dream of the land she had left behind; her poems are faint echoes of the poetry of england. after time had identified her with life in the new world, she wrote "contemplations," in which her english nightingales are changed to crickets and her english gilli-flowers to american blackberry vines. the truly representative poetry of colonial times is michael wigglesworth's "day of doom. this is the real heart of the puritan, his conscience, in imperfect rhyme. it fulfills the first part of our definition, but shows by its lack of beautiful style that both elements are necessary to produce real poetry. philip freneau was the first american who sought to express his life in poetry. the test of beauty of language again excludes from real poetry some of his expressions and leaves us a few beautiful lyrics, such as "the wild honeysuckle," in which the poet sings his love of american nature. with them american poetry may be said to begin. the first historical event of national importance was the american revolution. amid the bitter years of want, of suffering, and of war; few men tried to write anything beautiful. life was harsh and stirring and this note was echoed in all the literature. as a result we have narrative and political poetry, such as "the battle of the kegs" and "a fable," dealing almost entirely with events and aiming to arouse military ardor. in "the ballad of nathan hale," the musical expression of bravery, pride, and sympathy raises the poem so far above the rhymes of their period that it will long endure as the most memorable poetic expression of the revolutionary period. poetry was still a thing of the moment, an avocation, not dignified by receiving the best of a man. with william cullen bryant came a change. he told our nation that in the new world as well as in the old some men should live for the beautiful. everything in nature spoke to him in terms of human life. other poets saw the re1ation between their own lives and the life of the flowers and the birds, but bryant constantly expressed this relationship. the concluding stanza of "to a waterfowl" is the most perfect example of this characteristic, but it underlies also the whole thought of his youthful poem "thanatopsis" a view of death . if we could all read the lives of our gentians and bobolinks as he did, there would be more true poetry in america. modern thinkers urge us to step outside of ourselves into the lives of others and by our imagination to share their emotions; this is no new ambition in america; since bryant in "the crowded street" analyzes the life in the faces he sees. until the early part of the nineteenth century american poetry dealt mainly with the facts of history and the description of nature. a new element of fancy is prominent in joseph rodman drake's "the culprit fay." it dances through a long narrative with the delicacy of the fay himself. edgar allan poe brought into our poetry somber sentiment and musical expression. puritan poetry was somber, but it was almost devoid of sentiment. poe loved sad beauty and meditated on the sad things in life. many of his poems lament the loss of some fair one. "to helen," "annabel lee" "lenore," and "to one in paradise" have the theme, while in "the raven" the poet is seeking solace for the loss of lenore. "eulalie--a song" rises, on the other hand to intense happiness. with poe the sound by which his idea was expressed was as important as the thought itself. he knew how to make the sound suit the thought, as in "the raven" and "the bells." one who understands no english can grasp the meaning of the different sections from the mere sound, so clearly distinguishable are the clashing of the brass and the tolling of the iron bells. if we man, we shall find the explanation of these peculiarities: poe was a man of moods and possessed the ability to express these moods in appropriate the contrast between the emotion of poe and the calm spirit of the man who followed him is very great. in henry wadsworth longfellow american poetry reached high-water mark. lacadio hearn in his "interpretations of literature" says: "really i believe that it is a very good test of any englishman's ability to feel poetry, simply to ask him, did you like longfellow when you were a boy?' if he says no,' then it is no use to talk to him on the subject of poetry at all, however much he might be able to tell you about quantities and metres." no american has in equal degree won the name of "household poet." if this term is correctly understood, it sums up his merits more succinctly than can any other longfellow dealt largely with men and women and the emotions common to us all. hiawatha conquering the deer and bison, and hunting in despair for food where only snow and ice abound; evangeline faithful to her father and her lover, and relieving suffering in the rude hospitals of a new world; john alden fighting the battle between love and duty; robert of sicily learning the lesson of humility; sir federigo offering his last possession to the woman he loved; paul revere serving his country in time of need; the monk proving that only a sense of duty done can bring happiness: all these and more express the emotions which we know are true in our own lives. in his longer narrative poems he makes the legends of puritan life real to us; he takes english folk-lore and makes us see othere talking to arthur, and the viking stealing his bride. his short poems are even better known than his longer narratives. in them he expressed his gentle, sincere love of the young, the suffering, and the sorrowful. in the sonnets he showed; that deep appreciation of european literature which made noteworthy his teaching at harvard and his he believed that he was assigned a definite task in the world which he described as follows in his last poem: "as comes the smile to the lips, the foam to the surge; so come to the poet his songs, all hitherward blown from the misty realm, that belongs to the vast unknown. his, and not his, are the lays he sings; and their fame is his, and not his; and the praise and the pride of a name. for voices pursue him by day and haunt him by night, and he listens and needs must obey, when the angel says: 'write john greenleaf whittier seems to suffer by coming in such close proximity to longfellow. genuine he was, but his spirit was less buoyant than longfellow's and he touches our hearts less. most of his early poems were devoted to a current political issue. they aimed to win converts to the cause of anti-slavery. such poems always suffer in time in comparison with the song of a man who sings because "the heart is so full that a drop overfills it." whittier's later poems belong more to this intellects. "the hero" moves us with a desire to serve mankind, and the stirring tone of "barbara frietchie" arouses our patriotism by its picture of the same type of bravery. in similar vein is "barclay of ury," which must have touched deeply the heart of the quaker poet. "the pipes of lucknow" is dramatic in its intense grasp of a climactic hour and loses none of its force in the expression. we can actually hear the skirl of the bagpipes. whittier knew the artists of the world and talked to us about raphael and burns with clear-sighted, affectionate interest. his poems show varied characteristics; the love of the sterner aspects of nature, modified by the appreciation of the humble flower; the conscience of the puritan, tinged with sympathy for the sorrowful; the steadfastness of the quaker, stirred by the fire of the patriot. the poetry of ralph waldo emerson is marked by serious contemplation rather than by warmth of emotional expression. in longfellow the appeal is constantly to a heart which is not disassociated from a brain; in emerson the appeal is often to the intellect alone. we recognize the force of the lesson in "the titmouse," even if it leaves us less devoted citizens than does "the hero" and less capable women than does "evangeline." he reaches his highest excellence when he makes us feel as well as understand a lesson, as in "the concord hymn" and "forbearance." if we could all write on the tablets of our hearts that single stanza, forbearance would be a real factor in life. and it is to this poet whom we call unemotional that we owe this inspiring quatrain: "so nigh is grandeur to our dust, so near is god to man, when duty whispers low, thou must, the youth replies, i can james russell lowell was animated by a well-defined purpose which he described in the following lines: "it may be glorious to write thoughts that make glad the two or three high souls like those far stars that come in sight once in a century. but better far it is to speak one simple word which, now and then shall waken their free nature in the weak and friendless sons of men. to write some earnest verse or line which, seeking not the praise of art, shall make a clearer faith and manhood shine in the untutored heart." his very accomplishments made it difficult for him to reach this aim, since his poetry does not move "the untutored heart" so readily as does that of longfellow or whittier. it is, on the whole, too deeply burdened desire. of his early poems the most generally known is probably "the vision of sir launfal," in which a strong moral purpose is combined with lines of beautiful nature description: "and what is so rare as a day in june? then, if ever, come perfect days. two works by which he will be permanently remembered show a deeper and more effective lowell. "the biglow papers" are the most successful of all the american poems which attempt to improve conditions by means of humor. although they refer in the main to the situation at the time of the mexican war, they deal with such universal political traits that they may be applied to almost any age. they are written in a yankee dialect which, it is asserted, was never spoken, but which enhances the humor, as in "what mr. robinson thinks." lowell's tribute to lincoln occurs in the ode which he wrote to commemorate the harvard students who enlisted in the civil war. after dwelling on the search for truth which should be the aim of every college student, he turns to the delineation of lincoln's character in a eulogy of great beauty. clear in analysis, far- sighted in judgment, and loving in sentiment, he expresses that opinion of lincoln which has become a part of the web of american thought. his is no hurried judgment, but the calm statement of opinion which is to-day accepted by the world: "they all are gone, and, standing like a tower, our children shall behold his fame, the kindly-earnest, brave, foreseeing man, sagacious, patient, dreading, praise, not blame, now birth of our new soil, the first american." with oliver wendell holmes comes the last of this brief american list of honor. no other american has so combined delicacy with the new england humor. we should be poorer by many a smile without "my aunt" and "the deacon's masterpiece." but this is not his entire gift. "the chambered nautilus" strikes the chord of noble sentiment sounded in the last stanza of "thanatopsis" and it will continue to sing in our hearts "as the swift seasons roll." there is in his poems the smile and the sigh of the well- "and if i should live to be the last leaf upon the tree in the spring. let them smile; as i do now; as the old forsaken bough where i cling." and is this all? around these few names does all the fragrance of american poetry hover? in the hurry, prosperity, and luxury of modern life is the care if the flower of poetry lost? surely not. the last half of the nineteenth century and the beginning of the twentieth have brought many beautiful flowers of poetry and hints of more perfect blossoms. lanier has sung of the life of the south he loved; whitman and miller have stirred us with enthusiasm for the progress of the nation; field and riley have made us laugh and cry in sympathy; aldrich, sill, van dyke, burroughs, and thoreau have shared with us their hoard of beauty. among the present generation may there appear many men and women whose devotion to the delicate flower shall be repaid by the gratitude of contributed by carhart, margaret spraque
__label__non_math	0.9997	games approach helps tennis players transfer skills learned in practice to matches transferring skills from practice to matches can be difficult. a sound background of technical and tactical training prepares athletes for match situations. incorporating matchlike situations into daily training, however, increases the likelihood that players will transfer skills from practices to matches. the drop shot is a softly hit shot with backspin that falls onto the court just after clearing the net. it can be hit as an outright winner or to force an opponent to the net. this tactic is effective if the opponent is vulnerable at the net, or slow or out of condition. with the expert guidance of kirk anderson, director of recreational coaches and programs for the usta, you will learn coaching and evaluating skills and then focus on technical and tactical skills, including quick tips on detecting and correcting errors in your athletes, and cues that athletes need to be aware of in various tactical situations. coaching tennis technical and tactical skills is a practical resource that will help you become a better high school, club, or college tennis coach. with the expert guidance of kirk anderson, director of recreational coaches and programs for the united states tennis association usta , you ll learn coaching and evaluating skills and then focus on technical and tactical skills of tennis, including quick tips on detecting and correcting errors in your athletes, cues athletes need to be aware of in various tactical situations, and key information your athletes need to know in order to make the appropriate decisions on the court. skills are cross-referenced so you can see how they relate to each other and quickly determine how to use them in practice situations. whether you are a veteran coach or just a beginner, this book will help you take your coaching to the next level by providing you with the tools you need to teach athletes the game of tennis. the american sport education program asep is the leading provider of youth, high school, and elite-level sport education programs in the united states. through its high-quality and easy-to-use programs, asep has educated more than .million coaches, officials, sport administrators, parents, and athletes. for more than years, local, state, and national sport organizations have partnered with asep to lead the way in making sport a safe, successful, and enjoyable experience for all involved. part i teaching and evaluating chapter teaching sport skills chapter evaluating technical and tactical skills part ii teaching technical skills chapter foundational skills chapter strokes and shots part iii teaching tactical skills chapter singles and doubles tactics chapter offensive tactical skills chapter defensive tactical skills part iv planning for teaching chapter season plans chapter practice plans part v match coaching chapter preparing for matches chapter during and after the match club and college coaches; college coaching courses. kirk anderson, who is the united states tennis association's director of recreational coaches and programs, started playing competitively when he was a sophomore at parchment high school in parchment, michigan, a suburb of kalamazoo. he attended western michigan university in kalamazoo and graduated with a major in physical education. kirk spent years as a club professional in michigan in holland, battle creek, and kalamazoo and one year as a resort professional in hawaii. along the way he returned to western michigan university and earned a master's degree in exercise science. in the mid-1980s, anderson joined the midwest tennis association and became the schools director in springfield, ohio, where he remained for six years before moving to atlanta to work for penn racquet sports as its promotions manager. he then joined the united states professional tennis association as its director of education, a post he held for two years before coming to the usta in as the manager of the play tennis america program. but throughout his journey within the tennis industry, this premier tennis teacher has never stopped learning. kirk is one of only a handful of tennis teaching pros worldwide who are designated as master professionals in both the professional tennis registry and uspta. and anderson's goal to become the best tennis teacher possible was recognized in when the international tennis hall of fame honored him with its tennis educational merit award. anderson, who lives in new fairfield, connecticut, frequently is a featured presenter, both on court and off, at industry conventions. and he is one of the codirectors of the usta tennis teachers conference, the annual gathering held at the beginning of the us open that attracts hundreds of teaching pros from the united states and around the world. in the ttc drew nearly 750 attendees, the largest number since . kirk also is in charge of the on-court activities for the yearly arthur ashe kids' day, which takes place at the usta billie jean king national tennis center on the saturday before the us open begins. in more than ,000 kids attended the event. in his role as usta director of recreational coaches and programs, one of anderson's key initiatives is the recreational coach workshops which involve parents and other volunteers in teaching and coaching players at the recreational level. this national program, presented in cooperation with the united states professional tennis association and professional tennis registry, offers training to help develop recreation coaches. both the ptr and the uspta praise anderson for his leadership in the quickstart tennis format that uses slower balls, lower nets, smaller courts, shorter rackets, and modified scoring for children ages and under. the united states tennis association usta is the national governing body for the sport of tennis and the recognized leader in promoting and developing the sport's growth on every level in the united states, from local communities to the crown jewel of the professional game, the us open. established in , the usta is a progressive and diverse not-for-profit organization whose volunteers, professional staff, and financial resources support a single mission: to promote and develop the growth of tennis. the usta is the largest tennis organization in the world, with geographical sections, more than 750,000 individual members and ,000 organizational members, thousands of volunteers, and a professional staff dedicated to growing the game. the american sport education program asep is the leading provider of youth, high school, and elite-level sport education programs in the united states. rooted in the philosophy of athletes first, winning second, asep has educated more than .million coaches, officials, sport administrators, parents, and athletes. for more than years, local, state, and national sport organizations have partnered with asep to lead the way in making sport a safe, successful, and enjoyable experience for all involved. for more information on asep sport education courses and resources, call 800-747-, visit or look inside this book. "coaching tennis technical and tactical skills is essential reading for tennis coaches. it's all here in this comprehensive re dick gould the john l. hinds director of tennis stanford university "coaching tennis technical and tactical skills is one of the best books i've ever read on the subject, and it's one i enthusiastically recommend to any tennis coach who is serious about coaching. kudos to kirk for providing coaches with keen insights that will spell success immediately on the court."
__label__non_math	0.9999	31human rights situation worsens in the south caucasus today, a press-conference was held in the office of the georgian human rights center. representatives of the georgian human rights center, civil society institute of armenia and azerbaijan human rights center attended the press-conference. 31teachers settled in tserovani want to be employed asmat jojishvili is an idp living in the village of tserovani close to tbilisi. during the august war her family had to displace for the second time; initially they fled from tskhinvali in 1990s and now they had to leave the village of kekhvi too. she has been teaching georgian literature, history and geography in the kekhvi public school for years. now she is an idp and unemployed. school was everything for asmat jojishvili but now she sits at home. she hoped to be employed at the public school that was constructed in tserovani but test-exams destroyed her dreams. she could not pass tests. however, she does not believe the test-exams were fair because she is convinced in her professionalism. 31large family is left homeless 31adzvi population requests attention from the government residents of the adzvi village unsuccessfully tried to attract the attention of the government several times. the villagers arrived in gori to meet regional governor lado vardzelashvili; they petitioned to the government in written form too but all in vain. residents of adzvi say the government does not pay attention to the villages close to the border. 31davit ebralidze was not approved as ombudsman by the energy regulation commission of georgia the energy regulation commission of georgia the ercg or erc does not intend to approve davit ebralidze for the position of the ombudsman at the commission. although the ercg is entitled to approve the person proposed by the ombudsman, the commission declined to approve ebralidze. 31representative of the village to the municipality board and village governor beat a villager for having denounced them with regional governor after shida kartli, regional governor, visited the village of karbi in the gori district local resident guram tevdorashvili was beaten by the village governor and representative of the village to the municipality board. both public official pleaded guilty and explain their behavior by the claim of temporary insanity. they spoke about the incident in their statement to the representatives of the public defender of georgia. however, none of them have been punished yet. 30international federation of human rights fidh confirms there are political prisoners in georgia international human rights organizations already confirm that there are political prisoners in georgia. international federation of human rights fidh published its report which demonstrates that there are political prisoners in georgia. more precisely, the fidh declared people to be political prisoners; they are: nora kvitsiani, joni jikia, revaz kldiashvili, shalva ramishvili, maia topuria and people arrested together with her , demur antia, omar kutsnashvii, merab ratishvili. 29who arrested activists of political movement? four activists of the political movement for the united georgia shukri benidze, giorgi tevdorashvili, iuri latsabidze and besik latsabidze were released on july after a -day-imprisonment. they disappeared on june after the incident in front of the president s residence in the avlabari district of tbilisi. the ministry of internal affairs the mia did not confirm any information about their detention because it did not want to admit that policemen also participated in the incident on june . 29candidate for public defender giorgi tughushi spoke about the priorities of the ombudsman s activities 29lonely retired person vs enego-pro georgia 28idps blame the government for using a double standard tengiz basishvili was settled in the village of skra. he is discontented with the activities of the government. according to him the cottages and funds were distributed illegally among the idps from the valley. 28head of public healthcare office in dedoplistskaro district bought a car for her son from the office budget 27parliament will complicate the procedure for the release of public information the parliament of georgia is discussing the draft-law on the amendments to the law of georgia on the payment for a copy of public information. the new law will entitle public agencies to estimate the payment for copy of public information individually. lawyers think citizens will encounter more problems while getting public information from public agencies on time. chairman of parliament talked about the activities security members ministry of internal affairs is going to buy supervisory videos carrying on bodies instances of pressure exerted on individuals detained on the case of the ministry of agriculture need to be investigated trial on former head of kakheti csd laliashvili cars of eco-migrants from tsalka fined archive in , american researchers estimated that political advertisements on tv have short two-week impact on voters. but the result is so rapid andarchive how the detention process of former senior officials is going on; whether political motivation is detected in it and will the new initiativearchive how do you think, did the political prisoners, released by the parliament of georgia short time ago, deserve freedom?
__label__non_math	0.9482	leisure-b and usselino met because of a mutual friendship with life without harold's henning worm. usselino's daytime job consists of cinema 4d work for bumpers leaders as well as video editing for major german television networks, which as all jobs might be quite all right, sure as hell doesn't satisfy the creative urges to an acceptable level. this is why in his spare time, usselino works on video projects which allow him to get out of the hipness box, and dive in to a more artistic level of 3d composition and video editing. fret1 started out as one of these projects, triggered by a little screentest, also on one of autechres tracks: when leisure and henning came over to him for a beer, usselino showed the unfinished video, immidiatly sparking leisure's enthousiasm for it's style and animation techniques. since vose on is quite a monotone track, leisure then went on to suggest that a change of sound might not be a bad idea to better accentuate the video's extraordinary animation feel. to keep a long story short, a completely new score was then composed and orchestrated in ableton live, using native instruments battery mainly the origami kit , fm8 and massive from which presets used in the track are available for download in the links featured above . leisure: "i tried to approach the composition as sound design as possible. since the video was animated on the bpm 117 and rhythmical accents of vose on , all i really had to do drum wise was find out which accents usselino had used for his main video events. after creating the drums on those accents, most of the composition was just tweeking knobs and experimenting with note placement. since ableton live has excellent video support, i could just run the video in the loop region i was working in, and experiment with native instrument's massive's great synthesizing capabilities. i usually start of with an init patch, and work my way towards the sound which i feel is fitting for the events in the video. the only exception to this rule however is the second bassline, which originates from durk kooistra's wodan bass, available for download in his free massive patches"
__label__non_math	0.9843	mum and dad had a pork knuckle meal at bavarian grill haus last time they were in the tamborine mountain region. they loved it so much that when i suggested meeting up last sunday, they decided to drive all the way up again to show me what it was like. the weather wasn't too flash sunday morning but interestingly, the further south we drove and the closer we got to our destination, the brighter it got. i take that as a sign we made the right decision bavarian grill haus is a cute little cottage with a beautiful wooden interior, high, thatched ceilings and a real fire place. i was completely taken by the decor. it really set the mood. there's even a back deck overlooking a cute lake. the menu contains all the usual german classics including a variety of sausages, shnitzels and whatnot. their speciality is the pork knuckle, which is what mum and dad loved so much last time. my teeth were sore from an orthodontic adjustment so we ordered a platter for and a bowl of soup for me. we had some beer to start out with. i'm really unfamiliar with german beer. i've tried a few but can never remember the names. i think this was the einbecker... the non-dark version. i really liked it regardless of what it was called. pumpkin and curry soup my pumpkin curry soup was alright. i prefer a thicker, chunkier soup. this was runnier but it had a decent flavor. it was served with a plain bread roll. bavarian platter for two - with pork knuckle, meat loaf, pork loin, german sausage, mashed potato and saurkraut the platter was impressive for the eyes to behold. there were chunks of meatloaf, varieties of german sausage, mashed potato and sauerkraut. close-up of pork knuckle oh, and the centrepiece of course... the glorious pork knuckle. boy was it a big hunk of meat. the rest of the platter was fair but none of it as exciting as the pork knuckle. i liked the sausages, in particular the white one. the meat loaf was ordinary. i've never been a fan of saurkraut. the mash was nice and creamy though. i had been skeptical about the knuckle because i thought it would be like those other large portions of meat that are only popular because they are novel. i was completely wrong about this one. the outermost layer of the skin had a glass-like crunch which gave way to the body of crackling which was just the right amount of chewy and gelatinous. the meat itself was smoky and tender. it could be pulled off the bone with a spoon. i thought the bavarian grill haus was pretty swell all over. often, these kinds of places are just entertaining because of the decor, music and people in cute costumes. most of the food was 'ok', at a boring and unremarkable level, but truthfully the pork knuckle was very tasty. as impressed as i was, mum and dad claimed that the one that had previously was even better
__label__non_math	1.0000	wednesday, thursday, wednesday, thursday, wednesday, saturday, tuesday, pies filled with meat and memories i like to cook. its fun to be in the kitchen and have everyone around laughing, sampling things, fighting, then drinking wine. its kinda how my family works. its a lot of hanging out, mixed with a dash of tears, and then smothered with compliments and talk of how cool our family is especially in comparison to others. yesterday was kinda a hard day. it was the last day spent in my family's old house. years of laughing, crying, blowing out birthday candles all packed up and put in the back of my father's truck, or worse, the trash. it was so spooky to do the final walk through and see every room so hollow. i remember sharing one room with my sister, the first time i got my own room, the first time nan's got her own room, the first christmas with my niece, the day my grandma died. it was all there under that one roof. and there was my father, winded from packing, his gray hair damp with sweat, looking old for the first time. i've never liked changed. it always bothers me. i'm not someone who adjusts quickly. as i helped my dad get the last bits into the back of his 'chevy pickup primer gray for the last years i couldn't help feeling nostalgic and melancholy. i know our family will continue to celebrate, tease each other, and make new memories, but i just can't associate a home with it yet. i guess a home can be anywhere you gather with your family and eat yummy food. reminds me of the first christmas we spent in carpinteria. we moved to carpinteria because of my fathers new job. his work put our family up in an apartment until we found a house to live in. it was small and cramped especially with seven people. that year i was sick with bronchitis and didn't get to perform in the school christmas pageant. we were supposed to sing "its a small world" and dress in different traditional outfits from around the world. my mom made me the best traditional russian dress complete with a flower and ribbon wreath for my hair. i was beyond upset that i missed it. and to make matters worse, we didn't get a christmas tree that year. i remember crying on the couch wrapped up in a blanket and complaining to my mom. she literally got a bare tree branch from outside, put it in a vase and hung christmas ornaments on it for me. she also made me a huge bowl of galushki soup. i had a good christmas that year. before i left my family's house for the last time, i invited my father over for a meal before he hit the road. in effort to supply that same kind of feeling of family and home, i decided to make empanadas. i made everything from scratch. the dough was my mom's recipe and the filling was what my family calls t gina chicken after my "tia gina" on my dad's side. it took close to four hours to make. the empanadas didn't taste like my moms but they were still good. i was sad that my dad wasn't able to come by and try them but i know he would have thought they were great. i will make them again and bring them to him. i will also make a plate for my brother, his wife, and their three children. his kids need to know what empanadas are. its practically in our dna. home is where your family is. family is a compilation of traditions. traditions are food. enjoy them all while you're able.
__label__non_math	0.9994	huntington, ind. in an effort to restock local food bank shelves for the upcoming holidays, area schools have joined together to support a fundraiser called faces of hunger bowls of change. institutions such as huntington north high school, northrop high school, university of saint francis, indiana university-purdue university fort wayne and huntington university have partnered to help local food banks by collecting food, making bowls and raising funds to fight hunger. each school is collecting donations as well as contributing ceramic bowls that will be auctioned off to support the cause. a fundraiser dinner will be put on by northrop high school. all proceeds will go directly to community harvest food bank of northeast indiana, inc. huntington university s chapter of the international art fraternity kappa pi is contributing to the cause by making ceramic bowls to be used at the fundraiser dinner and will then be auctioned off. kappa pi has crafted a total of 110 bowls. michelle antus left , a junior graphic design major from mansfield, ohio, and janna larimore, a junior graphic design major from elizabeth, ill., make "bowls for change." any chance i get, i love to thrown on the potter s wheel, said senior nora majors, who is the president of kappa pi and heading up the fraternity s involvement in this project. god has given me a talent, and it s an honor when i can glorify him while doing a project like this. rebecca coffman, professor of art, was contacted about faces of hunger bowls of change and thought it would be a great project for huntington university visual arts students. the project also was opened up to the community to assist in making the bowls. nora majors, president of hu's chapter of kappa pi, works on a bowl for the fundraiser. majors is a senior visual arts education major from roachdale, ind. the bowls were made at huntington university during the annual fall work day on oct. . approximately students created the bowls in an all-day effort to make as many as possible. i love it when we, as artists, can contribute to the community by using our talents. it s a beautiful thing, expressed majors, a visual arts education major from roachdale, ind. a soup-and-bread dinner and silent auction will be held at the northrop high school, coldwater road, fort wayne, at p.m. nov. . the auction will feature a variety of pieces by local, regional and professional artists. tickets are for students in grades nine through and for students in kindergarten through eighth grade. children younger than kindergarten age are free. to purchase tickets, call at 260 413- or log on to
__label__non_math	1.0000	can't find yourself? submit your profile to the huntsman school alumni and friends directory. bs, business administration, utah state university, dean's convocation speaker - friday, understand how to manage your stress and how to use it - just like with fear and how you use fear. reframe it and turn it into something positive. take all the energy that you have got and release it into something positive. eric hipple eric hipple is a former nfl quarterback whose ten-year career was spent with the detroit lions. his accomplishments include two playoff bids and a divisional championship. in , he was named most valuable player, and his jersey hangs in the canton hall of fame for a monday night football debut deemed best in nfl history. he is ranked fifth in all-time career passing yards in the detroit record books. after his football career, mr. hipple worked as a freelance sports field reporter and was an analyst for the fox network s local pre-game show from . he has been featured in television s "home improvement," "mickey spillane s mike hammer" and played a part in "the bear," a movie about legendary university of alabama football coach bear bryant. since his retirement from the detroit lions, mr. hipple has been a professional motivational speaker and a sales consultant. his public-speaking work shifted to topics of depressive disorder awareness and treatment and to suicide prevention in , after the tragic suicide of his -year-old son. mr. hipple now serves on the board of aas american association of suicidology . he works at the university of michigan s depression center as an outreach coordinator. born in texas and raised in california, he attended utah state university and graduated in business administration with a computer science option. after graduation, he was drafted by the detroit lions. he lives with his family in michigan. he recently authored the book real men do cry. it chronicles his life, including his time as a nfl quarterback, his struggle with suicide loss and his own depression. his story is one of hope and recovery and uses education as well as practical advice to help others live and enjoy life again. recent speakers huntsman alumni magazine - spring the shingo prize partners in business old main hill logan, ut
__label__non_math	0.9884	akram shaaban, mbbch associate professor, department of radiology akram shaaban, mbbch, is an associate professor in the department of radiology at the university of utah. he is also a cancer investigator at huntsman cancer institute hci . at hci, shaaban specializes in radiology with the hepatobiliary cancer research program hbcrp . this program researches cancer of the liver and bile ducts. shaaban is certified by the american board of radiology. he is fellowship trained in both cardiac imaging and body imaging. he completed residencies at the university of utah school of medicine and at the university of alexandria hospitals in egypt. he earned a mbbch bachelor of medicine, bachelor of surgery, equivalent to an american md degree from the university of alexandria.
__label__non_math	0.9982	halstead et al. halstead, deborah, jasper, richard, little, felicia. . disaster planning: a how-to-do-it manual with planning templates on cd-rom. new york: neal-schumann. this manual is designed to guide librarians and information professionals through the disaster planning process. the manual has chapters on creating a disaster preparation strategy, understanding natural disasters and how they affect libraries, and world wide web resources. additionally, a quick guides section provides a disaster plan template, a directory of agencies and consultants specializing in disaster planning and recovery. the manual also contains a disaster prevention and protection checklist provided by lyrasis formerly solinet .
__label__non_math	1.0000	lincoln, neb. - the nebraska men's gymnastics team will host their first intrasquad meet this friday and sunday in preparation for the season. the meet will be held at the men's gymnastics practice area in the bob devaney sports center and is free of charge and open to the public, though limited room will be available for spectators. nebraska will perform routines on every event, beginning with floor exercise, pommel horse and rings on friday at p.m. the meet will continue on vault, parallel bars and high bar on sunday at p.m. "the intrasquad is kind of an eye opener for the younger guys," said husker coach chuck chmelka. this year, each gymnast will qualify for their events during practice by getting a full, saluted routine approved by one of the team's three coaches. only those with accepted routines can participate in the intrasquad. "if you don't get a check, you sit there," chmelka said. "well, nobody wants to sit. so, it's been kind of an interesting last month." the huskers welcome four freshmen and one transfer athlete to the team in . austin epperson will not compete in the intrasquad due to an injury, but might become essential in the team lineup throughout the season. joining epperson are omaha, neb., native ethan lottman, minneapolis' coleman tokar and sam chamberlain from franklin, ohio. transfer student zach hedval will also joins the team after a two-year hiatus from the competitive atmosphere. nebraska will begin their season on saturday, jan. at the rocky mountain open in colorado springs, colo. the huskers will host three regular-season home meets against illinois-chicago jan. , oklahoma march and iowa minnesota march . the huskers will also see three gymnasts contend in the annual winter cup on feb. -in las vegas, nev.
__label__non_math	0.9999	nebraska season ticket waitlists electronic submittal of completed forms of the pdfs below is preferred. if you are unl faculty staff, you must fill out a different form which is available here. the forms below will not make you eligible for faculty staff season tickets. we have several big changes in for seating in memorial stadium, the pinnacle bank arena, and the bob devaney sports center. please select a link below to fill out a waitlist forms for the season. these waitlists require a per ticket deposit. - football season ticket waitlist - women's basketball season ticket waitlist-pinnacle bank arena - volleyball season ticket waitlist-bob devaney sports center submit this application online to the season ticket waiting list for your desired sport s . for the best chance of being considered for tickets for the upcoming season, please have your waitlist form in six months prior to the start of the sport's season. if unable to submit it electronically, you may either mail it to: one memorial stadium, po box , lincoln, ne , fax it to: 402 472-, or email it to: athleticfund season tickets are awarded based on these criteria, in order unless otherwise specified on the waitlist form : annual per seat contributions to the nebraska athletic department through the following clubs: husker award club, touchdown club, husker beef club, cattle club, big red award club, match club, rebounders club, baseball husker award club, director's club, or platinum club. priority points with the new venues for volleyball and men's basketball, the donation values are listed on the waitlist forms' maps. the maps listed below show the contributions required to obtain seats in for football, volleyball, and in for premium seating in men's basketball. nebraska men's basketball notification regarding new season tickets will be mailed around: - football - june or july - volleyball - july - men's women's basketball - october these dates are approximate only. donations associated with new season tickets and the actual season ticket cost will be invoiced at those times if your request has been filled. if we are unable to fill your request, we will also notify you. ticket requests do not roll-over if they are not filled. you must submit a new ticket request for the following season. requesting a season ticket improvement grants the athletic department permission to move your season tickets based upon the criteria given. if no information is provided we will use our best judgement in awarding an improvement. season tickets marked for improvement will be released and utilized for other accounts requesting an improvement or for new season ticket requests. even with a contribution, there are no guarantees that you will receive season tickets. however, each year you contribute you acquire priority points, which increases your chances of obtaining tickets the following year. all contributions are non-refundable. for more information to find out more information about wait lists for season tickets, call the huskers athletic fund office at 402 472- or -800--bigred or email athleticfund
__label__non_math	1.0000	by kristen roderick - the hutchinson news - firstname.lastname young and her family had thanksgiving lunch with all of the fixings. there was turkey, cranberry sauce, green bean casserole, mashed potatoes and gravy, stuffing, pies and more. nurses walking by the windows in the small dining room reminded the family that the meal was on the third floor of hutchinson regional medical center. young smiled as she said family members were there for lunch. of her five daughters, three were able to make it. "my family has always come for thanksgiving dinner," she said. lunch arrived in crock pots and laundry baskets filled with towel-covered pans of food. young was excited to watch as her family completed last-minute preparations. "are you hungry?" someone asked. "starving," young answered, ready for a traditional thanksgiving meal away from home. nov. started out normal. young, who turned in september, drove herself to vote. she did a few errands and then returned home. that night, she made sure to lock the screen door on her house before she tried to sit down - only to miss the chair. her foot was caught on something and her leg broke in three places. she was away from the phone and her daughter, debbi wilkins, who lives across the street, had already checked on her. she was alone. young said it took about minutes to remember she had a lifeline button around her neck. she pushed the button and was alerted that help was on the way. "before i knew it, i heard the ambulance," she said. paramedics were forced to break her screen door to get her onto a stretcher. she was taken to the hospital, where she learned her leg was broken in three pieces. her leg was bandaged from the night of her fall until thursday, when doctors removed staples. she was able to take a shower for the first time in two weeks. while her recovery will still take a while, doctors told young she is doing well. "they said it was healing up real well," she told her family. hutchinson regional does what it can to help patients feel comfortable, especially on holidays like thanksgiving, said lisa gleason, director of guest relations. while young's family ate in the small dining room in the skilled nursing unit, two men sat outside in a lounge area watching the weather channel. they had a plate of turkey, dressing, mashed potatoes, cranberry salad and a pumpkin bar. "it's hard because we know they don't want to be here," gleason said. "they'd rather be with their loved ones. our goal is to help them have a positive experience." patients in rehabilitation are encouraged to stand up and walk to get their meals. young, however, must still use a wheelchair. she was told she would stay in the hospital at least six weeks. her family has made sure her home is ready for when she is released from the hospital. it is clean and the screen door has been fixed. until then, young is grateful for the treatment she has gotten from her staff at hutchinson regional medical center. "i asked one of the nurses if she's this sweet to everyone," young said. "she said yes, she treats everyone like they were her grandma." wilkins, who has been at hutchinson regional before, has also been impressed by the attentive treatment her mother has gotten. "you can't ask for better care than you do at this place," she said.
__label__non_math	0.9990	ashley and i share a common love for breakfast at tiffany s , so when she came to plan her bridal shower, this theme was a no brainer. keeping with the tiffany s blue as my inspiration, i went shopping for fabric. i found round cardboard boxes and lids at a local craft store and used spray adhesive to attach different fabrics. after seeing an event on hostess with the mostess i searched for the perfect craft paper to use as placemats. thanks for sharing the great idea btw
__label__non_math	0.9973	simply amazing hybrid racing is proud to announce that we will giving away a .hybrid racing gift certificate to one lucky winner that completes our online survey. take the survey. keep up-to-date on the newest parts, products, tech articles, and featured vehicles in our gallery by signing up to our mailing list p: 225.755. f: 866.701. e: site by ryanbaudoin.com
__label__non_math	0.9179	bmw -series diesel for the us? the bmw 335d clean diesel sedan arrives in showrooms this month, followed by the bmw x5 clean diesel suv in january. before the public has had a chance to decide on the value equation of its first two luxury diesel vehicles in the ,000 price range, bmw is now considering an even more expensive clean diesel -series sedan. the european 730d is powered by a turbocharged six-cylinder diesel engine and yields miles per gallon. even with this impressive fuel efficiency, bmw is gambling on a much-improved economy, and the price of gasoline heading back up, by the time the diesel -series would arrive sometime in mid-. the price would most likely be to percent higher than the non-diesel pushing the sticker beyond ,000. there are other reasons for bmw to consider carrying the european 730d to american shores. a diesel with fuel economy in the mid-40s would help bmw meet more stringent fuel efficiency standards on the way. as a comparison, a conventional version of the new -series is expected to grant just in the city and on the highway. bmw dealers from the us recently gave the new -series diesel a test drive in munich. they all told me they wanted it, said jim o donnell, president of bmw north america. it wasn t in our plans, but we ll look at it. if the 730d makes it to the us, it will probably utilize a clean diesel system similar to the one found in the bmw 335d. the technology, known as blueperformance, utilizes a fluid called adblue, which is injected into the exhaust system to reduce oxides of nitrogen. blueperformance is very similar to the bluetec system found in mercedes benz diesel vehicles.
__label__non_math	1.0000	one or more persons obscuring or augmenting any part of their body or bodies with record sleeve s causing an illusion. it has become particularly popular on social networking sites. in this post, we ve compiled a few of the most fascinating examples of sleevefaces out there. do you have a world class sleeveface picture? do you have a heartwarming story or testimonial about sleeveface? has sleeveface improved your relationships? are you phil collins? if the answer is yes absolutely then please share your sleevefaces with us at sleeveface
__label__non_math	0.9993	urdu, hindi and telugu are the principal languages spoken in hyderabad. a large percentage of the population is also well-versed in english. both urdu and telugu have linguistically impacted on each other in hyderabad. the telugu spoken here has assimilated many urdu words into it. and the urdu spoken here is also unique, with influences of marathi and telugu, giving rise to a dialect sometimes called hyderabadi urdu or deccani. though urdu is the preferred language of the elite, it is hard to keep deccani out of hyderabadi people. an interesting anecdote lays bare the strong affiliation of a hyderabadi with deccani. it's not difficult to learn hyderabadi; you only need a little enthusiasm for life just like any hyderabadi and meet as many of these typical hyderabadis as possible. anyone can easily identify us as a hyderabadi once we start speaking in our typical hyderabadi urdu language. you will never find such a unique and only one of its kind words anywhere in the world except in hyderabad. its endearing nuances have given hyderabad a genial character. people do sometime make a fun of our hyderabadi urdu language, it is really bad to do so. but we feel proud of our language as we are the creators of this unique language. people of other city, state and country have to tell their native place, but we hyderabadi get identified without informing our native place with our sweet and unique hyderabadi language. many hyderabadi high society people try to avoid speaking in this typical language, but in their conversation you will definitely hear one or two unique hyderabadi words, it is really hard to get away with this unique language. hyderabad language too has its own distinct sound flavour and yes, it is more varied as it has its own dialects in different parts of the city. if the real hyderabadi is laced with urdu and typical to the old city, the new city has a fair mix of english and telugu to it. mostly old city people use unique hyderabadi urdu language with a sense of pride. you will come across this typical language from various people. spend enough time in irani restaurants and explore the traditional markets and in no time you'll learn this hyderabadi language. if you are in hyderabad then you will definitely come across these words... hau - yes kayku - why nakko - no thanks potti - girl potta - boy kya miyan - what's up dude kidar ja re - where are you going? hallu hallu - slowly parson - day before yesterday or day after tomorrow ...like this many more words and sentences you will come across. the lists of words and phrases below are intended as an aid to meeting people and traveling independently around hyderabad. print this page, this will help you when you are in hyderabad. below words and phrases are used in complete india too.
__label__non_math	1.0000	by dennis k. berman basf's north american chief, dr. hans ulrich-engel, said he anticipates will be a weak year for global economic demand, and that is making it difficult to forecast performance for the world's largest chemicals company. "we will have to get used to the fact that volatility is the new normal," said dr. engel in an interview with the wall street journal. "the best expression is that we are living in a world of "vuca:" volatility, uncertainty, complexity, and ambiguity." dr. engel said that basf customer behavior has changed in the years since the financial crisis. where the company once had insight to its order flow on a rolling basis of three to six months, that is less true today. "currently we have good visibility for up to days, max days," he said. "but that's it." dr. engel said that the company is still in its budgeting process and did not yet have specific guidance for the year ahead. he did provide some color about the company's various divisions, saying that the company was so far making up for weakness in chemical orders with earnings from agricultural products and its oil businesses. "overall, chemicals activities are weaker overall than they were last year, but oil and gas and our agriculture solutions unit are significantly better than last year," he said. dr. engel said that low natural-gas prices in the us were, on margin, a reason to consider more domestic investment in chemical manufacture. the possibility of exporting lower-cost chemicals to foreign markets was less feasible, largely because of insufficient infrastructure to transport chemicals for shipping. dr. engel was more optimistic about the prospects for the euro zone, saying that he expects the currency to survive, even if some countries left the currency union. greece, in particular, was diminishing as a worry. "what does greece actually mean for our business? our company has 100 million; it's relatively small." "greece leaving the euro zone to months ago would have caused havoc on the european banking system. now we are in a totally different situation. lots of measures have been taken to mitigate the effects." dow jones newswires
__label__non_math	0.9996	us renewable oil and bioproducts company solazyme is teaming up with japan-based mitsui co. to jointly develop a suite of triglyceride oils for use primarily in the oleochemical industry, the companies said on thursday. the million, multi-year agreement includes further development of solazymes breakthrough high myristic algal oil, a raw material in the oleochemical industry, as well as additional oils that solazyme is developing for the oleochemical and industrial sectors. mitsuis extensive knowledge of the end use markets for the jointly-developed triglyceride products, including both the oleochemical industry and applications further downstream, makes mitsui an ideal fit for solazyme, said jonathan wolfson, ceo of solazyme. we look forward to rapid progress on our research and development efforts, and to commercialize these novel products thereafter. product development is expected to span a multi-year period, with periodic product introductions throughout the term of the joint development alliance, according to the companies. end use applications may include renewable, high-performance polymer additives for plastic applications, aviation lubricants, and toiletry and household products. collaborating with solazyme allows us to develop highly attractive products to penetrate the traditional oleochemicals industry, and expand beyond the supply limitations caused by both regional oil production and constraints in conventional oil profiles," said daiji kojima, general manager of mitsui's specialty chemicals division. "solazymes flexible manufacturing process and oil tailoring capabilities helps to support long-term competitiveness, independent of price swings inherent to this industry, while allowing us to produce tailored oils that are in demand in the marketplace, he continued. "mitsui looks forward to strengthening its position in the oleochemicals industry through the successful development and commercialization of these novel products as a potential source of new sustainable materials to oleochemical companies."
__label__non_math	1.0000	glad message for you and for me; that jesus has purchased our pardon, and paid all the debt on the tree. believe it, o sinner, believe it; receive the glad message tis true; trust now in the salvation he offers to you. from death unto life he has brought us, and made us by grace sons of god; fountain is opened for sinners; oh, wash and be cleansed in the blood no longer shall sin have though present to tempt and annoy; for christ, in his bless d redemption, the power of sin shall destroy. accept now god s offer of mercy; to jesus, oh hasten today; for he will receive him that and never will turn him away. christian lyrics online will lead you to thousands of lyrics to hymns, choruses, worship songs and gospel recordings. free christian hymn lyrics include popular hymns, both new and old, traditional and modern, as well as rare and hard-to-find hymns. we have been online since and have reached over million people in over 150 countries worldwide. in , this site became the largest christian lyrics site on the entire internet. hymnlyrics.org carden's design. . this website is privately owned and operated.
__label__non_math	1.0000	now that the star wars franchise has been re-born thanks to disney and lucasfilm s announcement last week, it s of particular interest today that angry birds star wars game hit the app world. rebel birds, striking from a hidden base, have won their first victory against the evil imperial pigs, writes game studio rovio. during the battle, rebel spies managed to steal secret plans to the empire s ultimate weapon, the pig star, and are racing to deliver the plans to the rebel birds. now they need your help angry birds: star wars offers new gameplay mechanics like lightsabers, blasters, and jedi powers that fans of george lucas creation are sure to enjoy. a slew of new merchandise will be heading into stores just in time for the holiday season including plush toys and board games. the game is available for ios, android, windows phone, mac, windows and kindle fire. last week george lucas shocked the world when he announced disney was acquiring lucasfilm, and three new star wars films were in development. it s now time for me to pass star wars on to a new generation of filmmakers, said lucas on october . i ve always believed that star wars could live beyond me, and i thought it was important to set up the transition during my lifetime. i m confident that with lucasfilm under the leadership of kathleen kennedy, and having a new home within the disney organization, star wars will certainly live on and flourish for many generations to come. disney s reach and experience gives lucasfilm the opportunity to blaze new trails in film, television, interactive media, theme parks, live entertainment, and consumer products.
__label__non_math	0.9990	by eliot van buskirk of evolver.fm. one reason people love music id apps is their immediacy: you hold your phone up in the air, tag a song, and then you know, more or less immediately, what that song is. this is one of the most magical things our modern phones can do but even the old, dumb phones from ten years ago could do it, by essentially leaving shazam a voicemail and getting a text message in return. today, audio fingerprinting usage has exploded, with shazam, soundhound, and other music identifiers regularly topping the app popularity charts. we even think they ll end up being the real qr codes, where television is concerned anyway, by allowing you to follow televised links on your smartphone or tablet by identifying the audio in an ad or television show. today, shazam, the leading provider of music identification apps, added an interesting new feature that highlights the need for smartphones to work without being connected to the cloud just one of the ways that they are becoming computers even as they replace them. in addition to offline mode, the latest version of shazam also adds a new interface in the form of a dial that responds to music, bigger album art, the ability to search your own tags, sharing to google , and enhanced features for the visually impaired.
__label__non_math	1.0000	free music playlist listen to millions of songs available to you for free. uncover a great range of songs from our vast library of free music online. your music on your site post your playlist and your songs on any website with your customizable player. connect with friends, share songs and generate a community of followers.
__label__non_math	0.9997	the matter at issue: the throne of france the hundred years war was fought largely over who would be the king of france. the english kings, who had originally been french nobles that invaded and conquered england in , still held lands in france. the english lands in france had long been viewed uncomfortably by the french king. through the 13th century, strong french kings had reclaimed french lands held by the english kings. by the early 14th century, three events came together. first, the english kings noted that one more push by the french would deive the english completely out of france. second, the french were entering a period of weak kings. third, the english throne was now occupied by the young, vigorous, able and ultimately long lived edward iii. in any other circumstances it would appear absurd for the english king to come up with the idea of claiming the french throne in order to protect english lands in france. but edward iii was bold and, in one of those uniquely medieval ironies, he had law and custom on his side. the english claim to the french throne was strong, as were the english armies and edward iiis resolve. the resulting war outlived edward, and his great grandson, henry v, came within a hair of actually taking the french throne. the items below explain the situation in rather more detail. historical kings of france historical kings of england the english position of the throne of france the french ultimatum a summary of overlapping claims to various thrones
__label__non_math	0.9999	items in cart guidelines frontpage template built for microsoft frontpage , this creative and unique web template is packed full of functionality and tutorials to walk you through the process of setting up your website. more about this product read up on software and web server requirements. - to edit the website template, you must have: - microsoft frontpage web server requirements these requirements are for the base web template. - minimum web space: 10mb add more if you have lots of photos to display - special server technology: none required - web server type: any - special note: template will not run as expected when using a web hosting solution that adds advertising to the top of the page normally with free hosting plans . we we reserve the right to not support web template technical issues on products that are deployed to 3rd party web servers that display advertising at the top of the page. new to this? let our "web geek" help you choose the best solution. get started by answering some questions take advantage of these great deals developer package instant rebate qualify for an instant off single-site licenses when you purchase or more web templates at the same time . education government institution purchase orders we are now accepting purchase orders from education government institutions in the usa and canada. to make arrangements, please contact operations at -866-943- x 204 i3dthemes.com is a division of "lucky marble solutions corp"
__label__non_math	0.6230	monday, just short of the day mark, i re-newed my license. this was something that needed to be done, but i hadn't thought about it as the first document in which my name was legally "erin porter". yet there it is. no more 's in my id number. an undecided signature. this is just weird.
__label__non_math	0.9598	it seems like every time i turn around, there is a new yogurt product gracing the shelves and i never know which ones are truly worthy of my money, but i do like trying the new and improved ones. that's what i was thinking when i saw with stonyfield farm organic probiotic fat free strawberry yogurt . a pack of was on sale for .per yogurt , so i decided it was worth a shot. upon opening the yogurt container, you need to thoroughly mix the product to create the smooth and creamy creation you are hoping for. however, this is a fat free product, so that is to be expected. once you have reached a creamy consistency, you will experience a lovely taste sensation. the flavor is splendid, being subtly sweet and possessing a naturally tasting strawberry flavor. unfortunately, there is also a slightly chalky textural disturbance that will not go unnoticed. by the time you reach your 2nd or 3rd yogurt, the slight textural upset grows on you. actually, as i was consuming my last yogurt in the -pack, i made sure to update my grocery list to include this yogurt. each ounce serving of stonyfield farm organic probiotic fat free strawberry yogurt provides calories, no fat, mg of sodium of the rda , no fiber, grams of protein and grams of carbohydrates which includes grams of sugar but no fiber. there is also of the rda for vitamin d and of the rda for calcium. the ingredient list begins with cultured pasteurized organic nonfat milk and ends with stonyfield farm's exclusive blend of six live active cultures. probiotic cultures are thought to improve your digestive health. furthermore, stonyfield farm prides themselves on not using pesticides, synthetic growth hormones, antibiotics or artificial sweeteners. before today, stonyfield farm yogurt products couldn't seem to surpass the kisses rating here on iateapie.net; but the organic probiotic fat free strawberry yogurt is just good enough to boost them over the edge. the nutrition is impressive, the flavor is spot on and the price is not bad although the texture is just a tiny bit off, but still worth buying.
__label__non_math	1.0000	by katy murphy thursday, at in high schools. as our dear blog poster concerned brought to my attention confession: i don t regularly check the ousd web site for news, as it s rarely posted there , school officials reported this week that two students and a coach at oakland technical high school were on antibiotics for routine staph infections. it wasn t the drug-resistant strain that has caused national alarm, but it alarmed families anyway. after word got out last friday about the cases in question, worried exchanges took place on the oakland tech parent listserv. the school closed down the gym and locker room area and sanitized it over the weekend. the principal, sheilagh andujar, posted a letter on the district s web site to quell the rumors. alison mcdonald, the administrator who oversees high schools in the area, noted that in a school with ,800 kids and 150-some staff members, routine illnesses are bound to occur. if the more serious strain occurs in the school, she said, it s a whole nother story.
__label__non_math	0.9995	how can we all be part of it? companies, institutions and citizens need to drive the change towards a more sustainable economy by protecting, looking after and committing ourselves to the environment through our actions and gestures, to everyone s benefit. at iberdrola, a world leader in wind power, we believe in this change and in our combined actions and gestures. our commitment: - we are committed to renewable energy sources, particularly wind power. go over to the iberdrola bus when it visits your city and discover what clean energy is and how it works, in a fun way. - we work in the development of smart grids to promote energy efficiency. - with products and services for our customers, such as e-billing, which offers your bills in a convenient, easy and sustainable way, renewable green energy with no co2 emissions, or electric vehicles, the best way to move around with zero emissions. - committed to the environment and to sustainability through - with initiatives and tools as trips co2 calculator which provides co2 emissions of our trips. - we disseminate our environmentally friendly approach through the corporate channels, such as the iberdrola blog, and social networks like twitter, facebook, flickr and slideshare. the world environment dayis celebrating its 40th anniversary. this year, the actions are focused on the new green economy, an alternative and much more sustainable proposal for relating to each other, working, doing business, travelling, communicating, consuming that promotes low carbon emissions, resource efficiency, the use of less pollutant energy and equality and social inclusion. together we can achieve a more sustainable, efficient and egalitarian economy. your actions also count
__label__non_math	1.0000	date prev date next thread prev thread next date index thread index - to: email - subject: pond - from: barbara brooks - date: sun, apr : - - sender: email rode out to "my" pond expecting to see nothing but can. geese nesting but had one coot, about ruddy ducks, dble crested cormorants, one with a very white throat, one with less white and one with a black throat. it was neat to see them all in a row at one point. also had northern rough-winged swl. who sat on the wire for me. last weekend had one tree swallow who came close which was nice as i didn't have my binos. have nesting geese and pairs who don't seem to have it together yet. i read in one of my books that the female does all the incubation. never fails to amaze me that birds, male and female can go so long without food and water. especially the male penguins in antartica. i do have one observation question: one weekend there were several tvs flying over the little nesting island and they created a ruckous among the geese. are the tvs close enough to raptor shape that they create a reaction from the geese. tia for the info. pond is in ne orange co barb brooks, hillsborough, nc
__label__non_math	1.0000	industry analysis industry trends the automated guided vehicle manufacturing industry is made up of manufacturing companies that sell products to aid their customer's manufacturing processes. often, automative guided vehicles agvs are not the main service that major players offer. industry revenue relies on industrial production levels since downstream customers will buy more agvs when their businesses are performing well.... purchase to read more industry report - industry locations chapter according to data from the us census bureau's county business patterns report, this industry's most concentrated regions by number of establishments include the great lakes, southeast and plains regions. proximity to downstream manufacturing facilities is a primary determinant of geographic industry concentration, and these regions collectively account for more than . of total industry establishments. the great lakes region the great lakes region leads the industry by share of establishments and accounts for an estimated . of all industry locations. the region dominates across all product segments except elevator and moving stairway manufacturing, which is led by the mid-atlantic region... purchase to read more
__label__non_math	1.0000	win in your marketplace. become a social business. businesses move from liking to leading when they look beyond social media to see how social technologies drive real business value. from marketing and sales to product and service innovation, social is changing the way people connect and the way organizations succeed. why social business works when you inspire your workforce to innovate and collaborate more productively, you create tangible business value. when you anticipate needs and deliver exceptional experiences, you delight your customers and create advocates. when you integrate your business processes with the right social tools, you secure a competitive advantage and pioneer new ways of doing business. test drive products to find your social solution get social with us follow us and be the first to know about social business products, news and events. our community of thought leaders share the best ways to add social value to your business. - twitter social business discussions, links and alerts - facebook events, conversations and new connections - youtube watch what our products can do - linkedin join professionals discussing social business - pinterest images and infographics on social trends - social business insights blog read and discuss articles from social business leaders - social business user group find a social business user group near you
__label__non_math	0.9999	nader ebrahimi, amir hossein fardi, j'afar ebrahimi active children and teen literature faces grab imam mehrabani's first awards as an object to honor children and teen's active faces, "imam mehrabani's" first awards were presented to the authors that had more works on imam khomeini, past years; late nader ebrahimi, amir hossein fardi and j'afar ebrahimi ibna: "yar and yadegar" second literary festival's closing ceremony on late imam khomeini and his son seyyed ahmad khomeini was held on 4th march in alborz high school. the festival was categorized on "poetry", "fiction" and "literature prose". haj seyyed ahmad's son, yaser khomeini, the festival's secretary, hamid honarjou, the poet, hamid sabzevari and some poets and authors attended the festival. the festival's secretary, hamid honarjou said:" the literary award had an attractive festival quality this year, last year it was held as a literary session poetry-oriented . he added:" adding the fiction and literature prose the festival was fruitful this year, the selected persons will be honored and the high quality works will be published as books. talking about imam khomeini's thoughts influence on islamic revolution literature the fiction category judge, khosrow aghayari said:" this major event was created by imam khomeini, preparing peoples mind and influencing their hearts. in an order, neda sohrab-zadeh from azerbaijan-e-sharghi, morteza akherati from neishabour, sharareh kamrani from tehran were the selected poets and koros ahmadi and fatima nazeri were honored too. in the fiction category the selected authors were: mona eskandari from hamedan masoume eyvazi and pejhman karimi zeynab seyyed yousef kalkhoran and mohammad akbari from tehran in the literature prose category the selected were: javad na'eemi from mashhad seyyed mas'oud alavi habibullah torkashvand zohreh abdulmohamadi from karaj and naser saremi from malayer were honored too. the "imam mehrabni" first literature awards with an object to praise children and teen's active literature faces with more works in the past years on imam khomeini and the islamic revolution was concurrent with the "yar va yadegar" second literary festival's closing ceremony. in the second "yar va yadegar" closing ceremony, "imam mehrabni" first literature awards went to "didar-e- arezooha" visiting the wishes by late nader ebrahimi, " hekayatha va dastanhaee ba moz'o imam khomeini va enqelab islami stories about imam khomeini and the islamic revolution by amir hussein fardi, and j'afar ebrahimi-nasr for his poetry collection on imam khomeini and islamic revolution. in the second "yar va yadegar" closing ceremony an ghazal about imam khomeini by qeysar aminpour and relating the same issue, hamid sabzvari and mehdi dehghan nayeri recited some ghazals too. the closing ceremony was held march 4th. id :
__label__non_math	0.9906	born in marco acerbis graduates in architecture from politecnico di milano in . from to he lives in london where he works with lord norman foster s studio. over these years he collaborates on the construction of an eight storey high medical research building at the imperial college campus in london. he then becomes project architect for capital city academy, a 250 meter long high school building for students which was opened by tony blair. he sets up his own practice in italy in . fascinated by designing at very different scales he quickly moves on to explore with a constant cross over of skills, ideas, tools and technologies all sorts of subjects to achieve a globally designed space. the vertigo floor lamp, designed for fontana arte in , was immediately acknowledged as a best seller and an icon of our time and is now included in vitra design museum permanent collection. prius door handle designed for colombo design wins a special mention at xxi compasso d oro adi. kloe armchair designed for desalto wins the red dot design award . his interest for contemporary issues takes him to be directly involved in sustainable architecture with the design and construction management of polins which is certified casaclima class a , the best building standard.
__label__non_math	0.9995	now that rim shares have been pounded to near their -week low, victor alboini of toronto's jaguar financial has bought into the company because there's value in its products and patents, if no longer its founding co-ceos, mike lazaridis and jim balsillie. what rim needs now is either a transformational ceo or a sale of the whole company, alboini told ibtimes. despite the percent pounding rim shares took over disclosing dismal second quarter results last week, the waterloo, ontario-based blackberry maker is not cheap. its market capitalization is still .billion. so rim could show itself to a private equity buyer such as silver lake partners or tpg with deep pockets and experience owning technology companies to boost their value. rim closed friday on u.s. markets at .. its -week low was .. it took a similar pounding on the toronto stock exchange. alboini's jaguar financial owns slightly less than a percent stake. large institutions and mutual funds, largely canadian, own more than percent of rim and alboini, a veteran mergers awyer, knows many of them. he declined to tell ibtimes who he has contacted. a u.s. securities and exchange commission check on sept. shows no new investor filings. but alboini, a devoted blackberry user along with tens of millions of others, believes there is value in the brand. untested, he told ibtimes, is the value of rim's more than ,300 patents as well as whatever it got from a ,500-patent trove for which it spent million last quarter alone, as part of a syndicate with apple, microsoft, emc, sony and ericsson. recall that google dropped out of that auction at .billion. that deal is a long way from approval. but alboini, as well as other analysts, said the ip in rim's trove, as well as its expertise in the corporate or enterprise market, could be the key to unlock its value. one reason is that rim operates like a cable operator, with a steady stream of monthly service revenue. the question is how. another key metric in the latest rim report: more than percent of sales came from outside north america and the u.k., with particular strength in giant developing markets like indonesia, brazil and china. rim has five million customers in indonesia alone. the reason is that blackberrys are cheap, said alboini. under better management, rim could make them as big a hit worldwide as apple has with the iphone. rim shipped .million blackberrys in the second quarter. meanwhile, rim, mimicking apple's ipad, shipped only about 200,000 blackberry playbooks in the quarter, a foray into the tablet sector. it was a disaster to ship them without functioning e-mail, alboini told ibtimes. it was if rim management sold a product incompatible with its crown jewels. rim reported earning only .billion. moreover, the company forecast third quarter earnings between .a share on revenue between .billion. a year ago, rim said second quarter net was .a share, on revenue of .billion. apple alone shipped about .million iphones and .million ipads in the period ended june . jefferies analyst peter misek downgraded rim shares to underperform from hold, noting sales of new blackberry os phones were lackluster as sales of older units continued to deteriorate. misek also believes rim will try to rush a smartphone based on the qnx technology recently acquired in time for january's consumer electronics show. however, misek noted rim developers are having problems integrating the qnx phone with e-mail and calendar functions. meanwhile, new products are expected to be unleashed to consumers soon, including a kindle tablet from amazon, android-based chinese phones from huawei and zte priced around as well as apple's iphone . alboini and potential other activist investors might demand rim auction itself or perhaps launch a patent sale similar to eastman kodak's current exercise or interdigital's entire self-auction. the company could also hold itself up to a private equity buyer such as a silver lake partners or tpg with deep pockets and experience owning technology companies to boost their value. with about ,300 patents, a sale could prove lucrative, although the preferred method in a fast-growing sector is for the owner to arrange cross-licenses and derive royalties. the portfolio could be valued as high as billion, some analysts suggest. meanwhile, rim's os could stand to lose further market share behind apple and various google android os products if microsoft manages to get enough vendors to install windows tablet os which it released to developers last week. market researchers idc and ihsisuppli said it remains in fourth place in mobile market share vs. apple, samsung and nokia.
__label__non_math	0.9945	and as good as today's beginning stages of deflation may feel, especially when filling up at a service station or shopping for a house, economists warn that there is a high price to pay down the road and that current monetary policy is only raising that price. of course, not all price reductions are created equal. a price drop that stems primarily from an increase in technological efficiency is not deflation; it's progress. deflation is a fall in prices that stems from a shrinking money supply, just as inflation is a price hike that stems from an increase in the supply of money. deflation ramps up when people borrow to make a big purchase on the assumption that what they are buying will be worth more later. but if prices fall, the loan will have to be repaid in dollars that are worth more than the dollars they borrowed, making the debt more onerous. as a result, when people expect falling prices, they become less willing to spend, and in particular less willing to borrow. and when that happens, the economy may stay depressed because people expect deflation, and deflation may continue because the economy remains depressed. it's a nasty cycle and it can often be traced back to the central bank's balance sheet expansion. deflation is the one thing that a leveraged economy can't handle, said steve blitz, chief economist at itg investment research. the implication on the whole economy is potentially ruinous. the idea that every time the stock markets have some kind of a hiccup and they the fed policymakers need to rush in with some sort of quantitative ease is a dangerous road for them to go on. deflation is always a risk if you engage in a policy of inflation, said albert lu, managing director and chief portfolio manager of wb advisors. the problem with the addiction to money-printing is that it can't stop without dire -- albeit in the long-term healthy -- short-term economic consequences, he said. to jump-start the economy, the central bank would increase the money supply and bank credit to support certain sectors or projects. that's what the fed did after the dot-com bubble of burst. the problem is that once the fed stops the infusion of additional credit and money, deflation rapidly takes hold. it then takes an ever-increasing amount of new money creation to achieve a temporary suppression of deflation's symptoms. inflation-sustained projects are unsustainable because the expansion rests on government fiat, not economic fundamentals like supply and demand. take the government's determination to promote home ownership. that public policy was advanced with easy money, especially during alan greenspan's leadership of the fed, compulsory lending to unqualified borrowers and fannie mae and freddie mac buying tranches of subprime mortgages. home ownership boomed. and then it collapsed. home prices still haven't recovered: u.s. home prices fell in march the latest data available , ending the first quarter at the lowest levels since the housing crisis began in mid-, according to standard poor's case-shiller home-price indexes. prices are down roughly percent from their peak in the second quarter of . essentially, as soon as the government stops the expansion, you are going to hit one of these deflationary corrections with all of the nasty business cycles that accompany it, lu said. and often how the government reacts to that is with additional stimulus. for a third year in a row, the u.s. is seeing an economic slowdown and in response, policymakers could be unveiling policy sequels such as: fiscal stimulus , operation twist or quantitative easing . they are basically keeping the thing going by continuously adding money and credit, lu said. this is just delaying the correction we need. we've been prolonging the agony, and the final correction will be much worse than it had to be, lu said. let them fail the depression of shows why the fed should sit on its collective hands at their june federal open market committee meeting. from the spring of to the summer of , nominal gross domestic product fell by .percent, wholesale prices by .percent and the consumer price index dropped by .percent. meanwhile, unemployment topped out at about percent from a pre-bust level of as low as percent. in response, the administration of warren g. harding balanced the budget and the fed tightened money supply, pushing up short-term rates in mid-depression to as high as .percent. harding also decided to let the ailing businesses fail. then something wonderful happened: the economy purged itself and by , the nation's unemployment rate fell back to .percent. there was no government bailout, no rock-bottom interest rates, no qe, no stimulus of any kind. yet the depression ended. we actually need a deflation. believe it or not, it's actually healthy, lu said. however painful it is, deflation is the natural consequence of prior inflation and is a necessary step in the economic recovery. trying to avoid it through additional fed action will prolong the depression, lu said.
__label__non_math	0.9937	in fact, the united states apparently just emerged from the hottest spring on record. the period between june and may of this year was the warmest on record since noaa record keeping began in . aside from washington, every state experienced higher-than-average temperatures during that period, which also featured the second-warmest summer and fourth-warmest winter in almost years. the nation's average temperature during those months hovered at degrees fahrenheit, reportedly .degrees above the long-term average, surpassing the previous record, which was just set in april, in an analysis of temperatures between may and april . the warmer-than-average conditions persisted through the winter and spring, resulting in a limited snowfall that the rutgers global snow lab reports was the third-smallest on record for the contiguous u.s. the rising temperatures may have altered precipitation patterns as well, according to noaa. while the country as a whole actually experienced a drier spring than usual, the west coast, northern plains and upper midwest regions were simultaneously wetter than average. on a more concerning note, the prevalence of natural disasters, such as the disastrous tornado in joplin, mo., and the massive, hurricane-caused flooding in vermont, that plagued the country over the past year were also far form usual. the u.s. climate extreme index, which tracks extremes in temperatures, precipitation, drought and tropical cyclones, reached percent this past spring. that's twice the average value. the noaa report is not the only recent analysis to note the prevalence, and consequences, of rising temperatures. on thursday, nasa reported that scientists have discovered unprecedented blooms of plant life beneath the waters of the arctic ocean. while that certainly does not seem like cause for concern, nasa noted it was likely caused by a thinning of the arctic ocean's three-foot thick layer of ice, allowing the sun to penetrate that ice to foster plant life under the sea. a continuous rise in summer temperatures is expected to triple the number of heat-related deaths in the u.s. by the end of the century, the natural resources defense council reported last month. in an analysis of peer-reviewed data, the organization said summer temperatures could rise by to degrees fahrenheit by that time due to human-induced climate change, which could increase the number of summer heat-related deaths from ,300 to ,600 a year.
__label__non_math	0.9898	my fav would have to be "it was a good day" on sat, at , cube does have alot of dope cuts but the best imo gotta be " you know how we do it". still bumpin' it to this day and that's a year jam right there on sat, at , "you know how we do it", no diggity on sat, at , gangsta rap mad3 m3 do it da list go3z ooooonnn.... on fri, at , mo hours was a real ass song.. ihad to deal with tht shxt cube was spittin la life in real time.. 'fuckk a four-leave clover, thanks for the range rover" on tue, at , well to man to name but favs .record company pimpin .what can i do remix .natrual born killas .the gangsta,the killer, the dope dealer .king of the hill i can go on and on when it comes to the greastest gangster rapper of all time on mon, at , on mon, at , the greatest cube song is "when will they shoot" on sat, at , why we thugs on wed, at , gangsta rap made me do it and why me because he talks the truth on those both songs for real on mon, at , what can i do there is nothing to display yet, check back soon. no users fitting this criteria. ice cube. . powered by ground ctrl
__label__non_math	1.0000	- software-as-a-service provider to bring best mid-market option to the uk - hazlet, n.j. icims, the third largest provider of software-as-a-service saas talent acquisition solutions, announced today the company has enhanced its international presence with the opening of a new office in london, uk. the opening of the new european office broadens icims' global sales levels as well as brings to the uk the best talent management solution for the mid-market. the opening of the new uk office expands icims' position as a dominant global provider; now with offices throughout north-america, asia-pacific and europe. the new office, staffed with local sales executives, marks the beginning of an aggressive global sales push as well as the development of international channel and reseller partnerships. additionally, the uk office will provide icims with enhanced international resources and partnerships to more effectively support the needs of clients already taking advantage of the european market, as well as those clients looking to expand their international borders. over the last four years, icims has emerged as a dominant global player, supporting over 700 clients worldwide on the icims talent platform. customers leverage icims for all aspects of the workforce lifecycle, including applicant tracking, on-boarding , performance management, succession planning, surveys, and more. icims' scalable talent platform has gained industry recognition as a strong technology solution to power these initiatives; particularly for mid-market companies who foresee growth and expansion in their future. because the single-source talent platform is configurable according to changing business needs, growing organizations are able to scale the platform without incurring customization or data storage fees. from a global standpoint, the icims talent platform gives mid-market organizations the ability to establish and promote global recruitment campaigns with multi-lingual career centers for candidates, and a fully searchable and reportable back-end database for end-users. this allows icims to deliver multiple workflows in different languages within the one core platform while enabling clients to have a localized focus on their talent initiatives. icims has been the number one mid-market provider in the united states and now we have the opportunity to bring that expertise to the uk, said icims' ceo and president colin day. because of our flexible technology and superior, around-the-clock customer support , coupled with the talent platform's ability to manage different languages, workflows and talent initiatives through one easy-to-use system, icims is able to deliver significant benefits to growing multi-national companies. icims maintains strategic alliances with firms like juniper networks and akamai, enabling users across the globe to access their data instantly over a network of ,000 cache servers and facilitating the talent platform's ability to run up to four times faster than competing web-based solutions. these alliances, along with icims' single-source delivery philosophy, help create the fastest and most reliable platform. in addition, icims has been named the two-time winner of the hrchitect beauty contest for talent acquisition solutions and mid market applicant tracking solutions as well as was named the customer service department of the year. with customer support available -hours a day, five days a week, and a percent customer satisfaction rating, icims provides international best practices and ongoing support to global companies like no other organization can. icims, a leading provider of innovative software-as-a-service saas talent acquisition solutions, is an inc. 500 and software satisfaction honoree focused on solving corporate business issues through the implementation of easy-to-use, scalable solutions that are backed by award-winning customer service. icims' talent platform, the industry's premier candidate management solution, enables organizations to manage their entire talent acquisition lifecycle from sourcing, to recruiting, to onboarding all within a single web-based application. with more than ,500 clients worldwide, icims is one of the largest and fastest-growing talent acquisition system providers with offices in north america, uk, and china. to learn more about how icims can help your organization, visit or view a free online demo of the icims talent platform.
__label__non_math	0.9965	singapore icis news --asia s benzene market continued to falter this week, with prices falling tonne . tonne on thursday on the back of weak crude values and high benzene supply in the region, industry sources said. prices were hovering at -950 tonne fob free on board korea in the afternoon, they said. the sharp decline in crude futures overnight remained a key factor for the bearish sentiment among benzene sellers, they added. crude oil futures rebounded slightly to above bbl on thursday asian trade. offers for any march loading heard at -980 tonne fob ?xml:namespace majority of the asian crackers, reformers, toluene disproportionation tdp and hydro-dealkylation hda units were running at full steam due to healthy margins, compounding the supply glut in this region, market sources said. demand from the key downstream styrene monomer sm sector was also expected to wane from february, with the start of turnaround season at a number of facilities, they added. for the latest chemical news, data and analysis that directly impacts your business sign up for a free trial to icis news - the breaking online news service for the global chemical industry. get the facts and analysis behind the headlines from our market leading weekly magazine: sign up to a free trial to icis chemical business.
__label__non_math	1.0000	after making his name as a key player in johan cruyff's 'dream team' of the 90s, pep guardiola, as manager, has assembled a barcelona team that looks even better. where once there was rom rio, michael laudrup and hristo stoichkov, now there is leo messi, andr s iniesta and xavi. in illustrious seasons as a barcelona player after his debut in , guardiola won trophies. as manager, however, he has won from a possible in under four years, a phenomenal record that has already seen him overtake cruyff as the most successful manager in barcelona's history. after enrolling at barcelona's famous la mas a youth academy aged , guardiola grew up playing football the barcelona way. a graceful ball-playing defensive midfielder, he was crucial to the club's success and became one of the world's most acclaimed players. he made well over well over 300 appearances for barcelona, becoming captain in , and won caps for spain. as manager, guardiola has taken his success to another level. he was appointed in to replace frank rijkaard, and his impact was immediate. in his first season in charge, barcelona won every trophy possible as they recorded a historic sextuple. it set the tone for what was to follow. guardiola has instilled a sense of identity, passion and family at barcelona that was lacking under rijkaard. he has combined an outstandingly gifted collection of players to devastating effect, and won more cl sicos against real madrid than any other barcelona manager in history. his side's glorious playing style is unrivalled in modern football. intricate possession play and fluid attacking movement have been barcelona's methods for years, but never before have they been so effective. pep guardiola has created arguably the greatest side of all time, and now icons are offering you the chance to own fantastic products signed by the man himself.
__label__non_math	1.0000	shock family network you will be subscribed to our freebies newsletter, so that you will receive amazing freebies in your inbox, no crap, no ads, no spam freebies by: iconshock, designshock and themeshock amazing freebies every week in your e-mail, don't miss the next ones with the shock newsletter, sign up now. sending email to your friends
__label__non_math	0.8809	study search results your query returned results. series results are grouped under the most relevant study. you can ungroup series results. use the search box below to revise your search, or start a new search. found a problem? use our form to let us know. icpsr is part of the institute for social research at the university of michigan.
__label__math	0.5507	hispanic established populations for the epidemiologic study of the elderly hepese wave , arizona, california, colorado, new mexico, and texas icpsr alternate title: hispanic epese, principal investigator s : markides, kyriakos s., university of texas-medical branch; ray, laura a., university of texas-medical branch; angel, ronald, university of texas-austin; espino, david v., university of texas-san antonio. health science center summary: this dataset comprises the fifth follow-up of the baseline hispanic epese hispanic established populations for the epidemiologic studies of the elderly, : arizona, california, colorado, new mexico, and texas icpsr . the baseline hispanic epese collected data on a representative sample of community-dwelling mexican americans, aged years and older, residing in the five southwestern states of arizona, california, colorado, new mexico, and texas. the primary purpose of the seri... more info this data is freely available. markides, kyriakos s., laura a. ray, ronald angel, and david v. espino. hispanic established populations for the epidemiologic study of the elderly hepese wave , arizona, california, colorado, new mexico, and texas . icpsr29654-v1. ann arbor, mi: inter-university consortium for political and social research distributor , . doi:. icpsr29654.v1 persistent url: this survey was funded by: - united states department of health and human services. national institutes of health. national institute on aging scope of study summary: this dataset comprises the fifth follow-up of the baseline hispanic epese hispanic established populations for the epidemiologic studies of the elderly, : arizona, california, colorado, new mexico, and texas icpsr . the baseline hispanic epese collected data on a representative sample of community-dwelling mexican americans, aged years and older, residing in the five southwestern states of arizona, california, colorado, new mexico, and texas. the primary purpose of the series was to provide estimates of the prevalence of key physical health conditions, mental health conditions, and functional impairments in older mexican americans and to compare these estimates with those for other populations. the hispanic epese provides data on risk factors for mortality and morbidity in mexican americans in order to contrast how these factors operate differently in non-hispanic white americans, african americans, and other major ethnic groups. the public-use data cover demographic characteristics age, sex, type of hispanic race, income, education, marital status, number of children, employment, and religion , height, weight, social and physical functioning, chronic conditions, related health problems, health habits, self-reported use of dental, hospital, and nursing home services, and depression. subsequent follow-ups provide a cross-sectional examination of the predictors of mortality, changes in health outcomes, and institutionalization, and other changes in living arrangements, as well as changes in life situations and quality of life issues. during this 6th wave, , reinterviews were conducted either in person or by proxy, with 921 of the original respondents. this fifth follow-up includes an additional sample of 621 mexican americans aged years and over with higher average-levels of education than those of the surviving cohort, increasing the total number of respondents to ,542. by diversifying the aged years and older cohort, a better understanding can be gained of the influence of socioeconomic and cultural variations on the lives and health older mexican americans. subject terms: demographic characteristics, ethnicity, health behavior, health problems, health status, hispanic or latino americans, life expectancy, living arrangements, mental health, mexican americans, mortality rates, older adults, population characteristics, quality of life smallest geographic unit: census tract date of collection: universe: adult mexican americans aged years and older living in the southwestern united states of texas, california, new mexico, arizona, and colorado. data types: survey data data collection notes: the resource book of the hispanic established populations for epidemiologic studies of the elderly may be obtained from earlier hispanic epese collections i.e., icpsr , , , . users of these data should note when doing analyses -- the scales for the following items should be reversed: x6cesd4, x6cesd8, x6cesd12, and x6cesd16. hispanic epese, icpsr , was modeled after the design of -- established populations for epidemiologic studies of the elderly, : east boston, massachusetts, iowa and washington counties, iowa, new haven, connecticut, and north central north carolina icpsr and established populations for epidemiologic studies of the elderly, : piedmont health survey of the elderly, fourth in-person survey durham, warren, vance, granville, and franklin counties, north carolina icpsr . the first follow-up of the baseline data hispanic epese wave ii, icpsr followed ,438 of the original ,050 respondents, and the second follow-up hispanic epese wave iii, icpsr followed ,980 of these respondents. the third follow-up, hispanic epese wave iv icpsr followed ,682 of the original respondents. the fourth follow-up, hispanic epese wave v icpsr followed ,167 of the original respondents. for the variable shear65, the value labels correspond to the questionnaire provided. the variables nogg7sys6, aamed62a, aamed63, and bb1e6 are found in the codebook but not in the dataset. for the variable wcorr612, all values are set to system missing. a discrepency between the codebook and dataset exists for the following variables: sbpavg6, dbpavg6, u63m, bb2a6, and hh7c6. total n for the variable sbpavg6 in the codebook is listed as but should be . total n for the variable dbpavg6 in the codebook is listed as 127 but should be . variable u53m in the codebook should be listed as u63m. label don't need help for variable bb2a6 is listed as but should be . total n for the variable hh7c6 in the codebook is listed as but should be . a consistent decimal precision of two places was used in this dataset to maintain consistency between previous waves of the hepese data collection icpsr , , , , . sample: this study utilizes a complex, multistage sample design. please consult the user guide associated with previous waves of this study for further information regarding the sampling methodology. mode of data collection: face-to-face interview personal interviews with subject or proxy response rates: wave -- baseline: .percent, wave -- 1st follow-up: .percent, wave -- 2nd follow-up: .percent, wave -- 3rd follow-up: .percent, wave -- 4th follow-up: .percent, and wave -- 5th follow-up: .percent. presence of common scales: mmse, ces-d, iadl, adl, clox, cage, neighborhood items from the los angeles family and neighborhood study sastry , from the project on human development in chicago neighborhoods sampson et al. , and from the social cohesion and trust scale sampson . extent of processing: icpsr data undergo a confidentiality review and are altered when necessary to limit the risk of disclosure. icpsr also routinely creates ready-to-go data files along with setups in the major statistical software formats as well as standard codebooks to accompany the data. in addition to these procedures, icpsr performed the following processing steps for this data collection: - created variable labels and or value labels. - created online analysis version with question text. - checked for undocumented or out-of-range codes. original icpsr release: use any of the notification links to add this study to your rss feed; you will then receive notification if the study is substantively updated. - citations exports are provided above. export study-level metadata does not include variable-level metadata if you're looking for collection-level metadata rather than an individual metadata record, please visit our metadata records page.
__label__non_math	0.8646	drug abuse treatment outcome study--adolescent datos-a , : united states icpsr alternate title: datos-a, principal investigator s : united states department of health and human services. national institutes of health. national institute on drug abuse summary: drug abuse treatment outcome study - adolescent datos-a was a multisite, prospective, community-based, longitudinal study of adolescents entering treatment. it was designed to evaluate the effectiveness of adolescent drug treatment by investigating the characteristics of the adolescent population, the structure and process of drug abuse treatment in adolescent programs, and the relationship of these factors with outcomes. three major types or modalities of programs included in the study were c... more info this data is freely available. this study is maintained and distributed by the substance abuse mental health data archive samhda . samhda is supported by the substance abuse mental health services administration samhsa , center for behavioral health statistics and quality cbhsq , formerly the office of applied studies. warning: this study is over 150mb in size and may take several minutes to download on a typical internet connection. united states department of health and human services. national institutes of health. national institute on drug abuse. drug abuse treatment outcome study--adolescent datos-a , : united states . icpsr03404-v3. ann arbor, mi: inter-university consortium for political and social research distributor , . doi:. icpsr03404.v3 persistent url: this survey was funded by: - united states department of health and human services. national institutes of health. national institute on drug abuse u01-da10377 and n01da-- scope of study summary: drug abuse treatment outcome study - adolescent datos-a was a multisite, prospective, community-based, longitudinal study of adolescents entering treatment. it was designed to evaluate the effectiveness of adolescent drug treatment by investigating the characteristics of the adolescent population, the structure and process of drug abuse treatment in adolescent programs, and the relationship of these factors with outcomes. three major types or modalities of programs included in the study were chemical dependency or short-term inpatient sti , therapeutic community or residential res , and outpatient drug-free odf . the adolescent battery of instruments included intake, intreatment, and follow-up questionnaires based largely on the datos adult study drug abuse treatment outcome study datos , : united states icpsr instrument format, with considerable tailoring to the adolescent population. clients entering treatment completed two comprehensive intake interviews intake and intake , approximately one week apart. this information is provided in parts and of the data collection. these interviews were designed to obtain baseline data on drug use and other behaviors, such as illegal involvement, as well as information on background and demographic characteristics, education and training, mental health status, employment, income and expenditures, drug and alcohol dependence, health, religiosity and self-concept, and motivation and readiness for treatment. the one-, three-, and six-month intreatment interviews parts , , and included items on treatment access, intreatment experience, and psychological functioning, as well as questions replicated from some of the domains in the intake and questionnaires. the -month post-treatment follow-up interview part included questions replicated from the previous interviews, and also included post-treatment status. part includes variables for time in treatment and interview availability indicators. the measures data part were generated by using the diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders rev. 3rd ed., dsm-iii-r american psychiatric association, . the variables in part give either the dsm-iii-r level of dependence to a drug category or they describe whether the subject meets the dsm-iii-r standard for a particular disorder. the -month follow-up urine result data part provide the results from urine sample tests that were given to a sample of subjects at the time of the -month follow-up interview. the urine test was used to ascertain the nature and extent of bias in the self-reports of the respondents. urine specimens were tested for eight categories of drugs amphetamines, barbiturates, benzodiazepines, cannabinoids, cocaine metabolite, methaqualone, opiates, and phencyclidine . the drugs covered in the study were alcohol, tobacco, marijuana hashish, thc , cocaine including crack , heroin, narcotics or opiates such as morphine, codeine, demerol, dilaudid, and talwin, illegal methadone, sedatives and tranquilizers such as barbiturates and depressants, amphetamines or other stimulants such as speed or diet pills, methamphetamines, lsd, pcp, and other hallucinogens or psychedelics, and inhalants such as glue, gasoline, paint thinner, and aerosol sprays. the study also included drug of choice, frequency, and route of administration. subject terms: adolescents, aids, alcohol abuse, drug abuse, drug treatment, drug use, education, employment, health, hiv, mental health, sexual behavior, substance abuse treatment, tobacco use, treatment outcome, treatment programs geographic coverage: united states date of collection: unit of observation: individual universe: clients admitted to selected drug treatment programs in the united states in . data types: clinical data, survey data data collection notes: users are advised that the data are most appropriately analyzed by modality. the intake and intake data files contain several continuous variables that denote age at the time of a certain event. for some of these variables, dichotomous codes and were also used for "don't know but under " and "don't know but or older," respectively. code was also used for actual responses of "year old." because it is unlikely that these events occurred at age , the code was changed to "or don't know but under " in order to make it clearer that this code denotes something other than age . users are cautioned that this may have an effect on any analyses performed using these variables. users are advised that some datos-a publications exclude data from two sites that had low response rates. however, the public use files include data from all six sites. datos-a is an ongoing collaborative research effort of the national development and research institutes at north carolina ndri , texas christian university, the university of california at los angeles, and nida. for additional information, see the datos web site. conducted by the coordinating datos research center at the national development and research institutes ndri , north carolina, and collaborating research centers at texas christian university and the university of california at los angeles, with data collected by the research triangle institute. sample: six cities located in different sections of the united states were selected for the study because they each had a sufficient number of adolescent programs to support the research design. all six cities were medium to large metropolitan areas with established treatment systems. these cities were a subset of the sites for the datos adult study drug abuse treatment outcome study datos , : united states icpsr . treatment programs were purposefully sampled and included programs that treated an adolescent population separately from an adult population and programs with projected patient admissions of at least five patients per month. thirty-seven programs participated in the study. respondents were sampled from among those admitted to treatment in . a total of ,382 clients participated in the intake interview. of those, ,258 participated in the one-month intreatment interview, ,120 participated in the three-month intreatment interview, and ,785 participated in the -month follow-up. the intake treatment sample was percent male, percent african american, and percent hispanic, with a mean age of between and years and a mean of years education. over half had some juvenile or criminal justice status at admission, two-thirds had no prior drug treatment experience, and the predominant drug-use patterns included weekly or daily use of marijuana alone or combined with alcohol. for the urine testing that was done at the month follow-up, percent of the respondents interviewed at follow-up were randomly selected to provide a urine sample for testing. a total of 464 respondents were asked to provide a specimen. urine specimens suitable for testing were obtained for 417, and results were available for 362 respondents and analyzed at a nida-certified laboratory. mode of data collection: face-to-face interview response rates: ,974 of the clients who completed the intake interview were selected as eligible for the -month follow-up interview reasons for ineligibility include incarceration, hospitalization, language barrier, and living outside of the metropolitan interviewing area . of these eligible clients, .percent were located, percent were successfully interviewed, .percent were deceased, and .percent refused to participate. extent of processing: icpsr data undergo a confidentiality review and are altered when necessary to limit the risk of disclosure. icpsr also routinely creates ready-to-go data files along with setups in the major statistical software formats as well as standard codebooks to accompany the data. in addition to these procedures, icpsr performed the following processing steps for this data collection: - performed consistency checks. - created variable labels and or value labels. - standardized missing values. - created online analysis version with question text. - checked for undocumented or out-of-range codes. original icpsr release: - the question text was updated to enhance the clarity of each question by adding question stems and qualifying information. also, minor typographical errors were corrected. - sas transport xport , spss portable, and stata system files were added to parts -. some corrections were made to the codebooks. - on new files were added to one or more datasets. these files included additional setup files as well as one or more of the following: sas program, sas transport, spss portable, and stata system files. the metadata record was revised to reflect these additions. - three datasets were added to the study: -month intreatment data part , measures data part , and -month follow-up urine result data part . corresponding documentation was prepared for each. value labels were added for one variable musa in part , -month follow-up data. - list all citations associated with this study most recent publications browse matching variables ds5: -month follow-up data use any of the notification links to add this study to your rss feed; you will then receive notification if the study is substantively updated. - citations exports are provided above. export study-level metadata does not include variable-level metadata if you're looking for collection-level metadata rather than an individual metadata record, please visit our metadata records page.
__label__non_math	1.0000	"best paw forward then came bob" "best paw forward"--when cement is poured at the new birdwell island recreation center, the kids and dogs are invited to leave their handprints. but clifford's paw print is just too big to stay
__label__non_math	0.9340	adapted from a recent online discussion. carolyn: i'm a high school junior and i hate it. i am not bullied, but i don't have a lot of friends and the whole thing is just ridiculous. i am already taking a few ap courses and finally talked to my guidance counselor today about graduating early. he said i can if i really buckle down, take on some independent study and do one ged requirement class online. school is pretty easy for me, and i don't have any other distractions. i also need my parents' permission, but i don't think they'll let me. they know how unhappy i am, but keep saying how this is the last carefree time of my life, and i should enjoy it. i'm not, and i won't. if i graduate early, i can start classes at community college. my plan is to build up enough credits that i can transfer to a four-year school as a junior and save a lot of money. then i won't have huge debt. i realize my plans could change, but i still want to finish high school and get on with my life. how can i convince them that these aren't the best years of my life? want to move on you don't "think" they'll let you. i see the same trail of breadcrumbs you're seeing, but that's still not the same thing as knowing how your parents will respond. that's point . point , you have a guidance counselor who knows at least the outline of your situation. any chance you can fill in some details and get more guidance on the parent-management side? point , one of the most powerful tools of persuasion, is to understand and acknowledge your parents' concerns. if you approach it by dismissing each of their points, then you're just playing into a perception that you're too young to know what's best. if you say, "i understand, you're afraid i'll look back someday and wonder why i was in such a rush to stop being a kid. and you might be right about that - i won't pretend i can see the future. the thing is, though, i'm not enjoying being a kid at this time at this school, and i'm hoping you'll help me find a way to finish out these years that suits me - even if it's not what you've had in mind." email firstname.lastname chat online at a.m. fridays at
__label__non_math	1.0000	rahiq baby bodysuits are an idakoos specialtiy
__label__non_math	1.0000	carter raglan women t-shirts are an idakoos specialtiy
__label__non_math	1.0000	making the girl with the dragon tattoo a graphic novel british crime writer denise mina known internationally for her work has in recent years moved into comics and graphic novels and is currently engaged on writing the graphic novel adaptations of stieg larsson s international bestselling millennium trilogy the girl with the dragon tattoo, the girl who played with fire and the girl who kicked the hornet s nest. she talks about the art of adaptation and working with graphic artists with illustrations from this work. this is part of the university of bristol autumn art lecture series run in association with bristol festival of ideas which look at the art of the book, from the physical beauty that books can convey in the illuminated manuscript, the natural history publication and the work of william morris, through the commercial beauty of penguin covers, to graphic novels and how artists work with books today. for details of all events click here. crime writer denise mina is inextricably linked with the mean streets of glasgow where she was born, and where each of her nine novels is set. they include the award-winning garnethill trilogy, and a subsequent series centred on the 1980s journalist paddy meehan and her negotiations with the less than enlightened glasgow of that era: working-class, macho and sectarian. denise s first paddy meehan novel, the field of blood, has recently become a bbc television drama. her comics include hellblazer: empathy is the enemy, hellblazer: the red right hand and a sickness in the family about spree killing and property prices. her new project is writing the graphic novel adaptations of stieg larsson s millennium trilogy: the girl with the dragon tattoo, the girl who played with fire and the girl who kicked the hornet s nest. if you would like to subscribe to our rss comments feed, please click on the orange xml logo below click here to read more about our rss feeds .
__label__non_math	0.9988	david lynch s film mulholland drive contains one of my favourite movie scenes. the movie s director and its producers are meeting their financial backers, and david lynch creates a fantastic visual metaphor for the power struggle between art and money. i am going to follow lynch s advice here. don t describe it, if you can show it. it takes a lot of money to make movies. quite necessarily this creates a certain nervousness in the industry. but what really makes movie studios the kings of fickle is this: selling movies is like selling incredibly expensive vegetables. your average flic goes to mush faster than a banana in august. to be successful, a typical hollywood movie has about days to earn its production cost at the box office. of course, additional money will flow from dvds, and itunes and vods, but the theatrical success massively influences future income from those secondary markets. differently said: a successful batman movie gets a lot more shelf space at blockbuster than, say, kamikaze . motion pictures have thus long been among the most heavily, and most innovatively advertised goods in our society. ad agency people don t think much about it, because we usually don t get those jobs. nevertheless, a typical hollywood ad campaign is integrated marketing at its best. - it all starts with the seeded rumors on filmfan platforms. did you hear that die hard v is now in development? imdb says yes: and mtv knows details: - next, there s film related pr in common interest magazines. remember daniel craig in the light blue trunks? - then the first trailer is leaked in some movie theaters, and afterwards, it shows up on movie trailer sites. - about four weeks before the start, billboards and posters and tv-ads pop up everywhere. - so do the tie-ins. shrek iv happy meal anyone? or should it be an iron man burger instead. - a full flash website with engaging mini-games and background info goes live. - making-ofs and behind-the-scenes are all over network television. - finally, in the last frenetic week, all the film s stars stack up on amphetamines and first class tickets and hit the talk shows until - premiere night, which is at least featured prominently in the big local newspapers. a movie like avatar, with a production budget mumbled to be around 250 million usd, easily adds an advertising media budget of 150 million to its cost. so that it really costs way more than 400 million usd to bring avatar into the cinemas. this is similar for all movies, even if on a smaller scale. iron man , marvel comics sequel to last years success, is reported to have a production budget of 160 million and an advertising budget of 100 million dollars. because unlike with many other products, not advertising is not an option. while all this is great news for talk-show hosts and tv-stations and microsite producers, it s a steroid-zombie invasion scenario for mid-sized studios and independent filmmakers. because there is just no way they can support their films with the same marketing firepower. what happens if they don t? take the now famous case of motherhood , a recent independently produced movie with uma thurman. to be honest, blogging moms are not the hottest topic. granted, the trailer does not spell success. and admitted, it was solid flop in the us last october. but it achieved true notoriety when the guardian reported that motherhood made a ridiculous at the uk box office in its entire first week. the film s uk distributor metrodome openly admits to not even trying to get people into the theatres, as any regular advertising campaign would never have recouped its cost. metrodome instead focused on selling dvds. however, the fact that the distributor was content with catnip does not make it any less of a watershed event. without a big ad campaign, invisibility is now an option, even if your movie has stars like uma thurman and minnie driver in it. to be continued: how social media may or may not save the day for smaller films.
__label__non_math	0.9999	you are in: home error it was here just a minute ago... the place you are looking for has up and disappeared. some possible reasons: the establishment is no longer on the program. they can be elusive, arriving briefly, and vanishing suddenly. you must be logged in to see it sometimes things only appear to you under the right circumstances. you must attain a certain level of membership to earn rewards there. sometimes status has its privileges. it is a ghost restaurant. no, forget we said that. there is no such thing as the ghost restaurant.
__label__non_math	0.9996	a few weeks ago we told you about a security bug involving ios and smart covers. the folks over at 9to5mac discovered that if you left your ipad on the power screen, anyone with a smart cover could gain access to your tablet. as serious as the issue was, we figured that a fix would come from apple within a few days. but more than a week passed by without word. then, yesterday, the cupertino company released ios ..beta, and it contains a patch for the smart cover bug 9to5mac reported last night that the latest version of ios resolves the smart cover security issue. the new software apparently won t let you use a smart cover to lock the ipad while the device is on its power screen. apple seeded ios ..to developers yesterday afternoon with a number of fixes. the update should be available to the public within the next few weeks. we ll keep you updated.
__label__non_math	0.9989	safety, technical and mega projects workshop by: northern canada note: ieee life member rates are the same as the student ieee member. registration fees are in canadian funds and include gst. registration is also available at the door. ieee membership if you are not an ieee member ieee memberships will be available at the registration desk. annual ieee membership dues are . usd , so if you are not an ieee member, the first benefit you would receive by joining is a discount on the workshop registration the ieee is a non-profit, technical professional association of more than 350,000 individual members in 150 countries. through its members, the ieee is a leading authority in technical areas ranging from computer engineering, biomedical technology and telecommunications, to electric power, aerospace and consumer electronics, among others. through its technical publishing, conferences and consensus-based standards activities, the ieee: the benefits of ieee membership include these offerings: for information on how to become an ieee member, please visit for details.
__label__non_math	0.9883	education:gala celebrations telecommunications grade world history technology time required for completed lesson minutes for introduction and minutes for presentations, time will vary based on size of class; work can be completed in class or out of class common core state standards sl.-.. present information, findings, and supporting evidence clearly, concisely, and logically such that listeners can follow the line of reasoning and the organization, development, substance, and style are appropriate to purpose, audience, and task. sl.-.. make strategic use of digital media e.g., textual, graphical, audio, visual, and interactive elements in presentations to enhance understanding of findings, reasoning, and evidence and to add interest. sl.-.. adapt speech to a variety of contexts and tasks, demonstrating command of formal english when indicated or appropriate. computer lab or laptop cart if working on assignment in class; lap top with projector required for presentations open class with a discussion about telecommunications and celebrations. how do people communication? how has communication changed? how do we celebrate milestones in our lives births, marriages, birthdays? share with students article - happy anniversary: first email sent with an attachment turns divide classes into small groups or students in each group. groups can be assigned telecommunications milestones or pick their own milestone. each group should have a different milestone. milestones can included gutenberg s improved printing press, the optical telegraph, the american postal service, the pony express, the stagecoach, the telegraph, morse code, the telephone, the radio, the electronic television, the internet, pagers, cellular devices, social media websites, and e-mail. the student groups will work as party planners. their task is to plan and present a gala celebration honoring their telecommunications milestone. the plan can be presented in a powerpoint or prezi format. the plan must include the following: a meaningful date and location for the celebration, an invitation, decorations, guest list of living and deceased dignitaries , basic menu, entertainment and party favors. student groups are given two weeks to complete their presentations. see resources section below for links be sure to pair students with a higher level learner to help her him with activity. be prepared to share additional notes with students and if necessary extend due dates. group project and presentation rubrics language arts presentation skills, research skills review and return rubrics to students. decorate the classroom or bulletin boards with printed invitations for the gala celebrations.
__label__non_math	1.0000	having trouble logging into the ghn or forgot your password? click on the "e-mail new password" button below to obtain a new password. if you do not receive this e-mail within minutes, please use the contact form to notify the site administrator. if you are new to the ghn, sign up for an account today you must have cookies enabled to log in to ghn.
__label__non_math	0.9999	1st ieee international symposium on wireless 30th september - 1st october renaissance harborplace hotel, 202 east pratt street, baltimore, md, usa, wireless vehicular communications has been identified as a key technology for increasing road safety and transport efficiency, and providing internet access on the move to ensure wireless ubiquitous connectivity. the potential of this technology has been acknowledged with the establishment of ambitious research programs worldwide, such as the european esafety initiative, the us programs derived from the intelligent vehicle initiative and the japanese internetits and ahs programs. the ieee vehicular technology society vts currently covers through its areas of interest mobile radio, transportation systems and automotive electronics all technical aspects needed to make wireless vehicular communications a reality. as a result, the ieee vts society has decided to establish a technical symposium on wireless vehicular communications, with the first issues planned to be co-located with the reputed ieee vtc conferences. the ieee international symposium on wireless vehicular communications wivec will cover all vehicular wireless communications aspects of vehicle-to-vehicle v2v , vehicle-to-infrastructure v2i and vehicle-to-person v2p communications, including implications on transport efficiency and safety, implications on automotive electronics, liability issues, standardizations efforts and spectrum assignment. the first ieee wivec symposium will be co-located with the 66th ieee vehicular technology conference and will take place at the renaissance harborplace hotel in baltimore on the 30th september and 1st october . combined registrations packages will be offered to attendees to wivec and vtc conferences. all accepted papers will be published on the ieee xplore database. a selection of the best five wivec papers will be published in a special issue of the ieee vehicular technology magazine
__label__non_math	1.0000	ielectronics general privacy information - ielectronics.com will not sell your personal information to third parties - billing address and financial information is collected for the purpose of completing a purchase or registering with ielectronics.com online - by requesting information, you give us the right to respond to your phone number and email address; you may opt out of product emails if you do not wish to receive them - emails including user administrative info, order confirmation, and other order-related info can only be opted out of by deactivating your account ielectronics.com employs a number of third-party service providers, including those specializing in online payment processing, shipping, and online shopping carts. these third-party providers do not have permission to use your personal information for any purpose other than the fulfillment of their particular service; for example, shipping agents will receive your shipping address for the purpose of delivery only. after creating an account or purchasing a product on ielectronics.com, you may update personal information or deactivate your account at any time. email requests for deleting accounts will be honored promptly. all of your personal information is protected by secured socket layer ssl technology. we take extreme care in ensuring we meet and exceed industry standards for information security, as protecting your personal information is our number-one concern. if ielectronics.com is sold, merged, or acquired by or with another company or entity, your personal information is an asset that may be transferred. should this occur, you will be notified days in advance of transfer. you will have the choice whether the information will be transferred or deleted. in the event of any illegal activity, we may be obligated to share your personal information with law enforcement, government, or other organizations. we reserve the right to share personal information in order to respond to formal requests from law enforcement or courts.
__label__non_math	0.9918	- prada women's handabgs - cheapest place to buy louis vuitton - gucci for boys - small gucci bag - new prada america's - designer handbags hermes - discount womens gucci - cheap wholesale wallets - wholesale handbag - louis vuitton mens wallets - chanel tweed bag - buy authentic gucci - birkin 35cm hermes ostridge - hermes birkin potiron - balenciaga spring authentic discounted gucci handbags chanel handbags china louis vuitton fake pursegucci bags happen to be made in various areas of the world, it really is found in it's actually motherland italy, ough.s.any, mexico, and also china. should you ever heard of the actual gucci indy bag, which is rocking the full globe, it's got find it is way in new york gucci shelves as well as selling similar to hot cakes regardless of the grandness of its price tag. it has your exotic atmosphere of indian and eu design. this particular design has passed through numerous quality control along with fashion designers before it eventually gets the idea gucci controllato card. precisely why some gucci hand bags are reasonably priced is because of the lack of export fees that fits it, since it navigates the globe. how to make your bag with a new sense of it, this is what we give you on the bag with the proposal, wonderful not to miss it, you will be able to, you will get a new feeling. gucci outlet fashion sense not to be missed oh, wonderful oh, very useful. gucci handbag is one of the finest things a woman can have, remember the gucci jackie o bag, it has been a classic ever since louis vuitton handbags are known by everybody, they could be deemed as the first-line sophisticated products in the luxurious brands, which was established by louis vuitton, and he sold luggage at first, after this brand has won some popularity, he started to sell bags, and after so many years, the ?monogram? pattern has already become its emblem, and make this brand very identifiable. as one of the most popular line in this family, louis vuitton mini lin speedy has earned a reputation for its typical features, also along with its good quality and delicate workmanship. in order to get used to the rapid economic society, there should be a kind of bag which is convenient to carry everywhere to save the cherish time of modern people, below this situation and objective, louis vuitton mini lin speedy is created with cute shape by the clear-sighted designers, we could say that cute size and portable feature is the largest attractive point. significantly reasonably priced reproductions handle process inexpensive products that happens to be not necessarily for the reason that solid or even considering resilient considering most people used in more professional collections. generally every precious metal sectors shall be taken with cost-effective convertible top potential uses and so forth.. you might want to brows through the chunk totally ahead of ordering.this one virtually all considerations to consider use is also important renewal handbags is really because, typically, haven't any method to warranty or it could be manufacturer's extended warranty. when ever reproduction designer handbags plus wholesale handbags are normally with more compact the best quality matched against the actual posting, opting for this services, as expected, brings alot more menace relating to the buyer. ordering look-alike tote bags via the internet contains propose being very careful exclusive directory perils. well-known is usually the reality that you can easlily certainly not genuinely check that competence belonging to the matters marketed. can certainly pertaining to most of the write-ups concerning significant issues regarding sketchy net based suppliers that not dispense the items for that reason you'll want to spend a few hours finding out about a web site prior to becoming. aside from that always better to compensate just simply and your plastic card a couple of be certain that as opposed to things never presented. link: authentic discounted gucci handbags, chanel handbags china, replica gucci bags under 100.
__label__non_math	0.9996	the northern echo reports that a man who made threats on facebook to bomb asian restaurants oslo-style has been charged with sending offensive, indecent, obscene or menacing messages or matters and will appear in court later this month. from the local paper: a man has been charged after allegedly making online threats to carry out an "oslo-style" bomb attack on muslims. kenneth graham holden, , will appear before magistrates later this month charged with two counts of sending offensive, indecent, obscene or menacing messages or matters. police launched a probe after race-hate posts were allegedly made on facebook in april this year. detectives discovered comments threatening a pipe bomb attack on ocean road, in south shields , south tyneside , inspired by the norwegian mass murderer anders behring breivik. chief insp michael barton, of south tyneside area command, said they would not tolerate "racial incitement" on the internet. in a similar incident which took place last month, a man was arrested after he posted facebook comments in support of anders breivik s attacks in norway last year, saying i take my hat off to you sir . a local bnp leader was also found guilty recently of racially aggravated harassment relating to articles he posted online. the role of the internet in the process of radicalisation featured heavily in the select committee report on the roots of violent radicalisation, which was published last year. these cases are just a few of a number which illustrate the racist and islamophobic activity taking place on the internet, and the need to be wary of the opportunities that those who support racist, far right views are taking to spread bigotry.
__label__non_math	1.0000	landscapes vary greatly across the us, but there are a few things that you can be sure will stay consistent: the beckoning call for adventure and remarkable wilderness backdrop. view photos sail through the skies from up to feet in the air on the zipline at big sky resort. this two-hour tour takes you on three ziplines over trees to see all top things to do in big sky, montana giant mountains and massive trees, desert landscape peppered with joshua trees and snow-scaped ridges make up the national parks of america s west. america s first national park spans ,468 square miles in wyoming, montana and idaho with some of the most stunning geysers and hot springs in the the towering mountains of the colorado rockies and the amazing rock formations throughout utah make up the national parks of these two states. proud partners with: - adventure travel with iexplore
__label__non_math	1.0000	davos hotel waldhuus , davos this comfortable chalet-style hotel has been renovated in recent years to offer elegant surroundings and excellent facilities, including indoor pool. features - davos hotel waldhuus , davos - the hotel enjoys a peaceful location - approx. minutes' walk from davos centre - the hotel offers a free shuttle bus to from the lifts runs to timetable , for jakobshorn and parsenn ski areas - pool, sauna, steambath, fitness room and experience showers free , massage and solarium pay locally - appealing swiss-style restaurant - kids' menu and playroom - non-ski kindergarten for -yearrs free , approx. tuesday-saturday, - - ski storage with boot heating - public pc with internet access free - wi-fi free in lobby - member of sheraton hotel group accommodation - davos hotel waldhuus, davos bedrooms: twins and singles have bath, radio, satellite tv, telephone, minibar, hairdryer, safe, tea coffee-making facilities and balcony or terrace. superior and executive rooms are more spacious and in a separate wing to 'classic' rooms. a junior suite, suitable for up to adults and children. is also available on request. meals - davos hotel waldhuus, davos - excellent buffet breakfast - -course evening meal.
__label__non_math	1.0000	residence bernerhof, wengen situated either in the hotel residence bernerhof, sister hotel to the bernerhof, or in the nearby residence apartment building, these studios and apartments offer comfortable accommodation. features - residence bernerhof, wengen - residence bernerhof has a pizzeria restaurant and a lift. - guests have use of facilities at hotel bernerhof. these include; dining room; cosy rustic-style bar; and, la carte restaurant, popular with guests and locals alike. - linen, local taxes and end cleaning accommodation - residence bernerhof, wengen all have kitchenette with hotplates and fridge, table and chairs, cable tv and bathroom with bath or shower and wc a2 studio, sleeps -: living dining room with beds. -room apartment a4 -room apt, sleeps -: as studios, plus additional twin bedroom. some also have an oven. included: linen, local taxes and end cleaning are all included in our prices. local expenses: refundable deposit of sfr100 per unit payable on arrival. meals - residence bernerhof, wengen - self-catering. bed and breakfast or half-board arrangement possible in hotel bernerhof.
__label__non_math	1.0000	hotel holiday , zermatt the friendly hotel holiday enjoys a peaceful location just a short walk from the centre of zermatt. the hotel has a cosy lounge area with an open fire, a bar and a traditional, rustic restaurant serving delicious cuisine cooked by the hotel chef, a former student of paul bocuse a highly respected french chef . all the bedrooms are being completely renovated for this winter season, and south facing rooms offer spectacular views of the matterhorn. features - hotel holiday , zermatt - peaceful location minutes' walk to resort centre and sunnegga lift - minutes' walk to ski bus stop to klein matterhorn lift - lounge with open fire and bar - south facing rooms with view of matterhorn accommodation - hotel holiday , zermatt people on half board sharing a north facing room with private bath or shower and wc. south facing rooms with view of matterhorn are available at supplement. all bedrooms have hairdryer, safe, minibar and balcony. meals - hotel holiday , zermatt - buffet breakfast - -course evening meals set menu - weekly fondue
__label__non_math	0.9982	street fighter collection capcom delivers a solid glimpse at fighting's past capcom has tugged on the udder of the street fighter franchise cash cow for long enough. with street fighter finally going polygonal, who needs the old street fighters? oh, i can't hide it any longer... i do. no matter how old street fighter gets, i'll still waste a quarter on that stupid game. it's like the pacman of fighters -- it started it all and you never get sick of it. street fighter collection comes with three games: super street fighter , super street fighter turbo, and street fighter alpha gold. and for those who aren't familiar with the all the street fighters, super street fighter is the sf sequel that introduced new characters like fei long, tee hawk, dee-jay, and akuma. street fighter alpha gold stars cammy and evil ryu, and is pretty much alpha with a few tweaks. capcom has adjusted some of the timing with the characters in this game to make them more balanced. honestly, though, it's still alpha . the games look and move identically to their arcade counterparts. however, the one and only complaint i have is the load time. i hate to refer to a saturn game, but if you've played any of the street fighters on the saturn, you probably noticed that the nasty load time doesn't exist. it's ok for rpgs to have it, maybe a little in racing games, but in fighting games? no. what's really cool about this collection is that it includes the best of the street fighter games. it has your traditional, almost archaic, street fighter gameplay that basically consisted of two fighters throwing projectiles at each other. but it also includes the alpha game that adds a lot more to the mere jumping over projectiles and tap-tap throws by adding new elements such as alpha counters, which can counter an opponent's offensive attack more easier. if you're a long-time street fighter lover, or you're just yearning for some classic 2d fighting action, i suggest picking up street fighter collection. it's three arcade classics in one.
__label__non_math	0.9997	batman: the brave and the bold: "long arm of the law batman, plastic man and woozy winks take on kite-man. if any character was meant to enjoy the batman: the brave and the bold treatment that is, to appear in the sort of tale that revels in its own silliness it's plastic man. the character's powers always lead to great physical comedy and visual gags, and his personality is similarly suited for goofy fun. and while the character has appeared on this series to great comedic effect in the past, it's been mostly in a supporting capacity. "long arm of the law" finally gives him the starring treatment he deserves. the episode begins with an opening segment that reminded me of the great shorts that often appeared and still do, in the case of pixar before disney animated movies. it has a beginning, middle and end, a rich comedic set-up and a humorous pay-off. a gang of shaggy men have kidnapped a troupe of boy scouts, and it's up to batman and plastic man to free the children while the beasts nap. this means that plastic man, who's definitely not known for his self control, must keep quiet during the entire operation, which is where the comedy comes in. as it turns out, plastic man's lack of self control also plays heavily into the episode's main story. as a way to better himself and perhaps appease his nagging wife, plastic man has taken to emulating batman as much as possible, even swearing in his own sidekick, woozy winks, in a scene that mirrors robin's famous candle-lit oath. plastic man even has his own plastic cave it's just his garage equipped with gizmos like his plastic-rangs they're literally just plastic toy boomerangs , plastic shield a garbage can lid and plastic wrap that one's even more self-explanatory than the rest . this sequence is a lot of fun, even if it's a little awkward to see woozy introduced formally after he debuted previously in "death race to oblivion." when plastic man's plans to spend the day fighting crime with woozy are interrupted by his wife's demand that he expose their baby to culture at the local museum, his roles as would-be-hero and father conveniently intertwine when the villainous rubber-neck attacks the museum. this leads to an amusing sequence in which plastic man tries to thwart the evil brute while woozy struggles to keep tabs on the baby and his pet dog, schnitzel. but this being a batman show first and foremost, it shouldn't be too surprising to see batman show up and immediately start stealing the spotlight with his normal brand of pun-tastic one-liners. when rubber-neck rolls plastic man into a basketball and bounces him out a window, batman is there to catch his friend and pronounce, "you double-dribbled, rubber-neck. that's a penalty what's more surprising about the episode is how completely kite-man steals the show the minute he shows up. determined to usurp benjamin franklin's throne as "the most famous kite-related person in history," kite-man steals a piece of plastic man and attempts to use the hero's powers for his own nefarious ends. for good measure, he also ties plas' wife and baby to a giant kite and unleashes them into a lightning storm. this plans mirrors the villain's own origins, which are detailed in a hilarious flashback in which we see kite-man as a brace-faced youngster attempting to recreate benjamin franklin's favorite experiment while standing in a bucket of water he admits to ignoring some safety precautions . or, as batman describes it in the episode's best line, "the resulting lightning strike caused a psychological trauma that forced him into a life of kite-centric crime "long arm of the law" is another great episode of this amusing show, and the best of this second season. it's almost enough to make you wish plastic man had a permanent spot on the series.
__label__non_math	0.9999	supernatural: "weekend at bobby's" review newsflash: dean and sam are not the center of the universe "weekend at bobby's" is a first for supernatural as series co-star jensen ackles directs an episode that focuses on the character of bobby, with the winchester brothers appearing only for a few minutes. ackles does a great job as director, letting the tale of bobby's quest to regain his soul from crowley unfold in supernatural's trademark sad, yet amusing, way. it is odd for an episode to have so little time with dean and sam, but since the show has recurring characters that are more than able to pick up any slack, it works. jim beaver and steven williams are fantastic as crotchety older hunters bobby and rufus, bringing a sense of history to their relationship that begs for a prequel or spinoff series of their own. adding mark sheppard into the mix, with his smarmy crowley just makes things that much better. i especially love crowley's shorthand version of how he thinks a conversation with bobby is going to go, including his impersonation of bobby with an "idjit" thrown in for good measure. the first half of the episode takes the time to show the audience how hard bobby works behind the scenes, and how annoying it is to be at everyone's beck and call. he juggles calls from dean, rufus showing up with a not-quite-dead body, and a half dozen phone lines set up to back up the alibis of various hunters posing as government agents. poor bobby doesn't even have time to enjoy the cobbler his flirty neighbor drops off. even sadder, when he saves the flirty neighbor from rufus's escaped monster, she is too disturbed at being splattered by the remains of the monster going through her wood chipper and all over herself , that she rescinds her offer to cook bobby dinner. now that is just rude, he saved her from the monster it is when bobby cracks from the pressure and gives dean and sam a deserved lecture about how much he does for everyone that the rest of the characters join us in focusing on bobby's situation. it is a relief to see rufus, the town sheriff, and dean and sam come through for bobby for a change, rather than him supporting them. one question i have about the storyline involves demons and their bones. if it is true that finding a demon's human remains is a way to kill them, why don't all demons secure their bones first thing? it seems like that would be the first job on the list once a demon makes it back to the world. crowley is smart; he is always two steps ahead of everyone else, so even if it was just a rumor that his bones could be used against him, he should have thought to remove the possibility. on the positive side, the mission to scotland gets the winchesters out of the united states for a change, as they trek across the atlantic to dig up crowley's human grave. usually the demons and monsters dean and sam face are courteous enough to travel to the us before starting their mayhem, so this is a noteworthy excursion. while dean and sam are not in the episode much, the scenes they do appear in are used well. dean's phone call to bobby expressing his worry over whether sam has been changed by his trip to hell keeps that storyline present in our minds. and the funniest part of the episode just might be seeing dean and sam crammed into a tiny european car, sam ducking so that his head doesn't go through the roof.
__label__non_math	0.9999	cars race-o-rama cheats codes check out our cheat for cars race-o-rama. cheatssubmit a cheat. enter the options menu, select cheats, and enter the following codes to unlock the indicated content. - slvrkey - all arcade mode events - gr8mods - all lightning mcqueen custom kit parts - evrybdy - all of lightning mcqueen's friends - carshow - all paint jobs for all non-lightning mcqueen characters - goldkey - all story mode events - sticker - three modified mcqueens you must be logged in to submit a cheat. games you may like - playstation long-awaited sequel with over 150 detailed cars, beginner, amateur and professional championship races, endurance races rally races. challenges gamers to immerse themselves in the tuner culture, exploring an expansive, free-roaming city divided into five distinct neighborhoods. go head-to-head with opponents while simultaneously trying to avoid police cars through a dynamically changing open-ended world. the mad kratos is guided by the gods to fight through hordes of enemies from greek mythology and overthrow the war god ares. a role-playing game like no other, this bizarre meeting of characters features disney favorites like goofy and donald duck, as well as an brings the gta world to the early 90s in this huge california-based installment. deal with rival gangs and corrupt cops as you climb the crime ladder.
__label__non_math	1.0000	about this game - game editions published in the united states by imagine media, the official sega dreamcast magazine was a semi-monthly magazine covering the platform's games as well as offering this demo disc for play on the dreamcast console. official sega dreamcast magazine: demo disc 8publisher: future imagine media help us solve the toughest or most puzzling game puzzles and challenges. our attempt to answer issues which most commonly occur on ign's wikis.
__label__non_math	0.9990	the marich confectionary company, based in hollister, california, has been making chocolate candies in the dutch tradition for the past -plus years. the company's founder, marinus van dam, was a dutch immigrant who was dedicated to discovering and perfecting every aspect of the candy making craft. now in its fourth generation, marich produces a broad line of the world's finest chocolate candies. their chocolate covered coffee beans are whole, fresh italian roasted coffee beans drenched in robust, premium dark chocolate. certified kof-k dairy kosher
__label__non_math	1.0000	from tuscany to sicily, italy has a food-oriented culture. from its al dente pastas, to its extra virgin olive oils, to its fine gourmet cheeses, italy can't be beat for its culinary diversity and excellence. our italian gift basket brings home a sampling of this great nation's most exquisite foods. items included are: please note that any item temporarily out of stock will be substituted with a similar item of equal value. - provolone piccante: sharp - mountain gorgonzola: the authentic gorgonzola, imported from the lombardy region. delicious served the italian way drizzled with honey , it is a real treat for connoisseurs. oz - pecorino toscano: a truly wonderful sheeps' milk cheese from tuscany. oz - balsamic vinegar of modena: any honest-to-goodness italian gift basket must contain a bottle of italy's famous vinegar. included here you will find one of our favorites. .fl. oz - black truffle grissini: ideal served with all kinds of italian cheeses, salamis and hams, grissini are traditionally served before the meal with the antipasto. oz - dolcetti by corsini: a typically tuscan pastry not commonly available outside of italy, these cookies are delicate, dainty, and light. .oz - prosciutto by principe: this is our favorite brand of san daniele prosciutto, imported directly from italy. a must have for any traditional antipasto or charcuterie course. oz - olive tapenades by conserve della nonna: olives are crushed and pur ed until smooth, leaving it with a clean, pure, fruity flavor. ideal as a spread on gourmet bread, with vegetables, fish and meat or used as an ingredient in pasta sauce and salad dressings. .oz - cantuccini biscotti: the classic after-dinner biscotti, these cantuccinis are best dipped in vin santo or other sweet dessert wines, and, of course, in coffee, cappuccino, or milk. .oz - gift presentation: hand assembled in an environmentally friendly oval basket made from renewable bamboo, finished with an elegant dark brown ribbon.
__label__non_math	0.9359	innovations with high-performance plastics igus plastic plain bearings constitute the step from a simple plastic bearing to the tested, predictable and available machine element. our research is based on specific bearing properties - especially life cycle - achieved by continuous advancements in materials. low weight and corrosion resistance, as well as freedom from maintenance and lubrication enable a solution for almost all applications. fit and forget
__label__non_math	1.0000	adjust variety from familiar to less familiar artists. features music from: add-ins are local updates that play every hour between songs in all of your custom stations. features music from: midnight sun international ve... eleanora fagan : to... love and peace reissue victim of love reissue this is new reissue in montreux reissue live at yoshi's reissue keeping tradition reissue live in paris reissue children go round demissenw ... dee dee bridgewater dee dee bridgewater - in montr... search for a live radio station by name or location. search for an artist or song. we'll present custom stations featuring that content and more like it.
__label__non_math	1.0000	text 410-or call -800-585- to request "ikay - stormy weather" on power 105 fm ny text 757-or call -800-223- to request "ikay - stormy weather" on hot fm ny for any serious inquiry about ikay please contact: influenced by veteran rapper nas and his revolutionary lyrics and also by his eloquence use of language, it was mandatory for ikay to aspire to also become a great lyricist so he started studying the dictionary and reading a lot of theoretical books in order to establish a high standard of vocabulary content. growing up in a very socially and political failing society in which was plagued by poverty and violence, it was the norm for most adolescence to drop out of school at a early age and indulge in drug related activities but ikay managed to complete high school and got all the qualifications to enroll in a college. in high school when he had no classes he skipped school to go hang out at the outta town music studio which was owned and operated by dudley eulitt also known as bassie who eventually saw the potential in the young lyricist to become a record producer and then took him under his wings and taught him how to compose beats, engineer songs and he even taught ikay the business aspects of the music industry. in the summer of ikay migrated to the united states where he then resided in queens, new york and continued on his musical journey. a year later in the summer of ikay then released his first mixtape titled this is my life... vol. , this mixtape was hosted by nu jerzey devil and consists of twenty two street prophetic tracks. due to the success of that project ikay gained a large fan base in the u.s and his tracks were now being played on various radio stations. ikay is currently working on his debut album titled family ties which he plans to release independently, ikay is very ecstatic about this upcoming project as he strongly feels that this album is destined to take his career to the next level and solidify his name as one of the most prophetic lyricist in hip hop.
__label__non_math	0.9995	concessions erhs winter concessions sign up october , 2012by gary maki of east ridge pso hello coaches and booster club presidents, the purpose of this letter is to present an opportunity for your team club organization to host the concession stand during the upcoming winter athletic season at east ridge high school. there will be a variety of opportunities to host the concession stands ranging from basketball games, wrestling matches and gymnastics meets. please see winter forms under the "concessions erhs" tab to the left of this page. due to the limited number of events and a high level of interest, we will conduct a lottery drawing on november 1st to award groups events. all groups hosting the stand for any given event will earn a pre-set amount of money for their group. those monetary amounts will be distributed as evenly as possible. the purpose of the pre-set amount is to ensure that all participating groups receive a profitable fundraising opportunity for their organization, regardless of crowd sales turnout at the end of the event. after reviewing this letter, please take a moment to complete the request form and return it to myself via email if your group is willing and able to host the stand during the season. this form can be found in the link for form under concessions on the left of this page, and also in the documents section of the main page. please note; we will do our best to accommodate requests for specific events, but we cannot guarantee these requests can be met. all interested groups should have their completed interest form submitted to me no later than tuesday, october 30th. on that date, jon hinzman east ridge activities director and i will pull groups out of a hat at random and assign them specific dates. those groups who are drawn in the lottery process to host the stand will be notified by email on thursday, november 1st. if your team club organization is selected to host the stand, you are responsible for fulfilling your assigned shift. should circumstances arise which prevents your group from working your shift, it is the responsibility of the contact people in the group to find a replacement team club organization, as well as notify myself of the change in a timely manner, if you have any questions or concerns with this process, please feel free to contact me at any time. on behalf of east ridge high school s sports and activities organizations, i thank you for your continued support.
__label__math	0.9664	monday, at i think a lot of these joe budden vlogs are pretty lame, but i thought this one was funny. joell ortiz is completely on point. sometimes you need a sex mulligan. especially if you drink heavy. that whiskey shit can fuck with your sex life. how many shots does a guy deserve? slaughterhouse in stores now.
__label__non_math	1.0000	starting a business, maintaining it and bringing it to great heights require lots of efforts. it is not simple as each and every stage should be evaluated with great care before moving on to next. most of you know that online deals are getting more demand these days. people don t have much time to waste by going out for shopping and hence look for the online deals to get most of their things done. the influence of internet and its dependency is what you have to make the best use of to make profit. a powerful website with useful content and application will always attract traffic. hence your presence in the web world is something very crucial to bring your venture to great heights and reaching your services as well as products to millions of potential customers all over the world. well, there is a website that provides you with all necessity information regarding the joomla hosting services and other related services. when you are planning to start a business, you have to pull your thoughts on how to find an efficient hosting service rather than focusing alone the services and products you offer. content of your website also matters a lot. joomla is a leading content management system that enables you to design and manage your websites with several applications. it is an open source system that publishes appropriate and efficient content on world wide web, intranets, and a web application framework known as model-view-controller which could be used independently. why choose joomla? joomla offers all freedom and more importantly it provides you with all useful modules that are easy to use and install. well, it could be considered as a perfect platform that provides you with all services for designing a website of your choice without any hassle. in addition to framework that helps in content hosting, it also offers you with a separate in-built module that could be controlled by you. the language used is php and utilizes software design patterns and object oriented programming. the database used for storing useful data is ms sql or mysql. other features include: - page caching - new flashes - supports language internationalization - pages in printable versions - polls and much more since it is an open system, anyone wishing to design and maintain a site can freely use it. easy to use as well as extensibility is what makes it popular among the business all over the world. whether it is an ecommerce website, online magazine, corporate website, publications, personal home pages or anything, joomla seems to be a perfect choice. like any other applications, it also runs on lamp stock. more importantly, majority of the hosts supports control panels that enable joomla to be installed automatically without any hassle. even most of the sites provide information regarding installation and maintenance of joomla. well, it also gets strong support from those hosts which specializes in its service and installations.
__label__non_math	1.0000	administrative delegation pursuant to the authorities delegated to the director, indian health service ihs , by the assistant secretary for health on , and as specified in the reorganization order of , federal register , which elevated the ihs to a public health service agency, i hereby delegate to the officials listed below, for application throughout the ihs, the authority to approve title v construction project agreements and or modifications to those agreements under the indian self-determination and education assistance act isdeaa , public law -638, as amended. deputy director for management operations authority to redelegate these authorities may not be redelegated. restrictions and limitations the ihs director retains the authority to approve all initial compacts and initial financial agreements awarded under title v of the isdeaa, as amended. this doa is effective on date of signature. yvette roubideaux, m.d., m.p.h. back to top
__label__non_math	0.9999	ingolstadt it was the unsung heroes that stood up when germany needed a boost to make it to the gold medal game of the iihf inline hockey world championship. goalkeeper jochen vollmer was one of them. he saved out of shots in his best game of the tournament. felix sch tz was another. his name derives from the german word sch tze according to popular belief. it usually means shooter in general, or sagittarius for those who are into astrology. in sports it can also mean goal scorer. and that s exactly what sch tz did the day before the gold medal game score goals. originally in the third line, he was promoted to play more shifts in the last period and perfectly gelled with second-line forward patrick buzas, who fed him with two nice passes as sch tz scored both the game-tying and game-winning goal in the -semi-final victory over finland. i ve known him for many years. we ve played together ice hockey in ingolstadt. he made two nice assists that made it easy for me to score, sch tz said. i heard we had never made it to the final before. it s great. we gel well together, we have fun and now we want to win again, he added. it s a perfect tournament for the -year-old, who represented his country in four iihf ice hockey world championships, most recently last month in stockholm. in , when germany sensationally reached fourth place on home ice, he was selected as one of the best three players of the team by head coach uwe krupp. until this year, he hadn t played inline hockey at the international stage before. sch tz was born not far away from ingolstadt in erding and developed in several german clubs before trying his skills in north america, where he played two years in the qmjhl saint john, val-d or before signing with the buffalo sabres. in the sabres organization he played two years for the ahl s portland pirates before going back to europe. he returned to germany where he played for ingolstadt before transferring to cologne in october. in his native region of bavaria not only ice hockey is popular, but many players also enjoy switching skates for rollerblades in the summer months. inline hockey is fun and i also play in the league. we founded a team in erding where i come from and i ve been playing there for two years, sch tz said. it s fun, it s similar to ice hockey and we have a great atmosphere in our team. i m living not far away from ingolstadt and was asked if i wanted to join, sch tz said. and he immediately accepted the invitation. today at at the saturn arena, which is expected to be sold out, the germans will face canada in their first-ever gold medal game. this game as well as three others today will be streamed live and for free on iihf.com. they re big. you can t play too much of a body-contact game compared to the ice hockey rules, but they play hard. they re not in the final for nothing. we have to be ready, sch tz said. in the preliminary round canada won the clash between the two teams thanks to dave hammond s game-winning goal seconds before the end of regulation time. in the final it will be a totally different game that can t be compared to the preliminary round, sch tz said. everybody will be at a maximum emotional level and then it will be small details that can decide. hopefully luck will be on our side.
__label__non_math	1.0000	ufa the russian u20 national team s coaching staff owns the most titles at the world juniors in ufa. mikhail varnakov and vladimir myshkin can boast a combined titles at various levels. in june last year, the -year-old varnakov was appointed as head coach of the russian u20 national team. he replaced successful coach valeri bragin, who won world junior gold in and silver in . bragin left the team to lead cska moscow. it was zinetula bilyaletdinov, the head coach of the men s national team, who recommended hiring varnakov. from to they played for the soviet national team and for dynamo moscow during the north american tour in the season. after this they worked together as coaches at dynamo moscow , and ak bars kazan . bill, as bilyaletdinov is nicknamed, thought that varnakov would use a style of play and ideas similar to his on the junior team. at the same time as varnakov came on board, vladimir myshkin became the goaltending coach for all russian national teams. varnakov and myshkin got to know each other with the club krylya sovietov moscow when it was on tour against nhl teams at the end of . the line of alexander skvortsov vladimir kovin mikhail varnakov from torpedo gorky now nizhny novgorod was invited by the moscow team. it became the best line and scored more goals than any other. that was the way how varnakov piqued the interest of soviet national team coach viktor tikhonov, despite turning down the chance to play for tikhonov s club team, cska moscow. tikhonov took varnakov and myshkin to the challenge cup, a series of three games between the ussr national team and an nhl all-star team in new york. in the crucial third game, the red machine won -, and goalie myshkin became famous, as he played in place of starter vladislav tretiak. varnakov also did his part. in the second game, which the guests won -, he scored the second goal to reduce the deficit to -. however, varnakov was not invited to play at the iihf world championship or the olympics. he waited for six long years to debut at the world championship, but during this period he did participate in transatlantic series against nhl clubs and at the canada cup. varnakov loved to play against canada although in that country he is best known for being on a -on-with kovin during the semi-final of the canada cup, which paul coffey broke up just before the overtime winner was scored by mike bossy. he also played against team usa s phil housley, now head coach of the u.s. u20 national team, for the first time one year later in a -win of dynamo moscow against the buffalo sabres. varnakov scored a lot, but for the olympic games in sarajevo, tikhonov invited only skvortsov and kovin while their usual linemate was left off the national team. the coach was not pleased with varnakov s decision not to play for cska. after the success in the challenge cup, myshkin's career thrived. at the olympics in lake placid he replaced vladislav tretiak in the famous miracle on ice loss to the united states. varnakov made his debut in an official iihf tournament only in . it was the world championship in prague, where the soviet national team won bronze. but varnakov was in good standing, and a year later he participated in moscow and won his first world championship gold medal. in the next world championship in vienna his history with the national team came to an end as did bilyaletdinov s. myshkin wasn't called to play on home ice in . on his place -year-old prospect belosheikin got the call. myshkin s national team career was interrupted for three years. tikhonov didn't forget a curious mistake of his goalie in a -defeat against czechoslovakia when vladimir ruzicka opened the score. fortunately, myshkin was invited to play in the and world championships, albeit as a backup. varnakov s coaching career is not as rich in titles. he was coaching his hometown club torpedo nizhny novgorod and amur khabarovsk. prior to his appointment with the u20 national team he worked for a small team, sarov, in the second-tier league vhl. but as bilyaletdinov s assistant coach, he won two championships in with dynamo moscow and in with ak bars kazan. he hit rock bottom when salavat yulayev ufa ousted ak bars in the play offs. he was blamed for everything. some players said they disliked working with him and alleged that he was checking the car s temperature to find out whether they were having a party. but bilyaletdinov didn t drop a friend who was in trouble. now they are back together. of course, varnakov is doomed to be compared with the previous u20 coach bragin in light of russia s u20 success over the last two years, even though the squad is not stronger than it was previously. to play on home ice with huge expectations certainly doesn t reduce the pressure. varnakov's debut with the team was difficult. in the summer series against canada, dedicated to the 40th anniversary of the epochal super series, the russian team won twice, and lost once in regulation and once in overtime. during the november tour in canada varnakov's team won half of the six games against the all-star teams of the ohl, qmjhl and whl. we know how to play against canadians, the head coach said. it is unlikely that they would surprise us. after losing the last preliminary round game against the team with the red maple leaf, varnakov didn t hide his thoughts. we lost because of a stupid penalty, he said. the canadians shouldn t be given such an opportunity. some of our forwards didn t do a good job. myshkin, on the other hand, is very diplomatic. he doesn t speak a lot to journalists. he adopted this habit after five years on the coaching staff of swiss club hc davos.
__label__non_math	0.9999	turku, finland erkka westerlund is back. the former finnish national coach is also the future finnish national coach, the finnish ice hockey association announced today. westerlund signed a one-year deal that will see him take over from jukka jalonen after the iihf ice hockey world championship in stockholm and helsinki and coach the national team in the olympics in sochi and the world championship in minsk later the same year. it was a fantastic offer, i didn t hesitate a moment. i ve been a coach for years, and when you get offered an opportunity like this, you can t say no, said westerlund. it s going to be a tough season, with both the olympics and the world championship, plus all the euro hockey tour tournaments, so we ll be busy from august all the way through may, he told in an mtv3 interview. westerlund was the head coach between and , and coached finland to an olympic final in and a world championship final in , and to bronze medals in the world championship in riga. our plan was to put everything together by christmas, but with all the public speculation, we decided to speed up the process, said kalervo kummola, the chairman of the finnish association and iihf vice president. we returned to our first choice, he added. westerlund s assistants will be lauri marjam ki, former head coach of the u20 national team, and currently with espoo blues, and hannu virta, former national team player and westerlund s assistant both at jokerit helsinki in and with the national team during westerlund s first tenure. we re very pleased with the choice, and the assistants that erkka chose, said kummola. this is a team, it s an entity and i think we have a great coaching staff here, we all can focus on the things we're best at. this is not a one-man show, said westerlund. when westerlund stepped down in , he called the media circus around the national team a muppet show , a quote that the reporters remembered well. he was asked about his motivation to return to the centre stage. i was about to begin this press conference by asking if all the muppets were here, but i didn t have the guts, said westerlund, laughing. let s start a new show, he added.
__label__non_math	1.0000	we are looking for an assistant manager manager- quality, for a telecom operator client of an mnc bpo. please find the details of the requirement below. position - assistant manager manager- quality client - a reputed mnc bpo with a headcount of more than employees location - mumbai experience - -years in music company with a content provider telecom bpo qualification - preferably full time mba from a reputed institute. salary - best in the industry - responsible for testing menus, voice recordings, song quality and overall quality of service for the value added services - manage the team and allocate responsibilities - conduct regular audits and checks on the team and quality assurance - be a single point of contact for the client - maintain schedule of the daily routine, prepare mis and other reports - create product calendar and brief relevant teams on new products and services - identifying process gaps - monitor performance of platforms, products and services - responsible for customer invoicing and collections - coordinating with vendors and closing open issues if you are interested, please send your updated resume with salary details to firstname.lastname
__label__non_math	0.9998	more xbox 720 specs have leaked, include a blu-ray player, second-gen kinect with any piece of technology that s as highly anticipated as the next-gen xbox is, there s bound to be no shortage of rumors and hearsay about its specs, well in advance of its actual announcement. so far, the so-called xbox 720, hasn t disappointed, and a slew of new rumors came to light over the weekend. the uk print magazine xbox world released a big feature about the next-gen gaming console, with some specs that they claim are from a solid source. among the given details are a couple surprises, like a blu-ray player, and some sort of built-in dvr. they ve also said a second-gen kinect is coming with the xbox 720, and that s something we ve been expecting for awhile now. the strange xbox 720 rumors don t stop there, either. xbox world also says that the new console will come with an innovative controller that will have an hd touchscreen embedded in it. more proof that the dreamcast was ahead of its time. as far as raw horsepower, it will apparently have four hardware cores, each divided into four logical cores, as well as 8gb of ram. we have no real reason to doubt that these specs are somewhat accurate, since we know the durango developer kits are already out in the wild. dan dawkins, the editor of xbox world, told cvg: xbox world has been at the cutting edge of durango coverage for over months. unless something really dramatic changes, everything will be revealed long before e3 in june.
__label__non_math	0.5859	marris road, aligarh, india lucknow compound, marris road, aligarh , up krishna g. contracted sockets-ii. indian j ophthalmol ;- the inferior fornix of the socket is of greater importance than superior for the satisfactory fitting of a prosthesis. the upper fornix needs only be of sufficient depth to prevent the artificial eye from slipping out from the upper lid. the lower fornix does most of the weight bearing and must be deep enough to give firm anchorage for the prostheses to be held in upright position. in order to reconstruct the fornices in the contracted sockets various procedures such as mechanical enlargement of the socket by conformers, mattres sutures in the fornices, skin or mucous grafts,,,,, skin flaps different types of modification in the artificial eye, were used. the present study was planned to know the results, after various procedures for contracted sockets of various grades. the various methods adopted were: a mechanical enlargement of the socket: increasing sizes of acrylic conformers will enlarge grade i of contracted sockets in which the conjunctiva is healthy and some remnants of the fornix are present. b surgical repair :- method i without graft i the lid margins were retracted by three traction sutures in each lid margins. the conjunctival base of the socket was incised horizontally from the lateral to the medial canthus and undermined up to the upper and lower lids with the help of scissors. the inferior fornix wax reconstructed by the brunt dissection close to the lid and carried down to the periosteum below the inferrior orbital rim. the prolapsed orbital fat was resected by the blunt dissection throughout the length of the lower fornix. ii the conjunctival incision was closed by interrupted .silk sutures. the three double armed sutures, were passed equidistance through conjunctiva of the newly formed fornix below the tarsus, through the periosteum of the inferior orbital margin and skin and tied over glass beads on the surface of the skin figure - . after placing the conformer of the suitable size in the socket, the cutaneous tarsal blepharorrhaphy was done figure - and after a moderate pressure dressing was applied for days. b. method with graft . step i was the same as in previous method. . mucous membrane of the lower lip or epidermal graft from the arm was taken. after checking the bleeding, graft was applied and sewed into the position with the interrupted .silk sutures to cover the raw surface of the socket figure - . rest were the same as in the previous method. c. method iii with graft and lateral canthotomy -a wide lateral canthotomy was done to facilitate the exposure and mobility of the lid. dissection begins near the lid margin with thining of the tarsus to prevent undue thickness after the grafting. the dissection continue towards the orbital rim, below, lateral, medial and upwards. the dissection proceeds towards the superior orbital margin except in the central third, where the main portion of the levator tendon passes into the upper lid structure. all the cicatricial tissues and scarred conjunctiva were removed figure - . an epidermal graft wrapped around the conformer with raw surface outwards and placed in the socket figure - and the lid stiches were tied and a firm pressure dressing was applied. after days the lid stiches were cut and conformer was removed. toileting of the socket was done with antibiotic solution and epithelial debris were removed and then conformer was reinserted. the toileting of the socket was done regularly biweekly for three months after which the final prosthesis was given. table shows the treatment given to the cases of contracted sockets. following complications were encountered during the postoperative period : unequal pressure over the socket by the pressure bandage caused the coloboma of the upper lid due to the slipping of the upper part of the conformer, in one case. in cases, delayed loss of the fornices occured, usually after to weeks of operation, in these cases inverted scleral contact lens were inserted and pressure bandage was applied for about weeks, and the condition was brought under control. in cases over sized conformers in post operative period caused the lower lid sagging. this was corrected by lateral tarsorraphy. in cases incomplete closure of the upper lid occured due to the adhesion of the graft to the levator palpebrae superioris. this remains uncorrected, but some improvement was obtained in one case by modifying the artificial eye. post operative shrinkage of the graft took place in cases after to weeks of operation. this was controlled by the dumble shaped pressure conformers in cases but in cases after months of socket repair, grade iv contraction occured due to the excessive fibrosis. in one case after total lining of the socket with epidermal graft, socket was restored, but still in one case after repeated attempt to reconstruct the socket failed and in this case spectacle prosthesis was given. cases of the epidermal grafted socket complained either dryness of the socket and loss of the shining of the artificial eye or foul discharge from the socket, in first case the condition was relived by artificial tears while in later case silver nitrate paintaing of the socket relieved the symptoms. in grade-i contracted socket, no lining of the socket was required because none had been lost. grade ii contracted socket, required dissection and removal of all the fibrous bands and scarred conjunctiva and replacement by the mucosa or epidermal graft. grade iii and iv contracted socket required extensive dissection and removal of fibrous tissues and scarred conjunctiva and replacement of the tissue loss by large epidermal graft. in grade v socket, spectacle was the treatment of the first choice. epidermal grafting in the socket was mainly indicated in cases where normal conjunctiva was scanty and large amount of fibrosis was present. but in few cases of epidermal grafted socket some problems were encountered in the form of offensive smell from the socket causing lusterless look of the artificial eye, adhering of the cilia to the prosthesis and some time even rejection of the graft. mucous membrane grafting was usually indicated in cases where the sufficient amount of the normal conjunctiva with minimum amount of fibrosis is present and this grafting was more physiological and there was no foul discharge from the socket. this graft nearly always remains viable and has the short postoperative period in comparison to epidermal graft. as the amount of the post operative contraction is irregular, use of larger graft is advisible to counteract post operative shrinkage. proper handling of the conformer is important to counteract postoperative graft contraction and maintenance of the shape of the socket. thus we may conclude that: - construction of largest possible socket, so that if a secondary contraction occurs, there is no interference to the essential operative aim i.e. to give an artificial eye. - the absolute necessity for removing all the scar tissue and fibrous bands from the socket before applylng the graft. - the socket should not be left without any conformer or artificial eye even for short periods - reoperation of the socket should not be done early. in this study, cases of contracted socket cases were evaluated from point of relief obtained by the various surgical procedures in different grades of the sockets. figure - , figure - , figure - , figure - , figure -
__label__non_math	0.9999	many couples are very nervous about doing the wedding speech. write your speech in advance so you are prepared and have had a chance to rehearse. if you choose to memorize everything then have a few index cards with reminder tips that you can refer too. it s always great to start off your speech with a cute joke. it puts everyone in a great mood but most importantly will make you feel more relaxed. talk slowly and from your heart. everyone in that room is their for one reason and that reason is for the two of you . you want to enjoy the night with dancing and fun so try to keep your speeches to a minimum. i know many people would like to say a few words especially the bridesmaids, groomsmen, parents and of course the bride and groom in this order . you should assign a master of ceremonies for the night who welcomes your guests, gives out the so called house rules , and will introduce all the speakers. to help speed things along many couples are choosing to do speeches during each meal course. this is a great idea as the bridesmaids and ushers use this time to say a few words. keep in mind though that dinner service will continue so there may some noise. the parents can make their way to the podium once they have finished their main course. not both mom and dads have to speak but it is a nice touch to have both standing at the podium. the bride and groom speech is usually said following the parents at the end of the main course or just after dessert has been served. what do the bride groom say? well, this is the one speech that everyone really stays quiet for and listens too. remember to have a box of kleenex on hand just in case. start by thanking your venue and service i like that then thank all your guests for coming, especially the ones who traveled to be there. thank your priest or minister, head table and anyone who may of assisted you in the wedding planning stages. most importantly thank both your parents and family and then of course say something about each other and the excitement of your future together. speeches are a very important part of the reception but you do not want them to be more than -minutes. there has been some weddings where they went on for over an hour and guests were starting to lose interest. adding a little humour to any speech will always capture the audiences attention. always do your best to keep the content appropriate for all audiences. one cute thing i saw at one of my weddings ..at the end of the bride groom s speech, the mc usually tells everyone that the speeches have concluded and to enjoy the rest of the evening and have fun
__label__non_math	0.9982	large medium rugs a rug is about more than just looks and expression. it helps to control acoustics, adds comfort and softness to any room and can function as the occasional seat of choice when there isn't enough space for everyone. plus, a thick rug can make a chilly floor feel warmer, so you don t have to turn the heat up. large rugs: an attractive alternative to carpeting whether you ve got exposed wooden floorboards or a carpeted room, you can make your home feel more intimate and cosy by laying large rugs in your living room. our modern, colourful and durable rugs come in a range of designs, styles and shapes to add an individual spark into a room s d cor. use our stopp filt anti-slip underlay for added safety and comfort; it s suitable for all kind of flooring. some of our rugs are machine-washable but vacuuming is normally enough to keep them looking good. our wool rugs are naturally soil resistant, making them easy to clean; ideal for families with young children and pets. large rugs: low pile or high pile decisions, decisions our large rugs strike a fine balance between heat-retentive comfort, decoration and ease of cleaning. the skarum rug has polypropylene fibres that have been heat-treated to give the rug a firm, resilient pile, while its colourful pattern will brighten up any room. the dense, thick pile of the circular-patterned eivor cirkel provides warm and soft surface for your feet, and also dampens sound. our g ser high-pile rug is designed to make it easy to join two rugs together to make one larger one. you can keep them looking great by vacuuming and rotating them regularly.
__label__non_math	0.9999	monday, "i bought a nian can't find link on ikea website lighted shelving from ikea. hacked it up and made a light table out of it. first thing i did was insert some foil inside the shelving unit under the light source. it increased the ev of the light with dome from to .. the pedestal base's from an old halogen floor lamp. the pen holders are made from the remaining pipe from the halogen lamp, cut up with a pipe cutter. then attached with leftover holes from the wooden assembly, and taped up with foil tape. the tubes stay up with a strip of lexan bolted to the shelving brackets included with the shelf. i added some extra support for the pipe under the storage unit, and added the cd spindle case to cover the screws sticking up. it also doubles as a spacer for the storage compartment." click to view jason's lightbox photos on flickr. home photography backdrop
__label__non_math	0.9988	monday, , sanctioning for safety... not for profit more mis-management of fighters health amateur fighter gets ko'ed twice in week last week there were some e-mails going around about another so called kickboxing sanctioning body named the ikc based out of the south east, usa. behind the organization is a pro boxer in louisiana named james johnson right who "claims" to have won legit boxing titles ibf intercontinental welterweight title yet he is not in the top of the official ibf rankings the wbf america' s welterweight title - where he is not in the top in their rankings either. . johnson has never fought as a kickboxer, been a kickboxing official or even promoted "" kickboxing event before in his life. however, he claims to be more than qualified to run a kickboxing sanctioning body. several ikf officials shared in e-mail being past between the ikf here, johnson and the louisiana state boxing commission. why did we get involved? mainly because johnson was telling people we recommended he call them, as if we endorsed his organization and his event. we didn't and we don't johnson wanted to get immediate recognition for his new start-up ikc since he knew nothing of the kickboxing game. however, his choice of marketing backfired on him. in e-mails he wrote, and we quote, "this organization was started by daryl peoples with the ibf boxing organization and the louisiana state athletic commission." he also claimed that we here at the ikf referred several ikf ranked fighters to him as well, which we never did. it was obvious he was trying to claim endorsements from people who had nothing to do with him. johnson had booked amateur fighters to fight their first pro fight on his event. why was this a problem? because they were all booked for round pro world title bouts in ancona's e-mail, he reports that a fighter we've known here with the ikf named omar ballard from columbus, mississippi, usa fought on his february 15th event, "battle of new orleans". some of you may know ancona as well. he's the new orleans louisiana, usa promoter who sent out mass e-mails claiming that the ikf and the iscf were sanctioning his events. well, we never sanctioned any according to ancona, ballard fought a fighter named calvin hotard from laplace, louisiana, usa. from ancona's report, hotard defeated ballard by ko we often wonder why some promoters choose to start their own sanctioning body. here we see that johnson did so just so he could promote his first kickboxing event what the fans thought were "two" pro kickboxing world title bouts "if that is how you feel then so be it. i startted a legitimate organization. i have covered all of my actions. i am a licensed promoter and profiessional fighter with several state athletic commissions. i have also registered the ikc with the louisiana secretary of state. as for your amateur rankings. that is your organization and you should see to it-not mine. i can and will grow the ikc. i am a legitimate champion. i have payed my dues so as far as i am concerned-i am qualified match in which i performed and was victorious. you say that our ref counted as a fighter was down. i was sitting ringside with the la athletic commissioner and we both saw ballard hit several times on his way down, but not once was he hit down as he was then counted out. our ref has refereed about a dozen pka fights so his qualifications have been met as far as we are concerned. as for using your organization name-that in fact was never brought up. if for some reason you have taken any of this reply the wrong way-i do apoligize. you must remember that i am a fighter-not a runner. if i am going to be accused of anything that i have done or not done-you can bank on me dealing with it.... "gentleman" james johnson again-my ikc is and will continue to be the kickboxing organization of the south." from his response, we thought, since he's "a fighter-not a runner" we decided to investigate some of his claims. so we contacted several people and heard quite a bit about this guy. we started with mr. fielder lewis, 337 828- chairman of the louisiana state boxing commission who said they had nothing to do with his ikc organization. he told us he had told johnson he needed to work with a certified sanctioning body for kickboxing to oversee his events if he wanted to promote kickboxing in louisiana. well heck, all johnson did after this was put some letters together... ikc... lewis referred us to mr. buddy embanato, 318 801- the louisiana boxing event coordinator. we also contacted mr. alvin topham, 337 304- the state commissioner that was at johnson's february 21st fight. in this bout, witnesses informed us that ballard was dropped to the ring floor from a low kick to the groin. while down, he was hit again and dropped. from there, the referee who johnson informed us was well qualified since he had done "" pka fights years ago...wow... only fights...ya, well qualified we won't say who but we were told by one of the louisiana boxing commissioners that johnson never even promoted a boxing event and the guys he fought to win his ibf and wbf titles had a records of something like -. confirmed by fight fax, inc, 590 south lenola road, pmb 239 maple shade, nj , 856-638-, fax-856-231- we went a step farther and contacted mr. daryl peoples of the ibf 973 414- . he was clear that he didn't know johnson very well to work with him on anything and had nothing to do with his ikc organization. several of these guys went on to tell us how terrible a boxer johnson is. so ok, we proved the guy can't box, but our concern is the safety of the fighters here these fights were only week apart. it's clear johnson made a matchmakers error in putting a first time amateur into a round pro bout. not only did he jeopardize these fighters safety but he cheated true kickboxing fans. if any of you reading this were there, we suggest you go get your money back. you were robbed this is what happens in our sport. was johnson's senseless act an attempt to make pro kickboxers look like amateurs as compared to pro boxers? so when the fans think those kickboxers fighting for a pro kickboxing world title are not very good for qualified pros to fight for a world title, the first thing they say is "man, boxing has a lot better fighters fighting for world titles. they must just let anyone do it in kickboxing." it's clear to us in kickboxing that guys like johnson are hurting everyone in kickboxing by doing this in one of his next response e-mails johnson said: "this kickboxing thing has gotten all carried away and is not worth all of the hassle. i will continue to promote boxing until we feel kickboxing is more recognized." "more recognized?" well with quality promoters like johnson out there, we may have to wait for that. how many other promoters have their own sanctioning bodies? how many more don't even sanction at all? who is looking out for these fighters? who cares for their safety? it's clear ballard as well as his trainer o. miller didn't care as well. you would think after reading or hearing about past deaths in kickboxing although only , it's too many... his trainer would have never even booked his fights so close let alone let him fight his first pro fight, a round bout, week after being stopped on another show... consider this news a warning to any trainer out there such as ballards who could obviously care less for his fighters safety. having been stopped by tko ko only week before, it's clear that he kept this fight for the money so in the end, there is a need for sanctioning, as long as it is done by a credibly organization that is willing to step up and oversee fighters safety and assure that todays kickboxing fight fans get what they think or are told they are paying for. we make a lot of noise here at the ikf about the other things that make us stand above other organizations such as updated pro "and" amateur rankings, daily news, upcoming events list, past champions info and much more. but the foundation of any true sanctioning body as it is with the ikf and iscf is to assure the safety and regulate the rules of those who participate in our sport. next time you go to an event, don't be afraid to question who is sanctioning the event? as well as "who is the sanctioning organizations representative?" you will need to know who to go to if you have an issue about something. a sanctioning body is there to protect you as a fighter and to assure qualified officials are there to oversee and work your event and assure your safety and best interest. and finally... "sanctioning bodies do not promote it's a conflict of interest good luck in the fight game... and "who's there for you the ikc was defunct within a few months of this incident... there have been other kickboxing organizations and promotions with the initials ikc since johnson's organization failed. in , johnson was in the "odd" press again when he said he was going to box a woman... read it here... back to main opinion page, click here
__label__non_math	1.0000	luxury accommodation for groups near watchet, finished to the highest of standards, with facilities including an outdoor swimming pool. top quality kitchen. ref: if you're searching for luxury cottages on the somerset coast, look no further than the linhay. this accommodation represents the pinnacle of comfort and design, with beautiful decor and outstanding facilities, and sleeping up to nine people, this property is sure to result in a truly incredible self catering experience for families and groups. the accommodation has everything you might expect from a top quality holiday property, with leisure facilities including a games room and outdoor swimming pool. this accommodation is located just a couple of miles from the stunning somerset coastline, with its golden sandy beaches and plenty of quaint coastal villages to explore at your leisure. exmoor national park is also within easy reach. however, with the superb facilities at your disposal at the linhay, you might almost be forgiven for not leaving the site the linhay has sizeable bedrooms, kingsize double, double, twin and a family room, sleeping people in total. the interior is stylish and contemporary, with some character features retained in the stone walls and exposed beams, also offering excellence as standard in the furnishings and entertainment facilities. self catering facilities are exceptional, with a country-style kitchen and flagstone flooring. appliances include an electric range style oven. shared use of an outdoor swimming pool and games room is included with the linhay, giving you plenty to do even if you don't fancy getting in your car and exploring somerset's attractions. two well behaved dogs are welcome. to the rear of the accommodation there is a private patio and lawn garden, well furnished with a table, chairs and bbq. off road parking for three cars is available. this cottage has a changeover day for weekly bookings of friday. click on the link to our website for more details or call us on 372 . for up to date availability on this cottage, please click on the link to our website or call us on 372 . our reservations office is open from to , days a week. outside of these hours, your call will be taken by a uk based answering service.
__label__non_math	1.0000	accommodation with child in kidderminster. family weekend breaks hotels, b b pub accommodation and self catering holiday cottages in hartlebury. accommodation family room in hartlebury worcestershire uk. find accommodation family friendly in kinver. family friendly accommodation, family friendly accommodation and breaks for families in stourport-on-severn district. see a list of recommended places to stay with kids in stourport on severn.. find family accommodation in near kidderminster, hagley, hartlebury, kidderminster, bewdley.
__label__non_math	0.9996	al madina investment blom development bank - advisor to the board of blom development bank for islamic financial affairs since - islamic finance business developer and financial engineering structures advisor. - ex-advisor to the governor of the lebanese central bank for islamic financial affairs . member of the key islamic financial development committees at bdl, drafting the legislative framework for islamic banking, islamic funds and securitzation in lebanon. - member of the coordinating committee drafting the ifrm certificate islamic financial risk management, a collaboration between the central bank of lebanon and garp global association of risk professionals . - secretary of the corporate governance committee of blom development bank. - financial advisor to the sharia supervisory board of blom development bank lebanon. - member of the basel ii and iii accord implementation committee for islamic financial institutions at path-solutions lebanon. - advisor- associate, for islamic finance and projects, at clusterbridge geneva, a venture capital and business development buffet. - senior islamic financial analyst at orient consulting, london uk. - years of international experience in management and financial positions, in latin america, the far east ,europe and the middle east. dr. sami al-suwailem islamic development bank lo ai b. bataineh oman arab bank sheikh bilal is a key member of the global islamic finance practice at the magic circle law firm linklaters llp. he is currently co-authoring and editing two multi-volume legal treatises: legal practitioners' guide to sukuk and legal practitioners' guide to takaful and retakaful islamic insurance and reinsurance as well as regularly contributing in industry journals and magazines and being quoted in the electronic and press media. khalid alyahmadi is the chief investment officer of almadina investment, the pioneer investment house in oman. he joined almadina in and since then has been the architect of most of the investment structures launched by almadina including he setting up of the first real estate fund "tilal fund", providing investment solutions to clients in different fields such as logistics, real estate, takaful, as well as educations and health care. he has also being advising clients in funding- raising employing sharia compliant structures. khalid is a chartered islamic finance professional cifp . he holds a double master degree in accounting and finance from the university of illinois, usa. he is also a certified public accountant cpa from usa. sami al-suwailem, obtained his bachelor s degree in science from king saud university in riyadh, saudi arabia, in . he obtained his master s degree from southern illinois university in carbondale, usa, in , and in obtained his ph.d. from washington university in st. louis, missouri, both in economics. he joined al rajhi bank in as a chief consultant, and in became manager of research development in the shari ah group at the bank. he joined islamic development bank group in december, as a senior economist. currently he is head of financial product development center at the idb group. he published several papers and books in islamic finance in arabic and english. mr. lo ai bataineh is dgm-investment and development, and heads the investment management group, oman arab bank. mr. bataineh has more than years of experience specializing in financial investments and fund management and is a member of several committees including oman arab bank like asset liabilities committee alco , investment, it steering, marketing and promotion committees. mr. bataineh holds a masters degree as well as b.sc honor degree in money banking.
__label__non_math	0.9999	illinois state cycling helps students at illinois state university learn about cycling, improve their fitness, and develop their skills. we re here to get you riding and keep you riding to tell you what you need , where to ride , and to ride along. if you also want to race, we can get you going what bikes do we ride? we ride mostly road bikes, with some off-road and cyclocross too. there's a variety of bike types of bikes out there. all of our rides do require a bike helmet. when do we ride? you can check our ride page, or join our google group where members send out emails telling you when and where we re riding. you can also follow us: you can check out some articles about our road riders, off-road riders, our very own veteran, and the club. if you have any questions, please ask us at email
__label__non_math	0.9991	artificial intelligence solutions ltd aisl is an innovative hi-tech company providing information, knowledge and decision support software systems, which are tailored and applied in a broad range of business applications. small gif animation for the splash page.
__label__non_math	0.9998	pontiac gto intercoolers i have the full h r set up on my car and i love the quality of the parts. i have sold my eibach springs to get the h r coilover and i know my decision is right this e36 headlights is truly amazing jon w. - centennial, co i have received my civic led headlights after days of purchase. ilovebodykits is doing a good job on getting my stuff quickly and i have already been ordering from them since . the headlight quality is good and easy to install. i am riding this spring with my stock shocks and it feels just right. the spring is not stiff like my previous spring set. thanks ilovebodykits reviews .out of stars want a cool off ? like us on facebook or google and get an instant coupon.
__label__non_math	0.9916	before framing your print, you can remove any unwanted material to include white borders. simply position your mouse anywhere inside the image and left and drag out. your selection will be displayed and the area to be cropped will be greyed out. you can move the selection anywhere you want, or you can click and redo your selection until you a canvas transfer starts as a print or poster image that is then transferred and fixed to a canvas surface. the result is a piece of printed art that has the appearance of an original canvas painting without the higher cost usually associated with original artwork. this detailed process also preserves and protects the image. in the final stages, the canvas is then stretched and fit onto a custom-cut wooden frame. here s how it works: first, the print is coated, via spray or brush with a special acrylic that seizes the ink. after drying the resulting ink film is embedded into a high quality artist s canvas. rigid standards and meticulous attention to detail maximize ink retention, paper removal, and bonding. then, the picture has an image true to the original painting with a lustrous oil sheen and rich canvas texture. this is known as a basic transfer. finally, artists can hand apply acrylic in the pattern of the original piece which create original brush stroke texture. this adds texture and realism to the canvas transfer, and is particularly effective for images of paintings in styles using heavy coats of paint, such as impressionism or many modern abstracts. the result is artwork that captures the very soul of the original painting. please note that brush stroke texture is available for a small extra charge by emailing us firstname.lastname your current image is too large to be stretched over bars. the gallery and museum wrap options are not available at this large size. the print can still be ordered but the canvas would be shipped rolled in a tube and not stretched over bars. we are unable to stretch a petite size canvas print with the gallery wrap option. please select museum wrap or no wrap, just a print. if you would like gallery wrap, please click the back button below and choose a larger size if avaiilable. the total size of this piece is too large to use glass. items that are too large could break glass during the shipping process. plexiglass is an excellent option consider your choices acrylic provides outstanding optical clarity and lightweight impact resistance. non-glare acrylic minimizes glare and reflection making your art visible in even the highest lit areas. uv protection acrylic uv protection acrylic provides additional protection to minimize fading by blocking harmful uv rays. we use high-quality framing gauge glass in all of our glass options. because glass is susceptible to breaking on larger items during shipping, this option is available only on items no larger than 20x24 inches. non-glare glass minimizes glare and reflection making your art visible in even the highest lit areas. because glass is susceptible to breaking on larger items during shipping, this option is available only on items no larger than 20x24 inches. conservation clear glass conservation clear glass provides additional protection to minimize fading by blocking harmful uv rays. because glass is susceptible to breaking on larger items during shipping, this option is available only on items no larger than 20x24 inches. get more information on glazing you can get more information about glazing options from our faq's.
__label__non_math	0.9998	about the artist hi my name is dean wittle and i am a photographer and artist living in south florida. my journey in photography began over years ago while living in west germany when i bought my first slr camera, a canon ftb which i used at the time mostly with b w film. as an artist i began even earlier, being trained in school. my photography and art are my passion and now with the internet i am ab... view artist gallery money back guarantee we are so sure you'll love your artwork that we offer a , no questions asked, money back guarantee. try it, risk free
__label__non_math	0.9996	about the artist i've been shooting for five years now. i live in toronto, on. canada. i am a member of the orangeville camera club. all of my images have been made using a nikon d80, d300, and an -200mm vr lens. through my photos, i would like to try to express a sense of drama and imagination. view artist gallery money back guarantee we are so sure you'll love your artwork that we offer a , no questions asked, money back guarantee. try it, risk free
__label__non_math	0.9970	about the artist my name is dragos, i m a photographer and an artist. i've started taking photos years ago and i was fascinated by this artistic hobby. since i m a big fan of colors and of all the natural beauty that surrounds us, i like to think that my creations relate to that and always give a positive and refreshing feeling to the people that see my images. everything about photography and post pro... view artist gallery money back guarantee we are so sure you'll love your artwork that we offer a , no questions asked, money back guarantee. try it, risk free
__label__non_math	0.9999	mr alan francis polaine great hall and subsidiary buildings including headmaster's house, the college ely, east cambridgeshire, cambridgeshire mr alan francis polaine date of last amendment: the images of england website consists of images of listed buildings based on the statutory list as it was in and does not incorporate subsequent amendments to the list. for the statutory list and information on the current listed status of individual buildings please go to the national heritage list for england. the great hall formerly listed as part of guest hall and subsidiary buildings including fleadmaster's the great hall bishop's residence , is part of a block of buildings including the queenls hall headmaster's house , which adjoins on the south west. qv . the great hall, or guest hall was built in the mid cl3 and was remodelled in the early c14. during the commonwealth it was subdivided into storeys. it is built above a fine vaulted undercroft with ribbed vaults rising from plain columns without capitals. the hall is of bays and was spanned by an open roof with arched principals and wind braces. some still remain . the fine stone corbels to the principals, carved in the shape of crouching figures, survive. it is built of carr stone rubble with barnack or similar, stone dressings and has a parapet and stringcourse and stopped end gables. the west gable has a sexfoil window, possibly of cl origin, reset. the massive central chimney stack of the hall projects on the north side, to the east of the chimney stack. on the east end the south wall of the monks kitchen has survived, with a tall semi-circular arch blocked and triple shafted piers with scolloped capitals. north of this stands the porch and staircase which led to the great hall. the interior, although altered, has c13 and c14 features. the great hall bishop's residence , the queen's hall headmaster's house , wall to the garden of the bishop's residence, guest quarters of the monastery, walls to the guest quarters of the monastery and ely porta, prior's house boarding house of the king's school prior crauden's chapel, walls to the garden of the prior's house, ely porta, barn and storehouse of the monastery and wall to the barn and storehouse form a group with bishop's palace, walls to the bishop's palace. and nos to consec and no stable to bishop's palace , the gallery. see also general group description under the catherdral of the holy trinity.
__label__math	0.8630	there are three of us interested in the china explored tour in may. and wanted some comments from previous travellers who have been on the tour or those who have been to china. the following is a list of questions that we had. . what is the weather like in may? . the tour costs ,049 cad, am i getting a good deal b c it seems excessive since most of the tour consists of public transport and pretty much no meals. . there appears to be a lot of free time available so i would like to know approx. how much additional costs for these days i should budget for i.e. for tranportation, entrance fees etc. . any suggestions on what to do with all the free time? . comments on your experience with the "hard sleeper trains". . overall general experience with the imaginative traveller. . other expenses you incurred that i should keep in mind. . what were the accomadations like and what should i expect not expect? . on a ranking scale of to , how would you rank the china explored tour. . any other comments? long list of questions but it is our first time to china and we want to make sure our experience is enjoyable and unforgettable. thank-you for your comments in advance. p.s. we are also travelling to vietnam and thailand before we head to china. anyone interested in meeting us please indicate in your response with e-mail address.
__label__non_math	0.9999	with ad spending drastically down in the current economy, you can help keep the reviews and test images coming. are these images helpful to you? won't you join the legions of loyal readers who have already donated, and help ir through this difficult time? click one of the paypal buttons above here at the imaging resource, we're all about digital cameras and digital camera reviews. we're currently adding to our long list of digital camera reviews at a rate of over 100 per year. our hallmark is detailed, accurate technical information, and standardized test subjects and procedures, so you can compare digital cameras image quality with our unique comparometer tm . here are some key links that will help you find what you're looking for: visit the comparometer tm to compare digital camera images from models you're considering. check out our specs database for digital camera features see dave's picks for lists of the best digital cameras, in a variety of categories
__label__non_math	0.9971	what's hot in the photo marketplace by diane berkenfeld a. apple has added two new powerbooks to its notebook line. the -inch model features a lightning fast 1ghz g4 processor, backlit keyboard, built-in airport extreme and bluetooth, and superdrive to burn and play cd dvds. the -inch powerbook g4 offers an 867mhz g4 processor, combo drive dvd-rom cd-rw , and built-in bluetooth in a small size. manufacturer: apple computer inc. canon expanded its line of portable lcd projectors with the new lv-. an svga projector that offers canon's high-quality optics, a .5x motorized zoom, multiple interfaces, and quiet operation. the projector features keystone correction, contrast and cinema modes, as well as a wireless remote control. manufacturer: canon u.s.a. inc. roland added the -inch hi-fi jet pro ii pigment-based printer to its line. the printer is also able to print with dye inks. the -inch hi-fi jet pro ii outputs up to 300 square feet per hour at 450 dpi and offers resolutions up to 1440x1440 dpi. manufacturer: roland dga corporation sony expanded its line of vaio notebook computers with two new models. the vaio pcg-v505 series features pentium processors, wireless capability, and an integrated dvd cd-rw drive. the vaio pcg-grv680 notebook offers a dual-format dvd recordable drive that works with the four most popular types of dvd media. manufacturer: sony corporation faces on time has added a sports model to its line of custom photo watches. the sports model is available in two sizes with different finishes, dials, and bands. faces on time uses an image suspension process to place the image of a pet's photo between the watch dial and crystal. the pet's name or other brief inscription may be added. the watches are made by endura, a member of the swatch group of switzerland. manufacturer: faces on time mitsubishi expanded its line of printers with the new cp-3020du digital color printer. the new printer uses dye-sub technology and produces prints up to 8x12-inches on both glossy and matte surface papers. the printer, which allows for multiple-size prints on a single sheet of a4 paper, can be used in-studio or on location for fast color printing. manufacturer: mitsubishi digital electronics epson introduced three new portable multimedia projectors. the powerlite 52c, powerlite 53c, and powerlite 73c feature sleek designs and each weighs only .pounds. designed for use on the go, the projectors use seiko epson's three-lcd projection system for a high level of image quality, true colors, and sharp text. manufacturer: epson america inc. delkin devices has announced that firmware for the efilm picturepad is now able to recognize raw files created by high-end digitalslr cameras. the efilm picturepad, a mobile storage device, features a built-in hard drive ranging from 20gb to 60gb for storing digital images and a color lcd screen for viewing. the firmware may be downloaded from the website. manufacturer: delkin devices nikon is developing a new wide-angle f-mount autofocus lens series exclusively dedicated to its line of digital slrs. the first lens will be a nikkor -24mm f 4g lens, incorporating nikon's silent wave motor technology, ed glass, and g-type design for compatibility with each camera model's built-in command dial aperture control. nikon will deliver the new af-s vr zoom-nikkor -200mm f .8g if-ed lens this april, incorporating silent wave motor technology, ed glass, and manual automatic focusing mode. manufacturer: nikon inc. minolta has added to its line of digital cameras with the introduction of the dimage f300, a -megapixel model. the f300 features a built-in 3x optical zoom minolta gt lens with additional 4x digital zoom capability. other features include exposure compensation, self-timer, noise reduction, movie and audio recording, and date imprinting. the f300 records jpeg and tiff files to securedigital and multimediacards. manufacturer: minolta corporation
__label__non_math	1.0000	an adventurous girl finds another world that is a strangely idealized version of her frustrating home, but it has sinister secrets. mike, now released from a psychiatric hospital, continues his journey to stop the evil tall man from his grim work. please help us improve our keyword tags. - step : navigate to a movie or tv title page. - step : scroll to the bottom of the page and click the edit page button. - step : follow the instructions to add, correct or delete keywords. the "keywords" selection is located under "plots quotes".
__label__non_math	0.9999	to register as a new user click here. if you are a registered user but are having problem logging in, or if you're experiencing difficulties while registering as a new user you can use this special form to contact us. please note that this form must be used only for registration login problems. every other type of feedback sent through this form will be discarded.
__label__non_math	1.0000	someone is strangling coeds in perugia. the only clue is that the killer owns a red and black scarf, and police are stumped. american exchange student jane and her friends decide to take a break from classes by going up to danielle's uncle's villa in the country. unfortunately the killer decides to follow, and the women begin suffering a rapid attrition problem. written by did you know? the film was highly censored in english language countries. because of this, parts of the english dub do not exist for the film. on uncut dvds, these scenes are played with their original italian language track and english subtitles. see more when the guy riding a motorbike flips over and lands in his back the mud, he has mud on his back and chest and face before he lands in the mud. see more referenced in black christmas
__label__non_math	0.9990	a brave little film from an independent crew in the philippines duda doubt is an example of how a man driven by an idea for a film can succeed against all odds at creating a significant statement. writer director crisaldo pablo used a cast of friends with some professionals and with the use of a sony vx made the first full-length digital film ever shot in the philippines. comments by cris pablo and some of the actors are in a 'making of' feature on the dvd demonstrate how much dedication to a vision played in this brave little movie. the story deals with the life of a thirty-something young man cris andoy ranay - 'markova: comfort gay', 'bathhouse' whose life to date has been that of a man seeking sexual encounters daily, swearing that after such encounters he will find the perfect mate as . after a particularly active night seven conquests he meets the early twenty-something erick paulo gabriel and indeed settles into what he feels will be a lifetime commitment. cris' friends are constant companions who are pleased at cris' new lifestyle, but at the same time are wary of the youthful erick's fidelity. doubt ensues and cris confronts erick on his time away from the home, a factor that makes the experimenting erick outraged at cris' constant jealousy. ben, an old paramour of cris' appears, making one last attempt to ignite past fires of passion before he marries a girlfriend: cris remains committed to erick. cris works as a television director and much of the story plays out by showing simultaneous tv talk shows, one about cris' life and the other about erick's adventures. the tension mounts as cris sees his relationship disintegrating and hearing some sad news about ben, cris resolves to live the lonely life of an aging gay man...until a surprise event occurs. for a first-time film, doubt has many positive qualities. flashback sequences are filmed in black and white in a grainy, semi-focused manner that allows the theme of sensuality to be presented in an amazingly subtle way. considering the film is shot with a digital camera, the flow is smooth and the sense is one of immediacy and spontaneity. the only professional actor is the lead andoy ranay and he draws a convincing, three-dimensional character with whom we can identify - a man approaching the age of 'undesirable' in the gay world of the philippines. the rest of the cast, though unsophisticated in training, give committed performances under crisaldo pablo's direction. the resulting product is a somewhat rough but ultimately honest and creative movie about the private and public pain of gay relationships. give it a try. in tagalog and english with subtitles. grady harp of people found this review helpful. was this review helpful to you?
__label__non_math	0.9992	add full plot an epic battle between spartacus and his gladiator brothers, against batiatus and his guards. did you know? viva bianca's character name ilithyia means female moron in greek. see more when the gladiators are brought out to be viewed by the guests of battiatus in the finale, the gladiator indus, who was killed off in the 2nd episode of the prequel, gota, is shown standing next to spartacus. see more as she kills numerius he was not a perfect man; but he was mine
__label__non_math	0.9144	transcript of a press briefing by simon johnson, economic counsellor and director of research on the world economic outlook analytic chapterswith roberto cardarelli, natalia tamirisa, and nikola spatafora thursday, mr. murray: good day. i'm william murray, chief of media relations at the imf, and this is our embargoed briefing on the spring weo chapters , , and . again, this briefing is only on chapters , , and . it's embargoed until a.m. washington time, which is approximately two hours from now, or gmt. simon will have some opening remarks, but before he gives them to you, let me introduce everybody else at the table. simon johnson, economic counsellor and director of research; roberto cardarelli, principal author of chapter ; natalia tamirisa, principal author of chapter ; and nicola spatafora, the principal author of chapter of the world economic outlook. simon? mr. johnson: thanks very much, bill. before i turn to the content of our analytical chapters in this year's report, let me say a few words about the current financial market upheaval and its implications for the global economy. first, global economic prospects have weakened, slowed by the effects of financial disruptions that began with the u.s. subprime mortgage crisis, but have spread more widely across the financial system. growth in advanced economies appears set to decline in and we expect some deceleration in major emerging economies, although growth there should remain above trend. at the center of the slowdown, growth in the u.s. economy has come to a virtual standstill and we expect it to remain weak over the coming quarters owing to deeper problems in credit and housing markets that are fed off each other. notwithstanding the strong response from u.s. policymakers, tighter financial conditions, higher energy prices, softer labor markets, and the weak housing market all conspire to weigh heavily on the economy in the near term. in europe we also expect to see slower growth perhaps with some lag in light of the u.s. downturn. beyond trade links, western europe in particular is vulnerable to financial spillovers from deeper credit market strains in the united states. moreover, a possible correction in certain national housing markets could weigh on consumer confidence and consumption. indeed, deeper and more protracted strains on financial markets pose the main downside risk for the global economy. an intensification of problems in u.s. housing and credit markets could further slow the u.s. economy and weigh on the arc of the recovery. this in turn could lead to further financial losses and strains on bank balance sheets that might further constrain their capacity or willingness to lend with a macroeconomic impact felt more widely. in emerging and developing economies where activity is expected to moderate but still remain strong, risks appear more balanced, but market turmoil could also slow financial flows including to several countries in emerging europe that have benefited from large banking inflows in recent years. moreover, significantly weaker global growth could slow exports and prompt a decline in commodity prices that could slow domestic demand. however, commodity prices have to date remained strong despite the signs of weakening economic activity, and high or rising oil and food prices have played a major role in increasing inflation pressures around the globe. in fact, i cannot recall a time where i have seen such a striking dichotomy between global commodity and credit markets each sending conflicting signals regarding the global outlook. on the global outlook, let me just conclude by saying i will have a lot more to say about the details at our main world economic outlook press conference on april , next wednesday. the focus of today's discussion as bill mentioned is on the key issues raised in our weo analytical chapters. there are close parallels between the themes in these chapters and the press challenges facing the global economy both at present and looking beyond the near term. in chapter of the weo, we consider more closely the repercussions of financial turmoil focusing on housing markets and then links to the wider economy. the united states in a sense is at one end of the spectrum in terms of the sophistication of its mortgage markets and where financial innovations have made it easier for a wider group of u.s. households to gain access to mortgage credit. this may have gone some way to increase the exposure of the economy to developments in the housing market. countries differ significantly in their systems of mortgage finance and these differences can play an influencing role in the strength of linkages for a country's housing market to the wider economy. it also highlights that other countries including many in continental europe may not be as exposed to housing market developments. among the key findings, the importance of housing is greater in economies where access to mortgage credit is easier. why? because larger use of homes as collateral strengthens the feedback of rising house prices onto consumption via increased household borrowing. recent innovations in mortgages have generally increased the impact of money policy on house prices by increasing access to mortgage financing and the degree of leverage in mortgage debt. and the conduct of monetary policy needs to take into account the level of development in the mortgage market. with higher household mortgage debt, stabilization outcomes could be improved if monetary policymakers respond relatively more aggressively to movements in house prices particularly when there are unusually rapid rises that could take prices far out of line with fundamentals. moreover, this policy approach should be symmetric, raising rates to limit the risk of a buildup in market imbalances, as well as lowering rates in response to concerns of an overly rapid price decline. but this does not mean that monetary policy should target house prices. given the uncertainty about housing booms and how to manage them, house prices should be one of the many elements to be considered in assessing the balance of risks within a risk-management approach to monetary policy. moreover, monetary policy alone cannot bear the full weight, and regulatory policy also has a critical role to play. coming back to commodity prices, chapter of this year's report examines the recent commodity boom and its relationship with globalization and prospects for developing countries. the context matters here. emerging and developing economies have become important players in a more integrated global economy against the backdrop of soaring commodity prices and improved institutions and policies. key implications are twofold. first, these countries have been an increasingly important component of global demand for commodities. total trade, that is, exports plus imports, now constitute between to 100 percent of gdp, and total foreign capital ranges from 100 to 200 percent of gdp across many regions of the developing world. this surge in global integration has occurred against the background of strong growth in emerging and developing countries and a broad-based rise in commodity prices of about percent in real terms since . these expansions have become increasingly interrelated. second, developing country commodity exporters have benefited from the current commodity price boom more than before. policy barriers to trade and financial flows have declined steadily and the quality of institutions and macroeconomic management have generally improved, allowing countries to better tap into the benefits, although the contribution of commodity prices, themselves to trade and financial integration has been relatively small. sustained efforts to further improve institutions and policy frameworks would support continued progress toward further integration of developing countries and improve their ability to withstand abrupt changes in commodity prices. the analysis in this chapter implies that even if commodity prices were to lose their current buoyancy, the process of integration is unlikely to be reversed. continued improvements in institutional quality, financial deepening, fiscal prudence, and external liberalization will continue to be important drivers of integration. nevertheless, increased diversification and reform progress would reduce their vulnerabilities to commodity price shocks in many developing countries that remain dependent on commodity exports. finally, let me turn to chapter where we consider a policy issue with potentially enormous global consequences for the macroeconomy and cross-country spillovers, and that is climate change, one of the world's greatest collective-action problems. let me stress that the imf does not have expertise on the science of climate change. where we can contribute is on the analysis of the macroeconomic, financial, and fiscal implications on the policies to address climate change. our research shows that putting a price on greenhouse gases emissions that contribute to climate change would have an initial adverse effect on productivity and growth, saving investment, capital flows, and exchange rates are also likely to be affected, but a well-designed policy framework can help contain these costs. to minimize the costs of mitigation policies, it will be crucial to build a framework that is sustainable and provides incentives for broad country participation. the imf staff analysis points to some lessons as to how such policies could be more effective and efficient. first, carbon pricing policies need to be long term and credible. policies need to establish a time horizon for steadily rising carbon prices that people and businesses believe. higher carbon prices would then induce the required shifts in investment and consumption away from emission-intensive products and technologies. and gradual price increases starting early and from a low level would minimize the cost of adjustment. a framework for multilateral action should induce all groups of economies, advanced, emerging market, and developing, to start pricing their emissions. any policy framework that does not include large and fast-growing economies such as brazil, china, india, and russia, in some fashion would be costly and politically difficult. that is because during the next years, percent of emissions are projected to come from emerging and developing economies. carbon pricing policies should also aim at establishing a common world price for emissions. this would ensure that emissions reduction occur where it is least costly to do so. if carbon prices are not equalized across countries, the global cost of mitigation policies will be at least percent higher. carbon pricing policies should be sufficiently flexible to accommodate the business cycle. during periods of high demand it would be more costly for firms to reduce emissions and the opposite will be true when demand is low. abatement costs will be lower if firms are allowed to vary their emissions over the cycle while still targeting a given level of emissions reductions over the medium term. unlike carbon taxes, schemes for trading emission permits, also known as cap and trade, could prove restrictive in periods of high growth unless they incorporate elements that help control price volatility, so-called hybrid policies. finally, the costs of mitigation need to be distributed equitably on a global basis. transfers under cap and trade schemes need to account for how easily different countries could reduce emissions. a scheme generating a flow of transfers toward emerging and developing countries would reduce the costs of carbon pricing policies for them and would encourage their participation. however, such flows may also put an upward pressure on exchange rates in the recipient countries leading to symptoms of the so-called dutch disease problem. it will be important to put in place supporting policies that could help to address these issues. thank you. before we turn to questions, perhaps i could just shamelessly plug my blog which is now back on stream and will be active for the next few weeks. you or your listeners and readers are welcome to pose questions and comments there. thank you. mr. murray: thanks, simon. before we start taking questions, let me just remind everybody who is online to begin submitting your questions. we're going to try to take care of those as much as we possibly can. i'm going to start now with journalists who are here at imf headquarters and then we'll switch to questions being submitted online. the gentleman in the front row here, please. questioner: i have a question on spain which is one of the countries that you mentioned in your housing chapter. do you foresee a continuation of the slowdown in housing there given your method of analysis? and also what kind of impact it will have on the economy. in your chapter you mentioned that residential investment is a very important part of the spanish economy so in that light, what do you see for the economy there? thank you. mr. johnson: a lot of these questions i'm going to involve the chapter authors, and i'll turn to roberto in a minute. i think we should be clear we're not in the business imf is not in the business of forecasting short-term movements in asset prices of any kind. what we talk about in the chapter is fundamental determinants of housing prices and we do identify situations where prices apparently have diverged from the fundamentals to some degree, but that's a very medium-term statement that we're making there and there are many different ways that adjustment can take place including through changes in the fundamentals, for example, if growth picks up in any particular country. so do interpret our findings please carefully in those terms that we're talking about medium-term determinants and drivers of housing activity and other things like that. roberto? mr. cardarelli: sure. what we did here in this chapter is we estimated what in real terms house prices should be based on a bunch of variables that should affect house prices in the long-term like, like demographics, interest rates, credit growth, measure of affordability, and based on those measures we see that real house prices in spain are between and percent overvalued. that's not actually a very high number compared to other countries, countries with much larger overvaluation. one of the reasons why spain has already gone through a huge correction in terms of housing prices, in terms of year-on-year growth they went from double digits, actually larger than percent, to basically zero over the last quarter. so the correction in house prices in spain has occurred already but we see in real terms some further scope for correction. in terms of residential investment though, we didn't see a strong sort of weakening of residential investment in spain, and right now at the end of , residential investment as a share of gdp in spain is still very high compared to the trend. it's slightly below percent. we estimate the trend is about to percent. so there is some way to go there. and considered that in spain, the share of residential investment to gdp is much higher than the other economies, it's second only to ireland in our sample, any consequences from a slowdown in residential investment is probably going to be stronger in spain than in other european economies. questioner: mr. johnson, could you speak a bit more of this dichotomy and conflicting signals of rising commodity prices and the credit markets? and particularly, what do you and your colleagues see for the inflationary impact of this boom? you used the word boom in commodity prices. you don't use the word bubble. do you see any tendency toward bubbles in any of these commodities over the last months? mr. johnson: i'll bring nicola, the chapter author, in in a moment to answer this question. the point that the chapter tries to make is the increase in commodity prices has been quite protracted do that prices have increased since and we think that most of that increase has been due to strong global demand and the fact that growth around the world has been more broad-based, middle-income and emerging markets have grown faster and have demanded a lot of commodities, and most of the increase in commodity prices we think has been justified by that global boom. so it has been very broad-based. it's involved pretty much all commodities and that's the context of the chapter. the dichotomy which i was mentioning and i think you were following-up on is of course what's happened to commodity prices more recently, for example, in the last months, and i would actually say since the beginning of this year. our view, and which i think we have communicated clearly and we will tell you the number next week, is the prospects for global economic growth have slowed down since january when we provided out last interim forecast, and at the same time, commodity prices have increased. that's an unusual combination. when you think that the global economy is slowing down, usually commodity prices would come down with some lag it must be said, commodity prices are not usually a leading indicator of changes in the global cycle. so there is a puzzle there. there are a number of possible answers. one is that the global economy may not be slowing down. perhaps we're wrong and perhaps other people are wrong, the commodity markets are taking a different view, but it could also be financial factors. real interest rates, for example, are low now in dollar terms and this may be encouraging people to take other positions in commodities for example. and it may also be a form of diversification when the dollar is depreciating. so there are a number of shorter-term factors there that are playing into this dichotomy and these conflicting signals and it is hard to know which one of these markets is correct. let me turn to nicola to see if he wants to add something to that. mr. spatafora: while our research does not focus on the short-term outlook for commodity prices, we did ask how can developing countries best position themselves to take advantage of whatever developments may arise in the commodity markets, whether we expect them to continue going up or down. and overall we found that it will be crucially important to continue to strengthening their institutional frameworks and policy frameworks, and let me single out two aspects there. first, the continued need for fiscal prudence. many of these developing countries including commodity exporters have seen significant improvements in the fiscal position compared to previous booms, but it's still unclear to what extent this is structural as opposed to cyclical and it will be important to safeguard these gains. another factor i'd like to emphasize is the need for continued external liberalization across all sectors. questioner: staying on the commodity issue, when you say in global growth there's a slowdown but that it's unlikely to affect what's been going on with the trade issue, is that because a lot of this is so-called south-south trade and as the u.s. europe slow down further i gather would you see that south-south trade picking up? mr. johnson: thanks for the question. certainly there is more south-south trade now than in the past and certainly the image of china producing manufactured goods and buying commodities from africa or from latin america as imports that that's a correct image, we do see that in the statistics. and this is one reason we think that while we don't believe in a strong from of decoupling in the world economy, we do acknowledge or even emphasize divergence. i almost tell you what our forecast was but i won't tell you. the broad pattern which you'll see in our forecast is one of divergence. in part that's due to the south-south trade. in part it's also due to the kind of factors that nicola was talking about. the emerging markets and developing countries have done a good job of creating the basis for sustaining of growth so that even if commodity prices do come down a bit, that that shouldn't too much of a problem for them. they don't seem to be as vulnerable as they were in some previous episodes. so there's south-south trade, there's a resilience to their economies, and there's a diversification of their exports that are all sort of playing together to give you i think what we see right now as divergence. questioner: just to follow-up, how much of this that you've got in here has to do with food? are you mainly talking about metals or are you also talking about food as well? it's everything? mr. johnson: as i said, it's been a very broad-based commodity boom that includes metals, food, and fuel, so basically all commodities. the timing was slightly different. metals prices went up earlier, food prices came up more recently. the dynamics of each one is a little different. also the move toward biofuels has played an important role in food. and now of course food and fuel are feeding off each other so that the fuel prices in particular are feeding into higher food prices in emerging markets and this is a very serious issue. questioner: right. if you don't mind, one thing about the food issue, as you know, a lot of countries are addressing the increase in food prices in different ways, some with price controls, others with taxes, and sometimes even export bans of some commodities. what price controls would help a country right now? is it just a short-term thing? are there any examples of where price controls have actually been good? mr. johnson: that's a very good question. we may have to come back to you four or five dozen times on that. but i think in general we don't like price controls. we do recognize sometimes governments want to buffer the effects of shocks. and unfortunately, the buffering that's happening on fuels for example, measures people take just to slow down the pass through of oil price increases to consumers, that's part of what keeps the prices high because then demand doesn't come down. in general we'd much rather see governments when they feel there is a pressing need to provide some direct income support to need people rather than trying to twice prices around in such a way as to help certain groups. that kind of price intervention or price mechanism often doesn't turn out very well, and of course we do worry about the fiscal implications, and those are becoming noticeable, let's say, in quite a few countries around the world. so, these are serious issues, and we need to talk further with our membership about them, particularly if commodity prices stay at these levels. questioner: i just want to get one clarity and ask one or two questions. last time we were here, you quite correctly predicted a little bit of slowdown partly because of the mortgage crisis here in the u.s., but you still maintained that the poorer countries which have been experiencing a little bit of growth for the past year or two are still going to experiment that kind of growth. can i get a clarity? is that still your take right now, seeing to it that, you know, all the, you know, markets' turmoil that are affecting everybody. is that still your position, first of all? and, secondly, perhaps you have been very much considerate of the development in the southern tip of africa, whereas zimbabwe has always been the inaudible in that part of the world, and with the changes now political changes do you think that we might be heading for a better prospect for that country, for zimbabwe? you know, it has the highest inflation rate in the world, over ,000 percent. and would want to comment, also, about the energy crises of africa and the fact that inflation has gone up more than what the central bank has predicted inaudible . mr. johnson: okay, the reason we have this weo chapter on commodities was exactly to explore for ourselves and also for you what are the likely prospects for developing countries if commodity prices stay high and also if they come down. so, we would want to sort of, if you like, do a sort of stress test type of thinking for commodity exporters, and i think the results from this chapter are somewhat encouraging, although as nikola emphasized, the chapter does say you have to continue to make progress on fiscal frameworks and on trade liberalization. we were just discussing a moment ago movements away from trade liberalization, various kinds of protectionism that are creeping into commodity markets. those are not helpful. so, we are i would not say that we are complacent on this issue. i think we are trying to get these people to stay focused on the core policy agenda and we do think there's a bit of a slowdown coming for everyone. but we do think that the developing countries for example, in africa but more broadly have got a strong basis for sustaining their growth, and we think if they continue to follow through on the policy frameworks and if they manage to handle the energy problems, high energy costs which are not just in south africa, they're more general then we think that growth prospects would be fairly good. just with regard to your specific question about zimbabwe, i don't know the latest developments. i haven't been tracking them. but i would say that it should be pretty obvious that imf always feels hyperinflation is a terribly destructive process, and any time a country can end hyperinflation, bring it down under control, you're going to see substantially better economic prospects. hyperinflation is, arguably, the most destructive kind of economic situation a country can encounter, and that would be a number one priority for any country that has such high inflation. mr. murray: okay, thanks, simon. i'm going to turn to the media briefing center now. we return to spain housing on this question, a follow-up. regarding the housing sector in spain, what can be done to lessen the effects of the correction on the economy, if anything? mr. cardarelli: what we've done here is we analyzed the effects of monetary policy changes in the housing sector, and we conclude that changes in monetary policy may have stronger effects on the housing sectors and may smooth the consequences on the economy through negative, and positive for the matter, developments in the housing sector. what we may have looked at over the years, it's a sort of a change in the channels of transmission of monetary policy to the housing sector, less through residential investment, and that's because mortgage markets have been more integrated with capital markets, have sort of made themselves less dependent on the amount of credit available out there, so this channel has lost importance over time, but on the other side, monetary policy effects on house prices have become stronger and especially in economies with more developed mortgage markets where it's easier for household to access mortgage credit and where household sector is more leveraged. in our index, for example, the spain mortgage markets is not among the most developed among most economies, but, i mean, huge progress has been done there as well, so the chapter suggests that there is a role for monetary policy to play in smoothing the negative consequences of the slow down of this housing sector slowdown on the economy. questioner: mr. johnson, i go back to your opening remarks, which, by the way, i hope we are going to have a copy of the writings before we leave here. mr. murray: copies will be placed on the media briefing center as soon as we wrap up. questioner: good. very interesting about your remark about global slowdown, and if i understood correctly i am afraid i could have missed something about the risk of more spillover from the housing market crisis in western europe if i didn't get it correctly. first question is do you see a risk of a global recession? and that's it for now. mr. johnson: yes, well, next wednesday we'll talk about that in detail. i think that i'll stick with the fairly general language that we had in the introduction, which is, these are serious problems. it's not and it's limited to the u.s. and it's not limited to housing either. i mean, i think that there are concerns more broadly about other asset prices and the concerns about spreading to other kinds of debt more consumer debt. and so in places where consumers have a high degree of leverage or where which is certainly in the united states and some other industrial countries. but also housing is a large part of household net worth in europe for example. so, if there is a housing price correction, and we see it in a few places i wouldn't say we get to see it widely, but this could affect consumption directly as well as through affecting the financial system where household leverages are. mr. murray: okay, thanks. this is a good point for me to remind people in the media briefing center to submit questions before we wrap this briefing up. also i would recommend everybody, both here in the room and also on line, to visit the spring meeting's website. the public engagement schedule is on there, including details regarding simon johnson's press conference next week on april 9th at a.m. on the weo chapters and . that press conference will be live at a.m. it will not be embargoed. again, if we have any more questions in the room okay, let's go gentleman towards the back of the room. questioner: i just want to make sure i wasn't i was reading correctly your chapter on housing, and i came a little late so maybe you covered this. but the way i was reading it, you were urging central banks to take housing more into account in how they set their interest rate policy. sometimes you said that seemed to say that pretty clearly, sometimes you seemed to hedge. and then the other question was you had several indicators as people have asked questions about the housing as to overvalued and so on. are you saying that are you saying clearly that central banks ought to take housing into account and here are some of the indicators they could use to give them a sense of what to do? mr. johnson: yes. so, we're trying to be quite careful in what we're saying about monetary policy in housing. we think that in a risk management approach it make sense to consider house prices as one element. we're not saying they should that monetary policy should target house prices; we're saying it should be part of your assessment of the balance of risks. that is a very different very different statement, and we try to make that clear in the chapter. and we think it has but we think it also has to be symmetric, that we think that if central banks we think it is appropriate for central banks to consider what is happening to house prices when house prices may be coming down and to think about how that could be affecting the economy and to worry about this from a risk management basis, introducing potential nonlinearities for example. but it should be the thinking that it should be symmetric, so when house prices are going up it would also be appropriate for central banks to think about that from a risk management perspective, including how that's going to affect inflation, including how that's going to affect vulnerabilities. we're also not laying the entire responsibility for thinking about housing and house prices with monetary authorities. we do stress that the regulators need to be properly equipped both sort of in terms of their intellectual frameworks and in terms of their powers to deal with the housing situation. so, we're not shifting too much onto the monetary authorities. in terms of the evaluation analysis, you know, i think this is you should take this very much as people like yourselves take the ims view on exchange rates. the imf takes a view on exchange rates and we say we think exchanges are overvalued or undervalued relative to their medium-term fundamentals, and i think at this point you all understand we're not saying exchange is going to be one way or the other tomorrow or next week. what we're saying is that over the next five years we'd expect to see a tendency for exchange rates to move in a certain direction in order to, for example, bring current accounts back towards what we regard as sustainable levels. and i think it's the same sort of reasoning we're applying to the housing market. we're saying that there are some fundamentals and those fundamentals would support a certain level of prices, and prices sometimes above and, by the way, they're not always they're not always above what's fundamental, sometimes they're below in some of the countries that have had a chapter or have house prices below what would be suggested by fundamentals and in our view this would suggest a process. again over the medium term we'd expect the fundamentals and the house prices to come closer together. now, that could happen through fundamentals changing. for example, real interest rates change that affects fundamentals; income growth could change; access to mortgage finance could change in various ways; or there could be a change in house prices that's those are the terms that we are thinking about. questioner: just as a follow-up, if the central banks agreed with your recommendations, how would you see the current practice compared to what you're proposing? how much different would it be? mr. cardarelli: well, i think what they're doing right now is to ease monetary policy aggressively, and they're easing it aggressively especially in the economies where mortgage rate is higher where the mortgage market is more developed in the sense that it's easier for households to access mortgages, to use homes as collateral, to extract equity out of homes. and that's actually a very important conclusion of the chapter. what simon said it's true, so we're recommending a more symmetric approach within this risk management monetary policy approach, but this is especially true, i would stress, in economies where mortgage markets are more developed; in economies where mortgage markets are less developed, there is sort of a less urgency in a way, to adopt this kind of behavior. and it's sort of something that you see going on right now so, for example, the fed has been easing more aggressively than the ecb. there are structural differences in mortgage markets between the u.s. and europe. europe, according to our indexes, is most of the countries in europe have less developed mortgage markets than the u.s. this is consistent with what we're saying in our model, in our research saying in these kinds of economies when mortgage markets are less developed serve there's less volatility coming out of development in the housing sector. so, there is less of a need for monetary policy to respond strongly to house prices. for economies like the u.s. with a very developed mortgage market, there's more of a point in responding to house prices when things start changing as rapidly as they are now. mr. murray: thanks, roberto. let me turn again to the media briefing center. we'll get back to the room. we have some time for a few more questions. this is directed it's from brazil. it's regarding brazil and the commodity issue directed to simon johnson. do you believe the brazilian economy could maintain strong growth if commodity prices go down? how much can the country benefit from a rise in commodity prices? mr. johnson: well, i think it's a hypothetical question about commodity prices. i will obviously talk about our forecast for brazil and other commodity producers next week. i think the point that we're trying to get at in the chapter is, you know, the extent to which countries are dependent on commodity exports and the extent to which they can sustain growth if there are sort of bumps in the road in terms of commodity prices. obviously, any country that exports commodities needs to think about diversifying away from commodities and that the evidence in the chapter is that quite a few countries have made progress with that. so, it's hard to go beyond that, and i'll answer hypothetically. it depends on exactly which commodities which commodity prices and exactly the time in which that occurs. but i think that we are encouraged in general by the greater apparent resilience of many commodity exporters. they've made good use of this boom, in our opinion, relative to how some previous booms have gone, and so this should help, moving forward, whatever happens to commodity prices. mr. murray: thanks, simon. we'll be able to explore brazil in more detail brazil specific stuff in more detail next week. back to the gentleman in the rear of the room. questioner: if spain's housing prices may be to percent above what the fundamentals justify, is that similarly the case for the united states? mr. cardareli: for the united states we actually have more around from to , so it's a little bit less than that. and, again, i think the reason there are maybe two reasons. one is that increasing house prices in the u.s. has been even less rapid than in spain, for example. i would say also compared to many other economies that we looked at. and the second is that in real terms house pricing, and in nominal terms as well, house pricing in u.s. have already come down. actually, it's the only country together with ireland where growth has been negative. so, part of the adjustment has already occurred. that's why relative to the other countries the u.s. is not as bad as other economies. mr. johnson: i would also just add to that remember this comparison is in real terms. to the extent you have some inflation in the united states, which we do, that would reduce the amount of nominal price change necessary to bring you back towards this fundamental value, okay? so, it you have to think about the inflation part and subtract that out from the gap between nominal prices and the fundamentals. mr. murray: okay, i'm about the wrap this up. are there any last lady in the center here. we'll go to the last question unless we have other indications. questioner: well, i feel that i mean, we have to talk about climate change. it's one of the big issues. and i know you inaudible estimates the future damages from climate change, but do you have any sort of idea looking at what currently what the damages have been? and the other thing is if you could explain more about looking at the you said here the cost of policies to address climate change can be contained by ensuring that mitigation policies are well designed. it would be crucial to aim at a framework that is sustainable and provides incentives for broad country participation. could you elaborate a little on that please? ms. tarimisa: in our research we haven't produced any original estimates of damages from climate change. and review of the literature suggests that generally these damages are likely to fall on future generations. but already now we do see examples of how climate change affects countries. for example, in india and bangladesh there is increased incidence of droughts. there are also floods that tend to follow different patterns than historically, and scientists tend to attribute this also to the effects of climate change. in recent years, there have been several heat waves in europe and also many tend to associate this with climate change. and of course there are some countries in the world for example, pacific island economies that have been affected by rise in sea level, and they are likely to be affected even more in the coming years. on the second part of your question, costs of mitigation policies and how they can be contained by providing incentives to countries to participate in mitigation efforts, we do believe that it is important that any sort of policy on mitigating climate change covers a broad group of countries advanced emerging market economies, developing countries because in the next years it is projected that percent of emissions will come from emerging and developing economies. how could these incentives be provided? this will depend on the specific design of mitigation policies. for example, on the cap and trade policies or hybrid policies, it is possible to design them in a way that would generate some financial transfers towards emerging and developing countries. this would help provide incentives for these countries to join mitigation efforts and also reduce the cost of mitigation efforts for these countries. as simon mentioned earlier, these transfers, if they're significant, could be associated with certain economic effects and it's important to put in place supporting policies to counter such effects. mr. murray: thanks, natalia. thanks, simon, roberto, and nikola for joining us today. i'm going to wrap up this briefing. again, it's embargoed until a.m. d.c. time gmt. if you have any additional questions, or you want to double check information from your notes, send an email to firstname.lastname and we'll follow up with the research department. also there are video clips available currently on news market for broadcasters, which include interviews with the authors and i recommend broadcasters go there. again, thank you for joining us. imf external relations department
__label__non_math	0.9996	three img academy golfers add to the trophy case at clearwater s countryside country club posted: xin cindy kou; siqin ariel yu finished first and second; zheng yi louie liu made top at greater tampa junior golf tour event. img academy golfers xin cindy kou and siqin ariel yu had a strong showing at the countryside country club greater tampa jr. golf association gtjga event, held in clearwater, fla., jan. . in the girls -division, cindy shot a six-over to win the event...
__label__non_math	0.9898	one of the first ways i learned how to capture leads was by engaging visitors and pre-qualifying them. understand that some people may be reluctant to enter their name and email address right off the bat so you will need to follow some basic tactics to get them engaged in what you re offering so they have a higher perceived value of the product service. if memory serves me correctly, ruck actually taught me this several years ago way before we started working together. i like to start by asking a couple of questions. let s say you re looking to collect diet leads. you may ask the person: - are you male or female? - how many pounds do you want to lose? - are you motivated and ready to start losing weight today? - if we were to offer you a trial weight loss product today would you be willing to try it? i personally recommend split testing this, asking all the questions on one page and then asking one question per page. after your final question that pitches the offer then ask the visitor for their name and email address. this way you re going to filter out the people who aren t going to provide you with a quality lead. following the input of their data you could simply direct them to an offer wall that contains multiple weight loss products all cpa cps offers . your back-end to the offer could contain an automatic email followup sequence that periodically checks in and offers a wide array of health and beauty offers more lead gens as well as credit card submit offers . the verticals you can enter by doing this are only limited to your imagination. ruck and i have both seen this work successfully with not only weight loss, but teeth whitening, anti-aging creams, biz pop, and many more. i ve said it time-and-time again but creativity always wins in lead generation arbitrage. how creative can you get with this? add videos, pictures, etc. for even higher conversion rates optins. i ve laid it out for you, take action and get to testing
__label__non_math	1.0000	clipperton island index clipperton island government - note: the information regarding clipperton island on this page is re-published from the world fact book of the united states central intelligence agency. no claims are made regarding the accuracy of clipperton island government information contained here. all suggestions for corrections of any errors about clipperton island government should be addressed to the cia.
__label__non_math	0.9527	- cancer vaccines immunicum ab publ develops cancer immunotherapies. the company's two main groups of therapeutic cancer vaccines, subcuvax and intuvax , in addition to the method for expansion of tumor-specific t-cells cd70 , are based on the nobel prize awarded discovery of dendritic cells dcs and their central role in all immune responses. since the raw material consists of white blood cells dcs from healthy donors, immunicum's products can be mass-produced. the therapeutic cancer vaccine intuvax is injected intratumorally and is currently being evaluated in a clinical phase i ii-study in metastatic renal cell carcinoma. it utilizes each patient's own unique tumor tissue as antigen source and is thus a completely personalized therapeutic cancer vaccine that is still able to mass-produce and store in frozen condition for long periods of time. immunicum is a biopharmaceutical company that was founded in as a spinoff from sahlgrenska university hospital, in gothenburg, sweden immunicum has three different platforms for the development of cancer immunotherapies immunicum has four ongoing projects, with a strong focus on the ongoing clinical trial in renal cell carcinoma press releases, financial reports, calendar, meetings presentations, etc. the big connect west-dayread more
__label__non_math	0.9999	daily tip: how to invite someone to a calendar event beginner ever wonder how to invite someone else to an iphone or ipad calendar event? whether you're setting up a meeting for work or a gathering for family or friends, if you have a mobileme or exchange account including gmail set up as exchange , you can send an invitation that pretty much anyone can accept. we'll show you how after the break here's how to invite someone to a meeting or event via mobileme or exchange: - tap the calendar app - tap the button at the top right - enter a title and the other information you'd typically add for a meeting or event - scroll down and tap invitees if you don't see invitees, make sure you're setting the meeting up for a mobileme or exchange calendar - either start typing an email address it will autocomplete for you or tap the button to the right to open you contacts list - when you've added all the invitees, tap done - tap done on the add event page to finish that's it a common misconception is that invites can only be accepted by mobileme or exchange users -- anyone can accept events to their calendar and even get email update if the creator of the event changes the time or cancels the event. this is a neat feature for those who need to keep a group of people automatically updated. if you have any questions or any great calendar tips of you own, let us know in comments tips of the day will range from beginner-level 101 to advanced-level ninjary. if you already know this tip, keep the link handy as a quick way to help a friend. if you have a tip of your own you d like to suggest, add them to the comments or send them in to email if it s especially awesome and previously unknown to us, we ll even give ya a reward
__label__non_math	0.9888	facebook app crashing for some users my twitter stream is being swamped by people claiming the ios facebook app is crashing for them today. it doesn't seem to have anything to do with the recent ios ..or ios .beta firmwares either, and people who haven't gone near either of those are reporting the problem. it also doesn't seem to be a problem for everyone, as other people are saying they're just fine. maybe some piece of content is causing a problem for those folks unlucky enough to have loaded it? who knows. let's hope it fixes itself, or facebook fixes it, as soon as possible. in the meantime, if you use facebook for ios, let me know if it's working for you, and if it's not, how it's not. and if it's not, remember, you can always use facebook.com to get at least some of your fix in the meantime...
__label__non_math	0.9763	c64 . - itunes link , a commodore emulator for the iphone and ipod touch is now available from the app store, despite having been previously rejected by apple. fcc spotlight? phil schiller intervention? simple change of heart? sounds more like a slight change of code, says the c64 blog: ultimately, basic has been removed for this release; however, we hope that working with apple further will allow us to re-enable it. if you're dying to get your basic on, however, reader stooovie let us know you can still access it by enabling "always show full keyboard", starting a game, paging over to the extra keyboard, and then tapping reset. boom, dropped into basic with a ready-prompt -- though we clearly don't remember enough c64 basic to see if it actually does anything or just sits there blinking. commenters? but, as they say, who cares about basic, c64's focus is games and it ships with dragons den, le mans, jupiter lander, arctic shipwreck and jack attack. more games will be available in the future via in-app purchase, we believe . the interface is gorgeous, the passion level obviously high, and the c64 is a classic as is the amiga, cough, want-it-next, cough , so for fans of any of those qualities -- or more likely all of them -- check it out and let us know what you think. demo video and more screen shots after the break thanks stooovie for the tip
__label__non_math	0.9983	windows phone series -- is it competition for the iphone? microsoft today announced their long anticipated -- possibly long delayed or oft re-started -- windows phone series and showed off a brand new user "experience" including deep social network integration and full on zune services. every windows phone is a zune, but they're not zune phones -- clear? . so, after my recent round robin windows phone review concerns, how did they do? my quick take, after the break some years post original iphone 2g, they showed off a new start screen that's a series of big square or rectangular tiles. this is the least impressive part to me, however, as i'm not sold on the glance-ability or use of space. even the animated flips and slides, as slick and sexy as they were, didn't really amaze me as much as something else microsoft showed off -- a deliberate, decided attempt to reduce the amount of taps it takes users to accomplish tasks, and to make workflows and fun-flows we've had great looking on windows phone before, thanks to htc, sony, and others. now microsoft is pulling a palm and aiming for great working. that's key, and huge kudos to them for it. and while i'm not sold on the static screens of the ui georgia remarked that big blue screens squares is something microsoft has trained us not to enjoy , the typography was phenomenal, with microsoft raising the bar on their already fantastic cleartype. apple and ipad need to pay attention to that . there was an xbox live microsoft -- again like palm -- has re-invented themselves for the modern mobile era. they even said the phone isn't a pc, something everyone else got years ago but when turning a ship as big as microsoft is still worthy of a cheer. furthermore, our old friend at t showed up to be their premiere partner for launch. maybe that's why we haven't seen much android from them, and why we expect iphone-on-verizon rumors to bubble up again as if on cue. but at least it shows some traction. some problem areas might be the reported lack of flash as a differentiator it's coming later , no or limited multitasking not sure about that yet, could just be a rumor , and no or limited backwards compatibility with previous windows phone windows mobile apps again, nothing solid on that yet . while many clamor for an iphone .ui overhaul as well, apple keeps stating they've just trained million people to use their ui, so while a lock screen home screen reboot could happen, they likely don't want to lose or confuse existing users. and could you imagine if itunes app store apps didn't work on iphone .? they work on the ipad, after all . that's a problem microsoft faces on the windows desktop side, but was obviously willing to risk on the mobile platform -- and who can blame them at this point? due especially to fragmented ui in windows mobile .x -- htc sense, sony xperia, microsoft tatanium, etc. probably helps them out here. all that aside, however, microsoft worked wonders last year with the zune hd and ultimately the mainstream market didn't care. that has to be the windows phone teams greatest concern right now. is there still any mindshare left for them? so is windows phone series competition for the iphone? hopefully enough for apple to really give us that a 4th generation iphone steve jobs referenced following the ipad announcement, but likely not enough to dent mainstream consumer market share. at least not yet. if microsoft was really serious about it selling, they'd have quit the typically ridiculous "windows phone series" branding and released it as the xphone, along with a call of duty special edition.
__label__non_math	0.9996	aimpoint s breakthrough technology allows a shooter to do what comes naturally keep both eyes open while focusing on a target. when a shooter looks into an aimpoint sight, a red dot appears in the lens. the shooter can then quickly superimpose the red dot on the target. aimpoint red dot sights are manufactured to the highest standards of quality. each sight is hand-built and undergoes rigorous testing. they are designed for use in the real world, and can handle rough treatment and all imaginable weather conditions. impact guns is the gun shop for all your shooting needs. we offer a wide selection of firearms, including: handguns, shotguns, rifles, ammunition, rifle scopes and optics, as well as collectible machine guns and other nfa class guns. impact also services the needs of law enforcement and military with our wide variety of tactical weapons and accessories. shop online through our 256-bit secure sockets layer encrypted online gun store hours a day
__label__non_math	1.0000	coursera adds universities and institutes to their online venture. providers of free online higher education are expanding the ranks of universities that contribute courses to their web sites. they are also adding many schools from outside the united states. coursera, based in mountain view, calif., plans to announce thursday that universities and institutes are joining the online venture that was launched last spring, bringing the total to . among the newcomers are prominent schools in mexico and spain, which will enable free courses to reach the spanish-speaking world, and schools in hong kong and taiwan, which will provide access to those who speak chinese. edx, a nonprofit organization based in cambridge, mass., announced late wednesday that it is adding six universities to a consortium that harvard university and the massachusetts institute of technology mit began last spring. with the expansion, edx will offer courses from colleges and universities as well as the university of texas system. five of the new edx partners are from australia, the netherlands, canada and switzerland. the twin expansions reflect a surge of interest from around the world in what are known as massive open online courses, or moocs. millions of users have signed up in the past year for free courses through the two web sites and others such as udacity, drawn by access to video instruction from world-class professors. locally, the universities of maryland and virginia and johns hopkins university have teamed with coursera. georgetown university has joined with edx. so far, all content on edx and most content on coursera has been delivered in english. coursera said it soon will offer courses in french, spanish, chinese and italian. among the institutions joining coursera are ie business school in madrid, the national autonomous university of mexico, national taiwan university and chinese university of hong kong. it makes us much more of a global education enterprise, said coursera co-founder andrew ng, a stanford university computer scientist. among the new edx partners are delft university of technology in the netherlands, the swiss school known as epfl, australian national university anu , and mcgill university and the university of toronto, both in canada. there is talk of edx hosting anu courses in hindi and epfl courses in french, said edx president anant agarwal, an mit professor of electrical engineering and computer science. it s really important to get international partners, agarwal said. it s about languages; it s about viewpoints; it s about culture, absolutely. it s really about diversity. via washington post
__label__non_math	0.9980	this is sidebar . you can edit the content that appears here by visiting your widgets panel and modifying the current widgets in sidebar . or, if you want to be a true ninja, you can add your own content to this sidebar by using the appropriate hooks. banner stands, corporate displays, and vinyl graphics. the bronze plaques were of outstanding quality. great service, great designers, and great to deal with. i worked with impact signs to create bronze plaques for a memorial park. it was a long project, but they handled every aspect with great attention to detail. ed dwight, ed dwight studios we have worked with impact signs now on several occasions with stellar results and great customer service. ammar and shabbir are easy to work on designs with and their installations have been perfect. dr. steven koos , ora dental studio from start to finish was a wonderful experience with impact
__label__non_math	1.0000	imp awards movie poster gallery bigger, stronger, faster poster poster design by cold open alternate designs click thumbnails or view gallery bigger, stronger, faster want to buy the poster? try these links: internet movie poster awards - featuring one of the largest collections of movie poster images on the web. site design by face3media
__label__non_math	1.0000	imp awards intl uk movie poster gallery powder poster poster design by name creative want to buy the poster? try these links: internet movie poster awards - featuring one of the largest collections of movie poster images on the web. site design by face3media
__label__non_math	0.8658	the advanced friction tester from gardco pomano beach, fl produces detailed fingerprints of new substrates, coatings, and production samples. these characteristic can be saved and compared at any time, allowing the manufacturer to specify the optimum surface finish for any packaging process. continental fan buffalo, ny announces the tek plug fans, which feature tek backward curved airfoil wheels. the tek impellers combine precision injection molding techniques with modern high-strength plastics to produce a wheel that is stronger than steel, yet half the weight. the hyster company greenville, nc has launched a new series of lift trucks with lifting capacities of ,000 to ,000 lbs. the h550-700hd models are ideal for steel manufacturing, loading general cargo, and stacking loaded or unloaded containers. the newly designed models feature the comforcab ii operator compartment, which enhances operator comfort to maximize productivity. balmac inc. plain city, oh offers the model vibration analyzer with an led strobe light for vibration analysis and dynamic balancing applications. the analyzer is a portable solution for vibration and balancing work with a highly efficient, high-brightness light source. tecsys, inc. montreal, canada announces the eliteseries visual logistics, which enables customers to streamline putaway, picking and packing, and achieve a high order accuracy. the new version is founded on web-based technology that communicates the what, when, where, why, and how of plant logistics. han-kwang usa lombard, il announces its model tl , a tube cutting laser system capable of handling long, . diameter workpieces. the maximum wall thicknesses are up to in mild steel and in stainless steel. a .5kw panasonic laser and a versatile siemens 840d cnc controls all function of the machine, alongside han-kwangs proprietary flex 3d tube cutting software. danfoss drives milwaukee, wi introduces the vlt low harmonic drive, which performs real-time analysis and actively imposes currents, as needed, to ensure the highest quality sine waves from the power supply grid. all vlt drives are individually-configured according to the customer s specific needs. uvex smithfield, ri has launched the specifix collection of protective eyewear. the collection includes three new styles versapro, precisionpro, and extremepro , all of which are designed to meet the needs of workers in various industrial facilities. the eyewear comes with uvex s supra-dura anti-scratch coating. hitachi america tarrytown, ny has announced compliance with nsf ansi standard -annex g for their submersible pump motor line-up. the annex-g standard weighted average lead content evaluation procedure to a .percent lead requirement was developed in response to california s low lead plumbing law, which mandates a maximum lead content of . mercotac inc. carlsbad, ca announces the model 215-2k in their line of rotating electrical connectors with a service life that can last over one billion revolutions in many applications. in addition, the connectors are virtually maintenance-free, and transmit electrical power or signals with almost no electrical noise. master magnetics, inc. castle rock, co has introduced a few additions to their line of magnetic sweepers. the permanent magnet assemblies range from to in width, making them ideal for quick removal of hazardous scrap metal debris from warehouses, loading docks, and manufacturing areas. sis-tech houston, tx announces the diamond-sis automated independent backup aib , a standalone safety instrumented system that backs up current process control trip logic and meets the requirements of iec . the aib is available in single, dual, and triplicated channel configurations with on-line diagnostics, testing, and maintenance capabilities. the edison power distribution line from automationdirect cumming, ga now includes the hpb-series open-style power distribution blocks as a convenient way to manage power distribution needs. the distribution blocks are manufactured with tin-plated aluminum connectors suitable for copper conductions, helping maintain a high sccr rating of 200ka. ridgid elyria, oh introduces the auto-clean drain cleaning machine for cleaning drain blockages in pipes from to 1 in diameter. the machine features a dual-direction autofeed technology, which advances and retrieves the drain-cleaning cable with the push of a lever. camfil farr air pollution control apc, jonesboro, ar has introduced a new pulse-cleaned industrial vacuum that reduces clogs to prevent problems that result from a loss of suction during cleaning. the farrvac operates without compressed air and may be used for everyday cleanup.
__label__non_math	1.0000	digest email: to sign up for a digest email, login in to your ims community account and enter the forum. click profile on the right hand side of the screen near the top, choose personal options, scroll down to category digest and highlight all the categories you wish to receive email notification from, then the click update profile button at the bottom. you can bookmark and check the rss feed for the categories you are interested in. a link to the rss feed is on the right hand side in orange in each category. the ims news rss feed is: posting a message in this category requires approval. your message will be reviewed, and if approved, it will be posted.
__label__non_math	1.0000	top reasons to create your myshow planner - maximize - make the most of your time and save your feet by locating the exhibitors and products you want to see before you even arrive in chicago - educate - locate new companies with services and products you may not have even been aware of - organize - keep track of sessions you'll be attending and appointments you've scheduled on your own personal calendar - communicate - contact exhibitors before the show even begins - reference - log back in after the show is over to remind yourself which exhibitors you visited and what they were displaying at this year's show learn how to get the most out of your show with the myshow planner in this imtsedu video tutorial.
__label__non_math	1.0000	valid from to the spirit that brought two communal experiments to new harmony in the early 19th century thrives in this peaceful, picturesque village. new harmony offers world-class accomodations, dining, entertainment, abundant shopping and natural amenities for every interest. historic new harmony conducts guided walking tours at and daily. tours run from march through october . tours begin at the award-winning atheneum, new harmony's visitors center. a discounted family ticket is . i got this discount on visitindiana.com indiana s official travel planning source visitindiana.com offers lots of great discounts for many of your favorite establishments across the state of indiana discounts are added monthly, so be sure to visit often or sign up to receive the big deal emails and be the first to know. find things to do that are always free or are offering special deals. browse for special vacation packages and discounts. look for establishments offering coupons or discounts. check out which events have free admission or offer discounts.
__label__math	0.9907	be forewarned: 'the psychology of phishing scams' by alan wlasuk, wddinc, indianapolis, ind. firstname.lastname we all get unwanted email, referred to as spam, but why so much? does anyone really fall for these obvious scams? even as we ask these questions, a small voice inside our heads repeats a common retort, if spam wasn t making money for someone, would it continue to be sent? read entire article
__label__non_math	0.9979	whats the secret to outperforming all of the competition and your opponents, setting yourself apart from everybody else? the answer is: by learning how to increase your vertical jump. this is a video of one of the elite athletes jacob has trained -- huge vertical. when it comes to specific sports, in particular, basketball, track and field, football and volleyball, being able to jump high and having powerful legs is exceptionally important. it s one very effective way of establishing yourself as a star player. infact, having the ability to jump explosively will give you superiority in just about any sport, including cheerleading, gymnastics, hockey and even baseball. imagine if you could dunk a basketball, swell over your opponents, be a more effective defender, score more points and win more competitions and games. learning how to increase your vertical jump will enable you to perform at your maximum capacity, harnessing your full potential as an athlete. it will boost your confidence and improve your overall physical ability, fitness and agility. the famous jump manual makes some very bold claims about just how much you can increase your vertical leap in just a matter of weeks. jacob hiller is the person behind the jump manual and he guarantees to add inches to your vertical jump if you follow his jump manual program that s available as a downloadable ebook immediately upon purchase. jacob has trained many collegiate, professional and even olympic athletes to jump higher and he has sold tens of thousands of his ebook that contains workouts and advice on how to increase your vertical jump with plyometrics and jumping exercises. although, the question still remains, does the jump manual really increase your vertical jump like promised on the website? i was quite curious myself as to how well it would work, so i forked out the money to buy the jump manual to see for myself if it actually worked or if it was just another big scam by someone who doesn t know what they re talking about. a little about myself: i consider myself very educated when it comes to jumping and exercise in general. my name is will, and i have a bachelor s degree in exercise science and have studied biomechanics kinesiology throughout my college career, i work as a personal trainer and have a handful of clients who i train for specific sports and fitness in general. i ve designed my own vertical jump training systems for clients and friends and have played basketball at a state level. naturally, i can spot the scams from the programs that are backed by science and genuine training methods. when i purchased the jump manual, i wasn t exactly impressed with the presentation of the actual product -- but then again, i m not paying money to have a nice looking ebook, i paid for something that would increase my vertical and help me to jump higher -- and the jump manual delivered. initially just flicking through the jump manual i could tell that jacob really understood the science behind jump training and actually knew what he was talking about. he even made some points i hadn t considered in my own training. i was expecting the program to give pretty good results, like my own programs which incorporate strength training and plyometrics -- but it actually did better than my own personally designed programs, and for that i give jacob a lot of credit. within the first weeks of doing the jump manual workout, i saw a gain of inches on my vertical leap. that s not just a beginners inches, i already have a good vertical and thats what makes it more impressive. its very easy for a person whose just starting out to gain a few inches in the first month of plyometric training, but i m an experienced weight trainer and have been jumping for years this program includes an ebook, workout charts, nutrition plans and full video demonstrations of all the exercises and streches. you also get unlimited one to one coaching via email and phone and lifetime access to the elite jumpers forum. jacob is so confident in his proven techniques that he is offering a day money back guarantee.
__label__non_math	1.0000	part-time urdu instructor the berlitz advantage berlitz is widely known as a premier provider of language training and cultural services with over 500 locations in countries, including more than locations in the u.s and canada. however, over the last few years, the company has acquired others businesses and has expanded its scope of products and services. the training management corporation tmc and 2nd language testing incorporated slti are two of these companies. with these acquisitions, berlitz is now able to provide products and services world-wide that includes: language proficiency test creation, delivery and administration; global leadership development training; communications training, media-based technology enabled learning; and a number of programs and services to enhance cross-cultural effectiveness. all of these services combined have led to berlitz embarking on a strategy to be recognized as a global education company with a mission to help individuals communicate more effectively and for businesses, who are competing in a global marketplace, to succeed. merging 130 years of innovation in language services with the latest in technological advancements, berlitz has the resources through its extensive network to accommodate the needs of businesses and organizations from one-on-one training to enterprise-wide programs. in addition, berlitz helps the world communicate through a wide variety of consumer program offerings for adults, teens and children. for more information on berlitz programs and services visit . summary of position berlitz, renowned around the world for its commitment to quality language instruction and education, is seeking passionate and knowledgeable part time instructors in any and all languages for our language centers as well as berlitz virtual classroom, an online teaching platform if you have native fluency in a language and a passion for both learning and teaching, then berlitz may be the right place for you to utilize your knowledge and skills while developing yourself both personally and professionally as a part time language instructor as a part time language instructor, you will deliver lessons in accordance with berlitz teaching principles: focusing on the interests and needs of your students. you will work with private students as well as group classes at the learning center or one of our offsite locations. additional responsibilities for the part time language instructor include: keeping student records and profile cards up to date participating in your performance evaluation plan integrating learning technology into teaching programs maintaining center resource materials at berlitz, we ve been teaching people all over the world how to speak and communicate in another language for over 130 years as a part-time english instructor for berlitz, you must have exceptional communication skills and speak urdu at native fluency level. we are seeking interactive and motivated instructors who are comfortable working in a diverse environment on a flexible schedule. additional responsibilities for the part-time language instructors include: bachelor s degree or the equivalent teaching experience, a plus berlitz is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. berlitz - months ago benesse corporation wants to help you live well, from infancy to old age. the diversified company provides products and services that educat...
__label__non_math	0.9999	the raven fifth wheel and raven travel trailers are popular among the outdoor enthusiasts because of the appointments, quality of construction, fit and finish as well as the features not found on any other mid-profile fifth wheel or travel trailer. it all starts with the sunnybrook raven ax5 aluminum cage construction providing a solid frame with the gel-coated hung side walls. the super lube axle system and trail air suspension provide safety and stability on america s back roads and highways. the front power stabilizers and heavy duty rear stabilizers make rv campground resort set-up easy and safe. the pass-through basement storage coupled with slam latch baggage doors gives you plenty of room for the outdoor and camping accessories while having the assurance that everything will travel in a secure environment. the interior of the raven fifth-wheel line is well-planned. flush floor upper deck master suite is a cozy nest unto itself. the glazed cherry cabinet doors and premium residential carpeting and cushy pillowtop queen bed is just like home, but all the benefits of waking up in a lush outdoor environment. the galley is efficient and functional with its .cubic foot refrigerator, oven and piezo igniter for the stove, plus the watt microwave oven for meal preparation or leftover re-heats. the residential-sized sofa hide-a-bed is perfect for viewing the high definition lcd flatscreen tv. additional entertainment features include the am fm radio with cd dvd home theatre system. the raven travel trailers feature many of the amenities found in the fifth-wheel line. as with the raven fifth-wheels, the travel trailers offer tall slide-outs, so appearances are roomy and inviting. the dark tinted safety glass windows with bellagio window shades are functional and attractive. the neo-angle shower with glass door and skylight above allows the natural light to flow throughout the trailer. the oil rubbed bronze light and faucets adds a designer s touch to your raven travel trailer. traditional features found in the raven 5th wheel and travel trailer lines are supplemented by luxury, and convenience packages, as well as silver and gold label upgraded packages.
__label__non_math	1.0000	unionists lodge complaint over flag belfast city council could face legal action over its decision to restrict the flying of the union flag, the democratic unionist party said today. the change to only hoisting the flag on designated days like royal birthdays was endorsed by nationalists and the cross-community alliance party at the start of december. since then dozens of police officers have been injured by missile-throwing loyalists as ugly scenes erupted in belfast and other parts of northern ireland. the dup opposed the change and has now lodged an equality complaint with the council. john hussey, dup secretary on belfast city council, said the party has submitted a formal complaint to the council that it is in breach of its equality scheme. we believe that, both in its processes and in its decision over the removal of the union flag, belfast city council made multiple breaches of its published and legally required equality scheme, he said. this is the first step towards a formal complaint to the equality commission and ultimately possible legal action. until last month, the flag flew every day of the year from the city hall. disputes over flags and symbols have been a regular occurrence in northern ireland and the shift to flying the flag on designated days a year has sparked some of the most sustained unrest since the signing of the good friday agreement in . a council spokeswoman confirmed it has received a formal complaint from the dup about an alleged breach of its equality scheme. notes from a small island: is sealand an independent 'micronation' or an illegal fortress? world news in pictures you thought the attendants had it bad? wait til you hear about ryanair s pilots revealed: eerie new images show forgotten french apartment that was abandoned at the outbreak of world war ii and left untouched for years join ryanair - arts council to find new arctic monkeys in major funding shift that favours rock stars - heading for the states? prepare for the longest us immigration queues ever - not available in xl: abercrombie fitch ceo mike jeffries accused of only wanting 'thin and beautiful people' - boxing: purdy set to join long list of british fighters who take the money and then the beating - join ryanair bmf is the uk s biggest and best loved outdoor fitness classes find out what the independent's resident travel expert has to say about one of the most beautiful small cities in the world win anything from gadgets to five-star holidays on our competitions and offers page. - per annum bens: progressive recruitment: drupal developer a ... - per annum bens: progressive recruitment: c web developer le... 240 - 260 per day: progressive recruitment: wpf developer c , vb.net north... - 120 per day: randstad education cheshire: ks2 teacher needed to do ppa ...
__label__non_math	1.0000	nike to stand by rooney wayne rooney's sponsors nike have confirmed they will stick with the manchester united striker despite lurid allegations about his private life. rooney's lucrative deals with nike, ea sports and coca-cola have helped boost his personal fortune to 35million, according to the sunday times rich list. a spokesman for nike said: "we have worked with wayne for seven years and he continues to be a nike athlete. "this is a private matter for wayne and his family and we have no further comment to make at this time." nike also stood by golfer tiger woods as the world number one admitted a string of affairs which led to the breakdown of his marriage. coca-cola declined to comment on their own business relationship with rooney, with a spokesman for the company saying: "this is a private matter for wayne and his family." a tight game could be in prospect here. northampton have been keeping things very tight of late and ... by gareth purnell i can t ever watch games of football or rugby without wistfully wondering what it must be like to be... by martin ayres since psg s exit to barcelona in the uefa champions league quarter-final in april, psg have been sur... by matthew riding stoke city investigate 'religious' abuse after 'pig head is found in kenwyne jones' locker' is david beckham one of the premier league greats? he's not even in the top ,000 says chris waddle groundhog day looms for ars ne wenger as arsenal battle for a place in the champions league on final day andre villas-boas ready to spark tottenham revolution one last swipe at manchester city and then sir alex ferguson was gone... - heading for the states? prepare for the longest us immigration queues ever - amir khan interview: 'one second could end my boxing career' - boxing: purdy set to join long list of british fighters who take the money and then the beating - dan stevens after downton abbey: the erstwhile matthew crawley is back in period costume - join ryanair bmf is the uk s biggest and best loved outdoor fitness classes find out what the independent's resident travel expert has to say about one of the most beautiful small cities in the world win anything from gadgets to five-star holidays on our competitions and offers page.
__label__non_math	0.9982	images of pregnant women being dragged, forcibly, into the cruel squalor of william's blake's "dark satanic mills" kept entering my mind after watching tv3's abortion debate last tuesday. during it, we were twice cautioned by william binchy about the inevitable arrival of "abortion mills" in ireland if the x-case was legislated for; the second time we were told that these terrifying creations would be places where "a well mother, with a well child" could avail of abortion. for years groups like amnesty ireland, aware, console, mental health ireland and grow have worked tirelessly to make people understand that mental illness is a reality and that if not treated it can prove fatal. recorded deaths by suicide in ireland rose by per cent last year 525 deaths as recorded in cso statistics the actual figures are probably much higher , proving to us that illnesses like depression can kill. yet there seems to be a commonly held belief that pregnancy is a protective mechanism against thoughts of suicide. this is despite the fact that many pregnant women who are suffering from a mental illness are often advised to stop taking their medication as it may harm the foetus i know this from my own experience . last year a respected, objective, peer-reviewed report, one of the first of its size and breadth archives of women's mental health , found that "pregnancy is not a protective factor against suicide ideation". a pregnant woman faces the same risk of death by suicide as a non-pregnant woman. in essence, to assert that a pregnant woman experiencing suicide ideation is actually "well" and therefore not entitled to a termination of her pregnancy is to dismiss and deny the reality and pain of mental trauma and the risk of death. firstly, we have no idea how many pregnant women die by suicide in ireland. many cases of what would seem like suicide are actually recorded as "open deaths" such as the drowning of anna byrne, who was pregnant with twins and had suffered from depression . secondly, we do not know how many women's lives are saved by a traumatic visit to one of those aforementioned "abortion mills" in england and elsewhere on the european mainland. those who argue against evidence that women who undergo abortions suffer later suicide ideation tend to forget that post-natal depression is a very dangerous illness which can sometimes end in suicide, infanticide or both. yet we are being asked to believe that a pregnant woman, suffering mental trauma and exhibiting signs of suicide ideation, should be classed as "well" purely for the purpose of denying her legal right to an abortion if she needs one? earlier on the tv3 debate, breda o'brien of the iona institute said that fine gael "didn't have a mandate to legislate for suicide as grounds for abortion" and, more worrying for those who believe we live in a republic, that "there is a higher court than the court of justice, and it is the court of conscience". as a woman who has a been pregnant, and, b suffered from a serious mental illness, i would have to hold my hand up here and shout: "in all conscience, am i not entitled to the right to survive under irish law?" if a woman whose life is physically at risk through her pregnancy is entitled to an abortion under the law, then why, if i became pregnant and consequently suffered suicide ideation, would i not be entitled to an abortion also? am i somehow a lesser person, with fewer rights, because my illness is mental and not physical? should i be imprisoned in a "pregnancy mill" until i give birth, ensuring that no matter what my psychological trauma, i endure a pregnancy? i ask these questions, not out of self-interest, but for all women currently in fear of their lives. in , when bertie's government tried to exclude suicide as a risk to the life of a pregnant woman, dr mary favier of doctors for choice said that the referendum ignored the seriousness of mental health disorders and the people agreed. since the x-case there have been two attempts to remove the right of a woman to an abortion if her life, through death by suicide, is at risk. the first was the 12th amendment bill in , the second the aforementioned 25th in . both were put to the people and both were rejected. how could fine gael need any more mandate than that? there is hardly a town in ireland which has not been touched by suicide. people know that the threat of lives being lost by suicide is only too real, and they are not prepared to play ideological games. and thankfully, our minister for justice, fine gael's alan shatter, believes that suicide is a real risk to the life of a pregnant woman, saying on radio last week: "i would say to them people listening , if it were their daughter or their niece or their wife who was threatening suicide and if psychiatrists fully accepted there was a very substantial risk of suicide, would they do nothing or would they ensure whatever action was necessary is taken to protect their lives?" minister shatter insists that ireland will remain a state with the narrowest of laws on abortion, even if legislation is introduced to include suicide in any consideration of risk to the mother's life. last week in a radio interview dr mary favier said that until the referendum amendment is repealed, "we will not be able to legislate in any circumstances to protect women who have been raped or who are pregnant as the result of incest". so, inevitably, there will be women who may be forced to attempt to persuade a psychiatrist that their life is at risk. i've said before in this column that "if i were the mother of a recently raped and now pregnant teenager, i'd be first up to have a chat with her doctor and insist she was suicidal if it meant she didn't have to travel to another jurisdiction". which is why, though legislation is vital at present to protect lives, eventually we will have to take responsibility for the health and welfare of irishwomen for the many thousands of "well women" who are forced to travel abroad, never mind the frailty of their physical or mental health and repeal the amendment.
__label__non_math	0.9998	web search powered by yahoo activate or subscribe for full digital access a note from our editor i can sympathize with republicans. they found out that when the majority of americans vote, they lose. the midterm election was a fluke - democrats stayed home and lies about "death panels", socialism, and lies about our president being muslim and kenyan-born got the far right out in high numbers. but in the general election, even in a slow economy when historically the incumbent president gets voted out of office, republicans still managed to screw it up. but republicans are stuck between a rock and a hard place. in republican controlled states they set up voting districts so that republicans would have very safe conservative districts to run in. it worked but then the far right candidates who win the primary often lose the general election. those who do win the general election are stymied by their inability to compromise in congress...if they compromise they can't win reelection in their district. they have created a system where republicans elect far-right candidates who can't win a majority in congress to get their way, but who can't compromise with the majority to move the majority more to the right because then they won't get reelected at home their only path to be reelected is to obstruct, obstruct, obstruct and talk tough...bringing the country to self-manufactured repeated fiscal cliffs, damaging our economy every time. what is their way out? they created their own problem so that they can't cobble together enough grumpy old white men to win a national election, but if they don't pander to the ones destroying their own party, they get rino'd out. hilarious , except that it is hurting our country and our economic recovery. i don't want only one party in charge in the house, senate, and the presidency, but until the republican party fixes itself instead of being the "stupid party" we are all going to suffer. want to participate in the conversation? become a subscriber today. subscribers can read and comment on any story, anytime. non-subscribers will only be able to view comments on select stories. feels like: feels like: vote in our readers' choice awards and win an ipad mini stay up-to-date with your news. follow us on twitter, find our clemson tigers coverage at our new website: orangeandwhite.com get news on your smart phone find the cheapest fuel where you live let your subscription give back. get discounts and perks at local businesses helping upstate families have a better holiday a guide to what you need to know about the anderson area check out the latest on your favorite high school teams at gofridayfootball.com see stories, a list of events and historic photos here check out our searchable list of the full race results here check out our special section
__label__non_math	0.9998	belton-honea path couldn't be in a better position to defend its class 3a state wrestling duals title. as the region -3a champion, the bears earned a top seed in the tournament, which begins at a.m. saturday. with the way the brackets were drawn up b-hp will have home matches all the way through the semifinals. that's where b-hp coach chris strickland is quick to remind his grapplers that looking ahead is a good way to get sent home early. especially considering the big target placed on their backs after rolling through the bracket last season culminating with a victory over chapin in the state final. "everybody that wins a championship, you come into the tournament that next year knowing you're going to get the best effort from the opposing team," strickland said. "there is some level of having a target on your back and people are gunning for you. we try not to let that bother us and keep plugging along." the bears experienced it on smaller scale in a four-team race for the western 3a crown. west-oak, emerald, palmetto and b-hp were all ranked in the top of the classification, creating a crazy ending to the regular season. emerald knocked off b-hp early in the season and the bears turned around to beat west-oak. b-hp was then forced to root for rival palmetto to beat emerald, which it did. the bears nailed down the region championship with a win over the mustangs last week. "i just kept stressing to my kids to wrestle their best every night because you never know what can happen," strickland said. just as it did last season, strickland said going through the "meat grinder" that is region -3a can only help his team as it prepares for a playoff run. last year's squad, however, had much more senior leadership. this season he is relying on sophomore 145-pounder dylan gary, who finished second at 126 pounds as a freshman, to guide b-hp. the bears - , ranked no. in 3a, will also look to their three region champions as they begin their quest with a first-round match against no. chester - and possibly a second-round matchup with either camden or former region foe pickens. freshman logan patterson 106 pounds has lost just two matches all season while parker peeples 126 pounds is peaking at the right time after defeating palmetto's brady whiteside, who he lost to twice this season, for the region crown. caleb bowie won a region title at 197 pounds. chester, which finished fourth in region -3a, has forfeited at 106 and 113 pounds all season but is strong in the upper weights. strickland figures the match will come down to the 138-160 pound weight classes. "when you get into the playoffs you have to be prepared every round. it doesn't matter if it's the first round or the fourth round," strickland said. "just like any close match you have to be able to maximize your opportunities in terms of pins and bonus points. in matches you might not be favored, you can't give up majors and pins." west-oak - , which boasts six individual region champs, could have a potential second-round matchup with region -3a champion and top-ranked eastside on saturday if it gets past union - . meanwhile, palmetto - will travel to chapin to face chapman - in the first round. in 2a a, liberty - , the top seed from the upper state, is coming off its first region -2a title in the program's years of existence. the red devils will face 16th-seeded ware shoals - in the first round of the upper state tournament, which will hold its first four rounds starting at a.m. saturday at powdersville high. if ninth-seeded pendleton - can knock off keenan - it could set up a possible second-round meeting with liberty. crescent - , ranked no. in 2a a, earned a no. seed and will take on st. joseph's - . powdersville - , seeded 14th, will meet cheraw - in the first round.
__label__non_math	0.9997	everyone loves food firstly, we bring you the famous name from history, paro. yes, the paro from devdas. no, not the famous movie devdas - which consisted of madhuri dixit, aishwarya rai bachchan and shah rukh khan. this lady is from the modern tale dev.d who played the role of paro, mahi gill. this actress not only loves eating but also enjoys cooking. out of everything, she loves eating gulab jamun the most. next up is the ladies' dabaang man salman khan. for him, his favorites are biryani and kebabs along with mughlai and north-indian delicacies. a surprising fact some might not be aware of is that he acquires alcohol every night moving along, the sheila of bollywood, katrina kaif loves eating cinnamon rolls. even after maintaining a healthy diet throughout the year, they are her weakness and she can munch on upto three large ones at a time moving along, we have the recently married duo next, saif ali khan and kareena kapoor. the ambassador of yoga, kareena kapoor, loves yoga along with pizza, italian and junk food while saif too enjoys the same junk food. in addition to that, he enjoys european and chinese food as well. following his wife's example, he too has turned to yoga to maintain a healthy weight with his penchant for unhealthy food choices. lastly, we have piggy chops aka priyanka chopra who also enjoys junk food in true punjabi fashion. surprisingly, she does not even go to the gym and yet maintains a slick body, thanks to the great metabolism rate she is blessed with. adding to the list of her favorite junk foods are pizza, pasta, burgers, cocktails and almost any non-vegetarian dishes is all about giving back and sharing, enjoying all the delicious foods and sweets with your loved ones. these were the favorite guilty pleasure foods of our celebrities. we ask you, what are your favorites? and with this, bollycurry wishes you a very happy thanksgiving editors: komal gunia m. do you like this article? bollycurry is celebrating mothers, both reel and real, and so we ... bollywood's popular interior designer sussanne k roshan says that ... views : views : views : views : views : 933
__label__non_math	1.0000	hotel atria is a business class hotel situated in the beautiful city of bangalore . it offers warm hospitality and excellent services for the guests. accommodation is arranged in 160 rooms and suites. hotel atria is noted for its luxurious accommodation and comprehensive banquet facility. the restaurants serving multi-cuisine food are very popular locally. the hotel houses boardrooms and halls with a seating capacity for 600 people. other services include in-house travel desk, florist, hr bell desk and courier service, doctor on call, secretarial services, and laundry dry cleaning services. hotel atria is a minutes journey from bangalore international airport and just minutes drive from bangalore city junction railway station.
__label__non_math	0.9961	iiml recruitment junior engineer, system analyst vacancy iiml junior engineer and other vacancy iiml recruitment for junior library assistant and other vacancy indian institute of management lucknow iiml , located at noida, lucknow is looking for suitable candidates for filling up the vacancy of junior library assistant, junior engineer, assistant systems analyst and programme assistant. that s why, applications are being invited from energetic and laborious candidates. so, those applicants who fulfill the requisite qualification of given further posts may send their applications on the address of iiml on or before 30th september . details can be seen below. recruitment details of junior engineer and other vacancy in iiml serial no. name of the vacancy total no. of vacancy maximum age qualification salary: - - assistant systems analyst sc st years be b.tech in computer science or mca rs. - - with grade pay rs. - per month. - junior engineer civil ur years bachelor degree or diploma in civil engineering discipline rs. - - with grade pay rs. - per month. - programme assistant years master degree in any discipline with three years working experience rs. - - with grade pay rs. - per month. - junior library assistant years bachelor degree in library science with three years working experience rs. - - with grade pay rs. - per month. how to apply: willing aspirants who are meeting with requisite qualification of above mentioned posts may send their duly filled applications in all respect on the address which is to, the chief administrative officer, indian institute of management lucknow iiml , prabandh nagar, off sitapur road, lucknow along with true copies of all suitable documents and a recent passport size color photograph. cutoff date for this application is 30th september for more details about the recruitment of junior engineer and other vacancy in indian institute of management lucknow iiml , please click on the web link provided below: - official website of indian institute of management lucknow iiml is more top government jobs tags: iiml recruitment, junior engineer
__label__non_math	1.0000	undated indiana's newscenter - former notre dame star and year nba veteran orlando woolridge has died in louisiana of heart disease at the age of . woolridge starred for the irish in the late 70s and early 80s, and was the sixth overall pick of the nba draft by the chicago bulls. he played with them, new jersey, the los angeles lakers, denver, detroit, milwaukee, and philadelphia, with career averages of points and four rebounds a game. what are your thoughts click here to leave us a "your2cents comment.
__label__non_math	1.0000	what are your thoughts click here to leave us a "your2cents comment. to submit a comment on this article, your email address is required. we respect your privacy and your email will not be visible to others nor will it be added to any email lists.
__label__non_math	0.9999	tulsiram encounter: danta court reserves order on jurisdiction row a local court at danta in banaskantha district on saturday reserved its order over the dispute of its power of jurisdiction for taking the cognizance of chargesheet filed by the cbi in connection with the tulsiram prajapati encounter case. the court will pronounce its verdict on september . earlier, the court of geeta ahir, judicial magistrate first class jmfc , was filled with dozens of lawyers including senior counsel s v raju who argued on behalf of three accused named in the chargesheet including suspended ips officer rajkumar pandian, retired ips p c pande, o p mathur and r k patel, deputy superintendent of police who investigated the encounter case first. the four accused had filed separate applications objecting to the danta court taking cognizance of the chargesheet filed by cbi, on grounds that only special cbi court in ahmedabad, where the central agency filed the fir last year, has the jurisdiction of accepting the chargesheet. the chargesheet named accused including former gujarat home minister amit shah. "all cases being investigated by the cbi has to be reported to the special cbi court no-in ahmedabad which was established on a notification by the gujarat high court. and banaskantha district falls in the jurisdiction of court no-, therefore the cbi should have filed the chargesheet there instead of this court danta which also amounts to violation of the supreme court order," raju argued before the court. - destitute, orphan students outclass rest in andhra class exams - to re-energise ties, pm wants to visit us, waits for confirmation - nia court says no terror link, frees 'hizbul militant' liyaqat on bail - cbi arrests its coal allotments investigator on bribery charge - cricketer-bookie amit may have used jiju to reach sree - bcci chief n srinivasan says police must prove spot-fixing allegations
__label__non_math	1.0000	the demand for their on-demand service and the increasing penetration of broadband in malaysia, astro has chosen to upgrade their vod service to enable advanced functionality, including the ability to purchase previously broadcast programmes, a whole series, or access subscription-based vod services through a more advanced and user-friendly user interface.
__label__non_math	0.7120	twilight - edward s sparkle: let s admit it, this is one of the most hated book and movie series of all times. women worship it, men loathe it, and vampires want to kill the pretentious fools in the movie. so nitpicking this movie has a pleasing effect of its own kind. technically, in twilight , edward and co. are supposed to shine like diamonds in sunlight as it was shown in the first part, yet whenever in other instances edward is shown as a normal pale-skinned guy trying to work his magic over bella. we smell a scam
__label__non_math	1.0000	publication date: february together, laura, mary, and carrie play games, find mischief, and explore the wild as they travel and settle throughout the midwest. join in the fun with everyone's favorite pioneer sisters laura ingalls wilder was born in in the log cabin described in little house in the big woods. she and her family traveled by covered wagon across the midwest. later, laura and her husband, almanzo wilder, made their own covered-wagon trip with their daughter, rose, to mansfield, missouri. there, believing in the importance of knowing where you began in order to appreciate how far you've come, laura wrote about her childhood growing up on the american frontier. for millions of readers laura lives on forever as the little pioneer girl in the beloved little house books.
__label__non_math	1.0000	life on mars tales from the new frontier by jonathan strahan viking juvenile, hardcover, publication date: jonathan strahan lives in perth, australia.
__label__non_math	0.9995	written into history pulitzer prize reporting of the twentieth century from the new york times by anthony lewis editor times books, hardcover, , 352pp. publication date: october other editions of this title: hardcover with each news day, history unfolds as steadfast journalists uncover facts and public opinion. drawn from the new york times's archive of an unparalleled seventy-nine pulitzer prizes, written into history offers a fascinating record of the twentieth century. the times's award-winning reports range from antarctic dispatches on the byrd expedition to the eyewitness account of the atomic bomb, from the first amendment battle to publish the pentagon papers to the personal narrative of an interracial friendship. pulitzer prize winner anthony lewis culled through the newspaper's most acclaimed writing to chronicle life and history as it was happening, with such highlights as otto tolischus on hitler, david halberstam on vietnam, j. anthony lukas on hippies, and anna quindlen on aids. lewis tells the stories behind the stories, describing journalism's changing role in the world. for armchair historians and aspiring reporters, this is a rich and memorable portrait of a century by the men and women who most artfully observed it. two-time pulitzer-prize-winning journalist anthony lewis is the author of make no law and the bestseller gideon's trumpet. among the highlights of his nearly five decades of writing and reporting for the new york times, he served as the times's london bureau chief for eight years and contributes the twice-weekly "abroad at home" column to the paper's op-ed page. "the kind of even-shaping journalism pioneered by pulitzer is on display in written into history, a collection of pulitzer prize reporting from the new york times. editor anthony lewis chronicles changes in the attitude of the press toward the presidency and government, as reflected in the kind of reporting that won the prize over the years and the trend toward recognizing more analytical writing. he also provides background on the history of the pulitzer prize and the arduous decision-making process. the selected award-winning articles the times has won more pulitzers than any other american newspaper are sorted into the following categories: investigative reporting; dangerous stories that put reporters at risk; international news; public advocacy; criticism of the arts; science reporting; and biographical and human-interest stories. among the topics are russian slave-labor camps during the 1950s, the pentagon papers, the vietnam war, and exploitation of illegal aliens in the u.s." vanessa bush, booklist "lewis gideon's trumpet a writer with the new york times for nearly five decades and himself a two-time pulitzer winner succeeds in presenting some of the world's best recent journalism . . . there are plenty of both prominent and almost-forgotten stories: 'red' smith on the near-bankruptcy of new york city in the 1970s, max frankel on nixon's visit to china, linda greenhouse on failed supreme court nominee robert bork. lewis's fine introductory essay describes the post-vietnam transformation of american journalism. the war and watergate, he contends, made the press more skeptical of those in power and more confrontational in tone. pulitzer prizes increasingly went to fearless reporters like david halberstam, whose tragically prescient analysis, in , of the worsening situation in vietnam constitutes one of the highlights of this book . . . another highlight is lewis's own analysis of the warren court, which moved aggressively to 'federalize' legal protections in the areas of civil rights and criminal due process. it's a paragon of accessible legal writing. perhaps the best, and certainly the most important, piece in the collection is mirta ojito's unforgettable recent story of two cuban immigrants, one black and one white and how race comes to define and divide the two friends once they move to miami. the piece is everything great journalism should be: empathetic, unmistakably relevant and a challenge to our basic ideals. for anyone interested in recent history or journalism at its best, this book will prove worthwhile." publishers weekly
__label__non_math	0.9993	original fake releases the xp futsal ball, a five-a-side version of football, meant to be played on a downsized indoor court. made from synthetic leather, originalfake s ball comes in black with an all-over kaws x print. get one at originalfake s online store. the hundreds commissioned ben baller to create the world's most expensive and ignorant chain. with the streetwear industry growing, we've decided to put together this on-line magazine to keep the bay area in the know of trends and companies both local and internationally. bookmark us, we promise big things down the line.
__label__non_math	0.9997	rubber components - defence mackay commenced manufacturing products for the defence industry in . currently, we are a major supplier of rubber components to defence industries, where we successfully compete with other established international suppliers. customers include australian army, nz army, and other overseas forces. mackay is an approved supplier to united defence l.p. employing unique technology - developed in conjunction with the aeronautical and maritime research laboratory - mackay manufactures complete track link assemblies and road wheels for armoured vehicles. this includes the m113 armoured personnel carriers and the latest generation of high speed infantry fighting vehicles. mackay products exhibit significantly improved performance and durability compared to the original equipment. from design to prototypes, and simulated service testing to finished proven products, mackay offers a complete service to defence customers combined with the application of rigorous quality standards through the entire process. small volume complex components for original equipment or replacement parts can be manufactured to the same exacting standards in our fabrication section.
__label__non_math	0.9999	.donated in past month walton family foundation gives millions to ocean privatization efforts in a august 16th news release from wal-mart corporate headquarters in bentonville, arkansas, the walton family foundation announced investments totaling more than million alone handed over to marine conservation grantees including ocean conservancy, conservation international foundation, marine stewardship council, world wildlife fund and environmental defense fund edf . walton family foundation gives millions to ocean privatization efforts by dan bacher the recreational fishing alliance rfa , a national grassroots recreational fishing organization, on august slammed the walton family foundation's contribution of million to ocean privatization efforts through "catch shares" programs and the creation of so-called "marine protected areas." the foundation, set up by the family who founded wal-mart, announced this week "its efforts to help fund the demise of both the recreational and commercial fishing industry while also working to ensure that the next generation of sportsmen will have less access to coastal fish stocks than at any point in u.s. history," according to a news release from rfa. in a august 16th news release from wal-mart corporate headquarters in bentonville, arkansas, the walton family foundation announced "investments" totaling more than million alone to marine conservation grantees including ocean conservancy, conservation international foundation, marine stewardship council, world wildlife fund and environmental defense fund edf . the five top grantees were: conservation international, ,305,449; environmental defense fund ,500,000; and the ocean conservancy, ,757,768 critics of wal-mart, the largest retailer in the world, have blasted the company for decades for being able to sell its products at cheap prices only by employing sweatshops, undercutting competitors, wielding its market power to cripple both competitors and suppliers, and flouting national and international health, safety, labor, and environmental standards. anti-corporate globalization opponents have long regarded wal-mart as a virtual "darth vader" of retailers, as documented in the film, "the high price of low cost." greenwashing wal-mart's image however, in the retail giant hired adam werbach, former sierra club president, to "polish" its image this latest release is apparently part of a carefully orchestrated campaign to greenwash its image - and extend control over public trust resources. according to the release, the walton family foundation "focuses on globally important marine areas and works with grantees and other partners to create networks of effectively managed protected areas that conserve key biological features, and ensure the sustainable utilization of marine resources - especially fisheries - in a way that benefits both nature and people." "we focus our work in the united states' primary river systems and in some of the world's most ecologically significant marine areas," said scott burns, director of the foundation's environment focus area and the former director of marine conservation at the world wildlife fund. "it's important to us to protect and conserve natural resources while also recognizing the roles these waters play in the livelihoods of those who live nearby." the rfa countered that these specially managed areas of coastal waters are also referred to as "marine protected areas" or "marine reserves," and the end result is denied angler access, of little or no benefit to the very people whom wal-mart claims to benefit. marine protected areas without real protection "a quick visit to the ocean conservancy website should be telling enough for anglers interested in learning where wal-mart's profits are being spent," said rfa executive director jim donofrio. "these folks are pushing hard to complete california's network of exclusionary zones throughout the entire length of coastline, and they've made it very clear that they would like to see the west coast version of the marine life protection act mlpa extended into other coastal u.s. waters." grassroots environmentalists, fishermen, california indian tribes, civil liberties activists and environmental justice advocates have criticized governor arnold schwarzenegger's marine life protection act mlpa initiative, privately funded by the shadowy resources legacy fund foundation, for its numerous conflicts of interest, institutional racism and the violation of numerous state, federal and international laws. the so-called "marine protected areas" established under the mlpa initiative fail to protect the ocean from oil drilling and spills, water pollution, wave and wind energy projects, military testing, corporate aquaculture, habitat destruction and all other human impacts upon the ocean other than fishing and gathering. in an extreme case of corporate greenwashing, catherine reheis-boyd, the president of the western states petroleum association, served as chair of the mlpa blue ribbon task force that created these questionable "marine protected areas." the release also said that targeted marine protected areas moving forward include indonesia, colombia, costa rica, ecuador, panama, the gulf of california and the gulf of mexico. it will be interesting to see if these marine protected areas, like california's mlpa initiative, will disrespect and fail to acknowledge the sovereign gathering rights of the indigenous people of these countries and regions. will these marine protected areas be like the one imposed by the mexican government that denied members of the cucapa tribe the right to fish in the colorado river delta, spurring the zapatistas ezln and the tribe to set up a "peace camp" from february to may to affirm their sovereign rights? donofrio said of ocean conservancy in particular, "here's an organization which has publicly opposed creation of artificial reefs used by wal-mart's tackle buyers, in some cases openly advocating for their removal, yet the walton family is handing over tons of money for support." wal-mart boycott follows safeway boycott "shopping for fishing equipment at wal-mart is contributing directly to the demise of our sport, it's supporting lost fishing opportunities and decreased coastal access for all americans," donofrio said. "i hope all rfa members across the country will remember that when it's time to gear up, but i would also wonder if perhaps our industry can help spread the message and support our local tackle shops by also pulling product off wal-mart's shelves." rfa in april announced its support of a national boycott of the safeway supermarket chain, including genuardi's in new jersey, pennsylvania and delaware, because of that corporation's support for california's widely-contested mlpa initiative. "apparently safeway has gotten some bad advice from the people in the ocean protection racket, a community to which the california-based mega-corporation is now donating profits," said jim martin, west coast regional director of the rfa. "safeway says it is supporting groups that make a difference like the food marketing institute's sustainable seafood working group, the conservation alliance for seafood solutions and the world wildlife fund's aquaculture dialogues, but it's little more than corporate greenwashing." donofrio believes it's time that wal-mart was added to the angler boycott list as well. "the walton family created this huge corporate entity that has threatened the vibrancy of our local retail outlets, and now they're essentially doing the same thing with our fishing communities," donofrio said. "much like safeway has done with their financial investment in the environmental business community, wal-mart apparently prefers customers buy farm-raised fish and seafood caught by foreign countries outside of u.s. waters, while denying individual anglers the ability to head down to the ocean to score a few fish for their own table," noted donofrio. foundation pushes catch shares program the walton family foundation is also working "to create economic incentives for ocean conservation," while candidly pledging their support for "projects that reverse the incentives to fish unsustainably that exist in 'open access fisheries' by creating catch share programs," according to the official news release. a broad coalition of commercial and recreational fishing, consumer and environmental groups is opposing the catch shares programs being pushed by noaa administrator jane lubchenco, a former vice-chair of the board of directors of environmental defense, because these programs amount to the privatization of public trust resources by concentrating fisheries in the hands of a few corporate hands. wherever catch shares have been introduced, local fishing communities, fish populations and the environment have been devastated. "a catch share, also known as an individual fishing quota, is a transferable voucher that gives individuals or businesses the ability to access a fixed percentage of the total authorized catch of a particular species," according to food and water watch. "fishery management systems based on catch shares turn a public resource into private property and have lead to socioeconomic and environmental problems. contrary to arguments by catch share proponents namely large commercial fishing interests this management system has exacerbated unsustainable fishing practices." fish are a public resource," explained wenonah hauter, food water watch executive director. "unfortunately, private investment groups and even some public interest groups have shamelessly and publicly compared access to fish to the stock market and are treating it like an investment that can be bought and sold for personal profit. they re aiming to model the fishing business after big agribusiness on land, with giant commercial operations controlling the market. donofrio emphasized, "our local outfitters and tackle shops along the coast have had to face an immense challenge by going up against wal-mart's purchasing power during the last decade, but now that the walton family is so up front about their opposition to open access fisheries, it's hard for me to believe that any sportsmen would ever be interested in shopping there again." "california anglers have been outraged to learn that money they spend at a safeway grocery store might end up in the hands of anti-fishing groups like the edf and the ocean conservancy, so i hope more anglers will join the national boycott by sending a message to wal-mart as well as safeway," martin added. sam and helen walton launched their "modest retail business in " with the guiding principle of helping "increase opportunity and improve the lives of others along the way," according to the walton family foundation website. it is that principle the foundation says, that makes them "more focused than ever on sustaining the walton's timeless small-town values and deep commitment to making life better for individuals and communities alike." rfa said grassroots efforts to combat the corporate anti-fishing, pro-privatization agenda are more than just an uphill climb. "the edf catch share coffers are already filled to the top, while pew charitable trusts has billions in reserve," donofrio said. "when you add another million annual commitment from the walton family each year, i can't see how our local efforts can get anywhere unless the national manufacturers step up and openly denounce this corporate takeover once and for all." "the individual anglers and local business owners are being denied opportunity, and i hope the federal trade representatives are willing to get onboard with their support of real small-town values," donofrio said, adding that ocean conservancy and edf combined received more than million in walton family foundation grants in . edf: rfa is 'just wrong' tom lalley, communications director for the oceans program, environmental defense fund, responded to rfa's release by claiming, "rfa s contention that the contribution in question was made by wal-mart is just wrong." "the contribution was made by the walton family fund and not wal-mart," he told "these are two different entities. there is no connection between the two other than the fact that the fund s money comes from private holdings of the same waltons who started and managed wal-mart, but none of the money comes from the existing company. so it was the family, and specifically the family s foundation, that made a contribution for sustainable fishing and ocean conservation, and not the store." "that's b.s.," martin said, responding to lalley's statement. "the foundation money is wal-mart money sheltered from taxation to push the walton's family agenda." "mr. lalley is putting a false spin on this issue," added donofio. "the fact is that the walton family's money comes from the profits on the wal-mart stores that they founded. the waltons are still in the top management tier of the company." commercial fishermen join recreational anglers in denouncing wal-mart and walton family foundation zeke grader, executive director of the pacific coast federation of fishermen's associations pcffa , praised the rfa for criticizing the walton family's contributions to ocean privatization efforts and welcomed the organization's call for a wal-mart boycott. "wal-mart is wrong on this issue, just as it has been in the past on labor and community issues," said grader. "the privatization of public trust resources is the antithesis of conservation." "i've been boycotting wal-mart for decades and it's absolutely great that recreational and commercial fishermen are together on this," noted grader. it is worth noting that conservation international and the nature conservancy, the two top recipients of walton family foundation funds, are known throughout the world for their top-down "environmental" programs that run roughshod over local communities to achieve their corporate greenwashing goals. the nature conservancy in california is a strong backer of state and federal plans to build a peripheral canal or tunnel to export more sacramento-san joaquin river delta water to corporate agribusiness and southern california water agencies. canal opponents, including recreational anglers, commercial fishermen, delta residents, family farmers and california indian tribes, believe the construction of the canal would result in the extinction of central valley steelhead, sacramento river chinook salmon, delta smelt, longfin smelt and other imperiled fish populations. about the recreational fishing alliance: the recreational fishing alliance is a national, grassroots political action organization representing recreational fishermen and the recreational fishing industry on marine fisheries issues. the rfa mission is to safeguard the rights of saltwater anglers, protect marine, boat and tackle industry jobs, and ensure the long-term sustainability of our nation's saltwater fisheries. for more information, call 888-join-rfa or visit mlpa initiative background: the marine life protection act mlpa is a law, signed by governor gray davis in , designed to create a network of marine protected areas off the california coast. however, governor arnold schwarzenegger in created the privately-funded mlpa "initiative" to "implement" the law, effectively eviscerating the mlpa. the "marine protected areas" created under the mlpa initiative fail to protect the ocean from oil spills and drilling, water pollution, military testing, wave and wind energy projects, corporate aquaculture and all other uses of the ocean other than fishing and gathering. the mlpa blue ribbon task forces that oversaw the implementation of "marine protected areas" included a big oil lobbyist, marina developer, real estate executive and other individuals with numerous conflicts of interest. catherine reheis boyd, the president of the western states petroleum association who is pushing for new oil drilling off the california coast, served as the chair of the mlpa blue ribbon task force for the south coast. the mlpa initiative operated through a controversial private public "partnership funded by the shadowy resources legacy fund foundation. the schwarzenegger administration, under intense criticism by grassroots environmentalists, fishermen and tribal members, authorized the implementation of marine protected areas under the initiative through a memorandum of understanding mou between the foundation and the california department of fish and game dfg . tribal members, fishermen, grassroots environmentalists, human rights advocates and civil liberties activists have slammed the mlpa initiative for the violation of numerous state, federal and international laws. critics charge that the initiative, privatized by governor arnold schwarzenegger in , has violated the bagley-keene open meetings act, brown act, california administrative procedures act, american indian religious freedom act and un declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples. mlpa and state officials refused to appoint any tribal scientists to the mlpa science advisory team sat , in spite of the fact that the yurok tribe alone has a fisheries department with over staff members during the peak fishing season, including many scientists. the mlpa blue ribbon task force also didn't include any tribal representatives until when one was finally appointed to the panel.
__label__non_math	0.9998	san diego chargers' head coach marty schottenheimer, shown in , hailed the chiefs' hiring of andy reid as "spectacular." denis poroy, ap marty schottenheimer thinks his former team has hit a home run in landing andy reid to take over the kansas city chiefs. "i think it's a spectacular choice," schottenheimer told usa today sports on friday, with the chiefs on the verge of signing reid - dumped monday by the philadelphia eagles - as their new coach. "i honestly think it's important to get a guy who's done it, who's been there. he's got the dna for putting together successful teams, and he was able to sustain success over a long period of time." like schottenheimer, reid won a lot of games but could never quite get over the hump and win a super bowl. during a -year tenure with the eagles, reid posted a 140-102-record and advanced to five nfc title games. but his final philadelphia team finished -, and he failed to produce a playoff berth the past two seasons. now he's charged with turning around a franchise that comes off a -season and earned one playoff berth in six seasons. barring a snag in finalizing what is expected to be a multi-year contract, the chiefs are expected to formally introduce reid at a press conference on monday, a person with knowledge of the arrangements told usa today sports. as talks with reid progressed, the chiefs announced the firing of general manager scott pioli on friday morning. that move makes it extremely likely that reid's package will include authority over personnel decisions, as he had in philadelphia. reid canceled interviews with the arizona cardinals and san diego chargers to chose the chiefs. "he's got a hell of a lot of work to do," schottenheimer said. "at the end of the day, it all comes down to your ability to be trustworthy and be able to address issues in a controlled, frank way. i'm excited for the chiefs." schottenheimer said he talked to chiefs owner and ceo clark hunt on multiple occasions during the process, including a conversation this week. he would not characterize his role as a consultant, but in retirement, he has been a resource for the franchise's owner, stemming from a long association with the hunt family. clark's late father, lamar, founded the chiefs and was the team's owner when schottenheimer produced seven playoff berths during seasons as coach from to . "i definitely didn't have anything to do with the decision," schottenheimer said. "but i gave my opinions." schottenheimer believes the chiefs job is attractive because of the organizational structure and ownership, in addition to a small-market community that has long demonstrated rabid support for the chiefs that is reminiscent of that for a college team. "i think the chiefs have some very talented young players," schottenheimer said. "they obviously have to look at what to do with the quarterback position, but there's a great opportunity that lies in front of them." the quarterback position is a big "if," with matt cassel, brady quinn and ricki stanzi on the roster. but at least reid can start his new job while owning the no. pick in the draft. read the original story: marty schottenheimer hails andy reid hiring as 'spectacular'
__label__non_math	1.0000	no sanjay in salman khan s bigg boss salman khan is keeping his commitment to host yet another season albeit his busy schedule. last year, sanjay dutt had co-hosted it but this time around salman will take on te stage and the contestants solo. sanjay dutt was roped in because salman could make his appearance only in some episodes for medical reasons and also due to his film shoot. even though salman is presently shooting in thailand for ek tha tiger with katrina kaif, the makers have already sounded him on being part of the new season as well. he has agreed to host it. he alone will be the host for the sixth season, informed a source. sources close to the channel state, a dance reality show, which has madhuri dixit, karan johar and remo fernandes as judges, will go on air first followed by a talent hunt show. only then will bigg boss air. last year the show was televised from october and juhi parmar took home the prize money. since salman loves the show s concept and several of his family members are avid viewers, he has apparently stated that he would take time out for it. speculation has been raised about him hosting the show considering a busy date diary, it appears the star will return after all to the small screen later in the year. about the author
__label__non_math	0.9954	about the author : homer has contributed to homere odyssee as an author. william f. wyatt is professor of classics, brown university. is the biggest online bookstore in india for sale of books at best price - fiction, literature, audiobooks, study guides, novels, story books, rare books, textbooks and books by popular authors. these are available in various editions and bindings e.g. paperback and at best discount. safe secure shopping
__label__non_math	0.9988	one of the most esteemed car auctions of the world held annually by gooding company in the u.s. in the pebble beach concourse d'elegance. concourse d elegance has become a valuable barometer for the collectible-car market. according to the report, a bugatti type 37sc atalante coupe brought a record value at the gooding company's annual pebble beach auction in california. it was the most expensive car ever sold in the united states which was auctioned for .million. it was the highest price ever paid for an automobile in the united states. however, bugatti type 37sc atalante coupe wasn't the most expensive car in the world. that honor belongs to a ferrari 250 gt swb california spyder which was sold for .million. the production year marks bugatti type 37sc atalante coupe it as one of the original cars produced by bugatti brand. the original bugatti company was founded in in molshelm, france as a manufacturer of high performance automobiles. the original company is fabled for producing some of the most exclusive and fastest cars in the world. however, brand failed with the coming of world war ii. it struggled a lot and released last model in . finally it closed its doors in and sold for manufacturing airplane parts rather than automobiles. eventually, the bugatti name was reunified with the auto industry and today, it is owned by volkswagen ag who have revived it as a builder of limited production exclusive sport cars. thus, bugatti now graces a limited line of luxury autos from volkswagen group. image official credit website:
__label__non_math	0.9995	this era brought a prestigious client le to the town and hence considerably developed its architecture, elegant buildings, casinos and palaces that today form the towns reputation. in , biarritz welcomes its first surfers from the european continent and today has become a renowned "surfers paradise" thanks to its long sandy beaches and mild climate all year round. our prime objective is to work on the practice of the language using oral expression, enabling the person to rapidly communicate in everyday situations. the training follows the contents and progression of a manual french as a foreign language for adults, to which we add authentic material to help get a better understanding of the social and cultural aspects of the language. our methods are above all interactive and communicative. the programs are carefully structured but sufficiently flexible to allow each person to progress according to their level and learning pace. our school offers the european credit transfer system, credits that certify the level of competence acquired in the french language. also, all students receive our school's certificate of attendance indicating the level of french they have acquired at the end of their program. we offer you courses at levels, from complete beginners to advanced levels officially defined by the council of europe . we teach in small groups of to adults maximum per class allowing individual attention and the opportunity for each person to actively participate during the lessons. our courses duration is minimum week for private and combined tuition and minimum weeks for group courses. each lesson lasts minutes. most programs can be started on any monday, except for beginners and advanced levels. - lessons standard course: this is a general french group course that takes place entirely during the morning. designed for all levels, starts every monday and lasts from weeks with no time limit. it also provides enough time to participate in the cultural activities organized by bls and discover the region. - or lessons intensive course: the same core program as our standard course in the morning and the afternoon lessons are based on the discovery of france and the french through communicative and creative skills. lessons or lessons per week, from elementary to intermediate levels. courses start every monday and lasts minimum weeks. intensive course for those seeking to maximize the amount of french they can learn per week. - combined course: a personalized and flexible course which provides the opportunity, during the afternoon private lessons, to study a specific subject or focus on any given aspect of the french language that the person wishes to perfect phonetics, grammar, written oral expression . lessons in a group private lessons in the afternoon for all levels. courses starts every monday and lasts minimum week. you can obtain both advantages of the interactivity of a group and personalized attention from the private tuition - private tuition: together with us, the participant will define his her objectives to create an individual program adapted to his her level and learning pace. this course has to lessons per week and it is designed for all levels. starts every monday and lasts minimum of week. this is a extremely flexible course that caters perfectly to individual needs - duo course: a customized, lively program for two people of the same level in french: work colleagues, friends, family members, couples. this course has to lessons per week for all levels and starts every monday. this minimum week course offers all the advantages of private instruction at a cost-effective price. - course at the teacher's home: a totally different way of learning french, the person will be invited by the family to integrate their lifestyle while constantly speaking french. consequently, the learning process is working not only during the private lessons but also during meals or participating in the family s activities leisure time is to be defined with the family . its success is mostly due to its flexibility and the fact it adapts to such a wide range of people and requirements this course has , or lessons per week for all levels. courses start every monday and guarantees full immersion and an excellent way to gain an insight into the french lifestyle and culture - prolang: french language course and internship training placement: this intensive program applies to all students who wish to improve their linguistic and cultural abilities, through a direct contact within a french company and a language course. this french language course enables the student to develop his knowledge and skills in communication, both oral and written. it consists of general french courses at our school for a minimum of weeks plus intermediate to advanced levels and from to weeks of internship training. - internship training placement in a french company: students have the potential of being placed in companies and sectors such as tourism, marketing, advertising... they are invited to integrate a french professional structure and to get involved with its daily running, to re-explore their own linguistic acquisitions and to be confronted with the realities of french companies. the internships are not paid. a three-way agreement setting out the rules of the internal training will be signed between the director of our school, the company and the trainee. we need to receive the enrollment form at least months prior to the beginning of the internal training. - the french surf program: the french surf program consists of morning french lessons at our school plus lessons of surf in the afternoon at "la c te des basques". courses last from monday to friday. this course takes place over a minimum of two weeks, with one and a half hours of training per day from monday to friday only in the afternoons after the french morning class . our aim is to introduce you or to improve your surfing technique in a unique setting. the surfing training course is organized from late march till end of october. our surfing program takes place mostly at the plage des basques which offers several types of high quality beach breakers but also waves more adapted to surfers at the initial learning level. we limit the lessons to participants and our teacher is pol plantec, a highly skilled surfer who created the hastea surfing school, other state qualified teachers may also replace him. you will receive a training adapted to your aptitudes and objectives. all materials are furnished by the school wet suits or shorts, boards . should weather conditions force us to use other beaches, the school will organize transport. - the french golf program: the french golf program consists of morning french lessons at our school lessons of golf in the afternoon at "golf d'ilbarritz". our aim is to improve your style and technique in a unique setting. courses last from monday to friday. this course takes place over a minimum of two weeks, with two hours of golf training per day from monday to friday only in the afternoons after the morning french tuition at our school . the golf training course is organized throughout the year at set dates: january, january, february, march, april, may, june, july, august, september, october, november, december. our golf program takes place at the golf of ilbaritz, a magnificent hole course situated in an exceptional setting between sea and mountain. we limit the lessons to participants and our teacher is michael magher ex-professional , who created and runs the american golf school , another qualified teacher may also replace him. your training program is personalized and takes into account your ability and objectives. it is aimed at people of all golfing levels. - the french thallaso program: the french thalasso program consists of morning french lessons at our school afternoon thalasso sessions meal at the sofitel miramar restaurant. this course takes place over a minimum of week, in the beautiful premises of accor thalassa center. thalasso is a uniquely french seaside treatment that has become one of biarritz's classic experiences. based on the healing benefits of the ocean, it uses a variety of saltwater, mud and seaweed treatments to clear the pores and the mind. you will leave biarritz with your sens of wellbeing fully restrored. - host family accommodation in biarritz and area: our accommodation officer rigorously selects each of our families and spends a great deal of time matching the person to the right family, which is why we appreciate as much information as possible regarding: personality, likes and dislikes. we have host families of all ages and social backgrounds, but they all have one thing in common, their hospitality and friendliness generally, there are one or two students of different nationalities per family, except during the summer period when this cannot be guaranteed. accommodation is from sunday prior to starting date of the course until saturday or sunday after the end of the course. please do not forget to send us full travel arrangements at least weeks before arrival. please note that in july and august, host family accommodation is sometimes subject to availability. host family accommodation breakfast dinner on week days all meals on weekends : per day. students aged till are hosted on a full board basis packed lunch in the week in twin rooms only apartment renting studio for to persons : from september to june, 150 to 315 per week or 480 to 840 per month. in july and august, 370 to 680 per week or to per month. apartment for to persons: from september to june, 210 to 420 per week or 640 to per month. in july and august, 470 to 780 per week or to per month. daily tax , person day. the price for the sheets is from to . accommodation sharing is an ideal compromise for those who do not wish to stay with a host family or find themselves alone in a residence-apartment. the accommodation is shared with a french person and possibly one other foreign student. price: between 300 and 450 per month. email it to a friend: click here to email this vacation to a friend
__label__non_math	1.0000	you will love the way twist and clip it holds your hair all day. it is super easy to use. just twist it, spread and clip, you re done. slide twist and clip and lock it like a bobbie pin. it adjusts to every hair thickness. works on thin and thick hair. style your hair different everyday. great for any special occasions. look great amazing new hair styling tool. one for virtually every hair color, so it s almost invisible. style your hair a different way everyday. great for school, office or play. get ready fast and look good. the twist n click package includes:
__label__non_math	1.0000	infoplease.com welcomes comments and suggestions from its users. thanks for your interest in our site. to contact us electronically, please fill out the form below. to contact us via postal mail, use the following address: information please, pearson education 501 boylston st., suite 900 boston, ma usa
__label__non_math	1.0000	in the land of women description: aspiring writer carter webb has just been dumped by his true love sophia. heartbroken and depressed, he escapes los angeles to suburban michigan to care for his ailing grandmother and to start work on a book he has always wanted to write. soon after his arrival, carter stumbles into the lives of the family across the street: sarah hardwicke, the mother of two daughters; paige, a precocious, effervescent -year old; and her older sister, lucy, an angst-ridden teenager. while sarah faces her own personal crisis, lucy wrestles with her own fears. through his relationships with all of these women, carter discovers that what felt like the end was really just the beginning of something else. movie summaries and listings powered by cinema-source related content on movies from infoplease:
__label__non_math	1.0000	punch wan d'ghi description: -year old wan-deuk comes from a poor family and his grades in school are equally poor. he is rebellious and troubled student, but unrivalled when it comes to fistfights. wan-deuk's life takes a turn when he gets to know his annoying and weird teacher dong-joo. dong-joo gradually changes from an enemy to a friend as the two get to know each other. learning to express his anger at the world by taking on kickboxing, the unlikely hero experiences emotional growth and what it means to have a dream. movie summaries and listings powered by cinema-source related content on movies from infoplease:
__label__math	0.9747	nosql oodb with smalltalk-based ruby vm: maglev .released maglev .has been released: maglev is a ruby vm built on gemstone s, a bit smalltalk vm. but maglev is much more than a ruby vm, it comes with a mature nosql data store, from the website: maglev vm takes full advantage of gemstone s jit to native code performance, distributed shared cache, fully acid transactions, and enterprise class nosql data management capabilities to provide a robust and durable programming platform. it can transparently manage a much larger amount terabytes of data and code than will fit in memory. infoq caught up with monty williams of vmware gemstone was bought by vmware to talk about maglev .. infoq: where does maglev fit in the current nosql spectrum? - i don't think of maglev only as a ruby vm that has an integrated nosql database. i think of maglev as a nosql database that uses ruby for its data manipulation language. - the one thing i don't think people have wrapped their heads around is maglev provides a "single object space". nothing has to be sent retrieved to from a separate db. all your code is executed "in the database." you don't even need to keep track of which objects have been modified so you can flush them to disk. maglev handles that automatically. - you can store any ruby object, even procs, lambdas, threads, continuations. here is an example of stopping, copying, saving, and restarting threads in a different vm than they originated in. - maglev persistence is akin to image persistence, i.e. objects are persisted to disk in the same format they are in shared cache. you don't need to marshal them or convert them to json or another format. - maglev transactions are acid, which means that multiple vm's can interact with the same repository and share state, objects, and code while maintaining referential integrity. - when you start a new maglev vm, code loaded by another vm is likely to still be in the cache. so loading requiring it can be quite fast. infoq: is there support for maglev on vmware's cloud offerings? not at present. we prototyped it back in august, and would like to see it happen, but it depends on demand. infoq: what's the ruby language support status, ..? what's the plan for .? ..for now, since that's the most stable platform. .was too much of a moving target to get it into .. whether we do .also depends on demand. infoq: is there any ffi or native extension support? both ffi and native extension support are built in. neither will run everything mri does. maglev has a memory-compacting gc, which requires native code to be somewhat "well behaved". the restrictions and how to work around them are described in infoq: what's the threading concurrency story for maglev? maglev uses green threads. however, maglev has a shared, transactional object space, so there is a scalable built-in model for parallelism across maglev vms. since all connected maglev vms see the same objects, maglev can have thousands of truly parallel threads running on the same pile of objects. infoq: maglev uses the mit license, what's the licensing situation for the underlying gemstone s vm? just to clarify, the ruby and smalltalk code we wrote for maglev is mit licensed. the ruby library and other open source components we used are licensed differently. see esp. the readme. infoq: is there a limited free version and a commercial version of maglev or are all free of charge? there will always be a free version. the only limit is a 2gb shared cache, e.g. it doesn't limit the amount of data you can store, only the amount that can be cached in shared memory. infoq: in short: if i use maglev, will i have to pay: never, sometimes, always? you only need to pay if you want support, or you want more cache. infoq: how does maglev relate to your smalltalk and seaside solutions? both use the same jit, bytecode loop, cache, and persistence provided by gemstone s. the underlying vm will run both ruby and smalltalk code so you can also run seaside on a maglev vm. installing maglev is simple with rvm: rvm install maglev rvm use maglev
__label__non_math	0.9627	weblogic 12c taking java ee to the cloud at the beginning of december, oracle released weblogic server 12c, succeeding version 11g, which was first released in july . the new version of weblogic is the first release of the application server to fully support the java ee standard, originally approved in december . in addition, weblogic server 12c is a key part of oracle's entire cloud strategy, and is the recommended application server infrastructure for oracle exalogic elastic cloud. whilst a number of other vendors offer java ee web profile support, oracle's plans for its public cloud are more extensive. "our target for delivering java ee support via oracle weblogic server 12c in the oracle public cloud is calendar year , and that will include support for ejb .", vice president of development at oracle, cameron purdy, told us. "while support for jms is planned for the oracle public cloud, we have not yet announced when it will be supported." one of the stated themes of java ee is cloud support, so we asked purdy how suitable java ee was as a basis for cloud deployment one of the key themes of oracle weblogic server 12c is supporting mission critical, large-scale cloud deployments. oracle weblogic server 12c is unique in that it can be used in conventional data center infrastructures to deliver a private cloud solution, it is the centerpiece of oracle exalogic elastic cloud oracle's hardware and software engineered system delivering a highly optimized and efficient, on-premise, out of the box cloud solution, and finally is the underlying infrastructure of the oracle public cloud. specifically to the question, platform-as-a-service paas cloud infrastructures require a minimal set of components in order to host applications effectively. these include a lightweight and standards-based java server, a java framework for building cloud applications, an in-memory data grid for caching and clustering, elasticity to adjust to workload variations, integrated traffic management to route traffic throughout the elastic infrastructure, virtualization for optimal use of server resources, and simple provisioning typically via self-service interfaces. frequently this type of cloud solution is paired with an infrastructure-as-a-service iaas solution to complete the offering. oracle weblogic server 12c provides these core components: - on the subject of development frameworks, java ee is the lightest-weight, most productive java ee release ever, with new technologies such as cdi, ejb .lite, managed beans and jax-rs. while the advances in java ee mean that third party development frameworks are no longer required, oracle weblogic server 12c includes updated, out of the box, support for the most popular of these frameworks, easing the move to java ee for existing applications. - built into oracle weblogic server 12c is the oracle coherence in-memory data grid imdg for distributed caching to enable predictable, high-performance scale out, while being fully managed and operated from oracle weblogic server itself. this provides a unique high performance, predictable and elastic in-memory data grid for cloud deployments of weblogic server. - for messaging, oracle weblogic server provides a high-performance, enterprise-grade java messaging service infrastructure, including in-memory, file, database and oracle aq providers, advanced capabilities like unit-of-order, unit-of-work, bridging infrastructure for external messaging integration, and store-and-forward support. our customers have found these capabilities to be critical to deliver cloud-scale messaging. - for efficient, elastic and transparent traffic management, which has become a core requirement in highly virtualized cloud infrastructures, oracle traffic director is delivered as part of the oracle exalogic elastic cloud and weblogic server 12c release. - with the recent release of oracle enterprise manager 12c, which is integrated with oracle weblogic server 12c, a complete, integrated and virtualization-aware provisioning and self-service solution is part of the weblogic server 12c cloud solution. these are the same capabilities that customers can use today to build a private cloud on their conventional hardware in their data centers. these are the same capabilities that can be used by our customers to create a highly optimized cloud infrastructure on oracle exalogic elastic cloud. and finally, these are the same capabilities that are being used as the basis for our own oracle public cloud at cloud.oracle.com. ultimately, many of the things that we learn from working with our customers and delivering our own public cloud will be fed back into the java ee working groups that are actively creating java ee . as one would expect, before something becomes standardized, the industry and our community like to see the concepts successfully implemented in order to ascertain their viability. oracle's delivery of the oracle public cloud and oracle exalogic elastic cloud based on oracle weblogic server shows that this is possible with java ee and and provides field-tested, real-world input for java ee and its standardization process. as purdy notes, weblogic includes a number of features over and above the java ee standard, such as active gridlink for rac real application clusters virtual assembly builder: designed for rapid system provisioning and configuration - traffic director: a layer software load balancer which allows developers and administrators to balance the flow of internal packets from the database, the message queue, or anywhere else in the stack, and ensure that those packets are evenly distributed across a weblogic server cluster. traffic director is also tied into intel's chipsets so that the system can offload cryptography duties to the cpu, thereby speeding up the entire load-balancing process, by as much as three-to-four-times, according to purdy. purdy told us: in broad strokes, the "outside the specification" work generally focuses on these themes: simpler deployment and management, developer productivity, and the perennial focus on performance, reliability, availability, and scalability. one of the first items that we'd like to highlight outside of the java ee specification is the ability to seamlessly upgrade from oracle weblogic server 11g; this is critical for the many thousands of existing customers and users on that version. also, oracle weblogic server now supports glassfish web application deployment descriptors, making it even simpler for an application developed on glassfish to be deployed to oracle weblogic server. regarding performance and scalability, which is always a focus area for oracle weblogic server, the integration with oracle real application clusters rac offers a vast improvement over the original multi-datasource implementation. the new gridlink data source capability is rac-aware, and offers significantly better performance and runtime connection load balancing. for example, when an application needs a new connection, the underlying notification service is already actively monitoring how load is spread across the database cluster, and thus enables the optimal rac node to be chosen for the new connection. available with weblogic on the oracle exalogic elastic cloud platform, oracle traffic director otd provides highly-available, extreme-performance traffic shaping and routing capabilities, along with dynamically configurable caching, load-balancing and high-performance proxy support for http-based applications running on oracle weblogic server and oracle fusion middleware. oracle traffic director can deliver a three-to-four-times performance boost for applications running on oracle weblogic server and oracle fusion middleware, compared to traditional web-based architectures, thanks to the optimizations included in our oracle exalogic elastic cloud engineered system, such as full hardware acceleration for ssl and dynamic compression using intel's new advanced encryption set and integrated performance primitives. oracle also makes great play of how the integration between oracle weblogic server and oracle real application clusters helps in terms of reliability and availability for example, oracle weblogic server automatically detects and attempts to compensate for failures, since oracle weblogic server is aware of database node availability in real time. it load-balances more intelligently and with less possibility for outage. many of our customers already rely on oracle goldengate or oracle active data guard for database high availability, and now oracle weblogic server can re-use these same facilities to provide high availability for java ee applications across data centers. by storing transaction logs, jms messages and other application data in the oracle database, oracle weblogic server leverages a simple, robust, well-known and widely implemented disaster recovery architecture. this all works in concert with the other capabilities we've described, such as active gridlink. given the steep pricing differential between weblogic which is around ,900 in annual support , and glassfish which is free, but an oracle supported version is ,100 in yearly maintenance fees we asked purdy when he would choose weblogic over glassfish. first, it s important to put this into context: purchasing enterprise software isn't like buying a drink from a vending machine. customers often have an existing, long-term relationship with oracle, and tend to purchase a large number of licenses for a number of different products, allowing them to aggregate their buying power across departments and divisions, which translates to a lower cost-per-unit. oracle also has a number of programs specifically designed to help small-to-medium sized businesses and start-ups gain lower-cost access to our enterprise offerings. secondly, over a period of time even as small as -years, the license cost of enterprise software becomes a relatively small part of the overall cost of the system. as one example, a recent study showed that oracle weblogic server cost less than jboss over a five-year period. that means that anything that reduces the cost of operation over time will have a dramatically larger impact in reducing the overall cost of the system. for example, oracle weblogic server tends to require fewer servers to support a given amount of load, and for a given number of servers, it requires significantly fewer administrators to operate and maintain those servers. there are many thousands of companies that purchase oracle weblogic server because having considered their options oracle weblogic server saves them huge amounts of money compared to using "free" software. as you note in your question, oracle glassfish server is a commercial offering of glassfish open source edition. glassfish serves several purposes including being the basis for the reference implementation of java ee as well as being hugely popular with java developers. glassfish continues to be a cornerstone of the java ee community, and we're incredibly proud of its adoption, the way that it has continued to drive the java ee platform forward, the vibrancy of the community that has grown up around it, and the choice that it has provided to our customers. oracle weblogic server is used far more frequently in production enterprise application infrastructure, due to a significant number of essential enterprise features many of which i've already covered as part of the weblogic server 12c release. keep in mind that weblogic server 12c is based on the same hardened, secure, reliable, highly available, scalable and performance-proven application server infrastructure that customers have been running in large-scale enterprise deployments for over a decade furthermore, oracle weblogic server's new continuous availability architecture, that uses disaster recovery dr integration with the database, allows our customers to quickly roll out continuous availability solutions at a fraction of the cost of previous approaches. for developers, what is new and interesting in oracle weblogic server 12c in addition to the java ee full profile compliance is the litany of features designed to make the developer experience extremely fast, lightweight and agile. these include capabilities like direct apache maven integration for dependency management, a lightweight zip distribution almost 6x smaller than the full deployment platform distribution and certification and integration with java se . in addition to all these characteristics, oracle weblogic server is the platform that oracle fusion middleware, oracle fusion applications and the entire portfolio of oracle applications depend on as their enterprise java server. if and when customers require other components of oracle fusion middleware or oracle fusion applications, oracle weblogic server is generally the default choice due to the tight, out of the box integration. oracle weblogic server also incorporates specific optimizations for the exalogic elastic cloud that dramatically increase performance and reliability as part of oracle's engineered systems approach. lastly, oracle weblogic server provides the infrastructure for the java service in the oracle public cloud, making it possible for our weblogic customers to move easily among their own infrastructure, our exalogic engineered systems, and the oracle public cloud. all in all, most customers adopt oracle weblogic server for their enterprise-scale java applications, both for the developer and enterprise deployment features. finally, given that it has taken close on two years for oracle to produce a java ee compliant version of weblogic, we asked purdy if he felt that reflected declining importance of the platform? oracle has really taken its stewardship of the java platform very seriously, and has benefited significantly with the technical talent that joined oracle from sun. i'd like to point out that oracle was the first to market with java ee over two years ago would we rather have had this release done two years ago? of course as for the reasons that this particular release is later than we desired, that has much more to do with our work to integrate oracle weblogic server fully into oracle fusion middleware, following the bea acquisition, than any reflection on the value of the platform. many of the features that we have announced over the past year or so including some of the great features of this oracle weblogic server 12c release, like active gridlink for rac have taken many person-years of development to create. creating tight integration with our management tools and other infrastructure has also been a huge investment, but it's one that our customers have clearly seen the value in, and we are glad to have successfully completed these efforts. the java ee platform itself has dramatically increased in importance in oracle's view, particularly in our vision for creating a seamless path for application developers moving to the cloud. java ee itself vastly increased developer community interest, and in many ways exceeded its goals as a modern, standards-based, and lightweight platform. in fact, java ee versions and almost completely reversed the "heavyweight" label that had dogged earlier versions of java ee. as you can see by oracle's investment in the stewardship of java most recently reflected by the launch of java se this past summer and the hugely successful javaone we continue to invest in the java platform heavily, and to work closely and cooperatively with the industry and the community in order to create a platform that is far more successful than any of us could create alone. we believe java ee, as an area of cooperation across our industry and as a standard, is critical to the forward momentum of cloud in the industry, and to avoid customer lock-in into proprietary cloud programming models. we clearly see java ee as a fertile ground for standardizing the many innovations we and others in this industry are pioneering in the cloud, so that our enterprise customers have productive, robust, standards-based enterprise infrastructure, designed for the cloud. oracle weblogic server 12c is currently supported on eclipse via the oracle enterprise pack and the netbeans ide, with oracle jdeveloper support coming later in . more information, including a download, are available here.
__label__non_math	1.0000	even at facebook, business intelligence is not viral rather than relying on social collaboration, facebook had to bombard impatient employees with specialized training so they would recognize and use the business intelligence tools available in their internal, microstrategy-based portal. facebook prides itself on being a data-driven company, but when kathleen pedersen, a business operations specialist for the company, traveled to a regional office in dublin, ireland, managers there complained of being starved for the information they needed to do their jobs. "one manager told me, 'i desperately need that--i feel like i'm driving a speedboat in the dark,' " pedersen recounted in a presentation at the microstrategy world user conference this week. she soon learned that all the information these people needed was available in a business intelligence portal, known internally as nexus, built on microstrategy's tools. yet people weren't aware of it or didn't know how to use it. - core systems modernization: harnessing the power of rules-based policy administration - the oracle insurance survey: overcoming it hurdles to success - strategy: passwords don't work. now what? - strategy: smartphone smackdown: galaxy note ii vs. lumia 920 vs. iphone although pedersen had come to tell a success story about winning over those users, her tale proves that even one of the most celebrated technology companies in the world isn't immune to technology adoption challenges. at a time when social business and social software advocates are arguing that bringing a little "facebook inside your company" will improve communication and collaboration, pedersen's story shows that social collaboration is no cure-all. in theory, facebook employees who discovered the value of nexus might have spread the word through their internal social network resulting in 'viral' adoption of the bi tools. in practice, that didn't happen until after facebook and consultants from microstrategy instituted a relatively traditional training program. puzzling over the implications of facebook timeline? see facebook timeline: will it benefit your business? this was a conference at which microstrategy ceo michael saylor enthused about the potential of facebook as the ultimate database of wealth and power and bi as a cloud service. the facebook presentation was part of a track of sessions devoted to the intersection of bi and social media. yet it was really much more of a story about enterprise technology adoption than it was about doing business with social tools. of course, it was also an excuse for microstrategy to brag about having facebook as a customer. facebook has its own sophisticated big-data analytics system based on hive, an open-source technology facebook invented that works with apache hadoop. extracts from hive needed for day-to-day business analytics are loaded into an oracle database, along with business and financial data, and made available for reports and ad-hoc queries through microstrategy. pedersen said she originally thought she would have to use some of the company's "more technical tools," but her superiors in california directed to tell the dublin employees that all the information they needed was readily available in the microstrategy system, nexus. "that's when they laughed at me. they said, 'we don't use nexus--the data's not accurate,' " pedersen said. when she investigated further, however, "i found the data was fine--it was perfect, in fact--they just didn't know how to use nexus," she said. meanwhile, microstrategy had assigned technical trainer katarzyna rezanko-prajs to help facebook drive broader adoption of its business intelligence tools. "i heard that the users had the most wonderful tools and web apps in place, reports and dashboards in place, but they don't know how to use them," she said.
__label__non_math	1.0000	welcome guest. please login or register. whether it's your first bonnaroo or you re a music festival veteran, we welcome you to inforoo. here you'll find info about artists, rumors, camping tips, and the infamous roo clues. have a look around then create an account and join in the fun. see you at bonnaroo in
__label__non_math	1.0000	post by bansheebeat on :gmt - i really really don't like mumford. but they will bring all the "trendy" girls. so i'm on board. and if i can survive the crowd skrillex brought then i am okay with just about any crowd. the weather is going to suck after last year, but thinking back to every year previous it wont be a big deal. i guess that just leaves axl and wooks. music fuels us as we continue to conquer the battlefields of boredom and artistic freedom. if it moves you, go with it. to waste that moment is a tragedy-the pondo army movement follow me on twitter
__label__non_math	0.9997	inforum 101 5th street north, fargo, nd forum communications co.
__label__non_math	1.0000	electronic content with some fun and sun on the side: buying selling econtent , medford, new jersey from april , information today, inc., in conjunction with outsell, inc., hosted the 4th annual buying selling econtent conference at the camelback inn resort in scottsdale, arizona. this executive-level conference, which has grown in popularity and recognition every year, is now known as the must-attend event for leaders within the content industry drawing representatives from all the top companies. for three days, nearly 200 of the top buyers, sellers, and distributors of content in the electronic marketplace gathered to discuss and evaluate their business plans, strategies, and the future of their industry. the conference featured more than speakers detailing everything from industry outlooks to success stories. conference sessions and keynotes illuminated attendees on such topics as where how corporate content buying happens, lessons learned from ceos at the top, new business models for content publishers, and other intricacies of the content marketplace. the golf and tennis tournaments have become an integral part of the conference. generously sponsored by emeta, the tournaments gave attendees a chance to compete outside the business realm. congratulations to melissa kenton ebsco , charles alexander nstein , and cliff pierce proquest for their first place finish in the golf tournament, as well as to scott gordon onesource for beating out the rest of his tennis competitors with his monstrous serve. we couldn t be more pleased with how this year s buying selling econtent conference played out, said tom hogan, jr., marketing director, information today, inc. as more and more companies produce, utilize, and market electronic content, this conference has really become a staple as a place to learn from the best and make the right connections. i anticipate growth for this industry in the years to come and look forward to next year s for more information on next year s buying selling econtent please contact information today, inc. at 800 300- outside the u.s. call
__label__non_math	0.9996	remember when we thought google was a funny-sounding name? well, try "tesuji," a 100-percent open-source content management and search engine that s the official search engine for project gutenberg. tesuji "means the best move one can make in a given situation," according to the rules of the antique board game called "go," said anna tothfalusi, m.d., account manager. tesuji s product line features four solution tools: anacleto digital library, anacleto corporate, anacleto portal search, and anacleto document management. "we have chosen to concentrate on a few products to provide the maximum customization possible," she said. the site s graphics and press materials are some of the best around. company offices are in rome, hungary, and the united arab emirates editor in chief
__label__non_math	0.9999	motorola mobility, which has made the google android platform the centerpiece of its mobile technology strategy, has heard developer and customer concerns about android fragmentation and systems not all behaving the same. but the company sees variation as beneficial rather than a hindrance, a motorola mobility official said on tuesday. variation is seen as a value of android products, said christy wyatt, corporate vice president at motorola mobility, at the andevcon android developer conference in san mateo, calif. some customers, for example, love the features motorola puts in the droid smartphone family. but she acknowledged developer concerns. "managing differentiation against fragmentation is kind of a delicate balance," wyatt said. infoworld columnist galen gruman asks, can motorola's atrix 4g smartphone become your next pc? an example of differentiation developers face in motorola mobility's systems involves the xoom tablet and atrix 4g. released within a week of each other early this year, the systems use different interfaces for common features such as setting up email. testing and certification programs do a good job of keeping apis and implementations consistent, wyatt said. except for google experience devices, such as the xoom, motorola's devices launched beginning late last year have the same baseline of features, but there are some ui changes and customization from telecommunications operators, wyatt said. she encouraged developers to test applications across devices, although she added android is "smarter" about rendering on different screens. a developer at andevcon acknowledged differentiation in android systems. "different device manufacturers are modifying the android operating system to their liking," making such changes as modifying the ui, said marek szany, developer with eset, in slovakia. android itself features version ., for mobile devices, and ., or honeycomb, for tablets, he said. "we have to deal with fragmentation . we have no choice," he said. eset develops security applications for android systems, szany said. motorola mobility also does not see commoditization of android systems as a problem, wyatt said. there is variation between motorola mobility android systems and those of other vendors, she said. wyatt stressed motorola mobility's commitment to android, with the company basing its entire smartphone platform on android. "you don't enter into an ecosystem like android unless you are confident of your ability to compete," she said. but android still needs work as far as the ability to monetize applications. developers have said android needs improvements in functions like discovery and single-touch transactions, she said. also at the conference, black duck software announced availability of android fast start, a bundled software and service offering intended to help developers simplify the operational challenges of managing android projects. with fast start, black duck manages governance and compliance for android development. android is an open source project composed of more than 165 components, ,000 files, and 2gb of code under licenses, black duck said. this article, "motorola: why android fragmentation is good," was originally published at infoworld.com. follow the latest developments in business technology news and get a digest of the key stories each day in the infoworld daily newsletter. for the latest developments in business technology news, follow infoworld.com on twitter.
__label__non_math	0.9995	artist neeta madahar opens a new exhibition exploring the construction of female roles through portraiture and role play role play: neeta madahar madame yevonde opens on may at pm gallery and house and features a series of works, flora, by our artist of the week, neeta madahar. the works are inspired by the distinctive goddesses series by madame yevonde as madahar shares her interest in the construction of female roles. the artist invited seventeen female friends to pose as flora, the roman deity of flowering and fruit-bearing plants. the images produced are universal representations but also deeply personal reflections allowing the sitters to fashion their own idealised femininity. iniva, fabrica and photoworks commissioned madahar s first film, falling, in . in this film sycamore seeds tumble slowly toward the viewer in a dramatic moment that echoes naturally occuring phenomena yet enables the viewer to immerse themselves in stillness and intimate details. this ordinary scene is exposed in crystalline detail, albeit in an uncanny exaggerated form, reflecting on the dream-like temporality of nature and memory. madahar represents the physical world in unusual ways enabling the viewer to immerse themselves in stillness and intimate details. you can watch a clip of this film here. neeta madahar was part of iniva s atlas season of exhibitions and events that map ideas and experiences largely drawn from uncharted territory
__label__non_math	1.0000	inked - the magazine of pop culture and music for people that enjoy tattoo art or have tattoo designs on their bodies. celebrities like angelina jolie, brad pitt, pink, cary hart, ashlee simpson, marc jacobs, lily allen, rhianna, ed hardy, christian audigier, britney spears, christina agularia, lindsey lohan, samantha ronson, john mayer all have tattoos. tattoo designs and tattoo art is part of pop culture and tattoos appear on all most every body part, lower back tattoos, arm tattoos, chest tattoos, leg tattoos and more. tattoo art features beautiful designs of bird, fish, butterflies, koi, dogs, cats, skull, devil, script, calligraphy and are done in many different styles: kanji, old school traditional, tribal. tattoos can be color or black and grey. visit the inked art gallery if you're interested in buying or selling your tattoo art or go to our tattoo gallery and upload photos of your tattoos or browse 's of other tattoo designs. check out the inked girls to see sexy women with tattoos and beautiful inked girls.
__label__non_math	0.5554	nishikoi growth oz a high performance, colour-enhancing diet that is packed with the optimum level of highly digestible protein, to stimulate rapid growth, especially in small koi. our nutritionist's research has shown that highly digestible protien is the optimum level that should be fed at normal summer temperature providing excellent growth while maintaining well proportioned body shape. the highly digestible ingredients enable your fish to obtain the full benefit of the food consumed, keeping waste to a minimum. ingredients: wheat, wheatgerm and bran, maize gluten, soya, fish meal, animal protein, fish oil, spirulina, astaxanthin, canthaxanthine eec permitted colourants and antioxidants. analysis: protein , oil , ash , fiber . .
__label__non_math	0.9988	revo chasm sunglasses .ups ground shipping - limited time special the chasm sunglasses from revo feature lightweight nylon frames, with revo polarcast serilium lenses. the lenses feature both hydrophobic and anti-reflective lens coatings. revo creates these frames using their re-use system with motion fit technology. all revo lenses are polarized, provide uva and uvb protection, and are distortion free.
__label__non_math	0.9999	try your search again using these tips: - double check the spelling. try varying the spelling. - limit the search to one or two words. - be less specific in your wording. sometimes a more general term will lead you to the similar products.
__label__math	0.7337	i often refer to aaa for discounts on hyatt hotel rates and other hotels but another good option is costco. costco has its own travel agency, costco travel. like aaa, membership at costco is required in order to get the numerous discounts and deals. when you re making a reservation for hyatt, enter the code costco in the special offer code box. the standard hyatt discount is percent, which is equivalent to the aaa discount, but every once in awhile there will be some extra goodies added on. book a reservation by and you ll also get complimentary breakfast for two guests at participating hotels. your stay must occur between july and .
__label__math	0.7757	700 s main st st. charles , mo laroserie offers antiques, vintage items, architectural d cor, decorative lighting, original artwork, florals, jewelry, pottery, one of a kind items photography. something for everyone. come see for yourself last updated on at : pages are automatically kept current by the users of the
__label__non_math	0.9786	myblog -may ' -click here to read a short bio of insaner- current blog tuesday, learning vocabulary with insaner: tchotchke pronounced choch-kee are small toys, gewgaws, knickknacks, baubles, lagniappes, trinkets, or kitsch. the term has a connotation of worthlessness or disposability, as well as tackiness, and has long been used by jewish-americans and in the regional speech of new york city. the word may also refer to swag, in the sense of the logo pens, key fobs, and other promotional freebies dispensed at trade shows, conventions, and similar large events. also, stores that sell cheap souvenirs in tourist areas like times square, venice beach, and the abc stores in hawaii are sometimes called "tchotchke shops." leo rosten, author of the joys of yiddish, gives an alternate sense of tchotchke as meaning a desirable young girl, a "pretty young thing." less flatteringly, the term could be construed as a more dismissive synonym for "bimbo." these usages are not common outside of jewish circles. when i learn, you learn.. cuz am da best mane, ah deed it on on a lighter note.. saw this on tv.. soo funny watch the e trade baby chat with his tailor about building a stunning portfolio using e trade's tools and customer support. one biblical reason why judgment day is not on may - alan kurschner the apostle paul in his first thessalonians' correspondence provides a sign-condition that must exist in the world before the day of the lord's judgment: the ungodly will be saying, "there is peace and security." but look around...it is not the case. the opposite is true today. the ungodly are saying, "there is unrest and insecurity." therefore, according to the apostle paul, jesus cannot come back on may as harold camping is predicting. now on the topic of times and seasons, brothers and sisters, you have no need for anything to be written to you. for you know quite well that the day of the lord will come in the same way as a thief in the night. now when they are saying, there is peace and security, then sudden destruction comes on them, like labor pains on a pregnant woman, and they will surely not escape. but you, brothers and sisters, are not in the darkness for the day to overtake you like a thief would. thess : by the time of the new testament era, the two terms for times and seasons chronos and kairos were synonymous, so one should not read into this any temporal distinctions. it is a literary feature called a hendiadys, which is an expression of two words that express a single idea for emphasis we have similar expressions in our contemporary english, e.g., nice and easy . paul s statement, you have no need for anything to be written to you, indicates two things: a question arose about the times and seasons of christ s return. they have previously been instructed on this matter e.g., thess : . on a surface level, it is often assumed by interpreters that paul is rebuffing their question about the timing of the lord s coming. for example: paul, what day is jesus coming back? dear thessalonian church, i cannot tell you since he is coming back as a secret thief. this is a careless reading of the context. the thessalonians are not asking for some specific calendric year-day-hour timing of the lord s return. this is a misguided interpretation, for paul s answer reveals that they are asking not about a calendric when but a conditional when. in other words, paul will answer that jesus will come when a particular spiritual condition is met in the world. he gives the reason why he does not need to write them about the times and seasons: for you know quite well that the day of the lord will come in the same way as a thief in the night. apparently, paul had already used this thief simile at the time he planted the thessalonian church, but they did not grasp the full implications. the thief simile is common in the new testament concerning christ s return cf. matt ; luke ; peter ; rev :; . we should not erroneously import into this thief image the theological system of imminence. one will look to no avail to find anything in any thief passages that teaches imminence. in addition, interpreters have wrongly read into the thief image meaning unpredictability, but verse contradicts this notion. instead, the image conveys a warning for spiritual readiness. if you are not spiritually ready for christ's return it will come upon you suddenly, with negative consequences. obedience eliminates the possibility that our lord's return will be as a thief to those who are watchful. we belong to christ, so we are to live with an attitude of expectancy spiritual watchfulness not imminence. in verse , paul teaches that the result of the lord s return as a thief to the ungodly will be sudden destruction. he is summarizing the beliefs of unbelievers when he says they will say, there is peace and security. he consistently notes a peace and security albeit a surface-level quality that will precede the day of the lord. but this peace and security is illusory, a false security, for unbelievers because unforeseen sudden calamity will come on them just as unexpected labor pains on a pregnant woman cf. matt ; luke . this condition does not exist in the world right now. and for paul, to cite this condition it must be real, and not some subjective environment. in my futurist eschatology, i believe that an antichrist figure one day will come on the scene to provide the ungodly with this "peace and security." but that day has not come. nevertheless, right now, the world is not saying, "there is peace and security." therefore, judgment day is not coming upon the ungodly until the condition exists. persecution upon the entire global church will come first before the day of the lord's wrath when he will punish our wicked persecutors. please read the following post as if i had posted this exactly one week ago upon my return from my camping trip get it? since my computer went nuts the last time i tried posting this: uhhh.. what is everyone still doing here?? were none of you saved?? maybe i'm too deep a sleeper and i didnt feel the earthquake either.. ohh well, im sure harold camping will be missed... wait what?? he's still here too??? i m flabbergasted world didn t end doomsday prophet says he s looking for answers his doomsday predictions caused so much anxiety. and when the day arrived, the much publicized prediction turned false. now -year-old harold camping says he s flabbergasted the world didn t end last weekend sounds somewhat pitiful. it has been a really tough weekend, camping said sunday, after emerging from his alameda, california home for the first time to talk to a reporter from the san francisco chronicle. i m looking for answers ... but now i have nothing else to say, he said, adding that he would make a full statement. camping s pr aide, tom evans, told the l.a. times that the group is disappointed that 200 million true believers weren t lifted up to heaven on saturday while everyone else suffered and eventually died as a series of earthquakes and famine destroyed the earth. you can imagine we re pretty disappointed, but the word of god is still true, evans said. we obviously went too far, and that s something we need to learn from. the group posted ,000 billboards around the country warning of the rapture, while camping, an uncertified fundamentalist minister spread the word on his radio show. camping s family radio, which airs on united states stations, has apparently rebranded itself quickly. business insider notes that the station s website has scrubbed all mentions of the judgment day. the site previously featured a countdown clock to the may rapture on its homepage. but the false prediction might not be so easily effaced from the lives of camping s followers. the l.a. times writes that keith bauer, a -year-old tractor trailer driver, took a road trip with his family to see the grand canyon before the world ended. with maxed-out credit cards and a growing mountain of bills, he said, the rapture would have been a relief, the paper writes. but bauer is not angry at camping for his false prediction. worst-case scenario for me, i got to see the country, he told the paper. if i should be angry at anybody, it should be me. robert fitzpatrick, who spent of his life savings to advertise the rapture in new york, said he was dumbfounded when life went on as usual saturday. i do not understand why ..., he told reuters while awaiting the event in times square. i do not understand why nothing has happened. an npr reporter talked to two camping followers on sunday. one man, his voice quavering, said he was still holding out hope that they were one day off. another believer asserted that their prayers worked: god delayed judgment so that more people could be saved, but the end is imminent, she reported. evans, camping s pr aide, told npr he hopes family radio will reimburse followers who spent their savings in anticipation of the rapture, but that he can t guarantee it. protesters gathered outside camping s radio headquarters to mock the false prophecy over the weekend. some of them set aloft a toy cow with balloons to lampoon the idea that a select elite would ascend to heaven. meanwhile, other religious groups tried to recruit disappointed camping followers. and now, a public service for all mah readers. lets call this "what does the bible say about your stupid comments "it is not for you to know times or seasons that the father has fixed by his own authority" therefore if they say to you, look, he is in the desert "but there were also false prophets among the people, even as there will be false teachers among you, who will secretly bring in destructive heresies, even denying the lord who bought them, and bring on themselves swift destruction. and many will follow their destructive ways, because of whom the way of truth will be blasphemed. by covetousness they will exploit you with deceptive words; for a long time their judgment has not been idle, and their destruction does a not slumber. for if god did not spare the angels who sinned, but cast them down to hell and delivered them into chains of darkness, to be reserved for judgment; and did not spare the ancient world, but saved noah, one of eight people, a preacher of righteousness, bringing in the flood on the world of the ungodly; and turning the cities of sodom and gomorrah into ashes, condemned them to destruction, making them an example to those who afterward would live ungodly; and delivered righteous lot, who was oppressed by the filthy conduct of the wicked for that righteous man, dwelling among them, tormented his righteous soul from day to day by seeing and hearing their lawless deeds then the lord knows how to deliver the godly out of temptations and to reserve the unjust under punishment for the day of judgment, and especially those who walk according to the flesh in the lust of uncleanness and despise authority. they are presumptuous, self-willed. they are not afraid to speak evil of dignitaries, whereas angels, who are greater in power and might, do not bring a reviling accusation against them before the lord. but these, like natural brute beasts made to be caught and destroyed, speak evil of the things they do not understand, and will utterly perish in their own corruption, and will receive the wages of unrighteousness, as those who count it pleasure to carouse in the daytime. they are spots and blemishes, carousing in their own deceptions while they feast with you, having eyes full of adultery and that cannot cease from sin, enticing unstable souls. they have a heart trained in covetous practices, and are accursed children. they have forsaken the right way and gone astray, following the way of balaam the son of beor, who loved the wages of unrighteousness; but he was rebuked for his iniquity: a dumb donkey speaking with a man s voice restrained the madness of the prophet. these are wells without water, clouds carried by a tempest, for whom is reserved the blackness of darkness forever. for when they speak great swelling words of emptiness, they allure through the lusts of the flesh, through lewdness, the ones who have actually escaped from those who live in error. while they promise them liberty, they themselves are slaves of corruption; for by whom a person is overcome, by him also he is brought into bondage. for if, after they have escaped the pollutions of the world through the knowledge of the lord and savior jesus christ, they are again entangled in them and overcome, the latter end is worse for them than the beginning. for it would have been better for them not to have known the way of righteousness, than having known it, to turn from the holy commandment delivered to them. but it has happened to them according to the true proverb: a dog returns to his own vomit, and, a sow, having washed, to her wallowing in the mire. " peter :- " i charge you therefore before god and the lord jesus christ, who will judge the living and the dead at a his appearing and his kingdom: preach the word timothy :- and in the words of natalien the day before the "rapture": supposedly some pastor in the u.s. said tomorrow is the end of the world. pfft my response? not just a heretic, but one word: "idiot". where is his fear of god? thats not something you say, especially when you came up with some stupid theory by using stupid calculations that other stupid people have tried to do in the past and failed, making themselves out to be the stupids that they are, and their followers even stupider for following them, and not fleeing for their lives from these stupids. am i upset? yeah. i am. at the willful ignorance of so many people on biblical themes such as these, while calling themselves believers. ugh. sunday, its like i tell joelie "when you are as good at creating problems as i am, you have no choice but to get good at solving them" as true today as it was when i said it.. ugh.. new linux fix post to come well, not really "linux" fix, but since only linux matters to me, i guess it could fall under that category. friday, random fact: snoop dogg's real name is calvin. thanks to my pilipino dub dub friend, fisher, for that insightful tidbit.. haha wednesday, am da best, mane so my computer decided to go on strike right after i got back from my spec ops camping trip. but im back now.. theres a post to come about the recently experienced apocalypse.. so you dont have to worry about that.. cuz i know you are saturday, dear everyone, we are going camping for the weekend hmm, didnt notice the pun till just now , if the world ends, please be so kind as to let us know.. thanks in advance ps, in case you hadnt heard, the guy who invented this date, err, i mean "calculated", said that if it doesnt happen, then "god is a liar".. what an idiot. friday, thursday, what does john piper believe about dispensationalism, covenant theology, and new covenant theology? by matt perman there are three main theological camps on the issues of law, gospel, and the structuring of god's redemptive relationship with humankind: dispensationalism, covenant theology, and new covenant theology. many have written to us asking about the differences between these three views, and so before discussing john piper's perspective we will give an overview of each. it can be hard to summarize dispensational theology as a whole because in recent years multiple forms of it have developed. in general, there are three main distinctives. first, dispensationalism sees god as structuring his relationship with mankind through several stages of revelation which mark off different dispensations, or stewardship arrangements. each dispensation is a "test" of mankind to be faithful to the particular revelation given at the time. generally, seven dispensations are distinguished: innocence before the fall , conscience adam to noah , government noah to babel , promise abraham to moses , law moses to christ , grace pentecost to the rapture , and the millennium. second, dispensationalism holds to a literal interpretation of scripture. this does not deny the existence of figures of speech and non-literal language in the bible, but rather means that there is a literal meaning behind the figurative passages. third, as a result of this literal interpretation of scripture, dispensationalism holds to a distinction between israel even believing israel and the church. on this view, the promises made to israel in the ot were not intended as prophecies about what god would do spiritually for the church, but will literally be fulfilled by israel itself largely in the millennium . for example, the promise of the land is interpreted to mean that god will one day fully restore israel to palestine. in contrast, non-dispensationalists typically see the land promise as intended by god to prophesy, in shadowy old-covenant-form, the greater reality that he would one day make the entire church, jews and gentiles, heirs of the whole renewed world cf. romans . in many ways it is thus accurate to say that dispensationalism believes in "two peoples of god." although both jews and gentiles are saved by christ through faith, believing israel will be the recipient of additional "earthly" promises such as prosperity in the specific land of palestine, to be fully realized in the millennium that do not apply to believing gentiles, whose primary inheritance is thus "heavenly." covenant theology believes that god has structured his relationship with humanity by covenants rather than dispensations. for example, in scripture we explicitly read of various covenants functioning as the major stages in redemptive history, such as the covenant with abraham, the giving of the law, the covenant with david, and the new covenant. these post-fall covenants are not new tests of man's faithfulness to each new stage of revelation as are the dispensations in dispensationalism , but are rather differing administrations of the single, overarching covenant of grace. the covenant of grace is one of two fundamental covenants in covenant theology. it structures god's post-fall relationship to mankind; pre-fall, god structured his relationship by the covenant of works. the covenant of grace is best understood in relation to the covenant of works. the covenant of works, instituted in the garden of eden, was the promise that perfect obedience would be rewarded with eternal life. adam was created sinless but with the capability of falling into sin. had he remained faithful in the time of temptation in the garden the "probationary period" , he would have been made incapable of sinning and secured in an eternal and unbreakable right standing with god. but adam sinned and broke the covenant, and thereby subjected himself and all his descendants to the penalty for covenant-breaking, condemnation. god in his mercy therefore instituted the "covenant of grace," which is the promise of redemption and eternal life to those who would believe in the coming redeemer. the requirement of perfect obedience for eternal life is not annulled by the covenant of grace, but is rather fulfilled by christ on behalf of his people, since now that all are sinners no one can meet the condition of perfect obedience by his own performance. the covenant of grace, then, does not set aside the covenant of works but rather fulfills it. as mentioned above, covenant theology emphasizes that there is only one covenant of grace, and that all of the various redemptive covenants that we read of in the scripture are simply differing administrations of this one covenant. in support, it is pointed out that a covenant is in essence simply a sovereignly given promise usually with stipulations , and since there is only one promise of salvation namely, by grace through faith , it follows that there is therefore only one covenant of grace. all of the specific redemptive covenants we read of the abrahamic, mosaic, etc. are various and culminating expressions of the covenant of grace. new covenant theology new covenant theology typically does not hold to a covenant of works or one overarching covenant of grace although they would still argue for only one way of salvation . the essential difference between new covenant theology hereafter nct and covenant theology ct , however, concerns the mosaic law. ct holds that the mosaic law can be divided into three groups of laws--those regulating the government of israel civil laws , ceremonial laws, and moral laws. the ceremonial law and civil law are no longer in force because the former was fulfilled in christ and the latter only applied to israel's theocracy, which is now defunct. but the moral law continues. nct argues that one cannot divide the law up in that way, as though part of the mosaic law can be abrogated while the rest remains in force. the mosaic law is a unity, they say, and so if part of it is canceled, all of it must be canceled. on top of this, they say that the new testament clearly teaches that the mosaic law as a whole is superseded in christ. it is, in other words, no longer our direct and immediate source of guidance. the mosaic law, as a law, is no longer binding on the believer. does this mean that believers are not bound by any divine law? no, because the mosaic law has been replaced by the law of christ. nct makes a distinction between the eternal moral law of god and the code in which god expresses that law to us. the mosaic law is an expression of god's eternal moral law as a particular code which also contains positive regulations pertinent to the code's particular temporal purpose, and therefore the cancellation of the mosaic law does not mean that the eternal moral law is itself canceled. rather, upon canceling the mosaic law, god gave us a different expression of his eternal moral law--namely, the law of christ, consisting in the moral instructions of christ's teaching and the new testament. the key issue that nct seeks to raise is: where do we look to see the expression of god's eternal moral law today--do we look to moses, or to christ? nct says we look to christ. there are many similarities between the law of christ and mosaic law, but that does not change the fact that the mosaic law has been canceled and that, therefore, we are not to look to it for direct guidance but rather to the new testament. for example, england and the us have many similar laws for example, murder is illegal in both countries . nonetheless, the english are not under the laws of america, but of england. if an english citizen murders in england, he is held accountable for breaking england's law against murder, not america's law against murder. the benefit of nct, its advocates argue, is that it solves the difficulty of trying to figure out which of the mosaic laws apply to us today. on their understanding, since the mosaic law is no longer a direct and immediate source of guidance, we look to the law of christ for our direct guidance. although the mosaic law is no longer a binding law code in the nt era, it still has the authority, not of law, but of prophetic witness. as such, it fills out and explains certain concepts in both the old and new covenant law. john piper's position john piper has some things in common with each of these views, but does not classify himself within any of these three camps. he is probably the furthest away from dispensationalism, although he does agree with dispensationalism that there will be a millennium. many of his theological heroes have been covenant theologians for example, many of the puritans , and he does see some merit in the concept of a pre-fall covenant of works, but he has not taken a position on their specific conception of the covenant of grace. in regards to his views on the mosaic law, he seems closer to new covenant theology than covenant theology, although once again it would not work to say that he precisely falls within that category. really great post, and its interesting to see that piper does not consider himself ct. though i find that it missed what i consider to be an important distinction between nct and ct, and thats that the church started at pentecost. why is that important? well, because if the church started with christ's ministry, then peter denying him times does not exclude him from salvation. if the church started before creation, then david being a murderous adulterer does not exclude him from salvation. to clarify, by saying "it does not exclude him from salvation" i dont mean that they are excluded from salvation because of having done those things, but rather, that there would be no point of argument against those who calling themselves "christian" do any of these things. in other words, if the church began before david's sin or before peter's sin, and we do consider these two as being of the elect of god and saved , then that means that anyone today who forms part of the church not just the elect, but actually currently saved could argue that though it was "wrong" of them to sin in that same way, that it doesnt exclude them from salvation, because "hey, david and peter did it without conviction of sin there can be no repentance, and if these people, doing these things do not realize that these are signs of a lack of salvation, then they will not repent unto salvation. this is a more serious problem than a mere "doctrinal" distinction. if denying christ, adultery, and murder do not exclude us from the church, then holiness becomes a matter of mere "preference" or just something "good" to aim for but not really as something "without which nobody will see the lord", as hebrews tells us. the fact of the matter is, that without holiness, nobody will see the lord. holiness isnt just a "good" thing to aim for, it is the telltale sign of salvation, it is the fruit of repentance. worst child pageant moments -- pageant show pageant what is wrong with these people?? this video contains clips from both toddlers and tiaras and little miss perfect christian: "prove that the earth exists atheist: "look around you atheist: "prove that god exists christian: "look around you red-crested tree rat reappears in colombia, south america this red-crested tree rat santamartamys rufodorsalis , a guinea-pig-sized rodent not seen since and thought perhaps to be extinct, is seen at the el dorado nature reserve in colombia all you nay sayers who thought the red crested tree rat was gone forever, its not red crested tree rat: , nay-sayers that thought the red crested tree rat was gone forever: wednesday, ah heres one: on sundays, i hear the word, every other night or so i read the word, and the rest of the time i try to live out the word as a quote it could do with some polishing.. but the notion is awesome. and here is todays gross news of the day urinating on your tomato plants could give you fruit four times larger human urine mixed with wood ash was the ultimate eco-friendly fertiliser, according to researchers gardeners keen to boost their crop of tomatoes may be surprised to learn they can turn to an unusual and free source of fertiliser. allotment growers can enrich the soil and therefore their plants using their own wee, according to a new study. scientists discovered the unusual addition made crops up to four times larger. a team of finnish researchers found that sprinkling tomatoes with human urine mixed with wood ash was the ultimate eco-friendly fertiliser. it worked just as well with cucumber, corn, cabbage and other crops. although scientists have previously tested urine on plants, this is the first one to mix it with wood ash. the mixture produced bumper harvests when compared to untreated plants. it could one day be substituted for costly synthetic fertilisers. the university study, published in this month's journal of agriculture and food chemistry, found using nitrogen-rich urine does not carry any risk of disease. when combined with wood ash is perfect to provide minerals and reduce the acidity of soil. report author surenda pradhen said the findings could lead to a new source of cheap fertiliser without the need to use potentially dangerous chemicals. 'the results suggest that urine with or without wood ash can be used as a substitute for mineral fertiliser to increase the yields of tomato without posing any microbial or chemical risks,' she concluded. dont forget to wash your vegemables, children tuesday, leave it to the natalien to send us a funny joke two mexicans are stuck in the desert after crossing into the united states , wandering aimlessly and starving. they are about to just lie down and wait for death, when all of a sudden luis says......... "hey pepe, do you smell what i smell. ees bacon, i theenk." "si, luis, eet sure smells like bacon. " with renewed hope they struggle up the next sand dune, and there, in the distance, is a tree loaded with bacon. there's raw bacon, there's fried bacon, back bacon, double smoked bacon ..... every imaginable kind of cured pork. "pepe, pepe, we ees saved. ees a bacon tree." "luis, maybe ees a meerage? we ees in the desert don't forget." "pepe, since when deed you ever hear of a meerage that smell like bacon...ees no meerage, ees a bacon tree." and with that, luis staggers towards the tree. he gets to within metres, pepe crawling close behind, when suddenly a machine gun opens up, and luis drops like a wet sock. mortally wounded, he warns pepe with his dying breath, "pepe... go back man, you was right, ees not a bacon tree "luis, luis mi amigo... what ees it? " "pepe.. ees not a bacon tree. ees ees a ham bush...." monday, i want to see a bear and im pretty sure i ripped off a mole on my back.. ill let you know in the coming days.. a few days ago i thought i had a pimple which i tried to pick at.. it sort of wasnt actually not sort of, it wasnt a pimple, it indeed was a mole and everytime i reached back there it felt like a pimple, so i kept picking at it like it was one.. and today i think i mightve officially ripped it clean off.. yeah.. i know.. i know.. in any case, ill tell y'all in the coming days.. dont be scurred.. unless you fear the bear worst schoolband ever saturday, btw, anyone notice that theres been just waaay too many earthquakes lately? haiti, japan, new zealand and now slightly weaker ones in spain, costa rica?? and who knows how many other places im missing.. dons an aluminum hat its the haarp project ok time to finish my set of posts that i promsed for last week.. so, last saturday was one of the most interesting set of things ive done in a span of a couple hours in a looong time. so we my lovely asian wife and i went to a type of mini science fair, there was a couple of stands, one where you could extract the dna from a banana for example, but here are the highlights: one of the coolest things was that i finally played with oobleck egg protected by oobleck armor non-newtonian fluid on a vibrating base people running on a pool of oobleck after the oobleck fun i just played with it, i didnt do any of that stuff they are doing in the videos played with some dry ice.. yeah, i burnt my finger a bit with the dry ice.. it felt really interesting, like someone was pinching my skin.. really cool too this however was not just a science fair, it was also next to the farmer's market, so we scoped it out before the science actually and we saw a stand where they were selling huge strawberries, and these vegemables vegetables for you spelling challenged called "fiddleheads" aptly named, because they were shaped like the heads of violins.. the guy explained that you prepare them like you would spinach.. so when luz came over that night, the chefs prepared them with a bit of garlic and margarine and salt i think.. and they were pretty good i also wanted to make some smoothies, since we recently caught the smoothie bug, and we had bought a watermelon and some kiwis, so i wanted to use that to make em.. but for whatever reason besides the fact that i had to do laundry while the ladies were cooking peeling the kiwis took forever luz said it was the watermelon that took me forever, but shes.. uhh.. "incorrect".. it was the kiwis.. she also got in mah way while i was trying to do the watermelon, so i blame her in part too, just in case we were all wondering about that everyone was getting exasperated, and the smoothies turned out not so smooth, since i didnt use enough ice i think i will blame my wife for not having made the ice after she had washed the trays.. lets distribute the blame evenly here so i got all depressed, so i call them my depressive smoothies. yeah, stupid depressive smoothies. but, and this is a big butt.. the other day i had the craziest dream well, it wasnt really crazy, just needed a proper adjective to get you excited to read this next part after all that other excitemening stuff --hmm, thats a really cool typo, i think i will leave that there as is anyways, so i had this dream where i was watching "matt" my movie and it now included the new "snow" scene before my happy posts, let me just paste the angry technology rant to a separate post, lets not mix emotions here people this was going to go in the next post, but why ruin your mood after a great post? : and before i go, i just have to rant a bit about my stupid computer.. yes, i need it, i need the rant time. my computer has just been getting more and more unusable.. im not sure what it is, but its definitely a combination of things.. not just the stupid forced upgrade yeah, thanks fedora and all the things that naturally break when you have to upgrade software that is being maintained by people who dont care about usability or the people who use their software thats you kde and gnome and fedora to and now to from the original which ive had it at for a while now, to see if this might be it.. it does actually feel a bit smoother, almost right away, but we shall see if its just in my mind.. i was so ready to throw this stupid computer out the window ugh.. for weeks now. seriously, imagine typing something in your tab and pressing enter to launch your super practical firefox shortcut bookmark which saves you page loads and clicks.. thats a lot of time.. only to have it take almost half a minute to load.. unacceptable, i do not have that amount of time err, patience on my hand, and i do not need this stress. anyhooze, i will report back and see.. im this close to compiling the new kernel which is a stable 184.108..206 --notice theres no rc in there, and that the last number is ... thats a good thing.. so, swappiness at for a while it seems was making the processor go a bit crazy it shall be.. we'll see if that helps. for those of you interested, heres how to check your swappiness: cat proc sys vm swappiness and heres how to change it notice you have to have super user privileges, ie, be root : and now for the second part of my rant, is my mouse.. my mouse that i love, because its a scroll wheel mouse with a ball, not that stupid laser which i hate.. why rant about my mouse that i love? because its middle click button is now broke, but not fully, so i cant middle click paste properly anymore.. gah ah no, one last thing, now that i pasted this into a sepaate post.. it seems the swappiness trick is not really working.. its better, but not really "eureka friday, friday the 13th.. just thought id mention that.. and that is completely unrelated to the fact that im sick now.. thats a little more related to the milk sickness from last week plus the fact that my wife had the "great" idea of opening the window full blast on my face several times last week, despite my telling her not to.. its like i keep telling joelie: "joel, dont get married" yeah, dont get married or you will get sick, like me. sick in the head and the timing could be worse, but it would take much more.. im going to do that wall climbing stuff that ive always wanted to do for the first time.. i wonder how it will work with half my brain leaking out my nose.. agh, and while im at it.. i bought new shoes yesterday, it might have been the fastest ive ever decided on buying shoes.. a lot to do with it being my style, my color, and yep, my kind of price.. as in, less than half what my last pair cost me.. and thats considering i used a gift card i won in a short promotional video contest that a friend asked me and my wife to be in.. anyways, it took me all but minutes to try on, walk around and say "ok ill take it" after a couple "should i take it??" to my wife.. oh and the short delay where i tried another pair of a different style color at her behest -- yes, lets learn vocabulary thursday, bunny diagram of college life : you will enjoy this "list".. tuesday, and while im still awake.. let me give you all a couple of updates from the last few days.. in progressive chronological order that means oldest events first to the best of my ability: friday, we had a nice big dinner, cuz we like to eat together, and all our women friends like to cook.. so we, being gracious mens, like to let them cook for us.. and we especially like to eat their delicious foods. so luz brought her massive nuclear meatballs not because they are spicy, or irradiated.. hmm.. though they might actually be irradiated.. anyways, they are nuclear because they are so humongous and so i was happily eating and, worthy of note, obviously breathing.. when whomp oops, something went up the wrong pipe... and yes, i do mean "up".. as in, something went up into my nasal pipe. so, investigative work led me to look at my plate and try to discern what in the world this mysterious object that went up into by dasal cabidy is. i see couscous, meatballs the size of a kid's fist, and beef and home fries for the uninitiated, these are just large, cooked usually fried potato cubes-- ok i guess technically these were just potato cubes that were part of the beef stew.. quit being so nit-picky swallow hard, drink something, try to click the back of my throat.. gah, nothing works. ok lets try and get this piece of human fuel out the other way then. its getting annoying because the food seems to have something spicy on it, which is making me feel spicy in places ive never felt spiciness. goodness me.. i try to blow my nose.. i try again.. it doesnt even feel like it has moved at all.. try to swallow.. try to swallow again and then blow my nose.. gah "did you get it?" that joelie, he really cares for me. i eat a bit more, but man, its up in there.. i wonder if its a bit of rice from the meatballs. agh, i gotta go back to blow my nose again.. i try hard, but i doesnt work. back to the table. yeah, they think its funny too. me? not so much, im too focused on the issue at hand.. the issue of course being how a piece of food in my nasal cavity is preventing me from eating my food at a pace acceptable to me. i get up another time.. im pretty sure the food is moving now.. i can feel its not at the same place it was at least at the beginning.. this gives me hope.. it shall be out of a place where only oxygen and mucus belong i see that there number of meatballs in the pot is dwindling, so the situation is dire if i am to fill mah belly to satisfaction. i tell them the story of the lady or guy? who just had terrible breath, and one day went after im sure the person's spouse's incessant insisting to the doctor to see what was wrong, and what it was-- at this point luz interrupted my story, so that i wouldnt interrupt her ability to continue eating.. but since you guys arent eating now, ill tell you how it ends: this person had a rotting bean in their nasal cavity.. haha crazy huh? anyhooze, at this point i rise, and walk to the washroom, and perform my best nostril isolation blow, one for the left, one for the right pfoot just to clarify, since i think it needs to be clarified, no, i didnt show it to anyone.. but i did tell them what it was, and its size. so they knew.. oh, they knew indeed.. next story in the next post.. after i sleep.. cuz im dead tired heres a good socialist lemma that is "too honest for comfort" that i came up with the other day while watching a political show: "parents, let the government raise your children, while you can both go work hard to pay your taxes" when written like that, suddenly government sponsored read: "controlled" daycare is no longer such a hot idea, is it? especially in light of the high taxes they like to rake up so that the government can control it all.. now, if they sponsored one of the parents to stay home and raise these kids.. that would be a different story wouldnt it? the problem is that if the gov pays for it, the gov controls it, and the gov has its own set of morals that are most likely radically different than yours.. do you want the gov to be the one to be the compass of morality in society? really? tuesday, haha awesome quote put a gun to my head and tell me to deny the vicarious atonement and i ll tell you to the pull the trigger. put a gun to my head and tell me to deny my eschatology and i ll tell you to put down the gun and we ll talk about it. stupid milk.. thou art my kryptonite.. i hate being milk-sick.. headache and feeling pukey all day.. ugh.. monday, this is something i was going to post a while ago.. yeah, like months ago.. so here it is.. for all you baldies: i was researching some stuff on pyrithione zinc the active ingredient in most dandruff shampoo and i ran into this article on hair loss the effects of minoxidil, pyrithione zinc and a combination of both on hair density: a randomized controlled trial. recent studies of antidandruff shampoos or tonics containing antifungal or antibacterial agents produced effects suggestive of a potential hair growth benefit. the purpose of this -month, 200-patient, randomized, investigator-blinded, parallel-group clinical study was to assess the hair growth benefits of a pyrithione zinc shampoo. the efficacy of a pyrithione zinc shampoo used daily , was compared with that of a minoxidil topical solution applied twice daily , a placebo shampoo and a combination of the pyrithione zinc shampoo and the minoxidil topical solution. hair count results showed a significant p . net increase in total visible hair counts for the pyrithione zinc shampoo, the minoxidil topical solution, and the combination treatment groups relative to the placebo shampoo after weeks of treatment. the relative increase in hair count for the pyrithione zinc shampoo was slightly less than half that for the minoxidil topical solution and was essentially maintained throughout the -week treatment period. no advantage was seen in using both the minoxidil topical solution and the pyrithione zinc shampoo. a small increase in hair diameter was observed for the minoxidil-containing treatment groups at week . assessments of global improvements by the patients and investigator generally showed the benefit of minoxidil. the benefit of the pyrithione zinc shampoo used alone tended p . to be apparent only to the investigator. hair count results show a modest and sustained improvement in hair growth with daily use of a pyrithione zinc shampoo over a -week treatment period. interesting, huh? now you can all start washing your shiny heads with dandruff shampoo and have it sprout like a chia pet thats the indian wolf child -- pruthviraj patil.. not because he is wolf-like in behavior, but because he is really hairy.. lay off the dandruff shampoo, pruthi -click here to read a short bio of insaner- current blog
__label__non_math	1.0000	oakland -- a -year-old oakland man arrested in connection with the robbery last week of a television cameraman is being sought on a no-bail warrant after not showing up in court tuesday for his arraignment. deliane phillips was scheduled to be arraigned on the robbery charge and three gun charges stemming from his arrest in emeryville the day after nov. oakland robbery. in the emeryville case, which resulted in officers stopping the car he was in and finding a gun, he was charged with having a concealed firearm in the vehicle, carrying a loaded firearm and having a firearm with an altered serial number -- all felonies. he was free on bail that authorities believe had been posted by his girlfriend, but when he failed to appear tuesday, a no-bail warrant was issued for his arrest. oakland police had arrested phillips on nov. , when he appeared in court on the emeryville case and he was charged with robbery in connection with the camera theft. the victim identified phillips through a photo lineup, police said. the video camera, estimated to be worth ,000, has not been recovered and several other suspects are still being sought, police said. the attack happened shortly after noon nov. , when a kpix news cameraman had just finished a live shot with a reporter outside oakland technical high school on the block of broadway, police said. as the segment was ending, five young men rushed up and police department and crime stoppers of oakland are now offering up to ,500 in reward money for information leading to the arrest of the outstanding suspects in the robbery. anyone with information may call police at 510-238- or a tip line at 510-773-. the robbery was the eighth such incident involving a member of the media in oakland since april. guns were pulled on some of the victims. staff writer natalie neysa alund contributed to this report.
__label__non_math	1.0000	in the roughly hours from early saturday to sunday morning, police in hayward, union city, san jose and san francisco each opened fire and killed a suspect who either allegedly hit them with a car or drew a pistol. the most recent clash ended around a.m. with a hayward police officer firing into a honda that rammed his cruiser, which carried a civilian passenger. about 4 hours prior, union city police shot and killed a man who they said pulled a gun on them during a foot chase around p.m. these deadly confrontations come just days after two santa cruz police officers were shot and killed tuesday by a suspect who sneaked up on them. it's also been a bloody start to for california police, who have already seen six officers killed in the line of duty, including those in santa cruz, according to the officer down memorial page. "is it because of all these incidents that these officers did what they did? i don't think so," said hayward police sgt. eric krimm. "would an officer under similar circumstances maybe have it in the subconscious? absolutely. if people just listened -- if they heed the verbal orders and do what the officer is telling them, there won't be a use of force. but when faced with a deadly situation where someone's life is in danger, the officer can and may respond with lethal force." the spate of violence started around a.m. saturday when daly city police shot and killed a suspected car thief later in the day, a san jose officer tried to pull over a car he thought was suspicious. instead of stopping during the run-in at approximately p.m., the suspect allegedly rammed his car into the officer's cruiser, sparking a high-speed chase that ended when police boxed him in. "two officers fired several shots at the suspect when he made a threatening motion," san jose police officer albert morales said saturday. in the most recent shooting, a hayward officer opened fire into a honda that slammed into his cruiser during a traffic stop around a.m. sunday, at the intersection of fletcher lane and watkins street, said krimm. the bullets hit the passenger in the honda, a white man in his 20s. the car later crashed, so police are looking into whether the wreck played a role in his death. about five hours earlier, two union city police shot a man who allegedly pulled a gun from the waistband of his pants and pointed it at them. union city police cmdr. ben horner said the officer tried to pull over the suspect about p.m. on dyer street south of meteor way. the suspect allegedly ran from police, ignored their commands and then pulled the pistol. horner said a loaded gun was found at the scene. the suspect was transported to a local hospital by ambulance and died a short time later, horner said. the officers in hayward and union city were placed on routine leave after the deaths. the alameda county district attorney's office will investigate both incidents. the identifies of the dead suspects and victim have not been released. autopsies are scheduled for early next week, an alameda county coroner's office spokesman said sunday. oakland-based civil rights attorney john burris said there is usually a rise in officer-involved shootings following the death of police officers. burris referenced vallejo, where there were officer-involved shootings in which six people died in . the shootings followed the shooting death of a vallejo officer in november . "it's an alarming number," burris said of the weekend violence. "you have more police shootings of civilians after there's been a fatal police shooting. that's always of concern because you wonder whether or not police are overreacting to an event because of heightened fear." police made at least one arrest in connection with the fatal confrontations. the man behind the wheel of the honda in hayward, identified by police as -year-old arthur pakman, of oakley, was taken into custody on suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon. the weapon in this case was the car, which police said he rammed into the passenger side of a police cruiser. the officer, who was driving with a civilian ride-along passenger, pulled over the "suspicious vehicle" but the situation quickly grew dangerous. the driver ignored police commands and allegedly drove toward the cruiser, slamming into the passenger side door. the civilian jumped back into the cruiser as it was struck, and was not injured. the officer, a - to -year veteran whose named was not released, then opened fire. after speeding away, pakman crashed at d street and foothill boulevard, and ran about yards before lying down and surrendering. the shooting left people in the area rattled. irvin lopez, , whose apartment faces the site of the hayward shooting, said he heard the confrontation from his home. he recalled hearing a car speed down fletcher and abruptly stop, followed by shouting. then came three shots and two more. "this is usually a great area. it's really calm," he said. "that's why it was a surprise to us." staff writer irma widjojo contributed to this report. contact joshua melvin at 650-348-. contact david debolt at 925-943-. contact natalie neysa alund at 510-293-. follow them at twitter.com melvinreport, twitter.com daviddebolt and twitter.com nataliealund.
__label__non_math	0.9999	holidays, for the most part, are times of laughter, family and joyful celebration. however, if you have recently lost a loved one, the holidays can be an especially challenging time. the feelings of loss may take on new depth during this traditional time of celebration and you may need extra emotional support. here are a few suggestions that may help you deal with grief during the holidays: this time of year may be difficult no matter where you are, but by planning ahead you can make the best of the situation. opting to celebrate as usual may be your choice, but keep in mind that the celebration will not be the same as it was when your loved one was with you. prepare yourself for those feelings. if celebrating seems too difficult to bear, consider doing something completely different, like taking a trip, perhaps to a destination you have never visited, or take in a play. a friend, susie, lost her husband near the holidays and was initially immobilized by sadness. the following year she decided to spend the holiday helping others. while susie still grieves the loss of her husband, this will mark her 10th year in serving meals to homeless families on christmas day. by focusing on the needs of others, our own sadness may be lessened. remember to be kind to yourself and take special care to get the rest and nourishment you need. let friends and family know what you need and when you may need support. people sometimes feel awkward and not sure of what to say or do. you are grieving, so give yourself permission to not have a good time or permission to enjoy. our love for the one who passed is not measured by how much we grieve. most of us are fortunate enough to have others in our lives who we love, so try to focus on them. remember, too, that if you are missing someone, chances are others are missing them, as well. finally, there are wonderful organizations and support groups to help you through the holidays. hospice foundation can provide resources and information on bereavement support groups in monterey and san benito counties. the information can be found on or by calling 333-. the national hospice and palliative care organization can provide further resources at nhpco.org or 800-658-. the holidays can be a time of deepest grief for a loved one. it may be hard to imagine but you will survive. liza horvath has over years' experience in the estate planning and trust fields and is the president of monterey trust management, a financial and trust management company. this column is not intended to be legal or tax advice. if you have a questions call 646- or email email
__label__non_math	0.9978	donald trump's head nearly exploded tuesday night. it's safe to say the donald isn't pleased over president obama's election victory, if his tweets are a good indicator. "well, back to the drawing board "we can't let this happen. we should march on washington and stop this travesty," trump continued. "our nation is totally divided actually, i think the world is really laughing at trump's hair. "our country is now in serious and unprecedented trouble ... like never before," he continued. "our nation is a once great nation divided i have a feeling he wasn't ranting against the electoral college in . of course, there was plenty of reaction to trump's rantings, according to e "donald trump just called for a revolution. doesn't like democracy i guess," tweeted actor mark ruffalo. "i'ma run a sedative up to trump tower brb," added bravo exec and "watch what happens live" host andy "hey trump, did you see mitt romney's concession speech? that's what graciousness and good hair looks like," posted "modern family" executive producer steve levitan. meanwhile, nbc news anchor brian williams didn't tweet, but his election coverage comment was tweeted by many, including levitan: "donald trump has driven well past the last exit to relevance and veered into something closer to irresponsible." and then there was alec baldwin, who tweeted: " you trust the voters when they choose the apprentice. but not now?" trump, who repeatedly questioned obama's birth certificate and demanded release of the president's college transcripts during the campaign, hasn't responded personally to his celeb mockers ... yet.
__label__non_math	1.0000	san francisco -- a christian legal group has filed a lawsuit to overturn a first-of-its-kind california law that prohibits licensed mental health professionals from practicing therapies aimed at making gay and lesbian teenagers straight. the pacific justice institute challenged the law signed saturday by gov. jerry brown. the lawsuit was filed late monday in u.s. district court in sacramento. the institute filed the suit on behalf of a psychiatrist and a marriage and family therapist who is also a church pastor in san diego. it also names as a plaintiff aaron bitzer, a culver city man who says he has benefited from the "reparative" therapy. the lawsuit claims the law, which is scheduled to take effect jan. , violates first amendment and equal protection rights.
__label__non_math	0.9999	ncaa frozen four notebook bradford, ferriero, gerbe spark eagles to title game return by joe gladziszewski, jeff howe, and jess myers brock bradford didn't score on this shot, but the eagles' second-year skaters had a productive night in the team's -win against north dakota. st. louis the boston college sophomores won t exploit each other s off-ice activities out of fear that they ll get served a not-so-sweet dish of revenge. but, they have no problem talking about their conquests on the ice. once again, the super slew of sophomores came up large for the eagles, who knocked out north dakota, -, in a wild frozen four contest thursday night. headlined by nathan gerbe s two goals and two assists, the group combined for a seven-point night and figured in on four of the team s goals. you want to stick together, said gerbe, who admits he feels a sense of pride when one of his classmates lights the lamp. when benn ferriero or brock bradford scores or any of our sophomores, you always want to give them credit. gerbe, bradford and ferriero are the top three goal scorers on the team and have a combined tallies this season to go along with 137 points. they re a huge part of the team, senior captain brian boyle said. they came on a little bit last year as freshmen, but this year, they re a special group. they really can change a game for us. they did just that against north dakota. with the game tied -, bradford fed gerbe in the slot, and gerbe blasted a wrister past philippe lamoureux at of the third period. gerbe then added an empty netter with . seconds to play to cap off a wild finish. his go-ahead strike was even more meaningful to ferriero, though. the eagles took a -lead with remaining. with bc on the power play a couple minutes later, ferriero coughed up the puck behind cory schneider, and t.j. oshie roofed it to knot the score. i was feeling pretty down, ferriero said. i just gave the puck away on a turnover, and they scored and tied the game. after nate scored that goal, it definitely made me feel a little bit better. we know that he knows that we need him to win the game, gerbe said. he came back and competed hard after that. it s tough to do to come back like that. you kind of want to leave or something, but he played unbelievable for us. eight of boston college s sophomores share a house together on campus, so they re pretty used to each other by now. ask them to share a story or two, and their eyes light up but their lips remain sealed. i don t want to start any wars right now, bradford said. we pull some pranks. we have a good time. anything i say will be fired back at me, so i ll keep it clean. i ll stay out of that, ferriero added. that ll come back to bite me. bc special teams frustrate sioux shorthanded goal with left in regulation tied the game at -. north dakota scored a pair of power play goals and a shortie, but the sioux acknowledged that their opponents mastery of the penalty kill and the eagles repeated winning of special teams battles was the key to the game. one could see right from the start that north dakota forwards were being effectively held to the perimeter and were rarely able to get traffic in front of cory schneider. they did a great job of minimizing our chances, said north dakota forward ryan duncan. we did a good job of working the puck around but maybe we didn t get it to the middle or the net as much as we d like. they came in with a game plan and executed well, and they were just a little more sharp than the eagles score three power play goals, including the go-ahead goal just seconds after oshie s short-hander had tied the game -with less than five minutes to play. it s very frustrating, oshie said. we pride ourselves on our special teams and tonight we lost that battle. hats off to them. they did a great job. inch's three stars of the game jonathan toews, north dakota sophomore forward showed why he's such a highly regarded nhl prospect, beating defensemen off the rush with his incredible puck skills, fearlessly plowing to the net for rebounds, playing a physical game, and killing penalties. the next time you see him wearing a native american crest on the front of his sweater, it might be that of the chicago blackhawks. nathan gerbe, boston college when doesn't gerbe play an enormous role in a boston college win? he set up ben smith's goal eagles a -lead, then scored a little less than three minutes later to put bc back ahead at -. he also iced the game with an empty-net goal with six dan bertram, boston college twice north dakota took leads, and twice bertram was there to answer. both of his goals were on the power play, and both were scored late in the period, keeping the fighting sioux from taking momentum into the locker room. he also played a key role on the penalty-killing unit when north dakota was pressing story: eagles return to title game boston college is in the ncaa championship game for the second straight season with another semifinal win over north dakota. seen and heard at the scottrade center north dakota's t.j. oshie and boston college's cory schneider were teammates on team usa during the world junior tournament in vancouver last year and have faced each other on the ice in two consecutive frozen fours now. the north dakota forward said he got exactly what he expected from his friend in maroon and gold. he s a great goalie and plays great in big games, oshie said. he played great against us last year. that was probably the first time i ve scored against him in practice or in a game. he played great and we were expecting that. oshie admitted that the roar may have been extra loud when he scored thanks to blues fans in the crowd who are eager to see the first-round pick wearing the bluenote sometime soon. while not hinting whether or not he ll liked visiting his potential future office. it was nice to get to st. louis for the first time and i had a good time here except for that last little bit tonight, he said. after five straight ncaa titles, and appearances in the past seven title games, the wcha s teams will all be spectators for saturday s final game. reached outside the north dakota locker room after his last hope s loss, league commissioner bruce mcleod expressed disappointment not only with the game s result but the process that led up to it. each year the odds grow against it continuing, but the process, the rpi, they made some tweaks in it and in the end it works against you, mcleod said. you look at the teams that made the tournament, the and then the two automatics, the next four teams were all wcha teams. mcleod mentioned the pairings that put the wcha s top two teams at the end of the season, minnesota and north dakota, in the same region. i m certainly disappointed and i guess maybe a little frustrated about the whole thing, he said. it was just one thing after another, and it kind of feels odd. he also acknowledged that after the frozen four in columbus featured four wcha teams, there s no sympathy for his league outside the confines of the teams he oversees. i m certainly kind of sad, but life will go on and we ll start a new streak, mcleod said, with a grin. brian boyle was forced to change his skates with remaining in the first period. he normally changes his skates during games, but during an intermission. luckily for him, it happened right before a television timeout. can't blame a guy for trying: boston college forward matt greene tried to engage in a bit of skullduggery in the third period. after being kicked out of the face-off circle, greene skated away slowly, then twirled back and headed toward the dot. he couldn't pull off the the trickery, however he was tossed by one of the assistant referees a second time. college hockey america, which is hosting this year's frozen four, may want to send the promotional video it showed on the scottrade center video board for editing prior to saturday's title game. the spot included shots of the air force campus and the falcons' logo. air force left the cha at the end of last season for atlantic his post-game press conference, boston college coach jerry york summed up the sentiments of just about everyone at the scottrade center thursday evening when he said, "it was great plays by great players. i hope you guys had as much fun watching as i did." indeed, the eagles and fighting sioux put on a show that was as enjoyable a matchup as we've seen on college hockey's grandest stage in some time. job by assistant referee john philo, who intervened on boston college's goal celebration after nathan gerbe scored with remaining. the eagles were huddled very close to the north dakota bench, and langseth stepped in and shuffled them along toward their own bench. north dakota's west regional first-round win against michigan, fighting sioux goaltender philippe lamoureux stopped t.j. hensick's breakaway attempt, then threw the puck in hensick's tonight, lamoureux peered through traffic to glove a boston college shot, dropped the puck from his mitt, and swatted it out of mid-air with his paddle. the puck finally came to rest at bc goalie cory schneider's feet, some 180 feet from where it started its journey. we don't mind someone who plays with a little flair, but lamoureu's line drive was uncalled for. he should've been penalized expect the official scoring line to be changed once in a goal scored today. we know the official scorers are under pressure to get the information to the public address announcer and such, but take the time to get it right the first time. for the first time since the dawn of time maybe it just seems that way there won't be a wcha team in the national championship game. instead, we're left with michigan state and boston college in a big ten-acc matchup. what's that? right, it's a ccha-hockey east tilt. incidentally, both bc and msu are chasing their third national championships the eagles won in and , while the spartans were winners in and . and though the boys from the heights are making their fourth championship game appearance since , the drive to win a title now remains. "this year, i feel like we're playing forward dan bertram said. "now that we're on a roll, i feel like everybody's here for a reason."
__label__non_math	0.9946	despite losses at the district and appellate levels, the federal trade commission s ftc fight to enjoin the merger of two hospitals in albany, georgia is not over. while a district court in georgia denied the ftc s motion for a preliminary injunction in federal trade commission v. phoebe putney health system, inc., and the 11th circuit upheld that decision, the supreme court announced on june that it would hear the ftc s appeal. as a result, the court will consider whether an alleged merger to monopoly of two hospitals phoebe putney health system and palmyra medical center can be exempt from antitrust enforcement based on the state action doctrine, which holds that certain state-mandated or -directed actions are exempted from antitrust liability. the ftc and critics of the 11th circuit decision fear that the application of state action immunity in this context will pave the way for future transactions to be structured in a similar way in order to avoid the reach of the antitrust laws. the georgia statute at issue allows a local county hospital authority to acquire by lease, purchase, or otherwise, and to sell to others or lease to others for any number of years not to exceed forty, any land, buildings, structures, or facilities constituting any part of any existing or future project, including the acquisition, construction, and equipping of hospitals, health care facilities and other public health operation by others to promote the public health needs of the community. using that statute, the local hospital authority acquired palmyra and leased it to phoebe putney palmyra s only significant competitor for years at a rate of 195 million purchase price and a million breakup fee. phoebe putney also entered into a management agreement that gave it immediate control over palmyra s operations upon closing of the transaction. the ftc filed suit to block the transaction in april , arguing that the hospital authority was merely a straw-man used by the parties to circumvent the antitrust laws. the parties responded by arguing that the hospital authority had ultimate control over palmyra and the terms of the lease to phoebe putney had not yet been agreed to when the hospital authority acquired palmyra. the district court held that, regardless of the sequence of events that led to the acquisition and the long-term lease to phoebe putney, the hospital authority satisfied all three necessary elements of the state action doctrine and was therefore exempt from the antitrust laws. to that end, the court found that: - the hospital authority was a political subdivision of the state - the georgia statute authorized the hospital authority to acquire other hospitals - the anticompetitive effect of the hospital authority s acquisition was reasonably foreseeable given the power expressly given it by law the 11th circuit upheld this decision noting that the legislature could hardly have thought that georgia s more rural markets could support so many hospitals that acquisitions by an authority would not harm competition; and therefore the georgia legislature had clearly articulated a policy authorizing the displacement of competition. in its petition for writ of certiorari, the ftc asserted that failure to correct the 11th circuit s interpretation of state action immunity could lead to increased use of the doctrine to facilitate anticompetitive conduct and unlawful mergers that would ultimately harm consumers. opponents of the ftc s position fear that the agency s arguments, if accepted, would annihilate the state action doctrine and foreclose states from being able to pass laws that implicitly authorize the reasonably foreseeable displacement of competition. if the supreme court decides to make a sweeping statement of law rather than just an interpretation of the georgia statute at issue, we will know whether a state s authorizing statute needs to explicitly give authority to a state entity to displace competition or whether a grant of general corporate powers, which foreseeably could lead to the displacement of competition, is enough.
__label__non_math	0.9513	one of the best aspects of working on a college campus is the enormous number of opportunities to hear knowledgeable people talk about interesting topics. usually for free. tonight was one of those opportunities. harvard has the lowell lecture series , which is devoted to discussing the major issues of our time. past lowell lectures have featured gore vidal, sherry turkle, ken burns, doris kearns goodwin, james carroll, jill kerr conway, carl sagan, robert reich, and gloria steinem. this year s speaker was andrew delbanco , recent winner of the national humanities medal and levi professor in the humanities at columbia university. delbanco is also the author of the recently-released college: as it was, is, and should be , which formed the basis of his talk. delbanco discussed how there is a lot of talk about the importance of access to higher education and how we must raise completion rates, but very little meaningful talk about what happens in the black box between these two points. as part of this, he lamented the gradual shift from a liberal arts education toward a pre-professional education and all that may be lost in this shift. in particular, we may be steering away from education that encourages introspection, and this is a great loss for both individuals and our society at large. fair point. he went on to list many of the commonly known problems in higher education e.g., faculty are generally rewarded for research over teaching, public universities are being defunded, the rise in the importance of rankings, etc. , and offered no silver bullet for how to fix these issued. rather, he argued passionately for why we need to fix our universities to ensure access because education matters. and why does higher education matter so much? delbanco listed three arguments: - economics. we need an educated workforce so the united states can compete in the global marketplace. also, educated people tend to live longer, healthier, more productive lives. - politics. the jeffersonian argument that we cannot have a democracy without an educated citizenry. educated citizens have a well-functioning bs meter and can make better, more informed decisions. - life. education opens our eyes to new ideas, new approaches. it teaches us how to think and how to choose. it teaches us how to understand universal truths, make sense of life, make better choices, and appreciate art. it helps us enjoy life. the first two of these arguments are probably familiar, as they re often used as the reasons why we should continue to publicly support higher education. the third argument, however, made me reflect on my time as an undergraduate. while it may have been the degree in business administration that got me the job right out of college, it was my time living in international house at uc berkeley that changed my life and a remarkable class called forms of folklore, taught by alan dundes, that changed the way i interpreted different cultures. i continue to use what i learned at international house and in dundes s class nearly every day. they made all the difference. we talk so much about the value of education, but what does it mean to be educated. what should someone know to be considered educated? what was it in your college or graduate studies that made all the difference?
__label__non_math	0.9993	fanboy by mark sablan i love watching movies. it doesn t even matter if it s just catching a well-loved classic on cable tv or finally watching a dvd copy of a flick i always wanted to watch but never had the time to do so. but nothing beats catching something now showing inside a moviehouse. like it or not, it s not really just about the movie anymore, but the experience. so the aircon, the popcorn, the comfy seat, and the crowd all play a role. thanks to sm cinema, movie-watching is now better and more exciting than ever, with the just-launched sm cinema e-plus card, tagged as your gateway to entertainment, privileges, lifestyle, upgrades, and surprises. sm cinema s e-plus card is a prepaid card that you can reload with p500 and p1000 load denominations. the good news is that you get free snacks every time you reload you can also upgrade this card to a loyalty card for free. once you do so, you have the option to avail of the e-plus starter kit, which includes a movie, snack, and a premium item. you can also use the card to earn reward points every time you go watch a flick, and soon, when you buy a snack from the snacktime outlets. what i love most about the e-plus card is that when you have it, you don t have to fall in line anymore. you can go straight to the assigned theater. talk about convenience cardholders also get regular movie and promo updates via email and text, plus invites to promos and seasonal offers, exclusive events, quarterly raffles and even free giveaways. can t wait to get your own e-plus card? just submit a duly-accomplished application form with a valid id at any e-plus booth located in sm cinemas nationwide. the application form is available at the e-plus booth or online via the sm cinema website. upon submission of the completed application form, a cardholder has the option to avail the e-plus starter kit for only of p300.. starter kit includes a premium item, an automatic pass to a movie plus a large popcorn and a soda. upon completion of registration and payment of the starter kit, the cardholder will receive a personalized e-plus card and a welcome sms. by validating your mobile number, you get a complimentary movie ticket. this card is heavensent. just check out more privileges if you get one for yourself: e-plus cardholders are given special lanes at the ticket booth when they reload, a free upsize of drink when they present their card at any snacktime counter, and a meal credit for every p500.or p1,000 reload which they can use to avail of a popcorn and drink. e-plus cardholders can use their points to get exclusive sm cinema items from parking discount vouchers, planners and gadgets like mobile phones and digital cameras. cardholders are also entitled to a discount on select sm exclusive movies, join online and seasonal promos and quarterly raffles where gadgets, trips and concert tickets will be given away. when you sign up for membership to the e-plus loyalty program, you automatically qualify to enjoy special offers from the white hat, goldilocks, mister donut, hen lin, sbarro, airphil express and sm men s wear. villman, lenovo, silverworks, belo men and belo essentials offer unbelievable surprises while special privileges are up for grabs at beauty and butter, the body shop, slimmer s world, slimmer s face and skin, sm storyland, sm bowling, sm skating, moa eye and nido fortified science discovery center. experience discounts from products that define your lifestyle such as the north face, bratpack, roxy, delsey, high sierra, quicksilver, kickers, sanuk, dc and the travel club. with e-plus, the perks are endless to learn more about the e-plus card, visit or call customer care hotline 470-. mark sablan loves dennis trillo. visit his personal blog: marksablan.blogspot.com.
__label__non_math	0.9514	welcome to the insider learning network group for professionals working with sap financials. this group provides up-to-date information to help practitioners use sap financials technology more effectively. it offers opportunities to discuss, debate, learn, and exchange ideas and experiences with peers on topics, such as fi, co, a r, a p, general ledger g l , reporting, product costing, profit center accounting, asset accounting, treasury, fast closes, consolidations, planning and performance management, budgeting, forecasting, risk management, compliance, and more. blogs, articles, and forums are updated regularly. membership in this group is open.
__label__non_math	0.9999	we had a good experience buying a saturn from this dealership for our daughter's first car. we wanted to have it bought and waiting for her when she got home from college and they worked with us. they have been great to work with on the repairs. the car has not had many repairs done and my daughter is still driving it. the air conditioner has had to have new freon and the brakes have had to be replaced but it was just after normal wear. the car has held up good as far as looks. it has been driven across the country a couple of times with no problems. the salesmen to us did not seem too pushy. this dealership is still in the same area but has moved a couple of times to a different building where other dealerships have been. located near the intersection of bridford parkway and wendover avenue. pros: not too pushy, upfront salespeople cons: all cars are too expensive i have had very good sales experiences here, having bought two cars from them. there is less pressure than i have had at other dealers, and this is a "no haggle" dealer though i've found you can haggle on things like your trade-in . my service experiences have been mixed. service is generally fairly quick, but not always, and there is sometimes confusion about what is covered by warranty and what is not. the staff is very nice and generally easy to work with.
__label__non_math	1.0000	"i've been using dr. king as my optometrist for the last year, and won't be going back. i found him to be curt, unfriendly and unprofessional. i recently ..." "i was a patient of dr. akizuki's for over a year for a broken tailbone and pelvis. he is great. he helped me manage my pain and encouraged ..." "dr. maas is an excellent doctor. he has an excellent bedside manner and will answer any questions or concerns you might have. he is in a great location ..." "for the last months i had lower-back pain when sleeping laying down in bed. i was skeptical about chiropractor but dr. eilina feygina fillmore health center ?? ..." "i've had wonderful service from dr.filler and his quick and efficient service put me at ease while i'm with him. he's been working in the area for years ..."
__label__non_math	1.0000	"we were new to the area and received a letter in the mail welcoming us to the community not sure how they got the address: but glad that ..." "we have brought our shih-tzu here several times now, and are very pleased with the results. he's still a puppy, so he gets a little rambunctious. the staff ..." "i go to this place to get ariat shoes and boots. they are good for every day use and last a lifetime. i am still wearing ariat shoes ..." "i love this service "in the ten years that i have owned my maltese i have moved around quite a bit from new york, northern nj, and finally monmouth county. in these ..." "i recently went to cosmopawlitan and actually had alot of fun "i just love dr. bonanno i have had many pets and i couldn't ask for a better vet. wouldn't want to go anywhere else. his staff is great. ..." "baymar is such a good place to ride at. they teach both english and western. i've been riding here for a year, and have done really good. i ..." "my family and i have been to the store several times, and i am horrified by the conditions in which the birds live. few, if any, have toys ..." "we needed a quick appointment for our puppy, even though it wasn't an emergency, per se. our puppy has a problem with his teeth, and it was causing ..."
__label__non_math	1.0000	"i was just delighted to find a fine italian resturant so close to my new home "mr jim's pizza was great. we ordered three pizza's and was told it would be to minutes and our pizza was there in only minutes "we love tinas...we are having their thin crust pizza for dinner tonight. my kids love their lunch specials...the calzone is a favorite. my year old is into ..." "nice family owned restaurant unique marinara sauce, very good eggplant parmesan and great house salad dressing. try it you will like, very reasonable prices" "i live an hour away but from time to time will drive out to pilot point and almost always grab a pizza to go. cute 'home town' feel, ..."
__label__non_math	0.9999	i m not sure when it happened last season, but lakers coach phil jackson described sasha vujacic in a way that none of us who cover the team have forgotten. jackson dubbed vujacic an o clock shooter as opposed to a shooter. translation: vujacic was great at practice but disappeared in games. when he was reminded of those words after sunday s game, jackson couldn t help but snicker about a game. it was an early start sunday, but vujacic finally was a big-game shooter for the lakers, hitting of shots, including the go-ahead -pointer with .seconds left, and scoring a career-high points. sasha s starting to settle in, jackson said. i think he was anxious early in the season . he started the first game obviously of the year with kobe sitting on the bench and got off to a tough start. but he s been playing much better as of late. i know he had some open shots the other night that didn t go down for him, but we expect them to go in because he s really a good shooter and works hard at it. if you watch the fsn west special on vujacic s path to the lakers, you learn that his nickname in italy was the giant killer, for the big shots he hit so often against top teams. vujacic definitely lived up to that nickname sunday against the mavericks. vujacic raised his shooting percentage for the season from .percent to .percent after sunday s game. he s still so young that he won t turn until march . jackson became the fastest coach ever to 900 victories in his career. he ranks ninth on the all-time list, trailing dick motta in eighth with 935 victories. red auerbach ranks seventh with 938. they re a lot of guys in the game that are coaching right now that have ,000 wins, 900, jackson said. i don t know what i am down on the list - probably 10th or so all-time. but i can remember when red auerbach stood up there all by himself when i was a player. you looked at the wins that coaches had and no one else was even close. over the past years, all these coaches that i ve grown up with, watched coach, played ball against - jerry sloan, pat riley, lenny wilkens, don nelson, larry brown - have all reached that milestone. it s become a game in which us elderly guys are now coaching, which was an age that coaches really didn t extend themselves into these ranks when i was a player. so it says something about the longevity of coaches now. and it s a compliment to all the players that i ve had, the great players, the great teams and the great runs that we ve had to be able to accept this kind of as gratitude to them. the lakers shot .percent in the fourth quarter and had eight assists against no turnovers. the last time the mavericks gave up 100 points was to he lakers back on dec. in the victory that started the -game streak. you get the feeling that the last team the mavericks want to see is the lakers in the playoffs. the lakers are now -against dallas at staples center in their history. they were on the wrong end as kobe bryant outscored them -through three quarters of a game last december. then they lose sunday for the first time in nearly a month to a lakers team playing without two injured starters. the two teams meet again in dallas on jan. . by ross siler long after the game ball from sunday nights 101-triumph over the dallas mavericks has gone into storage, lakers coach phil jackson will be left with the memories from the 900th victory of his career. they will be stirring to say the least, with the lakers ending the mavericks -game winning streak, sasha vujacic hitting the biggest -pointer of his career and jacksons team taking its place among the nba elite. when he walked into the locker room afterward, jackson was greeted by a standing ovation from his players, including teenage center andrew bynum, who was all of years old when jackson won his first game. it was awesome, kobe bryant said. i know phils not going to beat his chest about it or anything like it. but it was important for everybody here to take notice of what we just saw tonight. its special, man. the mavericks streak started with a 110-101 victory over the lakers on dec. in dallas and ended days later at staples center. that the lakers did so without injured starters lamar odom and kwame brown made it all the more remarkable. i think right now were one of those teams that were good enough to beat anyone in the nba, luke walton said. when we play the teams like the mavericks or the spurs we really get up and step our games up. weve got to learn how to play like that all the time, though. thats how you get one of the high seeds in the playoffs and get the home-court advantage. the lakers trailed by as many as nine points in the fourth quarter and -with remaining. bryant scored points in the quarter and started the final push by driving the lane and scoring while being fouled by dirk nowitzki. they led briefly, then trailed -after a nowitzki layup with .seconds left. with dallas committed to stopping bryant, though, walton drove the lane and fired a pass back outside to vujacic for an open -pointer with .seconds remaining. what we had to do, vujacic said, and what i could see at that time was just be open on the side and they will find me. after making just of shots and missing all five -pointers friday against denver, vujacic bounced back two nights later to connect on of shots and finish with a career-high points. it was the highlight of vujacics young career and he stayed in the locker room long after the game to enjoy it. vujacic hit three -pointers in the fourth quarter and helped force a key jason terry turnover in the backcourt. im proud of him because hes taken his lumps here, bryant said. the fans have been pretty hard on him. but what people dont understand about him, hes a tough kid. hes not going to back down. hes not going to stop being aggressive. hes not going to stop working hard. when you have that combination of things, then fans will turn around because theyll see it. the lakers shot .percent, totaled assists as a team and won the fourth quarter -. their fourth-quarter lineup primarily was bryant, vujacic, walton, maurice evans and ronny turiaf. smush parker came up with a spectacular block of a terry dunk with .seconds left to preserve the win. former lakers forward devean george missed a tying -pointer for dallas with seconds to play. bryant finished with points, eight rebounds and six assists. he played all but in the second half and asked to guard nowitzki in the fourth quarter after the lakers previous options of brian cook and vladimir radmanovic had failed. just looking at the matchups out there, i felt like i wanted to take my crack at guarding him, bryant said. ive never guarded him before. never. i was a little bit curious to see about his offensive game, what makes him special. nowitzki scored eight points in the fourth and for the game. bryant was giving up at least six inches to the mavericks all-star forward. jackson eventually moved bryant off nowitzki in favor of turiaf for the final . walton totaled points, six assists and three rebounds, with eight of his points in the fourth quarter. bryant drilled three jumpers to open the fourth but had to give up the ball as the mavericks sent two and three defenders in his direction. when we didnt trap him, he scored, dallas coach avery johnson said. when we trapped him, it seemed like walton and vujacic made a lot of big shots on us. so everything that we tried on them in the fourth quarter didnt work. after the streamers fell to the floor and the players celebrated, the question of the lakers place in the nba hierarchy came up. the lakers - are only a half-game out of the top four in the western conference and have beaten san antonio, phoenix, utah and dallas all at staples center this season. they have won four consecutive games, the latest being possibly the most improbable victory since the shaquille oneal trade. they are now -without odom and brown, both of whom will likely be sidelined most of january. we can certainly play up to certain teams in games, said jackson, fastest ever to 900 victories. theres no doubt about it. but we had to emotionally come out of our skin a little bit tonight and work really hard at doing it. walton summed things up simply, saying, theyve done a great job of putting a bunch of team players together.
__label__non_math	1.0000	perhaps this sort of news comes in threes: there was the woman s body found in the angeles national forest. there was the west covina woman found shot to death in pomona. now there s a missing woman from el monte. how long until fox news or cnn pays attention? don t hold your breath none of these women were teen prom queens, models or lived on the east coast we ll keep on top of it here though .
__label__non_math	0.9998	inspiration archives: deborah king deborah is a master healer, a teacher, and the new york times bestselling author of be your own shaman. if i could share 500 words to inspire, this is the important wisdom i'd want to pass along to others... those two words encompass an entire philosophy of life. according to the ancient seers, we are asleep, dreaming that our day-to-day world is all that is. and that who we are - who we really are - is much more than our familial and societal roles, much more than our occupation, bank account, politics, gender, marital status, or sexual orientation. more than our history as a victim or perpetrator. there's a wonderful little story about buddha: one of his students asked him, "are you the messiah?" "no," answered buddha. "then are you a healer?" "no," buddha replied. "then are you a teacher?" the student persisted. "no, i am not a teacher." "then what are you?" asked the student, exasperated. "i am awake," buddha replied. what does it mean to be awake? it means that you have done the inner work to clear out the old beliefs you unconsciously absorbed while growing up - the ideas you may unknowingly hold about yourself and the world around you. it means that you know how to process and release the emotions that flow through you rather than trying to ignore or bury them. when you don't acknowledge your jealousy, anger, shame, guilt, and all the other emotions we all experience, they fester within and turn toxic; the distorted energy can affect your ability to be healthy, to be fully alive. you are awake when you are available to experience all that life holds. it means you understand presence - the state of being where you live in the present moment, the here and now, rather than being bogged down in the past or wary of what the future may hold. presence is the ability to listen with full attention and compassion. the dalai lama, who radiates presence, has said that his religion is kindness. how simple, and how totally present waking up also means that you awaken the innate gifts you have... and yes, you have the ability to go beyond the veil of illusion that is the seemingly rock-solid wall of physical reality. you can nurture and practice seeing more than the eye can behold, hearing sounds that the ear cannot hear, sensing beyond what can be touched. haven't you ever had a strong "gut feeling" that kept you out of danger or helped you to avoid a destructive relationship? or knew who was calling before you answered the phone, or thought of that person before the phone even rang? where did that come from? most of all, wake up from the dream of separation. you can awaken to oneness. we are not separate from each other, or from any other part of the universe. humanity desparately needs to wake up from the collective nightmare of "the one with the most toys wins." greed, on a personal and corporate level, and the arrogance of mankind in believing we are somehow the top of the evolutionary ladder, has brought the world nuclear catastrophe, endless war, environmental distress, and a host of societal ills like homelessness and starving children. in the words of a little three-year-old friend, who has clearly heard her pre-school lessons: sharing is caring. it's time to wake up to who you are. you will be happier, healthier, more content with your life, more aware of your purpose here on earth, and a blessing to all around you. the music of success is sweetest when you play in a band with winners. surround yourself with excellence within darkness, there is always light by carly alyssa thorne. sometimes, we are in so much pain we forget that within that spiral of darkness, there is lig... think positive thoughts. believe in yourself and others. share hugs and spread love. top inspiring quotes to motivate you in your work life by andrew lisa. when going through your workday, working on business management or figuring out where your career is ...
__label__non_math	1.0000	my tickets didn't print. how can i go back and print to print your tickets, click here. you will need any two of the - your confirmation number - e-mail address - or the credit card number used to place the order what do i need to print my own instantseats you need a printer connected to your computer. any ink-jet or laser printer color or black white with a resolution of 300 dpi or more is capable of printing out instantseats tickets. use .x high-quality white paper for best results. you will also need adobe acrobat reader .or higher. if you do not have it, our system will detect it and give you an html ticket instead. either version works at all of our venues. i bought tickets and when i opened the file only one ticket appeared? that's correct. one ticket will show on your screen however there are others in the file that will appear if you scroll down the page. in addition, adobe acrobat reader has a page count display at the top and it will show you that you are viewing one ticket out of . when you click the print button all tickets will print. make sure you choose the option print all. some venues check your tickets against a ticket buyer's list and others venues will scan your tickets. when you arrive please have your tickets ready to present. please do not fold your tickets over the bar-coded areas. after entering my credit card information, i keep getting an error when trying to buy. what can i do? more than likely the address you entered did not match the address on file with your bank's card issuer's authorization system. if you recently moved, try your old address or call your bank to see which address they have on file. please note: every time you go through the buy process, your bank temporarily places a hold on the funds. the holds typically get removed from your account in about a week. the time the funds are placed on hold is solely determined by your bank or card issuer and not instantseats. you are not being charged by instantseats since no order was actually placed. it is best practice to verify your address a different credit card. i only see one ticket for sale. do i have to go back again to buy the second? instantseats allows you to buy up to tickets at one time. if one ticket only is available, that means there is only one ticket left. in many cases the venue may still have a small inventory of tickets available. please call the venue directly to inquire about any can i buy tickets for someone else? yes you can. after buying, you can forward the ticket by email to the person you want to attend and that person can then print the ticket and use it. i joined the mailing list. does this make me a returning no it does not. you will get our monthly e-newsletter but if you never actually bought a ticket from us, you are not in our database of customers. next time you buy a ticket from instantseats, make sure you buy as a new user and make up a password. this makes ticket buying a breeze on returning visits since you will not have to input your personal information again. only your credit card information will have to be re-entered. instantseats does not store credit card numbers for your protection. i'm not getting your monthly newsletter. how can i start please join again at this link: our e-list. it is possible that you had entered an incorrect email address or your email address has changed since you joined. can i change the date or time of the show i bought if you mistakenly chose the wrong date or time for an event and want to change your ticket, please send a requested by going to us. instantseats will honor your request if there is availability and if the venue will permit it. your request will be considered within hours and you will be notified by email. can i get a refund? please read our refund policy
__label__non_math	0.9366	step : step five: the final screw now that the bumper is hanging you can get in under the taillight bracket, unscrew that final screw, and pull out the lens. the bracket the taillight lens is attached to is kind of flexible, and i found it easier to bend it down a little to get the replacement lens in place, then bend it back up. there you go. hope it all works out for you
__label__non_math	1.0000	with instructables you can share what you make with the world and tap into an ever-growing community of creative experts. share step-by-step photos with text instructions share one or more photos in one step quickly and easily share your how-to video check out all of the amazing new projects being created by m.c. langer, our current artist in residence. he is a wizard when it comes to transforming ewaste. download our new apps for ios and android pdf downloadsas a pro member, you will gain access to download any instructable in the pdf format. you also have the ability to customize your pdf download.
__label__non_math	0.7313	trends this season: related photos: malin akerman, asos.com, cocktail dresses, draping, pastels, yellow malin akerman in asos magazine tablet edition instyle.com is part of the time inc. style network instyle is a registered trademark of time inc. .
__label__non_math	1.0000	classic french twisthow-to stylist ken paves aimed to give applegate an effortlessly glam look. use his steps to create it: spritz volumizing spray on wet hair and blow dry, using your hand to tousle the hair. just before the hair is completely dry, finish by using a spornette brush. spritz on more volumizing spray, part hair and brush hair back and twist up from the nape. secure with hair pins. finish with hairspray. insider trick blow-drying with your fingers creates lift and texture, says paves.buy online now ken paves volumizing spray, ; at beauty.com . try on christina's hair now
__label__non_math	1.0000	"i was never a mean girl," fox has said of her high school years in port st. lucie, florida. with her long wavy hair, clear blue eyes and full pouty lips, megan fox is one girl who lives up to her last name. but with her latest movie roles, she hopes to show off her other assets. "i'm smart and i can be really funny and interesting," she told entertainment weekly. "i have a mouth and i'm not afraid to use it." indeed, her mouth not to mention her tattoos is so remarkable it has earned her comparisons to that other brainy bombshell, angelina jolie. and if all comes to fruition, the actress will follow jolie's lead into roles as sexy as they are serious. after all, as fox has said, "well, i'm clearly not ugly."
__label__non_math	1.0000	the kerosene singer hit a cma nominee reception with fuss-free waves. "this is just scrunched and blown dry," says chapman. "we added a little bit of product and scrunched it to add that texture." with her glowing skin and gorgeous features, it doesn't take much to make miranda lambert look good. the challenge, according to her longtime hairstylist and makeup artist, holly chapman, comes in hiding the evidence of the country superstar's hobbies. "miranda's always got some little scrape on her face from being outdoors," chapman says. "she's a real outdoor girl and she's got oodles of dogs." her fans wouldn't have her be any other way
__label__non_math	0.9894	the u.s. house approved the biggest changes in financial regulation since the great depression friday, marking a win for the obama administration and congressional democrats. with the senate due to debate similar reforms well into next year, the house voted 223-202 to pass a ,279-page bill hammered out in the months since last year s financial crisis convinced democrats of an urgent need for reform. the bill would create an inter-agency council to police systemic risk in the economy, crack down on hedge funds and credit rating agencies, set up a financial consumer watchdog agency, and expose federal reserve monetary policy to unprecedented congressional scrutiny, among other reforms. faced with a recession and multi-billion-dollar taxpayer bailouts of firms such as aig and citigroup inc stemming from the bush administration, president barack obama and fellow democrats are vigorously pushing for change. republicans and an army of lobbyists for banks and wall street firms, whose profits would be threatened, have fought for months to weaken and delay reforms, criticizing what they call an unneeded and costly intrusion on business. the battle will continue for months to come in the slower-moving senate, which is expected to push for more modest legislation. once the separate bills pass the house and senate, the chambers would have to agree on legislative compromise that could be passed into law. the house bill faced a flood of amendments during floor debate this week, with mixed results for both sides. in a win for the banking industry, the house voted to reject a measure that would have allowed bankruptcy judges to change the terms of mortgages for distressed homeowners. known as mortgage cramdown, the measure was defeated in a 188-241 decision as a proposed amendment to the broader bill. the vote marked a reversal from the house s passage in march of a cramdown measure that later died in the senate. on another vote, democrats beat back an attempt to weaken a key provision of the reforms bill the proposed creation of a consumer financial protection agency cfpa . an amendment proposed creating instead a council of regulators, which the white house said would let banks and mortgage and credit card firms continue to get away with the practices that helped cause the financial crisis. in a setback for corporate good-governance activists, the house rejected an amendment that would have required small corporations with market capitalization of less than million to get external reviews of their internal financial controls under regulations passed after the enron fiasco. the amendment concerned applying certain audits under the sarbanes-oxley laws to small firms. by rejecting the proposal, which was supported by senior democrats, lawmakers left an earlier amendment in the bill that would permanently exempt small firms from complying with the rules for audits. the house approved a section of the broad reforms bill thursday that would impose regulation for the first time on the trillion over-the-counter derivatives market, including credit default swaps like those at the root of aig s problems. the bill will increase transparency in the marketplace and reduce the systemic risk that over-the-counter derivatives can pose to the economy if left unchecked, said democratic house agriculture committee chairman collin peterson in a statement. the house also backed an amendment from democratic representative stephen lynch to limit financial firms to percent ownership stakes in otc derivatives clearinghouses. if ultimately approved, the lynch measure could affect wall street giants that dominate otc derivatives markets goldman sachs group inc jpmorgan chase co, citigroup, bank of america corp and morgan stanley and exchange operators such as nasdaq omx. in addition to systemic risk regulation and the cfpa, the broader house bill would give the government new powers over large banks and set up new protocols for dealing with large firms, known as too big to fail, that get into trouble. it would also impose new curbs on executive pay, strengthen protections for investors and, for the first time, set up a federal office to monitor the insurance industry.
__label__non_math	0.9974	oldwick, n.j.-- business wire -- a.m. best co. has affirmed the financial strength rating of a superior and issuer credit ratings of aa- of midland national life insurance company midland national and north american company for life and health insurance north american both domiciled in des moines, ia . midland national and north american are the key life health insurance subsidiaries ofsammons enterprises, inc. sei and are jointly referred to as the sammons financial group sfg . the outlook for all ratings is stable. the rating actions reflect the continuation of sfg s favorable sales trends, positive net flows and overall strong operating performance. in addition, the solid investment returns generated from a higher allocation of structured fixed-income securities has enabled the group to maintain healthy interest spreads. the ratings also recognize sfg s sound capitalization and targeted distribution strategy, which has facilitated organic growth. in , sfg established a new business line, sammons retirement solutions, which will look to distribute retirement-oriented products such as mutual funds and variable annuities through broker-dealers and their financial advisors. sfg s ratings reflect its strong business profile as a leading producer of fixed-indexed annuities fia , its effective fia hedging program and the benefits of sei s unique ownership structure through an employee stock ownership plan trust. partially offsetting these positive rating factors are the challenges sfg faces in further diversifying its operating profile in the competitive u.s. life insurance market and managing its interest-sensitive liabilities through the ongoing low interest rate environment. sfg continues to work on expanding its distribution platform and further product refinements to provide more balance in its results. additionally, there is the potential for impairments given moderately higher allocations to riskier assets. the investment portfolio is weighted towards structured investments and a growing percentage of private placements, which increase risk and negatively impact liquidity. however, through the active management of portfolio manager guggenheim partners asset management, llc an affiliated company , sfg has consistently generated above-average returns, which have benefited product margins despite low interest rates. a.m. best notes that these returns come with somewhat increased risk, lower liquidity and the potential for higher credit impairments. capitalization remains sound and continues to be supported by both organic earnings and increased utilization of reinsurance transactions. a.m. best believes that sfg is well positioned at its current ratings. factors that could have a negative impact on the outlook and or ratings include increased impairments from additional investment risk, a material decline in risk-adjusted capital or a change in business profile that would increase exposure to interest-sensitive product lines. the methodology used in determining these ratings is best s credit rating methodology, which provides a comprehensive explanation of a.m. best s rating process and contains the different rating criteria employed in the rating process. key criteria utilized include: risk management and the rating process for insurance companies ; understanding bcar for life health insurers ; a.m. best s liquidity model for u.s. life insurers ; and rating members of insurance groups. best s credit rating methodology can be found at founded in , a.m. best company is the world's oldest and most authoritative insurance rating and information source. for more information, visit a.m. best co.ken johnson, cfa, 908-439-, ext. 5056senior mirabella, cpa, cfa, 908-439-, ext. 5892managing senior morrow, 908-439-, ext. 5378senior manager, public relationsrachelle.firstname.lastname peavy, 908-439-, ext. 5644assistant vice president, public
__label__non_math	0.9094	to purchase hard copies of this book, please email: share this page this book is indexed in advances in robot manipulators edited by ernest hall, isbn 978-953-307-070-, hard cover, 678 pages, publisher: intech, chapters published under cc by-nc-sa .license the purpose of this volume is to encourage and inspire the continual invention of robot manipulators for science and the good of humanity. the concepts of artificial intelligence combined with the engineering and technology of feedback control, have great potential for new, useful and exciting machines. the concept of eclecticism for the design, development, simulation and implementation of a real time controller for an intelligent, vision guided robots is now being explored. the dream of an eclectic perceptual, creative controller that can select its own tasks and perform autonomous operations with reliability and dependability is starting to evolve. we have not yet reached this stage but a careful study of the contents will start one on the exciting journey that could lead to many inventions and successful solutions.
__label__non_math	0.9977	update from the medical journals: october by mary pickett, m.d. harvard medical school what's the latest news in the medical journals this month? find out what your doctor is reading. men should stop having the psa test almost two-thirds of men who are older than have had at least one screening psa prostate specific antigen test. this blood test checks for prostate cancer. but the psa test has been controversial. in , the american cancer society said doctors should not automatically offer the test. instead, according to that recommendation, they should talk with patients about how uncertain we are about the benefits of the test. now, the u.s. preventive services task force uspftf says men at low risk for prostate cancer should not be screened at all. the test does more harm than good, according to the uspftf. this group published a draft of its recommendations online october . the group is inviting readers to comment. the psa test mostly finds early-stage prostate cancer. task force members cited a study that found two out of five cancers found after a psa test were too slow growing to ever cause harm. about of men diagnosed with prostate cancer are treated, and the number of lives saved is very small. the treatment for prostate cancer often leaves men with long-term, undesirable side effects. these include loss of sexual function, incontinence leaking urine , rectal spasms or urgency to have a bowel movement. the most common treatment for prostate cancer is surgery to remove the prostate. it is called prostatectomy. the chance of dying during this operation is about in 200. the uspftf points out, "the vast majority of men who are treated do not have prostate cancer death prevented or lives extended from that treatment." but men who are treated "are subjected to significant harms." african-american men and men with a family history of prostate cancer relatives who were younger than when their cancers were found are more likely to have aggressive cancers. despite the extra risk, the uspstf is not recommending screening for these men. the new recommendation does not apply to men who have symptoms such as difficulty urinating or blood in the urine. the psa test might still be useful to check for cancer in men with symptoms. back to top women should have fewer pap tests, says new guidelines less than two weeks after its psa test recommendation, the uspstf published guidelines saying women should have fewer pap tests. the guideline was released online by the uspstf on october . a pap test also called a papanicolaou smear collects a sample of cells from the surface of the cervix to check for changes that can lead to cervical cancer. after reviewing the evidence, the uspftf says pap tests save lives, but they also have drawbacks. first, having a pap test usually means having a pelvic exam. second, the test has a fairly high false-positive rate. after a positive result, the doctor will do a colposcopy. this procedure examines the cervix with a magnifying lens. sometimes the doctor takes a sample of tissue biopsy for examination. the uspstf says having pap smears every three years is a good way to balance the risks and the benefits of the screening test. women ages to who have a normal pap test can repeat the test once every three years. previously, women who had not yet had their first three pap tests were told to have the test every year. also, women who had multiple sexual partners and women who had any previous history of a sexually transmitted infection sti were advised to have yearly pap tests. but in the new recommendation even these women can have the test once every three years. if a woman has had her uterus removed, she does not need to continue having pap tests. the revised guidelines only apply to women who have normal pap tests. women who have had an abnormal pap test should follow the existing recommendations for more frequent testing. back to top studies show best breast cancer treatments according to a new study, the breast cancer drug letrozole femara does a better job of preventing the cancer from returning and increases survival time compared with the drug tamoxifen nolvadex and other brands . the journal lancet oncology published the results october . the study involved more than ,000 women with breast cancer. compared with women who took tamoxifen, breast cancer survivors who took letrozole for five years were less likely to die or have their cancer return in their first years after their initial cancer treatment. combining the two drugs was no better than getting letrozole alone. letrozole and tamoxifen are given to patients whose cancers test positive for estrogen receptors on the cancer cells. this study will make letrozole the first choice for cancer drug treatment after surgery. in a separate study published october , having radiation treatment after breast cancer surgery was shown to cut the risk of a recurrence in half for years after treatment. compared with women who did not get radiation, death rates for women who had the treatments were lower by about one-sixth years after the treatments. this study looked at more than ,000 breast cancer patients. it was published online by the lancet. radiation is usually recommended after surgery for breast cancer. this study will make that recommendation even stronger. back to top more news in brief - new vaccine improves response to lung cancer treatment. a new experimental vaccine appears to improve the response to chemotherapy for lung cancer and slow down the growth of cancer cells. this vaccine is being tested for use in non-small-cell lung cancer, the most common lung cancer type. in the study, published in lancet oncology, 148 patients with lung cancer received chemotherapy. approximately half of them also received the vaccine. those who also got the vaccine had slightly better results as a group. in the group with the vaccine, about fewer people had progression in their cancer during the six months after treatment. - neurologists update recommendations for treating tremor. the american academy of neurology has revised its guidelines for treating a condition called essential tremor. they were published october in the journal neurology. the condition causes the hand, head or voice to shake. it usually affects adults after age , and it can run in families. according to the experts who wrote the guideline, the best drugs to treat tremor are propranolol inderal , a blood pressure drug, and primidone mysoline , a medicine that is sometimes used to prevent seizures. other helpful medicines are gabapentin neurontin , topiramate topamax , atenolol tenormin , sotalol betapace and alprazolam xanax . for people with severe tremors that don't respond to medicines, surgery is an option. - saw palmetto does not help prostate symptoms. an enlarged prostate is also called benign prostatic hypertrophy bph . it can cause symptoms such as slowness to start urinating, a weak urine stream or dribbling after urinating. some men take an herbal dietary supplement called saw palmetto. this herb has been rumored by some people to relieve symptoms. a research study published september in the journal of the american medical association looked at how effective the herb actually is for treating symptoms. this was a well-designed randomized study of 369 men who were assigned to take either saw palmetto at a usual dose or a placebo pill. they did not know which pill they were taking. they were treated for weeks almost a year and a half . saw palmetto had no measurable effect on urination symptoms compared with the placebo pills. the research concluded that saw palmetto was not helpful. - adhd diagnosis and treatment may start as early as age . the american academy of pediatrics aap says that preschool is not too early to diagnose a child with the behavior problem known as adhd attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder . this was part of a report published in the october issue of pediatrics. adhd causes impulsive behavior, excessive boisterousness or fidgeting, and difficulty paying attention to instructions. children ages to who exhibit these behaviors should work with a psychologist to modify these behaviors as a first step in treatment. if behavior therapy does not help, the report recommends treatment with the medicine methylphenidate ritalin . previously, this medicine has not been recommended for children at such a young age. back to top mary pickett, m.d. is an associate professor at oregon health science university where she is a primary care doctor for adults. she supervises and educates residents in the field of internal medicine, for outpatient and hospital care. she is a lecturer for harvard medical school and a senior medical editor for harvard health publications.
__label__non_math	0.9999	what is it? varicose veins occur when veins just below the skin's surface are damaged, become swollen and fill with too much blood. veins are the blood vessels that return blood to the heart. arteries carry blood away from the heart to the rest of the body. varicose veins most commonly occur in the legs. in about of cases, the condition runs in families, and probably is related to an inherited weakness in the veins' walls or the valves inside veins that keep blood from backing up. pregnancy is another common cause of varicose veins. during pregnancy, the volume of blood increases causing veins to expand. also, occupations that require uninterrupted standing waitresses and waiters, nurses, mothers with young children may force leg veins and valves to work against gravity for hours, increasing the risk of pressure-related vein and valve damage. garters also can increase the risk of varicose veins if their tight elastics slow blood flow in the legs. varicose veins are to times more common in women than men. obese people are more likely to develop varicose veins. varicose veins can be associated with prior blood clots and damage to the deeper veins in one or both legs, a situation that sometimes can lead to chronic venous insufficiency. when this happens, the veins lose their ability to effectively move blood back to the heart. this can cause significant leg swelling and skin sores or ulcers. in the legs, varicose veins commonly are found along the inside of the leg, at the ankles and at the back of the calf. the affected veins look blue, swollen or stretched out, kinked or twisted. in some people, varicose veins do not cause any symptoms. however, other people may experience one or more of the following: - a dull ache in the legs - a feeling of pressure or heaviness in the legs - swollen feet and ankles - itching skin near the damaged veins in more severe cases of chronic venous insufficiency, a slowing of blood flow through the vein can lead to localized skin changes, including dryness, a rash or brownish discoloration and open sores ulcers . slow blood flow also can cause a clot to form inside the affected vein. this condition is called thrombosis. in general, symptoms of varicose veins are worse at the end of the day, especially after periods of prolonged standing. some women also find that their symptoms are more intense during the days before their menstrual periods, and during pregnancy. your doctor will ask you about your symptoms and about your family history of varicose veins. he or she also will ask about your lifestyle, especially the number of hours that you spend on your feet. in women, your doctor will ask about your pregnancy history and about the tightness of elastics on the socks or stockings you wear. your doctor can diagnose varicose veins with a simple physical examination. in most cases, no special tests are necessary. varicose veins are a long-term problem, but symptoms can come and go. if you are pregnant and experiencing severe problems with varicose veins, your symptoms will improve after delivery. however, your varicose veins probably will not disappear totally, and you can expect symptoms to return during future pregnancies. you can help to prevent varicose veins by maintaining a normal weight and by avoiding situations where you must stand for prolonged periods. even with these preventive measures, however, you still may develop varicose veins if this condition tends to run in your family. if you already have varicose veins, you can prevent symptom flare-ups by periodically lying down or sitting down with your legs elevated above the level of your chest. some physicians also recommend that you wear support stockings or more specialized compression stockings when you walk or stand for long periods of time. the stockings prevent blood from pooling in the veins, and prevent strain on the valves and leg swelling. treatment for most people with mild symptoms of varicose veins includes: - elevating and supporting the legs periodically throughout the day - wearing compression stockings for varicose veins that are close to the skin, dermatologists or vascular surgeons may offer sclerotherapy or laser therapy. sclerotherapy involves injection of an irritating into the affected vein, causing the vein to scar and shut down. laser therapy can be effective for the smallest varicose veins. people with severe venous insufficiency can develop recurrent blood clots and skin ulcers. the traditional surgery is called vein stripping and ligation. in this surgical procedure, the abnormal veins are tied off and pulled out of the body through series of small cuts in the skin. another surgical procedure, called ambulatory phlebectomy, also removes veins through small skin incisions, but it is less invasive than classic stripping and ligation. newer therapies include endovenous thermal ablation and transilluminated power phlebotomy a modified form of ambulatory phlebotomy . endovenous thermal ablation uses laser or high-frequency radio waves to heat the abnormal veins. these newer procedures appear to cause less scarring, with less "down time." external laser therapy is reserved primarily for cosmetic removal of small, superficial, spider-like veins. when to call a professional call your doctor whenever you have pain, swelling, skin ulcers or an unexplained area of bruising on your legs. new leg swelling, especially in just one leg, can be caused by a blood clot, which requires immediate treatment. if you have varicose veins, call your doctor immediately if you develop an ulcer or a painful, black and blue area near a varicose vein or if you cut the skin over a varicose vein and you have trouble controlling the bleeding. varicose veins are a long-term problem, but their symptoms often can be controlled with leg elevation and therapeutic stockings. surgical procedures remove varicose veins permanently, but they leave scars, and they cannot prevent new varicose veins from forming. national heart, lung, and blood institute nhlbi p.o. box bethesda, md american college of surgeons acs 633 north saint clair st. chicago, il
__label__non_math	0.9998	only of all cancer cases in the u.s. are cancers of the testicle. but it is the most common form of cancer in young men. in , it is estimated that there will be ,600 new cases of testicular cancer, and that 360 men will die from this disease. there are several risk factors for testicular cancer: - most cases happen in young men, typically -years of age. but older men may also develop the disease. - failure of one or both testicles to descend from within the body before birth known as cryptorchidism . this raises the risk of cancer approximately ten-fold. - if there is cancer in one testicle, the risk for cancer in the other testicle goes up. - when a first-degree family member father, brother or son has been affected. - having klinefelters syndrome a congenital abnormality of chromosomes . but in the majority of cases, there arent any risk factors present. and there is no evidence that injuring the testicle or getting a sexually transmitted disease other than hiv increases the risk of cancer. if its detected early, testicular cancer responds exceptionally well to treatment. the survival rate for early-stage tumors is over . treatment is less effective if the diagnosis is delayed. you should see your doctor right away if: - you have pain in your testicle - you notice new lumps - any of your testicles gets bigger some doctors recommend that young men do regular testicle self-exams. but there is no proof that self-exam leads to earlier diagnosis and better outcomes.
__label__non_math	0.9993	gay and lesbian issues the adolescent years are full of challenges, many related to sex and sexual identity. these issues can be especially difficult for teens who are or think they may be homosexual. homosexual teens deserve the same understanding and respect as heterosexual teens, and it is important for everyone to know the facts about homosexuality. here are the basics. each of us has a biological sex we have a male or female body , a gender identity we feel like a male or female , and a sexual orientation we are attracted to males or females . homosexuality refers to a person's sexual orientation; homosexual teen-agers have strong romantic or sexual feelings for a person of the same sex. heterosexual teen-agers are attracted to people of the opposite sex, and bisexual teens are attracted to people of both sexes. the word "gay" is used to describe both men and women who are homosexual, with the word "lesbian" specifically referring to a homosexual woman. it is estimated that percent of the population in the united states and throughout the world is lesbian or gay. although scientists don't know why some people are homosexual and others are not, most believe that homosexuality is a normal variation of sexual orientation. it may be genetic, result from natural substances hormones in the body, be influenced by the environment before or after birth, or, most likely, several of these things working in combination. homosexual teens are found in all types of families. homosexuality is not caused by "bad parenting." if your teen is gay, it is not because of anything you or anyone else did. homosexuality also is not something a person chooses, nor is it an illness that can be cured. according to the american psychiatric association, so-called therapies such as "reparative therapy" and "transformational ministry" don't work and actually can be harmful, causing guilt and anxiety in homosexual teens. not all teen-agers who are attracted to members of the same sex are homosexual. many teens experiment with their sexuality during adolescence, in much the same way that they experiment with clothing, body art or music. this brief sexual experimentation is thought to be a normal part of sexual development. for homosexual teens, the attraction to people of the same sex is stronger and longer lasting. back to top every family is different. while one parent may find out by chance that a teen is homosexual, others may hear directly from their teen in person, in a letter or by a phone call. when a teen tells other people that he is homosexual, it's called "coming out." although this process sometimes can be difficult or painful for families, it also can be a time of tremendous growth. it is important to remember that all teens need their family's support and acceptance, especially when they are dealing with sensitive issues. back to top "coming out" can be scary and painful, and parents need to reassure their children that they will not be loved any less for sharing the truth about themselves. if your teen tells you he is gay, let him know that you love him unconditionally, and accept him no matter what. show your teen that you care by learning more about homosexuality. read books on the subject or check out reputable web sites such as talk to some adults you know who are gay. look for organizations or support groups in your community that can give you information on homosexuality. it will be easier for you to support your teen when you know more and are comfortable with the subject. parents may worry about how friends, neighbors and family will react to their teen's homosexuality. it is usually best not to share any information without your teen-ager's permission. unfortunately, prejudice against homosexuals is widespread, mostly due to ignorance and fear. when your teen is ready for you to let others know, you should talk with them about your teen's sexual orientation and help them to understand, by using what you have learned. back to top growing up as a homosexual in a mostly heterosexual society often is not easy. gay and lesbian adolescents sometimes must cope with unfair, prejudiced, and even violent behavior at school, at home and in the community. they may feel fear or be alone and unsupported. this can push some teens to use drugs and alcohol, engage in risky sexual behavior, or even attempt suicide. it is important that homosexual teens feel supported by their parents and always able to talk openly with them about these issues. overall, most gay and lesbian youth grow up to be well-adjusted and happy adults, with successful careers and family lives. books for parents of the newly out: "is it a choice? answers to 300 most asked questions about gay and lesbian people" by eric marcus "loving someone gay" by don clark, ph.d. "my child is gay" by bryce mcdougall, editor last updated
__label__non_math	0.7818	what are the odds? understanding risk last reviewed on by robert h. shmerling, m.d. beth israel deaconess medical center "if you take this medication, you will reduce your risk of disease by , and of people taking it have no serious side effects." sounds good, right? perhaps not. what if your chance of getting the disease is only one in ,000 but two people out of every 100 experience a deadly side effect? talk about risk doctors, nurses, reporters and drug advertisers often talk about risk, though they may not call it that. in fact, they often use other terms that sound logical and understandable such as "chance" or "likelihood" as in "if you smoke, you will increase your chances of having lung disease" . alternatively, they may couch the terms in personal experience as in "i think this medicine will help you; it works for most of my patients" . or, the message may be even more vague: when a doctor says "i think this therapy will help and i doubt it will cause you any problems," the doctor is really saying he or she hopes it helps because it usually does, but that there is a risk that the medication will cause side effects and or that it will not work. whether or not the word is used, these are all examples of risk, the notion that something might or might not happen and that the likelihood is not zero or . i was taught in medical school to "never say never and never say always," because absolute certainty is so rare. back to top risk is not simple risk is a trickier concept than many people think. it may seem like something to avoid at all costs, but the fact is that while you may be able to choose one risk over another, you cannot always avoid risk altogether. avoiding one risk may pose other risks. for example, if you have high blood pressure and a doctor prescribes a medication to lower it, there is a risk of side effects from the medication; but by avoiding the risk of having a side effect, you increase the risk that you will have a stroke due to untreated high blood pressure. many people view any risk at all as a terrible thing, but it is important to realize that it represents a chance that something will happen, not a certainty. even when talking about bad outcomes such as the risk of surgery or the risk of medication side effects , there is often an excellent chance that nothing bad will happen. consider this example. for a person suffering chronic arthritis and terrible joint pain for the last two years, symptoms probably will continue unless something changes such as starting an effective treatment . the risk of side effects from any medication is clearly important, but it must be weighed against the high risk that joint pain will continue. if three out of 100 people taking a high-dose anti-inflammatory medication such as ibuprofen develop a stomach ulcer each year that is, if the yearly risk is , it is important to weigh that against the risk of ongoing pain which is much higher . and it also means that out of 100 people will not suffer an ulcer as they enjoy the benefits of the medication. back to top the confusing ways to describe risk the other reason risk is confusing is that there are many ways it can be described. people may choose one way to describe risk to emphasize how high it is, while others use another way to express the same risk to downplay it. remarkably, the same risk can seem quite different depending on how it is expressed. one of the most common areas of confusion comes with the difference between absolute risk and relative risk. imagine that you are offered a choice of two medications to reduce your risk of a heart attack: - medication a will decrease your risk of heart attack by . - medication b reduces your risk from to . if you think that medication a sounds better, you are not alone. relative risk is described, by comparing the new risk with the risk before treatment. although vitally important, the actual risk with and without the medicine is not mentioned for medication a. if you thought medication b sounds less impressive, perhaps it's because knowing that the starting and ending risks are similar that is, knowing the actual, or absolute, risks makes the change seem less dramatic. this is particularly true when overall risk is very low or very high in the first place. although they provide a more accurate assessment of risk, expressions of absolute risk are often missing from news or ads. most of us would think that medication a is better. but as described, medication a and b could be the same drug. reducing a risk of in 100 to in 100 is identical to a relative risk reduction. so it is not surprising that what you usually read in news reports and see in advertisements are changes in relative risk rather than the more critical number, the absolute risk. the relative risk tends to be the larger and more persuasive number. for the person or advertiser trying to make a dramatic point, most people find it easier to relate to one number risk reduction for medication a rather than keeping track of the initial risk and how it changes with treatment to for medication b . however, the simplicity of relative risk comes at the cost of incomplete and potentially misleading information. without knowing where you started, a relative risk reduction of can be nearly meaningless. consider one of the most commonly prescribed medications in the world: the birth control pill. for nonsmoking women aged to , the risk of death attributed to side effects of the pill is estimated at about in 100,000 and doubles for women who are to . if a -year-old woman were told she has twice the risk of dying from a birth control pill than a woman under , she might incorrectly interpret this as high risk. in fact, even though her risk is slightly higher than for younger women by . , she is actually at a very low risk of dying, even lower than the estimated risk of death related to childbirth to per 100,000, also rising with age . there are, of course, other ways to express risk that shape how it is perceived. reports of new cases of prostate cancer diagnosed "every three minutes" or the lifetime risk of breast cancer being one in nine, are not very helpful in understanding your own particular risk. estimating your individual risk by considering factors known to affect it for example, smoking, which dramatically increases the risk of lung cancer is a better way to express risk. the generally quoted figure for the risk of getting struck by lightning is in 600,000, but it's much greater if you are holding a metal rod for instance, a golf club on a hill during a thunderstorm. risk tends to be better understood when broken down by a finite length of time, such as five or years, rather than over one's entire life. reports of lifetime risk may also include disease that has no bearing on one's overall health, such as a slow-growing prostate tumor that never affects health or longevity a common scenario among elderly men . back to top the bottom line it is important to acknowledge that risk is easy to misunderstand even with accurate and unbiased information. cynics say statistics can be used to argue any position, and there is some truth to that. but there are some simple measures you can take to get a better handle on risk: - acknowledge that risk is a fact of life and often cannot be avoided entirely. in fact, most decisions one makes about how to prevent or treat disease depend on balancing the risks and benefits of the treatment options. - look for reports that put the risk in context. one way is to compare one risk to another, more familiar risk. for example, the risk of contracting a rare disease could be compared with being struck by lightning, while a more common condition could be compared with the risk of injury or death in a car accident. - ask yourself if the source is objective and seeks only to inform you, or whether there is another goal in mind. sometimes it's easy: if the source is an advertiser trying to sell you something, the information is more likely to be biased. - beware of reports that use lifetime risk or ones that convert the number of cases per year to cases per day or hour. even if they are technically accurate, they are probably overemphasizing the point. what matters most is the absolute rather than the relative risk. in my initial example of the drug with a relative risk reduction with no serious side effects in of users, two fewer people out of every ,000 would get the disease, but 200 would experience a deadly side effect clearly an example of a treatment that is worse than the disease. but it's also an example of how misleading descriptions of risk can be. back to top robert h. shmerling, m.d. is associate physician at beth israel deaconess medical center and associate professor at harvard medical school. he has been a practicing rheumatologist for over years at beth israel deaconess medical center. he is an active teacher in the internal medicine residency program, serving as the robinson firm chief. he is also a teacher in the rheumatology fellowship program.
__label__non_math	0.7448	the satellite images displayed are infrared ir images. warmest lowest clouds are shown in white; coldest highest clouds are displayed in shades of yellow, red, and purple. imagery is obtained from the goes and meteosat geostationary satellites, and the two us polar orbiter poes satellites. poes satellites orbit the earth times each day at an altitude of approximately 520 miles 870 km . as each orbit is made the satellite can view a ,600 mile ,700 km wide area of the earth. due to the rotation of the earth the satellite is able to view every spot on earth twice each day. data from multiple orbits are mosaicked together to provide wide scale global and full earth views in a single image. occasional dark triangular areas that occur on poes images are a result of gaps in data transmitted from the orbiters. a weather satellite is a type of satellite that is primarily used to monitor the weather of the earth. these meteorological satellites, however, see more than clouds and cloud systems . city lights, fires, effects of pollution, auroras, sand and dust storms, snow cover , ice mapping, boundaries of ocean currents, energy flows, etc., are other types of environmental information collected using weather satellites. weather satellite images helped in monitoring the volcanic ash cloud from mount st. helens and activity from other volcanoes such as mount etna. smoke from fires in the western united states such as colorado and utah have also been monitored. other environmental satellites can detect changes in the earth's vegetation, sea color, and ice fields. for example, the oil spill off the northwest coast of spain was watched carefully by the european envisat, which, though not a weather satellite, flies an instrument asar which can see changes in the sea surface el ni o and its effects on weather are monitored daily from satellite images. the antarctic ozone hole is mapped from weather satellite data. collectively, weather satellites flown by the u.s., europe, india, china, russia, and japan provide nearly continuous observations
__label__non_math	1.0000	interflora british unit, interflora house, watergate, sleaford, lincolnshire, england ng34 7tb - company reg. no. - vat no. 853 the cookie settings on this website are set to "allow all cookies" to give you the very best experience. calls cost 5p per minute from a bt landline. mobile providers and other networks may vary.
__label__non_math	0.9966	selling sex appeal jenny armit lures visitors into agent provocateur's first los angeles store. edie cohen -- interior design, : there's a fine line between naughty and nice. jenny armit, a stylish brit with a distinctive sensibility, walked that line gracefully in her design of the west hollywood lingerie shop agent provocateur. like its two london predecessors, the american version is a pink-and-red fantasy that's part glamorous boudoir, part chic bordello. the clients joe corre and sarena rees wanted to bring a quality "of eclectic, eccentric london to los angeles," says the designer, and she certainly delivered it. before armit could begin work on the interior, she faced a full-scale renovation. the ,000-sq.-ft. site, which included a mezzanine, was previously a green grocer. not sexy. "we had to gut it and start again," remarks armit. her new arrangement accommodates the need for open sales space, customer privacy, an office, and storage. but practical concerns aside, agent provocateur is not about space planning. it's about a suggestive, erotically charged image. for the wall treatments, armit chose to replicate the backgrounds used in the london boutiques. the first floor is a hothouse of fuchsia palm fronds and flowers silk-screened on a silvered ground by london's k2 screen. in the second-floor office, armit covered the walls with british pop artist allan jones's handprinted papers from the 1960s, which feature repeated images of a leather-clad dominatrix, a frequent jones motif. the merchandise tantalizing lingerie and a complement of costume jewelry is displayed on vintage aluminum fixtures and in glass-fronted wooden cabinets, all bought at auction in london. the largest unit was placed two-thirds of the way into the space, creating a private zone at the rear. here, armit continues in a pop vein with studio 's classic bocca settee, a seating unit in the form of luscious red lips. but the ultimate agent provocateurs are the sales women. attired in flesh-toned mini-dresses scarcely longer than shirts, fluffy mules, and black fishnet stockings, they are perfect representatives of the store's aesthetic.
__label__non_math	0.9999	paypal will usually be the easiest way to pay for conference registrations. if however you wish to pay by either cheque or international bank transfer, please follow the steps below. bank transfers take between and working days, and our experience is that people's institutions sometimes take a week or two to inititate the payment. therefore, with regret, we will be reluctant to accept requests to pay by bank transfer after friday march 16th. if none of our payment options work for you, please and we'll figure out some other way to take your money. fill in the registration form and press the submit button. you'll be taken to a page headed registration - please confirm. at the foot of this page is a button labelled two-step checkout. press this button; on the next page is a table in which the bottom row is labelled custom and against it will be a number. email us this number and advise us of your intended method of payment. if you're paying by cheque on a uk bank, please make it out to international lisp conference ltd, write your custom number on the back of it and send it to: international lisp conference ltd pretoria road cambridge cb4 1he payment by check on a us bank is possible but not our favourite; please use paypal or international bank transfer if possible. please use the "natwest buys from you at" figure last column from this site to convert sterling to dollars and include your calculation in the email you send us. your check should be made out to the association of lisp users with your custom written number on the back, and should be sent to: association of lisp e. beech road sterling, va if you're paying by international bank transfer, you'll need the following details: skelmersdale wn8 6wt please ask your bank to remit the payment in sterling and to send the custom number as a reference for the payment. please read our policy regarding overpayments.
__label__non_math	1.0000	nuclear north korea as seen from capitals experts on the koreas, china, and the us say that north korea won't give up its nuclear arms and that differences between the us and negotiating partners, including ally south korea, will complicate six-party talks. south korea isn't alarmed, the united states isn't surprised, and china is indignant. panelists at a , event sponsored by the ucla center for korean studies cks , the ucla burkle center for international relations, and washington, d.c. based korea economic institute kei , said north korea's october test of a nuclear bomb and its agreement to return to six-party talks are creating diplomatic challenges in east asia. in opening remarks, ronald rogowski, interim vice provost and dean of the international institute and director of the burkle center, said, "it may be too early to celebrate north korea's return to the negotiating table." then panelists, each an expert on a single government's view, said that differences between south korea, china, and the united states' policies on north korea could complicate the upcoming six-party talks. university of hawaii professor emeritus dae-sook suh, the foremost western expert on north korea, described pyongyang's views. suh said the north koreans believe they have a right to arm themselves. scott rembrandt, director of research and academics at the kei said that beijing is taking strident measures against north korea. meanwhile, argued retired u.s. air force colonel william drennan, the united states is looking for concrete action rather than agreements that north korea will likely break. much to the outside world's surprise, south koreans were not alarmed by north korea's nuclear test in october, according to chaibong hahm, director of the university of southern california's korean studies institute. their ambivalence owed to deep suspicions about japanese nationalism and, increasingly, american imperialism. although south korea maintains the united states as an ally, its citizens' attitudes about the united states have seen an "extreme reversal," hahm said. in the united states' dealings with north korea, "the biggest casualty seems to be the trust between the united states and south korea." drennan agreed. the bush administration, he said, is "more frustrated with the rok south korea than the prc china . there is general dismay that the south korean government sees the north korean nuclear test as a u.s. problem." rembrandt noted that china dominates north korean finance. north korea relies on china for percent of its oil supply, for example. thus the nuclear test carried through despite china's very vocal opposition was a "slap in china's face." financial reports released last week show that china sent no crude oil to north korea in the month of september. rembrandt said he expects chinese banks' reactions to be just as severe. a-test no surprise for us citing sources in the bush administration, drennan said that the u.s. government has been preparing for north korea to go nuclear for years. he said the united states pursues only finely targeted sanctions meant to hurt the elite in north korea rather than the masses. north korea cited u.s. financial penalties on the macau banks it works with as the reason for its withdrawal from negotiations in april. but the u.s. position appears to be marked by internal disagreement over how to approach north korea, judging from comments by several panelists. "north korea has violated every international agreement it has ever signed," drennan said, leading critics of the six-party talks to question why the united states should negotiate at all. however, rembrandt said that the united states wants the six-party talks to go well to deter iran from pursuing a nuclear weapons program. some u.s. officials, drennan said in a question-and-answer period, would welcome a collapse of kim jong-il's regime. the panelists disagreed about what a collapse would mean to the region. suh said the united states would move into the area, while drennan and rembrandt said that that the untied states and south korea might be worried about a chinese incursion into the north of the peninsula. the u.s. concern is not so much that north korea will attack the united states -- a "suicidal gesture," said drennan -- but that it will sell its nuclear weapons to other states or to terrorists. skewed american perspective suh said that the american perspective of north korea is skewed. he cautioned that he was not lauding or apologizing for north korean policies, but said that blanket condemnation of the country is a mistake. "we always condemn north korea in this country. we ridicule kim jong-il." pyongyang sees u.s. policy is inconsistent because the superpower does not object to nuclear weapons in israel, india, or pakistan. the way north koreans see it, he said, all sovereign nations have a right to a nuclear deterrent. suh warned that north korea's move could touch off an arms race in the region, particularly in south korea, japan, and taiwan. in the question-and-answer period rembrandt responded that "china will never allow taiwan to go nuclear, so this is not a real concern for beijing." north korea operates in the service of two main goals, suh said. one is to join the global community -- north korea has not adjusted well since the end of the cold war -- and the other is simply to survive. this is why, suh said, "if the u.s. is waiting for north korea to collapse, they will have to wait a long time." a speaker to represent the japanese perspective was conspicuously missing from the panel. cks director john duncan, the panel moderator, said japan has a large stake in this discussion and will likely side with the united states in the six-party talks, leading to further friction in already difficult relations with china and south korea. the panelists did agree on one thing: north korea will not give up its hard-earned nuclear program.
__label__non_math	0.9999	item no. was .25final clearance sale - no returns accepted this product is currently not available. diesel grommet swim shorts reddiesel s grommet swim shorts make any spring or summer day an even better one. they sport today s popular shorter length with an inseam of just over two inches. the features include two side pockets, a waistband with elastic in back and an interior drawstring so that you can control the fit. they also include a velcro fly front with a snap button closure. contrast color tacking highlights the bottom of the fly and the side pockets. made from thick, heavy duty cotton and nylon, these quick-drying trunks include a full mesh liner and the quality and style for which diesel is famous. part of the diesel spring collection with a colorful diesel logo triptych on the left in back. machine wash warm. do not bleach. dry flat. imported. diesel swimwear diesel shorts
__label__non_math	1.0000	all children are required to have school lunches. these are cooked on the premises by aramark. aramark sends a menu home each month by email. the children are also provided with a snack in the morning or afternoon, depending on their lunch time. the snack consists of either fruit, yoghurt, milk, biscuits or a sandwich. when the children go on a school trip, aramark provides the packed lunch.
__label__non_math	0.9884	call this the ultimate bar brawler question among telephony geeks: is skype business-grade quality, or is it best used for calling the folks back in county donegal on the odd sunday for free? see: it's too soon to hang up on skype. it's a simple question, yes, but it spawns all the vitriol that asking baseball fans if roger clemens should be inducted into the hall of fame provokes. some experts, like the voip blogger andy abramson, are adamant that skype quality has plummeted since the microsoft acquisition a little over a year ago. abramson insisted in an interview with me conducted over skype, by the way that the quality of skype out calls to landlines has gotten substantially worse, particularly as microsoft has begun directing im traffic to skype and away from messenger. "calls are being dropped," he said. "it was a much simpler world when skype started years ago." now there are many telephone systems and connections. it's no longer a vanilla world of voice, and skype has not kept up with the many changes. "the world is waiting for the next skype, and it won't be skype." confession time: i have been making the bulk of my business calls over skype for the last two months. so far, i am reasonably pleased with the call quality. it could be better; some calls do drop. however -- and this is key -- it is no worse than the cellphone calls i had done my work with until a move a couple months ago to a cellular unfriendly neighborhood. in september, skype vowed to improve its call quality with the rollout of the opus specification. skype said opus will deliver cd-quality sound, pretty much regardless of the quality of the internet connection. reality: skype is by far the most popular free or nearly free voip calling service on the planet. statistics show that it has million users, and percent of small businesses use it as their primary communications tool. "there is now much more usage in small business," said dan roche, a vice president at the webcasting company talkpoint. skype has pulled its weight and then some in internal communications, where co-workers -- perhaps in the same office, perhaps in different countries -- use skype for video calling, file sharing, and a range of connections suited to today's dispersed workforces. the quality may not be quite what an executive wants for a business call to a client or a prospect, he said, but when it's internal chitchat, what's the harm? used selectively, skype appears to deliver what executives want, at least in particular cases. david gosse, ceo of the social collaboration tool provider tracky, called skype "best of breed in its space." for this blog, i heard from dozens of small businesses. many are using skype for all their communications. in bigger companies, the use case tends more toward internal communications also private calls; the traveling exec calling home from a hotel room for a free video chat with the family . but in companies of all sizes, little by little, skype use is growing, and there is no real competitor. where does that leave abramson and a few other telephony wonks who have leveled thick criticism at skype's quality? they aren't necessarily wrong, but the game, and how to keep score, are changing fast. there is a 900-pound gorilla in this room: cellular calling. for many in business, it has become the main way to make voice calls. and in most of the country, cellular just does not deliver top-grade call quality. the pertinence? as cell calls push the quality bar ever lower, it gets easier for skype to shine. frankly, our telephony norm today is far lower than what it was in . can you hear me now?
__label__non_math	1.0000	in just a few minutes, you could be searching thousands of photos of singles who live near you ready for a new relationship? register for free today at interracial singles and you can create your own profile, initiate contact with other members, perform searches and more sign up now meet interracial singles adventist singles online safety adventist dating gift subscription advertise with us spark networks limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of spark networks, inc., a nyse amex company lov . spark networks limited does not conduct background checks on the members or subscribers of this website.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the product and or page you're looking for is not available. click here to return to the homepage. to find what you're looking for, you may also want to try: faq page page or email product support at: you may also call our friendly and knowledgeable call center staff for current product availability and ordering.
__label__non_math	0.9996	recently added item s you have no items in your shopping cart. be the first to review this product availability: in stock click on image to zoom explore issues of step by step wire jewelry exactly as they were printed now in a new, convenient format. with this amazing cd collection, you ll get the entire season with full-color searchable pages, quick-print projects, and all the tips and how-tos the jewelry world trusts from step by step wire jewelry . add to cart
__label__non_math	1.0000	a great site and product this ph increase works great top notch products excellent product and pricing great way to buy ph increaser when you use more than just a small bottle in a summer. good savings,. comparable to name brand i have compared all the ingredients of ph increaser and chlorine tablets to other name brands and have found that they are the same at half the price.
__label__non_math	0.9997	... , catherine howard was beheaded for adultery at the tower of london. of this queen below right , the 5th of wives of the english king henry viii, this website writes: catherine howard did not have an impact upon english history. she is perhaps the most inconsequential of henry viii's six wives, her reign as queen a very brief eighteen months. she bore no children and made no lasting impression upon those who knew her. but it should be remembered that she was thirty years younger than her husband, a silly young girl who never understood the dangers of royal regard. her life was over before it had truly begun; we can only wonder how it might have ended differently.not a word of fault found with the fatally fickle king. ... , officials in the province of katanga announced that the man who'd served from june to september as congo's 1st prime minister, patrice lumumba, was dead. it was claimed that lumumba below left had been "killed by villagers trying to take him into custody"; however, years later that was deemed not to be the whole truth. according to the bbc: a belgian government inquiry into the murders reported in november that they would not have taken place without the complicity of belgian and american intelligence services. in february the belgian government made its first official apology for its part in the assassinations and has set up a m fund to encourage democracy and development in the democratic republic of congo.
__label__non_math	0.9999	kate wiley 202 633- smithsonian s lemelson center spotlights hollywood s history of innovation places of invention exhibition to feature development of technicolor the academy awards would be much less colorful without the innovations in 1930s and 40s hollywood filmmaking that the smithsonian s lemelson center for the study of invention and innovation will showcase in its upcoming places of invention exhibition, set to open in . initiative and creativity drove hollywood s golden age a time of great technological change in the motion picture industry, moving from silent and black-and-white to sound and color. places of invention will highlight the invention and adoption of technicolor, detailing the three-strip process used in the wizard of oz and gone with the wind and reveal the people behind its success, inventors herbert kalmus, daniel comstock and w. burton westcott, who set up shop in hollywood in . also integral to its success was natalie kalmus, a consultant for technicolor on many classic films who, in making decisions about makeup, costumes and lighting, controlled the aura of technicolor. our take on the hollywood story goes behind the camera to examine the inventions that significantly changed both the way movies were made and the complexity and popularity of movies themselves, said art molella, director of the center. the hollywood and technicolor stories exemplify the outcomes possible when creativity and collaboration are allowed to thrive. the invention and evolution of technicolor made possible such awards as best visual effects while transforming hollywood into a hot spot of innovation a place where a critical mass of inventive people, networks, institutions and funding come together and creativity flourishes. this year alone, six of the nine nominees for best picture implemented various technicolor technologies in their films. overall, films nominated for oscars employed technicolor s various offerings in their respective films. places of invention made possible by a .million grant from the national science foundation will feature a selection of hot spots of invention and innovation. the planned ,500-square-foot exhibition will focus on the mid-19th century to the present and will feature hands-on experiences based on inventive skill-building and illustrating the ways that places and social collaboration shape the inventive process. for more on the exhibition, visit the smithsonian s lemelson center s activities advance scholarship on the history of invention, share stories about inventors and their work and nurture creativity in young people. the center embodies a philosophy akin to that of the inventors we study, of valuing creativity and embracing the potential rewards of intellectual risk-taking. the center is supported by the lemelson foundation, a private philanthropy established by one of the country s most prolific inventors, jerome lemelson, and his family. the lemelson center is located in the national museum of american history. for more information, visit
__label__non_math	0.9991	the speed of the internet: we were all set to summarize our thoughts on the south carolina supreme court's opinion in dunes west golf club, llc v. town of mount pleasant, no. - , a case involving equal protection, substantive due process, and takings claims, when dean patty salkin at the law of the land blog beat us to it. see "sc supreme court finds no takings after council denies rezoning for golf club property" for the details. this one thing caught our eye in the opinion. the court held that the "substantially advance a legitimate state interest" test, which the u.s. supreme court in lingle v. chevron usa inc., 544 u.s. 528 held was a test of substantive due process and not one of takings law, was the same thing as the "rational conceivable basis" test. in other words, the term "substantially advance" is mere hortatory fluff, and really means only "not arbitrary and capricious." to us, those words sound different, but what do we know. oh well, it doesn't really matter since the court held first that the the plaintiff did not have a property interest in the zoning remaining the same, and thus did not establish the predicate to a due process claim of having property that was alleged to have been deprived without due process.
__label__non_math	0.9991	this week we look at the second half of my speech from a few weeks ago at my annual strategic investment conference in la jolla. if you have not read the first part, you can review it in the website. the first few paragraphs are a repeat from last week, to give us some context. please note that this is somewhat edited from the original, and i have added a few ideas. you can also go there to sign up to get this letter sent to you free each week. okay, when you become a central banker, you are taken into a back room and they do a dna change on you. you are henceforth and forever genetically incapable of allowing deflation on your watch. it becomes the first and foremost thought on your mind: deflation, we can't have it.... filed under: the fed, recession, gold, employment, inflation, gdp, consumer spending, velocity of money, deficit, trend, great experiment
__label__non_math	0.9700	nexen takes three the anchor handler market remains very tight after a flurry of fixtures since yesterday. however psv availability has grown with only a solitary charter to report. oms and total made the running today with a pair each and nexen took three for a rig move, brokers say. total appears to be paying a premium for a pair of vessels to use at the elgin platform, which was evacuated yesterday following a gas leak. the french major is shelling out an eyewatering ,500 per day each for the 220-tbp loke viking built and 300-tbp siem aquamarine built . the 202-tbp havila neptune built , 297-tbp siem opal built and 260-tbp olympic hera built will join canada s nexen for undisclosed rates. oms hired the 180-tbp highland valour built and 183-tbp bourbon orca built for the chain changeout at the ocean guardian. a fee of ,000 per day has been agreed for the first vessel and up to ,000 daily for the second, brokers say. marathon grabbed the 200-tbp stril commander built to move the transocean winner. brokers say the company is paying nok 495,000 per day for the vessel. in the day s only psv fixture, petersen picked up the ,300-dwt dina supplier built , though no-one is saying how much the company is paying. by jason o'connell in london published: gmt, mar
__label__non_math	1.0000	try the art of transfection with over ,000 citations and almost years in the lab, lipofectamine transfection reagents are the most cited in the world. please complete the form below to request a sample of one of invitrogen's cutting-edge transfection reagents or to request a demonstration of the new neon transfection system .
__label__non_math	0.7141	competent cells for high throughput cloning multishot stripwell competent cells are packaged in versatile stripwell tubes - l aliquots , making them ideal for efficient high-throughput htp as well as medium-throughput cloning applications. which competent cell strain is right for you? note: both the top10 and mach1 competent cells have: the lacz m15 for blue white color screening of recombinants, the reca mutation to minimize non-specific recombination in cloned dna, enda1 mutation for increased plasmid yield and quality, and the hsdr mutation for efficient transformation of unmethylated dna from pcr amplifications.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the news site al.com reports that a passerby called 911 in birmingham on thursday morning after seeing the woman slumped over her steering wheel at a traffic light. police say officers roused the woman and removed her from the suv. authorities say she was handcuffed and taken to the city jail on a dui charge. a photo of the woman by al.com showed fake blood covering much of her torso as she was apprehended. details on her identity weren't immediately available.
__label__non_math	0.9997	durban - searching for the perfect recipes for lent? the christian fast, which began recently and continues until easter, is typically acknowledged as the period in which many people abstain from meat or other pleasures. it is said that centuries ago people ate fish during this time because it could quite simply be caught and was easily available unlike meat which was an expense. fish was considered the poor man s food and therefore the humblest option for fasting. things have changed these days, but fish remains popular during lent. these fish recipes come from some of the world s most well-known chefs websites: the barefoot contessa ina garten s mustard roasted fish fish fillets salt and freshly ground black pepper cup cr me fra che 3tbs dijon mustard 1tbs whole-grain mustard 2tbs minced shallots 2tsp drained capers preheat the oven to 220c. line a sheet pan with parchment paper. you can also use an ovenproof baking dish. place the fish fillets skin side down on the sheet pan. sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. combine the cr me fra che, mustards, shallots, capers, teaspoon salt, and teaspoon pepper in a small bowl. spoon the sauce evenly over the fish fillets, making sure the fish is completely covered. bake for to minutes, depending on the thickness of the fish, until it s barely done. the fish will flake easily at the thickest part when it s done. be sure not to overcook it. serve hot or at room temperature with the sauce from the pan spooned over the top. jamie oliver s fish pie this is a fantastically simple fish pie which doesn t involve poaching the fish or making a tedious white sauce. loads of good, fragrant vegetables are added quickly by grating them in. you can use whatever fish you like, making this as luxurious as you want it to be. if you like your fish pie creamy, feel free to add a few tablespoons of cr me fra che to the fish. some of the supermarkets now offer lovely packs of different fish and shellfish for using in fish pies. keep a look-out, and if you buy one you want it to be about 700 to 750g in weight for this recipe. freshly ground black pepper sticks celery 150g good-quality cheddar cheese fresh red chilli sprigs fresh flat leaf parsley 300g salmon fillets, all fish should be from sustainable sources, ask your fishmonger, skin off and bones removed 300g undyed smoked haddock fillets, skin off and bones removed 125g raw peeled king prawns good handful spinach, chopped, optional ripe tomatoes, quartered, optional preheat the oven to 200 c and bring a large pan of salted water to the boil. peel the potatoes and cut into 2cm chunks. once the water is boiling, add your potatoes and cook for around minutes, until soft you can stick your knife into them to check . meanwhile, get yourself a deep baking tray or earthenware dish and stand a box grater in it. peel the carrot. grate the celery, carrot and cheddar on the coarse side of the grater. use the fine side of the grater to grate the zest from the lemon. finely grate or chop your chilli. finely chop the parsley leaves and stalks and add these to the tray. cut the salmon and smoked haddock into bite-size chunks and add to the tray with the prawns. squeeze over the juice from the zested lemon no pips please by now your potatoes should be cooked, so drain them in a colander and return them to the pan. drizzle with a couple of good lugs of olive oil and add a pinch of salt and pepper. mash until nice and smooth, then spread evenly over the top of the fish and grated veg. place in the preheated oven for around minutes, or until cooked through, crispy and golden on top. serve piping hot with tomato sauce, baked beans, steamed veg or a lovely green salad. gordon s ramsay s fish cakes with anchovy dressing 400g waxy potatoes, scrubbed tbsp olive oil finely grated zest of large lemon -3tbs lemon juice a few thyme sprigs lemon, sliced 300g salmon fillet 300g smoked haddock fillet handful of flat leaf parsley, chopped handful of chervil, chopped 3tbs plain flour medium eggs, lightly beaten 50g japanese panko breadcrumbs tbsp olive oil freshly ground black pepper for the anchovy dressing: 2tbs drained, rinsed capers shallots, peeled and finely chopped bunch of flat leaf parsley, leaves only, chopped marinated anchovies, chopped 4tbs extra-virgin olive oil cut the potatoes into even-sized pieces and add to a pan of well-salted water. bring to the boil and cook for -minutes until tender; drain well. while hot, mash the potatoes using a potato ricer back into the pan. mix in the olive oil, lemon zest and juice, and seasoning. let cool. meanwhile, add the thyme, lemon slices and salmon to a wide pan of slowly simmering salted water and poach for one minute. slide in the smoked haddock and gently poach for another four to five minutes until both fish are almost cooked through. transfer to a plate, using a fish slice. when cool enough to handle, break the fish into large flakes, discarding the skin and any pin bones. mix the fish and herbs into the mashed potatoes, using your hands. check the seasoning. divide into four and shape into neat patties. season the flour with salt and pepper and use to coat the fish cakes. then dip into the egg and finally into the breadcrumbs, turning to coat evenly all over. reshape them as necessary and place on a tray or plate. chill for two hours to firm up. heat the oven to 180c. heat a thin layer of olive oil in a wide ovenproof frying pan. fry the fish cakes for two to three minutes until golden brown, then flip over and fry the other side for one to two minutes. finish cooking in the oven for five to seven minutes. make the dressing by gently warming all the ingredients together in a pan for three to four minutes. spread a generous spoonful of dressing on each warm plate and rest a fish cake in the centre. serve with peas or green beans. - the mercury
__label__non_math	1.0000	get a child in need a pair of shoes for free reality concepts have saturated the industry. fact. and in some cases to ad nauseam levels. while celebrities have shamelessly agreed to become cash cows for producers, chefs like gordon ramsay, jamie oliver, heston blumenthal, james martin and nigella lawson have managed to secure their slice of the reality pie. buddy valastro s cake boss show on tlc offers two-pronged benefits with the entertaining drama that unfolds between the vociferous valastro family and the staff at carlo s bakery in hoboken, new jersey; and the informative aspect where amateurs glean useful baking tips from valastro s awe-inspiring masterpieces. on the show s soaring ratings since its debut in april , valastro says all credit goes to mia famiglia he adds: carlo s bakery is a family business and cake boss showcases that. our fans get to see the day-to-day of a family business and that makes us special. how has the series grown from the first season? you know, as carlo s bakery grows, so too does the show. we have a lot of projects coming up that i am looking forward to showcasing. our cake factory is now open and the decorating and baking classes we have going on now allow the show to share our fans personal interaction with us, he explains. offering highlights from the fifth instalment, he says: fans will get to see some amazing cakes, new projects we ve got going on and, of course, a lot of mia famiglia as the title suggests, cakes are the big drawcard and valastro hasn t disappointed with his feats. my most amazing work would be the nascar cake and the transformer cake. and the one that i made for my wife for her 30th birthday was pretty amazing too, admits the father of four. while he loves his family, their quarrels certainly boost the audience ratings. of the scenes he wishes he could do over, valastro admits: you know, there were times when i went off a little too much yelling screaming but i always come back and apologise. when you re working with family, it happens. but it s your family who will always forgive you. given the increased foot traffic at carlo s bakery, which has now become a tourist hotspot, the talented baker has even more reason to smile. business is going strong and we have plans in the works to open some others so stay tuned as for the reception to his books: cake boss: stories and recipes from mia famiglia and baking with the cake boss: 100 of buddy s best recipes and decorating secrets, he enthuses, the response has been incredible. cake boss: stories and recipes from mia famiglia was my opportunity to share the whole story. from my italian bread-baking roots to my cake boss present with a few recipes to boot. the second book is a more complete mix of my favourite recipes and personal connections to them. one of the coolest parts about them is that they both made the ny times best-seller list. moving on to his spin-off shows, next great baker and kitchen boss, he reveals: we re really excited for the next seasons of the shows. it s been rewarding to work with young, talented bakers and chefs and really see what they ve got. excited about his live demonstrations at the good food wine show in cape town from thursday, he also admits, it s going to be a blast interacting with the audience and personally sharing my story. of course, i m going to try the local flavours and desserts. with all the sweet tv deals he is making, not to mention the expansion of his business, valastro can afford to have his cake and eat it.
__label__non_math	1.0000	subscribe now to our new travel newsletter their cheeks pressed up against the windows, the mass of bodies in the compartments leans to the side as one as the train slows coming in to the station. there is no complaining, at most an isolated groan. the doors open and the pressure eases as passengers fall out of the doors. the next group is waiting on the platform ready to board. tokyo's citizens call the daily rush hour in the world's largest conurbation tsukin jigoku, or commuter hell. images of rail workers pushing passengers into the full compartments on certain stations are one of the most frequently seen visual cliches of life in japan, but tokyo is much more than a throng of millions living on top of each other. the japanese capital has its charming side as well. driving into tokyo, the first impression is of a host of skyscrapers soaring upwards. the numbers have risen over recent years, the city appearing to grow skywards because of lack of space on the ground. there are almost million people crowded into the city area's wards. if the entire conurbation is taken into account, the megacity of tokyo is easily home to more than million. tourists are drawn to areas like shibuya with its pulsating nightlife and huge video screens - a neon jungle of loud music and hordes of colourfully dressed young people. but the view out from the top of a skyscraper over the city that never sleeps reveals a different tokyo - a sea of mostly low buildings. the megacity is often affectionately referred to as the city of a thousand villages. sawako, a -year-old housewife, lives in nakano, one of these villages, along with her family of four. she and her husband have just put themselves into debt for decades to build a tiny house for themselves. if sawako sticks her arm out of the window, she can almost touch the neighbours' houses. her living room covers less than square metres, and her bedroom just . the streets of the neighbourhood are alleyways unable to accommodate two cars passing each other. nevertheless she is content. with this house we have made a dream come true, sawako says. the crowded chaos and the tangle of houses lends a charming quality. there are still small corner shops everywhere and tiny doctor's surgeries tucked away. every evening the tofu seller comes along on his bicycle ringing his bell. many of tokyo's neighbourhoods look like nakano. the dense housing packed higgledy-piggledy together ensures that the traffic noise from the main thoroughfares scarcely penetrates. there are few gardens and those that exist are so small they do not justify the name. but, despite its steel and concrete, tokyo is surprisingly green. gardening as it is called, has become a passion for japanese city dwellers. the tiniest spaces, often just a few centimetres, are utilised to plant flowers or shrubs, or to position flower pots around the houses. tokyo also has its large parks like shinjuku gyoen, a green lung for the huge city. given the high cost of housing, many simply cannot afford to own their own homes in tokyo and are compelled to move to outlying areas or to neighbouring yokohama, subjecting themselves to hours of commuting and the crush of the tokyo tsukin jigoku. while tokyo bursts at the seams, entire rural areas are emptying of their inhabitants. many villages are home to the elderly only, with the young leaving for the major cities in search of work and greater opportunities. there are also fewer and fewer children. japan is one of the most rapidly ageing societies in the industrialised world. - sapa-dpa
__label__non_math	1.0000	at this point, we like to give you some background information about us, the people behind iono music and about our plans and intentions for our label. but first of all we like to thank our loved wives and children for tolerating our follies. we also thank our label partners and friends for supporting and helping us with our work day by day. and we thank you, the iono audience for sharing our music taste and supporting our artists by buying their stuff. why we love what we do when we started our label work we have fixed our label s maxim: we will never release any track of music we do not really love - also when it goes into a more trendy or popular direction than that we obviously prefer. so, you may call our music progressive, psychedelic, full -on, electro, ambient, techno, house, old or new school - we simply call it high quality electronic music. we don t mind about styles and names, the music only has to express deep passion, individual qualitative power and strong musical skills of its producer. on those basics this music began to exist many years ago.positive, more or less innovative trends, influences and movements will come and go like they always used to do. of course we know that trance music can not re-invent itself anymore and some people say that in this music genre any story has been told already. but isn t that a fact which also applies to every kind of music style? classic, jazz, pop, each music direction has been following its own pattern for years, decades and centuries - and has still its magic. our label and all artists are working hard to keep the magic in this music alive for anyone who feels the same pleasure like we do. iono music was founded in by matthias sperlich. he was born in and resident in berlin, germany. he works as a professional vfx-artist for cinema and tv as a freelancer.creationpool - agentur f r internet und webdesign in berlin - cms, flash, online, programmierung, joomla, webseite, actionscript, redaktionssystem, html
__label__non_math	1.0000	state-of-the-art surgical care has been a part of iowa methodist medical center for more than a century. welcome to the surgery department of unitypoint health - des moines located at iowa methodist medical center, blank children's hospital, iowa lutheran hospital and methodist west hospital. we offer many surgical treatment options and have an excellent record of successful outcomes. our wide range of specialists perform more than ,000 procedures each year. we work in conjunction with physicians and surgeons from our community to provide a full spectrum of the most advanced surgical techniques available. we are dedicated to making your surgical experience a successful one and strive to make you as comfortable as possible during your stay with us. our staff and physicians are dedicated to providing exceptional surgical care in an environment dedicated to comfort, safety and respect.
__label__non_math	0.9996	this full website whois and analysis report on haarenik.nl was ran on . hostnet b.v. de ruijterkade 1013aa amsterdam netherlands we include detailed information like the server ip address which is 220.127.116.. haarenik.nl resides at planet technologies in wijchen, , netherlands. the haarenik.nl whois shows that the registrar is hostnet b.v. de ruijterkade 1013aa amsterdam netherlands - but a full analysis for haarenik is below to assist you in your research including whois, alexa traffic rank, and server details. the official title of haarenik.nl is: home the official description of haarenik.nl is: de thuiskapster van 040 it is cest when you ran this report for haarenik.nl here on our website, ip-adress.com. when it comes to haarenik.nl, you can trust that if we have whois information available for it, we will display it further below to assist in your research of haarenik.nl. feel free to run another haarenik related search, or start a new query. the whois report for haarenik.nl was ran at cest on and the information is provided below if available. view comments on this haarenik whois website report below or add your own comment about haarenik.nl. now you can review additional whois data for haarenik.nl below. things like the status of haarenik, expiration date of haarenik.nl, and haarenik name servers. don't forget that haarenik could have other domain extensions you might want to run a whois search for and get further information about haarenik owned services.
__label__non_math	1.0000	this full website whois and analysis report on hottestcatalog.com was ran on . it is cest when you ran this report for hottestcatalog.com here on our website, ip-adress.com. when it comes to hottestcatalog.com, you can trust that if we have whois information available for it, we will display it further below to assist in your research of hottestcatalog.com. feel free to run another hottestcatalog related search, or start a new query. the whois report for hottestcatalog.com was ran at cest on and the information is provided below if available. view comments on this hottestcatalog whois website report below or add your own comment about hottestcatalog.com. now you can review additional whois data for hottestcatalog.com below. things like the status of hottestcatalog, expiration date of hottestcatalog.com, and hottestcatalog name servers. don't forget that hottestcatalog could have other domain extensions you might want to run a whois search for and get further information about hottestcatalog owned services.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the ipa takes privacy issues seriously and is committed to protecting information that it holds in its database about its members, ipa candidates, and non members. this policy explains what information the ipa has in its database about you, how that information is used, to whom it is disclosed and how it is stored and protected. this information is processed by ipa staff in its central office in london or on occasion by trusted third parties for example for congress registrations. what information do we keep about you? it is a condition of ipa membership that your name, society, addresses, languages, telephone numbers and email addresses, together with your training analyst and child analyst statuses are recorded in the ipa database. the ipa also collects other information about you, which will not be disclosed to others, such as any donations you have made, loans you have received, details of services you have requested from the ipa, including registration for conferences, purchase of publications and other such items. how do we use your information? the ipa uses your contact details to communicate with you and to enable you to get the most out of the ipa services available. for example, the ipa will use your contact details to distribute information about special programmes, newsletters, publications, or congress news. it will also allow you to register for conferences, make donations and buy products or other special services offered by the ipa. to whom is your information disclosed? your personal information listed above is held in a password protected area of the ipa website. each member, ipa candidate and other authorised individuals will have his or her own unique and secure password and may use it to access your information. you can modify parts of this information by going online to the ipa website and changing the information yourself. the ipa may also share your contact details with ipa societies, the regional psychoanalytic organisations and the supplier of the database for maintenance purposes . sharing your information in this way may mean transferring your data outside the european economic area. in providing us with your information you consent to any such transfers. the ipa will provide a find an analyst function on its website. your name, society with its contact address , your training and child analyst statuses, together with your languages will be displayed publicly on this function. you will be offered the option of selecting any part of or all of your office contact details held in the ipa database to display through this function. no personal contact data will be displayed unless you choose to allow this. how secure is my information? the ipa will ensure that your personal information is stored securely, using sufficient and up-to-date protection measures. on the ipa website, your personal contact details will be located in a password-protected section of the site. emails you receive from the ipa sometimes use web beacons to compile information about your interaction with such emails. a web beacon is an electronic image, called a single-pixel, web bug, tracking bug, tracking pixel, pixel tag or clear gif . web beacons can recognize certain types of information on your computer such as the time and date of a page viewed, and a description of the folder where the email is stored. you may be able to disable web beacons in email messages by not downloading images contained in the message you receive. this feature varies depending on the email software used on your personal computer . however, this may not always disable a web beacon or other automatic data collection tools in the email message due to specific email software capabilities. for more information about this, please refer to the information provided by your email service provider. if you receive emails or newsletters from the ipa we may automatically collect personal information about you. for example, through web beacons and personalized urls embedded in these emails or newsletters, the ipa can track whether you ve opened those messages and whether you ve clicked on links contained within those messages. for more information on embedded web links, see below. embedded web links emails from the ipa often use links designed to lead you to a relevant area on the ipa website. this system allows the ipa to determine the effectiveness of our various initiatives and campaigns. in emails, such web links may also allow the ipa to determine whether you have clicked a link in an email, and this information about the interaction may be connected to your personal data in the ipa database. if you do not want the ipa to collect information about the links that you select, you can choose not to click any links in an email that the ipa sends. any changes made to this policy will be posted on this website. we may alert you to such changes and ask you to review them from time to time. changes to the policy will be dated below. how can you contact us? if you wish to change any part of your contact details, you can do so by using the ipa website or by contacting the ipa central office for assistance. if you have a data protection enquiry, please contact the ipa membership secretary, by email at email change record of approvals by the ipa board: july : first approved, as amended from previous versions.
__label__non_math	0.9999	shall we g t down to business? campaign: shall we g t down to business? entrant: bartle bogle hegarty principal authors: richard helyar - bbh, tass tsitsopoulos - bbh contributing authors: vishal patel - data2decisions, sunny sandhu - data2decisions, katherine munford - data2decisions credited companies: diageo - client, nielsen - research agency, nielsen - research agency, carat - media agency in , gin was a category in decline. it was losing out to wine as people s opening drink and wasn t seen as contemporary. rather than pick a fight over quality and battle for the christmas drinking market, gordon s restated the role of gin as the best way to start any evening and established gordon s as the definitive brand in the category. the campaign was built around two well-known actors, philip glenister and emilia fox, cast as themselves, to personify the kick and bubbly character of a g t. the campaign delivered sales of .42m with a payback of .. this campaign was seen by the judges as a good example of brand leadership. communications were used to resurrect gordon s from its unfashionable status, and reposition the brand within its category, successfully creating a new moment for gin to be enjoyed.
__label__non_math	0.9716	- koni sport front strut - s60 v70 s80 - policies koni uses hydraulic technology for damping control where all of our other performance shocks use hydraulic and high pressure nitrogen gas. the effect of this in our opinion is that the koni provides a plusher and softer ride while providing excellent control. konis are firm, but they transition so smoothly the perception is that they are soft. konis are also adjustable so that as they wear with age, you can adjust the damping control to compensate. lifetime warranty. not for use on lowered cars or cars with 4c active suspension. technical tips articles product related files downloads product status availability adding items to your shopping cart and placing an order is only an intent to purchase. we will not charge you for anything until we can ship the products you ordered. we will do everything we can to fill your order in a timely manner. you can cancel your order at any time prior to shipment. this non-stocked product is available to order plus backorders are allowed. this is considered a non-stocked product. we usually only order it from the supplier when there is a customer backorder for it. this item is not currently in stock but placing a backorder now will let us know that you want it. we will get it for you as soon as we can. it typically takes us days or less to get stock here and ready for shipping.
__label__non_math	0.9919	200 700 900 suspension upgrade stages if you re missing the bacon, a blt sandwich is just not quite the same similar to engine maintenance stage zero, your suspension has some common parts that should be inspected replaced as maintenance items. although they need replacing much less frequently, they are no less important. inspect all front and rear bushings and check your shocks and struts for proper compression and rebound damping and for any fluid leakage. while you re there, check for torn boots on the ball joints, tie rod ends and inner tie rods. it s also a good idea to check for any excessive play in any moving parts and inspect all your mounts. once you ve determined the status of all your suspension parts you can move forward with replacement. if you re considering upgrading, now s the time to substitute performance parts for standard replacement parts with your worn suspension parts now properly ironed out you can move on to the fun stuff boge automatics these are the most comfort minded shocks we offer. they are the oem shocks on many volvo models. boge turbo gas bilstein touring class both of these represent a step up in performance. they are firmer than stock and allow for more spirited driving and a more precise road feel in all driving conditions. these are a good mid-range shock for those who want a noticeable upgrade without sacrificing too much ride compliance. bilstein heavy duty koni if you re looking for the ultimate shock that you will likely never have to replace these are what you re looking for. both of these represent a much stiffer ride than stock. don t be scared away though although these are stiffer, they are also very precise in their damping. this precise damping translates into a ride that still feels very smooth. if you re planning on tracking the car, or just want your volvo to handle on the street more like their european brethren, these are the shocks for you. in stage two we come to the suspension performance part for any volvo ipd anti-sway bars. anti-sway bars have been ipd s best seller for over years and represent the most significant return on investment of any product we sell. it s often remarked by customers and employees alike that if you only buy one thing ever from ipd, it should be anti-sway bars for your volvo. anti-sway bars will drastically reduce the amount of body roll your car experiences around corners and increase ride comfort to boot. all this translates into much more precise handling and control over your swede with absolutely zero trade-off in ride quality. stage two also encompasses upgrading your suspension bushings to polyurethane. not only will you get a tighter, more in control feel; you ll get parts that will last much longer than stock rubber replacement bushings. stage three beyond by now your vehicle is behaving much better on the road than it ever has before. at this point we are putting the icing on the cake and really dialing it in. stage consists of these additional components: ipd sport springs these serve two distinct purposes. first, they bring down the car about .to inches, which lowers the car s center of gravity, and gives better lateral stability. second, the spring rate is - stiffer. like stiffer shocks, this means a more precise ride and feel. lowering coils also give your car a slightly more aggressive look. adjustable torque rods and adjustable panhard rod a lowered car has slightly different suspension geometry than a stock height car. because of the static length of the original torque rods and panhard rod the body of the car and the driveline can shift slightly off center. the advantage of ipd adjustable torque rods and panhard rod is the ability to perfectly true everything up. this can help with issues of driveline vibration and rear wheel rub. chassis braces under stress, your volvo s chassis flexes. when it does flex the driver feels it as uneasiness in the steering or the feeling of having to constantly correct the steering in order to keep a constant radius turn. the perfect example of this is a freeway on-ramp. next time you re taking a sweeping, set turn, make an effort to really feel what your hands are doing and look at them if you can safely do so. you ll notice that you are likely constantly making small corrections to keep the car going where you want it to. upper and lower braces are the answer.
__label__non_math	0.9998	photo taken on cher administrateur mod rateur, acceptez-vous que cette photo soit ajout e aux groupes : you have requested to add this photo to the following groups: you have suggested to the owner of this photo to add it to these groups: pseudousa gestapo avatar, and other people have particularly liked this photo sign-in to post a comment.
__label__non_math	1.0000	apple launched its new iphone just few time back and soon after that it again released its new operating system ios ... iphone has been the most famous handset and it has given a tough competition to its rival samsung. this phone uses the ios with various features. but soon after its release, they introduced the new os which can be installed into the phone. there are certain steps to upgrade the iphone to the new operating system. the procedure is listed below. thus the above are the steps or procedure that is required to know in order to install the newer ios.
__label__non_math	1.0000	at the tail end of last year, i posted news on some touchscreen gloves, from dutch company mujjo. these gloves were designed to look good, keep your hands warm in winter, and yet still let you use your iphone or other touch screen device the way it was intended. well tom canters, the founder of mujjo sent me a pair of these gloves, and all last winter i used them exclusively including the time i helped shoot the alfa romeo video on ice , and they really do work, and as a result, they now form part of my winter kit. with winter approaching, mujjo have just released an updated version of these great gloves, the aw -, with optimised balance of insulation, conductivity, insulation, aesthetics and fit although in my opinion, there was nothing wrong with the original design . priced at .euros, these new gloves now come in a range of colours, black, natural grey, sandstone, lavender and coral pink. for more information on these gloves, or to order a pair, head over to mujjo.com
__label__non_math	1.0000	call today for a quote murals and wall art call for a quote 832-646- today i. p. international painters provides custom high quality murals and wall art to residents and businesses in the woodlands, spring, conroe, klein, tomball and north houston metro areas. murals and wall art create illusions, special effects and can even capture a period of time. from creating victorian styles or aged environments to bringing excitement into a child's room. murals and wall art involves the greatest talents and brings to life your ultimate creative imagination. murals and wall art have a wide range of applications, from simple to complicated and are not for everyone. the mural or art work type, the application process and the amount of detail determines the time and costs involved. from corner accents to complete room murals, we have the talent, skills and knowledge to make your imagination a reality. we'll show you samples as well as educate you on the entire process for each mural or wall art application. we know you have a choice, your complete satisfaction is guaranteed. click here for bathroom tile projects photos click here for decorative and faux finishes example photos click here for commercial exterior painting projects photos click here for residential exterior painting projects photos click here for floor staining example photos click here for granite and backsplash project photos click here for home lead containment project photos click here for before and after remodel photos click here for mural photos click here for before and after kitchen photos click here for remodeling project photos click here for varner hogg museum lead containment project photos
__label__non_math	1.0000	rhino cement, under the ownership of athi river cement of kenya, is going to commission two largest plants in east and central africa beginning next month. the plants with the total capacity of producing .million tonnes of cement annually are in the final stages of construction and staff recruitment at mkuranga in coast region and tanga city in tanzania. the mkuranga plant, with the capacity of 750,000 tonnes is coming up for commissioning next month while that of tanga will start production next year. speaking to this paper recently athi river mining limited public relations and communication manager julius nyabicha said the company is currently recruiting staff to begin production at mkuranga. he said the mkuranga plant will employ 300 people, of whom 100 will be skilled and the remaining unskilled. the tanga plant, with the capacity of .million tonnes annually is in the final stages of construction and is due to start work next year. besides cement production, he said, the factory will also produce million tonnes of clinker annually for own use and sale to other cement producing companies, he added. upon completion, the tanga plant is expected to employ more than ,000 staff, he said. nyabicha said the mining company has decided to invest in tanzania because of the country s vast demand in cement, prevalence of a conduicive investment climate, availability of raw material and the leadership s willingness to welcome foreign investment. he said the company sees high power costs and its availability as some of the biggest challenges it is going to face. to overcome them, he said, the mining firm plans to start production of its own power at mkuranga township. we are going to commission production using 6mw generators per day, he said. later, he said, the company will come up with a power generating plant to harness hydroelectric power within the country, he said. he said its plans are to produce at least 66mw for its mkuranga 6mw and tanga 25mw plants out of which the remaining would be sold to the state power utility.
__label__non_math	1.0000	thousands of sports lovers, especially in soccer, turned up yesterday at the tcc club chang ombe in temeke to pay last respects to simba midfielder patrick mafisango, , who died in a road accident on thursday night. people from all walks of life including various government officials who were led by the minister for information, youth, culture and sports, dr fennela mukangara paid their last respects. other prominent figures present included the director of sports in the ministry, leonard thadeo, national soccer coach kim poulsen and taifa stars players, national sports council nsc official mohamed kiganja and officials of the tanzania football federation tff . it was a sorrowful moment as most soccer fans, simba players and their city rivals yanga shed tears when they saw the body of the deceased lying in the coffin. those who were given chance to speak praised mafisango, saying that he was a talented and disciplined player whom young need to emulate. yanga secretary general celestine mwesige described the death of mafisango as a big blow to the country s football fraternity, noting that the late midfielder was a player who valued professionalism. in his remarks, simba sc chairman ismail aden rage said his club had lost a hardworking and dedicated player who had vision. the midfielder was loved by all players including those from rivals clubs such as yanga, he specified. rage assured simba supporters and other football lovers that his club will support the family of the late mafisango in whatever way possible. he said mafisango s contribution to the club achievements will be remembered for a long time. road carnage has robbed our team one of our best players, a player whom we valued greatly and who did everything possible to see the side achieving top honours, he added. in her remarks, the minister dr mukangara admitted it was the first time for her to be at funeral ceremonies of a football player where everyone felt bereaved. she said the government was saddened with the death of the player who contributed to the club s recent success. the body of the deceased will be flown to kinshasa for burial today. he was one of the players who helped simba win the mainland premier league. his death came a few days after playing al ahly shandy of sudan in a return leg tie of the confederation cup. meanwhile, president jakaya kikwete yesterday sent a condolence message to club chairman ismail aden rage and the family of the late mafisango along with soccer lovers in the country, expressing his profound shock at the tragic accident.
__label__non_math	1.0000	anthony mtaka, the mvomero district commissioner, has been elected to the post of athletics tanzania at presidency at the end of the body s general election held in morogoro over the weekend. mtaka has replaced francis john with votes to while suleiman nyambui has retained his secretary general s post. elections chairman henry tandau said the at posts were hotly contested and at times voters had to cast second ballots. mtaka, juma ikangaa, francis john and henry nyiti contested for the presidency post and during the first round none got the required votes. the four got , , and votes, respectively. tandau said his committee had to call for a re-run between mtaka and ikangaa who were on top during the first ballot, when the former won by votes against of the later. he said four aspirants contested for the post of secretary general including eventual winner nyambui, john bayo, zainab mbiro and john manyama. nyambui won against of his closest challenger, bayo. according to tandau, william kallaghe went unopposed on the post of vice- presidency administration and also hamad ndee was elected as vice- president technical with votes against of herman ndisa. ombeni zavalla won the post of assistant secretary with votes against of julius murunya as lucas nkungu managed paltry three. the general election also saw mwinga mwanjala, lwiza john, peter mwita, zacharia gwandu, meta petro bare, zacharia barie, rehema kilo, robert kalyhe, christian matembo and tullo chambo elected as members of the executive committee. tandau described the elections as free and fair while the new at president promised to work extra hard to develop and promote athletics in the country.
__label__non_math	0.9991	- development aid - economy trade - human rights - global governance - civil society saturday, - the world bank has rejected a call to suspend its involvement in large scale agricultural land acquisition following the release of a major report by the international aid agency oxfam on the negative impact of international land speculation in developing countries. we share the concerns oxfam raised in their report, the bank stated in an unusually lengthy public rebuttal to the oxfam report. however, we disagree with oxfam s call for a moratorium on world bank group investments in land intensive large-scale agricultural enterprises, especially during a time of rapidly rising global food prices. a moratorium focused on the bank group targets precisely those stakeholders doing the most to improve practices progressive governments, investors, and us. taking such a step would do nothing to help reduce the instances of abusive practices and would likely deter responsible investors willing to apply our high standards, the rebuttal said. over the past year, aid agencies, local non-governmental organisations ngos and development watchdogs have warned that international investors are increasingly engaging in massive and sometimes predatory land deals in the developing world, particularly in africa. these acquisitions are partly to blame for rising food insecurity. food prices are once again nearing record highs. in late august, the world bank warned that due to adverse weather in parts of europe and the united states, the global cost of certain staple crops was approaching levels last seen in . ironically, multinational companies interested in growing food crops to address this need have been doing much of the recent investing. according to oxfam, however, two-thirds of the investments made between and were exclusively for export-oriented crops, while other lands are being used to meet the increasing international demand for biofuels. already an area of land the size of london is being sold to foreign investors every six days in poor countries, oxfam stated, noting that in liberia, land deals have swallowed up percent of the country over the past five years. the report did not reject what good can potentially result from private investment but warned that food-price spikes from to led to the tripling of land deals, as land was increasingly viewed as a profitable investment even though it largely failed to benefit local communities. slow the speculation the world is facing an unbridled land rush that is exposing poor people to hunger, violence and the threat of a lifetime in poverty. the world bank is in a unique position to stop this, jeremy hobbs, oxfam s executive director, said thursday, noting that the bank both invests in land and advises developing countries. oxfam is calling on the world bank to temporarily halt its investments in agricultural land to give it time to review the advice it offers developing countries, and to put in place stronger policies to slow or stop the speculation and land-grabbing projects in which it is said to be involved. world bank investment in agriculture has reportedly tripled in the past decade. since , however, local communities have also brought formal complaints against bank-funded projects that they say have violated their rights. in a way, the bank s response to the call for a moratorium demonstrated outright denial: the bank group does not support speculative land investments or acquisitions which take advantage of weak institutions in developing countries or which disregard principles of responsible agricultural investment. the bank also noted that percent of its agricultural investment is focused on smallholders, and that the agricultural work of its private-sector arm, the international finance corporation ifc , has provided ,000 jobs. by , it warned, the global population is set to grow by two billion people, requiring a percent increase in global food production. still, the bank recognised that its massive systems are imperfect and highlighted an upcoming overhaul of related guidelines that would review and update its environmental and social safeguards policies . we agree that instances of abuse do exist, particularly in countries where governance is weak, and we share oxfam s belief that in many cases, practices need to ensure more transparent and inclusive participation in cases of land transfers, the rebuttal stated. impetus from below the degree to which these safeguards are followed nevertheless remains voluntary, said anuradha mittal, the executive director of the oakland institute, a u.s.-based think tank that has been at the forefront of recent civil society warnings about the effects of land speculation in the developing world. back in and , we were clearly identifying the role that the world bank group has been playing in promoting and facilitating these large-scale investments, completely ignoring the social and economic impact, she told ips, referring to two reports available here and here that the new oxfam work builds upon. oxfam is reiterating that this kind of investment is misinvestment in communities, in agriculture, and unfortunately the bank is choosing to ignore the clear evidence that has been brought forward. bank officials did not respond to requests for additional comment. mittal said that the development discussion needs to focus less on prescriptions handed down from multilaterals and more on the national implementation of internationally agreed rights including the rights to food and to free and prior informed consent. we re not interested in voluntary guidelines coming from washington or geneva, but rather in strengthening local and national capacities that help communities work best themselves, she said. each country in africa, for instance, is in a unique situation. so what we need are real consultations at the local level to see what kind of development actually works for the local populations. while oxfam had called on the world bank to move to halt its involvement in land deals before the annual meetings between the bank and the international monetary fund imf , in tokyo next week, the bank s new president is now suggesting that he will use the meetings to begin pushing substantial reforms aimed at holding the bank s anti-poverty approaches more to account. if we are going to be really serious about ending poverty earlier than currently projected there are going to have to be some changes in the way we run the institution, world bank president jim yong kim, preparing to attend his first annual meetings, told journalists on thursday. kim said he would be pushing for a model where our board and our governors focus much more on holding us accountable for results on the ground in countries, rather than focusing so much on approval of large loans .
__label__non_math	0.9999	- development aid - economy trade - human rights - global governance - civil society saturday, - a recent military curfew imposed on the violence-wracked north-eastern nigerian town of potiskum has not only made life unbearable for residents, but it has also reduced their chances of survival. hundreds of civilians are living in fear in the town in yobe state after the islamist extremist group boko haram, a sect that wants to impose sharia law on the country, waged an assault there on oct. , resulting in the death of more than people. the attack led the government to impose a curfew on the town that leaves residents only nine hours of daytime to be outdoors. since oct. people have not been allowed to leave their homes from to . dr. bawa abdullahi wase, a senior research fellow on ethnicity, inequality and human security, told ips that in a developing country like nigeria a large number of people have to go out every day to look for food at markets and other places. seven out of every people have to look for food every day and the curfew could reduce their chances of survival. of course there would be a shortage of food. and if someone is critically ill or natural disasters like a fire occur it would be difficult to get assistance from neighbours before the fire fighters arrive, wase said on the phone from jos, in plateau state. kabiru sulaiman, a resident of potiskum, said the town, which is the biggest commercial centre in yobe state, has changed entirely since the curfew was imposed. all the shops and markets are closed even before . movement has been restricted, and our lives really are in a sorry state, sulaiman told ips. according to fellow resident zakari adamu, who is also the head of the non-governmental organisation nigeria fight for justice in yobe, life is becoming difficult as the lives of people in potiskum have begun deteriorating since the curfew was implemented. the town has returned to calm, it is time for the yobe government to relax this curfew, adamu told ips by phone. abubakar mohammed is a businessman from potiskum who fled to kano state because he could not endure the difficulties caused by the curfew and the fighting between boko haram and nigerian forces. i have relocated to kano because life was miserable in potiskum. businesses are not doing well, incomes dwindle and people always live in fear of attacks from either boko haram or the military, mohammed told ips in kano. civilians caught up in the fighting have accused the country s joint task force jtf of attacking them. it is a claim that has been supported by amnesty international, which issued a statement on thursday nov. accusing nigerian forces of human right abuses. every injustice carried out in the name of security only fuels more terrorism, creating a vicious circle of murder and destruction, said the organisation s secretary general, salil shetty, in a statement issued to the press. in an emailed statement, jtf spokesman lieutenant-colonel sagir musa denied the claims. meanwhile, children in potiskum are unable to attend school as the sabon layi primary school, king abdulaziz primary school and the senior science secondary school are among the schools burnt down in the recent attack in a war that seems to be focused against the idea of western education. boko haram means western education is sin . adamu visited the scene and reported that many schools have been affected by the islamists attacks. i have seen approximately five schools burnt down in potiskum, he said. while residents in potiskum complain about the curfew; the state government of yobe said it would not be lifted anytime soon. the curfew is still there from to and it is meant to protect lives and property, abdullahi bego, special adviser on press affairs and information to the governor of yobe, told ips in a telephone interview.
__label__non_math	0.9925	use the tag cloud on the right to filter by a keyword. muslim attitudes: the real story new data from ipsos mori shows the views of london's muslims are similar to the views of londoners on a variety of issues. public attitudes towards cohesion and integration the commission on integration and cohesion has launched its report. the report highlights a number of ways in which to foster a better sense of cohesion and integration in local communities. research carried out on behalf of the commission by ipsos mori shows: the english are in favour of a national day of celebration on st george's day findings from an ipsos mori survey commissioned by the chairman and national organiser of the st george's day celebrations, bruno peek show that the english public are keen to celebrate st george's day on april with a national day of celebration. three-quarters of us think it's a good idea and seven in ten are keen for the day to be made into a bank holiday. three charities: rnid, the charity for deaf and hard of hearing people, aicr and wrvs are benefiting from the money raised by the celebrations. questions about happiness, worries, voting intention, britain and being british, society, public services, perception of party leaders, sentencing punishment for crimes and spiritual beliefs. new research by the mori social research institute on behalf of the royal society for the encouragement of arts, manufactures and commerce rsa indicate that the 'british sense of humour', the 'stiff upper lip' and a 'bulldog spirit' are often seen as typically 'british' characteristics. the qualitative work involves a series of focus groups in milan, mumbai, chicago and king's lynn and in-depth discussions with london correspondents to a range of foreign media. how the world sees britain the survey conducted by mori on behalf of the british council among the successor generation in thirteen countries reveals what foreigners think about all aspects of british society and culture.
__label__non_math	0.9817	on thursday, the commerce department reported that orders for durable goods those items expected to last at least three years increased by just .percent last month. while economists were hoping for a larger rebound, the report marked the first increase in durable-goods orders in the last four months. but the optimism was short lived. the government reported friday that new-home sales tumbled by percent in november to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 647,000. that's their worst showing in more than years. and crude oil prices rose friday after larger-than-expected declines in u.s. crude inventories, and on global jitters following the assassination of pakistani opposition leader benazir bhutto. while u.s. dependence on foreign oil has grown steadily over the past three decades, a government study reveals increased production of cellulosic ethanol could help reverse the trend. the national renewable energy lab, or nrel, has been researching cellulosic ethanol for more than years but high production costs have always held back wide-spread production until now. the scientists at nrel believe if the cost of a gallon of cellulosic ethanol can be brought down to .per gallon large-scale market penetration may be profitable. if the process can be perfected and the price reduced the door would be open to alternative feedstocks like wood chips and switchgrass. despite future potential corn likely will maintain its dominant role in ethanol production in the near future. if experiments are successful, midwest centered ethanol may become a thing of the past. new technologies could allow production to be spread out across the u.s. allowing producers to utilize the most readily available feedstock. as it stands, the renewable fuels standard contained in the energy bill calls for production of billion gallons of renewable fuels annually by . nearly half, about billion gallons, is slated to come from ethanol. the mandated increase has farmers trying to decide if staying with corn in the near term is a better deal than switching to soybeans, which this week broke the barrier on the futures market. even if producers choose to make the maximum amount the energy bill demands, there is a built-in braking mechanism. provisions in the law allow the federal government to curb production in the event it negatively impacts the food supply. those limits are to be determined by a mandated national academy of sciences study that will determine the impact of biofuels production on grains, livestock, food, forest products, and energy.
__label__non_math	0.9297	project khresmoi: challenges in ehealth search published by katja mayer, henning m ller started on september , the project khresmoi aims to develop a multi-lingual multi-modal search and access system for biomedical information and documents. irf.net met with henning m ller, the project coordinator university of applied sciences, western switzerland to talk about objectives and challenges of the project. project pluto: making the lives of patent users easier published by katja mayer, aalt van de kuilen the eu research project pluto eu-psp-ict aims to overcome language barriers in the patent domain by providing an integrated, online translation tool, where several human experts technical, legal, consultants can take advantage of existing web-content and state-of-the-art, data-driven machine translation and information retrieval tools to collaboratively retrieve and translate patents. patent information specialist aalt van de kuilen talks about the participation of the won user group nl in such a large scale project and his expectations from the involvement of the european patent office. scoring and ranking techniques - tf-idf term weighting and cosine similarity published by michael dittenbach what mechanisms determine which documents are retrieved and how is the relevance score calculated that finally determines the ranking? hot topic: cloud computing published by michael kohl "nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same." - ralph waldo emerson. like nature in emerson's quote, information technology too is an ever-changing topic. to deal with the constant flux of demands and challenges, it experts over the years came up with various strategies. in the process many holy grails have been found, only to be discarded again shortly thereafter. but no matter how resistant to these fads your company usually is, chances are that cloud computing will be on your agenda in some form in . anatomy of the aspire'collection published by veronika zenz in this article we present an analysis of the anatomy of the aspire patent corpus. we present the number of unique terms in this corpus, the average term frequency, the distribution of unique terms over document frequencies and an analysis over different term types. those statistics are then compared to the new york times annotated corpus, a collection of news-paper articles, and the differences between the two corpora are highlighted. machine translation buzzwords, mr. spock and the babel fish published by andreas tuerk machine translation is one of many technologies that are heavily used in sci-fi stories. while we are still waiting for some of these fictive technologies to come to fruition, machine translation has made steady progress over the last decades. in many cases the performance of today's machine translation might still pale in comparison to the babel fish or the universal translator in star trek, but it can still be of great value in many situations free patent information ... sustainable sources for information professionals? published by thomas e wolff beyond the document published by erik graf
__label__non_math	0.9999	found 301 matches, showing - apricot, date and guinness slices with guinness cream sauce this is the season when we all love to bake, and the delightful catherine fulvio s take on the traditional sticky toffee pudding recipe should be very popular, adding a truly irish dimension with the addition of the guinness . catherine says that we make this in our cookery school to great applause, though we find that the measurements of guinness can be a bit heavy handed a whole new generation is taking up the deeply satisfying activity of home baking at the moment and a good gift for any aspiring baker would be this weighty tome, step-by-step baking dorling kindersley, hardback, . jims kitchen christmas cake one rainy monday last april, i called into jim s kitchen in portlaoise and bought jim tynan s two cookbooks jim s kitchen and jim s kitchen from this wonderful shop and restaurant. a place renowned for its friendliness, lovely homely food and, especially, great christmas baking and speciality ingredients... this classic dish makes a lovely, easy sunday roast for the colder months. the meat, vegetables and potatoes are all cooked together. warm goats cheese and mango salad this is one of the dishes i enjoyed at the launch of i love good food cookbook from the irish heart foundation. the recipe is from television presenter sinead desmond, who says this has to be one of my all-time favourite dishes, perfect for entertaining. it is stunning and simple - need i say more? oh, and it tastes great too. so true.
__label__non_math	0.9993	we ve got some amazing offers on accommodation, travel, activities and attractions to help you get the most value from your trip to ireland value offers for self-drive and independent travel. guided tours with all transport and accommodation pre-arranged. find more great value offers and travel tips small group or chauffeur tours to see the best sights of ireland. specials on castles, hotels, guesthouses, b bs and attractions. special offers for the gathering ireland : a yearlong celebration of music, food, culture and lots more. great value vacation offers for the golfer and non-golfer in your group. riverdance is coming back to dublin for an utterly unique event during the gathering ireland . if you re a visitor from the island of ireland you may want to visit one of these sites otherwise proceed to ireland.com
__label__non_math	0.9997	international security policy the division manages ireland s involvement in the common security and defence policy csdp , which is an integral part of the eu common foreign and security policy. commensurate with our standing in the european union and building on our strong traditions in un peace-keeping, it seeks to ensure an active irish participation in eu security structures, in particular the developing civil and military crisis management capabilities. the division co-ordinates with other departments, particularly defence and justice and equality, with the aim of ensuring that ireland plays an appropriate part in the range of esdp crisis management and peace support operations, including through the development of eu battlegroups. the division also promotes conflict prevention as a core element in the ongoing development of the union s capacities in crisis management. it instructs the delegation of ireland to the eu political and security committee on the full range of issues arising in the csdp. in co-ordination with the department of defence, the division manages ireland s participation in the euro-atlantic partnership council and nato s partnership for peace nato pfp . a central aim is to ensure that the defence forces continue to benefit in terms of interoperability with other nations on un authorised peacekeeping operations. the division instructs the delegation of ireland to nato pfp who work closely with the other western european non-militarily-aligned members, austria, finland, sweden and switzerland. the division co-operates with protocol division in the regulation of permission for the overflight and landing of foreign military aircraft in ireland and liaises with other departments and foreign embassies on international security policy issues.
__label__non_math	0.9997	urban water woes in zimbabwe s capital, harare population ,000,000 , a man relieves himself in the dirt next to his tin shack, holding his nose to ward off the stench of a nearby overflowing latrine. in ramallah population 300,000 in the occupied palestinian territory a -year-old girl wakes with menstrual cramps - and skips class because her school lacks a washroom where she can clean herself in private. in bangladesh s mega-capital population million , a monsoon-season flash flood leaves thousands with cholera.
__label__non_math	1.0000	from august 20th to the 24th, 100,000 visitors gathered in tralee, co. kerry to watch roses vie in friendly competition in the rose of tralee festival. the roses came from as close as dublin and cork and as far as new zealand and dubai to participate in all the festivities of the festival s 52nd year. after a weeklong tour around ireland, the accomplished young women arrived in tralee for the rose ball, the parade, and the two nights of televised interviews and performances that make up the heart of the competition. the rose of tralee festival originated in . it was inspired by the traditional naming of a carnival queen during the summer fair, and appreciation for the famous local song, the rose of tralee. the song was written in the 19th century by william mulchinock, a wealthy merchant whose love for a woman named mary, a maid at his family s house, was forbidden due to their class differences. he emigrated, spending a few years in india as a war correspondent. but, unable to forget mary, he returned to tralee a few years later, only to find that she had died from tuberculosis. the song commemorates his love for her, mary, the rose of tralee, and has come to be the song of the town and its annual festival. in the early years, roses had to be natives of tralee, but the rules were later amended so that any girl of irish birth or ancestry could compete. this makes the festival a particularly emotional and enlightening experience for many of the roses, some of whom are second- or third-generation irish and have never before been to ireland. during the two nights of live tv footage, the young women, their escorts, their families and their fans gathered in the rose dome. the events were hosted by irish tv presenter and personality d ithi o s . each rose was interviewed by o s and then had the option of doing a performance to display a talent. some opted to sing or play an instrument, while others did more unique performances, such as a german rendition of the wild rover and a reel danced to men at work s down under. at the end of the last night, the london rose, clare kambamettu, was named the rose of tralee. kambamettu, who lives in london and is an assistant psychologist at a substance misuse service, was born in leeds but grew up in athy, co. kildare. her mother is irish and her father is indian, which makes her the first rose of tralee of indian descent. during her year as the rose of tralee, kambamettu will represent the festival at various venues and plans to work with charities in ireland and india. footage from the festival can be viewed on roseoftralee.ie tv
__label__non_math	0.9943	for the first time since , we are going to have a conclave or papal election with no pope to bury beforehand. but the procedures for the election are not affected by this novelty. dan brown might seem an unlikely source for information on a papal election but the detailed description in angels and demons was apparently taken from a book by a jesuit scholar and is quite accurate. when the see of rome is declared vacant normally when a pope dies most of the senior prelates who were the pope s ministers resign. power is entrusted to a cardinal called the camerlengo, in this case cardinal tarcisio bertone, who under normal circumstances would bury the pope. the last papal election took hours, but such speed wasn t always the case. in the 13th century the papacy was vacant for a year-and-a-half and an election was forced by the people of rome who locked up the cardinals until a pope was elected. in another case, the people not only locked up the cardinals, they tore off the roof of the building and put the cardinals on a diet of bread and water. now, with benedict s resignation the cardinals are essentially being given a month s notice and can plan their trip to rome and think about what they want in the new pope. in a sense, because of the pre-planning that can be brought to bear on this election, there is potentially a lot of time to consider who should be the next leader of the world s billion catholics. the cardinals will stay in a specially constructed storey residence inside the vatican walls, santa marta. and will be conveyed by coach to the sistine chapel for morning and afternoon sessions there. the process of election must begin no more than days after the see is vacant. only cardinals under the age of can enter the conclave the word means with a key in latin, referring to the fact that the cardinals are locked into the election hall. there are 119 eligible to vote, of whom were appointed by benedict and the rest by jpii. cardinals who are excommunicated can actually attend but not those who have resigned. a cardinal who resigned and joined napolean bonaparte attempted to enter the conclave in but was refused. on the morning of the conclave the cardinals con-celebrate mass in st peter s basilica. in the afternoon they gather in the pauline chapel in the apostolic palace and solemnly process in full red and white regalia with red hats and enter the sistine chapel, with the doors locked behind them. all telephones, cell phones, radios, televisions and internet connections are removed from use whether in the chapel or in the residence. they cannot leave except in the case of grave illness. also permitted in the conclave are two medical doctors, a nurse for very ill cardinals, and religious priests who can hear confessions in various languages. these have to swear absolute and perpetual secrecy. the cardinals swear an oath of secrecy not to discuss the elections outside the chapel and everyone else is ordered out in the latin words extra omnes, everybody out. the doors of the sistine chapel and the residence of the cardinals are closed. inside, a meditation is given concerning the grave duty of the cardinals and they are exhorted to only have god before your eyes. the rest of the time is spent for prayer and voting in silence, there are no campaign speeches. negotiations and arguments have to take place outside. in the chapel, which dates from the 15th century, and under the ceiling adorned with michelangelo's last judgement, the cardinals can cast their vote. there will be four ballots daily until a clear majority is found for one candidate. it is severely frowned upon to seek the office of pope and canvassing for it is severely prohibited, especially prior to a pope dying. it is an office bestowed upon a person rather than their contesting for it. however an outsider could be elected pope and in theory it could be a lay person willing to be ordained a priest and bishop but the weight of tradition suggests it will be one of the cardinals gathered in the sistine chapel. the last non cardinal was pope urban in . however, discussions prior to a ballot among cardinals do occur privately but public campaigning would be counter productive. dinners are good vehicles for discussions. however, the best known cardinals tend to be the ones that work in the vatican and meet other bishops, and cardinals when they come on business to rome. the ballot is secret and pope john paul ii abolished two methods of election: by compromise or by common consent. since , a new pope requires a two thirds majority. now, after ballots, a simple majority is enough. if there is no progress in choosing a candidate, a day of prayer is set aside. however, not since has an election lasted more than four days. the ballot papers themselves are rectangular with i elect as supreme pontiff printed at the top and each cardinal prints or writes a name in a way that disguises his handwriting. one at a time they approach the altar with the folded ballot held up, he kneels and prays and then places the ballot in a silver and gilded bronze urn, much like a wok with a lid. cardinals called scrutineers count the ballots. after the ballots are read aloud they are placed on a thread and placed in another urn. they are then burnt. since , white smoke from the chimney of the sistine chapel has signalled the election of a pope; black smoke signals another vote. when a pope is finally elected, the cardinal dean asks him, do you accept your canonical election as supreme pontiff? rarely does anyone say no. st philip benize was offered it in and fled and hid until another candidate was chosen. sacristy of tears after the yes , he is led into the sacristy of tears or commonly called room of tears, a small room off the sistine chapel. it is here that the enormity of what has just happened hits the new pope, though the tears may be of sorrow or joy. traditionally they were said to be tears of humility as a pope was following in the footsteps of st peter; others would contend the tears were because essentially the pope becomes a prisoner of the vatican and would be bowed down by the weight of the office. the new pope picks one of three sizes of papal garments presumably small, medium or large and return to the high altar to receive the homage of the cardinals. meanwhile, the ballots are burnt in a stove with a chemical which turns the smoke white, telling the world of the newly elected pontiff. a cardinal is then sent to the loggia of the benedictions on the fa ade of st peter s where he says: annuntio vobis gaudium magnum. i announce to you a great joy the new pope steps onto the balcony and therefore onto the stage of world and church history. he may grant his first blessing to the world. some days later, the new pope will go down into the foundations of st peter s to the tomb of peter, the first pope and first bishop of rome, and pray. then with all the cardinals, he will process into st peter s square to begin his first public mass and receive the main symbols of his office: the fisherman s ring and the pallium.
__label__non_math	0.9943	advanced search a sitemap lists all pages available on a website. the sitemap for web pages on irish twins soap co. is shown below: join us for the first pop-up shop of the season at random harvest in sioux the first summer farmer's market of the season is slated for thursday, may all prices are in usd. shopping cart software by bigcommerce
__label__non_math	0.9999	kettlebells by cap barbell. each kettlebell includes a polished black finish. kettlebell exercise tip a one-arm open palm kettlebell clean is a great exercise for working out your hamstrings, quadriceps and shoulders. place one kettlebell between your feet. grab the handle with one hand and raise the kettlebell rapidly, let it flip so that the ball of the kettlebell lands in the palm of your hand. throw the kettlebell out in front of you and catch the handle with one hand. take the kettlebell to the floor and repeat. make sure to work both arms. shipping cost included within the lower states only ships via ups warning: this product may contain one or more phthalate chemicals known to the state of california to cause birth defects and other reproductive harm. item number: sdk2-050 prodid4148 manufacturer: cap barbell manufacturer part no: sdk2-050
__label__non_math	1.0000	inventor portrait: ernest nussbaum cross-posted from my photography blog this is ernest nussbaum, inventor of the practicello. the practicello is a full height cello that breaks down to fit in carry-on luggage. it s not intended to be good enough to play in a concert, but its just meant for cellists who want to practice while they travel without needing to pay for an extra seat on the airplane to bring their instrument. and since it doesn t resonate as loudly as a cello with a full body, it s not going to annoy the people in the hotel room next door. here are some more photos from our shoot:
__label__math	0.6036	internal revenue bulletin: amplified describes a situation where no change is being made in a prior published position, but the prior position is being extended to apply to a variation of the fact situation set forth therein. thus, if an earlier ruling held that a principle applied to a, and the new ruling holds that the same principle also applies to b, the earlier ruling is amplified. compare with modified, below . clarified is used in those instances where the language in a prior ruling is being made clear because the language has caused, or may cause, some confusion. it is not used where a position in a prior ruling is being changed. distinguished describes a situation where a ruling mentions a previously published ruling and points out an essential difference between them. modified is used where the substance of a previously published position is being changed. thus, if a prior ruling held that a principle applied to a but not to b, and the new ruling holds that it applies to both a and b, the prior ruling is modified because it corrects a published position. compare with amplified and clarified, above . obsoleted describes a previously published ruling that is not considered determinative with respect to future transactions. this term is most commonly used in a ruling that lists previously published rulings that are obsoleted because of changes in laws or regulations. a ruling may also be obsoleted because the substance has been included in regulations subsequently adopted. revoked describes situations where the position in the previously published ruling is not correct and the correct position is being stated in a new ruling. superseded describes a situation where the new ruling does nothing more than restate the substance and situation of a previously published ruling or rulings . thus, the term is used to republish under the code and regulations the same position published under the code and regulations. the term is also used when it is desired to republish in a single ruling a series of situations, names, etc., that were previously published over a period of time in separate rulings. if the new ruling does more than restate the substance of a prior ruling, a combination of terms is used. for example, modified and superseded describes a situation where the substance of a previously published ruling is being changed in part and is continued without change in part and it is desired to restate the valid portion of the previously published ruling in a new ruling that is self contained. in this case, the previously published ruling is first modified and then, as modified, is superseded. supplemented is used in situations in which a list, such as a list of the names of countries, is published in a ruling and that list is expanded by adding further names in subsequent rulings. after the original ruling has been supplemented several times, a new ruling may be published that includes the list in the original ruling and the additions, and supersedes all prior rulings in the series. suspended is used in rare situations to show that the previous published rulings will not be applied pending some future action such as the issuance of new or amended regulations, the outcome of cases in litigation, or the outcome of a service study. revenue rulings and revenue procedures hereinafter referred to as rulings that have an effect on previous rulings use the following defined terms to describe the effect:
__label__non_math	0.9998	sheikh abd al-rahm n al- ajl n, lecturer at the grand mosque in mecca it is unlawful for a muslim to drink alcoholic beverages or to take any intoxicating substance. it is a great sin in islam to drink or take drugs, and it can lead to other evil behaviors. people who are intoxicated lose their inhibitions ad good judgment which can lead them to fall in adultery, theft, murder, and other despicable acts. it is the obligation of any muslim who falls into the sin of imbibing alcoholic beverages or taking drugs to abandon the practice and hasten to allah in repentance. repentance requires a sincere sense of regret on the part of the penitent person as well as a firm resolve never to return to the sin. the person should also refrain from confessing to other people a sin that allah has concealed. allah forgives those who are sincere to him in their repentance. if a person who drank or took drugs the night before wakes up sober and clear-minded during the day in ramadan, then that person's fast is intact. if, however, the person wakes up during the day still fully inebriated and incoherent, then that person will have to make up that day of fasting later on. and allah knows best.
__label__non_math	0.9886	are you sure you want to permanently delete this comment on: unknown ? jessie, i would enjoy having a photo session with you. let me know when you are available. karen welcome to iso i'd love to shoot with you sometime.
__label__math	0.9160	project title: party nationalization, partisan pork and public goods provision in thailand faculty sponsor and pi: brian min ph.d. student: james atkinson what accounts for variation in public goods provision within a given country? some of the redistributive literature claims that parties may reallocate public funds by focusing on districts with certain types of voters. the loyalty voter theory argues that politicians will redistribute according to decreasing levels of risk, with the least risky group, supporters, receiving the most funds and the most risky group, opposition, receiving the least cox mccubbins . ansolabehere snyder provide evidence from u.s. county transfers that supports this loyalty voter theory. lindbeck weibull present a different model, which focuses on swing voters. using a formal model, they find that, in equilibrium, the parties propose the same redistributive policy focused on groups with weak party preferences. furthermore, groups are more desirable for redistribution if the group is relatively numerous at the cutpoint between the parties and the group is poor and more responsive to economic benefits dixit londregan . this theory finds empirical support in research on intergovernmental transfers in sweden dahlburg and in india dasgupta . alternatively, several scholars have focused on how institutional variation affects the distribution of public goods in cross-country studies. one explanation focuses on the effect of party nationalization on the distribution of public goods hicken, kollman simmons . the authors argue that nationalized parties have a broader national constituency that expects a focus on more national-level policies. as the party system overall becomes more nationalized less fragmented , parties should provide higher levels of public services at a nationwide level. the authors present cross-country evidence suggesting that higher levels of party fragmentation result in a decreased provision of several health indicators. this project considers how institutional variation in party nationalization over time and within a given country affects the distribution of public goods. since , thailand has had seven different governments, ranging from an unsteady coalition of several parties to a single-party majority. a key institutional change in the party system occurred in with the formation of a new constitution. some of the constitutional reforms focusing on creating stronger, more nationally-oriented parties seemed successful in that they reduced the effective number of parties at the national level from .during the period of to .in hicken . thus, these constitutional reforms transformed the thai party system from a fragmented party system to a more nationalized party system in a short time period. this project seeks to adjudicate between the partisan voter theories swing and core and the party nationalization theory of redistributive politics using electoral data and nighttime lights satellite imagery across 400 electoral districts in thailand from . the key dependent variable will be the change in electrification level from the base line in a given district. this variable comes from the nighttime lights time series data set of the department of meteorological satellite program s operational linescan system dmsp-ols . visible and infrared imagery from dmsp-ols instruments are used to monitor the global distribution of clouds and cloud top temperatures twice each day. the nighttime lights imagery, however, also records the aurora, city lights, manmade and natural fires, and natural gas flaring ngdc . the images can be examined at a pixel level that covers approximately square kilometer with each pixel encoded on a scale of to that designates the relative measure of brightness min . the key independent variables for this project will include measures for party system nationalization, vote share of the national party coalition in power, and the competitive level of a given district election. if either of the partisan voter theories were true, we would expect either the national party in power s vote share or the level of competitiveness in a given district but not both to have a positive effect on the change in brightness level in the district. we, however, expect that neither of these partisan theories provide an adequate explanation. instead, we expect that higher levels of party system nationalization will result in increases in electrification levels in a given district. thus, the overall level of public goods should increase in each district when the party system is less fragmented. furthermore, we suspect that parties may choose partisan redistributive strategies conditioned on a given institutional environment. for example, at high levels of party nationalization, voters may view a party that provides more electricity to areas of strong core support as failing to meet their expectations of a focus on broad national-level policies. in the same institutional environment, however, voters might view a party that provides more public goods in swing districts more favorably. thus, we will test whether the effect of vote share or competitiveness on the change in brightness levels in a given district depends on party nationalization. in summer , we propose to turn this idea into a conference paper to be presented at mpsa and to subsequently submit this paper for publication consideration in a peer-reviewed journal. the scope of the project in summer will consist of three main phases. in the first phase, atkinson and min will further develop the theoretical arguments for this paper. during the second phase, atkinson will construct a data set consisting of electoral, economic and satellite imagery data for 400 districts in thailand from . throughout this phase, min will provide methodological support as atkinson continues to learn the arcgis software. the final phase will include data analysis and the drafting of a conference paper by both atkinson and min, which they will submit for presentation at mpsa in . this experience will provide several benefits for atkinson. he will learn from min s expertise in arcgis and with the nighttime lights dataset and will develop better spatial analytics skills. furthermore, atkinson will benefit from the preparation of a paper that he can present at mpsa the following year. finally, this project allows atkinson to incorporate his study of the thai language and of southeast asian politics into a project with the potential to develop into a broader dissertation topic for atkinson.
__label__non_math	0.9796	towards a common judaism though sharp differences of opinion among jews are hardly a new phenomenon, jewish public discourse has become preoccupied in recent years with the fear that mutual hostility among the competing streams of judaism is spiraling out of control, and that the jews, as a people, no longer possess a shared outlook capable of uniting them. paving the way to what is fast becoming the conventional wisdom has been a wave of prominent books making the case that the life of jewry is one of internal discord. this point was made most tellingly in jew vs. jew: the struggle for the soul of american jewry , by columbia university professor of journalism samuel g. freedman, which went so far as to insist that civil war was at hand. as he wrote: from the suburban streets of great neck to the foot of the western wall, i have witnessed the struggle for the soul of american jewry. it is a struggle that pits secularist against believer, denomination against denomination, gender against gender, liberal against conservative, traditionalist against modernist . it is a struggle that has torn asunder families, communities, and congregations. this civil war, while building for nearly a half-century, has reached its most furious pitch in the final years of the millennium. the sense that jews of different denominations hold irreconcilable worldviews was strengthened by the publication of one people, two worlds: a reform rabbi and an orthodox rabbi explore the issues that divide them , an exchange of letters between ammiel hirsch, head of the association of reform zionists of america, and yosef reinman, a talmudic scholar associated with the lakewood yeshiva. for more than eighteen months, the two rabbis tenaciously sought out the points of disagreement between them, in the process filling more than three hundred pages with disputes on the possibility of discovering truth, the nature of god, the competing claims of divine command and human autonomy, the authorship of the bible, the extent of flexibility in jewish law, and the proper role of women. though the joint effort was intended to highlight the possibilities for dialogue, its effect was to overwhelm the reader with the degree to which these two men and by extension, reform and orthodoxy more generally hold opposing viewpoints on virtually every matter of significance. reinman, who wrote of the vast and unbridgeable ideological chasm that separates us, drove this point home in his concluding letter: on a personal note, ammi, i feel that in you i have gained a friend, even though we disagree on just about all the basic tenets of judaism. even less optimistic was what shall i do with this people? jews and the fractious politics of judaism , in which journalist and historian milton viorst set out to discover the roots of jewish divisiveness. reaching across more than three millennia, he produced a tour de force of internecine warfare, featuring accounts of clashes between moses and the children of israel, maccabeans and hellenizers, rabbinic pragmatists and supporters of bar kochba s revolt, medieval rationalists and mystics, hasidim and mitnagdim, reform and orthodox, and zionists and anti-zionists. the book culminates with the contemporary struggle pitting religious backers of territorial expansion against secular advocates of peace, leading viorst to conclude: the jewish people are today deeply riven. not only do they attend different synagogues, dissimilar in fundamental ways they also hold violently hostile views, which they often claim to be divine commands, of how jews should relate to one another and to their neighbors. as a result, our present disputes may be apocalyptic, tearing apart the fabric of our four-thousand-year-old civilization. most recently, noah efron s real jews: secular vs. ultra-orthodox and the struggle for jewish identity in israel posits that alongside israel s war with the palestinians, another battle has been declared. it is sometimes called a kulturkampf, a culture war, sometimes a civil war, sometimes a war over the character of the state, sometimes, as one activist described it to me, the war of light against darkness. efron, a lecturer in history and philosophy at bar-ilan university, sought to understand the depths of secular hatred for haredi, or ultra-orthodox, jews. writing after the elections, in which one-quarter of the seats in the knesset were divided between the secularist shinui party and the parties representing haredim, he averred that the die was cast: however the politics play out this time, israel s other war is now irrevocably, probably tragically under way. these works faithfully reflect the fact that mutual animosity remains a feature of jewish life, and strike a warning note that is worth heeding. nonetheless, there is good reason to challenge the overly gloomy view they articulate: though fractious politics continue to be a part of jewish public life, the most significant developments of the last several years point to a narrowing, not a widening, of differences. jews of different movements have begun to draw together on many of the central issues that have been sources of division for nearly two centuries. taken as a whole, these developments offer an unprecedented opportunity for cooperation and for a renewed effort to forge a unified jewish people. perhaps the most striking example is the shift towards traditionalism undertaken by the reform movement, which culminated in with the approval by the central conference of american rabbis ccar of a new set of principles intended to express the fundamental beliefs of reform jews. such comprehensive programs had been adopted on only three previous occasions in the history of american reform: the pittsburgh platform in , the columbus platform in , and the centenary perspective in . best known was the first of these, which announced a radical departure from the tenets of traditional judaism, and the ccar s decision to return to pittsburgh in was therefore symbolic: as the official commentary on the new principles explained, this step was taken in the hopes that the name pittsburgh would now be permanently associated with a document that showed how much the movement had changed since . to understand the significance of this statement, it is important to recall that the original pittsburgh platform, which reform leader isaac mayer wise termed a declaration of independence for liberal judaism in america, had gone remarkably far in breaking with jewish particularism and embracing a cosmopolitan, rational universalism. its key provisions abandoned the traditional jewish concept of god and replaced it with an abstracted god-idea ; accepted only the moral laws of judaism and rejected on principle practices such as kashrut, whose observance in our days is apt rather to obstruct than to further modern spiritual elevation ; asserted that reform jews recognize in the modern era of universal culture of heart and intellect the approaching of the realization of israel s great messianic hope ; and declared that we consider ourselves no longer a nation, but a religious community, and, therefore, expect neither a return to palestine nor the restoration of any of the laws concerning the jewish state. over the next century, reform would moderate some of these positions, but none of the movement s subsequent statements came close to the tectonic shift registered in . most significantly, the new platform replaced reform s commitment to personal autonomy, which had accorded the individual free rein to choose among jewish beliefs and practices, with the affirmation that the jewish people is bound to god by an eternal covenant brit . the importance of this shift was explained in the official commentary: if autonomy was the key word of the centenary perspective, dialogue is the key word of the pittsburgh principles. while pittsburgh relied on the language of kant exalting a god-idea and the binding nature only of the moral laws , the pittsburgh principles uses the language of dialogue inspired by the early-twentieth-century german jewish philosopher franz rosenzweig . the embrace of rosenzweig s philosophy led to new conclusions about torah study and observance, for as the commentary continues, if god is in dialogue with us, perhaps we hear god s commands as though god were calling out to us awaiting our response. hence, the rabbis declared on behalf of their movement that: through torah study we are called to mitzvot, the means by which we make our lives holy. we are committed to the ongoing study of the whole array of mitzvot and to the fulfillment of those that address us as individuals and as a community. some of these mitzvot, sacred obligations, have long been observed by reform jews; others, both ancient and modern, demand renewed attention as the result of the unique context of our own times.
__label__non_math	0.9999	the following is a press release issued by david pileggi, rector of christ church in jerusalem, regarding a recent reconciliation-focused gathering of arab and jewish believers in yeshua from around the region in that day there will be a highway from egypt to assyria israel will be the third with egypt and assyria, a blessing in the midst of the earth, whom the lord of hosts has blessed, saying, blessed be egypt my people, and assyria the work of my hands, and israel my inheritance. isaiah - muslim background followers of jesus from various middle eastern countries met with their messianic jewish and christian counterparts may in the old city of jerusalem at christ church, the oldest protestant church in the middle east. although similar conferences have been held over the years in the middle east, this is the first time such a gathering has been held in israel. at the crossroads convened in the context of isaiah s vision of a highway that will run from egypt and israel to assyria a model of worship and partnership for christians across the region that will lead to the middle east becoming a blessing on the earth. more than seventy delegates came from egypt, jordan, morocco, lebanon, israel, iraq, palestinian authority, cyprus, armenia, turkey, europe and north america. worshiping and praying together in arabic, turkish, kurdish, hebrew, and hearing testimonies about the blessings and challenges of following jesus in our region were among the highlights of the conference. due to security concerns the conference was a closed, invitation only gathering. however, two sessions were open to local guests featuring speakers rev. andrew white, the vicar of baghdad , and pastor ali pektash, a muslim who came to faith in jesus through a dream while on hajj pilgrimage to mecca. messianic jewish and palestinian leaders, including taysir abu saada, author of once an arafat man, also addressed the delegates, testifying to god s power not only to reconcile enemies but to enable them to take risks by crossing ethnic, political and religious divides to work together to expand god s kingdom of righteousness, peace and joy in this troubled and unstable region. in the words of one of the organizers, it is all too easy for christians in the middle east to become ghettoized due to their minority status and the many ethnic and political divisions. consequently we often fail to see how god is working in our midst. our focus must extend beyond these conflicts and only the survival of existing christian communities. without ignoring the suffering and injustice in so many parts of our region, we should focus on the call of jesus to expand god s sovereignty by making disciples, recognizing the crucial role jewish believers in israel have in the great commission to bless their neighbors with the good news. and equally so, the followers of jesus in the surrounding nations have a unique role in helping israel become part of the blessing that god intends for this region. the delegates resolved: to rise above ethnic, political, and theological differences in the body of messiah, and to work together in expanding the kingdom of god in our region; to proclaim that egypt my people, assyria the work of my hands, and israel my inheritance will indeed become a blessing in the midst of the earth; to commit to work and pray for the blessing and salvation of all the peoples of the middle east; to mobilize people to go and make disciples as a practical expression of the kingdom of god, recognizing that we now have a window of opportunity that may not remain open in the future; to advocate and allocate resources for justice, helping the poor and mitigating persecution of christians; to establish a network of communication and intercession throughout the region and to meet together on a regular basis as a means of expressing the one new man. eph. for more information click here or contact us at: firstname.lastname at the crossroads was made possible by the contributions of christians world-wide and the generous support of the israel trust of the anglican church cmj israel . hat tip: rosh pina project
__label__non_math	0.9759	insat-3b, the first satellite in the isro-built, insat-series, was air-lifted last night to kourou in french guyana, from where it is expected to be launched between march and on board ariane-vehicle. the air france cargo aircraft af carrying insat-3b and other equipment took off at .hours ist . the satellite was packed in a special container with provisions like vibration isolation, nitrogen purging, rapid decompression provision and monitoring instruments for temperature, pressure, vibration levels, etc, to take care of the satellite during its transport and handling. the other equipment were packed in pellets; in all, the cargo weighed about tonne. two isro scientists are accompanying the precious cargo. a team of isro engineers have already left to kourou to start working on the satellite as soon as it reaches kourou. the cargo is expected to reach kaynes airport near kourou on the evening of .
__label__non_math	0.9972	drivers should prepare for downtown roadwork motorists should prepare for roadwork in downtown issaquah through dec. . the project is scheduled from p.m. to a.m. near the corner of front street south and east sunset way. crews plan to install sewer and storm water lines for the rebuilt downtown shell gas station and jacksons convenience store. the work is scheduled for nighttime and early morning hours to reduce traffic impacts. motorists should expect front street to remain open albeit with reduced lanes at times during the construction. the planned store at front street and sunset way should feature a more modern, spacious layout and additional options. crews started the major overhaul sept. , a day after the business closed to customers. the rebuilt store is expected to open to customers next month or in early .
__label__non_math	0.9991	hotel restaurant bahnhof has not completed the comprehensive online environmental self-audit and for that reason is not presently green eco-leaf rated. if you stay at hotel restaurant bahnhof please add a guest review to istaygreen.org and share with us your experience and also rate the eco-friendliness of the property. another helpful suggestion would be to ask hotel restaurant bahnhof's management to complete the istaygreen environmental self-audit and earn the green eco-leaf rating. hotel restaurant bahnhof is located in the city of glattbrugg. it is the only property currently represented by istaygreen in glattbrugg. unfortunately at this time there are no glattbrugg lodging properties that have notified istaygreen that they operate as an eco-friendly facility. if there are cities nearby glattbrugg that offer "green" lodging they will be listed below. for detailed information regarding environmental measures currently employed by hotel restaurant bahnhof please contact the property directly or email istaygreen.org. to earn a green eco-leaf rating glattbrugg lodging establishments must complete a comprehensive point survey which evaluates the eco-friendliness of the properties such as hotel restaurant bahnhof in areas of conservation of energy and water, sustainability of operations, pollution, carbon emission, recycling, and environmental education and promotion. there presently are no green eco-leaf rated hotels or lodging properties located in glattbrugg where hotel restaurant bahnhof is located. should you visit a glattbrugg hotel or other glattbrugg lodging property, or stay at hotel restaurant bahnhof, we would encourage you to recommend to the property that they inform the public of their environmental initiatives by completing the istaygreen environmental self-audit. at this time istaygreen has no glattbrugg hotels or lodging properties listed as being environmentally friendly where hotel restaurant bahnhof is located. it is possible that hotel restaurant bahnhof is an eco friendly property and that there may also exist hotels in glattbrugg along with other types of lodging that are environmentally friendly. however, neither hotel restaurant bahnhof nor any other glattbrugg lodging property has provided istaygreen with a summary of their current eco intiatives. if you become aware that hotel restaurant bahnhof is eco friendly or that another glattbrugg lodging property in our directory should be listed as "green" please contact istaygreen so that we can accurately represent the property and share the information with the public.
__label__non_math	1.0000	search for photos, illustrations, video audio welcome to istockphoto istockphoto is the world s leading royalty-free stock multimedia destination. browse millions of photos, illustrations, video, audio and flash files starting at . sign up and get off credits to buy files on istockphoto, you need credits, istock s currency. sign up to get a special discount on or more pay-as-you-go credits. learn more about how to buy stock. - sign up for free. - select a credit package of credits or more. - when you checkout, enter this code: 5xc2010 for a bonus off. offer expires .
__label__non_math	1.0000	instructors and teaching assistants have the ability to manually enroll users with a valid northwestern university netid in their course sites in the course management system cms . - students registered for courses in caesar are automatically enrolled in cms course sites. individuals manually added to the cms are not automatically enrolled in caesar. please be aware that manually added students will have no official record of their enrollments, credits or grades. - all official teaching assistants tas should be assigned to a course in caesar by a program or department assistant. assigning tas in caesar will give them access to the class lists and ctec reports. once tas are assigned, their enrollment in the cms is automatically updated on the same or following business day. program and department assistants can find instructions on how to assign teaching assistants to a course in caesar on the office of the registrar's faculty staff resources. unofficial assistants department administrators, research assistants, etc should not be listed in caesar. they can be added directly to the cms in order to access the course site and materials. to enroll users in a course site: note: after enrolling a new user, a confirmation will appear for that individual user. instructors may then wish to view the entire course roster. - go to the control panel. - click users and groups. - click users. - click the find users to enroll button. - on the add enrollments page, under enroll user enter the netid in the username field. note: to search for a user, do not enter text in the box, but click browse to search by last name, first name, or e-mail address. - select the user's role in the course. - select enrollment availability. select yes to make the course site available to the user or select no to make the course site unavailable to the user. - click submit. nuit support center central service desk for students, faculty, and staff. submit a support request last updated: november
__label__non_math	0.9968	arezzo - panorama of the historic centre situated in tuscany's east and bordered by the apennines, the province of arezzo encompasses the areas of casentino, valdarno, valtiberina and val di chiana. each of these, comprising unique landscapes where natural beauty blends harmoniously with historic heritage and masterpieces of art. the casentino valley is surrounded by high hills with ancient woods. along the tosco-emiliano apennine is the casentino forests, monte falterona and campigna national park, where among steep cliffs and thick vegetation two important spiritual locations are well worth a visit: the sanctuary of la verna and the monastery of camaldoli. the valdarno natural reserve holds many surprises; its characteristic landscape is dominated by the spectacular balze, yellow rock formations made of stratified clay, gravel and sand that rise up in diverse shapes. the val di chiana landscape is a breathtaking succession of hills and valleys that are home to fine jewels of art, particularly monte san savino, lucignano and cortona. situated near the border of tuscany, the valtiberina preserves an untouched environment otherwise sprinkled with castles, parish churches and historic villages such as anghiari, caprese michelangelo and sansepolcro. a number of spots are, as yet, unexplored, including the forests of the pratomagno range and numerous protected areas of local interest. the great italian poet petrarch was born in arezzo, in addition to outstanding artists the likes of piero della francesca, masaccio, michelangelo, luca signorelli, pietro da cortona and vasari. they all left signs of their creativity and genius in arezzo and in other nearby towns. a blend of artistic itineraries, ranging from piero della francesca to the della robbia family, offer a chance to admire the paintings, sculptures and architecture that make even the smallest hamlets of this region unique. here, nature and a thousand years of man s labor come together to create a millenary masterpiece that never ceases to astonish and enchant. arezzo is an extraordinary city of art renowned for its goldsmiths and antiques traders. the old town is home to valuable monuments including the imposing medici fortress, the cathedral, the diocesan museum and the basilica of san domenico. the archaeological museum showcases many a valuable find, recalling the city s importance during the etruscan heyday, while the state museum of medieval and modern art provides an overview of the artistic production in the area from the middle ages to the 20th century. the heart of the city is piazza grande, surrounded by buildings of various periods and styles - among them the medieval towers and the renaissance style loggiato vasariano. casa vasari is equally worth a visit. it has been converted into a museum where visitors can admire decorations realized by giorgio vasari himself, along with a family archive and some paintings. the church of saint francis is the ideal starting point for an itinerary in discovery of 14th century painter piero della francesca, as it preserves the legend of the true cross, one of the greatest masterpieces of early renaissance art. the itinerary continues to monterchi, with its stunning fresco of the madonna del parto, and on to sansepolcro, where four of the master s most important works are displayed in the museo civico. another sight to see in sansepolcro is the central piazza di torre berta and its cathedral and historic buildings; this is home to the palio della balestra, a historic event dating back to the 15th century. do not miss a visit to the small town of caprese michelangelo, the birthplace of michelangelo buonarroti; a museum, set within the old castle, is dedicated to the artist. of great artistic and religious interest is the sanctuary of la verna in the casentino forests, today a popular place of pilgrimage. perched on a rocky outcrop and surrounded by age-old fir and beech trees, the complex includes several buildings decorated with magnificent works by andrea della robbia. another of casentino s religious destinations is the camaldoli monastery, where monks still live today. two more interesting small medieval towns deserve a visit: bibbiena, with prized churches and architecture, and poppi, dominated by its magnificent castle. among the many villages of the val di chiana, cortona is particularly fascinating - having preserved its heritage sites, including various palazzi, the cathedral, the diocesan museum and the church of saint francis. moreover, at cortona one can see the museum of the etruscan academy and city maec , as well as some etruscan necropolises not far from the city center. san giovanni valdarno, the birthplace of masaccio, is an old town with many fine buildings, including the basilica of santa maria delle grazie and the palazzo pretorio. evocative medieval parish churches are scattered all over the province, immersed in greenery: santa maria assunta in stia, san pietro in romena and san pietro in gr pina, a genuine romanesque jewel, to name but a few. castles and religious structures abound, among them the romanesque abbey of farneta near cortona. the area also offers a fascinating tour to explore the wonderful works of the della robbia artists: from the magnificent altarpiece in the arezzo cathedral, to the masterpieces in the la verna sanctuary and the camaldoli monastery, in the santa maria del sasso sanctuary at bibbiena and in the castle at poppi. examples of their art can also be found in montevarchi and in the small parish churches along the valdarno. unspoiled nature and cultivated countryside: the province of arezzo offers a variety of opportunities to enjoy a holiday in the open air, taking part in various physical activities. the foreste casentinesi monte falterona e campigna national park is the ideal place for excursions on foot, by bicycle or on horseback, while in winter the same paths can be enjoyed on skis and snowshoes. in other protected areas along the banks of the tiber and the arno, one can also set out on unique excursions in search of the numerous local plant and wildlife species. cycling enthusiasts can follow the canale maestro della chiana bike and foot trail from arezzo to cortona, through areas perfectly suited for an athletic holiday amidst unspoiled scenery. gourmands may choose to follow the food and wine itineraries that wind through the main valleys of arezzo province, through vineyards, olive and chestnut groves, stopping off at wineries and local firms for the tasting of wine and typical produce. in this land rich in traditions, there are numerous folk festivals, including the famous giostra del saracino in arezzo, the giostra dell archidado in cortona, the palio dei rioni in castiglion fiorentino, and the palio della balestra in sansepolcro. particularly interesting is the historical re-enactment of the battle of scannagallo in foiano della chiana. among the special events, the international merletto biennale in sansepolcro stands out, as does the sagra della porchetta suckling pig festival at monte san savino. the provincial gastronomy of arezzo is the height of the many traditions alive in this territory. a cuisine tied to agriculture, many recipes - specifically those most austere - originated from religious and convent life; at the same time, the province doe not lack in richer, heavier fare. one will find that bean soups, acquecotte, meat stews, even crostini topped with woodcock and bread made with hare pan di lepre inhabit the same table during a meal. the unique and unmistakable flavors are born from the use of the prime materials of the land, and thus boast significant territorial connotations.some products are cultivated only in this area, and are dedicated only to spefific recipes. black cabbage, present in few parts of the world, belongs to the famous minestra di pane bread soup that uses the cabbage as its principal ingredient. the chianina breed of cattle, raised according to protected geographical indication igp standards, is the base for historic dishes like peposo alla fornacina, dish attributed to those workers who produced the construction materials for florence's brunelleschi chapel. dishes based on chicken, rather, from nearby valdarno allow restaurants and families to utilize recipes that require slow cooking. then, the free-range "grey" pig in this area is the source for one of the world's best prosciuttos, prosciutto del casentino. and of all the products deriving from sheep and goat's milk pasture-raised, naturally , one must needs not the raviggiolo, ricotta, and raw-milk pecorino cheese. finally, the finest dishes center around the highly-prized valtiberina truffle, present year-round alternating between black and the more costly white ; the well-known boletus edulis mushrooms, and the lesser-known prugnolo that arrives in spring to exalt polenta and frittatas. another product frequently used to make sweets and snacks is the chestnut, ground into a flour and resulting in a sophisticated gastronomic treat. in the mountains of pratomagno, the procedure for such is very particular, requiring that chestnuts be heated in the oven twice so that they reach a light hazelnut color. obtaining a delicious smell and sweet taste, they are perfect for nutritious castagnacci and frittelle. not to be left out are the classic tuscan products that complete the table: oil and wine are the champions of any banquet. not only does the region possess first-class wines according to the best national and international guides, standards such as chianti, cortona and valdichiana remain renowned for a reason. beyond these, a gamut of wines can be drunk any day of the week, and are appreciated for their price-quality relationship. however, no meal is finished without vinsanto; originally it paired with drier sweets, but an evolution of tastes has led to its being an accompaniment liver crostini and certain cheeses. the province of teramo borders on marche north , the province of pescara and l'aquila south and lazio west ; it is characterized by the eastern side of the apennine and by valleys gently sloping to the adriatic coastline. its territory counts municipalities; ... situated in northeast tuscany, the province of florence covers areas with different geographical and environmental characteristics, including mugello , montagna fiorentina , valdarno , part of chianti and empolese-valdelsa . at the ... located in northern tuscany, the province of lucca spans several different areas: the versilia coast, overlooking the tyrrhenian sea; garfagnana , on the border with emilia romagna in the northeast; and, further ... the province of trapani extends out in the western part of the region, between the tyrrhenian sea and the canal of sicily . this enchanting land is composed of marvellous coasts alternated by ... the magnificent basilica di san francesco, a true treasure chest, looms over the plain on a formidable basament. it dates from the thirteenth century and was built shortly after the death of the saint. from the square, surrounded by fifteenth-century porticoes, we enter the chiesa inferiore, or ... the church of san francesco and the square by the same name are the heart of arezzo. we can cross via cavour and enter corso italia to admire the beautiful facade of the pieve di santa maria, or turn into via cesalpino and reach piazza della libert to admire the duomo and the town hall, flanked ...
__label__non_math	0.9940	personally, we're 'itching' to go back to yming for some more excellent north chinese grub. frequented by a lot of pr yuppies so you may not get a table at peak times, this place has an intimate atmosphere, excellent food and service, and is reasonably priced as far as central london goes. the service is attentive and they are always happy to adapt dishes to personal taste. heaven or what? well, as with the real thing, only if you can get past the door.
__label__non_math	0.9998	grateful for quick dmv response after being stationed in california, i have become so grateful for the help you have offered and abundance of common sense that you guys have. here in california, it will take an entire day to get my registration rejected - just in time to do it over again. on top of making it near impossible to complete anything in a single visit day to the local ca dmv office, there is no possible way to contact them as i am here and now with you guys. in closing, i really just wanted to say thanks for all that you guys offer. i have been helped with questions and concerns while living in foreign countries and distant states. if only other states could follow the same model.
__label__non_math	0.9970	hp introduces a new t410 all-in-one smart zero client that features the new one-wire power over ethernet poe technology. according to hp, the unit provides the performance of a pc on just watts of power, and as it is powered over ethernet connection there is no need for external power supply. with hp s smart zero technology, the client provides a no-touch, no management experience. citrix ica with hdx, rdp .with remotefx, vmware view with rdp and teradici optimized pcoip protocols are supported. once connected, the hp t410 aio uses auto-sensing technology to locate the host server in the network the hp t410 is powered by a texas instruments tms320dm8148 arm cortextm a8 1ghz processor with built-in digital signal processor capable of handling full-screen hd video, and 1gb of ddr3 memory. it has 2gb emmc flash memory. the aio smart zero client. it comes with an integrated .-inch 768 led-backit display with hp brilliantview, internal stereo speaker, four usb .ports, a standard keyboard and a -button optical mouse. its 100 gigabit ethernet rj-connector supports power-over-ethernet poe , wake on lan wol , pxe, tcp ip with dns and dhcp, udp. hp will release the t410 all-in-one smart zero client in summer.
__label__non_math	0.9984	the tennis anti-doping programme working group, comprised of representatives of the itf, atp, wta and the grand slam tournaments met on march as part of their regular review of the programme, and expressed unified support to implement an athlete biological passport programme from . the athlete biological passport provides an individual, electronic document for athletes in which profiles of biological markers of doping and results of doping tests are collated over a period of time that can be used to detect variances from an athlete s established levels that might indicate doping. the introduction of the athlete biological passport will require the tadp to increase the number of blood tests every year. in addition, the working group also recommended an overall increase in the amount of testing, especially out-of competition testing, with additional funding provided by all the governing bodies in tennis and administered by the itf. the tennis anti-doping programme is a comprehensive and internationally recognised drug-testing programme that applies to all players events sanctioned by the itf, atp, and wta, and at grand slam tournaments. players are tested for substances prohibited by the world anti-doping agency and, upon a finding that an anti-doping rule violation has been committed, sanctions are imposed in accordance with the requirements of the tennis anti-doping programme and world anti-doping code. statements from tennis governing bodies the grand slam tournaments have taken an active role in the sport s anti-doping efforts since the inception of the programme and continue to make this a priority every year, said bill babcock, director, grand slam committee. we are proud to work with the other governing bodies as part of the tennis anti-doping programme which we believe is essential to ensure that tennis remains a clean sport for the future. the wta is proud of its long-standing efforts in anti-doping and believes that it is in the best interests of our sport to adopt the athlete biological passport and to increase both blood and out-of-competition testing, said stacey allaster, ceo, wta. the atp has always rigorously supported the tennis anti-doping programme and believes that the move toward the athlete biological passport is the appropriate step for tennis at this time, said brad drewett, executive chairman and president, atp. the players have been clear that they support increased investment in anti-doping and we feel that this is the most effective way to show the world that tennis is a clean sport. the implementation of the athlete biological passport is an important step in the evolution of the tennis anti-doping programme as it provides us with a great tool in the fight against doping in our sport, said itf president francesco ricci bitti. we also hope to have increased support from the national anti-doping agencies around the world who need to do their part if we are to win this battle and make our programme more effective. our thanks to the grand slam tournaments, the atp and wta who have recognised the need to increase the investment of tennis in anti-doping and to the players who asked for more testing, especially blood testing, over the next few years.
__label__non_math	0.9917	f-secure internet security has a great deal of experience in the internet security field, where this product has some solid reassurance straight from the off. it s a competitively-priced suite of tools, with at least a month licence to use them all with traditional anti-virus and firewall tools, along with spam blocking, anti-phishing, and parental controls. much of what you get here is strongly deployed. certainly, we found that the software had little trouble detecting and dealing with traditional viruses, and browsing known malware-infecting websites, where the alarm bells were raised and catastrophe was averted. it s good for a family situation, too. individual user accounts can be created, each of which has different levels of browser protection, web filters and also time limits available. standard users, as you might expect, aren t allowed to meddle with the settings. and whilst there are more sophisticated and more rounded parental control suites available, f-secure does a solid job with its suite. on the downside, we found that adjusting settings and getting under the bonnet of the software itself was a little trickier than we were expecting. upon installation, we found the access to one or two locations on our test pc was blocked, and it wasn t immediately obvious how we could rectify this situation. switching off the f-secure software restored access, and it took a little more detective work than we would have expected, for things to go back to normal. it s a rare occurrence, certainly, but a mild concern. that said, the intention of f-secure internet security is that you install it, and then don t really worry about it, until it comes time to renew your subscription. as per the norm, there are numerous settings you can alter and toggle to your preference. this is all while the software is happy to sit in the background and keep your computer protected. you do have to sit through quite a few questions on installation, which the novice may find uncomfortable, but it s quite simple to get up and running. f-secure is a mature, but effective software that bears a small system footprint. at the time of writing, an offer is running too. this is for a licence for three pcs, for months, at .. given what you get here, that s really not a bad deal at all. - a lot for your money, and quietly efficient, too. - when you do need to fiddle with settings, it all seems unnecessarily tricky. very good internet security software, offering quality protection with a host of extra features, and at a reasonably good value in price.
__label__non_math	0.9999	i ve really been enjoying your posts. have you ever done one about how to transition away from old clothing wool, silk, leather ? i m not sure what to do with mine. i m not much of a shopper, so most of my wardrobe has been collected over the years and contains animal materials. i ve been planning to wear things out and then replace them with vegan products, but i m feeling ambivalent about that lately. what do others do and how do they afford to replace all of these clothes shoes? erin in calgary great question. vegans avoid buying and wearing animal products including fur, leather, wool, silk and down, so what s a girl or guy to do when she goes veg? first, there isn t one right answer but here are my thoughts. the first step anyone can take is to stop buying shoes, clothes and accessories made from animal products. the less demand for these products, the better. i remember when i first learned about the veg life back in the late 80s, i said to myself, i m not going to wear ugly shoes. luckily, compassionate consumers have good choices these days. here s a little story. just before i went vegan i bought the. cutest. designer. bag. ever. switch out the word, bag, with shoes, coat, sweater, belt whatever it is that you don t want to give up. this suede bag had the word, love, stitched on the flap. i had wanted this purse for a loooooong time and i loved it. then i went vegan. ironically my love purse began to weigh on my heart and i knew i couldn t use it anymore. there is nothing cute about wearing dead animals, but what s done is done. if you want to continue to wear them until they wear out, do so. that s the path to least consumption. i continued to wear leather shoes and wool sweaters for a awhile but tired of people asking me about them. eventually i let the love bag go along with my other non-vegan clothes. it took some time but i slowly donated everything to the needy. also, there s no need to go into debt rebuilding your wardrobe. take your time with the process. the most important step to take is to stop buying shoes, clothes and accessories made from animals. what you do with your current wardrobe isn t as important, just follow your heart. vegan shopping resources: - vaute couture - herbivore clothing - alternative outfitters - vegan essentials - susan nichole - beyond skin - zappos vegan section - planetshoes vegan section these are just a few resources for purchasing vegan goods. use google to find more options. what s wrong with wearing: i selected this post to be featured on my blog s page at vegan blogs.
__label__math	0.7865	ddr professional data recovery software retrieves all deleted official documents, snapshots, audio, video clippings, valued photos, database records, software setups, pictures, animated movies, memorable images, song collections from various storage media devices. data retrieval tool efficiently rescue missing files and folders from all storage devices such as hard disk, pen drive, memory stick, mobile phones, digital camera, thumb drive, flash card, smart media etc. data salvage program restores accidentally deleted files due to power failure, system sabotage, hardware software malfunctioning, unexpected system shutdown, human errors, virus attacks or other similar data loss reasons. advance data revival tool provides preview option of all recoverable file in tree structure format and supports to restore them in suitable graphic formats such as jpg, mpeg, tiff, gif, html, exe, zip, txt, mp3, mp4, doc, bmp, png, 3gp etc. data recovery software provides facility to restore all executable, compressed and encryp ... pds introduce advanced features based ms pst repair tool which recover corrupt ms outlook pst files. ms outlook is a popular email client which provides many features to store and manage huge volume of emails and also have ability to communicate mail massages and data safely from one place to another place. sometimes outlook pst file gets corrupted due to some circumstances such as- if you are facing such types of above problems and want to get back pst files then try best pds pst recovery tool which gives you assistance to repair outlook pst file. microsoft pst repair tool can automatically extract pst file and restore corrupt pst file in new working pst. outlook pst email recovery can immediately and efficiently recover outlook mailbox with all the mail messages, attachments, journals, appointments, task, calendar, inbox, con ... affordable file salvage utility provides comprehensive solution to get back all misplaced and erased valuable files from any logically damaged and corrupted storage drives. professional data recovery tool supports many mass storage devices such as hard disk, memory card, flash drive, mobile phones etc. directory safeguard program is design and created to retrieve all accidentally deleted and inaccessible files and folder containing text, music, image, picture, games, audio and more in few easy steps. advance media file salvage software recovers data lost due to formatting, virus attack, software malfunction, hardware failure, unintentional deletion, improperly unplugged removable media drive from pc etc. professional data recovery utility is capable to support all popular brands of digital media drives like transcend, kingston, lexar, sony, nikon, canon, fujifilm, moserbaer, cruzer and many more. simple and reliable data retrieval program efficiently restores all major file formats like jpeg, jpg, doc, ppt, e ...
__label__non_math	0.9985	free spy software .104..168 free spy software description from the publisher trustworthy keyboard monitoring program includes uncomplicated installation process along with best aspect which hides from desktop, control panel, add remove programs, installation files folders also has handy capability to get customized for specific functions. interactive free spy software for windows operating system can be straightforwardly downloaded from which is superlative and proper program for administrating system, employer, office managers, parents and many more. reliable activity monitor application efficiently supervise online transactions of spouse and builds report in format of txt or html file according to user necessity moreover uses hot key combination or run command settings to unhide the software at the time of running mode. pioneering free spy software proffers potential to system administrator to supervise each executed activity through family members, friends or company employees on your private computer at your absence. consistent free spy software encloses auto startup characteristic and fabricates reports according to traced details additionally provides backup of records. elegant keyboard monitoring software has no side effect on the performance of other active applications since program runs in absolutely secret approach.
__label__non_math	1.0000	as girls entering the male-dominated realm of street art, instead of posturing and acting tough we have always stayed true to ourselves, making girly pieces and doing things at our pace. the gyt campaign has a strong message about knowing oneself; we couldn't agree more with this sentiment. when paper twins, known in the art scene as nica and edgar a. english, are not drinking coffee, working in a coffee shop or dressing alike, they re busy beautifying atlanta with their signature wheat paste street art artwork made from a combination of colored paper, flour and water . their art brings mystery to their community, since they put up their work throughout the city anonymously at night. paper twins believe in using public art to help promote an appreciation of their city and surroundings, viewing the city streets as canvases that they can interact with. as an artistic duo, paper twins blend their individual influences and styles to create playful scenes. check out paper twins on
__label__non_math	1.0000	the itv.com food website is now closed, sorry for any inconvenience this may cause. we hope you managed to save your favourite recipes before the closure if you are looking for recipes from ade in britain you can find them on the itv facebook page - one will be posted per episode. for more great recipes and cooking tips why not check out the following itv websites. if you are looking for recipes from saturday kitchen unfortunately these recipes are no longer available as the series airing on itv are repeats. apologies for any inconvenience caused.
__label__non_math	0.9996	answering the sos call from the wild: dolphins, rhinos, tigers and others to benefit from more funding gland, switzerland, november flagship species conservation initiative save our species sos is expanding its work with us .million funding for new projects. dolphins, dugongs, manatees, gibbons, rhinos, tigers and many other lesser known yet similarly threatened species such as river turtles, asian crocodiles, flying foxes, myriad freshwater fish and plant species are going to benefit from what will be the second round of species conservation projects within the sos initiative a global coalition initiated by iucn international union for conservation of nature , global environment facility gef and the world bank. the latest injection of us .million doubles the number of active sos projects but much more needs to be done in the field of species conservation, says jean christophe vi , deputy director of iucn s global species programme and sos director. every year we receive more project proposals than we can possibly fund and the selection process is extremely challenging. with more funding available from a broader range of sponsors and donors, we can be much more efficient in addressing the current biodiversity crisis. that is why we are ramping up our efforts in promoting sos to individuals and companies alike with the possibility to make online donations while also engaging with several progressive industry leaders. this announcement comes a few weeks after the meeting of the convention on biological biodiversity in hyderabad where 193 countries discussed ways of honouring their engagement to preserve the diversity of life. it also follows the publication of a recent report in science, calculating the cost of improving the status of threatened species until at approximately us billion annually, just of the value of ecosystems being lost every year. the new sos projects will be implemented by ngos across the americas, africa and asia, starting immediately. they will focus on a broad range of species groups that have been assessed by the iucn red list, including small marine mammals, freshwater african fish, tropical terrestrial asian vertebrates and cycads one of the world s oldest plant groups. the projects will address conservation needs of some of our most threatened species such as the vaquita, the world s smallest dolphin which is critically endangered in its only home, the gulf of california or the javan and sumatran rhinoceroses, also in urgent need of support and protection. according to the iucn red list of threatened species , one in three amphibians, one in four mammals and one in eight birds are at risk of extinction in the wild. through its species-focus approach, sos aims to stop biodiversity loss and increase resources for biodiversity conservation. iucn manages the initiative by channelling resources to fund the best projects undertaken by civil society around the world projects which are technically sound, well designed, cost effective, have a good chance of success, and which explain conservation in an engaging way to the public. this is achieved by leveraging iucn s in-depth knowledge base. to date sos projects have worked with more than 150 species listed as threatened on the iucn red list of threatened species , positively impacting wildlife as well as local communities. we invite everyone who is interested and passionate about protecting the world s animals and plants to join us and help answer the sos call from the wild, so that we can do more for the amazing diversity of life on our planet on which our own lives depend so dearly, says iucn director general julia marton-lef vre. for more information or to set up interviews please contact: simon bradley, sos communications and fundraising officer, t 999 , email ewa magiera, iucn media and communications officer, t 999 , m 856 firstname.lastname
__label__math	0.5914	leptobrachium leishanensis liu hu, vibrissaphora leishanensis liu and hu, listed as endangered because its extent of occurrence is less than ,000 km2, all individuals are in fewer than five locations, and there is continuing decline in the number of mature individuals in guizhou, china. fei, l., ye, c.-y., huang, y.-a. and liu, m.-y. . atlas of amphibians of china. henan science and technical press, zhengzhou. hu, s.-q., zhao, e.m. and liu, c.c. . a survey of amphibians and reptiles in kweichow province, including a herpetofaunal analysis. acta herpetologica sinica: 149-178. iucn. . iucn red list of threatened species. downloaded on november . mackinnon, j., meng, s., cheung, c., carey, g., zhu, x. and melville, d. . a biodiversity review of china. world wide fund for nature international, hong kong. ye, c.-y, fei, l. and hu, s.q. . rare and economic amphibians of china. sichuan publishing house of science and technology, chengdu. zhao, e.-m. . china red data book of endangered animals - amphibia. science press, beijing.
__label__non_math	0.7559	this species is listed as vulnerable because, although conservation efforts have resulted in a steady population increase, it still has a very small breeding range, limited to torishima and minami-kojima senkaku islands , rendering it susceptible to stochastic events and human impacts. phoebastria albatrus breeds on torishima japan , and minami-kojima senkaku islands , that are claimed jointly by japan, mainland china and chinese taipei. historically there are believed to have been at least nine colonies south of japan and in the east china sea piatt et al. . its marine range covers most of the northern pacific ocean, but it occurs in highest densities in areas of upwelling along shelf waters of the pacific rim, particularly along the coasts of japan, eastern russia, the aleutians and alaska piatt et al. , suryan et al. . during breeding december - may it is found in highest densities around japan. satellite tracking has indicated that during the post-breeding period, females spend more time offshore of japan and russia, while males and juveniles spend greater time around the aleutian islands, bering sea and off the coast of north america suryan et al. . juveniles have been shown to travel twice the distances per day and spend more time within continental shelf habitat than adult birds suryan et al. . the species declined dramatically during the 19th and 20th centuries owing to exploitation for feathers, and was believed extinct in , but was rediscovered in . the current population is estimated, via direct counts and modelling based on productivity data, to be ,364 individuals, with ,922 birds on torishima and 442 birds on minami-kojima g.r. balogh in litt. . in , birds including at least six pairs were present on torishima. given that there are now c.426 breeding pairs on torishima g.r. balogh in litt. , the species has undergone an enormous increase since its rediscovery and the onset of conservation efforts. in addition, in , one nesting pair was observed on kure atoll hawaii, usa , but was probably female-female and unsuccessful, and one chick was produced on midway atoll m. naughton pers. comm. . a tsunami which hit midway atoll in march , did not impact on the single pair nesting on eastern island u.s. fish wildlife service . native:canada; china; japan; korea, republic of; mexico; russian federation; taiwan, province of china; united states; united states minor outlying islands present - origin uncertain:northern mariana islands; philippines conservation actions underway it is legally protected in japan, canada and the usa. a draft recovery plan has been developed usfws . mitigation measures have been established in the alaska demersal longline fishery and in the hawaii-based pelagic longline fishery noaa . streamer lines both heavy weight lines for large boats and lightweight lines for smaller vessels have been designed to keep birds from longline hooks as they are set, and these are being distributed free to the alaskan longline fleet usfws , though they are not deployed in near-shore waters. in , the western and central pacific fisheries commission passed a measure which requires large tuna and swordfish longline vessels 24m long to use a combination of two seabird bycatch mitigation measures when fishing north of degrees north. torishima has been established as a national wildlife protection area. in , native plants were transplanted into the torishima nesting colony in order to stabilise the nesting habitat and the nest structures. this has enhanced breeding success, with over of eggs now resulting in fledged young. decoys have been used to attract birds to nest at another site on torishima since and the first pair started breeding at this new site in november . the number of chicks fledged from this new colony has increased from one chick in ; four chicks in ; chicks in ; chicks in . in october-november , eggs were laid at this new site sato . in , the japanese government approved a project to translocate chicks from torishima to mukojima, 300 km away. all ten chicks of the first translocations in march fledged jacobs . if successful, this project will translocate at least ten chicks per year for five years. conservation actions proposed continue to promote measures designed to protect this species from becoming hooked or entangled by commercial fishing gear. re-establish birds within historic range as insurance against natural disasters on primary breeding colony. promote conservation measures for the minami-kojima population. continue research into the at-sea distribution and marine habitat use through satellite telemetry studies. continue land-based management and population monitoring.
__label__non_math	0.9992	at the center of iu northwest is the college of arts and sciences. providing a broad education in the arts and sciences, the college prepares students through study in major disciplines for careers of their choice and for lives as educated, critical, and inquiring citizens in a world of rapid change. at the core of our many programs, many unique to the region, are the analytical, cognitive, and expressive skills needed to assimilate and advance knowledge. an arts and sciences education focuses on an understanding of the human condition past and present and the world in which we live. it emphasizes a humanistic and aesthetic appreciation of cultural life as well as valuing of science and its methodology in which intellect, logical processes, ethical perspectives, and problem solving are vital. the strong research and creative activities of our faculty encourage students toward a life of learning and reflection. intrinsic to a liberal education is preparing graduates to appreciate, contribute to, and thrive in a diverse, culturally rich, technologically, and scientifically advanced society with a compelling history, a promising future, and a capacity for transformation. through our teaching, research, creative arts, and professional and community services, we engage in the vitality of northwest indiana. an informed, educated population is not only democracy's strongest, best hope, it is also society's wisest investment. that, more than anything else, is the endeavor of the faculty and staff of the college of arts and sciences. at present, the college consists of departments offering baccalaureate degrees in the following areas: actuarial science, afro-american studies, anthropology, biology, chemistry, computer information systems, economics, english, fine arts, french, geology, history, mathematics, communication, philosophy, political science, psychology, sociology, spanish, and theatre. courses are offered in all those fields plus astronomy, canadian studies, comparative literature, computer science, geography, german, journalism, latino studies, linguistics, music, physics, religious studies, telecommunications, and women's and gender studies. in addition to undergraduate education leading to the bachelor's degree, which prepares students for citizenship as well as for professional training and graduate study, the programs of the college of arts and sciences provide students in allied health sciences, business, continuing studies, dental auxiliary education, education, nursing, and public and environmental affairs with courses that are a foundation for those professional programs.postbaccalaureate certificates are offered in computer information systems, community development and urban studies, race-ethnic studies, and drug and alcohol counseling to students who already hold a baccalaureate degree. the college offers a master of liberal studies degree for students who hold a bachelors degree and wish to pursue a broad interdisciplinary program of study and a master of science in clinical counseling with a specialization in drug and alcohol counseling for students who are preparing themselves for a career in addictions treatment.
__label__non_math	0.9999	the most stunning road trip in europe is found in the centre of romania, stretching from the flat meadows of cartisoara, across the snow-capped fagaras mountain peaks, through a spooky 887-metre tunnel, past gushing waterfalls, mountain lakes and that's all before you get to the best bit: the unbelievable snaking descent with more u-turns, corners, cambers, twists and turns than seems humanly possible. the grand finale passes poenari, the ruined castle on a crag belonging to vlad the impaler, the 13th century inspiration for dracula. the road was constructed by the romanian army who took five years to complete nicolae ceausescu's demonic plan. the transfagarasan highway, the second highest in europe, opened in and is legendary among bikers for being the best route on the continent, if not planet earth turn off the e68 sibiu to brasov main road just after scoreiu. the turning is marked for the village of cartisoara. the road stretches from cartisoara in the north to curtea de arges and is only open june to october. google map: bit.ly ktu7wn send your feedback or queries to email
__label__non_math	0.9999	only more days until christmas but only more days to revel in the autumn joy that is october. so let's get on with it, shall we? i've got ideas for making the most of october in fun or frugal or inventive or some times silly ways. the world is our oyster pumpkin fried green tomatoes cook something outdoors okay, on a grill if need be but maybe a grill at a nearby park, or a state park. the point is, get out of the living room, get out of the house, get out of the neighborhood, get out of the city, get out. build a little fire, lighter fluid is allowed but if you have a magnifying glass on a sunny day, it does wonders. we pack one in our outdoor cooking toolbox, for all the times we forget to bring along matches. s'mores? that counts via who's heard about the new single-serving coffees from starbucks? it's a buck a pop so times more expensive than home-brewed but the cost of a latte. it's worth one expresso shot, just to see. celebrate canadian thanksgiving does your sister-in-law insist on thanksgiving at her house every year? that means she gets all the leftovers and we all know that the leftovers are the best part of thanksgiving. instead, celebrate canadian thanksgiving on monday, october -- but wait, don't hesitate to push it back a day or two to the weekend, many canadians do too. michael pollan for kids begin a conversation inside your own family about the pressing food issues of today. you might even pick up a copy of michael pollan's new book, the omnivore's dilemma for kids: secrets behind what you eat . then visit the grocery store to survey the perimeter for 'whole foods' like fruits and vegetables, meats and dairy. then check out the inside aisles to show how many foods are processed. try to find whole foods in the inside aisles, like bins of oatmeal, frozen vegetables. how do we tell the difference between a 'whole food' and a processed food product? fruits vegetables are cool yes, they are pumpkin seeds what to do with the seeds from your halloween pumpkin? make toasted pumpkin seeds, of course it's the great pumpkin, charlie brown oh i used to love this movie but it's still apple season, too have you ever made a homemade apple pie? practice up now, before thanksgiving and then you'll be a superstar. i also love the idea of these apple chips . pick a cupboard, any cupboard okay this one is less than fun but you'll just feel so much better. empty a cupboard, clean it, then put back only what you've used in the last year. haven't used it? good will, the basement or hold a cupboard swap with a few neighbors. and you, what's your favorite fun and healthy food activity this month? leave an idea, a recipe or a link to a recipe in the comments
__label__non_math	1.0000	ahh, the pincer grasp don't expect your baby to chew "before age one, babies gum their food rather than chew it," says jennifer shu, m.d., coauthor of the book food fights from the american academy of pediatrics. so serve up tiny bites -- about the size of a pea or your pinky fingernail -- in case your tot swallows it whole. common choking hazard to avoid: hot dogs and other sausages, hard or gummy candy, chewing gum, all nuts, whole grapes and cherry tomatoes, raisins and any dried-fruit pieces, popcorn, and seeds and gobs of peanut or other nut butter. but any food can pose a choking risk if not sized right. quarter grapes, slice blueberries, dice cooked carrots, break up crackers, and so on.
__label__non_math	1.0000	portuguese sid rale scafusia already a member? sign in here your username will be displayed when you post comments or messages your password must contain at least one digit and one punctuation character iwc members will receive: access to exclusive iwc content, early product release notifications, deeper access to iwc, the forums and much more iwc schaffhausen. .
__label__non_math	1.0000	latest resource on this topic: written by international women's health coalitionwednesday, july international herald tribune, by kati marton and adrienne germain across the african subcontinent, almost percent of those living with hiv aids are girls and women. in south africa, women are dying at such a rate that the entire gender balance is being altered from near parity to a ratio of 120 males to every 100 females. the implications of the feminization of aids are huge for caregiving, the health and wholeness of families, social stability, policies and programs. written by international women's health coalitiontuesday, july written by international women's health coalitionfriday, may summary: report prepared by liz ercevik amado on a workshop co-organized by the istanbul-based women for women's human rights-new ways and the mediterranean academy for diplomatic studies. the meeting convened ngo representatives, advocates, and academics from jordan, egypt, lebanon, palestine, tunisia, morocco, algeria, turkey, pakistan, and the u.s. to explore the themes of sexuality, gender, and sexual and bodily rights violations, and to discuss regional strategies for overcoming these human rights violations in national and international contexts from a legal, social and political perspective pages . written by international women's health coalitiontuesday, february written by international women's health coalitionwednesday, may building support for adolescent health education and services in nigeria: reflections from the experwritten by international women's health coalitionwednesday, may adenike esiet, executive director, ahi nigeria for nigeria's over million adolescents aged -, there are several challenges that come with surviving in today's fast-changing world. the traditional norms and behavioral controls that once guided adolescence are breaking down due to several factors that include increasing poverty, rural-urban migration, and the influence of the world media. with the increasing opportunity to acquire formal education, many more young people are spending more years in school and consequently, they are getting married later, especially in the urban areas of nigeria. coming to terms with politics and gender: the evolution of an adolescent reproductive health programwritten by international women's health coalitiontuesday, january written by international women's health coalitionwednesday, june the new york times, by pascoal mocumbi maputo, mozambique in the special united nations session on aids next week, there will be much discussion about international aid, about drugs and vaccines. but there is likely to be too little said about what is the primary means by which aids is spread in sub-saharan africa: risky heterosexual sex. written by international women's health coalitionfriday, june written by international women's health coalitionsaturday, april - about us - our work - get involved
__label__non_math	0.9499	available in pdf from wwhr's website summary: by dr. sherifa zuhur publishedby women for women's human rights-new ways, february . examinesthe common aspects of criminal laws in the middle east and north africarelated to sexuality and provides a historical perspective on theamalgamation of tribal, religious, colonial laws and their impact onmodern codes. providing a thematic comparative study of constructs ofhonor, adultery, honor crimes, rape, sexual abuse, abortion, maritalrape, homosexuality, sex work, fgm and similar issues, the articleexplores how human rights violations in the domain of sexuality arelegitimized by law in the region and how oppression of sexuality inperpetrated by the existing penal systems. the article is both a uniqueresource and a powerful advocacy tool for ongoing reform initiatives inthe region pages . gender, sexuality and the criminal laws in the middle east and north africa: a comparative study
__label__non_math	0.9643	we are looking to purchase equipment for usability testing on mobile devices. i have done my research and there are methods for this type of testing: - fixed device positioning: this setup is that the mobile device sits on a fix location with a webcam attached to the device via a metal neck or other type of support. the webcam points to the mobile device, recording the screen and the user's interaction with the device. this phrase has become the mantra of amature interaction designers and of the electronic product industry in general. it is the road block in the way of new and better ways to control our systems. it even prevents logical enhancements to our otherwise well-designed products. take the new philips hdtvs. at least the one i have has put a lot of thought into their remote and ui. to set the colors it shows you a bunch of photos in split screen and asks you which looks best. it has a minimal amount of buttons on the remote. howdy all - i am looking for a resource which outlines list best practices for online questionnaire creation. want to provide some guidance to our marketing team. i remember reading a great one or two page article on "top ten best practiced for user questionnaires" or something like that in an issue of interactions magazine a year or so ago, but cannot starting with easy to answer questions and to not include a middle, neutral point i.e. greetings, ixda half-day conference in san francisco on advanced ux research topics. speakers include dan saffer author, "designing the user experience" , indi young author, "mental models: aligning user strategy with business" , maya duiker senior product manager, autodesk , steve portigal portigal consulting , and nate bolt bolt i'm so tired of this argument, and i'm hoping this group can help provide i recognize that some things in the ui should remain consistent - like an interaction model. but often a deviation is required - ironically for the sake of usability. maybe you need to enlarge a button to emphasize it's importance, or maybe the interaction model that worked of the time falls down in some cases. for me, deviation is a battle with stakeholders outside of design. they want everything consistent.
__label__non_math	0.9985	announcing jnes for android jnes .released jnes is now available for android .platforms and higher on google play . this is exciting for me as it is the first platform i've ported jnes to in the many years i have been working on it. i decided to port jnes as i have been using android devices for about a year now, and it has become apparent that there is probably more people using these mobile devices than windows computers. there are many of the same features in the android version, with more to come. it just got added to the store yesterday i'll be posting screenshots here as soon as i can. i'm happy to release .finally, it has a few key features users have been asking for a while, such as hq filters and that cheat search gent waited a few years for as always many thanks to gent for his motivation and help over the last few years, as well as the users who have left feedback during that time as well. i've added an additional download that collects all the languages since the ..release, you can find it in the downloads section. also due to popular demand i've added a download for the latest version as a zip archive. thanks to everyone who has submitted new files or updates jnes ..released in the last release display filters in full screen were not working and i've noticed a few users have been asking about it recently. i've uploaded a maintenance release that should fix this issue, as well as a few others that have accumulated over time. jnes ..released this release also features a new installer using nsis, which gives the project some nice polish. also take a look at the translations included, we could use a few asian catalogs, if anyone wants to contribute a new language please leave a comment with a link to it. new files available since the release last year i've been working when i could on fixing bugs that cropped up over the last few months to put out a subminor maintenance release. this release also includes all of the languages that have been submitted to me either here or on emutalk, putting this package together was a bit of a challenge since i also wanted to keep track of who submitted what. i tried to squeeze as much into this release as practical so hopefully a few people will notice things they had been asking for. as always want to take the opportunity to the thank my beta team, gent for his never ending support as well as squallleonhart and iconoclast for staying with me as i tried to get these bugs fixed. at this point i'm pretty content with jnes for the near term, my focus will be keeping it stable and probably trying to do some new things. if you haven't noticed project64 has awaken again so i might dabble in that a tad, always something to be done eh. jnes .released just thought i would update everyone with some recent developments in the jnes site. so far i've received a lot of language translations, and i want to thank everyone. - russian usbsoft.ru - french the siskoo - lithuanian yoshidx - portuguese ly mathews - polish hiryu - finnish bippo - tatarish uu86 definitely looking for a few more languages if possible, perhaps some more asian or european ones to round out the selection. if you are interested in translating simply open up the en.msg.example file in the languages subfolder to get started, when you're done post a link here or on the emutalk forum. also of note is the jnes .palette is now available for download, along with an artwork pack done by gent for us games in the other files section. if you've been wanting to check out the artwork feature this is a good opportunity to snag some boxart. jnes movie recording as you can tell from posts on this website i've been slowly working on jnes since the last release almost two years ago. unfortunately between other projects and a full work schedule jnes usually doesn't get much of a time slice. i decided a few months ago that it was time for another release as there was enough accumulated changes to start a release effort up again. this release has some really cool new stuff and also has a version number that reflects the maturity of the project. you can find a full changelog and release in the downloads section, here is the top three things - localization support - kaillera full screen chat - movie capturing ... read more jnes translations l10n one feature i've wanted to try for a while was recording movies with jnes. with video sharing websites like youtube so prevelant and accessible, this kind of feature is particularly meaningful these days. i decided to take a simple approach to this implementing this for the next version, similar to other emulators. the feature breaks down into a recording mode that captures and initial jnes save state and subsequently records input at each frame to file. the playback mode can obviously then restore this movie and play it to the screen. while playing a movie back you can capture this to an avi file using compression codecs such as xvid and divx with audio. ... read more saves section added one of the things i've ignored for quite a few years is allowing most of the user interface to be translatable l10n to those in the biz . i decided a few weeks ago to get jnes working in unicode so i could play around with it and i got most of the user interface to allow external message catalogs, check out japanese. ... read more i've neglected the website for quite some time, i hope with the new content system it will give me a way to make it significantly more interactive and useful. to that end i've added a section to the website for save states for jnes, these are mostly ones i've had lying around or ones i've found on websites here and there. i thought i would add them up here for people to enjoy, if you have any you would like to see up here just reply to this post with a url to a site i can download it. jnes .on site there is a good library of states up, check out this section at the top navigation section. the latest jnes release is now available for download on the site, the major new things are the cheats interface, the updated rom browser and better input device support. in the short term i'd like to issue a small update that fixes a few minor issues with this release, look for .. jnes ..on site this was released back in june, so i decided while i was reformatting some of the website to put this new version up. for those of you who haven't downloaded it from the message board, the most notable bugfixes in here are for windows and netplay. the next release isn't due out for a while, this version is more or less stable enough to end the .series, stay tuned for the next release. jnes ..uploaded locally i see people are downloading old versions from this website, so i'm uploading the latest version that is on the message board for your convenience.
__label__non_math	1.0000	monica brown, illustrated by sara palacios, spanish translation by adriana dom nguez, marisol mcdonald doesn t match marisol mcdonald no combina children s book press, as of an imprint of lee low books . marisol mcdonald doesn t match marisol mcdonald no combina is a perky bilingual tale about a mixed-heritage girl with a lot of spunk, by award-winning author monica brown waiting for the biblioburro; pablo neruda: poet of the people . inspired by the author s personal experience as a peruvian-american of european, jewish and amerindian descent, marisol mcdonald introduces us to a one-of-a-kind girl who defies stereotypes. stripes, polka dots and flower prints peacefully co-exist on marisol s outfit ensembles. in real life, however, her looks, clothes, playground games and food preferences seem to puzzle her friends, who love to say she doesn t match . enchanting and quirky marisol clearly marches to the beat of her own drums. and why wouldn t she? after all, there s nothing wrong with liking peanut butter jelly burritos; wanting to play a game of soccer-pirates; or signing her first name in cursive and her last in print. when a school friend challenges her, marisol, you couldn t match if you wanted to radiating joy and fun, sara palacios pura belpr honor illustrations bring marisol to life and convey the riches of her life and heritage. children will enjoy looking for and finding clues in the pictures to all the different cultures, as well as to the story s geographical and very apt setting. marisol s lively story ends on a happy and sweet note, leaving readers with the important message that diversity is something to be embraced and celebrated. continuing our authors remember their grandparents series, today we welcome author and illustrator yuyi morales to papertigers with a poignant piece about her grandpa felix. yuyi s most recent book is ladder to the moon, written by maya soetoro-ng candlewick press walker books, . it is the story of a little girl suhaila whose wish that she could know her grandmother is granted one night, when a golden ladder appears with grandma annie, ready to take her up to the moon. read more about the book on yuyi s website, and take a look at the first few pages here - gorgeous this is not the first time yuyi has depicted a grandmother by any means there is her rosy-cheeked abuelita with hair the color of salt in the exuberant my abuelita written by tony johnston, our current book of the month on the main papertigers website harcourt children s books, . and there are her own picture books starring se or calavera just a minute: a trickster tale and counting book chronicle books, and just in case: a trickster tale and alphabet book roaring brook press, : we are big fans of both of them in our household and love se or calavera s website. visit yuyi s papertigers gallery, enjoy her wonderful interview gasp at the images over at -imp s, and find out about all her books and her many projects on her website and blog. my white dress of crochet clusters like popcorn, mama made especially for me. she also made the wings and a halo with antennas, and painted with powder my cheeks, and when i saw myself in the mirror i was a butterfly. at school i fluttered like i was supposed to do, i ran in a circle and flapped my arms with my wings behind. but nobody looked at me. everybody was too busy watching the pretty white girl flap her transparent arms and shake her chamomile washed hair. even mama, her swollen eyes straight at me, was looking somewhere else. nobody cares to watch the brown that is me. just like nobody wants to play with a girl with baby shoes that fit the insole inside and hold my leg right so that some day i can have straight feet. mama, those shoes with the golden buckle and the bow on top are so lovely, i have been telling her every time we pass by the glass case of the shoe store. but mama doesn t say much anymore. she must be tired of repeating what i already know. that i have to stick with these ugly baby shoes until when? until i am a grown up. clipity, clap, clipity, clap, went my shoes while we left school. pling, plong, pling, plong, went my mama s eye tears while we walked down the street. to grandpa felix s house. he is my abuelo because mama told me so. but he doesn t remember me. i know it because the other day when our teacher took us to the park, and my grandpa was we celebrate our ancestors on the day of the dead with offerings of flowers, sugar skulls, and bread , begins el dia de los muertos the day of the dead, a bilingual picture book written and illustrated by bob barner and translated by teresa mlawer holiday house, . this book, with its illustrations of smiley and spirited skeletons, makes for a great introduction to the holiday for young children as a day of happy remembrance in honor of loved ones who have passed away. its simple and well-crafted rhymes will peak kids interest and curiosity about the special foods, music, commemorative altars and parade that the celebration encompasses. for more stories featuring endearing, not-scary-at-all skeletons, check out yuyi morales just a minute se or calavera, a counting book and trickster tale about se or calavera s mr. skull failed attempts to take grandma beetle with him. little brother and i have been having fun recently reading nursery rhymes in spanish and english, from p o peep here s a taster: el barquito uses repetition of whole phrases to create its narrative tension; the english also repeats but only single words: there was, was, was a little boat, boat, boat, who never, never, never learned to float, float, float. and if this silly story doesn t sink, sink, sink, we ll have to tell it one more time, i think, think, think. little brother loves the potential for being very annoying, repeating the rhyme over and over and over; and i love the nonsensical inversion at the end, of the story rather than the boat not sinking. the rhythm is so snappy, i think it s going to be lurking at the back of my mind for a while to come, even without little brother s assistance as in all nursery rhymes across cultures, this selection includes the themes of nature and family; there are short, clapping rhymes, counting rhymes and lullabies; and they encompass everyday routines in a child s life, and flights of imagination. add to all this viv escriv s captivating illustrations and you really do have one special book. this week s poetry friday is hosted by irene latham over at live. love. explore and p.s. don t forget to take a look at our ,000th post, with the chance of winning a spirit of papertigers book set. deadline for entries is wednesday 19th january
__label__non_math	0.9999	the reeve family definitely got their apple picking and pumpkin picking on this month. the first weekend of the month was apples at battleview orchards. i was very excited to introduce adam to one of my favorite summer spots with hannah. seriously, the country store sells the best sugar cookies known to man. we went to the store first to get hot cider and supplies. then it was out to the fields. they re actually way more organized and helpful than eastmont orchards. it was actually a really gloomy day. we were out very early in the morning to drop off a trunk full of books for my sorority s charity drive. and we only stayed out picking for maybe half an hour, we just beat the pouring rain. but it was so worth it. we went back to battleview the next week for more cider and goodies from the store, but we went after lunch and it was a mob. scene. traffic down the road in both directions, a packed store, overflowing lots. everyone and their uncle went apple picking last saturday, so i was actually kind of thrilled we went on a rainy monday early in the month. hannah s kind of an expert fruit picker by now. and they were some good looking fruits. then last weekend we went back over to atlantic farms to get a pumpkin out of a real pumpkin patch. none of this random field littered with pumpkins business. but again, we learned that we must get out of the house earlier. we tried to go to hinck s for lunch again and it was also a mad house. these beautiful days are bringing out all the other people that love fall, it s cramping my style. but still, it was a gorgeous day. and yes, we put the baby in a pumpkin hat to go pumpkin picking. we are those people. i love this stuff
__label__non_math	1.0000	jackson hole real estate company offers an experienced team of real estate agents to help you find and purchase your perfect piece of property in jackson hole. a full mls search and property managment revenue projections are available. whether you are buying or selling a home or investment property, our realtors are here to meet, greet, and exceed your expectations. our reservations operations started in in jackson hole wyoming, and has offered complete custom vacations, with access to the the largest selection of rental properties available to tens of thousands of visitors, and has grown to be the most respected central reservation company in jackson hole. if your looking to ski jackson hole wyoming or to experience our wonderful summer climate and activities, please call us at -800-329-. when looking for jackson hole lodging, it's always best to talk to the locals contact our reservations department at 800 329- or firstname.lastname to start planning your jackson hole vacation today we also have a real estate department: jackson hole real estate company is a premier broker buyer's agent offering access to the entire jackson hole mls search for real estate investment information property search. we also offer exclusive property management services with all-inclusive contracts; and our approach above all, is to provide a higher level of service that is unparalleled in the industry by offering our clients unique valuable information on investments in jackson hole wyoming. if you re interested in buying or selling jackson hole wy real estate in the area; you ve come to the right place. we offer full access to the largest jackson hole mls search around, and as your featured buyer's agent, we work with you, as your real estate agent to keep your best interests at heart. launched in , the site was designed to offer the most detailed realty information concerning our market. we focus exclusively on jackson hole wy - and we know our marketplace which includes our homes for sale, condos and townhomes for sale - as well as the investment and rental market around them. whether you are buying or selling your first home or investment property, our experienced team of realtors is here to meet, greet, and exceed your expectations. contact our real estate department at 800 687- with questions, consultations or more
__label__non_math	0.9994	q: did a nash ever pace the indy 500? i say yes, my retired friends here at the nursing home say no. we are all car crazy and racing fans. can you tell us more about nash and that era of the automobile? elwood k., worchester, mass. a: elwood, you win as i ve touched on in the past, kelvinator and nash formed a corporate merger in when charles nash, then ceo and president of nash motors, merged his company with george w. mason s kelvinator corporation, known for refrigeration. mason thus began a major marketing campaign that to this day is respected as both novel and very effective. concerning the indy 500, it is understood that tony hulman, then president of the indianapolis motor speedway, invited mason to have his nash as the official pace car in . in reality, and knowing of mason s marketing whiz, i wouldn t be surprised if mason arranged the deal with the hulman family, as he knew of the marketing benefits pacing the indy 500 would do for his nash automobile. incidentally, when mason paced the field in , it marked the first time an indy 500 pace car was not a convertible, again giving credence to a possible hulman-mason agreement for the betterment of both companies. on race day, mason drove the car while his riding partner was indy 500 winner wilbur shaw. he also had actor and race fan clarke gable pose for some publicity photos. gable was very interested in auto racing, and his movie with barbara stanwyck called to please a lady centered on indy racing and was released in . but the indy 500 was much more than just a pace car experience for mason. he provided nash vehicles for all the indy officials and also a fleet of new nash cars displayed in a large tent for fan and corporate entertainment. mason was way ahead of the curve when it came to corporate entertainment, all while providing information on his nash automobiles. additionally, mason utilized superman, as clark kent aka superman drove nash cars in the shows, including a nash-healy two-seater. the earlier episode nash cars were utilized by inspector henderson of the metropolis police department who always arrived in a nash. co-star lois lane drove a nash rambler convertible, while photographer jimmy olsen roamed in a nash metropolitan. mason died on , after his successful negotiation of the merger of nash and hudson, which would be called american motors. thus, mason is the godfather of american motors, too. greg zyla writes weekly for gatehouse media and answers reader questions on collector cars, nostalgia motorsports or anything else automotive by writing him at 303 roosevelt st., sayre, pa or at email
__label__non_math	1.0000	lawn mower blades for over manufacturers how often should you replace your lawn mower blades? for residential users, many lawn care professionals recommend replacing or sharpening the blades at least twice every season. commercial users may have to replace their mower blades every week or month, depending on use. remember, sharp blades leave a clean cut for a healthy-looking lawn. dull blades rip and shred the grass, turning the tips brown and leaving it vulnerable to disease. watch our quick video on how to change a lawn mower blade. so when it's time for new mower blades, come to jack's first. we have blades for your craftsman, honda, husqvarna, john deere, mtd, snapper, toro, and several other brands of mowers. or browse through our universal lawn mower blades to find a replacement. we also have a huge selection of high performance gator mulching blades. more information about blades when replacing a mower blade or gator mulching blade , remember to follow your manufacturer's installation guidelines for proper blade installment. if you install the blade upside down, it won't be able to cut the grass. feel free to watch our video tutorial on how to change a lawn mower blade
__label__non_math	0.9998	new york, cmc three-time olympic gold medallist and four-time world champion veronica campbell-brown will lead about three dozen caribbean athletes in the adidas grand prix in new york next week. the grand prix, the third meet of the glitzy, multi-million dollar diamond league, will be held on may at icahn s ...more kingston, jamaica credit rating agency standard and poor s s p yesterday upgraded jamaica s rating. the country s sovereign credit rating was raised from selective default to ccc . the ratings agency also listed the country s outlook as stable . the upgrade comes as the nation s national debt exchange saw per cent of eligible claims participating on the restructuring, s p said. despite the improved rating, jamaica is still vulnerable to external shocks, the agency cautioned. jamaica s government debt rating was downgraded by to caa3 by moody s yesterday while fitch upgraded the country to ccc less than a week ago. post a comment . we welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper email addresses will not be published. . please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. we will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. . we ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. also please stick to the topic under discussion. . please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read.
__label__non_math	0.9999	toubab, pgroove, u-melt, lotus and more at intimate virginia fest in august camp barefoot music festival is set to take place august -, at the cove campground in gore, va. heybro productions, llc the producer of the event is focusing on expanding to national acts as normally known for being a regional act festival for the last two events. focused as a grassroots festival they still support the regional and local music scene from up and down the eastern seaboard. camp barefoot will benefit the nonprofit organization soles4souls, where you donate lightly used shoes to the less fortunate affected by natural disasters. with no national acts overlapping each other, the three-day weekend event will supply numerous bands on multiple stages for an intimate crowd. tickets are limited to a max capacity of ,300 people. advance ticket prices are -day tickets are 100 w camping and vip passes are w camping. they will also have tons of food, art and craft vendors at this grassroots, family style music and art event. the lineup includes: nights of lotus one night will be late night john brown s body the breakfast nights jazzam nights the boogie hustlers modern groove syndicate more acts to be added.
__label__math	0.6441	application and use bare wood: sand with grade grit paper. wipe with brush thinner 2333n. apply a sealer coat of perfection varnish reduced with brush thinner 2333n. previously painted surfaces: with perfection varnish: in good condition sand surface with 120-150 grade grit paper and remove all dust. in poor condition if varnish is badly checked or peeling, remove finish to bare wood with interstrip semi-paste 299e. clear epoxy: allow epoxy to cure for -days. begin by scrubbing well using soap and water and a stiff brush. wash down with fresh water. wet sand with 180-220 grade grit paper. wipe with fiberglass solvent wash 202. method apply at least -coats on bare wood and a minimum of coats on surfaces previously coated with perfection varnish. sand between each coat with 220 grade grit paper. remove sanding residue with a rag dampened with brushing thinner 2333n. mixing mix base and curing agent thoroughly at the specified ratio. thinner brush roller - brush thinner 2333n. cleaner epoxy - fiberglass solvent wash 202. bare wood - brush thinner 2333n. ventilation and humidity control it is best to paint on warm, dry mornings. cold weather retards the drying and humidity can spoil the gloss. brush use a natural bristle brush. roller if rolling, use a thin nap roller and "tip-off" with a clean natural bristle brush. other perfection varnish is not recommended for spray application because of the slow evaporating system which leads to slow set-up time and therefore possible sagging. perfection varnish differs from interthane plus in that it is not supplied in concentrated form. it is ready for application as soon as the base and curing agent are mixed. some important points when applying perfection varnish to clear epoxy, follow instructions carefully. failure to do so will result in poor dry and loss of adhesion. avoid painting in direct sunlight. product temperature should be minimum deg c deg f and maximum deg c deg f. ambient temperature should be minimum deg c deg f and maximum deg c deg f. substrate temperature should be minimum deg c deg f and maximum deg c deg f. compatibility substrates apply to clean, dry, properly prepared surfaces only. do not apply over one part paints. number of coats bare wood: -previously coated wood: - coverage theoretical - 660 sq ft gal by brush recommended dft .mils dry application methods brush, rolle transportation,storage and safety information transportation: perfection varnish should be kept in securely closed containers during transport and storage. storage: exposure to air and extremes of temperature should be avoided. for the full shelf life of perfection varnish to be realised ensure that between use the container is firmly closed and the temperature is between deg c deg f and deg c deg f. keep out of direct sunlight. disposal: do not discard tins or pour paint into water courses, use the facilities provided. it is best to allow paints to harden before disposal. remainders of perfection varnish cannot be disposed of through the municipal waste route or dumped without permit. disposal of remainders must be arranged for in consultation with the authorities.
__label__non_math	0.9999	- food to go - whats on - locations contacts - about recipease this is a slightly unconventional way of serving meatballs, but it makes a really nice change from spaghetti. what s special here is that the meatballs are packed with lots of extra flavours. combine that with the gorgeous tomato sauce and you ve got a real winner on your hands. soft on the inside, crispy on the outside, this puff pastry pie is stuffed with slow-cooked spinach, red onion, fresh dill, spring onions, a touch of lemon and feta cheese. we ve spiced this mix with nutmeg and then topped it with toasted pine nuts, parsley and a kick of cayenne pepper. lightly seasoned loch duart freedom farmed scottish salmon with green beans, spring peas and baby potatoes, topped with fresh basil, dill, a knob of butter and a lemon wedge.
__label__non_math	0.9999	- food to go - whats on - locations contacts - about recipease fresh rolled sole, red mullet, naturally smoked haddock and loch duart freedom food scottish salmon with kalamata olives, sun-dried tomatoes, roasted peppers and fennel, garlic spinach, yellow cherry tomatoes, fresh basil and a lemon wedge. spring peas, broad beans and roasted artichokes layered with rich b chamel sauce, creamy ricotta cheese, free-range egg lasagne sheets, parmigiano reggiano , fresh mint and basil leaves, topped with freshly grated mature cheddar cheese and delicious buffalo mozzarella. soft on the inside, crispy on the outside, this puff pastry pie is stuffed with slow-cooked spinach, red onion, fresh dill, spring onions, a touch of lemon and feta cheese. we ve spiced this mix with nutmeg and then topped it with toasted pine nuts, parsley and a kick of cayenne pepper. this is a slightly unconventional way of serving meatballs, but it makes a really nice change from spaghetti. what s special here is that the meatballs are packed with lots of extra flavours. combine that with the gorgeous tomato sauce and you ve got a real winner on your hands.
__label__non_math	0.9942	bummed that apple booted google maps from their latest ios update? don t despair. google has promised a dedicated google maps app, much like they did for youtube, but what can you do until it s available? well you can get your google maps fix by pointing your preferred iphone web browser to maps.google.com, where you ll find a handy-dandy html google maps web app. pretty slick.
__label__non_math	0.9959	"a fairy tale for those who have given up on believing in them, but still yearn - kirkus starred review available everywhere visit the dragonswood blog tour dec -jan things are never what they seem find the lost inside the dream.
__label__non_math	0.9999	the things we feel called to write about in memoir are all different. true, a second grade teacher who makes a student feel dumb is not as terrible as an abusive parent. but does that mean it is any less worthy to write about? there was something about the incident with that teacher that made her remember, made her want to tell the story of how she stood up for herself, to not give in to forces that told her she was less than who she knew she was. her story was, in essence, the story of a survivor, a girl who survived with her sense of self-worth intact. it is exactly the same kind of story that survivors who have endured more horrific offenses write. a hero s journey can take many forms. we cannot compare our lives to others. nor should we. as flannery o connor said, anyone who has survived childhood has enough material for the rest of her life. sometimes we forget what an amazing feat it is simply to have made it this far.
__label__non_math	1.0000	our commitment to privacy what this policy covers this policy describes the personal information and other information we collect from you and why; how we use this information; when we share this information with third parties; the choices you can make about how your personal information is collected, used, and or shared; and the data security, accuracy and access measures we have adopted to protect your information under our control from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification or disclosure. this policy applies solely to information collected by us, including, at our stores and on or through websites owned and operated by gymboree or its subsidiaries and related entities such websites shall be collectively referred to as our "sites" . this policy does not apply to the practices of people that gymboree does not employ or companies that gymboree does not own or operate including those gymboree play music centers that are independently owned and operated by franchisees . by providing your personal information to janie and jack, you agree that janie and jack may process your personal information in accordance with this policy. please be aware that our sites may contain links to other websites hosted by third parties. janie and jack does not control and is not responsible for the content or privacy practices and policies of such third party websites. we encourage you to be aware when you leave one of our sites and to read the privacy policies of each and every third party website, especially if such websites collect personal information from you. your privacy rights: opting out of marketing and transfers; accessing, updating and deleting information we want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. if you wish to opt out of receiving our marketing efforts or our sharing information with third parties for their marketing efforts, you may do so, at any time, clicking unsubscribe in any email you receive from us and following the instructions on the screen. you may also opt out of receiving our marketing efforts or our sharing information with third parties by contacting us at: the gymboree corporation dixon, ca telephone: -877--gymweb -877-449- in addition, you can manage your preferences by logging into your account at janieandjack.com and clicking on customer service - email preferences. if you would like to opt out of receiving direct mail from janie and jack, you may do so by contacting us at -877-449-. you have the right to request a copy of the information which we hold about you for which we may charge you a small fee for large or complex requests . in addition, if you would like to access, verify, correct, update or delete your e-mail address, mailing address or other personal information with us please contact us the same way. please note that it may take up to two weeks for your request to become effective. thereafter, when you make purchases, we may still send you an e-mail confirmation and may need to contact you by phone, postal mail or e-mail if we have questions regarding your order. the information we collect we collect information that personally identifies you, such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address, phone number including your cell phone number , credit card numbers, gender, occupation, personal interests and your child's date of birth, only if you choose to share such information with us. janie and jack collects personal information from you when you sign in on one of our sites, sign up whether online or in-store for membership to our gymboree rewards program use a membership or rewards program number, register for online shopping, place an order, return products that have been purchased, enroll your child in a play music class, participate in a sweepstakes, contest, promotion, or survey, or request other services that require information, registration or subscription. we may also keep a record of your product interests and purchases online and in our stores as this may have an impact upon the content of our communications with you. whether or not you provide any of your personal information is your own choice. if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to purchase products or access certain services, offers and content on our sites, from our catalogs if we so choose to distribute catalogs or at our locations. like most websites, our sites automatically collect and use the data contained in log files. the information in the log files may include your ip internet protocol address, your isp internet service provider , the web browser you used to visit the site, the time you visited the site, which web pages you visited on the site, and other anonymous site usage data. we may combine information you give us online or in our locations and or we may also combine such information with publicly available information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us, to communicate with you about our products and events that may be of interest to you, and for other promotional purposes. the purposes for which we collect and use information janie and jack collects and uses personal information and other information for three general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see on our sites; to fulfill your requests for certain products and services e.g. shipping your order to you, processing your credit card ; and to contact you about new products or services, special events and promotions. in addition, janie and jack collects your personal information in connection with a non-receipted return for loss prevention purposes. when we may share information with others we will not sell, share or rent personal information to third parties, and we will not otherwise disclose personal information to third parties, without your permission, except as disclosed in this policy. from time to time, we might establish a business relationship with other persons or entities whom we believe trustworthy and whom we have asked to confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with ours. for example, we may contract with service providers to provide certain services including credit card processing, data management, promotional services, web hosting, web development, etc. we provide our service providers only with the information which may include your personal information needed for them to perform these services. each service provider must agree to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information involved in order to protect your information from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification or disclosure. where you have given your permission, or where otherwise permitted by applicable laws, in certain instances we may disclose personal information and other information when we believe it is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against persons or entities in order to protect janie and jack or our customers or when we believe that the law or legal process requires such disclosure. we may also share or cross-reference, or cause to be shared or cross-referenced, such information, including your personal information, with unrelated companies you may be interested in so that the companies can directly market their products or services to you; provided, however, you may always opt out of such marketing efforts as described below . we may also use oversaeas facilities to process, store or back up electronic information. as a result, you hereby consent to us transferring your personal information to overseas facilities for such purposes. we may also share your personal information and other information with entities controlling, controlled by, or under common control with janie and jack. in the event that some or all of our business assets are sold or transferred, we would transfer your information to the buyer or transferee and for due diligence purposes to its professional advisors under an obligation of confidentiality. we allow third-party companies to serve ads and or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. these companies may use non-personally identifiable information e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you. these companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. to learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit please note that, from time to time, personal information collected from you may be processed and stored by us or our service providers in jurisdictions in which disclosure may be compelled by governments, law enforcement agencies and regulatory bodies of those jurisdictions as required or permitted by the laws and courts of those jurisdictions. depending on the laws of the applicable jurisdiction, we may not be allowed to provide notice to you of such required disclosure. by providing your personal information to us, either online or in-store, you agree that we may collect, use and disclose your personal information for the purposes outlined above. how we protect children's privacy janie and jack is concerned about the safety and security of children when they use the internet. each of our sites is intended for a general audience, and children under the age of are not permitted to register with our sites. accordingly, we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of . if we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a child under the age of , we will delete such information from our records. data security and integrity janie and jack takes the security and integrity of your information very seriously. as a result, we do not accept orders by e-mail. we will gladly accept your orders online at janieandjack.com or by phone at -877-449-. our customer service hours are monday through friday, a.m. to p.m., saturday a.m. to p.m., and sunday a.m. to p.m. u.s. and canada pacific time . your janie and jack account information is password-protected for your privacy and security. janie and jack will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or e-mail. you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password and account information. remember to sign out of your janie and jack account and close your browser window when you have completed your shopping to help ensure that others cannot access your personal information. in addition, when you submit personal information via one of our sites, such as a credit card number, that information is encrypted and protected by secure sockets layer ssl encryption technology and stored on servers using standard security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information. however, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be secure. as a result, while we strive to protect information transmitted on or through our sites, we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit on or through our sites, and you do so at your own risk. if at any time you believe the security of your password or account information has been compromised, please notify the janie and jack customer service team at the telephone number above or change your member information online. should you discover an unauthorized use of your credit or debit card, you should immediately notify your card provider in accordance with the terms of your agreement with that company. european union residents for european union and swiss residents, if you choose to provide us with your personal information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the united states. janie and jack adheres to the eu-us safe harbor privacy principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access and enforcement, and is registered with the u.s. department of commerce's safe harbor program. changes to policy janie and jack reserves the right to change, modify or amend this policy from time to time. we will post the changes here. your continued use of our sites constitutes your agreement to abide by the policy as changed. if you object to any such changes, your sole recourse shall be to cease using our sites. this policy is effective as of march .
__label__non_math	1.0000	welcome to janie and jack to sign in, we have encountered an error. please contact us for further assistance at -877-449- or firstname.lastname we will automatically re-direct you to the janie and jack homepage in seconds. if you are not re-directed to the homepage shop our new markdowns... . price as marked online. prices may vary. we ship internationally.... to find out where, gym-mark, inc.
__label__non_math	0.9969	where diamonds are still a girl's best friend first, let's get short rows news out of the way. i joined three of the four raglan shoulder areas, as the pattern instructed, and now i'm at an impasse. the pattern says when knitting the collar to continue the stripe sequence for the front and back and the main color for the area over the sleeves. you know, because knitting a million short rows isn't enough. when you're so close to the end you need to add intarsia to the mix. striped intarsia. where the colors change every freaking row. margene has told me a few times that i'm crazy and i should just knit the collar in the main color as a nice contrast but i was all like i've come this far i'm going to do the insane intarsia collar and guess what? i'm completely confused. the pattern says continue in the stripe sequence. well, the stripe sequence for the back and the front is different. the back comes up higher than the front, duh, and while the teeny tiny tips at the raglan shaping on the front may match up with the back, the mini scoop doesn't. so if i follow in the stripe sequence it's all going to be off anyway. i'm thinking a solid collar is the way to go and then i don't have to really think about it. ann had a brilliant suggestion - that i photoshop a solid collar onto the picture from the magazine. i was going to post it but the picture i have on my site is somehow corrupted and i can't find another picture on the web and i can't find the magazine either. maybe tomorrow. and the pattern also has you knitting in stockinette then switching to garter stitch then folding down the collar for a hem and the ends of the sleeves and bottom of the body are all in seed stitch. should i knit the end of the collar in seed stitch to match? since i'm doing it all in one color? it's all kind of mute at this point because i don't have a circular needle to work. i have to look because i should have one - i mean i have different size addi circulars in like different lengths, it seems kind of ridiculous that i only have one . oh and i pseudo tried it on. i think it will be fine - if anything it will be a bit short, but hopefully not. i'm not thinking about it anymore so as not to torture myself. that's that - moving on i am so freaking excited about this project g and i were invited to a wedding at the end of april - it's an old friend and one of those situations where even if i looked like halle berry i'd still feel a little bit ugly and self-conscious and fat. you know what i mean? so i'm thinking if i'm wrapped in handknit luxury i will feel a little bit better. and c'mon - who else there will have a fabulous handknit shawl? i'm thinking i'll wear it with a simple little black dress - or even if i decide to go with a color - it will look fabulous. the yarn is from sundara and man is she a pleasure to work with i'm putting a bead at the second stitch in from the end on the row before you bind off for the points on the border, and i'm putting one on the stitch you slip in the s1-k2tog-psso sequence that lands you square in the middle of the diamond. the beads end up being a bit off the right of center, but they're all in the same place and when it's all blocked out and gorgeous all you'll see is beauty, not wonkiness. i'm already three repeats in - i absolutely adore this pattern. i would encourage everyone and anyone to make it - it's not that difficult at all - and use stitch markers oh yeah and i got a package from the girls at blue moon. click on the extended entry if you want a peak. ;- my first sock club package this may seem obvious, but my favorite part of the sock club is definitely going to be the yarn. but not necessarily in the way you think. what i'm looking forward to is gasp having no control over what i get. it keeps me from buying the same colors over and over again and i know no matter what they send i will at the least be intrigued. tina is a color genius and she hasn't let me down yet - even with some yarns i was kind of iffy about. i can't wait for the next installment the shawl is gorgeous i'm so jealous of the str. maybe i should promise myself that if i reduce the stash by i can replace it all with str. that should only take a year or so. ::sigh:: posted by: heather at the shawl looks fantastic - can't wait to see it in person posted by: ann at cara, i have a quick question... i looked at sivia harding's website and it looks like her patterns are hard copies, right? i just want to make sure i'm not missing something. posted by: miriam at emergency sock yarn keychain--i love it and the shawl looks absolutely gorgeous. gorgeous, i tell you posted by: --deb at and, oh yes, i'd do the collar of the sweater in the same solid color you used on the sleeves, but that seed stitch would probably look really nice, especially if you have it on the sleeves, too. posted by: --deb at solid color collar, definitely. why drive yourself insane? and i love the idea of dfs in black with those beads - it will be so elegant. i'm wondering if, when i get home from work today, there will be a str package for me posted by: carole at your shawl looks cool. knitting lace with black black yarn isn't blinding you?? on the sweater... i'd say definitely go with the solid color. i'm kinda split on the seed stitch or not; i think there's enough going on with the stripes, so maybe a plain stockinette collar would work better. posted by: monica at fabulous shawl cara. i'm so tempted posted by: may at that shawl is going to be so beautiful posted by: laura at the shawl will be stunning posted by: helen at got a bit dizzy from reading those collar instructions. intarsia? wtf? that's just not right. anyway, the shawl is going to be g-o-r-g-e-o-u-s and now i'm so regretting not joining the sock club. i may have to go pet my sock yarn stash and see if i can get over it. posted by: kris at omg, cara, that shawl is to die for. coincidentally i'm doing my own interpretation of the diamond thing, for dd's school auction, and i was just thinking how annoyed i will be if it doesn't fetch decent money. if only i'd thought to put beads in it... i so know what you mean about meeting up with old friends and folks you haven't seen in years. i call it reunionitis. my 30th i don't want to hear it posted by: lucia at that shawl is going to be stunning do you think to be sure about the black staying as black, you should cut of a strand and soak it in a small amount of water to see what happens? just curious.... posted by: teresa c at absolutely fabulous shawl i got my package today too. : i'm kinda bummed i'm low on knitting time these days - i probably won't be able to cast on until the weekend. posted by: kris at i have no idea where to even start - wow. i got my package, too i love love short rows. i go for the solid collar, you could use the hem technique from nbat. the shawl - oh my - there are no words posted by: jackie at those diamonds are gorgeous posted by: stinkerbell at i love your shawl with the beads in it. i made dfs in black as my olympic project and it drove me crazy - i think it may have been the time pressure. i just gave it to my grandmother this weekend so maybe i need to do another one for me. i'm not sure if my family will let me after what i put them through the first time. oh, and short rows - definitely a solid collar. i can't imagine having to weave in even more ends. posted by: hillary at i think the short rows would look great with the collar the same color as the sleeves, but that's me--sure would be a heck of a lot easier, too. str club is too cool the shawl is gonna be gorgeous, girl posted by: jen at the shawl is gorgeous posted by: gail at i want a black shawl, too, pout : . knitting with black is murder on my eyes, though, so i haven't taken the plunge. posted by: grumperina at i would so do the solid color collar i emailed a few weeks ago to join the sock club,and haven't heard anything back. i assumed they were swamped. and they've already mailed out the first set? hmmm, i think i'll email again. love,love,love the shawl. wish i had an appropriate place to wear something like that posted by: wendi at oh will my package be waiting when i get home the shawl is going to be fabulous. i'll bet you can't put it down. and just do what i said...make the color solid, the seed stitch border would be perfect. posted by: margene at i just got my first package of yarn, too - love it and i really love your shawl in progress. i love black, and that black is fantastic. i think that a simple yet incredibly elegant and chic black shawl is going to be fabulously useful. : posted by: chris at when i saw that sweater i mentally pictured it with a solid collar even before i read anything. definitely solid. that stole is going to look amazing with anything you wear. the beads add just enough sparkle, and that black is deep and dark and wonderful. posted by: kathy at the short row top is really pretty posted by: trek at i got my socks that rock package today too -- and i love the key ring. and i'm very intrigued by this color -- it's not a color i would pick either but i love it just the same. posted by: maryse at short rows will look amazing with a solid collar. probably even more amazing because it will provide a nice frame i got my str package today as well and i heartily agree with the whole "out of my control" aspect. at first, i was a bit iffy on the rainforest jasper because i loathe that color of yellow and am indifferent to the green. but it's sitting on my desk growing on me. and it looks fab in the pattern now i have shawl envy as well. posted by: liz at beautiful black diamonds shawl--what a brilliant idea to incorporate the beads into the design. you will look fabulous at the wedding i wish i had joined the sock club--what a cool kit posted by: diane at looooooove your diamond fantasy shawl posted by: manda at solid collar -- i like it better than the idea of continuing the stripes anyway. the shawl, there are no words to describe how beautiful that shawl is going to be. wearing it will be protection against any feelings of inadequacy. i got my club package today too. i had great fun reading tina's words about pooling, as well having a cool knitting project to look forward to. posted by: anmiryam at okay, short rows is amazing as well as the shawl and isn't the package fun? posted by: scout at the shawl is coming out beautifully. i was going to join the sock club but i wanted to check it out first. i hope they do it again cause i'd def join. posted by: iraida at i think a solid color collar would look great on short rows. your black shawl is divine posted by: karma at i'm swooning over short rows. i think a solid collar would look great. love the shawl -- diamond fantasy will have a couch-mate i know you'll have to keep it where you can see it and they'll be fighting for your attention posted by: vicki at i'll be watching that shawl with excitement. i have been wanting to knit a black shawl, so your pattern notes will be of great interest love the sweater, too posted by: leah at that is going to be a stunning shawl. and, yes, "seed bead" refers to the style of bead, not its composition, and they're usually made of glass. i have to say, though...i think you meant "moot" and "peek". posted by: naomi at that shawl is going to be the picture of elegance. i'm going to a wedding the beginning of april and i'm not even going to try to make anything for it -- i'd only be setting myself up for either failure or too much stress. tjmaxx, here i come. posted by: norma at what a lovely job you're doing on the shawl. maybe i need to do one too. i looked at the yarn company you ordered from and really liked her yarns. they are lovely. neat goodies in the package too. i just may have to join up with them. i've been wanting some socks that rock and no one here in dallas carries it. good luck with all. posted by: ann carpenter at btw - very envious about you girls and your str club. posted by: jacqueline at oh your black shawl is gorgeous posted by: kimberly at wow, i'm not sure you'll be admitted to the wedding if you wear that. definite upstaging of the bride going on. but i must say, being married myself, i'd love to go to weddings upstaging the bride. i was sorely disappointed the blue moon sock club was not open to people in the uk. i shall live the club through you. posted by: abi at love, love, love the new black shawl posted by: diana at the shawl is gorgeous and wasn't that first socks kit great. i was so excited when i saw th ebox at my door. i love the binder and the pattern. the key ring is cool and i love the colors of the yarn. posted by: lisa at lovely sweater and lovely shawl. btw, there's a picture of the short row sweater here: posted by: urraca at i got my str package yesterday too - wasn't i some excited posted by: michele in maine at damn, girl, that shawl rocks. posted by: lee ann at black diamond is gorgeous, c. i love the simple lace pattern with the bead addition. i think wrapping up in handknit loveliness is just the way to go. it would be so great paired with a bright little shift it is a spring wedding great short rows progress too the str package rocks, indeed ; posted by: lolly at what a great idea with the shawl and the beads posted by: kenny at a little advice about working with beads i'm a bead artist primarily, but also a knitter. if you are using them in a garment to be washed, it is a good idea to put a few in a bowl with some soapy water overnight. rinse in the morning and see if the color is still the same. if you are going to dry clean the item, put them in a little bowl with nail polish remover overnight. it's just the worst to put in all that work to have your beads fade the first time you wash them. also, as far as the definition of a seed bead, it is the shape that determines the name. they come in many sizes, the most common being 15s, , 8s, and 6s. the bigger the number the smaller the bead. it looks like you are using sixes. hope this info is helpful for future reference. posted by: francie at that shawl will be beautiful and you'll look beautiful in it... posted by: norah at i love your diamond fantasy shawl. i just finished one in baby cashmere after seeing your first shawl and now thinking about knitting one with beads. thanks for the inspiration. posted by: tess at
__label__non_math	0.7531	nationality : japan jobs : mangaka the publisher ki-oon is delighted to announce the presence of jun mochizuki, pandora hearts author, at japan expo jun mochizuki square enix co., ltd. a great author of the japanese team of square enix fullmetal alchemist, bel blatt, doubt, soul eater , jun mochizuki is a very talented young mangaka who started her professional carrier as she was only a student pandora hearts is the first long series by jun mochizuki and was very successful as soon as it was released in japan, considering both sales and critics, which awarded it to be turned into an animation series in . a clever mix of fantasy and mystery mingled with supernatural inquiries, this new generation sh nen goes beyond the codes of this genre and promises to be one of the manga events of this year oz vessalius, , is the heir of one of the four great dukedoms of the country. the day of his adulthood ceremony, masked executioners push him deep into a dark and confused world, the abyss, for a crime he knows nothing about in this prison far away from human time, he meets alice, a young girl with mysterious powers who proposes a pact to him to take him away from this nightmare. yet the secret organization pandora, whose mission is to unveil the mysteries of the abyss, expects him back an immersion into the abyss is expecting you at japan expo
__label__non_math	0.9965	forget the retro charms of instagram, transform the photos taken with your phone into a personal comic book strip instead manga camera is an phone app that converts your regular image into a frame from a manga comic, complete with onomatopoeic phrases to give an extra edge to the latest portrait of your cat or loved one. the iphone app took the country by storm last year and received around million downloads in its initial month of release, million in the first week alone. japan is the home of manga and purikura photo booths , of course, so this shouldn t surprise anyone but the relatively simple app really tapped into an as-then hungry niche. this is expanding, though, with a rival otaku camera app now available as well. the life of the average salaryman could no doubt do with a bit of spicing up and pictures of your colleagues converted into comic book characters is certainly one way to make the twelve-hour stint at the office go faster. the brainchild of shunsuke funaki, manga camera received some welcome publicity overseas when it was first released yes, i know we re late to the party the problem is how to make this kind of app not just a quick blink-and-it s-gone hit. sure, there are kinds of manga frames to choose from but can this genre of app keep going? the development time was apparently just under a month but can the popularity of the app last any longer? sns functionality is a must, for sure, as is targeting other asian regions, especially china. other photo-editing local apps on the market that have done a good job with this include snapeee, which brings the uber-kawaii feminine touches of purikura to your phone. there is also miil, an app especially for sharing images of food. the japanese are obsessed with taking photos of their meals and then uploading them to blogs and social media. can this more esoteric kind of app, which has also passed local user milestones in the millions, grow in other regions as well? the jury s out for now. pairy was announced in june, a special iphone and android app just for a couple to communicate between themselves. pairy is not a pioneer in a global sense but it might provide solutions to local digital dilemmas. but privacy is more important to japanese web users than americans and europeans sometimes a google search for a japanese person will literally bring up nothing . this isn t just for saccharine and schmaltzy couples: pairy will mean that you can chat on facebook and tweet just between yourselves like the app path , which is very important for japanese. forgetful men will like that you can have the app notify you about your anniversary and for the sleazier amongst you, you can even chronicle those milestones you have reached with your partner first kiss etc in a couple timeline . the developers have taken out any potentially negative or problem-causing issues too, such as giveaways like your present location after all, knowing where your lover is might create all sorts of relationship issues the focus is on chatting, writing a mutual blog, sharing links and getting information about dates and places to go restaurants etc tailored to the particular couple. there is also a digital stamps feature where you can add cute illustrations to express yourself like emoticons this is surely how they make their money? . in this respect the user interface and interaction retains a very japanese look. line has also seen success with this kind of virtual sticker shop feature. a free japanese phone call and messaging app, it was launched after the .earthquake and tsunami and currently has some million users worldwide. japanese users took to facebook very slowly because of the concerns over privacy so local developers have found ways to exploit the best things about the platform, while also respecting vernacular worries. according to research by the university of tokyo s graduate school in the summer, some of users across the generations are now using some kind of sns, a jump from levels. though it hasn t been plain sailing for all platforms, that is not to say there isn t a strong craving for digital communication. another reason for facebook s initially turgid growth was that mixi had made such a success out of the diary sns genre. this is still popular, it seems, as witnessed by the launch very recently of wakka pictured above , a diary app from cyber agent for sharing your mini blog entries with your friends.
__label__non_math	0.9998	love and marriage - japanese and american sometimes i receive email or comments asking about marriage, specifically about being married to a japanese woman. i've been meaning to write something about this. not that i'm an expert, but for those who are asking, here it is. i went to a wedding in tokyo last weekend. it was beautiful. the bride and groom both japanese looked great together. we've known the bride for years, and we were very happy for her. i loved the food japan certainly doesn't have a monopoly on fake christian weddings, by the way. i've been to fake christian weddings in the usa. but seeing the whole shebang in japan -- the mini version -- is uniquely perplexing. i've said all of this in order to say that i have a christian view of marriage. not a "fake" christian view and not necessarily an american-cultural, bush voting, gun toting, red state republican point of view . but my best attempts at love and marriage come out of a relationship with jesus. one of the biblical writers, paul, once wrote that, "if jesus was not raised from the dead, then we are the greatest of all fools." i agree. as you read, please keep in mind that my faith in god is behind what i think, and you might consider me a great fool if you really stop and think about it. now that i've got here, what i'm about to write seems so simple. i'm tempted to stop now. not literally "tempted" -- but, ok. i met my wife in in the usa. we were both studying in the same graduate school, and we often studied at the same coffe shop on campus. i had talked with her a few times. one day, in a spontaneous moment, i invited her to go kayaking. i owned a big, yellow kayak for two. she agreed to go with me, we had a great time, and we got married one year later to the day . i was not pursuing a japanese wife. i wasn't even pursuing her -- not yet. i didn't learn until later about guys who go looking for a japanese wife. i wouldn't say that's always "bad," though it may be an under-developed idea how's that for a sensitive phrase? . i think japanese women find these guys kind of spooky though no offense , and i don't really want to be seen that way. in terms of dating and marriage, i wasn't that hopeful at the time. i had spent the summer working in a community center in a poor neighborhood, and i had just returned to school with no real prospects. perhaps i had given up on marriage, for the time being, and shifted my eyes off myself a bit just a bit . at any rate, i thanked god that hitomi came into my life, and for once i didn't engineer the process. we had a few things going for us. my wife is basically bilingual and bicultural. she lived in the usa for four years during elementary school then returned to japan and stayed there through university. she came to the usa to attend our graduate school in , so she had been there for five years before we met getting a masters and starting her ph.d. . we both shared the same "foolish" faith in jesus that i mentioned above, along with a common sense of purpose. i had never lived in japan and didn't speak a word of japanese, but i had spent a lot of time somewhat outside of my own culture at the time i was living in east la . i thought that i was pretty adjustable and good at learning new cultures and languages. to an extent, that was true, but i've honestly been stretched further in the past few years than i anticipated. practically speaking, marriage is hard work. of course, you can hear this a thousand times, but when you're "in love" you'll know beyond a shadow of a doubt that it doesn't apply to you. that's a mistake. it applies to everyone who wants to build a great marriage. there will come a day in the future when you look at the other person and think, "who is this that i have married?" "what have i done?" and that's when you really begin something extraordinary. or it's the beginning of the end. hopefully, you'll be ready when that moment arrives. if being married to someone from your own culture is hard work, then being married to someone from another culture is harder work. committment and communication not the warm feelings of first love are the keys to making a marriage that will last. but effective communication will require overcoming language and culture gaps -- and you may not see the gaps in advance even if you should . these gaps are significant even for my wife and i. she is fluent in english and quite attuned to american culture, but we still have different ways of seeing and saying things that have deep roots in our identities. we must make an intentional, ongoing effort to communicate to overcome the gaps and communicate well. i can't imagine where we would be if we didn't share at least one strong language and culture between us. or where we would be without our committment to marriage and our common faith? what does all this mean? i think most marriage counselors would encourage a couple to spend time before marriage learning how to communicate, working through some conflicts and talking specifically about the future. common sense says that a cross cultural couple should spend more time and effort working through these and other practical issues -- at least enough time to get past the feelings of "falling in love" and find out what's really there. my wife and i got married after just one year. did we break the rule? well, it's not really a rule, but yes. we had a lot going in our favor, as i said above, but we took a risk deciding to get married early in our relationship. we have learned so much together in the midst of being married, and our marriage is very strong. but the story doesn't always have a happy ending. honestly, the majority of american-japanese marriages that we've seen have been difficult. some have ended in divorce, and others just don't thrive. we know a few american-japanese couples that do have strong marriages. i'm pretty sure they have all worked hard at their marriages, and in all cases either the husband or wife or both speaks the other's language well. i should add, the people who i'm thinking of also share the same faith, but that by itself isn't enough to make a marriage work. before wrapping this up, i think i should write out a few practical ideas that anyone can take or leave. i feel under qualified, but here goes. talk specifically about marriage and the future. what does marriage mean to you? what about fidelity in marriage? how many kids do you want? when? what language will they speak, where will they go to school, etc? where will you live? one of you will be separated from his her parents, and the kids will be separated from one set of grandparents. who will cook, clean the clothes and wash the dishes? how much income will you need, and how many hours will one or both of you work a big deal in japan ? preferably, talk through all these questions with an experienced marriage counselor. if you have "christian marriage values," e.g., even if you don't have faith in christianity why not talk with a christian counselor or pastor and get his her perspective? don't get married on the basis of a long distance relationship. somebody move to the other country and spend a long time getting to know each other in real life. don't say, "she can't get a visa unless we get married." people work out visa immigration problems every day. if you love each other, find a way. spend time together with each other's families. you will learn a lot about each other this way. if one or both of you come from a family that is so unhealthy that this is not possible, then delay getting married for an extra year or more, and get counseling. i'm not trying to be hurtful, but coming from an unhealthy family means the challenges will be even greater. if you are a japanese woman reading this, be careful about any guy who thinks japan is perfect. give him time to really figure out the good and the bad. and be super careful about any guy who constantly looks down on japan because he will look down on you, too, once it sinks in that you're really japanese . i'm going to stop now. not because i think that i'm done. i'm tired of thinking, my wife is cooking dinner this time , and i'd like to do something useful. please feel free to write a comment or question. or tell part of your own story good or bad and what you've learned from it. i'd like to think we could learn from each other. posted by jw at it'a good writing with great thoughts. i'm japanese woman who is living in japan as returnee. i am working in strong american influenced environment. there are some japanese-american couples around me. since i am living in close to us armed force base, i see interracial couples more than others. there are some couples have troubles all the time, some people keep breakup makeup cycle or wandering dating market. from my perspective, we japanese are americanized a lot, however, most of us are still very much japanese. outfit, music, movies whatever seems like westernized though, japanese mentality has not changed since decades ago. it causes misunderstanding, conflict et al. i am returnee but i still have very traditional japanese parts in myself. being with ex-stranger is hard work as you say. all relationships require struggle. you need to work to get in and work to stay in. coco - thanks for stopping by and sharing your thoughts. interesting word choice: "ex-stranger." your experience of japanese-american marriage echoes my own. i also agree that a shared faith and the shared values that arise from it are a great blessing and help through difficulties. i have often thought that in many ways my wife and i have more in common in ways that really count because of our religion than we would have if we were from the same country but of different religions. happy easter to you an your family. an observation: there's a flip side to point and maybe . from my perspective as an american in japan, there seem to be japanese girls who think a western american life is the life for them, because they spent some months overseas and really loved it. ..however, from seeing the result of my friend's marriage, it is usually reallyhard for a japanese girl to actually move to america. it was the first time i heard "moving to american was a step down in my quality of life, you know." i guess.. it's one more thing your readers might consider. talking seriously about money and work and everything in is important, because westerners and japanese expect different things. ...nice post--one i will reread. thanks, and good point. japan and the usa are worlds apart in many ways. just thinking about it makes me feel kind of queasy i've been here for years and i'm still rocking on the sea of change . and students or short term workers tourists, etc. japanese in the usa or vice versa have a very limited experience. by the way, i don't remember the exact percentage, but i once heard that percent of people from china who study in the usa immigrate if they can to the usa or canada . but i think percent or more of the japanese people who study in the usa return to japan. there are many factors beyond preference, of course, but i think it generally shows that either japanese people mostly prefer to live in japan or they have difficulty adjusting to life in the usa or both . some very good points. i married a japanese woman on the day this article was posted. we married in the shinto tradition in tokyo. neither of us are devoted shinto adherents, but the rites of the ceremony were sincere and meaningful to both of us. the option of a "fake" christian wedding was considered, but rejected as an empty expression. your insight on the cultural aspects of japanese-american relationships is very well thought-out, even if this was done without conscious effort. i have known the woman i married for years off and on, with many years of accumulated experience on both sides. those years together and apart made us finally suited for a lasting and committed relationship. she is absolutely japanese at the core and it is only by living in japan that i have come to truly appreciate that. she has also been overseas for her job dozens of times, spending months at a time in europe, asia, and both north and south america. she also spent a year in the united states during high school. i think that prolonged exposure to different cultures helped her to appreciate and to view critically both her own and my cultural perspectives. this ability to look critically at cultures, especially your own, is key in my opinion. by critically i do not mean with distain, i mean having the ability to see the good and the bad and accept both. all that said, i know the next several years will be the most difficult and most rewarding years of our lives. we have the advantage of being in our 40s and having tons of relationship experience to draw lessons from. most importantly, we have talked about the future together extensively and agreed to a plan concerning where we will live, jobs, and children no we are not too old, one is on the way . thanks, and congratulations. it sounds like you have both learned so much about each other -- and very much about this topic of marriage across cultures. when we had our first baby, i said it was a bigger change in my life than getting married. be prepared, well, as well as you can. : it's very interesting to read your views on two-culture marriages. i myself am american and married to an englishman. we live in england. perhaps because i travelled to foreign countries including japan as a young person i learned to accept different cultures from an early age. i have had virtually no problems adjusting and i've lived here years now. and before someone thinks that there isn't much difference between america and the uk, think again. i have seen many members of my ex-pats group very upset because they just can't grasp living in another country. we are two countries divided by a common language. i am also an exception to the rule. my husband and i married one year after meeting online and after a few visits with each other. we just knew it was meant to be and years later we are still very happy and in love. i am a christian, my husband is agnostic. it works for us. communication is the key to any successful relationship. thanks. as you point out, there are exceptions to every rule -- although i didn't set out to define any rules, just to write from what i've seen. and communication along with many other "com" words is definately crucial to any successful relationship. that's why normally, if someone asked, i wouldn't recommend your particular pathway to marriage. you must have done some great work communicating during those visits and after getting married hi - i have nothing to add because i'm not american, japanese, or married. but i enjoyed reading your insights. i am a christian and have spent a year in japan. i hope one day to return as a potentially long-term missionary. i'm not looking specifically to marry a japanese girl, but given the direction my life is going it could be what happens if the lord blesses me with a wife at all . so it was great to read about your experience. thanks first of all i wanted to say hello to andy and thank you for the insightful posts. i am a white american male, who has had a long distance relationship for almost a year, with a japanese international student, who is attending school halfway across the us from me. she has only lived in the us for a couple years, and speaks rather poor english- but good enough to survive and get around town by herself perfectly fine. your points -and lance's post really stuck in my mind, because they reflect exactly what i'm going through right now. not to sound like a whiner she is a very intelligent, beautiful, and swee girl- but these are the main problems: she wants to quit school halfway through, to be with me- thinking she can just pick up where she left off at some college in my city. for her to move here without being already registered as an international student, i would have to marry her immediately- not that i'm against the idea of marrying her- i just don't feel like marrying on a certain date due to legalities she doesn't have a car or driver's license, and has never driven on the right side of the road in her life. i'm in a big city with public transportation, but unless you live and work on a bus route, you're pretty screwed here if you don't drive...especially if your limited english skills prevent you from being able to work at of businesses here. her parents were alarmed when she told them about me, so she told them i'm a lawyer, which is not true i have made it clear that i would like to buy a house in a few years, which she thought was completely unneccessary apparantly a much smaller percentage of japanese own homes . she seems like she'd rather spend the money traveling back and forth to japan. basically, i have to hmake a decision in the next few weeks, because she is visiting me next month, and wants our permanent life to begin at the end of the summer. any thoughts would be extremely helpful. i feel like a jerk for even posting this, but none of my friends have been able to offer much help, because they've never been through anything remotely like this. i just checked this thread and read your comment. it's great that you've written this, because i'm sure others will come along and relate with your situation. my thoughts...well, my sense is that you are hesitating to think about marriage for good reasons. in fact, some of these things stick out like enormous red flags to me. here are some impressions. saying you would "have to" marry her - i would hate to consider marriage from that perspective. it's amazing to realize how easy it would be to get married, isn't it? you could actually get married this summer. wow. but after a year or two of marriage, all those exciting feelings will have passed, and you'll realize that time is one thing you have in very large supply. you will have decades together potentially hopefully . i'm pretty sure that you'll eventually wish you had taken more time dating, building trust, working through many issues including issues you still aren't aware of . "she doesn't have a car...etc." - sounds like she'll be unhappy, and she may be unhappy where she is now. she's got things to learn and work through in order to flourish in the usa, and she may never be really happy there. you may seem like a person who will fix that for her, but you can't. i'm worried for you if you try to fix this hard situation for her. "her parents were alarmed..." of course they were. she's studying abroad and talking about marrying somebody there who happens to live on the other side of the country, etc . the fact that they are shocked is a red flag, of course, but the part where she tells them you're a lawyer... i don't know her or her family situation. it may be messed up, or maybe she just over-reacted. either way, if it's messed up: i hope you'll take things everything super slowly. if she just over reacted: start making plans to go to japan, spend some time there, meet her parents and win them over if you possibly can. your marriage will have a much better chance of lasting if you have their support. if you can't get their support, don't take "no" for an answer. work hard to earn their trust. maybe you will, maybe you won't, but you'll learn a lot about your relationship in the process. and you have time for all this...time in which she'll be learning so much about herself, you, english, etc. "i have made it clear..." if you get married, imho, it's all on the table. owning a house, where you live, etc. if owning a house and living in the usa is non-negotiable for you, then make it clear. if she doesn't agree with you on the point, then why not end the relationship now for both of your sakes. or at least put off marriage in hopes that one or both of you may change his her position in time. that may sound harsh, but if you pressure her into going along with your "idea" for now, she may plan to raise it again later. "she seems like she'd rather spend the money..." it sounds like this is an area where she is still a great mystery to you. a huge part of her identity is not just culture or language -- but a geographic place and all that's there. this stuff is what i really wrote about in my post. it's deep, complex and you won't get it quickly. i think either she needs time to really, deeply learn and make peace with all about living in the usa including english . and or you need to learn japanese and japanese culture and come to peace with it by moving to and living in japan. of course, this is in addition to building trust and good communication and all the other work that goes into a healthy marriage . this may take a couple of years, or more, and it will be worth it if you end up having a great marriage or avoid a really bad one. sorry about writing such a book. normally, i would go back and edit this down and take out anything that seems to cross any lines. but for the sake of going to bed, i'm leaving it 'as is'. feel free to comment again or send me an email if you'd like to andy at japanwindow - com . i read through the entire post, and i think it's a beautiful one, as are the pictures on the site. keep up the good work, i just turned yesterday, i'm american just recently finalized my dissolutionment on the 14th. now considering my first marriage with my american high school sweetheart has just ended, my confusion is even more immense than most together yrs total married . i've lived in different states, moved a total of - times getting a "little" culture shock in ca . you may relize my necessity for a constant in my life considering my past. anyways, i met a japanese woman in high school. she is almost my same age, her family moved to the us when she was we got along very well. we spoke for -years in high school art class, but she never had to worry about me asking her out. we both went to separate art colleges graduated. both moved back to our highschool home town to live with parents. we also have alot in common considering we both love art went to the same school. she seemed to be the only woman i knew i had a lot in common with or somewhat of a past with very important to me . i feel like she could be the one that all the other junk going on with me is messin it up. we went out "as friends" several times, got along great it seemed as though she was throwing out signs. then the signs kinda stopped when i told her about my dissolutionment the 3rd time out. i said i didn't want to put a damper on the mood talk about the ex. she said it was fine that i could talk to her about it it wouldn't put a damper on the mood. she still came out twice since i told her. i thought since she had said she wasn't looking for anything short term she assumed i was. i know she is very independant and has said she has never had boyfriends. she has also said that growing up her parents gave her out showed her picture to doctors lawyers, trying to find her a husband. so in a sense the japanese factor cultural thing i think is throwing me off considering i just got back on the dating scene since years ago. her sister has a fiance traditional japanese guy said she hoped they work out cause it would get her off the hook. the signs vs. what she says later vs. how i react or don't react at all. cause i feel i'm not ready or that she should think it's too soon for me. i know relationships do take time compromise. now i'm more willing than ever to compromise for true love and a constant. i know that no career or amount of money can compensate for an empty home. japanese or not it doesn't matter to me, but i know it has an effect on her, the way she was raised and the way she thinks. although i think her parents who lived almost their entire lives in japan have more of an effect on her. i haven't asked her yet because of the topic. i'm confused, really bad confused. i think confused in the worst possible way. hope you have some insight to drop on me. cause anything i've received from friends has confused me, pushed pulled me way or the other. i do know i can at least say i've been trying to take it slow considering. love yes marriage sure, as far as she goes i'm trying to figure it out. i'm really just not trying to mess up what i beleave to be my last chance for true love a constant that i have some past with. would have edited but still feel i left out out a ton sorry so much writing so confused. an exceptional entry. i'm sorry that i didn't read it sooner. your words offer a practical and realistic point of view that often is forgotten during the 'bliss period'. i've had long term relationships with american women as well as an indonesian where i've been for years and can testify to what you've said. no matter what you feel at first, you should keep in mind that relationships are work - plain and simple. mixing cultures opens up a whole new world of curiosities, difficulties, and hilarious circumstances. i've chosen to accept those differences and hardships - but not eveyone will be able to. thank you for expressing your thoughts in such a clear and matter-of-fact manner. from my experience i have found that chinese women lie for unnecessary reasons, but japanese women are truthful. i am a native born caucasian male with many visits to japan and china. i almost married a japanese women, but made the mistake of marrying a chinese woman. i don't think either statement -- that chinese women lie or that japanese women are truthful -- is generally true. i've known chinese women with great integrity and japanese women who can't be trusted. it's too bad your marriage turned out to feel like a mistake though. first of all, thanks for sharing so much. i am highly impressed by your faith and tact, and especially the care you have taken to answer each post. i don't know if you have any insights for me, but i would appreciate it if you would discuss my situation with your wife and answer me in an effort to deal with my circumstances as an american ex-wife with children whose father recently exchanged "vows" in a symbolic ceremony, with their new japanese step-mother and little sister. i'm baffled at the cultural barrier that seems to separate me further from my kids--i'm afraid i don't know a thing about japanese culture--however; i truly want to share my sincere congratulations with this new couple as the primary parents for my children. this is extremely emotional for me as a mother. i want her to know that i respect her and love her for loving our children. as their primary residence, she is the woman of the house and will be a second "mom". i don't want to isolate or offend her. i want to make a sincere gesture to show my support and appreciation as well as congratulations and best wishes prayers . since mother's day is this sunday and they were only joined together last sunday, i thought a mother's day card expressing my feelings would be appropriate. i've only been divorced for a year . my emotions are mixed but i am seeking through prayer and communication a way to be "one big happy family". please, i would appreciate any comments you and your wife may have regarding this particular situation from both american male and japanese woman as husband and wife. thanks and god bless this is really a crazy world. how can anybody understand all this crazy stuff all around? it's so meaningless, but in one way it's fantastic sorry this took awhile. i don't often check comments on old entries though. you are obviously in a really hard situation. even a japanese person would struggle to figure out what to do. here are a few thoughts that may help. first, so much depends on the character and values of your ex-husband and his wife. character - hopefully the new wife is open minded, adaptable and secure. some readers may laugh and say these words do not describe a typical japanese housewife. but i've seen many moms who would rise to this situation. even if the new wife's character is not prepared for having these kids, hopefully she'll rise to a new level ideally with support and encouragement from your ex-husband . much will depend on her assuming your ex-husband will be working late on weekdays . values - japan is an insider outsider culture, and there is no tradition of raising other people's children e.g., adoption is almost unheard of . that's why character is so crucial. the new wife and your ex-husband really must map a course, and they will face pressures, gossiping and second-guessing from friends, neighbors and possibly from family, etc. with all this in mind, my wife and i both think the new wife's sense of personal security is critical. you can't make her feel secure, but you should at least be careful not to damage her sense of security as a wife or mother . i know you wouldn't do that intentionally, but you may do that unintentionally. you are somewhere between 'insider' and 'outsider' now, and that's got to feel very uncomfortable. she needs to know that she is the wife, and that you will not do anything to come 'into' her home. japanese people don't maintain boundaries in the same way americans do. an american will directly tell you when you "cross the line." a japanese person may smile and pretend nothing is wrong for awhile, but if the 'offending' person doesn't realize they are crossing a line and stop, then the solution is to cut off the relationship completely. keep in mind, she may perceive your existence as crossing an emotional line and wish you were cut off -- and if she feels that way you can't do much about it other than try to respect her wishes. but if she doesn't want to avoid you completely or even if she does , then here are some practical suggestions: - send her a letter and tell her what you would like to do in order to be involved with your kids. my wife suggests that you state specifically what you plan to do. for example, tell her specifically when you plan to send gifts e.g., for their birthdays and christmas . you can state your support for her although i wouldn't say you "love" her, or use any emotional language, but that you support her . - i wish i'd said this sooner, but my wife thought it's best not to send a mother's day card. it's just too mysterious and prone to be misunderstood. - you obviously have to work out other details. for example, when and how often you'll talk to the kids on the phone, etc. we don't know enough about the situation to say much, but a don't overdo talking with your ex-husband on the phone the new wife may feel insecure if you talk too long and b let the new wife control where your relationship with her goes. maybe if she understands you support her and will not threaten her security, she'll be open to talking with you that is, if you both speak a common language . i've said lots about the new wife's sense of security. in american culture, we really don't worry much about the other person's security being 'insecure' is the other person's problem . if you have the attitude with a japanese person, you really risk being cut off unless the japanese person is cross-cultural him or herself . in japan, you must guard the other person's boundaries and personal security -- and, as i've also said, this is a very challenging case for that. and in that regard, this wouldn't be complete if i didn't say, 'pray.' for her, for the kids, for your husband and yourself. we truly both wish you well. i am nepali boy.i am years old.i like trust,helpful,and good japanese girl to marry.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the cost of your child's treatment may vary depending on their individual needs and treatment plan. we will discuss with you the cost of your child's treatment and each of your available payment plan options before beginning treatment so that you can make the best choice for you, your child's smile, and your family. affordable payment plans your child's smile is theirs forever, and we want to make it as easy as possible for your child to receive the best dental care whenever you need it. our practice accepts most major credit cards and insurance plans. our office staff is always available to help you with insurance claims and paperwork. we'll work with your insurance provider to make sure that your coverage meets your needs and your budget. please let us know if you have any questions about your insurance coverage, and let us know how we can help to make your child's entire dental experience a pleasant one.
__label__non_math	0.9997	by caroline leavitt goodbye, columbus and five short stories by philip roth 289 pages. vintage books usa. . meets girl. boy gets girl. boy loses girl. first love s always a classic tale, but in philip roth s hand, in goodbye, columbus, it takes on the shimmer of a diamond or should i say a jewish star. roth was just when he wrote the story, part of a collection which won the national book award, and when i first read it, i was and starry-eyed, and though i loved the story, i think i missed the point. of course goodbye, columbus isn t any ordinary boy-meets-girl story. it s about neil klugman, vaguely ashamed and angry that he didn t go to a better school than rutgers, that he lives at home with his crazy aunt, and that he works at the local library in the bronx. one summer, he s reluctantly invited to a cousin s westchester country club, and it s there that he s instantly smitten with gorgeous, wealthy brenda patimkin, a radcliffe undergrad who is living a life of privilege. and she s smitten back. oh, how i loved that beginning, but at , i don t think i saw the biting, acerbic wit, or the nastiness, that simmered inside of neil. i admired his feverish pursuit of brenda, the way the two lovers seemed headed for marriage and the happily ever after that entailed, but now, rereading, i see the way he can t help undercutting his desire for brenda with an equal need to cut brenda down to size. he mocks her getting her nose fixed. he grabs cherries out of her overstuffed refrigerator and tosses them out into the toilet. furious, he refuses to let her pampered little sister julie win at a game, an unspoken patimkin rule. in truth, he doesn t really see brenda. when he meets her at the train station, he remarks that she doesn t look like brenda to him. there s always a sense of their getting to know each other, even after all their time together, and there s always something standing in the way of their happiness, which is, of course, each other. brenda s trying to get back at her mother, whom she thinks hates her and what better way than by choosing an unsuitable boy? smug and self-righteous and disapproving of her family s excesses, neil still can t help himself from loving what he disapproves of. he s desperate to improve his own lowly status, and at times, it seems as though he s using brenda to do it. in much of roth s work, his heroes need to humiliate and control the women they re with, in order to prove something to themselves, and goodbye, columbus is no different. neil s one way of having control over brenda is to insist she get a diaphragm remember that this story is set in the 50s, folks, and at the time this sexual adventure was a mite scandalous . it s not just to protect against her getting pregnant; the diaphragm is a symbol to him a mark that they have a real relationship, that they re adults and serious about love and its consequences. but brenda makes use of the symbolism of that tricky little rubber frisbee, too, carefully planting it in her drawer at home where her mother can find it. brenda knows which side of the challah is buttered for her, and she sets things up to make sure the affair is doomed, without actually having to take responsibility for it. both of them have used sex to manipulate the other. who, we might say, is zooming who? when the book first came out, my father told me, that like a great many jews, he was deeply offended by it. of course, he was even more upset by the film, which boasted the tagline, every father s daughter is a virgin, and he refused to see it. the nouveau richeness of the patimkins, with their refrigerator super-stocked just with fruit, the over-the-top opulence of brenda s brother s wedding, which was more of a feeding frenzy, insulted him. reading the story now, i find it funny and moving because the excess is seen through neil s eyes, worked up into a lather of equal parts disapproval and overwhelming yearning. rereading the story, it s interesting to me how completely unlikable both the characters are and that s revolutionary. yes, it s a love story, but it s bigger than just about neil and brenda. in a funny way, it s a love story about culture clash and value clash. mr. patimkin started out like neil, with just about nothing, but he grew rich, and to him, giving his kids anything their hearts desire, be it coats or dresses, or a way out of an affair that was meant to wound them, is his pleasure. and because of roth s genius, it becomes the reader s pleasure as well.
__label__non_math	1.0000	family fun friday trb 424 tower street trafalgar, in show map trafalgar branch children's services phone: 317 878- bring in the whole family for some library fun, including, games, snacks, and crafts
__label__non_math	1.0000	jcpl closed for july 4th in honor of independence day, all locations of the johnson county public library will be closed on wednesday, july . we will reopen at our regularly posted hours on thursday, july . for more information, please contact your local branch at the phone numbers listed below: white river branch: 885- clark pleasant branch: 535- franklin branch: 738- trafalgar branch: 878-
__label__non_math	1.0000	this is johnson county public library's webpage for teens. we'll keep you updated on all the newest books, graphic novels, magazines, movies, cds and more below, view our book trailers for recent ya book releases. then, make sure to check out the books using our online catalog teen services librarians jen hoffman, clark pleasant branch kalen jones, franklin branch annemarie wallace, trafalgar branch erin kirchhoff, white river branch
__label__non_math	0.9999	a classic carry-in-your-wallet gift card that we ship for free standard delivery with a copy of our most recent catalog and a personal message from you. what is a j.crew gift card? it's the perfect gift for everyone on your list as well as the simplest . it acts just like a debit card you choose the amount you would like to give 500, please call us at 800 562 . how can i redeem my j.crew gift card? gift cards can be used at jcrew.com, on catalog phone orders or in any j.crew, j.crew factory or crewcuts store. so shop around, select the item you're interested in and use your gift card to pay for it. it's so easy. the gift card keeps track of the balance, so you can use it on one purchase and then use it again on another with the remaining balance. learn how to use a gift card online. find a store near you. call 800 562 to use your gift card on phone orders. can i add more money to my j.crew gift card? of course. you can add an additional amount to your gift card at any j.crew store it's a great idea for college students living away from home . are there shipping charges on gift cards? we offer complimentary standard shipping and express delivery for an additional charge on our gift cards. there are no shipping costs for the j.crew e-gift card. gift cards are sent separately from other items ordered at the same time, so shipping charges will still apply to other merchandise. read more about shipping. do you offer corporate gift cards? yes, for classic gift cards only e-gift cards are not available for corporate gifts . we do it at a discounted rate too percent off gift card orders of ,500 or more. they're perfect for sales incentives, customer relations and holiday gift giving. call us to order at 800 562 or email us at email can i check my gift card balance? you can check the balance of your gift card or e-gift card at any time. check your balance. coupons and discounts cannot be applied to gift card purchases. if other merchandise is included in your order, the coupon value will apply only to those items. sales tax will not be applied to gift card purchases. if other merchandise is included in your order, tax will apply only to those items. the purchase and redemption of gift cards cannot exceed ,000. j.crew will not be responsible for lost or stolen gift cards. j.crew gift cards are non refundable and cannot be transferred, exchanged or resold and cannot be redeemed for cash except where required by law or applied to a j.crew credit card account.
__label__non_math	0.9039	sign up now appletonbrookfieldbrown deerjanesvillekenoshamadisonmequonmiddletonmilwaukeeriver hillssheboyganshorewoodsouth milwaukeestevens pointstoughtonsun prairiethiensvillew milwaukeewhitefish baywhitewater ok...so this is the section where i come up with as many awesome adjectives about me that i can find, right? here it goes... i am a da... misssunshine944b is a 33yr-old single woman in river hills, wisconsin i am a fun, laid-back, low-maintanence woman. i love the simple things in life and am looking for someone of whom we can enjoy each ot... amy1213 is a 34yr-old single woman in river hills, wisconsin spark networks usa, llc is a wholly-owned subsidiary of spark networks, inc., a nyse amex company lov . spark networks usa, llc does not conduct background checks on the members or subscribers of this website.
__label__non_math	1.0000	sign up now belmarelizabethemersonfair lawnfreeholdhamiltonharrisonhillsdaleirvingtonjersey citylakewoodlincoln parklyndhurstmahwahmillvillemonmouth junctionmorristownnewarkoakhurstteaneck i am a great guy who is looking for a life partner and loves to cuddle.i am a conference room manager for major league baseball and a v... donsteinfeld is a 44yr-old single man in emerson, new jersey spark networks usa, llc is a wholly-owned subsidiary of spark networks, inc., a nyse amex company lov . spark networks usa, llc does not conduct background checks on the members or subscribers of this website.
__label__non_math	1.0000	in this issue: - notes from the chair executive editor - immigration reform may affect all employers - primer on west virginia state law labor and employment claims? - taking a look at the latest on affordable...more - affordable care act flight crews flsa fmla immigration reform military caregiver leave military leave veterans wage and hour wage payment and collection act jd supra gets your content noticed, increases your visibility and makes your marketing efforts hassle free... learn more or schedule a demo
__label__non_math	0.9985	want to learn how to create training videos guerilla style? i ve been asked to lead the chapter meeting for my beloved american society for training and development. join us for this interactive session taken from real-life business experiences on how to use video as a compelling tool for training and telling impactful teaching stories. let s transform this training request into a training video takeaways include sample videos that went from conception to roll out in under days and tips that make training videos go viral. participants will learn: to use stories to create teaching moments to find creative allies within your organization for video collaboration to use a flip camera and simple editing software to complete a video about our presenter: jean is a professional speaker with eleven years of training and coaching experience. she has presented in six countries for up to three hundred people. as a consultant, her latest career adventure is as the training manager at yogaworks where she is the go-to person for video. she regularly writes, casts, location scouts, directs and edits training videos on the jean received her b.a. with cum laude honors at ucla in communications and business administration. she completed the train the trainer course with astd-la and served on the board for two years. as a performing artist, she studied at the renowned neighborhood playhouse school of theater in new york. she has performed in theater, television, voice- over and film. okay gentle blog readers. if you are like me, you have embraced blogging but not tweeting. today i gave a presentation for astd-la where tweeting became an intregral and interesting part. i will share it with you now so that together we can embrace this new tool. colleague and fellow board member, terrence wing, tweeted as a way to take notes. basically, he was sharing his notes with all of his twitter followers. and there were intelligent learning professionals out there who began to comment tweet in real time about the content of my presentation. cristie mullins from evanston, illinois virtually joined us and so did donna bailey from salt lake city. the training began at this morning. what follows is a portion of the tweet transcript. running a tight ship: keeping your traiining friendly and focused facilitweeter: terrence wing and thanks, terrance. you were a terrific facilitweeter a client asked me to deliver a series of seminars from - on monday evenings. i m a morning person so i knew this time frame could pose a challenge. i felt out of sorts and sometimes lost my train of thought. i was finding it hard to maintain momentum. one evening i was feeling hopelessly lethargic. i wasn t inspiring myself much less the group. i felt demoralized on the long drive home that night. was anyone getting anything out of this? the upcoming topic was stress relief. as i reviewed the material i had prepared, i got a happy feeling of anticipation. this was going to be good. and it was the group was interested and i was at my best. i know i made an impact by the depth of the group discussions and the smiles of acknowledgment. one participant emailed me the next day to find out what else i might be teaching. the lesson i learned is that sometimes i must keep plugging away. struggle can turn into ease in time. i also can pay attention to the topics that really light me up. self care and stress relief are important to me and it showed. these are the avenues for me to keep following. what topics really light you up? i just got back from australia this morning. this was my fourth and best business trip down under. below is my group of delegates their word for attendees in brisbane. brisbane is pronounced briz-bin. with each trip i learn a little bit more how australians speak differently than yanks. you ve heard of tossing shrimp on the barby, yes? i realize now that barby is just the beginning. i call the aussie nicknaming of common nouns an adorable-ism. here are some recent discoveries: rockhampton a city rocky here are a few more for you to adorable-ize. let s see how you do: - woolworth s a supermarket chain - magnetic island an island close to the city of townsville i had an attitude about rockhampton. i d been here once before and remembered it as a boring town. on the elevator up to my room, a lady described a show she just saw and loved menopause the musical. that was unexpected. the show was playing this weekend only and was fully booked. another lady who worked at the hotel overheard our discussion. she tracked me down later to say it felt like it was meant to be: some hotel guests had extra tickets. did i want one? well, where was the theater, i asked. it was a block away. this is how i found myself among hundreds of woman on a saturday night. i was sitting in the best seats that i ve ever had for a big show. one of the actresses had such delicious lucille ball physical comic ability that she had the audience screaming with delight. i felt in the middle of a local cultural happening. and now i get to revise my opinion of rockhampton. i was frustrated with myself. for the past few days i ve experienced a series of consequences of my not looking closer at my itinerary before this trip. today is saturday. i planned to see magnetic island in lovely townsville. i double checked when i would be flying out on sunday and realized that i m not flying out on sunday. i m scheduled to leave in an hour. i can be flexible; i pack and am ready to leave. now on the way to the airport, the sheer silliness of my day becomes clear. i m to take two flights traveling most of the day even though a flight to where i am going ought to take an hour. and i m flying from somewhere nice to somewhere more remote with not much to look at or do. a whole day earlier than necessary. and so i was in a funk. first, i made a series of calls to my girlfriends in la. i needed to vent about my quality problems. thanks mandy, laura, tamara and karen i m so lucky i could reach out to each of you next, relying on the kindness of qantas strangers, the helpful check-in ladies strategized for me how to make my day better. i would take a later flight they would waive the fee and take a taxi to the beautiful townsville rock pool. with my bathing suit tucked away in my backpack, i was there in minutes. i swam, swung on a swing set and took advantage of a cable zip pull thing intended for kids, but what the heck. there was a dalmation barking incessantly nearby while i was swimming. he was leashed to a tree and clearly wanted attention or play. i felt bad for him. his master set him free just as i was starting a short run on the beach. i watched him bound with joy in the sand, stretching his legs and using his muscles in pure pleasure. i ran along the shore as he did and his presence encouraged me to go faster and further than i normally would. he easily loped in front of me. at a turning around point, i cheated and got a head start on him while he was sniffing at some rocks. within seconds he passed me and at this point, seemed to adopt me as a friend. we were getting eye contact as we ran along. i would slow down and speed up to see what he would do. eventually a large lady in a red bathing suit caught his attention and he adopted a new friend. it was time for me to wash up and taxi back to the airport in much better spirits. at , my prayers will either be answered or not. this is when i will find out if the assistant assigned to help me with my seminar has experience. i m expecting over seventy people to attend today and guiding a newbie makes double work for me. hello, jean. my name is kate. i ll be assisting you to oh yes indeed, kate was very memorable. six months ago when i was last in perth, she was assigned to me. it was her first day on the job. she was eager to help, did the best she could and here s the memorable part was exquisitely beautiful and inappropriately dressed. this time kate was more experienced at the job. the other two qualities remained the same. kate arrived to work in a little black dress with lots of cleavage, red lipstick and tall high heel boots. her makeup was flawless; i could tell she spent a lot of time to look as she did like she was on her way to a nightclub rather than to register participants for a business seminar. she was careful about her work and took pains to do a great job. we were wrapping up our day. i was reading customer evaluations and one attendee remarked about kate s attire. here was my dilemma: was it my place to make a suggestion. i was her manager, but only for the day. was it worth the awkwardness? then it occurred to me, kate is new to the workplace. could it be that she doesn t know? if that s the case, it would be a gift to her to receive some feedback. i took the risk and spoke to her about it. here is what i learned: first, that kate was years old. second, that she has financial stresses, limited clothing options, and that she chose to wear the classiest clothes that she owned. kate s choices were an attempt to honor the job she was hired to do. the result was not what she intended. i felt protective of her and sad, too. kate s evening plans were to head to a favorite pub for a beer. mine were to read in my hotel room, brood a bit, and blog. groggy from the flight that spanned the globe, i was on line to give my luggage away for yet another journey that would stretch from the east coast all the way to the west. i opened my backpack to get out my passport and heard a clatter. my blue mouth guard container bounced to the floor. i easily retrieved the container, but i couldn t find the mouth guard itself. a mouth guard for the uninitiated is the thing that prevents me from grinding my teeth at night. for our purposes you should know that it s clear, plastic and expensive. imagine a river of grey and white speckled flooring and jean with very tired eyes looking, looking, looking and not finding. what to do? i can t stand there forever. there was a long queue aussie for line of people with their luggage; i enlisted some help with a general announcement. now i didn t feel so alone with my problem. it was helpful to see so many people looking downward with me. still nothing. i had a five hour layover, maybe i would spend it right here on this line. for every hour is about how much this mouth guard costs. i stepped out of line for a different perspective. what are you looking for? said one lady. as i answered i stepped back and felt something under foot. luckily that thing didn t break. gifts get dropped in my lap. my client, skillpath, asked me to give a seminar for the pine mountain lake association in groveland, california near yosemite. i m a city girl with a heart for the mountains, so i was essentially paid to be in paradise. i was put up in a bed and breakfast that s a historical landmark. it s right next to the oldest saloon in california. as i checked in, i saw information about a room that s apparently haunted by a ghost named lyle. i wanted to meet lyle. i didn t feel at all scared about it. i was able to get that room. lyle allegedly turns on and off faucets and the tv. here s one guest s story: lyle s most consistent trick is that he removes ladies cosmetics from his bureau and puts them in places like under a chair. i was encouraged by a local to put all my cosmetics there just to see what would happen. i felt like that would be rude so i abstained from testing out the ghost s ire. the room was a pleasure to be in. i felt and experienced nothing odd except that i didn t sleep well. but i will attribute that to the baby back barbeque ribs i had for dinner. mmm good and totally worth it i d like to offer a new tip for the road warriors among us. when living in a hotel room, it s easy to miss the comforts of home. even something as simple as bathroom air freshener might seem a luxury. a friend from my women s group introduced me to a product that eliminates bathroom odor before it even gets started. it s called just a drop. you drip a drop into the lieu before you have a seat. the result is zero bathroom odor. and it comes in a tiny bottle that fits right into your tsa zip-lock bag. i ordered one for home and one for the road. not that bathroom odor is an issue for me. i m a very dainty person.
__label__non_math	0.9987	thank god i don't have to buy another . that wicket is lame. i must say, i'm not too impressed with series . looks more like a tru set. the ra-is way cool though, and we all knew x-wing luke was coming. i can't believe there are no jabba's palace figures or any leias. they're way backed up on leias. i think the rebel trooper and the death star trooper will be the high ratios and the others will be the lower ones. chase predictions- biggs or wedge, death star commander, maybe, cross my fingers, a grand moth tarkin.
__label__non_math	0.5514	i thought the pitt figure looked great when i saw the initial pictures. if he's a baf then i may have to get the line just to put him together. i did the same thing with the ml sentinel though. i had interest in only the spidey and angel figures but bought the wave to get the sentinel. sold the ml figures and made part of my money back. maybe i'll do the same with this line. as for pitt the comic, i liked it back in the day but have no idea what they've done with the character recently, if anything.
__label__non_math	0.9986	rebel starfighter red five x-wing 156 arrived at my office this afternoon. my hat is off to bryan, amy and the rest of the efx crew. they all did a superb job with this piece. i'm extremely happy with the way it turned out and i'm proud to have it in my collection. i just looked over all the different parts and pieces and this one looks to be perfect. my plaque is straight, no smudges and it even has some of mark's finger prints on it i have to be honest, i just had a look around the room to see if there was any possible way to display it and there's not. i literally don't have anywhere to safely put it. i also don't want to display it without a case anyway, so that's okay. just knowing that i have one will have to be enough for now. for anyone in the port saint lucie, fl area that's interested: i will have this on display at the next swgfa event on may 17th.
__label__non_math	0.9973	chasin-destiny wrote:he should do this ; less money for nasa and related research for rockets of all kinds. the world will survive that... i am sure... of the money they did get in the past would be enough to develop new stuff. less money for the u.s. army and related industries. no new weapon development for millions of money. the world will survive that to. better medical help for people who don't have a job for what ever reason. maybe they are to old ?... an accident ?... sometimes the size of the u.s.a. is working against itself. in texas are different laws as florida or california. shit against ritual slaughter yes, me again . i hope his own religion isn't one of these religions who do that... would be big shit for the states the rest of the world walks behind the u.s.a. like little ducks.......... no animal testing animore computers of today can do that job .000.000 x better than any professor a computer can do it hours a day.... and with the same chance of mistakes or less.... if the info inside the computer is 100 true ?... no errors just ideas from me... susan butcher wrote: i just wish it didn't matter to australia who gets to be president of the usa. unfortunately it does, and we have no say in it. usedtobebabson wrote:obama's heart is in the right place. it will depend on how much big money lobbyist coerce him, or the cia ends his term prematurely. i watched the movie ghengis khan yesterday. one disturbing philosophy at the end. why do you continue war, ghengis? answer, it is only by conquering everyone by war, that we can have peace and people will be free to travel and trade. i think that was injected into the movie by ?. i can't buy that ghengis had those thoughts. i can buy that this philosophy is shared among our politicians. thousand more troop in afgan by obama? it seems a very stupid circle to me and that "the people" will believe anything they say. now we are trying to stop the heroine in afgan users browsing this forum: no registered users and guests
__label__non_math	1.0000	i don't necessarily mean sorry in a "oh, i feel bad she has to go through that"...she brings it up a lot herself. and it seems that lately, it's all she'll talk about in interviews - aside from her artwork, that is. but at the same time, i wonder how much of her really likes having that image of someone who is constantly drunk and being an asshole. i'm sure it's affected a lot of her relationships and how people react to her when they meet her. with you standing here i could tell the world what it means to love to go on from here i can't use words, they don't say enough
__label__non_math	1.0000	the finale of the backstreet concert series tonight will feature the sheets family band, described as a family bluegrass, country and acoustic band with harmony. the sheets family band is a husband-wife-daughter trio, featuring randy sheets playing the banjo, his wife deborah jean playing guitar, and their daughter kelly snider playing fiddle. they have no problem sharing the microphone with each other because they all sing during their concerts. randy and deborah jean have roots from grayson county, va., but these -year music veterans have moved to the bethel community in watauga county. kelly began singing with her mother at age . their friend ned treivette says their voices blend beautifully but it is more than that, they sound like one voice. the sheets family band uses the music of the carter family as a platform, and then they blend their own unique style to make a one of a kind sound. even though they have played at larger venues, like the kennedy center for the performing arts and the coolidge auditorium at the library of congress, they still play at many local scenes. some of their local venues include appalachian state university, appalachian mountain musicfest, the wayne henderson music festival, and several local radio stations and arts councils. both randy and deborah jean teach through the junior appalachian music jam program in downtown boone, passing on their knowledge and passion of mountain music to the next generation. this concert will be held in west jefferson s backstreet park from until p.m. friday evening and is free for all those who wish to attend. bring a chair or blanket and enjoy the outdoor entertainment. in the event of rain, concerts are moved to the ashe arts center.
__label__non_math	0.9965	the forum finder is useful for discovering message boards forums on genforum. it does not search for specific messages. to find a particular forum, enter any of the following search criteria into the text field below the search is not case-sensitive : - to find surname forums, simply enter the surname examples: "smith", "van buren" - to find u.s. state forums, enter the full state name or its postal abbreviation examples: "california", "wi" - to find u.s. state county forums, enter only the county name examples: "alameda", "waukesha" - to find international country forums, enter the full country name examples: "ireland", "new zealand" - to find international country region forums, enter the region or city name examples: "dublin", "yucatan" - to find general topic forums, enter the subject matter examples: "world war i", "adoption"
__label__non_math	0.9997	i love that we got to meet up and do some photos with these guys a few weeks ago it was only the perfect time of year for it no matter what, we always want to feel like we re capturing people as they really are we want the memory when they look back on the photos to be one that is familiar to just how they are every day together, and i always hope that s the case. i feel like this is a little piece of kathryn dean. after hanging out again with you guys, dave and i are ridiculously excited for your next spring wedding, i know it ll be here before we know it toronto, october
__label__non_math	1.0000	'just a call or click away, real estate your way jennifer watson marion ll lyng the right blend of tech-savvy and traditional values, marion ll lyng jennifer lyng watson, a mother-daughter team, believe in real estate your way
__label__non_math	0.9998	i looked at the last post and it's been forever since i've written anything here. i just have not had anything to say i guess. i'm enjoying life outside this box to much to force myself to actually sit in front of it long enough to write a decent post. however today i have been thrown for a loop. the boys are at my mom's and steve is out of town so it's just me all by my little ole self. i can't believe we are almost at the end of june already. this summer break is going to be short this year. really i have not been doing all that much, just spending time with my kids and steve. he had surgery on his zamaroids, so colton can now be in the same room with him and not have to worry about getting them what else? lets see i wrecked his truck the last week of school, didn't really leave a mark on it, but i was turning and a little truck was pulling out behind a big jacked up truck and he didn't get into the lane of traffic he just stayed by the curb and i hit him, because well i didn't see him at all, and he didn't see me either. who the hell drives in the gutter anyway? stupid kid other than that it's all be pretty unexciting around here. the diet is going crappy i've stalled at lbs. i still have about pounds to lose and i don't know if that is ever going to happen
__label__non_math	0.9769	as you guys may be aware, i m a pretty voracious reader and generally share a bunch of news reviews via my social platforms. here s a countdown of the top six most important articles i ve shared in the last day. i curate this top six based on number of retweets, clicks, favorites, and mentions, so you guys are a large part of what ends up listed here . did you know that one in four americans suffer from a diagnosable mental illness? to go along with that, only one-third of those people are treated canopy labs, one of the startups in y-combinator s current class, is aiming to help mid-sized businesses organize their sales leads and focus on high-value customers. anthony ha delivers a techcrunch article outlining canopy s value proposition, and how an actionable and quick solution is better than a custom solution built in-house. a new website called boutine allows women to browse and create new looks by mix-and-matching items. similar to polyvore in many ways, the website aims to be the place where you actually purchase the items you mix. founder pramod dabir, was inspired to try his hand at a fashion startup after years of working in investment banking thanks to a little inspiration from his then fiancee, now wife. yet another fashion-focused startup, but this one looks like it has the business model to stick around if it gains any traction. apple put a -hour ban on users changing their apple id password via phone, after at least one hacker used some phone trickery to get access to users accounts. yesterday, i reported that google is looking to include gmail results inside regular web search queries, and explored what this could mean for the future of search. read the piece to see how to sign up for the private beta. while square started largely at a grassroots level, here s one more indicator that it s heading for the bigtime. beginning this fall, square will be the exclusive debit and credit card transaction partner for starbucks across the u.s. plus, pay with square users will be able to the nearest starbucks by accessing the square directory from their iphone or android phone. this is a huge coup for square in becoming a mainstream transaction handler.
__label__non_math	0.9909	terms and conditions who may enter the "jerusalem " contest? . anyone, artist or otherwise, who registers at our website for using the materials or the "raw material" on our website, each contestant shall receive username and password ; and . submits a video clip depicting the city of jerusalem in 100 years from now i.e., in the year ; and . agreeing to and to be bound by any and all terms of conditions as they may change from time to time of the contest listed herein. . each contestant must ensure and undertake that the submitted video clip does not contain any illegal material including but not limited to defamatory material and or material infringing any individual's basic right to privacy and or material that is offensive in any way to any individual and or the general public or could be interpreted as such and or anything that could offend public sensibility and or anything that could infringe any rights of a third party including intellectual property rights. . the contestant must agree to allow the contest's organizers to make commercial use of and distribute the submitted video clip, and waive any rights he might have for using the submitted video clip non-commercially. . although the contestant is allowed to use the "raw material" video clips, photos etc. he does not have to do so. put differently, one does not have to utilize the "raw material" in any way to take part in the contest. if, however, the contestant chooses to use the "raw material", he shall be granted a one-off license to do so without infringing any intellectual property rights as a result. . the contestant must be the sole owner of all rights connected with creating, producing and or broadcasting the submitted video clip, and he must undertake that no third party has any such rights in respect with the submitted video clip. . from the time a video clip is submitted until the names of the contest's winners are officially made public, the contestant must not transfer the submitted video clip to any third party and or allow him to use it in any way, unless the contestant received a prior consent in writing from the contest's organizers. . the contest's organizers are allowed to disqualify any contestant for not complying with any rules, terms, conditions or requirement set out in this document . the contestant hereby declares that the raw material on the jerusalem website shall be used for the sole purpose of creating the video clip. any claim, including, without limitation, the filing of a suit or other legal action, arising as a result of using such materials for any other purpose, shall be the sole responsibility of the contestant, and the contestant shall indemnify the contest's organisers for any damage incurred by them as a result of such claim. . it is made clear that the contestant is solely responsible to protect its video clip. the contest's organisers shall not be deemed responsible for any claim regarding illegal use and or copying and or any other . the same username and password each contestant will receive for using the "raw material", will also allow him to upload his video clip onto the website. . the submitted video clips must be posted on the contest's website according to the instruction listed there. . the video clip must be submitted in dvd format together with a signed statement of the contestant at the following address: . a submitted video clip must comply with the following requirements: it must be between and 180 seconds long the is no limitation on the video clip's method of production so long as it meets all other criteria and complies with al the terms listed herein it must be in dvd format. . prior to posting the video clip onto the website, the contestant must fill in the following documents: signed statement that could be downloaded from the contest's website. registration form with personal details about the contestant and information about the video clip to be submitted. not providing such information would make one ineligible to take part in the contest. . a committee of judges will choose, at its sole discretion, the best video clips from the video-clips of all the eligible contestants, taking into account professional artistic considerations as well as those that are subjective and immeasurable . selection process: the final selection of contestants shall be made via a prior selection committee and public voting. following the finalization of the contestants' list in accordance with the above, the contest judges shall declare the winner. it is made clear that the contest's organizers reserve the right to determine the final number of contestants selected by both the prior selection committee and public voting. . the judges shall also have regard to the following matters: the urban vision of the city of jerusalem, its unique characteristics, its heritage and future in the context of solving problems in such areas as transport, population density and building upward, conservation vs. innovation, environment protection vs. industrialization. creativity and artistic merits of the suggested urban solutions and the submitted video clip itself as a work of art skill and expertise in making the video clip; usage of innovative media; sound track and other components of the video clip. general impression . the judges' decision shall not be subject to debate or appeal: it shall be final.
__label__non_math	0.9994	the author of one of my most favourite texts of all time passed away. this weekend i will be revisiting esm , seymour glass or teddy in his honour. thursday, wednesday, i can be such a girly girl so naturally that includes being drawn to bows in all shapes and forms. sorry dave this stunning pale pink silk bow with black swarovski crystals by dagworthy is no exception. pale pink and black is one of my favourite colour combos, and you can bet this trio will be making an appearance in my apartment so stunning tuesday, as a decorator i am instinctively drawn more to furnishings, finishes and accessories than any items that require mechanical or structural consideration. i ll happily pick out tiling and stone options, cabinet profiles, hardware, fixtures and a backsplash for a kitchen or bath, but i d still rather do a living room or bedroom any day nevertheless i still took some shots of my favourite finds for you: this vignette in the featured space by ink and mung leung was quite striking. i loved the elegant tufted velvet daybed from roomy interiors klaus by nienkamper s pendants had a twinkling sculptural quality the beautiful hermes-orange studded console from snob is divine clayton budd s interpretation of a tartan in rug form, one of the winners of the weaver s art era contest the creative display of multicoloured shopping carts stocked with eclectic canadian goodies at the drake hotel general pop-up store. the amazing range of colours available from viking that pep up your average appliance the low profile bowls by katherine morley the fabulous black, grey and yellow sample board from threadcount the raw quality of the salvaged wood furniture by north on sixty the orchid photo wall from the art stylists ftl sc studio s interpretation of a garden shed, complete with a fabulous green hide meant to mimic grass croma s tromp d oeil kitchen what did you think? monday, i stumbled across this funky dining room by roberts erickson design and was struck by how inviting the scheme is. it may read overly trendy, but for renters or new owners looking for an instant decorated look, this scheme is easy to achieve. start off by hitting consignment shops, your granny s basement or flea markets for an affordable wooden pedestal table with vintage charm. a diameter of will seat comfortably, so don t go any smaller than that. if you re going to buy new, ballard designs makes a nice wooden version: i m almost certain the chairs used above are the overlapping square dining chairs from west elm, but you can achieve the same eclectic look by choosing another contrasting style of chair to pop against the darker traditional pedestal table. as long as it s a bright solid colour, like the farrah chair below, the same effect will be achieved. you can have a lot of fun with pendants and chandeliers in a dining room. the type of fixture you choose can help set the tone. traditional fixtures with lots of crystal accents create instant glamour while more simple drum pendants read more clean and contemporary. a nice compromise is a brass chandelier with sinuous curves and a touch of glimmer, such as eric cohler s model for visual comfort. the chocolate and white zebra area rug used in the photo above borders on overdone. to achieve the same graphic look in a less expected manner, try a rug with a black and white abstract print. choosing a grouping of framed prints or photographs with vibrant contrasting colours will make your coral paint pop the finishing touch is a pretty white serving bowl to place on the table. a piece with height, such as this pedestal ceramic dish from pottery barn even has a whimsical bird detail thursday, my boss's hubby is sick with the flu, so tonight i am her stand-in date for the ultimate ids opening soiree. i'm excited to scope out all of the fresh new products and exhibits from the international talent that attend every year, but even more so, i cannot wait to see canadian designers, such as arren williams and jason macisaac do their stuff in the featured spaces. this year the theme is ultimate, which means the chosen designers created their spaces around their own personal definition of the ultimate in design. after going through the madness of a featured space myself last year i am so excited to see what they've come up with ps- don't they both look quite dapper in their press shots? wednesday, unless you've been living under a rock, toronto fashionistas know that this year the bay relaunched the room, which once upon a time was considered the spot to shop for couture. newly appointed ceo bonnie brooks chose internationally renowned interior design team yabu pushelberg to helm the project, and this week it was announced that the team received the coveted retail design institute s rdi prestigious store of the year award. the space is totally glamorous yet modern with plenty of mirror, sharp white and gleaming metallic finishes. congrats yp tuesday, over the break, i was lucky enough to get the chance to snap some photos of a project that was recently completed by miami-based designer marcel h. ruiz. the bedroom condo was renovated to accommodate a fun-loving family who use the property to escape cold canadian winters. the elevator opens up into a small foyer with an accent wall painted a deep blue-grey. ceramic flower sculptures are hung on the wall and are reflected back in a beautiful mirrored cabinet by jalan jalan. the foyer opens to a spacious family room bathed in fresh white, and pea green with the slightest touch of sherbet. light warm wood pieces, including the isa chandelier by oly studio and a custom media unit, mix with iron and mirrored accent tables. stunning fabrics by brunschwig and plush soft furnishings from lee upholstery create a welcoming casual vibe that invite you ro sink right in after a long day at the beach. a fabulous feature wall created using painted horizontal stripes in different widths is set off beautifully by a modern white dining table, drum pendant and sea shell prints. the kitchen is fresh and clean with white cabinetry with simple mouldings and a pale blue backpainted glass backsplash. the girls' room has a stunning pale green upholstered headboard with contrast welting of the same blue damask fabric used on the adjacent slipper chair. a subtle tone on tone damask wallpaper is used as a feature wall for the rest of the calming white bedroom. the boy's bedroom has a blue grasscloth feature wall with vertical seahorse prints flanking a seagrass headboard from pottery barn. rich wood furniture from mitchell gold bob william's mao now collection plays off the beautiful bordered white and blue linens and fresh white walls. the shared bathroom features beautiful carrera slab countertops and a mosaic-inlaid floor. the master bedroom is almost complete, but the obvious star is the white canopy bed with elegant pale blue and sand-coloured linens by barbara barry. oversized ceramic lamps are due to arrive any day now the stunning master bath and vanity are luxurious and spa-like with tons of carerra slab, beautiful fixtures and a sea-shell encrusted mirror. monday, there were some serious stunners hitting this year s golden globes red carpet. first prize goes to drew barrymore who donned an ethereal atelier versace creation to accept her award for the fabulous grey gardens. the sea urchin-esque shoulder and simple elegant hair and make up was breathtaking also drop-dead in a stunning nude sparkling versace, was jennifer garner. could she be anymore perfect? anna paquin looked dazzling in a gold sequined stella mccartney that was super glam with a little rock n roll thrown in. cameron diaz was ravishing in red alexander mcqueen prettiest prego award goes to the shiny happy amy adams who wore a lovely peacock carolina herrera there were plenty of violet vamps that made me want to break out a big tub of purple paint and jump right in. left to right: jan krakowski in jay mendel, sandra bullock in bottega veneta, rose byrne in lanvin i have to show some special love for the glee girls who looked beautiful and got to celebrate a win for best comedy to boot lastly, anna kendrick looked like a mini wedding cake in marchesa and i mean that in a good way
__label__math	0.8589	originally posted by warfish our skill is fine. not great. not elite. not top-. but fine. our qb is the in the bottom or in the nfl. if we had even an average qb, our supposedly skillless skill players would be looking vastly better. like many fans, you can deflect the massive failure of sanchez all you wish, but the reality is we can improve either by replacing one person, the qb, or replacing the entire o-line, wr, te and rb spots with hof'ers. which do you think is more reasonable? exactly. you would think every qb worth a damn has elite talent surrounding them at every position, but they don't. a lot of wr make names for themselves based on having a qb that is capable of finding them and getting them the ball. yes hill has dropped a couple of passes and the jets wr are not elite, but they should not have to be elite for sanchez to be average at worst. i don't see anyone complaining that sanchez has not broken any records.
__label__non_math	0.9973	suggested retail price: . your price: . this is a dainty and elegant ring, perfect for everyday wear. the ring features three beautiful round cut gemstones of your choice. the center gemstone is mm s while the two gemstones on its sides are mm s. the stones are all set into a lovely and simple gold band. this ring is also customizable, should you want to choose three different gemstones for it, perhaps to match your favorite outfit, or to represent the birthstones of your loved ones. this ring is also available with matching earrings and a matching pendant, for a set that will become your favorite to wear. this -stone ring features a 4mm round-cut center stone with two 3mm round-cut side stones the total gem weight for the ring is .carats, set in solid 14k gold. you can design your own unique ring by selecting any combination of gemstones. the ring is also available in 14k white gold, and in all the gemstones displayed below.
__label__non_math	0.9645	suggested retail price: . your price: . elegant, simple and classic, this ring is perfect for everyday wear. with a beautiful, curvy setting, an oval shaped gemstone of your choice, and two dazzling diamonds, this is a perfect gift for that special someone. this ring could also be a perfect for yourself if you re looking for something versatile to wear on any occasion. also available are matching earrings and a matching pendant for a truly glamorous look. this ring features a 7x5mm oval-cut center stone, accented by sparkling diamonds. the total gem weight for the ring is carats, set in solid 14k gold. the ring is also available in 14k white gold, and in all the gemstones displayed below.
__label__non_math	0.9998	suggested retail price: ,189. your price: . this majestic ring will instantly grab your lover s attention, with it s large square cut gemstone that protrudes from the band boldly. the six impressive diamonds that surround the center gemstone will say i love you over and over again. along with the matching wedding band, this is a glorious choice for a ring that your loved one will be proud to have forever. this engagement ring features a 5mm square-cut center stone, surrounded by sparkling diamonds. the total gem weight for the ring is .carats, set in solid 14k gold. the ring is also available in 14k white gold, and in all the gemstones displayed below.
__label__non_math	0.9710	hirsch, franz arnold: austrian dramatist and miscellaneous writer; born in horitz, bohemia, ; died in vienna . after leaving the gymnasium arnold studied medicine at the university of vienna . he practised very successfully in vienna as a homeopathist until , when he definitively abandoned medicine for literature. after marrying sophie wehle he traveled several years, and lived by turns in dresden, florence, rome, paris, and london. in he settled in paris. hirsch wrote, often under the pseudonym of "eginhard quelle," numerous papers on political economy and medicine, literary essays, short stories, and novels, mostly in "das familienbuch des oesterreichischen lloyd" in triest, and feuilletons for vienna periodicals. among his plays were: "der familien-diplomat" , comedy in three acts, produced at the hofburgtheater in vienna, the famous comedian beckmann making a great hit in it; "sand in die augen" ; "eine tour aus dem contre-tanz, oder so passt's" ; after the french of fournier and meyer , "zu jung und zu alt" , one-act pieces; "blanca von bourbon," tragedy in five acts, produced at the dresden theater royal in this play won for its author from the grand duke of weimar, before whom he read it, the scholar's gold medal ; "die fremde," "dora," "freund fritz," "postscriptum," etc., adapted from the french. hirsch translated into german napoleon iii.'s "id es napol oniennes." - neue freie presse, , p. ; - bettelheim, biograph. jahrbuch, , pp. 341-342.
__label__non_math	0.9995	the young leaders by david margolis meanwhile, israel no longer needs the money of american jews, and american jewry is noticing its own needs, especially addressing the ignorance and apathy of its native constituency. so priorities are shifting. that the federation, despite all this, cares enough to mount projects in israel and to maintain an israel liaison office, directed by the indefatigable marty karp -- well, it makes a person happy. and, now, here come los angeles' young leaders -- aged to , the next generation of jewish federation movers and shakers, currently still in training. as part of the "twinning" of tel aviv with the los angeles jewish community, of them came to israel to see what has already been accomplished by the partnership, to meet their counterparts in tel aviv, and to think up new joint projects. these young leaders too know all the bad news back home -- the great sea of the intermarried; their uneducated children, high and dry out there in america; the great masses of the unreachable unaffiliated; and a dwindling of any sense of connection to israel or to other jews. even anti-semitism is way down, as if the rats are abandoning the sinking ship. certainly these are profound issues for their generation to face, but, as one of them asked rhetorically, "how can anyone be a jewish leader without a connection to israel?" nonetheless, they came with a lot of inaccurate preconceptions -- that, for example, your typical yossi on the street, since he speaks hebrew, knows all about judaism. in fact, a surprising number of yossies don't know nuthin', just like in america. then there's the surprise that the denominational labels and divisions that are the fabric of american jewish life mean little in a country that knows only "religious" and "secular." more confusing still, many "secular" israeli jews turn out to be quite religious by american standards. for this generation of american jews, judaism has become, as one of the young leaders put it, "fully optional." these people have chosen yes, and many of them have set themselves the project, not just of learning about the jewish community they hope to lead but of investigating jewish spirituality and judaism's classical texts, drawn to texts and observance because that is judaism's irreducible core. what one of the group called "mere ethnicity" will not long sustain judaism in america; in the end, only religion will. that much has become clear. so what do the young leaders want? one stated ambition is to "change the corporate culture" of the federation. another is to get "our generation's agenda" recognized. they were light on specifics, though -- none could name a "cultural" change more far-reaching than not scheduling meetings during workday hours or an agenda item more revolutionary than outreach to the unaffiliated, which the federation has been trying to do for years, with limited success. but their tone and style is new, and so is their focus. maybe it takes fully acculturated american jews, born in the second half of the century, to draw in others like themselves. "we're role models," said one woman, pointing out that dor shalom, the israeli "peace group" founded after the rabin assassination whose young leaders our young leaders met with , has been successful in involving apathetic israeli twentysomethings in a social movement. but it's not really so surprising. there's an old story about a student who asked his rabbi what a person could learn from a modern invention such as the locomotive. the locomotive, his teacher replied, shows us that one hot one can pull along a hundred cold ones. i hope these young los angeles leaders can do the same. it seemed to me they were definitely going to try. david margolis writes from israel.
__label__non_math	0.9514	last week s storm in israel was a record-breaker on many ccounts. many areas in the country received between -inches of rain, which occurs on average every -years. rainfalls in the north have accumulated to - of the total annual average, and an astonishing 180- of the average rainfall for this time of the year. in central israel, the rains have reached - of the yearly average and 150- of the average for this time of year. even in the negev desert, where up until recently the rainfall has been bellow average, the rains have reached of the average for this period. a continuous rainfall period of -days is not common in the negev, and over the last years has been recorded only four other times, in , , , and . the water level of lake kinneret continues to rise as a result of heavy precipitation the kinneret is israel s main source of water . the level rose by inches in the past week, one of the sharpest recorded rises in such a short period of time. the kinneret s current level has already surpassed the highest level recorded last winter. the kinneret has risen a total of inches since the beginning of the season, and is expected to rise at a rate of inch per day until the end of the season. snow has accumulated throughout the galilee and the golan in the north, and in jerusalem and its environs, and even in the northern negev, during the second half of last week. such a heavy snow fall occurs every few years, with the last big storm recorded in . other recent major storms have occurred in , and . on wednesday, jan. , some ,000 homes lost electricity, due to wreckage caused by extremely strong wind gusts blowing at miles per hour in some places. in jerusalem, the winds reached miles per hour. the last record for jerusalem stood at miles per hour, in the year . many homes in central israel were flooded as a result of torrential rains. the union of local authorities in israel has estimated that the damage caused to the infrastructure by the storm stands at billion nis, or ,216,100, half of which was lost due to the absence of workers who were unable to get to work because of flooded roads.
__label__non_math	0.9996	update : please write to the president of the state of israel, shimon peres, to say that you support professor ada aharoni's idea of a day to remember the uprooting of the jewish communities of the arab world. email firstname.lastname "the moment has arrived for us to mark the destruction of the jewish communities in arab countries with a special memorial day," says professor ada aharoni. dr aharoni told yediot haifa in an interview published on december that she had 'no doubt' such a day would advance the peace process. egyptian-born dr aharoni said: "i have no doubt if the facts were made clear it can progress the peace process. nowadays the palestinians are getting more difficult about their 'right of return': i have no doubt that if they knew there were more jewish refugees, who had to leave their homes in the dead of night leaving all their property behind, it would be easier for them to understand that they will not be permitted to 'return'. "we jews attach great significance to remembering the exodus from egypt and ancient jewish history. we should also remember the second exodus in modern times ." dr aharoni has written to both the president of the state of israel, shimon peres, and the prime minister, bibi netanyahu, suggesting that israel should declare such a memorial day. please sign petition aharoni seeks approval for 'jewish nakba' day
__label__non_math	0.9998	how local jewish organizations help interfaith teens connect to their judaism. emily schnell has been active in temple oheb shalom s youth group since 9th grade. this year, the dulaney high school junior is taking on leadership roles in the group, part of the reform movement s nfty north american federation of temple youth . she is events programmer and communications vice president. i joined for the social aspect, says emily, , a tall, lanky girl with long, shiny hair whose family moved from buffalo, n.y., to baltimore when she was . but there is a religious element, too. on the high holidays, the youth group runs the friday evening service before the day of rosh hashanah. emily, the daughter of shelle and peter schnell, is being raised jewish. her mother is jewish and her father is not. emily attended oheb s religious school, became a bat mitzvah there and now helps the children and teachers in the sunday school. with an intermarriage rate hovering at percent nationally, people who work in jewish youth groups say it is not unusual to encounter children of interfaith families. i like that it s a way to get involved in temple, emily says of the youth group. i ve become friends with people i wouldn t have known before. i also like that you get to know the rabbis and other leaders. in interviews with leaders of several local high school youth groups, a common theme emerged. regardless of what denomination they represent, they say that they do not make a distinction among the interfaith students who attend their meetings and come to their events. however, there may be subtle differences in their approach. bonnie pollak is regional director of ncsy national council of synagogue youth , an orthodox youth group for the affiliated and non-affiliated via programs in public and private schools. she estimates ncsy reaches over ,000 middle and high school students in maryland, virginia and eastern pennsylvania. we don t specifically program to reach out to children of intermarriage, but when they attend an event , they are not treated any differently, says pollak, who may not even know a child s specific background. besides its school-based jewish student unions, ncsy offers weekend shabbatons. children who are not halachically jewish may be dissuaded from attending the latter. says pollak, we re highly subsidized and it s all about shabbat. for other programs like weekly dinner and informal classes, there s no difference. a lot of the interfaith we deal with, the ones who come to our longer programs, are being raised in a jewish tradition. many of them consider themselves jewish, adds pollak, although by halachic standards they might not be. ariela lerman is coordinator of beth el congregation s youth activities, part of usy united synagogue youth . ms. lerman, who comes from an interfaith background herself, says the conservative shul s religious school asks about children s backgrounds, but the youth group does not. from the religious school questionnaire, she is aware that a number of youth group members come from interfaith backgrounds. but they are all beth el members so we assume it s fine, says lerman. sheri knauth, youth director of the conservative beth israel congregation s usy group, says that the question of choice is in the forefront of every interfaith family, and teens have more options than ever before. so if they choose to come to the beth israel youth group which, by the way, does not require family membership in the congregation knauth couldn t be more pleased. usy s policy is to create an environment that is safe and happy, she says. we do not ask, what s your jewish persuasion? knauth finds that students often join beth israel s youth group for the social aspect. once they get involved, though, the religious element becomes more important. they buy into the excitement of a shabbaton, where you arrive on a friday and leave on a sunday, she says. it s interesting to see their progression. the baltimore council bbyo, which operates out of the jcc, holds events at local venues like malls and ice rinks for children in 9th through 12th grade. according to director dori zvili, at least one parent has to be jewish. the presumption is, if kids are coming to a jewish event, they meet that criterion. as for nfty, rabbi steven fink, of temple oheb shalom, believes that kids join for both social and religious reasons. based on the demographics in oheb s religious school, he knows that a good number come from interfaith families. he has even had situations where high school students whose parents are not members of oheb, or of any congregation for that matter, want to join oheb s youth group. the rabbi doesn t mind. we have a large, active nfty group, he says. they can have fun and, at the same time, they can find personal meaning. paul golin echoes rabbi fink. golin is associate executive director of the jewish outreach institute, which does consulting and professional training for jewish organizations hillel and bbyo among them that work with this population. golin says the social aspect is the first draw for interfaith and jewish for that matter kids. they have a group of friends who influence their activities, he says. if their friends join a jewish youth group, so will they. but as they become more involved, the religious identity part becomes increasingly important, although it may not be apparent for a few years. the jewish outreach institute has done studies of young adult children of inter-marriage, people in their 20s. the determining factor among those who identified as jewish was their involvement in a jewish activity, like a jewish youth group, says golin.
__label__non_math	0.9996	the first liberation day in the dp camps livik's opinion was clear: there was no reason to celebrate or to put on a festive face, since "joy has been silenced in the jewish heart, our words are still full of sorrow"... shmuel grinberg, in contrast, agreed that she'arit hapleta would soon be marking liberation day... but warned against losing the historical perspective of what was happening. even though anti-semitism had not disappeared and jewish suffering had not ended, "we neither have nor want to weaken the great historic truth, the great struggle against the monster of human oppression, for our spiritual and moral liberation". leo schwarz, who took part in the meeting, explained: "one of the main questions was, should the liberation be commemorated today as a day of mourning or a day of thanksgiving. there was little disagreement about the memory of the murdered martyrs... concerning celebrations of liberation day there were differences among groups within she'arit hapleta, but the victors were those whose psychology had already been influenced by the positive dialectic of the future. most members of the central committee supported the declaration of "a memorial day combined with the liberation, which must express our grief and bitterness over the great tragedy of european jewry, and simultaneously be a day of thanksgiving, which will be celebrated as a national symbol and will emphasize that the jewish people still lives". it was decided to observe the 14th of adar as liberation day 15th may in , as a memorial and victory day. from: mankovitz, ze'ev, ideology and politics among she'arit hapleta in the american zone of occupation in germany , ph.d. thesis, hebrew university of jerusalem, , pp. 279-280 hebrew .
__label__non_math	0.9963	deputies of the jewish people deputies of the jewish people, representatives of jewish communities in russia to the government during the reign of alexander i . after parts of poland-lithuania had been annexed by russia, the large communities sent shtadlanim to the court at st. petersburg to represent them and defend their rights. most of the shtadlanim were merchants or contractors who visited the city on business. when a committee was set up to frame a "jewish constitution" in it was joined by several government-appointed jewish advisers n.n. notkin, a. peretz, and j.l. nevakhovich . the government also requested some important communities to send representatives to the committee. together they tried to influence the committee in favor of jewish rights. in the government appointed a "jewish committee" to implement the inimical "jewish constitution" of and proposed that the communities elect deputies to represent the jews before the provincial governors. the memoranda of these deputies were referred to the "jewish committee" in st. petersburg and were influential in obtaining a temporary halt to the expulsion of jews from the villages. it was also proposed to abolish the prohibition on the lease and sale of alcohol by jews. during the invasion by napoleon two "deputies of the jewish people," zundel sonnenberg and eliezer dillon, accompanied alexander's military headquarters in , and acted as liaison between the czar and the large jewish population in the combat area. they regularly presented memoranda and petitions concerning jewish affairs to the court and transmitted its instructions to the jewish communities. after the war an attempt was made to convert the committee of deputies into a permanent institution. the jewish communities were requested to send representatives to st. petersburg to maintain permanent contact with the ministries of religious affairs and popular education. on , electors from the districts gubernia of the pale of settlement convened and elected three deputies, zundel sonnenberg, beinush lapkovski, and michael eisenstadt, and three deputy representatives. in order to raise funds to cover their expenses, which probably also included furnishing bribes, the assembly resolved that every jew was to donate the silver headpiece of his prayer shawl. the change in alexander's policy toward the jews at the end of his reign reduced the importance and status of the deputies. sonnenberg was dismissed because of "impudence toward the authorities." in the jewish deputation was officially suspended "until the need arises for a new deputation," and the institution was thereby abolished and not renewed. however, the government continued to make use of jewish representatives. in consultative committees, chosen from among "enlightened" jews, were created and attached to governors in kiev and five other towns. in the function of "learned jew" uchoni yevrei was created, meaning an expertand consultant in jewish religious affairs attached to the district governers and responsible for education and interior affairs. j.i. hessen gessen , yevrei v rossii , 421 ; idem, in: yevreyskaya starina, , , 196 206; s. pen, in: voskhod, nos. . yehuda slutsky shmuel spector 2nd ed.
__label__non_math	0.9730	judaic treasures of the jerusalem was and remains the holiest of cities in the holy land, but jews also gave a measure of holiness to three other cities there: hebron, safed, and tiberias. the holiness of jerusalem arises in part from what remains there, but more from what took place there. so it is with its sister cities. hebron is where the patriarchs and matriarchs lived and are buried, and it was the first capital of king david. tiberias, on the shore of the sea of galilee, was chosen by the patriarch of the jews in the second century as his seat. the palestinian talmud was largely composed in its great rabbinical academy. in the environs of safed, high in the galilean hills, are the graves of the leading rabbis of late antiquity. its stature as a holy city was enhanced in the sixteenth century, when it was the greatest center of jewish mysticism and seat of jewish legal scholarship. to gain entree into the company of the three more ancient holy cities, it called itself beth-el, suggesting identity with the biblical site which jacob called "the gate of heaven." a striking pastel-colored manuscript "holy site map" links these four holy cities together. drawn and painted in palestine in the second half of the nineteenth century, it depicts those venues which indicate their holiness. there is a suggestion of their geographic positioning, but the "map" is far more a statement of the place these cities hold in jewish veneration, than of the geographical site they occupy. to pious jewish families, such wall plaques were more meaningful depictions of the holy land than the most aesthetically beautiful and topographically exact representations. a small illustrated guide book to the burial places of biblical figures and saintly rabbis in the holy land, zikaron birushalayim, appeared in constantinople in . it tells the pious pilgrim where graves may be found and what prayers are to be said. prefaced by a panegyric to the land, it cites a midrashic statement that, in time to come, when jerusalem shall be rebuilt, three walls-one of silver, one of gold, and the innermost of multicolored precious stones-will encompass the dazzling city. in hebron the pilgrim is not only directed to the holy grave sites, but also regaled with wondrous tales. one tells of a sexton of the community sent down to search for a ring which had fallen to the depths of the patriarchs' burial cave, finding at the floor of the cave three ancient men seated on chairs, engaged in study. he greets them; they return his greetings, give him the ring, and instruct him not to disclose what he had learned. when he ascended and was asked what he had seen, he replied: "three elders sitting on chairs. as for the rest, i am not permitted to tell." for actual pilgrims, the little volume provided factual information. for pilgrims in their own imagination, it offered edification through tales and quaint illustrations. the last page has a woodcut of jericho, a seven-walled city, below which a man surrounded by a multitude is sounding a shofar. the most striking woodcut is of an imposing building, representing the temple in jerusalem. in the concentric circles of holiness cited in the tanhuma, jerusalem is at the center of the holy land; the temple at the center of jerusalem; and the holy of holies at the center of the holy temple. the temple is prominently featured in illustrated books about the holy land. in a pisgah-sight of palestine, three chapters describe and three engravings portray the temple. early hebrew books are quite poor in illustrations, because relatively few deal with subjects that demand visual presentation. among these are books dealing with laws concerning the temple, and since its architecture and vessels are pertinent to the laws, they invite illustration. a case in point is sefer hanukat ha-bayit by moses hefez gentili , published in venice in . a treatise on the building of the second temple, it abounds in engraved architectural illustrations, including a menorah, the seven-branched candlestick; most notable is a large pull-out map of the temple, identifying fifty-eight components of the temple's structure. the engravings were added after the printing, as was the map, and a copy containing both is rare. moses gentili, born in trieste, lived in venice where he taught talmud and midrash, and perhaps philosophy and science as well. his best-known work, melekhet mahashevet, venice, , a commentary on the pentateuch, contains a picture of the author, a clean-shaven, ministerial-looking gentleman. there are many published descriptions and illustrations of the temple's appearance in many languages. some are based on careful study of the available sources, others are creations of the imagination, generally inspired by the grandest building the artist knew. a plan of the temple to be is found at the end of the grodno edition of zurat beit ha-mikdash the form of the holy temple by yom tov lipmann heller , one of the major figures in jewish scholarship in the first half of the seventeenth century. the book is one of heller's earliest works and is a projection of the plan of the temple as envisaged in the prophecy of ezekiel. we have thus traversed the holy land and glimpsed its holy places, past, present, and future.
__label__non_math	0.9997	jewish world review adar ii, the emperor's new robes on the bright side, after two weeks of tv coverage of the terri schiavo case, i think we have almost all liberals in america on record saying we can pull the plug on them. of course, if my only means of entertainment were air america radio, barbra streisand albums and reruns of "the west wing," i too would be asking: "what kind of quality of life is this?" there are a few glaring exceptions. on the anti-killing side, to one extent or another, are: former clinton lawyer lanny davis, former gore lawyer david boies, former o.j. lawyer alan dershowitz, democratic sen. joe lieberman, mcgovern and carter strategist pat caddell, liberal blogger mickey kaus, green party presidential candidate ralph nader and rainbow coalition leader jesse jackson, as well as several of my friends who are pro-abortion and pro-gay marriage but not pro-adulterous husbands who, after taking up with another woman, suddenly recall their wives' clearly stated wish to die. opinions about the schiavo case seem to break down less on morals than on basic knowledge of the facts of the case. there are a lot of telling facts, but two big ones are: on the basis of these facts, pinellas county judge george greer found that it was terri's wish to be starved to death. she requires no life support; all she needs is food and water. if being a on a liquid diet, and b unresponsive to one's estranged husband are now considered grounds for a woman's execution, wait until this news hits beverly hills despite the media's idiotic claims that scores of courts have made painstaking findings of fact over years that terri is in a permanent vegetative state and would have wanted to die, only one judge made such a finding. other courts have not made any factual findings whatsoever. they simply refused to overturn greer's findings of fact as an abuse of discretion. greer made his finding based on the testimony of terri's husband that terri said she wouldn't want to live like this a rather important fact the husband only remembered many years after terri was first injured, but one year after he won a million-dollar malpractice award and began living with another woman. maybe when terri said, "i wouldn't want to live like that" she was referring to being married to michael schiavo. supporting the idea that positions on the schiavo case are correlated with iq, on the pro-killing side is rep. chris shays, r-conn., who denounced the legislation granting federal courts jurisdiction over terri's case, saying the republican party "has become a party of theocracy." yes, you remembered correctly: the house passed the bill overwhelmingly in a 203-vote, and the senate passed it in a voice vote also with overwhelming support. surely, if anyone would defend the practice of being on a liquid diet, you'd think ted kennedy would. also on the pro-killing side are conservatives still pissed off about the civil rights act of who are desperately hoping to be elected "most consistent constitutionalist" by their local federalist society chapters. you can't grow peanuts on your own land or install a toilet capable of disposing two tissues in one flush because of federal government intervention. but congress demands a review of the process that goes into a governmental determination to kill an innocent american woman and that goes too far it's not a radical extension of current constitutional doctrines even the legitimate ones but people even stupider than lawyers have picked up on the vague rumblings from "most consistent constitutionalist" aspirants and begun to claim that congress' action is an affront to "limited government." of course, the most limited of all possible governments is a king. we don't have that sort of "limited government." what we have is divided government: three branches of government at the federal level and states with their own versions of checks and balances. or at least that was the government designed for us by men smarter than we are. we haven't had that sort of government for decades. alexander hamilton's famous last words in "the federalist" described the judiciary as the "least dangerous branch," because it had neither force nor will. now the judiciary is the most dangerous branch. it doesn't need force because it has smoke and mirrors and a lot of people defending the moronic scribblings of any judge as the perfect efflorescence of "the rule of law." this week, an indisputably innocent woman will be killed by the government for one reason: judge greer of pinellas county, fla., ordered it. polls claim that a majority of americans objected to action by the u.s. congress in the schiavo case as "government intrusion" into a "private family matter" as if judge greer is not also the government. so twisted is our view of the judiciary that a judicial decree is treated like a naturally occurring phenomenon, like a rainbow or an act of god. our infallible, divine ruler is a county judge in florida named george greer, who has more authority in america than the u.s. congress, the president and the governor. no wonder the southern baptist church threw greer out: only one god per church it's a good system if you like monarchy and legally sanctioned murder. but spare me the paeans to "strict constructionism" and "limited government." every weekday jewishworldreview.com publishes what many in washington and in the media consider "must reading." sign up for the daily jwr update. it's free. just click here. jwr contributor ann coulter is the author of, most recently, "how to talk to a liberal if you must : the world according to ann coulter". sales help fund jwr.
__label__non_math	0.9408	jewish world review menachem-av, these even polls suggested that the republicans could hope for a far better than average showing in an off-year election in which their party held the presidency. odds seemed to favor the republicans holding the house, though democrats need to win a net of only six seats to take control actually seven, since texas democrat ralph hall has said he would vote to organize with the republicans if his vote made the difference . with strong challenges of democratic incumbents in south dakota, minnesota, iowa, and missouri, republicans seemed to have about an even chance of winning a net of one seat in the senate, which would give them majority status. now many democrats hope-and some republicans fear-that the sagging stock market and business scandals are changing the political alignment in the democrats' favor. evidence for that proposition is as yet scanty. there is the july -zogby poll, which shows george w. bush's job approval rating at percent-still way above percent but the lowest in a national public poll since the september attacks. an ipsos-reid july poll distributed by the cook political report shows the bush job rating down points to percent, with only percent thinking the nation is going in the right direction-down from percent a month earlier. a pew poll notes that there has been in recent years a much closer correlation between consumer confidence and the performance of the stock market. this makes a certain amount of sense, since the percentage of voters who own stock zoomed upward in the 1990s; zogby says two thirds of his respondents own stock. some evidence in these polls cuts the other way. zogby shows the two parties still split on the generic vote question to percent-and republicans have run well ahead of the generic vote in every election since . ipsos-reid, which had shown republicans ahead of democrats since april, in july showed democrats ahead by to percent-an insignificant lead but a significant change from earlier polls. in several polls, voters tend to believe that the economy will be doing better next year than this year-a sign of optimism at odd with the recent trends in the stock market. republican pollster bill mcinturff argues that opinion whether the nation is going in the right direction or is pretty seriously off on the wrong track-a question pollsters have used since the 1970s to gauge attitudes toward the general direction of the nation-runs about percent lower than the president's job rating and that the right direction number tends to decline as consumer confidence does. he notes that the latest university of michigan number on consumer confidence fell to ., well under the 100 level that indicates a good degree of confidence. on various national polls, the right direction number has hovered at or fallen just below percent-numbers suggesting that bush's percent job ratings may be due to fall-as that number did in zogby's poll. undergirding all this analysis is the idea, which i have championed for some years, that the important economic issue for most voters today is not income but wealth. voters who experienced the great depression were exquisitely aware of how one year's drop in economic growth and income could lead to personal disaster, and responded sharply to each recession. today's voters, insulated against one-year drops by a buoyant job market, personal savings, and credit cards and by equity in housing and personal investments, can weather a one-year storm and, having no memory of the great depression, are not particularly worried that a downturn may be protracted. they are more concerned about their progress, or lack of it, in their lifelong project of accumulating wealth. for most voters do, by their 50s, accumulate a significant amount-in the hundreds of thousands of dollars-of wealth, mostly in the form of their houses and equity directly or indirectly through mutual funds in the stock market. the sharp rise in personal wealth in the second half of the 1990s helps to explain the pro-incumbent proclivities of voters in the , , and elections. now the drop in the stock market has dissipated some of this increase in wealth. democrats hope, and republicans fear, that this may turn some significant percentage of voters against the president's party-and given the closeness of party competition, even a small percentage can turn out to be significant. those who think this is happening, or is about to happen, can cite the zogby, ipsos-reid, and pew polls in support of that proposition. are they right? possibly, but it is too soon to say. we will have plenty of other polls coming in, pretty soon nationally and dribbling in over the next several weeks in state and congressional races, which will help us understand whether there is such a trend. in the meantime, there are some reasons to think that democrats' hopes and republicans' fears may be overstated. first, no one knows if the stock market will continue to fall. it could conceivably zoom upward. moreover, no one is sure whether voters measure their progress on the stock market by comparing today's values with market peaks. after all, most voters didn't buy at the peak. all of today's stock indexes are ahead of where they were five years ago. second, stocks are not the only component of personal wealth for the ordinary voters. the other major component, housing values, have been holding up very well. indeed, in many markets across the nation they have been zooming upward. this suggests that some voters have been converting stock wealth to housing wealth. they have little reason to be dissatisfied. plunging housing values were behind the collapse of george h. w. bush's poll ratings in ; his biggest percentage losses between the and elections came in new hampshire and southern california, which also showed some of the nation's greatest drops in housing prices. third, the misdeeds of executives are surely not as chargeable to bush and republicans as some democrats would like. voters may come to see that the executive misdeeds that have hit the headlines mostly occurred when bill clinton was president. bush and the republicans in their recent actions can argue that they acted to clean things up. finally, there are other issues. issues of national security and the war on terrorism tend to favor republicans. education is roughly a draw and social security favors democrats by far less than the historic norm. bush has attempted to bolster his party's standing in the steel belt and the farm belt where several of the most seriously contested senate races are by backing steel tariffs and the farm bill; those actions, widely criticized by free-market conservatives, may pay off politically. liberals have started exulting that the recent headlines will change basic public attitudes that have been skeptical of government remedies and more favorable to letting markets work for the past years. but history shows that such underlying attitudes change only after a sustained period of time-usually several years. the depression of the 1930s, the stagflation of the 1970s-these were not momentary events or a few weeks of headlines; they were a series of many events and trends, sustained over a long period of time. we have not seen anything like enjoy this writer's work? why not sign-up for the daily jwr update. it's free. just click here.
__label__non_math	1.0000	click on any of the categories below to learn more about pittsburgh's rich and diverse jewish community. if you are interested in adding your organization to the pittsburgh jewish community resource directory, please click here. please click here if you would like a printable version of the community directory. browse by state province: the pittsburgh jewish newspaper project provides a resource for community members and others wishing to research the history of our jewish community or to delve into details of an individual s or family s involvement in the community. by entering a key word or name, one can access any pertinent files, from advertisements, to social announcements, to community news and beyond. to access the project go to
__label__non_math	0.9934	washington bracing for the possibility of steep congressionally mandated budget cuts, senior military officials have issued directives for fiscal retrenchment that include a percent cut for army base operations this year, personnel reductions and a halt to unnecessary fighter jet swoops during special events. the military is ordering these trims reluctantly as the pentagon prepares for a billion shortfall that it says it will face this fiscal year if congress and the white house do not reach a deal by march to avoid across-the-board cuts under the scenario known as sequestration. as the deadline approaches, pentagon officials have lashed out at congress in unusually stern terms. the readiness of our armed forces is at a tipping point, gen. martin dempsey wrote to sen. carl levin, d-mich., the chairman of the senate armed services committee, in a jan. letter also signed by the chiefs of the army, navy, air force and marine corps. budget conditions unfolding right now are causing this readiness crisis. dempsey, the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, wrote that we are on the brink of creating a hollow force, because under the current budget conditions and legislation, the pentagon could be ordered to keep a number of troops it cant sustain. troops on the front lines will receive the support they need, the letter said, but the rest of the force will be compromised. the army, navy and air force have issued written guidance to commanders in recent days outlining cost-cutting measures. the armys, dated jan. , is the most detailed and provides the clearest look yet into the preparations. the fiscal situation and outlook are serious, army chief of staff ray odierno and secretary of the army john mchugh wrote in a memo issued to all army commands. our funding is in doubt as we support forward-deployed troops, those training to deploy and wounded warriors. the memo instructs commanders to avoid cutting programs supporting wounded troops and those training for deployment. it mandates a department-wide hiring freeze and asks commanders to terminate temporary employees consistent with mission requirements. overall, the memo says the army will seek to slash its base operations budget by percent from fiscal year by cutting back on recreational programs and utilities. the army projects that could save billion in projected cuts is roughly percent of the departments non-war-fighting budget for .
__label__non_math	0.9997	south bend - notre dame had little trouble in dropping ipfw -at the purcell pavilion on monday. it was the eighth straight win for the 22nd-ranked irish - , while ipfw - has lost its last three games. trailing -after mario hines' basket underneath, ipfw went on an -for-shooting slump from which the mastodons never recovered. as ipfw was missed in a row, notre dame outscored the mastodons -for a -lead, then cruised into halftime with a -bulge - the same -point lead at the end of the night. pat connaughton led notre dame with points. jack cooley added points. luis jacobo and joe edwards each scored points for the mastodons.view comments
__label__non_math	0.8679	posted by dr. buck on in testimonials how to get a discount off of your bill in exchange for a simple testimonial about dr. parker. dr. buck parker, m.d. 555 e. broadway, suite 212 jackson, wy. designed by dr. parker designs
__label__non_math	0.9857	please sign in to comment. don't have a profile? join now thanks, magooney, and good for you for sticking with it--your time is great that was positively crazy thanks i deserve a party, and a parade in my honor lol. great puzzle...more please i finally finished it....hours and minutes. i win the prize for slowest ever....but i conquered this thing sorry about that, gail ah, this one done me in i'm so glad you had fun with it--thanks, bloopyblu423 very fun, thanks so much thank you, glow--i'm so glad that you enjoy these challenges, and my puzzles hi pd, this puzzle was a real challange for me , but of course i like the challenge. i loved all the colors too. you really come up with some awesome puzzlles. thanks again pd. ah, thank you both for your encouragement kathy, even if you're not full time, you will still be one of the musketeers. musketeer-k here lol. tugman quit one of his own puzzles the other day. he said he just wasn't enjoying it. when the new jigidi came on line, i pushed him to create a supersized monster. then i kind of encouraged him to make it a weekly event. yeah, yeah, yeah. what was i thinking? i enjoy the challenge, but there are times when i just can't get into a puzzle. if i'm not enjoying it, i'm not going to sit and work the puzzle just to say i worked it. besides we all know that you, me and kathy are like the three musketeers. if there's a monster and you see one of us, you will probably see all three of us. : thanks, aishahm this puzzle was well worth the wait. thank you so much, pat. i hope i can stay on the board for at least a little while.i have to agree with you about these monsters. i'm just over a quarter of the way through the candy monster and i'm two hours in. i only work on it about -minutes a day. i like the challenge but there are so many other puzzles i want to work on too. -hours on one puzzle is okay if you are having fun, but pointless if you are no longer enjoying yourself. so i wouldn't say you are a quitter, you are just doing what you enjoy, which is the whole point. i pretty much gave up on the candy monster, and on tugman's as well. i always hate stopping when i've invested so many hours in a puzzle, but when i can only place a single piece every fifteen minutes or so, i am no longer enjoying it, and i'll only be finishing it to prove something--whether to myself, or everyone else, i don't know. but i'd rather prove that i have the will power to say: "enough already", when i'm no longer having fun, since enjoyment is what it's all about. i may go back to them another time, because sometimes a break does help, but for now i'll just have to admit that i'm a quitter...besides, i've found a few new monsters i want to try, so why not spend my time with those, instead? i'll never have enough time to do all the puzzles i want to, so i think i'll do the ones that give me pleasure that's what happens when i haven't had my morning dose of caffeine. lol i wondered a little about your comment--i thought you sounded a little disappointed pat. i am so happy to see this one. i should have paid more attention this morning, i thought the link was to this one. imagine my surprise to only find pieces. lol.
__label__non_math	0.7160	please sign in to comment. don't have a profile? join now some people just are very, very insistent.... lol now this one no one should mistake for a mail slot--a squished lemon maybe but not a mail slot thanks so much, mimi thanks pat, love this one. i hope you get that straightened out, katie--and i hope no one is taking your mail. as for you, lela, i have the feeling that your mistaking every last thing with a slot in it for a mail box is the cause of your difficulties...just sayin'....... thanks, mandy--that club had one of the largest memberships, i think this is fun, thanks pat... i'm in the wish i was thinner club too ; i don't have missing mail problems thankfully : i have found that my mail frequently goes missing round here........ what a pain pat when i first got my medicare card and the aarp supplemental card which uses the info from the social security system as well in , they came under my maiden name, which i hadn't used since the day i got married years before that hi pat, i could use some magic potion too i wish i had a magic potion that would work on me, too yes and i am close behind at . you can't fool me, pat.....that is a beautiful reptilian eyeball staring at us. i had to solve this as quickly as possible as a result i've posted the mail for today here.........i can't imagine anything else this would be used for i don't really want to be skinny but a little less round, pat, would be nice. how soon can you manage it? what about our friend who thinks every slit is a mail slot? do you think this one is safe? thanks, pat. another fun puzzle. join the club, edie. lolfun puzzle, pat, thanks. :- could you do something like that on me. i want to be thinner too. enjoyed the puzzle, thanks pat.
__label__non_math	0.9997	news of the week barrie spring studio tour april 27th 28th come on down to jill price studios this weekend to check out works i have created over the last year, as well as find some neat works from my artistic past in tje awesome sales bins created just for this weekend. you will also be able to see the upcycled creations of lisa brunetta. from popcan earrings to oil paintings of beach scenes, you may not need to head anywhere else. hit us first, if you still need to pick up a brochure. upcoming workshops jill price studios online i am offering a new series of workshops out of gallery 111 starting this may. web savvy seminars for creatives will help you build your online presence in an exciting and creative way so that you'll barely know you're doing business. to read about the workshops, click on the document below. also, the video of my art battle experience is now completed and posted on vimeo. watch parts - to get the full effect. rural transitions: team selected latcham annual juried exhibition sat. apr. - sat. opening reception sat. apr. -. i just found out that one of my mixed media textiles will be featured in the latcham gallery annual juried exhibition this year. selected by the jurors katerina atanassova, curator at the mcmichael canadian art collection in kleinburg, laura millard, artist and professor at ocad university in toronto and sean mcquay, artist and professor at durham college in oshawa, i feel extremely honoured. giving a juror's talk next wednesday, i hope to speak with them directly and get some immediate feedback to my work. one of the coolest things about the latcham gallery, is that it is right beside the sally ann in stouville. a one stop shop for any artist
__label__non_math	1.0000	this is a mashup of many vote based news sites and popular technology and programming blogs. news is updated about every minutes. for more details see the about jimmyr.com page. i'm also youtube user jimmyrcom, and i've made several educational video tutorials in the past. i provide a bunch of online education links below.
__label__non_math	0.9930	for old school mustang-lovers, anything less than a v8 might sound, well...ludicrous. and while we certainly do love the .-liter v8 in the mustang gt, the .-liter v6 in the mustang is no slouch, either. it's rated at 305-horsepower and 280 lb-ft of torque, and reaches the mph mark in just .seconds. it wasn't always this way, though, which is probably why many people still raise their eyebrows when we suggest the v6 engine. starting in , however, ford began working to improve the performance of their v6 engines, and the latest iteration represents the results of some pretty impressive year-over-year improvements. the ford mustang convertible, equipped with a 190-hp .-liter v6 went from -in a pretty sluggish .seconds. by , however, ford equipped the car with a larger .-liter v6 and tweaked the body a bit. at the time, the car zipped from -in .seconds, and boasted a quarter-mile time of just .seconds. this engine carried over for , and the model was the first to feature the .-liter duratec v6. which brings us to today's v6 premium model with a six-speed manual transmission and performance pack. not only does it hover around the five-and-a-half second time for -acceleration, it completes a quarter mile in .seconds at 100.miles per hour. so, there you have it. you don't have to compromise performance by choosing a less powerful v6 engine. of course, it's all really up to you - we certainly won't stop you from driving home in the mustang gt equipped with a 420-horsepower, 390 lb-ft torque .-liter v8. either way, the team here at jim tidwell ford is here to help
__label__math	0.6300	you might also like it's something you were trained to be proud of as mini humans. why abandon that pride? you "made", good for you
__label__math	0.9328	you might also like i think we can put our differences behind us... for science... you monster. if chell and glados had met at a different time, they might have been friends. they d have sat down, giggled over tea, mused about what colleges they were going to. unfortunately they met while one of them was an aperture test subject, and the other was an insane ai driven by a constant need to run homicidal tests. fate has a funny way of bringing people together.
__label__non_math	1.0000	you might also like inmate please step forward
__label__non_math	1.0000	world of warcraft horde spray zip-up hoodie throm-ka, fellow tauren, undead, orcs and trolls
__label__non_math	1.0000	twitter has been overloaded
__label__non_math	0.5958	to make this sentence true i have to put , between the given fractions or decimals? . please explain? given a rectangular prism with dimensions and if you created a second rectangular prism with the length doubled but the height halved and the width stays the same , which would be the relation of the second volume to the first volume? 740 mm hg how would you calculate the concentration of an aqueous solution of ca oh2 that has a ph of .. poetry, part which one of the following lines best illustrates personification? a. a narrow wind complains all day. b. the fog comes on little cat feet. c. she floated graceful as a dove. d. spring is a dream unsung. wilma's arm is broken when paula knocks her down during an agrument. if wilma sues paula for battery, what damages is wilma likely to receive? well i saying both. i have describe two cultrals and their views on health. i shows african and caucaisians american. i know that african american an excessive impact on minority populations is chronic diseases. chronic diseases that are consider in african american are aids, ... i need some help with what are some of the implications to health care providers in african american and caucasian? considering cultural views on the health as organic, health as harmony and disease as a curse or stigma i need some help with listing at two pros and cons for each of the given patient and caregiver roles as a -mechanics and machines -parents and children -spiritualists and believers -providers and consumers -partners this is so i can right my paper for further reading
__label__non_math	0.9969	why put only a few youjizz videos on your site when there are no restrictions to the number of videos you can place on your site. make the size of your site grow right away by embedding all of our videos at once to your site below is a link to easily import our database of embeddable videos to your site. it is a .csv file inside a .zip, containing video urls, thumbnail urls, tags, duration, title, and embed codes. embed all youjizz videos on your site at once: this file is updated from time to time since hundreds of videos are added every day. once you have added these videos to your database we suggest you subscribe to our updates feed.
__label__non_math	1.0000	community education designs, develops and implements a wide array of non-credit classes that enrich the lives of all ages, including youth and mature adults. program coordinators collaborate with area businesses and instructors to ensure the delivery of innovative programming as well as traditional classes and lectures. senior expo on not sure how to register? follow our easy guide on how to register for non-credit courses.
__label__non_math	1.0000	take your wardrobe on a trend-right summer vacation in the palest aquas, deepest marines coolest whites. blues whites of summer our soft cotton cool linen knits are the foundation of every warm-weather wardrobe. summer tees tanks linen is the fabric for warm-weather style. it's your wear-everywhere, goes-with-everything soft wardrobe staple. the linen shop the dress shop new supersoft knit styles with lasting appeal to pick, pair wear through spring into summer. no day ever has to be the same in wearever. the wearever shop soft light, relaxed effortless all the comfort you love in the fresh airy fabrics your summer wardrobe needs. the pure jill shop out the door and on with your day in our sandals, flats, skimmers more. the shoe shop finishing touches delicate extras that complement your look today, tomorrow always. the accessories shop script section containing code for liveperson chat solution
__label__non_math	0.9693	acrylic a synthetic fabric often used as a wool substitute. it is warm, soft, holds colors well and often is stain and wrinkle resistant. angora rabbit hair a soft fiber knit from fur of the angora rabbit. angora wool is often combined with cashmere or another fiber to strengthen the delicate structure. dry cleaning is recommended for angora products. bedford a strong material that is a raised corded fabric similar to corduroy . bedford fabric wears well and is usually washable. boot footwear which covers the entire foot and extends to the height of the anklebone or up to the thigh. bootie a shoe that resembles a boot in style but is not as high. brocade an all-over floral, raised pattern produced in a similar fashion to embroidery. cable knit patterns, typically used in sweaters, where flat knit columns otherwise known as cables are overlapped vertically. cashmere a soft, strong and silky, lightweight wool spun from the kashmir goat. cashmere is commonly used in sweaters, shawls, outerwear, gloves and scarves for its warmth and soft feel. chiffon a common evening wear fabric made from silk, cotton, rayon or nylon. it's delicate in nature and sheer. chintz a printed and glazed fabric made of cotton. chintz is known for its bright colors and bold patterns. circumference the measurement around the shaft of a boot taken at the widest part. corduroy cotton blend fibers twisted as they are woven to create long, parallel grooves, called wales, in the fabric. this is a very durable material and depending on the width of the wales, can be extremely soft. cotton a natural fiber that grows in the seed pod of the cotton plant. it is an inelastic fiber. crepe used as a description of surfaces of fabrics. usually designates a fabric that is crimped or crinkled. crinoline a lightweight, plain weave, stiffened fabric with a low yarn count. used to create volume beneath evening or wedding dresses. crochet looping threads with a hooked needle that creates a wide, open lace. typically used on sweaters for warm seasons. cushioning padding on the sole of a shoe for added comfort and stabilization. denimcotton blend fabric created with a twill weave to create a sturdy fabric. used as the primary material of blue jeans. dobbywoven fabric where the weave of the fabric actually produces the garment's design. embroidery detailed needlework, usually raised and created by yarn, thread or embroidery floss. embossed leather leather imprinted with a design or exotic skin texture, such as snake, ostrich or croco. eyelet a form of lace in a thicker material that consists of cut-outs that are integrated and repeated into a pattern. usually applied to garments for warmer seasons. faille a slightly ribbed, woven fabric of silk, cotton, or rayon. french terry a knit cloth that contains loops and piles of yarn. the material is very soft, absorbent and has stretch. georgette a crinkly crepe type material usually made out of silk that consists of tightly twisted threads. georgette is sheer and flowing nature. gingham it is a fabric made from dyed cotton year. it is most often know to be woven in a blue and white check or plaid pattern. it is made from corded, medium to fine yarns, with the color running in the warp yarns. there is no right or wrong side of this fabric. glen plaida woolen fabric, with a woven twill design of large and small checks. a form of traditional plaid originating in scotland. heel height it is the measurement of a vertical line from the point where the sole meets the heel down to the floor. heel height is measured in increments of of an inch. herringbone a pattern originating from masonry, consists of short rows of slanted parallel lines. the rows are formatted opposing each other to create the pattern. herringbone patterns are used in tweeds and twills. hopsack a material created from cotton or wool that is loosely woven together to form a coarse fabric. houndstooth a classic design containing two colors in jagged slanted checks. similar to glen plaid. insole the inside lining of the shoe that is underneath the bottom of the foot. another term for footbed. instep the arched section of the foot between the toes and the ankle, or the part of the shoe which covers that area. jacquard a fabric of intricate variegated weave or pattern. typically shown on elegant and more expensive pieces. jersey a type of knit material known to be flexible, stretchy, soft and very warm. it is created using tight stitches. knit a knit fabric is made by interlocking loops of one or more yarns either by hand with knitting needles or by machine. linenan exquisite material created from the fibers of the flax plant. some linen contain slubs or small knots on the fabric. the material is a light fabric perfect for warm weather. liningthe leather, fabric or synthetic material used on the inside of a shoe. lam a metallic or plastic fiber woven into material to give the garment shine. lycra tmspandex fibers add stretch to fabric when the fibers are woven with other fiber blends. these materials are lightweight, comfortabletm and breathable, and the stretch will not wear away. madras originating from madras, india, this fabric is a lightweight, cotton material used for summer clothing. madras usually has a checked pattern but also comes in plaid or with stripes. typically made from cotton. marled typically found in sweaters, marled yarn occurs when two colored yards are twisted together. matte a matte finish has a lusterless surface. merino wool wool sheered from the merino sheep and spun into yarn that is fine but strong. modal a type of rayon that is made from natural fibers but goes through a chemical treatment to ensure it has a high threshold of breakage. modal is soft and breathable which is why it's used as a cotton replacement. non-iron a treated cotton that allows our easy care shirts to stay crisp throughout the day and does not need ironing after washing drying. nylon a synthetic fiber that is versatile, fast drying and strong. it has a high resistance to damage. ombre a color technique that shades a color from light to dark. paisley a pattern that consists of crooked teardrop designs in a repetitive manner. patent leather leather made from cattle hide that has been varnished to give a hard and glossy finish. placket the piece of fabric or cloth that is used as a concealing flap to cover buttons, fasteners or attachments. most commonly seen in the front of button-down shirts. also used to reinforce openings or slits in garments. piping binding a seam with decoration. piping is similar to tipping or edging where a decorative material is sewn into the seams. pointelle an open-work knitting pattern used on garments to add texture. typically a cooler and general knit sweater. polyester a fabric made from synthetic fibers. polyester is quick drying, easy to wash and holds its shape well. ponte a knit fabric where the fibers are looped in an interlock. the material is very strong and firm. poplin a strong woven fabric, heavier in weight, with ribbing. pump classically a high, medium, or low heeled, totally enclosed shoe. variations include an open toe or ornament. rayon a manufactured fiber developed originally as an alternative for silk. rayon drapes well and looks luxurious. sateen a fabric woven with sheen that resembles satin. seersucker slack-tension weave where yarn is bunched together in certain areas and then pulled taught in others to create this summery mainstay. shaft height measurement of the shaft of the boot, which is from the top of the boot to the inside seam where the instep and the sole meet. shirring similar to ruching, shirring gathers material to create folds. silk one of the most luxurious fibers, silk is soft, warm and has shine. it is obtained from the cocoons of the silkworm's larvae. sole the outsole, or bottom part of a shoe. space dyed technique of yarn dyeing to produce a multi-color effect on the yarn itself. also known as dip dyed yarn. spandexelastomeric fiber, this material is able to expand and still snap back to its original shape and form. spandex fibers are woven with cotton and other fibers to make fabrics stretch. stacked heel a heel made of leather or leawood covering that gives the appearance of wood. synthetic materials man-made materials designed to look or function like leather. tipping similar to edging, tipping includes embellishing a garment at the edges of the piece, hems, collars etc. tissue linen a type of linen, which is specifically made for blouses or shirts due to its thinness and sheerness. tweed a loose weave of heavy wool makes up tweed, which provides warmth and comfort. twill a fabric woven in a diagonal weave. commonly used for chinos and denim. variegated multi-colored fabrics where colors are splotched or in patches. velour a stretchy knit fabric, typically made from cotton or polyester. it has a similar soft hand to velvet. velveta pile fabric in which the cut threads are very evenly distributed, with a short dense pile, giving it a distinct feel. velveteen a more modern adaptation of velvet, velveteen is made from cotton and has a little give. also known as imitation velvet. viscosea cellulosic man-made fibers, viscose is soft and supple but can wrinkle easily. wale only found in woven fabrics like corduroy, wale is the long grooves that give the garment its texture. wedge heel a heel that lies flat to the ground and extends from the shank to the back of the shoe. windowpane dark stripes run horizontal and vertical across a light background to mimic a window pane. woven a woven fabric is formed by interlacing threads, yarns, strands, or strips of some material.
__label__non_math	0.9335	bootie a shoe that resembles a boot in style but is not as high. brocade an all-over floral, raised pattern produced in a similar fashion to embroidery. circumference the measurement around the shaft of a boot taken at the widest part. cotton a natural fiber that grows in the seed pod of the cotton plant. it is an inelastic fiber. cushioning padding on the sole of a shoe for added comfort and stabilization. dobbywoven fabric where the weave of the fabric actually produces the garment's design. embroidery detailed needlework, usually raised and created by yarn, thread or embroidery floss. faille a slightly ribbed, woven fabric of silk, cotton, or rayon. houndstooth a classic design containing two colors in jagged slanted checks. similar to glen plaid. liningthe leather, fabric or synthetic material used on the inside of a shoe. lam a metallic or plastic fiber woven into material to give the garment shine. marled typically found in sweaters, marled yarn occurs when two colored yards are twisted together. matte a matte finish has a lusterless surface. merino wool wool sheered from the merino sheep and spun into yarn that is fine but strong. ombre a color technique that shades a color from light to dark. paisley a pattern that consists of crooked teardrop designs in a repetitive manner. poplin a strong woven fabric, heavier in weight, with ribbing. sateen a fabric woven with sheen that resembles satin. shirring similar to ruching, shirring gathers material to create folds. sole the outsole, or bottom part of a shoe. stacked heel a heel made of leather or leawood covering that gives the appearance of wood. synthetic materials man-made materials designed to look or function like leather. tweed a loose weave of heavy wool makes up tweed, which provides warmth and comfort. twill a fabric woven in a diagonal weave. commonly used for chinos and denim. variegated multi-colored fabrics where colors are splotched or in patches. viscosea cellulosic man-made fibers, viscose is soft and supple but can wrinkle easily. wedge heel a heel that lies flat to the ground and extends from the shank to the back of the shoe. woven a woven fabric is formed by interlacing threads, yarns, strands, or strips of some material.
__label__non_math	0.9995	firefighters planned to reboard the msc flaminia to attack remaining fires as the stricken container ship moved within 170 nautical miles of the u.k. coast, owner reederei nsb said. the ship and three accompanying tugs were moving at a four-knot speed, the company said. the vessel was reported listing by degrees because of damaged cargo and water poured on the fire. after the prevailing fog of the last days lifted, firefighters wednesday reboarded the ship, but intense heat prevented a close inspection of cargo holds. the ship s firefighting system, reactivated earlier this week, was switched off. overall, the situation onboard msc flaminia has improved, the company said on its web site. the emission of smoke from cargo holds and has declined significantly. nevertheless, hot spots inside of individual containers should still be reckoned with. the company said it was unclear when firefighters could begin inspecting individual containers to eliminate any smoldering fires. british authorities are expected to decide within the next few days on granting permission for the ship to enter a sheltered coastal area. the ship caught fire july in the mid-atlantic, approximately ,000 miles from land, en route from charleston to antwerp. one crewmember died from burns, a second seaman is missing and three remain hospitalized. eighteen crewmembers and two passengers escaped injury. the msc flaminia, an -year-old ship with capacity of ,732 -foot-equivalent units, reportedly was carrying ,876 containers. discover supply chain analysis tips for doing business and building lead gen with joc that you can start using today when you download joc insights for free right now.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the virginia port authority said it and the vpa s operating company, virginia international terminals, have begun preparing the hampton roads port for a possible strike when the international longshoremen s association contract expires sept. . negotiations on a coastwide master contract between the ila and united states maritime alliance broke down aug. . no new talks have been scheduled, and ila president harold daggett said last week that a strike appeared likely. virginia officials said their strike planning focuses on moving as much cargo as reasonably possible through port terminals before the contract expires. vpa and vit officials have begun weekly conference calls with cargo owners to work out plans. our goal will be to do everything we can to ensure that all cargo is delivered prior to oct. , said joseph a. dorto, vit s president and ceo. when we resume operations, vit will do all possible to ensure our customers are taken care of in a timely and efficient manner. the goal is to maintain a high level of service to our customers so that there is minimal disruption to their business. we believe our customers will immediately make plans to shift a portion of their cargo to west coast ports from to percent, dorto said. the effect of this will not be felt here until october as cargo on the water today will still move to virginia. next week the vpa and vit will convene a meeting to discuss what will happen during and after an ila strike. meeting participants will include labor, ocean carriers, the coast guard, customs and border protection, operations personnel, motor carriers, harbor pilots and tug companies. planning discussing will include extending terminal gate hours, working with railroads to schedule trains and hours of operation, developing an informational hotline to be put in place during a strike, and a plan for using the vpa s multiple messaging platforms to disseminate up-to-date information.
__label__non_math	1.0000	zurich, 5th july, swissport international, the world s leading provider of ground services to the aviation sector, has been awarded the iata safety audit for ground operations isago certificate for its corporate headquarters and zurich station, and is now listed on the isago registry. flight safety starts on the ground. with the growth of air traffic, airport operations have become increasingly complex. more and larger aircraft, an increase in ground support equipment, and faster turnaround times all contribute to the challenge of operational safety. modelled on the iata operational safety audit iosa framework, the iata safety audit for ground operations isago is the first industry standard designed to improve safety and reduce damages on the ground. over the course of three days last autumn, the isago auditing airline klm meticulously assessed swissport s zurich station in the categories of organisation and management, load control, passenger handling, baggage handling, aircraft handling and loading, and aircraft ground movement, for both documentation and implementation. security and safety are the main priorities, and both the documentation and implementation of processes must measure up to the most-stringent requirements to enter the isago registry. swissport zurich, following the successful completion of its corporate and station in zurich, switzerland, has been awarded the international air transport association iata safety audit for ground operations isago certificate. this latest registration proves that the swissport team has documented and implemented a state-of-the-art management system, designed to provide efficient and tailor-made services to our customers, with the focus on safety and security, says erich bodenmann, executive vice president of group services comprising corporate operations quality, corporate it and procurement. he also praised michael thuersam, head of corporate quality, health and safety, who has led the project, based at swissport s headquarters in zurich. thuersam said: we are proud to have successfully completed the audit and are satisfied that our efforts to achieve business excellence have paid off. the certification, however, also requires that the iata-defined standards, with their focus on safety and security, be adhered to and implemented at all times, and swissport zurich will do its utmost to ensure that this is done. swissport international this year again named best ground handling company by the respected institute for transport management is also committed more broadly to the isago programme. we will further intensify our efforts to increase the number of stations listed on the registry, added thuersam.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the johnson county health department is announcing a probable case of h1n1 influenza. the patient is isolated in a local hospital and is being appropriately treated. the johnson county health department is following the guidance provided through cdc when dealing with a probable case. this includes a thorough case investigation and management of the patient and close contacts. a specimen from the patient was sent to the kansas department of health and environment kdhe laboratory thursday. based on the results from kdhe testing, the specimen warranted further testing at cdc. arrangements have been made to deliver the specimen to cdc for testing and health officials are awaiting word on when results can be expected, but it will likely be late this weekend or early next week. after kdhe receives the test results and communicates with the local health department, a news release will be issued. no additional information will be available on this probable case until final results are reported from cdc. the johnson county health department recommends individuals take standard precautions to avoid getting ill such as washing your hands, covering your cough, and staying home when you are sick. travel to mexico is also not recommended at this time. symptoms of h1n1 influenza include fever, cough, sore throat, body aches, headache, chills, and fatigue. some people have reported diarrhea and vomiting. if you are experiencing these symptoms, please contact your healthcare provider. for more information and updates, access jchd s website at
__label__non_math	0.9992	cops punish alex magee for weed, expired tagmay 9th, is it so hard to keep the marijuana out of the car? apparently it is for bucs defensive end alex magee. he was slapped by tampa cops today for driving with a license plate tag expired more than six months and for misdemeanor possession of marijuana, so reports victoria lim of bright house sports network. magee s full name arcilla alexander magee was driving his dodge charger when he was stopped on east kennedy blvd. and north nebraska ave. at , the report says. the officer smelled marijuana and searched the vehicle. the investigation turned up a misdemeanor amount of field test positive marijuana , according to the report. while the bucs can t punish magee during a lockout, one might think the organization is not going to tolerate a drug charge from a bottom-of-the-roster guy, especially one that would be in the room, as raheem morris calls it, with all the precious young defensive linemen. just years old in april, magee has three nfl seasons in the books and made a huge play in the bucs january win in new orleans. stylez white s potential future with the bucs just got a little brighter.
__label__non_math	0.8926	for those of you keep score at home, this is the 3rd wedding in a row where someone is named eric, granted, this 3rd and final was erica but still, what are the chances? erica jesse were married at this past saturday, outside at the sylvan amphitheater in greenwood park. i checked the temperature right before the ceremony began, it read ,368 degrees fahrenheit just before my phone disintegrated into a pile of ash. it was hot here are some photos from the day, libby did the shots of erica getting ready several other of my favorites from the day and let s be honest, she kicked butt.
__label__non_math	0.9894	unnatural selection: choosing boys over girls, and the consequences of a world full of men by mara hvistendahl one of history's more curious encounters occurred in early march at a country estate in southern england, near dorking. the estate belonged to daniel malthus, a gentleman of independent means and wide intellectual interests. the philosophers david hume and jean-jacques rousseau were traveling in the neighborhood, seeking a house for rousseau, who had just recently arrived in england under hume's patronage after having been driven out of switzerland. daniel malthus was known to both philosophers, at least by correspondence, so they paid him a brief visit, in the course of which they saw his son thomas, then just three weeks old. so there, presumably in the same room, were hume, rousseau, and the infant thomas malthus. it was an odd grouping: the serene empiricist, the neurotic social optimist, and the future oracle of demographic doom. hume had actually dabbled in demography himself some years earlier. he had been one of the first to argue against the belief, common until his time, that the ancient world was more populous than the modern world. demography, along with its cousin discipline of economics, was "in the air" during the later eighteenth century, waiting for the grown-up malthus to cast his cold eye upon it in his momentous essay on the principle of population . of these two cousin disciplines, it is a nice point for argument which better deserves to be called "the dismal science." i would vote for demography. it must be hard to maintain a cheerful composure while scrutinizing the ceaseless, often inexplicable ebbs and flows of nativity and mortality. it is a strange thing, too and a depressing one for anyone of an empirical temperament that what ought to be the most exact of all the human sciences has such a sorry record of prediction. what, after all, could be more certain than that a nation with number n of five-year-olds today will have n fifteen-year-olds in a decade's time, give or take some small margin for attrition and migration? the human sciences don't come any more precise than that. yet large-scale predictions by demographers have been confounded again and again, from those of malthus himself to that of paul ehrlich, who told us in his bestseller the population bomb that "the battle to feed humanity is over billions will die in the 1980s." ehrlich's book was very much of its time. the third quarter of the twentieth century was dogged by fears of a malthusian catastrophe. popular fiction echoed those fears in productions like john brunner's novel stand on zanzibar and richard fleischer's movie soylent green . it was assumed, reasonably enough, that populous poor countries were most at risk, being closest to the limits of food supply. governments and international organizations therefore got to work promoting birth control in what we had just recently learned to call the third world, with programs that were often brutally coercive. birth rates soon fell; though how much of the drop was directly due to the programs, and how much was an inevitable consequence of modernization, is disputed. the evidence is strong that women liberated from pre-modern subordination to their husbands, and given easy access to contraception, will limit their pregnancies with or without official encouragement. there was, though, a distressing side effect of the dropping birthrates. many countries have a strong traditional preference for male children. so long as women in those countries were resigned to a lifetime of child-bearing, the sheer number of offspring ensured that the sex ratio at birth srb would be close to its natural level of 105 males to 100 females. the post-natal ratio might be skewed somewhat by local traditions of female infanticide and by the loss of young men in war, but a rough balance was kept. china in the 1930s had around 108 males per 100 females. once the idea of limiting births settled in, however, people sought assurance that one of their babies be male. if a mother gives birth twice, there is a percent chance neither baby will be male; the chance of no males in three births is twelve percent; the chance of no males in four births, six percent. female infanticide continued to be an option, but not an attractive one nor, in most modern jurisdictions, a legal one. technology met the need by providing methods to determine the sex of a fetus. from the mid-1970s to the early 1980s, amniocentesis was used for this purpose. then high-quality second trimester ultrasound became widely available and took over the business of fetal sex determination. it caught on very fast all over east and south asia, allowing women to abort female fetuses. the consequences showed up in last year's chinese census, whose results are just now being published. they show an srb of 118 males per 100 females. these unbalanced sex ratios and their social and demographic consequences form the subject matter of mara hvistendahl's book unnatural selection. an experienced journalist who has lived for many years in china, ms. hvistendahl covers the history, sociology, and science of sex-selective population control very comprehensively. she has organized each of her book's fifteen chapters around the experience of some significant individual: "the bachelor," "the parent," "the economist," and so on. her book's scope is by no means restricted to china: "the student" of chapter is an indian who commenced his medical training at a big hospital in delhi in , when sex-selective abortion was just taking off in india. we get a side trip to albania, whose srb is treated as a state secret, but seems to be at least 110. we also learn that sex-selective abortion is common among couples of chinese, korean, and indian descent in the u.s.a. the subjects here are not just newly arrived immigrants, either. a research team from columbia university found that: if anything, mothers who were u.s. citizens were slightly more likely to have sons. sex selection, in other words, is not a tradition from the old country that easily dies out. south korea makes a particularly interesting study. that country's governments were more foresighted than most in spotting the problems that might arise from sex-selective abortion. they outlawed the procedure in , and followed up with rigorous enforcement. south korea's srb is now at the natural level. there is more here than meets the eye, though, as ms. hvistendahl uncovers. as elsewhere, sex selection was mainly resorted to for second or subsequent births. the srb for first births is essentially normal worldwide. and first births is wellnigh all the births there are now in south korea. our author tells us that: "in korea bottomed out with the lowest total fertility rate in the world, at an average of .children per woman." things have since recovered somewhat. the estimate for total fertility rate is .. that still makes for a fast-declining and aging population, though surely not the ideal solution to the problem of sex ratio imbalances. what of the issue of angry young surplus males unable to find wives? ms. hvistendahl takes a less alarmist view than the one put forth by hudson and den boer in their book bare branches. that there is a causal relationship from excess males to political despotism, as those authors argued, is not well supported by historical evidence. as hvistendahl notes: "adolf hitler came to power at a time when germany had over two million more women than men as a result of the toll taken by world war i." she might have added that the most authoritarian episode in recent indian history was the "emergency," instigated by a female prime minister at a time of normal adult sex ratios. one feels intuitively that a surplus of sex-starved young men will generate trouble, but on the evidence so far, things may not go beyond domestic disorders of the containable kind. ms. hvistendahl seems to be of conventionally feminist-leftist opinions, but she has visible trouble keeping those opinions in order when writing about sex-ratio imbalances. she of course favors "reproductive rights," yet cannot but deplore the fact that those rights, extended to third world peasant cultures, have led to a holocaust of female babies and the trafficking of young women from poorer places with low male-female ratios, to wealthier places with high ones. she works hard to develop a thesis about it all having been the fault of western imperialists terrified of the breeding potential of poorer, darker peoples, in cahoots with opportunistic third world dictators hungry for world bank cash, but she cannot quite square the ideological circle. as she points out, abortion was frowned on throughout asia until modern times. chinese people used to consider themselves one year old at birth: older chinese still reckon their birthdays in this way. where would "reproductive rights" be in asia if not for those meddling imperialists? these blemishes are minor, though, and probably inevitable in any book written by a college-educated young woman of our time. if you skip over them, you will find a wealth of research and much good narrative journalism in unnatural selection. the occasional feminist, leftist, and anti-american editorializing aside, this is a rich and valuable book on an important topic. david hume would have admired hvistendahl's respect for the data, even when it leads to conclusions that make hay of her prejudices. rousseau would have applauded her egalitarian passions. thomas malthus, had he read the book, would have been tearing his hair out.
__label__non_math	1.0000	stay up to date with the latest products, offers and sale bargains from john norris. for many years, john norris have been supplying the best country clothing and attire for all outdoor sports such as fishing and shooting, choose from a huge selection of country clothing and outdoor country attire from leading brands such as barbour, musto and le chameau. john norris of penrith, victoria road, penrith, cumbria, ca11 8hp, uk. tel: , fax:
__label__non_math	0.9942	birch: it is heavy, similar to maple, the grain is fine and close and the texture is even. it is adaptable to fine finishes, easy to work with and can be stained and finished to resemble many expensive and imported woods. cherry: the heartwood of cherry varies from rich red to reddish brown and will darken with age and on exposure to light. in contrast, the sapwood is creamy white. the wood has a fine uniform, straight grain, satiny, smooth texture, and may naturally contain brown pith flecks. mahogany: comes in many different varieties. strong and tough and uniform in structure with close moderately open grain. possesses excellent physical and woodworking qualities. it ranges from a light pink to yellow, but on exposure to light and air, quickly turns to a reddish brown or sherry color. maple: hard or "sugar," maple is elastic and very strong. it is one of the hardest of the common woods. the grain is straight with occasional wavy, curly, bird's eye patterns that are much prized in veneers. the natural color is white to amber. maple is sometimes finished to simulate cherry wood. metal: core construction is with metals. oak or ash: oak is very tough, strong, and hard and can live up to the every day abuse furniture takes and it has a pronounced grain. white ash is a ring-porous, hardwood of great strength. it is used for furniture frames and hidden parts. brown ash has strong grain character and is used for veneers. painted: can be solid wood or a wood like product that is painted. pine: soft wood that is white or pale yellow. knotty pine is used extensively for paneling and plywood, cabinets and doors. dries easily and does not shrink or swell much with changes in humidity. one of the least expensive woods for furniture production. walnut: because of its rich brown color, hardness and grain walnut is a prized furniture and carving wood. walnut burls are commonly used to created turned pieces along with veneers or thin walnut slices. other: woods not classified above
__label__non_math	1.0000	this is a forum to ask product related questions that will be answered by customers like you or by our customer care team. if you have a question regarding an order or a customer service issue, please call us at .800.424. or email us at email approved questions and answers may take several days to appear on site. please do not include personal contact information here. you will have the opportunity to do so after you submit your question. ask a question
__label__non_math	0.9992	overcoming depression tip sheet overcoming depression tip sheet by john thurman depression is a serious medical condition that affects the body, mind and spirit. it impacts the way one thinks about everything. a depressive disorder is not the same thing as feeling down, or having a little case of the blues. it is not a sign of weakness or a condition than can simply be wished, willed or prayed away. people with a depressive illness cannot simply just suck it up and get on with life. without recognizing and treating depression its symptoms can last for weeks, months even years. it can ultimately take your life through suicide. the good news is that there are a number of proven treatment options that can alleviate or at least manage depression. these treatment options may include treatment with medication, talk therapy, nutrition, exercise and even exercising spiritual disciplines. in a given -year period, .percent of the population, or about .million american adults suffer from a depressive illness. while the economic cost associated with depression is high, the human cost cannot begin to be estimated. the power of depression first impacts the individual and then moves through the family, the community and the workplace causing pain and discomfort for all that are affected by it. while all this sounds like gloom and doom and may make a person feel even more depressed, there are things you can do right now that can have a positive affect on you or some who you love that may be depressed. to move in the direction of health, you first have to have some idea of what is going on. if you have at least five of the following symptoms you could be have a depressive disorder. if some of these symptoms sound familiar and if you think you are depressed you should contact your family physician and discuss your symptoms. your physician will be able to help you develop a clearer picture of what is going on and should be able to assist you in your recovery. i addition to your physician you could also discuss your situation with a mental health professional, a pastor, priest, rabbi or spiritual director. research tells us that there are medications and counseling techniques that can ease the pain of depression. furthermore, the ancient wisdom of the old testament and other ancient writings can give hope and direction in a time of depression. a suggested action plan re-assume a reasonable amount of responsibility for your life. take some action. set a couple of bit sized goals. break tasks and chores into smaller more manageable increments. see your doctor, check out community classes, talk to a therapist, do some on line research. do things, healthy things that make you feel better. put yourself around others when you can. volunteer; willfully put yourself in a position of helping someone else. it will help you to focus less on you and your current feelings. begin some moderate exercise. when you are depressed you don t feel like moving. trust me; any moderate exercise will help you feel a little better. watch what and how you eat. many individuals will turn to comfort foods when they are feeling down, if they are not careful these comfort foods could harm more than heal be careful to not self-medicate depression through over indulging in alcohol or in abusing drugs. expect your mood to improve gradually. you didn t wake up feeling this way yesterday and you probably won t be healed by tomorrow. as you choose to move in a healthy direction you will begin to feel better and your spirit will not feel as heavy. delay important decisions until you feel more like your old self. after all, it probably isn t wise to quit a job, get married or divorced while you are in the thick of a depressive disorder. remember, we don t live by our feelings. our thought life can significantly impact how we feel. why, the fact that you are reading this tip sheet indicates that you are making a positive thought that will impact how you feel let your family and friends help. questions? email john
__label__non_math	1.0000	today in her throne speech premier christy clark reiterated her focus on job creation, building stronger, safer communities and open government. in the coming months, we will chart a clear course for british columbia as we navigate through these challenging economic times, said premier christy clark. as they have been since taking office, families remain a key focus of the premier's agenda. the throne speech outlined initiatives to benefit families: the introduction of a new provincial statutory holiday, family day commencing in . new legislation to modernize our education system. new legislation to modernize the bc college of teachers. streamlined process for traffic-fine violations to free up provincial court time. looking into more openness in trials of those accused of participating in the vancouver riot. a law to assist family law problems. a commitment to work with non-profit groups. anti-bullying policies. a summit on social innovation. also highlighted were initiatives to defend and create jobs, including: a review of the operations of all crown corporations. a major investments office. a jobs and investment board. million in investment across natural resource ministries. creation of an office of the municipal auditor general. changes to the freedom of information and protection of privacy act. launch of new online tools and a dedicated website to enhance public engagement. you can watch the full throne speech here: or read it here:
__label__non_math	0.9732	joint use is a way to increase opportunities for children and adults to be more physically active. it refers to two or more entities usually a school and a city or private organization sharing indoor and outdoor spaces like gymnasiums, athletic fields and playgrounds. the concept is simple: share resources to keep costs down and communities healthy. examples of joint use agreements: a principal unlocks the school gate after hours so neighbors can shoot hoops or play ball on evenings and weekends. a school and swim team share a pool. a school opens its soccer field to a local league for weekend games. a ymca opens its gym to the local pe teacher so students have a place to exercise. why is joint use needed? the research is clear: the more active children are, the healthier they will be now and when they grow up. yet certain places make physical activity harder instead of easier. place matters since experts now know that where we live, work and play the physical environment itself determines, to a large degree, whether we will be healthy. too often, kids find the gate to their school s blacktop or basketball court locked after school hours, locking them out of opportunities to be active. closing off recreational facilities after school leaves many children and families struggling to incorporate physical activity into their daily routines. they may live in an area without a nearby park or be unable to afford exercise equipment or a gym membership. joint use agreements can fix these problems. joint use makes physical activity easier by providing kids and adults alike with safe, conveniently located and inviting places to exercise and play. besides making sense from a health perspective, joint use agreements make sense financially because they build upon assets a community already has. sharing existing space is cheaper and more efficient than duplicating the same facilities in other parts of the community. where is joint use happening? joint use is happening in cities throughout california and across the nation. in fact, the concept of joint use is not new. schools have shared their land and facilities for community use for over 200 years. most states, including california, have policies to encourage or require schools to make facilities open to the public. in california, a survey conducted by the center for cities and schools revealed that close to percent of responding school districts already have some type of joint use partnership, but thousands still do not. how does it work? joint use agreements facilitate a partnership between two or more entities, often school districts and local government agencies e.g. parks and recreation or nonprofit organizations, to open up spaces such as playgrounds, athletic fields, pools, and gymnasiums to the community outside of school hours or to open up community facilities to schools at a reduced cost or for free. joint use partnerships can be formal based on a legal document or informal based on a handshake , but formal agreements offer increased protections for both the facility and the community group using the facility. since school staffing can change over time, personal relationships are not the most secure way to guarantee access to facilities into the future. a formal agreement can also help prevent problems related to maintenance, operations, liability, ownership or cost from arising. maintenance how can we keep the space in good condition? joint use agreements can detail each partner s goals to help ensure that school properties are respected and maintained. when school resources are being shared, it s important to have joint use agreements that specify who needs to make repairs and who will address wear and tear to the property. some school officials have noticed a decrease in vandalism since implementing a joint use agreement. they have noted that when the community shares school resources, they take pride and ownership in the space, which can help deter vandalism. operations who will unlock the gate? who will run the programs? these questions can be answered with joint use agreements so that partners know what they are responsible for. liability what if someone gets hurt? experts say most schools existing liability insurance is sufficient to cover any liability issues associated with joint use. joint use agreements can identify liability concerns and make sure they are accounted for. ownership how does joint use affect how decisions are made about the property? joint use agreements should outline a process for resolving any conflicts that may surface. they should also highlight how the partnership will benefit each party. cost how expensive will the partnership be? joint use agreements can be used to define how much each partner contributes. partnerships do not need to cost a lot to be successful. agreements can help partners anticipates what costs might be.
__label__non_math	0.9989	of course first i want to clean up my studio. it looks like a train wreck in here. crafting mania is everywhere
__label__non_math	0.9958	the jm-web-development template by joomla-monster proved to be a great choice for our company. it was easy to work with from the start because of its flexibility and well thought-out design. our questions were answered quickly we never worried that we would be without support throughout the implementation and thereafter. most critical to us was the ability to upgrade our site to .and we have not been let down as the .version is now available. we are pleased with the level of dedication of the joomla-monster team. keep up the good work - celeste guidice, marketing communications manager, trm microwave
__label__non_math	0.5247	while everyone was very excited when joomla when i expressed how i felt about the editor screen, a twitter bird told me that i could easily fix the problem i was having with joomla
__label__non_math	1.0000	web design for business we are a web design and seo company that specializes in developing business websites that perform. what do we mean by perform? a business website to be of any benefit to a company needs to be able to be found by your prospective customers. our websites do exactly that we specialize in developing powerful business web designs that are optimized for the internet right out of the gate. imagine what would happen to your business if when customers are looking for the products or services that you offer are able to find you easily on the internet. that is the purpose of a business website, and anything less is worthless.
__label__non_math	0.9998	the truck saga continues at lannan mazda, lowell, massachusetts, a photo by sultry on the road and on the move on flickr. dear hubby wasn't exactly happy, but was rellieved when he made the decision to accept this service centers suggestion of putting a used engine into his truck. he was able to talk to mechanics who had a reasonable theory of why the oil pressure sensor, oil pump, and ultimately, the motor failed. since we won't have access to the title on the car until our belongings are delivered to new hampshire, and since that won't happen until we actually find a house... we might as well fix this one. plus, another loan might make mortgage lenders wary.
__label__non_math	0.9992	in a sign of how quickly the media narrative has shifted from pomp and circumstance to layoffs and bankruptcy, the grim u.s. economy was the overwhelmingly dominant story one week after barack obama s festive inauguration. the financial crisis filled of the coverage studied from jan -feb. , as measured by the pew research center s project for excellence in journalism. a week earlier, it was obama s move into the white house that consumed most of the media s attention, also accounting for of the newshole, or the time on tv and radio and space in print and online. the economic coverage, which focused on the president s efforts to pass an billion stimulus package, pushed other news to the sidelines. the next-biggest story, a distant no. at of the newshole, was the blago-gate scandal marked by the impeachment of illinois governor rod blagojevich and his somewhat bizarre tv interview tour. the only other subject to generate a moderate amount of attention was the logistics of the new administration, where the headlines included two cabinet nominees tim geithner at treasury and tom daschle at health and human services hampered by tax problems. much has been made in the coverage of the historic nature of obama s victory. but what may be almost as unprecedented is the urgency with which he has acted on the economic crisis and the press corps equally swift pivot from celebrating to legislating. by the end of the week, the media were questioning the efficacy of obama s stimulus package, his political clout, and his pledge of bi-partisanship. for all the talk of a media love affair with obama, the frantic rush of events and the changing tone of the narrative suggest that the new president s so-called honeymoon may set modern records for brevity. the economic crisis there was a sense of d j about coverage of the economic crisis last week. not only did it represent a three-fold increase over the previous week. it also marked the highest amount of coverage of the meltdown in four months, since sept -oct. . that week, the financial turmoil also accounted for of the coverage on the news that after some fits and starts, congress had passed the initial billion bailout. last week, the storyline driving economic coverage was the passage, by a party line vote, of the stimulus package in the house of representatives. it was a reminder media attention is often greatest when it comes to covering the politics of issues in congress than when those problems were building. the level of attention to the economic meltdown was similar in almost every media sector last week. the low water mark was on network tv of the airtime studied while cable news devoted the most attention . in between were newspapers , online sites and radio . roughly half of the economic coverage was connected to the fate of the stimulus package that started wending its way through capitol hill. the stimulus battle moved first to the house and obama s very public efforts to engage and woo republicans generated major headlines about a changing mood in washington. it s a rare day when the president goes to the capitol to meet only with members of the other party, noted cbs correspondent chip reid. reid s story included plenty of doubting republicans minority leader john boehner said the bill was doomed by spending pushed by liberal democrats. but the story also conveyed a sense that the white house outreach might pay dividends down the road. many republicans commended mr. obama for changing the tone and making later compromise possible, reid said. still, stark partisanship became the media theme when the house passed the stimulus package on jan. without a single republican vote. that result was depicted even more as a rebuke of the new president because it was unexpected. president barack obama's billion economic stimulus package is headed for the senate after a surprisingly partisan vote in the house in which republicans united in opposition and mostly conservative democrats defected, declared the jan. story on foxnews.com. during senate debate next week, the measure is expected to pick up at least some gop support. but obama's hopes of changing washington's partisan culture went unmet despite the president's separate high-profile meetings on capitol hill on tuesday with house and senate republicans. questions about the stimulus package were not restricted to the political calculus, however. in a feb. front-page analysis, david sanger of the new york times wondered about possible overreach on the part of the president and his allies. as president obama and congress barrel toward the latest emergency program to resuscitate the american economy, one question is looming over their search for a cure: can the government fashion a fast and efficient economic stimulus while also seizing the moment to remake america? the piece stated. the question that the senate will begin debating is whether grand ambitions are getting in the way of pulling the country out of a nose dive. and so for every comparison of this moment to roosevelt s first hundred days, there are warnings that much of his social experimentation did not have a big impact on america s economic recovery, which took years. another staple of coverage of the economic mess has been the tale of infuriating and almost unfathomable corporate greed or excess. two weeks ago, it was the news that former merrill lynch ceo john thain had spent upwards of ,000 on a rug. last week, it was the story that citigroup, which has received million on a corporate jet an expenditure that incurred the wrath of the obama team. in a segment labeled keeping them honest on the jan. edition of his cnn show, anderson cooper, citing a backlash against the brazen behavior of banks that messed up big time, reported that the company had decided against acquiring the new plane. due largely to his central role in the stimulus skirmishing last week, barack obama was the top headline generator, showing up as lead newsmaker meaning he was the focus of at least half the story in of all the week s stories. next came rod blagojevich , who proclaimed his innocence on the airwaves as the illinois senate was removing him from office. in another sign of how much media focus was on the white house, obama s press secretary, robert gibbs, was next at . the no. newsmaker was acclaimed novelist john updike, who died last week at age . he was followed by michael steele, the former maryland lt. governor who prevailed after six rounds of voting to become the first african-american chairman of the republican national committee. the least surprising development in the blagojevich scandal last week which filled of the newshole as the no. story was the -vote in the illinois senate that removed him as governor. the most surprising development may have been how many television journalists and personalities clamored to get the disgraced pol on their air. the unbowed blagojevich protested his innocence on everything from the view to nightline to larry king. and the media seemed both repulsed and strangely attracted to him, a phenomenon perhaps best explained by this line in dana milbank s jan. washington post piece. rod blagojevich may be about to lose the gov before his name, but the man's entertainment skills are unimpeachable. the new administration stories about the new obama administration that did not deal with his handling of major policy questions like the economy accounted for another of the overall newshole last week. a good chunk of that coverage was focused on two storylines. one was key appointments, with much of the attention focused on tim geithner s eventual confirmation as treasury secretary and the tax problems complicating the nomination of hhs secretary tom daschle. daschle withdrew from consideration this week. another involved media evaluations of the new president, including some discussion of the casual white house dress code that stood in stark contrast to his predecessor s more buttoned-down style. super bowl and scary storms the fourth-biggest story of the week, at of the newshole, was coverage of run-up to the super bowl, which turned out to be one of the better football championships ever played. in the days before the event, an element of the coverage was connected to the economic mess, with reports that some of the usual excess from lavish parties to stratospheric ticket prices was being tamped down by the hard times. rounding out the top-five stories was a nasty winter storm system of the newshole that wreaked havoc in places like kentucky and left more than a million people without power. illustrating just how hard it was to keep obama out of the headlines last week, a few stories focused on the president s view that the modest coating of snow and ice that closed washington d.c. schools would have been barely noticed by the hearty folks in his old hometown of chicago. about the nci pej s weekly news coverage index examines the news agenda of different outlets from five sectors of the media: print, online, network tv, cable and radio. see list of outlets . the weekly study, which includes some ,300 stories, is designed to provide news consumers, journalists and researchers with hard data about what stories and topics the media are covering, the trajectories of that media narrative and differences among news platforms. the percentages are based on "newshole," or the space devoted to each subject in print and online and time on radio and tv. see our methodology . in addition, these reports also include a rundown of the week s leading newsmakers, a designation given to people or institutions who account for at least of a given story. mark jurkowitz of pej
__label__non_math	0.9401	the journal of electronic publishing jep is a forum for research and discussion about contemporary publishing practices, and the impact of those practices upon users. more... connect with jep please send comments and questions about the journal of electronic publishing to us at firstname.lastname - volume , issue 1summer - volume , issue 2fall - volume , issue 1august - volume , issue 3december - volume , issue 2fall volume , no. 1current issue rebecca welzenbach and shana kimball refurbishing the camelot of scholarship: how to improve the digital contribution of the pdf research article john willinsky, alex garnett, and angela pan wong the portable document format pdf has become the standard and preferred form for the digital edition of scholarly journal articles. originally created as a solution to the need to view and print anywhere, this technology has steadily evolved since the 1990s. however, its current use among scholarly publishers has been largely restricted to making research articles print-ready, and this greatly limits the potential capacity of the pdf research article to form a greater part of a digital knowledge ecology. while this article considers historical issues of design and format in scholarly publishing, it also takes a very practical approach, providing demonstrations and examples to assist publishers and scholars in finding greater scholarly value in the way the pdf is used for journal articles. this involves but is not limited to graphic design and bibliographic linking, the deployment of metadata and research data, and the ability to combine elements of improved machine and human readability. despite the exponential rise of social media use in the publishing industry, very little is known about its impact on the editing profession. the aim of this paper is to investigate how editors and proofreaders use social media tools in their work. the first part is a descriptive study of users and uses of social media in the context of editing. the second part critically evaluates the positive and negative aspects of using social media tools for work and explores practical implications. the results of a survey of 330 editors and proofreaders indicate that the use of social media tools is motivated chiefly by the interpersonal utility and information-seeking behavior. while social media tools are seen as easy to use, their perceived usefulness varies. moreover, they are considered to be time consuming and distractive. other concerns, and indeed barriers to the adoption of social media, are linked with the blending of professional and private identity, the merging of working and personal life, and issues surrounding privacy and author s confidentiality. publisher-library partnership for accessibility: a case study of scholarly publishing for public audiences mark anderson-wilk and sue kunda public outreach and access are becoming more and more important across institutions of higher education. sustainable information technology approaches are necessary to communicate and preserve public education materials generated as part of this new era of outreach and engagement. this paper describes the partnership between oregon state university s extension service publishing arm and the oregon state university libraries to make oregon state university the first land-grant institution to systematically publish outreach materials using the university s institutional repository. this partnership models how institutional repositories can be used to publish outreach products developed through faculty scholarship; the university s outreach materials are thus simultaneously digitally preserved and made discoverable and accessible to a wide public audience. intra-institutional partnerships, such as the one described in the case study, can be mutually beneficial in the current environment of limited resources and desire for cross-disciplinary collaboration.
__label__non_math	1.0000	teamwork helps pave the way to better control each partner in the continuum of diabetes care plays a crucial role in facilitating the kinds of behavioral change in patients that can lead to better health management. this section explains how an integrated approach to care can ultimately result in better control over diabetes on both an individual and aggregate level. - role of health plans discusses the important part health plans can play in encouraging plan members to take control over their type diabetes. it also discusses how plans can support diabetes management through patient education and outreach efforts. - role of physicians reviews key opportunities health care providers have to discuss all aspects of diabetes management with patients. it also provides advice on steps physicians can take to encourage healthy behavior among patients. - role of merck summarizes our dedication and commitment to advancing diabetes education by bringing the various partners in diabetes care together. - role of educators outlines the valuable yet often overlooked role that educators and nutritionists can play in helping plan members put type diabetes information into action. it also offers tips on how health plans and educators can work together to change behavior and improve patient outcomes. - role of patients discusses the many benefits of being a proactive patient when it comes to disease management. this article also helps them to take to heart their role as lead player on their personal diabetes care team.
__label__non_math	0.9999	many people make it a point everyday to have at least one relaxing activity. people do this because they have to untie the knots in their muscles and in their minds. schoolwork and the professional life can take a toll on one s health, and finding ways to achieve relaxation and laughter is a must for everyone who wishes to maintain a level of health and sanity. one way to save time and still be able to reap the benefits of relaxation and laughter is to find suitable youtube video web site on the internet that provide quality material, free of charge. many people think that the internet in general doesn t have anything remotely nice to offer and that it s starting to be a territory only for people with credit cards. this is not so, and the website joycave.com proves it. think of our favourite video sharing websites such as youtube , dailymotion and vimeo, then add a dash of the fun and the comical and what do you get? joycave.com - funny utube videos share your favourite youtube videos with the world and let others rate them. anytime. anywhere. have any youtube video worth watching? why don t place it on joycave.com? if you have found on the net anything interesting to watch, just use our contact form . this video site has been made for you, so be its part and share your you tube videos with the rest of our visitors.
__label__non_math	0.9988	george a. king iii, post: mariano rivera walked out of the yankees' clubhouse late last night with a chocolate ice cream cone in his right hand and a plastic bag in his other.isn't eating ice cream against the girardi rules? mark feinsand, daily news: the red sox are coming the worry-warts are out in full force after the yankees dropped another game in the standings on friday night, slicing their lead over the red sox to six games. i have one word for all the panicky yankees fans out there: chill. ... if the yankees go -, they will finish with 100 wins. that means the red sox would have to go -to tie for the division lead. give me a good reason why the yankees will go -the rest of the way and we ll continue the discussion. could it get closer than it is now? absolutely. are the yankees in danger of collapsing? hardly. fat billy is on twitter -- and his spelling skills are as string as ever: august 17the tcm makes fun of his former trainer brian mcnamee, usually referring to him only as "m". mcnamee's response? "this r guy makes me look smart, which is hard to do." went to coopetstown. again congrats to jim ed, and rickey. signed ,500 autos in days for some cool fans. hate to hear that roy o has to shut it down for the year. we need to get him string and heathy for next year
__label__non_math	0.9982	the bbc has taken a straight look at chinese gold farmers in the world of warcraft. we'd fear for our own jobs when msm begin competently portraying game news -- thankfully, gold farming is old news and has already been well documented in the last two years, so we feel relatively safe. the piece takes a look at your typical chinese gold farming operation, with some nifty use of green-screen by the reporter being magically teleported into the game. at least it wasn't another wow game addiction piece. of course, the minutes-level reporting we'll never see from the msm would be if blizzard actually likes chinese gold farmers. think about it, they're constantly buying new copies of the game, keep players involved in the game who would normally quit because they can't keep up and generally maintaining a black-market that's actually healthy for the games bottom line. but that's a conspiracy for another day.
__label__non_math	0.9998	a un human rights council fact-finding mission on west bank settlements is set to release its report in geneva late thursday morning. israel cut its ties with the council when it first ordered the probe last march. jerusalem refused to cooperate with the three-member mission or to allow it entry into israel, including into area c of the west bank, where the settlements are located. the settlements probe is the sixth council investigation into israeli activity in the palestinian territories or on its borders, including in lebanon and the gaza strip. the most highly publicized council probe was the goldstone investigation into israeli military activity in gaza in december and january under the idf s operation case lead. but the settlements report is the first one issued since the un general assembly upgraded the palestinian status to that of an observer nation in november, a move that could allow it state rights before the international criminal court. the palestinians have already threatened to bring the issue of west bank settlements before the icc. foreign ministry spokesman yigal palmor said that the best way to address the issue of settlements was through a negotiated peace process, but that the palestinians have refused to talk directly with israel. the question of settlements, as everyone knows, is one of the core issues between israel and the palestinians. it will not find any solution outside the framework of negotiations, he said. if the council wants to contribute to human rights, it should do its utmost to enable the resumption of peace talk, he said. publishing a one-sided and biased report will only add insult to injury, and confusion to the distortion, he said. the three-member panel on the fact-finding mission, christine chanet of france, asma jahangir of pakistan and unity dow of botswana, plan to hold a press conference in geneva on thursday to discuss their report. the human rights council is set to debate the report on march .
__label__non_math	0.9913	beirut - lebanon's army said on saturday its forces raided a southern district of beirut and arrested a member of a powerful shi'ite muslim clan which claims responsibility for the kidnapping of syrians and a turkish businessman. "army forces carried out a raid to execute arrest warrants against individuals that were linked to kidnappings ... the army arrested a number of wanted, including hassan meqdad," an army statement said, without mentioning the kidnapped. the meqdad clan abducted the men on aug. in what they said was a response to the capture of one of their kinsmen in damascus by the free syrian army, the armed wing of a revolt which aims to topple syrian president bashar assad. the kidnappings have reinforced fears that the syria conflict could trigger more instability in a much smaller neighbor where damascus has had a major influence for decades.
__label__non_math	1.0000	tehran - iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad said on saturday the islamic republic would soon announce "very important" achievements in the nuclear field, state tv reported. he was speaking on the 33rd anniversary of the islamic revolution. tens of thousands of iranians joined state-organized rallies across the country to mark the occasion. the coming days the world will witness iran's announcement of its very important and very major nuclear achievements," ahmadinejad told a crowd at tehran's azadi freedom square in a speech relayed live on state television. he gave no details. carrying iranian flags and pictures of supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei chanted "death to israel" and "death to america." prime minister ismail haniyeh, who arrived in iran on friday for three-day trip, also spoke at the ceremony. haniyeh vowed that the hamas movement will never recognize the state of israel and will continue its resistance until all palestinian lands are liberated. on friday, iran pledged to back palestinian resistance against israel. "soon the zionist regime will be punished for its plots and aggression," afp quoted iran's first vice president mohammad reza rahimi as saying to haniyeh. "iran will not retreat one iota from its position on defending the rights of the palestinian people," added rahimi.
__label__non_math	0.9584	last month we marked the fast of gedalya: not to get over the big meals we ate over the three-day mega-festival of rosh hashana, but rather to internalize an following the destruction of the holy temple at the hands of the babylonians, some jews still remained in the land of israel. nebuchadnezzar, the babylonian king, even allowed for a modicum of local autonomy, installing gedalya ben ahikam as the judean governor. gedalya enjoyed majority support of the jewish community. yishmael ben netanya, who was from the davidic line, was a firm opponent gedalya s rule; not only as might be expected because he was not a descendant of king david, but also because he had, to yishmael s thinking, collaborated with the imperial power of babylon. even though gedalya received intelligence reports that a political assassination was being planned and his life was in danger, nothing could convince gedalya that a jew would raise his arm against a fellow jew. his assassination ultimately led to the total loss of even limited jewish political control in the land of israel. this month we will mark the 16th anniversary of the assassination of former prime minister yitzhak rabin. i remember the fateful night of his assassination. i was participating in a year-abroad program in israel and decided not to attend the rally; instead, i went out with friends in downtown jerusalem. hearing rumors of the shooting i went into a shop and asked the owner to turn on the radio to check whether there was any news confirming the rumors. i am still deeply shocked that he responded by asking me if indeed the rumors were true whether i would be pleased or not. i of course replied that i would be horrified. in response, he kicked me out of his store. returning to my seat, i saw american yeshiva students raising their glasses in a celebratory l chaim to the death of rabin. distraught, i left for the bus stop to make my way home to waiting for the bus to arrive, i saw tzomet party youth members asking passersby whether they supported or were opposed to the murder. i approached them and berated them for having the audacity to do such a thing. although they responded by stating that they were simply performing a public service by polling the public, these same teenagers let out a loud cheer when the news-broadcaster announced that rabin had been shot and fellow passengers shouted at them, reminding them that apart from being prime minister and defense minister, he was a father, a grandfather and a husband. the next day i saw people almost coming to blows on ben-yehuda street when buying newspapers, arguing over the perceived morality of the just as i fast on tzom gedalya each year, i also fast on the 12th of heshvan, the anniversary of rabin s assassination. to me, the similarities between the fates of gedalya and rabin are simply too stark to two jewish leaders supported by the majority of the people, yet considered collaborators with external powers by their opponents. the complete disbelief that a jew could harm another jew led both to dismiss warnings that an assassination was being planned. although the message of the two days is similar, there is a significant difference between them at least for the moment. to signify this difference, instead of fasting until nightfall as we do on tzom gedalya, i only fast until halachic mid-day on the anniversary of perhaps in the future, if we do not learn to heal the fissures in israeli society religious secular, liberal conservative, rich poor, ashkenazi sephardi , immigrant sabra our society will implode, and we too will lose jewish political control in the land of then this fast will also extend until nightfall. we can use the tragedy of heshvan as a wake-up call to ourselves to work towards ahavat chinam baseless love among and between all sectors of israeli society, then maybe we can bring about a tikkun , a repair, which will lead to the canceling of this fast altogether. therefore, we should mark this day not by attempting to promote the legacy of warrior turned peacemaker or soldier turned statesman, for it is irrelevant that it was a right-wing religious jew who assassinated a left-wing secular jew. message of the day should not be to laud the legacy of rabin which in any case means many different things to many different people but rather to destroy the legacy of his murderer yigal amir, to absolutely reject the notion that a government can be changed with bullets, as opposed to through ballots, and to absolutely reject the use of violence within our society. in this way, the day can promote a unifying message to israeli society and the jewish people as a whole, and avoid turning what should be a national tragedy for all into a politically partisan day, which would further cement the fractures in our the real message of the day struck me during the shloshim -day memorial for rabin. i was staffing a memorial table in ashkelon at which passersby could light a memorial candle in his memory. haredi man approach me, wagging his finger, filled with what appeared to be rage. i assumed that he would criticize me, as somebody wearing tzitzit , for staffing a table memorializing a secular left-winger. i realized something. this man was filled not with anger, but rather with anguish. he came closer, trying to speak, but with barely a sound coming out of mouth. finally, when he was close to me, he embraced me and wept bitterly on my shoulder. in between the sobs, i could hear him saying, he was a father, he was like a father to the nation and we, we killed him. it took me a while to understand that he was not referring to religious jews, but to israeli society as a whole. and when i realized my initial mistake in assuming that he was coming toward me in order to rebuke me, i understood that i too was part of the problem, and that therefore i needed to try and be part of the i wish those of all religious and political persuasions who care to join me in fasting until a.m. israel time on wednesday, november , a tzom mo il a meaningful fast . the writer is the director of teaching israel.
__label__non_math	1.0000	an unexpected error has occurred. we're sorry, an error occurred during this process. please contact us if the problem persists. to continue shopping, go to our homepage. if you are looking for a great deal, why not check out today's deal of the day? or, better yet, check out all of our looking for someone? - order by phone - 800 806- - customer service - 800 426- - corporate sales - 800 221- other ways to contact us.
__label__non_math	1.0000	we are pleased that you are interested in the funko halo universe commander carter wacky wobbler. pre-order and temporarily out of stock items: we receive daily shipments from our suppliers; if you order this item now, your order will be automatically prioritized once we receive this item, and your credit card will only be charged when your order is shipped. by ordering today you will also lock in today's price with any applicable coupons. if instead you would only like to be alerted when this item is back in stock, please enter your email address in the box below. receiving this stock alert email allows you to be among the first to know when this item is but it does not hold a piece or the price for you. please be aware this item may sell out before you return to our site. there is no obligation to purchase. your email address will be used only for the notification service. for up to the minute stock information call us at -800-806-
__label__non_math	1.0000	published on by j.soiree in uncategorized i found some interesting wedding stats from the other day regarding weddings in the us that i thought would be fun to share .million couples wed every year in the us, nearly ,200 weddings a day the average age of a bride in the us is . the average age of a groom is . the average number of guests invited to a wedding is 178 of those getting married each year have been married before wow the money behind the marriage billion is spent on weddings per year the average wedding budget is ,000 really average cost of wedding rings for the bride and groom: ,016 traditionally the father of the bride would pay for everything. today however, the bride and groom themselves pay for the wedding about of the time; the bride s parents pay about of the time. the rest of the time, costs are covered by different sources the bride and groom and one or both sets of parents according to surveys by bride s magazine billion per year is spent on wedding gift registries billion per year is spent on honeymoons the average honeymoon budget is ,657 over of all to-be-weds register for gifts. the couple receives gifts from an average of 200 guests most wedding guests spend between 100 on a gift timing of weddings june is the most popular month for weddings, then august, followed by september and october. here s a monthly breakdown: of weddings are performed in churches or synagogues of newlyweds take a honeymoon the average couple will spend 3d more on their honeymoon than on a regular vacation of honeymooners will travel within the united states, about will travel to a foreign country honeymoons usually last to days the most popular destinations are las vegas what? of brides and grooms have a valid passport other interesting info the top wedding city in the world is istanbul, turkey with 166,000 for the year i would have never guessed that las vegas, nevada is in second place with 114,000 weddings sources for statistics us census bureau the knot the association for wedding professionals international ; sellmoreweddings.com; sellthebride.com ; american demographics ; bride s millennium report: wedding love money bride s magazine. article by sound vision staff writer published on by j.soiree in uncategorized how exciting thanks to all of the wonderful vendors and my smart assistant dora i m very excited to be planning another wedding at the pacific palms resort in november of this year and look forward to more amazing weddings to be featured to inspire all brides published on by j.soiree in photo gallery photography: manda murphy photography, elaine lee published on by j.soiree in uncategorized i was lucky enough to plan a 60th surprise birthday party at the cicada restaurant in downtown la in the spring. if you ve never been to the cicada, you ve missed a hidden gem within the downtown la located within the business and jewelry district. now this restaurant is not your typical restaurant venue; on first entering i was immediately impressed by the ornate d cor and true representation of the late s. from the beautiful dance floor and grand chandelier to the live big bands and costumed staff, the cicada restaurant transports you back into times of the roaring s and the prohibition. the theme for our party was very fitting, a s theme where we asked guests to dress up in their best. the guest of honor was definitely suprised when over guests caught him off guard upstairs in the mezzanine overlooking the dance floor. the set menu included appetizer choices of tiger shrimp, caesar salad, iceberg wedges or a soup of the day; the main entree selection were new york steak, pistachio encrusted salmon, pan-seared chicken breast, or lobster linguine, and desserts were to die for with choices between the chocolate molten lava cake or the fresh berry cobbler. guests signed the guest book and enjoyed the photos of memories inside. a full live s band played throughout the night and invited both party guests and restaurant guests to fox trot the night away the building that the cicada resides in one of los angeles 1st art deco buildings, the oviatt building, designed by albert walker and percy eisen in . the restaurant is actually located within the oviatt penthouse. at its time it was a who s who spot for many exclusive parties including howard hughes, john barrymore and many others. for more information to book your event and coordinator at this location; please contact joanna chong with j.soiree at 323 244- or the special events department at the cicada at 213 488-. published on by j.soiree in uncategorized one of your closest friends relatives asked you to be in their wedding . walk a mile in her stilettos remember she s getting married and a wedding can bring on a lot of stress to her and her future spouse, so she might not be thinking too clearly. try to be a little understanding by helping her de-stress . offer up some assistance before you start saying no to all of her demanding emails and calls, consider what you can help in some of the wedding plans. just be sure that she doesn t go overboard with her requests of you and others. suggest a dj, help her choose her her make-up or even help decide on the menu choices for the reception. giving her the little extra advice or assistance might be all she needs to calm down some of her bridezilla fits. . remember your relationship with the bride. she s being a bridezilla now, but don t forget the friend she was before all of the wedding chaos happened. don t allow this one event to ruin your relationship with the bride. she s going to say and do things that she may not mean because of her emotions, so you have to be the reasonable one and try not to take offense. this is one of the most important days of her life, and she will look back and know you put up with her. . hire a professional wedding planner. most bridezilla s are just overwhelmed and anxious brides that need a lot of help. suggest hiring a professional planner no, her mom or your aunt doesn t count that can help with her with every little detail, emotionally, financially, and logistically. this can eliminate the headaches and drama for everyone s sake. . if everything fails ..reality check. so you ve done everything you can and it s come to this. depending on the bride, you may need to set-up a meeting or casual lunch dinner to discuss the main issues of the wedding. just invited the closest of friend or family for a mini-intervention. let her know that her behavior may not be at its best and it s making things a little uncomfortable for everyone to be excited about this day. make sure it doesn t turn into a trash the bride discussion, but help her get back to reality of the special meaning behind all the wedding planning and that she will be marrying the man of her dreams. again reassure her that you are there for her no matter what.
__label__non_math	0.9979	in a quiet way, the thousands of people who run, bike, hike, ski and paddle make a lot of noise in wisconsin birkie drawing younger racers but in the last year or so there have been signs that the race, which will be held for the 33rd time on saturday, is getting a little spring back in its step. this year, the average age of participants in both the 51k race and the 23k kortelopet is . indeed, there actually are more -and-under skiers 645 in the 51k and 534 in the 23k than -and-older skiers 755 in the 51k and 310 in 23k . the minimum age for the birkie is and for the kortelopet it is . but it's the high school level that's especially promising, race officials say. at the recent wisconsin high school cross-country ski championship, the number of participants increased to 360 from 240 last year, said ned zuelsdorff, executive director of the american birkebeiner ski foundation. the number of teams increased from to . curiously, girls outnumbered boys, 195 to 170, zuelsdorff said. "if i was a high school boy now, i know the sport i'd be involved in," he said. as of monday, ,475 skiers had registered for the 51k race, and ,913 for the 23k race. race officials say they expect ,000 people to be registered by race day. -by john fauber
__label__non_math	1.0000	don walker offers news, notes and perspective on the ever-changing sports business landscape in wisconsin and around the country only one end zone will be used for wrigley field game whoops. only a day before the big illinois-northwestern football game at wrigley field, organizers have decided that, for safety reasons, only one end zone will be used. let's repeat that. only one end zone will be used for the game, according to espnchicago. espn reports: "the east end zone is feet away from the right-field wall, and although there is padding, there was still concerns that injuries could take place. northwestern coach pat fitzgerald had said he would have different game plans for the different end zones to avoid the possibility of injury." go ahead, readers. have at this one. and while we're at it, let's sample some vintage video from packers and bears at wrigley, circa .
__label__non_math	0.9998	the journal sentinel's team of packers beat writers provide the latest news, notes and analysis steelers week: wednesday practice report green bay - here's what went on this morning. nothing earth-shattering: - cb brandon underwood hip and lb nick barnett knee did not practice. neither injury should be much to worry about. with barnett coming off acl surgery, they are always going to be cautious with him. underwood was cleared to re-enter sunday's victory over the chicago bears. - brandon chillar worked alongside a.j. hawk with barnett out. - cb charles woodson shoulder and de johnny jolly knee left after jogthroughs. - dl ryan pickett went through jogthroughs and then did a pretty intense rehab workout. he looked very good and spry. big man has very quick feet. - lb jeremy thompson neck is still out. - wr greg jennings needed a bunch of stretching to get his knee ready, but he seemed fine in practice. - k mason crosby did a lot of fundamental work with special teams coordinator shawn slocum. not sure if that's unusual because they usually kick outside. today they were inside. and, yes, he also did a lot of work from the right hash. - coach mike mccarthy and defensive coordinator dom capers had a long discussion during the special teams period. - packers signed cb d.j. clark -, 200 to the practice squad. started four years at idaho state. went undrafted by lasted all of training camp with the carolina panthers before getting cut. mccarthy will be speaking at about p.m.
__label__non_math	0.9998	the journal sentinel sports staff brings fans the latest news and inside information on the brewers brewers "in touch" with davis i just spoke with steve canter, the agent for free-agent left-hander doug davis, and he told me he has been "in touch" with brewers gm doug melvin. as we have discussed many times in the past, melvin has been interested in davis, who once pitched for the brewers. melvin made a couple of unsuccessful attempts last season to re-acquire davis from the arizona diamondbacks. "doug would love to play for the brewers," said canter. "the organization was great to him when he was there, and they've got a great mix over there. doug melvin is building a contender over there." melvin said at the start of the off-season that he would like to pick up two major-league starters. thus far, he has acquired one, left-hander randy wolf. so, we'll see if this leads to something. the fact that the sides are staying in touch means a deal is always possible. i know there has been a lot of statistical debate about davis on this blog site and whether it is worth signing him. one stat that probably has caught melvin's eye: davis is -with a .era in career starts against the cubs, with a .159 whip and .strikeouts per nine innings. davis also is the only pitcher in the majors to log at least starts and pitch at least 200 innings in four of the last six seasons. considering how much trouble the brewers had getting deep into games with their starters, that's probably an attractive factor. hopper note: contrary to the earlier blog posted on the signing of outfielder norris hopper, he was not invited to the brewers' big-league camp. that doesn't mean he won't see action in their camp but makes it more difficult to make the club, usually.
__label__non_math	1.0000	christopher tolkien, son of j.r.r. tolkien and executor of his father's literary estate, expressed disappointment in the films made of the books by peter jackson. during his first interview in years in june, with the french publication le monde, tolkien, , said that jackson "eviscerated the book by making it" into "an action movie for young people aged to ," he said of the "lord of the rings" films. "and it seems that 'the hobbit' will be the same kind of film." since his father's death in , according to the story, the son's "life has been one of incessant, driven, almost herculean work on the unpublished part of his father's oeuvre." he and his sister priscilla are the last survivors of tolkien's four children. read full blog post milwaukee mayor tom barrett and milwaukee county sheriff david clarke will appear together on "piers morgan tonight" on cnn. the topic will be clarke's recent public service announcement ad in which the sheriff tells residents that personal safety isn't a spectator sport anymore, and "i need you in the game." added clarke: "with officers laid off and furloughed, simply calling 911 and waiting is no longer your best option. you could beg for mercy from a violent criminal, hide under the bed, or you can fight back." read full blog post 113 wtmj-tv channel is adding a local weekday newscast at p.m. effective monday, the station confirmed tuesday. it will be a "fresh newscast" that will be anchored by the regular p.m. anchors carole meekins and mike jacobs. it will be the only local newscast airing at p.m. wtmj-tv is exploring adding some "new elements and stories" to the program along the way, said steve wexler, vice president of radio and television for journal broadcast group, which owns the station. read full blog post fajitas grill centro at p.m. wednesday in its new, bigger home at 530 e. mason st.fajitas grill, which closed last year on n. farwell ave., will reopen as starting thursday, the restaurant will open for breakfast and lunch in addition to dinner. chef and co-owner arturo napoles said the menu will have some new dishes, such as scallops as an appetizer . for an entree. also new is chorizo, potato and pepper fajitas . . read full blog post a new poster has been released for "the jeffrey dahmer files," the documentary about the milwaukee serial killer by local filmmaker chris james thompson. the current poster features the view from inside an empty refrigerator, a reference to where dahmer kept body parts of his victims. a previous poster - when the film was previously called "jeff" - featured the face of andrew swant, who plays dahmer during dramatic recreation segments in the film. read full blog post eggers will sign books at p.m. sunday at boswell book co., n. downer ave. he s just signing on this whirlwind visit, not talking or reading. his novel depicts the plight of a midde-aged american businessman, floundering professionally and personally in saudia arabia. in his new york times review of the book, pico iyer called hologram a clear, supremely readable parable of america in the global economy that is haunting, beautifully shaped and sad. in the los angeles times, carolyn kellogg described the book as solidly constructed and elegantly told, and wrote that "hologram seems well suited for reader discussion. read full blog post i've seen the first two episodes of the tweaked and retooled post-dan harmon cult comedy "community," and can report that the show's tone and style feels familiar in a way derivative of what milwaukee native harmon created. the first episode relies on two devices fans of the show have seen before: the first involving abed, played by marquette university alum danny pudi, and a paintball blanket fort-type competition subplot. the trailer below is for that episode. read full blog post bill burr's set at the pabst theater march , tickets are just about sold out. the good news is a second show at p.m. that evening has been added.if you were planning to see comedian tickets for that show are .and go on sale at noon wednesday at the pabst theater box office 144 e. wells st. , the riverside theater box office 116 w. wisconsin ave. , by calling 414 286- and visiting pabsttheater.org. new shows have also been announced tuesday for the pabst's sister venue turner hall ballroom, n. 4th st. read full article soundgarden is about as serious as rock bands get these days, so its fun to see the chris cornell-fronted group loosen up a little bit in the music video for its latest single "by crooked steps." the dave grohl-directed video opens with the guys finishing up a poker game and slipping on crooked steps biker jackets as they head out into the night. but just when you expect to see them revving their harleys, a medium shot reveals the guys doing their best tough guy expressions while cruising along on some segways. i won't give everything away, but its worth a look. make sure you stick it out until the end for a surprise cameo hint: it's the guy playing the cop . see the video below. read full blog post how warm is it? it's warm enough that red arrow park's "slice of ice" outdoor skating rink at 920 n. water st. will be closed tuesday. milwaukee county park officials blame the recent wave of near-record warmth - yep, could reach degrees today - combined with the overnight rains for slushing the rink ice. the rink is scheduled to reopen wednesday with open skate from a.m. until p.m. read full article the year is young, but between marilyn manson, the darkness, chris young and more, the rave has already had some notable acts come through in . but before january comes to a close, and the rave kicks off an impressive february roster with a sold-out soundgarden show friday, the venue has one last show to give this month, headlined by sludge metal group down.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the ship arrived in lavrion last tuesday and the voyage crew left on wednesday, since when we've been busy with maintenance. there's been quite a bit of painting going on, david's been working on door frames, on bulkheads in various showers and on hatches. now that jon's finished all his weekly chart corrections, he's picked up a bit of sandpaper prior to doing some varnishwork in the charthouse. on deck a few of the usual jobs have come round again, godfrey's been busy re-securing or replacing leather in the rig. steve's been making things ready below for the engineers' main job this maintenance - changing the starboard main engine gearbox. the replacement is expected here tomorrow or thursday and once changed, the original will go back for refurbishment. in the galley meanwhile, graham continues to feed us - and to go shopping we've all managed to get ashore and have a look around. most have tried some of the local food in the bars and restaurants and some even took the bus to athens for their half day.
__label__non_math	0.9969	as you've probably noticed, a lot of emphasis has been placed on voting in this issue. with that being said, i'm going to keep my letter short and sweet this week. my main point is simple: it's important for you to get out and vote the presidential election saw one of the highest turnouts of voters in the -age group over the past years, but a gallup poll taken this summer asked people in that same demographic if they were planning to vote in the presidential election. percent fewer young voters are planning to participate this year why is it important for you as a college student to be informed and involved with government and politics in this country? after all, you may not see any immediate effects on your life regardless of whether obama or romney receives the most votes. but change, expecially in a democratic republic like the united states, happens gradually. the decisions made by our leaders today will touch your life and your children's lives for a countless number of years to come. besides that, in only a few short years, your peers will be the ones campaigning for office. look around you. isn't that a scary thought? now is the time to cast your vote and shape the future. because we are the future. and the future is closer than you think.
__label__non_math	1.0000	"men who do little exercise and spend much of their spare time watching tv have lower sperm counts than more active men, a study suggests." "yet hours or more of exercise a week boosts semen quality, according to the results in nearly 200 college students. "the researchers said more studies were needed to explore the possible causes." read more: that's another good reason to give up tv. i'm sure that sitting in front of a computer monitor is much healthier.
__label__non_math	0.9992	sometimes a salad is not just a salad. for every hadassah salad purchased at the island crust caf , a percentage will go to hadassah, the women s zionist organization of america, inc. in honor of its centennial year. talby gelb, a local hadassah organizer, says the group originally proposed that island crust name a pizza for the organization s 100th birthday. it would be great if we could have some foods named for hadassah, gelb said, recalling the initial conversation. but given hadassah s emphasis on health and israel, island crust owner richard benjamin decided to create an israeli-style falafel salad instead. hadassah formed in , when henrietta szold realized her call to aid the impoverished, hungry and sick jews of pre-state israel. today, the organization has 300,000 members worldwide and advocates for women s issues, education, at-risk children and young immigrants in israel, and medical advancement. the hadassah medical organization consists of two highly regarded hospitals in jerusalem. the hadassah salad consists of small, crisped-to-perfection falafel balls poised around a scoop of humus, tahini and a dollop of schug a spicy israeli dip on a bed of lettuce. the salad comes with triangles of fluffy pita bread which, i must say, is the closest to israeli falafel joint pita as i ve found in this region. the falafel, too, is as good as it gets this side of the nile. while i did find my salad slightly heavy on schug and lettuce, i would hands-down order the hadassah again, assuming i am not attempting to self-soothe with a giant slice of the dayenu pizza. it s become a very popular salad, gelb said. in one day, she saw seven salads fly out of the kitchen. all were met with good reviews. julie varon, who handles marketing for island crust, said benjamin was just was ready and willing to go with the idea. but why stop at just donating a percentage of the proceeds, when they could have a party, too? so, on august from to p.m., for every hadassah salad ordered, customers will receive a complimentary brownie sundae, healthy eating be damned. it s basically a social evening, said gelb, but with jewelry on sale and door prizes. the event is directed toward women but open to all. the proceeds from the salads will go to hadassah, wherever need is greatest. that s how we built the tower, said gelb, referring to the new wing of hadassah ein kerem medical center in jerusalem. one hundred percent donations.
__label__non_math	0.9998	after years and days online, the ijdb has shut down. it has been an absolute pleasure to run such a popular website for so long. i'd like to take this opportunity to try to thank the great many people that have helped, encouraged, hosted and inspire. in no particular order, scott seltzer, tarim, mini, dave barnes, jay linn, the void, luke burrage, jon relf, jon kennett, the void, nils cox, stefan paridaen, jibe, marco paoletti, guy berman, dani, masaki nishikawa, rafael porelorti, matteo vegetti, and finally a special thank you to little paul who has been a great help during the shutdown process. thank you to rich kohut for putting together this fantastic video: i am really pleased that the news of the ijdb shutdown has resulted in the launch of a whole raft of promising looking websites. in no particular order: as you can see, these sites pick up much of what the ijdb has left behind. the one notable exception is the great many articles that the site hosted and were translated into about different languages . hopefully someone will find a use for these if you want to use any of the ijdb content, feel free. it will shortly be made available to everyone with personal details removed , under a suitable licence. thank you all for being a part in this site. regards, colin e. if you've got any comments, queries, or just want to tell me how ace you thought the ijdb was - drop me an email: email the way, i may have grown tired of running the ijdb, but i do still enjoy juggling. i am off to san francisco shortly and very much looking forward to meeting up with some jugglers while i am there
__label__non_math	1.0000	welcome to juki browse around our store to find the products you're looking for. we have a fast and secure online checkout, which makes ordering a breeze lk- br-engineer's manual - current stock: - gift wrapping:
__label__non_math	0.9994	what we do: incharge education foundation, inc. is a national 501 c non-profit organization dedicated to changing lives through empowering financial education. its in-person workshops, newsletters, online courses, websites and tips-oriented public service announcements reach more than one million people each year. what we offer: militarymoney.com is the leading financial resource for u.s. service members, worldwide. from the gi bill to va loans, militarymoney.com features more than articles, podcasts, and video clips. be incharge of your future be incharge of your future serves teens and young adults with in-person workshops and online education. the incharge staff has recently delivered the following workshops: saving for college, your first job, and cell phone economics. these materials will be available on the website soon. what we need: incharge is looking for funding to expand the be incharge or your future program to all orlando-area avid students. the avid program targets students in economically-challenged neighborhoods in the academic middle, helping them get on the college track and stay there. the be incharge of your future program features classroom workshops and an e-learning component designed to reinforce key concepts in personal finance. homeless single mothers face incredible challenges when it comes to being able to mentally, physically and financially care for their children and themselves. these responsibilities mixed with a lack of resources can be a recipe for continuous struggle. incharge debt solutions and shepherd s house are pleased to partner in order to provide financial literacy training for these women. the private workshops include discussions on topics such as understanding credit, how to prepare and stick to a budget, organizing one s finances, developing a savings plan and more. these critical subjects are not always taught in our schools; so it is imperative that we educate these young women and empower them to make positive strides in their lives, noted stacey gray, program manager at shepherd s house. we are extremely proud to be partnering with shepherd s house, a program of catholic charities of central florida, which provides support to economically disadvantaged homeless single mothers. said billie passmore, director of outreach for housing at incharge debt solutions. incharge will offer monthly financial literacy workshops to help teach the participants how to take control of their finances and develop skills needed to become better money managers with the hope of sustaining their own place of residence one day. we are a part of the solution. the monthly private workshops will be held at shepherd s house, headquartered in orlando, florida. director of education and creative programs incharge education foundation jump tart coalition for personal financial literacy
__label__non_math	0.9989	we are in mazatlan mexico this week. yesterday we took the bus into town, pesos or just under per person. not sure where we wanted to get off, we got off at the market, mercado. mazatlan has twenty miles of ocean stocked full with lots of fresh seafood ready for catching, especially shrimp and oysters. we wanted to see the shrimp ladies or changueras. we lucked out and happened to turn down aquiles serd n and saw the ladies lining the street under colourful umbrellas. plastic tubs are filled with brown shrimp, blue shrimp, white shrimp, fresh water, deep-ocean and farmed shrimp piled high upon floating ice. we didn't spend a long time there yesterday, but will be making a longer visit which will include lunch during the week and i'll provide an update next week.
__label__non_math	0.9954	my son's dog had a growth at the end of his ear. it fell off with minimal bleeding but now the inside of his ear is starting to turn red, his eyes have red in the whites and his gums are very red. he is not in pain, eating, and has a wet nose. we have applied antibotic cream and peroside on the ear. type of animal: beagle bassett name of dog: eragon triple antibotic cream, peroxide the growth fell of this morning around . he has had the grown for about a week and we kept on putting on the antibotic cream. after it fell off, we cleaned it up and them put the cream on again. just an hour ago i put on peroside. the area does not hurt him either. thanks for the information i suspect since he had the redness after the mass fell off then he is having a mast cell reaction. if this mass was a mast cell tumor then he may experience a lot of redness with no other symptoms very suddenly which may last for many hours. the best thing to do at this point is to give him 1mg of human benedryl per 1lb of body weight if he weighs 50lb he gets mg . give him the benedryl 3x daily until the redness goes away, it should not take long. if he has any more redness lingering on monday then have him examined by his vet. i hope this helps, best wishes.dr. dan years of experience with domestic and exotic dogs
__label__non_math	0.9580	personal injury question--texas jurisdiction please pass on if unfamiliar with texas subrogation and consent to sue, consent to settle. narrative: hit by an at fault driver, and the insurance carrier is trying to settle property and personal injury. the at fault driver caused fatality but was insured for ,000 limit investigating assests of the at fault driver, umbrella coverages, driving personal vehicle for company, etc etc. investigating product liabiltiy under strict liability and failure to warn. there are four other policies outstanding where the non fault driver was listed as insured. will stacked these policies under the uim coverage? question should i go ahead and make a demand for the policy limits of the uim coverages before a suit that determines the judgment amount given that it was a fatality and the at fault driver was carrying ,000? question : do i need to get consent to settle from all the insurances concerning uim just for settling the claim against the at fault driver or for settling with all the other insurances? question : how should i word the consent to settle with the at fault carrier without relieving the at fault driver of the personal injury suit that will be filed later after forensics, investigation, etc. in other words preclude settling now from being a dismisal with prejudice. should there should be some language in the settlement that operates to stop the at fault driver from later saying that their liability was settled? question the texas law has changed and now says that their can be no bad faith if there is no judgment of damages. so, if the uim carriers refuse, i have to get a judgment. the concept suggested is go get a declaratory judgment and it will offer attorney fees not guaranteed and then pursue the make demand on the uim claims. question : is there a nuance in that the ,000 is so minimum on a fatality and wrongful death that the insurance company will inherently be considered operating in bad faith given that an average claim is -million in texas? please suggest any nuances or opinion on the above scenario and procedure. hi, i m a moderator for this topic and i wonder whether you re still waiting for an answer. if you are, please let me know and i will do my best to find a professional to assist you right away. if not, feel free to let me know and i will cancel this question for you. thank you still waiting on answer. thanks sometimes, finding the right expert can take a little longer than expected and we thank you greatly for your understanding. we ll be in touch again shortly please understand that it s rare when we cannot find the right professional. nevertheless, because you are entitled to your money back with no questions asked, we will process your refund immediately at your request. please accept our sincere apology. we hope you ll think of us again when the need arises. disclaimer: answers from experts on justanswer are not substitutes for the advice of an attorney. justanswer is a public forum and questions and responses are not private or confidential or protected by the attorney-client privilege. the expert above is not your attorney, and the response above is not legal advice. you should not read this response to propose specific action or address specific circumstances, but only to give you a sense of general principles of law that might affect the situation you describe. application of these general principles to particular circumstances must be done by a lawyer who has spoken with you in confidence, learned all relevant information, and explored various options. before acting on these general principles, you should hire a lawyer licensed to practice law in the jurisdiction to which your question pertains. the responses above are from individual experts, not justanswer. the site and services are provided as is . to view the verified credential of an expert, click on the verified symbol in the expert s profile. this site is not for emergency questions which should be directed immediately by telephone or in-person to qualified professionals. please carefully read the last updated .
__label__non_math	1.0000	new ceo at scania just trucks martin lundstedt has been appointed as the new president and ceo of scania ab. lundstedt replaces leif ostling, who has been appointed member of the board of management of volkswagen ag. joining the swedish truck manufacturer in , lundstedt has held various senior positions, including head of scania s industrial operations in france from to and senior vice president, trucks until , when he assumed the position of executive vice president and head of franchise and factory sales. lundstedt vacates that role to take up his new position on september 1st.
__label__non_math	1.0000	old hickory bat co. custom pro ash wood bat: j154y youth average customer review if you have a question about the old hickory bat co. custom pro ash wood bat: j154y youth, please visit our questions and answers page. what do you think about the old hickory bat co. custom pro ash wood bat: j154y youth? got a question about the old hickory bat co. custom pro ash wood bat: j154y youth ? ask our team of experts, and they will respond within hours.ask a question or what is the length to weight ratio on this bat? the old hickory bat co. custom pro ash wood bat: j154y youth features an approximate -to -length to weight ratio. i have a yr. old son that is playing middle school baseball. he is '" and weighs 95lbs. they have to use "high school" legal bats. can he use a youth wooden bat and still be legal? youth bats cannot be used in high school. they must be adult size bats. my son, ft and , swings a combat 31inch oz bat. will the be good for him? going to a heavier wood bat will be an adjustment for him, but the j154y will be a good one for him to transition. established in , old hickory bat company has steadily grown from a one car garage and a handful of local players, to over square feet of manufacturing and showroom space and hundreds of players at the highest level of competition throughout the world. old hickory bat company s team consists of over years of combined experience within both the wood bat manufacturing arena and on the professional playing field. oldhickory s combined knowledge and playing experience, give us the ability to produce some of the finest maple and ash baseball bats in the game. located .... read more - inch handle - inch barrel - approximate -to -length to weight ratio - black finish - free shipping - great balance for youth player - medium barrel with medium taper - northern white ash wood - pro cupped end - straight knob - product video for the old hickory bat co. custom pro ash wood bat: j154y youth you guys did a great job
__label__non_math	1.0000	martina mcbride tickets when the american music singer and songwriter martina mcbride first burst on the music scene she was quickly given the name the celine dion of country music for her tremendous voice, her powerful ballads and her impressive soprano range. since she first entered the music business in the early 1990s the multi-talented martina mcbride has been living up to that name with her numerous albums, recordings and over the top performances. from the moment she entered the music scene, martina mcbride started establishing herself as one of the first country music singers to have true crossover success. her unique sound was just enough country and just enough pop to help her get fans in both genres. this was apparent with her first hit single the time has come and continued with her numerous follow up singles which included numerous number one hits on both the country and adult contemporary charts. for the past two decades, martina has been entertaining audiences with her unique fusion of pop and country. she has recorded eleven studio albums, had a greatest hits record, a live album, christmas record and had seven of her albums get gold certified or higher. martina mcbride has gone on to sell more than million albums in the united states alone and receive numerous awards for her work. she is tied with reba mcentire for the most wins ever with the country music association s female vocalist of the year award, with four wins and has won the academy of country music s top female vocalist award three time as well. even with years in the industry, martina mcbride is still recording and still setting records today. in she set a record for most nominations for the cma female vocalist award with total nominations and consecutive nominations. she also appeared in several performances including the cma music festival and a grammy award tribute to aretha franklin. as on she will be taking her powerful and unmistakable voice on the road and around the world during her global tour. this tour will give fans a chance to hear all of martina mcbride s new music from her latest album and see her up close and personal in different venues and festivals around the world
__label__non_math	1.0000	assistant united states attorney - criminal division united states attorney's office northern district of california vacancy announcement -ndca-es about the office: the northern district of california is one of the largest u.s. attorney's office in the country with 128 attorneys located in three staffed offices: san francisco, oakland and san jose. the office prosecutes federal crimes and defends and pursues the interests of the united states in civil cases. the office is responsible for representing the federal government in virtually all litigation involving violations of federal law, civil lawsuits against the government, and actions to collect judgments and restitution on behalf of victims and taxpayers. the district stretches from the monterey coast in the south to california's northern border with oregon, and from the pacific ocean in the west almost all the way to sacramento in the east. the total population of our district is more than .million. the district's main office is in the san francisco with branch offices in oakland and san jose, ca. who may apply: due to the attorney general's hiring freeze, only current permanent employees of a u.s. attorney's office and eousa may be considered and selected. responsibilities and opportunity offered: employment with the u.s. attorney's office offers a unique and challenging experience for the highly motivated attorney: an opportunity to work on some of the most significant, complex and visible cases being litigated today. working in the criminal division, you will be part of a dedicated team helping to enforcing federal criminal laws that protect life, liberty and property. required qualifications: applicants must possess a j.d. degree, be an active member of a state bar in any jurisdiction, and have at least three years of post bar experience. hiring preferences include strong academics, outstanding organizational skills, superior legal writing and research ability, demonstrated analytical ability, good judgment and courtroom skills, and a commitment to professionalism, ethics, civility, public service. travel: occasional travel may be required. salary information: pay is administratively determined based, in part, on the number of years of professional attorney experience. the range of basic pay is 131,534 plus locality pay where authorized. location: san francisco, oakland or san jose, california. please specify the desired duty location s on your resume. depending on agency needs, positions may be filled in the san francisco, oakland or the san jose branch offices. relocation expenses: relocation expenses may or may not be authorized. application process and deadline date: applications may be submitted online through the following link: this announcement opens and will remain open until filled. applications will be referred for consideration as they are needed. please include the vacancy announcement number listed at the top of this announcement -ndca-es on your resume. please include a copy of your most recent notification of personnel action sf- and performance appraisal. the announcement will also provide instruction on faxing your documents if unable to apply on-line. writing samples, transcripts, references and additional information may be requested after the review and consideration of the submitted resumes. therefore, please do not submit these documents with your initial resume application. no telephone calls please. internet sites: this and other attorney vacancy announcements can be found at: department policies: assistant united states attorneys generally must reside in the district to which he or she is appointed. see u.s.c. 545 for district-specific information. all initial attorney appointments to the department of justice are made on a time-limited temporary basis, not to exceed a period of two years or less. temporary appointments may, or may not, be extended or made permanent without further competition. the u.s. department of justice is an equal opportunity reasonable accommodation employer. except where otherwise provided by law, there will be no discrimination because of color, race, religion, national origin, politics, marital status, disability, age, sex, sexual orientation, status as a parent, membership or non-membership in an employee organization, or on the basis of personal favoritism. the department of justice welcomes and encourages applications from persons with physical and mental disabilities. the department is firmly committed to satisfying its affirmative obligations under the rehabilitation act of , to ensure that persons with disabilities have every opportunity to be hired and advanced on the basis of merit within the department of justice. this agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities where appropriate. if you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify the agency. determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis. it is the policy of the department to achieve a drug-free workplace and persons selected for employment will be required to pass a drug test which screens for illegal drug use prior to final appointment. employment is also contingent upon the completion and satisfactory adjudication of a background investigation. only u.s. citizens are eligible for employment with the executive office for immigration review and the united states attorneys' offices. unless otherwise indicated in a particular job advertisement, non-u.s. citizens may apply for employment with other organizations, but should be advised that appointments of non-u.s. citizens are extremely rare; such appointments would be possible only if necessary to accomplish the department's mission and would be subject to strict security requirements. applicants who hold dual citizenship in the u.s. and another country will be considered on a case-by-case basis. there is no formal rating system for applying veterans' preference to attorney appointments in the excepted service; however, the department of justice considers veterans' preference eligibility as a positive factor in attorney hiring. applicants eligible for veterans' preference must include that information in their cover letter or resume and attach supporting documentation e.g., the dd 214, certificate of release or discharge from active duty and other supporting documentation to their submissions. although the "point" system is not used, per se, applicants eligible to claim -point preference must submit standard form sf , application for -point veteran preference, and submit the supporting documentation required for the specific type of preference claimed visit the opm website, for a copy of sf , which lists the types of 10point preferences and the required supporting documents . applicants should note that sf requires supporting documentation associated with service-connected disabilities or receipt of nonservice-connected disability pensions to be dated or later except in the case of service members submitting official statements or retirement orders from a branch of the armed forces showing that his or her retirement was due to a permanent service-connected disability or that he she was transferred to the permanent disability retired list the statement or retirement orders must indicate that the disability is or more . the department of justice cannot control further dissemination and or posting of information contained in this vacancy announcement. such posting and or dissemination is not an endorsement by the department of the organization or group disseminating and or posting the information.
__label__non_math	0.9997	united states v. teresa kelly court docket number: -cr-119-lmb the case is assigned to the honorable leonie m. brinkema, united states district court judge for the eastern district of virginia, united states courthouse, 400 courthouse square, alexandria, virginia . on , teresa kelly, a former operations supervisor at colonial bank's mortgage warehouse lending division mwld , in orlando, florida, was sentenced to three months in prison followed by three years of supervised release, including nine months of home confinement, on her guilty plea to one count of conspiracy to commit bank, wire and securities fraud count : u.s.c. 371 for her role in a fraudulent scheme to misappropriate funds from banks that loaned funds to taylor, bean whitaker tbw for its mortgage operations. in a related action, on , the u.s. securities and exchange commission sec filed an enforcement action against brown in the eastern district of virginia. in pleading, kelly admitted that from through august , she and her co-conspirators at colonial bank and tbw engaged in a scheme to defraud various entities and individuals, including colonial bank, a federally insured bank; colonial bancgroup inc.; and the investing public. kelly admitted that she knowingly and intentionally placed colonial bank and colonial bancgroup at significant risk by causing them to purchase more than million in assets that had no value. the fraud scheme caused colonial bank and colonial bancgroup to purchase tens of millions of dollars of worthless assets, caused colonial bancgroup to report false information in its financial statements, and artificially inflated the value of tbw's mortgage servicing rights. court documents state that tbw began running overdrafts in its master bank account at colonial bank because of tbw's inability to meet its operating expenses, which included payroll, servicing payments owed to third-party purchasers of loans and or mortgage-backed securities and other obligations. in or about , kelly, former chairman of tbw lee bentley farkas and co-conspirators engaged in a series of fraudulent actions to cover up the overdrafts, first by sweeping overnight money from one tbw account with excess funds into another, and later through the fictitious "sales" of mortgage loans to colonial bank, a fraud scheme the conspirators dubbed "plan b." the conspirators accomplished plan b by selling colonial bank mortgage loans that did not exist or that tbw had already committed or sold to other third-party investors. as plan b evolved, co-conspirators at tbw also caused tbw to engage in sham sales of groups of mortgage loans, known as "pools," to colonial bank that other entities already owned. as a result, false information was entered on colonial bank's books and records, giving the appearance that the bank owned interests in legitimate pools of mortgage loans, when, in fact, the pools had no value and could not be securitized or sold. according to court documents, kelly also admitted that she and her co-conspirators took steps to hide the fraud scheme from colonial bank's and colonial bancgroup's senior management, auditors and regulators, and colonial bancgroup's shareholders, including by providing materially false information that significantly overstated assets held in the mwld portfolio. kelly knew that these actions caused materially false financial data to be reported to colonial bancgroup and incorporated in its publicly filed statements. in august , the alabama state banking department, colonial bank's regulator, seized the bank and appointed the fdic as receiver. colonial bancgroup also filed for bankruptcy in august . related cases: in a related case, united states v. lee bentley farkas, defendant farkas was convicted after a jury trial in april on one count of conspiracy to commit bank, wire and securities fraud; six counts of bank fraud; four counts of wire fraud; and three counts of securities fraud. farkas was remanded into custody after the trial and is scheduled to be sentenced on at a.m. in courtroom 600 before judge brinkema. in united states v. raymond bowman court docket no. -cr-118-lmb , raymond bowman previously pleaded guilty on , to one count of conspiracy to commit bank, wire and securities fraud count : u.s.c. 371 and one count of false statements in connection with a fraudulent scheme to misappropriate funds from banks that loaned tbw funds for its mortgage operations. on , defendant bowman was sentenced to months in prison on his march guilty plea. also, in two other related cases, united states v. desiree brown court docket no. -cr--lmb , and united states v. catherine kissick court docket no. -cr--lmb , desiree brown, the former tbw treasurer, and catherine kissick, a former senior vice president of colonial bank and head of colonial bank's mortgage warehouse lending division, each pleaded guilty to separate criminal informations charging them with one count of conspiracy to commit bank, wire and securities fraud for their roles in the fraud scheme that contributed to the failure of colonial bank and tbw. on , defendant brown was sentenced to months in prison on her february guilty plea and on , defendant kissick was sentenced to eight years in prison followed by three years of supervised release on her march guilty plea. if you have any questions, please call pam washington 888 549- or email her at firstname.lastname government's filing with respect to restitution criminal information and statement of facts
__label__non_math	0.9998	united states attorney district of connecticut wednesday, former rochdale securities trader arrested in connecticut new haven, ct. a new york man was arrested today on a federal criminal complaint charging him with wire fraud, announced the u.s. attorney, announced u.s. attorney for the district of connecticut david b. fein and special agent in charge of the new haven division of the fbi kimberly k. mertz. the complaint alleges that david miller, , of rockville centre, n.y., engaged in a fraud scheme relating to large purchases of stock in apple inc. while he was employed as an institutional sales trader for rochdale securities llc of stamford. as alleged, this defendant orchestrated the unauthorized purchase of approximately billion of apple stock in a fraudulent get-rich-quick scheme that backfired, causing massive losses for his employer, stated u.s. attorney fein. i commend the fbi, with the substantial assistance of the sec and finra, for its rapid response and for bringing this defendant to justice. the u.s. attorney s office and our many partners on the connecticut securities, commodities and investor fraud task force are committed to protecting investors and the integrity of american capital markets. this investigation is ongoing. as is so often seen in these types of cases, the alleged criminal conduct of miller was for personal gain at the expense and detriment of others, stated fbi special agent in charge mertz. manipulating and orchestrating stock transactions in such a manner is a very serious criminal offense and its impact can be both devastating and lasting. today s arrest underscores the fbi s commitment to investigating this and all types of securities fraud in our nation s stock markets. as alleged in the criminal complaint, miller schemed to defraud rochdale securities llc by executing a trade to buy ,625,000 shares of stock in apple inc. on , the day apple was scheduled to announce its earnings for the quarter. the scheme was designed so that miller would profit if the stock price rose after apple announced its earnings later that day. in falsely representing to rochdale that he was simply executing a customer order, miller misrepresented that the customer was at risk of loss if the trade proved unprofitable, when he knew that it was rochdale that would bear the risk of loss. when the stock price declined after the earnings announcement, rochdale s customer stated it had only ordered ,625 shares of apple. miller falsely claimed that he had made a mistake in ordering many multiples of what was written in a client s order. as a result of this scheme, rochdale was left holding more than .million shares of apple stock. it promptly traded out of the position, but suffered losses of approximately million. while he was executing the scheme at rochdale, it is alleged that miller defrauded another broker-dealer into taking on a significant short position in apple stock. through a series of misrepresentations made over the course of several weeks, miller convinced the broker-dealer to sell 500,000 shares of apple stock, falsely claiming that he was trading for the account of a company that, in reality, he had no relationship with and for which he was not authorized to trade. it is alleged that miller engaged in this part of the scheme to hedge against the large purchase of apple stock he was executing at rochdale. as a result of the scheme, he placed the broker-dealer at risk of sustaining substantial losses. miller surrendered today to the fbi in bridgeport, conn. he appeared before u.s. magistrate judge holly b. fitzsimmons in bridgeport and was released on a bond. the charge of wire fraud carries a maximum prison term of imprisonment of years. u.s. attorney fein stressed that a complaint is only a charge and is not evidence of guilt. charges are only allegations, and the defendant is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. this matter is being investigated by the fbi. u.s. attorney fein acknowledged the u.s. securities and exchange commission sec and the financial industry regulatory authority finra for their substantial assistance and cooperation during the investigation. the case is being prosecuted by assistant u.s. attorney paul a. murphy. in december , the u.s. attorney s office and several law enforcement and regulatory partners announced the formation of the connecticut securities, commodities and investor fraud task force, which is investigating matters relating to insider trading, market manipulation, ponzi schemes, investor fraud, financial statement fraud, violations of the foreign corrupt practices act, and embezzlement. the task force includes representatives from the u.s. attorney s office; fbi; internal revenue service criminal investigation; u.s. secret service; u.s. postal inspection service; u.s. department of justice s criminal division, fraud section and antitrust division; u.s. securities and exchange commission sec ; u.s. commodity futures trading commission cftc ; office of the special inspector general for the troubled asset relief program sigtarp ; office of the chief state s attorney; state of connecticut department of banking; greenwich police department and stamford police department. citizens are encouraged to report any financial fraud schemes by calling, toll free, 855-236-, or by sending an email to email today s announcement is part of efforts underway by president obama s financial fraud enforcement task force ffetf which was created in november to wage an aggressive, coordinated and proactive effort to investigate and prosecute financial crimes. with more than federal agencies, u.s. attorneys offices and state and local partners, it s the broadest coalition of law enforcement, investigatory and regulatory agencies ever assembled to combat fraud. since its formation, the task force has made great strides in facilitating increased investigation and prosecution of financial crimes; enhancing coordination and cooperation among federal, state and local authorities; addressing discrimination in the lending and financial markets and conducting outreach to the public, victims, financial institutions and other organizations. over the past three fiscal years, the justice department has filed more than ,000 financial fraud cases against nearly ,000 defendants including more than ,700 mortgage fraud defendants. to report financial fraud crimes, and to learn more about the president s financial fraud enforcement task force, please visit .
__label__non_math	1.0000	washington -- idrissa bassoum, a former resident of cincinnati, ohio, pleaded guilty today in federal district court in cincinnati to aiding in the filing of false tax returns for others and filing his own false tax return, the justice department and internal revenue service irs announced. bassoum has been held since his arrest on . according to court documents, bassoum began offering tax preparation services under the name bassoum s consulting service bcs in february , operating out of his residence and catering primarily to immigrants. bassoum prepared and electronically filed tax returns for his clients that included inflated or fictitious expense deductions, such as moving expenses, which resulted in his clients claiming fraudulent tax refunds. bassoum took his fees out of his clients fraudulent refunds. despite preparing hundreds of tax returns for his clients during tax years and , bassoum failed to report any of his fee income on his personal tax returns. bassoum received at least ,771 in unreported fee income during tax year . judge sandra s. beckwith, who is presiding over the matter, did not schedule a sentencing date. bassoum faces a maximum sentence of nine years in prison and a fine. the case was investigated by irs - criminal investigation division and is being prosecuted by tax division trial attorneys jorge almonte and sean r. delaney.
__label__non_math	0.9997	fresno federal courthouse the fresno office of the united states attorney's office for the eastern district of california serves the counties of calaveras, tuolumne, stanislaus, mariposa, merced, madera, fresno, kings, tulare, inyo and kern. the fresno office is located in the middle of the fertile san joaquin valley, also known as the central valley, which is a major supplier of food and agricultural products for the united states and the world. this area also includes national treasures such as yosemite national park and sequoia-kings canyon national forest. fresno is one of the fastest growing cities in california, due in part to its central location to major tourist areas in california. as a result of the increasing population growth and the expansion of urban areas, fresno and surrounding communities have been impacted by the same types of crimes which usually accompany large urban areas. unfortunately, the central valley is one of the nation's largest producers and suppliers of methamphetamine. the office works closely with the drug enforcement administration, the california bureau of narcotics enforcement, and local law enforcement agencies to prosecute these cases. also due to its growth, fresno has become a rich environment for financial crimes, such as bankruptcy fraud, advance fee ponzi schemes, and bank fraud. in addition, fresno and the surrounding counties are locations in which many illegal aliens reside. the fresno office prosecutes over 240 cases per year involving individuals illegally in the united states, all of whom have prior felony convictions. the office also prosecutes crimes related to the internet, such as child pornography, along with a variety of other types of cases including bank robberies, environmental crimes, and firearms offenses. the fresno office is staffed by criminal and civil ausas.
__label__non_math	1.0000	st. louis woman pleads guilty to charges of conducting multimillion dollar fraudulent investment scheme from swansea, il stephen r. wigginton, united states attorney for the southern district of illinois, announced that on , victoria mcgee-harris, , of st. louis, missouri, plead guilty to one count of mail fraud and one count of engaging in a monetary transaction over 250,000., or both, and a term of supervised release of up to three years with mandatory restitution. sentencing has been scheduled for . victoria mcgee-harris d b a metro east insurance group, was a licensed insurance agent and securities broker registered with tower square securities, inc., a metlife company. she operated out of offices located in swansea, illinois. as part of the plea, mcgee-harris admitted that from january through january , she engaged in a scheme to defraud her clients by enticing her clients into paying money for various investment products and insurance products she never purchased on her clients behalf. as part of the plea she admitted that she diverted, deposited and commingled the funds she obtained through her fraudulent schemes into accounts she controlled at various banks. she then diverted the commingled client funds for her own personal use, to increase her personal wealth and possessions, to travel to various destinations, to purchase and rehab rental properties, to finance the operation of a chain of clothing stores d b a essential elements chesterfield, mo , essential elements ladue, mo and elements of denim clayton, mo , to pay personal expenses and to fund investments on behalf of her clients. the information to which the defendant pled guilty alleges that mcgee-harris diverted a total of ,045,000.in client funds. the plea follows an investigation by the illinois securities department, the internal revenue service criminal investigations and the united states postal inspection service. the prosecution of the case is being handled by assistant united states attorney norman r. smith. people who believe they have been a victim of securities fraud should contact the illinois securities department at -800-628-. if you suspect or know of an individual or company that is not complying with the tax laws, you may report this activity by contacting the local internal revenue service criminal investigation office at 618 622- or by mailing information to: internal revenue service, fresno, ca .
__label__non_math	1.0000	city of dallas to pay .million to resolve allegations that it caused improper medicare and medicaid ambulance claims dallas the city of dallas has agreed to pay the u.s. and texas .million and enter into certain compliance obligations to resolve allegations that it violated the civil false claims act and texas medicaid fraud prevention act, announced u.s. attorney james t. jacks of the northern district of texas. the u.s. and texas contend dallas caused upcoded claims to be submitted to medicare and medicaid for city-dispatched 911 ambulance transports between and . dallas fully cooperated with the investigation, and by settling did not admit any wrong-doing or liability. ambulance services generally are coded either as basic life support level or advanced life support als . als transports are reimbursed at a higher rate by both medicare and medicaid. the u.s. and texas contend dallas directed its billing contractor to code every 911-dispatched transport at the als level, which indicates an als service was furnished and or the patient s condition necessitated an als intervention. the u.s. and texas believe dallas caused to be submitted for payment claims falsely representing to medicare and medicaid that such als services were appropriate and furnished by dallas personnel when in fact no als-service was rendered and or the patient did not require an als transport. the u.s. and texas initiated the investigation in response to an august whistleblower suit brought by douglas moore, a former employee of dallas auditing department. under the false claims act and texas medicaid fraud prevention act, private individuals may bring actions alleging fraud on behalf of the u.s. and texas and collect a share of any proceeds recovered by the suit. mr. moore can receive up to of the recovery under the settlement. u.s. attorney jacks praised the efforts of the office of inspector general of the u.s. department of health and human services and fbi. any time false claims are submitted for payment, the nation's health insurance programs suffer, said special agent in charge mike fields of the oig s dallas regional office. our hhs oig investigators will continue to work closely with our law enforcement partners to identify providers who improperly receive crucial medicare and medicaid dollars. the case was handled by assistant u.s. attorney sean mckenna, assistant texas attorney general sinty chandy, and oig senior counsel ellen slavin. the case is captioned united states of america, et al. ex rel. moore v. city of dallas, et al. civil action no. -cv--o n.d. tex. . investigations of other ambulance providers remain ongoing. training and seminars for federal, state, and local law enforcement agencies. help us combat the proliferation of sexual exploitation crimes against children.
__label__non_math	0.9982	i have been to new york, cyberspace and dimensions between and beyond with this guy. an open mind, and inquisitive, loving nature yoni can be fun. but he goes deep, no doubt, he's an idea brother, responsible for introducing me to amiri baraka, who inspired me to write forging culture. cornel west, too. he's the only person at swarthmore who's read any howard rheingold justin's links by justin hall: contact
__label__math	0.9960	in a recent python project where i was sending multiple messages per second of data over a basic socket, i had initially just grabbed the cpickle module to get the prototype proof-of-concept functioning properly. cpickle is awesome for easily serializing more complex python objects like custom classes, even though in my case i am only sending basic types. my messages were dicts with some nested dicts, lists, floats, and string values. roughly 500- bytes. cpickle was doing just fine, but there came a point where i wanted to investigate the areas that could be tightened up. the first thing i realized was that i had forgotten to encode cpickle in the binary format the default is ascii . that saved me quite a bit of time. but then i casually searched online to see if any json options might be better since my data is pretty primitive anyways. i found ultrajson, which is a pure c json parsing library for python, and ran some tests. there are benchmarks on the project page for ujson, as well as other articles on the internet, but i just wanted to post up my own results using a mixed type data container. ujson came out extremely fast faster than cpickle in binary
__label__non_math	0.9994	angelina jolie has the marino munchies mom-to-be angelina jolie in catherine malandrino is yummy in yellow as she makes her way into italian eatery marino ristorante in beverly hills on thursday afternoon. cooper shoulder bag in smooth calf and cream by anya hindmarch, flats by repetto. while at the council on foreign relations in washington, d.c. earlier this month, angie, , revealed that she felt kicking suddenly in the middle of the event. she added, it is a very special time in our lives. pictures inside of angelina jolie leaving marino restaurant
__label__non_math	0.9997	zac efron leaves london zac efron bounces out of his hotel and heads for heathrow airport in london on friday march . the -year-old rising star was in town for the premiere of his movie, again. he commented about the enthusiasm of london, saying, it s insane. this is the biggest one yet. it s so crazy pictures inside of zac efron leaving london
__label__non_math	1.0000	vanessa hudgens: non-stop kissing austin butler miley cyrus: maxim hot 100 party austin butler brendan dooling: cw upfronts 'the vampire diaries' gradaution speeches big love on-screen sisters bella thorne and amanda seyfried snap a quick pic together at the big love season four premiere party in los angeles earlier this week. read more here
__label__non_math	0.9986	vanessa hudgens: non-stop kissing austin butler austin butler brendan dooling: cw upfronts 'american idol' winner season revealed 'the vampire diaries' gradaution speeches chloe moretz is pretty in black as she arrives at the x and girl rising d.j. night at the hollywood roosevelt hotel s teddys on tuesday february in read more here
__label__non_math	1.0000	whether enjoying the scenic vistas or the gently lapping waves on the pearly white shores of western maui, there is no better setting for a celebration than ritz-carlton kapalua. ritz-carlton kapalua and kapalua resort partners are proudly presenting a large array of food enthusiast and culinary connoisseurs delights in this year s kapalua wine and food festival. presented by visa, the 31st annual wine and food festival is featuring host michael a. jordon, winemaker heidi peterson barrett, epicurean dinners, proactive panels, and much more. highlighting the farm-to-table movement that has taken the island by storm, including a gastronomically glamorous grand tasting that includes several local and family restaurants pulling out all the stops to showcase their tasty talents, the event is not to be missed. our property is once again proud to offer a stunning backdrop for such a high-caliber connoisseur s event, stated tom donovan, vice president and general manager of the ritz-carlton, kapalua. this year s unique collaboration of a kapalua-centric chef showcase on friday night is going to be an outstanding demonstration of innovative talent within kapalua resort. an entire weekend of wine tastings, educational seminars, and exclusive access to vineyard selections, the kapalua wine and food festival is a wonderful experience for both seasoned veterans and festival newcomers. the signature finale event, the kapalua seafood festival, makes for hot tickets that are highly sought after. the celebraiton is june -this year on the beautiful shores of maui. tickets are available at home to events such as the celebration of the arts, make sure to and schedule a spa treatment while on property at ritz-carlton kapalua as well. from coast to coast and on the island itself, ritz-carlton continues to bring the best of the best to patrons around the world. originally posted on examiner.com
__label__non_math	1.0000	enter the e-mail address of the person you want to send the link to, your name and your e-mail address. separate multiple e-mail addresses with commas. recipient's e-mail address: your e-mail address: sign me up for regular email updates on the latest trends, ultimate destinations hottest deals on exclusive products and services.
__label__non_math	0.9970	jewelry of italian actress gina lollobrigida sets records at sotheby's auction sports recreation event event time:see website for scheduled times san jose, ca the event, held annually since , is the nation's most prestigious figure skating event, with past winners including such skating luminaries as michelle kwan, kristi yamaguchi, brian boitano and scott hamilton. national champions will be crowned in events: ladies, men's, pairs and ice dancing at the senior, junior and novice levels. this marks the 11th time the state of california has hosted the event, and the second time the city of san jose has played host. the first time was in , when hometown hero rudy galindo thrilled those in attendance with a performance still regarded as one of the greatest and most memorable in the history of the championships. hp pavillion 525 west santa clara street san jose , ca tickets can be purchased online las vegas, nv the world series of poker is held annually at the rio hotel and casino. the most famous poker tournament in the world, ... read more the dad vail regatta, the largest collegiate rowing event in america, takes place along the schuylkill river in ... read more del mar, ca elegance, excitement, excellence - these are the hallmarks of the del mar national horse show, one of the oldest and ... read more
__label__non_math	1.0000	thank god for broke ass boys and huge college expenses. their hard times bring us hard cocks. we hand out the cash and you enjoy the action. description: welcome back to another edition of broke college boys. you will be excited to see that we have some popular boys with us here at broke college boys. today we have jake woods and zack randall with us. permanent link to this video: code to embed player in blogs and forums, etc: post this video in the jub forums with this code: simply copy the above code into your jub forum post and the movie will appear.
__label__non_math	1.0000	to proactively represent the computing, communications, and information technology concerns of the faculty, staff, and students in visioning, policy setting, and strategic planning at the university level. to provide timely input, advice, and feedback to the vice provost for academic services and technology vpast on policy, proposals, implementation projects, and other information technology related issues. to be a catalyst within the university community in adapting technology to meet the mission of the university as the needs of the people of the state of kansas evolve. values: as an organization representing the interests of many groups and individuals... ksu information technology advisory and policy structure. important dates. dates of meetings, sponsored events, and k-state technology calendar. council membership. current and past members of citac. documents. minutes and reports, both draft and completed, of council discussions and conclusions. references. reference material, including reports from other organizations.
__label__non_math	0.9992	note to editor: this is the first in a series of news releases about the color purple in honor of kansas state university's founding on . news release prepared by: greg tammen, 785-532-, email monday, the power of purple: rock music's roots run deep with purple, professor says manhattan -- ask steven maxwell what the color purple means and his answer is simple: turn the volume to and open your mind, because purple is rock and roll in its prime. "artistically purple is a descriptive word, and i think that's why it's been adopted by some successful acts in the music world," said maxwell, assistant professor of music at kansas state university. in maxwell created a class about the history of rock and roll, where he teaches about the genre's evolution and its relationship to history. "the really cool thing about rock and roll is that it ties into the american culture and really reflects what's going on in the country," maxwell said. "it serves as the voice of the common person and has been associated with some important historical moments in the u.s. it was a part of that voice in the civil rights movement in the '60s and used in protest of the vietnam war in the '70s." rock music's history runs purple, with the color being adopted by some of the most influential musicians. "think of the deeper concept of what a song like 'purple haze' means, especially when it first came out," maxwell said. "the late '60s was all about looking at things differently. jimi hendrix perfectly captured that psychedelic era in the country, that time of opening the doors of perception in one's mind and really looking at something on a deeper level." he said the "purple" hendrix is referring to is that new, unknown, almost analogous way of thinking. "metaphorically, purple was a blend between the standardized 'primary colors' introduced by mainstream society in the 1950s and mid-1960s," maxwell said. other artists, such as deep purple and prince, adopted the color because of its ambiguity in the musical soundscape and pop culture. deep purple was one of the pioneers of hard rock and heavy metal, maxwell said. the group was the first rock band to record with a full concerto orchestra, as well as the first to turn the volume to , a feat earning them the title of the world's loudest band by the guinness book of world records in . and then there's the song "smoke on the water." "when that song came out it was such a fresh thing," maxwell said. "no longer was the focus just on the lyrics. that guitar riff made the music as important as the words. today most people don't remember the lyrics but they know that guitar lick." in prince released "purple rain," an album that took the newly introduced music video to the next level as a full-length film. the album also introduced prince's backing band. the revolution, an apt title due to the soundtrack's revolutionary nature, maxwell said. the album has since been seen as an avant-garde piece of work and has been named one of the greatest albums of all time by outlets like time magazine, rolling stone, vh1 and others. "purple's taking the softness of blue, the loudness of red, and meeting in the middle to make things a little ambiguous. it's a blend of those two primary colors and is therefore a different way of looking at things," he said.
__label__non_math	0.6439	federal direct graduate plus loans the federal direct graduate plus loan is an educational loan for graduate and professional students enrolled in at least credit hours per semester. you do not have to demonstrate financial need to be offered a federal direct graduate plus loan as part of your financial aid package. the maximum annual loan amount is based on your cost of attendance minus other financil aid received. if you would like to apply for the federal direct graduate plus loan, you should complete, sign, and submit the correct loan application to the osfa. the interest rate for federal direct graduate plus loans is a fixed rate of . . interest begins to accrue on the date of the first disbursement until the loan is paid in full. an origination fee of . of the loan amount is deducted proportionally each time a loan disbursement is made. up-front interest rebate for federal direct graduate plus loans disbursed between and , borrowers no longer will receive up-front interest rate rebates. federal direct graduate plus loan eligibility - although the federal direct graduate plus loan is a non-need based loan, federal regulations do require a student to have completed a fafsa to be eligible for this loan. - the borrower must pass a credit check as part of the application process. note: if you apply for the federal direct parent plus loan and are denied from borrowing the loan due to credit reasons, you will be notified by the u.s. department of education and provided with the opportunity to obtain an endorser for the loan. if you choose to use an endorser, the u.s. department of education will notify the osfa upon approval of the endorser. - the first-time borrower must complete a loan entrance counseling session and a master promissory note.
__label__non_math	0.9999	posted at: updated at: by: steph crock city approves to add slatterly park vision plans to the books abc news -- a neighborhood in rochester has been working on a vision plan for years. that way, as the downtown expands, they'll be prepared. at wednesday night's city council meeting, the slatterly park neighborhood association asked council to add their plans to the books. it's something those with the group have been working on for about three years. they're not asking for any big developments, but more so a plan to have in place as the city grows. this neighborhood is right next to the downtown and they said things like the billion expansion project proposed by mayo clinic are only going to stretch the downtown's boundaries. they're calling it a vision plan, where if any private developers come along, they won t be caught off guard. "some of the points that we looked at were mobility. how people move on the streets, and the trail systems with the neighborhood, and connecting better into to the downtown. we also looked at home and yards and market places, looking at where potential redevelopment can happen," said wayne flock with the slatterly park neighborhood association. council voted in favor to incorporate the plans into their zoning books for future use, so when private developers come forward, they can use this as a tool to see what fits best with that neighborhood.
__label__non_math	0.9993	indiana university soccer star orianica velasquez is on a mission to get to the london olympics with colombia's women's soccer team. and she wants to send a message about the country where she was born. "my dream is to get a medal for colombia," she says, adding that she wants to show the world "it's just not violence, it's just not drugs we can play soccer and we can do great things because we have great people there." credit jim commentucci the post-standard landov what's plentiful in upstate new york? cows and prison inmates, to name a few things. reformists in the two communities don't make natural allies, but organizer lauren melodia is trying to do just that. "i was living in this prison town, and at the same time, the dairy industry was in a lot of turmoil," melodia tells the salt. "we thought this dairy might be the perfect ally in trying to build a different economy in upstate new york, and shift some of the economic dependency away from the prison system."
__label__non_math	0.9960	and the operational deployment of the west african regiment on the outbreak of war in august the allies quickly moved against german possessions in west africa. togoland was seized see: and the large colony of kamerun was attacked. in kamerun initial british attacks across the nigerian border were repulsed by the germans, but an amphibious assault on douala seized that port on 27th september . the allied commander, brigadier general sir c.m. dobell cmg, dso, then ordered two columns to move north and attack susa and yabasi sometimes spelt as jabassi. yabasi lay miles kilometres up the wuri river which was navigable. the royal navy was tasked column commander was brevet colonel e.h. gorges dso, the commandant of the west african regiment. colonel gorges force consisted of a land party under lieutenant colonel e. vaughan manchester regiment and west african regiment who commanded: sections of mountain artillery, one section each coming from the sierra leone battery and the gold coast battery, west african frontier force waff . plus machine guns from the west african regiment companies half of the pioneer company of the gold coast medical detachments and 688 porters. the royal navy, under commander the honourable b.t.c.o. freeman-mitford, was a flotilla comprised of: mole a dredger armed with a -inch gun. dreadnought a lighter also mounting a -inch gun. balbus a steam tug that towed the dreadnought and carried three -pounder guns. boat from hms cumberland, armed with one -pounder gun and a machine gun. the steam launches sokoto, crocodile and alligator, each armed with one machine gun. gun and detachment for employment on land. guns and crews came from hms challenger at the west african regiment war in sierra leone was one of the royal navy s most important harbours and bases, and it needed an effective garrison. white troops sent there were decimated by fever and had to be replaced by battalions of the west india regiment from the caribbean. internal unrest in sierra leone caused the british to raise a local infantry regiment in the colony in titled the west african the war was an imperial unit; that meant that its cost was born by the british war office and not by colonial revenues raised in sierra leone. the regiment s primary role was to defend the colony s capital freetown, but it was also available for operations anywhere in the world. the regiment raised twelve companies of infantrymen from tribes in the sierra leone interior. the unit strength was: british seconded officers, british seconded non commissioned officers ncos and ,500 african rank and file. the regimental march was rule britannia. in the early days the regiment was dressed in a blue single-breasted tunic with five gilt buttons and standing collar, knee-length baggy blue breeches, a low red fez for headdress and a brown belt with two pouches. boots and gaiters were not issued or used. the soldiers were armed with the .303-inch lee metford magazine rifle. soldiers were wearing a khaki flannel smock and calf-length breeches, but the men still fought in bare feet. the rifle in use was the short magazine lee enfield, and two machine guns had been issued to the regiment. in kamerun the red fez was replaced by a green kilmarnock hat and the belt and pouches were replaced with m08 web equipment. in pre-war days the war had deployed five companies into the interior of sierra leone, and had stationed the regimental headquarters and seven companies at wilberforce, outside freetown. the west african regiment should not be confused with the sierra leone battalion of the west african frontier force, which was a colonially-funded, directed and administered unit. the approach up the wuri river up-river started on 7th october and was enlivened by canoe-loads of villagers trying to cling on to the vessels to get a free ride. some of the canoe men climbed aboard the royal navy craft to search for removable objects, and they had to be ejected. as the long snake of vessels, led by the flagship mole, passed bosida the king head chief of the region came aboard for a visit. he had been hiding in the bush for three days as the withdrawing germans were hanging anyone in authority who was thought to favour the allies. left: the wuri river at yabasi as nsake fort was reached, miles kilometres south of yabasi, the flotilla came under enemy rifle fire. machine gun and -pounder fire sprayed and bombarded the fort in reply. a company of war disembarked and seized the fort which was found to be empty. local villagers advised that the enemy had quickly withdrawn up-river to yabasi. deployment into action at yabasi defenders of yabasi were the 1st depot company of the schutztruppe supported by local policemen and local europeans. knowing that the british flotilla was on its way towards them they had planned a sound defence, and they wanted to fight. into the flotilla s sight at hours on 7th october, and shortly afterwards the effects of the hot tropical sun began to be felt by the entire british column. the mole and the dreadnought bombarded yabasi town whilst the troops disembarked on the west side of the river. the east side was thought to be too swampy and no british troops landed there. this was a big mistake. ordered lieutenant colonel vaughan to advance with a main body of companies and the machine gun section war, the gold coast pioneers and the gold coast mountain artillery. the remaining sub-units and the naval -pounder gun were held in reserve. at this time the flotilla noticed enemy movement on the east bank. a message was despatched to colonel gorges but it either did not arrive or was ignored. lieutenant colonel vaughan was now ordered to seize a mound south of the town whilst captain e. s. brand royal fusiliers and war led a left-flanking attack see sketch map . the mound was evacuated by the enemy and the british occupied it. machine gunners on both sides of the river opened fire on the flotilla and on the british troops on the mound. enemy rounds hit the gun mountings on the vessels, forcing commander freeman-mitford to withdraw his flotilla down-river out of range. this denied colonel gorges the naval gun fire support that he had been counting on. the tug balbus had disobeyed orders and pushed her way too far upstream, and as she withdrew she ran aground on an island and had to be abandoned. the navy was now pre-occupied other loose items. things were going disaster on the british left flank ordered the naval -pounder to be dragged onto the mound by the naval gun detachment and some accompanying royal marines. he then went to inspect his left flank attack, as it appeared to be the troops on the left flank were in disarray. they had advanced through a swamp to a river which could only be crossed by one bridge. german machine gunners had a clear field of fire from yabasi and were knocking down anyone approaching the bridge. captain brand was dead along war and colour sergeant hector mcguirk king s own yorkshire light infantry and war . lieutenant r.d. bennett middlesex regiment , the war machine gun officer, was severely wounded. twelve african soldiers had also been killed and others wounded; many of these casualties were war machine gunners. on the river five british sailors had been left: captain ernest stanley brand on the left flank were now either thrashing around in tall elephant grass or were unwilling to face the german machine guns. tactical unity had been lost. a company of the 1st nigeria regiment was ordered to mount another flanking attack with the intention of going further to the west and getting onto ground beyond the bridge. but direction was lost in the thick, swampy bush and the nigerians emerged behind the war instead of in front and to the left. colonel gorges now turned to what he perceived to be his trump card, the naval detachment on the mound; here he found the men prostrated with exhaustion. having no real idea of the physical demands made by bush warfare, the naval detachment had thought that it could haul the -pounder gun and ammunition without the assistance of local porters. to compound this situation the detachment had been ordered into action wearing heavy marching order. the result was that although the -pounder was on the mound, the gunners were too exhausted to man it efficiently and the marines were too exhausted to fight forward. as dusk was now approaching a british retirement was ordered. the men re-embarked and the flotilla, less balbus, sailed back down-river to nsake for the night. it then returned to douala. the second british attack on yabasi ordered an immediate second assault on yabasi. the war was rested and colonel gorges was given another column the nigerian mountain artillery battery less one section waff. battalion the nigeria regiment under lieutenant colonel j.b. cockburn royal welch fusiliers and nigeria a composite battalion consisting of companies of the sierra leone battalion waff and companies of the gold coast regiment waff, under lieutenant colonel r.a. de b. rose worcester regiment and gold coast regiment, waff . medical detachments and 450 porters. flotilla, again under commander mitford, was similar to the previous one but this time 100 porters accompanied the -pounder gun. october the composite battalion was landed on both banks of the river at nsake and advanced. officers patrols located the enemy near yabasi also on both banks of the river, as before. the following morning 1st nigeria regiment less one company , one section of gold coast pioneers, the nigerian mountain gunners and the naval -pounder detachment were landed on the west side of the river south of yabasi. lieutenant colonel cockburn was tasked with getting behind and to the north of yabasi by making a wide left flanking approach. the remainder of the column was held afloat by colonel gorges so that he could reinforce either bank of the the british troops on both banks were in contact with the enemy who was fighting a withdrawing action. the flotilla provided fire support and by hours yabasi was encircled. one hour later the british held all the enemy trenches. ten enemy prisoners were taken by 1st nigeria regiment. the british had lost men wounded and one british nco who died from the effects of the sun. on the 15th october british patrols ascertained that the germans were retreating towards nyamtam, and there was some inconclusive skirmishing. the flotilla successfully salved the balbus, although it had to be sent to nigeria regiment was left to garrison the yabasi area and the remainder of the column returned to douala. the british dead from the first attack were buried in douala cemetery. at yabasi the british troops learned to respect german machine gunnery. experience acquired the hard way during the failed first attack helped the second attack to succeed. african regiment continued operating in kamerun and was a useful unit. after the conquest of the territory the war provided garrison troops for kamerun, togo and gambia, and internal security troops for northern nigeria. during the great war british officers and non commissioned officers were killed in action and others were wounded or injured; african soldiers were killed, died of disease and were colonel gorges was appointed to be a companion of the most honourable order of the bath cb and a commander of the most excellent order of the british empire cbe . two officers in the war were awarded military crosses. five british officers and eight sierra leonian soldiers were mentioned in despatches. being imperial troops the soldiers in the war were unfortunately not eligible to receive the african distinguished conduct medal dcm which was awarded to waff soldiers, and none were considered for the imperial dcm. honours awarded to the regiment were: sierra leone ; ashanti ; cameroons ; and duala. in the regiment was disbanded as a cost-cutting measure. at the time of disbandment the prince of wales was the colonel-in-chief. this was sad end to a colonial imperial unit that had served britain well. the great war in west africa by brigadier general e. howard gorges cb, cbe, dso. official history. military operations togoland and the cameroons by brigadier general f.j. moberly cb, csi, dso. the history of the royal west african frontier force by colonel a. haywood cmg, cbe, dso and brigadier f.a.s. clarke dso. the naval review . imperial sunset. frontier soldiering in the 20th century by james lunt. colonial armies. africa to by peter the empire at war by sir charles lucas kcb, kcmg.
__label__non_math	1.0000	this article was originally distributed via prweb. prweb, worldnow and this site make no warranties or representations in connection therewith. explore talent announces new blog, "jessica simpson gives birth to baby girl, maxwell drew" according to e los angeles, ca prweb exploretalent, a premier online social-network for talented individuals in the entertainment industry, announced a new blog on their news site today, titled, "jessica simpson gives birth to baby girl, maxwell drew," according to e the new parents posted an announcement on simpson's official site, where simpson wrote, "eric and i are elated to announce the birth of our baby girl, maxwell drew johnson. we are so grateful for all of the love, support and prayers we have received. this has been the greatest experience of our lives we bet that simpson is elated to start getting back to her regular size. on jimmy kimmel live in march, the singer said, "i feel like i have a bowling ball sitting on my hoo-ha explore talent is a professional site that connects actors, models, musicians and dancers in the united states. the company posts blogs on their site so that members can stay up to date on celebrity news. the online community has been responsible for new collaborations and business ventures in entertainment. explore talent is responsible for countless models and actors trying out for acting jobs and modeling jobs and finding out about various casting calls. explore talent also helps aspiring entertainment professionals further their careers with contests that showcase their profiles to members of the social media community. furthermore, the explore talent site features celebrity videos, exclusive interviews with actors, actresses, and musicians, such as joan rivers, usher, akon and t-pain. explore talent's proprietary software and vast infrastructure is the most advanced entertainment-based technology of its kind. the site's popularity is based on the fact that there are many ways for talent to network, make friends and connect with other industry players, participate in wide variety of contests and earn prizes for being active on the site. the easy access to a pool of over six and a half million members attracts industry players who are posting every month about ,000 new auditions and job openings which is times more than any other site. for more information, please visit for the original version on prweb visit:
__label__non_math	0.9984	borrow from another library our library is connected to other libraries throughout the state and nation. if you can't find an item in this library, ask library staff to help you get it from another library. our library buys the books and materials that we think are most wanted by our community. because of limited resources and space we can t buy everything that is published, but we can usually get it from another library. this is called inter-library loan. our library is part of a vast network of participating libraries that are willing to loan out materials to other libraries. if we don t have the book, cd, dvd, video or magazine that you are looking for, ask the staff to get it for you from another library. there is a .charge for this service, to help offset shipping handling costs. most of the items are delivered to our library in -days. the loan periods vary, but you are able to keep most items at least weeks. the staff will inform you of the loan period when you pick up the item. our library uses silo interlibrary loan to borrow items from other iowa libraries and oclc interlibrary loan to borrow items from libraries around the united states and other countries.
__label__non_math	0.9999	what would you cook if you had two food bloggers coming for dinner? that was the decision i had to make for saturday night, when vanessa from she craves and erin from erin eats came to dinner at my house. as far as we know, the three of us are the only food bloggers in the salt lake area, and possibly the entire state of utah. any other utah food bloggers lurking out there? i made curried chicken on the grill with cilantro chutney. the chutney was from california courtesy of my stepsister karyn, who recenty sent me this fabulous black and white plate making its first appearance on kalyn's kitchen. in the background you can see asparagus prepared the perfect way to cook asparagus from simply recipes. i also have a link to that asparagus recipe from elise in my veggie archives. it's such a simple and wonderful recipe. we also had brown and wild rice with pine nuts. this was something i first made for the dinner for my stepmother a few weeks back. i know i keep promising this recipe, and truly, it's coming this week for a salad, i chose arugula and sweet mini-pepper salad, a combination i first came up with for one of sweetnicks arf tuesdays. this is another super-easy but amazing tasting recipe. erin brought mascerated berries with vanilla marscapone for dessert, and it was fabulous. head over to erin eats to get erin's recipe for mascerated berries with vanilla marscapone. i don't think it's overstating it to say that vanessa and i were completely blown away by this dessert. the dinner was a lot of fun. we had a great time together, eating, dishing about all the blogs we read, comparing notes on the trials and tribulations of writing a food blog, talking about politics in utah, and making plans for a monthly get-together. we're thinking dinner at the red iguana next time, since erin hasn't been there and vanessa and i both love the place. stay tuned for the continuing adventures of the utah food bloggers south beach diet recipes low glycemic index recipes
__label__non_math	0.9992	updated and added to recipe favorites january this is one of the phase one recipes you could find in the new index of south beach diet phase one recipes from kalyn's kitchen, and i first featured it on the blog in january . since then the recipe has accumulated a lot of fans. a faithful reader recently told me that she makes it every time she does phase one, and mentioned it deserves be a recipe favorite. then i made it over the weekend for my annual new year's day soup party, and a lot of people there raved about it too. when i went to lunch today with my friend bonnie she told me her husband george loved this soup at the party. the signs from the universe are clear; it's time for this soup to be officially made a recipe favorite. when i pick recipes to add to recipe favorites i usually look forward to updating the photo with a better one, but this time when i looked at the post i liked the original photo for this soup too, so i'm keeping it. i always eat this with sour cream, and i remember when i photographed it the first time i couldn't get the sour cream to look right so i used a photo without it start by heating the oil, then cooking the ground beef until it's well-browned. don't rush this, because browning adds flavor. this is the batch of soup i was making for the party, so in these photos the recipe is doubled. while the beef is browning, start simmering the two kinds of stock, canned tomatoes, sauerkraut, splenda or brown sugar, worcestershire sauce, bay leaves, parsley, and dried sage. when the beef is well-browned, add it to the soup pot and let the soup continue to simmer. heat more olive oil in the frying pan and saute the chopped onions -minutes, then add the minced garlic and saute -minutes more. add the onions and garlic to the soup and simmer on low about one hour. you want the sauerkraut to soften until it's almost melted into the soup. after an hour taste the soup to see if it seems too strong and add some water if needed. simmer a little longer if you add water. season to taste with a generous amount of fresh-ground black pepper and serve hot, with or without sour cream. ground beef and sauerkraut soup about servings; i know i was inspired by a recipe i saw somewhere, but i can't remember where i saw it lb. very lean ground beef less than fat -tsp. olive oil depends on your pan cup chopped onion one large onion t minced garlic or less if you're not that fond of garlic cups homemade chicken stock or oz. can chicken broth oz. cans beef broth oz. can diced tomatoes with juice i like muir glen organic fire roasted tomatoes oz. can sauerkraut with juice or use bottled sauerkraut cup water if needed t splenda or brown sugar use splenda for south beach diet t worcestershire sauce -dried bay leaves t minced parsley or -t dried parsley tsp. rubbed sage fresh ground black pepper to taste in heavy frying pan, heat tsp. olive oil, add ground beef and brown well, breaking into small pieces with turner. this will take as much as ten minutes but don't rush the browning step. while ground beef browns, combine chicken stock, beef stock, canned tomatoes, sauerkraut, splenda or brown sugar, worcestershire sauce, bay leaves, parsley and sage in large stock pot. bring to a low simmer. when beef is well browned, add to soup in pot. deglaze pan with a bit of the soup liquid, scraping off any browned bits, and add to soup. wipe out frying pan and add other tsp. olive oil. saute onions -minutes, until starting to soften, then add garlic and saute -minutes more. add to soup, reduce heat under soup pot and let soup simmer at low heat about one hour. after an hour, taste for seasoning and add water if soup seems too strong. simmer minutes more if adding water. season to taste with fresh-ground black pepper before serving. serve hot, with sour cream if desired. south beach suggestions: for me this would be a perfect phase one lunch or dinner for the south beach diet. if you wanted a more substantial meal, serve with a phase one salad such as balsamic spinach salad with gorgonzola and hard-boiled eggs or chickpea garbanzo bean salad with tomatoes, olive, basil, and parsley. when you get to phase two, you could eat this with some white whole wheat bread with olive oil. more delicious phase one soups from kalyn: leftover roast beef italian stew goulash soup with red pepper and cabbage italian sausage and bean soup with chard spicy pinto bean soup with ham, tomatoes, and cilantro vegetarian lentil soup with spinach, tomatoes, and cumin there are lots more options listed with phase one soups, stews or chilis.
__label__non_math	1.0000	stating, as the new democrats did in a wednesday press release, that provincial changes to allow movie patrons to drink liquor "will help address issues that have been plaguing local movie theatres" is overstating it a bit. it's going to take a lot more than the ability to serve liquor to help turn around an industry that is fighting pirated films available online, pay-per-view tv and services like netflix all which already let people to watch shows in the comfort of their livingrooms with a drink in hand, if they choose. but it was time that the province modernized its laws in this regard, despite fears by some that allowing theatres to serve alcohol in "adult only auditoriums and adjacent lobbies" will mean a night at the movies will be spoiled by a bunch of slobbering drunks. "when they're showing a film, if there's only adults, they can actually take their drink to their seat," said minister rich coleman. "if they're just going to a normal live event or film festival where children will be in attendance . . . they'll be able to have a drink in the lobby, but not take it to their seats." theatres will be required, as restaurants similarly are, to adhere to a multitude of rules that will essentially try to govern over-consumption and if they are found to be operating outslde these guidelines, their licenses will be yanked. licencees, managers and servers will be required to take a serving it right course, which teaches how to recognize signs of impairment, responsible beverage policies and issues of legal liability. so catching a movie shouldn't become be a free-for-all by drunken louts just as it isn't at hockey games where children attend and adults are already allowed to drink beer. what it will do is give a struggling industry, which includes two theatres in kamloops that pay taxes, the opportunity for a new revenue stream, both by way of the liquor sales and the potential for new patrons who might choose to attend and enjoy a glass of wine with their movie popcorn. we say editorials represent the viewpoint of the daily news and are written by editor robert koopmans, city editor tracy gilchrist, news editor mike cornell or associate news editors dan spark and mark rogers.
__label__math	1.0000	con is the normalised value that has been calculated from the measured co reading. measured com measured o2m local regulation requires normalisation to o2. o2r x .minus o2r .minus o2m x .minus .minus . x . .
__label__non_math	0.9957	eagle digital subscriptions this is the williams family. most people living in nicodemus are descendants or related to this original settler's family. the caption is left to right. charles, henry first baby born in nicodemus , clara, bottom row charles sr., emma, neal. link to image angela bates family courtesy jesse sturm was a civil war veteran who came from west virginia to caldwell, kan., to homestead in . sturm family courtesy jesse sturm was a civil war veteran who came from west virginia to caldwell, kansas to homestead in . he died in . early kansas settler anton wasinger, far right, with other volga germans. kansas state historical society courtesy leavenworth, lawrence galveston railroad bridge across the kansas river in lawrence. alexander gardner kansas state historical society railroad promotions boasted the bountiful land and opportunities that awaited in kansas. courtesy of special collections and university archives, wichita state university libraries special collections and university archives, wichita state university libraries building of st. joseph catholic church, damar, kan. franklin antone rothenberger-contractor rothenberger family courtesy photo poster advertising for black settlers to move to the nicodemus area in north-central kansas, at the african american history museum. mike hutmacher the wichita eagle building of st. joseph catholic church, damar, kan. franklin antone rothenberger, contractor. . iva claytor rothenberger in doorway , viola mark-rothenberger with paul laverne rothenberger franklin antone, franklin laverne and victor donnel rothenberger at the bill gillette house, first and adams, osborne, kan. related story: the settlement of kansas: railroad hype drew settlers
__label__non_math	1.0000	the price of a hip replacement, a common elective procedure in the u.s., is hard to find and costs vary widely, complicating patients ability to comparison shop, a study found. only percent of hospitals surveyed were able to provide pricing information for both hospital and physician costs, according to research published today in jama internal medicine. when hospitals and doctors were contacted separately, full pricing was available for another percent. the prices given varied almost -fold across the hospitals, the paper shows. as more americans are asked to foot a bigger portion of their health-care bill, being able to make price comparisons is essential, said the study s author, peter cram. the findings show the obstacles patients face as they try to save money on medical bills while not sacrificing quality, the authors said. hospitals, they aren t used to this request, said cram, an associate professor of medicine at the university of iowa carver college of medicine in iowa city, in an interview. our finding should inspire people to the fact that you should ask about prices even if you have insurance. people should demand more. out of the million surgical procedures performed in the u.s. in , 327,000 were for hip replacements, according to the centers for disease control and prevention. the prices given to the researchers ranged from 105,000 for total hip replacements at top-ranked hospitals and 125,798 at the other facilities, the study showed. cram said the price differences could be because some hospitals were factoring in more amenities like a private room even though they asked for the best price, or the hospitals had a hard time figuring out just what the price was. just having price information does us no good because you have to understand what you re getting for that price, is it good quality or poor quality, said ezekiel emanuel, chairman of the department of medical ethics health policy at the university of pennsylvania in philadelphia, in a telephone interview today. in an accompanying editorial, emanuel said doctors, hospitals and insurers will be able to use this data, along with information on quality, to help health-care costs. researchers in the study randomly selected two hospitals from each state and washington, d.c., that performed total hip replacement. they also contacted the top-ranked orthopedic hospitals from the u.s. news world report rankings. each hospital was called between may and july and asked for the lowest complete price for both the hospital and physician fees for an elective total hip replacement. the caller would say the procedure was for her -year-old grandma who didn t have insurance but was able to pay out of pocket. they found that nine of the hospitals that were top ranked by u.s. news world report and of the other hospitals were able to give complete prices for both the hospital and doctor fees for the surgery. pricing information was also available from three additional top-ranked hospitals and other hospitals when the facilities and doctors were called separately. emanuel said it s upsetting that hospitals and providers can t provide consumers with a total price particularly for elective procedures. it is time we stop forcing people to buy health-care services blindfolded and then blame them for not seeing, he wrote in his editorial. the transparency imperative is here, and one way or another the public will soon be empowered to choose their health care based on reliable data on price and quality. hospitals have a uniform set of charges and consumers deserve helpful information, though they need to understand that what they ll ultimately pay depends on their insurer, said elizabeth lietz, a spokeswoman for the washington-based american hospital association. more than states already require or encourage hospitals to report information on hospital charges or payment rates and make that data available to the public, she said. sharing meaningful information, however, is challenging because hospital care is unique and based on each individual patient s needs, lietz said in an e-mailed statement. to get the most meaningful information, we encourage consumers to talk with their physician, hospital and insurance company.
__label__non_math	1.0000	a.m. - p.m. weekdays; a.m. - p.m. weekends. call 816.513. for more information. zoological district resident jackson clay county mo pricing is only .seniors, .adults; .children ages -. and under are free. located in swope park at zoo drive, kansas city, missouri. just off i-435 and us-highway, the zoo is easily accessible from any part of the metropolitan area. 816.513. click tickets above to buy online the success of the kansas city zoo depends in large part on the active participation of the corporate community. we need your leadership, your involvement and your investment in the zoo. in turn, the zoo can provide you with remarkable opportunities for publicity and promotion, sales and sampling, and hospitality. as kansas city s family outing venue according to 'ingram s magazine' and voted the best children s attraction by the kansas city convention and visitors association, the kansas city zoo provides year-round relevant interaction with more than 725,000 visitors and more than ,000 friends of the zoo members annually. for over 100 years, the kansas city zoo has engaged the community and region with more than ,000 endangered and exotic animals, local and global wildlife conservation efforts and educational programming and special events that have reached generations of curious minds. we welcome the opportunity for your company to join the kansas city zoo to provide another 100 years of wonder and discovery for many visitors to come. corporations can become involved with the kansas city zoo in many ways including: thank you to bayer healthcare llc, animal health division for sponsoring the kansas city zoo's veterinary residency program for . through this sponsorship, our veterinary resident, dr. meredith persky is able to work towards her board certification in zoological medicine at the zoo. this residency program is only one of in the world of this kind. only 500 remaining... the kansas city zoo has a successful breeding program that has resulted in two births over the last decade.
__label__non_math	0.9999	a.m. - p.m. weekdays; a.m. - p.m. weekends. call 816.513. for more information. zoological district resident jackson clay county mo pricing is only .seniors, .adults; .children ages -. and under are free. located in swope park at zoo drive, kansas city, missouri. just off i-435 and us-highway, the zoo is easily accessible from any part of the metropolitan area. 816.513. click tickets above to buy online may i check on the status of my application? no. each year, the kansas city zoo receives more than ,500 applications for employment. due to the large volume of applications received, we will be unable to contact every applicant and cannot accept follow-up or status-check phone calls. you will be contacted if your education, professional experience, and skill set match a current need. how much do zoo positions pay? most seasonal guest service roles pay between per hour. most entry-level, full-time-administrative, and functional roles begin at per hour. i m pink because i maintain color from the foods i eat.
__label__non_math	0.9997	what's cookin'? pumpkin treat the family to dinner from the jolly squash happy autumn cans ounces diced tomatoes with liquid can ounces crushed tomatoes to pounds smoked turkey wings or smoked turkey drumsticks can ounces solid-pack pumpkin can ounces mexican-style hominy, drained, rinsed garnishes: roasted pumpkin see recipe , chopped cilantro, thinned sour cream or shredded cheese . heat tablespoons oil in a large - to -quart dutch oven over medium-high heat. add pork in single uncrowded layer; sprinkle with teaspoon salt. cook, turning, until browned on all sides, about minutes. transfer to a plate; continue to brown all pork, adding more oil if needed. transfer all pork to plate. . add bacon, onions and carrots to pan. cook over medium heat, stirring often, until onions are golden, -minutes. stir in garlic and both chili powders; cook, stirring, minutes. stir in broth, diced and crushed tomatoes and smoked turkey. heat to a simmer; reduce heat to low. cook, partly covered, stirring often, about minutes. . stir in canned pumpkin; simmer minutes. . stir in browned pork and hominy. simmer until pork is barely cooked through, about minutes. remove turkey wings or drumsticks. if desired, pull turkey meat without skin into shreds and return to chili. season with salt, usually about teaspoons. . serve chili in wide soup bowls with assorted garnishes. per serving for servings : 312 calories, g fat, g saturated fat, mg cholesterol, g carbohydrates, g protein, ,349 mg sodium, g fiber. diced pumpkin ranks as one of my favorite vegetables to oven- or grill-roast. the only difficult task is removing the tough rind. start by cutting off the stem end just as if you were making a jack-o'-lantern. then cut the pumpkin in half through the stem end. remember that cutting through the tender flesh is easier than through the tough skin, so always insert the knife into the flesh rather than into the skin. a serrated grapefruit spoon makes easy work of removing the seeds and fibrous interior. remove the skin carefully with a very sharp paring knife. cut the flesh into -inch cubes and use within a couple of days. toss the fresh pumpkin cubes with oil and season generously with salt. oven-roast in a single layer on a heavy-duty baking sheet, turning the cubes often, until tender. to add a golden crust, turn on the broiler for a few minutes. to grill-roast pumpkin, place the seasoned and oiled cubes onto a grill pan and cook over medium heat. alternatively, cut the pumpkin into large -inch thick slices and cook over indirect heat on the grill until tender and golden, about minutes.
__label__non_math	0.9995	by grant meech kwch eyewitness sports cst, wichita state trailed only once in a dominating -win over drake, wednesday night. fred van vleet broke out of for a point performance, his best game in a shocker uniform. the freshman came off the bench to spark a -run to close out the first half up -. more important to the win, wichita state regained sole possession of the lead in the missouri valley conference after creighton lost to uni, -in cedar falls, iowa. carl hall had another double double, finishing the night with points and boards. officiating was an issue in the first half but wasn't indicative of the final score. the shockers out rebounded drake -and controlled the tempo of the game all night.
__label__non_math	0.9994	great bend, kan. - on , longtime statehouse associated press journalist john hanna wrote an article entitled "regents budget scrutinized," about funding for higher education in kansas. hanna interviewed a ku student named kevin yoder from hutchinson, who said he was concerned "whether he, his friends and other young people will be able to afford to attend college." yoder, a political science major, told hanna: "students are always getting new fees." thirteen years later, kevin yoder is chairman of the kansas house appropriations committee. and his concern for college students paying "new fees" has vanished. kevin yoder is a bright, successful lawyer. he obviously worked hard to get where he is. while he and his parents are to be commended for his success, yoder, like all of us, got some government help along the way. yoder was a state champion debater at hutchinson high school. his debate coach, richard young, told the hutchinson news in that yoder and his debate partner, brandon neuschafer were outstanding: "we ought to get senator bob dole to fly these two to washington for a debate on the floor of the senate. i mean that." "mid-kansas debate teams place first," hutchinson news, . the high school debate topic that year was health care. and, according to the article, yoder and his partner "have taken a keen interest in president bill clinton's proposal." yoder's debate partner neuschafer pointed out: "we supported a u.s. health care system modeled after hawaii, and reformed malpractice." neuschafer continued: "through our research, we found that, to us, it's the best health care system we could find. my opinion is that the clinton plan will fail. it takes the bad points of a lot of different systems and puts them together into a monster failure." i don't know whether the hawaii health care system is good or bad. my article isn't about whether yoder was right or wrong to push for the hawaii model. after all, this is high school debate. i was a member of the great bend high school 4a state debate championship team in , and i would hate to be held accountable for every thing i said in hundreds of debate rounds. instead, this article is about how kevin yoder benefited from a superb public high school, hutchinson high school. and then after graduation, yoder graduated from another superb public school, the university of kansas. he received his b.a. and law degree from ku. and the tuition back in the 's was a lot lower than it is now, because the legislature back then believed in helping kansas students get a leg up in life. after yoder graduated from law school, a seat in the kansas house of representatives opened up in . by then, yoder had ditched the democratic party, and ran as a moderate republican. in fact, he worked as an intern for moderate republican legislators david adkins and dean newton. so far so good. a change in parties, but not a big change in ideologies. i wish the story ended there. but when yoder saw a chance to replace retiring democratic congressman dennis moore in the 3rd district, he took an abrupt right turn that could induce political whiplash. yoder now rails against the evils of government at tea party rallies, and does not care about college students, or k-students, any more. a far cry from the democratic political science student back in the 's, worried about increasing fees for college students. i had never heard of yoder until he picked a fight with my friend governor mark parkinson during this legislative session. after parkinson had cut a billion dollars out of the budget, parkinson indicated that we needed a tax increase to avoid additional cuts doing permanent damage to kansas schools, colleges, roads and infrastructure. but yoder called parkinson's ideas "reckless" and "shocking." governor parkinson has the moral high ground, and the veto pen. parkinson's commitment to the common good wouldn't make him a popular speaker at a tea party rally. but i know he is sincere, informed, and has no selfish motives. there is nothing wrong with switching parties, or switching ideologies, if you do so out of personal conviction. but yoder's new "tea party" persona seems very opportunistic, and doesn't seem to represent his core values. rep. yoder is unwilling to let the students of today have the same quality of education that he received at hutchinson high school and the university of kansas. with a congressional seat within his grasp, this is no time for compassion. i don't like people who climb the ladder of success through public education, and then want to tip the ladder over on the peasants below. yoder's main rival for the republican nomination is patricia lightner, a former legislator who has been a staunch conservative for years. and i commend her for being true to herself, for not being a political weather vane. lightner deserves the anti-government "tea party" votes, and yoder knows it. she deserves every conservative endorsement out there, because she has lived it. the way yoder is raising money, he may well become a congressman, and then maybe a senator. imagine yoder debating on the u.s. senate floor, just like his high school debate coach envisioned.
__label__non_math	1.0000	district plan review submissions on the proposed district plan and specified coastal environment provisions have now closed and are now being summarised. to learn more about the proposed plan, go here. the resource management act requires each provision of a district plan to be reviewed every years and much of the current plan has not changed since it was completed in . communication with stakeholders and interested parties on draft district plan provisions took place in july through to october . the proposed district plan was notified on november for formal submissions and hearings. information sessions were held throughout the district in early february . submissions on all provisions except coastal hazards closed on march . submissions on coastal provisions closed on april . any proposed changes would only come into effect after submissions are evaluated and hearings are held over the next year. provisions that are subject to appeal may be amended if necessary and come into effect later. if you have any questions or comments about the district plan review, please call the sustainable development manager on 700 or email firstname.lastname proposed k piti coast district plan proposed district plan for notification - officers report to regulatory management committee, november pdf, pages, 159kb news and publications frequently asked questions
__label__non_math	1.0000	around the world board game click on image for larger view grades - . increase vocabulary and literacy skills while encouraging cultural diversity
__label__non_math	0.9233	giant number stamps click on image for larger view years up. make learning about numbers and counting fun with this set of stamps, numbers -. features include comfort grip handle and see-thru top and plastic storage case. each stamp measures " in diameter.
__label__non_math	0.9981	years up. children will love to play in this bright purple, green and orange multicolor tent. ties on front door allows for easy opening and closing. durable and long lasting polyethylene waterproof floor. storage bag included. measures " x " x " assembled.
__label__non_math	0.9999	play-doh pack years up. unlock imagination and creativity with this fun pack. twenty-four -ounce cans of play-doh compound will keep your toddler occupied for hours notice to parents: contains wheat. non- toxic
__label__non_math	1.0000	truck charges and information all orders with a truck item will be charged at the truck rate. please allow to business days for truck delivery. orders designated for truck delivery are not eligible for expedited shipping next day or 2nd day air or for delivery to po boxes or apo fpo addresses. here's some important information you need to know if your order is shipping via truck: - someone must be present to receive your shipment. the trucking company will not deliver the shipment without a signature. - trucking companies usually call before attempting delivery. that's why we ask for your phone number when you place an order. we won't share it with anyone other than those responsible for handling your order. - be prepared to help unload your order from the truck when it arrives. although most drivers are really nice people, their union contracts often do not require them to help you unload the truck. if you think you will need help, arrange for it in advance. - the boxes may be a little beat up when they arrive. don't be alarmed - count the boxes before you sign the delivery receipt. if any of the cartons are missing, make a note of it on the delivery receipt before you sign it.
__label__non_math	1.0000	prism bricks set of years up. big and chunky rainbow colored building bricks ideal for building luminous creations on light tables. includes an assortment of transparent bricks to create figures, vehicles, robots or your own creations. includes storage jar, building base and building ideas. express delivery surcharge we add a surcharge for expedited delivery of a few items because of their weight, size or dimensions. this charge is in addition to our base shipping charge for next day or second day air.
__label__non_math	1.0000	just a quick one, i know i haven t been here for ages. i just wanted to inform anyone who still visits here through all the dust and tumbleweed that i have not died, nor has this blog. far from it, in fact while things have been hectic over the past few months, i am happy to inform everyone that it s finally here. wish fulfillment volume , my comic, is available to buy at lulu.com. it s dollars and it is 150 pages. it includes up to the end of comic . anyway, the link is here: enjoy, and have a very happy holiday
__label__non_math	0.9999	roseville, minn. - the twin cities salvation army says saturday's one-day red kettle campaign likely raised more than ,000. the money will help pay the heating costs for families and low-income seniors. annette bauer with the salvation army says all of the red kettles won't be counted until monday morning. however, it is estimated that people donated between ,000. others went online and donated an additional ,000. last year, nearly thousand families asked for help to pay for heating costs in the cold minnesota winter. the salvation army only had enough money to help ,200 families.
__label__non_math	1.0000	minneapolis -- before you get annoyed that another non-local chain is moving into uptown, really think about what it can do. it can drive business to the mom and pop's that are right next door. "small business and big business can cohabitate together and be very successful and play off of each other," uptown business association executive director maude lovelle said. come friday, clothing giant h m will open up for business at calhoun square. the ,000 square foot store will definitely attract the shoppers. and those shoppers may just spill out of that store and head for the locals like penzey's spices or kitchen window. and beyond that, look at the big picture for calhoun square. "it definitely has had its highs and lows," lovelle said of the mall's year existence. as of now, calhoun square is at a percent capacity. that is quite a turnaround from just a handful of years ago when businesses were racing to leave the mall that folks joked people went into but never were heard from again. "a lot of people hung in there with what they thought would be a greater and better uptown and they have been right," lovelle said of the developers who chose to stick with this plan. in just the last three years, the big names have produced the steady stream of shoppers. the apple store, cb2 and now h m will bring business to the uptown area. those crowds then attracted locals to open the republic bar and restaurant inside of calhoun square. and not just the new, but the old is becoming new in the area too. this year saw the uptown theatre doing a major renovation and come spring of , the walker library will be brand spanking new. "the mix is just, it surprises me some days it's just so fun," lovelle said of all the activity.
__label__non_math	1.0000	denver, co sports network - the bcs presidential advisory committee and group of commissioners unanimously approved the final details monday on a four-team playoff for the football bowl subdivision post-season. the new playoff system, which was approved in june, will begin in the "today's meeting is a unanimous ratification of what we announced last june in washington, d.c.," chairman of the presidential oversight committee charles steger said. "i'm delighted that additional details have been resolved and that everything is on track so fans can enjoy the post-season they've been asking for. college football, with its great regular season, is strong and popular -- it's about to get stronger and more popular." the group agreed to: - lock-in a four team seeded playoff. the teams that will play will be chosen by a selection committee. - create three "contract bowls" and three "host bowls" as part of the post- season format. the highest-ranked champion from the five conferences that are not in contract bowls will be guaranteed a spot in a host bowl. - share revenue, for the first time in college football history, based on academic performance as part of the funding formula. - share revenue with a higher portion of revenues going to the conferences of the four teams that qualify for the playoff and participate in the other games. distributions will also be made to conferences whose teams don't qualify for either a contract or host bowl. since the new format is projected to be so popular, there will be more revenue for all conferences and - move forward to complete a television rights agreement for the new format. - begin hiring staff so the new structure can begin operating. "this format is good for college football in both the short-term and long-term and i think it's great for the game," executive director of the bcs bill hancock said. "the four-team playoff will be wonderfully popular and because fans can't get enough college football, the other bowls will benefit too. i'm proud of how everyone came together and that agreement has been reached." the name of the new structure, details of the selection committee and location the sports network
__label__non_math	0.9750	space space shuttle-3rd edition space shuttle-3rd edition the eighty year history of developing reusable lifting-reentry spacecraft. from the early works of eugen sanger in germany to the cold war developments in the us, then finally to the ultimate experiment - the space shuttle. to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the first space shuttle launch, this greatly enlarged third edition adds many previously uncovered early designs, details the latest modifications to the operational vehicles, and provides expanded coverage of the first 100 space shuttle missions. search for more items by this author: dennis r. jenkins space shuttle-3rd edition from specialty press
__label__non_math	1.0000	designed as a small village with well kept gardens, three swimming pools and a minute walk away from the beach phuket orchid resort and spa blends beach and thai culture to offer a complete experience. centrally located on karon beach phuket orchid resort and spa is near enough to the entertainment and beach culture, but secluded in a village design with lush tropical gardens. the resort offers a convention center as well as its three well designed swimming pools and unique thai hospitality. other activities such as scuba diving, trekking, and island day trips are available at request. the 525 rooms resort is ideal for families as it offers family rooms and a kids pool. the rooms overlooking the swimming pools, gardens, or sea are designed in the contemporary thai-style. phuket orchid resort and spa welcomes you to our village.
__label__non_math	1.0000	and he that strengthens him with his hand keeps the commandments. and in turn, repay your neighbor promptly. and on every occasion you will find what you need. and cause trouble to those who help them. and will lower his voice in speaking of his neighbor's money; but at the time for repayment he will delay, and will pay in words of unconcern, and will find fault with the time. and will regard that as a windfall. if he does not, the borrower has robbed him of his money, and he has needlessly made him his enemy; he will repay him with curses and reproaches, and instead of glory will repay him with dishonor. they have been afraid of being defrauded needlessly. and do not make him wait for your alms. and because of his need do not send him away empty. and do not let it rust under a stone and be lost. and it will profit you more than gold. and it will rescue you from all affliction; it will fight on your behalf against your enemy. but a man who has lost his sense of shame will fail him. and has shaken them like a wave of the sea; it has driven men of power into exile, and they have wandered among foreign nations. and pursues gain will fall into lawsuits. but take heed to yourself lest you fall. and clothing and a house to cover one's nakedness. than sumptuous food in another man's house. and where you are a stranger you may not open your mouth; and besides this you will hear bitter words: and if you have anything at hand, let me have it to eat." my brother has come to stay with me; i need my house." scolding about lodging and the reproach of the moneylender.
__label__non_math	0.9999	posted: by ian auzenne a eunice man is in the acadia parish jail and charged with counts of child molestation. deputies say -year-old kenneth chatagnier, jr., turned himself in after a warrant was issued for his arrest. deputies say they began their investigation in june after a complaint was filed. at the time, chatagnier faced one count of molestation of a juvenile. further investigation led the district attorney's office to file additional counts against chatagnier. he is being held on bond.
__label__non_math	0.9988	posted: by katie durio updated: the vermilion municipal narcotics task force served warrants this week for several narcotics related incidents. many of these arrests are due in fact to undercover operations that have been in effect for several months. the following persons were arrested for the week of - jerome willis dob , of martin luther king dr. abbeville, la arrested for one count of possession of marijuana and one count of possession of cocaine. total bond for willis was set at ,000. - gerald mire jr. dob of cherokee st. abbeville, arrested for one count of possession of marijuana bond was set at ,000. - dexter henderson dob of 703 8th st. abbeville la, arrested for possession with intent to distribute crack cocaine. upon agents taking henderson in to custody it was found that he had another pill bottle with several rocks of suspected crack cocaine. total bond was set at ,000. - roland campbell jr. dob of 205 perry dr. abbeville, la, arrested for possession of drug paraphernalia and resisting and officer and two counts of contempt of court. total bond was set at ,000. sheriff mike couvillon, abbeville mayor mark piazza, abbeville chief of police tony hardy, commends the narcotics task force for a job well done. finally, sheriff couvillon would like to applaud the concerned citizens of vermilion parish for their awareness and assistance in helping the sheriff's office in fighting the war on illegal drugs. he would like encourage all citizens with information in regards to illegal drug activities to contact the vermilion parish sheriff's office or the vermilion parish municipal narcotics task force at 337-740- or e-mail the task force anonymously at email and your e-mail will be held in the "strictest of confidence" and replied to in a very timely manner. more information on reporting drug activities can be seen on our web site at click on narcotics or task force for this information.
__label__non_math	1.0000	oops, your search found items for: "" try your search again using these tips: - double-check the spelling or try varying the spelling. - limit your search to one or two words. - use a more general search term to find similar items. contact customer careif you can't find what are you looking for, why not let us recommend similar products? our customer care team is available now to assist you.
__label__non_math	0.9996	train your brain to keep resolutions why do so many of us have trouble keeping our new year's resolutions? certified emotional intelligence consultant, susan zabriskie says that typically, we set new year s resolutions from the perspective of what s wrong with us. we look at our deficiencies. she had some steps you can take to train your brain to keep those resolutions for good we focus on weaknesses, fear, being "realistic," or dwell on what happened in the past and what went wrong. sympathetic nervous system: the good news is that we can take the opposite approach and stimulate a neural pathway that will work for us rather than against us. this approach focuses on envisioning our strengths first, then contemplating our ideal self, our aspirations and dreams. what we really want to be, to learn, to realize. thinking in these terms arouses the: parasympathetic nervous system: key is to spend time imagining our self as our ideal, with our goals already achieved. important point: this is true for personal goal setting as well as employee development plans that focus on fixing deficiencies. employees will be much more motivated and engaged if working towards ideals, rather than fixing weaknesses. - think in terms of launching a learning agenda for yourself rather than an improvement plan and set goals around what it is you want or need to learn in order to achieve your ideal. create a step-by-step plan, breaking goals down into doable increments important: don t call it a resolution or a goal. think of it as intentional change . remember to stay focused on the positive and ideal your brain will kick into a gear that is empowering and make it that much easier to achieve success to find out more about what susan has to say click here.
__label__non_math	0.9999	cleveland ap -- the browns may strike quickly to get chip kelly, oregon's coach who does everything in a hurry. kelly, whose up-tempo, fast-paced offense has captured the imagination of several nfl teams and maintained the ducks' status as a national power, appears to be near the top of cleveland's list of candidates to replace pat shurmur, fired earlier this week after going -in two seasons. according to several reports, browns ceo joe banner is already in arizona and intends to interview kelly, who is preparing the fifth-ranked ducks for thursday night's fiesta bowl against kansas state. an interview could take place as early as friday. kelly has been deflecting questions about his future all week. he did so again on wednesday when he was asked if he expects to be contacted by nfl teams in the days ahead. "i don't expect anything," said kelly, -in four years at oregon. "i said this a million times. i'm never surprised by anything. i do not know what the future holds. i do know we have a football game tomorrow night and i'm going to be there." after that, his next stop isn't certain. kelly and alabama's nick saban are the hottest commodities in the college game. it's possible that new browns owner jimmy haslam may make a strong run at saban, who worked in cleveland as an assistant under bill belichick in the 1990s. saban would not be available for an interview until after next monday's bcs title game, and the browns could risk losing out on kelly if they wait that long. the philadelphia eagles are also believed to be interested in kelly, who came close to taking tampa bay's job last year. browns safety t.j. ward knows the -year-old kelly as well as anyone. ward, who walked on with the ducks, believes his former coach is ready to make the leap to the pros. "i think the players in the nfl would respect him and they will respect how he approaches you," ward said. "he lets you do your job. in college, he treated us like pros. i think that's what players respect and appreciate about him." it is not known if haslam is with banner in arizona. haslam said earlier this week that only he and banner know which candidates may become cleveland's sixth coach since . the browns, who have lost at least games in each of the past five seasons, are not confirming any interviews. on tuesday, the browns interviewed arizona defensive coordinator ray horton, who said his meeting with the team was "fantastic." horton's interview satisfies the rooney rule, which requires teams to speak with a minority candidates for head coaching and senior football operation positions. haslam and banner made it clear that their next coach will have final say of the team's -man roster, a perk that could entice kelly to leave oregon. kelly's pedal-to-the-metal offensive system is intriguing to the browns and other teams who have already borrowed aspects of oregon's no-huddle, go-go-go approach. during the offseason, kelly met with belichick to share insight. belichick has acknowledged using a few tips from kelly, including the use of one-word play calls to speed up the patriots offense. "he's a great coach," ward said. "you can see what he's doing at oregon. i think he has what it takes to be successful in this league. whoever they pick, chip is a great option. he's a great motivator. he comes in and he knows what he wants to do and he gets his players to play for him and play hard. "he has a great scheme, great system. he's a high-energy coach." if kelly comes to cleveland, he may have to adjust his system to fit quarterback brandon weeden, who can throw the ball with anyone but doesn't have the speed to run a spread offense. "i don't think i can run the zone read," weeden said, smiling. there are some who doubt kelly's system can work in the nfl, arguing that it's a trendy gimmick that will be exposed by bigger, faster and stronger defenders. kelly was asked if he thought it could work at the next level. "don't know, haven't been there," he said. "there's a lot of ways to play football. any coach is going to learn from other people and see how they can implement it in their system. anything you do has to be personnel driven. you have to adapt to the personnel you have." banner believes some elements of the spread offense are transferrable to the nfl. "the game evolves and there is always some stealing from college into the pros and some stealing from going in the other direction," he said. "you probably can't just take a pure nfl system and put it in college and have it work and you probably can't just take a purely clean current college system and put it in the pros and have it work. "but that doesn't mean there are things that the right coach could integrate from both systems that could work very well at this level." cleveland also must replace general manager tom heckert, who was fired after three seasons. however, banner said it's possible the browns may hire a player personnel director, giving the coach ultimate power.
__label__non_math	0.9887	why is it that we the consumers must suffer the wars between micro soft corporation and apple? why can't they just grow up instead of blocking those that chose one os over the other. but then again , maybe microsoft likes all the suits. i believe that we the consumer has the right to decide between what os to use and or browser to use with out having to suffer the ill effects of a corporation deciding for us on what we can use and can not use. after all isn't that what is called freedom?
__label__non_math	0.9994	martin maisonpierre, 212-704-811, firstname.lastname, edelman barb pruitt, 816-932-, email, kauffman foundation authors say a free agency for inventors will get innovations to the market faster and create jobs, benefit consumers, researchers and universities kansas city, mo. creating an open, competitive licensing system for university innovators is one of harvard business review's "ten breakthrough ideas for " and the brainchild of researchers at the ewing marion kauffman foundation. the free agency solution is one of the ideas that hbr says "will make the world better." current restrictions imposed by u.s. research universities on the ways their faculty can commercialize federally funded discoveries are slowing the diffusion of new technologies, according to the article by robert e. litan and lesa mitchell published this week in the january-february issue of hbr. these limitations are detrimental to the u.s. economy and universities themselves. "we know that there are many vital innovations and discoveries languishing in university labs because of a suboptimal licensing system at many universities," said litan, vice president for research and policy at the kauffman foundation. "one simple amendment to the bayh-dole act would allow faculty members to choose their own licensing agents experts and bring these discoveries to market quickly. unleashing this kind of innovation will lead to the creation of new companies and new jobs. " most universities channel commercialization through centralized technology licensing offices established in the wake of the passage of the bayh-dole act of , which granted universities the rights to intellectual property stemming from federal research dollars. over time, according to the authors, too many of these offices have become monopolies that slow the process of commercialization due to the constraints of the current system. "we have a massive bottleneck of innovation on our campuses. even though federal funding from the national institutes of health has more than doubled over the past years, the number of new drug approvals has fallen from to a year down to ," said lesa mitchell, vice president for innovation at the kauffman foundation. "as the federal government dedicates billions of dollars in research funding to clean energy, we cannot let this pattern be repeated." mitchell and litan argue that if faculty members can choose their own licensing agents, the increased competition would speed up the commercialization of new technologies while still allowing universities to collect the same royalties as under the current system. both lesa mitchell and robert litan are available for interviews via satellite or phone. to obtain a print copy of the hbr article, send a request to firstname.lastname
__label__non_math	1.0000	entry forms will run in the daily sentinel november - december . registration is free and entry forms must be received by friday, dec. judging will take place tuesday, dec. , and contestants and winners will appear in the sunday, dec. edition. for more information please contact nacogdoches convention visitors bureau at 936.564.
__label__non_math	0.9992	there is no reason for anyone in angelina county to be hungry because cisc will give them food. some people come only once because they had an emergency that took all their food money. some elderly run out of money because of medicine bills, etc. and need to come more often. cisc is here to help. additional assistance in other areas of need are given also. the christian information and service center is open monday through friday to a.m. at 501 e. angelina street in lufkin. anyone that lives in angelina county can come each week of they need food. cisc free food
__label__non_math	0.9993	birch box is a monthly subscription service where you pay a month receive one box each month. the box is full of beauty goodies and extra lifestyle bonus. i first heard about this through youtube thought it sounded like such a great fun idea that i'd try it out so onto the goodies : ... list of everything that came in my box - sample of amika obliphica nourishing mask - a conditioning mask that boosts shine and even helps repair split ends - befine - sinkcare sampler. an exfoliator and moisturizer duo that uses gentle ingredients like rice brown sugar to keep skin supple healthy - wonderstruck taylor swift perfume sample. let me just tell you this perfume smells amazing - zoya nail polish size bottle - lifestyle extra tea bags, so excited about this being the extra because i love tea if you guys are signed up for birch box let me know what you got in your box this month - kayla :
__label__non_math	0.9791	boise, idaho kboi - hey, kboi news morning meteorologist, bob anthony, how cold is it? "it's really cold," he said. here are some interesting facts about the treasure valley's cold snap. - we haven't had a daytime high in boise more than degrees since we had a high of degrees jan days - monday will probably be the fifth day the high for boise will only be in the teens. - normal high temp for jan. is degrees. the normal low degrees. - only days so far in jan in boise have had highs above freezing jan. through jan - it's so cold, water fountains in town are doing this. - all boise overnight lows have been in the single digits or below zero since jan . days - the low temperature monday morning of -is the coldest temperature in boise since when we got down to -. it's the coldest temp in boise in more than three years. - the -also means this is the third day in a row with a sub zero low -on sat and sun am - all but two days in january have been below normal with average daily temps -degrees below normal. - currently the average monthly temp for boise is .. this is the third coldest jan since behind .in and .in - we haven't hit degrees for a high in boise since jan . haven't hit degrees since .
__label__non_math	0.9999	unlimited network of opportunities international corporation or uno is a convergence of the finest network marketers in the country today as they offer new opportunities, conquer new challenges and welcome new partners in this impressive and generous way of extending help to millions of filipinos here and abroad. uno is a dynamic marketing company engaged in the distribution of health enhancing natural products and other services that address the needs of modern living. uno is ran by top network industry leaders whose credibility has been years in the making. in its forefront are top-caliber professionals and successful network marketers with several years of experience in leverage marketing. uno takes on to deliver a performance breakthrough it is definite that uno is poised to be among the major players in the industry of network marketing. all the vital elements to drive in a new curve of new markets and technologies are present. they equip every network marketer the convenience of simultaneously marketing fast-moving health and wellness products and providing educational-services hub in the form of online college review classes and mobile phone loading system. it is very much in the interest of uno leaders that todays challenges be fulfilled without divisions and delays, and that is to serve the new consumer.. duration : :
__label__non_math	1.0000	on one of the many days leo dunson wanted to die, the iraq veteran put a gun to his temple and pulled the trigger. the loaded weapon misfired. for the troubled former soldier, it was another inexplicable failure, like his divorce or inability to make friends after returning from the war. in a las vegas recording studio, dunson rapped about his life: "what's wrong with me? got ptsd. these pills ain't working, man, i still can't think." one in six iraq and afghanistan war veterans suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder in , according to the department of veterans affairs. some committed suicide. others are receiving mental health services at military hospitals. many more are like dunson and have refused help, according to research by the department of veterans affairs' national center for ptsd. dunson, who was discharged from the army in and diagnosed by the military with ptsd, uses his music to examine his disappointment with veteran life. it is the only thing keeping him alive, he said. he refuses to attend counseling or visit his local va hospital. the use of music to heal war wounds is part of an emerging field of alternative treatment being embraced by military officials eager to help veterans suffering from ptsd. in wisconsin, new jersey, california and other states, government doctors in recent months have launched experimental music therapy programs that rely on the smoothing sounds of classical or acoustic music to help veterans get well. but dunson, now , isn't listening to serene tunes in some quiet room. his self-treatment is violent images and words, the gritty marriage of a genre born in low-income, black neighborhoods and the horrors of a foreign war. he made five albums in four years, all focused on his training and service as an infantryman. thousands of fans followed him on facebook, twitter and youtube, where he posts his songs. he enrolled in college, hoping to pursue a career in public service. this year, dunson moved into his first bachelor apartment. and still, he describes himself as a man without happiness or friends. "you are like, what the heck did i do to deserve this?" he said. in his music, dunson recalls pressing a gun against an enemy's mouth, becoming an alcoholic and hitting his wife. he laments learning how to kill when he was only years old. "i'm back and forth in my head and i don't know what's wrong," he raps in "ptsd." ''at nights i shake. i feel like a stranger is in my home. me and my wife can't get along." on a different record, he confessed: "my mind ain't been put to rest. and they wonder why all i talk about is these bullets and how a trigger of a gun i want to pull it and how badly my military training i want to misuse it." in yet another song, dunson expressed the words he would never tell his family: "honestly, over there, i wish i had died." he was when he enlisted, eager to make a difference and serve his country after the terrorist attacks of sept. . he grew up in the army, meeting the mother of his only child near his base in alaska. in iraq, it was difficult to sleep. dunson said he worried he would wake up in an insurgent's makeshift torture chamber. there were plenty of signs he was drifting far from the good-natured child his family says he once was. one day, he and his fellow soldiers pretended to arrest an iraqi boy. as the child cried, the soldiers taunted him, according to video dunson took that day. dunson said it was a joke. his assault rifle became his life, he said. he held it while he ate and slept and fired toward crowds of iraqis when he felt threatened. one day, he took his gun and put it to his friend's head. they laughed and someone took a photo. through it all, dunson worried about the man he was becoming. when his sergeant urged him to kill anything in sight one day, he balked. "this is crazy," he recalled thinking. the life he had left was gone. after serving in iraq, dunson came home to a tense relationship with his wife. she denied cheating on him, but later took their daughter and moved in with another soldier. dunson plotted to kill them, convinced he could easily dispose of their bodies in the alaskan wilderness. in less than a year, he was arrested four times for various domestic abuse charges, he said. "i felt angry and out of control, like i don't know what i might do angry," he said. he moved to las vegas and stayed on his cousin's couch. though he had once been close with his family, dunson stopped visiting or telephoning his other relatives, certain they were disappointed in him. "i feel like they are saying, 'oh, he lost his wife, he is crazy. oh, he went to war.' not saying it, but in their heads, they are saying it the whole time, like i don't fit in," he said. the faces of the men he killed the husbands, fathers and brothers haunted him. even after his ex-wife moved their daughter to las vegas to be near him, her happy facebook musings about holiday celebrations and weekend activities upset him. on several occasions, he climbed to the roof of an empty condominium tower and stared at the concrete below, willing himself to jump. latonya williams, , said the changes in her once easygoing cousin are stark. "he was never violent before," she said. "he was the center of my family. everyone loved him. he had the best jokes and the best sense of humor ... and when he came back he was a completely different person. he's not the leo that everybody knew him to be." dunson has a youthful face and a muscular body. when he speaks, he appears friendly and well-mannered, a sharp contrast to the rage in his music. he works as a security guard at night and then goes directly to class most mornings. on the weekends, he visits with his daughter. through his music, dunson explored his desire to kill and die. he found a producer and director to make his albums and videos more professional. soon, he was performing concerts at bases and veterans events. "music has always been my therapy," he said. concetta tomaino, executive director of the institute for music and neurologic function in new york, has used music to treat victims of dementia, trauma and gang violence. she said patients respond to music from their youth or happier days. rap might help ptsd victims process the violence they experienced in conflict, she said. "if a person has had a traumatic experience and can vent that in music, that can be very positive," she said. "anybody who deals with people in some trauma will tell you the most damaging thing to do is suppress it." dunson said he hopes his music helps other veterans confront their ptsd, even as he struggles with it himself. "i lost it all, not just my wife and daughter, but my mind," he said. "if i had died over there, i would have got a -gun salute, everybody would praise me like i was a king. what do i get now?"
__label__non_math	0.9997	huntsville -- tanya hooser went -for-and knocked in six runs including a three-run double to end the game with a run-rule in the bottom of the fifth inning as sam houston state defeated northwestern state in the second game of a southland conference softball doubleheader saturday. the demons won the first game of the doubleheader -. sam houston state -, slc - clinched a second place regular season finish with the victory in the nightcap. the bearkats will be the number two seed in next week's southland conference post-season tournament and play in the p.m. game on the tournament's opening day thursday. brandi crnkovic - was the winning pitcher for shsu, limiting northwestern state to three hits and striking out six demons. sam houston totaled its runs on hits and three demon errors. stephanie mosley went -for-with rbis and amy brown was -for-at the plate. northwestern state -, slc - scored four runs on four hits and an error in the top of the third inning for the victory in the first contest. amanda glenn - spread hits over seven innings for the victory. sam houston left nine runners on base. the two teams will meet in the third game of the series at p.m. sunday at bearkat softball complex.
__label__non_math	1.0000	kcbs team bios smokey talesyear started: bubba brown, junior schlager and skeeter wright first met while serving time in a turkish prison back in . they became fast friends after discovering each had a passion for anything cooked over an open fire. once deported back to the us the boys set off on a world tour to learn everything they could about outdoor cooking. from the aborigines in south america, the zulu tribe in africa, the albinos in albania, to the solomons on solomon island they have witnessed all tricks of the trade. junior's mother swears their barbecue is the best on her street and junior's mother loves to swear most wins in a year: biggest wins: the boys have won hundreds....no thousands of contests
__label__non_math	1.0000	the crazy time of year that is free agency is fast approaching, so kcchiefs.com has you covered with a -day free agency look, highlighting the most intriguing free agents or players who could be released traded during the offseason. you may have noticed, there are no restricted free agents on the list, largely because they rarely leave their current teams. none of the reports are indicative of the chiefs plans for the free agency season. name: reggie bush born: san diego, california experience: years drafted: , 1st round-2nd pick overall by new orleans saints bush just completed his seventh nfl season, his second with the miami dolphins. reggie bush is versatile, to say the least. breaking into the league with the new orleans saints, he was utilized as both a running back and return specialist. since taking his talents to south beach, he was fed the rock on a more-consistent basis and produced two quality seasons. check out reggie's cobmined rushing-receiving yards and td totals throughout his career: bush has had his two best seasons as a running back with the miami dolphins, totaling ,086 yards in and 986 yards in . he averaged .carries a game last year. over the course of his career, bush has been injury-prone, missing regular season games. however, playing the various rb returner roles, it's surprising the injury bug hasn't hit him more. during his tenure with the saints, he completed a full -game season once. he has struggled with consistently protecting the football, fumbling times losing , since entering the league. according to cbs nfl insider jason la canfora, bush's "versatility will serve him well on the open market." wherever bush plays football in , his work ethic and personality in the locker room will likely be very accepted, as they were in the dolphins locker room. plus, there's something to be said for a guy who can give you quality reps in the backfield, while being able to take a screen pass and enjoy making people miss. oh yeah, it also never hurts to be a super bowl champion xliv . your thoughts on reggie bush?
__label__non_math	1.0000	personalize gifts, but don t get too personal by giving items such as perfume, clothing, red roses, alcohol or tobacco, says jacqueline whitmore, office depot's holiday etiquette expert. a photo album with a few group photos is just the right amount of personalization. before sending gifts to clients or vendors, check the corporate policy guidelines on gifts, so the gift doesn t end up getting returned. also, if there s a secret santa exchange be sure to stick to the price limit. don t overspend or underspend. shop online and gift guidesshopping and gift guidesmore
__label__non_math	0.9862	this article was originally distributed via prweb. prweb, worldnow and this site make no warranties or representations in connection therewith. kit is for use with the ladybug tekno vapor steam cleaner, a powerful, professional-grade cleaning system designed for serious use in commercial settings such as dental offices, animal clinics, hospitals, restaurants, nursing homes and supermarkets where the highest level of cleanliness is required lake forest, illinois prweb -800-go-vapor.com, an authorized dealer of ladybug steam cleaners, the world s leading brand of quality built italian-made steam vapor systems and the only vapor steam cleaner brand to offer the proprietary patented tancs technology, today announced that it is now offering consumers and businesses of all types an optional advanced cleaning kit when ordering the professional-grade ladybug tekno vapor steam cleaner. in addition to the standard accessories that ship with the tekno, we are now offering our customers more brushes and a few other extras, says v. k. dunlop of -800-go-vapor.com. the advanced cleaning kit includes an additional extension wand, large round nylon brushes, stainless steel pads for use with the large round brushes, small brass brushes, small nylon brushes for tile and grout and steam nozzle. the advanced cleaning kit increases the price of the ladybug tekno vapor steam cleaner by ,899 to ,999. tancs ships standard with or without the advanced cleaning kit. steam cleaners equipped with tancs have been lab tested and scientifically proven to disinfect surfaces in much less time and with greater safety and effectiveness than traditional typical disinfectants. using a simplified water-only protocol, tancs -equipped steam cleaners are suitable for cleaning, disinfecting and deodorizing many surfaces in healthcare settings such as hospitals, physician and dental offices, animal and outpatient clinics, laboratories, nursing homes and ambulances. when you unpack a tekno , you immediately notice the yellow sticker on one side that includes an epa establishment number, say dunlop. thermo accelerated nano crystal sanitization, or tancs , is a factory-installed internal component that modifies the crystal structure of the naturally occurring minerals in ordinary tap water to aid in the rapid destruction of microorganisms over a very broad range of pathogens. tancs -equipped steam cleaners qualify as disinfection devices for the epa. with credible scientific evidence linking chemical cleaners to cancers, learning and developmental disorders, reproductive health and fertility problems, and asthma, an increasing number of gyms and health clubs are turning to chemical-free vapor steam cleaners. don t be fooled by imitations, says dunlop. only ladybug vapor steam cleaners offer the revolutionary tancs technology. located in lake forest, illinois, -800-go-vapor.com is moving fast to educate consumers and businesses that finally, there's a feasible, environmentally friendly alternative to chemicals. the company markets reliable, vapamore and ladybug vapor steam cleaners worldwide. for more information, call -800-468-. -800-go-vapor.com is a proud member of the safer chemicals, healthy families coalition, a nationwide effort to protect families from toxic chemicals. to stay safe and avoid toxic chemicals, keep abreast of the latest news with -800-go-vapor.com s twitter account, for the original version on prweb visit:
__label__non_math	0.9824	information contained on this page is provided by an independent third-party content provider. worldnow and this station make no warranties or representations in connection therewith. if you have any questions or comments about this page please contact email source ford motor company dearborn, mich., prnewswire -- ford reduced the average amount of water used to make each vehicle by .percent between and putting the company more than halfway toward its current goal of using an average of just cubic meters per vehicle globally by . since , ford has reduced the amount of water it uses in everything from cooling towers to parts washing and paint operations by .billion gallons, or percent. that's equal to the amount of water used by nearly ,000 u.s. residences annually, or enough to fill ,000 olympic-size pools. ford's reduced consumption rates mean even more to regions around the world struggling with water-related issues like drought and extensive population growth. ford's water reduction success is a result of the company's commitment to reduce the amount of water it uses by aggressively monitoring and managing just about every drop of water going into and out of its facilities and properties, says andy hobbs, director, environmental quality office. since , ford decreased the total amount of water used around the world annually from million cubic meters to million cubic meters. "that's about .billion gallons of water that was conserved and went to use somewhere else," says hobbs. ford voluntarily launched its global water management initiative in , putting in place ways to manage water conservation, quality and reuse of storm and process water. ford's water strategy complements the company's overall code of human rights, basic working conditions and corporate responsibilities. "ford recognizes the critical importance of water, and is committed to conserving water and using it responsibly," says robert brown, vice president, sustainability, environment and safety engineering. "many vehicle manufacturing processes require water and the resource is used at every point in our supply chain." ford aims to use an average of ,056 gallons of water to make each vehicle globally consistent with its overall goal of a percent reduction in the amount of water used per vehicle between and . that is slightly more than the ,000 gallons fire engine tankers in the u.s. are required to contain in their tanks. one cubic meter of water is equal to 264 gallons. continuing the progress ford had a positive impact on the world's water supply in many ways during . the ford fund, for example, supported different water-related projects in china, indonesia, thailand, philippines, india, germany and south africa. one project in arid southwest china, for instance, involved ford employees from nanjing, who helped eight families build water cellars designed to capture water during the rainy season to store and use during drier times of the year. at the same time, ford's biggest water-related projects were within its own facilities and included: these accomplishments reflect ford's overall approach to water use, which emphasizes several goals: more information about ford's water use-related efforts can be found in the company's annual sustainability report that is released annually every june. the most recent version can be found here. about ford motor company ford motor company nyse: f , a global automotive industry leader based in dearborn, mich., manufactures or distributes automobiles across six continents. with about 171,000 employees and plants worldwide, the company's automotive brands include ford and lincoln. the company provides financial services through ford motor credit company. for more information regarding ford and its products worldwide, please visit pr newswire. .
__label__non_math	0.9990	title: military musicale at mrs. b.t. whipple's residence description: exterior lawn, reception scene with individuals in view under a canopy tent. identified as "musicale at mrs. b.t. whipple's." according to an advertising announcement in the scrapbook, a military musical to benefit battery d. mo. f.a. was held in conjunction with the kansas city chapter of the dar at the whipple residence located at warwick boulevard. the program included a patriotic pageant, dances, a patriotic address, hymns, drills, etc. apparently mrs. whipple's brother, marvin gates, was captain of the company. admission was .. date: june , item type: photograph, b w, in. x in., attached collection: dar, kansas city chapter, world war i scrapbook location: sc90, page subject: military service; musical revues comedies; receptions; local subject: world war i; 129th field artillery, battery a; daughters of the american revolution; digital format: jpeg repository: missouri valley special collections, kansas city public library, kansas city, missouri rights: reproduction printing, downloading, or copying of images from kansas city public library requires permission and payment for the following uses, whether digital or print: publication; reproduction of multiple copies; personal, non-educational purposes; and advertising or commercial purposes. please order prints or digital files and pay use fees through this website. all images must be properly credited to: "missouri valley special collections, kansas city public library, kansas city, missouri." images and texts may be reproduced without prior permission only for purposes of temporary, private study, scholarship, or research. those using these images and texts assume all responsibility for questions of
__label__non_math	0.9997	more recollections from past kcibrs i think that putting some of the history on the website is a great idea-especially with the anniversary coming. here are a couple of corrections and additions. highway constructed in -one year after the alaska highway . between the respective chambers of commerce and me as the city of haines tourism director resulted in the commitment residents. he added a lot of valuable input concerning safety, timing, and yukon involvement. concerning bike safety. susan k. bell state of alaska department of commerce, community economic development
__label__non_math	0.9998	large oak roll top desk and matching chair. in excellent condition-come make offer small black computer desk in great condition- 319-653- leave message or 319-461- filed under: classifiedskeywords: desks, for sale are you concerned that the irs examined the tax status of tea party groups? call: 319 653-
__label__non_math	0.9951	the global, international comparative history ma is designed to engage ambitious students who have completed an undergraduate degree in history or adjacent discipline and are keen to broaden and deepen their studies. the overall focus of the ma is making connections and pursuing comparisons across different parts of the globe in the early modern and modern eras. the georgetown-king s joint master s degree in global, international comparative history is a two-year programme involving one academic year of study at each institution. the degree offers students access to the combined talents of two-world class history departments, as well as the unrivalled research resources of washington dc and london. king s existing strengths in modern and early modern british, imperial, and continental european history complement georgetown s expertise in middle eastern, russian east european, east and south asian, latin american, african, us and global environmental history. this range of coverage provides students with an extraordinarily rich array of thematic, geographic, and cultural perspectives on the past. but global history, as pursued in this joint master s degree, is more than a roomy container for diverse interests. in both taught courses and their independent research, students will explore specific connections and rigorous comparisons that creatively link together various local and national histories.the second year in the second year of study, whether at georgetown or at king s, each global, international comparative history ma student will write an -word thesis in the framework of a two-semester research seminar. along with fostering discussion of shared historiographical and methodological challenges, the seminars will provide faculty support and peer critique to students as they formulate questions, develop research strategies, and write up findings. students in the global, international comparative history ma will also be able to participate in other departmental and extra-departmental forums, including thematic research workshops at georgetown focusing on early modern global, international, and 19th-century american history and the lively, wide-ranging seminars of the university of london s institute for historical research, as well as the king s history department s own regular staff-student research seminars. with an extraordinary variety of source material in easy reach including the national archives and depository libraries of the united states and the united kingdom students at georgetown and king s will find resources to pursue almost any intellectual project that captures their imagination.and after the global, international comparative history ma is designed to provide an excellent grounding for students interested in going on to a phd in history or adjacent discipline. but it also cultivates research, writing, and analytical skills that can be applied to a broad range of careers after graduation. dr michael rowe king's ; dr bryan mccann georgetown king's college london georgetown university credit value uk ects equivalent uk 180 ects us georgetown two years ft. strand campus; georgetown university washington, dc, usa . students completing this ma will be well positioned to go on to doctoral studies in history or adjacent disciplines. graduates will also be prepared for a range of non-academic careers, particularly those involving an international dimension e.g. government, non-profit organisations, business . year of entry
__label__non_math	0.9999	free museum passes through kcls kcls has partnered with area museums to offer free museum passes. register online by following these easy steps: . select the museum of your choice click free pass . choose the date of your choice enter your information to register. . print your email confirmation, which serves as your admission ticket. . take your email confirmation to the museum when you visit. register for your free museum pass up to two weeks in advance of the day you plan to visit. online registration opens daily at noon. passes are good for general admission and are limited to one per family. if you do not have an email address, call the bellevue library at 425.450. to register. bellevue arts museum: kidsquest children's museum: free pass factoria boulevard southeast, bellevue, wa - 425.637. explore, play and learn at kidsquest children s museum. this museum pass allows entry for up to people, limited to pass per family each days. it is valid for use on the registration date. washington state history museum: free pass pacific avenue, tacoma, wa - .888.238. learn about our state's unique people and places. this museum pass allows entry for up to adults and children and is valid for use on the registration date. last updated:
__label__non_math	0.9998	in addition, health issues, such as pain, asthma, restless legs syndrome, and back problems, also can contribute to lack of sleep. so can some medications, such as decongestants, steroids and some medicines for high blood pressure, asthma or depression. secrets of good sleep you can take steps to shift your body and mind into more beneficial sleep habits: - keep your bedroom dark, quiet, comfortable and cool. making your bedroom a sanctuary conducive for sleep can make a significant difference in the quality of sleep you get, says dr. wolfson. - go to sleep and wake up at the same time, even on weekends. doing so helps keep your internal circadian clock in balance, which signals your body to sleep and wake in a regular pattern. - establish a regular, relaxing bedtime routine that might include reading a book, listening to soothing music or doing something else you find relaxing. a relaxing, routine activity right before bedtime helps separate your sleep time from activities that can make it more difficult to fall asleep or remain asleep, says dr. wolfson. parents know that a bedtime routine can help children get a good night s sleep. doing the same for themselves can have the same results. - make sure your mattress is comfortable and supportive. good-quality mattresses generally last about years. have comfortable pillows and make the room attractive and inviting. - avoid caffeine close to bedtime. caffeine products, such as coffee, tea and colas, remain in the body, on average, from three to five hours, but they can affect some people up to hours later. - avoid alcohol close to bedtime. many people think of alcohol as a sedative, but it actually disrupts sleep, causing nighttime awakenings. - quit smoking. nicotine is a stimulant that can make it more difficult for smokers to fall asleep, stay asleep and wake in the morning. smokers should never smoke in bed or when they re sleepy. - finish eating at least two or three hours before your regular bedtime. be aware that large, high-fat or spicy meals may cause heartburn, which leads to difficulty falling asleep and discomfort during the night. - exercise regularly but complete your workout at least a few hours before bedtime. exercising regularly makes it easier to fall asleep and contributes to sounder sleep. however, working out right before going to bed will make falling asleep more difficult. - find ways to manage stress and anxiety. relaxation exercises, meditation or deep breathing work for many people. if there are problems or issues keeping you awake, try writing them in a notebook and putting it away, suggests dr. wolfson. that way, you ve registered your concerns but become free to put them aside until morning. when to seek help if your sleep problems persist for longer than a week and are bothersome, or if sleepiness interferes with the way you feel or function during the day, don t self-medicate with sleeping pills; make an appointment with your doctor. the key to better sleep is recognizing you re not getting enough deep, restorative sleep, and then doing something about it, says dr. wolfson. failure to do so puts you and others at risk.
__label__non_math	0.9999	are you ready for some football? you may not be as ready as you think if you're planning to have folks over to watch the baltimore ravens face off against the san francisco 49ers in new orleans on feb. . all any super bowl party needs is a television, chips and dip and a cooler full of brewskies, right? well, don't start kaepernicking in victory quite yet. while event planning professionals agree those are key ingredients, they say that trinity is not necessarily all it takes to throw a party worthy of a touchdown dance. just ask bill furtkevic and stephen pino from party city. aside from a big screen for the big game and a table with food and drink, they offered a slew of other essential components for stylish super bowl soir e. eye-catching decor, a unique menu, custom entertainment, wearable favors and fun invitations can make your party stand out from the standard last nfl season hurrah, pino said. the super bowl is the second-largest food consumption holiday of the year, according to the usda, behind thanksgiving and ahead of christmas day. stadiums sculpted out of meat products or complicated dishes that won't be savored during a gripping game might not give hosts the bang for their buck that they're hoping for. the food network's sandra lee, known as much for her tablescapes as for her creative use of packaged food, advises, "think 'do-able,' and take smart and simple shortcuts when possible." although team loyalty can divide a party, a welcoming buffet spread can unite it. use what you have at hand to present the burgers, hot dogs, chips and dip in a creative way, said atlanta party planner april trigg, founder of eventologie. "go get your kids' footballs and put them on the table," trigg said. "anything like that that you already have in your house, why not put it on your buffet tables? you've got instant party."
__label__non_math	1.0000	an australian radio network at the heart of a hoax targeting prince william's pregnant wife canceled the show responsible for the prank on monday, expressing deep regret for the death of a nurse who took a call from the djs involved. the two djs "will not return to the airwaves until further notice," the statement from the network, southern cross austereo, said. the company also suspended all prank calls, pulled advertising and ordered a comprehensive review of relevant policies and processes. the djs, mel greig and michael christian, who were impersonating queen elizabeth and prince charles, called the hospital tuesday and gained some information about the condition of catherine, duchess of cambridge -- which they subsequently played on air. on friday, the nurse who transferred the call through to the ward, jacintha saldanha, was found dead after apparently committing suicide. "first and foremost we would like to express our deep and sincere condolences to the family ... for their loss. we are very sorry for what has happened," rhys holleran, the network's chief executive officer, said in monday's statement. "we don't claim to be perfect and we always strive to do better. we have initiated a detailed and rigorous review of our policies and procedures to inform any improvements we can make." greig and christian also apologized in interviews with the australian tv shows "a current affair" and "today tonight" on monday. "there is nothing that can make me feel worse than what i feel right now," greig said on "today tonight." christian told "a current affair" the prank had become "a tragic turn of events that i don't think anyone could have predicted or expected." "i'm still trying to make sense of it all," he said, offering "our deepest sympathies" to saldanha's family.
__label__non_math	0.9216	we are sorry if you have experienced any problems using our website. please fill out the following form to report any issues. we'll do our best to correct the problem immediately. more weather day forecast 801 n. oregon, el paso, texas 915 532- firstname.lastname
__label__non_math	0.9262	kanopolis multi-use trails horsethief canyon trails can be accessed at trailheads a,b,c d trail open: year-around area located: horsethief area gps at trailhead: n38 .321' w098 .100' gps: n38 .321' w098 .100' type of trail: - horse riding - mt. bike two sections of the trail system, referred to as the horsethief canyon trails, connect the rockin' k trails to the prairie trails. the orange horsethief canyon trail is one of the more difficult trails in the trail system. it has three relatively easy water crossings, but the trail is narrow in spots and goes in and out of rocky canyons. the blue horsethief canyon trail is short and easy but has three water crossings that can present a challenge. these crossings can be very deep.
__label__non_math	1.0000	we provide you with a range of excursions both in sri lanka, india as well as in the maldives. this could be pre-arranged prior to your visit or during your stay. our range of excursions includes exciting visits to historical and cultural sites, or nature and adventure based activities. please contact our tour consultant for more details. sri lanka maldives kandy city tour pinnawela elephant orphanage colombo city tour visit to the historical city of galle jeep safari s to national parks minneriya, kaudulla, uda walawe, yala, etc whale dolphin watching day tour to kandy sigiriya visit to turtle hatchery golden triangle tours heritage of rajastan forts and palaces of india snorkeling in maldives sailing diving safaris and many more
__label__non_math	0.9987	an evening with filmmaker scott stark redfern arts center - putnam theater an evening with filmmaker, scott stark, in-person to present 'at play in the field of images.' currently in residence at the macdowell colony in peterborough, nh, experimental filmmaker, scott stark, comes to keene state to present an evening of his surprising and provocative films. working in super-8mm, 16mm, digital video and even 35mm, stark writes: "i see each film video project as a 'first film' with its own cinematic language, one that the viewer learns and engages with as the piece unfolds. this language is shaped by the particular mechanics of each medium, in the same way verbal language is shaped by the mechanics of the human mouth. thus each film charts the possibility of a pre-cinema experience, one that might have evolved had not narrative and commerce been cinema's prevailing motivational forces." thursday at p.m. price: free and open to the public. ' free and open to the public. to request accommodations for a disability, please contact the event coordinator at least two weeks prior to the event.
__label__non_math	0.9935	an appeal to mother why, what is the matter? was the temporizing reply. well, you told mary to wash my face, and she s washing my ears, too teacher was trying to make a showing before the superintendent. there are five children in the family, said she, and the mother has only four potatoes to divide. what is she to do? mash em, cried johnny. just an ordinary fellow she put down the book with a sigh. what is it, darling he asked. ah, dearest, i m so happy, she replied. but you had such a sad look in your eyes just now. i know. i ve been reading about the unhappiness that the wives of men of genius have always had to bear. oh, alfred, i m so glad you re just an ordinary sort of fellow. the whale that bolted jonah down was kept awake o nights, by hearing jonah s frantic cry, turn on the lectric lights freddy, you shouldn t laugh out loud in the school room, exclaimed teacher. i didn t mean to do it, apologized freddy. i was smiling, when all of a sudden the smile busted. i understand you went over to crimson gulch and lynched the wrong man? no, replied three-fingered sam. you can t lynch the wrong man in crimson gulch. we jest got piute peter a little bit ahead of his turn. the holy fly helen was watching some flies on the windowpane, when she called to her mother: mama, come and see if this is the bosom fly the bosom fly, child oh, the one they sang about in church last sunday let me to thy bosom fly. bill s going to sue the company for damages. why, what did they do to him? they blew the quittin whistle when e was carryin a eavy piece of iron, and e dropt it on is foot. tommy, did you carry your books on the left side this morning? demanded his mother. very well. now, don t forget to carry them on the right side tomorrow morning. what difference does it make? growled dad. that shows what kind of a father you are, snapped the mother. if the child didn t alternate, he might get curvature of the spine. flourishes in the heat teacher archibald, what plants flourish in excessive heat? archibald ice plants. a terrible tragedy a piano factory was burned to the ground because the hose couldn t play upon the pianos. not for words there are lots of people in the world who pose as paragons of purity who would hate to see some man invent a mind-reading machine. pa, why is a fool and his money soon parted? so that a wise guy can live without working, my boy. do you believe in heredity? to some extent, yes. in what way, for instance? well, i believe in inheriting money. my husband won t believe a thing i tell him any more. i can t explain it at all. it started right after i told him a woman wrote a song without words. a startling sentence who can give a sentence using the word pendulum ? asked the teacher. little rachel s hand shot up. the teacher nodded encouragingly. lightning was invented by penjulum franklin. the best use for pills boy i want another box of pills like i got for mother yesterday. druggist did your mother say they were good? boy no; but they just fit my air gun. the safe direction a negro came running down the lane as though a ghost were after him. what are you running for, mose? called the colonel from the barn. i ain t runnin for, shouted mose. i m runnin from
__label__non_math	1.0000	what can you expect if you are making aliyah from los angeles? the average high for los angeles in january is degrees fahrenheit. in tel aviv it is degrees and in jerusalem it is degrees. summers in israel are similar to in los angeles. los angeles average high in july is degrees. in tel aviv, the july high is degrees and in jerusalem it is degrees. if you love the southern california beach scene, you ll find many beaches to enjoy along israel s coast, at the dead sea, and at the kinneret sea of galilee . some beaches offer separate swimming areas for men and women. in terms of work, you may be employed even before you arrive in israel for those of you working in la s film industry, your work will likely be in the tel aviv area since that is where most of israel s film and tv production companies are located. jerusalem has a small sector, however. the jvp media quarter, next to the city s historic original train station, houses the jerusalem animation studios and dozens of other media start ups, along with a technology incubator and a performing arts hub. if you re interested in the entertainment business, you might want to consider one of israeli s film and television schools: tel aviv university, offering a four-year-long bachelor s degree program in film. jerusalem s sam spiegel school of television film, known for its award-winning student films. the ma aleh school of television, film, the arts in jerusalem has many religiously observant students and calls itself the only film school in the world devoted to exploring the intersection of judaism and modern life. beit berl college in kfar saba offers a joint degree in film and film education including a teaching certificate . they also have a program in video game design and development. for more information about aliyah from los angeles, contact your regional israel aliyah center: israel aliyah center - los angeles aliyah and integration department wilshire blvd., suite 525 los angeles, ca
__label__non_math	0.9999	nella fantasia translated from italian in my fantasy i see a just world, where everyone lives in peace and honesty. i dream of souls that are always free like the clouds that float full of humanity in the depths of the soul. in my fantasy i see a bright world, where each night there is less darkness. i dream of spirits that are always free, like the clouds that float. in my fantasy exists a warm wind, that blows into the city, like a friend. i dream of souls that are always free, like the clouds that float full of humanity in the depths of the soul cordelia: dorothy cordelia, my dear loving grandma, who taught me more about life than she could have ever known. this is probably the hardest thing i've ever had to write in my entire life. the hardest and yet the most beautiful. as i even just begin to type here, late, in the dark in my room alone with my girls sleeping next to me, their little faces barely visible from the glow of the the same candles that flickered in a very special room one week ago, my heart starts aching thinking of where i was at exactly this moment last week. a week. how can it already have been a week? i've thought a million times what i'm going to write here and how i'm going to begin and what order i'll put it in and i think i've been so afraid to come back here...so afraid of not doing justice this very precious night...of leaving something out...of attaching simple words to an event that is so far from simple, it might just not be possible. but i need to get it out. i don't know how it's going to come or if it will make sense, but i'm just going to write. and when i get stuck, i will pick up this tiny blessed life beside me and hold her tight. i will breathe her in and remember... oh, here it goes. the story of our daughter's birth. this is nella's story. i turned on december ...exactly a month ago. we went to dinner with friends the evening before and as we left, we saw the new bookstore nearby welcomingly lit up. i had told brett i didn't need anything this year for my birthday as christmas had just passed, but at the sight of the bookstore, i remembered a book i had read about from another photographer. as we walked by, i told brett i changed my mind. i wanted a book, and i wanted it...tonight. so we ventured in, and he played with lainey downstairs while i wandered up in the self-help section, thumbing through titles until i landed on the only copy of the book...a million miles in a thousand years by donald miller. later at home, we put lainey to bed and i drew a bath and climbed in with my big pregnant belly, my new book and a highlighter. and i read. and read. and read. underlining, highlighting, starring paragraphs and quotes and words that moved me hard. i warmed the water about a trillion times and pruned my skin to raisins, but i could not stop reading. it turned into a three hour bath followed by another hour or so of reading in my bed. by the end of the book, i was inspired. inspired to write a new story for our life...inspired to face challenges and leave my comfort zone and go through hard things because that is what turns the screenplays of our lives from boring to oscar-worthy. and, to be honest, in my mind, our uncomfortable challenge was the changes in our life with brett's job and having him away from home. little did i know. last thursday, brett i teased all day that we were so ready for this baby, she had to either come thursday or friday. every time he called me from work, he told me i should be out jogging. i didn't jog, but i did walk like crazy, trailing lainey through the streets of our neighborhood in a stroller, thinking, "these might be the last moments with my only daughter alone." and thursday night, the pains started coming...nothing horribly uncomfortable but some significant cramps that were semi-regular and popped up several times through the night. by morning, i had several that were -minutes apart, and my doctor, convinced i would go fast once i was in full swing, suggested i go to the hospital within a few hours. i remember getting off the phone and it hit me. today was going to be the day. it was surreal. i texted my friends. called my family. and began the last steps in the ever long process of saying goodbye to my 'only child.' she wanted her face painted like a kitty and, although i was excited to pack up and head to the hospital, i savored every brush stroke of those last moments with my big girl. i called my friend, katie, in fort lauderdale. i met katie the night lainey was born as she was the delivery nurse...and we have since been forever friends. she promised me she wanted to be present for all my babies' births, so she high-tailed it over i-after my call to get there in time. it was strange. it seemed so real and yet i had dreamed of this moment for so long, it seemed a bit like a dream as well. it all just hit me...we had waited for this. wanting a second child. losing a pregnancy. getting pregnant. the horrible night i thought it was all ending and the trip to the e.r. where we saw that little heartbeat. waiting and preparing and finally, these last weeks, having everything just...perfect. the birth music ready to go, the blankets i had made packed and ready, the coming home outfit, the big sister crown for lainey, the nightgown i had bought just for the occasion...what i would wear holding my daughter the first night i rocked her to sleep. even the favors i hand-designed and tied every ribbon on were lined and stacked in a box, ready to pass out the moment the room flooded with visitors. my heart could hardly hold the excitement, and i will never ever forget what it feels like to long for your baby being handed in your arms the last few days of your pregnancy...it's so real, you can touch it. we said goodbye to lainey as we left her with grandma and headed to the hospital where i was quickly instructed to drop trou and gown up. i slipped the white ruffled skirt and black shirt i wore into a plastic belongings bag. days later, just the sight of these clothes--the ones i wore during my excitement and happiness...during those last 'happy' moments before my life was changed--would bring pain. i think heidi finally hid the bag because it made me cry every time. the early stages of labor were perfectly beautiful. nothing hurt that bad, i had the anticipation of this eutopian experience ahead of me, brett was chill, and my girlfriends started trickling in the room. we actually played a game...the "if you could..." cards i had packed in my bag for this very purpose. i had it perfectly planned, and it was going just as i had imagined...but better. by , my water had been broken and my contractions were in full force. the room was full of excitement and laughter. i chatted with my girlfriends until a contraction came on where i shifted gears, "ow-ow-ow-ow-ow'd" my way through it and cursed , and came out of it as fast as i went in, picking up the conversation where we left off. i checked to make sure brett was okay. several of my girlfriends were headed out for a birthday party but, with news of my status, they all huddled into the room, dressed to the nines, before their night out to check on me. i liked the commotion...i loved the anticipation. i loved the feeling of people waiting anxiously for our baby. it felt special. ...and we were so ready. two hours went by and i was off the wall in pain, begging for anesthesia to get in with an epidural. they were tied up, and so i cursed them too. little did i know, i was a . this is where things begin to get hazy. it all just happened so fast. i remember anesthesia walking in to give me an epidural, brett getting uneasy, girlfriends talking me through it, my pediatrician stopping in to say 'hi' during her rounds, and my obstetrician walking in and gowning up. this was it. with lainey, it took forever and here i was, just hours after walking in this place, and they were going to tell me to push. they were going to tell me 'just one more' and then suddenly my life was going to change. i couldn't grasp it even then. it was all just happening so fast and i wanted to savor it. i looked around the room and tried to take it in...the candles, the music, the lavender oil i brought that wafted through the room and calmed the tension. and then i remember just speaking to myself. you are about to meet your daughter. you are about to be changed for good. at this moment, i heard the sounds of our birth song begin to fill the room...when you love someone. and i began to cry. my husband, my friends, my dad, my nurses...all of them smiling...cameras flashing... one more push. oh, this is so hard... i pushed. i pushed and watched as the tiniest little body came out of me, arms flailing, lungs wailing...and then, they put her in my arms. ...and i knew. i knew the minute i saw her that she had down syndrome and nobody else did. i held her and cried. cried and panned the room to meet eyes with anyone that would tell me she didn't have it. i held her and looked at her like she wasn't my baby and tried to take it in. and all i can remember of these moments is her face. i will never forget my daughter in my arms, opening her eyes over and over...she locked eyes with mine and stared...bore holes into my soul. love me. love me. i'm not what you expected, but oh, please love me. that was the most defining moment of my life. that was the beginning of my story. i don't remember a lot here. my friends have filled me in, but i feel like i was in a black hole. i know i held her. i know i kissed her. i know i begged every power in the world that this wasn't happening...that she was normal, but i knew in my soul exactly what this was. she was scooped off my chest and taken to the warming bed where nurses nervously smiled as they checked her over. i wanted someone to tell me what was going on...i kept asking if she was okay, and they told me she was fine. she was crying and pink and just perfectly healthy. i wanted to say the words, but couldn't. so, i asked why her nose was smooshed...why she looked funny. and because she came out posterior and so quickly, many people in the room honestly thought she'd look a little different in an hour or so. but i knew. i cried and cried while everyone smiled and took pictures of her, like nothing was wrong. i kept crying and asking, "is there something you aren't telling me?" ...and they just kept smiling. at this point, i have believed until recently that the pediatrician came in right away and told me the news. but because i was so confused and emotional and haven't slept much in a week, i am told it wasn't right away. the nurses apparently called my pediatrician in for 'd.s. suspicions.' and during this hour, i was handed back my daughter as if everything was okay. when i think about this time later, i have cried and cried wondering what i did. did she feel love? did i kiss her? did i hold her and tell her 'happy birthday' and smother her with happy tears? my friends in the room smile when i ask this and promise me i did. they said i couldn't stop kissing her. and while i held her, the room went on. someone popped champagne and poured glasses and a toast was raised..."to nella ...and i am so very blessed my beautiful photographer friends, laura and heidi, were there to capture every single moment. they never stopped shooting...there are over images from the delivery and they have helped me relive the beauty. this photo is so beautiful to me...because it speaks with emotion. this is how i felt while everyone carried on for me. i remember feeling....nothing. as if i literally left my body for a bit. but they said i kissed her. they said i loved her. they said i was a mama. i remember my pediatrician suddenly walking in and my heart sank a bit...i knew. "why is she here?" i asked. and they told me she was just checking the baby out. which she did. and then the room grew quiet and everyone was asked to leave. i started shaking. i knew it was coming. the tears. the twisting in my stomach that they were about to rock my world. brett stood behind me, stroking my hair and my nurse friends, dot and katie, stayed on either side of the bed. and it happened. my pediatrician snuggled nella up in a blanket and handed her to me...and she knelt down next to my bed so that she could look up at me...not down. she smiled so warmly and held my hand so tight. and she never took her eyes off mine. we had been through a lot together with lainey's jaundice and i have spent many tearful conversations with her over the course of these two and a half years. she is an amazing pediatrician. but at this moment, she became more than that. she was our friend as she beautifully shared the news. i need to tell you something. ...and i cried hard... "i know what you're going to say." she smiled again and squeezed my hand a little tighter. the first thing i'm going to tell you is that your daughter is beautiful and perfect. ...and i cried harder. ...but there are some features that lead me to believe she may have down syndrome. finally, someone said it. i felt hot tears stream down and fall on my baby's face. my beautiful, perfect daughter. i was scared to look up at brett, so i didn't. i just kissed her. and then, dr. foley added... ...but, kelle....she is beautiful. and perfect. i asked for my dad to be let back in the room. and when he walked in, i cried again. they think she has down syndrome. and he smiled as his eyes welled up with tears and he said, "that's okay. we love her." he scooped her up and i asked him to say a prayer. and there, in the delivery room where moments earlier she entered the world, we huddled around my bed...brett still stroking my hair, katie crying on one side, dot on the other and dr. foley kneeled down beside my bed. he prayed and thanked god for giving us nella and thanked him for the wonderful things he had planned for us. for our family. for nella. amen. dr. foley hugged me and told me she got to hold her for her examination, but now she wanted to hold her just for some snuggles. and she did. i will always remember her compassion and know there is no one else that could do a better job sharing this challenging journey with us. katie asked if i wanted to nurse nella, and i did. another dreamy moment i had always anticipated and yet it felt so different this time. but i remember her latching right on and sucking away with no hesitation and looking at her, completely accepting me as her mama and snuggling in to the only one she's ever known and i felt so completley guilty that i didn't feel the same. i felt love, yes. i just kept envisioning this other baby...the one that i felt died the moment i realized it wasn't what i expected. but the nursing...oh, the nursing...how incredibly bonding it's been. the single most beautiful link i've had to falling in love with this blessed angel. and, look...i smiled. i don't remember smiling, but...i smiled. the hallway was still filled with everyone who was waiting...and there are stories from our other wonderful friends and family of what happened behind those walls while they waited. all i know is that there was more love in that birthing center than the place could hold. as anxious eyes re-entered the room, i held my baby and told them all, crying, what we had been told. i knew there was a stream of friends ready to come and celebrate and i wanted them all to be told before they came in. i couldn't emotionally handle telling anyone and yet, strangely, i wanted people to know as soon as possible because i knew i needed the troops...i was falling, sliding, tunneling into a black hole and i needed as much love as possible to keep me up. i just remember happiness. from everyone. all of the blessed souls in that room celebrated as if there was nothing but joy. everyone knew...and there were a few puffy eyes, but mostly, it was pure happiness. more friends trickled in. more smiles. more toasts. and hugs with no words...hugs like i've never felt. ones that spoke volumes...arms pulled tightly around my neck, lips pressed against my forehead and bodies that shook with sobs...sobs that told me they felt it too...they felt my pain and they wanted to take it away. and brett...well, he never left our girl's side. he was quiet through this all, and i'm not sure i'll ever know what he felt, but i know the daddy of our babies, and i know he knows nothing but to love them with all his heart. and he did from the very start. as soon as the epidural wore off, i wanted my own nightgown. they were going to take me to our new room upstairs, and i was ready for a new start. everyone carried our stuff up and waited for us. and then...the moment i always talk about...the moment they put you in that wheelchair and place the baby in your arms...and stroll you through the hallways to your room while onlookers smile and wish they were you. it's so strange, but i barely remember it. i remember arriving to our room and being told lainey was on her way. and i cried new tears...i hadn't even thought about how this would impact lainey...what she would think...how her life would be different...how every beautiful vision i had of two sisters growing up together, grown-up phone calls, advice-giving, cooking together, shopping...everything would be different. numbness started leaving my heart and sheer pain started settling in. don't cry. don't cry. don't cry when lainey gets here. ...and then i'll never forget her face...her cute outfit someone put her in...her eyes when she walked into that room, and the way she tried to hide her excitement with her shy smile. i will never forget the day my girl became a big sister. i will never forget the moment her little sister was placed in her arms. i watched in agony...in tears...in admiration as my little girl taught me how to love. she showed me what unconditional love looks like...what the absence of stereotypes feels like...she was... ...and that was one of the most beautiful moments of my life. i needed that. as darkness set in that night and people started trickling out, i felt paranoid. so completely afraid because i knew with darkness...with the absence of everyone celebrating...the grief would come. i could feel it coming...and it hurt so, so, so very bad. i wanted lainey to go home with brett. my heart was in a million pieces and wanted to be with her, and if i couldn't, i wanted him there. and so he left...with the little girl that completed my world, and i was left in the hospital with my two amazing, wonderful friends who will never ever know how special they are because of what they did for me that night. and they heard and saw things no one else will ever know, but i could have never made it through the night without them. i think i cried for seven hours straight. it was gut-wrenching pain. i held nella and i kissed her but i literally writhed in emotional pain on that bed in the dark with our candles and my friends by my side until the sun came up. i remember trying to sleep and then feeling it come on again...and i'd start shaking, and they'd both jump up and hug me from either side, nella smooshed between the four of us. i begged for morning, even once mistaking a street light for sunlight and turning on the lights only to find it was a.m. and i still had to make it through the night. i can't explain that evening. and i suppose it's horrible to say you spent the first night your daughter was born in that state of agony, but i know it was necessary for me to move on to where i am today. and, knowing where i am today and how much i love this soul, how much i know she was meant for me and i am meant for her, knowing the crazy way our souls have intertwined and grown into each other, i can say all this now. it's hard, but it's real, and we all have feelings. we live them, we breathe them, we go through them and soon they dissolve into new feelings. so, here i go. i cried out that i wanted to leave her and run away. i wanted to take lainey and my perfect world and this perfect love i had built with my two-year old and our cupcake-baking days and our art projects and our beautiful bond and i wanted to run like hell. i wanted to be pregnant again. i wanted to be pregnant so bad. i wanted it to be the morning she was born again...when i was happy and excited and when i wore the white ruffled skirt and black shirt and put it in the belongings bag knowing joy was to come. i wanted to go back. i wanted to go back. i wanted to go back. i moaned in pain and through it all, this little breath of heaven needed me. i cried while i nursed her. i cried while i held her. i cried while i pulled my nightgown off just so i could lie her body on my naked skin and pray that i felt a bond. i literally writhed in emotional pain for hours. and heidi and katie saw parts of me no one else have seen. my eyes were so swollen, heidi said i looked like rocky...like someone beat the hell out of my face and then cut little slits for eyes. it was that bad. ...and then morning came. ...and with it, hope. there is so much more i could write...and i will...in chapters of our book. my sister arrived the next day and revolutionized the place with her "i have a dream" speech. she told me i swallowed the blue pill. she told me i could never go back. but that i held a key to a door that no one else does. and, with tears in her eyes, she excitedly and passionately told me how lucky i was. she told me that i was chosen and that it is the most special thing in the world. she told me it was going to be just fine. and she was so right. the day after nella was born, i fell in love hard. i knew she was mine. i knew we were destined to be together. i knew she was the baby all along that grew in my beautiful round tummy...the one i thought i almost lost...the one that i proudly rubbed when people told me how beautiful that belly was. it was. it was nella all along. a huge turning point for me was when my sister published my blog entry and an outpouring of love turned on. i had no idea. none. i had no idea you all were out there. and the words you all said...i believed them. and maybe i believed them all along, but to hear them when i needed them...you all empowered me. and my friends and family...oh, they'll never ever know how special they are to me. i've never felt so loved. you all truly gave me your hearts to borrow while mine was breaking. and you loved my baby. you loved her so good. you're not her mama and yet you washed her with tears when you held her. you kissed her. when she cried in the middle of the night and i needed some blessed sleep, you rigged up the jaundice lights against the nurse's orders, put your sunglasses on and took turns sleeping in a chair just to hold her. you promised to be there on this journey and that alone means more than we can ever tell you. to be loved...is the greatest feeling one can ever feel. over the course of the next several days, things just became beautiful. i cried, yes...but they soon turned to tears of joy. i felt lucky. i felt happy. and i felt that i didn't want to run away with lainey anymore...and if i did, i was taking my bunny with me. when lainey was in the hospital with jaundice, i remember hugging brett and crying. i told him if god would make her better, i'd do anything. i'd live in a box, i'd sell everything we had, i'd be happy with nothing...just make her better. when she did get better, that feeling of raw gratitude was real, but it wasn't long before real life set in and i was complaning once again about the dirty grout in our cheap tile and how much i wanted wood floors. i've often thought about how quickly that feeling left because we have a perfect, healthy little girl running around that erases all the painful memories of when we thought something might be seriously wrong. i felt that feeling again last week. and as the pain has slowly disipated, i've realized...i will always be reminded. my nella, my special little bunny, my beautiful perfect yet unique girl will be my constant reminder in life. that it's not about wood floors. no, life is about love and truly experiencing the beauty we are meant to know. and so, we came home...happy. in fact, walking out of the hospital with our new baby girl and our proud new big girl, all crowned up, gripping the handle of the carseat with daddy...it was just how i had imagined it. life moves on. and there have been lots of tears since. there will be. but, there is us. our family. we will embrace this beauty and make something of it. we will hold our precious gift and know that we are lucky. i feel lucky. i feel privileged. i feel there is a story so beautiful in store...and we get to live it. wow. the story has begun... page by page... first "well baby" visit...dr. foley, we love you. i cannot begin to tell you how much i love her. i wouldn't trade her for the world, and y'all can have that heart you let me borrow back. my broken heart has been healed...and if you held her, you'd know what i mean. photographed by my dear friend, heidi my girls. i am complete. there's been so much wonder i've wanted to share...but i knew i had to tell her story first. more to come...we've been taking lots of pictures and loving the beauty of life...and the funny...and the hectic...it's been crazy. i did it. i told our bunny's story.
__label__non_math	1.0000	take inspiration in our attractive function rooms from the intriguing array of exhibitors including first-class bridal outfitters, florists, confectioners, photographers, decoration specialists and many more all people who are passionate about helping you get ready for an unforgettable and unique occasion. come along and prepare for your big day and allow your imagination to be captivated while listening to the background music and enjoying a glass of something special. for further information on our second wedding fair in the villa rothschild kempinski and falkenstein grand kempinski, please contact josefine winkler via phone or via email to email and if you wish to say the words i do at our hotel, josefine winkler will also gladly be of assistance to you at any time.
__label__non_math	1.0000	saturday went very well thank you. the room looked fantastic and the staff were so attentive, a big thank you to them. many thanks for all your help in organising our dinner dance, the feddback i have had so far is that all enjoyed it very much. coombs canterbury christmas dinner, january thank you for all your hard work and support with our annual dinner. i know with the nature of our event it can't have been easy, but on our side, having worked with someone as lovely as you, it's been made much easier. thanks you louisa. kent temple law society, march thanks to you our weekend was a great success, even the weather was kind to us. i would also like to thank ann in rutherford reception and the gentleman in eliot reception, they were so helpful. kentones group booking, april a quick message to say a big thank you to you and your team for a very enjoyable and successful conference. you were all so helpful, and we were really impressed with your facilities and professional assistance at all times. the catering was excellent, and both kitchen and restaurant staff were marvelous. i can honestly say it was the best food i've ever had at a conference.we look forward to returning to the university for a future conference. guild of enamellers, april we greatly enjoyed our visit and the general consensus was that it was one of the best venues we have used, in over years of such events. the food was excellent, and plentiful, and the rooms were of a very high standard. british myriad and isopod group, april just a short note to thank you for arranging, what for me, was a fantastic occasion on saturday. everyone that was there thoroughly enjoyed themselves. the food was splendid and the service was excellent. i have had many people mention to me that the whole evening went very well and they were impressed with the facilities here at kent university. thanks again for your help masonic lodge ladies night, may our group found your facilities comfortable, the quality of food was good, and we were made welcome. i would have no hesitation in recommending you to others and would certainly stay again. many thanks. charity bike ride group, june thanks again for all your great help and fast action and reliable work and especially for all you patience. tommy trips, september
__label__non_math	0.9999	the university of kent welcomes students from all backgrounds. about of our students have returned to study after a few years or more out of formal education. our staff have a wide range of experience in helping students who are returning to fulltime or part-time study. advice for students returning to learning in addition to all the support services and resources described elsewhere in this prospectus, our information and guidance staff can offer friendly, experienced advice if you are thinking of returning to study, if you are unsure about the course you wish to study or want to discuss any topic relating to study in higher education. we can give information and advice on a wide range of topics relating to studying in higher education, including how to choose your course, preparing for your course, admissions processes and general information regarding preparation for higher education. information and guidance staff are based on the canterbury campus and can be contacted between -, monday to friday. staff can provide you with information and literature, and generally answer your questions. you can book an appointment for a one-to-one guidance session with a trained adviser. the session can be conducted either by telephone or face to face. alternatively, you could come along to one of our open days see inside the back cover for information and dates, or visit open days our website. for guidance information, or to book an individual guidance session, please contact us: t: 975 or science foundation programmes computer systems engineering, electronic and communications engineering, forensic science, mathematics and physics offer a four-year programme with a foundation year for all students who don t have the appropriate qualifications for direct entry to a three-year programme. if you don t have qualifications in the necessary subjects for your chosen degree, or if, for whatever reason, your grades aren t high enough, you can apply for this programme. many of our standard undergraduate degree programmes can be studied part-time and there are other programmes that can be studied on a part-time basis. for more details please see our part-time study page. access to higher education diploma would you like to take the first step towards gaining a degree? build your skills and confidence with a friendly group, supportive tutor, informal environment and inspiring course sessions. whether you have taken a gap from learning, would like to refresh your skills or need to gain the necessary qualifications, the access to higher education diploma is for you. find out more about the access to higher education diploma including which subjects you can study and how to apply. kent welcomes applications from everyone with the potential to benefit from its programmes. not all of our students have the traditional entrance qualifications required to take a degree. we will consider your previous experience including work-related skills, alternative qualifications and any other information that you can give us.
__label__non_math	0.9975	the university of kent, canterbury, kent, ct2 7nz, t students explore space school students from all over the uk explored life beyond earth at the universitys space school weekend -august . nearly students, aged -, competed in space-based challenges such as building a landing system for a mobile space laboratory, investigating impact craters and designing and developing a space colony. in saturdays space colony task, student teams had to convince others that their colony was a safe and viable place to live. one team protected their biodome with an aerogel coating, a material they had just learnt about from dr mark price, the universitys new space science lecturer. he winning team, galileo guy proctor, jamie rice, guy uong and sam malkin gave a presentation on their space colony on mars, which included selling off areas to corporate companies. the main challenge on sunday was to design and build a rocket that would launch a hens egg up to 200 metres and recover it safely. the winning team, phoenix george and matthew hawkins, juliet james and georgina gatehouse managed a perfect flight. space school is run every year by the universitys school of physical sciences and caters for up to students per weekend. staff are a mix of academics, current and past students from the school. a second space school will take place this weekend -august with more complex challenges for -year-old students. to find out more, see story published at august
__label__non_math	0.9998	on the day matthew mitchell became kentucky's all-time wins leader, the coach made quite the rookie mistake. as the clock ticked down on the cats' -win over tennessee, mitchell was trying to get senior star a'dia mathies out of the game to get an ovation from the ,965 fans at memorial coliseum. he did the swap too soon and she ended up coming out during a timeout with no fanfare. mitchell had to put her back in the game with a minute to go for her curtain call. "i'm not the smartest, sharpest guy in the room," mitchell said afterward. "i had to get her back in the game, which was just a disaster. i can't sub nearly as well as she can play. that was a bit of an embarrassing moment for the coach, not for a'dia." mitchell credited assistant coach matt insell with reminding him in time that he could rotate her in and out without calling a timeout and embarrassing himself further. but the head coach's follies didn't lessen the touching moment he shared with mathies as she left the memorial coliseum floor. "i told her thank you for everything she's done for this program and how proud i was of her," mitchell said. "that's the biggest thing i can say to a'dia mathies is, 'thank you for coming to kentucky and thank you for being who you've been.'" uk's other senior brittany henderson got a bear hug from mitchell as well. "i'm just full of gratitude for both of those kids," he said. mathies was happy to share the special milestone moment with mitchell, who was presented with a framed, commemorative print, in front of the home crowd. "he is very passionate and he really loves his job and being here at kentucky," mathies said. "to get a win on senior night, and it being our last night against a rivalry team, i think it was meant to be." mathies vs. simmons two of the frontrunners for southeastern conference player of the year, mathies and tennessee's meighan simmons, spent a lot of time trying to best one another. mathies ended her memorial coliseum career with points going -for-from the field , four rebounds, four assists, four steals and two blocks. she scored of her points in the second half. simmons, guarded by mathies most of the game, went -for-for points, seven rebounds and two assists. she also had six turnovers and a healthy respect for mathies. "a'dia mathies is a great player," simmons said. "she made me better today, honestly. she made sure i didn't get anything easy, and it just makes me works twice as hard." if seeds hold in the southeastern conference tournament bracket, saturday's semifinals in duluth, ga., could be a humdinger. the first semifinal would set up to be no. tennessee vs. no. texas a m and the second would be no. kentucky vs. no. georgia, which topped the cats -and ended uk's home win streak at straight on feb. . on friday night at p.m., uk will face the winner of the missouri-vanderbilt game, two teams the cats dispatched easily in the regular season, on the teams' respective home floors. jennifer smith: 859 231-. twitter: blog: ukwomen.bloginky.com
__label__non_math	0.9997	- road to the kentucky derby - racing wagering flashback meets goldencents in san felipe flashback had little difficulty when making his stakes debut in the grade robert b. lewis, dominating on the front end against three overmatched rivals, but the unbeaten colt will face a much sterner class check when he faces goldencents in saturday's grade , san felipe at santa anita. goldencents exits a pair of nice wins in the grade sham and grade delta jackpot. an eight-horse field is set for the -mile lewis, which will award the top four finishers points on -scale as part of the new "road to the kentucky derby" scoring system, and flashback and goldencents are the likely one-two choices in the betting, at much shorter odds than the remaining six contestants. a gray son of tapit, flashback won at first asking on december , rallying from just off the pace to score going away by lengths at seven furlongs, and entered his sophomore season as a well-regarded prospect for hall of fame trainer bob baffert, a three-time kentucky derby winner. the colt lived up to expectations when making his stakes bow in the february lewis, winning by an easy -length margin, but it looked more like a paid workout than a true indication of his ability as flashback controlled a slow pace from the start. his mettle figures to get tested saturday and flashback will likely revert to rating tactics with regular rider julien leparoux. he will concede three pounds to his main rival as the 123-pound topweight and breaks from post . goldcents will start to the immediate outside of flashback with a returning kevin krigger. trained by doug o'neill, whose i'll have another narrowly defeated the baffert-trained bodemeister in both the kentucky derby and preakness last year, goldencents will bring a three for four mark into the san felipe. following a scintillating -length debut win at del mar, goldencents displayed nice class when shipping to belmont park for his lone setback, a runner-up effort behind eventual two-year-old champion shanghai bobby in the grade champagne last october. his connections decided to skip the breeders' cup and the bay son of into mischief concluded his juvenile season on an excellent note, posting a convincing -length score in the delta jackpot. goldencents showed high speed in his first three outings, but he conceded the early advantage when making his bow against four rivals in the january sham. he had to work harder than expected that afternoon as the -choice, but went on to record a -length decision over a suspect group of rivals. the speedy colt figures to be sharper for this engagement, posting five consecutive bullet works in preparation, and goldencents will be the one to catch if he breaks running as expected. stakes winner carving is the possible third choice in the wagering. the baffert trainee exits a troubled fourth in the grade el camino real derby on tapeta and figures to be running late with rafael bejarano up. omega star turned in an impressive showing when easily breaking his maiden two back and the california-bred gelding will step up to face open rivals for john shirreffs off a decent second in the california breeders' champion on january . the fast-finishing winner of that event, tiz a minister, is also entered in the san felipe. san pedro runner-up hear the ghost will make his first attempt at two turns for trainer jerry hollendorfer, and maiden winners kochees and salutos amigos complete the field.
__label__non_math	0.6411	most active stories launch logistics: speedy rocket, slow electronics weird things jump out at me in press releases. take the press kit nasa prepared for the grail mission. grail consists of two nearly identical spacecraft that are on their way to the moon. once there, they will make a precise map of the moon's gravitational field. such a map will help scientists refine their theories about how the moon formed and what the interior is made of. so i'm reading through the grail press kit, learning about the size of the spacecraft washing machine-sized , how long it will take to make the map approximately three months , and where the mission control room is at a lockheed martin facility just outside of denver . i also learn that grail can launch any day between sept. and oct. . and then i get to this sentence: "on each day, there are two separate, instantaneous launch opportunities separated in time by approximately minutes." that's weird. now, i wasn't surprised that this mission had an extremely precise launch opportunity "instantaneous" means the launch window is essentially a second long. i know you have to wait until the moon's orbit around the earth, and earth's orbit around the sun, and the earth's rotation around its axis are all in exactly the right position before you can launch your rocket. but what's up with two instantaneous launch opportunities. why minutes apart? i called the nasa press office. they were stumped and promised they'd find someone who could give me the answer. in the meantime, i called several universities with large aerospace programs, and asked if anyone there had the answer. nope. nada. nothing. so now this is beginning to bug me. i'm also beginning to worry. if an aerospace engineer can't figure this out, how am i ever going to understand it? while i'm pondering this, grail deputy project manager tom hoffman called. i asked him about the two instantaneous launch opportunities. "it's a pretty simple answer not driven by the mission at all," hoffman told me. "it's driven by the launch vehicle." the launch vehicle? not orbital mechanics or a complex trajectory? the problem, hoffman said, is some slow electronics. there is actually a launch window of minutes or so each day. modern computers in modern rockets can calculate the precise direction the rocket needs to launch on a second-by-second basis. but grail was launching on a delta ii rocket, and hoffman told me the delta ii rocket is a rather old design. it's been around for more than years, "and so the rocket just can't, it can't do that internally, in its own computer system. it basically has to be fed all the information," he said. hoffman said it takes about minutes to load in the new information, and then check to make sure that it was loaded correctly. not the answer i was expecting, but there's something oddly pleasing about a brand-new space mission launching with some rather old electronics. whatever works ... as the saying goes.
__label__non_math	0.9994	most active stories it's all politics outspoken alan grayson gets another chance in congress originally published on fri among the more than house freshmen who were sworn in this week, there were several who had been there before including florida democrat alan grayson. after starting his first term four years ago, grayson quickly made a name for himself with biting comments targeting republicans like when he said during the health care debate: "if you get sick, america, the republican health care plan is this: die quickly." his national stature didn't prevent him from being defeated in . but now grayson is back. 'the people united' about people mostly members of the area's large puerto rican community gathered in orlando recently for a candlelight vigil to draw attention to the gun violence claiming lives in puerto rico, florida and newtown, conn. grayson, who was among those speaking, said the first step toward stopping violence is overcoming community apathy. "that, in the end, is the only and the only true solution to our problems," he said, then began a chant: "the people united can never be defeated." it's a chant more often heard from labor organizers than from congressmen. although he was out of congress for two years, grayson never really went away. he continued fundraising and working for progressive causes and was a regular guest on msnbc and other cable channels. in november, he easily won in a newly drawn district that is percent hispanic. grayson says his progressive views appeal to his latino constituents. "they have social needs that generally mean that they ally themselves with progressive forces and, in many cases, represent and embody those progressive forces," he says. "many of the most liberal members of the incoming congress right now, the new members of congress, are hispanics." 'i just say what others are thinking' like many floridians, grayson is originally from up north new york. he worked his way through harvard, earning a law degree and a master's in public policy. before entering politics, he made millions as the head of a telecommunications company and as an attorney who prosecuted contract fraud cases against defense contractors. grayson says he has developed a national following because he just says "what others are thinking." asked, for example, about the prospects for the house to pass gun-control legislation in the new session, he's skeptical. "i think many republican members of congress are afraid that if they supported anything resembling reasonable gun control, they would lose the next primary," he says. "and the nra would see to it they lost the next primary." it's the kind of unvarnished comment that in his first term made grayson a hero to many liberal democrats and a villain to many conservative republicans. in , he won in a traditionally republican district in the democratic wave that elected obama. two years later, he lost his bid for re-election by a wide margin. david wasserman, an analyst with cook political report, says in this year's successful election bid, grayson's campaign seemed to tone down his activist image. "is there a chance that he's a more civil member over the next two years? i think only time will tell," wasserman says. "but there are some indications that he's a wiser person for having won and lost before." becoming a whip but grayson says don't count on him toning down his comments now that he's back in washington. for example, when asked if he thinks republicans could successfully appeal to hispanic voters, he says no. "because for every hispanic vote they pick up, they'll lose four or five racist votes," he says. "the republican party has been in many respects, with all due respect, the party of racism in this country, going back to the time of nixon. i don't see that changing anytime soon." grayson says he sees things in black and white. on bipartisanship, he says americans shouldn't be fooled into thinking it's a magic wand that can bridge the gap between the two parties. this term, for the first time, grayson joins the democratic leadership in the house winning the job of regional whip. surely, that calls for him to change his style? "well, let me put it this way: i know how to handle the whip," he says. but does that mean he'll need to be more moderate in his approach to people? "is that how you see people who wield whips, as moderates?" he says. "that's interesting. i never really thought of it that way. i'll have to give that some thought." grayson says the main way in which this term will be different from his first stint in congress is that he's now in a safe district. he beat his opponent by points which means he's likely to be there for some time to come.
__label__non_math	0.9999	mtn nigeria recruits event sponsorship specicalist jobs vacancy nigeria mtn nigeria the leader in telecommunications in nigeria, and a part of a diverse community in africa and the middle east, our brand is instantly recognisable. it is through our compelling brand that we are able to attract the right talents who we carefully nurture by continuously improving our employment offerings even beyond reward and recognition. mtn nigeria is recruiting to fill the below position: job title: event sponsorship specicalist department: marketing and strategy reporting to: sponsorships events manager articulate knowledge of property issues, administration and problems. liaise with sales and distribution, billings, corporate affairs and network group especially for launch events and special events. liaise with finance to have an understanding of finance functions and financial issues and process. develop work plan in alignment with strategy. ensure that projects are delivered on budget and on time. manage relationship with finance to ensure that funds are available for projects in line with the budget. monitor and evaluate sponsorship, event and direct marketing agencies and campaigns. manage company expectations and standards for property owners and list owners. incorporate trade channels in all sponsorships. involve corporate affairs in sponsorships, giving enough time for activation. normal mtn working conditions. willing to travel a lot and travel at short notice. bachelors degree in a business related or social science discipline. at least years work experience. at least years experience in sponsorships and events. marketing experience, either on the client s side or the agency side. application closing date 7th january, method of application interested and qualified candidates should: click here to apply online
__label__non_math	0.9184	worries ends where keon begins we have been the leading force in the supply of spare parts for diesel generators. a trusted service provider offering diesel generator on hire basis. on-site repairs for different kinds of generators. keeping your generator in good working order is a dual process of regular maintenance and prompt repair when a problem is noticed. we are the stockiest of standard custom made quality parts, constructed to be in adherence to the industrial standards. we are the stockiest of standard custom made quality parts, constructed to be in adherence to the industrial standards. the replacement maintenance products are applicable to caterpillar cummins diesel engines covering popular models. we are manufacturing our generators with recon engines. engines are reconditioned modified on the manufacturer's guidelines in our workshop under supervision of mechanical engineers. we give one year warranty against manufacturing fault. our hallmark, quality, reliability integrity, is the result of focused teamwork, congenial work conditions a profound feeling of job satisfaction. kpms has rental power units for wide range of power needs. ranging in size from 125 kva to kva and of renowned brands of caterpillar cummins. industries in which our rental generators have been used include construction, mining, oil gas, retail, services, telecommunications, utilities more.
__label__non_math	1.0000	please go to empire kerry blue terrier club serving the tri-state area since the objectives of the club are: a to encourage and promote quality in the breeding of pure-bred kerry blue terriers and to do all possible to bring their natural qualities to perfection; to urge members and breeders to accept the standard of the breed as approved by the american kennel club as the only standard of excellence by which kerry blue terriers shall be judged; to do all in its power to protect and advance the interests of the breed by encouraging sportsmanlike competition at dog shows and obedience trials; to conduct sanctioned and licensed specialty shows and obedience trials under the rules of the american kennel club. spring specialty meeting: planting fields, oyster bay luncheon board general meeting to follow for membership application and code of ethics for empire kerry blue terrier club, please click here. for information or questions about empire kerry blue terrier club pna fund for kerry blue terriers, sponsored by the empire kerry blue terrier club. donations to this fund are tax deductible. you may make donations in memory of a loved one, either human or canine. donations can be made by individuals and or other clubs. the following information is for mailing your donation: - check made out to: akc canine health foundation - note on check: for empire kerry blue terrier fund for pna - mail to: akc canine health foundation - p.o. box - raleigh, nc - questions email kunze ekbtc treasurer - or call 631 474-. please send a donation now, finding a dna marker for this dreaded disease is just around the corner. thank you. : events : by-laws : code of ethics : : rescue : links : home : empire kerry blue terrier club.
__label__non_math	0.9998	remember the time united airlines broke a guitar? dave carroll does. he's the musician who three years ago turned his misfortune into an internet sensation. his video, "united breaks guitars," got a million views in just four days and prompted the airline to offer him compensation. but despite struggling with the airline for months, carroll turned down the money because he wanted something bigger: he wanted to reform the system. carroll is not the first angry customer to take his complaints online. rants abound on video sharing sites; many feature nothing more than the offended party on a webcam spinning a tale of woe. that's what made carroll's video stand out. the canadian crooner spent seven months putting together a song and video. his real time and real talent combined to make something that people could really enjoy. "if you are ranting or raving, people will listen for a second, but they won't want to join your cause," carroll explains. after months of struggling with united, that's what carroll had -- a cause. hln's clark howard has a cause, too. he covers all things consumer-related and to carroll's advice, he suggests adding another element: "something that makes people laugh and makes them angry at the same time." one atlanta couple, ken and meredith williams, recently learned first hand how this mix of outrage and humor can get the public on your side and sway a large corporation. their story starts about six months ago when the newlyweds found themselves in a rather intractable situation trying to buy their first home. "we knew that the people we were dealing with weren't hateful people," meredith williams recalls, but along their -day odyssey they couldn't help but wonder. after meeting in graduate school, the couple got married and moved to atlanta. then came time to buy their first home. the two had good jobs, steady income and they wanted to buy a modest home within their financial reach. "we put in an offer on sept. . we wanted to close -- we were told we would close," ken recalls. but when "we came up to oct. , and nothing was appearing to be falling place." sitting around their dining room table, the williamses rattle off all the missed deadlines and infuriating delays that tangled up their lives for weeks on end. they say paperwork wouldn't make it to the correct office, phone calls and emails would go unreturned. one of their bank contacts even quit and failed to pass along their file; "her emails just started bouncing" meredith williams says, shaking her head at the memory. all the while the couple scrambled to meet the sellers' demands while living out of boxes. "we were ready to unpack," meredith williams says. early on, when things first started going wrong, they saved emails. so after missing the projected closing date, with fees beginning to pile up and only radio silence from the bank, they turned their in-boxes into a weapon. "i just thought we just have to do something -- there is some kind of power we can leverage," meredith williams says. so while she hit the keyboard to share the story on their blog, ken williams picked up his guitar. two hours later, he emerged, "he was like, 'i wrote a song,' " meredith williams giggles. what started with a song became a custom video featuring the couple and their cats, pleading with bank of america to the tune of "bret, you got it going on" from the hbo show "flight of the conchords." "the goal was never to get thousands of people to tweet," meredith williams says. that's a good thing because the video didn't exactly go viral nothing close to carroll's million views , but it did get a good deal of attention. local news outlets picked up the couple's story and within hours, the bank got in touch. they now had the ear of top people at the bank. with that, their hopeless situation, weeks of unreturned phone calls and volumes of paperwork came to a close. "we wrote the song on day and posted it on day and we closed on day ," ken williams says. their prize, a charming brick bungalow on a quiet street, is small and neat. as the couple walk through, they sound like many new homeowners pointing out all the projects. "there must have been a fire sale on molding" says meredith williams, gesturing toward the oak-filled kitchen. some big things needed work too. the couple put in new wiring, duct work and plumbing. these projects aren't flashy or exciting, but the pair shows them off with pride. that construction, in part, explains what held up their loan, says terry francisco, a bank of america spokesman. the williamses applied for a 203 k loan, which allows for renovations. francisco says this type of loan can actually take some days to close. realtors and mortgage brokers confirmed that 203 k loans typically take much longer to close than a standard loan. francisco did apologize for other hang-ups in the williams' case, and he said the couple's experience prompted "a tightening of procedures" at the bank. the combination of humor and an outrageous story got the williams the attention they needed. the combination worked for carroll too. his efforts not only got him offers of compensation but even now, three years on, he travels around the world bringing his mix of music and message to places such as russia, australia and soon south africa. he also published a book about his experience and launched a website, gripevine.com, that helps people elevate and escalate their problems. looking back, both the williamses and carroll say the intent behind the video is as important to getting noticed as the message. "i'm not against companies, i'm not trying to take down companies," carroll says. rather, they agree, it's about giving companies and the people who work for them the opportunity to make things right. but even if a viral video doesn't get you want you want, all three say the process affords a measure of control -- something they'd lost in what carroll calls the "customer service maze" and meredith called the "black hole of customer service." so it's no surprise that all three say they would make another video if they found themselves in a similar situation.
__label__non_math	0.9999	grinch arrested for telling kids there's no santa police say intoxicated man spilled beans during parade a man has been arrested in canada for "outing" santa claus to children along a christmas parade route. the -year-old man, whose hair was gelled to look like horns coming out of his head, had been walking the parade route in kingston, ontario, and telling kids that santa doesn't exist, the huffington post reported. he was charged with causing a disturbance, public intoxication and a probation violation. the man spent the night in jail while he sobered up and posted bail the next morning. "it was pretty despicable that someone, during this time of the year, would tell kids santa isn t real -- which of course we would argue," kingston police const. steve koopman told the toronto star. distributed by internet broadcasting. this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
__label__non_math	1.0000	episode description: takes a very human look at the diverse stories of ordinary people who inspire others to extraordinary accomplishments. cc rating: tv-none exempt from ratings system no upcoming airdates. - ket2: tuesday, at est first aired: tuesday, excluding any air dates prior to june price available upon request. home videos not available.
__label__non_math	0.9554	what is the keystone xl pipeline? the ,700-mile long keystone xl pipeline would connect the alberta oil sand fields in canada to refineries in texas. the multi-billion dollar project is being proposed by transcanada, a canadian energy company. transcanada has been attempting to get a permit for the pipeline for over three years. the proposed line would travel through six u.s. states: montana, south dakota, nebraska, kansas, oklahoma, and texas. the line would cross through counties in north and east texas. the pipeline itself would be inches around. since the pipeline crosses international borders, transcanada needs to obtain a presidential permit through the state department for construction of the portion of the pipeline that goes from canada to the u.s. on , transcanada announced it would start construction on a section of its keystone xl pipeline from cushing, oklahoma to texas...
__label__non_math	0.9996	omaha police were called early friday to reports of a shooting at westroads mall where nine people were killed five years ago. officers were sent to the mall after people inside called 911 to report gunfire around a.m. friday. authorities said they received six calls from people at westroads, most of which reported shots had been fired. witnesses told ketv newswatch the incident happened near younkers on the west side of the mall. officer james shade confirms a fight did happen at the mall friday, but no shots were fired. shade said customers heard the sounds of trash cans being knocked over. police said no one was injured, but darell richards, , was arrested on suspicion of disorderly conduct. calls poured into the ketv newsroom with reports of customers running from the mall and others hiding in store bathrooms. a separate incident at the oak view mall had people there on edge as well. authorities confirmed calls to 911 from people at that mall around a.m. most of the calls reported gunfire. police said a scuffle ensued after a woman suspected of shoplifting used pepper spray on security officers and a store employee. chalonda d. jenkins, , was booked on suspicion of shoplifting, assault, disorderly conduct and criminal impersonation. robert hawkins, , killed eight people and himself at westroads' von maur store on .
__label__non_math	0.9998	from paychecks to investments, money earned by nebraska families is on the line as washington tries to reach a consensus to prevent the country from falling over the fiscal cliff . the way it looks right now, the average middle class family would pay about ,400 more in taxes a year. with their toes dangling over the edge of the so-called fiscal cliff, there s a chasm between democrats and republicans. i wish they d quit drawing lines in the playground sand and come together as adults and deal with the issue, said michelle banks, from omaha. i understand the need for bigger tax revenue, but the bigger concern for me is curbing the spending, said michael geis. no deal means there is nothing for the senate and house to vote on. late sunday afternoon, legislators bridged what they called a major setback . republicans pulled out one piece of their offer to avoid the fiscal fallout. i was really happy that republicans took the cuts to social security off the table, said senate majority leader, senator harry reid. but the truth is they never should have been on the table to begin with." senate minority leader, senator mitch mcconnell said he reached out to vice president biden while waiting for democrats to counteroffer. i want everyone to know i m willing to get this done, said sen. mcconnell. but i need a dance partner. it s hard to dance around the issue that no deal means your taxes will rise. the payroll tax funding social security goes up percent, costing you, on average, about or more.
__label__non_math	0.9831	the aviation sector is renowned as a carbon intensive business, but an increasing number of airports are looking to change that by integrating the latest green-tech into their daily operations. air travel and transport accounts for two percent of all human generated greenhouse gas emissions, according to the intergovernmental panel on climate change ipcc -- with airports contributing five percent to the overall aviation figure. by adapting clean energy policies and technologies, eco-conscious airport operators hope to make a dent in these numbers and boost the industry's environmental street-cred. "we are making our airports greener, while balancing the tremendous economic impacts they deliver for our region," says amy malick, deputy commissioner of sustainability for the chicago department of aviation cda , which will host the fifth annual airports going green conference this november. the conference provides a platform for over 400 airport executives and green thinkers from around the world to present programs, strategies, and lessons-learned regarding airport sustainability. " we are committed to implementing sustainable initiatives at our airports that enhance the quality of life for citizens," she adds. malick highlights how the cda has installed over 230,000 square feet of vegetated roof space at chicago o'hare and midway international airport, ensured all chicago airport trucks are fueled with ultra-low sulfur diesel gas and insisted recycled materials are utilized in all airports when possible. as a result, the cda has saved ,000 tons of co2 from being pumped out by chicago's airports alone, she claims. across the u.s. like-minded schemes are taking off with increasing regularity. airports such as boston logan and denver international now generate a small percentage of their energy requirements from renewable energy sources such as on site wind and solar . in europe meanwhile airports have joined the airport carbon accreditation program, which recognizes innovative eco-airport efforts. a further five sites have signed up to the scheme in asia.
__label__non_math	0.9989	"out of an abundance of caution," american airlines said tuesday it would inspect boeing 757 airplanes after seats on two of the company's jetliners came loose. a boeing 757 from boston to miami carrying 175 passengers diverted to new york's john f. kennedy airport on saturday when three seats in row came loose shortly after takeoff. a second american boeing 757 returned to jfk on monday morning after a similar seat issue was discovered. "originally, american planned to evaluate the seats on eight boeing 757 airplanes, but out of an abundance of caution, the decision was made to proactively evaluate a total of boeing 757 airplanes that have the same model main cabin seats with a common locking mechanism," company spokeswoman andrea huguely said in a statement. "american's internal investigation has focused on one of three types of main cabin seats on the 757s and how the rows of these three seats fit into the track that is used to secure the rows to the floor of the airplanes. our maintenance and engineering teams have discovered that the root cause is a saddle clamp improperly installed on the foot of the row leg," she said. the clamps were used on of the company's 102 boeing 757 airplanes. so far, american airlines has inspected planes and found that six -- including the two involved in the recent diversions -- had seats that were not properly secured. not all of the seats were loose, the company said, but they had the potential to become so. eleven aircraft still need to be inspected. huguely said the seats issue does not appear to be connected to any one work group or maintenance facility, and apologized for any inconvenience to customers. "safety is -- and always will be -- american's top concern," the spokeswoman said. the federal aviation authority is looking into the incidents of loose seats, which are the latest in a string of woes for american airlines.
__label__non_math	0.9101	hands on activitythe english designer william morris was influenced by indian patterns when he designed this block printed cotton fabric in . other british designers used indian patterns, such as 'paisley'. using factories, british cloth makers were able to make cheaper fabrics and sell it in india in victorian times. indian weavers spun, wove and decorated their cloth in their own homes and this made it more expensive, so many of them went out of business. have a look at the images below. they show some designs, cloth printing and the blocks used to print cloths. you would need to print with your block thousands of time to decorate a large piece of cloth by hand. you can make a printing block using a potato - it's much easier to carve than wood you will need: a big potato paper for your pattern a small knife with a pointed end or a scalpel fabric paints or dyes - use indigo, turmeric or henna if you want to make authentic indian colours paper plates for mixing colours . cut your potato in half and leave it to dry for a few hours. if you want, you can slice off the edges to make a square, which will be easier to line up when you print. you can also use a polystyrene ceiling tile, with the pattern drawn into it. you can buy real wood printing blocks in some indian shops if you want to print from wood. . design your printing block pattern on thin white paper, filling in the areas to be cut out. remember to make the pattern no larger than the potato. cut the paper centimetre bigger than the design. . tape your paper design onto the dry potato. . get an adult to help with this part. using the sharp knife or scalpel, cut out your design. . mix your dyes or fabric paints on the paper plate. if you are using an indian dye such as turmeric make it into quite a thick paste. . paint the dye onto your potato block, or press the block into the dye on the plate. . practice printing the block on some scrap paper before you try it on the fabric. . print the pattern onto the fabric. it looks best when you print repeated patterns, or try different colours next to each other. keep the patterns in line using a long ruler. . leave the fabric to dry. need some inspiration? have a look at the some victorian paisley patterns. you can have a go at a block printing activity in this museum open learning initiative activity. wooden blocks are available ready made from parrotfish. have a look at some william morris designs and download some wallpaper.
__label__non_math	0.9965	need more than one report? a key note subscription could save you over . call today for more details and a free online demonstration . want to view this report? in order to view this report you will need to purchase a subscription or login using your academic account. please see below for options on how to continue...
__label__non_math	1.0000	...your activity looks similar to automated requests from a computer virus or spyware application. to protect our users, we can't process your request for information right now. we'll restore your access as quickly as possible, so try again soon. if you're continually receiving this error, you may be able to resolve the problem by deleting your keywordspy cookie and revisiting keywordspy. for browser-specific instructions, please consult your browser's online support center. we apologize for the inconvenience, and hope we'll see you again soon on keywordspy.
__label__non_math	1.0000	scott petrak, of the medina county gazette, reports cleveland browns cb brandon mcdonald shoulder practiced thursday, dec. , and will play in week . access more brandon mcdonald news and rumors by clicking here.... for additional nfl information, please view kffl's nfl hot off the wire.
__label__non_math	1.0000	atlanta braves rp jonny venters elbow may go to triple-a gwinnett friday, july , for a couple of rehab appearances. access more jonny venters news and rumors by clicking here.... for additional mlb information, please view kffl's mlb hot off the wire.
__label__non_math	0.9996	seppo evwarayefree agent ht: . week by week mon, jul : - kevin seifert, of the minneapolis star tribune, reports the minnesota vikings have been assigned ot seppo evwaraye as part of the nfl's international development practice squad program. evwaraye is a native of finland and will remain on the vikings' practice squad for the entire season. sun, may : - darin gantt, of the rock hill herald, reports the carolina panthers have not waived rookie free agent ol seppo evwaraye nebraska , in fact, they never actually signed him. he agreed to a three-year deal with a ,500 signing bonus, but won't collect until he obtains a work visa. the visa issues have prevented him from actually signing his contract with the team. thu, may : - the carolina panthers have waived rookie free agent ol seppo evwaraye. he had visa issues earlier this offseason. mon, may : - darin gantt, of the rock hill herald, reports undrafted rookie free agent ol seppo evwaraye missed the team's minicamp because he was unable to clear up his work visa. evwaraye came from finland as an exchange student and went to nebraska, but never filed for work papers with the government since he did not work his four years at the school. he has not officially signed his contract with the team due to the hang-up, but hopes to have everything resolved before the team's summer sessions which begin may . mon, may : - the lincoln journal star reports the carolina panthers have agreed to terms with undrafted rookie free agent ol seppo evwaraye nebraska . sun, mar : - gil brandt, of nfl.com, reports nebraska ot seppo evwaraye measured a height of - and a weight of 319 pounds at his pro day. he ran the -yard dash with times of .seconds and .seconds and finished the short shuttle in .seconds and the three-cone drill in .seconds. he measured a -inch vertical jump while completing repetitions on the 225-pound bench press. more player news ...
__label__non_math	0.9903	dallas bakerfree agent ht: . week by week wed, oct : - paul kuharsky, of espn.com, reports the houston texans worked out free-agent wr dallas baker steelers , te carson butler lions , wr pat carter buccaneers , wr chris davis titans , and te dezmond sherrod steelers tuesday, oct. . sat, sep : - gerry dulac, of the pittsburgh post-gazette, reports the pittsburgh steelers have released qb mike reilly, pk piotr czech, ot jeremy parquet, dt steve mclendon, te dezmond sherrod, cb roy lewis, lb andy shantz, lb tom korte, wr dallas baker, wr tyler grisham and wr brandon m. williams. thu, sep : - the associated press reports pittsburgh steelers dt scott paxson concussion , wr dallas baker hip and wr tyler grisham shoulder all left the team's preseason finale thursday, sept. , with injuries. tue, aug : - ed bouchette, of the pittsburgh post-gazette, reports if for no other reason than process of elimination, he believes wr limas sweed will be the pittsburgh steelers no. receiver this year. bouchette said he does not believe wr shaun mcdonald is physical enough and wr mike wallace may not have the experience despite having speed. he notes wr dallas baker is a wildcard in the competition. sat, nov : - the pittsburgh steelers announced saturday, nov. , that they have released wr dallas baker. wed, oct : - pittsburgh steelers wr dallas baker shoulder participated in practice wednesday, oct. . he is considered questionable for the team's week game. tue, oct : - pittsburgh steelers wr dallas baker shoulder is expected to practice wednesday, oct. , and is questionable for week . tue, sep : - pittsburgh steelers head coach mike tomlin said wide receivers dallas baker and limas sweed will compete for the fourth receiver spot in week . fri, jan : - the pittsburgh steelers announced they signed wr dallas baker to a futures contract friday, jan. . terms of the deal were not disclosed. sun, sep : - the pittsburgh steelers have announced they have signed unrestricted free-agent wr dallas baker steelers to their practice squad. more player news ...
__label__non_math	0.9999	pressure : .in dewpoint : . wind : south abdullah will sit out several practices due to injury nebraska running back coach ron brown said it best january 1st. he sounded a tone of optimism, even though the huskers had lost to the georgia bulldogs in the capital one bowl. "we're close" he said meaning close to a league championship and return trip to college football's top . much of that anticipated success no doubt rests on the shoulders of junior running back ameer abdullah. after quite a scare in saturday's scrimmage, it appears a knee injury he suffered isn't as serious as first thought. however, coach bo pelini said the junior running back from hopewell, alabama will sit out a few practices, but could return to play in the red-white spring game april 6th at memorial stadium. ameer led the huskers running for yards on 226 carries with rushing touchdowns and a five yard a carry average. bo might keep him out of the rest of spring ball to get a look at the other backs competing for playing time once the season opens august 31st against the wyoming cowboys. sophomore offensive lineman and former crete cardinal ryne reeves is out for the rest of spring ball with an injured ankle. coach pelini called the husker scrimmage satuday "mentally weak." the team has two more practices this week before taking days off for spring break. workouts resumes march 25th ahead of the red-white scrimmage.. khastv on facebook
__label__non_math	0.9998	willing to buy a second hand tvs bike but don t know from where to get it. khojle counters all your queries and provides the superlative deal on buying and selling of tvs bikes at a reasonable price point. khojle endows you with all the details about the tvs latest launches, most preferred model on tvs bikes, best second hand deal on tvs bikes and also allow you to compare between two tvs bikes simultaneously in terms of their price, color, and other technical classification. khojle allows you to advertise your second hand product for free and place a free classified ads on the website.
__label__non_math	1.0000	of 129 credit: getty images new orleans, la - january : people walk past muscians in jackson square in the french quarter on in new orleans, louisiana. photo by rob carr getty images khou-tv, inc., a subsidiary of belo corp. . powered by broadcast interactive media.
__label__non_math	0.7952	the clubs inconsistent league form is the reason for pellegrino being fired which includes a -beating against malaga last week following a disappointing -loss to atletico madrid. in a statement on the club's website, president manuel llorente said: "after the match with real sociedad , we had been exchanging views, and we have taken the decision to dismiss coach mauricio pellegrino. "it was a decision which, as you can all imagine, was painful, but we think that within the scope of our responsibility, we have to take such decisions. in all the time i've been at valencia, this is the first time we have removed a coach. i feel responsible, i'm the president. "after analysis of the encounter and our form since we started the season, this is what had to be done. and it hurts a lot, because i have always held mauricio in very high regard. "the intention is that we take the team to the champions league, it is our responsibility to take decisions to straighten our future. it is more comfortable not to take it, but we are obliged to." assistant coach voro will take temporary charge of first-team affairs as they begin the search for pellegrino's replacement.
__label__non_math	1.0000	why work at kidspeace? there are thousands of kids success stories that inspire and reward staff members who often say, this is why i come to work every day. with an extended family of nearly nationwide staff, kidspeace provides mental and behavioral health services to children and teens who need help overcoming issues that interfere with their ability to thrive and effectively progress toward independent adulthood. our employees are committed to kidspeace because they know that they are helping kids heal and grow every day. they feel appreciated for their hard work and know that they have many opportunities for advancement. they receive strong support, training, education and recognition for their skills and efforts. staff share the same goals and determination to form strong bonds as they work together to help children in their care. kidspeace is a charitable organization that has been serving children in crisis since . employees are all trained in the kidspeace way, which is a consistent environment and philosophy that provides a familiar operating atmosphere and continuity of care that make transfer between locations and programs smooth and simple for both clients and employees. kidspeace encourages advancement, growth and job satisfaction for all staff members. our employees find kidspeace a rewarding and exciting place to work that offers unequaled experience for individuals who share our commitment to helping kids in crisis. contact kidspeace today to learn about the opportunities that await you.
__label__non_math	1.0000	easy, family friendly recipes each week bacon and egg pies recipe the crust on these filling bacon and egg pies are made with bread. this is a perfect brunch, light lunch or lunch box filler. - vegetable oil spray - onion, diced - rashers bacon, diced - slices wholemeal bread, crusts removed - eggs - cup milk - tbsp flat-parsley, chopped preheat oven to 180 c or 160 c fan-forced. spray a -cup texas muffin tin with oil and set aside. spray oil in a frying pan; over medium heat, cook the onion and bacon until the onion is translucent. push the bread into the muffin tin and spoon in the bacon and onion mixture. in a bowl, whisk together egg, milk and parsley and distribute evenly into the muffin tins. bake for minutes. leave to sit for mins before running a knife around the edges. serve. - when pouring in the egg mixture into the tins, it will overflow and then absorb down into the bread. it seems like it is too much but then is settles and you add the rest. - make these muffins more scrumptious by adding a little grated cheese on the top. - use your favourite bread. i prefer crunchy multigrain for the great texture it brings. - this recipe was created by jennifer cheung for kidspot, australia s best recipe finder. find related bacon recipes - asparagus with crispy bacon and potato - bacon and bean fettuccine - bacon and cobb loaf dip - bacon and egg cups - bacon and leek macaroni cheese - bacon and potato muffins - bacon and tomato pasta bake - bacon cheeseburger pasta - bacon leek pasta - bacon tomato and basil frittata - big breakfast - breakfast burritos - cheese and bacon rolls - chicken and bacon salad - chicken and pumpkin pasta bake - chicken blts - chicken risotto - creamy corn and bacon baked potatoes - easy zucchini slice - egg and vegetable omelette - fettuccini carbonara
__label__non_math	1.0000	easy, family friendly recipes each week easy five cup loaf recipe this cup loaf is easy and can be made from ingredients in your pantry. it's a great fallback recipe for when you are out of eggs. make and slice it for lunch box treats, or just pop it in the oven for afternoon tea. - cup self-raising flour - cup brown sugar - cup dessicated coconut - cup sultanas - cup milk pre-heat oven to 180 c. line a loaf tin with baking paper and set aside. mix all ingredients in a bowl. pour into lined tin. bake for -mins until cake springs back when lightly touched in the centre. - this is a favourite for lunch box treats at my place. - make sure you don't let it stand before it goes into the oven or all the sultanas will sink to the bottom. - this is a recipe that you can whip up from pantry ingredients. keep this recipe in your bag of tricks for when the budget is running low. - this recipe was created by jennifer cheung for kidspot, australia's best recipe finder.
__label__non_math	0.9679	ape face mask template making face masks are a simple and fun craft activity you can enjoy with kids of all ages. and once you have a completed face mask, your kids can get busy dressing-up and playing imaginary games. make this ape mask with these easy instructions. what you need: - ape face mask template - coloured pencils - craft knife - glue or sticky tape - string or elastic open the ape face mask template and print out. if you're using the black and white template, colour in both the ape face and the separate nose section. cut out both shapes. cut along the dotted lines in the ape face to allow the nose to slot into place. taking the nose, fold down along the dotted lines using the edge of a ruler to get a straight edge. glue or tape the 'paste' tabs under the side nose fold. attach the nose by slotting each tab into the matching tab slit in the mask. when each tab is in place, glue each to the underside of the mask. place sticky tape over the tab on each side of the mask for added strength, then make a hole through the tape and the tab using a hole punch. tie a length of string or elastic to each side of the mask so it holds firmly to your child's face.
__label__non_math	0.9996	miss morgan's meals let miss morgan's meals help you be the super mum dad by taking the hassle out of meal times. healthy and nutritious meals delivered to your door. wherever possible, ingredients are sourced from local markets and the meat is free range, chemical and hormone free. all meals are freshly made, then chilled: all you need to do is heat and serve, adding your own sides salad, vegetables, pasta, rice etc to place an order email me direct on: firstname.lastname click 'visit website' for more information. user reviewsuser reviews - see how kidspot parents share their recommendations as a busy mum of miss morgan's meals has definately made evenings much more relaxed in our house. there is such a great selection all the meals are healthy delicious. the fact that they are delivered straight to our front door is sensational. rebecca is wonderful.
__label__non_math	1.0000	men's volleyball pan american cup preparing for the world championship of volleyball this september in italy, the us national volleyball team will try to three-peat their crown at the norceca men s pan american volleyball cup. from may -29th, the top teams from north and south america will battle for the volleyball pan-am cup in san juan, puerto rico. the us national volleyball team is one of the most dominating sport teams in the world. they have gold medals in the past summer olympic games including the gold medal at the last olympics in beijing, china. clay stanley, the top scorer at the olympics in beijing, will be playing at this year s pan american cup. the american success at the pan-am cup has been outstanding winning out of the last cups and if they win this year it will be in a row brazil is currently ranked in the world for volleyball and they will be looking to stop win their first pan-am medal. volleyball is the second most popular sport in brazil next to soccer. on the beaches of brazil they even play a mixture of soccer and volleyball called footvolley, where you can only use your feet and head to play volleyball. it could be a great training technique that other countries could practice to improve their team play. the pan-am cup will have three pools of three teams each and their will be a round robin, followed by elimination rounds. here are the pools: - pool a: canada, brazil, columbia - pool b: usa, mexico, puerto rico - pool c: argentina, dominican republic, venezuela it s hard to follow this tournament on television, but if you manage to find out who wins, let us know what you thought in the comments below
__label__non_math	0.9971	this dog can fetch a stick from anywhere. this little guy was trying to get some of his toys behind the couch but instead he wound up getting stuck. he attempts to backflip from one pogp stick onto another. the team is back with an unstoppable fury as they are being chased by the police, alonzo and yuuma. vinnie, shorty and kiro's skills will be put to the test. hmm, he seems to be in a bit of a pickle. something doesn't feel right? do i have something on my face? he knocked the rest of his baby teeth out. not sure he even felt it. take control of any unit as you command your vast stick figure army
__label__non_math	1.0000	facethemusic on facebook the kelso folk club fans facebook extravaganza this entry was posted on saturday, at and is filed under news. you can follow any responses to this entry through the rss .feed. you can leave a response, or trackback from your own site. mail will not be published required notify me of follow-up comments by email. notify me of new posts by email. there are no upcoming events. add to google , kelso folk. . wp theme by gettemplate.com
__label__non_math	1.0000	published on wednesday, november - progress on our secondary construction project continues as expected. thompson concrete has been busy completing sidewalks and the north staircase, and some minor modifications to the curb and sidewalk on the northwest corner of the property. we're still waiting on some acoustical treatment samples that might be added to the top of the gymnasium walls. other options may include a site visit to inspect the product, performance, and then determine if it's necessary. we have a pre-installation meeting scheduled for next week with the floor and tile manufacturers. these meetings are advantageous to the coordination of dates and times, and review the detailed specifications of the blueprints. the ceiling grid of the office complex is complete and installers are now moving materials and man power to the bathrooms and brooks street lobby for completion. summit is responsible for fire protection, and is on site installing the piping and sprinkler heads throughout the project. please stop in for a visit with your questions and comments, and be sure to exercise caution when you're in the proximity of the construction zone. dear community friend: on behalf of the eden valley-watkins school district, administration and staff, we are very grateful for your continued support and commitment to improving educational opportunities for our students. our combined efforts and teamwork are having a positive impact on the students and families in our communities. together, our work is making a difference in many lives. during this special time of year, we are thankful for the opportunity to serve your child, and the impact our instruction is having on academic progress. we ask for your continued support and encouragement as we work together and move our students forward. every note, phone call and e-mail makes a significant contribution and lasting impression on our students lives and helps to advance our educational mission and academic goals. warmest wishes for a wonderful thanksgiving season america education week: in honor of american education week, the american legion post 381 and the american legion auxiliary unit 381 of eden valley provided the ev-w faculty and staff with apples on thursday, nov. . thank you quote of the week: "life doesn't require that we be the best, only that we try our best." -h. jackson brown jr. school board election: i'd like to thank our six school board candidates that ran for election on november 6th. due to their educational interest level and commitment to school-community, our school district will continue to thrive and provide multiple opportunities for our students to be successful. congratulations to sarah kuechle, shelley kern, bob stenger, and bob flaschenriem on your successful school board election. we look forward to working with you. senior of the week: the ev-w school district would like to recognize mitchell lease, son of david and deanna. mitchell is an outstanding art student and on path to graduate with college credits and .honor credits. his service and leadership has been demonstrated on the football field, basketball court, and many community events while working with youth. his teachers commend him on his kind heart, considerate mindset, and respectful demeanor. the ev-w school district is very proud of mitchell lease. congratulations
__label__non_math	1.0000	published on wednesday, november - proud grandparents chuck and marilynn sterling of kimball, and ron and sandy collins of hugo, minn., announce the arrival of hunter michael collins of camas, wash. baby hunter was born sept. , to catherine and brian collins. he joins brothers tyler and carter, and buddy dakota. he weighed pounds ounces, and was and three quarters inches long.
__label__non_math	0.9998	age: -years little ones can make flowers using muffin liners, glitter glue and buttons. what you need: glue we used glitter glue muffin liners we used some plain and some silver what you do: - let your little ones put glue on the construction paper whereever they would like to put a "flower". - have them place a muffin liner on the glue. repeat. - encourage your child student to put a dab of glue in the center of the muffin liner. - then, have them place a button on the glue dab. - to complete the picture, little ones can use markers to draw stems and leaves on the construction paper. andrea mulder-slater and kinderart
__label__non_math	0.9999	this is a clean and honest site about beautiful nude girls. we hope you enjoy kindgirls. do not forget to have a look at our free photo archive: photos in galleries, growing daily. we do not use pop-up ads windows. if you have this problem browsing this site, please check your computer: you may have some spyware installed that detects when visiting some adult sites and displays those annoying windows. lust cinema was launched in to provide a home for those seeking an alternative to mainstream porn: where the feminine viewpoint is vital, and eroticism and innovation are celebrated. live jasmin amateur girls with cams offering free chats and private sex shows from home. we recommend you to create a free account: girls usually ignore users without nickname. and please, be polite and kind. x-art offers beautiful, explicit erotic videos and photography. all shot with quality and clarity by brigham field and other top photographers. wowgirls the most beautiful girls online finely filmed in porn. passion-hd offers a diverse range of high quality girls, all shot with the very best cameras in a diverse range of sexual scenarios. this is a random selection from our photo archive. it changes hourly. what do you like or dislike about this site? help me improve it. if you have any comments or suggestions, please send a message to: email webmasters: thanks for thinking of us for your business but we are not interested in trading links or selling ads right now. i apologize for my english. corrections are welcomed. this site is labelled with rta to prevent entry by minors or other people who might be offended. all content on this site is used with the full permission of the respective owners, and is displayed for promotional purposes only. all models were years of age or older when photographed or filmed. support us by joining one of these great pay sites:
__label__non_math	0.9993	who would play heathcliff and catherine in a wuthering heights remake? of course, the original version of this movie was shot in starring laurence olivier and merle oberon as heathcliff and cathy, the novel s famous star-crossed lovers. my cathy, sabrina leon, is a young hollywood wild child in the lindsay lohan megan fox mold. but if i had to cast the film in real life i d probably go for a more mature actress, someone like a monica bellucci. the novel specifies a brunette, but in my mind she has to be curvaceous and womanly. heathcliff is a dark, wild, rugged hero, a walking ball of sexual energy. in my book he is played by viorel hudson, a smoldering brit with romanian gypsy origins. in reality, i guess javier bardem would be my top pick, although that may have more to do with my total sexual obsession with mr. penelope cruz than with his thespian abilities. then again, this is my imaginary movie so i can do what i like the real prerequisite for a great catherine and heathcliff however has to be sexual chemistry. they were, after all, the carrie and big of the yorkshire moors, the ross and rachel of late victorian literature, with their will they won t they romantic dynamic but of course with a hefty dose of pain, betrayal and even sadomasochism thrown in for good measure. few modern hollywood couples have that explosive chemistry, in my opinion, as epitomized by elizabeth taylor and richard burton. by comparison pitt and jolie are pale imitations. johnny depp and vanessa paradis had potential, but sadly they re now last year s model. who does that leave? daniel craig and rachel weisz? hmmm. i m not convinced about a blond heathcliff. although if anyone could pull it off, i reckon 007 s your man.
__label__non_math	1.0000	develop a rewarding lucrative career in kinesiology at the kinesiology institute we train those who are or want to become a health professional in holistic skills to help them transform the lives of their clients and themselves eliminating physical and psychological stress and pain and optimizing health and performance. we offer online training along with hands-on workshops in touch for health and energy kinesiology in northern and southern california and in baltimore, md. click on the links below to get details on each of these powerful programs. how to become a certified kinesiologist - a free online webinar click here to learn about our exciting holistic training program where you can develop a successful practice helping transform others health. applied kinesiology short cuts workshop with dr. sheldon deal in the newark, new jersey september , energy kinesiology practitioner training in la, san francisco baltimore - ceus touch for health kinesiology fundamentals in oakland, ca august - ceus touch for health kinesiology fundamentals online program - ceus for ncbtmb, abmp amta kinesiology certification and mentorship program - 500 hours of hands-on and online training this work can be highly effective to help eliminate acute and chronic pain, as well as alleviate emotional stress. it can increase range of motion, improve the health of organ and glandular systems and enhance both sports performance and recovery. you can use it to determine optimum nutrition and diet, clear negative beliefs and sabotage programs and raise consciousness levels. to discover more about what kinesiology is and how it can benefit you, check out what is kinesiology. to contact john by email click on this link:
__label__non_math	1.0000	imagine gasping for air because you can't catch your breath. it's a reality for many people with asthma, but now a new drug-free treatment may help more patients avoid trips to the hospital. asthma attacks send two million americans to the er every year. margot sidener is one of them. "i don't think anything is more frightening than not being able to breathe," said sidener. now patients like sidener have a new treatment option developed by asthmatx and just approved by the fda. it's called bronchial thermoplasty. during an outpatient procedure, a device is inserted through a tube in the nose or mouth. it sends radiofrequency energy, which heats the lungs and shrinks the muscle inside, dramatically reducing the airway's ability to close down. "we saw in our pivotal study a percent reduction in severe asthma attacks and an percent reduction in er visits," said glen french, ceo of asthmatx. sidener had to resort to the strong oral steroid prednisone to control her asthma attacks, which caused weight gain and weakened her immunity. the new treatment may help wean patients off and finally say goodbye to those powerful meds and all their side effects. "for people with uncontrolled asthma, this has a lot of promise, these are people who cannot get their asthma under control without medication," said sidener. this new treatment may help those who suffer the most breathe easier. so far, the procedure is only approved for adults. swedish medical center participated in the trials and is currently the only hospital in the region offering this treatment. swedish thoracic surgery
__label__non_math	1.0000	kingfisher: perennial winner of wine spectator's award of excellence - oyster menu kingfisher's legendary oyster menu with speciality oysters. fifteen varieties mostly from the pacific northwest. planning a party? kingfisher can accommodate parties from to in the green room, a glass-enclosed dining room. it is a terrific place to host receptions, office parties, or any other function that requires fine food and a wonderful ambience. call kingfisher for details. information kingfisher accepts american express, master card, visa, discover, and diners club. kingfisher is wheelchair accessible.
__label__non_math	0.9892	viewing the king james version. click to switch to king james version of psalms 119:. make me to understand the way of thy precepts: so shall i talk of thy wondrous works. - king james bible "authorized version", cambridge edition share this verse: read the whole chapter of psalms 119 read the entire book of psalms other translations of psalms 119: make me to vnderstand the way of thy precepts: so shall i talke of thy wonderous workes.- king james version - view bible scan make me understand the way of your precepts, so i will meditate on your wonders.- new american standard version make me to understand the way of thy precepts: so shall i meditate on thy wondrous works.- american standard version make the way of your orders clear to me; then my thoughts will be ever on your wonders.- basic english bible make me to understand the way of thy precepts, and i will meditate upon thy wondrous works.- darby bible make me to understand the way of thy precepts: so shall i talk of thy wondrous works. - webster's bible let me understand the teaching of your precepts the way of thy precepts cause me to understand, and i meditate in thy wonders.- youngs literal bible make me to understand the way of thy precepts, that i may talk of thy wondrous works.- jewish publication society bible view wesley's notes for psalms 119: 119:understand - more throughly. what do you think of psalms 119:? share your own thoughts or commentary here...
__label__non_math	1.0000	any text, photographs or original design is my projects are shared for your personal inspiration only. if you recreate any of my copyrighted designs and show them via any electronic means, please show respect to provide acknowledgement to me as the original designer. if any of my designs are used for classes, workshops or demonstrations, once again please acknowledge me as the original designer. please do not use my designs for challenges, competitions or magazine ppublications - as i reserve that right myself. unless otherwise stated, all stamped images within this blog are kits, pdf tutorials and handmade items for purchase
__label__non_math	0.9707	protecting your home against winter's 'silent killer' bpt - it s colorless, odorless and the no. cause of accidental poisoning in the united states. and, it worsens in the winter. known as the silent killer, carbon monoxide co is responsible for an average of 450 deaths and ,000 emergency room visits each year, according to the journal of the american medical association. with more than two-fifths of all co poisonings occurring between december and february, homeowners are at increased risk once temperatures begin to drop. during the winter months, many families turn to heating sources they might not use at other times of the year, says deborah hanson, director of external affairs for first alert, the most trusted name in home safety. while these heating sources may be effective at providing warmth, they also can pose great risks if not used properly. to help protect loved ones from the dangers of co poisoning, it is important for homeowners to take proper precautions when dealing with any kind of fuel-burning heat source. first alert recommends the following tips and tools for keeping your home and loved ones warm and safe this winter and all year long: protect against co poisoning run kitchen vents or exhaust fans any time the stove is in use. the kitchen stove is among the most frequent sources of co poisoning in the home. to help eliminate danger of overexposure, never use the oven to heat a home. always run exhaust fans when cooking, especially during the holidays when stoves are left on for longer periods of time. also, open a nearby window periodically when cooking to allow fresh air to circulate. never use generators indoors. in the case of a power outage, portable electricity generators must be used outside only with power brought into the structure with a cord. never use them inside the home, in a garage or in any confined area that can allow co to collect. and be careful to follow operating instructions closely. also refrain from using charcoal grills, camp stoves or other similar devices indoors. have fuel-burning appliances inspected regularly. arrange for a professional inspection of all fireplaces and fuel-burning appliances such as furnaces, stoves, clothes dryers, water heaters and space heaters annually to detect any co leaks. be mindful of the garage. warming the car in the morning before work is common during the winter months, but running vehicles inside an attached garage, even if the door is open, is hazardous, as co can leak into the home. install test co alarms. carbon monoxide alarms are the only way to detect this poisonous gas in a home. for maximum protection, alarms should be installed on every level of the home and near each sleeping area. test alarm function monthly and change batteries every six months. in addition, alarms should be replaced every five to seven years to ensure proper function. if the installation date is unknown, replace immediately. for more information on carbon monoxide safety, visit
__label__non_math	1.0000	a student loan game plan one of the nicest things about my job is that i get to travel around the country speaking to audiences about managing their money and listening to people talk about their successes and challenges. earlier this year, at the invitation of sidney james-nakhjavan, i enjoyed the hospitality of auburn university, where i spoke to the women's philanthropy board at the college of human sciences. i also met with a number of auburn students who had taken sid's seminar in personal finance, using my book, money smart women, as a text. one of those students was brandy howell, who endeared herself to me by bringing along a copy of the book marked with copious post-its. even more impressive, brandy is now a money-smart young woman who has laid out a plan for managing her money after college -- in particular, paying off ,000 in student loans. a native of marietta, ga., brandy wouldn't trade her auburn education for all the peaches in georgia. but attending school in alabama instead of paying in-state tuition in georgia cost her dearly. "at , you think you can borrow the money and pay it back," she says. "you don't really know what it means." now older and wiser about finances, brandy, who graduated this year with a degree in apparel merchandising, has a game plan for paying off those loans see how much college debt is too much? . and she is tracking her spending down to the penny. to save money while fulfilling an internship requirement before graduating, she moved back home instead of renting an apartment. her internship at south of market, an antique-furniture store in atlanta, led to an offer of a full-time job as assistant manager. brandy consolidated her stafford student loans a couple of years ago at rock-bottom rates, but she's still paying double-digit interest on some of her private loans. she plans to consolidate them and to qualify for an interest-rate discount by setting up automatic payments from her checking account. over the past couple of years, her grandfather has been giving her a month toward her college costs. she used the money to pay for living expenses, and now she plans to funnel it toward paying off her high-cost student loans. she doesn't have any credit-card debt. and she's crossing her fingers that her paid-off mitsubishi eclipse continues to chug along. brandy also has some thought-provoking advice for families trying to decide between in-state and out-of-state schools. "it would have been a setback for me to go to college where all my friends were going," she says. "i wanted a chance to grow, and auburn offered lots of opportunities." still, "it was a shock to see how fast my family's college savings disappeared." if you're going to take on debt, says brandy, "challenge yourself and get an education. don't go out of state if you're just going to play." for more advice, see janet's college-financing series: - smart ways to pay for college - best deals on student loans - college loans for parents - how to pay off student loans - how much college debt is too much?
__label__non_math	0.9993	year-end moves to avoid the medicare high-income surcharge it looks like my income may be higher than usual this year. is there anything i can do to avoid a high-income surcharge on my medicare premiums in the future? maybe. your income will determine whether you pay a surcharge on medicare premiums in . medicare charges a high-income surcharge for part b, which covers doctor visits and outpatient services, and part d, which covers prescription drug costs, when your adjusted gross income plus tax-exempt interest is more than 170,000 if your are married filing jointly. there are some year-end moves you can make to reduce your adjusted gross income for . whether those actions will be sufficient to hold your income below the high-income threshold depends on your gross income and how aggressively you attempt to reduce it. here are a few situations that could lift your income above the threshold when the medicare surcharge kicks in and some possible remedies to offset them. be careful with ira conversions. converting a traditional ira to a roth increases your adjusted gross income in the year of the conversion, and that temporary increase could subject you to the high-income surcharge for a year, even if your income is normally much lower. before converting, do some quick calculations to see if you ll end up near the threshold. if you do, you may want to spread your conversion over more than one year. consider donating part of your mandatory ira distribution to charity. withdrawals from traditional iras boost your adjusted gross income, which could push you over the threshold for the high-income surcharge. but taxpayers who are 70 or older can transfer up to of their required minimum distributions from their iras or other retirement plans to a charity in . the donated amount will be excluded from your income but note that you can t double dip on tax deductions by also claiming a deduction for your charitable contribution . see donating ira distributions to charity for more information. boost your pretax retirement contributions. if you or your spouse is still working, you may be able to lower your adjusted gross income by contributing to a 401 k or other retirement plan at work. people who are or older can take advantage of catch-up contributions, too, boosting their maximum contribution to ,000 in . make tax-deductible ira contributions. if you don t participate in a workplace retirement savings plan and you are younger than 70 , you can deduct your full ira contribution, regardless of income, which could lower your adjusted gross income by ,000 limit plus ,000 in catch-up contributions for people age and older . in order to contribute to an ira, you or your spouse must have earned income. sell losing stocks or mutual funds. capital losses from sales of money-losing stocks or mutual funds first offset any capital gains, and then up to ,000 of net loss can be deducted against your ordinary income, such as your salary or ira distributions. don t forget to add reinvested dividends to your basis when calculating your loss or gain. you ve already been taxed on these dividends in the year when they were first paid out, and you don t have to pay taxes on them twice. trim home-sale profits. most people don t have to pay taxes on home-sale profits. if you ve lived in the house for at least two of the past five years, you can exclude 500,000 if married filing jointly. but if you have bigger profits than that -- or if you haven t lived in the house long enough to qualify for the full exclusion -- then it can pay to tally up the cost of home-improvement expenses over the years to increase your basis, lowering any taxable gain on the sale of your home. see irs publication 523 selling your home for more information. reduce business profits. if you re self-employed or have some freelance income on the side, consider buying equipment or stocking up on office supplies in december, which can offset some of your income for this year. you can also delay sending your december invoices until january. making tax-deductible contributions to a self-employed retirement account, such as a sep ira, simplified employee pension sep or solo 401 k plan can substantially reduce your self-employment income. as long as you set the plans up in time for the current year, you have until , to fund them if you file for an automatic extension of your tax return. see best retirement plans for the self-employed for more information. also see tax toolkit for the self-employed for more information about tax-deductible expenses. got a question? ask kim at firstname.lastname
__label__non_math	0.8988	data-tracking technology can help lower your car insurance if you re a good driver, you re probably paying too much for your auto insurance. with the traditional insurance model, your premiums have little to do with how you drive -- until an accident or a speeding ticket results in a fat rate increase. rates are usually based on statistical averages: your gender, age, marital status, where you live and what you drive determine what you re charged. if you ve been accident-free for a long time or don t drive much, you may get a discount, but personalizing your premiums may save a lot more. a brookings institution study suggests that two-thirds of households would pay less with a pay-as-you-drive policy, reducing annual premiums by about . robert hunter, director of insurance for the consumer federation of america, says that user-based insurance has been talked about for decades, but until recently there was no easy way to monitor things such as mileage. now technology lets you get a break on insurance premiums based on how you actually drive. how s my driving? progressive offers its user-based insurance, called snapshot, in states. i gave the snapshot tool a test-drive to see how much i could save on premiums. here s how it works: you plug a palm-size tool into the diagnostic port in your car all cars made after have one , and it pulls data from the car s computer and sends it to the company via a cellular network. the tool tracks the time of day you drive, your mileage, and your acceleration and braking rates. after days, you may earn an initial discount; after six months, you send the tool back and become eligible for a permanent discount of up to . because i rarely drive my own car i m usually test-driving new vehicles , my results showed i would qualify for off with snapshot, but the average discount is to . there s no cost to enroll, and progressive cannot raise your rates based on the data collected. allstate has a similar program, called drive wise, currently available in arizona, illinois and ohio. the tool collects the same data as progressive s tool does, plus the number of times you exceed miles per hour. you get a discount at sign-up, which is replaced by a discount of up to after your first policy period. it costs per period to participate, and you need to keep the tool in the car to keep earning discounts -- each is applied to your policy renewal. neither progressive nor allstate includes gps in its tool, so your whereabouts are your business. by the mile. general motors onstar system is the basis for two programs that offer discounts to low-mileage drivers. onstar is free for the first year for new gm vehicles three months for used vehicles , and subscriptions cost per month after that, depending on service options. gmac insurance offers customers in states an average discount just for having an active onstar subscription. if you enroll in the free onstar vehicle diagnostics service and drive fewer than ,000 miles a year, you can get a discount of at least ; that can go as high as if you drive less than ,500 miles per year. if you re a new subscriber, you ll get off until enough odometer readings are gathered to calculate annual mileage. state farm s drive safe save program -- available in california, colorado, illinois, ohio and texas uses onstar as well. you get a discount for signing up typically about , and after days you can earn up to off based on your odometer readings. the discount is recalculated with each policy renewal. if you live in texas, milemeter lets you buy insurance by the mile prices start at about .cents per mile . just send in a photo of your odometer when you sign up and at renewal time.
__label__non_math	1.0000	faking on facebook incidents of hackers stealing people s accounts on sites like facebook are on the rise, and a filipino woman in dubai has just claimed to be one of the victims. by aarti nagraj a dubai-based filipino woman has come under severe criticism from her fellow countrymen after the following comment appeared on her facebook page: buti n lng am hir in dubai she was referring to typhoon ondoy that recently hit the philippines. the comment caused uproar, and jacque bermejo, a marketing executive in dubai, has since been threatened, abused and reprimanded on various websites. however, bermejo claimed that her accounts on social networking websites such as facebook, friendster and multiply had all been created by a hacker two years ago. despite reporting the problem to the administrators, she is still being abused online, bermejo said in a long statement, which was published by her friends on facebook. she said that she also filed a complaint with the dubai police about eight months ago. time passed and these sites continued to generate malicious, obscene and cruel messages that are widely exposed and relayed to the public under my name, she said. referring to the latest post on facebook, she said i too, have become a victim as much as those who may have lost their lives and properties to such a devastating natural calamity. this recent controversy has greatly affected my reputation, my family, and my friends. i am devastated and shocked at the extent my character, my personal information and private space have been violated.
__label__non_math	0.9985	west virginia senator jo manchin has a bone to pick with mtv's new reality show buckwild. the series, which premieres next month, follows a group of twentysomethings living in a small west virginia town and has been described as "the jersey shore of appalachia." buzzfeed obtained a letter the senator sent mtv requesting the network cancel the series.ian somerhalder? sofia vergara? make your picks for tv's sexiest eye candy now other links from tvguide.com
__label__non_math	0.9973	peripatetic journalist and translator porter road to heaven: encounters with chinese hermits, ventures again deep into the mountainous reaches of china, seeking the remote paths of the first six patriarchs of zen buddhism. the author s folksy, seemingly spontaneous day-by-day travelogue invites the reader along on an arduous ten-week trek into china, where during the first century ce buddhist monks sought refuge from persecution. from the yunkang caves near tatung, 225 miles west of beijing, to various monasteries in loyang, wuhan and shaokuan, by bus, train or taxi, the author revisited the places sacred to chinese buddhists. although his style is casual, the history porter explores is dense. he traces the growth of zen from the spiritual roots planted by the prajnaparamita scriptures, which arrived in china in the second and third centuries, to its establishment as a separate school of buddhism by the indian monk bodhidharma, the first patriarch, who brought it to china around 475. traveling to the places associated with these historic developments, porter offers intriguing glimpses of a stunning and to westerners little-known countryside and monuments, including the nanhua temple near shaokuan, where hui-neng lived for years after he became the sixth patriarch in 677. the author penetrated many working monasteries severely repressed during the cultural revolution that are only now making a comeback. porter titles his chapters to reflect the concept of the life of no-mind dear to buddhists and difficult for others to grasp such as no home, no dust or mirrors, no day off and so forth. fluent in chinese, the author brings a freshness to the snippets of ancient texts he translates here. an erudite backpacking journey by a true dharma bum.
__label__non_math	1.0000	subscribe today to read this review. book reviews become free to the public weeks before the scheduled publish date. pre-publication book reviews are part of our subscription package. you can continue to read reviews of books available now or subscribe for unlimited access and to continue to enjoy book reviews from the world s toughest book critics, on your computer or tablet device. click here to learn more about your subscription options. not interested in subscribing? look below this message for the 'pub. date'. this review will be available free of charge weeks before that date. if you re a print delivery subscriber and need to link your account, please call customer care at -800-316- or email email already a subscriber? log in here.
__label__non_math	1.0000	real estate loan scheme who can apply? - salaried individuals - owner of small business - self-employed businessmen - real estate firms companies - purchase of apartment. purchase the land and or land and building, hold it and sell it when the price goes up. - purchase the land, develop it and sell it making small plots. - purchase the land, develop it and construct buildings or colony and sell it. - other similar purposes as above - minimum loan npr. million and maximum loan npr. 150 million. - financing of upto of the fair market value fmv of the property cost of construction as applicable or upto the maximum limit for a single borrower as prescribe by nrb whichever is less - maximum loan tenure of year. - interest rate . p.a. - .p.a. - management fee of maximum of the sanctioned amount. - interest payment monthly principal at maturity. in selective cases, the interest payment shall be allowed on quarterly basis documents requiredidentification documents - citizenship certificate or passport of applicants joint applicants guarantors - personal net worth and family detail of applicants and guarantors - family relationship certificate if other documents not support to verify the relationship - completed loan application form - copy of land ownership certificate lalpurja - copy of land transfer deed rajinama - copy of latest land revenue receipt. - original copy of property location map blueprint - copy of boundary demarcation certificate char killa pramanit from ward office vdc - original and copy of approved structure design naksa pass from municipality or vdc. - certificate of construction completed certificate nirman sampanna from concerned municipality and or vdc in case of ready built house to be mortgaged. documents related with income source copy of bluebook ownership statement of income expenses tax vat registration certificate last two years audited financials; mgmt. prepared financials supported by vat tax return. - anywhere banking at any of our branches - above atms to meet your cash requirement no matter where you are located. - 365 days banking from main branch, anamnagar. - convenience at no charges with kist mobile wallet - clearing house facility. - free abbs facilities. - free ssb debit card. - avail of facilities like safe deposit locker. - instant alerts facility - utility merchandise bill payment - nepal telecom recharge card procurement - sms banking facility - e-banking facility
__label__non_math	0.9991	you know it s going to be a weird day when the first time you look at the clock in the morning, and this is what you see apparently is e0: big win for the donkeys my beer league hockey team last night, as we beat the beavers even if we lost, it wouldn t matter as we live by the hockey motto that has existed for years: win or lose, we always booze of men say that they want to experience what it s like to give birth those of people are morons. that is not something any guy should want to experience so this led to us wondering what are the things that you actually would want to experience what is something you have always wanted to experience, but haven t? here are some of the texts getting hit by a car heroin. i would love to know what extreme euphoria feels like. but i'm a healthy guy and will just stick to beer. i've always wanted to have sex with a midget. never have to this day. kyle in auburn i want to rub baby oil on steve the producers bald head female orgasm travel in space i want to fill a pool with jello to see if i can swim in it... i would be super baked and it would be lime jello maaan what i want to experience and never have is a devils three-way with vicky bj
__label__non_math	0.9956	no one wants to be boring, average or typical. sometimes, though, it s helpful to be the standard, especially when it means having a huge range of options available to you. pulls are comfortable to grip and beautiful to look at making them the most popular length for cabinet pulls on the market today. because inch pulls are so prevalent, cabinet hardware manufacturers offer the widest variety of styles in this size. with thousands to choose from, it s easy for homeowners to find exactly the right look for them. so come enjoy the assortment of colors, shapes and designs that this standard size has to offer you. handles are the safest bet for a homeowner because they can easily be replaced in the future without worrying about finding a match for that unusual drill center. another great benefit to this middle ground cabinet hardware is that it can be installed horizontally or vertically depending on your style preference. because of their sensible sizing, inch pulls look great either way. you can also use them on a wide range of door and drawer sizes throughout the home. as we mentioned, pulls come in a tremendous variety of styles. from bold modern lines to soft and sophisticated curves, from time-honored amerock hardware to chic and sleek glass pulls from sietto, you can find your own personal flavor in the mix. discover your inner designer and order a fresh new look today with just a click of the button. note: all pulls featured on these pages have inch drill centers. the drill center is the length between the screws. the actual length of the pull may vary and is listed in the product details.
__label__non_math	0.9116	pulling together a large bathroom is no sweat. a few grand floor cabinets, and you can fit half of california inside. organizing a bath space that s not so expansive is more of a challenge, but it s a challenge that we accept. with a stellar lineup of quality bathroom storage solutions, we re here to help you get your bathroom in shape in no time. so take a look at our decorative bathroom furniture, and see how we can add method to your madness, and even a little flair, with just a few tweaks. bathroom storage is all about utilizing the space you have. over toilet storage is probably the kind of space-efficiency because it takes up no additional floor space. conveniently resting above the toilet, over toilet storage takes advantage of the vertical space that is usually ignored to give you a lot more options than you had before. a subtle linen tower can do the same thing. neatly tucked away in a corner or between the wall and a permanent fixture, a linen tower subtly adds a number of shelves where there were none before. while a slender floor cabinet can work in many homes, sometimes there s just no space at all. if you d like to get your bathroom storage up and off the floor completely, wall cabinets are your best option. securely mounted to the walls, our wall cabinets offer wide opened or closed shelving options for all of your toiletries, bath linens and personal effects. so whether you love the idea of a sleek and chic linen tower or want some solid wall cabinets to fill in the blanks, we ve got the bathroom furniture you need right here. order your own bathroom storage solutions, and get the bath space you ve been dreaming of.
__label__non_math	0.9990	cabinet backplates help out homeowners in so many ways. for one thing, this attractive kitchen hardware is an easy way to dress up an ordinary furniture piece or hardware item. both are instantly more decorative when backed by fashionable backplates. in addition, cabinet backplates help hide scratches, nicks and holes on older furniture items. this is not only useful when switching from cabinet pulls to knobs with backplates, but it will also extend the life of your furniture. cabinet backplates also preserve your furniture by guarding the surface from the usual wear and tear that cabinet fronts are used to going through. with all these uses, it's a wonder you haven't installed a few backplates already. mount pulls or knobs with backplates attached for a seamless design. alternatively, you can choose pulls and knobs with backplates that match in style, finish or material for a little variety that still works well together. browse our collection to get a feel for the style and finish you enjoy the most. there are so many pulls and knobs with backplates, so they can easily be matched with current d cor. be sure to coordinate all of your cabinet hardware. whether you prefer chrome hardware, black hardware, bronze hardware or something entirely different, we have something for everyone, so start browsing. backplates certainly pull their weight around the cabinetry. keep your kitchen, living room, bedroom or bathroom furniture looking as good as new with cabinet backplates.
__label__non_math	1.0000	you wouldn t think of them as anything out of the ordinary, but try running your life for one day without cabinet hardware, and you might start to appreciate their importance. from essential cabinet pulls that grant you access to all your closed in belongings to efficient cabinet hinges that keep those doors in place, reliable hardware for cabinets and drawers is something that you simply cannot live without. fortunately, the fact that you need this hardware doesn t restrict our collections to purely functional designs that lack style or personality. in fact, we have a huge array of hardware for cabinets, doors, desks and drawers, all made from beautiful materials in varying styles and eye-catching finishes. take a look inside, and fall in love with what our cabinet and bathroom hardware can do for you. cabinet knobs and cabinet pulls can not only make your life a whole lot easier by giving you quick and easy access to cabinet, closet and drawer contents, but they can make a huge d cor statement for you as well. do you like the look and feel of contemporary living? try black cabinet pulls that are sleek, chic and totally unique. chrome and stainless steel pulls will also give you that genuine mod appearance. if you are more of a rustic homeowner, oil rubbed bronze cabinet knobs can create a warm and friendly atmosphere that you ll love to come home to. of course, wood cabinet hardware can also have a comforting effect, as will brass, bronze or copper cabinet knobs and pulls, each in their own way. glass cabinet hardware has an entirely different look and feel, something smooth and colorful, fun and cool all at the same time. choose your cabinet hardware according to your style or mood, and remember to have fun with it keep kids, pets and nosy neighbors out of your business with handy cabinet locks. while they won t secure your front door, our durable cabinet locks can keep indoor areas off limits efficiently. cabinet hinges are a highly functional group, but that doesn t mean they can t whistle while they work. decorative cabinet hinges come in an array of designs and finishes, so you can set a theme or match these pieces to the rest of your room d cor. the bathroom is another area of the home that we can combine style and keen usability. bare necessities such as toilet paper holders, towel hooks and shower curtain rods suddenly become fashionable fixtures that transform your bathroom from ordinary to extraordinary in the blink of an eye. shower caddies organize your world, and grab bars keep things nice and safe. put all of our bathroom hardware together, and you have a symphony of practical usefulness and unwavering style playing together beautifully. so whether you are looking to pick up your bathroom d cor with trendy towel hooks and shower caddies or you want a seamless kitchen design with elegant appliance pulls, kitchen-cabinet-hardware.com has just what you re looking for. with tens of thousands of stunning options to choose from, the hardest decision to make will be which cabinets to redo first
__label__non_math	1.0000	looking for a place to put your children's backpacks or hang your coats or robes? hooks do the job with style. hooks are not only sturdy and practical, they make unique decorative statements. choose from our wide selection of handsome hooks at - of retail prices. you'll also get free fedex shipping for orders above shipping for orders under.
__label__non_math	1.0000	web search powered by yahoo activate or subscribe for full digital access a note from our editor i loathe the "comments" on this article and all the others - they really show how ignorant and judgmental our society has become. joe citizen is now an expert on everything, knows "what really happened", and or has some obnoxious, purposeless comment to make. our men and women in law enforcement, despite years of training and experience, become bumbling gumshoes simply because joe citizen watches csi. more often than not, the posts are incredibly insensitive and hurtful. undoubtedly, these individuals wouldn't have a thing to say in person - they use keyboards as their shields. this small "window" on society is another reason to wonder where america is going. i hope that the moderators can get this under control a bit because i rarely read the paper online anymore, due to the ridiculous posts. want to participate in the conversation? become a subscriber today. subscribers can read and comment on any story, anytime. non-subscribers will only be able to view comments on select stories. feels like: feels like: feels like: join the conversation, get local news updates and more on facebook. of the dollars donated are distributed to local food banks. find searchable data, including public employee salaries, crime stats and more.
__label__non_math	1.0000	seattle parents of amina kocer-bowman, who was shot at armin jahr elementary in february when a gun went off in backpack, announced wednesday their intent to sue the bremerton school district and its employees for failing to adequately safeguard their daughter against the -year-old classmate who brought the gun to school. they claim the -year-old was involved in repeated incidences of violence and bullying at the school before the shooting. they claim million in general damages, and both numbers will increase, the lawsuit says. the family announced the claim during a news conference in seattle with parents john bowman and teri jolene bowman and attorneys jeff campiche and william dussault. "it wasn't an accident that he brought the gun to school," campiche said in his seattle office. "the school has a huge responsibility to make sure kids are safe in schools." documents released wednesday say the -year-old boy was emptying papers out of his backpack when he accidentally pulled the trigger. his backpack also had two large folding knives in it. amina, who was at the time, underwent five surgeries at harborview medical center in seattle after she was shot. the bullet shattered her elbow and ripped through internal organs. she was hospitalized in harborview for nearly six weeks and released april . campiche said the claim which lists emotional distress, lost wages, loss of earning capacity and loss of opportunity among the damages came about after consultations with school safety experts. campiche said the consultations led lawyers and the bowmans to conclude bremerton school district does not have an adequate system in place that allows students to report dangerous or suspicious activity. the bowmans also plan to sue the boy's family, who they say was negligent for not properly locking up firearms. during the news conference, campiche released police and detectives' reports that included photos of the allyn home where the -year-old got the gun and amina in the emergency room at harborview. the claim alleges that a week before the shooting, the boy was suspended for one day for fighting on the playground. his teacher said in interviews with detectives that she had noticed the boy bullying other students more. the teacher said the boy became agitated with her after she moved him from an advanced to a lower-level reading class. one of his friends also tried to bring knives to school a week before the shooting, but his mother removed the weapons and notified the teacher of the incident. since joining the bremerton school district in , the -year-old has had three significant incidences that involved fighting. the boy told investigators he brought the gun to school feb. to protect himself after two classmates he recently fought told him teenagers were going to beat him up. before the shooting, the boy told several students he planned to bring a gun to school, according to the claim. bremerton school district spokeswoman patty glaser declined to comment wednesday. campiche said given the boy's early warning signs, district officials could have done a better job at notifying parents of classmates and sharing the incidences that occurred at the school. "why was there no letter to parents when the weapons were brought to school?" he asked. "why was there no in-depth discussion?" when it comes to preventing bullying, glaser has previously said that district officials go over school rules regarding bullying and weapons at the start of each year and rely on parents to help enforce the rules. that's not enough for the bowmans. they also believe the family of the -year-old is negligent for leaving weapons out in the open. "i've been in the military for years," john bowman said. "we locked our weapons up when we are done using it. keep things away from kids , like poison," teri jolene bowman said her daughter has her "good and bad days." "she's become more feisty now and shy," she said, while wiping away tears. "she doesn't trust strangers," she said her -year-old daughter can no longer tolerate loud noises like balloons popping or fireworks on the fourth of july. "it makes her quiver," she said. she'll return to a small private school in the bremerton area in the fall, a place where the bowmans feel is a safer environment. the weapons inside the boy's backpack feb. were taken from the allyn home of the boy's mom, jamie lee chaffin, and her boyfriend, douglas bauer, who owned the gun. the boy pleaded guilty to charges of reckless endangerment and bringing a gun to school and was sentenced to a counseling and a yearlong supervision by the juvenile probation department. bauer appealed the third-degree assault charges filed against him, and the washington state court of appeals agreed to take up the case and examine whether leaving a loaded gun around the house constitutes enough of an act to be considered an assault.the boy's mother, jamie chaffin, pleaded guilty to unlawful possession of a firearm. as a felon, she was not allowed to be around guns in bauer's house where she lived. she faces to months in prison and must testify against bauer if his case goes to trial. chaffin was recently released from the kitsap county jail pending sentencing while the court of appeals considers the validity of the assault case against bauer. bremerton school district contracts with canfield, an insurance risk and management company, to handle litigation that arises on its campuses. the district is insured to handle such legal cases. campiche said that according to state law, the school district has days to respond to the claim.
__label__non_math	1.0000	bpt - the busy home remodeling season is a great time for homeowners to focus on increasing curb appeal. the percentage of homeowners who feel now is a good time to spend money on home improvement has doubled since , according to a recent survey among better homes and gardens readers. considering two of the top four features consumers have on their wish lists for their next home are low maintenance exteriors and a private backyard, high-performance products that come in a variety of colors, textures and designs are expected to be in high demand this year. based on these survey results, we ve found that many of our readers want to refresh what's already there, says jill waage, editorial director for home content, better homes and gardens. perhaps they re looking to dig out that hidden sophistication of a mid-century home, or they might have a classic and want to bring out the character a bit more. beyond the facade, our readers also really love outdoor living spaces; they see their yard as an extension of the indoors. from small touch ups to large renovations, projects such as replacing boring and beige with colorful vinyl siding and trim, updating entryways with bright front doors and shutters, and sprucing up outdoor living areas can make a big difference in the look of your home and neighborhood. homeowners want it all in ; low maintenance products that perform and style that breaks the cookie-cutter mold, says jerry blais, vice president of marketing for ply gem siding group, a division of exterior building products manufacturer ply gem. colorful vinyl siding options in different styles, combined with complementary trim, stone veneer and designer accents that set your home apart are in demand for home improvements. consider these upgrades to get magazine-ready looks for your home exterior. make a grand entrance for experienced diyers considering a weekend project, painting the front door or replacing shutters is a simple solution with dramatic results. these small changes create a focal point for the house and provide a warm, inviting appearance with a modern feel. brands such as mastic home exteriors by ply gem offer shutters in dozens of pre-selected colors, or can be painted for a custom look. other subtle improvements like adding modern lighting fixtures, detailed railings, a new mailbox, stone columns or house numbers can also go a long way in enhancing a home s custom look. for those ready to create a whole new style, installing new siding and trim can infuse life into a bland exterior. vinyl siding, stone veneer and designer accents have evolved over the years, with vastly expanded color palettes, easy maintenance and a natural look. by incorporating cellular pvc trim as an accent to vinyl siding and stone around windows, on dormers, eaves and gables even the most discerning homeowners can enjoy a sophisticated look that s also low maintenance. to help with exterior color selection, look to free ipad applications like ply gem s mastic color advisor. design guides are also available for inspiration and recommendations on how to make the most of cellular pvc trim, with styles such as gingerbread, modern, rustic, colonial and much more. the great outdoors the perfect addition to any exterior design renovation is an outdoor living area to entertain friends, enjoy a summer barbecue or just relax with the newspaper. to extend your interior space to the outdoors, consider projects such as installing an outdoor fireplace or kitchen with durable stone veneer, or a low maintenance vinyl privacy or picket fence. to find design inspiration and product ideas for these and other exterior projects, visit whether you re looking for a small refresh or a completely enhanced look, many of this year s hottest home design trends are waiting outside.
__label__non_math	0.9799	how many gifts have the potential to change lives? finding gifts can be difficult, but kiva cards are an easy choice. kiva cards introduce your friends and family to kiva, giving them the opportunity to choose borrowers to support. when their loans are repaid, they can use those funds again and again to make even more loans on kiva. it's truly the gift that keeps on giving get started by choosing a delivery method below.
__label__non_math	1.0000	book online or call us book by phone canada u.s.a. monday to thursday 24hrs saturday to hours of operation are in pacific standard time. sorry, there are currently no hotels in our collection that match your specific query. try simplifying your search criteria, using alternate keywords, or searching the surrounding region using our map tool. can't find what you're after? check back soon. new hotels join our collection daily.
__label__non_math	0.9870	saturday, by william douglas and anita kumar, associated press washington -- senate leaders worked feverishly behind closed doors saturday to avert the most painful parts of a looming fiscal crisis, debating which taxpayers could or should pay more as part of a deal that would ward off looming tax increases for everyone. president obama speaks to reporters in the brady press briefing room at the white house in washington on friday after meeting with congressional leaders regarding the fiscal cliff. the associated press senate majority leader harry reid, d-nev., and senate minority leader mitch mcconnell, r-ky., were racing to forge a deal in time for votes tonight by both the senate and the house of representatives. their aides met privately in a nearly deserted capitol. lawmakers expected to be briefed by this afternoon, though some were skeptical a compromise could be reached. most lawmakers were absent saturday, awaiting word from their leaders. failure to reach agreement by the end of the year monday evening would mean that all bush-era tax cuts would expire for all taxpayers, an obama cut in the payroll tax for social security would expire, jobless benefits would dry up for million unemployed, the alternative minimum tax would hit more taxpayers, medicare payments to doctors would be cut, and .trillion in cuts over two years. at the center of the private talks saturday was the question of which bush-era tax cuts to extend, with democrats pushing to extend only those on individual income below 250,000, which would mean a tax increase for all income above that. republicans had been pushing to extend all of the tax cuts, but people close to the talks said they would be open to taxing top wage earners, perhaps those making or above -- as obama had offered as part of an earlier compromise offer. negotiators were discussing four other issues as part of a possible scaled-back package -- unemployment benefits, the alternative minimum tax, medicare payments to doctors and the extension of tax breaks offered to companies and individuals, according to a congressional aide familiar with the talks but not authorized to speak publicly. but some of the painful measures were increasingly likely to take effect, at least temporarily. no one was known to be pushing to extend the cut in the payroll tax, enacted as a temporary measure to put more cash in people's pockets in hopes of stimulating the economy. if the cut expires monday night, every taxpayer would see his paycheck shrink as that tax goes back to .percent from .percent. and a final deal was not expected to include changes to social security or medicare, even though democrats and republicans had at one point agreed to apply a less-generous measure of inflation to the government programs to lower cost-of-living adjustments or an increase in the debt limit, which will be reached monday. the automatic cuts to spending would also likely go forward after house republicans signaled that they would not agree to stop them unless or until they could forge a deal for long-term spending cuts. if reid and mcconnell fail to reach any agreement, obama will ask congress to vote on his original proposal to raise taxes on individual income above 250,000, and also to extend jobless benefits for million unemployed workers. "i believe such a proposal could pass both houses with bipartisan majorities -- as long as these leaders allow it to come to a vote," he said in his weekly radio address saturday "if they still want to vote no, and let this tax hike hit the middle class, that's their prerogative -- but they should let everyone vote. that's the way this is supposed to work." continued on page
__label__non_math	1.0000	for questions or comments about this website, please contact the kjzz webmaster. for general comments or questions see the contact kjzz page for a listing of contacts by topic. please note: station policy mandates that listeners who win on-air giveaways on this station are not eligible to win again for days. email regarding npr's coverage, ethics, and funding can be sent to the npr ombudsman, who maintains an informative web page. for comments or concerns regarding npr programs, listeners with a general inquiry may send an email to firstname.lastname
__label__non_math	0.9995	how it all started legend has it that the klement's racing sausages started to take shape in the early 's. in their formative years, they were little more than a cartoon running a virtual race every home game on the giant scoreboard in centerfield. as the movement began to take shape and a buzz developed about our racing weenies, eventually the bratwurst , polish sausage and the italian sausage made their debut out of the left field corner of county stadium on selected sundays throughout the season. just when the suspense of the highly technical klement's racing sausage video was too much to handle, the actual klement's racing sausages emerged from the left field corner and sprinted toward home plate aided by the applause of an enthusiastic crowd. what started as a fun way to entertain many of the children attending afternoon games became an instant hit. the three sausages added a fourth when the hot dog came on board in the middle of the 1990s. the race grew in popularity among young and old alike. during the season -- the final year of county stadium -- the virtual race was thrown out and the actual sausages began to race every game. this tradition continued as the brewers moved across the parking lot to miller park in . running with the sausages took on a life of its own as having an 'in' with the club might mean the chance to dive into the costume and scurry along the warning track prior to the seventh inning. hideo nomo, pat meares and geoff jenkins are just three of the lucky players to boast "racing sausage" among their personal accolades. in , the chorizo rejoined the klement's racing sausages after a brief run of one game in . the success of the klement's racing sausages has blossomed beyond initial expectations. sausage bobbleheads, t-shirts, dolls and pins immediately flooded the market and were immediately snatched up by the legions of the klement's racing sausage fans. for those wanting to be closer to the action, the 5k sausage race was developed. with this success naturally come the imitators. there is a heated competition that exists between the klement's racing sausages and the pittsburgh pierogies. under intense media scrutiny and public debate, these two parties finally raced. not to boast, but let's just say the klement's racing sausages have an early lead in race victories since this feud began. content courtesy of milwaukee brewers
__label__non_math	0.9962	photos by carlo ledesma when god was creating the world, he obviously forgot to send bees the memo about sundays and that whole day of rest thing. they may well have received the one from buddha, though, the one regarding the rules of reincarnation and reaching nirvana, such is their dedication to the honey-making cause and enabling the lives of humans everywhere. at the home of long-time hobbyist dr jim stokes in umina, approx km north of sydney, despite the fact that the afternoon on one of the aforementioned rest days isn t getting any younger, there are still scores of little sweetness creators at work in the front yard. they re busily collecting nectar to take back to one of the many hives out the back to turn into honey. luckily, jim a keeper for years has apicultural-ly tolerant neighbours. there are honeybees everywhere. european honeybees it would seem. at over six-foot tall when standing, jim is a pragmatic man. in his casual sunday attire, and surrounded by the tools of his hobby-trade and a collection of self-maintained hives, he displays a calm indifference to the pain-inflicting abilities of these creatures. the kind of indifference that can only come from more than half a lifetime spent enduring, he reveals, at least one sting a day. as if to confirm his lack of concern, he works virtually unprotected. adorning the full suit is apparently too time-consuming to bother with when performing simple tasks. jim does own one; he just chooses not to use it. he does, however much to the relief of inquisitive visitors and, i am sure, his wife , utilise the calming effects of smoke before opening a hive. the smokes is provided by quaint little smoker. it consists of a tin, some hessian, a lid and a nozzle that is inserted into the top of a hive before fully lifting the lid for further exploration. smoke equals fire to bees, informs jim, so it does tick them off a little initially. thankfully, once the smoke takes effect a few seconds later, it also makes them very docile - allowing for relative ease of further human probing and exploration. it s a little known fact that bees are responsible for one third of everything we humans eat. put simply, we have bees to thank for one out of every three bites we take. it s basic high school biology really; it all comes back the pollination process. without bees to move the stamen to the stigma in the flowers of seeded plants - this takes place during a bee s retreat from a flower, after it ventures into the centre in search of nectar - pollination on a large scale is not possible. without pollination there can be no new seeds, and we all know what happens if no new seeds are created. while bees may not be the only pollinators in existence, they are responsible for pollinating a large percentage of the world s plants. albert einstein was once famously quoted as saying, if the bee disappeared off the surface of the globe then man would only have four years of life left. the disconcerting reality is if things continue the way they are, the disappearance of bees is not such an unlikely event. heard of varroa? it s an unctuous little mite killing swarms of bees across the planet. currently, a keeper's only means of controlling the varroa mites is a complex series of chemical and non-chemical programs which, to date, have achieved varied degrees of success. australia is currently the only continent not infected. one of the upsides of our infection-free status is that it has lead to a massive increase in the amount of australian honeybees exported to north america and europe, to replenish the dwindling number of honeybees abroad. over the course of their last spring, australia exported close to ,000 bees to the us. i mentioned the mite during a phone conversation with jim earlier in the week and was suitably amused by his response. he seemed to take great pleasure in the announcing the fact that he could be of absolutely no assistance in any such enquiries. we don t have that problem here, he boasted. then there is colony collapse disorder ccd . the phenomenon involving entire swarms leaving a hive to pollinate and never returning. according to jim, colony collapse is a euphemism because we don t know what it is. the new york times recently reported that one californian bee farmer, david bradshaw, discovered more than half of his 100 million bees missing early last year. alarmingly, his is not an isolated case; the us department of agriculture states that states are currently suffering from disappearing bees. put simply, ccd is like a magic trick gone horribly wrong, and no one knows which magician is responsible for the disappearing-bee act. that s the confusing thing about ccd; there is no conclusive scientific evidence to support any of the many cause-claims currently flying around the community. some say it can be linked to the effect of genetically engineered crops on the bees. others, that global warming is responsible for their rapid decline in numbers. neither has been cause-and-effect linked to the problem. and still the bees are disappearing not up in jim's place in umina, or in the rest of the greater nsw central coast region. up that way, apart from the odd case of infection through afb and efb brood diseases , the bees are thriving. at least they are for the hobbyists, fellow members of jim's local association, the central coast amateur bee keepers association. as the light begins to fade on his backyard set-up jim reveals he s not really interested in the professional side of keeping. he does associate with plenty of fellers who are. nor is he interested in profiting from upwards of that can be gained from exporting a three-pound package of bees, with queen, to the us. it would seem he s more in it for the love of it, for these incredible insects. bee stings aside, you can t really fault his love. if the visit to umina, and time spent with jim, confirmed anything, it s that these little workers, with their butt barbs and brief life spans, are worthy of more human respect and adoration than that afforded by their bad reputation. if einstein, and the rest of the faculty of modern science, is to be believed our survival depends on us changing our dreary attitude towards these notorious insects. if the continence of our species isn t enough motivation, there is always the terrifying thought of a world without honey.
__label__non_math	1.0000	- the page may no longer exist. - your session may have timed out. - the specific product may no longer be available and has been removed. we're here to help you find just what you need. continue your search here: visit the kmart.com homepage. try our personal shopper where our skilled agents will help you find what you're looking for: we'll find it. also, you may want to check out: - baby nursery - bed bath - books magazines - electronics office - fitness sports - for the home - health wellness - home improvement - jewelry watches - music, movies gaming - outdoor living seasonal - toys games or view our complete site map
__label__non_math	0.9996	the two owners of amy s baking company bakery boutique bistro took over the restaurant s facebook page last night to fight unruly commenters and man, was it embarrassing. they were on kitchen nightmares on a legendary episode. a minute clip is after the facebook clips. this is a painting of bea arthurt. it's going for million dollars. would you pay that? what old broad would you like to see naked? ive left stuff in the microwave for a couple of days, but never for two weeks. appearently this what happens two people that were killed at grand lake on tuesday have been identified. one of them was a graduate of cascia hall and was attending the university of arkansas. the other fatality was trey varner, also attended u of a. varner's boat collided with a docked house boat on grand lake on tuesday. four other people were on the boat, some injuried, also attended u of a. still under investigation.
__label__non_math	1.0000	you will need: ice cream sandwiches oz chocolate cool whip be sure to put a little cool whip on the bottom to make the cake "stick" to your cake platter. next, layer the ice cream sandwiches and the chocolate cool whip. top it off with some fun sprinkles. it looks so good not only is it frugal... you stay out of the heat of the kitchen. i love that
__label__non_math	0.9989	st. louis arguments ended thursday in the arbitration between the st. louis rams and the agency that runs the edward jones dome. according to spokeswoman with the st. louis convention and visitors commission, which runs the dome, three arbitrators took about two weeks worth of evidence and testimony during the hearings. over the next few weeks, the arbitrators will decide if either the rams or cvc s renovation proposals could bring the dome up to top-tier status among the other nfl stadiums. under the leasing agreement, a top-tier stadium is defined as being among the top percent. if the top tier status is not met, the rams could break their lease and potentially move after the season. in may, the rams proposed a million project to renovate the dome. as expected, the commission rejected the proposal due to the wide discrepancy between the rams plan and one submitted by it in february. that plan called for million in improvements, such as a bigger scoreboard and better club seating. it also would have required the rams to pay percent of the cost. taxpayers would have to approve funding for the remaining percent. the rams counterproposal submitted may was far more elaborate, calling for a new roof with a sliding panel, replacing much of the brick exterior with a glass front, even re-routing broadway. kathleen ratcliffe, president of the cvc, has said the agency thinks it s important to have an nfl team in st. louis and wants it to be the rams. the rams have declined comment throughout the process.
__label__non_math	0.9884	mary anne dunkin louise chang, md two decades ago, if you had moderate to severe crohn's, there were few treatment options. in the late 1990s, however, the first in a new class of treatment options emerged for crohn's disease. referred to as biologic response modifiers, biologic agents, or simply biologics, these drugs target specific parts of an overactive immune system to reduce inflammation. biologics not only relieve crohn's symptoms but also can bring about remission and keep you in remission. they are indicated for use when someone has moderately to severely active crohn s disease and has not responded well to other crohn s disease treatments. many people with crohn's now live with significantly fewer symptoms, but may worry about side effects. here's a look at the risks and benefits of biologics. in crohn's disease, an overactive immune system causes inflammation and damage to the digestive tract. made from living organisms, biologics work just like substances made by the body s immune system and can help control the immune system response. four biologics are fda approved for crohn's. three of the four block a protein called tumor necrosis factor tnf that's involved in inflammation. these drugs are often called anti-tnf drugs or tnf inhibitors. they include cimzia certolizumab , humira adalimumab , and remicade infliximab . the fourth medication, tysabri natalizumab , is called an integrin receptor antagonist. it blocks certain types of white blood cells that are involved in inflammation. because they suppress the immune system, all biologics carry an increased risk of infections, which in rare cases can be serious. cimzia, humira, and remicade carry a boxed warning for increased risk of serious infections leading to hospitalization or death. if someone taking a biologic develops a serious infection, the drug should be discontinued. people with tuberculosis, heart failure, or multiple sclerosis should not take biologics because they can bring on these conditions or make them worse. in rare cases, some people taking tnf inhibitors have developed certain cancers such as lymphoma. lymphoma is a type of cancer that affects the lymph system, which is part of the body s immune system. tysabri increases the risk of a very rare but potentially fatal brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy pml . tysabri also can cause allergic reactions and liver damage. tysabri should not be used at the same time as other treatments that suppress the immune system or tnf inhibitors. however, most infections that occur with biologic use are far less serious, says richard bloomfeld, md, associate professor of medicine and director of the inflammatory bowel disease program at wake forest university school of medicine in winston salem, n.c. "infections such as colds, upper respiratory tract infections, and urinary tract infections are common and don't necessarily alter our treatment of crohn's." other common side effects from biologic use include headache, flu-like symptoms, nausea, rash, injection site pain, and infusion reactions. so who should take a biologic for crohn's? many gastroenterologists reserve these drugs for people who have not responded to conventional medications that suppress the immune system. but some gastroenterologists may treat crohn's more aggressively. "if you let inflammation go, inflammation leads to scarring and scarring leads to narrowing of the intestines, which becomes a surgical problem," says prabhakar swaroop, md, assistant professor and director of the inflammatory bowel disease program at the university of texas southwestern medical center in dallas. "you want to treat the person aggressively to prevent these problems." "in addition to improving symptoms, the anti-tnf modifiers are associated with mucosal healing," says bloomfeld. "we hope that in healing the mucosa we can stop the progression of the disease and prevent complications of crohn's that result in hospitalization and surgery." while there are other treatments that suppress the immune system to treat crohn's, they too have side effects, says bloomfeld. like the biologics, drugs that suppress the immune system increase the risk of lymphomas and infections, which can be severe. cortiosteroids like prednisone, for example, can cause a wide range of adverse effects including weight gain, mood swings, bone loss, skin bruising, high blood pressure, and high blood sugar. those side effects are why corticosteroids may be used to control a flare, but aren't the choice to treat crohn's over a long period of time. "the stop-gap method, which is steroids, is something we cannot use long term," says swaroop. when prescribing any drug, doctors look at the potential risks against the benefits they hope or expect to achieve. although doctors don't all share the same philosophy on when to start biologics for crohn's disease, they do agree that biologics should be used when people have severe disease that can lead to permanent damage and make surgery unavoidable. swaroop says he looks for signs that the disease is progressing, such as how long between a person's diagnosis of crohn's and when they have fistulas. "these are the patients who generally do better on biologics, who have the quality of life improvement, who are able to avoid surgery and get back in the workforce," he says. before prescribing biologics, doctors check for potential problems. "in the beginning, of course, we go ahead and make sure the person does not have an active liver infection or tb," says marie borum, md, professor of medicine and director of the division of gastroenterology and liver diseases at george washington university in washington, d.c. once someone starts a biologic, the doctor looks for side effects in order to find them before they become serious. monitoring includes include lab tests and possibly regular skin checks for signs of skin cancer. all effective therapies for crohn's disease come with some risk, says bloomfeld. "it is not an option not to treat crohn's, so we certainly need to weigh these risks against the benefits of having the disease well treated." "it may be challenging for the individual to consider all of these risk and benefits. they need to work with their gastroenterologist to decide what might be most beneficial for them and what risk they are willing to accept to effectively treat crohn's disease," bloomfeld says. "you have to be willing to accept some risk to adequately treat crohn's disease." sources:crohn's colitis foundation of america: "biologic therapies."marie borum, md, professor of medicine; director, division of gastroenterology and liver diseases, george washington university, washington, d.c.richard bloomfeld, md, associate professor of medicine; director, inflammatory bowel disease program, wake forest university school of medicine, winston salem, n.c.prabhakar swaroop, md, assistant professor; director, inflammatory bowel disease program, university of texas southwestern medical center, dallas. here are the most recent story comments.view all the views expressed here do not necessarily represent those of newssource the health news section does not provide medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. see additional information.
__label__non_math	1.0000	view full version : finally christening gown thanks sooooo very much to lana who quite literally helped me step by step, and did everything but the knitting but pics are up at : mama even said that his next formal pictures she was going to have his pic taken in it thank you lana the set is adorable looks really nice the whole set is beautiful - a family treasure for sure. great job. :d it's gorgeous wow are those gorgeous thanks you guys i'll have pics up of the baptism...sometime soon. it's so beautiful heather, it was my pleasure to provide you with the pattern. you did a wonderful job, especially since you had no picture to know what the ensemble would look like finished. and it fit, too i can't wait to see picutres from sunday too.
__label__math	0.8649	to me, when the directions say that, it isn't critical if you get the spacing off by one or two stitches. so. i divide the number of stitches into halves: for stitches, that would be and . then i fold the work where i'm supposed to increase on in half and mark it with a safety pin or a piece of yarn. for stitches, i'd again fold the first half of the piece in half and mark it. so for this first half-of-a-half, i need to increase sts between the edge and the 1st marker. then increase st at the marker itself. then increase more between the marker and your half-way marker. comes out pretty evenly - i've not had any real problems. this also works well when you have to pick up x number of stitches around a neckline or an armhole. if they wanted anything more precise, they'd've put it into the directions, right? right. my words sell the magic of a dream the following user says thank you to dorothydot for this useful post: a pattern usually has several different sizes and you may need to increase different numbers of sts, so writing it to inc x sts evenly spaced' is much easier. it's not too hard to figure out - if you're to inc 10sts even spaced and you have sts, you inc every sts. i agree with dorothydot that it is not that critical to get them just so. when you start out you really sweat all this stuff, but after you get a little experience you find it is not a life of death issue. :- get them as even as you can without having to stress out too much and you should probably be safe.
__label__non_math	0.9993	i am working on these supposedly "easy" mittens: the pattern asks for me to "place next sts on holder. cast on sts over sts on holder" my question is: where do i cast on these stitches and how many am i casting on? i am using a spare dpn for my holder, so do i cast on these stitches beside my stitches that i moved, or do i ignore the holder and cast on the stitches on the next needle? also, further along the pattern, when it comes time to make the thumb, the pattern instructs: "place sts from holder onto needle. pick up sts in cast-on row, placing of these sts on one needle and 5on one needle on the other needle." for these directions, it tells me to place of the cast-on stitches on one needle and then on another. what happens to the rest of the stitches i've cast on earlier assuming that i cast on ? any help will be much appreciated. thanks in advance
__label__non_math	0.9577	knitzi bags are great to keep all of your knitting notions together. you can carry it by itself or stash it in your purse. each bag comfortably holds a knitzi, knitted work, and an average ball of yarn. fabrics for the knitzi bags change periodically, but we try to always have multiple styles in stock. each bag is hand-sewn from sturdy canvas fabric, has a gusseted bottom, and is finished with a unique button closure. hand-made in michigan, usa. not currently available.
__label__non_math	0.9935	on wed at et pt please join us for a tweetchat hosted by spm member janice mccallum about big data in healthcare. one good way to participate is to use the website go to the site at the right time,login with your twitter user name and enjoy the discussion if you want to find out more about big data,janice prepared a few links that will get you started. below is the outline of the chat: we ll kick-off with a definition of big data. definitions vary,but the 3v definition seems to be most widely used:collections of data with high volume,variety of formats,and velocity. formats can include structured and non-structured data types. - jeff jonas s explanation of big data on ibm s smarter planet. - richard dale s a better definition of big data. be sure to read doug laney s comment on richard s post click through to his original post defining 3v - in for this s4pm tweetchat,we re focusing on big data in healthcare. here are topics for discussion with a couple of examples from me to kick-off discussion if needed. we can skip t4 if we don t have time. t1: what are some current examples of big data in context of healthcare? - google flu trends t2: what can big data do to help transform healthcare? - improve access to research information for clinical purposes la ibm watson - resolve textual dictated info problem by improving integration of structured textual data from clinical settings. t3: is healthcare ready for big data? - we haven t exactly mastered exchange and analysis of structured data yet. - are some segments more ready than others? e.g.,payers. - how close are we to benefiting from outcomes data generated by ehrs - how about ehrs phrs that record patient-generated outcomes? t4: what is the biggest obstacle to implementing big data solutions in healthcare? - access to the data across organizations and across stakeholder groups. - privacy concerns. - methods for analyzing the data.
__label__non_math	0.9935	article i: name the body for administering social discipline at knox college shall be known as the conduct council. the conduct council shall hear complaints of violations of college policy committed by students or student organizations with the exception of violations of the honor code, which are heard by the honor board, and violations of college policies regarding harassment, sexual harassment, discrimination and sexual misconduct, which are heard by the grievance panel. complaints filed against college faculty and staff are heard by the appropriate vice president. the college's conduct officer, normally a member of the office of student development, shall serve as the convener of the conduct council. summary of process the following summary does not supersede the actual conduct council constitution complaints should be brought to the attention of the conduct officer. the conduct officer may hold an administrative hearing, at the student's request, with both parties present, in an attempt to reach a mutually acceptable resolution of the complaint. acceptance of a resolution of the complaint by both parties will preclude further judicial action on the original complaint. if either party declines an administrative hearing or a mutually agreed upon determination cannot be reached during the administrative hearing, the convener shall then arrange a hearing with the conduct council. the person s bringing charges may, at any time before the conclusion of a hearing, choose to withdraw the charges. such a withdrawal of charges will end the judicial process. the hearing shall lead to a determination of responsible or not responsible regarding the complaints of violations of college policy. should the accused be found responsible, sanctions will be imposed. the dean of students shall be informed of the sanctions and shall be responsible for their implementation. appeals shall be heard by the president of the college. any intimidation of students participating in a hearing shall be viewed as a serious offense subject to disciplinary action. article ii: jurisdiction complaints of violations of knox college policies committed by students or student organizations should be brought to the attention of the conduct officer. he or she shall review the complaints and determine, first, if the complaints are within the jurisdiction of the conduct council or should be heard by the honor board or the grievance panel. article iii: administrative hearings section . should a complaint be deemed within the jurisdiction of the conduct council, the conduct officer at the request of either party may attempt to reach a mutually agreeable solution through an administrative hearing. in an administrative hearing both parties will meet and discuss the complaint in the presence of the judicial officer. both parties may bring their advisor to this administrative hearing. should both parties come to an agreement at that point, there will be no need for a conduct council hearing on the original complaint. the acceptance of a solution will be formalized in writing. if no agreement is reached the complaint will be referred to the conduct council. section . results of administrative hearings, with all names omitted, shall be included in the summaries that are provided for the student newspaper. article iv: structure and membership section . the conduct council shall consist of seven students one from each year with the exception of the first years, the rest at large , two faculty members and the convener of the conduct council. section . the college's conduct officer, normally a member of the office of student development, shall serve as the convener of the conduct council. the conduct officer who also serves as the convener of the conduct council shall serve as the administrative liaison between students and the council, responsible for insuring that all parties have an understanding of the conduct council constitution. the convener shall arrange the hearing and shall be responsible, along with the student chair of the conduct council for communicating the outcome of all hearings to all parties. the convener shall observe the hearing but shall not participate except to correct procedural error. the convener shall participate in the deliberations of the conduct council following a hearing to the extent of providing information about precedent of past violations and sanctions. the convener shall not vote during hearings or deliberations. article v: selection of board members section . during spring term the next year's vacancies will be filled. section . to be eligible for a position on the conduct council students must be full time students in good academic standing and have a good conduct record while a student. falling below good academic standing or being found responsible for violation of college policy while a member of the cc may result in termination of appointment to the council. section . appointments of students to the conduct council shall be made by a panel comprised of two senators appointed by senate, the vice chair of the student senate, one faculty member from the student life committee who is to be selected by the student life committee; the convener of the conduct council, and the most senior student member of the conduct council. the selection panel shall strive to select a diverse and representative group to serve on the conduct council. section . the selection panel will also conduct reviews of student members, as needed, to determine eligibility for continuing membership and quality of service. the selection panel will have the authority to remove council members and to fill vacancies, when necessary. section . students interested in serving on the council will apply for positions providing, among other things, a rationale for wanting to serve and a list of two students and two faculty members who might be contacted as references. applicants also may be interviewed by the selection panel. section . faculty appointments to the conduct council will be made by the executive committee. to be eligible, a faculty member must have served on the faculty for at least two years. article vi: officers section . the officers of the conduct council shall be chair and secretary. section . the chair shall be the longest serving student member of the council, or, when student experience is limited as determined by a majority of the council, any student member of the council may be elected chair by a majority vote of the cc. the chair shall preside at all meetings of the conduct council. the chair or the convener of the conduct council shall inform the accused of complaints brought against him or her. the chair or the convener of the conduct council shall see that the accused, the accuser and the dean of students are notified of the cc's determination within hours. section . a recording secretary shall be chosen from the student members by the conduct council before each hearing. the convener shall keep accurate records of all hearings conducted by the conduct council. the convener of the conduct council will be responsible for providing the results of all cases including charges, determination, and sanctions where applicable, and omitting all student names for publication in the knox student. article vii: powers section . the conduct council shall have the power to hear evidence and to determine whether students have been in violation of college rules, regulations, or standards of conduct. all determinations shall be subject to review on appeal to the president of knox college. section . after making its determination of responsible or not responsible, the conduct council will assign sanctions in cases where the students have been found in violation of college rules. regulations, policies, or standards of conduct. the conduct council will submit said sanctions to the dean of students for implementation. section . sanctions shall include but not be limited to any one or combination of the following: warning: a student is notified that his or her conduct is unsatisfactory and should not be repeated. disciplinary probation: this status is extremely serious. disciplinary probation is assigned for a set period of time and in many cases conditions will be outlined. in some cases a student placed upon disciplinary probation may be prohibited from the following: the conduct council may hold students responsible for any damages they have caused, either directly or indirectly. this responsibility may include costs, and or doing repairs or clean up. suspension: a student may not continue at the college until the specified conditions have been fulfilled. separation: a student is permanently separated from the college and is no longer allowed to continue in any capacity as a student at knox college. individuals that present a threat to the safety and welfare of members of the knox community may be banned from campus. section . a record of disciplinary action taken against a student is placed in the student's personal file in the dean of student's office, but does not appear on the student's transcript and generally is not made available to personnel outside of the college. legitimate requests for such information from graduate schools, employers and the like, will be filled only with the permission of the student. article viii: advisor section . the role of the advisor a. during investigative, judicial including appeals , or disciplinary proceedings, the individual s or organization s facing charges have the right to be assisted in his her their defense by a person acting as an advisor. this right will only come into effect after an initial incident report has been filed. b. during any and all investigative, judicial including appeals , or disciplinary proceedings, the individual s or organization s bringing charges have the right to be assisted in his her their complaint by a person acting as an advisor. c. the advisor must be a currently enrolled knox college student or a currently employed faculty member or staff member. d. the advisor's role will be to offer advice to the accused. the advisor may also help assemble witnesses and help prepare the accused's arguments. the advisor may not question the accused, the accuser s , the witness es , or council members. e. the accused is the final authority in terms of his or her case and is not obliged to ask an advisor to become involved. once an advisor is involved the accused will determine the extent of the advisor's involvement and may terminate the services of the advisor at any time or switch advisors prior to or after any proceeding. furthermore, the accused shall control all information pertinent to the case and the advisor shall be required to observe the guidelines governing confidentiality as stipulated by conduct council. f. neither the competence of the advisor nor the accused's decision not to have an advisor shall be valid grounds for an appeal. g. during any investigative, judicial including appeals or disciplinary proceedings, the advisor may be present, if the accused desires. this privilege will only come into effect after an initial incident report has been filed. the only exception shall be investigative proceedings where the college must intervene immediately to protect the physical safety of one or more community members. article ix: procedure section . any member of the conduct council may receive reports of alleged violations of the college's rules and regulations, policies, or standards of conduct committed by students, which may be submitted by any member of the knox community. reports will be passed along to the college's judicial officer who will review the reports and determine the appropriate action to be taken, in consultation with the person s bringing forth the report. section . students who are willing to admit that they were in violation of college policy may have the option of having an administrative hearing conducted by the conduct officer, depending upon the violation. an administrative hearing may also be held, with both parties present, in an attempt to reach a mutually agreed upon determination. the judicial officer may impose sanctions in an administrative hearing. section . a quorum for the conduct council shall consist of five voting members including at least one faculty and three students. conflict of interest issues shall be resolved by the convener. the convener of the conduct council shall be present at all hearings conducted by the conduct council. section . determinations of in violation or not in violation shall be based upon preponderance of evidence with a majority vote of those present. section . the cc shall examine all evidence and hear and question the witnesses. section . the chair of the conduct council shall be responsible, in a conduct hearing, for informing the accused of charges brought against him or her and for giving him or her the opportunity to say whether he or she was in violation of college policy or not. the accused shall be questioned by and be allowed to ask questions of the conduct council and shall be permitted to see and to question his or her accuser s . section . prior to the hearing, the accused shall be informed in writing of the reasons for possible disciplinary action with sufficient particularity, and in sufficient time, to ensure opportunity to prepare for the proceedings. if a student accused of a violation is deemed a threat to the safety of the campus community by the dean of students or the president, he or she may be temporarily removed from the campus until a conduct hearing has been completed and a determination has been reached. section . during the disciplinary proceedings the student has the right to be assisted in his or her defense by a person acting as an advisor. the advisor must be a currently enrolled knox college student or a currently employed faculty or staff member. the advisor's role in the hearing will be to offer advice to the accused. he or she may not question the accuser s , the witness es , or council members. section . hearings are closed. only the parties involved and their witnesses and advisors are permitted to attend. only currently enrolled knox college student or a currently employed faculty or staff member will be allowed to attend a hearing in any capacity. section . no recording devices, including tape recorders, video cameras, etc. will be permitted in a hearing. section . the conduct council shall then come to a determination of whether the accused was in violation of college policy or not. if found responsible, the council shall impose sanction s . the council shall submit the sanction s to the dean of students for implementation. section . appeals of determinations or sanctions may be made on the grounds of procedural error in the hearing, bias, appropriateness of sanctions or the availability of new evidence significant to the case. appeals are heard by the president of the college; appeals must be submitted in writing to the president of the college within two weeks of the initial determination. section . when deemed appropriate by the judicial officer, the dean of students or the president of the college shall be permitted to act on behalf of the conduct council. article x: amendment process amendments to the conduct college constitution are submitted to the student senate and the student life committee for approval. the student senate and the student life committee will approve or reject the proposed amendment s based upon a majority vote. an amendment that will require changes in faculty regulations must be passed, by majority vote, by the faculty senate. all amendments to the conduct council constitution must be read to the faculty senate. ?approved by student senate, spring
__label__non_math	1.0000	web search powered by yahoo so broughton claims to be 'a 'christian' who wouldn't do that to his body - it would be breaking god's law' - what about the 'man's law' that he was breaking achieving this ludicrous blood alcohol level of .448 while being under-aged? i guess, in the same situation, i wouldn't admit to what is being printed either, but the best thing for this kid, his daddy and their entourage to do would be to shut up and let it go. right now, they are making a mockery of the kid, the parents, the fraternity, the university and ultimately our state - being that this is now national headlines. shut up comments are the sole responsibility of the person posting them. you agree not to post comments that are off topic, defamatory, obscene, abusive, threatening or an invasion of privacy. violators may be banned. click here for our full user agreement. username don't have an account? sign up for a new account password can't remember? reset your password comments can be shared on add both options by connecting your profiles. feels like: feels like: feels like: occupational health and safety ask me a question. banks jones, attorneys at law ashe's wine spirits imbrey associates ask us a question. tennessee foot and ankle clinics send us your prom pictures for our gallery. jill scheidt of dragonfly aerial arts studio suspends herself from a length of fabric news sentinel tablet app now available for amazon kindle fire. get storm shield, our weather radio app like the kns? consider liking us on facebook
__label__non_math	0.9972	philadelphia, pa sports network - reports came out during the week that the new orleans hornets were considering a name change. that makes all of the sense in the world. the hornets came from charlotte and with new owner tom benson, who also owns the new orleans saints, at the helm in the big easy, why not put a new stamp on his organization. benson landed on pelicans as the new team name. the large-mouthed bird, kinda looks like a seagull? one and the same. let's be clear - team names mean nothing. grown men, professional athletes aren't intimidated if you are a panther, predator, padre, pirate or pelican. it's just a name, but in this case, it's a silly one, so let's have fun with it. the pelican is the state bird of louisiana. it is on the flag and state seal. how many people know what their home state's bird is? ruffed grouse for my fellow pennsylvanians. so who associates with such a thing? "the new orleans pelicans? while a name won't intimidate the opposition, it doesn't have to potentially embarrass the players who don that uniform. maybe it's preposterous to think this would humiliate anthony davis, austin rivers or eric gordon. again, it's just a name, but can you imagine after davis gets introduced, pulling the team together and saying, "let's go boys making a team name indigenous to its culture is appropriate and a possible way to connect with a fan base. the pelicans were a long-time minor-league baseball team in the new orleans area and reaching out to more fans would be prudent for benson, who owns the name pelicans. the hornets rank 27th in home attendance. the team colors would change from teal, which is just fine. throw out a cool uniform, and merchandise sales go up and now we are getting some cash in the coffer. but if the best you can come up with is the state bird, is it worth it? the obvious team name for a new orleans franchise currently resides in salt lake city, utah. the jazz were formerly anchored on bourbon street and it might be time for wholesale changes in the nba name department. the jazz is the silliest name in sports, let alone basketball. is there a less jazzy place on earth than utah? is there a jazzier place on earth than new orleans? could commissioner david stern intervene? after all, he is sticking his nose in all business of nba teams. "if it works for them, it works for me," stern said. "i don't have any objections to anything that the hornets want to do name-wise because i'm sure it'll be sensible. i'm sure whatever it is, it'll be good. if pelicans is what it is, that's fine. i think everything sounds good." he can not possibly think pelicans sounds good. stupid names attached to teams is not reserved for new orleans. ever heard of the existence of a lake in los angeles? that team came from minnesota. think there are any grizzly bears in memphis, tennessee? do you know what a knickerbocker is? washington irving wrote under the pseudonym diedrich knickerbocker and it became synonymous for manhattan elite. also, it's a slang term for underpants. the point is, if you don't have a good name that fits your culture, scrap it and go with a general, albeit a relatively scary animal. but new orleans is fraught with fascinating ideas. as a play on jazz, what about brass as an ode to the music? new orleans is the voodoo capital of the u.s., what's wrong with voodoo? imagine what the mascot could be and how creepy and intense you could make the pre-game intros in a darkened arena. one problem is voodoo is the new orleans arena football league team name and the team was once owned by benson, but no longer. crawfish? anything sounds better than pelicans. sure, this won't matter next season when the hornets become the pelicans. all the jokes will be made and within six months, we will be acclimated with the name. for now, it's a silly and short-sighted choice. - kobe bryant reaching ,000 career points is impressive, but don't be mislead. yes, he is the youngest ever to accomplish the feat, but remember, it took him the most games to do it since he came right out of high school. still awesome achievement. - lakers brass say they aren't trading pau gasol, but at some point they'll have to consider it. if steve nash lord knows when he's actually returning can't get gasol going, they should explore it. with the lakers' age, they need to try and acquire athleticism. however, it will be nearly impossible to trade a -year-old with two worsening knees and over million owed to him in the next two seasons. - lakers other problem is "hack-a-howard." mike d'antoni can't sit the best center in the sport in the fourth quarter of close games, but he's under percent at the line in the final frame. that orlando magic loss hurt him deeply. he was not the same man in the locker room. obviously, it stung, but howard doesn't seem to know how to fit in totally. lakers are in some serious trouble. - apparently no thoughts on anything other than the lakers. - movie moment - i'll watch a "family guy" movie. i mean, i've already watched the three they made, why not another one. - tv moment - there are two, two celebrity diving shows coming to your airwaves next season. i think this is it. i think this is where the line has to be drawn. this is too much. watching t.o. and jwoww learn how to flip off a diving board now passes as a television special. when the "wizard of oz" came on tv, that was considered a special. yeah, this is the one that broke me. this needs to be the one that gets all television big-wigs into one room and ask what are we doing? "cheers" and "seinfeld" were television shows. "real housewives" is bad enough to the citizens of this country, but now putting two of them on a diving board and calling that entertainment? we are better than this. i swear we are. and there will be two of them. you can only really vote for one of two people to be president of the united states. you have the same number of options in leaders of your country as you do in "celebrity" diving competitions. disgraceful.
__label__non_math	0.9971	posted: by robert preidt tuesday, oct. healthday news -- a gene test that can identify people at risk for mouth cancer has been developed by british researchers. the test detects precancerous cells in patients with benign-looking mouth lesions and could lead to earlier treatment for at-risk patients and improve their chances of survival, according to the team at queen mary, university of london. they used the quantitative malignancy index diagnostic system test -- which measures the level of genes -- on more than 350 head and neck tissue specimens from nearly 300 patients and found that it had a cancer detection rate between percent and percent. the study was published oct. in the international journal of cancer. mouth cancer affects more than half a million people worldwide each year, and that number is expected to rise above million by , according to world health organization figures. most cases of mouth cancer are caused by either smoking or chewing tobacco, or drinking alcohol. mouth lesions are common, but only percent to percent may turn into cancers. until now, no test has been able to accurately detect which lesions will become cancerous. many mouth cancers are diagnosed at later stages, when the chances of survival are greatly reduced. "a sensitive test capable of quantifying a patient's cancer risk is needed to avoid the adoption of a 'wait-and-see' intervention," study lead investigator and test inventor dr. muy-teck teh said in a university news release. "detecting cancer early, coupled with appropriate treatment, can significantly improve patient outcomes, reduce mortality and alleviate long-term public health care costs." although this study shows that the test is effective for early cancer detection, further clinical trials are needed to evaluate its long-term clinical benefits. the u.s. national cancer institute has more about mouth and other types of oral cancer.
__label__non_math	0.9997	jeep gets stuck driving over border fence smugglers use makeshift ramp tunnels under the u.s.-mexico border are nothing new, but authorities spotted two smugglers taking a different approach this week: driving a jeep over the -foot fence dividing the two countries. but the makeshift ramp the suspects propped up at the border near yuma, arizona, didn't work, officials said. u.s. border patrol agents patrolling the area saw the jeep get stuck. it was left wedged atop the fence, and its drivers fled into mexico, the patrol said in a statement. it was not immediately clear what the vehicle may have been carrying. "suspects attempting to drive a vehicle over the border fence fell prey to their own devices," the statement said. border patrol agents confiscated the vehicle and the makeshift ramp.
__label__non_math	1.0000	wiener looks ahead after major defeat commissioner may sue photographer, porn site it was a resounding defeat for bernalillo county s most notorious commissioner in tuesday night s election. but michael wiener said he is launching a new type of campaign: to clear his name. the soon-to-be former commissioner is going after the photographer and the porn site that capitalized on the now-infamous photo of wiener in a red light district of the philippines. he and his attorney are leaning towards a lawsuit. it all poisoned the vote, according to wiener. "i think they voted not so much against me or for lonnie, but just to get off the subject," wiener said. the photo was featured on late night talk shows, papers around the world and even led to a parody video. however, no concrete evidence ever surfaced that the commissioner did anything wrong, much less illegal. "it's hard," wiener said. "my name has been dragged through the mud." wiener has another six months in office, and then it ll be curtains most likely for any public office. "i don't know if politics is going to be in my future, wiener said. in his final months in office, wiener said he wants to focus on a spay and neuter program for the county, as well as the metropolitan detention center. somewhere down the line, the scandal could make for a good book or movie something that s not lost on wiener. lonnie talbert, who took home percent of the vote, won tuesday night's primary and is running unopposed in november.
__label__non_math	0.9999	might of the magus brings you feats of swordsmanship and spellcraft, expanding the range of this already versatile class created by complete advanced feats author sigfried trent, this -page book includes: - an insightful breakdown of the magus class - new feats for the magus including adrenalin surge, dancing strike, and spellstrike multishot - magus character builds: the fae blade, lady of the lash, and the rune fist get ready to do it all with advanced feats: might of the magus today open design is a trademark of open design llc. pathfinder and associated marks and logos are trademarks of paizo publishing, llc, and are used under license. see paizo.com pathfinderrpg for more information on the pathfinder roleplaying game. this product was added to our catalog on thursday june, .
__label__non_math	0.9385	barda by bodega chacraplay taking passion to the extreme . artisanal pinot noir from patagonia bodega chacra crafts exclusively single-vineyard pinot noir wines biodynamic , organic, natural and unfiltered from vines planted more than years ago in the r o negro valley in argentina. bodega chacra barda pinot noir continues to earn top accolades, achieving outstanding scores and high praise from wine critics.
__label__non_math	0.9999	on your keyboard press the buttons "ctrl " or "ctrl -" at the same time to zoom in or out to view our website how you like be our friend on facebook and receive a promotion code to get off your next order be our facebook friend at your search for " apparel:by type:men's apparel:tops:short sleeve" did not match any products that we carry. try these search tips: you may be interested in these items we ship worldwide international customers can view our website in a different language to make shopping easier. international orders section of our website to do this as well as other helpful information such as shipping rates to your country, custom duties taxes, size conversion calculators, etc. shop with confidence "koch martial arts's customer service is beyond professional. dealing with them is like dealing with not only a professional company, but a best friend at the same time. i am happy with the products i ordered and wish to order from them again in the future." derek liston university student mixed martial arts and boxing brockville, ontario, canada "i am very impressed with the genuine customer service that randall koch provides through his company. i am currently stationed overseas, and he made the process of shipping internationally and using the online live support from over here far easier than i have experienced elsewhere. the prices are great and i am happy to be a repeat customer jenna williams navelsg forward headquarters company apo, ae "hi there nestor medina bodybuilder cordoba, argentina "just want to thank you for your good service. we have been purchasing martial arts gear, uniforms and weapons for the past years for our sons from various martial arts businesses both online and in stores. your prices are excellent and the action flex escrima was received in good condition. hope to do more business with you in the future." greg smith cathy won-smith hayward, california "firstly congratulations for running such a smooth and professional operation. the site was very easy to find, is well put together, with accurate descriptions, good pictures. prompt reply to emails and excellent communication all round. the products arrived promptly, atg the door, with minimum fuss. they are of high quality and exactly what i expected. pricing was highly competitive. with the international delivery still cheaper than buying locally. thank you for a great service." dr. amir nekoee bodybuilding and martial arts enthusiast melbourne, australia "randall koch from koch marital arts and fitness is a man of integrity and runs a very professional company. my experience with randall has been amazing; the customer service provided to me was outstanding. he goes above and beyond your expectations. i would recommend them to anyone and i would order from them again. they have been by far the best company i have ordered from." tina pac hr administrator cardio kickboxing kensington, connecticut "i have ordered numerous times from koch martial arts and every time, i receive a great transaction they are always quick to respond to emails and shipping to canada is amazingly fast i will continue to purchase all of my bodybuilding clothing and accessories from koch, why look elsewhere when i've found the best bobby weir entrepreneur amateur bodybuilder winnipeg, manitoba, canada "doing business with you has been good professional dyana alexander winter park, florida i received it everlast pro sparring safety cage headgear yesterday and it's in really good condition jeric tamayo montreal, quebec, canada "i have asked randell koch so many questions using emails and online live support and always received answers to every inquiry.,from right size of headgear to proper fit of ringstar shoes.and i have to say because of the great customer service, every item i've purchased has fit perfectly .always shipped as promised. professional service like this is hard to find. .and price of merchandise can't be beat. thank you." arlene atlanta, georgia we want you to have a positive experience with us we want you to feel confident knowing you are getting a good deal from us military discount for all orders shipping to apo fpo addresses. we will refund your payment for the cost of the items after we receive your order. thank you for your service military, law enforcement, firefighter and emt personnel are eligible for a discount on all orders. before ordering, please to receive instructions on how to get your discount code
__label__non_math	1.0000	an idaho man accused of slapping a crying -month-old boy on a delta flight pleaded not guilty in federal court wednesday in atlanta. joe rickey hundley is charged with assaulting a minor in connection with the incident last month. accompanied by his attorney outside the courthouse, hundley appeared solemn and looked toward the ground. before hundley's court appearance, his attorney, marcia shein, said that he would be entering a plea of not guilty. after the hearing, shein issued a statement on hundley's behalf, saying that the day before the flight on february , her client had learned that his son had overdosed on insulin and was in a coma on life support. "mr. hundley had been up for hours over this tragic news and was heading to atlanta to decide, with his son's mother, if they should take him off life support as he had no brain activity. on the flight he was in distress, upset and grieving," shein said. his son died the next day, she said. according to court documents, the boy's mother, jessica bennett, and her son were seated in row , seat b on delta flight 721, which originated in minneapolis. she spent part of the flight in the rear of the plane to get away from hundley, who she said smelled like alcohol and was slurring his speech, according to john thompson, attorney for the child's family. in her statement wednesday, shein did not address whether hundley was drunk. as the plane began its descent into atlanta, the boy began to cry because of the altitude change, and his mother tried to soothe him. hundley, who was seated next to the mother and son, allegedly told her to "shut that n-word baby up." hundley then turned around and slapped the child in the face with an open hand, which caused him to scream even louder, an fbi affidavit said.
__label__non_math	0.9994	as the dust settled from black friday and other shoppers streamed online for an early cyber monday, some hoped a big powerball payout might help them pay for it all. saturday night's jackpot was up to million, which the associated press reported would be the game's fourth-largest ever. no one picked all six numbers, which will push the jackpot to at least million for wednesday's drawing. even on thanksgiving, people played for their chance at an early christmas. john schankey said he was celebrating a special thanksgiving and hoped the jackpot would turn his life around. "of course, i'll definitely donate some to charity, i'm that kind of guy," he said. "but this will definitely take care of me if i win." the odds of winning? about in 175 million, officials said. powerball tickets doubled in price this year, decreasing the number sold, the ap reported. but the extra revenue has made up for it and pushed jackpots up, norm lingle, chairman of the powerball board of directors, told the wire service. saturday night's numbers were , , , and with a powerball of . the powerball lottery is played in states, washington d.c. and the us virgin islands.
__label__non_math	0.9978	looking for your kohl's charge account? begin page main content. anywhere lighting puts a spin on traditional lighting with this hannah candelabra. featuring elegant tulip-shaped buds that hold flickering led lights, this candelabra provides the effect of real candlelight. with a durable metal scrollwork frame, this anywhere lighting hannah candelabra looks as gorgeous in your dining room as it does on your patio table. in bronze tone.
__label__non_math	1.0000	kon ar - electric vehicles inc. welcome to the website of kon ar - electric vehicles inc. we are a leading croatian and regional manufacturer for low-floor tramcars, electric locomotives and electric multiple units. our activities include development, production, modernization and maintenance of electric traction vehicles as well as equipment and components for electric vehicles. kon ar - electric vehicles inc. is member of the kon ar group.
__label__non_math	0.9980	grab the link marius stoian only registered users can comment. sign in your comment is waiting for administrator moderation tournament and league management software konkuri is a registered trademark of koinema srl. . only logged users can follow: sign in. aren't you registered yet? create an account.
__label__non_math	0.9987	call 485 we love digital - call and say hello - mon - fri, - . by anna lewis on 20th april in march google introduced a new interface for google analytics. over a year later the new interface has just had the addition of what seem to be the finishing touches. it s hard to believe that we ve managed a whole year without pdf exports, scheduled report emailing and percentage changes in the new interface. i m sure i m not alone in skipping back to the old version for pdfs and other missing functionality or using a percentage calculator to quickly show me the changes. but now the old version has almost gone so it s time to get familiar with the new version and appreciate everything it now has to offer. so what s new? what might you have missed? let s have a look at these in more depth: export to pdf as useful as csvs are for exporting data, pdf snapshots of the data you re looking at are very useful and so much prettier. they re very handy for sending to clients or different departments when you need to quickly show a graph and the top level statistics in an easy to read format. exporting to pdf is particularly useful when using custom reports as these are often bespoke reports that you won t already have a template or standard method of reporting for. to create a pdf export, just navigate to the data that you want to put in the pdf and hit export pdf and voila to be fair, it doesn t look very different to taking a screenshot of the page you re on, without the menu or links, but it adds an old school style google analytics logo and the account profile name at the top. emailing reports is a good way to keep on top of your results and let your clients know what s going on without spending valuable time trawling through the interface and pulling off reports manually. with email functionality back in action we can now set up reports to be emailed to whoever we choose and with the subject and email content that we choose. date comparisons in a number of standard reports now show a percentage change. as something that users have been bagging google about putting back in for almost a year i feel we ought to be grateful, however it has made the actual numbers very hard to see: a very new area to reach google analytics is social reporting. this enables you to see the value of conversions that social media traffic and activity has created and also assisted: here we can see that this website has seen conversions assisted by social activity as well as leading to the conversions, however it is only a small amount compared to the total revenue of the site. this clearly shows that with a little more effort they could increase conversions through social media and measure the value of this activity. in addition to the value that social media generates, you can aslo track the number of interactions that have happened on your site s social buttons: this will help you understand how well your social buttons are working and which pages see the most interaction. what might you have missed? there are lots of areas of the new analytics that i ve written or filmed videos about over the last year so have a look through these for more information on other new aspects of google analytics that you might have missed or might want to start looking in to now that they ve fine tuned everything the only thing i don t think i ve written about so far is the new flow visualisation which you can find both under audience visitor flow and under conversions goals goal flow. it can be used to see users movement between pages and towards goals on your site and looks something like this: we d love to hear what you think of the new google analytics good and bad so please leave your comments below:
__label__non_math	0.9999	jump to content kpbs has a planned power outage, due to set up of our new backup generator, scheduled for saturday, may 18th from p.m. to a.m., impacting our live stream, fm and tv. the page you're trying to access is only available to readers with free kpbs.org accounts. just sign in below, and we'll send you on your way. this field is required i agree to the :
__label__non_math	0.9999	monday, unitarian universalist rev. david miller discusses, among other things, the role of religion in social activism and specifically the "occupy" movement . san diego one local religious leader is supporting the "occupy san diego" movement with a simple message: let them eat pie. "occu-pie san diego" takes place monday, nov. from p.m. to p.m. the idea was conceived by unitarian universalist reverend david miller, who is urging people to not only attend, but to also bring apple, pumpkin, peach or even chicken or turkey pot pies with them to share. miller says those who attend this evening's downtown event in civic center plaza should leave with a full stomach. "it's thanksgiving week," he said, "and i just felt it was a good week to offer thanks and gratitude for what we already have. and to feed each other and nourish each other." despite the event's punny name, miller is serious about the protests. he sees the country's growing wealth disparity as a crucial moral issue, and said the "occupy" protests share a pedigree with such societal conflicts as the civil rights movement. "to unitarian universalists , and to others i know - people of what i would maybe call progressive faith - this is a moral movement about human relations and human justice and economic justice and human dignity," said miller. he expects clergy from other religions to attend, and hopes they will bring some of their congregation to this all-inclusive feast. he even said he'd love for the police to join in.
__label__non_math	0.9998	you probably know by now that the two winning powerball tickets were sold in arizona and missouri, but some lucky folks in connecticut could be holding on to a million winning tickets. according to the ct lottery, two million powerball tickets were sold in connecticut. the three tickets matched five out of the six numbers to win the million. the million winner got an extra million by paying a buck for the powerplay. there is no word yet on where the tickets were sold. a total of 148,555 winning tickets were sold in connecticut with prizes starting at . the winning numbers for wednesday's powerball drawing are , , , , and the powerball is . wednesday, edt2013--:gmt the old saying goes, "if you can't take the heat, stay out of the kitchen." perhaps, this applies to kitchen nightmares, as well. an arizona bakery was featured on friday's episode of the gordon ramseymore the old saying goes, "if you can't take the heat, stay out of the kitchen." perhaps, this applies to kitchen nightmares, as well.more friday, edt2013--:gmt one person has died in a crash near harrisonville, mo, thursday evening. the crash happened on missouri highway and walker road. it involved a car and a tractor-trailer. harrisonville is in cass county.more savannah nash celebrated her 16th birthday last week. she died thursday when her car slammed into a semi while she was texting during her first time driving by herself.more thursday, edt2013--:gmt rozenna luna a mother has been taken into police custody after police say she tried to give away her -month-old daughter at a phoenix gas station. sgt. tommy thompson with the phoenix police department said investigatorsmore police said rozenna luna, , had been drinking and was on meth when she asked strangers if they wanted a "free child" as she attempted to give the baby girl away at a phoenix gas station.more tuesday, edt2013--:gmt amy's baking company was featured on kitchen nightmares season finale, and let's just say things didn't go well. for the first time in the show's history it's host, gordon ramsay walked away. the showmore scottsdale restaurant owners made a big splash on national television for being impossible to work with, and now it appears they've taken their bad attitudes to the internet. or have they?more friday, edt2013--:gmt two men are in critical condition after they were stabbed during a fight between two other business partners at a phoenix vietnamese restaurant, police said. the fight broke out shortly before more the fight broke out shortly before a.m. at tho vietnamese noodle house at w. northern ave.more
__label__non_math	0.9833	friday, edt2013--:gmt the southwest louisiana tea party movement began picking up steam in as members from throughout the five parish area began gathering for rallies and becoming more visible and involved in local governmentmore the southwest louisiana tea party movement began picking up steam in as members from throughout the five-parish area began gathering for rallies and becoming more visible and involved in local government and the political scene.more friday, edt2013--:gmt an arrest has been made in the death of mary horton vail. vail was found dead in the calcasieu river in october , her husband, felix vail, claimed she was the victim of a boating accident. themore mary horton vail was found dead in the calcasieu river in october . her husband, felix vail, claimed she was the victim of a boating accident.more friday, edt2013--:gmt friday marks the anniversary of the first woman reported missing in the jeff davis eight case. on , -year-old loretta chaisson lewis went missing. three days later, her body was found floatingmore friday marks the anniversary of the first woman reported missing in the jeff davis eight case.more friday, edt2013--:gmt more than 825 students - the largest graduating class in mcneese state university history - are expected to receive degrees at the university's spring commencement ceremony at a.m. saturday, may ,more more than 825 students - the largest graduating class in mcneese state university history - are expected to receive degrees at the university's spring commencement ceremony at a.m. saturday at burton coliseum.more friday, edt2013--:gmt in an area prone to hurricanes, flood insurance is important for louisiana residents. calcasieu parish became a part of the national flood insurance program in . by participating in the program,more as a way to continue offering flood insurance, congress passed the biggert waters act in . more local news, weather, traffic, sports, stocks, movies on your cell phonemore get local news, weather, sports, and video on your mobile device.more information contained on this page is provided by companies via press release distributed through pr newswire, an independent third-party content provider. pr newswire, worldnow and this station make no warranties or representations in connection therewith. new york, prnewswire -- reportlinker.com announces that a new market research report is available in its catalogue: technavio's analysts forecast the global intelligent vending machines market to grow at a cagr of .percent over the period . one of the key factors contributing to this market growth is the improved user interface of intelligent vending machines. the global intelligent vending machines market has also been witnessing rapid technological advancement. however, the increasing cost of rental space could pose a challenge to the growth of this market. technavio's report, the global intelligent vending machines market , has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. the report covers the americas, and the emea and apac regions; it also covers the global intelligent vending machines market landscape and its growth prospects in the coming years. the report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. key vendors that are proving intelligent vending solutions are cantaloupe systems inc., coin acceptors inc., mei, and usa technologies inc. key questions answered in this report: what will the market size be in and what will the growth rate be? what are the key market trends? what is driving this market? what are the challenges to market growth? who are the key vendors in this market space? what are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? what are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? technavio's research portfolio in the hardware series includes reports on the smartphone market, gps market, rfid market, nfc market, mems market, pcb market, oled market, dram market, barcode scanner market, smart card market, pos market, microcontrollers market, nand flash market. research methodology is based on extensive primary and secondary research. primary research includes in-depth interviews with industry experts, vendors, resellers and customers. secondary research includes technavio platform, industry publications, company reports, news articles, analyst reports, trade associations and the data published by government agencies.. executive summary . introduction . market coverage market overview key offerings . market landscape .market size in units .end-user segmentation .five forces analysis . geographical segmentation . key leading countries usa uk japan . vendor landscape . buying criteria . market growth drivers . drivers and their impact . market challenges . impact of drivers and challenges . market trends . key vendor analysis .usa technologies inc. business overview swot analysis .cantaloupe systems inc. business overview swot analysis .mei inc. business overview key information swot analysis .coin acceptors inc. business overview swot analysis . other reports in this series list of exhibits: exhibit : global intelligent vending machines market million units exhibit : global intelligent vending machine market by end-user segmentation exhibit : global intelligent vending machines market by geographical segmentation exhibit : business segmentation of coin acceptors inc.
__label__non_math	1.0000	bada revealed a picture of ses reunion. on june , bada posted on her twitter, "s.e.s. green heart fundraiser, finally start in the revealed picture, ses members bada, eugene, and shoo are all holding a drawing that they each drew and are seen making a cute pose. the three members are all wearing the shirts that have 'green heart' on it, smiling widely. like us on facebook : internet suers who saw the photo commented, "it wouldn't be bad for them to come back", "ses used be fairies, but now they're goddesses?", and "if they make an album i'm buying it for sure. photo: bada twitter
__label__non_math	0.9999	my website gets a lot of traffic from russian sites saying that offspring fling is a pikachu adventure game. today correction: flights for tigjam lets do this also i did get flights for tigjam but that was in today - - offspringfling offspring fling is part of the show me the games sales promotion this week, which is appropriately named show me the sales today is also mothers day just use the friendly widget right there if you want to grab a copy of the game during the sale. all sales on the humble store also include a free steam key to redeem to activate the game on steam. - - offspringfling just a quick post to say that the steam version of offspring fling on windows now supports achievements. i'll be adding support to the mac version sometime down the line as well, and i'm still looking into getting the linux version on steam as well. a big thanks to the folks behind fresteamworks - - offspringfling hot of the presses from the fine folks at stickermule - - offspringfling the game will be on display during pax prime along with other super awesome games, and i'll be there showing it off to the world. if i can just brag some more for the moment, i'd also like to note that this is the second time in a row that i've been a part of the pax10. last year snapshot was selected for the showcase in other offspring fling news, the steam summer sales have officially begun starting yesterday, and that means offspring fling is available for an amazingly low price it's been exciting times for offspring fling all around. just last week, offspring fling was featured as the daily deal on steam, and it was quite the wild ride. i was actually attending evo during the time that the sale was going on, so it made things especially crazy. i'm so incredibly happy with how offspring fling turned out in the end. it was a project where everything just felt right when i was making it, which doesn't really happen too often when making a game at least for me. i'm still aiming to write a little bit more about my thoughts and some of my process about making offspring fling, but strangely enough i have a pretty hard time with putting my thoughts about game making into words. anyway, offspring fling is in the pax10, and totally on sale on steam right now so you should totally check it out if you haven't yet. later - - offspringfling hey everyone as i type this i've been awake for hours now, going crazy with stress from the steam release, so i think i'll save a more formal post for later. for now. go tell all your friends to get offspring fling on steam - - offspringfling the past couple of days have just been a complete blur to me and i'm not really sure what exactly has happened between on friday and now. i rolled out of bed that morning and saw twitter lighting up with " wakeupkylepulver" and so i quickly updated the offspring fling site to put the game out live. the response has been overwhelmingly positive about the game so now that the game is out, whats next? well, i have some plans for an small update. some stuff that i can talk about now, and some stuff that will be revealed later. i'm planning on updating the end of level screen a little bit to show some more information. some people have requested to see how much time they shaved off of their previous best when they score a new best time. i'll also be saving more options from the options screen, such as the screen settings. i also want to make replay opening a little bit easier, so i'm going to try to see if i can make replays auto load from the operating system. the next patch i'll also be trying to tackle native controller support. i've found some interesting leads on how to get this working and it might be easier than i thought. along with that i'm going to attempt to do completely customizable keyboard control. i'm also planning on releasing a short demo soon, so people that have been waiting for a demo to try it out before they buy it out will be seeing that soon. so along with all of that, hopefully there will be some other updates and additions that people will like. if you want to stay updated about offspring fling, then i suggest you visit this blog every once and awhile or follow me on twitter. with that, i just want to say thank you so much to everyone that bought the game hi there, my name is kyle, and i'm a year old kid with adult powers. i'm making video games and living the indie game developer life in tempe, arizona. here you will find my thoughts, games, websites, doodles, and other stuff like that. i worked on snapshot, offspring fling, and a whole bunch of other games. if you want to get a hold of me use the form on the bottom of the page, leave a comment, or just tweet at me. i try to post three times a week. thanks for stoppin' by - alec holowka - bill pullman - dev log - game jam - good times - ninja slash - offspring fling - space sushi - may - april - march - february - january - december - november - october - september - august - july - may - april - march - february - january - november - september - july - june - may - april - march - february
__label__non_math	0.9993	hotel resort in krabi, krabi ao nang thailand, offering krabi and ao nang , land of ancient thai ethnics and exotic siam landscapes, are currently the most required, appreciated and equipped tourist destination of far east, able to offer all kinds of hotels resorts and vacations. our hotel resort offer you holiday packages able to let you live they will vitiate you with the ancestral culture and enjoy cheap vacations in ao nang and krabi, fragrant tourist centres leaned out on the andaman sea just km. far from the krabi international airport, definitely affirmed as the new tourist destination of southern thailand, where you can get cheap holidays by our vacation packages the strategic position of our resort in ao nang allows to reach very easily sites of strong tourist interest by our family vacations packages as : and candid beaches, coral reefs and a luxuriant the most famous are railey beach heaven of the free climbers , hong island "the island of the rooms" for the surreal bays and the cinematographic james bond island "007-the man of the golden gun" , the sand strip connecting chicken island and tab island "pirates controversial palm trees, used on the film set in ko phi phi island. fizzy falls and sources, hidden in an uncontaminated tropical jungle where is still possible to see the tiger, free and protected in the national parks. at km from ao nang, leaned out above the sea. most various local handicraft products, and in the many restaurants and cafe on the beach, first at all our frittomisto restaurant, to taste fabulous cocktails and typical exotic dishes, admiring unforgettable and purple sunsets garden resort is composed of twenty cottages built in an enchanting tropical garden far just 600 m. from the sea and from ao nang centre, attainable during the day by our free shuttle service. this is krabi national park area, so there is no kind of sun umbrella or deck chairs either on the beach. - where could i make my reservation booking ? - where is the resort hotel situated ? - what could i do to carry on my payment ? - which kind of discount price - rates the resort hotel offers ? - how about the hotel resort rooms level ? - moo3. by credit card in htpps ssl. firewall or by bank transfer last minute rates: in some case we offer cheap package including you could find them telephone, fridge-minibar, tv-sat and safety box. the hotel has kind of rooms: economy room, standard room, superior room and suite-family room. you could take a look emerald garden resort is a new hotel located in a hilly, panoramic and quite area, just 600 m. far from the sultry waterfront with noisy long tail boats and motorbikes, ideal for people looking for a vacation in a green relaxing oasis without giving up the best comforts, the right place where enjoy an holiday with a quality price relation at the top of the market of krabi ao nang masonry cottages hotel standing in a .500 sqm palm forest; a total of housing air conditioned, satellite tv, telephone, safety box, fridge minibar and hot we offer and organize many kind of family vacations packages, for all the wonderful islands and the tropical rain forest. swimming pools jacuzzi, our gym corner, our massage hut, our two bar and our frittomisto restaurant will let you enjoy in fully your holiday in krabi, ao nang. garden resort is wwf member, unesco friend; booking holidays or vacations in our resort you support directly the activity of these very important organizations. lovers of diving, our diving center, organize courses and immersions for every level, day and night, during your vacations in our resort directly. garden resort. star holidays hotel km from vacations resort offering family vacations packages . emerald garden resort. moo ao nang beach, krabi, thailand tel. .. - fax. ..
__label__non_math	0.9989	men think they're invincible, notwithstanding the mounting evidence that states otherwise. whether it's the inability to move the morning after playing basketball, losing a footrace to an -year-old or not quite being able to bounce back like you once could after a night on the town, the signs are there, just waiting to be acknowledged. men do get less foolish over time not to be confused with getting wise . things such as heart attacks, cancer and strokes teach many that their time on earth is not infinite and that they, in fact, are not invincible. that being said, they are still men, and men tend to ignore things that aren't right in front of them and don't involve loud explosions or nudity. that's why men need to understand these five sleeper health risks before it's too late ... no. : erectile dysfunction viagra, cialis and numerous other drug companies spend millions of dollars advertising erectile dysfunction drugs, yet no man ever admits to having it. not surprising, considering that most men equate their manhood with their bedroom performance. when you were younger, the issue was likely the furthest thing from your mind. but as you get older you may find that things just don't quite work like they once did. it didn't happen overnight. it's a gradual onset. men don't understand gradual. here are some things you need to understand about erectile dysfunction: - it's not life-threatening; it only seems that way. - nearly percent of men over age suffer from erectile dysfunction, according to webmd. - men with erectile dysfunction report less enjoyment in life; you probably knew that already. - drugs exist to help with, but not cure, erectile dysfunction. - erectile dysfunction can signal more serious health risks, so don't be afraid to check with your doctor. erectile dysfunction could also cause the next sleeper health risk ... no. : depression and suicide depression is believed to occur more in women than in men. recent discoveries, however, indicate that men are nearly as susceptible to depression -- real depression, not "my favorite team lost an important playoff game and i'm really depressed" depression. men being men, they often suppress it. unlike women, who are often more likely to express sadness when they're depressed, men are more likely to become more aggressive and resort to drinking and other irrational behaviors. according to men's health, suicide is the eighth-leading cause of death among men, and although women are more likely to attempt it, men are more likely to succeed. men are less likely to see a doctor or reach out for help. this lack of reaching out has much more serious consequences than not asking for directions while on vacation. if you suspect depression, don't wait. get help. depression is a lot easier to cure than the next sleeper health risk ... no. : fatal accidents remember that guy at work who always went around preaching safety first, the guy you made fun of while he put on safety goggles and would not stand on the top step of a ladder, while you faked getting your finger cut off by a table saw? that guy could prevent one of the leading causes of preventable deaths among men: accidents. according to the centers for disease control and prevention, the most common cause of death by accident involves motor vehicles. many a man would be much better off if he had worn his seat belt, pulled over at a rest stop and taken a quick nap, or not filled out his ncaa tournament bracket while driving. common sense can prevent most accidents on the road or at home, including poisonings and falls, which represent the second- and third-leading accidental causes of death. of course, common sense eating could help you avoid the next sleeper risk ... no. : type diabetes there's something about a middle-aged man and his gut that's endearing ... to doctors and pharmaceutical companies, that is. excess weight is the leading cause of type diabetes and can be prevented with a diet that includes fruits, vegetables and low-fat foods. in other words, the stereotypical "man's man" meal of steak, spare ribs or any other slab of on-sale meat five days a week needs to be altered. exercise helps, too. oh, and watching other people exercise doesn't count. if you think all this salad and strawberries and treadmills and not pounding a double whopper with a bag of peanut butter cups and a -liter bottle of dr. pepper and a pint of budweiser is unmanly, then maybe you'd prefer something more manly -- heart disease, blindness, nerve damage or kidney disease, for example -- all often caused by type diabetes. it also makes you more susceptible to our last sleeper health risk ... no. : kidney disease womenshealth.gov and who better to tell men how to live than women reports that men smoke and drink more, live less healthy lifestyles, participate in more risky behaviors, are less likely to have a regular doctor and are more likely to ignore symptoms of a health problem than women. winning these categories is nothing to brag about, especially when the resulting health problems could lead to death. unhealthy living and lack of regular checkups is a major cause of high blood pressure and type diabetes, the two most common causes of kidney disease. symptoms of kidney disease include a change in energy, increased water retention, shortness of breath, nausea or vomiting, easy bruising, light-headedness and itching. reduce your risk with exercise and a healthy diet. sound familiar? it had better if you want to avoid these five sleeper health risks.
__label__non_math	1.0000	colorado springs police are looking for suspects who fired shots into an occupied apartment on friday. the incident happened at the heritage place apartment complex in the block of n. murray blvd, between constitution ave. and palmer park blvd. four people were inside an apartment when someone allegedly fired shots. no one was injured but the shots broke two windows and heavily damaged blinds. the bullets lodged in the bedroom ceiling. police ask anyone with information regarding this crime to call them at 719-444-.
__label__non_math	1.0000	with bradley cooper returning to the big screen for "the hangover part iii," take a look back at the actor's career so far. bradley cooper was born on , in philadelphia. enrique castro-mendivil reuters gene blevins reuters sign up for breaking news, daily headlines, severe weather alerts more
__label__non_math	1.0000	blood sugar is your body's primary source of fuel and plays a vital role in physical and mental well-being. but when it rises above normal, your health, your energy levels, and your weight-loss efforts are jeopardized. even before blood sugar levels reach the point of a type diabetes diagnosis, the health problems can be serious. more and more research links even slightly high blood sugar to food cravings, mood swings, and excess weight, as well as pregnancy and fertility problems, heart attacks, stroke, and even some forms of cancer, early evidence suggests. good nutrition in general can help keep type diabetes and high blood sugar at bay. but some specific foods and spices have been found to lower or help control blood sugar. give these a taste. avocado. this fruit is rich in a particular kind of monounsaturated fat called oleic acid, which has been found to improve fat levels in the body and help control diabetes. help yourself to another serving of avocado beans. many studies have shown that eating foods high in soluble fiber, particularly beans, reduces the rise in blood sugar after meals and delays the drop in blood sugar later on. cinnamon. some alternative practitioners think that cinnamon may be helpful in making insulin receptors work better. stir teaspoon daily into a food or beverage. other spices found to help the body use insulin more efficiently include bay leaf, clove, and turmeric. coffee. regular drinkers may be less likely to develop diabetes, reveals a study from the university of minnesota. diabetes experts suspect that compounds and minerals in coffee beans may improve the sensitivity of insulin receptors and help the body process blood sugar more efficiently. orange. studies indicate the soluble fiber and pectin in oranges can help control changes in blood sugar as well as help lower cholesterol. sweet potato. despite its name -- and a flavor so luscious it makes a good dessert -- the sweet potato doesn't raise your blood sugar as high, or as fast, as a white potato. tea. studies have shown that extracts of black tea may significantly reduce blood sugar levels. and enjoying a cup of chamomile tea may be more than a restful nighttime ritual -- the herb may help reduce blood sugar fluctuations. for more healthy living news and features, visit purematters.com -- and don't forget to stop by the pure matters shop for all your vitamin and supplement needs.
__label__non_math	0.9527	the next wave of smartphones and tablets might have super-sturdy screens fashioned from the human-made version of a gemstone. manufactured sapphire, a substance already used to armor some military vehicles, would be an almost unbreakable alternative to the glass now used on the displays of mobile devices, according to a report in the mit technology review. sapphire is the second-hardest material on the planet, behind only diamond. according to the mit report, a sapphire smartphone screen wouldn't break when you dropped it and couldn't be scratched with a car key or by a sidewalk. "i'm convinced that some manufacturers will start testing the water and release some high-end smartphones using sapphire in ," eric virey, an analyst for the market research firm yole d veloppement, said in the report. currently, apple uses manufactured sapphire to protect the camera lens on its iphone . manufactured sapphire is made by melting down aluminum oxide, the compound that crystallizes into sapphire in nature, allowing it to cool and then cutting it with a diamond-coated wire saw. one stumbling block could be price. currently, a sapphire display for a smartphone would cost about for the screens made by corning's gorilla glass, the protective cover that's on more than billion devices. the mit report estimates that sapphire would be about three times stronger than gorilla glass. but corning spokesman daniel collins said the company isn't too worried. "it is unclear to us if this could provide better overall performance than actual glass," he wrote in an email. "there also are the questions about cost and product weight that must be addressed before sapphire would be a serious consideration for mass market applications." collins noted that gorilla glass can be molded into curved designs and multiple shapes without losing its strength, and he questioned whether the same could be said for manufactured sapphire. the company says its most recent product, gorilla glass , will be in phones this year and is twice as strong as previous versions. virey said the cost for a sapphire screen could fall to in the next few years, which might be affordable enough to make consumers give it a shot. another alternative would be ultrathin and less costly sapphire covers that would fit over glass screens for added durability. gt advanced technologies, a new hampshire company, is developing a method to make synthetic sapphire sheets that are the width of a human hair. other companies in the united states, south korea and russia are working on similar technologies. "if costs can get low enough, these manufacturers may have a large market waiting for them," kevin bullis, senior editor of the mit technology review, wrote in the report. "but they'll have to continue to contend with the incumbent technologies -- gorilla glass and similar materials offered by other manufacturers."
__label__non_math	1.0000	funeral flowers, memorial arrangements, sympathy flowers and floral tributes by kremp at kremp florist, we offer a wide range of funeral flowers, sympathy flowers, arrangements and casket sprays. your satisfaction is guaranteed by our personal friendly staff on all orders going anywhere in the world. our professional floral designers creatively arrange the freshest flowers and foliage to create beautiful and elegant funeral arrangements. let our talented team of sympathy designers help express your feelings for the loss of that special someone. view our funeral baskets, standing sprays, casket sprays, wreaths and more we have a wide range of funeral flower arrangements and sympathy tributes. browse our online catalog of sympathy selections such as standing sprays, half casket sprays and full casket sprays, crosses, wreaths, bleeding hearts, and pillows all in various price ranges catering to any budget. have a specific color scheme or flower selection in mind? we'll take care of it. just give us your instructions and our talented funeral floral designers will turn your feelings into flowers. we also pride ourselves on helping our customers express their emotions. if you are seeking a funeral floral tribute or sympathy arrangement that you don't see on our website, please do not hesitate to call us at - 800 --kremp and we will be happy to help you. your satisfaction is guaranteed at kremp florist. not sure what type of piece to send? here are the most commonly sent items for funerals. funeral basket - a one-sided floral display made in either a basket or funeral container that is placed on either side of the casket. can be sent from family members, friends, co-workers, etc. standing spray - a fancy design of fresh flowers on it's own stand. these are placed on either side of the casket. can be sent from family members, friends, co-workers, etc. casket spray - the piece displayed above the lid during the viewing or on the lid when it is closed. pillow or foot baskets - these two arrangements are at the head and foot of the casket. garland or hinge spray - this is a piece that goes along the hinge of the casket lid on the inside. foot spray - a small spray to place inside the casket at the feet of the deceased. hand spray - a small bouquet placed in the hands of the deceased. boutonniere - small floral cluster for the deceased lapel. corsage - flowers to bo pinned on the deceased dress. set pieces - hearts, crosses, wreaths and other forms such as emblems or custom shapes covered with flowers. table arrangements - smaller, distinctive vase arrangements to place on tables in the funeral home. these are easy for family members to take home. some samples of our funeral pieces:
__label__non_math	1.0000	updated: wednesday, feb , mst published : wednesday, feb , mst state college, pa. ap veteran penn state athletic department administrator and assistant coach fran ganter is retiring after nearly five decades at his alma mater. a former player, ganter also served as an assistant for years under the late coach joe paterno. he became offensive coordinator in and oversaw the offense for the national title team. ganter became assistant head coach in before leaving the sidelines in to become associate athletic director of football administration. ganter was asked to deliver a note to paterno with the number of a university trustee the night paterno was fired in november in the aftermath of retired assistant coach jerry sandusky's arrest on child sex abuse charges. ganter in a statement wednesday called paterno an "influential and constant figure" in his life. "he was tough as my coach and demanding as my boss, but was always thoughtful and understanding when it came to my family," ganter said of paterno. he added that his family loved being part of the football program because "coach paterno genuinely cared for them and always tried to make them feel that they were an important part of the program and for that i am eternally grateful." ganter, , also thanked fellow coaches, staffers and current coach bill o'brien, and singled out his former players. "it was truly a privilege and an honor to be part of their lives," he said. o'brien praised ganter for helping smooth the transition for the new coaching staff. he said he respected ganter's decision to step away so that he could enjoy more time for himself and ganter's four sons. "i am very proud and thankful to have been a member of the penn state football family for the past years," said ganter, whose last day is thursday. ganter played on the undefeated penn state teams in and . he graduated in and started his assistant coaching career the next fall. the native of bethel park, pa., was the only assistant head coach in paterno's coaching tenure. ganter coordinated the offense, featuring quarterback kerry collins and receiver bobby engram, that averaged .points per game the fourth-highest scoring average in ncaa history. ganter is credited with coaching other notable players including running backs and first-round nfl draft picks curt warner, blair thomas and larry johnson, along with kickers chris and matt bahr. ganter and sandusky served on the same staff for years under paterno, and both assistants at times were considered potential replacements for their boss. sandusky left after the season. ganter left the coaching staff to become an associate athletic director in early , about two years after his wife, karen, had died. the responsibilities of the desk job included scheduling and other administrative duties. he also served as director of the football letterman's club, a group for former players which raised money for scholarships and supported current players. the athletic department statement included testimonials from eight former players including collins and warner. "fran was a great teammate, coach and administrator. he had opportunities to leave but was loyal to penn state and his family," said former penn state and pittsburgh steelers linebacker jack ham. "he has had a wonderful career and will be very much missed."
__label__non_math	1.0000	most active stories krwg.org-the region's home page dona ana county commission chairman disputes tribes claims by marco grajeda las cruces, nm the chairman of the dona ana county commission says the jemez pueblo and developer gerald peters did not accurately reflect the county commissioners' stance in reference to the proposed anthony casino. as krwg's marco grajeda reports, the application said commissioners are not fully content.
__label__non_math	1.0000	most active stories krwg.org-the region's home page detention center to close this year by lily olivas las cruces, nm the new mexico boys school located in springer, new mexico, will be closing its doors by the end of this year. as krwg's lily olivas reports, state legislators met today in las cruces to discuss the fate of the boys still housed at this facility.
__label__non_math	0.9996	when crystal kelley agreed to carry someone else's baby, she didn't, in her words, "dot every 'i' and cross every 't.'" that turned her surrogacy dream into a nightmare. surrogacy has become an increasingly popular way of having a baby. in there were ,448 babies born to surrogates, up from 738 babies in , according to the society for assisted reproductive technologies. celebrities such as nicole kidman, sarah jessica parker and giuliana rancic have helped increase awareness by using a surrogate. in a surrogacy arrangement, a woman agrees to carry someone else's baby for a fee, which is usually between ,000 for a single fetus. the egg and sperm can come from the couple who hire the surrogate, or a donor egg or sperm are used. sometimes parents know their surrogate -- she might be a sister or a friend. other times the parents meet the surrogate through an agency. surrogates and intended parents must be well matched, says melissa brisman, who practices reproductive law in new jersey and runs a surrogacy agency. for example, if parents feel strongly they would terminate the pregnancy if a fetal abnormality were found, they shouldn't be matched with a surrogate who is adamantly opposed to abortion. "you want to flesh out those issues and make sure you're on the same page," bisman says. serious conflicts between surrogates and intended parents are relatively rare; brisman estimates that out of thousands of surrogate pregnancies, only about a dozen have ended up in court. but when problems do arise, as in kelley's case, the ending can be disastrous. kelley says she assumed the parents were, like her, against abortion because the mother said her frozen embryos were her "babies" and she had to give them a chance at life. but when the fetus kelley was carrying turned out to have birth defects, the parents wanted to abort and she didn't. making assumptions when going into a surrogacy arrangement is not a good idea, says brisman, a founding member of the american academy of assisted reproductive technology attorneys. here are her tips for having a surrogacy arrangement with a happy ending. . each side should have an attorney the surrogate and the intended parents should each have their own lawyer review the contract. . understand the limits of the contract even if the surrogate signs a contract agreeing to abortion if there's a fetal abnormality, she can later change her mind. "you can't force her to have an abortion," brisman says. . agree on prenatal testing sometimes intended parents want an amniocentesis but the surrogate doesn't want the test, which would involve having a needle stuck in her stomach. the two sides should come to an agreement before the pregnancy takes place. . have a full psychological evaluation in brisman's practice, the surrogate and intended parents sit together for five or six hours to have a full discussion on many issues, including abortion. kelley said the intended parents weren't present at her evaluation, which was done over the telephone. the subject of abortion never came up, she added. she said the evaluation was done by rita kron, who works at surrogacy international, the agency that arranged the surrogacy. that's a problem, brisman says. a person who works for the agency stands to benefit financially if the surrogacy goes through, and might be tempted to overlook potential conflicts that could kill the deal. cnn contacted surrogacy international, and a woman who said her name was rita answered the phone. "you have to understand something -- there is a privacy that exists and that's the end of the story," she said and then hung up. kron did not return cnn's emails. . understand the relationship after birth will the surrogate pump breast milk for the baby? will the parents send photos of the baby as he or she grows up? can the surrogate contact the parents for updates? all of these questions should be worked out beforehand, brisman says.
__label__non_math	1.0000	st. louis ksdk -- the nhl has canceled another games this hockey season. and so for the blues and st. louis, the lockout fallout continues. exactly two months ago, newschannel took a trip to johnny mac's sporting goods in sunset hills to hang out with burt godin, the blues head equipment manager who had taken on skate sharpening at the store in the wake of what looked like a looming lockout. well, now, the league is knee deep in a labor dispute with 422 regular-season games canceled as of friday, and you can add to that the winter classic and the all-star game. in all that's of the season. "in , we noticed a pretty significant decrease in sales and i expect the same this year," said adam burns, who is the store's coo. like many he is already talking about the possibility that this may be the second time in nine years that the entire hockey season is put on hold. and he says it hurts. "especially home games, people will come down and purchase items on their way, and so we won't see that, plus the blues apparel is a big christmas item for us and i don't expect that to be as strong this year," he explained. he isn't the only one getting the cold shoulder. "we anticipate coming from right into baseball season going into the hockey season - a nice even flow - and what we've seen is bust to not busy," said jeff gangloff, a server of six years at joe buck's restaurant downtown. " i would say i've been taking a hit about off...you can hear other people, servers they're wanting to pick up shifts, no one wants to give up their shifts." gangloff is now contemplating a second serving job, while johnny mac's made black friday even better for blues fans with some real deals. and with no bargaining sessions scheduled, burt godin will still be in the back rubbing elbows and blades with the rest of us. as of right now, the blues will be back on the ice at the scottrade center december 15th, playing against the blackhawks.
__label__non_math	0.9997	by grant bissell crestwood, mo. ksdk - a brave neighbor pulled a wheelchair-bound man from a burning home in crestwood wednesday afternoon. the home is located in the block of big bend boulevard. marc stevener says he was driving by when he saw smoke pouring out of the windows. he called 911 and says he and another man ran to the home to check for anyone inside. stevener says he kicked in the front door and found the homeowner laying on the living room floor alive, but badly burned. "when i kicked in the door the first thing i noticed was the ceiling of the room was just like rolling orange," said stevener. "and then when i looked in and the gentleman laying there i thought we don't have a lot of time to look around let's grab him." stevener and the other man dragged the homeowner outside just seconds before the ceiling collapsed. the homeowner was taken to mercy hospital. no word yet on how badly he was hurt. crestwood firefighters extinguished the flames and st. louis county police crime scene investigators were called in to help determine the exact cause of the fire. right now, it's not clear what started the blaze but it's not considered an arson investigation. stevener says he's not a hero for rushing into the burning home, he was just acting on instinct. "no, no. i'm not at all," said stevener. "i think anyone in this neighborhood presented with the situation would have done the same."
__label__non_math	1.0000	daytona beach, fl wftv cnn - police in daytona beach, florida are trying to find the man in the video above. surveillance video caught him stuffing stolen shoes down his pants at a marshalls. police say he put four pairs of shoes in his shopping cart, cut off the security sensors on the shoes, then tried to hide the shoes down his baggy blue jeans. a worker confronted him in the parking lot. police say he threatened the worker with a sharp weapon, then took off in a car.
__label__non_math	1.0000	south st. louis, mo. ksdk -- police are investigating a robbery that happened around on friday evening on the block of serbian drive. the victim, a -year old white male, was robbed as he was walking to his home after getting out of his car. the victim said that an unknown male, approached the victim, pointed a gun at him, and demanded money. when the victim said that he had no money, the suspect demanded whatever the victim had. the victim surrendered his cell phone and the suspect ran south on serbian drive. the suspect is described as a black male in his early twenties, approximately '" in height. he was wearing dark clothes and a dark scarf around his face at the time of the robbery. the investigation is ongoing. ksdk newschannel will bring you more information as it becomes available.
__label__non_math	0.9972	affton, mo ksdk -- school leaders are teaching character education to prevent bullying. teachers and counselors at mesnier primary school in affton are getting the message across early that words hurt and the kids are paying attention. counselors are also teaching kids anger management, using puppets. "it's a turtle trick. when someone's bullying you, you go over to the peace path and there's this little turtle and he bends in his shell like this, and then you do it, and you count to , and most of the time, it gets your anger from being bullied," sauid camden schlueter, a student. in ladue, administrators have given teachers and students a took to report bullyig. "students and staff can use forms to fill out to go directly to counselors and administrators," said maggie travers, a ladue school district psychologist. "we have some policies in places that address these issues when they come up." in south roxana, illinios, the approach is pro-active. "the thing we try to do most is to promote positive behavior," said principal nate porter. even with these tools, there are conflicts, something mesnier school teaches young kids to resolve. "we bring them itno the office where we have a peace place to talk to the kids," explained guidance counselor janet winchester. "if they're comfortable with it, then we have the kids work it out and we have a littel conflict mediation." "it's called rock, paper, scissors," said abbey dallman, a student. "and like if you're fighting over a swing, you can do rock, paper, scissors, to see who gets the swing. what teachers and administrators have learned is that early intervention tools work. they said teaching good behaviour in class was constructive than reactionary discipline. they believe the number one way to identify conflicts is by students speaking up and reporting problems.
__label__non_math	0.9990	adam shell, usa today new york - it appears that wall street really did prefer the more business-friendly mitt romney to manage the economy from a desk in the white house. an obama stock market "bounce" never materialized after his re-election. stocks, instead, fell with a thunderous thud wednesday on news that the president, who gets low grades from investors on his business acumen, will be in charge of usa inc. for another four years. "there was a general view in the market that a romney win would be more favorable to stocks," says john praveen, chief investment strategist at prudential international investment advisors. many investors had apparently held out hope for a mitt romney victory. with the ink barely dry on obama's upbeat acceptance speech, the mind-set of wall street investors took a quick, downbeat, bearish turn. it was as if investors all hit a button at the same time that switched the market into worry-only mode, erasing any positive market-related vibes that might have existed a day earlier. fear that the nation's fiscal crisis would not be resolved in time to avoid falling off the edge of the so-called fiscal cliff intensified, as did fears that chronic uncertainty would infect the market through year's end. worries that obama's plans to increase taxes on both capital gains and dividends would reduce investor appetite for stocks - and even spark selling before the tax bite kicks in -- also took hold. stocks that would be hurt by obama's preference for stiff regulations, such as banks, sold off sharply. and to make matters worse wednesday, worries about europe's debt crisis returned to the top of investors' what-to-worry-about list. add it all up and what you get is a "molotov cocktail that created a pretty severe bout of selling," says andy busch, a public policy strategist at bmo capital markets. to say the negative mood hurt stocks would be an understatement, as wall street was awash in red ink all day. the damage inflicted was severe. about billion in stock market value vanished in the trading session, according to wilshire associates. the dow jones industrial average suffered its worst point drop since last november, plunging 313 points, or . , to ,933. it was the fifth-worst drop following an election day since , bespoke investment group says. the biggest loss following a presidential election was four years ago when the dow tumbled after obama won his first term in office. despite the down session, the dow remains up nearly for the year. the gains have been powered by an easy-money policy from the federal reserve, a housing comeback and resilient consumers who are keeping the economy growing. there were no shortage of theories on wall street as to why the market reaction was so violently negative. garnering the most blame was the belief that the status quo election result -- with obama holding on to his job and the democrats retaining power in the senate and the republicans protecting their turf in the house of representatives -- will translate into legislative gridlock that could jeopardize a deal getting done in congress by year's end to avert the fiscal cliff. "while both presidential candidates were silent about the fiscal cliff during the debates and the election season, it is now the no. issue facing investors," says barbara novick, head of government relations for money management firm blackrock. the fiscal cliff is the term to describe the growth-killing impact of more than billion in coming tax increases and government spending cuts on jan. unless congress acts to avert it. while gridlock is often considered bullish for stocks, because it makes it tough for one political party to push through its own agenda with little opposition, it is viewed as a negative now because many believe the economy will likely fall into recession early next year if the fiscal cliff is not resolved. and a recession spells trouble for corporate earnings, business confidence and stock prices. sure, the election ended one big uncertainty for the stock market. investors now know that it will be operating under well-known obama policies. the president wants to tax the wealthy to help pay down the deficit, impose more regulations on banks and other industries and continue to fund his health care law. impact: what exactly could happen to taxes, federal spending but the fiscal cliff is the latest uncertainty to undermine investor confidence. "markets are none the wiser about if, how and when congress will deal with the colossal tightening in fiscal policy scheduled to occur early next year," julian jessop, an analyst at capital economics in london, told clients in a research note. other reasons cited for wednesday's market swoon include fears that obama's plan to increase taxes on stock capital gains and dividends will reduce demand for stocks, as investors' after-tax returns will shrink as a result. many investors are probably already selling to avoid paying the higher tax rates, says busch of bmo capital markets. lingering disappointment that romney didn't pull off the upset also likely sparked some selling, adds chris verrone, an analyst at strategas research partners. "the market was probably holding out some hope that romney had a shot," he says. news trickling out of europe wednesday that suggested the eurozone would be stuck in an even deeper economic slump this year than expected also hurt sentiment as it means slower growth ahead, adds praveen. so what will it take for obama to get back in wall street's good graces? here are five things wall street pros interviewed by usa today said obama can do to promote a better market environment and get stocks moving north again. wall street's five-step to-do list for president obama: . get a fiscal cliff deal done. failure to broker a deal means a recession is imminent. and that's bad news for u.s. investors, workers and employers. letting the bush tax cuts expire alone will take billion out of the pockets of americans. "failure to avoid the fiscal cliff," says praveen, "will damage the economy and investor confidence." "no deal," novick says, "means a tax hike for millions." optimists on wall street say there is enough at stake and enough incentive on the part of obama and lawmakers to broker a deal, even if it comes at the 11th hour or simply limits the full impact. "shaving the fiscal cliff to a bump can make it easier to overcome," says mark luschini, chief investment strategist at janney montgomery scott. . extend an olive branch to republicans. it will take negotiation on the part of obama to cement a much-hoped-for "grand bargain" with republicans needed to make the long-term fixes to tax policy, entitlements and deficit reduction that will put the u.s. economy on a sustainable path, adds praveen. while such a grand bargain is unlikely to come this year due to a lack of time, wall street would like to see the president moving in that direction, adds novick. . roll back onerous regulations. stiff regulations imposed on banks, oil exploration companies and coal companies by obama are crimping economic growth, corporate profitability and business opportunities in these industries, says george schwartz, president of both schwartz investment counsel and the ave marie mutual funds. "he's got to roll back the regulations if he wants to create jobs, boost the economy and help generate wealth," he says. . come up with credible plan to boost hiring. the economy is growing at a subpar pace and the unemployment rate is still near . that's not good enough, says praveen. "obama has to figure out creative ways to stimulate the economy," he says. jobs programs would help. easing regulations will also help. as will giving ceos the confidence to invest. "he needs to be a little more pro-business," adds praveen. . rethink higher taxes on stock gains. if obama allows the bush tax cuts to expire and rates on capital gains rise from to and dividend income goes from to the higher individual tax rates, it will reduce the attractiveness of stocks, says busch. "by hiking rates on stock gains you are basically incentivizing investors to sell now to avoid paying the higher tax rate next year," he says. there is one big thing that can go right for stocks. the biggest, of course, is if the fiscal cliff gets resolved, says peter hayes, head of blackrock's municipal bond group. "when the market sniffs out a possible compromise on the cliff and they see no big hit to the economy, you will see a gradual move back into risk assets like stocks," he says.
__label__non_math	1.0000	-year-old robert edward barr of fresno, has been sentenced to six years in prison to be followed by years of supervised release for receiving child pornography. according to court documents, barr received separate videos and an additional six still images depicting minors engaging in sexually explicit conduct. the images and videos of minors engaged in sexually explicit conduct also involved the portrayal of sadistic, masochistic, and other depictions of violence. barr received the child pornography on his computer via the internet, and many of the minors depicted were prepubescent minors. this case is the result of an extensive investigation by the central california internet crimes against children task force, u.s. immigration and customs enforcement s ice homeland security investigations hsi , the fresno county sheriff s office and the madera county sheriff s office. assistant united states attorney brian w. enos prosecuted the case. this case was brought as part of project safe childhood, a nationwide initiative launched in may by the department of justice to combat the growing epidemic of child sexual exploitation and abuse. led by the united states attorneys offices and the criminal division s child exploitation and obscenity section, project safe childhood marshals federal, state, and local resources to locate, apprehend, and prosecute those who sexually exploit children, and to identify and rescue victims. for more information about project safe childhood, please visit
__label__non_math	1.0000	:27amkobe bryant barely shot the ball in the first half friday night against the charlotte bobcats. :49amgregg popovich and the san antonio spurs lost for the first time in nearly a month then faced a difficult trip to snow-swept new york. :27amafter a recent miami heat practice in washington, ray allen told the coaching staff he was skipping the bus ride and running back to the hotel. :31pmdenver coach george karl thinks it's about time people started taking notice of his team. :38pmcharlie villanueva hit a -pointer with .seconds left and rodney stuckey sealed the win with two free throws as the detroit pistons beat the milwaukee bucks 105-100 on saturday night. the station representative who can assist a person with disabilities with issues related to the content of the public files is mike dowdle, available during regular office hours at email and 801 575-. ksl.com
__label__non_math	1.0000	veterans' affairs, kansas commission on kcva the mission of the kansas commission on veterans affairs kcva is to provide kansas veterans, families, and other eligible dependents with information, direction, and assistance on programs available to the veterans and their dependents. program areas include education, health issues and care, vocational guidance and placement and economic security through the nursing and domiciliary care, and veteran cemetery programs. the commission serves as a briefing agency for veterans dealing with the federal and state programs in many different agencies. the kansas commission on veterans' affairs web site is
__label__non_math	0.9160	governor, kansas office of the executive order please use this identifier to cite or link to this item: creating a task force on the problems of youth bennett, robert f. bennett in creating a task force on the problems of youth which will make recommendations to the governor on the needs of youth within the state's court system. files in this item: show full item record all items in kspace are protected by copyright, with .
__label__non_math	1.0000	updated - arizona offering mental health first aid arizona is offering a mental health first aid program in wake of the newtown, conn. shootings. "it helps people identify those early signs and symptoms," said cory nelson with the arizona department of health services. "it really is a focus on getting those individuals that have first contact with somebody that may be experiencing a mental health emergency -- or the early signs -- and then it helps them to decide what to do in that situation." nelson said awareness of mental health issues is very important and should be treated like any other medical condition. the -hour course is available to anyone. nelson said more than ,500 people across arizona have taken the course. martha maurer, news editor
__label__non_math	0.9999	ryan o'neal is facing a cancer diagnosis once again, but the -year-old actor remains optimistic. as he reveals in a statement to people magazine, o'neal was "recently diagnosed with stage prostate cancer." while he was "shocked and stunned by the news," he says he still has a reason to feel fortunate. in a previous statement, o'neal erroneously said he had been diagnosed with stage prostate cancer. "it was detected early, and according to my extraordinary team of doctors, the prognosis is positive for a full recovery," he says in the statement. he goes on to express his gratitude to friends and family for their support, and he also encourages "everyone to get regular check-ups, as early detection is the best defense against this horrible disease that has afflicted so many." o'neal lost his long-time partner, actress farrah fawcett, to anal cancer in , and was previously treated for leukemia in the late '90s.
__label__non_math	0.9998	this week, as the senate decides whether to reauthorize the violence against women act and valentine's day approaches, it's worth noting that most domestic violence victims don't ask for roses, chocolate or federal funding. instead, we have one simple wish: we want the abuse to end. we don't want the relationship to end. this fact about "crazy love" surprises many people. how could you still love someone who has hurt you? the answer is as complicated as love itself. we victims tend to be hope junkies, open-hearted and optimistic. we believe that our loved ones are capable of change. some would say we are na ve. others say we are too kind or too forgiving. often we cannot find the courage to leave an abusive relationship until our life or our children's safety has been threatened. when victims end an abusive relationship, the first thing we need is shelter. this is the no. request made by victims who call the national domestic violence hotline, the federally funded national helpline .800.799.safe . it is a practical request -- a roof over our heads. but it is also an emotional one -- the deep need to seek safety and to protect our children from danger. many victims know instinctively what friends and family usually don't: the most lethal time in an abusive relationship is after you leave. more than of domestic violence murders happen after the victim has gotten out. like -year-old selina brown, who was shot in the face last year as she and her toddler daughter tried to board a bus. so safe shelter is, naturally, our biggest priority. the second most common request also surprises people -- even in a town like washington, d.c., with nearly 100,000 lawyers. victims say that after immediate shelter, what we need most is legal advice and representation. any woman who is going to turn herself from domestic violence victim to a domestic violence survivor needs this service. i should know. i come from a family of harvard-educated lawyers. yet, when i left my abusive ex-husband -- an ivy league wall street trader who kept three loaded guns in our house -- i had no one to accompany me to family court to get my temporary restraining order made permanent, and no one to help me begin divorce proceedings. so i went to court alone. fortunately, a young legal aid attorney from a local women's shelter showed up. she spoke to my husband and the judge. she pointed me in the direction of the bullet-proof glass window where my new restraining order awaited. she recommended a divorce lawyer i could hire immediately. thanks to her, and dozens of other strangers who helped me, i left my ex-husband. today i'm happily remarried and the mother of three wonderful children. i have a black lab and drive a honda odyssey minivan. i couldn't have left and rebuilt such an ordinary, happy life without the kindness of others. here in washington, 700 registered pro bono lawyers have joined forces with a new nonprofit, the d.c. volunteer lawyers project. it now has more attorneys than washington's largest law firm. the lawyers are typically stay-at-home moms craving volunteer work that puts their legal training to good use. the volunteer lawyers' group provides mentoring, training, court appearance scheduling and malpractice insurance, all within a annual budget, which is tiny considering it serves a city of more than 600,000 people. since its founding, it has helped more than ,000 family violence survivors. in , its lawyers donated more than ,000 pro bono legal hours. i call that true love. this valentine's day, i'd like to call on all lawyers in washington and elsewhere to consider helping stop domestic violence for good. the d.c. volunteer lawyers project model can be replicated in any small town or big city. by giving victims a little pro bono assistance, lawyers can help make our nation's dinner tables, homes and families the safe and peaceful oases they should be. by giving a small amount of time, like the advocate who helped me so many years ago, we can all help victims of domestic violence. now that's a valentine's day present we can all get mushy about. follow on twitter. join us at facebook cnnopinion.
__label__non_math	0.9902	recipe from vera georgene trewatha of campbell, mo. prep time: min total time: to min lb hamburger or ground chuck c chopped onion cup chopped green bell pepper slices regular bread soaked in c milk, salt and pepper to taste can campbell's tomato soup . mix in a bowl in order given, save soup til later. . after mixing well, pat into oval burgers about in thick, brown in oven proof skillet. when done, sprinkle in tbsp flour and stir into the juices til the flour disappears. . now mix the campbell's tomato soup with can water. pour this mixture over the browned and cooked burgers, stirring to mix well. . bake in oven at 400 degrees for min til good and bubbly. the gravy is very good on mashed potatoes or a slice or buttered bread, fast, easy and very good. yield: to servings comments: this was my mother-in-law mary trewatha's favorite monday night meal.
__label__non_math	1.0000	ktm related product news august published at .. new ktm offroad powerparts now at the dealers attention offroad fans: the new ktm powerparts offroad catalogue has now been completed and will be available at the beginning of september at ktm official dealers. this season the numerous new powerparts for sx, exc, freeride right through to mini bikes and atvs as well as the useful tools to tinker and transport are all displayed in new, clearly set out categories and sub categories that makes browsing and searching the catalogue both easier and more enjoyable. the biggest highlight guaranteed to be a hit with ktm fans is the ktm motorsport special. this includes a double page of accessories that come straight from motorsport. developed directly in the ktm factory, tested by ktm riders and in service at every race, these parts are now available to every motocross rider. the collection includes everything from factory wheels or exhaust system right through to factory engine cover and brake discs, factory graphics kit and dungey s start number kit. nothing now stands in the way of hard-core fans being able to match their bikes to the original factory machines. new ktm race sticker kit for 125 and 200 duke the popular race graphics kit, the ktm sticker kit for the small ktm dukes has been newly designed in a new look and is available at any ktm dealer. the sticker kit fits the 125 and 200 dukes and includes stickers for all plastic parts such as frame, fork and wheel rim. so it is possible to instantly transform the small dukes into whole new race dukes . and action: the ktm powerwear making of-video the powerwear making of video direct from the usa offers the very first look of the stylish new ktm clothing collection. the video was made at the photo shoot for the new powerwear collection at the us mx national round at hangtown, usa. all of ktm s big names racing in the us - ryan dungey, ken roczen, marvin musquin, sarah whitmore and alexah pearson participated in the making of video. it not only shows the terrific gear but also the fun the riders had in front of the camera as well as the photographer and crew behind the scenes. heroes become legends heroes is the motto of the new ktm powerwear catalogue . the 196-page catalogue and naturally the new collection are all available from september at all ktm dealers. ryan dungey, ken roczen, marvin musquin, stunt rider rok bagoros, rally specialist cyril depr s and enduro factory riders christophe nambotin and antoine meo are just some of the heroes of the new ktm clothing collection. and you ll see them quite differently than in their usual roles. so celebrate the new ktm powerwear catalogue with hero character: great images, cool statements and a really hot line of clothes.
__label__non_math	1.0000	stanton bridge reopened after security scare posted: tuesday, - updated: tuesday, - the stanton street bridge is back open this morning after the police bomb squad detonated what they call a suspicious object. the bridge, and part of the border highway near it, were shut down as a precaution around a.m. after officers found the object. cbp says a bomb squad detonated it around a.m. and the bridge is now safe. there's no word on what that object was.
__label__non_math	1.0000	"awareness month" overload anchorage - in stores and on tv, it s hard to miss all the signs that october is national breast cancer awareness month. nfl football players wearing pink. pink everywhere, absolutely everywhere, said bradley lewkowkitz. even the alaska aces played their home opener on a rosey-hued rink to support the cause. while breast cancer may be the most well known cause in october, it s not the only one. domestic violence prevention is also a big one. but did you know october is also designated: national book month national work family month cybersecurity awareness month filipino american history month lgbt history month bullying prevention month physical therapy month american pharmacists month polish american heritage month national spina bifida awareness month national child health day healthy lung clean air month national family sexuality education month national dental hygiene month national down syndrome awareness month actually i'm unaware of almost all of these, said lewkowitz. some of them i've never heard of. polish american heritage month, i've never heard of that and i'd like to know more about it, said charlotte phelps. for some the list is a little overwhelming. if you're looking for a cause to support it's kind of hard to choose one because they're all important, said phelps. lewkowitz agrees. i'm learning how to read and i'm polish and i'm engage to a filipino woman, it's a very daunting task to pick just one. awareness doesn t end at the end of the month; november is also diabetes awareness month, lung cancer month and prostate cancer month as well.
__label__non_math	1.0000	caldwell -- a canyon county jury is deadlocked in the trial of former county prosecutor john bujak. bujak is accused of illegally taking public money from the county while he was in office. the jury deliberated for more than nine hours wednesday, and then took up deliberations at a.m. thursday. just before p.m. jurors told 3rd district court judge g.d. carey that they were sharply divided over a verdict. prosecutors say bujak mishandled money from a contract to prosecute misdemeanors in nampa. bujak, who acted as his own attorney, countered during his trial that money exceeding the amount necessary to pay his county staff to cover nampa cases belonged to him. if convicted, bujak could have faced up to years in prison. the jury has now been dismissed. with this deadlock, prosecutors must decide whether to abandon the case -- or try for a new trial. bujak is also currently facing other felony charges, including falsifying evidence and grand theft. both those trials are set for later this year.
__label__non_math	0.9987	by pure matters your body may be giving you clues that you need more time for calm. here are seven messages to watch for -- and some soothing ways to react. the occasional manic monday is a fact of modern life. but if you re under chronic stress -- suffering a daily assault of stress hormones from a demanding job or personal life -- symptoms may be subtler. here are some signs that it s time to take a timeout. a sore jaw can be a sign of teeth grinding, which can be worsened by stress. ask your dentist about a nighttime mouth guard -- up to percent of people who use one reduce or stop grinding altogether. dreams usually get progressively more positive as you sleep, so you wake up in a better mood than you were in when you went to bed. but when you re stressed, you wake up more often, disrupting this process and allowing unpleasant imagery to recur all night. good sleep habits can help prevent this; aim for seven to eight hours a night, and avoid caffeine and alcohol close to bedtime. according to a brazilian analysis of past studies, stressed-out people have a higher risk of periodontal disease. chronically elevated levels of the stress hormone cortisol may impair the immune system and allow bacteria to invade the gums, say researchers. if you re working long hours and eating dinner at your desk, keep a toothbrush on hand. and protect your mouth by exercising and sleeping more, which will help lower stress. a japanese study of more than ,000 people found that those with chronic itch were twice as likely to be stressed out as those without the condition. although an annoying itch problem can certainly cause stress, experts say it s likely that feeling anxious or tense also aggravates underlying conditions such as dermatitis, eczema, and psoriasis. researchers from the ohio state university college of medicine found that allergy sufferers had more symptoms after they took an anxiety-inducing test, compared with when they performed a task that did not make them tense. stress hormones may stimulate the production of ige, a blood protein that causes allergic reactions. one study of ,953 men and women found that those experiencing the highest levels of stress were more than three times as likely to have abdominal pain as their more-relaxed counterparts. the exact connection is still unclear, but one theory holds that the intestines and the brain share nerve pathways; when the mind reacts to stress, the intestines pick up the same signal. if you have frequent bellyaches, see your doc to rule out food allergies, lactose intolerance, irritable bowel syndrome, or an ulcer. if you do need more calm, go for a walk or simply turn off your phone.
__label__non_math	1.0000	preview: jets at sabres the winnipeg jets will try to snap a three-game losing streak on tuesday when they play the first of five straight on the road against the buffalo sabres. winnipeg's only win in its last five games came on the road in a -victory over ottawa. al montoya made saves for the jets' first shutout this season, but left the next game with a lower-body injury and is week-to-week, leaving ondrej pavelec to continue starting games with a .goals against average and .889 save percentage. with defenseman and leading scorer tobias enstrom also injured, captain andrew ladd has carried the majority of the offensive load for winnipeg, scoring four of the team's last eight goals.the sabres, with one win in their last four games, are coming off a -home loss to pittsburgh on sunday. leading scorer thomas vanek had a goal and an assist - his first points in four games. captain jason pominville hasn't registered a point in six games after producing in the first . buffalo's slumping offense is bad news for goaltender ryan miller, who is hitting his stride, limiting opponents to two goals in four of his last five starts. cody hodgson is the only member of the sabres top line still scoring with any consistency. hodgson has a goal in each of his last two games four points in his last five.tv: p.m. et, tsn jets, msg buffaloabout the jets -- : ladd leads the team with seven goals. evander kane and blake wheeler are next with four goals apiece. wheeler is a team-worst minus-. kane leads the team in shots, with , and hits, with . defenseman zach bogosian has one assist, seven hits and two blocked shots in two games since returning from off-season wrist surgery. defenseman dustin byfuglien has yet to register a point in three games since returning from a lower-body injury. winnipeg is -for-with the man advantage in its last five games and has allowed a power-play goal in each of its last seven losses.about the sabres -- : tyler ennis has eight points in his last seven games and sits fourth on the team with points, behind vanek , hodgson and pominville both . christian ehrhoff leads defensemen with points and is a team-leading plus-. defenseman tyler myers responded to being a healthy scratch with two points in a win over boston on friday, his first points since the season opener against philadelphia. buffalo has one power-play goal in five games opportunities .overtime1. buffalo is --against southeast division opponents this season and winless in its last three games against the jets.. vanek has goals and points in career games against winnipeg.. the jets will visit carolina, philadelphia, new jersey and new york on their road trip and play nine of their next games away from winnipeg.prediction: jets , sabres distributed by internet broadcasting and the sports xchange. this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
__label__non_math	0.9998	hammers join boro ace chase west ham are said to be in the hunt to sign middlesbrough midfielder mathew bates but face a battle with everton and wigan. the -year-old was one of the few shining lights at the riverside last season as boro battled vainly against the drop and was offered a new deal at the end of the campaign. bates has refused the new deal as he does not want to play in the championship and now the race is on for a player who would cost no more than a compensation package. "i don't know whether i'll not be playing premier league football. maybe i will be playing in the premier league. there's decisions to be made," said bates. "i'm a professional footballer and i've missed a lot of football despite being just . the last thing i really want to do is play in the championship. "i want to play premier league football and progress in my career as far as i can but i'm also a massive boro supporter and i want to help them get back birmingham continue into the premier league. "whether i'm there or not next season is another story."west ham talks for bowyer birmingham city are continuing talks with west ham united over midfielder lee bowyer. brum boss alex mcleish hopes to sign bowyer after his successful loan at st andrews last season. manchester united will make major changes after losing the champions league final with carlos tevez, nani, park ji-sung and tomasz kuszczak leaving and karim benzema and antonio valencia possible transfer targets. sven-goran eriksson is involved in a three-way fight with slaven bilic and avram grant to become the new portsmouth manager. alan shearer hopes to strike a deal with mike ashley to become newcastle boss today. steve bruce will set a target of a top premier league finish if he becomes sunderland boss. sylvain distin has called on portsmouth's new owner to splash the cash and tie down the stars that have kept the clubs in the premier league. west brom are fighting to keep manager tony mowbray from joining celtic. fulham are hoping to sign defender digao, the younger brother of ac milan playmaker kaka. bordeaux striker marouane chamakh claims arsenal have made an enquiry about him. burnley want to sign middlesbrough right-back rhys williams. middlesbrough defender matthew bates wants to leave the club. cristiano ronaldo is set to throw manchester united into turmoil and demand a move away from old trafford. england's world cup games are sold out - more than a year before the tournament kicks off in south africa. stephen ireland has signed a five-year manchester city contract worth 19million. peter kenyon's position at chelsea is becoming increasingly unclear as the club begins to restructure. frank lampard insists chelsea cannot afford another season without a trophy. carlos tevez said a tearful farewell to his manchester united team-mates before leaving rome. fernando torres has landed a bumper pay rise with a 30million deal which will keep him at liverpool for another five years. aston villa midfielder gareth barry is holding out for a summer move to arsenal. ryan giggs admitted barcelona made manchester united look "silly" during their champions league final no-show. slaven bilic has told managerless sunderland: i'm your man. birmingham are set to step up their pursuit of middlesbrough defender david wheater. paul scholes must decide if the champions league final is to be his last game for manchester united, following an offer from ambitious stoke city. manchester united's chances of holding on to cristiano ronaldo received a massive boost last night when it emerged real madrid are close to a 40million deal for franck ribery. newcastle owner mike ashley is working through alan shearer's list of demands and is hoping to clinch the deal which will secure him as manager this weekend. west brom winger chris brunt is wanted by rangers in a player-plus-cash swap deal that could see barry ferguson move to the hawthorns. bolton are lining up a fresh 6million bid for sporting lisbon midfielder miguel veloso. cristiano ronaldo is officially off real madrid's radar as manchester united received a welcome lift after the champions league final defeat. alex is ready to play through the pain barrier to help chelsea win the fa cup. sheffield united have rejected a bid of 2million from aston villa for defender kyle naughton. stoke are set to make a 2million offer for manchester city striker ched evans. celtic insist they will not be rushed into appointing a new manager. dundee have made a 100,000 take-it-or-leave-it offer for partick thistle midfielder gary harkins. daily record former england and mexico boss sven-goran eriksson is favourite to become the new portsmouth manager. alan shearer is expected to discover today if he will become the permanent manager of newcastle united. wigan manager steve bruce will be named sunderland boss in the next hours. the premier league will test out its strengthened fit-and-proper-persons rules on portsmouth's new owner sulaiman al fahim. croatia coach slaven bilic wants to be considered for the vacant managerial post at sunderland. daily star everton's marouane fellaini believes his lucky hairstyle will help the toffees defeat chelsea in the fa cup final. the -year-old, who cost everton 15m from standard liege last summer, has scored nine goals this season and he's hoping that his afro-style hair will inspire him to add to that tally on saturday at wembley. paul scholes may have played his last game for manchester united following an ambitious offer from stoke city. according to the mail, stoke could be a route into management for scholes. it seems potters boss tony pulis is ready to hand him a playing contract with 'the promise of a coaching role on top'. the mail suggests united will receive a nominal fee for the -year-old and stoke expect an answer from scholes within the next few days. meanwhile, manchester united's hopes of keeping cristiano ronaldo at old trafford have reportedly been handed a massive boost with news that real madrid don't want him any more. the express reports that florentino perez, who will now run unopposed for the real presidency, has dropped ronaldo down his shopping list, which is now headed by kaka and franck ribery. the mail, too, suggests united's chances of clinging on to ronaldo have improved, with rumours that real are close to a million deal with bayern munich for ribery. the times also backs up this story. apparently, bayern were originally demanding 50m for the france international, which would break the world record transfer fee of .6m that real paid juventus for zinedine zidane in , but the spanish club are hopeful of concluding the deal for less. the times suggests chelsea, who are loath to spend 40m on one player, will be kicking themselves because they were offered ribery by marseille two years ago for half that fee but chose to move for florent malouda instead. with ribery now seemingly out of the picture, chelsea are turning their attentions elsewhere. the times claims ashley young could be the subject of a 20m bid, while gareth barry, yuri zhirkov, sergio aguero, karim benzema and carlos tevez have also been mentioned. two of those players - barry and benzema - have been linked with other premier league club's this morning. according to the daily star, barry is holding out for a summer move to arsenal. villa are reportedly keen for barry to see out the remaining year of his contract at villa park but the star claims barry wants out now, and arsenal are said to be considering a 12m bid. benzema, meanwhile, has been linked with a 30m move to united. according to the mirror, sir alex ferguson will reshape his side over the summer following their champions league final defeat to barcelona. it seems tevez is definitely on his way out - the united manager believing benzema offers better value for money - while nani, park ji-sung and tomasz kuszcak may also be shown the door. along with benzema, the mirror believes united will sign antonio valencia. the mirror also reports that one man certainly staying at old trafford is ronaldo, again backing up reports that real have lost interest. however, the sun suggests the portuguese winger is 'set to throw manchester united into turmoil and demand a move'. unlike most of today's papers, the sun feels real are still very much in the hunt, with a 50m swoop on the cards. ronaldo himself has not helped matters by being very vague about his future, saying: "i don't want to talk about clubs, i want to rest, go on holiday because i am very tired." the -year-old has even had yet another pop at ferguson's management in the wake of the barca humiliation in rome, telling the sun: "ferguson did not tell me anything. nothing. i didn't realise i was to play as a striker. against arsenal in the semi second leg i played and played well but that is all." whether ronaldo stays or goes, one thing all today's papers agree on, ferguson need to strengthen. as the mirror puts it, 'his squad is the best but his team aren't fit to be kings'. the mail agrees, adding 'compared to andres iniesta and xavi, michael carrick, anderson and park ji-sung were every bit the second class citizens in rome'. the mail suggests united should try to sign yaya toure or xabi alonso - in other words a midfield general in the roy keane mould - while also proposing that 'it might still be worth trying to get tevez at a knockdown price and then sell dimitar berbatov'. on the subject of tevez, the sun reports that the argentine made a 'tearful farewell' to his team-mates before leaving rome alone. apparently, he was not on the plane with the rest of the united squad as they returned home. the times, meanwhile, reveals that manchester city and liverpool are among five clubs ready to meet tevez's .5m valuation. in other news, the sun claims newcastle have told villa, arsenal and spurs they will not take anything less than 15m for defender sebastien bassong, while sven goran eriksson has told portsmouth he wants to fill the vacant manager's position at fratton park. the mirror claims burnley want to sign middlesbrough right-back rhys williams, roy hodgson will bolster his fulham defence by moving for digao - the younger brother of kaka, west brom are fighting to keep tony mowbray from joining celtic, sunderland have released dwight yorke and elano and djibril cisse have been linked with portsmouth. the mail believes bolton are lining up a fresh 6m bid for sporting lisbon midfielder miguel veloso and that west brom winger chris brunt is wanted by rangers in a player-plus-cash swap deal that could see barry ferguson move to the hawthorns. and finally, croatia coach slaven bilic has reportedly told sunderland he wants to replace ricky sbragia in the hot seat. according to the star, bilic is ready to quit croatia and would be sunderland's prefered option after their pursuit of steve bruce hit a snag - wigan are supposedly demanding 5m compensation. bilic's agent, rudi vata, is quoted as saying: "sure he would be interested in talking to sunderland. he'd be open-minded about any discussions." - a british olympic football team has taken a step closer to reality, albeit in the form of an all-english line-up at london , after the fa's of scotland, wales and northern ireland agreed to withdraw their opposition to a gb team, but will not participate themselves. mail - sheffield united have rejected a 2m bid from aston villa for defender kyle naughton. star - defender nuno valente has said he will leave everton this summer, but hopes to play one more season before he retires. times - the premier league is to use sulaiman al-fahim's takeover at portsmouth as a test case for its strengthened fit-and-proper-persons rule that is due for introduction next week. guardian quote of the day: spanish reaction to man united's humbling by barcelona and cristiano ronaldo's inferiority to lionel messi: "the champion has hit the canvas. cristiano, its symbol, was a king without a head or crown. messi made ronaldo disappear, he is the new king of the world." ... offer.html mario balotelli has hinted he would be interested in a move to west ham. the inter milan wonderkid was linked with a switch to the hammers in january. he has sinced failed to nail down a starting spot and admits he is frustrated at the san siro. balotelli played under west ham boss gianfranco zola when he was assistant boss of italy under-21s. although a permanent deal for the striker is unlikely, a loan deal could be on the cards for next season. balotelli, , said: "there were times when i wanted to play and i would have joined a smaller side in a foreign league rather than sitting around on the bench here. "but that's just normal and it's part of who i am. if i don't get to play then i want to leave. "if the club agrees and a big team want me in the future then i would be happy to move abroad and try something different." i think fergie would rather get rid of nani than park..park has shown he's an ideal supersub. nani on the other hand, what has he shown?heard rumours that his attitude stinks and ferguson has had it with him. what a haircut... dick" why would fergie want to get rid of park? a player he put in his starting line-up in a champions league final only two days ago ahead of tevez and berbatov. qu park, more to do with marketing than anything else, world brand a1st for player from that part of world. still he does have a great engine,works bloody hard the type of player that i believe would fit in. big marketing chance for us in that part of world. would do wonders if the preseason is in asia for the hammers why is it that all we ever seemed to get linked with is more midfielders or strikers who dont score much or dont get picked to play? our priority is to get at least one if not two, regularly playing goalscoring strikers. we have a dearth of midfielders who i expect we would like to keep - behrami, parker, noble, collison, stanislas. dyer and savio and many more. we just don't attract big names, rather we attract or at least seem to who are on the last chance saloon circuit, just one more big payday... even di canio was in this catagory when no one else was willing to take a chance on him. clubs like man u can shell out million on berbatov, not us tho',,, thats for sure as a player, i think he s past it, but he could certainly teach our young ones a thing or two. i don t think he d move south, though. we seem to be linked with this matthew bates on a daily basis now...is he any good?? has anyone seen him much? as he is young and a free agent, i suppose he could be a decent replacement for kovac as backup for parker. opinions? fergie forced to play park in the cl final to strengthen the brand in asia? utter, utter rubbish. i'm not saying his presence in the squad and team doesn't help the initiative, but too suggest he only plays for that purpose is ludicrous and not only does do a disservice to very good player, it implies that fergie would be complicit in a plan to build players into his teams he didn't want. scholes was a cracking player but he is probably years past his prime, as for park, look at brand beckham... don't tell me the mls wanted beckham for his footballing skills... park appears on billboards in asia along side ronaldo rooney that's all about marketing. and i forgot my manners cheers ch. users browsing this forum: no registered users and guests
__label__non_math	1.0000	at our beaverton bmw dealership, we are committed to customer service and satisfaction. kuni bmw is conveniently located and serves portland, vancouver, and tigard kuni bmw has a the northwest's largest selection of bmw's. our friendly and experienced sales staff is ready to answer all of your questions and assist you in selecting the new, certified pre-owned, or pre-owned vehicle that best meets your needs. at kuni bmw, you can choose from all the new bmw models including series, series, series, x5 and x6 in beaverton. at our bmw dealership in beaverton we strive to bring you low prices and reliable new and used cars. kuni bmw's used vehicles are carefully inspected by our technicians to guarantee quality for our beaverton customers. we are continually receiving vehicles for our used car inventory, so check back often. visit our inventory page to browse through the beaverton used cars we currently have in stock. if you see something you like, give us a call or stop in and see us at sw canyon road. at kuni bmw in beaverton we are experts not only on our products, but also on financing. we'll create a car loan or lease program tailored to your needs to ensure you can drive away happily with one of our new or used bmw vehicles. so for a car loan in beaverton, visit kuni bmw and we'll discuss the best plan for you our greater beaverton bmw car repair center has the resources to make your vehicle run as well as it did the day you drove it off the lot. kuni bmw's skilled mechanics have spent years working on bmw vehicles and will properly diagnose your bmw's problem. kuni bmw also offers bmw parts to the beaverton area so that you can maintain your vehicle. our genuine bmw parts department will help keep your vehicle in top condition for many years to come. at kuni bmw we will do whatever we can to help you drive the new bmw or used car of your dreams. we ask you to visit us at sw canyon road and learn more about us. we are proud to serve portland, vancouver wa and tigard with all of your bmw parts, service, and sales needs.. thank you for choosing kuni bmw. kuni bmw is a five time center of excellence award winner and has been recognized by bmw of north america as one of the finest dealerships in the nation. as a customer of kuni bmw, you will be treated to a luxury experience in parts, sales, and service. you expect performance from your bmw; you should also expect exceptional performance from your dealership, kuni bmw as the largest bmw dealership in portland, we have an extensive inventory of new bmw's, certified pre-owned bmw's and used bmw's. our experienced sales staff is eager to share the kuni bmw experience with you. we encourage you to browse our online inventory, schedule a test drive and investigate financing options.
__label__non_math	0.9987	en no translation free entrance reservation required in collaboration with vlaams-nederlands huis deburen speakers: sarah vanagt, frank van vree on the occasion of levage de poussi re dust breeding, the kunstenfestivaldesarts, in cooperation with deburen, hosts an encounter with sarah vanagt. can we adequately reconstruct a war and evaluate it on the basis of the traces it leaves? a conversation about deciphering the traces of war, the hieroglyphics of imagery, and their relation to the law.
__label__non_math	1.0000	brownsville, texas news center a brownsville man was sentenced today to years in jail for his role in a home invasion early last year. judge migdalia lopez of the 197th state district court sentenced noe losoya, , after reviewing a pre-sentence investigation that included an extensive criminal history and previous time served in jail. a jury found him guilty last month for count burglary of a habitation with intent to commit aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and count theft of ,000. losoya was one of four individuals who forcefully gained entry to a brownsville home on terrorizing the family with a baseball bat and knife as they ransacked their belongings. several items were taken including the family s the defense attorney argued at the sentencing that losoya was intoxicated at the time of the home invasion and didn t recall his actions over a -hour period. we are pleased with the sentence, and it further demonstrates that home invasions warrant harsh repercussions, cameron county district attorney luis v. saenz said. these crimes go beyond victims having their belongings taken. a life-threatening crime in your own home where you should absolutely feel safe forever takes an emotional toll. losoya, along with a minor suspect, an unidentified suspect and angel flores, were able to gain entry into the home when the family recognized the minor suspect as a neighborhood resident. during the half-hour ordeal, the family was warned they would be executed if the police were contacted. the family waited two hours before calling police. the brownsville police department arrested losoya just hours after the home invasion for public intoxication. he was found walking in the same neighborhood with a gash on his head, which police discovered was a result of crashing the car he took in the home invasion. other items he took during the invasion were also found as he tried to discard them during his arrest. bpd later was able to tie him to the home invasion. assistant district attorneys peter gilman and adela kowalski-garza prosecuted the case. the defense submitted a notice of appeal for the conviction and sentence.
__label__non_math	1.0000	a notebook allegedly mailed to a psychiatrist by movie-theater shooting suspect james holmes before the july attack will remain off-limits to prosecutors, but defense lawyers will get to look at it under an agreement reached thursday. during a court hearing, prosecutors added new attempted murder charges and amended others among the 142 already lodged. holmes appeared in court with close-cropped dark hair instead of the bright orange hair he had shortly after his arrest. holmes is accused of murder, attempted murder, weapons violations and other charges. prosecutors and defense attorneys waived a reading of the new and amended charges, but court officials later posted them online. holmes is accused of killing people and wounding during a midnight screening of the batman film "the dark knight rises" july at an aurora cinema. officials in the case are under a gag order issued by judge william sylvester to protect holmes' rights. prosecutors had sought to review the notebook, received by university of colorado psychiatrist lynne fenton, saying that it could shed light on the attacks. defense lawyers objected, saying the document is a confidential communication between patient and doctor. prosecutors still dispute that argument, deputy district attorney rich orman said thursday. but he said arguing the point now would result in a lengthy delay that prosecutors would like to avoid. under a proposal made by orman, prosecutors will drop their efforts to see the document and will allow defense attorneys access to the as-yet unopened notebook under the watchful eye of a police officer. attorneys will have to wear gloves and masks, and other precautions will be taken to prevent the loss of evidence should the notebook later become evidence in the case, according to the agreement. should holmes' legal team raise the issue of their client's mental health at any point during the trial, the notebook will become automatically available to prosecutors as potential evidence, orman said. fenton has previously testified that her contact with holmes ended more than a month before the shooting and that she had contacted campus police because she was concerned about what had happened during their last meeting. meanwhile, city work crews dismantled makeshift memorials to victims thursday. the toys, notes and other materials were boxed and labeled under the supervision of the aurora history museum for storage, the city said, and they'll remain available to family members to view at a secure location. aurora officials also plan to give family members white crosses that had stood at the memorial site, or store them at the discretion of relatives. flowers and other perishable items were taken to a city park to be used as mulch, according to the city. authorities have not provided any motive for the shooting. holmes, a former doctoral candidate in neuroscience at the university of colorado anschutz medical campus in aurora, failed his graduate school oral boards a month before the shooting. soon after, he was "denied access to the school after , after he made threats to a professor," according to court documents. holmes then "started the process to voluntarily withdraw from his graduate studies program," the documents said. the shooting unfolded inside a darkened theater packed with batman fans, some in costume, for the premiere of the movie. the suspect went to the rear door of century theater and propped it open, then tossed in a canister of irritant before unleashing a hail of gunfire, federal authorities said. along with the gas mask, the suspect wore a ballistic helmet, protective gear for his legs, throat and groin, and black gloves. police officers rushing to the theater encountered bloody victims streaming out as others remained inside suffering from gruesome injuries. holmes surrendered without resistance, and authorities quickly learned that the suspect's aurora apartment had been rigged with explosive booby traps. authorities evacuated five buildings in the neighborhood, and it took days to disarm all the makeshift bombs left inside holmes' apartment. in an initial interview with police, holmes identified himself as "the joker," authorities said.
__label__non_math	0.9978	most active stories - new google tool shows remarkable timelapse of fresno growth since - new approach to classroom discipline pays off at fresno's yosemite middle school - paso robles winemaker battles valley fever - fresno to get high-end, high-rise downtown restaurant? - cases of mysterious valley fever rise in american southwest valley public radio staff why don't more unemployed spaniards get jobs in germany? originally published on mon zoe chace and robert smith are reporting from european borders this week. this is the third story in a four-part series. the eurozone was supposed to create one big labor market by making it easy to cross borders for work. but gerhard wiegelmann, a ceo in stuttgart, germany, can't find enough workers to staff his company even with unemployment in spain over percent. he's had to turn down projects because he can't hire enough people. ignacio valero is the company's only spanish employee. he says that part of the problem is the language barrier students in spain learn english, not german. but even if you know the language, there's still a cultural barrier. "people are not so open here in germany," valero says. "getting along with people is not so easy." some german companies are trying to change their culture, to appeal to more workers like valero. andreas rohm is a consultant who coaches german ceos how to attract foreign workers. he shows them how to be a little less cold, little less aloof. "you have to send warm signals," he says. we asked wiegelmann to make his best pitch to foreign workers. he said: "if you are a young, highly motivated engineer, you will see that we make a lot of interesting projects." really, gerhard wiegelmann? that's it? what about the german weather? or the food? "you can stay alive here," he says. steve inskeep, host: many countries in europe have been racing to remove economic barriers between them, which is not easy, but cultural barriers can be even tougher. in parts of spain, percent of workers do not have jobs. germany is actually short of workers, with some regions reporting an astonishing three percent unemployment rate. which raises a question. why aren't more spaniards, or italians or greeks, for that matter, moving to germany? npr's planet money team is reporting this week from the borders that divide europe. robert smith, byline: i'm robert smith in stuttgart, germany, and we're visiting an engineering firm - b w, it's called - and they design these beautiful little things made out of metal. look. it's like a little - it's like a little gearbox. i don't really know what they do. something to do with sports cars. anti-lock braking sensors. clutch cases. makes car noises we're playing with all the products when we meet the ceo, gerhard veegelman. he'd like to make more of this stuff, but his company's severely short-staffed. in fact, veegelman says when a customer comes to them now, this summer, for a new design, he has to break the news to them. gerhard veegelman: now we cannot do this. we would like and we are able but we can start in december. smith: he has to turn down work because he has unfilled positions for designers. that's a quarter of his entire staff. and think about how wild this is. unemployment all over europe, and veegelman can't get a lot of foreigners to even take a look at his jobs. why? there is one spaniard working here, so we asked him. ignacio vallero is from zaragoza. he says the number one reason more of his countrymen aren't coming to germany is, well, partially america's fault. young people in spain learn english as a second language instead of german. ignacio valero: and german it's very difficult. i mean it's not an easy language. smith: but there's something else. valero says he's had a little trouble adapting to germany's peculiar social style. valero: people are not so open here in germany, and getting along with people is not so easy. that's what i think. smith: it wasn't supposed to be this way. the idea of the european union was to create one big labor market. they figured if they got rid of the legal barriers stopping a french person from working in a german factory, then that would be enough. if there were jobs in germany for french workers, the french would move there. but as we discovered, that's not the case. zoe chase, byline: i'm zoe chase in a little village just outside the city of strasbourg, france, and life is pretty sweet. it's beautiful here. you can smell the lavender, the birds are chirping, and every morning the french people who live here pile into cars, busses and trains and they cross the german border to go to work in karlsruhe, germany, but at the end of their work day they get back into their cars and they drive back across the border into france. we met raymond keith. he works for siemens just over the border. raymond keith: i like working in germany because everything is well organized. but for my private life i don't like if everything is organized. it's much better for me to live in france. chase: what's so great about france again? well, yannick pebret - he lives in france, works in germany - he gave us his most important reason. yannick pebret: i eat french bread. i can't eat german bread. it's impossible. chase: i know, it sounds like bad stereotypes, like the frenchmen who love their bread and the uber-organized germans. but the cultural issues are very powerful here. even if legally a frenchman working in germany is not an outsider, culturally he feels like one. smith: back here in germany, the ceo of the engineering firm, gerhard veegelman, says it's hard for americans to understand how crippling this is to the european economy. veegelman: united states people grow up with the idea, if things in the north are better, i will move to the north. and i think european people don't want to move. smith: and so some companies are trying to go beyond what the european union has done, changing the laws. they're trying to change the culture. some of them hire andreas rohm. he's a consultant that coaches german ceos in how to attract foreign workers. he shows them how to be a little less cold, a little less aloof, a little more spanish. andreas rohm: you have to send warm signals. for instance, to meet candidates in their country. smith: do you tell these ceos when they go to spain or italy or greece, do you tell them to take off the suit, to hug? or you can't convince them to hug? rohm: i tried. smith: i should say veegelman, the ceo, did not try to hug me. but i asked him to give us his best sales pitch for foreign workers to come to germany. veegelman: if you are a young, high motivated engineer, you will see that we make a lot of interesting projects. smith: sure, but what about the german weather? what about the german food? veegelman: you can stay alive here. smith: way to sell it. chase: that's quite a pitch. smith: robert smith. chase: zoe chase, npr news. transcript provided by npr,
__label__non_math	0.9975	meyer musicmedia was founded by christian w. meyer in and our products are specialized for electronic music. we produce synthesizer sounds and cutting edge audio samples. the style of the sounds range from trance, techno to electro and reflect christian's own passion of electronic music. we released our first soundset for linplug's albino synthesizer in may . it was a huge success and the beginning of a intensive sound design journey: that's just the beginning
__label__non_math	0.9991	soundprovocation releases ethnic bagpipe kon 18th march soundprovocation has released ethnic bagpipe, a new sample instrument for exs24 and kontakt created from an authentic baltic bagpipe. - two tonalities - c and d. - diapason: one octave drone. - two articulations, selectable by keyboard velocity. - recorded multiple samples to recreate natural feel of the instrument. each note of the articulation presented has variations. every time you press a single note, you will hear a different variation. there are 193 samples total recorded. - as bagpipe can play continuously, all samples in this instrument are precisely looped. - the sound is pure - you can add your favorite reverb or other preferable effects. - dedicated to: folk, neo-folk music composers, movie, theatre soundtrack producers and composers with special needs to add something unordinary and extra natural to their creations. - sample format: -bit hz; .aiff. it costs .but is available for the introductory price of .until the end of march. kvr audio, inc.
__label__non_math	0.5241	12th november here's what they say about it: philteroid is a dual filter effect, suitable for use on various type of rhythmic sounds i.e. drums, bass, synth, guitar . beside pure filter work, philteroid is also capable of fm, am and saturation, and can transform plain sound to one with unique character and interesting texture. various filter types, from basic lp, bp, hp, br to uncommon ones, can be obtained with filter type blend control and parallel serial routing of filters. filters can be synced in eleven predefined harmonic offsets between filter frequencies and modulated internally by audio signal fm , adsr envelope, envelope follower, lfo; or trough external input. philteroid is also armed with various amplitude modulation sources and can be used as envelope sharper, expander, noise gate, ring modulator. - filters: two resonant filters with filter type mix controls lp bp hp notch all-pass , input overdrive and serial parallel output routing blend control. - frequency modulators: fm, adsr envelope, envelope follower, external audio, lfo, midi key tracking . - amplitude modulators: am, adsr envelope, ar envelope, envelope follower, external audio, lfo. - i os: assignable input output slots for internal and external routing of audio cv and midi signals. - controls: automation of all ui controls except i o slots is possible. double-click reset function. - patches: 128 patches presets and blank user patches . patch initialize and patch randomize functions. nov kvrdc12: phuturetone philteroid - dual filter
__label__non_math	1.0000	no more sexcuses story updated: we know condoms can protect you against sexually transmitted diseases. and now a new study suggests they don't limit pleasure during sex, despite what many people think the study, just published in the journal of sexual medicine, used data from a national online survey of men and women aged to . condom use is prevalent in the united states more than of men and more than of women reported using a condom during their most recent sexual experience. the big news out of this research: both men and women consistently rated sex as arousing and highly enjoyable whether or not they used a condom. and when a condom was used, there were no significant differences in pleasure based on condom type. the researchers hope these findings will help health care providers educate people who are uncomfortable with condoms about the health benefits of their use. i'm dr. cindy haines of healthday tv with the latest breakthroughs from the world of medicine.
__label__non_math	0.8461	credit: freddy hunt kens an local beer supporter samples a san antonio brew at texas public radio's "views brews" event on thursday, . kvue television, inc., a subsidiary of belo corp. . powered by broadcast interactive media.
__label__non_math	1.0000	video - news posted on at updated sunday, jan at meteorologists from all over the world are coming to austin, in all, to attend the annual meeting of the american meteorological society at the austin convention center. a handful of them decided to give back to the city they are visiting.
__label__non_math	1.0000	i am happy to serve your requests for the most exclusive luxury properties in my area with expertise, integrity and professionalism. please click here to visit my website or to contact me by email. i look forward to being your luxury consultant of choice... luxury homes market country acreage estates
__label__non_math	1.0000	kwtx-tv uses an automated system for school delays and closings due to weather emergencies. this system allows each school district to enter information specific to its situation using the internet. only schools, colleges and major businesses will be displayed on television. all registered organizations are displayed on this page below. to access the system, your organization must be registered with kwtx-tv. once the form is received, your organization will be issued a user id and password to access the system via the internet. closings registration form closings administration login
__label__non_math	1.0000	sherman, tex. -- the city of sherman now has a new notification system. fire chief jeff jones says the 'code red' system allows him to record messages during emergencies like severe weather, gas leaks, or water main breaks, to either the entire city or just the affected areas. right now about ,000 numbers are programmed in the system, but residents can go to the city of sherman s website or call the fire department to add a cell phone number or business line to the system. "if you're outdoors and bad weather approaches, we have outdoor warning sirens for that purpose. if you're inside and you're watching a cable channel or some other show that maybe isn't preempted by that warning message, this will actually ring their telephone and give you that important information," sherman fire chief jeff jones says. if you do not want to be in the system or just want more information, check the links below.
__label__non_math	0.9999	dan condon believes in recycling. just not when it comes to his hotel towels. condon composts when he's at home in boulder, colorado. he eats local, organic and fair-trade food and drives a honda cr-z hybrid sports car. you might call him green. except he's not so green when he travels for his work at an education nonprofit and stays in a hotel, which happens about weeks per year. there, he uses a new towel every day. and don't try to bribe him with a drink or dessert coupon to get him to reuse the same one. "i could care less about rewards for environmentally conscious behavior unless it's miles," condon wrote in an e-mail. if hotels can't convince a hybrid-driving recycling enthusiast like condon to go green while traveling, how can they possibly convince everyone else? that's the problem of hotels trying to "green" your hotel stay. after guests have paid a pretty penny for a night at the inn, even the most environmental guests may want to treat themselves to fresh towels every day and those little bottles of sweet-smelling shampoo. despite the fact that most people describe themselves in surveys as environmentally conscious and as preferring green products, there's a big gap between consumer attitudes and consumer behaviors when it comes to going green, said michael giebelhausen, a marketing professor at the cornell university school of hotel administration. "it can be nice to have fresh towels, and not doing so is a sacrifice," said giebelhausen, whose current research focuses on the impact of hotel sustainability programs on guest satisfaction. "participating requires some effort, and there's some cost to be incurred on the part of the consumer." guests who go green are happy nearly of hotel guests are offered the chance to do something sustainable during their stays, and about two-thirds will participate, according to giebelhausen's analysis of data from the j.d. power and associates north america hotel guest satisfaction study. those guests who participate in a hotel's green programs report that they are more satisfied with their stays than guests who do not participate. participating in a hotel's sustainability program provides "a feeling that it was good to be green, it made them feel good about themselves, and that translated to the service provider," giebelhausen said. "these guests, who are ostensibly receiving a lower level of service, report being more satisfied overall with their stay." there's just one catch: guests who don't participate in voluntary sustainability programs reported the lowest levels of satisfaction with their hotel stays. "one explanation for these findings is that when people don't live up to their ideals, and vice versa, this affects how satisfied they are with the entity that presented them this 'moral dilemma,'" giebelhausen said. sustainability is becoming the norm it makes business sense for hotels to go green: increasing sewage rates, stricter water use requirements and more recycling options are all convincing hotels to reduce their water and energy costs, said hotel industry veteran pat maher, an environmental consultant and "green guru" for the american hotel lodging association. more than of u.s. hotels have linen and towel reuse programs, have guest or internal recycling programs, and have a water-saving program, according to a american hotel lodging association survey of its members. they also have "back of the house" programs that include low-flow shower heads, faucets and toilets; energy-efficient light bulbs, high-efficiency appliances and other efforts. some are required by local governments; others just make business sense. that translates into real dollars: the u.s. environmental protection agency has found that hotels and other lodging facilities use more than 510 trillion btu of energy annually at a cost of more than .billion. that energy use generates million metric tons of greenhouse gas emissions, equal to the emissions from more than million passenger vehicles, according to the agency. the epa reports that the lodging industry could save at full-service hotels. annoyed that the hotel's bottom line benefits from your sacrifice? some hotels are trying to make water-saving behavior pay for their guests. participating sheraton hotels resorts gives guests a food and drink voucher or 500 starwood points for every day they decline housekeeping's services except departure day . part of the kimpton culture some hotels are making green cool. it seems to be an easier sell for hip, higher-end chains like kimpton hotel restaurant group's properties, which cultivate an edgier base of customers. about of hotel guests participate in the chain's towel and sheet reuse program, said mike defrino, kimpton's executive vice president of hotel operations. bill kimpton started the boutique hotel chain by rehabbing older buildings and turning them into hotels. although kimpton died in , the company that bears his name still has the reputation he cultivated. most locations welcome guests to mingle at a lobby cocktail hour, lounge in their animal-print robes and bring their pets on their stay. and many locations will lend guests a goldfish as part of the guppy love program.
__label__non_math	1.0000	while president barack obama announced former sen. chuck hagel as his pick to replace outgoing defense secretary leon panetta, a number of groups and political figures are responding with a range of reactions, from outright opposition to hesitant backing to full support. hagel's nomination on monday has caused a stir from some on both sides of the aisle, with some of the former republican senator's statements and positions relating to the gay community and foreign policy coming under the spotlight. he's been lambasted in particular for his opposition to unilateral sanctions against iran, as well as for votes opposing labeling iran's islamic revolutionary guard corps as a terrorist organization. among the criticism, hagel has also taken heat for a interview that some perceive as anti-jewish, pointing to a quote in which hagel said the "jewish lobby intimidated lawmakers." the national director of the anti-defamation league said hagel would not have been his "first choice," but he respects the "president's prerogative." "i trust that the confirmation process will provide an opportunity for senator hagel to address concerns about his positions, which seem so out of sync with president obama's clear commitment on issues like iran sanctions, isolating hamas and hezbollah and the president's strong support for a deepening of u.s. israel strategic cooperation," abraham foxman said in a statement. he further expressed "hope" that hagel would elaborate on his comments about the "jewish lobby." the national jewish democratic council gave similar-though cautious-support, saying they expect hagel to "follow the president's lead" in support for israel. "president barack obama's unprecedented pro-israel credentials are unquestionable, and setting policy starts and stops with the president. while we have expressed concerns in the past, we trust that when confirmed, former senator chuck hagel will follow the president's lead of providing unrivaled support for israel - on strategic cooperation, missile defense programs, and leading the world against iran's nuclear program." some senators hinted that hagel can expect to get a full grilling in his senate confirmation hearings. senate minority leader mitch mcconnell said sunday on abc's "this week" that whoever is nominated will get a "thorough vetting." and speaking sunday on cnn's "state of the union," sen. lindsey graham of south carolina labeled the former senator a "controversial" choice by obama and didn't rule out staging a filibuster to prevent a vote on hagel's nomination. "hagel, if confirmed to be secretary of defense, would be the most antagonistic secretary of defense towards the state of israel in our nation's history," graham told cnn chief political correspondent candy crowley. sen. john mccain, r-arizona, credited hagel with his service in vietnam and congratulated him on the nomination but went no further in offering support. "i have serious concerns about positions senator hagel has taken on a range of critical national security issues in recent years, which we will fully consider in the course of his confirmation process before the senate armed services committee," mccaiin said in a statement. meanwhile, some gay rights groups and activists have hit hagel for his remarks questioning whether a nominee for an ambassadorship was suitable because he was "openly, aggressively gay." hagel issued an apology for the remark in december. he's also received vocal opposition for supporting the pentagon's former "don't ask, don't tell" policy. on top of a newspaper ad released last month, the log cabin republicans took out a full page monday in the washington post, saying hagel's apology was "too little, too late." however, prominent gay rights activist rick jacob, who heads the courage campaign, gave his full support for hagel in a huffington post op-ed monday. "let's be clear about one thing: no one trying to derail his nomination attacks his qualifications. instead, they seek to score political points and or act at the behest of powerful special interests by denying the president his choice as defense chief," jacobs wrote. other political figureheads gave hagel high praise. they cite his time serving in the vietnam war, for which he was awarded two purple hearts, and his two terms in the senate. "to try to make this sound like it's a pick outside of the mainstream is absolutely ridiculous. chuck hagel has been widely regarded as one of the smartest people on defense and national security issues," sen. chris murphy of connecticut said monday on cnn's "starting point with soledad o'brien." senate armed services committee chairman carl levin, a democrat from michigan, said hagel is "well qualified" for the job with his "broad experience in national security affairs." "he was a decorated soldier and an effective member of the senate, and he is a strong advocate for the men and women of our military," levin said in a statement. "the armed services committee will give prompt and careful consideration to senator hagel's nomination for this critical position." another democrat, sen. dianne feinstein, applauded hagel and added she will support him in the confirmation process. "i found him to be a knowledgeable and independent voice with a strong grasp of the pressing national security issues facing our country," said feinstein, who chairs the senate intelligence committee. former secretary of state colin powell said he "wholeheartedly" endorsed obama's nomination.
__label__non_math	0.9999	lewis rides into retirement with lombardi trophy ravens linebacker wins second super bowl title of career it almost wouldn't have been appropriate for ray lewis' storied career to end any other way. with the baltimore ravens clinging to a -lead and remaining in super bowl xlvii, the san francisco 49ers had a first-and-goal at the ravens' -yard line. baltimore's defense was banged up and clearly winded, having allowed 466 total yards to that point in the game. after san francisco's lamichael james rushed for yards on first down, the ravens received a quick breather with the two-minute warning. courtesy of tight coverage -- and some questionable play-calling -- 49ers quarterback colin kaepernick threw three consecutive incomplete passes intended for wide receiver michael crabtree. a few minutes later, the ravens were officially world champions. "how else would the game come down?" lewis said. "put us with our backs against the wall, and every man looked at each other and said, 'if they don't get in, we'll win.' "who else does that but a team that's been battle-tested? a team that doesn't waver no matter what situation it's in. we did it. that's what the ravens are, man." the ravens' once-vaunted defense certainly wavered, especially as the 49ers reeled off consecutive points in the second half. san francisco averaged .yards per carry, and kaepernick threw for 302 yards, but baltimore buckled down on a key two-point conversation and again at the end of the game. "the final series of ray lewis' career was a goal-line stand to win the lombardi trophy," ravens coach john harbaugh said. "we have said many times after many of these games, 'it was not perfect, it was not pretty, but it was us.' that is who we are." lewis spent the past two seasons relying heavily on bike training to stay in shape to help reduce the pounding on his legs. however, it was clear time was catching up to the future hall of fame linebacker even before he suffered a torn triceps on oct. . the ravens' run defense was beginning to sag, and there were whispers that the end of the -year veteran's career was close. he convinced general manager ozzie newsome not to place him on season-ending injured reserve, and he promised he would be able to return to help the ravens. and that he did, resuming practice in december and returning to the field for the team's playoff opener at home against the indianapolis colts. lewis announced before the playoffs that he would retire after the season. it was his "last ride," a nice metaphor to his training and the rallying cry for the three-game winning streak that brought the ravens to new orleans. lewis wasn't perfect against the 49ers -- far from it. he was often making tackles downfield and a step late in coverage, but part of his hall of fame resume is lewis' legendary leadership. "the cool thing about ray is that it means a lot to win it for him just because -- not only did he want to win it for himself, but the bigger thing was that he wanted all of us to know what it is like to win this game," ravens quarterback joe flacco said. "so the fact that he has that outlook on it just made it very special for this to come true." lewis took running back ray rice under his wing when rice entered the league in , and the two have been close friends since. "after the season is over and after we do all our stuff, next year the locker room is going to be different," rice said. "this is the one thing that's not going to separate us for life. we'll forever be champions because we won the super bowl." whether that locker room in includes -year veteran ed reed remains to be seen. he's scheduled to be a free agent, and he contemplated retirement last offseason. reed maintained even after the victory sunday that he intends to play next season. "i am enjoying this right now," reed said. "i plan on doing it. i love football. so long as i am healthy in the offseason and everything is good and my son if he doesn't say, 'dad you gotta come home,' i plan on coming back." "i am enjoying this right now as long as i can." reed returned to the game after suffering a knee injury in the first quarter, and he was rewarded with his first super bowl title. he arrived a year after lewis won his first. "i told him he's getting everything i have tonight," reed said. "we gave him everything. defense. goal line. san francisco has a great team, and we win on defense on the goal line. it is the way it had to be for ray. it was so right." ray lewis' last ride has one final stop -- delivering the lombardi trophy back to baltimore. "i do everything in retirement," lewis said. "everything around me is my kids. it is the most ultimate feeling ever. this is the way you do it. no other way to go out and end a career. this is how you do it." distributed by internet broadcasting and the sports xchange. this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
__label__non_math	0.9974	displaying items -of view ky3.com items only previous today legion baseball state a tourney at fossum field in aberdeen wednesday game , a.m.: region 1a champion brookings post bandits - vs wild-card entry sioux falls post west - . game , p.m.: defending state... tv sports saturday auto racing--nascar nationwide series, -hour energy 200 pole qualifying, a.m. espn2 ; nascar nationwide series, -hour energy 200, p.m. espn ; drag racing, nhra supernationals qualifying, same-day tape, p.m. espn ... it's too early to say who will be the first player taken in the draft could be university of florida pitcher karsten whitson or another advanced college prospect or a high school stud like austin meadows, an outfielder from georgia, or... original site for yasmani grandal topic gallery.
__label__non_math	0.9962	kymco 1st qtr update kymco surges ahead as a leader of the australian motorcycle market, celebrating the biggest ever retail month in march. - number one scooter brand for quarter and the month of march - australia s fastest growing atv brand with growth and . national market share for q1 - total sales growth of in q1 over the same period last year - the seventh largest motorcycle brand in the country with . of the total market in q1 kymco celebrated its biggest retail month ever in march, with the rapidly growing taiwanese brand taking the market by storm with its range of motorcycles, scooters and atvs to bolster an outstanding q1 performance. in only its third year in the australian motorcycle market, kymco is already beginning to replicate the same levels of success enjoyed by the global powerhouse around the world. during q1, kymco increased total sales volume by a staggering .percent over the same period in , according to results recently released by the federal chamber of automotive industries fcai . making this growth even more impressive is the fact that itself was a record-breaking year for kymco. this result saw kymco annex .percent of the total motorcycle market during q1, this q1 result saw kymco rise to become the seventh largest motorcycle brand in australia, only five units short of the number six position. posting its best ever scooter result during march, kymco leapt to a clear lead as the number one scooter brand in the country with a market share just shy of percent. this result reflects growth of percent over q1 in a market that is only up .percent. with several new models still to be released over coming months and a range that is the envy of the industry, the kymco scooter business is showing no signs of slowing down. we kicked off this year aiming to become the number one scooter brand in australia and we are ecstatic at our results so far, said kymco australia new zealand chief executive officer, stuart mclean. you only need to take one look at our range, and one look at the pedigree of the kymco brand, to understand how we ve achieved this growth and why there is plenty more growing to come. we provide a scooter range that is stylish, reliable, offers value for money and is backed up by an outstanding dealer network these factors will continue to underpin our success. not to be outdone, kymco atvs also faired well, with its biggest retail month ever in march securing the taiwanese manufacturer . of the national atv market for q1 and growth over the same period in . after just one-and-a-half years in the australia n atv market, kymco atvs have already established an enviable reputation for their reliability, toughness and after sales support, qualities that will no doubt facilitate even greater growth over the course of . kymco apply a philosophy of simplicity of design- with the correct features with their atv range and this is why many australian farmers are turning to kymco to get the job done, said mr mclean. not to mention that kymco s research development team have spent an abundance of time in australia to ensure they are manufacturing atvs that are tailored to suit our very unique conditions down under. capping off these outstanding q1 results, kymco s range of 250cc motorcycles also demonstrated solid growth over the early stages of , establishing the brand as a leader of the learner and lower capacity motorcycle market. at kymco, we work under the principles of integrity, quality, passion and customer service t o drive our business further to meet the needs of local australians, said mr mclean. our brand is becoming more and more recognisable to australians, who are no w understanding the global power of kymco, who are the fourth largest motorcycle manufacturer in the world with an annual production capacity of over 700,000 units. these results are a reflection of the quality of this brand, the quality of the products and the quality of our people. watch this space for more growth from kymco over coming months. for further information about the kymco range, please visit
__label__non_math	0.7939	professors: batsell, boatwright, rdi, gregg chair , hostetter, tan psychology, broadly defined, is the study of animal and human behavior as well as human experience. the discipline involves the use of scientific methods in the discovery of facts and confirmation of theory as well as applications to problems. the major, therefore, includes a focus on the understanding and use of research skills and techniques. psychology is a diverse field with important connections to biology, education, philosophy, and sociology. increasingly, psychologists may be found in business, industry, education, government, and medicine, as well as in the more traditional areas of research and mental health. given its diversity and connections to other disciplines, psychology is a reasonable choice of major for students who seek a broad liberal arts undergraduate education. psychology is also a practical major for those who seek careers immediately after graduation in fields where interacting with other people is primary management, criminal justice, or human services, for example. students interested in careers in such applied fields, however, may find the human development and social relations hdsr major a better choice. psychology majors may choose to pursue advanced degrees in three general directions: one, as scientists, leading to careers in higher education or research settings; two, as practitioners, leading to roles as clinicians, school psychologists, industrial psychologists, and health psychologists; and three, as professionals in other fields such as law, medicine, and business administration.
__label__non_math	0.9944	hashtag, in simple english, is any word that begins with a hash symbol. hash-tags are popular on twitter because writing space is limited but people can associate their tweets with an event or product without having to explain the full context. for instance, a tweet that says obama on stage now might make no sense but if it includes a hash tag like obama on stage now whcd it s relatively easy to guess that the person is probably live-tweeting from the white house correspondents dinner. most hashtags have pretty obvious meanings like teched or xkcd but if you are not too sure about the meaning or origin of any particular hashtag, check out tagdef.com. tagdef is a directory of twitter hash tags that displays the meaning along with recent tweets that have included that particular hashtag. if you aren t happy with the existing definition, you can write your own and others can vote up or down your definition.
__label__non_math	0.6494	brenton r paolella affiliation: dartmouth medical school - p53 directly represses id2 to inhibit the proliferation of neural progenitor cellsbrenton r paolella norris cotton cancer center, dartmouth medical school, hanover, new hampshire, usa stem cells :. ..these findings indicate that id2 functions as a proproliferative gene that antagonizes p53-mediated cell cycle regulation in npcs and may contribute to the malignant proliferation of glioma-derived tumor stem cells... - id2 is required for specification of dopaminergic neurons during adult olfactory neurogenesismatthew c havrda norris cotton cancer center, dartmouth medical school, lebanon, new hampshire , usa j neurosci :. ..these data support a novel role for sustained id2 expression in migrating neural progenitors mediating olfactory dopaminergic neuronal differentiation in adult animals...
__label__non_math	1.0000	user account login - print subscribers get free access to all la business journal content to start reading the journal online, please indicate your subscriber status: already a subscriber? please login. if you don't recall your user account or password you can look it up with your email address see link below . if you don't have a user account, you'll need to register right button .
__label__non_math	0.9947	the most comfortable cleat for the fastest game on two feet. designed with lockdown, traction, comfort and support all in one lightweight cleat. upper: lightweight synthetic leather upper with forefoot strap for support and fit. low-cut inner sleeve with external ankle wraps delivers the feel and mobility of a mid. insole: contoured phylon midsole minimizes cleat pressure through the heel and midfoot. outsole: tpu with conical and shark cleats for enhanced speed and cutting. sidewall shovel cleats enable quicker, strong edge movements. weight: .oz. size
__label__non_math	0.9998	solid wood bunk beds create space by making your own layout. -drawer dresser, ladder, bookshelf and strong side rails. voluntary safety guidelines met. mattresses, bedding and rugs included. excellent condition. asking obo firstname.lastname or 314-269- silk persian pibriz rug red field elaborately decorated with vines and floral medallions with navy border and ivory accents in center of rug. call for more details or photos. ' x ' asking obo excellent condition 314-537-
__label__non_math	0.9997	history professor examines state and territorial policies that affected early american indian citizenship deborah rosen, professor and head of history, has taken an in-depth look at early american indian policy-making in her most recent book, american indians and state law: sovereignty, race and citizenship, university of nebraska, december . the publication examines the role that state and territorial governments played in extending jurisdiction over indians as well as defining borders and the meaning of citizenship. belying the common assumption that indian policy and regulation in the united states were exclusively within the federal government s domain, the book reveals how states and territories extended their legislative and judicial authority over american indians between the early national period and the reconstruction era, explains rosen. in this book, i detail how state and territorial governments regulated american indians and brought them into local criminal courts, as well as how indians contested states actions and asserted tribal sovereignty. several students assisted rosen with her publication as excel scholars. these students were robert alessi , tiffany blakey , phillip dudley , andrea kotrosits , and michael sparrow . the students handled a plethora of primary source documents that were foundational to rosen s research, including judicial opinions, trial records, statutes, legislative hearings, constitutional convention debates, newspapers, speeches, letters, and official reports. the finished book is a discussion of nationwide patterns complemented by case studies focusing on new york, georgia, new mexico, michigan, minnesota, louisiana, and massachusetts that demonstrate the decentralized nature of much of early american indian policy, according to rosen. in addition to its cornerstone use of primary sources and divergent conclusion, rosen s book is the first to present a broad study of state and territorial indian policies, laws, and judicial decisions in early united states history. - exceptional faculty - excel undergraduate research
__label__non_math	1.0000	button to calculate your shipping charge. the only information required is your delivery zip code. you are under no obligation to purchase items added to the cart. for more information please refer to our shipping policy
__label__non_math	1.0000	after a -loss to haralson county, the yellow jackets were sitting at -in region -aaa, and a season that began with such promise was going south in a hurry. the yellow jackets have righted the ship, though. with last week s -victory over b.e.s.t. academy, the yellow jackets -overall have won three straight games to improve to -in region play to clinch a playoff berth. the yellow jackets will try to wrap up the regular season with a victory on friday, but their assignment is a difficult one. standing in rockmart s way are the callaway cavaliers, who have been scorching hot since opening the season with a loss to heard county. callaway -, -in region play has won eight straight games while clinching the region championship in the process. if callaway wins friday night, it will match the most regular-season wins in school history while heading into the playoffs with all sorts of momentum. we ve had a great week of practice. we re looking forward to friday night, callaway head coach pete wiggins said. it s a special game for us. it s senior night, and those guys have worked really hard. the yellow jackets have scored a combined 123 points during their three-game winning streak. rockmart s going to bring a great football team to callaway stadium, wiggins said. they ve gotten hot of late particulary from an offensive standpoint. they re throwing the ball well. they re going to be ready to go. we re expecting a hard-fought football game. and our kids are excited about it. they re ready to play in front of the home crowd. it s going to be a phsyical game. while this will be the first region meeting between callaway and rockmart, the teams do have a history. in , in the opening round of the class aa state playoffs, callaway beat rockmart -. rockmart is coached by dan duff, who wiggins calls a great guy. coach duff, we ve known each other for a long time. he s a great guy, wiggins said. he ll have his team ready to go. we re just looking forward to that atmosphere. we re going to have to come out and execute and limit our mistakes and play callaway football.
__label__non_math	1.0000	lives often depend on the prompt response and expert care of emergency medical technicians emts and paramedics. accidents, heart attacks, childbirth and trauma all require immediate medical intervention. throughout the city, , emts and paramedics respond to emergencies, treat and then transport the sick or injured. emt-basic is a four-month course and is required in order to advance to paramedic training. students can choose from a paramedic certificate program or a paramedic aas degree program.
__label__non_math	0.9974	very few people think of this but one of the best ways to enjoy lahaina while on vacation is to spending the day at a cooking class. some of the restaurants on the island offer an intimate cooking class taught by their chefs. it s a great way to enjoy your day, learn some new things, enjoy good food, and learn about the hawaiian culture and food. celebrity chef, david paul, offers a cooking class once a month at his renowned david paul s island grill location. the class size is very small so that everyone in the class gets the personal attention of the chef. together as a group, he will teach you and help you prepare your own five star meal. it s a very fun session that includes drinks and wine. he will answer questions and teach you some of his personal cooking techniques and secrets. after the meal is prepared, you will sit down at a table with the chef and enjoy the meal. it s a very fun experience and one that you can do with your significant other. besides, it s is not every day that you get to be taught by a master chef in his own kitchen and get to dine with him as well. i strong recommend it. no trip to maui is complete without experiencing a authenticate hawaiian luau. the best place in our book is the old lahaina luau which allows you to experience an ocean front luau where they cook a pig in a imu. a imu is an underground pit lined with hot rocks and the pig is placed inside of it can covered up with banana leafs and seaweed and allowed to cook for many hours. this is about the most authenticate and entertaining show that you can get on maui. be sure to make reservations early as where you seat is dependent on how early in advance your reservation was made. don t wait until you are on your trip to make your reservation. make sure to do it well in advance to guarantee a good seat. you can elect to seat on traditional hawaiian mats or on conventional tables and chairs. the entire event last about three hours. there is the presentation of traditional hawaiian music and hula show. you are greeted with fresh flower lei and tropical drinks. after the first hour of entertainment the pig is removed from the imu. you can watch them do this if you want. the pig is then cut up and every one is then escorted to a bountiful buffet. among the things to be found on the menu is: kalua roast pork, laulau pork wrapped in luau leaf steamed to perfection , poi, ahi poke marinated raw ahi tuna , big island sweet potato, grilled tenderloin steak, chicken long rice, island style chicken, maui style mahi-mahi chef s special preparation. stir fry vegetables, local style fried rice, island crab salad, taro leaf salad with coconut sauce, pohole salad fern shoots , lomi lomi salmon salmon mixed with tomatoes and onions , banana bread, fresh island fruit, assorted island desserts, freshly baked taro rolls, haupia. there is a bar area for those who need more than the tropical drinks. the old lahaina luau is a experience that should not be missed.
__label__non_math	0.9994	the new pussy posse prince harry was in vegas last night. so was ryan lochte. they ended up in a pool together. easy. i too wish this story would end the way you want it to end -- with lochte s legs wrapped around harry s waist. instead, at , harry jumped in the pool with his pants still on and challenged lochte to a breast stroke. not surprisingly, they were surrounded by girls. click here to see pictures and video. years ago, leonardo dicaprio led his pussy posse around the world, conquering every territory from las vegas to london and beyond. leo is much more stealth in his pursuits now, leaving the open hunt to his youthful successors... hot harry and dumb lochte? some of the best, most degenerate, decadent gossip stories i ve ever heard took place, obviously, well before technology made secrets obsolete. players would prizef-ck side by side. literally. a hotel room with two queen beds, a bigger suite and one dude gets the couch, while the other one uses the room but leaves the door open. and it wasn t limited to rock stars either. or the brat pack. imagine prince harry, third in line to throne, in such a situation with ryan lochte? i wish it happened in the olympic village. i still miss the olympics. someone just sent me this video.
__label__non_math	0.9996	big top hollywood it s a month to oscar which means it s time to yell at vanity fair for its annual hollywood issue. as always, the limited diversity that s featured in this supposed celebration of the best of the industry is hidden behind the cover. of course, yes, they suck for this, totally. but if the hollywood issue is a reflection of hollywood, well, isn t this actually a pretty accurate reflection of hollywood? hollywood is white and no women over are allowed. yes, sh-t on vanity fair, go ahead. at the same time, sh-t on hollywood too. and, well, maybe we should also sh-t on ourselves. hollywood caters to an audience that either shapes it or rewards it or both. i m not sure the viewer here is entirely innocent though. i ve already written about that in relation to this specific event several times. click here for a refresher. for it s some kind of circus theme. the portraits inside are all big top and old hollywood. click here to flip through the images. and click here to read about the insufferable privilege of these magazine people -- during production of this massive effort to make celebrities pretty in pictures, it was hurricane sandy time so some of them had to walk blocks to get a cell signal, for courage and was it worth it? to me, and i love emma stone, this is probably the most uninspired hollywood issue in years. and was pretty boring. click here to see jessica chastain, jennifer lawrence, rooney mara, and mia wasikowska. in comparison, was definitely better with anne hathaway, james franco, jake gyllenhaal, and ryan reynolds -- click here for that. and that wasn t as good as featuring abbie cornish, carey mulligan, and kristen stewart -- click here for that. but if you start going back and back, all the recent ones suck when measured against what came before. you will gasp for example looking back at . it s jack so only men over are allowed on the cover of the hollywood issue? go back a few years -- when was the last time a woman over was featured on vanity fair s hollywood issue? it s race and it s also sex. go back to and you might find yourself closing your eyes and dipping your head at the sight of brittany murphy. so in -- frightening click here to review the hollywood issues going backwards from .
__label__non_math	1.0000	if you're looking for ways to feel better and live healthier, you might want to pay attention to what's in your kitchen. "more and more, people are searching for delicious, natural foods that offer functional benefits, and tart cherries rise to the top in my book," said david grotto, rd. "science continues to support the many health benefits of tart cherries such as helping regulate natural sleep patterns, which is especially important as the cdc now considers lack of sleep a 'public health epidemic.'" a new book from grotto, "the best things you can eat" da capo press, january , reveals some of the best foods for healthier living, including tart cherries. recognized for their powerful nutrient profile and functional properties, tart cherries appear several times in grotto's book, including best foods for sleep, as well as best pain-fighting foods, best foods for muscle recovery, and best fruits overall. available year-round in dried, frozen and juice forms, tart cherries are a versatile ingredient to include as part of any diet. here are some delicous ways you can enjoy the best of eating red: - greens and reds: toss grilled salmon, dried cherries and a dash of turmeric with salad greens for heightened flavor and pain-fighting nutrients. - runner's red relief: blend low-fat chocolate milk, kefir or plain yogurt and frozen cherries for a quick boost pre- or post-workout beverage. - spiced red snack mix: try an easy, do-it-yourself trail mix using dried cherries, ginger, cinnamon, almonds, pistachios and whole-grain cereal. - berry cherry breakfast: swap typical berries for dried tart cherries to top cereal, oatmeal, yogurt or pancakes. warm salmon, cherry, and arugula salad prep time: minutes cook time: minutes tablespoons red wine vinegar teaspoon ground turmeric tablespoons olive oil, divided salt and pepper cups loosely packed arugula about ounces small head radicchio, cored and shredded salmon fillets, about -inch thick shallots, sliced large jalapeno halved lengthwise , seeded and thinly sliced cups thawed frozen tart cherries teaspoons grated fresh ginger cup tart cherry juice in large bowl, whisk together vinegar, turmeric, and tablespoons olive oil. add arugula and radicchio, and toss. add salt and pepper to taste and divide mixture among serving plates. set aside. season salmon with salt and pepper. in large skillet over medium-high heat, warm remaining tablespoon olive oil. add salmon and cook until barely opaque throughout, to minutes per side. arrange salmon on top of the salads. return skillet to medium heat. add shallots and jalapeno, and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, to minutes. add cherries and ginger, and cook, stirring occasionally, until heated through. add cherry juice; increase heat to medium-high, and cook, scraping up any browned bits, until juice is almost entirely evaporated, to minutes. add salt and pepper to taste. spoon cherry mixture over the salmon and serve. -- family features gatehouse news service
__label__non_math	0.9910	swimming: not just for summer anymore it s dark. it s cold. heading to the pool might be the furthest thing from your mind. while summer is the time of year for playing at the beach, pool parties and outdoor water sports, the colder months are actually a great time to start swimming. swimming is a low-impact exercise that depending, on the intensity of the workout, can involve multiple energy systems, says u.s. masters swimming club and coach services director bill brenner. swimming improves your cardiovascular system as well as stamina and flexibility. it is a popular form of exercise for weight loss and weight control due to the high caloric consumption associated with the activity. swimming is the form of exercise most adults would choose to do if given the opportunity, according to research by the sporting goods manufacturers association . if you ask adults if you could do one exercise for an hour with maximum benefits and minimal risk for injury the majority would pick swimming, says brenner. this is true even for those who can t swim a length of the pool, because percent of adults can t. rebecca sato, , of austin, texas, used to be a non-swimmer two years ago. i was totally sedentary and had pounds to lose, sato recalls. in the course of losing weight and getting into shape, i needed to find something i enjoyed doing. she learned to swim at life time, the healthy way of life company, and while she was at it, enrolled her two sons, now and , into lessons so they could learn to swim, too. i didn t want them to grow up like me, sato says. i wanted something athletic in their life and swimming, especially for little kids, is non-negotiable. kids need to be able to swim because otherwise they re not safe. drowning is the no. cause of death for children younger than . even the american academy of pediatrics revised its position statement in may of to encourage children as young as to start lessons to help prevent drowning. but depositing your child into a swim lesson at the start of summer may not provide enough time to acquire the skills they need before the outdoor pools open. the average child needs approximately hours of swimming lessons before they can swim consistently and confidently meters of a pool, says alicia kockler, senior national aquatics manager at life time. kockler says that swimming a length of a pool indicates that a swimmer has the proficiency level and stamina to survive a dangerous situation in the water - he could survive long enough to either reach safety or for help to arrive. currently less than percent of children and younger can swim the length of a pool, kockler says. children who don t learn how to swim become adults who don t know how to swim. sato, having been one of those non-swimmers, has since started teaching swimming to adults at the same life time where she learned to swim. i see a lot of adults who think it s too late, sato says. learning to swim as an adult is totally possible with some work. swimming skills are wired in for adults who learn as children, which is why, she adds, children s swimming lessons are so important. swimming will pull your body in different directions healthy directions the direction it needs to go. even if someone has adequate swim skills by summer s end, doesn t mean they can hang on to them the following summer without practice. get into the pool again after months on dry land and you may feel like you re starting over. when kids only swim in the summer, they typically regress a skill level by the time they start up again, kockler says. this means that all that hard work over the summer is partially lost. swimming regularly, ideally weekly, over the course of the year will provide far greater skill development in a year s time than a condensed schedule of the equivalent amount of hours of swim instruction over the summer. going to the pool to practice doesn't always mean swimming drills and working on technique, kockler adds. playing in the pool builds strength, stamina and skills. what s more, children whose parents join them in the water and share in the enjoyment tend to learn faster. so jump in now. the air outside might be frightful, but the water feels just right.
__label__non_math	0.9999	hits : 172 upper lake, calif. shannon michele of cache creek catering and lake county wine studio are presenting a monthly food and wine series featuring gourmet appetizers paired with select lake county wines. locally produced foods are proudly featured as key ingredients in recipes created by cache creek catering. the series is held from to p.m. on the second friday of each month. this month s event takes place aug. . the per person cost is and reservations are required. aug. is themed from farm to table with wines from moore family winery. the first course will be fregola with roasted tomatoes, corn, sweet onions and basil served with chardonnay, followed by chicken with cherry barbeque sauce paired with malbec. the final course will be melon sorbet with moore family s late harvest sauvignon blanc. sept. will feature fresh harvested lake county pears. oct. marries old vine wines with lake county heirloom walnuts. for reservations and additional information, contact feiler at 707-293-.
__label__non_math	0.9999	the resort boasts kilometres of mountain bike and walking trails. enjoy stunning scenery and beautiful tracks along the thredbo river. enjoy fishing in lake crackenback, the lake is stocked twice a year with trout. fly fishing lessons are available through activate. learn to cast and be taken to nearby rivers to master your skills. cuisine on lake crackenback promotes dining excellence offering classic cuisine using the best of local produce. relax and enjoy the tranquil views of lake crackenback and the mountains. the shuttle bus is available in winter only. the bus runs to a timetable around the resort grounds - to and from the skitube bullocks flat station. enjoy canoeing around lake crackenback. canoes are located on the waters edge. kayaking tours are available, contact activate for further information. there are two hard court tennis courts to enjoy. tennis racquets are available from activate located at reception. enjoy our hole par bush golf course. golf clubs and scorecards can be collected from reception. open daily. enjoy the indoor outdoor heated swimming pool, gymnasium and sauna. change rooms are available. towels are to be taken from your accommodation up to the centre. our segway eco tours run daily aroudn the resort's 150 acres. tours depart opposite the alpine larder. bookings are essential. with treatment rooms available, the spa at lake crackenback offers luxurious hot stone remedial massages, facials, pedicures and manicures, infinity baths and more. bookings are essential. collect all your sporting equipment from the activate centre located at reception. also book your segway tours, kosciuszko alpine guided walks, fly fishing tours and more. there are archery targets available, archery equipment can be collected from activate. instructions can be found on the posts surrounding the archery field. there are spring free trampolines to enjoy on the resort's grounds. during the winter months, a ski hire is offered on-site taking the hassle out of bringing all your gear to the resort. with years of experience and friendly staff, the ski hire is well regarded within the region. a purpose built mountain bike skills course is located at the entrance to the resort to test you with berms, bridges, logs and rails. mountain bikes are available to hire from activate. within the reception complex, are two computers with free internet access for guest use along with a general store stocking grocery items and a bottle shop. open days. an organic approach to hospitality in the mountains. visit us for your morning coffee before enjoying a day of activities, a casual lunch, afternoon tapas or our delicious selection of wood fired pizzas.
__label__non_math	0.9995	the chiefs placed fifth overall with a score of 349, and it was the top performance by an rvc south squad. however, despite receiving the maximum points from the conference tournament, big foot finished the season with .points, a mere one point behind conference champion beloit turner. coach bob sullivan said his team gave it everything. "our guys shot their best," he said. "it was nice to end the conference season that way. it was as close as you can get. i'm really happy with how it turned out. we put it together toward the end of the season." big foot's top tally came from collin hubertz, who fired an . paul littig followed with an . "collin and paul had good days," sullivan said. "they both had solid scores. everyone shot better than their averages." jake dragonetti had a , and dylan freytag added a . dan wohlbedacht's 105 was dropped from the final scores.
__label__non_math	1.0000	check out the map or the poker run course here. we re doing a lap around the island and all the way to dangling rope marina and back
__label__non_math	0.9813	frisco enterprise news yearly crime rate stagnant from to frisco's yearly crime rate was relatively unchanged from to , interim police chief john bruce announced at tuesday's city council meeting. in terms of overall crime, there were only two more incidents reported in than -- ,183 incidents were reported last year compared to ,181 the previous year -- representing a change of less than one tenth of one percent. council members considered the minor change in incidents good news, noting that the crime rate had actually decreased on a per capita basis, meaning fewer crimes were reported for every ,000 residents in the city. "congratulations to you and your department on lowering crime rates as the city's growing," council member will sowell told the interim police chief. in terms of major violent crimes, no murders were reported in , down from two in . assaults were similarly down, from 627 in to 586 in . reported rapes were up threefold, however, from five in to in . despite the good news, bruce said theft remains an issue of concern for the police department, as more theft-related incidents were reported in compared to . when asked by mayor maher maso if there were any possible solutions to the increase in thefts, bruce replied that residents need to remember to lock their vehicles and take valuables when they leave. "the great majority of vehicles that are burglarized now are unlocked," he said. "residents need to keep valuables hidden or take them when they leave their vehicles . a lot of these are crimes of opportunity -- thieves are checking doors to see if they're unlocked, and if they are they'll find things like ipads." while vehicles were burglarized more frequently, the amount of stolen vehicles in the city actually decreased substantially. only three vehicles were reported stolen in december , and only vehicles were reported stolen in the city all of last year, the lowest amount since . in , by comparison, 100 vehicles were reported stolen in the city. besides the crime rates, bruce also reported on two initiatives the police department undertook in the past year -- the use of vehicles with specialized cameras to document criminal vehicles and a specialized patrolman who monitored a single neighborhood last year. in the latter case, the patrolman monitored the community to improve connections and find out how residents interacted with the police department. "that officer responded only to rolling brook drive," bruce said. "he's developing relationships with the residents of that community, trying to see if they're opening up to us, and so far it seems that they are."
__label__non_math	1.0000	the miss aquafest royalty with may vern little and aquafest president the miss aquafest pageant is taking place june -with the final pageant on sunday, june at the lake stevens performing arts center located at the lake stevens high school. the doors open at p.m. and the opening number for the final pageant is at p.m. please join us as our panel of five qualified judges make the difficult choices in selecting the new miss aquafest royalty. the new royalty will represent aquafest in seven parades and many other community experiences such as night out against crime, halloween bootacular and showcase lake stevens. the royalty also participate and raise funds and awareness for charities through walking events such as: relay for life of lake stevens, walk for ms, march for babies and making strides against breast cancer. the miss aquafest royalty has received the president s volunteer service award for their involvement in communities throughout snohomish county two years in a row. please join us at the miss aquafest pageant and cheer on the beautiful, charming, and talented contestants vying for one of the seven coveted titles. aquafest inc. believes that these young ladies are all royalty and provide all of the contestants with a crown and finalist banner. these remarkable miss aquafest finalists are invited to participate in all of the aforementioned events. if you have any questions or would like further information go to the aquafest website at or email the pageant director at email
__label__non_math	0.9999	our favorite veggie bloggers, the hot knives, bring a double-edged sword to the holiday table, with a recipe for kohlrabi latkes that puts a wonderfully inventive spin on hanukkah s traditional potato pancake plus a white christmas beer and cheese pairing event at eagle rock brewery. on the jolly st. nick side, the blogger boys have quite a few white beers and cheesy goodies up their sleeves for you to try, and at per person, it s a steal. per the lovely ting su at eagle rock brewery: - bayerischer bahnhof berliner-style weisse gose paired with bohemian creamery's bodacious a soft funky goat cheese - eagle rock brewery's manifesto witbier paired with andeerer traum world cheese cup champion, cow - anchorage brewing's galaxy white ipa paired with beaufort chalet d'alpage amazing french gruy re-style cheese, cow - unibroue's don de dieu wheat tripel paried with cremont creamy goat cow blend from vermont - the bruery's white chocolate an ber-rare barrel-aged wheatwine with cacao nibs and vanilla beans paired with jasper hill creamery s bayley hazen blue white christmas, thursday, december , to p.m. eagle rock brewery, roswell st., eagle rock, eaglerockbrewery.com rsvp here or via 323 257- and on the menorah end of the equation, hot knives still got ya covered, with this awesome gem: kohlrabi latkes with beet carpaccio recipe adapted from the hot knives vegetarian cookbook: salad daze candy-stripe beets tablespoon olive oil teaspoon apple cider vinegar teaspoon water teaspoon smoked salt cup plus tablespoons grapeseed oil large russet potato cup chopped parsley tablespoons cr me fra che teaspoon minced chives tablespoons spiced applesauce or slices pickled apples sea salt and fresh black pepper . begin by roasting the two beets. preheat the oven to 350 f; trim the beets tips and base and wrap them in aluminum foil. once the oven is hot, place the foil package inside and cook for about minutes. once steamy and fork tender, remove foil, and let beets cool for minutes. . using the aluminum foil to keep your hands clean, rub the skins off and brush the beets free of any clinging peel. using a mandoline, thinly slice the beets into a large mixing bowl and dress with oil, vinegar, salt, and water, tossing to combine. place in a sealed container and refrigerate at least an hour, or up to several days. . prepare a kohlrabi puree. peel and chop one of the kohlrabi and place in a small saucepot filled with water on high heat. bring to a rolling boil and cook for to minutes, or until fork tender. remove the kohlrabi piece, pat dry, and pulse in a food processor while adding the two tablespoons of grapeseed oil until it forms an evenly whipped puree. . peel and grate the remaining raw kohlrabi and potato on a box grater. use immediately to prevent browning by combining with the cooked kohlrabi puree and chopped parsley in a large bowl. mix well by hand. . fill a very large, heavy-bottomed pan with one cup of oil and place on high heat for several minutes. once hot, form a couple latkes by cupping together with your hands and patting gently to form a inch-thick cake. fry a couple at a time, letting them cook undisturbed for to minutes or until you see the potato shreds browning nicely. season liberally with salt and freshly ground black pepper. flip gingerly. after cooking another minutes, flip once more to ensure they ve cooked evenly without burning. remove and let cool on a paper towel. repeat until all your latkes are done. . plate the kohlrabi latkes and top with a dollop of cr me fra che, or slices of beet carpaccio, and applesauce. garnish with minced chives. medium apples cup filtered water cinnamon stick cup apple cider vinegar tablespoons white sugar tablespoon kosher salt . wash apples and pat dry. slice each apple lengthwise into to round slices, flicking the seeds out of the middle. arrange the slice in a clean, quart-sized jar. . prepare the pickling liquid. bring the water to a boil in a medium-sized pot. . meanwhile, slice the jalape o lengthwise, from the stem to the tip, into four long slivers and break the cinnamon stick in half. place the jalape o, cloves, and cinnamon pieces into the jar. . once the water hits a rolling boil, add the apple cider vinegar, salt, and sugar. stir to dissolve, then quickly pour over the apples. the liquid should cover them. place a small saucer or ramekin on top of the apples to limit their exposure to the air. place in the fridge for at least one day and use within to weeks.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the wildcats didn't crown a regional champion for the first time in several years but they did get four wrestlers through to the class 2a state tournament that starts on thursday, feb. at the pepsi center in denver. headed to state for holly will be freshman brendon crum, who placed third in the regional at 113; junior cole burns, third at 120; sophomore ryan nordyke, fourth at 132; junior austin palmer, fourth at 152; and senior sy donaldson, fourth at 160. nordyke and donaldson were both challenged before they could secure their berths to the state tournament. nordyke won an -decision over luke loflin of baca county to lock up his trip to state, while donaldson posted a pin over jourdan ellis of calhan to earn his first trip to the big show. also placing in the regional for the wildcats was junior christian orozoco, fifth at 126 and sophomore haydden humburg, sixth at 138.
__label__non_math	0.9998	even though he's just a poor orphaned boy, it's a well-known fact that there's no greater firefighter than olaf oedwards, a.k.a. "kid firechief" "weissman may have drawn a story about kids that reads well for kids, but he delivers a powerful and tear-jerking message to adults in the end." movie poop shoot "for readers born years late, the kid firechief is an excellent throwback to the pulp adventure serials of the '40s and '50s." resonance
__label__non_math	1.0000	east lancashire teaching unions to take on exam board over gcse marking fiasco from lancashire telegraph when news happens, text lt and your photos and videos to . or contact us by email or phone. east lancashire teaching unions to take on exam board over gcse marking fiasco tuesday 30th october in news teaching unions have launched a legal challenge against the exam board in charge of this year s gcse marking fiasco. the national union of teachers and a coalition of unions, teachers professional bodies, local councils and schools have formally issued high court proceedings against ofqual, and exam boards aqa and edexcel papers will be served on these three defendants with the aim of a speedy hearing. the claim is a comprehensive legal challenge to the marking of this year s english gcses. the complainants believe the candidates have been unfairly marked down in an effort to curb grade inflation without warning to teachers or pupils. christine blower, general secretary of the nut, said: it is a dreadful shame that it has come to this. the education secretary should have taken the lead from wales and re-graded this year s english gcses. the nut, as part of a coalition of other interested parties, has been left with no option but to try and redress through the courts the great injustice suffered this year by schools and pupils. comments are closed on this article.
__label__non_math	1.0000	when news happens, text lt and your photos and videos to . or contact us by email or phone. retail giant peel holdings in hyndburn council court threat the firm behind a controversial out-of-town retail development has threatened a local authority with legal action unless it drops its opposition to the plans. peel holdings has told hyndburn council it will seek a high court review next month if it continues to reject its bid for a planning permission to open new, larger stores at the whitebirk retail park on the edge of blackburn and rishton. the plans have been opposed by shopkeepers, councillors concerned at the impact it would have on accrington and blackburn town centres. last week peel wrote to hyndburn council urging it to reconsider its refusal to lift existing restrictions on trading in goods such as fashion, food and footwear in a final attempt to resolve the dispute voluntarily. but the firm warned that if this failed it would seek a judicial review in the high court next month. the firm argued that smaller planning permissions taken together meant the original agreement between the company and the council was no longer valid and should be lifted despite previously failing to overturn the ban at a public inquiry. last week mr straw attacked peel s conduct in a special parliamentary debate and said the firm had used planning procedures in a way that amounted to calculated deceit . mr jones said: this is just predatory capitalism. peel want to develop whitebirk regardless of the effect on businesses and jobs in blackburn and accrington town centres. a spokesperson for peel holdings said it had the support of local residents and invested heavily in blackburn and hyndburn. leader of hyndburn borough council miles parkinson said the authority would vigorously defend its decision. comments are closed on this article.
__label__non_math	1.0000	when news happens, text lt and your photos and videos to . or contact us by email or phone. bleasdale wins european gold saturday 2nd march in sport pole vaulter holly bleasdale has won the european championships indoor gold medal in sweden this evening. the blackburn harrier triumphed in the pole vault following a dramatic jump-off with defending champion anna rogowska after both athletes had failed with three attempts at .metres and could not be separated on countback. bleasdale, britain's first ever european pole vault champion, revealed she initially thought she had finished second. "i knew they did them jump-offs but i've never ever been in one before," said the -year-old, who was sixth at the london olympics but came into the competition as number one in europe. "i thought i had just come second so i was waving to the crowd and then they told me i had to do a jump-off. "i didn't really know what one was but i am glad we did it. we had the option to share the gold medal or do a jump-off and i wanted to do a jump-off. i wanted the gold medal to myself. "i was in the moment and felt really good and felt if i got my jump together i could clear the bar easily." bleasdale and rogowska both failed with one more attempt at .72m in the jump-off, with the bar then lowered to .67m. rogowska suffered another failure but bleasdale took her chance with a fine clearance to seal victory. team captain and room-mate jenny meadows, who celebrated with bleasdale on the track after reaching the 800m final on her return from an -month injury lay-off, said: "i talked to holly beforehand about lots of different scenarios but we didn't talk about a jump-off. "but she did brilliantly. she is really naive in a lovely way. when i was younger i over-analysed things but holly's not like that. she's got so much talent. she believes she can jump .20m in her career and i believe her." comments are closed on this article.
__label__non_math	0.9999	when news happens, text lt and your photos and videos to . or contact us by email or phone. lancashire league sunday action: bracewell is brilliant in win sunday 22nd april in sport adam bracewell smashed a brilliant 151 not out as enfield made light of the shocking weather on the opening day of the foster's lancashire league season. with five games called off without a ball being bowled, the only action came at accrington and colne, where enfield's bracewell was simply stunning. his explosive knock, and from pro werner coetsee, helped enfield to 301-from overs. and that was far too many for colne, even given an interruption for hailstones on the horsfield. they closed on -and their 108-run rain adjusted target loss david ormerod claimed a five-wicket haul as accrington beat the elements and east lancashire to start their campaign on a high. a huge mopping up operation at thorneyholme road saw the game start shortly before with overs per side. accrington posted 119-from their overs and in reply east lancs closed on -with ormerod starting the campaign well. the games at bacup, ramsbottom, haslingden, nelson and church were abandoned. comments are closed on this article.
__label__non_math	0.9996	when news happens, text lt and your photos and videos to . or contact us by email or phone. appleton ready for moves in the transfer market michael appleton is planning a swift move into the transfer market after admitting his blackburn rovers side needs some freshening up . the rovers boss will be working hard attempting to bring fresh faces into ewood, with a couple of departures also on the cards. appleton is also hopeful of adding to his staff behind the scenes, with fitness coach chris neville expected to arrive from portsmouth, together with the likely appointment of former pompey head of recruitment luke dowling. appleton will be hoping to add before tomorrow s visit of brighton but that is likely to depend on the success of freeing up the wage bill with gael givet s move away finally happening. appleton said: i would like to think we can move quickly in the transfer market. i think it will give everyone a lift,players, staff and supporters if there are two or three new faces in there. luke is a scout and is someone i rate very, very highly. there are a couple of different avenues we will be looking to improve and we will keep you informed if anything changes. rovers entertain brighton in the championship tomorrow night, looking to respond to saturday s dismal -defeat to charlton. as a group of people we have to collectively pick ourselves up, dust ourselves down and look forward to the challenge ahead, because it is certainly a big one, said appleton. they don t get any tougher than brighton because of the way we play. they are a very, very good footballing side, they probably pass the ball more than any other team in the division. they are difficult to play against but it is an opportunity. it is an opportunity for the players to make sure they respond in a positive manner and hopefully they will do. there is no time to shirk your responsibility, you are professional and you have to take the responsibility that comes with it. we have some good games coming up, a really really tough game against one of the best sides in the division in brighton. so it is one the players have to take on board and look forward to. appleton quit blackpool after just two months in charge to become rovers boss less than a fortnight ago. and he admits the pressures are different at ewood park but believes the challenge has to be relished. he said: there is a difference in terms of the size of the clubs and the pressures that goes with it and the demands of the supporters, but surely that is a good thing? as a footballer, you don t want to be known as mediocre, you don t want to be involved in something that is average, you want to strive to better yourself all the time and you want to strive to be competitive. i am sure there are going to be times over the coming weeks and months where we really enjoy what we are seeing and doing. it is going to take a lot of turning around, you can see that, but i think there are enough players in the dressing room who have what we need and, with new fresh faces, change of personnel in certain areas of the pitch. comments are closed on this article.
__label__non_math	0.9980	in a bold move, google has decided to sue the us government because they feel they were unfairly excluded from a m contract to over haul their email systems. the law suit says that google feels the terms of the contract make it impossible for them to offer their products; despite the fact it was told there would be full and open competition and its google apps could provide an equal if not better service. google was supposedly told that only microsoft s business software could be used. google had produced a special version of its apps for government systems to address all the security issues, but the department for the interior claimed the product did not comply with their security requirements. google is not happy. but what does all this have to with you and your business? one of the major arguments google has lead with, after the apparent favouring of microsoft, is that their system would cost a lot less than that of microsoft. with ,000 staff the department for the interior, a few dollars saved on each unit could make a big difference. this saving could then be passed on to citizens and businesses. also, you may well have a business that interacts regularly with the department of the interior, so you may be forced to take up a compatible, more costly system to stay in business. one of the main things google is doing this for, and let s just agree that they don t need the money is to stand up for fairness. if google really does have a superior product, and the agency just chose not to bother changing their provider or something, surely this is setting a bad example for all business ethics across the country. if the government doesn t need to be fair, why does any business need to be fair? google is standing up for your rights as much as their own. certainly, a level playing field is something that lancore strongly agree with. we strive to provide the highest quality of online credit card processing to all our clients with the most secure payment gateways. how fair would it be if we reserved a better service for privileged customers? allowing a business to have unfair benefits within an industry is something that has cropped up in legal battles for google and microsoft in the past. the real story here is not google suing the us government, its google s immortal battle with microsoft. this battle holds no bars, has no rules and is only after one thing above all: more customers. if microsoft is seen to win in this situation, some customers ,000 in fact will use this at work, and then will probably use them at home and show them to their friends. if google can use every weapon in their legal arsenal to get those customers, it will. would your business choose microsoft or google? do you know what your customers prefer? knowing your customers and if they prefer one system over another could well be a key to more sales.
__label__math	0.7621	basic research paper a short linear motif in bnip3l nix mediates mitochondrial clearance in reticulocytes volume , issue purchase or subscribe pages - : nix, slim, autophagy, mitophagy, reticulocyte authors: ji zhang, melanie r. loyd, mindy s. randall, m. brett waddell, richard w. kriwacki and paul a. ney view affiliations elimination of defective mitochondria is essential for the health of long-lived, postmitotic cells. to gain insight into this process, we examined programmed mitochondrial clearance in reticulocytes. bnip3l is a mitochondrial outer membrane protein that is required for clearance. it has been suggested that bnip3l functions by causing mitochondrial depolarization, activating autophagy, or engaging the autophagy machinery. here we showed in mice that bnip3l activity localizes to a small region in its cytoplasmic domain, the minimal essential region mer . the mer is a novel sequence, which comprises three contiguous hydrophobic amino acid residues, and flanking charged residues. mutation of the central leucine residue causes complete loss of bnip3l activity, and prevents rescue of mitochondrial clearance. structural bioinformatics analysis predicts that the bnip3l cytoplasmic domain lacks stable tertiary structure, but that the mer forms an -helix upon binding to another protein. these findings support an adaptor model of bnip3l, centered on the mer. received: ; accepted: ; published online: full text - ahead of print available - log in
__label__non_math	0.9072	the movimento dos trabalhadores rurais sem terra, or movement of the landless rural workers the mst , was formally created at the primeiro encontro de trabalhadores sem terra first meeting of landless workers , which took place from january -, , in cascavel, in the state of paran , in the south of brazil. today, the mst is organized in states and pursues the same objectives defined at this meeting and ratified at the first national conference at curitiba, paran , in : to fight for land, and exploited. since its creation, the mst has included in its political agenda the fight for schools and the discussion on what kind of school should be a part of the life of the sem terra family. this article discusses the pedagogical lessons that we can learn from the historical experience of the mst. before introducing some of these, however, it is important to situate the context that allows us to think of a social movement of farm workers as a place that may have lessons to offer on the processes of human the mst came into its seventeenth year of existence reflecting deeply on two of the great tasks that were defined throughout its history: first, to help put an end to the "mortal sin" of the latifundium, decentralizing the lands of this immense country, brazil, and making them socially productive; and second, to help humanize people, to develop human beings with dignity, identity, and a project for the future. this second task, perhaps the one that the mst has accomplished best since its undertaking, is what causes us to think more directly of the educational dimension of the movement. the educational work of the mst has three main dimensions: first, the recovery of the dignity of thousands of families who once again have roots and purpose. the poor in everything have become citizens: people with rights, people who work, study, produce, are a part of their communities, and who, in their daily challenges, set a new agenda of discussion for this country. the second dimension is the building of a collective identity, one which goes beyond each person, family, and settlement. the identity of the sem terra landless , and the capital letters without a hyphen, like a proper name that identifies those who are no longer individuals who lack something have no land land-less but are individuals with a choice that of fighting for more social justice and dignity for all. this places each member of sem terra, through his her participation in the mst, in a movement that is related to the re-encounter of humanity with itself. the third dimension is building the educational project of different generations of the sem terra family, one that combines schooling viewing the history of the mst in this perspective, we encounter some pedagogical lessons, or how the proponents of a social struggle and a collectivity in movement deal with, and are concerned with, education. these lessons can help us reflect on each of our own educational practices, including those that we undertake in the schools. reflecting on these lessons, we may begin to understand something even more profound: the mst has a pedagogy, that is, it has a praxis combined theory and practice of how people are educated, of how human beings develop. the pedagogy of the sem terra movement is the way through which the movement has historically developed the social individual of the name sem terra, and has daily educated the people who are part of it. and the main educational principle of this pedagogy is the movement itself, a movement that unites diverse pedagogies, and in a special way unites the pedagogy of social struggle with the pedagogy of the land and the pedagogy of history, each one helping to make an imprint on our identity, m stica, project. sem terra is the name of one who fights for the people who have roots in the land the land that is won, tilled, cared for and in the movement this is the main discussion we have today in the mst with our educators: how to make of the pedagogy of the movement a reference for our practice and our thought. to be an educator in the mst is to succeed in understanding the educational dimension of the movement s actions, making them a mirror for its educational practices. it is a reference viewpoint to aid in discerning the limits and challenges of these practices. a mirror also educates our viewpoint to see beyond the mst, beyond the sem terra. the pedagogy of the movement takes shape in a dialogue with other educators, other students, and other pedagogical movements. it was precisely in the interaction with people and works concerned with human development that we managed to think about the mst as a pedagogical subject. from this new synthesis, we continue our dialogue with theories and practices of human development, along with specific thinking on the educational environment of our schools. from this dialogue with the movement s practices and the thinking on human development throughout the history of humanity, an initial result regards the very concept of education. when we discuss practices of humanizing the field-workers as a product of education, we are in fact recovering an essential link to the work in education: to educate is to humanize, to cultivate learning to be a the mst works all the time at the limit between humanization and dehumanization; its struggle is that of life or death for thousands of people, who make their participation in the movement a tool for re-learning to be human. this is the day-to-day task of the education of the sem terra in each march, each camp, each settlement and it is this same day-to-day practice that shows that the task is necessary and possible; that the adults and the aged s nearly lost humanity can be recovered through learning, and that it is even more necessary and possible to help in this learning from childhood. from this conception of education, there are pedagogical lessons we have managed to derive in this reflective counterpoint among the daily life of the mst, the diverse theories and practices on human development, and the concerns with how to educate the sem terra. these are lessons that also help us think and rethink the curriculum and the educational environment of our schools. . people are the greatest value produced and cultivated by the mst the movement is the way that people collectively produce the sem terra identity and carry out the struggle for agrarian reform that is the root and strength of this identity. at times of the most acute social conflict, such as those we live through today, this is even more visible: it is on the people, on each one of them, that resistance depends, as well as the determination of the proposals, the conduct that persists as an image for society, the continuity in the face of the fiercest conflicts, the identity. the mst has succeeded in arriving at its seventeenth year because it has learned to value every person who is a part of its organization, and because it has defined human development as one of its main priorities. as educators, we need to be clear about what is in question every time we meet and dedication as human beings, and as members of an organization that fights needs to be thought of in the perspective of a great educational effort, which makes us responsible, interested, and committed. we need to reflect always on some basic questions: what human being are we helping to develop through our practice? is there coherence with the humanity that the mst struggle has been producing and planning for throughout its history? and those we educate: what human being do they see when they look at themselves and their settlement companions? have our educational practices helped them to value themselves as persons and take on the collective identity they help . people are educated by learning to be one of the things that often calls attention to the mst s actions is the self-respect of the people who take part in it. this self-respect, or feeling of dignity, is produced to the extent that these people learn to be sem terra and to be proud of that name. and on taking on this social, collective identity we are sem terra, we are of the mst these people gradually discover dimensions of their personal and collective identity, as well: i m a woman, i m black, i m a rural worker, i m young, i m an educator they are new individuals who are formed and begin to demand their place in the world, in history; they know they can and ought to fight for the right to be human wherever they are, with or against whomever they are. this returns us to the notion that this is an essential human task of learning: to look in the mirror of what we are and want to be, to take on personal and collective identities, to be proud of them, at the same time we are challenged build and strengthen identities, to draw faces, to form subjects. and this has everything to do with values, way of life, memory, culture. . people are educated in the actions they perform and the works they produce the mst forms the sem terra by putting them in a movement, which means in permanent action, action with the dynamic of a social struggle: occupations, encampments, marches, demonstrations of solidarity, the building of a new kind of life in the settlements, schools, activities of development. it is through such action that they learn that nothing is impossible to change, not even people, their propensities, their positions, their ways of life, their values. people are educated in action because it is the movement of action that molds the way to becoming human. actions produce and are produced through social relations: that is, they set in motion another fundamental pedagogical element, which is the interaction between people, how they behave among each other, which is measured by the tools inherited from those who have produced other tools before culture . in these relations, people show who they are, and at the same time they construct and revise their identities, their way of being. we are speaking of any action, or of acting for acting s sake, without any intentionality. we are speaking of action that produces works material or not that become the mirror in which people can see what they are or even want to be; and we are speaking mainly of work and the material production of our existence. there is no true education without action, without work, and without collective works. and, as the children remind us, there is also no education without games and play, which can also be thought of as collective action producing works. . people are educated by producing and reproducing culture the actions of the sem terra are loaded with cultural meanings that they learn to produce and express. in an occupation, on a march, or in the organization of a settlement, there appears not only what these families of workers are today, or at this particular moment. every action brings together with it the way of being human that these people bear, the developing weight of the objective circumstances of their whole previous existence and the type of education they have received or lived. at the same time, their collective action is also usually the negation of certain traditions that have marked their lives up to now, and the projection of values they learn or re-learn in the pedagogical process of the movement. the mst s expressions, symbols, art, way of struggle, embody a cultural moment that neither begins nor ends at the moment of action. each landless person who enters the mst also enters a world already productive of symbols, expressions, human examples, values, which, with each action, s he learns to signify and resignify. one of the great pedagogical challenges of the mst with its social base has been precisely to help people make a new cultural synthesis, one that joins their past, present, and future in a new, rooted collective and personal identity. to live as if one struggles, to struggle as if one lives this is a coherent position that has been seen as necessary to the movement s aims of social transformation, as well as in its permanent conflicts and challenges. memory, m stica, discussion of values, criticism and self-criticism, the study of history, these are some cultural tools that the movement has been using in this construction. we can reflect then that to educate is to also to share meanings and tools of culture jerome bruner s expression, in arroyo . it is to help people in the learning of signfying and resignifying their actions, in such a way that they may transform them into values, behavior, convictions, customs, expressions, symbols, art, that is, into a way of life chosen and reflected by the collectivity of which they form a part. this means, among other things, that to educate people is help to cultivate their memory; it is to become acquainted and reacquainted with their symbols, expressions, words; it is to situate them in a wider cultural and historical universe; it is to work with different languages, organize different moments and modes so that people may think about their practices, their roots, their plans, their lives . people are educated by living values values are a fundamental dimension of culture; they are the principles of life, that for which we consider it worth living. values are what move our practices, our life, our being human. values are what produce in people the need to live for the sake of freedom and justice. values are what move the striving of the sem terra to make their settlements utopian communities, consistent the mst has been very concerned with the cultivation of values, because it knows that it is the values, translated into culture, that it will leave as a heritage to its descendants and the new generations of those who fight for the people. and values only exist through people, their experiences, positions, convictions. and they are not born with each one: they are learned, cultivated through the collective processes of development, of education. for the mst, this has not been an easy battle: to recover and cultivate human values like solidarity, loyalty, the spirit of sacrifice for the collective well-being, companionship, seriousness, discipline, indignation in the face of injustices, the valuing of the sem terra identity, humility - in a society that day by day degenerates with the counter-values of individualism, consumerism, social apathy, lack of commitment to life, the exclusion of those who take part in social struggles but it is only by taking on the job of educating and re-educating people in its values that the mst can realize the project of . people are educated by learning how to solve problems in the actions of a social struggle knowledge is acquired and produced, and it is a very important dimension of the strategy for the humanization of the people. but one of the pedagogical lessons we have gleaned from the day-to-day life of the movement is that the process of producing knowledge that effectively aids in the development of the person is that which is connected to the large and small questions of life. when a sem terra needs to know how to calculate an area in order to measure the land where his agro-villa will be settled, or when he needs to study geography to best choose the place for an occupation, this knowledge will certainly have more human and social density for him. when a sem terra child learns how to measure the materials that she needs to begin building her playground, or learns to write letters to people she likes, the same thing occurs. the expression "to know is to solve," from the cuban educator jos mart , brings us to an even more radical question: it suggests to us that there is no true knowledge outside of concrete situations, or the solution to problems of "real" life. and it really seems to be so, especially when this question is put into the context of pedagogical processes. to educate is to socialize knowledge and is also the tool for producing knowledge that affects people s lives in their various dimensions of identity and universality. to learn in order to solve problems means to understand knowledge as a comprehension of reality in order to transform it, comprehension of the human condition in order to make it fuller, which is a very old lesson that the pedagogy of the movement is merely recovering. . people are educated by learning from the past to plan for the future it was in this way that the movement made itself as it is: learning from those who had struggled before, cultivating the memory of their own path. history is made in this way: planning for the future beginning with the lessons of the past cultivated in the present. the land holds the roots , says one of the mst s songs. education also must hold the roots, helping to cultivate the memory of the people and in the development of historical consciousness. educators have a very specific task for this: their meetings with their learners can be a privileged time for learning to cultivate the collective memory, and the memory of the debts to the people that were not paid, the wounds that were not healed, is not erased. it is necessary to educate every sem terra family so that their rural roots, their culture, and how these roots take part in the formation of the brazilian people, are not forgotten, so that all the sem terra may learn how they came to the condition of being rural landless workers, and how they have many other brothers all over the world in a similar condition, who are also carrying on a struggle for the land and for agrarian reform as we are. and as educators we also need to learn from this memory and its cultivation, not to remain imprisoned in the past, but, on the contrary, to set it in motion and plan for the future what is best for everyone. . people are educated in collectivities the mst is a collectivity. and in it the sem terra learn that the collective is the great subject of the struggle for land as well as its great educator. nobody gets his her land by him herself; the occupations, the encampments, the settlements are collective works. the force of each person is in his roots, which is his part in a collectivity with a memory and project people are educated not alone, but in relation to others which potentializes their own singular, unique person. people do not learn to be human by themselves. without the bonds of their participation in collectives they cannot go forward to a fully human condition. uprooted people are dehumanized people, who do not recognize themselves in any past and have no project for the future. to educate is to help root people in strong collectives; it is to potentialize social, human harmony in the construction of identities, values, knowledge, feelings. an educational environment is fundamentally an educational collective, moved and planned by teachers, but shared by all of its members. in a true collective, all are at the same time educators and educated, because all are a part of the process of learning and re-learning to be human. . the educator educates by conduct the educator educates by conduct much more than by words. the strength of the mst is not in its speeches, but in its actions and in the positions of the sem terra who make them happen. it is the practices and the conduct of the collective that educates the people who take part in the movement or live with it. it is for this reason that in the mst we have as educational references people like paulo freire and che guevara. they were not educators only for what they said or wrote, but through the testimony of the consistency between what they thought, said, and effectively did and were, as persons and as militants in the causes of the people. to be an educator is, therefore, a way of being, a way of being with the people that is a living message of values, convictions, feelings, of a conscience that moves us and that we claim to defend in our organization. it is to have a complete committment, which is not easy. only a collective can help us in the process of criticism and self-criticism, in the calls and in the affections that show us when we are vacillating and also show us the right path so that we may return individuals are not only formed in school. there are other experiences that produce even stronger learning. the pedagogy of the movement is not contained by the school, because neither the movement nor human development is contained by it. but the school is a part of the movement and its pedagogy, so much so that historically the mst has tenaciously fought so that all the sem terra may have access to schools. the school that is a part of the pedagogy of the movement is the one that returns to its original task: taking part in human to think of the school as a workshop of human development means to think of it as a place where the educational process or the process of human development occurs in an intentionally planned way, conducted and thought about for this purpose, a process that is guided by a project for society and the human being, and is sustained by the presence of people with specific knowledge for the work of education, by the sincere co-operation of everyone who is there to learn and to teach, and by the permanent link with other social practices that have begun and continue this work. the expression also helps us to rethink the pedagogical logic, or the pedagogical method of the school. we claim that the school is not only a place for teaching, and that a method of education is not the same as a method of teaching. it is necessary to plan various pedagogical strategies in view of the different kinds of learning that make up the complex process of human development. in a school conceived as a workshop of human development, educators are architects, organizers, and stimulators of the educational environment. this demands great sensitivity and mastery of the arts of pedagogy to form the schools from a clear perception of how the educational process is developing in each student and in the collectivity as a whole; to perceive the contradictions and not be overwhelmed by them, but to work with them pedagogically; to be aware of what dimensions need to be emphasized at one moment or another, what type of actions need to be performed and with what contents, what relations need to be worked on and at what time. it is a very important kind of learning: one needs to be humble enough to place oneself always in the situation of an apprentice of the process, as apprentices that we all are, of this complex art of building humanity, of which the mst also has a part, albeit but a small one. arroyo, m. g. of cio de mestre. petr polis: vozes, . caldart, r. s. pedagogia do movimento sem terra. petr polis: caldart, r. s. a pedagogia da luta pela terra: o movimento social como princ pio educativo, trabalho solicitado pela 23a reuni o anual da anped, trabalho movimentos sociais e educa o, . freire, p. pedagogia da indigna o. s o paulo: editora da unesp, . mart , j. ide rio pedag gico. havana: imprensa nacional de cuba, . stedile, j. p. e fernandes, b. m. brava gente: a trajet ria do mst e a luta pela terra no brasil. s o paulo: funda o perseu abramo, .
__label__non_math	1.0000	prices and availability are subject to change from the time and date that you print this page. :. for customer service, please call 800.933. sometimes, you just have to stop and smell the roses. and other times, you just have to sit down and make your own using a do-it-yourself paper flower kit. eggplant paper flowers kit "wx8"h - nod exclusive - each pack includes three pipe cleaner stems and two different colored crepe papers, enough to make three flowers - easy instructions included at the land of nod, nothing is more important to us than providing safe, high-quality products to you and your family. we believe that kids products should be able to handle everything kids throw their way literally and figuratively . that s why all of our products have an -year quality guarantee. and, hopefully, your kids will no longer be sleeping in bunk beds by then. despair keys you gave me don't work. paper flowers kit
__label__non_math	1.0000	prices and availability are subject to change from the time and date that you print this page. :. for customer service, please call 800.933. naturepedic's versatile in organic cotton ultra mattress grows with your child. it combines a polyethylene waterproof side for training toddlers with a plush, quilted side for big kids. twin naturepedic in organic mattress "wx75"dx8"h - meets or exceeds all u.s. government standards show 'em what you're made of cereal pleasure to meet you.
__label__non_math	0.9993	touring the most visited tourism recreation area in guyana by ruel johnson tourism awareness month in guyana ends today. two sundays ago, as one of its promotion initiatives during the month, the ministry of tourism, industry and commerce invited the media on a media tour of resorts along the soesdyke-linden highway. the following is a brief account of the tour: the members of the various media houses were asked to assemble at the ministry's south road headquarters at the ungodly hour of quarter to ten on a sunday morning. there we were joined by donna short-gill and two tourism students. when representatives of all but two of the invited media houses had turned up, we all were herded to the ministry's posh looking boardroom. the bright and multi-portfolioed shyam nokta, this time in his avatar as technical consultant to the minister of tourism, that is , entered and began to give us a run down of what we were there for. the soesdyke-linden corridor it was a bit jarring to hear the soesdyke-linden highway referred to as the soesdyke-linden corridor, but that's exactly what it is. the road, the country's only true highway, was built by the u.s. firm, b.b. mc. cormick sons inc. between , at a cost of around u.s. million and was officially declared open the year after completion. according to shyam, today the -mile-long corridor is arguably the most visited tourism and recreation area in guyana. it hosts a number of resorts and creeks which offer a range of fun and exciting activities. the corridor's popularity, said shyam, stemmed from both the accessibility and affordability of the various recreational sites that can be found on either side of this roadway. in addition to this, the highway serves as a crucial lifeline and link between guyana's coastal strip and its vast, largely unexplored hinterland. says shyam, the road has served as a catalyst for development and economic activity along its route, some of which "do not necessarily contribute to the tourism product." explaining further, he mentioned incidents where one type of economic activity has had a negative impact on nearby tourist sites. the consultant introduced the idea of a land-zoning programme which would identify different areas for different types of economic or developmental activities, lessening or eradicating conflict. we were to visit three resorts during the day: emerald towers, splashmins fun park, and the less heard of marudi resort, in that order. amazingly, the tour bus departed the ministry at the scheduled time. perhaps sensing that something was amiss, the rain decided to put on its best torrential downpour mood. as the bus made its way up the east bank, the rain-shrouded river began, at least for this reporter, to conjure up bits of old song and poetry about rivers. ian mcdonald's contemplation on the essequibo came to mind. i made a small note to myself: put forward the proposal to the ministry of tourism, industry and commerce of a tourism awareness campaign centred on ads mixing stark images of local scenes with excerpts from poetry. travelling in a bus on a rainy sunday with members of the media isn't as boring as some might think it would be. when all those usually very polished, perfect-tongued, genteel people let their hair down, they really let their hair down. since much of what was engaged in would be classed as either locker room jokes or probably gutter humour, there is no possibility of any of it being repeated here. suffice it to say, the little dec salt jingle played a prominent role during one stretch of the trip. again, miraculously the bus arrived at emerald towers at the scheduled time. there the journalists were met by the resort's owner and manager, mr. frank singh. singh gave us a brief but comprehensive introduction to the resort. emerald towers sits on 167 acres of land roughly two per cent or .acres houses the resort proper. this consists of one main building - which houses a recreation area, small library and dormitory - and eight cabins. the cabins feature nicely crafted furniture, bathrooms and bedrooms. while we were exploring one a bat fluttered about; all part of the nature experience, joked singh. singh said that the resort has a maximum capacity for about persons, although one vso british volunteer services overseas conference saw over persons flocking to emerald towers, most of whom brought tents. he says that usual peak capacity for the resort is usually around per cent occupancy, and that normally takes place during the july-august period. the remaining land is largely part rainforest, part savannah and is used by singh for the canoeing, trail-walking and bird-watching activities he has for his guests. singh says that his property is home to around different species of birds. on the nature walks, the animals that can possibly be sighted are the labba, agouti and savannah dear. people, singh said, come to emerald towers for many different reasons: church groups usually use the resort for seminars and outings; it has been rented for wedding ceremonies, and, naturally, honeymoons as well; or families just visit them for day trips. one problem singh has recently encountered related to what shyam nokta said earlier about the need for land zoning along the corridor. one entrepreneur had set up a chicken farm adjacent to singh's property. due to the sort of hazardous waste matter that large-scale poultry rearing usually produces, there was the danger of the farmer's business having a direct and harmful impact on what singh strives to upkeep as a nature-friendly resort. singh was forced to seek legal action, and a cease order was placed on the farmer's activities, pending an epa assessment. also featured on the short tour were a few plants that the amerindians make use of for tapestry, food and medicine but which nobody in the learned media corps possessed any knowledge of. not far from where the trail led back to the resort was a ninth cabin that singh had condemned. he explained that bats were proving a pest problem so he left that one cabin unoccupied. the bats gravitated toward the abandoned cabin. singh said that he had only really learnt that bat dung or guano was used in making women's facial care products. back at the main building, singh treated us to a sumptuous buffet lunch, after which there was an hour left for idle chat, semi-serious discussion, an informal table tennis championship and, in the case of one cameraman still beaten from an all-night soca and chutney therapy, a getaway nap on one of the beds in the dormitory. we left emerald towers just a couple of minutes after the scheduled time leaving. hrs approximately we arrived at splashmins fun resort where we were greeted by none other than the owner himself, mr. lennox john. john began by giving us a bit of background on splashmins. he said that construction began at the fun park in june of and that splashmins was officially opened in april of . john said that splashmins was born out of what he considered the typical run of the mill creek outing experience that he knew locally and his observations of other resorts in his travels abroad. he sees splashmins as a marriage of concepts, the local and the foreign, designed to give guyanese a maximum in the sun, fun and water experience for the family. john says that he employs around persons at splashmins, two-thirds of whom are construction staff. splashmins is still expanding to what the owner says is his complete vision for the place. if all goes well with john's plan, the year will see splashmins housing a 260-room hotel, a horse racing course, jet-boating, camping ground at the other side of the creek across from the present buildings, an orchard, an access road leading off the soesdyke-linden highway and a parking lot capable of holding 300 vehicles, all spread out over his 250 acres of land. if all that sounds a bit far-fetched, it isn't. the new roadway is, according to john, per cent finished; some of the accommodation quarters are already under construction; and john acted as the personal tour guide for the group, whisking us across the creek in two jet-boats to his orchard where tangerine trees, coconut trees, limes, kuru, pine and other local fruit were already under cultivation. asked to comment about safety at the resort against the background of three drowning incidents it has experienced, john said that his strategy was to enlist multi-skilled workers into his employment force. most of the construction workers have basic life-guard skills and are called off of construction and sent to the swimming area as the numbers of the visitors go up on any given day. john told the members of the media present that splashmins was his hobby and that he was not in it for the profit. most of the profit goes back into enhancing the facilities at the fun park. he said that though splashmins continues to host big events like the miss jam zone beach pageant and the water-skiing event last year, most of the revenue earned at splashmins comes from family outings during the week, on public holidays and on weekends. referring to what he has done with splashmins john said that, "i am proud to be a common person with uncommon results." hrs approximately we arrived with the dusk at marudi resort. marudi is the least known of the three resorts but it seemed to have a clientele that possessed a familiarity with the place. this was confirmed when the owner of the resort, mr. paul dhanraj, introduced us formally to his place. dhanraj said that he and his wife remigrated to guyana around the mid-90s and started marudi in october . marudi resort, judging from the owner's views on marketing his tourism package, seems to be what one may call an "anti-resort". with a staff of four, that is, dhanraj, his wife, one handyman and one cook, the resort has a rustic charm about it. dhanraj says that his resort offers quiet family-type entertainment and explained, ironically with loud music booming from a car stereo in the background, that he does not encourage the sort of noise and raucous behaviour that can be found at other resorts along the linden-soesdyke highway. he said that he has built up a close-knit 'family' of clients and that his regulars expect him to upkeep a certain standard. he said that he would not go after greater money through higher numbers of guests and risk losing his base clients. dhanraj claims that in the present economy, expansion is hard since expansion works cost money, much of which is sourced from the banks. marudi now has day-benabs, two over-night benabs, a bar, a kitchen and a large seating hut. additionally, hammocks can be slung in an area with trees, specifically reserved for that purpose. for those interested in stargazing, he and his wife have set up a state of the art astronomical telescope on the compound. at dinner, a long table was set up and this point, the media team was joined by shyam nokta; former minister of amerindian affairs, mr. vibert de souza; and the former minister's guitar. uncle vibert led the hoarse-voiced members of the media through a medley of songs from the perennial though largely unintelligible favourite, 'guantanamera'; to the drifters' hit 'save the last dance for me'; to the bee gees 'baby, you don't know what its like'; and finally, to ring in the season, 'feliz navidad'. we bid our adieus to mr. dhanraj and his wife at about hrs and set off back to georgetown, exhausted.
__label__non_math	0.9999	girls' plus ribbon eyelet a-line tank dress item 7r8 - light cotton eyelet fabric - tied tacked bow straps - hidden elastic at neckline - fully lined - falls above knee - you name it, we embroider it a parade, picnic and party time fave that s as easy as the summertime breezes it was made for. made in lightweight cotton eyelet with loops of ribbon all tied up at her shoulders with a bow it doesn t get cuter than that . machine wash. imported. unfamiliar with a word? see the lands end glossary
__label__non_math	0.9998	women's petite -sleeve pattern silk tie-waist dress item 7r8 classic, with a hint of fun. - timeless shirtdress styling - soft, light silk fabric - three-quarter sleeves are gathered into a narrow band - self-fabric belt is included or change it up with your own - above-knee length - shoulder to hem lengths: regular, "; petite, " it's basically a silk shirt cut long enough to wear as a dress. gives you a ton of versatility. you could layer it over leggings or jeans and it'd look amazing. the silk fabric gives it delightful movement. hand wash. imported. unfamiliar with a word? see the lands end glossary
__label__non_math	0.9998	women's plus size short sleeve herringbone camp shirt item a68 easy-going shirt with island-inspired style. - polyester twill camp shirt defines relaxed style - straight collar, slightly shaped sides - even, vented hem you can wear tucked or untucked - short, hemmed sleeves this shirt defines effortless styles. credit the smooth polyester with just enough heft for perfect drape. made to be worn untucked, with its even, vented hem. but perfectly able to dress up a bit when worn tucked in. shoulder pleats in back add just enough give. machine wash. imported.
__label__non_math	0.9943	return of langley good times cruise-in means ,000 for local charities the langley good times cruise-in will be giving a total of ,000 to a variety of charities, as a result of the successful cruise-in on sept. . president riccardo sestito said the amount of money raised at the car show was in line with the expectations of organizers, given the slower economic climate. the volunteer organization is working on initiatives that it hopes can boost the amount of money that goes to charity in future years. the cruise-in was the first in two years, after the event was cancelled due to a variety of concerns. the cruise-in board wanted to bring the event back, but would not commit to doing so until those issues could be discussed. sestito said that, in general, the event went very well. he estimates that about ,000 people attended the langley city event, which took place in perfect summer weather. the cruise-in is a unique car show, in that it is run by volunteers and funds raised go to charity. the funds are raised by individual service organizations that operate concessions and other services, and by the cruise-in organization through registrations, souvenir sales and other fundraisers. the event has three main beneficiaries langley stroke recovery, langley memorial hospital auxiliary and valley therapeutic equestrian association. other charities to benefit from this year s event are st. john s ambulance, brookswood dry grad, vineyard church and kwantlen polytechnic university foundation. in addition, local organizations aldergrove lions, langley lions, langley rotary club, sunrise rotary club, new beginnings, langley legion,langley lodge, langley lacrosse, langley elks and douglas park community school raised funds through offering various concessions and services. sestito was re-elected president of the cruise-in board at monday s annual meeting. vice-president is eric taylor. sestito hopes to step back from some duties this year so that taylor can become president next year. other directors re-elected are dick hooper, keith wilson, audrey stebanuk, lori watts and mitch desrochers.
__label__non_math	0.9108	los angeles: an officer-involved shooting occurred during an undercover operation. on , at around , northeast area narcotics enforcement detail plain-clothes officers were conducting a narcotics investigation in the block of echo street. they were being assisted by northeast area patrol officers. both plain-clothes and uniformed officers had arrested two suspects for possession of a firearm and narcotics when they saw four more possible suspects leaving the area. as the uniformed officers attempted to detain them, one of the uniformed officers saw a male suspect walking toward him holding what he believe to be a handgun. the uniformed officer fired one round at the suspect. the suspect, later identified as a plain-clothes narcotics officer, was not stuck by the round. no other officers or suspects were injured. the uniformed officer involved in the shooting is officer oscar martin, years of age. he has been with the department for one year. force investigation division personnel responded and are investigating the shooting.
__label__math	0.5031	information on personal data processing sect. leg. dec. june , no. 196 personal data protection code" by voluntarily filling in the form and expressing your consent, you can have your data entered into the la perla s.r.l. filing system to receive the newsletter with news, special offers and promotions, also in partnership with third party companies. the data are not communicated to third parties, with the exception of companies that carry out shipping or, in any case, other operations that are instrumental to fulfilling the contract e.g.: postal services, couriers, etc. and they are processed with mainly electronic instruments by specific persons in charge of data processing. in any event, data are not distributed. the data controller is la perla s.r.l., with legal offices in italy, via mattei bologna. at any time the data subject can exercise their rights as foreseen by the code sect. and subsections, of leg. dec june , no. 196: for example, access, update, rectification, integration, etc. , and in particular they can ask to no longer receive material or to be cancelled from the filing systems by writing, to the person responsible for compliance with 196, at the e-mail address: firstname.lastname the same address can be used to request the full and updated list of the data processors, if appointed.
__label__non_math	0.9999	when the vietnam war became history, and the protest signs and the bullhorns were put away, so too was the serious side of most protestors alienation and hostility toward the government. they returned, with minimal resistance, to the restless pursuit of success, and the belief that the choice facing the world was either capitalist democracy or communist dictatorship . the war had been an aberration, was the implicit verdict, a blemish on an otherwise humane american record. the fear felt by the powers-that-be that society s fabric was unraveling and that the republic was hanging by a thread turned out to be little more than media hype; it had been great copy. i mention this to explain why i ve been reluctant to jump with both feet on the occupy bandwagon. i first thought that if nothing else the approaching winter would do them in; if not, it would be the demands of their lives they have to make some money at some point, attend classes somewhere, lovers and friends and family they have to cater to somewhere; lately i ve been thinking it s the police that will do them in, writing finis to their marvelous movement adventure if you hold the system up to a mirror the system can go crazy. but now i don t know. those young people, and the old ones as well, keep surprising me, with their dedication and energy, their camaraderie and courage, their optimism and innovation, their non-violence and their keen awareness of the danger of being co-opted their focusing on the economic institutions more than on the politicians or political parties. there is also their splendid signs and slogans, walking from new york to washington, and not falling apart following the despicable police destruction of the occupy wall street encampment. they ve given a million young people other ideas about how to spend the rest of their lives, and commandeered a remarkable amount of media space. the washington post on several occasions has devoted full page or near-full page sympathetic coverage. occupy is being taken increasingly seriously by virtually all media. yet, the 1960s and 70s were also a marvelous movement adventure for me as much as for anyone but nothing actually changed in us foreign policy as a result of our endless protests, many of which were also innovative. american imperialism has continued to add to its brutal record right up to this very moment. we can t even claim vietnam as a victory. most people believe that the us lost the war. but by destroying vietnam to its core, by poisoning the earth, the water, the air, and the gene pool for generations, washington in fact achieved its primary purpose: preventing the rise of what might have been a good development option for asia, an alternative to the capitalist model. it has greatly helped occupy s growth and survival that they have seldom mentioned foreign policy. that s much more sensitive ground than corporate abuse. foreign policy gets into flag-waving, our brave boys risking their lives, american exceptionalism, nationalism, patriotism, loyalty, treason, terrorism, anti-american , conspiracy theorist all those emotional icons that mainstream america uses to separate a good american from one who ain t really one of us. foreign policy cannot be ignored permanently of course, if for no other reason than that the nation s wealth that s wasted on war could be used to pay for anything occupy calls for or anything anyone calls for. the education which occupy has caused to be thrust upon the citizenry about corporate abuse and criminality, political corruption, inequality, poverty, etc., virtually all unprosecuted would be highly significant if america were a democracy. but as it is, more and more people can learn more and more about these matters, and get more and more angry, but have nowhere to turn to, to effectuate meaningful change. money must be removed from the political process. completely. it is my favorite latin expression: sine qua non without which, nothing . the anti-empire report photo: ted fisher
__label__non_math	0.9981	"i like this site. easy to use and easy to navigate. i searched and found my computer battery in less than seconds." john m., strongsville, oh "laptop battery express had the battery i needed for an obscure laptop and got to me at a fair price and in a short period of time. the battery was top quality and works great." albert, arlington heights, il specials direct to you
__label__non_math	0.9992	this replacement battery shipped fast and was a perfect fit for my dell xps m1530 series. very pleased with the price. my laptop now runs on battery like it did when it was new. definitely recommend i lost my laptop charger and found the replacement here. the site was easy to use, and my order arrived in less than a week. everything works perfectly, and i have to thank you for getting my laptop up and running again : searched a number of sites for a battery for my compaq business notebook and found this site. not only was the product a great price better than anybody else , it arrived very quickly. thank you for a great experience
__label__non_math	0.9829	this is a user submitted page about the ins and outs of the asus f6ve. here users can provide details about their experiences with this laptop and to provide helpful tips to others. also available is the discussion section below which can be used to ask questions about the asus f6ve. if you would like to edit this page please first view our editing guidelines. for full specifications see the asus f6ve specifications page. intel pentium m processor t4200 t3400 t3200, : .ghz - .ghz, 800 667 mhz, 1mb l2 cache intel wireless wifi link abgn at this stage no one has submitted any notes about the asus f6ve. if you have any interesting information about this laptop to share please feel free to edit this page and submit what you have.
__label__non_math	1.0000	visual performing arts educating the next generation of world class artists and scholars. whether expressed with the flourish of a paintbrush, a leap through the air or in the passion of a monologue, there's no denying the amazing effect the arts can have on a person. la salle high school prides itself on providing a safe and nurturing creative environment that offers students the freedom to develop their skills and talents. in conjunction with our outstanding academic program, we approach the arts with the same vigor and commitment necessary to inspire young artists as they prepare for their entrance into the national and local artistic community. our year arts program provides a conservatory approach in the following disciplines: - visual art - instrumental choral music - film television
__label__non_math	0.9994	the following is the 4th entry written by tony thompson with regard to his daily life as he prepares and trains for his upcoming july battle for the wbo ibf mandatory unification title challenge against the champion wladimir klitschko. presented by goossen tutor promotions, the hbo telecast on july is live at p.m. et p.m. pt with replay that night at p.m. et pt.. hello fellow bloggers and blog readers. let s see what do i have to report for this past week and before i depart for germany? well i guess i ll start right after my recent tough week of sparring and working which unfortunately included a lot of hard right hands from jameal mccline and a lot of fussing from my trainers, i finally had some much needed down time. but first i got a visit from my hometown newspaper. honestly folks i didn t even know they were paying attention not that i expected them to kick up a whole lot of fuss for ole boy but damn what took them so long anyway? i tried to give my man something interesting to write about but the truth is folks i am pretty boring. hopefully he can make something up for the readers to keep them happy. now i know what some of you guys and gals are saying, tony you are funny not just funny looking you re smart and a very snappy dresser and tall and you folks would be right but outside of boxing. i m an overly ordinary person. so after trying for most of the day to think of something witty, but not embarrassing to my family, i did the interview and finally got rid of the guy so that i could continue on with my limited freedom now that i was alone. i decided to go to the movies yeah how exciting , huh? i made the mistake of going to see the happening and i spent the next two hours trying to figure out what the hell was happening??? so it was a very appropriate name if any of you are familiar with m. night shamilon sic . you know that he does this every freakin movie leaving you scratching your head and wondering what type of issues is he dealing with. but that s what i get falling into the trap when i know he is going to piss me off but i have to admit this to you folks i m easily swayed. he put up a name like the happening and i was just drawn to that crap like heavyweights are drawn to holding not me . anyway after wasting my bucks on that i decided to sneak away for some wings. yeah that s right, wings i know what you all are going to say, why sneak tony you re a grown ass man. well everybody know i don t have the evander body we all crave for and that i have been previously discriminated against by the networks and so called experts of boxing because of my slender and no hgh type of chest and i have fell into the hype of trying to get me some muscles so i m staying away from certain foods. but after seeing that movie i figured i had suffered enough and i was going to have those garlic wings with ranch, and of course i felt guilty so i went to run and lift to eliminate the guilt. i don t know what the hell i was thinking? i can fight my ass off, so the hell with the body. i will buy me a new one when i am champ. just think of me as the left handed larry holmes, no not in greatness, but in body type. ok? so after all that i was ready for some golf. funny thing about me playing golf. let me tell you how i came about loving the game. back at home i love to play basketball before sparring, kind of a fun warm up before getting battered. but when a certain manager of mine who shall remain nameless nathan peake found out about my hobby he cursed and fussed his way into me. not being able to find a willing partner anymore, not even my cousin who also will remain nameless eric houston will play with me anymore. so i had to find a new hobby and another way to warm up before practice, so i took up something a little less destructive on the body yet competitive and a whole hell of a lot of fun. but as you can imagine i have not quite mastered the game yet so it s just basically me digging up a lot of grass and dirt making it very hard on the poor grounds keeper. but when life gives you lemons you make lemon pie so now golf is my passion. unfortunately after eating those wings, i felt a nap coming on so i quickly hustled myself home told you i was boring and tried to watch a movie before sleep took over. hopefully i can report to you next week on my greatness on the golf course if i can stay up long enough i m looking forward to kicking some butt on july so i can go back to the dmy and kick some butt on that golf course. come join me if you get the time. now it s off in my least favorite tube, the plane that takes me to where i will kick that butt, germany. don t miss the action on hbo and see for yourself what you ve all been missing. see you guys after winning the titles.
__label__non_math	0.9684	the seventh-day adventist church founded la sierra university in the scenic southern california city of riverside in . riverside is a city of over 250,000 located within one hour of beaches, mountains, deserts, and los angeles. the university's fundamental purpose is to provide higher education in an environment for learning that emphasizes personal integrity, intellectual development, and generous service to humankind and the church. la sierra university is a multicultural campus with students from over nations. la sierra university is a religiously-qualified equal opportunity employer with the right to prefer seventh-day adventists in hiring. in the event that a qualified seventh-day adventist is not available to fill a position in the university, preference will be given to applicants of other faiths who have religious beliefs compatible with those of the seventh-day adventist church and who support the published mission of the university. here is a list of the current positions available at la sierra university:
__label__non_math	0.9986	welcome to on-campus living welcome to an adventure of a life-time, residential living campus housing is central to the campus life, therefore everything you need is at your finger tips. with a short walk you can eat at the dining commons, study in the library, get to your classes without having to get up early, find computer resources in micol, work-out at the fitness center, and hang-out with friends at the eagle's nest. the department of residential life provides the opportunity for you to interact with really awesome students from many different countries and culture. how cool is it to have a friend from another culture while learning about social norms around the globe and broaden your world-view? la sierra university is known for its diverse student population. having the opportunity to live with others different from you will also teach you about the common aspects of the human experience and the most important thing, how to get along with others. as you enroll at la sierra, you also bring something very important, your personal experience, enthusiasm, and energy. what will you teach others about yourself? living in a residence hall is not always easy and by providing this guide we hope to lessen the confusion about boundaries and gudelines that are common to all. in return, we ask you to be a responsible citizen of the community who shows concern, respect, and care for those around you. we know that you can do it by simply applying the golden rule: treat others as you would like to be treated. the department of residential life is committed to providing you a supportive environment and to address your needs in a timely way. contact any of your deans or ras for questions that you may have, things you are concerned about, or suggestions you may have. we hope that this will be a terrific year for you at lsu. thanks for choosing us this year and do not hesitate to let us know how we can help you. director of residential life dean of women
__label__non_math	1.0000	stay in touch, alumni la sierra university s alumni are a talented and diverse group of people who continue to positively impact the world in significant ways, both professionally and personally. as a, you are invited to stay involved in the life of the university and to remain engaged with your faculty, administration, and fellow alumni. by doing so, you ll also be supporting and encouraging a new generation of alumni. if you haven t done so already, please register for la sierra connect, our online community of alumni, and sign up for our electronic newsletter, campus connection. we offer events to help you reconnect with your la sierra friends and you won t want to miss our annual homecoming celebration each spring. stay in touch
__label__non_math	1.0000	the facilities department is responsible for operating and maintaining the physical environment of the university community. this includes buildings valued at million in 150 acres of grounds. the staff of full-time employees consists of technicians and skilled craftsmen with the skills and abilities to maintain the wide variety of buildings and equipment on the campus. these services must be provided in a manner, which minimizes disruption of instructional and public service missions of the university. facilities department operates and maintains academic, office, apartments, residence halls, and leased buildings. building items include roofs, electrical, plumbing, appliance, paint, carpentry, heating, ventilation and air conditioning. we are also responsible for the campus post office, custodial, transportation and grounds, as well as the maintenance of the entire campus utility infrastructure, which includes high voltage electric, gas, sewer, and water. facilities mission statement facilities department strives to support the academic mission of la sierra university by providing quality service in an efficient and professional manner to ensure building safety and comfort. our focus is to continually improve and ensure customer satisfaction. we are a team of skilled technicians, craftsman, and management staff that maintains utilities, buildings, and grounds for the university community. emergency maintenance needs weekdays after and on weekends should be requested through the security office ext. or 951-785- . facilities physical plant staff: director associate director al valdez zoreh afshar project manager custodial post office manager chuck nelson fernando gutierrez sanford harlan dewayne chrispens manuel berumen nenad stegnjaic oscar serio dennis brown page maintained by carmen j. cordero last update on
__label__non_math	0.9966	you may have to leave work early for this one folks, and it will be well worth the personal time. lyric opera chicago s latest production, die meistersinger von nurenburg, is a truly singular experience in the art world, not just in opera. it is one of famed composer richard wagner s rare attempts at comedic opera. it was widely acclaimed and used in propaganda under germany s nazi regime. and at a seat-numbing five and a half hour runtime, it holds the honor of being the longest opera currently in production. i admit it begs the question, why see this? and the simple answer is, because a furiously talented composer created a stunning masterpiece that is being performed by a phenomenal ensemble of artists in what i can safely describe as one of my favorite theater experiences to date. let s get the whole nazi thing out of the way first. wagner typically told stories about heroes and gods; however die meistersinger is set in the very real city of nuremberg and features very real and casually identifiable characters. the german is plainly spoken and the characters feel a deep connection to the traditions of german art. that the work was so masterfully crafted only further strengthened the german people s affinity for the work, and it became a rallying point for german pride into world war ii. i was not raised to hold much regard for the tenets of national socialism, but they certainly had good taste in music though regrettably this causes some modern critics to view certain characters with anti-semitic implications, which could in all honesty be legitimate but distracts from the work s beauty . die meistersinger tells a story of the mastersingers, a guild of working class men who adhered to strict rules surrounding the creation of master songs . young nobleman walther von stolsing arrives in town and falls for young eva posner. eva s father veit posner sponsors a singing contest during midsummer s fest st. john s day and offers the winner eva s hand in marriage. additionally he stipulates that only a mastersinger may win her hand. walther decides to try to enter the guild, but his lack of training infuriates many of the mastersingers during his audition, the brassy and overly traditional sixtus beckmesser being his fiercest critic. the one mastersinger who see s potential, the cobbler hans sachs, is deeply affected by the young noble s passionate song. despite being a legitimate contender for eva s hand, hans sachs nonetheless helps walther compose a master song worthy of the guild s respect but with the young nobleman s passion. he also manages to thwart his rival beckmesser from wooing eva, and even creates an opportunity where the blowhard faces humiliation in front of the town. and hey, no one dies the richness of character of hans sachs and the supreme performance by renowned bass-baritone james morris is central to the opera. his profound respect for tradition is challenged by a beautiful new yet untraditional musical expression. he bravely embraces and reshapes his qualification of art, but at the risk of dishonoring his reputation. he loves young eva but only in a way that reminds him of the love he once felt for his wife and child. the audience sympathizes deeply with hans as he admits his shortcomings and begins to doubt his own credibility, but still manages to commit to having an open mind and humility with the art he loves so much. perhaps when at his most vulnerable, the emotional arc culminates in the triumphant final scene where the chorus joyously performs hans sachs original master songs, showing that he is sincerely regarded in the town, only to be further validated as he introduces the town to walther s new musical style. as deep and rich as the storyline for die meistersinger, the crowning jewel is in the music. morris is joined by the commanding tenor of johan botha walther ; the pretty and delicate soprano of ryan opera center alum amanda majeski eva ; and in a standout performance, the blustery and comically inclined baritone bo skovhus beckmesser . in some productions beckmesser is played with such heavy caricature that no one could possibly conceive he could be a legitimate suitor for eva, but the dashing skovhus with his crisp tone and emotive phrasings make beckmesser look more pathetic, because he scuttles his own chances. another standout was david portillo who portrayed david, apprentice to hans sachs, though his role is heavily auxiliary in the second half of the opera which is in itself as long as some entire operas . though written largely in rhyme, a practice wagner has notably criticized, the rhyme is appropriate and most of the time presented without irony. the score and libretto are both wildly elaborate and yet feel effortless and casual, peppered with folk elements and using pithy german language, a departure from the haughtier texts of tristan und isolde and its kin. the time really does fly, even though there are many points during the opera when even as an audience member it seems incomprehensible how anyone on stage or in the pit could have the stamina to continue. indeed the brilliantly choreographed crowd scenes, including a hilariously raucous mob fight or a joyous festival, had outstanding musical cues directly from wagner. the harmonies would rise effortlessly from a swirling cacophony of bodies, creating a wonderfully organized confusion and injecting both humor and energy at the perfect times. die meistersinger is truly a marathon, but the pacing is never overly lagging or rushed. it s perfectly paced and astonishingly engaging, with delightful principals and an incredible-as-always orchestra. make sure you prepare for the sitting: bring money for snacks and drinks, stand and move at each intermission, and make sure the babysitter knows you will be home late. that said, you will not regret it. for upcoming performances and for other lyric opera chicago productions, visit all production stills provided by dan rest.
__label__non_math	1.0000	pintor maella , valencia , , spain the tryp oceanic hotel is located in the most modern area of the city of valencia, close to the oceanographic park and the ciudad de las artes y las ciencias arts and sciences city , only 500 meters from the harbour, and km from the city centre. the hotel is just minutes distance from manises airport, and offers an easy access to the trade exhibitions centre and the conference centre. distributed on floors, the hotel offers 197 comfortable rooms, including junior suite with bedroom and lounge, master suite with bedrooms, lounge and bathrooms, as well as rooms especially equipped for the disabled. all of the rooms offer a fully equipped bathroom with hair-dryer, non-clouding mirrors, toiletries and direct dial telephone, air-conditioning, satellite tv, direct dial telephone with data port, safe deposit box, mini-bar. room service. varied breakfast buffet. a la carte restaurant and daily changing menu. lobby bar. pool bar. its facilities include as well panoramically elevators, laundry service and a private garage in the same building for up to cars. outdoor pool surrounded by gardens, solarium, gym and sauna check in from: noon check out by: noon more than 250 m2 of dividable meeting rooms adaptable to any kind of set-up, and capacities ranging up to 350 persons wifi internet access data and voice connection state-of-the-art audiovisual equipment for rent special menus for coffee breaks, business lunches and other social events on request from the airport: by taxi: - minutes aprox . from bus station bus . from train station bus . private garage in the same building for up to cars
__label__non_math	0.9989	rue de higginson , luganville , espiritu santo , vanuatu view hotel location on the map take a taxi from luganville town to red corner. after minutes you will arrive at village de santo and restaurant . described as "a village within a village" nestled between mango village and the town beach - as the locals call it. secluded and quietly hidden behind the bamboo fence is semi self contained holiday apartments. surrounded by a lush tropical garden overlooking the pool and tastefully finished in local hard woods with modern decor. fresh and modern yet still has a no fuss, im on holidays feel. the mezzanine floor level top floor has a luxurious queen size bed. wooden panel windows to catch those tropical breezes. the sofa bed on ground floor folds out to a double bed when required. single beds can be added when needed for families. all village suites are semi self contained with microwave, bar fridge and tea coffee making facilities. restaurant serves modern cuisine with a tropical twist. great tanna coffee open . - -late days a week. the chiefs bar overlooks the pool and is a great spot to access the free wireless internet. diving groups have the added bonus of a secured wash down and storage area for all equipment. the resort is on the pick and drop off point for all dive operators. check in from: check out by: wireless internet connection small conference groups - catering and seating inquire about our wedding package schools and groups welcolme transfers from airport can be arranged. the fare can be charged to your room account. no need to change money before you arrive into santo - minutes taxi from town - 200vt one way minutes bus from town - 120vt one way minutes
__label__non_math	1.0000	opt-in to our email program for the latest updates on everything vegas, including featured restaurants, special events and must-see entertainment. sometimes a little too much night on the town requires some therapy of the spa kind. vegas, of course, is up to the task. find and follow us las vegas convention and visitors authority and or lv.com, llc. paradise road, las vegas, nv 89109local: 702 892-7575toll-free: 877-visitlv 877-847- customer support stay connected visitors centers about lvcva
__label__non_math	0.9984	harry reid's speech to the democratic national convention demonstrated all the charm, eloquence and passion we have come to expect from the senate majority leader, which is to say pretty much hardly any at all. and yet it was still better than brian sandoval's speech to the gop convention, and not just because of sandoval's monotonous insincerity. reid stated an obvious but no-less actual fact: if you like what the tea party did when they took over the house, you'll love what they'll do if, in all their collective rage, paranoia and whackadoodledoo, they take control of the senate and the white house. sandoval, by contrast, merely echoed the gop's silly trope that business owners and only business owners are real americans, except unlike other gop speakers, sandoval had been directed to use the word "hispanic" in every third sentence. outreach, gop style yes, michelle's speech was not only a far more enlightened, inspirational and, frankly, patriotic exploration and explanation of american values than anything that was muttered at the republican convention. education, health care and the safety net, women's freedoms, the brink of economic collapse and the need to move forward not backward -- her speech was also more detailed and sophisticated with respect to policy than either mitt romney's or paul ryan's. perhaps the republican party's primary achievement thus far this campaign cycle, aside from going down on sheldon adelson, of course, has been deliberately taking an innocous barack obama line about the public good wildly out of context and turning into a pathetic cliche. a whole night of the republican convention was devoted to the "we built it" nonsense. coupled with the fact that the delegates can't stand their nominee, who is but a nominee by default because nobody else who was even remotely credible would run for the party's nomination, and little wonder the gop convention seemed a loveless and rather dreary affair. whether either conventions will make a dent in the overall campaign narrative remains to be seen indeed, polling suggests the republican gathering might as well not have happened . but if there is an "enthusiasm gap," as the nattering media grown-ups are always saying, the republicans are the listless ones, at least judging from the conventions.
__label__non_math	0.8118	tuesday, yes, we have only two days of data. but if the early voting and absentee ballot numbers are harbingers, democrat kate marshall either is getting many crossover and independent votes highly unlikely or she is going to lose in a landslide. i ve tallied absentee and early votes in four counties where detailed records are on the web the two urban counties, washoe and clark, and two rural counties, douglas and carson city and the results are depressing for democrats: republicans ,688 voters percent democrats ,514 voters percent note: the washoe registrar absentee early file appears not to have been updated after the first day, but whatever absentee ballots came in this week surely did not have a significant impact. a few points: ---the other counties, which do not have their breakdowns readily available, in aggregate are heavily republican, so the edge surely is even slightly larger. ----the breakdown in split clark county at least in cd2 is percent to percent for the gop. in split washoe, it s -. in heavily gop douglas, it s -. in solid gop carson city, it s -. ----the actual registration breakdown in these four counties: republicans have percent and democrats have percent. so you can see how much more enthusiastic republicans are to vote than democrats. by the way, washoe, where democrats needed huge turnout, is more than half of the district in registered voters. the actual registration in cd2 is -, gop. these early numbers one-sixth of early voting days complete have to be seen as very, very ominous for marshall. this is especially true if early voting ends up being well over half of the total turnout, which it usually is. it may even be a bigger share because only one race is on the ballot and people may be loathe to turn out on september . is that taps i hear playing? in case you want county-by-county totals for early voting, the secretary of state is compiling, although not with party breakdowns, here
__label__non_math	1.0000	found the same room at a different price? tell us, and we'll offer to match it. as hotel dei giovi the hotel has 134 guest rooms that are completely soundproof and are decorated in a classic style with high-quality materials and accessories.every room has silk upholstery in elegant pastel colours, air conditioning, satellite colour television, sky tv, wifi internet access, a minibar and a safety deposit box. the charming suites were designed to meet the needs of clients who are hard to please, and include a hot tub for complete rest and relaxation. spacious free parking is also available. a delicious breakfast served each morning includes foods and beverages to satisfy every taste, with a wide range of fresh produce as well as organic items prepared with care.the luxurious hospitality extends to the ristorante mediterraneo restaurant which serves international cuisine along with traditional local dishes. the hotel is also an ideal place to hold special events, conferences, seminars, private or company meetings, team building exercises, courses, workshops and showroom exhibitions.
__label__non_math	0.9992	and then it arrives -- a tower of ice-filled platters of seafood, three tiers stacked high. those frosty-silvery platters overflow with a dozen or more oysters on the half shell, littleneck and cherrystone clams too; dungeness crab; a split maine lobster; tiny periwinkles; steamed mussels; big, succulent poached shrimp; and pretty bay scallops in their pink-tinged shells. tucked in between are wedges of lemon, and served on the side are little bowls of cocktail sauce, creamy mayonnaise, and perfectly vinegary, shallot-spiked mignonette. it's a plateau de fruits de mer literally, a platter of fruits of the sea , and in the golden light of a brasserie, with a glass of champagne or chablis, you feel like, well, the world is your oyster -- and you happen to be quite the ostreaphile. oyster and crab and lobster and mussel . . . lovers can rejoice. the plateau de fruits de mer, a traditional french feast, is showing up all over l.a., on the menu at hungry cat in hollywood where a raw-bar expansion is in the works , the water grill downtown, fra che in culver city and just-opened comme a in west hollywood. and this is the perfect moment to partake in a plateau; we're heading straight into full-swing oyster season as more and more varieties hit their peak. in new york, they've been big for years, most notably at balthazar and blue ribbon, and now at long last they're taking off in l.a. maybe it's something in the air. eating out suddenly feels more cosmopolitan, and diners want some elegant excess: a martini before dinner gin, of course; it happens to go great with oysters and a plateau just to kick things off. this is food for the swells. at comme a, the swells are out en masse, and the shellfish platter is bountiful. "i just had to have it on the menu," says chef-owner david myers. "it's so spectacular." here the spectacle might be either the plateau or the grand plateau, both served on a single large ice-filled, seaweed-strewn platter, with malpeque and skookum oysters, clams from prince edward island, stone crab claws, maine lobster, shrimp and mussels. alongside comes mignonette, cocktail sauce and a bright tarragon mayonnaise. at fra che in culver city, the grand plateau is a three-tier affair the petit plateau has two tiers . right now it includes three types of oysters blue point, kumamoto and kusshi ; littleneck clams; shrimp; lobster; calamari salad dressed with olive oil and lemon juice, red onions, chives and a little red bell pepper; albacore ceviche marinated with lime juice, tomatoes, red onions, mint, and orange and lemon zest; and mussels with a cucumber vinaigrette. with the mignonette and cocktail sauce, there's freshly grated horseradish great for oysters . the water grill pays meticulous attention to everything that's going on the plateau. the lobster's perfectly succulent, the shrimp plump and tender, and the oysters are a thoughtful selection of what's most wonderful at the moment. care is taken to make sure their liquor's not spilled and no shell fragments in there either . on a recent visit, a friend and i sidled up to the bar to tuck into an extravaganza of raspberry point oysters, littleneck clams, mexican white shrimp, steamed mussels, dungeness crab claws, lobster and periwinkles -- diminutive saltwater snails that were propped up in the ice on little sticks. our neighbor at the bar kept looking over, longingly, then ordered an adorable plateau for one that came on a napkin-lined glass plate, topped with ice and his own mini-extravaganza of shellfish. when you order it at the table for more than one or two people, the traditional aluminum platter is used, and a tier might be added. the excellent oyster selection might include buttery, full-bodied watch hills; mild, crisp sinkus; sweet totten inlets; those pristine raspberry points; briny olde salts from virginia; or crisp-bright coromandels. any way you like it so is it a first course or a main course? traditionally, the plateau is served as an appetizer, but with a salad and bread, it's a fantastic main too. "either way works," says former bastide chef alain giraud, who is opening a brasserie in santa monica, complete with oyster bar and, of course, plateaux de fruits de mer. "as long as it's conducive to a social dinner." and what makes a great plateau? it should convey a sense of abundance and have a wide variety of seafood: shrimp, lobster, crab, oysters, clams, periwinkles and scallops. enough of everything for everyone. plateau de fruits de mer has always been about excess it dates back to 17th century aristocrats . so no skimping on the oysters, please. "i love clams, but you should have more oysters than clams" on a plateau, comme a's myers says. "how many depends on the size of the oysters." as for those clams, right now he has littlenecks, but "i want to get some varieties from japan too; their flavors are unreal." "it should be beautiful," says water grill executive chef david lefevre. "when it comes to the table, people should say, 'oh my god.' i like the seafood to look alive, so you see the heads of the lobsters." and, of course, the seafood has to be absolutely fresh and pristine and perfectly prepared, nothing overcooked or undercooked. the lobster shouldn't be tough. the shrimp, even with the shell on, should be deveined. and the oysters' adductor muscles should be cut so that they just slide out. who wants to struggle with loosening the oyster from its shell and lose all of that precious oyster liquor? in fact, everything should be easy to eat. crab and lobster claws should be cracked, for example. "the guest still gets some of the fun of digging in there," lefevre says, "but you don't want it to be so hard that it becomes cumbersome." and you have to have the proper accouterments. beyond the classics, lefevre also sometimes makes a stone-ground mustard sauce for crab and a togarashi-yuzu japanese pepper and citrus sauce for scallops. his house-made mayonnaise is tinged with saffron. myers serves his plateau with thin slices of dark bread and sweet butter, an old-school european tradition. so what's the best place in town to have a plateau? the water grill's stands out for the fabulous quality of the oysters, the presentation and attention to detail. but hard as it may be to believe, you can make an even more dazzling one at home. one reason is the wide variety of incredible seafood you can order from specialty purveyors -- imagine crowning a plateau with a sea urchin, spines and all, topped with its fantastic roe, just scooped out of the shell. you can also get gorgeous sea snails, periwinkles and cockles.
__label__non_math	1.0000	a lakers spokesman declined to comment on his condition. buss, , has been in the hospital numerous times over the last two years. he underwent an undisclosed surgery last august and was admitted a month earlier for what the team said was dehydration. he was also hospitalized in december for blood clots in his leg caused by excessive travel, according to the lakers. a report thursday from radaronline.com said that players were visiting buss because of what they expect to be his final days. update, p.m.: buss' son jim, the team's executive vice president of player personnel, was at cedars-sinai and said his father was "doing fine." "we just aren't going to make any comments on it," jim buss said outside of the intensive care unit, adding that the family has "been dealing with this." before his most recent medical issues, buss continued to take part in decision-making processes for the lakers.he weighed in heavily on the hiring of coach mike d antoni in november and, a few months before that, was eager to meet dwight howard and steve nash, two high-profile lakers additions who visited him separately after being acquired. buss received a doctorate in physical chemistry from usc but it was a ,000 investment in a los angeles apartment building that ultimately sparked a career in real-estate investment. the lakers franchise, buoyed by a lucrative tv deal with time warner cable, was recently valued at billion by forbes magazine. only one other nba franchise, the new york knicks, was deemed more valuable. the lakers have won nba championships since buss purchased the team and overall, one behind the boston celtics. they are continually among the top-spending teams in player salary, and this season is no different. they have a million in an overwhelmingly disappointing season so far. there would be another steep financial investment if howard decided to re-sign with the lakers after this season. howard is in the last year of his contract and could sign a five-year, -million deal in july to stay with the team. when it comes down to it, dr. buss is a competitor, lakers general manager mitch kupchak said when howard was acquired in a four-team trade last august. and when it comes down to a decision about making a couple of dollars or a million dollars or million or putting another banner up, he can t help himself. he chooses to go for the banner. buss used to be a fixture at lakers games in his staples center luxury suite halfway up the arena behind the team bench, but he had not attended any games this season. he maintained an extremely low public profile last year, emerging briefly to release a statement through the team when derek fisher was traded in a rare cost-cutting move last march. few who have worn the lakers uniform have done so with as much class as derek, both on the court and in the community ... from his famous .shot in san antonio to his clutch performances in the finals against orlando and boston when it mattered most, buss said in the statement. buss has gradually handed more power to his son, jim, who oversees basketball operations, and daughter, jeanie, who is in charge of the business side of the team. staff writer melissa rohlin contributed to this report.
__label__non_math	1.0000	jonathan hession sony pictures classics the irish comedy starring brendan gleeson and don cheadle opened last year's sundance film festival and was met with a room full of buyers fresh to the fest and looking for acquisitions. the film, about a gruff irish cop and an uptight fbi agent investigating an international drug smuggling ring, got great reviews and grossed over million worldwide. buyer: sony pictures classics estimated sale price not including marketing : million theatrical box office: .million
__label__non_math	1.0000	a collection of news and information related to prada published by this site and its partners. displaying items -of 168 view all items1 -next hero complex - movies, comics, pop culture - los angeles timeslet's hope that richard madden has an easier time wearing a crown in cinderella than he does in game of ... all eyes in the fashion world were on the metropolitan museum of art's costume institute gala -- aka the met ball -- in nyc on monday. this is the annual event at which celebrities and fashionistas kick it up a notch and wear their most dramatic looks.... call it the great gats-lash. in the lead-up to the arrival of baz luhrmann s kinetic reimagining of f. scott fitzgerald s the great gatsby, in theaters friday, most critical thumbs are pointing either sideways or downward.... rebecca hall loves designer labels. while promoting her new film "iron man ," hall showed off her expensive tastes on the red carpet. "shopping is a bit of a relaxing hobby for me, which is sometimes troubling for the bank balance," hall told vogue... director producer writer baz luhrmann must be pretty proud of his latest offering, "the great gatsby," due out may . at least it looked that way tuesday night in new york at prada's cocktail reception kicking off the soho store's exhibit of the movie'... los angeles times within seconds in her airy, orchid-filled office three floors above central park, betty halbreich had zeroed in on one of my chief torments as a professional woman. "i know why you have a problem with pants," halbreich said dryly, patting... tags: missoni, lena dunham, j. crew, central park, marni los angeles timesbaz luhrmann's big-screen adaptation of f. scott fitzgerald's novel "the great gatsby" isn't set to hit theaters until may , but long before the first flapper has flapped, it's become one of the most name-checked, on-trend, fashion-influencing... special to the los angeles timesmen have discovered what the ladies have known all along. now, more than ever, it's all about your shoes. "and it's about high time. women have had a blast with shoes for years," says jim moore, gq's creative director. "i think it's the most... nicki minaj looks fierce on the cover of the april edition of elle, which did a "makeunder" that toned down her usual colorful look. inside, she talks about childhood bullies, women in business and her plans for world domination. elle but, just like... paris -- miuccia prada closed out paris fashion week on wednesday afternoon, showing her fall miu miu collection to a starry front row that included january jones and zoe saldana, as well as designers olivier theyskens and marc jacobs. and it was... l.a. nowlos angeles police are looking for suspects responsible for a rash of smash-and grab burglaries in the sherman oaks area.... on thursday, pope benedict xvi became the first pontiff in nearly 600 years to willingly step down from his position. what kind of man will the cardinals who have gathered in rome from around the world choose to be his successor? we asked catholics from a... original site for prada topic gallery.
__label__non_math	0.9996	displaying items 253-264 of 444 philadelphia union news, photos and video - latimes.com rss feeds allow web site content to be gathered via feed reader software. click the subscribe link to obtain the feed url for this page. the feed will update when new content appears on this page. a collection of news and information related to philadelphia union published by this site and its partners. displaying items -of view latimes.com items only1 next chester, pa. landon donovan scored one goal and added two assists to lead the galaxy past the philadelphia union, -, wednesday night. robbie keane scored once and had an assist, and hector jimenez also scored for the two-time defending mls... tags: landon donovan, sports, mls cup, soccer galaxy defenders omar gonzalez and a.j. de la garza were among players called into this week's training camp for the u.s. soccer team, but galaxy captain landon donovan was not on the list, making it unlikely the national team's all-time leading scorer... sports nowthe galaxy has already lost a starting midfielder and a star defender this off-season. so guess what they went after in thursday's mls superdraft? choosing last in both rounds of the two-round draft, general manager and coach bruce arena selected...... show trackermonday s highlights 'l.a. tonight with roy firestone' on kcet... show trackerclick here to download tv listings for the week of april - in pdf format tv listings for the week of april - in pdf format are also available here this week's tv movies horrible bosses ...... show trackersaturday s highlights: stand-up specials on comedy central... the fire hope for a more favorable outcome saturday when they face the philadelphia union for the second time in a week. but only the venue changes for the p.m. clash at ppl park. available fire personnel and a lengthy injury list remain largely... tags: patrick nyarko, dwayne johnson, chicago fire, sports, soccer the philadelphia inquirernow comes the difficult part. there was no problem for the union getting up for a second game in five days, mainly because of the opponent. now they must prepare for a third game in eight days, while bouncing back from a most difficult final ... philadelphia ap the cleveland indians beat the philadelphia phillies -yesterday. a day after rookie jonathan pettibone held the indians in check, cole hamels got roughed up by one of the league's highest-scoring offenses. philadelphia ap ... philadelphia daily newsthe truth is that landon donovan simply picked the wrong time to take -month hiatus from soccer to re-energize. at a time when united states senior national team coach jurgen klinsmann emphasized the fact that players in america don't play enough high-... women's basketball terps' devaughn to take part in wug trials this week maryland junior center alicia devaughn will head to the u.s. olympic training center in colorado springs, colo., this week to take part in usa basketball women's world university... thursday, may major league baseball: milwaukee burgos - at pittsburgh liriano - , p.m. philadelphia, idle indians-phillies indians rout phillies -philadelphia ap jason kipnis hit a three-run homer, nick swisher and... original site for philadelphia union topic gallery. philadelphia union photos
__label__non_math	1.0000	anglo and codelco to talk anglo american and codelco have agreed to hold discussions aimed at resolving a dispute over ownership of anglo s... already have an account? subscribe now for unlimited access to all current and archive news, data and market analysis. take a free two-week trial now for the latest news, data and market analysis.
__label__non_math	0.9999	it s amazing what a good venue can do. in the s, venues like the comedy store and the improv inspired a comedy boom, brought public attention to the now legendary andy kaufman, david letterman and richard lewis, and helped change what it meant to be a comedian. chicago s lakeshore theater was one such venue committed to embracing new comedy and furthering the exploration of what it firmly believed to be an art, it held great promise in changing the comedy landscape. this is why the following news is so heartbreaking: announced late yesterday, the lakeshore theater will be ceasing all operations on april . the lakeshore was a forerunner in a new wave of comedy clubs not limited to just stand-up, it opened its doors to all kinds of acts: improv, sketch, theater, music, and whatever else was good enough to earn a spot. it forwent the two-drink minimum, didn t care about being tv clean, and made an honest effort to book the best and most original comedy out there, including acts like maria bamford, todd barry, reggie watts and kristen schaal. but despite consistently sold-out shows and praise from the chicago community, the lakeshore has come into financial trouble. lakeshore co-owner and executive producer chris ritter explained: it saddens me deeply to announce the closing of the lakeshore. while revenues have continued to grow over the last three years and the lakeshore brand of comedy, music and good times has successfully taken hold, current revenues are simply insufficient to fund ongoing operations as well as much needed plant repairs and improvements needed to take the company to the next level of success. australian comedian jim jefferies will be performing the club s final shows friday, april 9th at and and saturday, april 10th at . ritter commented on the appropriateness of jefferies for closing it all out: we ve been presenting jim since we first started presenting comedy and have had the privilege of watching his career explode with the success of his hbo special. it will be a terrific going-away party. as for ticket holders for future events, they will be fully refunded. here s hoping this was just an april fools joke.
__label__non_math	0.9981	okay, the title of this post might seem a little premature, particularly since we aren t talking about holidays like labor or yom kippur. but look at it this way now we have something holiday-related to look forward to that isn t also alcohol-related, and that thing is a new live tour from tim and eric beginning nov. , fans of the wacky twosome count us among them can check out t e on their chrimbus spectacular tour. show treats include short films, musical numbers, and select clips from the duo s forthcoming holiday special, airing dec. . tickets for the live show go on sale sept. . in the meantime, you should check out this awesome video that says everything we just did, except without the use of pesky words.
__label__non_math	0.9996	cancer is always a very difficult thing to go through. with harsh treatments, serious surgeries, and the hope that keeps you fighting, you deserve a little something to make you feel at your best we would all like to put off signs of aging as long as possible. and there are actions we can take toward looking and feeling our best as we age. recent studies show that even though our bodies decline in certain ways as we get older, disease and deterioration can be minimized. maintaining a healthy lifestyle can have a positive effect on our aging processes and over-all well being. a healthy lifestyle includes a balanced diet of fresh, organic foods with plenty of filtered water. limiting caffeine, alcohol, refined sugar, and avoiding smoking will also keep the body healthy and skin looking younger. of course, adequate exercise, sleep and stress management are all key to a healthy mind and body. waterproof... sweat proof... sunblock... these terms are so widely used on sunscreen labels that we have become blind to their meaning. many consumers grab the bottle with the most "proofs" and the highest spf and call it good. well, this "no-brainer mindset" concerning sunscreens will soon be a thing of the past. the u.s. food and drug administration fda announced on new requirements for all over-the-counter sunscreens. these new... you may be well aware of what your moisturizer or body wash contains, but other personal care items tend to get overlooked. like your toothpaste. have you picked up the toothpaste on your bathroom counter and looked at the ingredient listing? do you see sodium lauryl sulfate sls ? how about propylene glycol? fluoride? and just because the label says it is "natural" does not mean it is necessarily safe. even some natural toothpastes contain harmful ingredients... every parent knows it is important to start the school year with their children feeling confident and healthy. we participate yearly in the "back to school" shopping rituals buying pencils, computer...read more lavera's orange sea buckthorn products are the perfect summer cocktail for your skin organic cosmetics and organic anti-aging skin care products are key in keeping our skin, and bodies, healthy and beautiful. but they do more than that. safe, nontoxic cosmetics keep harmful chemical...read more early in the 's senator gaylord nelson, earth day founder, set out to place environmental issues in the forefront of the political agenda. by momentum had built to the point that the first of...read more many sunscreens do not block uva radiation and people may be exposed to a high level of uva without realizing it. to limit unrealistic claims about the level of protection offered, the eu revised the ...read more there are essential steps that must be taken in order to achieve a healthy, radiant complexion. proper nutrition, plenty of water, adequate sleep, and the proper skincare regimen for your skin type. lavera offers skincare kits designed specifically to your own unique skin type, taking the guess work out of choosing which products are right for you. determining your skin type is as simple as taking a good look at your skin. our straight forward guide will help you figure out which skin type you are, and which products are best suited to your skin...
__label__non_math	0.8815	mineral oils listed as petrolatum petroleum jelly or c-derivatives are frequently used in personal care products such as lipsticks, lubricants, baby lotions and oils. they commonly contain contaminants that studies have linked to cancer. ucla studies links "high levels of exposure to mineral oils to increased mortality and incidence of lung cancer, ... melanoma" mineral oils are also known to clog pores, forming a barrier preventing skin from eliminating toxins. repeated use can even set off skin conditions such as acne and dermatitis. petroleum jelly, or petrolatum, is a semisolid compound derived from hydrocarbon. it can block the skin s ability to moisturize itself, leading to chapped and dry skin, which are often conditions it is sold to alleviate. while petrolatum on its own is not too harmful, it is often cheaply produced and the impurities contaminants often found in petrolatum are the concern. frequently, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons pah are found, which have been linked in studies to breast cancer. petrolatum has been banned by the eu from use in cosmetics unless the source can be proven and the product shown to be pure. it is listed as a possible human carcinogen. only use plant oils, never petroleum based oils.
__label__non_math	0.9885	la vinyeta winery and its carignan wine llavors give the signal to start at sons del m n festival accompanied with the bands of senyors tranquil and els amics de les arts. this is a festival that combines music with wines from the do empord . on this edition, the sons del m n festival have scheduled five concerts more and the closing concerts will be with quico, c lio, noi and mut de ferreries for this friday july 9th ; carlos n ez, on sunday july 11th ; delaf y las flores azules, on 17th ; albert pla, on 24th and duquende, on 30th. on august 1st the last concert was free and it took place at the paseo mar timo of rosas. all the concerts were combined with wines from empord for the prestigious sommelier roger vius . it is a vi m sic proposal, another offer in this festival and an experience that begun last year on the last edition of sons del m n that got very good reception. this year, the gastronomy from empord plays an important role. because, five local emergent restaurants, will dish out dinners outside the same day of the concert in two shifts, one early for the concert attendants and another later for the ones who won t attend the concert. the restaurants are: carles antoner, mas renart, amiel-molins, mas concas and oxid caf .
__label__non_math	0.9997	asu a-z index colleges schools news events centers programs alumni and friends support asu law college of law news c. hessick talks about sb on horizon carissa byrne hessick professor carissa byrne hessick was interviewed on pbs s on sept. about possible modifications to sb after a redondo beach ordinance was struck down by u.s. 9th circuit court of appeals. the anti-solicitation ordinance, calif., was ruled unconstitutional based on the first amendment protection of freedom of speech. the ordinance, which had been in place for more than two decades, prohibited people from standing on the street or highway and soliciting drivers for employment. sb has similar provisions that render it illegal for the person seeking employment and the person in the car to block or impede traffic during solicitation, hessick said. but, the differences in language could favor sb , hessick said. the redondo beach ordinance was broader, hessick said. sb is specifically about blocking the normal flow of traffic. the second big difference is that, while the redondo beach ordinance talked about solicitation, sb is talked about in terms of employment, which then raises the question is this commercial speech? commercial speech maintains some protection under the first amendment, however, not as much as free political speech, hessick said. hessick teaches criminal procedure, criminal law, and federal crimes. her research focuses on aggravation and mitigation in criminal sentencing, the criminalization and punishment associated with child pornography, and other political and doctrinal issues associated with sentencing. she recently published an article in the california law review on the constitutionality of common sentencing factors.
__label__math	0.8169	is my system subject to the updated watershed control requirements? if you are a subpart h system serving fewer than ,000 persons which does not provide filtration, you must continue to comply with all of the filtration avoidance criteria in 141., as well as the additional watershed control requirements in 141.521. title published on the following are only the rules published in the federal register after the published date of title . for a complete list of all rules, proposed rules, and notices view the rulemaking tab. this is a list of united states code sections, statutes at large, public laws, and presidential documents, which provide rulemaking authority for this cfr part.
__label__non_math	0.9655	title published on the following are only the rules published in the federal register after the published date of title . for a complete list of all rules, proposed rules, and notices view the rulemaking tab. the merit systems protection board mspb or board hereby amends its rules of practice and procedure in order to correct several minor errors inadvertently introduced into the board's regulations during a recent comprehensive revision of the board's adjudicatory regulations. the merit systems protection board mspb or board hereby amends its rules of practice and procedure to allow federal agencies, when issuing a decision notice to an employee on a matter that is appealable to mspb, to satisfy the obligation to provide a copy of the mspb appeal form mspb form 185 to an employee by providing the employee with access to a copy of the appeal form, i.e., in paper or electronic form. this is a list of united states code sections, statutes at large, public laws, and presidential documents, which provide rulemaking authority for this cfr part. this list is taken from the parallel table of authorities and rules provided by gpo government printing office . it is not guaranteed to be accurate or up-to-date, though we do refresh the database weekly. more limitations on accuracy are described at the gpo site. - powers and functions of the merit systems protection board - administrative law judges - appellate procedures - regulations the following are all rules, proposed rules, and notices chronologically published in the federal register relating to cfr after this date.
__label__non_math	0.7443	rule-making power generally. rules of procedure and evidence; power to prescribe. rules of procedure and evidence; method of prescribing. rules of procedure and evidence; submission to congress; effective date. publication of rules; advisory committees. pub. l. 100 702, title iv, 401 d ,, 102 stat. , added items to and struck out former items rules of civil procedure , bankruptcy rules , and rules of evidence . the table below lists the classification updates, since , for the contained sections. if there are multiple sections, they are presented in section number order original document order . the most recent classification table update that we have noticed was wednesday, an empty table indicates that we see no relevant changes listed in the classification tables. if you suspect that our system may be missing something, please double-check with the office of the law revision counsel. description of change statutes at large lii has no control over and does not endorse any external internet site that contains links to or references lii.
__label__non_math	0.6432	added pub. l. 105 114, title i, 101 a ,, 111 stat. ; amended pub. l. 105 368, title iv, 403 d ,, 112 stat. ; pub. l. 108 170, title iv, 405 a ,, 117 stat. . subsec. e a . pub. l. 108 170 substituted days for days . subsec. e e . pub. l. 105 368 substituted under secretary of veterans affairs for memorial affairs for director of the national cemetery system . section 101 c ofpub. l. 105 114 provided that: section , united states code, as added by subsection a , shall take effect days after the date of enactment of this act . subsection e of that section shall take effect with respect to the first quarter of calendar year . reports on implementation and operation of equal employment opportunity system section 101 b ofpub. l. 105 114 the secretary of veterans affairs shall submit to congress reports on the implementation and operation of the equal employment opportunity system within the department of veterans affairs. the first such report shall be submitted not later than , and subsequent reports shall be submitted not later than , and . the first report under paragraph shall set forth the actions taken by the secretary to implement section , united states code, as added by subsection a , and other actions taken by the secretary in relation to the equal employment opportunity system within the department of veterans affairs. the subsequent reports under paragraph shall set forth, for each equal employment opportunity field office of the department and for the department as a whole, the following: a any information to supplement the information submitted in the report under paragraph that the secretary considers appropriate. b the number of requests for counseling relating to employment discrimination received during the one-year period ending on the date of the report concerned. c the number of employment discrimination complaints received during such period. d the status of each complaint described in subparagraph c , including whether or not the complaint was resolved and, if resolved, whether the employee concerned sought review of the resolution by the equal employment opportunity commission or by federal court. e the number of employment discrimination complaints that were settled during such period, including i the type of such complaints; and ii the terms of settlement including any settlement amount of each such complaint. assessment and review of employment discrimination complaint resolution system section 103 ofpub. l. 105 114 a agreement for assessment and review. the secretary of veterans affairs shall seek to enter into an agreement with a qualified private entity under which agreement the entity shall carry out the assessment described in subsection b and the review described in subsection c . the secretary shall include in the agreement provisions necessary to ensure that the entity carries out its responsibilities under the agreement including the exercise of its judgments concerning the assessment and review in a manner free of influence from any source, including the officials and employees of the department of veterans affairs. the secretary may not enter into the agreement until days after the date on which the secretary notifies the committees on veterans affairs of the senate and house of representatives of the entity with which the secretary proposes to enter into the agreement. b initial assessment of system. under the agreement under subsection a , the entity shall conduct an assessment of the employment discrimination complaint resolution system administered within the department of veterans affairs, including the extent to which the system meets the objectives set forth in section , united states code, as added by section . the assessment shall include a comprehensive description of the system as of the time of the assessment. under the agreement, the entity shall submit the assessment to the committees referred to in subsection a and to the secretary not later than . c review of administration of system. under the agreement under subsection a , the entity shall monitor and review the administration by the secretary of the employment discrimination complaint resolution system administered within the department. under the agreement, the entity shall submit to the committees referred to in subsection a and to the secretary a report on the results of the review under paragraph not later than . the report shall include an assessment of the administration of the system, including the extent to which the system meets the objectives referred to in subsection b , and the effectiveness of the following: a programs to train and maintain a cadre of individuals who are competent to investigate claims relating to employment discrimination. b programs to train and maintain a cadre of individuals who are competent to provide counseling to individuals who submit such claims. c programs to provide education and training to department employees regarding their rights and obligations under the equal employment opportunity laws. d programs to oversee the administration of the system. e programs to evaluate the effectiveness of the system in meeting its objectives. f other programs, procedures, or activities of the department relating to the equal employment opportunity laws, including any alternative dispute resolution procedures and informal dispute resolution and settlement procedures. g any disciplinary measures imposed by the secretary on employees determined to have violated the equal employment opportunity laws in preventing or deterring violations of such laws by other employees of the department.
__label__non_math	1.0000	casual reception at professor greely's house for students interested in law and biosciences come and join the fun please rsvp to email
__label__non_math	0.9984	office of external relations the office of external relations is comprised of the alumni relations and development functions at stanford law school. the law school's vibrant and informed network of alumni enriches the school, and contributes to its mission in a variety of ways. the office of external relations works throughout the year to connect alumni with each other and the school through intellectual events, social events, reunions, and volunteer activities in admissions and career services. stanford law school fosters a small and collegial environment on campus, and the external relations staff works to foster that sense of community beyond the physical boundaries of stanford. an important objective of the office of external relations is to garner funding to build upon the school's excellence. unique among law schools for its balanced emphasis on both teaching and research, as well as incorporating practical learning in new, innovative, and intellectually stimulating ways, stanford law school requires significant resources beyond the budget funding provided by the university. it is the responsibility of the office of external relations to secure and steward those resources.
__label__non_math	0.9991	learning outside the classroom temple law has long prided itself on teaching excellence. but what happens in the classroom is only one part of a comprehensive legal education. that s why temple offers so many opportunities for students to gain the skills, leadership, and judgment necessary for them to become talented, confident lawyers. all students are encouraged to take advantage of our pioneering clinicals program, in which students actively assume the role of a practicing attorney in real or simulated situations, under the close supervision of an experienced practitioner and teacher. these experiences teach students how to apply what they ve learned in real-life settings, navigating ethical and procedural issues and sharpening fundamental skills. students can also develop courtroom skills through participation on the national trial team or in the moot court honor society. for those who wish to sharpen their research and writing skills, temple law offers four student run publications: the temple law review, the temple political and civil rights law review, the temple journal of science, technology, and environmental law, and the temple international and comparative law review. these experiences help students to develop advanced research, writing, and advocacy skills and offer opportunities for leadership in a variety of legal arenas. temple also fields teams in a number of regional, national, and international advocacy competitions each year. in addition to temple s long history of excelling in trial competitions of every variety, students have enjoyed great success at the aba law student tax challenge, the aba client counseling competition, the giles sutherland rich moot court competition, and the international jessup moot court competition. participation in such competitions offers many advantages: the opportunity to explore an area of interest in much richer detail, the chance to experience how real lawyers apply what they know to solve real problems, and exposure to judges and successful practitioners in their area of interest are just a few. all students are encouraged to join and participate in student organizations that reflect their personal and professional interests as well as aspects of their identity. together, these organizations have formed a vibrant intellectual community with many opportunities for mentorship, discourse, debate, and service. students can engage faculty and practitioners in panel discussions on current events, attend relevant conferences, and network with like-minded practitioners.
__label__non_math	0.9987	mlaw prof pens sustainability blueprint for president's second term by john masson now comes the hard part. matching the soaring rhetoric of the president's second inaugural address with the political realities of his upcoming term is going to call for tough choices. david uhlmann, a professor at michigan law and director of its environmental law policy program, has some ideas about how best to move forward. like using a carbon tax to drive down both greenhouse gas emissions and the deficit. like a national renewable portfolio standard. like combining smart regulation of greenhouse gases with broader sustainability efforts. perhaps even more important, prof. uhlmann said, is the president's willingness to actively campaign for the required changes. "building a sustainable future is going to depend on the president being willing to take his case directly to the american people," he said. "he needs to make climate change, energy policy, and environmental protection top priorities for his second term." prof. uhlmann, the former top environmental prosecutor at the justice department, laid out his blueprint in a policy brief published this week by the american constitution society acs . "toward a sustainable future: an environmental agenda for the second term of the obama administration," outlines major ways the obama administration can make the united states a world leader in ameliorating climate change. it's one of a series of briefs gathered by acs under the heading "toward a more perfect union," featuring short papers by top academics and practitioners around the country on topics such as immigration reform, criminal justice reform, judicial nominations, and campaign finance. read more feature stories.
__label__non_math	0.9780	all cta parking structure entrances are clearly marked with vertical clearances. - parking structures , 2a, , , and have a maximum vehicle height restriction of feet, inches. - parking structures 2b and have a maximum vehicle height restriction of feet. - vehicles exceeding the maximum vehicle height restrictions in the cta parking structures should use parking lot c. economy parking - lot c 96th street and sepulveda boulevard lax operates economy parking lot c with over ,300 parking spaces. lot c provides frequent, free shuttle transport to and from lot c and the central terminal area, stopping conveniently at each terminal curbside. lot c cannot accommodate parking for large trucks, trailers and campers. cell phone waiting lot northwest corner of 96th street vicksburg avenue motorists meeting arriving passengers can wait for free, up to two hours, until passengers call to say they are ready to be picked up in the central terminal area. the lot is adjacent to the southwest corner of lax economy parking lot c and one-quarter mile from the 96th street bridge entrance into lax s passenger terminal area. it is easily accessible from the north and east by motorists using la tijera, sepulveda, manchester and century boulevards to access lax. see lax parking map vehicles must be attended at all times. no parking is allowed in or around the cell phone waiting lot. all vehicles displaying disability placards or license plates may park in parking structures and economy lot and pay the posted fee.
__label__non_math	0.9995	by michael goldstein by dennis romero by sarah fenske by matthew mullins by patrick range mcdonald by la weekly by dennis romero by simone wilson you love the theater, and have alwayswanted to be involved with it. but to be successful in the field is another matter. some would call such an ambition a pipe dream and if your idea of "success" is of the superficial "seeking fame and stardom" variety, then it probably is. on the other hand, if you want to have fun, interact with talented and interesting people, and promote the art form, then there are many paths that you can explore. theater needs more than actors, writers and directors; it also requires people who don t always see their names in the lights or in print, such as the set builder, the wardrobe seamstress and designer, the public-relations staff, and the person who takes the tickets at the door. it takes people like the ones you are about to meet. pablo avelar had never given the theater much thought until five years ago, when, while working at a molding store, he noticed that some of his best customers were in set design. last january, on his way home from work, he passed by the workshop of setstogo in sylmar and made a stop that changed his life. "i saw them carrying out these big, beautiful things," he recalls, "and i thought, that s the kind of stuff i want to do. " avelar introduced himself to tim farmer and mark henderson, who co-founded sets-togo in . they showed him around the shop, explaining what they did and the kind of work it entailed. soon after, this eager young man was added to the crew and has been there ever since. pablo is thrilled when he receives compliments on specific projects that he s worked on, such as the intricate ship piece, seen recently in the geffen playhouse s production of merton of the movies. "i can foresee him running the shop for us in the next couple of years," says henderson. "we were able to teach him from the ground up, and now he s one of the best set carpenters we ve ever had." some people drift away from the theater, only to return to it in unexpected ways. such was the case with elena milberg, who, in , graduated from uc berkeley with a degree in english literature. she had performed onstage extensively, but felt it wasn t her true calling. she took a job at a bank, and one day a customer a script reader for the mark taper forum told her about the taper s internship progam. that conversation was one of discovered possibilities for her. soon after, she had a meeting with terry lemonchek, head of the taper s producing-internship program, where they discussed viable career options. one area mentioned, which had never occurred to milberg, was in the closely related occupations of literary agent and dramaturge, the primary difference between the two being that the former remains with a theater on a permanent basis, while the latter may work only on a particular show. in both fields, one helps analyze and research material to be performed by a company, as well as being the production s historian. after applying, milberg soon found herself under the tutelage of l. kenneth richardson, the director of blacksmiths, a program for emerging african-american playwrights. over a period of eight months, she worked closely with him in a wide range of capacities: as his assistant, narrating staged readings, and serving as a production coordinator. in july of , milberg completed the program, and subsequently landed a job at the geffen playhouse as a marketing associate, a position that involves audience outreach, working with stagebillon the construction of programs, and writing programming notes. she feels extremely fortunate to work in a field that she truly loves. altruism and love for the arts are the twin forces that motivate leigh curran, artistic director and founder of the virginia avenue project. working as an actress and playwright in new york, she became involved with the 52nd street project, a nonprofit outreach program targeting at-risk youth. after several years of active involvement, she got the idea to start a similar program here, and made the move to los angeles in may . soon afterward, she had most of the elements in place. curran partnered with the santa monica police activities league, enabling her to hold workshops at its youth center. she then secured the stage at highways performance space in santa monica and, after a crash course in fund-raising and grant writing, was ready to put the program in gear. the virginia avenue project came to fruition in april , with its first production of original pieces performed by the kids and written by their mentors from the theater community. actors paul dooley breaking away and amy brenneman your friends neighbors and winnie holzman creator of the television series my so-called life are just some of the people who have devoted their time, love and energy to the proj-ect. all five shows at highways were sold out, and the project continues to produce new plays a year with the help of to children and nearly as many theater professionals. curran pairs each child with a volunteer who assists him or her with the project. kids can enter the program as early as age and can remain through high school. whenever someone expresses an interest in volunteering, curran first asks them to do some grunt work for a while: helping with mailings, sitting in on classes and driving children to performances. this way, she weeds out the committed from the curious. find everything you're looking for in your city find the best happy hour deals in your city get today's exclusive deals at savings of anywhere from - check out the hottest list of places and things to do around your city
__label__non_math	0.9995	by sherrie li by falling james by amanda lewis by amy nicholson by amy nicholson by jennifer swann by scott foundas by sherrie li wherever my travels have taken me this year, whether as close as the screening room down the street or as far afield as the cannes film festival in france, the sentiment has been the same: what a banner year it has been for american movies. and at a time when there isn t much about our country that everyone the world over can agree on, these words of praise have been spoken by critics, filmmakers and just plain moviegoers of myriad tongues and nationalities. far be it from me to argue: of the titles i ve managed to shoehorn into the slots below with an eye toward potential double and triple features , all but four are american or american co-productions. even more notable than this surfeit may be the fact that some of the most venturesome work in this annus mirabilis for homegrown cinema came in movies produced and or released by the major hollywood studios or their subsidiary specialty divisions. not that the news was always good: two of those films, zodiac and the assassination of jesse james by the coward robert ford, were expensive commercial failures, while the box-office fate of the riskiest venture of them all, paul thomas anderson s there will be blood, remains to be seen. all of which makes one wonder how willing, with its purse strings already tightened by an ongoing writers strike, hollywood will be to take such risks in the future. for the list that follows, a few ground rules: for no reason other than thinning a very thick herd, i have excluded any mention of deserving films like the extraordinary chinese documentary west of the tracks that opened only in new york and not in l.a., as well as those movies like charles burnett s killer of sheep and my brother s wedding made long ago but only distributed this year. and yet, through no fault of their own, i have failed to find room for black book, death proof, exiled, the host, i m not there, into the wild, the last winter, private fears in public places, the savages and rescue dawn. . there will be blood. see review, page . . colossal youth and regular lovers. in what has become a distressing trend for foreign films in los angeles, the year s two greatest imports registered barely a blip on most moviegoers radar. the first, portuguese director pedro costa s heroic, intransigent movie about the displaced residents of a lisbon housing slum, was limited to a single, sold-out showing at redcat despite receiving a full week s berth in new york ; the second, french filmmaker philippe garrel s fever-dream remembrance of paris in may of , got all of two screenings at lacma during the very first weekend of . but i can rent them from netflix is the popular refrain i hear when i complain to people about this sorry state of affairs. well, in the case of colossal youth, you can t; and the lustrous black-and-white photography of regular lovers cameraman william lubtchansky is something i wouldn t wish to be relegated to even the greatest home-theater system. . months, weeks and days and lake of fire. the romanian abortion movie is the somewhat dubious shorthand that has been bestowed upon director cristian mungiu s searing portrait of life in his home country before the fall of communism which played a one-week oscar-qualifying run in l.a. earlier this month and will return to local theaters in january . in reality, mungiu is less interested in the life-vs.-choice debate than in the way people living in a socially repressive society adapt to circumstance how a pack of cigarettes becomes a form of currency, a hot shower a luxury item. for a more direct if equally nonpartisan confrontation of the abortion issue, there was british director tony kaye s kaleidoscopic, years-in-the-making documentary about left-wing pro-lifers, history-making abortion patients turned anti-abortion advocates, militant soldiers in the army of god, and every shade of the spectrum in between. . zodiac. after there will be blood, the year s other masterpiece of american narrative cinema was david fincher s storage-locker-claustrophobic drama about the collateral victims of the eponymous san francisco serial killer: the cops and reporters who allowed the case to consume and in some cases destroy their lives. dumped into release by paramount during the chill of spring and all but ignored in the year-end awards-whoring hubbub, zodiac will endure long after most of s supposed best pictures have been consigned to the historical dustbin. . ratatouille. not just maybe not even for kids, brad bird s zesty comedy of talent at odds with mediocrity and art at odds with ego represented the full creative flowering of one of the most inspired and imaginative storytellers at work in american movies. a slow-food movie for a fast-food nation, ratatouille offers as ap ritif a dreamlike evocation of the city of lights, for postre an episode of involuntary memory borrowed from proust, and in between some slapstick madness worthy of jacques tati. bon appetit indeed. . no country for old men and the assassination of jesse james by the coward robert ford. two inspired evocations of outlaw life in the american west, one set in the 1980s ?and the other a hundred years before. in adapting cormac mccarthy s circumspect, mordantly funny best-seller about a weary sheriff and an assortment of modern-day bandits on the blood-soaked trail of million in drug money, the brothers joel and ethan coen seemed to rediscover their moviemaking mojo following a couple of dubiously arch comedies that one wishes could be stricken from their r sum s. no less impressive a feat of adaptation was australian writer-director andrew dominik s film version of ron hansen s densely detailed novel about the final days of a storied american outlaw, his upstart assassin, and the birth of american celebrity culture. join my voice nation for free stuff, film info more find everything you're looking for in your city find the best happy hour deals in your city get today's exclusive deals at savings of anywhere from - check out the hottest list of places and things to do around your city
__label__non_math	0.9567	originally posted by kennedy landscaping lets see some of the irrigation side of the business there is some in hesslawns ...one of my sons does full time repairs to i only get involved if he has some trenching and i am available. first picture was a drip line put under the ground but i could find any of the follow up pictures so no interesting. we had just finished puttign the drip lines in and now was ready to lay sod. a lot of this type of work just bring up old system in compliance so no run off. this is a break on a residential.....we have hired a second person part time to do residential so son does commerical this year this is our new repair van. we had a black ford van and it is retired i seen him working so i pulled over to help out this is one of the many repairs on these hoas, they are now years old and a lot of breaks. one asked us to price complete retrofit and when we tol them about k the discussin stopped.
__label__non_math	0.9972	this is m.a.k. landscaping and me okay, well. try and not make you read all night. my name is matt and own operate m.a.k. landscaping in volusia county, fl. we have been in business since february of . we are a full scale landscaping and lawn maintenance company. we do it all, lawn maintenance; cut, edge, weed-eat, clean-up blow, clean-outs, installs, designs, zeroscape, pressure washing, palm and tree trimming, tree removal upto 25ft , stump grinding, clearing and we also run a full hurricane relief support crew with local pd and fpl florida power and light we specialize in property detailing, we have had many jobs that we are called in by home owners or property management companies to show them what to look for on their properties and how to recognize shabby work. we have also picked up many jobs by doing so... go figure. we currently have private residential properties and commercial industrial accounts. running one truck with trailers the toys are listed below . crew - what i started with and my personal never leaves my side set-up pull truck - f150 .9l i6 - 3spd w granny low pace "journey" 6x12 enclosed wright stander " old school wright stander " also old as dirt stihl fs edger stihl fc weed-eat shindiawa 256 multi-tool edger, 12ft hedge trimmer, 12ft pole saw stihl " hedge trimmer stihl 290 chain saw " bar stihl ms650 chain saw "bar stihl 460 magnum blower x2 generac psi pressure washer manual tree trimmer 17ft extend able trailer crew - hurricane relief custom trailer i bought at a yard sale for 700 , had a deere loader on it when i arrived... x axles with low ride, bumper pull and trailer brakes. had a rack built for the front and 4ft walls put on it. at the beginning of any major storm systems that roll through, or a hurricane tornado, we load this puppy up with everything from storage. total generators ranging from 900watts to 8000watts, rent as we go usually, or will sell if they want it that bad two ms650 stihls one " and my " from crew two stihl 420 magnums from crew in the instance of major storms i shut the basic business down and we go into a "safety" mode to say. i lived in fl during charley and i made all kinds of money just cleaning out yards college years and we were out of power for 37days. we had storms blow through in august that had straight line winds of 80mph in areas and i had service calls for two weeks off of trees and debris in properties, then i had three weeks of "preventative" calls so those people didnt have the same issue... was awesome and the only reason i put the second kit together because i hated having my trailer empty and equipment at my mothers. shutting up now, i have to be up at .
__label__non_math	0.9315	on: , : here's my situation. i've done well at a t4 in ma. i'm 2nd in the class and have some academic awards. i anticipate getting a decent scholarship as a result. i will be on law review should i chose to stay. i've been accepted at a t1 in ct, the state i currently reside in and plan to work in post graduation. i will obviously lose the chance at lr, lose my class standing, and it's unknown at the moment what the economic repercussions will be as i haven't received any scholarship info from the t4 as of yet, but pre-scholarship cost of attending the t1 would save me k a year as i'd be eligible for instate tuition. the t4 is well respected in ct, however the t1 does have an advantage as its local. the larger firms in the area hire from both schools, however the t1 has a larger representation in these firms. i plan to talk to some local attorneys about my situation, but what do you guys think? what would you do in my shoes? what do you see as the pro's and con's here?
__label__non_math	0.7766	and as for the ar section games , i think that it doesn't measure one's analythical abilities at all, because people employ analythical reasoning all the time in their lives, and there is no need to draw a diagram to put your thoughts together and come up with a conclusion. i am sure that no lawyer ever uses that system, can you imagine? ...ok, let's see my client violated the rule a, which never goes with the rule cdef.. if a then b, then he also must violated rule c, but if no c then no a well, i agree that listening is important in any kind of education, in law school as wel as in ug. but, it is very different when one has to listen carefully under the pressure of time and anxiety, and in the circumstances of a lecture environment.lectures are usually intercative, and if one doesn't get something heshe can approach the prof. after the class,or do some extra readings. also, there is no need to make premature conclusions regarding person's abilities to perform well in school based on the scores on the test exclusively and especially on the listening section ... zpops:my point was that as a lawyer you don't have to do it within min. except in special circumstances, but even for that you need to have some legal experience at hand . law schools must help people to further develop their skills in reasoning, instead of expecting ug students to be perfect since most schools expect score and up in their reasoning already. law schools certainly can and should expect their applicants to have the most developed skills..but how exactly do you measure them, and "the best developed skills" as compared to whom? lsat mesures only logical and analythical yes, and comprehensive too abilities of the applicant, however, there are many other factors that play a very significant role in determining the future success of a person as a lawyer. following your logic, people who can do well on the lsat and are not very bad in law school will make a good lawyer. altough it might be necessary condition, it is, however, insufficient. as for your arguments, i should probably advise that you read my initial argument on this topic, otherwise you missing many key points which will allow you to construct a valid counteargument to my own. page created in .211 seconds with queries.
__label__math	0.9846	yeah, you can try to get loyola to match, but many schools are having issues right now with endowments, so who knows. the more important issue concerning the scholarships is the requirements to keep the scholly. you need to know the gpa class rank you need to keep the money, and then determine which might be easier to maintain. also, ask how they put people in sections. it's possible that they load one section with students on schol and then let you battle it out to the death, so to speak, knowing that many of you will therefore lose money after the first year.
__label__non_math	1.0000	making lives better through lasting personalized gifts. helping businesses grow and achieve their goals done right, on time. guaranteed. accurate, fast, friendly, and flexible. donkey 3d wood wall clock donkey 3d wood wall clock wtchdon click for larger image and other views price: . pricing based on quantity, price chart below beautiful, elegant and unique dimensional design will catch the recipient's and everyone else's eyes expertly laser cut, this wooden wall tribute is a great gift and award. the recipient will think of your generosity every time they see it proudly displayed on their wall at home or at work. why buy from us choosing a font what is a carabiner? custom laser work sign up for newsletter lazer designs blog connect with us upham st, unit broomfield, co usa more info directions
__label__non_math	0.9993	. risky behavior in youth decreases: results of the new mexico youth risk and resiliency survey showed a significant decrease in the rates of the prevalence of suicide attempts, cigarette smoking and binge drinking among the state's public high school students. the yrrs is conducted in new mexico public high schools and middle schools in the fall semester of odd numbered years. the yrrs surveyed ,635 new mexico high school students. according to the survey, suicide attempts were reported by .percent of high school students, down .percent from a high of .percent in . the percentage of high school students who were current smokers declined from a high of .percent in to .percent in . binge drinking decreased from a rate of .percent in to .percent in . for more information, including reports by new mexico counties, go to . new skilled nursing facility opens: the department of health held a ribbon-cutting ceremony in july for the new meadows home at the new mexico behavioral health institute in las vegas. meadows home is a skilled nursing facility that provides care for up to 180 residents of new mexico. the new building, which is the first of three phases that is being built, replaces buildings that were built in and . the meadows home creates a . west nile resurgence: west nile virus was once again in the national and state spotlight due to a resurgence in the number of human cases of the disease nationwide and in new mexico. in , there were human cases, which included one death in bernalillo county. in there were four human cases and in there were cases. west nile was first detected in in new mexico, with 209 human cases. west nile virus prevention tips can be found online at . prescription drug overdoses increase: in may , the department released data that shows sales of controlled prescription opiate pain relievers increased 131 percent in new mexico between and . during the same period, the state's drug overdose death rate increased .percent. since , the overdose death rate from prescription drugs has exceeded the death rate from illicit drugs such as heroin and cocaine. there is help available for people addicted to prescription medications. the southwest pathways clinic at the las cruces public health office offers medication assisted treatment for persons with opiate dependency in southern new mexico and provides intensive outpatient treatment that may be an alternative to narcotic treatment with methadone maintenance therapy. for more information about southwest pathways, visit . pertussis outbreak: there have been more than 750 cases of pertussis in new mexico this year. this is compared to 277 cases in , 151 cases in and just cases in . pertussis is a vaccine-preventable disease that causes fits of coughing that in some people make it hard to breathe. anyone can get pertussis, but babies who get the disease are at greatest risk of complications, including pneumonia, seizures, brain damage and death. the best prevention from stopping the spread of pertussis is to get vaccinated. the cdc recommends cocooning, which is vaccinating everyone who comes into close contact with an infant, including daycare workers, aunts, uncles and grandparents. find more pertussis information online at to read the full top list, visit happy new year chris j. minnick writes for the new mexico department of health. he can be reached at firstname.lastname
__label__non_math	1.0000	it was an unforgettable afternoon for the ,379 in attendance, players from both teams and most of all, the man in the middle. lewis intends to retire after the ravens complete their playoff run. on sunday, he did his part to ensure that his last home game wouldn't also be the final chapter of his nfl career. "i knew how it started, but i never knew how it was going to end here in baltimore," lewis said. "for it to go the way it went today, i wouldn't change nothing. there were so many moments, so many fans, just the things that were said. the tears that i saw from people, and i was trying to hold it in myself trying to play a game. "just a very, very, very emotional day," lewis said. deftly battling his emotions and opposing linemen, lewis helped the ravens beat the indianapolis colts -in the opening round of the playoffs. although the -year-old middle linebacker dropped a sure interception, his performance and the emotional lift it provided was a key component of the victory. lewis finished up by entering on offense, yards behind the line of scrimmage as baltimore ran a kneel-down to wrap up the game. as the clock ticked down to , he broke into his trademark dance. "it was a neat moment, wearing a brace on his right arm, lewis played for the first time since tearing his right triceps on oct. against dallas. he had seven tackles in the first half, including one in the indianapolis backfield on running back vick ballard during a blitz. early in the second quarter, lewis had a deflected pass in his grasp with designs of taking it into the end zone. but he dropped the ball, and many in the sellout crowd uttered a collective groan. upon being reminded of the drop, lewis chuckled and said, "i'll never live that one down. i'm going to put that one on the brace because i tried to put my arm up but the brace wouldn't come up." he wanted to remove the brace during the game, but thought better of it. "i didn't feel pain," lewis said. "i didn't hurt it one time." baltimore will next travel to denver to face the top-seeded broncos on saturday. there was some question as to how long lewis would last in his first game action in three months. but the aged warrior appeared as fresh as the day he played his first game back in . "i thought he played exceptionally well," harbaugh said. "it's always funny to hear people say, 'well, he's not the same that was years ago.' well, who is?" lewis may have lost a step over the past decade, but he's still good enough to lead a playoff team in tackles. and to some, it was as if lewis was again. "he was himself. he was the same guy you've seen for the last years," teammate cary williams said. "he was the guy who led the huddle, just like always. we followed right behind him because we believe in him." with lewis leading the way, the ravens held the colts without a touchdown. it was only the second time this season that indianapolis failed to score in double figures. as the clock approached the two-minute warning, fans behind the baltimore sideline chanted in unison, "thank you, ray then, with left, the scoreboard aired a montage of lewis' finest plays, including several crushing hits. he responded by clasping his hands together over his head, tapping his heart and waving. minutes before the opening kickoff, lewis thrilled the sellout crowd during introductions by coming out of the tunnel and gyrating to the tune "hot in herre." hundreds of fans had their cellphones raised to either take a picture or videotape the moment. the players were captivated by the scene, too. "i'm sure everyone was affected by it," ravens wide receiver anquan boldin said. "we all wanted to play for him and make sure it wasn't his last game." lewis does the dance only before home games, and this was baltimore's last this season at m t bank stadium. asked if he might consider a reprise if the ravens reach the super bowl, he sheepishly declined comment. after concluding pre-game warmups, lewis addressed the entire team on the -yard line. after his short speech, lewis hugged a few teammates, mingled with family members beyond the end zone and jogged to the sideline, where he engaged in a lengthy embrace with nfl commissioner roger goodell. thousands of fans were wearing no. jerseys. lewis has been a fan favorite in baltimore since he was selected in the first round of the ravens' initial draft in . ken malik, , wore a purple lewis jersey and a broad smile. "it's the end of an era for the baltimore ravens," he said. "he's been a great player. he's stood for what the baltimore ravens are and what they have been since they came to baltimore." there is no age limitation for fans of lewis, who made his nfl debut when kylie o'neill-mullin was . she was wearing a long black tunic with lewis' number on the front and back. "this is a big deal. it's the last time he'll come out of the tunnel," she said. "it's the last time he'll play on this field. i'm excited to be here." one fan had a sign with a purple heart and the no. in the middle. earlier, a helicopter flew overhead with the no. painted on its undercarriage. lewis was elected to pro bowls and is a two-time nfl defensive player of the year. he told his teammates on wednesday, "this will be my last ride." one fan in the crowd had a sign that read: "let's ride to new orleans," site of the super bowl. two more wins, and the ravens will be there.
__label__non_math	1.0000	press contact: audrey fischer 202 707- public contact: leon sciosia 202 707- multiculturalism and the rule of law subject of law day program in recognition of law day , the law library of congress will present a program titled "you be the judge: cross-cultural issues in the courts." the two-hour program will begin at noon on monday, may , in the mumford room, located on the sixth floor of the library s james madison building, 101 independence ave. s.e., washington, d.c. the event is free and open to the public; tickets are not required. in a growing number of cases in state and federal courts all across the country, parties are raising "the cultural defense" invoking the customs and traditions of a diversity of cultural backgrounds to explain their actions. even when these issues are not raised directly, culture is playing a role in many civil and criminal cases. in this engaging and highly interactive presentation, audience members will use hand-held technology to "vote" on the outcome of vignettes drawn from real cases and presented by an inter-disciplinary panel of some of the nation s leading cross-cultural experts. moderated by george washington university school of law professor jonathan turley, the panel will include rene l. valladares, chief of the trial appellate division of the office of the federal public defender, las vegas, nev.; dr. mark j. mills, m.d., j.d., a renowned forensic psychiatrist and professor of medicine at columbia university college of physicians and surgeons; and the hon. delissa a. ridgway, u.s. court of international trade-new york and chair of the american bar association s national conference of federal trial judges. law day is a national day to celebrate the rule of law and its contributions to the freedoms that americans enjoy. in , the american bar association instituted law day to draw attention to both the principles and practices of law and justice. president dwight d. eisenhower established law day with a proclamation in . for more information on law day, visit external link . the law day program is sponsored by the law library of congress with the support of more than organizations, including the american bar association, the district of columbia bar association and the national conference of federal trial judges. founded in , the library of congress is the nation s oldest federal cultural institution. the library seeks to spark imagination and creativity and to further human understanding and wisdom by providing access to knowledge through its magnificent collections, programs and exhibitions. many of the library s rich resources can be accessed through its website at and via interactive exhibitions on a personalized website at myloc.gov. founded in , the mission of the law library is to make its resources available to members of congress, the supreme court, other branches of the u.s. government and the global legal community, and to sustain and preserve a universal collection of law for future generations. with more than .million volumes, the law library contains the world s largest collection of law books and other resources from all countries and provides online databases and guides to legal information worldwide through its web site at
__label__non_math	0.9996	more good foundation. . lds.net is not owned by or affiliated with the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints sometimes called the mormon church or lds church . the views expressed herein do not necessarily represent the position of the church. the views expressed by individual users are the responsibility of those users and do not necessarily represent the position of the more good foundation. for the official church websites, please visit lds.org and mormon.org.
__label__non_math	0.9997	the purpose of this lesson is to motivate us to strengthen church members through fellowshipping. read doctrine and covenants . why is each individual important to heavenly father? regardless of who we are, where we live, what language we speak, or to what race we belong, heavenly father s work and glory is to bring to pass our immortality and eternal life see moses . to help him in this work, the lord has restored the priesthood to earth and given us the responsibility of loving one another as he loves us. it is our responsibility and privilege to help our brothers and sisters receive the blessings prepared by heavenly father for those who are faithful. missionary work is important, but helping our brothers and sisters does not stop with baptism. president gordon b. hinckley said: there is absolutely no point in doing missionary work unless we hold on to the fruits of that effort. the two must be inseparable. these converts are precious. every convert is a son or daughter of god. every convert is a great and serious responsibility. it is an absolute imperative that we look after those who have become a part of us find the lambs, feed the sheep, ensign, may , 108 . read luke . how can we as priesthood holders strengthen others? we are here to help each other progress. we need to take care of one another as children of the lord. president hinckley said, i am convinced that we will lose but very, very few of those who come into the church if we take better care of them ensign, may , 109 . fellowshipping in the church fellowshipping means encouraging and helping each other to enjoy the full blessings of the gospel. it is showing courtesy and kindness, sharing experiences, and extending service and love. we fellowship by being a good friend and neighbor. when we share our time, talents, and possessions with others, we develop a spirit of unity. paul described this unity when he said that the new members of the church were no longer to be strangers but fellowcitizens with the saints ephesians . although we should be friendly and neighborly and try to show our love to all people, giving help and friendship to new and less-active members is a basic priesthood responsibility. the church helps us do this in many ways. it provides programs such as home teaching that encourage us to serve our brothers and sisters. it provides meetings where we can associate with each other. and it provides instruction in the correct expression of our love and concern. we should also be concerned with those families among us who have a father, mother, son, or daughter who is not a member. these families need us. by fellowshipping them and sharing with them our understanding and love, we may help these part-member families become united in the gospel. write on the chalkboard a list of those who need our fellowshipping. ways to fellowship how we fellowship a person depends on the circumstances and our relationship to him or her. the members of one family explained how they fellowshipped a stranger at church: the stranger beside us was uneasy. he looked straight ahead and scarcely breathed. he didn t even smile at our two young children, who always made friends for us. after church, my husband asked the solemn fellow home with us for dessert. a smile relaxed his long face. i was just baptized last week, and then moved into your ward, he explained. he dropped in on us several times a week thereafter, excited about his growing knowledge of the gospel , eager to discuss the scriptures, anxious over his personal affairs. ours was the great joy of watching our brother grow. he was no longer a stranger susan spencer zmolek, the strangers within our gates, ensign, mar. , . home teaching also provides opportunities for fellowshipping. one woman told how her home teachers included her and her son in their activities: i wanted to make a fresh start after a painful divorce, so i took my young son and moved south to finish a college degree. supposing that the climate would be hot, we left our sweaters and blankets in storage. oh, we were cold in our drafty summer cottage that winter, but were too afraid to light the space heaters or ask to borrow blankets. i didn t know anyone. i felt i didn t fit in with the people at church because i was divorced, and i certainly didn t want anyone to think i was a burden . i was so glad when home teachers came list on the chalkboard the different ways to fellowship that were demonstrated in the above experiences. when we feel genuine love for others, our fellowshipping activities extend beyond sunday meetings to other times and activities throughout the week. such activities include inviting them to our homes, social activities, and community and church events. fellowshipping is a sign of a true saint, to whom jesus referred when he said, i was a stranger and ye took me in matthew . the following story shows how two brethren demonstrated genuine fellowship: a young man was lonely and unhappy. his church attendance was irregular, and he found difficulty being dependable in church assignments. two men, both widowers, invited the young man to join them for family home evenings. before long, monday evening became the most important time in his week. there he engaged in many gospel discussions and gained a desire to begin praying more diligently. it was not long before his testimony changed from a passive knowledge to a burning witness of the truth. the two brethren accepted him and extended their friendship in the most total way they knew. they sat with him at church meetings, invited him into their homes for dinner, and helped him fix up his home. before long he was reaching out to others, and he became responsible in his church assignments. one day as he discussed with an acquaintance the joy in his life, the other asked, what do you think caused it to happen? the kindness of two friends has been the most important part, he said. i have come to trust and feel secure in their love, which has helped me do things i never even dreamed were possible adapted from relief society courses of study, , 130 . add to the list on the chalkboard the ways these two brethren fellowshipped the lonely member. one brother told the following story about fellowshipping: susan munson was an active member of the church who had waited patiently for her nonmember husband to show some interest in the church. he had always said, oh, that s fine for you and the kids, honey, but i m just not interested. that s partly true. but jack was also shy. susan finally asked brother caldwell, the ward mission leader, if there wasn t something that could be done. he promised to take the matter up in his weekly missionary meeting. the group decided a block party might be the best way to begin. they asked three member families in the area to plan a backyard party for the munsons and the nobles, an investigating family. all three joined in the fellowshipping. jack, initially reluctant to come, was surprised and delighted with the easy, natural friendliness of the group. by the evening s end, he enthusiastically supported the idea of a second party, a picnic in two weeks. no one said anything about going to church, but allen westover, who had discussed jack s house-painting project at the party, showed up on saturday with his own ladder and came back evenings after work. steve caldwell and glen rivers also helped several times. later that month when the elders quorum had a project, jack was anxious to help them. as the summer progressed, jack spent more and more time with church members. there were chats about fishing rods and politics and raising children, about gardening, working out marital difficulties, and handling job pressures. jack was talking as well as listening. social evenings with different families included family home evenings and spiritual discussions. to susan s great joy, jack told her one evening that he was ready to take the next step of being taught by the missionaries and joining the church. he added: there is nothing more transparent than friendshipping activities without friendship feelings. the feelings must come first. he suggested that we be good listeners, find out about the individual s likes and dislikes, family activities, and business. he stressed that those being fellowshipped need to know we care. ernest eberhard, that part-member family, ensign, july , . what fellowshipping methods used in this story can we add to the list on the chalkboard? display visual -a, fellowshipping activities. mention those activities listed in the visual that have not already been discussed. have the class members suggest other fellowshipping activities. fellowshipping is an important priesthood responsibility. it helps new converts and other church members feel wanted and needed and motivates them to participate in the church. as we accept the responsibility to help others become active in the church, we will experience joy and satisfaction. the lord promises that this joy will be eternal. read doctrine and covenants . how can fellowshipping bring us joy? ask the assigned class member to bear his testimony of how fellowshipping helped him. identify a new convert and fellowship him. increase your fellowshipping of your assigned home teaching families. select a less-active family, and fellowship its members back into church activity. be friendly with all church members, especially those who are strangers. if there is a part-member family in your area, include the nonmembers in church activities. before presenting this lesson: ask a class member to bear testimony about how fellowshipping helped him. he could be a recent convert, a member brought back into church activity, or someone who helped bring another into activity. assign class members to present any stories, scriptures, or quotations you wish.
__label__non_math	0.6344	full figure bra 50b fit is important and we understand that our b-cup creates a perfect fit for your shape
__label__non_math	1.0000	both parramatta and newcastle have named their respective lineups for the round monday night football clash to played at . the venue is parramatta stadium. parramatta coach michael hagan will welcome back centre timana tahu to complement a now full-strength backline. the make-up of the side will depend largely on the fitness of origin stars jarryd hayne wing and nathan hindmarsh second row after wednesday night's third and final clash. nz international krisnan inu has been named on a five man bench. parramatta eels outfit luke burt, jarryd hayne, ben smith, timana tahu, eric grothe, brett finch, tim smith, josh cordoba, mark riddell, fuifui moimoi, nathan hindmarsh
__label__non_math	1.0000	kids pillow cover buy or more; save .on each item : our pillow cover is made of soft, premium cotton so its gentle against young skin. choose flannel or poplin in pink, blue, red, navy or white. machine wash. made to fit our kids hypoallergenic pillow "l x "w. designed by onestepahead personalize it for just more see product details
__label__non_math	0.9986	how to play bring me some water by melissa etheridge this is a great song, and on this page im going to explain how to play bring me some water by melissa etheridge. melissa etheridge has been around the music business since she was a teenager in the mid 's playing in all male country bands. after leaving the berklee college of music in boston in the early 's, she headed out to los angeles to get a music career started. you've heard the old saying "right place at the right time". well one of women in the bar that night was married to music manager bill leopold who helped etheridge get more exposure. one thing led to another and by , her first album, "melissa etheridge" was slated for release. just four days before release, her record company rejected the final product, so in four days, changes were made and her first album spawned the single "bring me some water". how to play bring me some water by melissa etheridge kirby style chord wise this is a pretty simple song. im using a g - f - c - d and a d7. in the beginning parts of the verses you can hammer on the d string and catch the b string on the first while on the g chord. and on the c chord, grab the bottom string briefly on the first string. further on in the song we move from the g chord, to an em and f, but just on the bass. the the am chord and up to the c chord. the hardest part is singing this one fron a guys point of view.
__label__non_math	0.6682	session 5guided channel-talklife posting dogs and cats are great examples of animals whose diversity is the result of artificial selection. the variation that is evident among breeds has been purposefully developed by breeders. in your channel-talklife posting for this session, describe how you could develop a unit on the fundamentals of evolution e.g., variation, adaptation, natural selection using these animals. be sure to discuss how you would tailor the concepts addressed during this session to the grade level you teach. breeders for thousands of years have bred dogs for particular purpose. in ancient china the chow was admired for its loyalty to owner and its ability to withstand harsh temperatures. the poodle swims very well and is very intelligent. the terrier breed is known for its tenacity and for catching rats. in third grade i would ask each student to chose a breed of dog or cat and then research the characteristics of that breed in regard to physical traits. i would then ask the students to share with the class how the breed differs from others and why breeders have selected those qualities. i would then discuss how it is that breeders can purposefully bred dogs that have puppies with those desirable characteristics. session guided channel-talklife posting both the national science education standards and benchmarks for scientific literacy propose standards or goals for understanding big ideas in evolution starting in the elementary grades. of the ideas addressed in session variation, genes, mutation, adaptation, natural selection, artificial selection and session species, evolution of new species, relatedness, common ancestry, tree of life , which do you consider appropriate introduce at the grade level you teach? why? discuss this with your colleagues in your channel-talklife posting for this session. be sure to share any experiences you've had. in third grade appropriate concepts to introduce are: variation adaptation, genes, natural selection, artificial selection, species, evolution of new species, tree of life and common ancestry. i think that if conversations develop within the classroom at an early age that teachers should have the knowledge and background in science to explain these concepts in an age appropriate way. i think that it would be unprofessional to teach the vocabulary only and not provide hands-on activities for younger children to be able to begin making connections with these concepts. i have taught some evolutionary concepts when our classroom conversations went in that direction, but evolution is not part of the third grade curriculum. channel-talklife mailing list received on sun oct :
__label__non_math	0.9730	i've been tasked with exploring issues related to succession planning. by "succession planning" i am referring to a problem where veteran employees are leaving -- in this case retiring -- and replacements will need to be in our case, the retirees are ph.d.'s that have over the years acquired highly specialized, very proprietary skills. these people have been with the company sometimes over years. their knowledge is primarily in their there are various aspects to this role. first, i'd like to get advice from people who have been in this position as to what issues i may not even be thinking of up front and how such things have can be addressed. secondly, i'd like resources to which i can turn to explore this topic more fully. third, i'd love to get hear some "best practices" and case studies on this there are many side to this problem. among other things: we will have to deal with the technical, cultural, and process problems related to capturing the retirees' knowledge we will have to deal with the same types of problems related to communicating this knowledge to the replacements we will have to implement effective systems to prevent this problem from resurfacing in the future. what else? thanks in anticipation of the help i know this list is great about giving. "bryant, jb" learning-org -- hosted by rick karash public dialog on learning organizations --
__label__non_math	0.9971	results to of maritime raid force hones precision shooting skills5 by cpl. john robbart , 15th meu imperial valley, calif. precision-like shooting has become more than a goal for the 15th marine expeditionary unit s maritime raid force, it s a requirement. to meet this standard, they proved their skill to special operations training group during a live-fire qualification, may . the qualification involved shooting on the move from up to yards away and, for those armed with a pistol, it included a weapons transition while closing in on a target. completing this course is the first step marines took before beginning more in-depth exercises as the ground portion of realistic urban training moves forward. the live-fire marksmanship is a way for marines to improve their firing skills, confidence and ability to engage their targets effectively, said 2nd lt. mitchell x. rhyner, platoon commander, security element, mrf, 15th meu. our goal for the marines is surgical shooting, added the -year-old native of state college, penn. rhyner defined surgical shooting as hitting exactly where you want to hit on a target, and the precise standard he sets for his marines is no easy feat. these elite warriors are required to have percent of their shots land in the designated portions of the target in order to qualify. we make every effort possible to minimize collateral damage while accomplishing our mission, said sgt. kyle m. savoy, force reconnaissance marine, assault element, mrf, 15th meu. shooting in the designated areas is demanded of us because when we are called upon to apply our training, not being proficient could result in the wrong people getting hit, added the -year-old native of los angeles. at the end of the day, brilliance in the basics was what was evaluated in the marines. this was a great opportunity for me to apply the basics and perfect them, said lance cpl. tyler d. coleman, machine gunner, security element, mrf, 15th meu. it s important to remember to control your breathing to achieve an accurate shot, added the -year-old native of oxnard, calif. the 15th meu is comprised of approximately ,300 marines and sailors and are conducting this training to prepare for their deployment scheduled for this fall. users browsing this thread there are currently users browsing this thread. members and guests
__label__non_math	0.9738	- special sections - public notices gofer wood. anybody know where i can find any? i wonder if any of the local lumber stores carry gofer wood. next, we need a large field to begin construction, and some way to gather two of every animal. of course, i am referring to the biblical story of noah and the ark he built before a massive flood that lasted days and nights and the ark was the only protection from the waters. recently, we may have not had days and nights of rain, but it sure seems like it. over about the past two weeks many locations around marion county have picked up rainfall in double-digit amounts. the current forecast does not show much improvement. however, many areas to our north and west have picked up even more and flooding in those areas is a major problem. another threat that has accompanied our excessive rainfall is severe weather. with nearly all of our recent rainstorms, there always seems to be the risk of high winds and or large hail. can t we just have a regular thunderstorm anymore? one morning as i was driving from my house to the farm, i was attempting to listen to the radio. i couldn t get a full song in without hearing that familiarly annoying computerized voice telling us where the next warning has been issued by the national weather service. you know the voice. it always follows those hideous warning sirens that you cannot avoid. my drive is only half an hour long and i got to hear this at least eight times that morning. this type of weather pattern wreaks total havoc on any type of outdoor sports schedule. i have lost count of how many games have been cancelled and need to be rescheduled. the question i now ask has changed from is the game cancelled, to the more realistic; the game is cancelled, right. one week in particular that i can remember, the baseball team had four games scheduled, and weren t able to get on the field that week until friday. now there are games stuck in the schedules on any free day, and we have to try to adjust on the fly and cover them. as many of you know, i also farm. this lovely weather pattern that we are seemingly stuck in is thoroughly screwing up what little scheduling there is on a farm. there are certain things that have to be done on the farm during this particular time of the year. for many farmers around this area, corn planting is on their minds but their fields are in dire need of some sunshine and some wind the normal kind, just breezes . there are only so many inside jobs on the farm, especially this time of year when most of the work is supposed to be outside. who can forget what happened one year ago this past weekend. somewhere between and inches of rain fell in a very short time causing some of the worst flooding in this area, ever. those floodwaters tried to literally wash bradfordsville off the map, and deposited a mountain of debris all over marion county. recently, i have begun to wonder what i am supposed to do. both of my jobs are off schedule because of the rain, and i m looking for some sense of normalcy. maybe i should go out and buy some stock in windshield wipers or ponchos. i m sure that those items are on the rise during this spell. in closing, i would like to take time to mention all those people in alabama that recently had everything destroyed by multiple tornadoes. over 200 casualties were reported in alabama alone, and the survivors are left with the unenviable task of rebuilding after some of the strongest winds on the planet. recently the federal government declared alabama a level one natural disaster, the same level that hurricane katrina caused in new orleans and the same level given after the terrorist attacks of . in hackleburg, ala., and smithville, miss., the national weather service has confirmed that ef-tornadoes touched down. an ef-tornado is the strongest on the enhanced fujita scale used to rank tornadoes by wind speed. winds inside these particular twisters were in excess of 200 miles per hour. the hackleburg tornado was on the ground for miles and left a path of destruction of a mile wide while the smithville twister was down for nearly three miles with a -mile wide base. this marks the first day that two separate ef-twisters were confirmed since in kansas. three other ef- s were also reported in alabama and georgia on that same day. please keep the families of those who lost loved ones in your thoughts and prayers.
__label__non_math	1.0000	lisa graham, the woman accused of hiring a hit man to kill her -year-old daughter and whose capital murder trial ended in a mistrial in september, was freed thursday from the russell county jail. we are glad to have her home after five and a half years, a relative said friday, citing a gag order still in force on the case. graham, , was released about p.m. after the family was able to secure a lower million. graham had been jailed on a capital murder charge since her july arrest in the death of her daughter, shea graham. the womans body was found with multiple gunshots off a rural road off alabama highway 165. kenneth walton, an employee in the family business, also was charged with capital murder but pleaded guilty in june to shooting the shea graham. at grahams trial in september, judge george r. greene abruptly declared a mistrial, citing health issues as the third day of testimony was set to begin. under the terms of grahams release, she must live at her mothers home in ladonia, is prohibited from leaving russell county, must not have contact with other witnesses in the case and she must wear an ankle monitoring bracelet. a lee county judge has set a trial date for june . the relative said the family is aware the case is not over as they seek peace. we dont know whats going to happen now other than we got her out on bond, the relative said. we dont know if there is going to be a monkey show out here for five years. at least she is not behind bars. since leaving the jail, graham has been calm and glad to be out. we are just happy to have her home, the relative said. the relative noted the changes the family has endured since graham was charged in her daughters death. five and half years of this is five and half years too long, the relative said. they put this family through a living hell. her son is five half years older and we need to put an end to all of it where we can get some peace in our life.
__label__non_math	0.9725	the flexible led video display screen is a newly patented product. it is easily operated and used for rapid deployment and transportation and is dedicated controlled by led studio control systems, which support live video format. the flexible led display system has aroused great interest all over the world. . the flexible led display is flexible and transparent. . it offers a high refresh rate. . the flexible led display is easy to maintain and quick to repair. . it has a clear vivid image quality. . it has ce, rohs, and fcc. the flexible led display is a lightweight and portable drapery designed for tv stations, concerts, special event backgrounds, bars, disco halls and advertisement. technical parameters of the flexible led display best wisdom is a china-based flexible led display manufacturer and supplier. we also offer sports led display screen, moving led message sign, led panel light, led spotlight, led tube light, and led street light, to name a few.
__label__non_math	0.9999	fans of james bond will have a licence to thrill at leeds industrial museum at armley mills this week as a unique piece of 007 memorabilia goes on public display as part of the yorkshire wool week celebrations. ahead of the world s most famous superspy reappearing on big screens in skyfall at the end of the month, a replica of the suit worn by daniel craig in the last bond film quantum of solace will be one of the must-see items on show as armley mills celebrates wool week from october -. the suit, created by star designer tom ford will be returning to its yorkshire roots for the exhibition, as it was made with cloth produced by taylor lodge of huddersfield. other items on display will include the coat worn by television detective miss marple and a coffin made from wool by hainsworth of leeds as yorkshire plays it part in the national celebration in the museum which was once the world s largest woollen mill. aside from the exhibition, yorkshire wool week will also offer free masterclasses in teaching age-old knitting and crochet techniques, as well as talks and workshops from some of the world s biggest names in knitting including designers debbie bliss, martin storey and amy singer from knitty.com. the sessions are suitable for people of all ages and ability levels, with volunteers on hand to teach the basics of knitting and crochet to anyone keen to start. there will be a look back at some of the classic novelty sweaters from the 1980s which inspired a trend, and a vision of the future too as a selection of garments designed by graduate fashion students from huddersfield university will be displayed. keeper of leeds industrial museum at armley mills nina baptiste said: the wool week celebrations with the exhibition, workshops, talks and masterclasses are going to be great fun so we are really looking forward to it. showing off the james bond suit in its native yorkshire is going to be great so we hope lots of people come along for a look. exhibits are included in admission to the museum during yorkshire wool week, for full details and to book tickets for masterclasses and other events go to notes to editors: yorkshire wool week has been organised by armley mills museum, leeds fashion works and leeds-based knitting retailer baa ram ewe. the week is part of the campaign for wool s wool week, of which hrh prince charles is the patron. armley mills leeds industrial museum: housed in what was once the world's largest woollen mill, leeds industrial museum houses a wealth of gems located in a beautiful riverside setting. step back in time to learn about the industrial history of leeds from manufacturing textiles and clothing to printing, engineering and locomotives, which the city was world famous for. baa ram ewe: based in headingley, leeds but selling to knitters all over the world, british wool specialist baa ram ewe is embracing its philosophy to be more than just a wool shop. it s an active, varied community, committed to putting yorkshire back on the wool map, as well as encouraging the use of british wool. leeds fashion works: the inspiration for leeds fashion works emerged from leeds status as a high fashion retail destination together with the deep heritage in the yorkshire textile industry. today one in three of the uk s textile weaving jobs are based in the leeds city region along with of the uk s textile and fibre preparation and spinning. leeds fashion works aims to bring together educational institutions, skills training and the undisputed interest that young people have in the world of fashion to promote the leeds city region as a centre of excellence and innovation, and highlight yorkshire textiles. for further information on the leeds industrial museum at armley mills, visit the website at or call 263 . for media enquiries please contact: roger boyde, senior communications officer, leeds city council, tel 247
__label__non_math	1.0000	date:monday leeds united boss neil warnock says his squad will have to show the resolve they have so far this season to get through what he describes as a horrific month. leeds return to league action this weekend after the international break when they travel to cardiff city and warnock believes the games don t get much easier in the month against sides who have splashed the cash this summer. speaking on yorkshire radio, warnock said, "this is a horrific month and we just have to try and get through and hope we are still in touch. "all the teams we are playing against have spent far more than we have and have bigger wage bill." leeds have picked up seven points from their opening four games in what looked a difficult start to the season, with home games against wolverhampton wanderers and blackburn rovers, who both came down from the championship last season as well as the trip to last season s play-off final runners-up blackpool.. leeds picked up four points from those games, they were only denied maximum points against wolves and blackburn, when after trailing -to blackburn in the opening half hour they led going into the final ten minutes only for the visitors to equalise late on. warnock believes the players have to continue to show that fighting spirit. "we have shown already, the lads don t know when they are beaten and we have got to show that resolve," added warnock. after the trip to cardiff, leeds face hull city in midweek at elland road, who splashed .million on striker nick proschwitz. nottingham forest visit elland road next and they have also splashed the cash following their takeover by kuwaiti businessman fawaz al hasawi, spending million on striker simon cox. leeds visit bristol city for their final game of the month and even they have spent over million on a striker this summer, with sam baldock signing from west ham united. unlike these, leeds have continued to trade in the bargain basement of the transfer market and the longest takeover in the history of english football continues to drag on, with leeds seemingly no nearer to new owners. vital leeds are the proud sponsors of the thames valley whites regional supporters club the fastest growing leeds united supporters club in the south of england, with over 200 members since its formation in april , travel to all games home and away. the branch has pick up points at basingstoke, reading, didcot, abingdon, oxford, bicester and banbury and will consider other pick up points on request. vital leeds offers everything that a leeds united supporter could wish for. if you can think of something and suggest it, we ll put it on the website with news and views, along with a forum, polls and article comments, everything you need in a fans site is right here you can even win prizes, by posting articles comments, posting on the message forum and voting on the polls. vital is also interactive. not only can you have your say on the articles and the forum but you can also suggest an article or a poll so you can air your views. so why not join vital today? it's easy to register here and enjoy getting involved to visit the message board, click here. this website is your website and we are looking for people to help run the site. do you go to most of the games and have an opinion? why not write a match report? perhaps you are a budding journalist or even just someone who is very opinionated? well why not join our team? if this interests you please contact vital leeds . vital leeds is now available on both facebook and twitter, so if you are that way inclined and more importantly understand all this new fangled dangled stuff, feel free to watch us, poke us or whatever else you are meant to do there vital leeds on: vital leeds on: join vital leeds it's easy to register here, simply click the link and enjoy getting involved date:monday lufc on this day - may 18th saturday lufc mcdermott encouraged by club owners friday lufc byram in world cup squad friday lufc on this day - may 17th friday lufc where do we most need to strengthen? thursday on this day may 16th - milan defeat still wrong thursday lufc pearce - lees deserves his call-up wednesday taylor: everyone thinks byram's off to premiership wednesday lufc on this day - may 15th wednesday lufc thompson ready to fight for place tuesday leeds utd : : charlton : : charlton : : charlton : : leeds utd : : leeds utd : : hull city : :
__label__non_math	0.9227	only a surrealist would think it was a good idea to start up a magazine in the middle of a recession, and thank goodness this one did. polarity is the beautifully produced brain child of geroge ttoouli. here s what the reiki practitioner and creative writing lecturer had to say for himself . tell us a small personal secret we can broadcast to millions. i m short, hairy and have moons for testicles. no, ok, but i think georges bataille s story of the eye is one of the masterpieces of literature. why write more if you can get so much out of a novella like that? also, i m a reiki practitioner. talking of writing, tell us about your new magazine, polarity. polarity started out as a conceptual convergence of multi-disciplinary contemporary surrealist artists as a way of re-energising the movement of anti-mainstream art without falling into avant garde cerebralism. actually, i m not entirely sure what it s about. it just felt like the right way to go about putting a magazine together. i m bored senseless with most art mags, where you re encouraged to turn to the contents page, then the contributor notes, before any actual art has hit you. the magazine s about the creative work, and about the joy that comes from creative work. surrealism s a loose term we ve positioned ourselves in the gravitational pull of. why did you decide to set up at this particular moment? i remember having a chat with some of my graduating students about how they should start a magazine, or some kind of project. i fielded a couple of magazine ideas. one was polarity a magazine in which the work would be organised along a spectrum between two polarised themes. the other was doppelganger, a magazine that imitated a different mainstream magazine each issue, satirically. so one issue could be an id mag piss take, the next might hit nuts, then readers digest, etc. i m throwing that out to the world because it s got practical issues i don t think i will ever want to face potential copyright, lots of hard work each issue trying to get content in on different themes. so polarity won that discussion and we started talking about timescale and so on. to be honest, we decided to set up before the banks collapsed. something interesting investment banker daniel yarrow said in interview recently that for any project planning you should double the costs, double the length of time it takes to complete and halve the expected revenue. common knowledge, but if i d read that back when we were starting, i might not have started polarity. so what s the basic structure of the magazine, do you have themed issues? we concoct the themes through intense editorial discussions, usually with alcohol present. the themes exist to provide an extra context for the art works imagine a book of british wildlife in which all the animals photographed were dead. flattened hedgehogs, splattered badgers, a pile of dead chaffinches. the context of expectation is completely fucked. i like that. with themes like death vs. taxes, we had to be very careful not to gravitate towards the obvious. our art editor attempted a no skulls rule for her side of things, which nearly worked nicholas hudson paine s piece was too lush to ignore. rules are there to be broken. but some of the work doesn t seem connected to the themes, so by positioning within these contexts, the work gains extra dimensions. each issue is then an argument of sorts, when taken as a whole. it s an idea i ve adapted from likestarlings, where the context of a dialogue through poetry energises the work greatly. each issue has a single quotation underlying it so far we re consistent in our inconsistency, but give us a few more issues before we prove that point . issue : arms vs. song is underpinned by epic poetry of arms i sing... . : white vs. purple works from a line from an edgar allan poe story about white and purple water. the quotations aren t directly connected to the work we ve commissioned, or had submitted, as it makes for greater leaps of ideas. who are your influences? the believer is in there, with the whole of mcsweeney s. one thing that puts me off about mcsweeney s is that it s very parochially californian. i think it s fantastic, but there s room for something darker, more european in vibe. so we threw bataille s documents into the mix, along with a touch of bomb. the us has it all right now, with indie magazines, some great stuff over there. here in the uk i ve found a few interesting things phosphor in leeds, welsh mag patricide. but whenever i ve asked people if there s anything like the believer over here, they point a bit vaguely to things like the idler, which does what it does, but lacks the delight of surrealist practitioners, or they just shrug. and target audience? in terms of audience, well, yes, we re working on that. it s out there though there s a fractured spread of people across the country who are into the weird obsessives, collectors, dalkey archive fans, those kind of people. we need a lot of help with our marketing. my favourite article in the magazine was the geoff dyer piece. it was like a new form of literary criticism. is it your hope to find new art forms? that was partly an accident, as most of the best experiments in art and science tend to be. we have a no reviews rule, and when i tapped on scott for something as a favour, he came back with something a bit too traditional for our tastes. so i asked if i could put it in a rewrite mix. i alphabetised the sentences, turned it into an abecedarian poem of sorts. he took a look, liked it, shuffled a couple of things out of order rules are there to be broken, of course and we ended up with a semi-poem semi-review. i ve since learned of these experiments loosely falling under the category of lyrical essays . i m reading david shields reality hunger at the moment; the whole book sets out and practices a manifesto for lyrical essay writing, the creative in creative non-fiction. i m not interested in finding the new so much as finding delight. that s the problem i have with a lot of work i ve read in my search for something like polarity there s a lot of joyless, po-faced stuff out there. surrealists or situationists? definitely surrealists. capitalism is just one of the problems, but the moral, political aesthetic is key to what we do. i don t take society seriously any more, though. i find government, law, order, all these are near-irrelevances to my day-to-day operations. even the recession, to some extent, is just icing on the cake of my daily life. capitalism is an ideology like any other. something to be parodied, adopted and rejected. sure, i have to sell enough copies to keep the magazine going and i want it to be read, but if i could give this stuff away for free, i would. i see that as the most political aim i could have. is surrealism the best genre to awaken us from our intellectual slumber? surrealism works within a moral frame, but for me, ultimately, if the work is done well enough it will carry a moral message in itself. by taking people away from their expectations, spiritual growth occurs, so the art can defamiliarise, or reconstitute the basic building blocks of communication, and that is enough to create change. that equips people for activism, for thinking outside of boxes. change is better than stagnation in all cases, though the end products are not, necessarily. what do you hope to achieve? long term i hope to make the magazine a platform for a community, modelled on lewis hyde s notion of how artistic communities work see the gift . you could call that community the new surrealists , if you like, though i still think of that idea as partly an attempt to see if i can manufacture the idea of a new art movement simply by declaring it exists. the mag is beautifully presented, a real work of art in itself. who s responsible for this and how important do you think this is in shifting copies? i ask as the temptation for a new press is usually to be more economical in production. james harringman of studio harringman is our designer. i knew i wanted a square magazine, and the general vibe to the pages. he came up with the masthead, the overall look, the page layout, after several draft designs. yes, it costs what it looks like it costs. but i see that as part of the resistance to the conventionalising forces of capitalism and society as a whole: we could have gone for a lot cheaper if we d fitted a printer s standard machine sizes and so on, but that would have been soulless. the reaction has been worth it so far. we ve had nothing but positive reactions to the look of the magazine, and the free supplement incidentally, each issue will have a free artefact with it; the first was designed by me, and produced with the help of nine arches press, who put out beautiful poetry pamphlets . you mention nine arches press, someone who we work with on a spoken word event shindig one of the big things we ve noticed is trading events, cross-marketing. the best connections we ve had are through people who are willing to work openly, in good faith, in sharing their cultural outlets. so when we host a launch, we promote work by people like nine arches press, who helped us with production, as i said. and they do the same for us. they ve got a good thing going with event nights around the midlands. there s also penned in the margins in london, who are big on regional partnerships. and since coming to nottingham i ve had a great reaction from people up there, there s a great community. i also want to try and establish links to phosphor and patricide; i see them as our serious, intellectual cousins. i would advise people to take note of the principles in lewis hyde s the gift. i can t recommend that book highly enough. the spirit of giving underpins how creative communities survive. i m less interested in formalised rules, systems like independent publishing alliances and so on; they have their place, but they re ultimately too focused on the commoditisation of the art to bring people into a relationship. polarity needs a community, not sales, to survive. i ll get my money elsewhere to keep it going. how can people contribute? you can email any of the editors with ideas, suggestions, or work at any time. details on the polarity website: . we re just about full for issue , but still looking at things.
__label__non_math	1.0000	ventres, sarah roby stevenson age , of santa fe, nm and guilford, ct, formerly of hopkins and st. paul, mn, died . "sally" was born on in chicago, il. she graduated from roycemore academy and northampton school for girls, attended ohio wesleyan university. and received degrees from northwestern university bs and the university of st. thomas mba . she was a member of kappa kappa gama and the junior league. at , having retired from a career in healthcare administration in minneapolis st. paul, sally joined the peace corps and served in haiti . sally's essay about her peace corps experience appeared in the anthology an inn near kyoto: writings by american women abroad new rivers press, and her efforts on behalf of the haitian people continued for the next years, including work with refugees in miami and several return visits. moving to santa fe, nm in , her volunteerism focused on international relations and community advocacy through the old santa fe association, the santa fe council on international relations, global volunteers, and the international folk art market. she is survived by her daughter katherine ventres canipelli of guilford ct; her son william brainerd ventres md ma of san salvador, el salvador; her grandchildren roby ventres-pake and cory ventres-pake; and her brother richard corwine stevenson of sandhurst, kent, england. be the first to share your memories or express your condolences in the guest book for sarah roby stevenson. published in santa fe new mexican on
__label__non_math	1.0000	judith d. grimaldi judith grimaldi s unique perspective on the issues facing the elderly and those with disabilities was shaped by more than a decade of field experience as a social worker. this included directing lutheran medical center s community care organization, serving as a gerontology instructor in marymount manhattan college s gerontology program and working on staff at the new york city department for the aging. wanting to do more, ms. grimaldi became an attorney and joined the ground-breaking elder law firm, freedman fish, which eventually became freedman fish grimaldi. in , after years of practicing law, she joined with pauline yeung-ha to form grimaldi yeung llp, an elder law and estate planning firm that serves the new york metropolitan region. clients rely on ms. grimaldi to help with the medicare medicaid application process and benefit from her particular focus on family caregivers and homecare. ms. grimaldi is part of a large italian family and enjoys spending time with them which often includes cooking. she enjoys ny theater dance. she is also active in community service and historic preservation serving on several boards of non for profits, focused on aging and health services. she has two grown sons and a granddaughter, and makes her home in her native brooklyn.
__label__non_math	0.9279	b the fund shall consist of any moneys appropriated by the legislature, any compliance assessments collected by the commission, any gifts, bequests or other contributions to the fund from private entities or electric customers and any interest or other return on the moneys in the fund. any moneys remaining in the account at the end of a fiscal year, including accrued interest, do not revert to the general revenue fund and remain in the account. c any donations to the fund collected by an electric generation supplier or electric distribution company shall be forwarded to the public service commission and the commission shall deposit such moneys in the fund. d the division of energy shall provide for the distribution of moneys from the fund in the form of matching grants to state institutions of higher education for demonstration, commercialization, research and development projects relating to alternative and renewable energy resources and energy efficiency technologies. the division of energy shall consult with and receive recommendations from the public energy authority, the economic development authority and the department of environmental protection to establish eligibility criteria for the awarding of grant moneys under this section. the division of energy may update said criteria as necessary to comply with the requirements of this section. e within two years of the effective date of this section, and each year thereafter, the division of energy shall file a report with the governor, the president of the senate and the speaker of the house of delegates containing, at a minimum: i a description of all actions taken by the division of energy pursuant to this section; ii an accounting of total deposits into and expenditures from the fund during the previous twelve months; and iii a description of any projects that received a distribution from the fund during the preceding twelve months, including the projects' objectives, current status and results, if any. note: wv code updated with legislation passed through the 1st special session
__label__math	0.5485	main content acceptable use policy this statement represents a guide to the acceptable use of the michigan compiled laws and michigan legislature online services the services . the following guidelines will be applied to determine whether or not a particular use of the services is appropriate: users must respect the legal protection provided by
__label__non_math	1.0000	today's game blends natural ability along with the combination of lane conditions and matching equipment. when you fuse all of those elements together you come up with the seasons from wayne fleming and jacqui reese. the duo has been named express-times bowlers of the year and for the -year-old fleming it's his first while reese seems to have been around forever. but at it's her 14th time being named the best. reese first captured the spotlight back in when as an -year-old she put a stranglehold on the junior girl's scoring that she didn't relinquish until leaving for the adult ranks in . she averaged 179 that season and could not have imagined that all of those practice games would pay off to the tune of a 235 norm this season at bel-pike. "i think i score there because the lanes are still wood and i can adjust using ball speed," said the roseto resident who carded a dozen 700s at the white township center. "i like bowling with the people there." fleming, who hails from hackettstown, came into the campaign looking to continue the string of averages he owns over the 230 plateau. but by late december he had his average hovering in the 250s at oakwood and pointed to one element for his huge start. "i was using a lane black panther but when i got to 250 i ran into a slump for three or four weeks," he said. "lane came out with the droid and it revitalized my game. it just suits my game better and matches up with oakwood. i was just riding the ride until it stops." reese is a member of brunswick's staff meaning she gets a chance to try the company's equipment. she said it's helped but prefers to call on her immense talent to make the necessary adjustments. "i'm just not used to people telling me what to do and where to stand," she said. "i like making my own adjustments." reese said she's never really wanted to put herself out there. but with perfect games in the bank along with nearly double digit 800s, she accepts it and is frustrated at the same time. "the saddest thing in the world is there's no women's tour," reese said. "it stopped in right when i would have wanted to give it a try. now there's the women's bowling alliance who's hoping to get a few national tournaments together. i'm hoping it works out." reese is coming off another good run at the usbc queens tournament held in texas in april where she qualified 47th and went two up and two down in match play earning ,250. "that was the toughest queens," reese said. "it was different this year because every pair was either overreacting or under reacting." fleming is using momentum from the past nine months to get more involved in tournament action. he finished second in all-events at the morris county tournament that included his eighth perfect game of the season. "that was a highlight and i'm proud of the 815 i had at bel-pike on the last night of the bi-state traveling league," he said. "i wound up at 222 and an away average of 226." fleming sat at a fraction over 240 heading into the last night of the season. needing 720 to maintain 240, some wondered if he should show up at all. it would have been easy to take the high road and be a no show. but fleming was having none of that. "i didn't miss a night in either league and i was not going to back into it," he said. the eight perfect games give fleming a total of and he nabbed his career-best 847 back in february at oakwood. both fleming and reese can feast on area lanes without the aid of good equipment, but it sure does help.
__label__non_math	0.9992	prof. sanford presenting research on guatemala at university of london professor victoria sanford anthropology will present her research on impunity in guatemala at the school of advanced study, university of london, this friday . the presentation is part of the fratricide and fraternit seminar series sponsored by the university's school of advanced study and supported by the andrew w. mellon foundation. joining dr. sanford in making presentations will be international scholars from europe, africa, asia, and the u.s. this meeting is the last in the seminar series, which explores the causes and consequences of neighborly atrocities across history, cultures, and continents from republican rome to kenya's rift valley. it seeks to answer two questions: what turns neighbor against neighbor? and how do neighbors live together again after atrocity? the seminars bring together all ten institutes in the school of advanced study, as well as a range of distinguished british and international scholars, to investigate neighborly atrocities from an extensive range of thematic, disciplinary, methodological, geographic, and temporal perspectives. in her research, professor sanford applies anthropological and archaeological methods to obtain evidence about past human rights violations. she has conducted extensive research in colombia, ecuador, el salvador, guatemala, mexico, nicaragua, and south africa and won several fellowships, awards, and honors, including the john simon guggenheim fellowship , the early career award of the society for the psychological study of peace, conflict, and violence of the american psychological association, and a fulbright research teaching award from the fulbright association of colombia. she and professor heather walsh-haney, a forensic anthropologist at florida gulf university, recently won the margaret popkin award for their paper on human rights abuses in guatemala. the award is named for the late human rights lawyer and executive director of the washington, d.c.-based due process of law foundation. professor sanford's books include la masacre de panz s: etnicidad, tierra y violencia en guatemala , about the massacre of maya peasants by guatemalan army soldiers; buried secrets: truth and human rights in guatemala ; engaged observer: anthropology, advocacy, and activism ; and la masacre de panzos: etnicidad, tierra y violencia en guatemala .
__label__non_math	1.0000	brian david rogers, , of adrian passed away , at lynwood manor in adrian under the care of hospice of lenawee. he was born , the son of jerry dean and carolyn kinzalow rogers. brian worked in the restaurant business most of his life. he served his country in the u.s. army. brian is survived by his mother, carolyn roger; brother, barry rogers of brighton; sister, belinda scott schneider of adrian; and several nieces and nephews. he was preceded in death by his father and maternal and paternal grandparents. brian will be greatly missed by all who knew and loved him. at brian s request, cremation has taken place. private inurnment of his cremated remains will be in reynolds corners cemetery, manchester. contributions may be made to the charity of the donor s choice. condolences may be offered to the family at handlerfuneralhomes.com.
__label__non_math	1.0000	medina twp. hudson firefighters responded at p.m. wednesday to a blaze in a single-family home in the block of dillon highway in medina township, fire chief jerry tanner said. no one was at home when the fire started, tanner said. one of the people who live at the house discovered the fire when they came home, opened the door and smoke came out, he said. the cause of the fire was a plugged chimney pipe for a wood burning stove, tanner said. the fire was confined to the room where the stove was located and structural damage was minor, but there was heavy smoke damage throughout the house, he said. tanner estimated total damage at ,000. the house was uninhabitable wednesday night because the wood burning stove was the sole source of heat, tanner said. the washtenaw-lenawee chapter of the american red cross assisted the family of six who live at the house with food, clothing and lodging, according to a news release from the red cross chapter. firefighters from clayton assisted the hudson fire department at the scene, tanner said. firefighters left the scene at p.m., he said.
__label__non_math	1.0000	need a good asheville bankruptcy attorney? bentley leonard is a north carolina board-certified specialist in consumer bankruptcy law. the firm actively represents individuals in all phases of chapters and . we represent those who, through misfortune or mismanagement, find themselves in difficult financial straits. the firm takes a sympathetic and personal approach to families in distress. we represent individual and business clients from charlotte to murphy to boone and have been designated by congress as a debt-relief agency, helping people seek relief under the bankruptcy code. please see our frequently asked questions about bankruptcy for more information. the firm is active in closing residential and commercial real estate transactions. bentley leonard and chris moore handle refinance and purchase closings. the firm is approved by all major lenders and title insurance companies. please see our frequently asked questions about real estate for more information. the law firm has extensive experience in estate law, including the preparation of wills, powers of attorney, health care powers of attorney, living wills, guardianships, trusts, domestic partnership agreements and estate administration. please see our frequently asked questions about estate management for more information.
__label__non_math	0.9978	get on the list for product trends, coupons and special offers. rate this product i just wish you had more bras, like this one, in d cups, the selection in those sizes is very minimal. this bra fits perfectly, it really lifts the bust and it's super comfortable - i recommend it it just made me feel like a real woman find your bra size to avoid altered measurements, wear an unpadded lightly lined fitted bra. findo your panty size to avoid altered measurements wear a fitted panty. you have two options to choose the size of your panty very good i love that there are other colors these hiphuggers are the best, far more comfortable than a thong. popular searches: push up bras body shapers
__label__non_math	0.9221	this morning, i'm making a list of areas that need a good purge and then filling my first bag. i always have such a hard time getting rid of stuff. i always think i can still use it, it's still good or i'll need it as soon as i get rid of it. however, my closets are jammed, the toy room overflows and my office, well, let's not even go there. wish me luck
__label__non_math	0.7335	8oz of thin noodles -- i used whole grain thin spaghetti, but i imagine that even thinner noodles, like angel hair would be delicious. four tablespoons of butter -- i used vegan butter five cloves of minced garlic -- if you are using garlic in a jar, five cloves equal teaspoons cup of chopped scallions green onions -- i didn't actually measure this out, but i did use one bundle from the grocer two tablespoons of soy sauce tablespoons of brown sugar melt butter in a large pan i'm pretty pumped that i got to use my wok for this one. once butter is melted, toss in garlic and scallions. cook for about five minutes on a medium-low heat. stir in brown sugar and soy sauce. cook for one minute. turn heat up and toss in noodles. ensure that noodles are completely coated. you can also sear them in the pan at this time if you so desire. serve immediately. it should serve four.
__label__math	0.8735	we are using tm and converting from xp to windows . we installed tm on the new win computer and everything went smooth. we can see the data which is stored on a network server. the problem is the tm connect button and tm save button in all the third party software doesn't work. in outlook it doesn't do anything when selected. i tried going into workstation setup but i get an integration error message when trying to check and uncheck the tabs to link it. the problem is this is a government facility and i don't have admin rights on the system. we tryed having the admin person run it as admin by right clicking on it but he doesn't have rights to the share folder the system is stored on and they will not grant him rights to the share folder. so he can log into the computer but not tm. i'm trying to see if their is a back door option to link the third party software without using the admin option. if you could have a system administrator open time matters on your computer using the option run as administrator, the links could then be activated. you would not necessarily have to have administrative rights to run time matters after that and have the links work. as far as the shared file directory goes, each time matters user needs read write rights to that folder, but not full control rights. wells anderson, jd, cic moderator800.575. - edina, mn - time matters webinars monthly on the second friday
__label__non_math	0.9490	on february 1st, the secretariat of the united nations framework convention on climate change the convention announced the pledges made by countries under the copenhagen accord the accord . developed country parties to the accord pledged greenhouse gas ghg emissions reduction targets to be achieved by . most notably, developing country parties to the accord also pledged mitigation actions. by the january 31st deadline, pledges had been provided by countries representing approximately of global ghg emissions. pledges made under the accord adhering to legislation passed in its house of representatives, the u.s. pledged a reduction from levels.canada also pledged a reduction from levels, to be aligned with the final economy-wide emissions target of the united states in enacted legislation. like canada, many parties made pledges contingent on action by others. the european union, for example, pledged to reduce its emissions below levels, or by should other parties make comparable commitments. as an example of a mitigation action pledge of a developing country, china pledged to lower its carbon intensity per unit gdp by - by , to increase to the share of non-fossil fuels used in primary energy consumption, and to increase its forest coverage and forest stock volume.in comments following the announcement of the pledges, u.s. special envoy for climate change, todd stern has made it clear that the u.s. expects of developing countries, stronger mitigation actions than those contained in the accord. the un climate change conference the accord was the outcome of the fifteenth conference of the parties the conference to the convention,attended by yours truly. in an unprecedented display of the prominence that climate change is gaining on the world stage, the conference was attended by 115 heads of state and over ,000 delegates. the stage that was the conference was not without its share of theatrics. when the leaders arrived in the final days to find that little progress had been made, the drama moved behind the scenes. in a telling moment, frustrated by negotiating only with chinese premier wen s aides, u.s. president obama walked in on a private meeting between wen and the leaders of brazil, india, and south africa.it was largely these five major economies that would go on to produce the accord, which calls for any global temperature increase to be limited to two degrees celsius. however the parties to the convention s kyoto protocol the protocol , the first commitment period of which ends in , were unable to agree to its extension. the lack of consensus leaves in suspension the status of the protocol s clean development mechanism cdm and the value of the certified emissions reductions cers generated by thousands of projects thereunder. the international emissions trading association ieta , which held a parallel conference, nevertheless remains optimistic: an international injection of increased demand remains a strong possibility over investment timescales but still has to be treated as an upside rather than a given. back on the home front as mentioned above, canada s climate change policy is explicitly tied to that of the united states. saw in the u.s. the passage in the house of representatives of the american clean energy and security act waxman-markey . waxman-markey calls for a reduction of emissions below levels by and provides for the trading of allowances.debate in the u.s. senate of the similar kerry-boxer bill is nominally scheduled for debate this spring, though it may be before it comes to a floor vote. tri-partisan senators john kerry d , lindsey graham r and joe lieberman i have taken it upon themselves to ensure passage of a climate or energy independence bill. for many u.s. senators, any climate legislation must be accompanied by developing country emissions reductions and the international verification thereof. as china and others are less keen on international monitoring, reporting and verification mrv , the accord features compromise language. countries will communicate their actions with provisions for international consultations and analysis under clearly defined guidelines that will ensure national sovereignty is respected. in any case, with more than two thirds of americans supporting the regulation of ghg emissions,the passage of legislation through congress and, consequently, canadian federal regulation, may be on the horizon. international climate change negotiations will occur in a number of fora this year. while the sixteenth conference of the parties will occur in december in cancun, one might now wonder how much can be expected of 192-party negotiations. in june, canada will host the g8 and g20 summits, and it is rumoured that climate change policy may be included on the agenda.finally, it is likely that a second meeting of the major economies forum will occur later this year to discuss climate policy.
__label__non_math	1.0000	internet rumours ripe over new apple store is the masonville place mall ripe for an apple store? the website ifoapplestore.com is reporting the hi-tech giant will continue its expansion into canada, moving into the space now occupied by eddie bauer, on the second floor of masonville place. ifoapplestore.com is an independent site, not associated with apple inc. apple's ultra-sleek retail stores selling the company's technology products have attracted a cult following and rumours of a new london store have set social networks buzzing. the closest official apple store is in waterloo. daryl clemance, general manager of masonville place, confirmed the eddie bauer store will close when its lease expires at the end of january. he said the mall is negotiating with a "prominent" retailer to move into that location, but couldn't discuss details because the deal has not been finalized. but he added, "i'd love to have an apple store . who wouldn't?" clemance did confirm masonville will welcome a prominent new retailer in march when a forever store opens. the store will be one of the mall's largest, covering ,000 sq. ft. over two floors with an exterior entrance. it will be the first forever store in southwestern ontario. the california-based fashion and accessories stores mainly target young women. "the anticipation of it opening is quite large," said clemance. the zellers store in the mall will gradually be converted to a target outlet over the next year. the u.s. retail giant bought zellers and its 220 stores in a .-billion deal with hudson's bay co.
__label__non_math	1.0000	a lesson in love: a special education service dog a dog's life the congregation of heritage united methodist church, in waverly, iowa, watched with rapt attention. the focus of their interest was a -year-old yellow labrador retriever named annie, who sat at the front of the chapel. pet tricks weren't the draw, though. annie held the entire group in thrall just by resting her nose on her paws while her owner spoke at a wednesday-night service last summer. people had gathered to listen to susan lawrence, annie's owner, weave the story of her dog's life into a parable about spiritual journeys, rescue and healing by god. according to pastor bob holdorf, the storytelling captivated even the youngest listeners: "there was a -year-old girl who is hard to keep in one spot, but she sat watching annie like a hawk." lawrence, an elementary school special education teacher in her hometown of carlisle, iowa, has always had a strong faith in god. but she never expected that her pet would lead her down a new spiritual path or that she'd be fielding invitations to address congregations around the state that were, like this one, more than 100 miles from her home. you can chalk it up to annie's amazing grace, says lawrence. "god gave annie a special heart. maybe her past experiences shaped her."adopting annie much of annie's past is a mystery. what is known is that in may , soon after a devastating tornado whipped through central iowa, an elderly man heard the sound of barking coming from an abandoned house. annie was found trapped in the home's basement, which was partially filled with water. "when the sheriff and animal control officers pulled her out, they didn't think she'd make it," says lawrence. after they got her to the vet, she was put on an iv and treated for shock. over the next two weeks, however, the dog slowly recovered and was put up for adoption at a nearby no-kill shelter which guarantees that animals left there will be adopted rather than put to sleep . soon after the labrador's photo went up on petfinder.com a database of animals available for adoption , lawrence stumbled across annie's picture while looking for a new pet to bring into her life. her -year-old cockapoo, daffodil, had died earlier that year, and lawrence had finished grieving. she'd also always wanted a service dog to help inspire children in her special education classes. the yellow lab's sad eyes caught her attention, so she went to meet the dog, who bounded from her cage, sat down and looked at lawrence knowingly. "it was as though she was saying, 'what took you so long?'" lawrence says. save even more
__label__math	0.5224	the bibliographical material of glafka consists of around ,000 titles, of which over ,000 are articles of journals and about ,000 are greek and foreign dissertations. the chronological coverage runs from to date. glafka also provides the following facilities: . greek translation of all foreign titles . greek authors' family names into the latin alphabet, in compliance with elot's adaptation of the pertinent iso standard, in order to improve the search tools . classification of bibliographic material in more than one thematic and geographic categories, thus enabling the user to extent his search in areas related and or connected to his principal subject.
__label__non_math	0.9970	i hope they set it free outside their home... oh, no where is the orkin man when you need him? try sleeping only to have a scorpion and a brown recluse spider crawling on you, of course at two separate occasions. didn't happen to me but, my husband wasn't too happy. post a comment
__label__non_math	0.9983	access to these resources is governed by license agreements which restrict use read more reviews book, film, etc. provides full-text documents from over ,600 news, business, legal, medical, and reference publications, covering current news, business information, company directories, federal and state laws, regulations, legal cases, etc. the medieval review tmr; formerly the bryn mawr medieval review publishes reviews of current work in all areas of medieval studies. includes searchable archive of past reviews.
__label__non_math	1.0000	sorry, there don't seem to be any titles available to you. if you are a university researcher, please realize that access is typically granted only thru your campus network; thus trying to access texts from home or elsewhere may result in this message. please contact your school library for more information on vpn or other kinds of remote access to our texts. for individual customers, if you received this message you have likely deleted the intelex past masters cookie from your browser. please contact us for assistance.
__label__non_math	0.9998	sport discus with full text to the present is an international database containing information on sports medicine, exercise physiology, biomechanics, psychology, training techniques, coaching, physical education, physical fitness, active living, recreation, history, and facilities and equipment. sportdiscus with full text contains citations for articles back to , and full text of articles from selected journals as far back as . h.t. coutts library service desk, 492- or 492- use of this product is restricted to members of the university of alberta community and to users of the library's physical facilities. it is the responsibility of each user to ensure that he or she uses this product for individual, non-commercial educational or research purposes only, and does not systematically download or retain substantial portions of information. ask us chat is currently offline. you may email your question using our email form
__label__non_math	0.9998	united hatters, cap and millinery workers international union local records, - boxes linear feet . the united hatters, cap and millinery workers international union uhcmw was formed in by the merger of the united hatters of north america and the cloth hat, cap and millinery workers international union, settling deep rifts between the competing unions. for five decades, the uhcmw organized the declining hat and millinery trade in the united states until it merged into the amalgamated clothing and textile workers union actwu in , which merged in into the international ladies garment workers union to form unite union of needletrades, industrial and textile employees . the collection documents uhcmw local , representing workers in boston and framingham, from through the time of its merger into the actwu. the series of ledgers and documents in the collection include documents concerning health and retirement benefits for union members, bargaining agreements, and financial records for the local, as well as a small assortment of correspondence, memoranda, and minutes of meetings.
__label__non_math	0.9763	the art of the review ii: beware the vultures this is the second in a series i have decided to run with about reviewing books. i hope someone finds just a nugget of knowledge within my ramblings and musings about this topic. today i want to address the "vultures" in the review market. who knew that reading and reviewing books would become a market, in the first place. when i first started writing and sharing my book reviews online via a blog, there were other book review bloggers, but we were all on the same playing field. we read what we wanted and reviewed what we read. we dabbled in creating rating scales, which some still use. we openly shared information with each other, we were a community. then the promotion groups came into play, and the game started changing. i myself jumped on the promotions bandwagon working with a fine company that arranged blog tours for authors. i soon saw myself flooded with review books and offers to review books. mind you this was before the ebook craze even began. nothing against the company i worked with, or any other company offering a similar service, but this was the start of the "bought review" generation. the principal behind these promotional companies was that they would, for a fee, connect authors with reviewers and schedule a blog tour. the reviewer read the book and on a scheduled date posted the review to their blog. so, what was the problem? while the reviewer got only a free book as compensation, there was the unwritten, unspoken rule that the review had to have a positive slant, because that was what the author needed to promote the book. what author in their right mind would pay for negative publicity? not many the game change put a strain on reviewers like myself, not only were we no longer in control of our reviewing schedule, but in some cases we felt trapped into lying. i remember a specific book, it was pure rubbish, in fact, i wanted nothing more than to throw it away. i was at a complete loss for "positive" things to say about it. i even reached out to my contact and explained my dilemma, and that's when i felt the world drop beneath my feet. they said i needed to come up with something positive, even some positive criticism, because this was what the author had paid for. i'll admit it, i felt like i had sold my soul. i was suddenly restraining myself from being honest. soon i found myself feeling trapped, and soon... reading to review started to become a chore. with a heavy heart, i walked away from years worth of work. last year, i realized i love to read, and i never stopped reading, so i tried to reopen my original blog, sadly it was gone. i did shed many a tear for that, but i am the one to blame for not checking in after i walked away. thankfully, enough time had elapsed and nobody had taken my name, so i was able to reincarnate the library at the end of the universe, the very place you are visiting. to date, my reviews and all events scheduled on my blog are arranged by me, and that is the way that i want it to remain. i will continue to be a opinionated, honest reviewer. alas, the day has come when there are companies that are actually charging the reviewer. i was shocked, and appalled to see this. i can understand why an author would pay to have their book promoted via a blog tour promotion. i cannot understand why a book reviewer would pay to participate in a blog tour, or in doing promotions. if it was a career choice, that would be one thing, but to give someone a percentage of revenue from your review, doesn't seem right at all. not only has an author paid for a review, but now a company has paid for a review. guess what type of review they want? positive, and nothing else. authors, please beware of these vultures... in my humble opinion, they could potentially do you more damage than good. so, my going rate will always be... a copy of the book, print signed if possible. from my pen to the the paper, penelope anne bartotto penelope anne bartotto, . no part of this article may be used without the express permission of the author.
__label__non_math	0.9999	you aren't signed in sign in create account a meeting of the cataloging staff from the prairiecat marc libraries. register by: tags: llsap, cataloging, prairiecat, sierra this event is sponsored by prairiecat. last day to cancel registrations is: questions? please contact prairiecat staff. send to a friend
__label__non_math	0.9999	licensees sign up for planet tuesday, 14th july at planeta junior gears up for cinema launch by securing key merchandising partners. the cinema launch may still be four months away, but spanish firm planeta junior has already attracted several big name licensees to the campaign for planet . the company represents the property in the spanish, portuguese and italian markets. the alien comedy is due to debut in november and features the voices of dwayne 'the rock' johnson, jessica biel, gary oldman, sean william scott, justin long and john cleese among others. harpercollins, random house, nestl , simba, famosa, saica, stor, blade, giochi preziosi, insight editions, admiranda, medialive content and deagostini are all on board. in addition, jazwares has been appointed the master toy partner, while sega pyro studios is planning a video game. zed worldwide is handling the development of interactive content, while deals have also been reached with burger king and nasa. planet is the most expensive movie in spanish history, with a e55 million production budget and e150 million for worldwide promotion. it will hit the us - via sony pictures entertainment - on november 20th, followed a week later in 170 countries. licensing.biz . .
__label__non_math	0.9984	a lot of people are passionate about cars. some of them treat their cars like they were their own children. so when my mom s car started making weird sounds, i was not surprised that she freaked out. funny thing is, it wasn t even an expensive car. it was a toyota altis, and it s been six years since my mom drove it out of the car dealer s showroom. so when the old altis started rumbling like a meat grinder about to overheat, i thought it was just about time that it did. my mother, on the other hand, was about ready to pull out her hair. yes, she really loved her car. it didn t matter that her car was nothing near a collector s item. it didn t matter that she could afford to buy a brand new car, one that looked much better. no; to her, the old altis was her pet. because the car started acting up during christmas eve, i knew we would be having problems trying to get the car fixed anytime soon. i then tried to look for websites that offered ways to diagnose the car s problem. i checked out repairpal where i found several articles related to car trouble. i showed my mom a few articles from repairpal regarding cars having similar problems. it was, of course, not the same as actually going to a car repair center and having them check the car, but it provided information that shed light on the issue. i showed my mom a query from another car owner about rattling sounds that his car made. my mom, after knowing what may be wrong with her beloved altis, felt a bit appeased that the rumbling sound was no longer too much of a mystery. yep, thank god for internet. who knows? perhaps even tv will become more interactive in the future.
__label__non_math	0.9999	i'm excited about this week's issue this week's soulfully being feature is "choice". in issue , one of the "key hai principles" was "remember, you are always at choice". i'm expanding upon it further, and offering four choices when you think, "i don't have a choice". the more you embrace the concept of choice, the less stressful and the more fulfilled, empowered and in control of your life, you will be. have a spectacular week mary allen, cpcc subscribe or unsubscribe choice - we are always at choice. sounds simple. for many things, this is an easy and empowering concept to embrace. someone asks you out to dinner. do you really want to go? you decide "yes" or "no". you're at choice. someone asks you to do something you don't want to do. again, you're at choice..."yes" or "no". yet, how many times have you said, or heard someone else repeatedly say, "i don't have a choice"? deadlines. big projects. children. commitments. agreements. board meetings. relationships. look at anyone who is stressed, overwhelmed or filled with anxiety....and i'll show you a person who doesn't feel in control of their life. our lives are filled with "have to's", "need to's" and "shoulds", which can bring great stress. when the stakes get larger, the idea of "choice" can go right out the window. in the eye of life's biggest challenges, i'd like to suggest that "you are always at choice". let's take a commitment you've made at work. perhaps a huge undertaking that is going to require extra hours, serious focus with a tight deadline. you originally committed enthusiastically to the project, and now it's impeding your life. the stress levels rise, and you find yourself overwhelmed because your health is being compromised, your family is demanding attention, and your "inner peace" has become a distant concept. you are saying to yourself, "i don't have a choice". " if i want to complete this project, and not lose my job - i have to work". perhaps you know someone who has experienced this scenario, maybe even you. in the face of "i don't have a choice" ...you have choices. choice - stay in the perspective of "i don't have a choice" while resisting or resenting the original commitment. this is a choice, whether you acknowledge it or not. when you choose "i don't have a choice" you are playing "victim" to your original commitment or choice and or the circumstances that surround you. i call this running on "auto-pilot". "i made the commitment, i have to follow through". no, you don't have to. do you run on "auto-pilot" out of a sense of "integrity" or "have to"? in doing so, you're giving your power away to someone or something other than yourself. you'll likely feel stress, overwhelm, out of control and intense time pressures. the "choice" to stay in "i don't have a choice" is an energy drain and dis-empowering, and ultimately creates a negative impact on your performance and your health. where are you resisting a choice? this is a cop out choice. choice - make a new agreement. i'm big on keeping my word, however i believe it's even more important to "be at choice". and, often times creating a new agreement is best for you, and for all parties. this is often a simple and easy solution that brings power back to you. - can the deadline be extended or dropped? - can an appointment be rescheduled? - what are the consequences of completing this late? can you live with that? - how else might i achieve my outcome? choice - explore alternative resources. when we're locked into "i don't have a choice", we're less likely to explore alternative resources or to accept help from others. set aside your ego and the need to be "significant". give up the notion of something "having" to be hard. be willing for it to be easier. it doesn't always have to be a struggle. "be at choice" and open yourself up to the alternatives. ask a powerful question. one of my friends is always asking, "how can this be done more easily and efficiently?" funny thing is, there is usually an easier way if we're open to it, and she is always finding a way. - are their additional people or resources available to you to make this job easier and lighten the load? - how can i empower those around me to step up and be more, do more than they would normally do? - what haven't i thought of yet? - how can i duplicate myself? - what other options are available? choice - align with your original choice and decide to enjoy it or at the very least accept it. find something that makes you feel good about your choice - the challenge of it, working with a team, using your creativity, the feeling of accomplishment when the task is complete, knowing you're a person of your word, learning and growth opportunities, or simply choosing to follow through and give your best. i'm not suggesting you pretend, or that this is always easy. i am suggesting that even in the most challenging of situations there is always a way to re-frame things within yourself and re-align with choice if you're open to that possibility. focus on what excited you about the project in the first place. focus on what following through with your choice will give you. soulful challenge: the next time you feel, "i don't have a choice"..stop yourself. do you really want to remain in resistance to your choice? do you need to make a new agreement? what alternative resources are available? how can you align, enjoy or accept your original choice with fresh eyes? challenge yourself to live from a place of choice. it's empowering. what was your last significant breakthrough? reza is a very successful business man. his two sons, kian and ash ages and are learning from their dad how to negotiate. when they want to propose something or an idea, lately they say, "dad, here is the deal......" it is so cute hearing them say that share a magic moment of yours.....email email . "stress busting the holidays" day tele-course offer- november 19th, 20th 21st how would you like your holiday season to be the most joyous, effortless, memorable and fulfilling ever? have your holidays ever been filled with feelings of overwhelm, stress, and anxiety? do you find the end of the year exhausting? do you typically feel additional financial pressure with the obligation of gift purchases? the holiday season is challenging for all of us, with more commitments and responsibilities. parties to attend. holiday cards and gifts to give. additional family activities. end of year quotas. increased or decreased business activities. did you know the average person gains pounds between thanksgiving and new years? the season boosts the highest rates of suicide and depression. not exactly encouraging. what if this holiday season was designed personally by you? would you like to remember the end of as fulfilling, joyous and peaceful? what if you had all the energy you needed throughout the season? what if you could relax into the holidays and feel a sense of abundance? close out with a joyous bang stress busting the holidays click here to register online november 19th, 20th 21st a.m.-noon pacific time in just three intensive -hour sessions you'll be given the tools, strategies and support you need to transform your holidays. learn the secrets to shift your emotional states instantaneously. receive tips on how to manage your activities, obligations and responsibilities without wearing yourself out. whether your bank accounts reflect it or not, adopt a mindset of prosperity. with the loving direction of mary allen and michelle humphrey, two experienced life coaches, choose the emotional states to give you the holiday experience you desire most. make this holiday season your best ever, one filled with joy, love, peace, gratitude and all that you desire. the classes are recorded for those who can't attend each of the calls at the designated times . stress busting the holidays is only . treat yourself. for more information or to register on-line visit class size is limited, enroll today if you'd like to make a contribution to one of our topics areas in soulfully living, please email email, we're always looking for valuable material to pass on to our readers. soulfully living encourages reproduction of the contents of this newsletter with proper attribution. soulfully living is a trademark. other product and company names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective companies. mention of third-party products is for informational purposes only and constitutes neither a recommendation nor an endorsement. design by nouveaux visages. one life at a time issue . clearing to create workshop san fran - november -3rd chicago - february -3rd advanced healing meditation sedona - dec. 29th - jan. 3rd. enroll receive lots of travel benefits free round trip airline tickets off domestic and international flights save up to off first class hotels worldwide save up to off name brand rental cars get upgrades on hotel rooms and rental cars when you travel access amazing "insider" deals on vacation packages and cruises pin to enroll: how fulfilling is your life, really?...find out by taking our enlightening fulfilling lives survey today
__label__non_math	1.0000	reaction from friday s announcement that athene annuity life assurance co. intends to acquire presidential life corp. has filtered in and the reviews are far from positive. three law firms have undertaken investigations of the proposed sale, and fitch ratings may downgrade athene s rating. on friday, the two firms announced the . that figure represents a premium of approximately over the .common stock price of presidential life the day before the acquisition was announced and over the average closing price for the five trading days prior to july . bernstein liebhard llp of new york city said in a statement that it is investigating whether presidential s board of directors breached its fiduciary duty to shareholders by agreeing to its takeover by athene. the investigation is focused on the potential unfairness of the price to presidential life shareholders and the process by which the presidential life board of directors considered and approved the transaction. similarly, brodsky smith, llc of bala cynwyd, pa. issued a statement friday outlining its intention to look into any fiduciary improprieties in regards to the deal. the offer price is substantially below the reported book value of the company. as a result, the transaction may have undervalued presidential life, resulting in harm to the presidential life shareholders, stated the law firm. another pennsylvania-based law firm, ryan maniskas, llp of wayne, pa., today said that it was also investigating the proposed transaction for violations of fiduciary duty. shareholders foundation, inc. of san diego made a similar announcement. it pointed out that presidential life has performed well for its investors in the past, noting that its annual revenue rose from 267.million in and its net loss of .million in . therefore, the organization said its inquiry will focus on whether the deal is fair to shareholders. specifically, the investigation focuses on whether the presidential life s board of directors undertook an adequate sales process, adequately shopped the company before entering into the transaction, maximized shareholder value by negotiating the best price, and acted in the shareholders' best interests in connection with the proposed sale, said shareholders foundation in a statement. a spokesperson for presidential life said the company had no comment on the investigations. a spokesperson for athene emailed this statment to lifehealthpro.com: "we have made an attractive offer. the decision to accept it rests with presidential's shareholders." further, fitch ratings on saturday said it had placed the bbb insurer financial strength rating of athene annuity life assurance co. on rating watch negative. tana higman, chicago-based director at fitch, said in an interview that the agency undertook the ratings review to more thoroughly appraise presidential and have more conversations with athene management regarding its strategic plans for this business. she noted that this deal comes on the heels of three large transactions completed by athene in , including its acquisitions of investors insurance corp. and liberty life insurance co. given the rapid pace of their transactions, we just needed greater clarity about the integration of these business, higman said. higman said that most life insurance companies are currently trading below book value as was the case with presidential life. although they paid a premium over the market value, it s still below the book value of the company. she attributed that disconnect to the low interest rate environment and the book of fixed annuities the company writes, which is impacted by low interest rates. fitch said that a return to a stable outlook would occur if presidential presents run-rate profitability and capitalization commensurate with the current rating level; maintenance of risk-based capital rbc above and broad, sustained profitability and diversification in reinsured business. a downgrade would be triggered if rbc slips below and there is deterioration in the performance of reinsured blocks, resulting in run-rate operating losses for four consecutive quarters. higman said that by the end of the year, fitch will either affirm athene s rating or downgrade it by a notch. the athene spokesperson said the company was "disappointed" by fitch's decision to put its rating on negative watch "athene has fully integrated its prior acquisitions of investors insurance corp. and liberty life insurance company now athene annuity and is well positioned to integrate presidential at this time," he wrote. "acquiring presidential, a new york company with billion of similar liabilities, is consistent with our strategy to grow our retail and reinsurance businesses and is an integral part of our plans for growth in the fixed annuity marketplace." presidential life, which sells fixed annuities, life, accident and health insurance products, is a delaware corporation with headquarters in nyack, n.y. the deal awaits approval from majority shareholders and the new york state department of financial services. among athene s principal companies are: athene annuity life assurance co., a delaware-domiciled stock life insurance company focused on retail fixed annuity sales and reinsurance; athene life re ltd., a bermuda-based reinsurer focused on the retirement services market, and athene life insurance co., an indiana-domiciled stock life insurance company focused on the institutional funding agreement market.
__label__non_math	0.9962	i don't really have anything to share today other than these photos which were taken a while back at bethel beach. however it occurred to me in supplying this post with its folks from mathews don't really require an explanation, but since most people who read this have never even been to mathews, i'll explain that the road leading in to bethel beach is hugged on both sides by january and february tend to be difficult months for me, for no particular reason other than there doesn't seem to be enough daylight, i don't really care for winter unless there's snow--and there's none--and overall i just tend to get a good case of the blahs this time of year no matter what. my recent foray into running has definitely helped matters. some. but i am going to share one other thing that has boosted my spirits a bit this january. only if you promise not to laugh. ok, you can laugh, i don't care. the past couple of sundays, i have become completely enchanted with and mesmerized by a couple of shows on the oprah winfrey network own , even though i don't usually watch a lot of tv. the january blahs forced me to do things i wouldn't ordinarily do like running, on the one hand, but completely collapsing in front of the tv, on the other. the first super soul sunday i watched featured this, which prompted me to get up off my behind and run five miles for the first time ever this month. i can honestly say it was an inspiration for me to consider doing the 10k i hope to do at the end of march. the other shows i love on own are master class and oprah's next chapter. there, i said it. i've made my confession. my dirty little secret. i seem to be hopelessly addicted to the own network. i've fallen and i can't get up p.s. last sunday oprah interviewed the woman who wrote the book eat pray love . although they did not talk about the movie which featured my new favorite actor javier bardem, it was fascinating hearing the true story behind the book. p.s.s.i guess i really did have something to share. even if it was only a confession. p.s.s.t. to read about my adoration for
__label__non_math	1.0000	page not found the page you are looking for cannot be found. most likely causes: - if you had previously bookmarked a page, that page may no longer use the same url. - there might be a typing error in the address. - if you clicked on a hyperlink, the link may be out of date. what you can do: - use the "back" button to return to the previous page. - retype the url of your desired page. - visit to start over. - watch the website tour. if you continue having difficulty, please contact us.
__label__non_math	1.0000	want to be heard? rate, comment, and create by signing up now learn how to navigate, add info, connect with friends and more share your art, give get advice, talk about things that really matter. want to find other articles by an author or send a personal note? click their username to go to their profile. create new resources, blog entries, videos and more once you're signed up
__label__non_math	0.9697	positive chronicles - east of eden by dr kailash vajpeyi "man is no longer to be the measure of all things, the center of the universe. he has been measured and found to be an undistinguished bit of matter, different in no essential way of past, present and future; his faith in his power to predict and through prediction to control his destiny all these are called into question, considered irrelevant, or deemed trivial." when leonard b. meyer yanked man down from the exalted status assigned him by the judeo-christian tradition, in his book, the end of renaissance?, he triggered off a radical shift in the relationship between man and nature. today, that understanding goes variously by the name of gaia or deep ecology. the gaia hypothesis postulates that planet earth is a living organism that adjusts and regulates itself like any other organism and that for .billion years, microbes, plants and animals have co-evolved with the environment as one globally integrated superorganism. in much the same vein, deep ecology believes in the essential ecological equality of all species, man and mouse, elephant and earthworm. in an interconnected, indivisible ecosystem, each part is as crucial as the next. here, t.s. eliot may have been tempted to comment on the return of things to their point of beginning. for interconnection was the fundamental premise of the relationship between all traditional civilizations and nature. unlike the western equation of conqueror and conquered, traditional people related to nature much as an offspring to a benevolent mother, or a devotee to a deity. most eastern religions such as vedic hinduism, jainism and buddhism, include within nature not only all forms of life but also that which is inanimate and invisible. vedic texts uphold the doctrine called madhu vidya, or interdependence between man and nature. the vedic worldview is beautifully expressed in that famous injunction, vasudhaiva kutumbakam the world is one family . in the vedas, natural elements play a pivotal role. but the interrelationship of creation was always within the context of its relationship with the creator. the vedic sages believed that everything in this world stems from divine knowledge the word which was first revealed to a group of seers, who then passed on this knowledge to successive generations of vedic seers. and thus, saraswati, the goddess of divine speech, holds a special place among hindu deities. may the divine speech, saraswati, the fountainhead of all faculties mental and spiritual , the purifier and bestower of true vision, the recompenser of worship: be the source of inspiration and accomplishments for all our benevolent acts thus, speech, or vak, has a preeminent role in the indian tradition. water, it is believed was literally produced by vak. in turn, if we accept the theory that the theory that the hydrogen molecule is the basis of all life, water could be said to have created the rest of life. of the five basic elements that make up life earth, space, wind fire and water the last, in the vedic view, is the primal element. no wonder there are dozens of vedic verses in praise of water: o water source of happiness, we pray, please give us vigor so that we may contemplate the great delight hail to you divine, unfathomable all purifying waters you are the foundation of all this universe the consciousness of being composed of the same elements was one more proof of the unity of all creation. the elements, both separately and jointly as life forms, were, at one and the same time, objects of reverence and intimately related to us. we hardly realize that there are cosmic forces which are working in cyclical patterns, and that the most fundamental pattern which governs our life is the movement of he earth on its axis. one shudders to think what would happen to life as we know it if the earth stopped spinning on its axis or the sun failed to rise in the morning. we are creatures of the planet but the earth is not a geographical entity, it is us. the earth is not simply dust but a reservoir of all energy. it has given birth to four types of creatures: swedaj, udbhij, andaj and pindaj aquarian, flora and fauna, avian and mammalian . to the vedic seers, the idea of subjugating or exploiting the earth was incomprehensible. to them it was an object of worship and not of exploitation. its conquest was tantamount to dissecting a mother's body to study her heartbeat or chopping her breasts to isolate the gland producing milk. but times have changed. today, man has no qualms about expropriating the earth's wealth for his own benefit. this has resulted in the creation of a new fifth species, the yantraj the technetronic being. according to daniel j. boorstin, the author of cleopatra's nose: "when the machine kingdom arrived on the scene, it entirely changed the fixedness of the idea of change. a natural species reacts to its environment and learns to adapt to it. but the technetronic species creates its own environment." for instance, media technology tends to create what can be termed asdiplopia or double image, where it is hard to distinguish reality from illusion. television, for example, has the capacity to convert an event into virtual reality, what is there is also here at the same time or what is here can also be there if it has been filmed. for the vedic man, the earth was the bestower of blessings, she was the protector of life. all descriptions of ramrajya, the reign of lord rama, the hero of the indian epic ramayana portrayed the earth as abundant and giving. the mahabharata eulogized yudhisthira's reign thus: "earth yielded abundant crops and all precious things. she had become the provider of all goodness. like kamdhenu, the celestial cow, the earth offered thousands of luxuries in a continuous stream." in bhumi sukta we come across verses such as: o purifying earth, i you invoke o, patient earth by sacred word enhanced bearer of nourishment and strength of food and butter, o, earth we would approach you with due praise influenced by this holistic vision, the indian way of life was integral, its purpose the well-being of creation. even in the matter of eating, our ancestors emphasized the importance of feeding others before themselves. a householder could eat only after propitiating the ancestors, the devas representing different aspects of nature, the bhutas representing all created beings, guests, members of the household and servants. the practice of agriculture was deeply influenced by this sacred vision of interconnection. according to the activist vandana shiva's book, the seedkeeper, new seeds were first worshipped before being consumed. new crop was worshipped before being consumed. for the farmer, field is the mother: worshipping the field is a sign of gratitude towards the earth, who as mother, feeds the millions of life forms who are her children. "in the place of chemical manures and pesticides, the traditional farmer used nature's own checks and balances to nurture fertility and keep pests at bay. a typical rice field supported and in some places continues to do so 800 species of "friendly insects" spiders, wasps, ants and pathogens that controlled per cent of insect pests. these practices are still a living presence among india's tribal societies, for instance, the warlis, a community near mumbai, worship nature as hirva green and consider all produce to be gifts of hirva, rather the fruits of their own labor. conservation of plants and animals was an innate aspect of their culture, illustrated in the concept of the sacred grooves: mangroves, marshlands and other tracts of land supposedly inhabited by spirits, where killing of plants and animals is taboo. the bishnois of rajasthan, too, will rather die than let a single tree be felled. the concept of coexistence took many forms. before felling a tree to construct a temple, the carpenter traditionally sought the permission of the tree. and in emperor asoka's time, veterinary hospitals were state institutions. among the five vital elements which sustain life on earth, the wind in the rig veda is called vata. though the wind is connected with the primordial waters, its origin is not known. vedas also address it as the spirit: may the wind breathe upon us prolong our lifespan and fill our hearts with comfort responding to the current environmental crisis, susan griffin in her book women nature writes: "we live as if nature is only need to provide extras: paper, recreation, specialty foods, a job to provide money." unlimited desire and man's greed has devastated this planet to such an extent that by the time you finish reading this article, at least species of birds would be extinct forever. in contrast, personal fulfillment in buddhism is sought through independence. here the self is temporary and nonessential rather than the center of the universe. writes kerry brown, co-author of buddhism and ecology, about the buddhist philosophy: "where infinite spiritual development is possible within a physical existence that is understood and accepted as infinite." buddha attained enlightenment under a banyan tree, j. krishnamurti had the same kind of realization under a pepper vine. no wonder the author of bhamini vilas called the tree guru. "o tree anekantavada, the jain concept that professes multiple views of reality, goes even deeper. its verdict on the unmindful endeavors of mankind would be damning. the bacterial organism, as understood in modern science, can be compared with what is called nigodiya life in jainism. and ahimsa or nonviolence, which is fundamental to jain philosophy, teaches not harming even the basic forms of life. jainism and other indian religions advocate that compassion must be the foundation for any truly civilized community. lawrence joseph, the author of gaia, has obviously been deeply influenced by all systems of indian philosophy which adhere to the universal law of interdependence. lynn margulis, co-author of the gaia theory along with james lovelock, believes strongly that the biological microcosm provides a key controlling influence in the global environment and argues that the role of these tiny organisms has been underestimated because they are invisible. with the convergence of the most recent scientific understanding and the most recent ancient wisdom, there is hope yet for the survival of the earth and, in turn, life on it. there can be no better sign of it than nasa circulating, all over the usa, a photograph of the earth with the caption: love your mother.
__label__non_math	0.9997	ottawa, ontario, lifesitenews.com a group of catholic parents are up in arms after they say students from three ottawa catholic high schools will be traveling to central america in the new year where they will meet with groups that advocate for abortion, contraception, and prostitution. sending our kids to meet with these groups sends them a mixed message about the morality surrounding the positions these groups advocate for, said andy pocrnic, a catholic parent from ottawa to lifesitenews. we send our kids to catholic schools so that the teachings of our faith can be affirmed. instead, we sadly find them being undermined. trip agendas published online say that holy trinity, st. francis xavier, and st. joseph s high schools will be meeting with the non government organizations ngos concertation de mujeres, cripdes, and equipo maiz. the agendas don t state what topics the students will be discussing with the groups. however, evidence gathered by parents as first educators-ottawa, which has come out in opposition to the trip, shows that each of the groups has a history of promoting causes that violate catholic teaching. click like if you are pro-life in one document, cripdes reports on leading a workshop for women in el salvador where a presentation on family planning and birth control was given. the presentation showcased the different kinds of birth control that exist, emphasizing that the rhythm method is not reliable. concertation de mujeres, as a member of feminist coalition concertacion feminista prudencia ayala, has advocated for the decriminalization of abortion, the provision of condoms, the recognition of prostitution as sex work, and the recognition of homosexual families. equipo maiz, on the other hand, produces secular sex education material for children. topics in the material include gender education, roles and gender stereotypes, virginity taboo, and sex how-to guides. reading their website makes it fairly clear they don t promote a catholic view of sexuality, according to parents as first educations. according to agenda notes from st. joseph s high school, equipo maiz is a former partner of development and peace. parents as first educators-ottawa says that the students should not meet with groups that they say advocate for positions that are contrary to the teachings of the catholic faith. should catholic schools be facilitating meetings between our children and groups that advocate for positions contrary to the teachings of our faith? absolutely not. parents know this, as should those entrusted with our children s care, the group says. the group is urging parents and catholic ratepayers to contact the respective principals and trustees to firmly request that our children not meet with these problematic groups. lifesitenews contacted the ottawa catholic school board ocsb for comment. mardi de kemp, ocsb s communications officer, responded that the ottawa school board will no longer respond to requests from lifesitenews. earlier this month a trip involving students from two ottawa catholic schools was cancelled at the last minute after lifesitenews reported that the students were slotted to campaign on behalf of president obama. pocrnic and other parents say they would like to see the ocsb take more of a leadership role in the matter. myself and other parents i ve spoken to would like to have the ocsb change the itinerary of the trip to ensure our students don t meet with these groups, he said. it s hard to understand why this isn t something the school board would consider. ottawa catholic school board julian hanlon, director of education ph: 613-224- ext st. joseph s high school sue arbour, principal ph: 613 823- alison baizana, trustee holy trinity high school jennifer oake, principal ph: 613 591- ted hurley, trustee st. francis xavier high school michael curry, principal ph: 613 822- alison baizana, trustee
__label__non_math	1.0000	making beautiful, creative websites accessible to everyone is a primary goal of lightcms. with built-in designs and our easy-to-use design editor, thousands of customers set up fantastic websites on their own. but sometimes our customers are looking for a little something extra, from assistance with the set up process to full-scale custom website design. the lightcms professionals program aims to connect our customers with experienced lightcms designers who can provide them with the services they need. get the help you need now you can easily find an experienced lightcms designer to assist you with your lightcms project. every lightcms professional has proven their experience with our platform. browse through our professionals listing and you'll be able to see examples of each professional's work, their price range, location and more. when you find a professional you'd like to work with, simply click the contact button on their listing, fill out the form, and we'll send your details to them immediately. contacting a professional doesn't obligate you to anything. the professional will simply get in touch to discuss your project, answer your questions, and offer a proposal. then, you get to decide if you wish to proceed. custom design or lightcms setup currently, lightcms professionals offer two types of services. the first is custom design, which can include a range of services that vary by provider. some professionals may offer fixed-price custom design packages while other may charge by the hour. each professional will be able to provide details about their custom design services. in any case, custom design provides you the opportunity to get a beautiful and world-class look that's tailored to meet your needs. the second service professionals can choose to offer is called lightcms setup. setup is a fantastic, time-saving service offered at a fixed price of . lightcms setup takes care of all the details of setting up your lightcms website such as applying a built-in design, tailoring it to your brand with the design editor, adjusting settings for your website and store, and even building out your home page content. you can see if a professional offers lightcms setup by looking at their professionals listing. become a professional if you're an experienced lightcms designer who would like to offer your services to lightcms customers, you can apply to the lightcms professionals program as well. simply visit our professionals page to get the details and to complete the application form. mon, by tim wall filed under
__label__non_math	0.9990	compare our prices - light beauty wrap bathroom fixture - features cased opal glass and porcelain trim - extends: ", height from center of outlet: - " - backplate: - " x " - ul damp locations listed - 100w medium base bulbs not included additional kichler links our sku: this product is listed under the following manufacturer number s : questions from the community what is the total width of the fixture from the outside of the glass shade on one side to the outside of the glass shade on the other side? how do you change the globes if one gets broken and is the width varriable? can tha light be mounted on the ceiling? do you have a bathroom light fixture that can be mounted on the ceiling? a. the kichler doesn't have a matching ceiling fixture in the same collection, but you can choose any of their fixtures in chrome with the cased opal glass and it will match. lt me know if you need any suggestions on ceiling fixtures. can this fixture be mounted where the middle lights can face upwards and the two outside lights face downwards do you have anything similar that can be mounted on the ceiling? would this light accomodate a " wide rectangular mirror? kichler pocelona collection other products in the kichler pocelona collection modern light ." wide bathroom fixture modern light " wide bathroom fixture from the pocelona collection modern light " wide bathroom fixture from the pocelona collection modern one light up lighting wall sconce from the pocelona collection modern rounded mirror from the pocelona collection aside from the exceptions noted below, seller warrants the products it provides will be free from defects in material and workmanship for one year following the date of shipment. the exceptions are: the exterior finish on lifebrite outdoor lanterns, which have lifetime warranties for as long as the original purchaser owns it. energy star prodcuts have a two year warrenty. there are no warranties on light bulbs. there are no warranties on the finish on outdoor polished brass products. the design pro series led cabinet light models; 12301brz, 12301ni, 12301wh,12303brz, 12303ni, 12303wh, 12305brz, 12305ni, and 12305wh will be warranted for normal use for as long as the original purchaser owns it. normal use means residential non-commercial use for no more than hours per day in an environment that does not exceed degrees celsius. if any of the warranted products are found by seller to be defective, such products will, at seller s option, be replaced or repaired at seller s cost. the parties hereto expressly agree that buyer s sole and exclusive remedy against the seller shall be for the repair or replacement of defective products as provided herein, or, at seller s sole option, seller may refund the purchase price of the products to the original credit card. this warranty does not cover labor or other costs or expenses to remove or install any defective, repaired or replaced product. seller s warranty does not apply to any products that have been subjected to misuse, mishandling, misapplication, neglect including but not limited to improper maintenance , accident, improper installation, improper packaging of products returned to kichler, modification including but not limited to use of unauthorized parts or attachments , or adjustment or repair. at seller s request, buyer will send f.o.b. destination any allegedly defective parts or products to the plant designated by seller. this warranty is not transferable whether to heirs, subsequent owners, or otherwise. no affirmation of seller, by words or action, other than as set forth herein shall constitute a warranty. the foregoing warranty is in lieu of all other warranties, express or implied including those of merchantability, fitness for any particular purpose or infringement. buyer shall in no event be entitled to, and seller shall not be liable for, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages of any nature, including, but not limited to, to loss of profit, promotional and or manufacturing expenses, overhead, injury to reputation and or loss of customers.
__label__math	0.9686	one world one price we ship to over 200 countries worldwide credit cards we accept: such a handy product il est top , fonctionne nickel ....merci lightinthebox there are no questions yet. ask a new question
__label__non_math	0.7970	light meter reviews when it is time for you to start the process of purchasing a new light meter, one great way to ensure total satisfaction with your decision is to give thorough attention to light meter reviews. take the time to learn about what makes the wide variety of models different to find the perfect choice for you. originally designed for the top-flight movie makers, this sekonic model provides all the best that a light meter has to offer. film your hd video in style with the best in filter compensation, featuring a variety of meter settings sure to make your final product shine. gossen mavulox b usb both convenient and highly accurate, the mavulox is perfect for getting precise measurement with low amounts of light. this gossen meter is easy to use while providing outstanding results through the use of the measuring unit and the separate and sensitive probe. on top of all this, you can record all your data accurately and efficiently by connecting to your laptop through the use of its usb port. also known as the digi master light meter, this versatile tool provides everything that you need in an effective meter. this model is designed to last, having the ability to measure a variety of lighting conditions in closed sets as well as outdoors. with built in memory function, outstanding battery life and a variety of optional attachments, this unit is great for someone needing an all-around digital light meter. with the variety of meters available, it is important to narrow the search in order to keep your sanity. rather than entering into a shopping excursion without a plan, use these light meter reviews in conjunction with other key information to reach the perfect purchasing decision.
__label__non_math	0.9775	the return of epaphroditus i have thought it necessary to send to you epaphroditus my brother and fellow worker and fellow soldier, and your messenger and minister to my need v. .- philippians it is always fascinating to get a look at the personal relationships between members of the first-century church, and we are fortunate that philippians provides us such a glimpse. thus far we have been given a hint of the warm affection that paul felt for timothy and the genuine love that both the apostle and his delegate felt for the philippian congregation vv. . today we are introduced to another early church relationship with paul s reference to epaphroditus in philippians . when paul wrote to the church at philippi, he was planning to send not only timothy but also epaphroditus to the philippians vv. , . scholars generally agree that paul intended on sending epaphroditus immediately after writing the epistle, maybe even as the letter s courier. the apostle would then send timothy some time later, after gaining clarity on his legal status v. . in any case, we should note the way paul calls epaphroditus the philippians messenger and minister to his needs in prison v. . this tells us that epaphroditus brought the philippians monetary gift to paul in rome, and this is confirmed in . you may recall that in the ancient world, the state did not take care of prisoners as it does in our modern penal system. prisoners such as paul depended on the care of family and friends to meet their needs, and since the money epaphroditus brought would have been used for his care, the apostle rightly saw him as a minister. epaphroditus, therefore, was one of the philippian christians whom paul loved dearly, and this philippian believer also had a great love for his fellow brethren in the city. as tells us, epaphroditus was longing for the philippians because they had heard that he was sick. evidently, he knew that his brothers and sisters in christ were greatly concerned for him and worried about his condition; thus, he wanted to get back to them as soon as possible in order to reassure them that he was all right. epaphroditus attentive care to calm his fretful brethren is certainly an example of looking to the interests of others v. , and we should likewise be attentive to the feelings of our christian brothers and sisters if we are to fulfill the apostolic imperative to love one another john . the depth of epaphroditus love for his brothers and sisters in christ is seen in that his chief worry was not about his own health but that his fellow believers would not have to suffer too much emotional pain in their concern for him. this indicates a profoundly selfless orientation, and it is something that we should be praying daily for the holy spirit to develop in us. let us, by this same spirit, seek to cultivate the virtue of christian selflessness. passages for further study thessalonians : thessalonians : permissions: you are permitted and encouraged to reproduce and distribute this material in any format provided that you do not alter the wording in any way, you do not charge a fee beyond the cost of reproduction, and you do not make more than 500 physical copies. for web posting, a link to this document on our website is preferred where applicable . if no such link exists, simply link to please include the following statement on any distributed copy: from ligonier ministries, the teaching fellowship of r.c. sproul. . website:
__label__non_math	0.9975	by alicia smith ' the mission of the organization is to provide adults with the education necessary to protect children from sexual abuse, and dr. saurino wants to spread the organization's message to the community here. and the best part is that it is offered at no cost. in , dr. saurino became a facilitator of "stewards of children," the hour training sessions that empower adults with the knowledge needed to recognize the signs of child sexual abuse and to minimize the probability of it happening altogether. "once you read the statistics as to how pervasive this problem is and, if you have a heart for children, how could you not do something to help curtail the situation?" she explained. while all teachers in the state of south carolina are required to complete "stewards of children" training, dr. saurino believes that the necessity of the workshop expands the confines of just the education field. "anybody who has the potential of being a parent," she says, "should be exposed to this material because it is the parents who have the greatest opportunity to prevent the sexual abuse of their children." and the statistics she was given about the abuse are simply horrifying. "one in four girls and one in six boys are sexually abused before their 18th birthday, and of victims of sexual abuse are under the age of ," she recalls. many cases go unreported and these children, along with those who tell and are not believed, are at a "greater risk than anyone else in the general population for psychological, emotional, social and physical problems." the easiest way to do so is to arm children with the right and ability to say no. "children need to know that no one should touch them unless it's with their permission or that of a doctor or parent. a child should always know that they can say no' when someone is touching their body in any way." dr. saurino feels that child sexual abuse is an issue that can truly be healed through education. shedding light on such a dark problem can only help bring the abuse to an end. "the emotional and psychological impact of child sexual abuse is so severe and so profound that it needs to be stopped. and with that said, we can arm adults, through stewards of children' training, with the tools that they need to protect our most precious little people who are defenseless without our help."
__label__non_math	1.0000	limousin world is the official breed publication of the north american limousin foundation, serving enthusiasts of the limousin breed of cattle in the united states and canada. limousin world provides timely and useful information about one of the largest and most dynamic breeds of beef cattle in the united states. reports of limousin shows, sales and related events, management and technical articles, breeder features and award-winning advertising are a valuable part of each issue. active members of the north american limousin foundation, as well as recent first-time buyers of registered limousin cattle, receive the publication on a monthly basis. limousin world has a full-time field staff who maintains personal contact with limousin breeders.
__label__non_math	1.0000	buildbase honda's nico aubin stormed the milton mx park to take his first win of the acu maxxis british motocross championship while team-mate steve ramon improved on his performance to move up the standings table. yesterday started well for buildbase honda with aubin qualifying three seconds faster than his rivals to take pole. in the first moto, it was route energy honda rider tanel leok that got the holeshot as they headed into the first corner. aubin found himself in fourth position but soon made his way into second. despite a good battle with leok, aubin couldn't get past and he finished second come the flag.read more samsung honda's alex lowes scored a sensational win at the third round of the mce insurance british superbike championship at oulton park yesterday as he put in a commanding performance in the opening race of the day.read more buildbase honda mx1 rider and reigning red bull pro national champion nico aubin began this season's red bull pro nationals challenge with a podium finish at landrake in cornwall this weekend, while team-mate steve ramon had a more challenging time suffering with an injury.read more samsung honda started its british superbike championship season with a double podium finish as alex lowes celebrated a pair of second places at brands hatch whilst ryuichi kiyonari scored a fourth and eighth place finish to mark his return to the series.read more as the sun shone down on the sandy lyng circuit in norfolk for the acu maxxis british motocross championship, the buildbase honda team battled through a tough weekend and was rewarded with nico aubin gaining fourth in the overall mx1 standings.read more to celebrate the launch of several new and hotly anticipated models, honda uk is thrilled to announce the win big weekendread more we've all been feeling the freeze throughout the first part of this year but things are about to heat up as honda uk introduces a range of great new offers on each and every motorcycle and scooter in the range, including all new-for- models.read more we've moved. the old honda racing site is closing and has already been replaced with please do go and have a look at our new racing website which will cover both two-wheeled and four-wheeled racing with a focus on honda uk 's official teams that compete in british superbike, british motocross and british touring cars.read more honda uk is pleased to announce that the much talked-about gold wing f6b 'bagger' is now coming to the uk. originally not taken as a uk model, this decision has been reversed due to projected customer demand the gold wing f6b is a new breed of gold wing that sits alongside the original. stripped, stylish and smooth, part custom, part cruiser the gold wing f6b is all 'bagger': a touring bike distilled to its very essence. it flows fluidly from front to rear with striking design features throughout. the twin-spar aluminium frame provides strength and delivers a great handling motorcycle, as do 45mm anti-dive telescopic forks and pro-link rear suspension. built to be at home in an urban environment as well as on the open road, the gold wing f6b is lighter 28kgs less than the gold wing gl1800 yet with the same chassis, power and incredible torque output. it is features such as these that have captured the imagination of uk bikers and that has lead growing pressure from prospective customers for the gold wing f6b to be available as a uk model.read more honda uk have once again committed to supporting the royal air force reserves racing project for the season. the team officially named raf reserves racing in association with honda will compete in the british superstock championship, as well as selected road races, including the world famous isle of man tt and northwest 200, aboard their raf reserves honda cbr1000rr fireblade.read more honda uk is pleased to announce the appointment of nick campolucci as the new head of motorcycles, effective from 18th march .read more with still in its infancy, honda's crf has wasted no time in setting out its racing agenda for the year ahead, taking its first national championship title with barely a month ticked off on the calendar. honda uk's official off-road racing team, buildbase honda and rider adam chatfield, were last weekend celebrating their first taste of success and their first silverware of the season, after taking the crown in the pro-class of the arenacross uk championship. putoline honda's neville bradshaw would also lay claim to runners up spot, locking out a honda one two in the overall championship classification. honda uk has announced that steve martindale, general manager of motorcycles is to leave the company after years in his current role and years in honda's uk car and motorcycle operations. during his tenure as general manager of honda's uk motorcycle business, steve's enthusiasm and passion for motorcycles has been evident to all that he worked with and his hard work and dedication has been directly responsible for ensuring honda's current status as market leader. several new-for- honda models will be on show at the mcn london motorcycle show -february at london's excel arena, alongside updated and current popular models. many honda models have only recently made their uk debut, so the upcoming show will provide the perfect opportunity to preview the new metal once again before it arrives in uk dealers. it will also be the uk public debut for the new msx125, an exciting new small-wheel leisure bike that continues in the vein of the original monkey bike.read more an eight-part documentary series, following the honda tt legends throughout the racing season, is now showing on primetime tv in the uk, continuing monday feb on itv4 at ..read more honda encourages you to start as you mean to go on, aboard two-wheels, with a range of great new offers and extended existing popular offers across many of its motorcycles and scooters, until march .read more the msx125 mini street x-treme 125 carries on the tradition of the original, small-wheeled leisure motorcycle, defined by honda in with the iconic monkey, and continued with the dax and ape. manufactured in thailand, the msx125 is small enough to be supremely manageable yet has a fully-fledged feel thanks to a selection of standard sized motorcycle parts.read more officially supported by honda uk and managed by four times motocross world champion and buildbase honda team manager, dave thorpe - with the help of british motocross championship contender, stephen sword as head coach - the new off-road experience centre will be open for business from early and offers a purpose built training and experience facility on private land in the stunning south wales countryside, just miles from cardiff.read more honda uk is pleased to announce the dynamic rider line-up for the samsung honda team for the season three-time british superbike champion aboard honda machinery, ryuichi kiyonari, makes a much-anticipated return to the team with which he enjoyed so much success, taking british championship titles in , and . kiyonari is tied on overall championships with reigning british superbike champion, shane byrne - both riders with three championships to their name - and with that, the season is already shaping up to be a titanic battle for overall supremacy as both riders challenge to be the one who adds a fourth to their tally.read more the officially supported honda ron haslam race school is to return to donington park for the start of the season and will continue to offer riding experience to riders of all ages and abilities.read more honda uk has donated an exclusive 'lot' to the hugely popular and invaluable bbc children in need annual fundraising auction - a motorbike which daniel craig rode in the thrilling opening chase sequence of the latest 007 adventure, skyfall.read more honda reveals images and exclusive behind the scenes footage from skyfall with exciting partnership activity honda uk has unveiled its programme of activities surrounding the partnership with the upcoming james bond film, skyfall, and today also gives fans a look at behind the scenes footage and images of james bond riding the modified honda crf250r motorbike. taken from the thrilling opening chase sequence, the footage shows 007 riding the motorbike in a turkish street market as he pursues henchman, patrice ola rapace and reveals the secrets of some of the chase stunts, that are filmed on the rooftops of istanbul.read more
__label__non_math	0.9600	swimming pools, death, and link building since julie has asked me to write about how my other job affects my link-building techniques, i guess i should first explain what else i do. outside of the office, i partially own a small business with my father servicing and cleaning swimming pools. it isn t all rainbows and sunshine, but it isn t too awful. i rarely get to swim in the pools that i take care of, unless something is broken. my clients don t make sexual advances towards me, but i have seen some of them naked on accident. my days are often filled with chemical burns, sunburn, and multiple bug bites. while cleaning and servicing pools, there is a lot of quiet time to enjoy the weather and think. but occasionally, i run into strange problems that require me to imagine every possible scenario in order to form appropriate solutions. this usually leads me to think of something really weird. is this the work of water wizards? upon encountering a green pool that was previously in perfect condition, one of the questions i first ask myself is, what did mother nature do to you? this is a question that you can ask when thinking of new search ideas for your link-building. for instance, if you are working for a client that is selling inexpensive security cameras, maybe search for amazing nature footage caught on tape. lightning storms happen to affect swimming pools in ridiculous ways. the ozone from lightning zaps the chlorine right out of the pool causing the chemicals to change significantly, which will turn the water bright green with algae in a single hot day. how do your client s security cameras hold up in lightning? do they have some kind of protection? does ball-lightning specifically seek out security cameras and does zeus have anything to do with it? these are all things that may bring you new, interesting search results. another thing that could turn a pool green is a dead animal that has been floating in the water for days, decomposing and releasing all the wonderful chemical reactions of death. i encounter drowned creatures almost every week because most animals will never get used to our highly advanced technology, like stairs. you can ask yourself, how do animals negatively or positively affect the product of my client? if your client sells replacement auto parts, you might search for sites about the frequency of bears hit on roads each year. maybe you can find pictures of animals nesting in old cars. you might even think of more creative questions like, what does smokey the bear drive? or where is the batmobile right now and who is driving it? animals are everywhere and constantly causing problems, so maybe mixing them into your searches will give you interesting results. on that note, let s take a second to consider how death affects everything. most of my job is making sure that all the little parts that make a pool run including the pumps, water features, chemistry, lighting, and everything else won t kill you. death is the one experience in life that we are all trying to avoid, but it s everywhere. you can attach death, murder, or suicide to anything and find some great search results, even if your client s product is just some obscure online software. however, you may not be prepared for what you find. editor s note: this was a guest post by our link builder nathan lee, who enjoys hats.
__label__non_math	0.9964	unique domains linking to this domain unique domains this domain is linking to strongest pages on the domain how to install the code to see who is linking to your site just click anywhere inside the box below, and the code will automatically highlight. right-click and 'copy' the text. then open the program that you use to edit your blog web site content with and insert this text on your web page s . if you are using a layout or style sheet, which is repeated on all your web pages, you can insert this text on that page once. rebuild your template if necessary. then, load your blog website into your browser and click on your newly added linksrank.com link. e.g. who links to my website? e.g. backlinks to my website? when you click through, your site's inbound link will automatically be displayed
__label__non_math	0.9999	i m out of town on some family business, and unable to do a lot of blogging, but i wanted to weigh in on deval patrick s choice for interim senator. i don t often disagree with patrick, but this decision baffles me. this is not a ceremonial appointment. issues of huge importance are coming before the senate between now and the june special election. massachusetts should send a player to the senate to replace john kerry, not just someone to warm the seat. i understand that whoever got the job would follow the leads of barack obama, harry reid and joe biden in the critical votes to come, and that some of kerry s staff would stay on to take care of routine business. but still i don t know mo cowan, and i m happy to assume he s a good guy and a smart man. but we d all be better served by someone with recent experience in congress, not someone who has spent the last few years immersed in state issues on beacon hill. barney frank, who i favored, could have hit the ground running. he s already an expert in the federal budget, a skilled hand in parliamentary procedures with personal relations on both sides of the capitol. i hope deval didn t reject barney because he campaigned for the job. i d rather think that some of the big egos in the senate or the white house saw him as a potential bull in the china shop who might get in the way of their delicate strategizing. fair enough. but what about john olver, who also just retired from the house? what about cam kerry, john s brother, who works in the commerce dept., or melody barnes, former top aide to ted kennedy who ran obama s domestic policy operation? both may have residency problems, but surely there are others who would fit the profile of inside players who know their way around washington, just as paul kirk, our last interim senator did. for that matter, why not bring back kirk? because nobody knows much about him, much is being made of the fact cowan is black, making him the second african-american in the senate and the second african-american senator from massachusetts. who cares? there is work to be done.
__label__non_math	1.0000	news and articles in december , the open source world received the first, and very long awaited, release of the samba .x series. richard stallman calls for the w3c to remain independent of vendor interests. the new release supports nine architectures, human languages, and zero non-free components. sluggish network connections can be nerve-wracking. checking live statistics about network traffic can help pinpoint the problem. iftop is a command-line system monitoring tool that can help you identify bandwidth hogs and keep traffic moving. blogs have evolved from private diary to professional tool, and if you manage more than one wordpress installation, administration support would be useful. three tools can help. flareget accelerates your downloads and avoids the consequences of disconnections while downloading files. maddog considers the benefits of teaching students how to write device drivers. great tools and resources are available to help you write secure ruby on rails code. kurt examines some tools and offers some tips. the latest version of ardour a full-featured digital audio workstation offers some major new developments. we take a closer look. sometimes full-blown photo sharing solutions are more than you need. we look at some lightweight alternatives that still get the job done. - linuxwochen wien may - may - pythoncamp may - may - lug camp may - may - linux audio conference may - may - concurso univ. de swl - final may - may - samba experience may - may - tosecurity university may - may - linuxtag may - may - open it summit may - may - openexpo cms may - rootcamp berlin may - may - andevcon spring may - may
__label__non_math	0.9998	today s advancements in computers and technology make many tasks easier than they were years ago. computers and technology aid us in our personal lives as well as professional lives. most young people probably can t imagine a world without computers and technology, and most older people probably can t imagine going back to that world. thanks to computers and technology, we work online, we play online we do just about everything online a popular trend today is the act of purchasing insurance policies online. health insurance, life insurance, automobile insurance you name an insurance, and it can probably be purchased online thanks to computers and technology. this is a great convenience for some folks. think about it: who wants to make a detour on their commute home from a long day of work to talk with an insurance agent about purchasing an insurance policy? wouldn t most people rather go home to spend time with their families and relax before the next day begins? while computers and technology make it much easier to spend more time enjoying these kinds of leisurely activities, they also make it much easier for us to lose connection with real people. by purchasing insurance online, you re saving time and effort, but you re also losing the important, yet overlooked, benefit of speaking with an insurance agent one-on-one, face-to-face. at the very most, the only human interaction you re going to have by purchasing insurance online is speaking with a representative over the phone. this isn t to say that you should avoid the perks of today s computers and technology, such as purchasing insurance online; however, you should make sure you have the chance to get some one-on-one time with an insurance agent even if that one-on-one time is only over the phone. rather than the conversation consisting solely of a brief synopsis of the coverage and your credit card number, ask specific questions, and make sure to get thoroughly detailed answers.
__label__non_math	0.8481	common streaming audio formats and players uncompressed cd-quality wav and aiff files are too large to stream over the internet for playback in real time. instead, lighter-weight compressed formats such as mp3 and realaudio are employed for streaming network audio. these formats use what are called "lossy" compression schemes, reducing file sizes by eliminating certain inaudible data from the original files without too significantly degrading playback sound quality. mp3 and realaudio are excellent streaming formats, achieving performance factors great enough to allow real-time encoding decoding over current network bandwidth conditions while delivering satisfying audio quality. mp3 and realaudio are not the only players in the network streaming audio arena. we'll also look at macromedia's flash and the ogg vorbis project from the xiphophorus group. since realaudio's internet history begins the earliest, we'll start with realaudio. in , progressive networks now realnetworks introduced realaudio, the internet's first widely-deployed streaming audio format. the realaudio player realplayer was freely distributed to users who at that time were typically connected to the internet via low-bandwidth modems; thus, the player supported connection rates as low as .kbps, which delivered audio quality comparable to the sound of a decent am radio. faster connections such as isdn accordingly improved reception speed and sound quality. by giving away basic versions of realplayer and the realproducer content-production utility, progressive networks seeded the market for their commercial product line and sparked an explosion in network multimedia. today you can find an astonishing number and variety of realaudio-enabled sites. as a curious example, i searched google for "realaudio history", hoping to find some background material on the format; instead, i found thousands of sites dedicated to various historical topics, all of which included audio presentations requiring realplayer. realplayer: realaudio in x happily, realplayer is available for linux, and you can retrieve it for free as either an rpm or tarball package from the real.com downloads page. installation is fairly straightforward, but there are a few snags to report. close your web browser before installing the software, then become the root user and run the installation package. the rpm file needs to be renamed: mv rp8linux20libc6i386cs1rpm rp8.linux20.libc6.i386.cs1.rpm before installing it as root with this command: rpm -i rp8.linux20.libc6.i386.cs1.rpm the tarball must have its permissions set as root again : chmod u x rp8linux20libc6i386cs1.bin now you can run the installation package: the installation procedure will automatically set up realplayer as a helper application in netscape, but be forewarned: it will also overwrite any custom settings you have for audio formats such as wav, aiff, and au, so you may want to back up your netscape preferences before installing realplayer. also, the installation will not automatically update the realaudio plug-in. close netscape, copy the rpnp.so file from your new home realplayer directory to home .netscape plugins, fire up netscape again, and your realaudio plug-in should now be enabled. check the help about plugins menu item in netscape for a status report. trplayer: realaudio for the console at least three realaudio players are available for the linux console. they all depend upon an existing installation of realplayer and act as wrappers for realplayer, making its functions available to console applications. the rap and rawrapper players require support for the frame-buffer device; i wanted to avoid the need for any special graphics support such as svga, frame-buffer, or ncurses in my console realaudio player, so i chose matthew campbell's trplayer. trplayer is available as a binary in rpm and deb packages, but i chose to build the latest beta version ..b2 from the source tarball. trplayer's only unique requirement is the slang library and header. fortunately, slang is found on most mainstream linux distributions, and a straightforward . configure; make should have your player ready to rock. however, due to the filesystem vagaries of linux distributions your build may fail with this message: main.cc:: slang.h: no such file or directory make: main.o error if so, change this line in to this line: when the build is complete, become root su root , run make install, and you will have a new command-line realaudio player. you can call it from the prompt at the console or in xterm, invoking it with an address linking the player to the realaudio stream: you now have streaming realaudio at the linux console. cool... realnetworks deserves praise for maintaining and steadily improving a freely available realplayer for linux, particularly since there's no other way to enjoy all those realaudio-empowered sites. harder-core users and developers might be dismayed to learn that real's software is available only in binary format and that source code is not freely available. nevertheless, there's only one place to go for realplayer, so if you want it, there you go. now let's look at that other major streaming audio format, the notorious mp3.
__label__non_math	0.5676	results to of enjoy an ad free experience by logging in. not a member yet? register. - join date - sep bandwidth limiting per user? i'm glad i came on this forum i have a question the answer is very important to me. so: on the vps dedicated server linux wich users created. how can i limit bandwidth each in a separate? for example first user speed mb. mb second and third mb. expect some clear answers. regards, silviu this solution would probably also work if the users access the server from different locations ips , in which case you could keep a small database with the lease ip information per user and calculate a bandwidth amount for each ip based on user per "ips for user". if no login was made you can of course fall back to a default speed group that everybody of the world is part of. how to set this up is another question that i can't answer you. basically you could provide some kind of login service to the users and a script behind it that alters the iptables respectively. the service can be either some fancy protocol, http auth, ldap auth, ppp login, ... there it strongly depends on how customizable that login is. - join date - apr - i can be found either miles west of chicago, or in a galaxy far, far away. rather than bandwidth limiting, bandwidth prioritization may be a better option for you, so everyone gets as much as is available, but some get more than others. assuming specific users are using specific machines, most routers firewalls will support this in some manner.sometimes, real fast is almost as good as real time. just remember, semper gumbi - always be flexible
__label__non_math	0.9998	greenhouse is committed to bringing independent developers and gamers together. as part of our mission, we are looking far and wide for new games for you to discover. to start, our goal is to bring something special to you once a month. while not all games will support every operating system, we certainly will pay special attention to those that do and we are happy to report that eschalon indeed supports windows, mac and linux. homerj pointed out that eschalon is also now being offered at a cheaper price point, ..
__label__non_math	0.9997	following allegations of rape a couple of months ago, swedish prosecutors yesterday announced they wish to have wikileaks founder julian assange returned to sweden for questioning. on made popular on the keystone cops nature of what increasingly looks like an international smear campaign against wikileaks founder julian assange is nothing short of amazing. after weeks of media reports claiming that mr assange is wanted in sweden for alleged rape, in fact no such thing is true - he's wanted for allegedly having consensual sex with two women but without a condom. opinion rape is a heinous crime and if wikileaks founder julian assange is proven guilty then he should do serious time in a swedish prison. that said, it must be asked when was the last time a person was made interpol's most wanted criminal for alleged non-consensual sex - or are there other factors at play? with julian assange facing charges of rape and the wikileaks site under attack, it s not surprising that the coverage has missed something significant. information privacy is fast becoming a thing of the past. written by: david heath written by: stan beer torrentfreak: "during his visit to the the swedish capital stockholm, wikileaks spokesman julian assange struck a deal with the local pirate party. the party, which participates in the national elections next month, will host several new wikileaks servers to protect the freedom of the press and help the whistleblower site to carry out its operation."
__label__non_math	0.9951	please vote for my sxswi proposal and go behind the scenes at linuxjournal.com if you are one of the thousands of people who attend the south by southwest interactive conference each year, you could have the opportunity to hear a little about how things work around here, as well as my perspective on the seemingly endless debate about the future of print and online publishing. steve evatt, one of the technology gurus behind chron.com, the high-traffic, high-profile houston newspaper site, will join me to add to the conversation. i hope to run into many of you at this and other conferences, and i hope you'll take the time to register and vote for our session before voting ends at cdt on friday, august . i'd love to share what i've learned in my years with linux journal, as well as highlight the open source tools in my web arsenal. linux journal and the houston chronicle both depend on significant web presence to ensure the long-term success of their brands. learn how we take advantage of web technologies to compliment our print publications. we'll discuss our preferred platforms, such as drupal and ruby on rails, information architecture strategies, and scaling challenges, while also highlighting some of our success stories and pitfalls. additionally, we ll offer perspectives on the different challenges of niche publications versus large, general audience publications. with the possibilities available via the web, we must focus on the content delivery and audience engagement solutions that are appropriate to our audiences. we ll cover hits and misses we ve experienced, and the technology behind them. we ll also discuss how to handle the inevitable bouts of phenomenal success, while not crumbling under heavy traffic. the web counterpart to a print publication will inevitably develop a slightly different audience, as well as its own flavor. we will discuss ways in which these can and should diverge, and the areas where they should not. there is much discussion about the future of publishing, and we will give a practical peek behind the scenes at what's working, what's not, and what the future holds. how should print publications take advantage of web technologies to enhance or extend their content? what are the preferred platforms, tools, and methodologies used by medium and large publishers in their online products? where have linux journal and chron.com succeeded most in engaging their online audiences? how can a web publisher handle periods of exceptionally high traffic due to a high-profile media event? how does an online publication develop its own identity while still complementing its print counterpart? should it? - rss feeds - new products - making linux and android get along it's not as hard as it sounds - drupal is a framework: why everyone needs to understand this - a topic for discussion - open source feature-richness? - home, my backup data center - readers' choice awards - developer poll - what's the tweeting protocol? - new products - web hosting iq min sec ago - web hosting iq min sec ago - web hosting iq min sec ago - reply to comment hours min ago - play with linux? i think you mean work-around linux hours min ago - where is epistle? hours min ago - you forgot owncloud hours min ago - aplikasi free hours min ago - having a framework hours min ago - fix my computer hours min ago enter to win an adafruit prototyping pi plate kit for raspberry pi it's raspberry pi month at linux journal. each week in may, adafruit will be giving away a pi-related prize to a lucky, randomly drawn lj reader. winners will be announced weekly. fill out the fields below to enter to win this week's prize-- a prototyping pi plate kit for raspberry pi. congratulations to our winners so far: - , pi starter pack: jack davis - , pi model b 512mb ram: patrick dunn - next winner announced on free webinar: linux backup and recovery most companies incorporate backup procedures for critical data, which can be restored quickly if a loss occurs. however, fewer companies are prepared for catastrophic system failures, in which they lose all data, the entire operating system, applications, settings, patches and more, reducing their system s to bare metal. after all, before data can be restored to a system, there must be a system to restore it to. in this one hour webinar, learn how to enhance your existing backup strategies for better disaster recovery preparedness using storix system backup administrator sbadmin , a highly flexible bare-metal recovery solution for unix and linux systems.
__label__non_math	0.9781	i received an email overnight that has me re-evaluating what my smart phone will be. but the email also raised a number of other questions in my mind that are more diverse and apply to more than just the decision of what smart phone to upgrade to. but first, here is the email, with the names changed to protect the guilty: phone company , in their infinite-but-incompetent wisdom, pushed an os upgrade to their android model phones last night that wipes out your contact lists. of course, phone company 's answer is to sync your contact with google, which i do not do because i have numbers that have to be kept in confidence. this means that the last decade of contacts are gone and i now have to rebuild from scratch. clearly, we have all been there before. some well intentioned software update has wiped out our critical data. it is one of the many reasons we all back up our data, especially our important, critical data. as an it professional, i could say too bad, you didn t back up your data, tough luck. in fact i suspect that many of you are thinking exactly that and why does it matter. in fact, i think it does matter and in many ways that we as open source professionals need to be aware of. let me take you back to my article in may where i was discussing my thoughts on migrating to a new phone. one of my important issues was being able to load and back up my important contacts. and based on the email i guess i should add in a secure manner. i too have a number of phone numbers that should never see the outside world. these are not classified numbers, but they are numbers that are considered close hold backdoor numbers, home numbers for people that would rather not just have anyone call them at home, numbers for access to certain facilities that the public in general just should not have. that sort of thing. so i can appreciate the idea of backing up to google as being a bad idea. and i am sure i am not alone. clearly, there has to be another way. and this is the rub. as an it professional, i am sure i can cobble up an alternative solution, but my friend is not. in fact, the phone in question is probably the most technologically advanced device they own. and in a number of cases, these devices are the most complicated devices that most people have in their possession and they are being marketed as a phone, rather than the computer they really are. further, these devices are being marketed as an alternative to that other palm based computing device but with the open source moniker writ large across them and poor pr will affect us, regardless of whether it is our fault or not. but what really bothers me most is this happened at all. i would like to blame phone company for this but i have to wonder, in , why we are still having os updates that overwrite the data on the device? this is not . we know how to update devices without overwriting personal data, every operating system today does it quite well. so what happened? is this an android issue? or a phone company issue ? i have not seen a wide spread hue and cry about androids being overwritten, but if it only started last night, it might take a day or so for the yelling to start we will have to keep an eye out. the point here is this. there needs to be provided as a point-of-sale item a simple solution for securely backing up user data. there also needs to be a way of ensuring that code flashes do not destroy personal data and pressure needs to be brought to bear on the phone companies and other resellers to educate their customers that these are not your parent s telephone. they are complex computing devices and need to be treated as such. - rss feeds - new products - making linux and android get along it's not as hard as it sounds - drupal is a framework: why everyone needs to understand this - a topic for discussion - open source feature-richness? - home, my backup data center - readers' choice awards - what's the tweeting protocol? - developer poll - new products - reply to comment hours min ago - play with linux? i think you mean work-around linux hours min ago - where is epistle? hours sec ago - you forgot owncloud hours min ago - aplikasi free hours min ago - having a framework hours min ago - fix my computer hours min ago hours min ago - missed one hours min ago - web host hours min ago enter to win an adafruit prototyping pi plate kit for raspberry pi congratulations to our winners so far: - , pi starter pack: jack davis - , pi model b 512mb ram: patrick dunn - next winner announced on
__label__math	0.7963	avsynthesis: blending light and sound with opengl and csound5 before doing anything else, save your performance and all its parts with the save part performance button figure . up to ten performances can be saved, each with ten parts, with up to layers per part. for now, just save your work to its starting location for example, performance , part . your track is represented now by its layer's blended image. next, we need to add a performance curve in the track timeline. left-click near the top of track section to set a peak for the curve, near the bottom for a zero value. the envelope curve offers only fixed-length attack and decay segments, but you can click and drag to set arbitrary lengths for peak and zero-value segments figure . okay, we've defined our visual and audio elements and their transformations, we've set a performance curve in the composition timeline, so we're ready to put avsynthesis into one of its performance modes. the square buttons at the bottom right of the composition screen represent the program's three performance modes. the right-most button turns on the rendering mode, the center square puts avsynthesis into a midi-controlled mode, and the left button toggles the real-time performance mode. the real-time mode plays the arrangement of layers and their associated curves on the composition screen timeline. click the button, and your composition plays in real time. click anywhere in the composition screen to stop playback. if an error occurs, avsynthesis may print some relevant information to your terminal window, or it may run with no display or sound until you click to stop playback. or, it may freak out entirely and freeze your system. as i said, it's experimental software, so these things happen. when the midi performance mode is selected, the midi continuous controller can be used as a layer fader during real-time performance from the composition screen. the input port is designated by the csound options specified in the avsynthesis config.xml file. in my example above, the -m0 option sets the input port to the alsa midi thru port. i tested midi control by hooking a sequencer to the midi thru port in qjackctl's midi connections panel. i used loops of sequential and random values for controller , and everything worked perfectly. the implementation is limited, but it points the way toward more interesting real-time performance controls, such as layer blackouts and sudden appearances. this midi control extends only to the video part of a layer; it does not affect the audio portion. the rendering mode runs the arrangement in the composition screen in slower than real time to produce one tga image file per video frame. the frame rate is set in the data config.xml file see above , and the author advises leaving it at its default of frames per second. thus, at the default frame rate, image files will be created for each second of your composition. these files can be compiled into an animation see below . at the same time, csound's output is captured to a soundfile render.wav in the data directory that can be added to the animation. for some reason, the render mode works only once per session. if you want to record another take, save your work and re-open the program. hopefully, this limitation will be removed in a future version. incidentally, the fullscreen, save perf part, realtime performance and midi mode buttons are available from all screens within avsynthesis. avsynthesis does not create a movie directly. when you click on the render button, the program creates a series of uniformly sized image files approximately 4mb each , and the number of files can be massive. you will need a video encoding program to turn these static images into a flowing animation. the following instructions use mencoder from the mplayer project, but any other video encoder should work, as long as it's capable of converting static tga images into a movie. the first step sorts the tga files into a numbered list. this step is necessary if your encoder reads the tga files in this order: .tga, .tga, 100.tga, .tga, .tga...101.tga, .tga, .tga and so on. encoding the files in that order results in images rendered out of their original sequence. we need to encode them in this order: .tga, .tga, .tga, .tga and so on. i asked the mavens on the linux audio users mailing list how they would resolve this irritating dilemma. various solutions were proposed, and the most appealing of which was this elegant fix from wolfgang woehl: cd data render find tga the list file can then be processed by mencoder. as i mentioned, the csound audio output is saved in a separate audio file named render.wav in the avsynthesis data directory. by default, this file is a -bit stereo wav file with a sampling rate of .1khz that is, a cd-quality soundfile. it needs no special attention unless you want to rename it. now, we're ready to encode our images and soundfiles. given the potentially large number of tga images, the encoder is likely to produce a very large video file, and even a relatively short animation can devour dozens of gigabytes of storage. we need to consider a compression scheme to reduce the file size. i discovered two ways of using mencoder to create a compressed avi from my audio and video data. the first way uses a multipass method: mencoder -ovc lavc -lavcopts 422p: -noskip -mf -o master.avi mf: mencoder -ovc lavc -lavcopts : -noskip -o foo.avi master.avi mencoder -oac copy -audiofile .. render.wav -ovc lavc -lavcopts -noskip -o foo.avi master.avi the first step creates a huge master file, which is then treated to a two-pass reduction scheme that adds the audio data in the second pass. this single-pass method also creates a large file, but it has the advantage of faster production: mencoder -oac copy -audiofile .. render.wav -ovc lavc -lavcopts -vf -noskip -mf -o avs-001.avi mf: as presented, this method sets the movie display size to 800x600. the scale parameter also can be included in either the second or third steps in the multipass example, and may in fact be necessary if your system complains about creating a large-sized movie. i've placed three example avis on-line at linux-sound.org avs-examples. each animation demonstrates some of the effects possible with a single gl shader for example, wobble.avi , the simplest csound audio setup one synth, one signal processor , and the mostly default values for the sequencer. alas, the compressed videos can only hint at the visual beauty of avsynthesis performing in real time, and they are offered merely as glimpses of the program's artistic potential. similis sum folio de quo ludunt venti. - rss feeds - new products - making linux and android get along it's not as hard as it sounds - drupal is a framework: why everyone needs to understand this - a topic for discussion - open source feature-richness? - home, my backup data center - readers' choice awards - developer poll - dart: a new web programming experience - what's the tweeting protocol? - linux is good min sec ago - reply to comment min sec ago - web hosting iq hour min ago - web hosting iq hour min ago - web hosting iq hour min ago - reply to comment hours min ago - play with linux? i think you mean work-around linux hours min ago - where is epistle? hours min ago - you forgot owncloud hours min ago - aplikasi free hours min ago enter to win an adafruit prototyping pi plate kit for raspberry pi congratulations to our winners so far: - , pi starter pack: jack davis - , pi model b 512mb ram: patrick dunn - next winner announced on
__label__non_math	0.9956	xrandr dual head desktop changes on second login running fedora , nvidia series board. dual head wide screen is fine - i have two 3840x1200 workspaces, and for each the screens divide in half perfectly. but in fedora it seems impossible to remove the logout option from the menu, and if i log out and log back in the desktop is wrong. though windows slide across from one monitor to the next as before, each is being treated as a separate desktop - the swicher now shows four 1920x1200 desktops, with independent taskbars, and sliding a window from one to the other moves it into the other window list. unfortunately our application simply can not tolerate this. i know it's not exactly an xrandr or xorg or gdm or gnome issue - they just aren't playing the game. i am surprised that when i killed gdm it still happened. i have to reboot to recover the correct configuration. so, does anyone know anyone who might know how to get around this? and where would i try to file a bug report? thanks for any ideas.
__label__math	0.6681	originally posted by edstorm besides that, is there a good reason to why iceweasel is better to be used than firefox? thanks a lot you can easily replace iceweasel with firefox if you want to i did . just remove iceweasel, then download firefox, untar it, and copy the firefox directory to usr lib . then cd into usr bin and run: ln -s usr lib firefox firefox firefox so the launcher on the bottom panel still works. backup your usr lib iceweasel plugins first in case you need to replace any of them like flash . for java, just cd into usr lib firefox plugins and run: ln -s usr lib jre plugin i386 ns7 libjavapluginoji.so usr lib firefox plugins it will be up to you to manually update firefox from then on.
__label__non_math	0.5956	top white papers java's new math, part : real numbersnov , , talkback s other stories by elliotte rusty harold thanks to an anonymous reader for this link. "sometimes you're so familiar with a class you stop paying attention to it. if you could write the documentation for java.lang.foo, and eclipse will helpfully autocomplete the functions for you, why would you ever need to read its javadoc? such was my experience with java.lang.math, a class i thought i knew really, really well. imagine my surprise, then, when i recently happened to be reading its javadoc for possibly the first time in half a decade and realized that the class had almost doubled in size with new methods i'd never heard of. obviously it was time to take another look. talkback s click to add your comment
__label__non_math	0.9064	top white papers build your own video community with lig and flowplayer debian lenny , talkback s other stories by falko timme thanks to falko timme for this link. "this article shows how you can build your own video community using lig with its modflvstreaming module for streaming .flv videos, the format used by most major video communities such as youtube and its modsecdownload module for preventing hotlinking of the videos on debian lenny. i will use flowplayer as the video player, a free flash video player with support for lig modflvstreaming module. i will also show how you can encode videos .mp4 .mov .mpg .3gp .mpeg .wmv .avi to the flv format supported by adobe flash. talkback s click to add your comment
__label__math	0.9919	linux-dvb satelco easywatch pci dvb-t ksan at saunalahti.fi fri dec :cet on , e9hack wrote: kim sandberg schrieb: makebudgetinfo satewt, "satelco easywatch dvb-t", budgetknc1cmk3 ; you should use budgetknc1t, budgetknc1tp or budgetcin1200t instead of budgetknc1cmk3. if you did test your card with the option buffer size', maybe we can use the odd even buffers also for the dvb-t cards. i tried budgetknc1t and it seems to work also. im not so familiar to the driver so i would know which is correct one to use. i tried with larger buffer but not for a longer period. options budget-core more information about the linux-dvb
__label__non_math	0.9998	penn state s campus is full of many attractions and unique artifacts that in some cases come from all over the world. from historical objects that date back to the 1800s, to world-famous ice cream and a breathtaking botanical garden, the university park campus has a diverse offering of things to see and do. stay with lion country lodging when you come to learn about the history and explore the culture of penn state university. here are seven places you must visit when on penn state s campus. old main frescoes lining the entire second floor of the old main lobby, the frescoes pay tribute to penn state s history as a land-grant institution. the first frescoes were painted by henry varnum poor in . eventually, penn state students wanted the whole wall covered with frescoes, so they raised money to bring poor back in to complete the east and west halls of the lobby and by all was complete. university activities, many of which are still key parts of the school today are depicted such as agriculture, mineral industries and engineering. the most endearing shot sits right above the main stairway to the second floor. it depicts president abraham lincoln with a young student planting a tree. poor painted lincoln because he signed the land-grant act into law and he viewed lincoln as a symbol of hope for higher education. the building is open to the public monday through friday, a.m. to p.m. palmer museum of art this free-admission palmer museum of art is a terrific way to spend a few hours on campus. among the more than ,000 permanent fixtures are: american and european artwork, european and japanese studio ceramics and objects from ancient european african and near eastern cultures. throughout the year, the museum also hosts special exhibits in addition to its normal collection of artwork. psu all-sports museum explore the athletic history and tradition of penn state athletics inside the penn state all-sports museum. the museum sits in the southwest corner of beaver stadium and showcases the deep athletic history of the university that goes far beyond the football team. learn about the successes of some of the smaller programs such as fencing, softball and track and field. the museum houses trophies, floor-to-ceiling visuals and other significant penn state sports memorabilia. most notably, the heisman trophy won by penn state running back john cappelletti in . nittany lion shrine the symbol of penn state and the most photographed spot on campus, the nittany lion shrine is located directly across from rec hall on curtin road. made out of indiana limestone, the shrine was a gift to the university by the class of . the berkey creamery with no disrespect to the creamery building, a lovely building on the east side of the campus, it s not about the venue; it is all about the ice cream. lots and lots of ice cream you can t go wrong with some alumni swirl vanilla ice cream with swiss mocha chips and blueberry swirl , arboretum breeze mint flavored vanilla ice cream with chocolate chips and raspberry swirl or the classic death by chocolate chocolate ice cream with chocolate flakes, chocolate fudge and swirl . in total, the creamery makes about 100 different ice cream flavors. penn state arboretum constructed in , the arboretum is one of the newest additions to penn state s campus. located next to the lewis katz law building on park avenue and bigler road, it s easy to get lost in the beauty of the arboretum s gardens, water structures and stone sculptures. the overlook pavilion provides a breathtaking view of the garden when you look towards campus. when looking north, you can take in the beauty of the rolling hills and countryside of happy valley. during the spring, summer and fall the arboretum is a great place to take a stroll or just relax. a winter garden and conservatory are being planned for the future. situated on the allen street mall just behind willard building, the obelisk contains 281 stones that are arranged in their natural geological order. it was built in to show the value of pennsylvania building stone. after a long day strolling through campus, relax by dining away from the fray at carnegie inn spa s fine dining venue and then choose from one of our six hotel properties for the perfect state college stay. visit lion country lodging carnegie inn spa - 814 234- 100 cricklewood drive state college, pa days inn penn state - 814 238- 240 s. pugh street state college, pa hilton garden inn - 814 -272- east college avenue state college, pa nittany budget motel - 814 238- cato avenue state college, pa quality inn state college - 814 234- north atherton street state college, pa super - 814 237- s. atherton st state college, pa
__label__non_math	0.9999	is located in central england on the welsh border english inn located near the ironbridge gorge family would like to welcome you to the lion hotel. we have luxury en-suite bedrooms all individually furnished to the highest restaurant offers an extensive a la carte menu served tuesday to saturday evenings, -. we also offer evening specials served in our comfortable lounge bar monday friday why not enjoy a drink or snack in our lounge bar which offers comfortable and relaxed setting with its leather settees and armchairs. the lion hotel is within easy reach of the famous world heritage site of the ironbridge gorge and its award winning museums where parking is free on all sites we are only minutes drive to telford and are ideally situated for travel to surrounding areas such as wolverhampton and shrewsbury. lion hotel high street, broseley, near ironbridge, shropshire tf12 5ez tel: fax: email: firstname.lastname
__label__non_math	0.7807	get diamond rodeo oz. melamine pasta soup bowl - - " product code: get-b-139-r usually ships in -business days g.e.t. rodeo diamond pasta soup bowl- western cuisine is in demand from coast to coast, year round. a fun, comfortable theme setter that ropes in the customers every time at an affordable price. the rodeo patterns a sure winner when you take into account how rugged this dinnerware really is. extra heavy duty with an exceptional glaze to prevent stains and add to that it is nsf listed melamine. overall rating for get diamond rodeo oz. melamine pasta soup bowl - - "
__label__non_math	0.6566	oneida mexican black conservo platter - - " x - " product code: on-f1520911359 usually ships in -business days oneida mexican black conservo platter especially designed for stylish presentation of zesty tex-mex menu offerings. made of twice-fired porcelain body, the awesome mexican collection features pieces that are specifically sized for serving tex-mex cuisine, in eccentric shapes and styles that become more eye-catching and effective when mixed together in different colors- in contrast with one-toned table settings. with dimensions of .inches .cm. by .inches .cm. , the irresistible oneida mexican black conservo platter is available under item number on-f1520911359. overall rating for oneida mexican black conservo platter - - " x - "
__label__non_math	0.9990	tuesday, september , 2010the lipscomb lady bisons wanted a test and that is exactly what they got from the belmont bruins. the shortest rivalry in terms of distance between two schools heated up at the curb center tuesday afternoon with the lady bisons winning set one -, set two -and set four -. i think we are the top two teams in the atlantic sun conference, lipscomb coach brandon rosenthal said. i think anyone in this conference who watched this match had the idea of measuring our two teams and measuring where they are at this point in the season. i thought we did a nice job. i wouldn t say that we played our best volleyball. the lady bisons fell -in set three. that set loss ended a streak of straight set wins. the -win against belmont also ended a string o f3-match sweeps at six. i am spent, rosenthal said. i didn t do a very good job in set three. i over coached in set three and we didn t need that. set three was my fault. mid-way through set four, when we got a two-point lead, we called a time out and talked about just executing. in one and two we did a nice job of executing. i thought we did a spotty job of executing in sets three and four. we were missing so many assignments and defensive plays. the lady bisons spread the offense around with middle blocker alex kelly making a match-high kills. outside hitter meghan hinemeyer, who has excelled on defense this season, opened up the offensive portion of her game with kills. outside hitter kaycee green added . setter stefine jake pease made assists. kelly recorded a double-double with a match-leading digs. hinemeyer also had a double-double with digs. due to some injury issues the lady bisons played with more varied lineup combinations than usual. kelsey neumann started at one of the middle blocker positions and played in all four sets. claire peterson played middle blocker in the fourth set and made two kills and added one dig. katie rose spent time at libero, a position she played last season. we had to substitute a couple of people, rosenthal said. i preach day in and day out that it is a team game. i don t think that was more evident than in the substitution of claire peterson. that was her first chance to play the middle position in a match. it is a tough position. what she did at the end was tremendous in terms of blocking the ball and hitting the ball. even beyond the stats was the way she played her role. the lady bisons are -. belmont fell to -. this match does not count on either team s atlantic sun conference record. the lady bisons are on the road this weekend for their fourth, and last, pre-conference tournament. friday night they play host st. louis in the billiken invitational in st. louis. saturday they face western kentucky and marshall. written by mark mcgee, senior publisher director of media relations.
__label__non_math	0.5649	gene fault linked to stroke risk a single genetic mutation can double your risk of stroke , the daily mail has reported. the newspaper added that scientists hope the discovery could lead to tailored treatments for the condition. the news is based on research which looked for genetic variations that were more common in people who had had an ischaemic stroke than in people who had not had one. ischaemic strokes occur when the blood flow to a part of the brain is blocked. they account for of stroke cases. by testing the dna of several thousand participants, the researchers identified a new genetic variant that was associated with increased risk of a type of ischaemic stroke called a large vessel stroke . in large vessel strokes, one or more of the arteries supplying blood to the brain become blocked. people can carry up to two copies of the variant, and the study s authors estimated that each copy of the variant a person carried was associated with about a increase in the odds of a large vessel stroke. however, it is not yet known whether this genetic variant raises the risk of a stroke, or if it is found near to another variant that is responsible for the increased risk. this well-designed study has identified a new association between a genetic variation and strokes. however, the study cannot confirm whether the variation itself causes the increased risk of a stroke. this key issue will need to be clarified before these findings can contribute to the development of the new treatments that many newspapers optimistically predicted. where did the story come from? the study was carried out by researchers from the university of oxford, st george s, university of london, and a number of other uk and international universities and research institutes. it was funded by the wellcome trust. the study was published in the peer-reviewed scientific journal nature genetics. this study was covered by a number of newspapers. in general, the coverage of the research was good, although many news stories focused on its potential to lead to the development of screening tests and new treatments. however, there is no guarantee that this research will lead to such advances. if it does, they are likely to be some way off. what kind of research was this? this case-control study aimed to identify genetic factors that are associated with an increased risk of ischaemic strokes. ischaemic strokes occur when there is a blockage of blood flow to part of the brain. this can deprive brain cells of vital oxygen and nutrients. around of strokes are ischaemic. the remainder are haemorrhagic strokes, caused by a blood vessel rupturing in or around the brain. to find genetic variants associated with strokes, the researchers read the dna sequences of a group of patients who had had an ischaemic stroke. they compared them to the sequences of a group of healthy people. their theory was that genetic variations that were more common among the stroke group could potentially be linked to stroke risk. to verify whether the variants they initially identified in these groups were associated with strokes, the researchers tested if the same pattern was seen when another group of stroke patients were compared with another group of healthy individuals controls . this is an accepted method that is used when performing genetic studies of this type. although this was a well-designed study, genetic studies like this one can only show that a particular genetic variant is associated with a disease. further experiments are required to see if the variants identified have a role in causing strokes, or if they lie close to other genetic variants that have this effect. what these variants do still needs to be identified, so media claims that this research could lead to potential new treatments seem premature. it is also important to remember that genetic, medical and lifestyle factors are likely to contribute to a person s risk of a stroke. it should not be assumed that a person s genetics mean that they will definitely have a stroke. equally, people without high-risk genetics may still be at risk of a stroke risk because of lifestyle factors, such as smoking. what did the research involve? in the first phase of the study, researchers recruited ,548 individuals who had had an ischaemic stroke the cases and ,972 healthy individuals the controls . the researchers looked for genetic variants that were more common in the stroke group. in a second phase, the researchers confirmed their findings in a new group of ,859 cases and ,281 controls. the new genetic variation they identified was then re-confirmed in a further 735 cases and ,583 controls. what were the basic results? the researchers identified genetic variants at three locations that have been associated with different subtypes of ischaemic stroke in previous studies near the genes pitx2 and zfhx3, and on the short arm of chromosome . in addition, they identified a genetic variant at a new position within the hdac9 gene, which was associated with a subtype of ischaemic stroke called large vessel stroke. in large vessel strokes, one or more of the large arteries supplying blood to the brain become blocked. this variant in hdac9 occurs on about of chromosomes in people in the uk. humans have two copies of each chromosome, and therefore we can carry up to two copies of this variant one on each chromosome . the researchers calculated that each copy of the variant that a person possessed was associated with a increase in the odds of having a large vessel stroke odds ratio ., confidence interval .to .for each copy . how did the researchers interpret the results? the researchers concluded that they have identified a new association with the hdac9 gene region in large vessel stroke . they also stated that the mechanism by which variants in the hdac9 region increase large vessel stroke risk is not immediately clear. in this study, researchers have identified a genetic variant in the hdac9 gene that is associated with a subtype of ischaemic stroke called a large vessel stroke. large vessel strokes occur when one or more of the arteries supplying blood to the brain become blocked. in this type of study, the genetic variants identified as being associated with a condition are not necessarily the cause of the increase in risk. instead, they may lie near another variant that is responsible for the effect. in order to unlock the role of the hdac9 gene, researchers will now need to study it and the region surrounding it more closely, both to confirm whether the variation in this gene is responsible for the increase in stroke risk and, if so, how it has this effect. genetic, medical and lifestyle factors are likely to contribute to stroke risk. in addition, multiple genetic factors may potentially contribute to the risk. it s important to note that although having higher-risk genetic variants increases the risk of having a stroke, it does not guarantee that a person will have one. equally, people who do not have any associated variants can still be at risk of a stroke because of lifestyles factors such as smoking, drinking and their diet. this well-designed study found an association between a new genetic variant and one type of stroke. as yet, it is not possible to say whether this finding will lead to the development of new treatments for large vessel strokes. search for a job search for a car search for a house weather for lisburn saturday may temperature: c to c wind speed: mph wind direction: north west temperature: c to c wind speed: mph wind direction: south east
__label__non_math	0.6470	a wide variety of tracing operations are available in the buffers , definitions and expression menus. the scope of each operation depends on which menu the command is chosen from. choose trace from either the buffers , definitions or expression menus to display a menu of trace commands that you can apply to the current region or expression, or the currently selected buffers or definitions, as appropriate. note that you can select several items in the buffers and definitions views. see tracing symbols from tools for full details of the tracing facilities available in the editor.
__label__non_math	0.9999	halloween with sinnndybysinnndy it's been a while since i have found the time to write a story, so here is a small recap of what is happening in my life right now. i am , billy and i are engaged to be married next labor day weekend and my girlfriend jodi will probably marry billy's brother josh. jodi and i still spend a lot of quality time in and out of the bedroom with each other. josh started working for billy a couple of months ago and is still learning the business. both of them go out of town almost each week leaving jodi and myself behind to fend for ourselves, so we do what comes naturally to both of us, we fool around and hang out together. my kinky sex life has slowed down quite a bit since i became engaged, not for the fact that i am engaged, but i think it was just a progression of where i am headed in life. there was no way i could keep up the pace that i was at, and i lost another online master. our club on msn started taking too much time from his life, so now we are looking for someone else to run the club. i'm actually happy for the slowdown, i can concentrate on my business more, and it is really booming. for those who haven't read my previous stories, i was a personal trainer at a health club and enjoyed working there, but they wanted to mess with my schedule expecting me to work more hours than i wanted to. billy built me a gym in his basement so i took my good clients with me and started my own business working out of our basement. i love it, i can work as many or as few hours as i want to, and i don't have to worry about any commission. billy always has a halloween party every year, and it is usually pretty wild. we decided to really go for a stretch with our costumes this year; i was going to dress as a slave and billy as my master. i was dressed in all leather, a tight vest and a short skirt, no panties of course, and i donned my collar with leash attached. billy always has a scheme in mind for me, and i always love what he has planned. i was really curious as to what he had in store for me this year, most of the time; i have some idea, but not this year. billy and i always greet the guests as they first enter his house. there were the usual wild costumes, a lot of them bdsm related, slaves, masters and a lot of leather. there was a lot of the regular halloween wear, men dressed as women, women dressed as schoolgirls, ghosts and goblins. most people really took the time to get their costumes together, we were quite pleased. we always have a great spread; billy hires out a caterer who did an awesome job as always. we had huge pieces of shrimp, chicken wings, quesadilla's, and my favorite, sushi. billy and i started mingling with the guests, i ran over and gave jodi a big kiss hello, she was dressed as a schoolgirl, her hair in pigtails, short plaid skirt, white shirt, she looked sexy. billy and i then started talking to one of his business buddies, peter who introduced us to his date, a stunning tall blonde named tanya. she had long straight flowing hair, long lean legs, beautiful white teeth, nice firm "b" cup breasts and a great looking tush. she was also dressed as a slave, leather vest and short skirt, almost identical to my outfit except that she had knee high black boots. billy informed me that tanya and i were going to be involved in a contest that evening. peter had bragged to billy that tanya was the biggest slut he had ever seen and the best oral artist he had ever experienced, and that i was no match for her. billy knows better, that while i hadn't been as sexually active as in the past, that nobody gives better head than i do, and no one is a bigger slut. it would be a simple contest in a best of three categories. the first category was to see how many people we could give oral homage to in a three-hour period. we would then give a card to the lucky person and tell them to give us a rating of to , with being the highest. there was a box in the front hall that they were to turn the ratings cards in to. if we split the first two parts of the contest, then the third part would be for the two of us to try and get the other one off faster. i knew that tanya would be stiff competition, no man or woman would say no to her. i hate women with long longs, it isn't fair. the contest was to start in minutes, which would make it , and end at midnight. billy and peter were off limits as was jodi for me; it had to be people that we weren't regular lovers with. i didn't even have the advantage of knowing more people than tanya because she knew almost as many people there that i did, but that was ok with me, it would be a fair contest and i love competition. it would also be nice to know whether i had lost a little of my touch, but i was confident of one thing, she might get more people to allow her to give head to, but my average rating would be higher than hers, i just knew that. the contest had begun, so i started checking out the crowd to see who would make good candidates. i saw three of billy's basketball buddies chatting together and walked over to say hi. all three are black and in wonderful shape, james, ronnie and horse. if you read any of my past stories, horse is nicknamed that because he has a " dick. one of the rules of the contest was that at first, we couldn't tell the men or women that it was a contest, if we did, there was a section on the card that would give it away if we didn't play fair. i just came out and told the guys that i was horny and thirsty for their man juice. most men would probably be shocked, but the three of them knew me quite well, so off we went to my bedroom. i told the guys that i was having my period, so i could only give them head. they had no problem with that of course; after all, they were men. i had them drop their pants, ronnie and james were about " each, james a bit thicker than ronnie, and of course horse is just massive. i started sucking on james' cock while stroking the other two. i took turns sucking their cocks and stroking them as i really didn't have a lot of time to spare, but i also wanted it to be good for all of them. i started to alternately deep throat ronnie and james, i would take one of them all the way into my throat and teasingly go up slowly while slithering my tongue on their hard cocks, then i would do the same to the other one. i always kept two in my hands; this really helped get them off quicker. i decided that james would be first, so i really started working on him, sucking him all the way up and down. i released my grip on horse; i had plans for him after i was done with the other two. i used my free hand to stroke james while i sucked and bobbed my head up and down and was rewarded with a nice creamy deposit straight down my throat. i then went to work on ronnie, using one hand to stoke his cock firmly while moving my head up and down on his cock and sucking him like a hoover. he didn't last too long, but pulled out and shot his load all over my face, which i found to be a waste. i then explained to them about filling out the cards and where to deposit them and dismissed the two of them kindly; i had other ideas for horse. i knew this was a contest, but i wasn't going to waste being around his massive manhood, and i had billy's ok to play. i had two goals in mind, one, to give him head for the contest, and two, to get his monster all the way inside of me. i slowly teased and swirled my tongue around his cock, completely coating in with my saliva as my fingernails tickled his testicles. i was driving him nuts, i looked at his face, his eyes were closed and he had a huge smile on his face. horse is a sweet gentle mountain of a man at around -and over 300 pounds. he had always had women problems because let's face it, most women would freak whenever they saw his cock. i knew i had to get this over a bit quicker than i really wanted, so i started pumping his cock firmly with one hand and sucked as much of his head that i could fit into my mouth. i also would suck on his shaft and really quickened my stroking. horse was close to cumming, being the nice guy that he is, he tried to pull away, but i wouldn't let him. i stroked his cock firmly and placed my mouth over his head, awaiting my creamy dessert. i wasn't disappointed as he shot a monster load into my mouth. i swirled it around on my tongue showing horse his load on my tongue, and then swallowed and opened my mouth showing him that i did just that. i kept stroking and licking his cock, i wanted him hard for me now. he went limp for a while, but i started talking dirty to him telling him how much i need his big cock and how badly i wanted his cream shot up high inside of my pussy. it didn't take long for him to get hard again, and when he was, i playfully pushed him down on the bed. i was really wet and extremely hot and horny, this man had the perfect cock and i was going to milk it dry. his massive head went in with a pop, and i slowly slid down on the first " of his cock. men have told me how good it feels to have a woman slowly drop down on their cocks, and i could tell that was true by the smile on horse's face. i slowly lifted my body, and then went back just as slow on the way down. each time i went down, i could feel him going deeper inside of me, if i could guess, i would have said that i had about " inside of me. i felt so full at that point and decided to start riding him a little faster, that way more and more would go inside of me naturally and i wouldn't have to concentrate so hard on taking the whole thing. so ride i did and while riding, i grabbed horse's hands and placed them on my hips, urging him to pull me down on my downward thrusts. i usually don't cum while fucking, but i felt an orgasm coming on. on one downward thrust i went down as hard as i could, and i was there, mount everest, his entire cock filling my hot little pussy. i saw stars, there was intense pain at first, and then a wonderful warm rush in my loins as an intense orgasm swept through my body. i was in a wonderful place in time, completely filled and one of god's gifts to women causing my body to shudder and shake. we stayed that way for a little while until i could catch my breath, it was quite an intense feeling and as it subsided, i had horse roll over while still buried inside of me until i was on my back. i then laid back and let him do the work. no woman had ever taken his whole cock in their pussy before and knowing me well, he started pounding me hard, slamming his 300 plus pound body into me. i loved every second of his pounding, and i started giving him some dirty talk to keep him going hard. i then placed my legs around his shoulders giving him even deeper access and adding to the pleasure of his huge tool slamming in and out of my hungry pussy. i could feel his big balls slapping against my butt cheeks, so i reached underneath to playfully claw at his balls with my fingernails. he was really pumping me hard, and i could see he wasn't going to last too much longer, so i placed my finger in my mouth to moisten it, and slid it into his asshole. his eyes opened wide, he then grunted and started shooting a massive dose of cum into the deepest depths of my pussy, and then he collapsed on top of me, his cock completely buried inside of me. we got cleaned up and i gave him a big kiss explaining to him that i had some catching up to do in the contest. i decided that i had to work fast, so i scanned the crowd for single men and spotted a couple of guys chatting away. i walked right up and introduced myself, their names were rich and marty, two business associates of billy and newcomers to one of billy's parties. after a little chitchat, i told both men that i was a cum slut and needed to suck them off. they were taken aback by my straight forwardness, but of course, they were men, so getting them to play along was easy. i took marty, a 40ish gray haired man in the bathroom and quickly pulled his pants down and took his hardening cock in my hand, then steering it into my mouth. he had an average sized cock, around " and i deep throated it quite easily. that brought a shocked sigh from marty, after all, most women cannot deep throat most men, they are either afraid or don't know how to work past the gag reflex like i can. it was now time for business, no time to fool around, so i licked his cock all over to get him nice and hard. i then started sucking him all the way down my throat and on the way out; i gave him a good solid stroke with one hand while fondling his balls with the other hand. marty was in heaven, his eyes were shut and he had that "damn, this feels great" look on his face. marty didn't last too long; most men can't when i put my mind to it and really concentrate on getting them off. he pulled away and shot a huge load all over my face and breasts. i then told him about the contest and handed him the rating card. i cleaned up and went out to repeat the same procedure to rich, who like marty, had a nice average cock and really enjoyed my performance. i picked out men very carefully as i didn't want any wives ticked off at me, unless they were swinging friends, that way i knew it was cool with the ladies. it was getting close to the bewitching hour, i had about minutes to go and the male candidates were dwindling. i scanned the people at the party and went from room to room until i spotted the perfect candidates. there were three stunning women from jodi's exotic dance club that i knew pretty well, knowing also that they were bi-sexual. i walked up to the three hotties; there was gina, a dark haired and skinned italian woman. she was in her mid 's, about -and approximately 110 pounds. jenny was a shorthaired blonde, -, about 120 pounds with huge, but fake breasts, i prefer mine real. jessie was also a brunette, but she was a tall curvaceous amazon type without an ounce of fat on her, you could bounce a quarter off of her abs. i told the three of them that i wanted to try a new technique out on jodi, but that i wanted to test it first and asked if they would help out. they had been at the party and were very loose by this time; they were dressed as the powerpuff girls, bubbles, blossom and buttercup. they were pretty game so i led them into my bedroom and helped them undress, which was a real pleasure. it was like a dream scene, four hot, sexy, horny and naked women in my bedroom, i had to pinch myself to believe that it was really happening. i had them lay next to each other and decided to start from left to right. i really didn't have time for a lot of foreplay, but i knew i had to warm them up. i started with gina first; she was mostly shaven with her pubic hair trimmed like a little heart. we started kissing, lightly at first, tongues swirling in each other s mouths as my hands wandered to touch her breasts and quickly worked their way down to her moist pussy. i dipped my index finger in and bought it to her lips. she sucked on my finger like it was a cock as i slid two fingers from my other hand deep inside of her and started twirling them in a washing machine motion, back and forth. meanwhile, jenny and jessie decided to start their foreplay without me, which was cool since they would be nicely warmed up by the time i got to them. i kissed my way down gina's toned body and went to work licking her pussy, sucking on her outer lips while working on her g-spot with my fingers. i lightly licked her clit, which sent shivers throughout her body. i ignored her clit for another minute, paying attention to the rest of her pussy, and then her hands went on top of my head pushing me closer to her, signaling to me that she wanted me to make her cum. i started in on her clit, licking in circles and up and down, gently sucking and nipping at it until i found the right combination, which drove her wild. her legs were thrashing around as she pushed me in even closer while moaning loudly, that turned me on. i continued my assault on her g-spot with my fingers and her clit with my tongue and mouth until she started screaming and bucking, telling me and whoever else was in lake county that she was cumming. gina finally calmed down and i went straight to work on jenny's pussy, no teasing, right to her clit as my fingers searched for her g-spot. jenny was quite ready for me; she was wet and had the same heart shaped pubic hair as gina did. jenny was very sensitive to my touch, like she would jump out of her skin every time i tried a new technique. i worked fast and when i sucked her clit into my mouth, she put both hands on my head and actually shot a creamy and tasty deposit into my waiting mouth. i looked over at jessie; she had big beautiful hazel eyes, which were lustfully glancing at me. she could tell by the way that her friends had just cum that she was in for a treat, and i didn't let her down. she was a real moaner and a dirty talker, urging me on by calling me her slut and a little whore. she had a bit of dominance in her, and of course, i liked that. she told me what to do, when to slow down and when to speed up, she wanted to control me and i believe by my body language that she knew i was a submissive. she grabbed my hair with both hands and pulled it up and down as i tongued and sucked on her clit while fucking her pussy with two and then three fingers. i stuck a fourth in, and before i knew it, my fist was in her and i was pushing it in a couple of inches past my wrist. she was really bucking and moaning, pulling my hair, telling me to go deeper and deeper. i didn't want to hurt her, so i pushed in a little deeper and started twisting my hand. i then sucked her clit into my mouth and licked it with the tip of my tongue, which brought her to a hard and long climax. i then explained the contest and the rules to them, telling them that i hoped they weren't mad because i kind of used them. they weren't mad, in fact, all three of them wanted to get me in bed, but respected my relationship with jodi, so they left me alone. before i left the room, jessie came up to me and told me that she hoped we could play again sometime, and i told her that it would definitely happen and that we would talk later. it was now midnight, billy and peter went into a room to tally up the scorecards and came out after about minutes while about onlookers watched and waited. neither one of us had any idea who was the winner, or if the tiebreaker would be necessary. peter announced that by a score of to , and an average of .to ., that i was the winner. i jumped up and gave first peter, then billy a big kiss. i then went over to tanya, shook her hand and gave her a big hug. we looked into each other's and went into a deep, sloppy kiss. we were both competitors and wanted to see who could get the other one off first and to pleasure each other, there was definitely mutual attraction. tanya had not paid oral homage to a woman yet that evening, so i really had the upper hand. i pushed her onto her back on a couch and placed myself so i was looking face down at her bare pussy. i dove right in licking her pussy all over while grinding my also bare pussy into her face. i found out later that she had not been with a lot of women, but i wouldn't have guessed that because she ate me like a pro. she followed a lot of what i was doing. while i was searching for her g-spot, she followed suit. when i licked her in circles she did the same; she was smart and a natural. she couldn't keep up with me however as i was always a step ahead of her, and when i stuck a finger into her ass and sucked her clit into my mouth, she moaned, bucked and came hard, squeezing her thighs around my head as she screamed out loud that she was cumming. i gently licked and slurped at her pussy as she went back to her assault on my pussy, and like her teacher, she stuck her finger in my ass and sucked my clit into her mouth, causing me to shake and moan, bringing me to another wonderful orgasm.
__label__non_math	1.0000	nrlynkdbabe's winter getaway ch. 01bynrlynkdbabe well i have received many messages asking for an adventure that included being naked in the snow. yes i love being naked in the cold and snow for reasonable periods of time. so i wanted to do it for me as well as for you, i also wanted to some revenge with tian. i strongly suggest if you haven't already done so you read my last adventure "nrlynkdbabe's bbq adventure " before reading this one. after tian had made me suffer during a late summer bbq i knew i wanted to turn the tables on her. now she is not comfortable being naked in front of strangers and she definitely does not like the cold, especially when barely dressed or naked. i was in the process of devising a plan to have some fun with tian and make her suffer some for what she had done to me. as i was trying to formulate a plan i received feedback on one of my stories from another author that posts here. it turns out that i was a huge fan of hers and had tried many times to contact her, she was also listed in my favorites. if you have never read any of the stories posted by carrie1 you should. i had read all of the dares and such she did on her carrie's stories page and one or two had to do with being nearly naked in the snow. so i want to thank carrie for inspiring me during this adventure and allowing me to use some of her ideas to make it a very fun nipple popping weekend. i have a friend who owns a nice ski chalet up in the pocono mountains of pennsylvania and so i asked if i would be able to use it for an upcoming weekend. it's somewhat secluded and has an outdoor hot tub which i knew would be fun. i explained what i wanted to do and he said i could certainly use the chalet if i let him in on some of the fun. that was no problem because he would be very useful in getting some good natured revenge on tian. we set the date and i called tian and asked he if she would like a weekend getaway to the mountains and she said yes without hesitation. i told her i would get back to her with details in a few days. we had to postpone it the first time because of dangerously low temperatures and wind chills. so we moved it to the next weekend, it was still going to be colder than i would have liked and it would shorten my time naked in the snow but we were going to go ahead with our plans. i called my friend mike, the owner of the chalet and told him my plan and then i called tian and told her the details. i told her to be sure and bring her smallest bikini and leave her bra's and panties at home. i said i will destroy any i find in her bag. i told her to wear either a long t-shirt like a dress or a nice short clingy dress. we would keep the car warm enough that we would not need any coats for the ninety minute trip to the chalet. i began getting my stuff together for the weekend. i packed a short skirt that is made of the same material as sweatpants, a long t-shirt that i wear as a dress, an old t-shirt that is cut off so it ends just below my boobs, a few other crop tops and my bikini bottom. i did not bring my bikini top or any bras or panties. i honestly don't own many of either but the few i have i left home. i had thought about putting everything in an overnight bag and just going naked but decided to have some fun flashing along the way. i love being totally naked which to me means no clothes, footwear or jewelry but i love reading the stories of carrie1. she is one sexy babe who makes being barely dressed in clothes that may or may not keep her good parts covered very erotic. i wanted to have some fun like that this weekend as well as spending time totally naked. i had once read a story that made sweatpants sexy as hell and had tried it during one of my earlier adventures. i pulled the sweatpants out of the closet and pulled them on to see if they would still work as they had before. they are normal sweatpants but i had removed the string is used to hold them up. now the only thing that held them up was my hips, they rode quite low nearly exposing the top of my ass crack. they hung there precariously but with too much movement they would slide down, exposing my naked ass and pussy. i had a great time when i wore them and hoped to have fun again this time. i put everything in a very small bag including a pair of shoes, a pair of my flip flops and i was ready to go. i was going i looked at the weather forecast and it was not good. they said the temperatures would be in the single digits at night and in the twenties during the day with snow. the wind chill at night would be below zero so any thoughts of running out in the snow naked at night were put to rest. i would however make the best of it and do my best to have a fun sexy weekend. i had arranged for tian to pick me up saturday morning and get us to the chalet by noon or so. we only had the one night there, if the weather had been better we would have left to go on friday. i had my sweatpants on with cutoff t-shirt which left me bare from my hips to just below my boobs and despite the weather i went barefoot. i was ready and waiting for tian to arrive and then i heard a car door close. i looked out and saw tian walking to my door in boots and a coat. iu opened the door before she had a chance to ring the bell. "what's with the coat?" i asked before she could say anything "it's fucking freezing out there, in case you didn't realize it." she said as she stepped inside. "open it up, let me see what you have on under it." i said as i moved closer to her. tian opened the coat and i saw she was wearing a big t-shirt which ended about six inches above her knees. i moved forward, grabbed the bottom of the shirt and pulled it up exposing the small patch of blue-black pubic hair. "good no panties, what about a bra?" i said as i reached up and squeezed her boob. "good no bra either, now take the coat off." she didn't hesitate. " you seem a little overdressed in those sweat pants, i thought you would be more exposed." tian said obviously disappointed. i took her coat and rolled it up holding it with both hands as i took a few steps back from her. before she could say anything more i just barely moved my hips and my sweatpants dropped an inch or so and then slid down to my ankles. "oh i like those, i'll have to make sure your hands are always full." tian said with a huge grin on her face. i tossed tian her coat and pulled my sweats up, grabbed my bag and said let's go. "where are your shoes girl?" tian asked when she saw me going out barefoot. "in my bag with my flip flops, you should go barefoot too." i said looking at the boots. "i'll take them off when we get in the car." tian said as she started down the steps. i told tian her coat had to go in the trunk with all our other stuff and that we would stay dressed as we are until we reached the chalet. as soon as we stepped outside the cold hit us, i saw tian's nipples stiffen and almost poke through her t-shirt. my nipples popped to attention right away also, but i had the sweatpants on so i didn't have the cold air blowing on my pussy like tian did in the t-shirt she was wearing as a dress. i have to admit i was a bit jealous that tian was somewhat more exposed than me so as we went to put our bags in the trunk i moved my hips and let the pants fall leaving me bare from the bottom of my boobs to my ankles. it was cold but damn it was making my pussy hot. "a little help here please." i said laughing. tian looked and saw my naked ass she took her time before reaching down to pull my pants up for me. now i could have done it myself but it's more fun having someone else do it for me. tian closed the trunk and got in the car after removing her boots. it was quite cold out, only in the 's but i love the feeling of the cold ground on my bare feet. we got the car started, the heat on and some great tunes playing and off we went. tian said she needed to get gas but wanted to wait until we were in pennsylvania. we did pull off onto a side road in new jersey to get a cup of coffee. it was a small convenience store with just one car in the lot, probably belonging to the clerk. tian started to put on her boots but i put a stop to that. "suck it up girl, your staying barefoot." i said as i stepped out of the car. " fuck it's freezing." tian said as she hopped from one foot to the other before hurrying to the door. we walked in and saw an older man behind the counter. he did a double take when he saw we were both bare foot and my whole torso was bare. he didn't say anything, he watched us as we walked back to the coffee station. i was standing with my back to him as i grabbed a cup and poured my coffee. i felt the sweatpants slip just a little and knew he could probably see a nice bit of my ass crack. as i reached for the milk i moved a bit and my sweats dropped to my ankles. tian laughed as she saw the look on the clerks face. "he's there with his mouth gaping open looking at your naked ass babe." she said. "a little help here please." i asked her "not just yet, let him enjoy the view." tian said as i put the lid on my cup. fine, i'll let him enjoy the view while you get your coffee." tian moved to the other side of the coffee station and got what she wanted. we were now ready to go pay and continue our trip. 'ok babe a little help now." i asked her again no response again from her she wanted to see what i would do. i raised one foot and then the other and was now free of the sweatpants, i turned around and started to walk to the counter, naked from just below my tits to me feet. "grab those for me sweetie." i said as i moved to the counter. the man was just standing there staring, mouth open. tian had my sweatpants in her hand when she came up next to me. "a little cold to be out dressed like that isn't it ladies?" the clerk managed to ask "no i love being naked and barefoot in the cold, it turns me on and makes my pussy wet." i said smiling. i love to tease and knew he was probably getting hard if he wasn't hard already. i put the coffee on the counter and stepped back a little. "it makes my friend here horny too." i reached over and lifted the bottom of tian's t-shirt up over her hips exposing her little landing strip. i reached over and slid my fingers between her legs. " yep she's wet too, see." as i held my glistening fingers up before putting them in my mouth to clean them off. "wow" was all the clerk could say he didn't charge us for the coffee, i walked out wearing just my crop top and pulled my sweatpants back on after tian tossed them over the car to me before i got in the car. tian nearly ran to the car as she complained about being barefoot. we were back on the road and heading towards the pennsylvania border. we chatted about our plans for the rest of the day and evening. i had planned to have my friend mike come by later in the afternoon but had no intention of telling tian. we were also going to go out for dinner and drinks at a place mike knew. we crossed the border into pennsylvania and tian began looking for someplace to get fuel. it dawned on me then why she waited, there are only two states in the usa where you can't pump your own gas, oregon and new jersey. in new jersey it is actually against the law for you to pump your own but i don't think anyone has been arrested for it. now pumping your own gas naked or bottomless in new jersey might up your chances of having an encounter with law enforcement. once again we pulled off the main highway this time in search of a gas station. we found one not far off the main highway that had just a few pumps and did not look very busy. tian pulled up to the pump nearest the window to building. "you pump the gas, i'll go pay." she said as she went for her boots "no boots babe, barefoot or i'll go pay and you pump the gas." i said knowing full well tian would want to be inside away from the cold. "fine." she said obviously a little annoyed. i got out and my nipples popped up right away from the cold. i was ready to start pumping as soon as the pump was turned on by the clerk. i saw tian through the window pointing at me and heard the pump start up. i found when i went to set the automatic thing on the handle that it didn't work. "just fucking great, now i'll have to hold the trigger until the tank is full.". i thought to myself. it was so fucking cold and i started moving from one foot to another trying to stay warm. then i felt the sweatpants dropping a little lower each time i moved. i turned to look back at the window and saw tian standing by the counter watching me with that devilish grin of hers. i turned back and that was enough to cause the pants to fall once again to my ankles. i would not let her know i was freezing with my bare ass facing the window. finally the tank was full, i put the hose back, closed the tank and turned to look at tian. i stepped out of my sweatpants reached down, picked them up and tossed them in the car then walked naked except for my crop top into the mini mart. i walked right by tian and made my way to the ladies room. the coffee and being almost naked in degree weather for that five minutes made the restroom a necessity. i was just leaving the stall when the door opened and tian walked inside. i went to the sink as she stepped into the stall. "a little cold out there pumping that gas bottomless wasn't it?" she said with that annoying giggle "yes it was but it was a turn on too." i said as i thought about having some fun with tian. tian came out of the stall and moved to the sink. i moved behind her and as she washed her hands i put my arms around her and moved my hands to her boobs, caressing them through her long t-shirt. she began to squirm a little and let out a soft moan. i knew i had her. i slid my hands down her body and then back up lifting the t-shirt little by little. she was getting excited as i exposed more and more of her. she was now naked to just below her perky 32c tits. i leaned in kissing the nape of her neck before raising the t-shirt up exposing her boobs. when i went to lift the shirt off completely tian put up a small fuss but soon i had her t-shirt in my hands. i kissed her neck a few more times and gave her boobs another squeeze. "we better get going." tian said in a soft voice. "your right plenty of time for fun later." i said as i went for the door. "nikki, i need my t-shirt." tian said now getting a little nervous. "no you don't well finish the trip naked." i said laughing as i pulled my crop top off. i was out the door and wondered if tian would follow. i had both my top and tian's long t-shirt in my hand when i walked out of the ladies room and into the little mini mart. "fuck "no, we are going naked the rest of the way. come out or i'll drive off." i yelled back in to her. now i wouldn't really drive off but i would move the car out of sight. i didn't get a chance to do that because the very naked tian came out one arm across her boobs and a hand over her pussy. she is just stunning but is very shy about showing her body especially her pussy. she will go topless but anything beyond that makes her nervous. tian rushed to the door leading outside and stopped realizing she would have to stand naked and barefoot in the very cold air until i opened the car. yes i could hit the button and unlock it from inside, but what fun would that be for anyone. i reached tian and out we walked our nipples responding to the brisk air. i unlocked the car and tian jumped in as i took our little bit of clothing and put it all in the trunk. now we would drive the next minutes or so with us completely naked. we had the heat cranked up and had an uneventful ride the rest of the trip. we saw more snow as we got closer to the chalet, which was making tian nervous. "there's fucking snow everywhere and we're naked." tian snipped. "we have clothes in the trunk, don't worry sweetie." "we don't have any warm clothes, just summer stuff that barley covers anything." "it will be fine, don't worry." there was the driveway leading to the chalet, it had been cleared of all snow, thank goodness. we pulled in and up to the chalet which looks like a log cabin. it's on a hill and the back has a raised deck and a lower deck with a hot tub. on the other side of the hot tub is the yard covered in snow. the walkway from the driveway to the front door had been cleared but was still freezing. i got out to open the door and tian ran in once the front door was open. the place was warm, mike had made sure the heat was on knowing i wear little or no clothing most of the time. after warming up a little i ran out naked and got our stuff from the car, i knew tian would not be ready to go out again just yet especially naked. damn it was cold out there, much colder than predicted earlier in the week. if it would have been a bit warmer this getaway would have been longer and there would have been more outdoor naked fun. i retrieved our stuff and was back in getting warm. i had tian go put on some coffee while i got a fire going in the fireplace. i cheated by using one of those logs you buy to start the fire easier. mike had kindly left a few of those along with plenty of real logs and kindling to be sure we could start the fire and keep it going as needed. tian brought some nice hot coffee into the living room and we sat together on a big overstuffed chair. i knew mike was going to come by later in the afternoon but tian thought her first meeting with him would be later for dinner. after having our coffee and warming up we explored the chalet. there were three bedrooms but we would be using just the master bedroom. there was a huge bathroom with a large shower and a large bathtub. you could open the sliding glass door in the master bedroom and step out onto a small balcony. the view was beautiful and below it you could see the lower deck with the hot tub. i was really anxious to try the hot tub, knowing mike had it all ready for us. i slid the glass door open and pulled the naked tian out with me into the cold winter air. no nikki, no it's too cold." tian protested " just for a minute babe, feel the cold air, it feels great." i said trying to convince her "look see down there, there's the hot tub. just think how great that will feel." i told her 'well yes that will feel good, nice and hot." tian said shivering "ok back inside." i said tian wasted no time getting back inside. as soon as i was barely clear of the door tian shut it to keep the cold air from coming into the bedroom. i went over to my bag, grabbed some small silk scarves concealing them from tian and dropped them on the table near the bed. tian was still shaking as i moved toward her, wrapping my arms around her and pulling our naked bodies together. i leaned in and kissed her gently at first. she kissed me back, our tongues entwined as i pressed my mouth harder against hers. our hands roaming over each others naked bodies as we kissed . i guided tian to the bed, breaking our kiss i pushed her back, her legs dangling over the edge of the bed. gently i pushed her legs apart as i moved my head between her smooth thighs and lightly slid my tongue along her slit. tian was wet and jumped when my tongue touched her clit. i pulled my head back, stood up and lifted tian's legs swinging them onto the bed. i moved up, leaned over and kissed tian softly on her lips. i took a silk scarf off the table and took tian's left hand and wrapped the soft silk around her wrist before tying it to the corner of the headboard. "what are you doing, nikki?" tian "relax babe, just going to have some fun. have you ever been tied up before?" "no, never." tian said nervously "well don't worry, you'll be fine." i said walking around to the other side of the bed and kissing tian once again before binding her right wrist to the headboard. another kiss and i moved down taking hold of her right ankle, i leaned down and kissed the top of her petite and sexy foot. i love sexy female feet but they need to be clean for me to really enjoy them and we had been barefoot so our feet were dirty. there was a small post at each corner of the bed i secured tian's right leg and moved to do the same to her left one. now she was naked and restrained spread-eagle on the bed. now the fun would begin, as i moved to the side of the bed and climbed onto the bed straddling tian. i lowered myself down and kissed tian hard on the mouth as my naked body pressed down on hers. i broke the kiss and moved my lips up kissing her forehead. a quick peck on the lips before i began lightly kissing tian from one side of her neck to the other. she squirmed as my lips softly brushed against the soft skin of her neck. i began to move lower, one hand exploring each and every peak and valley tian's bare body. i gently slid the palm of my hand over her nipples causing them to stand up even more. i rolled her nipples between my thumb and forefinger, gently tugging on them every now and then.
__label__non_math	1.0000	they're everywhere: politicians ch. 03byvastiesmith the meeting with the lawyer went well and jeff was told he should get everything he wanted from the divorce. the lawyer even felt that since ann made far more money than jeff did and since she was the one who had cheated, she would have to pay major child support with any visitation rights being left up to jeff. the house and other assets would most likely be a -split for jeff too. since jeff had all the evidence he needed regarding ann's infidelity his lawyer friend felt he should do well at the hearing. he told jeff that ann might not even contest the divorce but knowing ann like he did, jeff didn't think that wasn't very likely. as jeff left the layer's office he drove went home. unknown to ann, jeff had taken the entire day off. since school was to close in just two more days for the summer their vacation would be starting in three. jeff decided to have the paperwork prepared as quickly as possible and have ann served early in the morning on the day of the vacation was to start. with all that done jeff drove home. arriving home he saw the four cars parked in front of the house. he felt another strange pain i his stomach and heart so he drove by the house and parked under the big oak tree next to his neighbor's home. she was a widow who had just lost her husband in iraq months ago. their children had become good friends his son and while ann didn't even pay her last respects to her, jeff had gone to the funeral pallor and made friends with the woman. as jeff walked up the driveway and was about to open the front door when he heard men's voices laughing and his wife's making sounds he couldn't understand. then he heard jm's voice again and then more laughing. yes, there it was again coming from inside. he looked in the family room window and didn't see anyone. he walked around to the living room window and saw a group of men standing around the dinning room table. he couldn't see exactly what was going on only that they were all either nude or semi-nude. so jeff went to the back of the house and looked into the dinning room window. it was a big bay window and the drapes were not opened. but there was about a two-inch gap between the ends of the drapes where they met. it was an opening large enough for him to see into the house. as he looked in the pain hit his stomach again and he inhaled deeply and then as he watched he exhaled loudly just before vomiting in the shrubs. lying on the dining room table was his wife completely nude and then he saw that she was completely shaved. her pussy was as bald as one of the men's head that was standing around the table. jeff saw her boss, jm, fucking her hard and fast while she was sucking the cock of someone whom jeff remembered was a major political player from his or her district. as she sucked his cock she had the cocks of the other men in her hands. jeff stood there watching for a few seconds before vomiting from the sight of the woman that he loved whoring herself. it took about five minutes before he saw jm arched his back and at the same time thrust his hips hard into ann. jeff knew he was cumming in her pussy. she was yelling and grunting as she arched her back and took jm's entire big cook. a few minutes passed as jm strayed inside her. the he moved out from between ann's legs and jeff saw jm's big cock fall out of her opening and hang all red, wet and fat between his legs. cum was dripping off the cock head on to the dinning room rug. jeff was sure that some was leaking out of ann's pussy on to the table itself. the table they held holiday gatherings with their families and children. jeff continued to watch as a guy who jeff seemed to remember as steve something or other move in between ann's opened thighs to take jm's place. steve's cock was already hard and ann smiled at him as she saw him move closer and felt him insert his cock fully into her with one push. steve then began to thrust his hips and ramming into her fucking her. as he did the guy who ann was sucking off began to cum and jeff saw that it was her old boss. jeff couldn't remember his name. it was something like ralph or rich or maybe russell. but, he was sure it was the man the second note told him about. the one who her sucked in a local tavern bar's men's room. jeff walked away and went to the car. he opened the trunk and took out the digital camera. he than walked back around and stood by the window again. as he was facing the dinning room table, jeff snapped shot after shot of the four men fucking his soon to be ex-wife while she sucked one and was jerking off two others. while one man was shoving his cock into her opened and waiting mouth ann was cumming over and over again as the four cocks filled her again and again. as jeff snapped away with the digital camera the four men took turns fucking his wife. once one was done with her he would move out from between her gapping thighs and another one would take his place. the man who had just cummed would then take his place and have his cock stroked by one of ann's hands. then when they all over again the man would put his cock in her mouth to be sucked back to hardness. it went on and on finally after jeff had seen enough he went back to the car and drove away. about two hours later he called home and ann answered. he asked her why she was home and she told him she had called in sick today. her head hurt. he then told her he was coming home shortly and was going to drop off their son at his mother's house so he wouldn't have to do it in the morning when they were leaving for their trip if she didn't care. he couldn't believe it when ann didn't seem to care that she wouldn't get to see her son again before they left for the two weeks of vacation they were going to take without the boy. then she told him, "good he didn't tell her about the divorce papers, which were going to be served to her first thing in the am. and he didn't tell her he was not planning to take the vacation she had paid for either. yes, in the morning the shit would hit the fan. jeff went to the closest bar and started to drink. he then went home shit faced. ann was mad as hell at him and yelled for over an hour about her sexual needs and how he was so drunk he wouldn't be able to perform. jeff wasn't that drunk he just didn't want to fuck the whore of a wife he now had. ann went into the bedroom and left him lying on the sofa. once she went to bed jeff rolled over and tried to sleep on the sofa. the visions of her fucking all those men came back to him and he cried. he wondered how he would make it on his own with a -year-old son. he worried about the money and the house payments and all the bills they had. finally he drifted off to sleep around . at ann woke him and told him to go get dressed and to pack. their plane left at noon. jeff went into the bedroom and began to take a shower. he looked at his watch and realized he had a half an hour before his wife would be served. he smiled at first and then he became sad again. he stopped the water in the shower and put on some clothes. then he came into the kitchen and got a cup of coffee. ann was in the spare bedroom packing the bags. at exactly the doorbell rang. ann yelled for jeff to get it she told him it was and asked what this was all about? the sheriff told her she was being served with divorce papers and also told her there was a restraining order placed against her. she had minutes to pack any clothes she needed and to make arrangements to move out of the house and away from jeff and their child. she was not allowed within feet of either of them. he then asked her if she understood these things and she looked at jeff and then the sheriff and told him yes. then she started in on jeff with her very nasty mouth yelling and screaming at him. the sheriff stopped her and ushered her into another room. jeff and his friend could hear her yelling and screaming that there was a mistake and that jeff and she were getting ready to go on vacation. but the sheriff didn't budge. he helped her with the suitcases she had packed for her trip. and walked her out of the house. jeff finally exhaled. his lawyer told him to change the locks and to not talk to ann or have any communications with her whatsoever. he shook his hand and left too. jeff sat in the big house alone and cried. it had been about two hours since ann was escorted out of the house. he was still crying when the phone rang. he checked caller id and it was ann. he didn't answer it. he let the machine take the call. she was screaming at him to pick the fucking phone up. that he was a no good cock-less excuse for a husband who would get what was coming to him. she was going to take him to the cleaners and he would never see his son again, etc., etc., etc. jeff decided to wait until the locksmith had finished changing the locks. he paid him and went into the shower. as he was just about finished he heard a crash and realized a window was brokered. he dialed 911 immediately just like his lawyer told him to do before he left. when he put on a pair of jeans and came downstairs just in time to see ann climbing into the big window in the living room. he told her she wasn't allowed in but she told him to go fuck himself. five minutes later the police arrived and jeff showed them the restraining order. they promptly arrested ann. there were six weeks that pasted and finally there was a meeting held between the two attorneys. jeff and ann each waited in separate rooms. when ann's lawyer came back to talk with her, jeff could hear her voice screaming at the attorney that she was taking jeff to court. that she was the woman and the mother and she wasn't going to just roll over and sign the papers and give up everything she had worked so hard to get. jeff could kiss her ass before she would give up. and then there was a calmer voice speaking but jeff couldn't make out what was being said. finally there was silence in the room. jeff looked at his lawyer and he told jeff, "she must be looking at the evidence and the or so picture of evidence i had provide to her attorney he smiled at jeff and jeff smiled back. about a half an hour later the paperwork was completed and jeff was a free man. ann and her lawyer left as jeff waited and then his friend took him to lunch. one day after the divorce: jeff received twelve phone calls from the four men involved in the affair with his wife. they all asking if they could meet with him. he also received about at least a dozen phone messages from ann. he didn't return any of the calls but asked his lawyer to call them. when the doorbell rang around that day, jeff didn't know what to do. he looked out the peephole and saw his neighbor standing there. he opened the door and she was standing there and gave him a little smile. then she said, "i heard about you and your wife jeff, i'm so sorry. i fingered you might need a dinner so i made you a chicken casserole." he thanked her, asked her in and put the dinner in the oven. he made drinks for them and they sat in the living room. he told her what had happened without going into detail. she held his hand and told him he had been there for her when her husband died so now it was her turn. she would be there for him if he needed someone. he thanked her and after dinner she left. there was no romance or sex; it was just too soon for anything like that for either of them. he had a son to raise and she had two kids of her own. during dinner the phone rang and rang but jeff checked the caller id and it was his wife again. he turned down the bell on the phone but didn't answer it. he went to bed around that night exhausted. two days after the divorce: jeff received another group of phone calls and these were again from his wife. she had become calmer and has stopped yelling. finally she started to ask to meet with him to talk. he never answered the calls or called her back. he did call jan his next door neighbor and asked if she and her children would like to join him and his son for pizza on friday. she told him she would be very happy to do so. three days after that they met at the local pizza place and had fun and enjoyed each other and the kids. two hours later they told each other goodbye and left the restaurant. they waved at each other as they puled up in front of their two homes. again there was no romance. jeff saw ann's car parked on the street and he used the garage door opener to get inside his house. he told his son to go get ready for bed as ann walked up the driveway. he told her to stop or he would call the cops again. she stood there looking mad as hell but calmly asked to see her son. he let her standing on the porch and took his son out to see her. he stood there while they talked for a few minutes and then she looked up at him and asked if there was any chance of them getting back together even to talk once in a while. he told her no. then jeff walked his son into the house. he turned and told her, "now get off my porch." she didn't move. he said it louder this time, "i said get off my porch. do it now or the police will be called." he walked back into the house letting her standing there and closed the front door. she heard him lock it and then he said, "i'm dialing now ann you better go." there was a call from his lawyer and it told him his wife would like to meet with him. he called him back and told him he didn't want to speak to her. he then told his lawyer to tell her if she didn't stop calling and bugging him he would call the police again. the next call was from jan telling him his son was invited to a sleep over on saturday at her house. that night, while the kids played in the basement jeff and jan had snacks and talked about what they were going to do now that each was single again. they began to grown very close very fast that night. jeff made the move as as their bodies closed against each other he heard jan maon wit her passion. cuppiong her breasts she looked him in the yes and told him she wanted him to fuck her. but they couldn't that night with the kids there. waiting until the kids were asleeep they enjoyed each other's bodies exploring like school kids. they didn't have sex but jeff now knew how lovely jan really was. she learned that jeff had a very nice cock a very, very hard one to. that night was a turning point in both of their lives. one week after the divorce ann had pretty much stopped calling him. his lawyer called three of the men who wanted to met with jeff and told them jeff wasn't interested and had no plans to do anything to any of them. then the lawyer called jm and told him if he called jeff one more time jeff would give his wife the pictures of him fucking ann. he also was told that if he was a wise man he would dump the whoring bitch who worked for him and who had started all of this sexual activity before she got him in any more trouble. jm was already in trouble. his elected position was in trouble due to the problems in his department. it was under the auditor's watch and there were newspaper articles about how sloppy his investment and banking practices were. the fact that he was spending over ,a year more than he needed to have the investment job performed outside didn't help at all. he needed outside help since no one was qualified in his office and it was causing a great deal of problems internally. now that the best banking and investment managers had left his office over the months he had beeen the boss had left him with nothing but incompetence in the remaining staff. none of these people could do the job. it hit the papers just like that. contracts were awarded to friends and not the best bidder. jm had nothing else to do but to fire ann. she absorbed the entire blame. jeff and jan went out on their first real dates without the children. time, was what it was going to take for them to become even closer. time and being alone so they could enjoy each other's bodies was what they looked forward too. ann was called into the office by jm and was told she was let go. jm had no choice and she knew it. but, she was a revengeful woman and everyone knew she was a bangui. she went wild with her anger. guards had to be called to escort her out of the building. she was livid and called jeff screamed in the phone that she was going to get even with him if it was the last thing she did. she called jm's wife that afternoon when she got to her new apartment and told her she wanted to meet with her. three days after that phone call ann met with jm's wife. that's when it all came undone jm's wife filed for divorce the next day. the following day jm moved out of his big house into a two-bedroom apartment. two weeks after the divorce: jeff and jan had been dating now on regular bases and began to go out at least twice a week without the kids to dinner and a show. they also started to have dinner with their kids two or three other times each week. jeff had stopped crying now altogether. so had jan ann had received a large sum of money from the job separation and was now working for the county government but at a much less amount of money and she was suing everyone and everything. she had investments and contacts but the state folks didn't want anything to do with her. all her fuck buddies didn't call her back when she called for a job. they didn't want to meet or talk with her. she did however meet with three out of the four of them by waiting for them to come out of their offices. they told her they couldn't help her. she told them she would get even with them too. but jm's wife was way ahead of ann. she took the pictures and called the other four men's wives. new divorce papers were now in the process for two of these men. their wives would take everything since ann was a willing witness for the wives. she had pictures of all of them that her husband's lawyer gave her. one month after the divorce: all four men now lived away from their wives. each wife had a set of the pictures ann supplied. it was pretty much a slam bang for the women ann had been written up twice for her attitude and was on probation. her work was just good not great and she really didn't understand that much about investments. she had a boyfriend who helped her. the manager of her department was female and didn't give ann any slack at all. she was on her back all the time. ann knew it was only a matter of time before she either left or was fired. ann felt like hitting her manager everyday. jeff and jan were together it seemed to be almost every night. they cooked out either at his house or hers. they were a couple and their kids got along great together too. both of them were very happy even if they hadn't actually had sexual intercourse yet. yet oral sex was given by each one to the other. jan was a woman who shaved all her vagina hair off and jeff couldn't kep his mouth off of her. she loved how he ,ade her climax. two months after the divorce: jeff and jan were becoming more and more involved with each week that went past. finally one night jeff asked her to spend the weekend with him. she arranged for her kids to spend the weekend with her mother. jeff arranged the same thing with his parents and he and jan flew to ft. lauderdale together for a long -day weekend. their relationship took on a completely new level that weekend. the sex wasn't just good it was fantastic and very often. in fact for two days they never got out of bed. both had needed to make up for a lot of lost time. both enjoyed the other's body kissing and touching and licking and just looking at it. and when jeff entered her for the first time jan screamed with lust and passion
__label__math	0.8673	thank you for the update. that's quite a lot rewrite rules, isn't it? :wink: i can imagine how slow apache would be. it is cuased by a limit imposed during parsing xml configuration file. it has been increased to around 32kb. please download the updated package and try again. :-
__label__non_math	1.0000	-hester road, southsea, po4 8hb, portsmouth reviews of hester road very very dirty place. i was left the key under the doormat and never see the staff. the duvet and mattress was full of hair and the bathroom was very... sandra, march no staff on arrival, let ourselves in. staff member eventually turned up and didn't even know we were staying poor facilities- no lock on bathroom ... caroline, march hester road haven't translated their information but to see the full english version click here
__label__non_math	0.9992	southern maine tabbed as coaches' preseason pick gorham, maine - the university of southern maine huskies received five first-place votes and points to finish first among the eight teams in the annual preseason poll of the little east conference's softball coaches. the huskies finished ahead of the western connecticut state university colonials, who captured the other three first-place votes and total points. a year ago, western connecticut posted a -mark to win its second consecutive lec regular-season title, before adding the conference tournament title. the colonials received the league's automatic bid to the ncaa tournament, where they compiled a -slate to finish the campaign with an overall mark of -. the only conference team to defeat western connecticut in the regular season was southern maine, which finished in second place with a -conference ledger and concluded the year with an overall mark of -. keene state, which bowed to western connecticut in last year's title game, received points to finish third in the preseason poll. the owls compiled a -record to finish third in the conference race a year ago, while their overall record was -. the remainder of the poll found rhode island college -; - in fourth place with points, eastern connecticut -; - in fifth place umass dartmouth -; - in seventh place with points, and umass boston -; - in eighth place with points. each of the league's eight members will play a -game, regular-season conference schedule, consisting of doubleheaders against the remaining seven league foes. the top six teams will advance to the conference tournament, with the top two teams receiving a first-round bye. opening round games will be played on april at the site of the higher seed. the two winners will advance to the four-team, double-elimination tournament to be held on may -at the site of the regular-season champion. little east conference preseason softball poll rk team 1st place votes points southern maine western connecticut keene state rhode island college eastern connecticut plymouth state umass dartmouth umass boston
__label__non_math	0.9186	these damask fleur de lis design photo coaster wedding favors will make a regal, classy addition to any event. the elegant black and white damask design border is accented with fleur de lis symbols. each box contains a set of coasters. this item is not eligible for free shipping promotions. size: each measures ." square and holds a ." x " photo. details: each box contains a set of coasters. they are finished in clear pvc gift box with a black organza ribbon and thank you insert in the center of the coaster.
__label__non_math	0.9995	rock formations to spark the imagination of children and adults alike within the stunning setting of nidderdale in north yorkshire. the sphinx, the camel or the dancing bear? what will be your favourite? we are very lucky to have the peak district on our doorstep and sometimes i wonder how we all manage to get any work done at all in the little trekkers office. one place that we return to time after time is the chatsworth house estate. one of the most beautiful coastal spots in the country. history, nature, geology, lighthouses, aqua blue bays, trails, steam trains always a favourite with our little trekkers and seaside towns, you can t ask for much more.
__label__non_math	1.0000	accent on wellness health discussion group mike perrine will lead the group monday, 528 east 5th street between avenue a avenue b google map or yahoo map or mapquest mike perrine will lead the group. accent on wellness health discussion group meets every monday evening when there is not a guest speaker at bonobo's restaurant . accent on wellness hotline 212-760- check out the accent on wellness webpage at: we also have a raw food potluck on the first saturday of most months from - at dharma yoga located at 297 third avenue near street. please bring a raw food dish that people can sample. admission. call the hotline at 212-760-, or visit for the latest schedule. accent on wellness is a group that meets regularly to discuss ideas on healthy lifestyle, raw foods, cleansing, and transition to a healthier life. our group is open minded, and we offer information to educate and support you on your path to wellness. our aim is to inspire you to keep your focus without judgement, and to encourage you to find the health program that best suits your needs. we are here to bring people together who are health conscious to create a community. gil jacobs, karen ranzi, donna perrone, david giardina, and mike perrine will lead the group.
__label__non_math	1.0000	help other aquarium owners choose the best specimen for their tanks. if you have any experience with this particular species, share it with other aquarium owners. tell us what you enjoyed most about it, what it added to your aquarium, and if you would recommend it to others. if this is your first time ordering this specimen, we hope you'll come back after you've introduced it to your habitat to tell us your experience. dr. race foster dr. marty smith
__label__non_math	0.9840	strong gains in the banking sector weren't enough to lift the ftse 100 into positive territory on monday morning, as london's benchmark index pulled back from its near two-year high on friday. "stock markets in europe have surrendered early morning slim gains as the temptation to book profits on major stock indices proved far too much for traders," said market strategist ishaq siddiqi from etx capital. "given the strong start to and the 1q period now in full-swing with 4q earnings and heavy tier-one macro data, traders are unwinding their positions in risky assets, opting to wait for more cues before making any bold moves," he said. the ftse 100 finished friday at ,090; just one point shy of the high of ,091. including today's fall, the ftse 100 has risen by around so far during the first few trading days of . investors will be keeping close eyes on decisions from central banks this week. neither the bank of england boe nor the european central bank ecb are expected to make a move this week. however, until the budget negotiations stateside are decisively concluded, economic uncertainty is expected to continue to cast a cloud over decision making, albeit to a lesser extent than was feared before last week's fiscal cliff agreement, "so that the need for further easing cannot be dismissed", according to analysts at digital look. "unwelcome surprises out of the eurozone" would also be a factor, they said. ftse 100: banks gain on eased regulation banking giant barclays was the high riser of the day after regulators eased rules on cash buffers, giving lenders more time and greater flexibility to comply with basel iii liquid coverage ratio requirements. sector peers lloyds and hsbc were also on the up. "less strict liquidity rules should reduce pressure on banks, thus helping provide a further boost to confidence and the real economic growth, all else being equal," explained analysts at barclays research. after a sharp move higher in early trading, supermarket giant morrisons was flat by midday after a disappointing christmas trading update with sales ex fuel falling . in the six months to december 30th. goldman sachs, espirito santo, panmure gordon, oriel securities and shore capital all reiterated their 'sell' ratings for the stock this morning. british american tobacco was lighting up after deutsche bank upgraded the shares insurance giant legal general gained after saying that it has improved the return on equity roe and profitability of new business within its american subsidiary after completing a further phase of its capital efficiency programme. the stock was also upgraded this morning to 'hold' by investec as part of its review of the life insurance sector. as part of this review, the broker cut its recommendation for counterpart rsa to 'sell', causing shares to drop. ftse 250: bumi gains after battling agains weak coal prices mining group bumi rose after saying that it continues to target a medium-term production target of 30mt each year and in light of the weak coal price environment, it will focus on lower cost pits and defer some of its expansion plans. also flying higher was budget airline easyjet after it managed to increase both its passenger numbers and load factor in last month. high street betting shop ladbrokes gained after confirming speculation that it is in talks to buy irish betting exchange betdaq. ftse 100 - risers barclays barc 286.80p . eurasian natural resources corp. enrc 309.90p . meggitt mggt 412.40p . british american tobacco bats ,214.50p . lloyds banking group lloy .48p . itv itv 109.50p . kazakhmys kaz 818.00p . legal general group lgen 152.10p . hsbc holdings hsba 671.80p . hargreaves lansdown hl. 724.50p . ftse 100 - fallers national grid ng. 695.50p -. centrica cna 334.00p -. weir group weir ,933.00p -. fresnillo fres ,776.00p -. severn trent svt ,582.00p -. rolls-royce holdings rr. 902.50p -. united utilities group uu. 673.00p -. randgold resources ltd. rrs ,880.00p -. associated british foods abf ,558.00p -. babcock international group bab 996.00p -. ftse 250 - risers imagination technologies group img 457.40p . heritage oil hoil 208.10p . bumi bumi 277.00p . centamin di cey .40p . colt group sa colt .55p . easyjet ezj 838.50p . morgan crucible co mgcr 280.70p . international personal finance ipf 404.70p . brewin dolphin holdings brw 213.20p . ocado group ocdo .85p . ftse 250 - fallers new world resources a shares nwr 318.30p -. vesuvius vsvs 367.70p -. renishaw rsw ,956.00p -. ite group ite 228.00p -. berkeley group holdings the bkg ,748.00p -. btg btg 344.10p -. dixons retail dxns .14p -. synergy health syr ,072.00p -. kenmare resources kmr .60p -. alent alnt 321.00p -.
__label__non_math	0.9989	sorry to go slightly off topic, but other than floyd, which other 'aa fighter' benefits from the 'lucrative urban market'? the person is non-other than adrien broner. we can spend all day talking about how his resume leaves a lot to be desired,but other factors are undeniable.he is skilled,flashy,is knocking out opponents and has an extrovert personality that appeals to the urban market. he even has a rap song that will be coming out soon,regardless of weather its shitty or otherwise,it will boost his popularity among casual fans in the urban market. he has a home fight in july on hbo and many expect it to be sold out with so many rappers and celebrities expected to purchase ring side seats for that coming out party. if he scores a sizzling stoppage then he will outgrow ward in terms of popularity within the market.
__label__non_math	0.5701	navy soldier vs. chimp on obstacle course yes we know, let the jokes commence, hehe. now if we could only teach them to shoot they'd have one up on the insurgents. loading the player ... you need to be registered in order to add comments
__label__non_math	0.8685	the story of the third reich tags: the story of the third reich, third reich, national socialism, nazi, adolf hitler, mein kempf, treaty of versailles, anti-semitism, holocaust, waffen ss, gestapo, sd, world at war, europe, wehrmacht, luftwaffe, power, communism, allies, axis, potsdam, nur marked as: approved views:
__label__non_math	0.9998	citizens of the philippines, a new law has enacted and this will be effective on the third of october. the cybercrime law is a threat to every internet users. everyone can be put behind the bars by sharing, posting, liking any post which is against the government. the e-martial law is a big threat to the masses who wants real change. new technologies give us new opportunities to connect with a lot of people not only in this country but all over the world. they can also provide us with a medium through which our political, public and even private views can have an immediate and direct impact on individuals, communities and even countries. it is just so disappointing that our government, in adopting our -year-old antiquated libel laws to the cybercrime law, again seems to have retarded our march with the rest of the world with respect to giving full force to the people's freedom of expression. we ask for a revision of the said bill for the betterment of the filipino denizens. we, anonymous, wanted everyone to support our crusade against this threat. a cyber revolution is what we need; a revolution that will cause them to revised the said act. let's protect our right to freedom of expression we are filipinos, we are legion, and we are anonymous.
__label__non_math	1.0000	this powerful teen drama series addresses some of the most painful and troubling issues that teens are dealing with today.depression, bullying, dating violence, suicide, addictions, abusive parents, and more. superbly acted and expertly written, maple ave fuses education and entertainment into a rivetting and highly meaningful experience for your students. maple ave : jenny's reasons dvd jenny, in the throes of clinical depression and unable to understand why she "feels so bad all the time," makes plans to end her life - until her best friend confronts her. run time: minutes - maple ave : ghosts in the hall dvd jim has reached the edge of violence after being the victim of incessant bullying. unfortunately, jim's family doesn't help him cope with his problems and things get progressively worse. learn more run time: minutes - maple ave : the hurting dvd ashley regularly cuts herself to substitute the inner pain of an abusive father with an external pain she feels better able to manage, until she finally reaches out to a sympathetic teacher. learn more run time: minutes - maple ave : p.s. i miss you dvd following her older brother's suicide, tanya has been coping by helping others, but gradually turns to drinking until her life spins out of control and a friend intervenes to get her help.learn more run time: minutes - maple ave : hating tami dvd angela and her friends are making tami's life miserable, even pranking her on a social networking site. in a dramatic turn of events, angela's cruel prank is uncovered - but is it too late?learn more run time: minutes - maple ave : more than this dvd a gripping story about an athlete on steroids, two girls with serious eating disorders, athletic performance and body image, and doing right by others - even when they don't want it. learn more run time: minutes - maple ave : promise me dvd ann and mike see their parents' addictions of alcoholism and gambling slowly destroy their family. but things reach critical mass when their father gambles away ann's college fund.learn more run time: minutes - maple ave : loves me not dvd a story about dating domestic violence from the pov of a year old deceased victim named cari, who was so badly bullied for leaving her abusive boyfriend that she committed suicide. now, she tries to prevent a friend from suffering the same fate.learn more run time: minutes maple ave : after i'm gone dvd cari, a young girl who appears to have taken her life due to relentless abuse, gets a revealing and inciteful lesson in suicide awareness and prevention before she is finally revived. run time: minutes awards reviews accolade award - aegis award - drama finalist platinum remi award - 43rd worldfest-houston int'l film festival special jury award - remi - 42nd worldfest-houston int'l film festival silver remi award - 41st worldfest-houston int'l film festival ifc media lab award special jury award - remi 40th worldfest-houston int'l film festival honorable mention award columbus international film festival gold remi award 39th worldfest-houston international film festival telly award mid-atlantic emmy nomination 'outstanding youth programming' national health information award mid-atlantic emmy nomination 'outstanding youth programming' gold telly award gold remi award - worldfest at houston international film festival "i just watched 'jenny's reasons' and was very moved by it. these are such complex times - hard for adults to navigate so it must be especially difficult for teens. this video provides a wonderful opportunity to have dialog with teens about depression and the emotions they are feeling. i liked the fact that the depression jenny was feeling was hard for her to understand and that it illustrated the guilt that she felt over feeling depressed when 'so many others in the world face much worse.' this video and the others in the 'maple ave' collection offer us unique opportunities to address real issues that teenagers face in today's complex world. these can serve as teaching tools that harness the power of television and address a real issue that is often not understood. i know that various community agencies that work with teenagers would find these resources invaluable. thanks again for sending them.' - kim kelling engstrom, education and outreach manager, wfsu, tallahassee, fl 'maple ave really opened my eyes to the many issues that teens face today. it's been a few years - well, more like several years - since i was a teenager, and their issues are really a lot more complex today than when i was their age - wendy winks, regional director southern california, paul green school of rock music 'i grew up surrounded by the many issues your videos face, especially depression and self injury, i just wanted to say the videos are really good, they hit really close to home made me cry this is tough stuff..... things do get better, which is the reason why i like your videos, they provide hope, and that's what more youth need to witness...' - ashley r., 'maple ave' dvd viewer
__label__non_math	1.0000	personal homepage for b.a.d. umm.. not sure what to put here...hmmmm... k oh here something b-day: zodiac: scorpio and year of the dragaon occupation: umm student vegan, i dont know status: single lol about me: ummm not much really u'r average depressed teen, hates my family and class, loves my friends and animals and my music, musci is my life it keeps me alive, well that and my friends and the fight for whats right : animal right are important to me and thats about it visit my favorite web site below:
__label__non_math	0.9998	we re proud of the service and experience we provide to our divers. in addition to the comments submitted to our guest book, we recently searched the most popular online scuba communities, and here are some of the comments we found posted about living underwater. "jeremy always would find the best dive sites away from crowds, was not afraid to take you on more advanced dives if you could show good skills. ...entire group commented that jeremy made diving cozumel extraordinary, would come back to dive with him anytime. best dive operator i have ever been with" paulino gonzalez, fl "jeremy knows his sites extremely well and can find all manner of creatures. i like to go away from a dive trip a better diver and jeremy is very helpful in that regard. our last trip out with him, he sat and went over a number of areas i could improve and also suggested simple changes to my gear to increase my safety and a change of fins to improve my current-swimming these were tried on a subsequent trip to indonesia and were a substantial improvement ." john a. artim, ca "pleasantly surprised by valet diving service provided by jeremy and his crew. very professional and hospitality excellent. started with a fantastic night dive and jeremy pointed out all sorts of creatures: octopus, spotted toad fish, seahorses, large ocean crabs, dancing lobster, etc... every day, went to a new dive site of our choice and always dropped off on the mark. jeremy had everyone meet on bottom for a little "chill" time and off to view the amazing underwater world. jeremy, a "zen master" of calm, always providing us with lengthy dives and interesting views of many small creatures never noticed by us on previous dives. devil's throat a must for more undercurrent reader reviews, visit or check out the latest edition of the undercurrent chapbook. "as always, everything went without a hitch. jeremy came by the hotel to pick up our gear the day we arrived. everything was set up and waiting for us on the boat the next morning. dives are selected onboard each day by request of the divers. surface intervals are at a beach club. drinks, fruit and cookies are offered between dives. nice big towels and, if needed, fleece lined windbreakers are also onboard. if you are diving multiple days, jeremy will take care of your gear including wetsuits . everything is rinsed and dried and waiting for you on the boat the next day." "jeremy has a special knack for finding the smallest things like pipefish, juvenile shrimp, painted elysia, etc. if you think there is nothing new to see, or are into macro photography then he is the dm you want "i definitely enjoyed diving with jeremy, his attentive crew, dry towels, fruits and snacks, handling your gear for you at night, and a very personal, non-cattle boat experience." scubaboard.com member, yak "the short version is living underwater took great care of us and i would go back to them in an instant. jeremy would be a great instructor for any certs you might need. i hope he does well in the future, a first class person for sure." scubaboard.com member, swarth for more scubaboard reviews and comments, visit the scubaboard cozumel forum at
__label__non_math	0.9888	new bogo silk yogurt coupon good for single serve cups silk yogurt coupon there is a new silk yogurt coupon available. the coupon is for buy one get one free silk yogurt single serve cup and was found at zip code: . the coupon states available at wakefern . for those of you that don t know, that is shoprite. it is a regular manufacturer coupon and can be used anywhere. print: silk yogurt coupon zip code: to find the coupon, click on the link above and type in the zip code. once the zip code is changed, click on the link above once again and it will take you right to the coupon. shoprite has the silk yogurt cup for .. at this point i can t tell if that is the regular price or a sale price for this week. either way, using this bogo coupon will score a great deal on this yogurt. and, there is no mention of it not being valid in nj. woot here is your deal: be sure to check out the rest of the shoprite coupons deals for the week. don t have a shoprite in your area? check the grocery price comparison tool to find the best deals on this product at your local stores.
__label__non_math	0.9999	dallas cowboys nose tackle josh brent is seen in an irving police department mugshot. irving police department irving, texas -- the promoter for a popular dallas nightclub boasted on twitter that dallas cowboys were in attendance friday night and the booze was flowing hours before defensive tackle josh brent rolled his car in a single-vehicle wreck that killed teammate jerry brown. "these fools buying ace on top of ace a few minutes earlier, jackson sent a tweet saying, "i have cowboys in the theeee building brent and brown were among the players at privae, a person with knowledge of the events told usa today sports on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to speak publicly about the matter. they left the club in brent's car, which police say brent drove drunk, hit a curb and flipped, killing brown. an autopsy showed brown died of blunt-force injuries to the head and neck, the dallas county medical examiner said monday. brent, , was charged with intoxication manslaughter. he was released from the irving jail sunday on a bond. the scene of the accident is less than miles from the club. the texas alcoholic beverage commission and irving police are investigating privae, a private club frequented by local nba and nfl athletes. the club is upstairs inside another nightspot called beamers. privae posted a statement on its website that said it was "saddened" by the fatal accident and is cooperating with authorities. the club said its staff is trained to follow state regulations on serving alcohol. jackson didn't immediately return a message seeking comment. she circulated a promotional poster for friday's event, which featured comedian shawn wayans. the bottom of the poster said the event would be attended by "confirmed nfl nba friends," and it said to contact her for vip table reservations. the state is investigating to see if alcohol was "served to somebody who was intoxicated, which is illegal in texas," tabc spokeswoman carolyn beck said. the agency typically investigates whenever an alcohol-related death occurs and has the power to fine, suspend or cancel the alcohol permit of a business found in violation. privae attracts celebrity clientele to help boost its popularity. in august, jackson sent this message on twitter: "and the special orders these nba players are still putting in for tomorrow....craziness also in may, she wrote on twitter, "the bottle requests that are flooding my texts rgt now......glad we keep a crazy stock of everythiiiiing contributing: jarrett bell, rachel george, lindsay jones read the original story: tweets boast of alcohol consumed before fatal wreck
__label__non_math	0.9999	forgot my password log in below to email an article: living without is a lifestyle guide to achieving better health. it is written with your needs in mind but is not a substitute for consulting with your physician or other health care providers. the publisher and authors are not responsible for any adverse effects or consequences resulting from the use of the suggestions, products or procedures that appear in this magazine. all matters regarding your health should be supervised by a licensed health care physician.
__label__non_math	1.0000	everyday free shipping we proudly offer free shipping and handling in the us and canada. free shipping will be applied automatically to all qualifying orders no minimum purchase, coupons or promotion codes are required. most packages in the contiguous us will arrive in to business days. estimated delivery times for ak, hi, apo fpo, us possessions and canada will be provided during checkout. not valid for direct to business orders or some international locations. express delivery if you need your order sooner, we offer an expedited two-day service for a fee. available to most us addresses. add per address in ak and hi. oversized delivery charges a small percentage of our large items requires oversized delivery charges; those charges are listed on the product page and are also displayed in your shopping bag.
__label__non_math	0.9985	like the republican party, the democratic party also cracked beneath the weight of the issues at hand. states that favored slavery in the territories walked out of the democratic convention at charleston, preventing nominee stephen douglas from winning the party endorsement. a reconvened convention eventually nominated douglas, but kept territory slavery out of the platform altogether. as a result of disagreements over the issue of slavery, splinter parties formed. the southern democratic party spun off from traditional democrats to nominate john breckenridge, an advocate of slavery in the west. republican breakaways formed the constitutional union party. they nominated john bell who would not address the issue of slavery at all, but rather spoke of upholding the constitution. with four candidates in the race, lincoln won the election. but by the time he took office in march of , seven southern states had already seceded from the union. when the first shot rang out at fort sumter, just one month after lincoln took office, the civil war began. lincoln's hopes for peacefully preserving the union were dashed. in , lincoln issued the emancipation proclamation. he also promoted a constitutional amendment to permanently abolish slavery. these bold steps marked a shift from lincoln's more moderate campaign position on slavery issues. they also shifted the focus of the war from preserving the union to freeing the slaves. remarkably, the election of was not suspended during the bloody civil war. union soldiers were given absentee ballots or furloughed to permit them to vote. with mounting union victories, the votes of soldiers and the campaign slogan, "don't switch horses in mid-stream," lincoln won the election. sadly, as this campaign song strangely foreshadows, lincoln did not live to see passage of the 13th amendment that abolished slavery forever. he was assassinated just five days after ulysses s. grant celebrated victory over robert e. lee at appomattox. lincoln's presidency causes one to wonder: - why he changed his position on the issue of abolition during his presidency? - whether these changes might affect the way we view his original platform? - what were lincoln's priorities when he created his original platform? how did the advent and progress of the war affect these priorities? - to what extent did lincoln's original platform represent his personal views? to what extent did it reflect a desire and strategy to win the presidency? - if you were running for president, how would you balance your own opinions with the need to appeal to party and popular opinion?
__label__non_math	1.0000	u.s. secretary of state hillary clinton sustained a concussion after becoming dehydrated and fainting, and will no longer testify thursday before the house foreign affairs committee on the deadly attack on the u.s. consulate in benghazi, libya. clinton had been suffering from a stomach virus at the time, according to a statement on saturday from philippe reines, deputy assistant secretary of state. she is being monitored by doctors and is recovering at home. she was never hospitalized, reines said. "at their recommendation, she will continue to work from home next week, staying in regular contact with department and other officials. she is looking forward to being back in the office soon," reines said. a senior state department official added that the fainting occurred earlier in the week and the concussion was "not severe." secretary clinton had been scheduled to testify on capitol hill thursday about the deadly attack in benghazi, libya, in september that killed four americans, including the u.s. ambassador. jodi seth, spokeswoman for democratic sen. john kerry, senate foreign relations committee chairman, said in a statement that clinton would not testify before that committee thursday. "secretary clinton's team contacted senator kerry this morning to inform them of the secretary's concussion. senator kerry was relieved to hear that the secretary is on the mend, but he insisted that given her condition, she could not and should not appear on thursday as previously planned, and that the nation's best interests are served by the report and hearings proceeding as scheduled with senior officials appearing in her place," seth said. rep. ileana ros-lehtinen, r-florida, who chairs the house foreign affairs committee, said in a statement it was "unfortunate" clinton would not be testifying before her committee either on thursday. william burns and thomas nides, both deputy secretaries of state, will testify before that committee instead. "although i respect bill and tom, we still don't have information from the obama administration on what went so tragically wrong in benghazi," ros-lehtinen said. "we have been combing classified and unclassified documents and have tough questions about state department threat assessments and decision-making on benghazi. this requires a public appearance by the secretary of state herself." the , attack resulted in the deaths of four americans, including ambassador chris stevens, and called into question the security of u.s. diplomatic personnel abroad.
__label__non_math	1.0000	publix to anchor new retail center at us , sheridan st 'west lake commons' will include new publix grocery store if approved a busy, blighted corner in hollywood is almost set to become a bustling new retail center. the lincoln mercury dealership at the corner of u.s. and sheridan street went out of business during the recession and now sits empty. the property is going to become a -acre outdoor shopping center, anchored by a brand new publix grocery store. the retail center will be called the "west lake commons" and will include space for new retail stores and restaurants. the city is expected to give final approval to the project next month and construction should begin by mid .
__label__non_math	1.0000	report: baylor basketball programs face possible sanctions investigation discovered impermissible phone calls, texts after an investigation discovered hundreds of impermissible texts and phone calls, baylor's basketball programs face potential ncaa sanctions, according to a story on espn.com. both coaches - scott drew of the men's team and kim mulkey of the ncaa champion women's club - were involved, according to the summary disposition acquired by espn.com. according to the report, drew and mulkey - in addition to assistants paul mills and jerome tang of the men's team and damion mckinney of the women's club - have acknowledged their involvement. a -page report detailed a number of violations, but focused on the 738 impermissible text messages and 528 phone calls over the span of nearly years. baylor has self-imposed penalties following an ncaa probe in .
__label__non_math	1.0000	fargo, nd sports network - north dakota state has rewarded head football coach craig bohl with an eight-year contract extension. the new deal will take the eddie robinson winner as the top coach in fcs through the season. bohl guided the bison to the fcs national championship last year and this year's squad has a chance to repeat saturday with a matchup against sam houston state in the title game. "i am very pleased we have signed coach bohl to continue being the head coach of the bison the next several years," said north dakota state athletic director gene taylor in a statement. "his record of success speaks for itself and how he operates the program overall is exceptional." the bison will enter saturday's contest with a record of -, giving bohl a mark of -during his -year tenure. he is the second-winningest coach in school history, behind only rocky hager's wins. "i want to thank gene taylor for his leadership and believing in the direction that we have established for the north dakota state football program," said bohl. "i sincerely appreciate the university's long-term commitment to me and to the future of bison football. the success that we've accomplished has been possible because of the collective efforts of the football coaches and staff, players, our administration and the entire ndsu family." bohl's contract includes a base salary of and will increase by a minimum of five percent per year, contingent on performance evaluations. the deal includes missouri valley conference championship and fcs playoff incentives.
__label__non_math	1.0000	ohio chat lines heading out to meet people at the local watering holes isn't always the ideal way to meet that special someone. it's just not convenient and you never know whether the places you go to will actually have singles around. that's not the case when you call the ohio chat lines from locallovepersonals.com. these free chat lines have singles in search of flirting, friendship and love talking and chatting away, hours a day. if you've been feeling the urge to get out and flirt it up, why not give the ohio chat line a try. from columbus and cleveland to cincinnati and dayton, you'll find folks from all over the ohio area on the line and ready for a bit of sexy fun. and if you just want a quick chat or some fun flirting, there's no better way than to do both, and a whole lot more on the ohio free chat lines. check out locallovepersonals.com to get your dedicated ohio dial in number and access code for free today. everday thousands of people find love at localovepersonals.com. our site is one of the most popular sites for free dating and chatting.
__label__non_math	0.9999	the comeback continues at chrysler. the automaker reported third-quarter profits monday that rose versus a year ago, buoyed by strong sales in u.s. chrysler's third-quarter net income hit 212 million last year, though down versus the first two quarters of this year. revenues came in at .billion, up versus last year. despite being majority-owned by italian automaker fiat, chrysler is less exposed to europe that competitors ford and general motors, both of which had their second-quarter results weighed down by the continent's ongoing crisis. last week, ford announced plans to close two plants in england, continuing a string of recent cuts in europe. but the american auto market has been a different story. u.s. auto sales last month hit their highest level in more than four years. chrysler's worldwide vehicle sales for the third quarter were 556,000, up from last year due mainly to the company's sales gain in the u.s. the company confirmed its guidance, projecting net income of roughly .billion for . ford is scheduled to report its third-quarter results tuesday morning, with general motors up wednesday, assuming the presentations aren't rescheduled because of hurricane sandy.
__label__non_math	1.0000	vineyard picnics tours at cannon river vineyard cannon falls, mn wine or wine food we warmly welcome you to take a stroll through our vineyard and enjoy a picnic among the beautiful rolling hills of sogn valley. open to everyone. cost: per group of or more guests please stop by the winery to check in and pick up your wine. bring your own picnic. you may pack a picnic lunch with wine cannon river wine only, please and spend time relaxing in our beautiful vineyard. complimentary shuttle to and from the vineyard provided by northfield lines tours will take place at and . vineyard hours are saturdays, - on these dates: september , , , , keep in mind "weather permitting . if the content of this posting is questionable, please flag it.
__label__non_math	0.9373	now that we ve done the unboxing of the microsoft surface pro, let s get into my initial impressions of the little device after playing with it for about an hour i ve got to tell you, in this short hour, this thing is fantastically better than the surface with rt that i reviewed a while back and that s not just the big sky cowboy coffee porter talking . my initial impressions have been largely positive, even though it s running on windows . my opinion of windows hasn t changed, but my experiences with windows have changed with every new piece of hardware on which it runs that i try. all that being said, let me repeat: my initial impressions of the microsoft surface pro running windows are positive. i ve got a few qualifiers on that. i went to pull out the lenovo yoga which i also unboxed live on youtube just for the sake of comparison. that s what s so far provided me with the windows experience on a dedicated machine beyond virtual machines like parallels since its unboxing. by and large, and this will come as a shock to many of you, i think the surface pro may very well become my new go-to windows machine. sure, there are a few things that i ve found disappointing which is usually the case with any new device i get even my favorite devices aren t perfect , but nothing that should detract me from wanting to use the surface pro on a regular basis. here are some of the positive things i ve experienced with the microsoft surface pro: the surface pro s power brick has a usb port on it unlike some contenders in its class, the surface pro doesn t feel like a cheap chunk of plastic that will fall apart the second or third time you open it up. it s solid. the screen and overall hardware is incredibly responsive. i haven t yet tried it with lots of background processing going on, but i get the feeling that it can keep up. i ve not had the internal fan kick in when watching youtube videos, for instance. the applications are, likewise, incredibly responsive. i can swipe around a map, for instance, and not notice any real lag or system response shortcomings. the cameras are clean enough. they re designed more for uses like video conferencing than, say, the creation of fine art in this, i think the surface pro succeeds in working as intended. the windows button vibrates when you click on it. haptic feedback is always nice, especially when you want to know why your device is behaving in a certain way if you re prone to accidentally knocking into things it passes the cut the rope test i like the levels of pressure sensitivity demonstrated by the stylus. it works nicely with painting programs. since there s no such thing as a perfect device, here are a few of what i d consider microsoft surface pro negatives: it can be a bit slippery and unbalanced. the edges aren t as rounded or comfortable as i d like when anticipating long periods of use. this isn t uncommon among tablets, but i hope it s something that s addressed in future generations of surface pros and portable devices, in general. it s kind of thick and heavy for use as a tablet computer. the only place there is to park the stylus impedes your ability to charge the device the windows button is pretty easy to click accidentally, which can have some fairly jarring consequences. when the keyboard is snapped in place, you ll need a tabletop, desk, or okay, i ll say it: surface to use your surface pro comfortably. i guess that helps understand the product name a little better. a laptop, this ain t the touch keyboard that i ve been using doesn t magnetically stick to the unit when it s closed, and i ve noticed a few missed keystrokes even when audible feedback has reported otherwise . granted, these could merely be issues with my own keyboard and not one that you might use, or even with my personal surface pro unit. my time with the two hasn t been extensive enough to know for sure. perhaps another surface keyboard combination wouldn t produce these annoyances at all i just can t say. still, it works just fine of the time. that s almost a positive this isn t a laptop. this isn t really a tablet. the microsoft surface pro is its own kind of device. is it an anything killer? i wouldn t go that far, but i d say it s potentially an upgrade if you ve got a netbook, notebook, or even an older desktop unit. there are no glaring red flags that would keep me from recommending this unit if you ve read the specs and compared them with other, similar devices that you re considering and this is the one that you ve decided is your best fit. there are certainly a few things not to like about the microsoft surface pro, but there s no device on the market that s free of caveats. if you were with us live when i talked about the microsoft surface pro, then you know i went into it a bit more and answered some questions from the community about my experiences with it. if you weren t with us live, then you should follow us on youtube so that you can join in when we do this sort of thing in the future and we do a lot of em
__label__non_math	0.9940	the use of transponder based vehicle anti-theft systems has grown dramatically. since , more than half of the vehicles produced for the north american market are equipped with some type of anti-theft system. there are predications that more than three-quarters of the vehicles on the north... to access the remainder of this piece of premium content, you must be registered with locksmith ledger. already have an account? login register in seconds by connecting with your preferred social network. complete the registration form. step . the repli-code displays "successful writing." remove the cloned transponder key. bianchi offers two styles of clonable transponder key blanks -- original equipment manufacturer-type transponder keys and battery powered, aftermarket transponder keys. the aftermarket transponder keys are at this point in time limited to the texas instrument type. these include the ford bh72-pt-rw, and toyota btoy43at4-rw and btoy57-pt-rw. these clonable transponder keys are comprised of two parts, the blade and a removable bow head . this allows the bow containing the transponder to be removed from the blade. therefore, the transponder can be moved into a different blade if the first blade wears out or breaks. replacement bows and blades can be purchased separately. according to bianchi, the texas instruments battery powered transponder-equipped key blanks have an operational life in excess of 100,000 uses. the bianchi repli-code can be powered by 110vac or 12vdc using the available plug-in adapter. the 12v adaptor is not included in the original box with the machine, but is available. the bianchi repli-code is equipped with a serial port and a usb port, providing the capabilities of upgrade of the operating system. in the near future, the repli-code will be capable of storing transponder values, generating values, and outputting to a key. this computer-based software will be available as an option. the repli-code is multi-language capable. to change the language, hold down the read button and turn the machine on. press the read button to display the proper language. then press "write" to set the language. for more information, contact your local locksmith wholesaler or bianchi usa, inc., industrial pkwy., suite , north olmsted, oh . telephone: 440-716-. fax: 216-803-. web site: a transponder key cloner is a relatively inexpensive entrance into selling transponder-equipped keys.
__label__non_math	0.9997	useful resources add link exchange link thank you for choosing to exchange links with us. to initiate this link exchange, please add a link on your website using the info below. you may choose to use the individual link information or copy paste the code directly of any one of the listed profiles, if you have access to your source code. after you have added the link and published it on the web, click on the continue button to proceed useful travel- and accommodation resourceshere you can find useful travel- and accommodation resources. get linking code manage my links powered by jv-ld
__label__non_math	1.0000	group dining at maritana grille an unforgettable culinary adventure the chef's table take your friends or colleagues on an unforgettable culinary adventure, with dinner at the exclusive chef's table at the maritana grille. your meal is composed of a five-course tasting menu, chosen especially for you by the chef. add to the excitement by asking our sommelier to pair the perfect wine with each course, carefully selected from our award-winning wine list. the intimate atmosphere adds a little extra flavor and turns florida dining into a deliciously rewarding experience. private dining room turn your intimate event into a delicious dining experience in the maritana grille's private dining room. with space for , it's the perfect place for a business dinner, a birthday party or any special st petersburg event. we'll help you plan your menu, choose your wines and make this a celebration to remember.
__label__non_math	1.0000	logan high school graduate ali neace is off to a good start this season with the alderson broaddus college women s softball team. neace, a junior pitcher and former standout with the lhs lady cats, was named as the west virginia intercollegiate athletic conference softball pitcher of the week on monday after tossing a complete-game no-hitter last saturday against virginia university of lynchburg. neace struck out dragons in the outing, her second no-hitter since firing one against molloy last season. the battlers - swept both contests in the weather-shortened shaw tournament. ali came out very strong was hitting her spots and was just on all game, alderson broaddus first-year coach shawn bowers said. it was fun to watch her pitch. neace and the battlers are scheduled to travel to florida from march -as a-b is slated to play in the ntc spring games in clermont, fla. the battlers are set to play a total of games in the sunshine state. neace pitched complete games and had five shutouts while allowing doubles and two triples while holding opponents to just a .221 batting average. at the end of the season she was named honorable mention all-conference. alderson broaddus, located in philippi, w.va., went -last season, including a -mark in the wviac.
__label__non_math	0.9999	the holden pre-k class of eugenia adams and cora perry grabbed a hat and wore their custom-made cat in the hat tee-shirts and read with the cat in the hat on thursday, february , in celebration of read across america day. this nationwide celebration of reading takes place each year, on or near the anniversary of the birth of beloved author theodore geisel, more well-known as dr. seuss. students had fun reading the cat in the hat , playing phonemic awareness games, creating and presenting puppet shows, reciting various finger-plays and songs, creating creative drawings and paintings, and even dancing the freeze with the cat in the hat. parent volunteers bethany watson and ashley jackson helped students have a fun, learning day. picture are, first row: maggie brewster, chloe blackburn, lindsay mahone, kiarra white, robert bryant, and jace bryant; second row: heidi barnette, alyssa hunter, brooklyn ellis, the cat in the hat , nadiya whitlock, and emily porter., and third row: calli browning, olivia jackson, and pre-k teacher eugenia adams. the logan blue head start classroom of angie eplin and andrea affolter celebrated read across america day with dr. seuss shirts. the children enjoyed a special reading and a visit from the cat in the hat. the children had a great day and will continue rhyming all month honoring the famous author.
__label__non_math	0.9999	born , in logan county, he was a son of the late ben and ruth mae elkins. also preceding him in death was one son, kevin elkins; and brothers and sisters. thomas was a disabled and retired coal miner from westmoreland coal company and a member of the umwa and the lick creek community church. survivors include one son, tom lara elkins jr. of danville; sisters, june socausky of tampa, fla., carnesia sargent of logan, and janice covert of danville; brother, robert bob elkins of waynesboro, pa.; two grandchildren, kevin tyler elkins and brandon thomas elkins of danville, and a host of nieces, nephews, and wonderful close friends. services will be held at p.m. monday, july , at the handley funeral home at danville with david may officiating. burial will follow in family gardens at madison. visitation will be from -p.m. today at the funeral home. condolences may be left at handley funeral home of danville is in charge of the arrangements.
__label__non_math	0.9976	i get a lot of email in my inbox. because i have about email accounts, things could get completely out of hand if i didn't set up a few rules. in email parlance, a "rule" or a "filter" is simply a way of sorting your email automatically as it arrives. most email programs include rules. for example, in outlook, you choose tools the principles are the same, no matter what email program you use. for example, i am notified whenever someone subscribes to one of our email newsletters. rather than having to click and drag the email into the proper folder, i set up a rule to have my email program do it for me. when i receive an email that contains logicaltips in the subject line, the email bypasses my inbox and is automatically filed in the logical tips folder. i use gmail to monitor the discussion groups i participate in. unlike most email clients, gmail doesn't use folders. however, it does use labels, so you can sort your email by applying labels then using a filter aka rule to keep your mail reasonably organized. to set up a label, click the settings link at the top of the page and click the labels link. then type a name in the create a new label box and click the create button. now click the filters link. click create a new filter. because discussion group postings always come from the same email address, you can type it into the from box. alternatively, you might filter emails by their subject line. click next step. now you tell what gmail should do with the email. you can bypass the inbox, apply a label, add a star, or forward the email to another email address. for my discussion groups, i click "skip the inbox" and apply the label i have set up for the group. on the main gmail page in the labels area, i can see how many emails there are, but they aren't cluttering up my inbox. then i can read them when i get around to it.
__label__non_math	0.9924	logitech wireless combo mk260 a compact keyboard-and-mouse set that gives you wireless convenience with the reliability of a cord. you ll experience virtually no signal loss up to meters away with logitech advanced .ghz connectivity. you can go for months without battery hassles months for the keyboard and five months for the mouse. just one touch you can do more, faster with eight hot keys for instant access to music, e-mail and more. user experience may vary. mouse battery life may vary based on user and computing conditions. with logitech advanced .ghz wireless connectivity, months of battery life and eight hot keys, this compact keyboard-and-mouse combo gives you wireless convenience with the reliability of a cord. advanced .ghz wireless so you can work or play in more places like your comfy couch the wireless connection virtually eliminates delays, dropouts and interference and gives you range of up to meters. 128-bit aes encryption it helps protect your information by encrypting data transfer between the keyboard and receiver with one of the highest levels of data encryption available. -month keyboard battery life you ll enjoy less hassle with a battery life of up to months for the keyboard and five months for the mouse. auto standby helps you save energy. eight hot keys the things you do most are right at your fingertips with eight hot keys for instant access to the internet, e-mail, play pause, volume and more. setup takes seconds you simply plug the wireless receiver into a usb port on your computer and start using your keyboard and mouse right away without software. compact keyboard that feels good the sleek keyboard saves you space without sacrificing comfort thanks to the full-size keys and wide, curved space bar. hand-friendly optical mouse finger grooves on top of the mouse help keep your hand comfortably in place, while dpi optical tracking helps you get around smoothly. you get the high quality and reliability that s made logitech a global leader for keyboards and mice at a price you can afford plus a -year limited hardware warranty. liquid drains out of the keyboard, so you don t have to worry about ruining your investment with accidental spills. durable, uv-coated keys the special coating protects the keys from fading so you can see what you re typing for years to come. the keys to wireless convenience. you can control your computer from across the room. and be more productive and comfortable on the go. logitech wireless keyboards give you the freedom to do more, in more places without the clutter of cords. from basic to bluetooth, we ve got plenty of options to choose from. but don t worry we re here to untangle all the terminology and technology. the power player: advanced .ghz for the best-of-the-best wireless connection, logitech advanced .ghz wireless gives you the reliability of a cord with cordless convenience and freedom. advanced .ghz wireless virtually eliminates delays and dropouts even in the busiest wireless environments, such as a high-tech office. fast and reliable: .ghz the predecessor to advanced .ghz wireless, our basic .ghz wireless keyboards deliver wireless convenience you can count on. back to basics: mhz rf an older favourite, you can use mhz rf up to six feet away from your computer. powering your wireless keyboard more power to you no one likes to run out of batteries. it s a hassle. scouring the house for new ones. finding two that still have juice. even making an extra trip to the store. at logitech, we re doing everything we can to make the hassle of replacing batteries hassle-free. batteries? what batteries? wireless keyboards let you avoid the inconvenience of cords. but unlike a corded keyboard which is powered via usb and your computer , wireless keyboards use batteries, and batteries do run out of power. if rechargeable is more your style, we ve got those too. you just put your keyboard in its charging base. it s that easy. plus it s good for the planet. comfort is key with logitech keyboards million keystrokes. every day. comfort wave design: curve wave palm rest your fingers vary in length but most keyboards treat them all the same. our wave keyboards have a gradual wave-shaped contour to support the varying lengths of your fingers and keep the pressure off your fingertips. logitech perfectstroke key system combines the benefits of a laptop keyboard with those of a stand-alone keyboard to give you a perfectly pleasant typing experience. laser sensors: a controlling interest sensing the details what does a mouse do? fundamentally, it allows you to control your cursor. and the best measure of cursor control is the accuracy with which the mouse translates the movements you make with your hand. sensitive to your needs some people just need a mouse that works. others need a mouse that can track on many surfaces. and gamers need a mouse that can give them game-changing precision at any hand speed. there are two kinds of sensors: optical and laser. glass. the final frontier. logitech mice that are built with logitech darkfield laser tracking use the smallest possible details to create a micro-road map of the surface. that means these mice can track on glass. if you re an expert gamer, pixel-perfect tracking can mean the difference between victory and defeat. our mice with gaming-grade laser sensors can track at speeds all the way up to dpi. so when the game is on the line, you ll get maximum precision, blinding speed, and ultra-smooth tracking. we rigorously test all of our laser mice on a wide variety of surfaces to make sure your mouse is free of tracking flaws. - windows xp, windows vista , windows - usb port - -year limited hardware warranty - usb receiver - aaa keyboard and aa mouse batteries - user documentation - pn 920-
__label__non_math	1.0000	rating: . votes: free vector logos please type the code in the box. your email was stored in our database, be calm we won't spam you, sell your data or use your email in any harmful way. we will just email you when we have nice news to share with you invalid email address email address already exist
__label__non_math	1.0000	a photography trip to ipoh you are currently not logged in, do so now to add comments, like articles as well as photos, submit to competitions, translate articles and gain access to unlimited photo upload
__label__non_math	0.9999	latest news: by chris lakey sunday, michael walsh capped off boxing s return to norwich with a stunning performance in front of an ecstatic home crowd. walsh was sent to the canvas after only seconds of his international masters super-featherweight title fight against georgian opponent george gochechiladze at the norfolk showground. but the cromer fighter weathered the storm in amazing style. determined to make his performance a fitting tribute to his father, john, who died just before christmas last year, walsh put all his pent-up emotions into every punch. he quickly pulled himself together before launching a vicious assault that saw gochechiladze twice hit the deck, the second time with the last punch of the opening round - and this time the plucky visitor just couldn t recover. it was a typically explosive performance from walsh, fired by an absence from the ring after almost two years as well as those personal emotions. i think i walked in there with too much emotion, admitted walsh. i tried to fight if off all day because boxing is a sport in which you can t fight your emotions, but unfortunately it s the one thing that fires me up, it s the weapon i use and it makes a good fighter of me. i really get stuck in on emotion - i think about my brothers, my mum, my close family, my little girl - losing my dad set a fire in the woodburner for me. walsh s win sparked wild scenes among the noisy crowd, who had already been served up a brilliant appetiser to the main event when his brother ryan also featured in a first round win of three knockdowns. this time it was all his own work - three short but stunningly powerful shots left mikel gogebosvilim of georgia, on his knees with only two minutes and seconds on the clock. it was a good night for norfolk fighters nathan dale and scott moises. dale made it five wins out of five when he beat the difficult mark mckray on points, -, while moises also had a points win, by -, against tough journeyman kristian laight. but there was disappointment for lowestoft cruiserweight paul davis, whose fight was ended after just two minutes and seconds of the first round after he was on the wrong end of a powerful right hand by elvis dube.
__label__non_math	1.0000	with a network stretching from london to liverpool, london midland can take you to some of the uk s most beautiful, historic and exciting cities and places. whether it s shopping, culture, attractions or sports that takes you out and about we can take you there. london midland takes in a wide range of destination: visit birmingham s revitalised city centre, catch one of the many events taking place in liverpool, get for entry to london attractions or go off the beaten track and visit destinations on our branch lines such as st albans and bedford. our brand new destination section is packed full of ideas for days out with over destinations to visit by train, all with a handy must see and do section. view all our destination guides here packed full of ideas for days out, events and offers. let us take you somewhere new.
__label__non_math	1.0000	this domain has been registered by heart internet if you are the owner of this domain please login unlimited web hosting packed full of great hosting features, from only .per month. sell unlimited websites domain names with our white label reseller hosting package great value domain names from only .per year. get yours now. dedicated servers for even the most demanding of websites. from only .per month.
__label__non_math	1.0000	if you have any questions or require further information please visit the relevant faq section. if you can't find what you're looking for you please contact us via email. if you can't find what you're looking for you can still get in touch with us by emailing the following: sales: email: firstname.lastname: email: firstname.lastname or give us a call on: . brochures and other downloads book your course online here find the right course to suit you a quick personal assessment the lse experience experienced agents to help you explore our language tips blog. find out more explore the london school of english video section for first hand accounts of what it is like to come and learn with us. get a real taste of the lse experience
__label__non_math	1.0000	ghost bikes mark cyclist fatalities from issue: volume xxi - number by kirt ramirez a white-bike memorial stands frozen in time at the intersection of bellflower boulevard and atherton street in memory of susan curtis, a bicyclist who was hit by a car. ghost bike at bellflower and atherton painting a bike pure white gives it a statue-like look and heavenly appearance. the haunting image is a stark reminder that cars and bicycles share the streets and must get along. police found curtis lying in the middle of the roadway at about p.m. tuesday, jan. , along with a green honda odyssey sitting nearby. long beach fire department paramedics responded and transported the victim to a hospital but she died later in the evening, long beach police said in a news release. the preliminary investigation determined the honda odyssey was traveling southbound on bellflower boulevard on a green light. the bicyclist was traveling westbound on atherton street, on the north side of the intersection, when she attempted to cross bellflower boulevard against a solid red light, just south of the crosswalk, and was struck by the honda, the news release said. the driver stopped, attempted to render aid and called --. the driver, a -year-old los alamitos resident, was not injured and was released at the scene with no charges pending, the release added. his mother told the beachcomber that her son was en route to a job interview at the time. meanwhile, the white-bike tribute called a ghost bike appeared at the intersection shortly after the accident. who is responsible for this memorial? the beachcomber learned of the two people who took part in the act of kindness and called one of them at home. my intention with the ghost bikes is to make drivers aware and look out for bicyclists, said a cypress resident, who said he prefers to be anonymous. after some coaxing, the man finally agreed to go on the record with his name: leslie caldera. whenever there s a cyclist fatality, we make sure a ghost bike is painted and installed, he admitted. caldera said his friend danny gamboa, of long beach, set up the one for curtis while caldera made the name placard. a little uneasy with the beachcomber s questions, caldera emphasized, my take on this is that the focus should be on the victim and the incident. assistant gamboa could not be reached immediately for comment. the two men belong to a group of three to five volunteers who place ghost bikes throughout greater los angeles and orange county. some of the group handles the los angeles and valley areas while caldera and gamboa cover the orange county and south bay areas. the empathetic men care about their fellow bike riders and want to bring awareness to drivers. and there s a website linking to chapters around the world at caldera said gamboa has his computer set up to alert him whenever there is media coverage of a fatal bike accident, then rushes to get a ghost bike up as soon as possible. asked how many tributes they have put up in long beach, caldera said: we ve put up at least six ghost bikes in long beach over the past three years. altogether since , the two men have placed between and ghost bikes throughout the south bay and orange county. regardless of who was at fault, bicyclists can be injured and are fragile. on facebook, a tribute to curtis can be found at the group s ghost bikes-la page. on the page, curtis friend lisa woodruff said after the tragedy: i need some help or advice. there was a terrible accident last night in long beach a cyclist was killed. i know her she has no family. the lbpd came to her apt to try to find out some more info on her or next of kin, etc. and found all her pets. they took all her beloved animals placed them in the long beach shelter it seems like the shelter isn t being very helpful on letting the animals go someplace else. there s sadie, her dog, a couple cats, i think, a bird, a snake, not sure how many altogether. curtis worked at up, up and away kites in seal beach, where a woman said management would respond to the beachcomber s request for comment, but did not immediately. ted stevens, with long beach animal control, said: we currently are housing the animals as a safe keep until a next of kin comes forward. if after days, no one comes forward then we will take ownership of the animals and they will be available for adoption. if no next of kin comes forward to claim them, the animals will become available on jan . it is also possible that a next of kin could come forward and release the animals to us, which would allow us to make the animals available before jan . because we partner with spcala for our adoptions, i would encourage people to come to the shelter at a.m. sharp on jan if they are interested in adopting one of her animals. the public can call animal control at 562 570-.
__label__non_math	0.9971	top walter pyramid moments : women's volleyball defeats no. hawaii in front of ,015 long beach, calif. - the la times called it the "real christening" of the pyramid, and with all that was going on that november night in , they couldn't have been more right. the no. 49ers and ncaa national player of the year candidate misty may handled perennial powerhouse hawaii in three sets in front of ,015 fans -- which at the time was the largest crowd since opening night. the sellout crowd at the hawaii match contributed to doubling the overall home attendance numbers from the year before. meanwhile in the background, the pieces were falling into place for what would prove to be a magical campaign that would end in an ncaa championship. a month before the hawaii game, coach brian gimmillaro had moved into his offices in the pyramid. as the la times wrote in december of that year: "while other long beach state coaches sweat it out in portable buildings or cramped physical education offices, gimmillaro two months ago moved into a new office that looks down on the pyramid floor ... gimmillaro's plush new offices in the pyramid suggest that volleyball rules at the beach." volleyball truly did rule in the pyramid in 'and 'as the 49ers did not loss a match at home -- winning of the home matches by sweep in those two years. gimmillaro put it perfectly when asked about the winning streak and his new digs, "i loved the gold mine, but the pyramid is heaven." top walter pyramid moments
__label__non_math	0.9381	this item is sold another project has started, so i'm cleaning out my closet. i'm selling a nib pair of scope rings. they're thompson center " quick release rings for weaver-style bases with realtree hardwoods camo coating: the ring height is .375" measured from base of ring to bottom of scope tube . the cheapest you'll find these online is about , with shipping in conus included. payment can be by usps money order or paypal no extra fee . interested parties, please pm me.
__label__non_math	1.0000	longwell technologies offers logistic solutions for small to medium sized businesses. we have been helping businesses become more efficient through technology since . we have been focused on small business since the beginning. however we also know that there are technologies and processes that can be used from big business and scaled down to be meet the more versatile small business world. that is why we have people who not only worked in small business and understand their needs but have people who have developed logistic solutions for large companies like monsanto, mckessen, allstate and many others large businesses. by taking the best of what the big business solutions can offer and focusing it on small business needs and their ability to react to changing environments quickly we have helped many small and medium sized businesses better compete in their fields. our field service logistic solutions: our trakker suite of software is geared to the field service industry. it very easy to get started with and easy to grow with. it helps efficiently schedule appointments to save time, fuel, and money, as well as track inventory and create clean ledgable invoices. we have logistic solutions for: computer maintenance and repair services coffee delivery services appliance repair and service read more about field service trakker. looking for a scheduling solution? don t need our complete logistic solutions? are you just looking to help improve your scheduling needs? out scheduling trakker can keep all of your techs reps appointments in one electronic system that multiple people can schedule at the same time and each tech rep can see the update right on their iphone, andriod, or windows phone. - stores appointments on the cloud - shares appointment book with each office user always in kept in sync - automatically recommends shortest travelling times for appointments - can be opened on techs phones gps - keeps history of all past appointments by customer. read more about scheduling trakker. manufacturing logistic solutions are logistic solutions customizable? what about mobile apps? - iphones and ipads - portable barcode scanners - windows mobile - windows phone
__label__non_math	0.9909	about lynas corporation business a forward-thinking enterprise on the cutting edge of safe production and environmental protection, lynas corporation ltd. is poised to launch full-scale operations in the latter half of . based in sydney, lynas corporation mines and processes rare earths, a somewhat abundant group of metallic elements listed on the periodic table as the lanthanide series. with unique physical and chemical properties, rare earths are used to produce a wide variety of products essential for modern-day living. to this end, the rare earths, sourced by lynas corporation at its mount weld mine in western australia will be ultimately be applied in high-performance digital products, hybrid vehicle parts, compact fluorescent lighting, and other technologies enjoyed by the 21st century consumer. china presently supplies the world s largest percentage of rare earths, an unsustainable model upon which lynas corporation aims to improve. to accomplish its goals, the company secured a well-established industrial site in malaysia for the lynas advanced materials plant lamp , a near-complete chemical processing project built to stringent international standards that highlights the organization s dedication to intelligent resource management and sustainable development. making progress in pre-commissioning tests, lynas corporation celebrated a major milestone at the end of march when the lamp construction project team posted ,160,000 hours of lost-time-injury lti -free work. lynas corporation is carefully tracking to supply nearly one third of the world s rare earth elements, and address the looming shortfall that has deeply concerned experts and industry watchers for the past decade.
__label__non_math	0.9970	welcome to the forgotten realms omnibus. more information will follow, but you are welcomed to browse the many chapters that are found within and even contribute yourself. be warned, however, those who would deceive and divert from the truth shall be punished by oghma himself this project is in its infancy. there may be some bugs here an there, but it should work overall. please use this forum this wiki should be used for official forgotten realms references. please do not include anything that has not been officially published, or presented by ed greenwood. all characters, character names, and the distinctive likenesses thereof are all references to published works of wizards of the coast, tsr, or any other company, have been given acknowledgement where applicable and where possible. loremaster.org does not challenge any
__label__non_math	0.9994	hi lose baby weight , i have only started the healthy mummy smoothies this week and been inspired by the smoothie recipes on the website. but i have an abundance of oranges at the moment so have come up with a jaffa smoothie. blend until smooth you could also use the choc smoothie powder instead of vanilla and use normal milk hope you enjoy if you are ready to lose weight then the lose baby weight plans offer a healthy and safe exercise and diet routine.
__label__non_math	1.0000	messrs. louis garneau, president of louis garneau sports, and pierre karl p ladeau, president and chief executive officer of qu becor, are pleased to present the edition of the uci continental garneau-qu becor pro cycling team ... leclerc group and louis garneau sports, two renowned canadian businesses, are proud to join forces ... the 1st annual granfondo garneau florida ride presented by the delray beach twilight festival attracted ... the garneau-quebecor professional cycling team will participate in the vuelta independencia nacional, ... for the past years, louis garneau apparel has played a key role in the performance, success, and ... check out the new collection of custom products available for your team or club.order garneau custom perfects fit, increases comfort, reduces weight, improves power transfer, and operates fast.available now stay up to date on lg news, product info, and specials.newsletter sign up come ride with us on
__label__non_math	0.9999	all necessary equipment for guests will be provided. left-handed, children, and women's bows are available. louisiana bowfishing is a family owned and operated charter company that combines the exhilaration and adventure of hunting and fishing into one sport. with over years of combined experience, we are the originator of charter bowfishing on the southern coast. climb aboard one of our specifically crafted, state-of-the-art airboats and take a nighttime excursion into plaquemines parish, where the mighty mississippi river meets the gulf of mexico. this area is an ecological wonder with some of the best commercial and recreational fishing opportunities in the world. sobe prepared...you are in for an experience you won'tsoon forget
__label__non_math	1.0000	trout, drum took my girlfriend fishing instead of watching lsu, good choice i found out .me and teresa left the dock at and hit one of my spots and found fish but not what i was looking for.made a run out farther and found the trout.the drum were biting like crazy and the trout really started biting.we were catching fish on every cast when her daughter called and asked her to baby sit.well we had to leave the fish biting to get her home on time.got back to the dock for . it was agreat day and a beautiful day in delacroix,much better than watching lsu get beat. the fish were caught on a cork 3ft down on live shrimp in 5ft of .water. the fishing is real good and getting better.now is a great time to make a trip. to book a trip call capt. kim 504-884-
__label__non_math	0.9922	the dave matthews band plays to a packed kfc yum dave matthews band played last night at a packed kfc yum the dave matthews band will be performing at the kfc yum the dave matthews band, with opening act jimmy cliff, will be hitting the kfc yum someone who's never planned an event larger than a cocktail party gives advice on how to host a music festival that makes a profit or at least loses less than million after losing a reported million on the inaugural hullabalou, churchill downs inc. cancelled next year's festival and put down its entertainment division today. in a press release, cdi blamed the festival's poor showing on hot weather and a cold economy. see if you can spot the difference between the kenny chesney fans and the dave matthews band fans. i'll give you a hint - there's more to it than the headgear. see if you can spot the difference between the kenny chesney fans and the dave matthews band fans. i'll give you a hint - there's more to it than the headgear. dave matthews band is awesome...enough said. dave matthews band headlined sunday's hullabalou festival at churchill downs in louisville, ky. dressed all in black, dave matthews himself exclaimed to the crowd, "i thought it would smell a little more like horse shit
__label__non_math	1.0000	got other plans in mind for derby day besides heading to churchill downs? tonight, starting at , you can attend the first friday trolley hop in downtown louisvil uk showed no signs of a letdown coming off their huge win saturday, jumping on miss. st. early and cruising to an easy victory wednesday night. uk had every reason to mail in this game. matching the energy and effort from an overtime win in front of a raucous crowd and a national audience isn t easy. neither is staying focused on your opponent when they re the worst in your conference and have the lowest rpi of any school in a... uk took care of business tuesday night in rupp arena, leading by at halftime and never by less than the rest of the way. south carolina had a good six minutes.kentucky continued its hot play of late to pummel south carolina -tuesday night in lexington. uk dominated the entire way; save for a six minute stretch early in the 1st half that saw south carolina go on a -run that turned an -deficit into an -... calipari tinkers with the lineup and sees immediate success as the uk pummeled the eagles wednesday at rupp arena. points were few and far between as eastern michigan visited rupp arena wednesday night. after briefly taking a -lead by winning the tip and draining a -pointer on the game s first possession, the eagles - went over four minutes between each of their next three baskets to finish the... ruth reichl, a beloved food writer, will be in lexington this saturday to give a presentation on a history of food writing i won t lie i cried when i found out that food writer ruth reichl would be giving a free speech in lexington this saturday at the 34th kentucky women writers conference. since the first time i read garlic and sapphires and couldn t put it down , she has been the single most...
__label__non_math	0.9999	a tractor pulling a trailer caused a stir in louth on bank holiday monday when it overturned. the incident took place on monday evening, june at . at the corner of the junction in kenwick road. tonnes of manure was scattered outside a local residents front garden after the trailer had become detached from the tractor and overturned. police had to close the road for two hours to transfer the manure to another trailer. fortunately no-one was injured. do you think the set speed is correct for tractors which often go around this corner in kenwick road? comment here or email your thoughts to email - works belonging to international textile artists stolen during workshop at louth school - update: police investigating suspected arson attack on ex-raf building in manby - deep concerns over ,000-home plan for louth are raised at public forum - rspca investigating suspected dog poisonings in louth - louth man s threatening texts were a desperate cry for help - mayor fed up at claims louth s town councillors are in it for the money - former louth swimming pool could flattened and replaced with new homes - lincolnshire police commissioner and crime panel chairman under fire from mps in westminster - louth ghost walk part of wolds walking festival - louth hospital staff praised at nhs awards search for a job search for a car search for a house weather for louth saturday may temperature: c to c wind speed: mph wind direction: south west temperature: c to c wind speed: mph wind direction: north east
__label__non_math	0.9999	amanda bynes strikes again. this time when she was pulled over yesterday morning in burbank, ca, her car was impounded. finally. lindsay lohan, the celebrity who seemed forever branded with the get out of jail free card , took to her twitter to give her two cents concerning amanda bynes endless string of illegal joyrides. turns out the seasoned troublemaker feels she received unjust treatment for her acts compared to bynes. see what lohan said after the jump she may have a point disney vs. nickelodeon lohan isn t too happy about bynes and her continuous run-ins with the law, especially since the law hasn t enforced stronger actions against them. seriously, did amanda bynes just make news three times within a week because of abominable driving? i m not too happy about her behavior either who feels safe on the streets of la when bynes can t make a short trip without hitting someone? but turn the clock back five years didn t we say the same thing about lohan? harsher punishment, yes, but after months and months of lengthy trials, overwrought with denial. maybe the same justice will come to bynes in due time. i can t help but wonder how she feels after lindsay lohan of all people has something to say about her reckless behavior. do you think lohan has the right to accuse injustice against bynes?
__label__non_math	1.0000	the kids completed their 2nd year in the awana - approved workmen are not ashamed taken from timothy - through life church. this was gabrielle's last year as a sparkie and dawson's last year as a cubbie. their awards program was held on wednesday, may 1st. we are so proud of them for their dedication to scripture memorization and hiding god's word in their hearts. dawson had his second ever soccer practice the same night so we were a split family on the occasion. travis took d to soccer and i took gabi to the awards ceremony. the event called for a few quick snapshots. she is beautiful i'm a bit sad to think this little red vest will soon be packed away in a keepsake box. it represents lots of hard work, memorizing the books of the bible and dozens dozens of scripture verses. the two of us being silly in the parking lot before heading out into the crazy kansas wind. standing proud about to accept her awards. the highlight of the night was winning a full tuition for one child for the - year in the raffle drawing. woot do your best to present yourself to god as one approved, a worker who does not need to be ashamed and who correctly handles the word of truth. timothy niv
__label__non_math	0.9999	are you disconnected from your herd? one of the main worries members of our forum have is about feeling a little out of step. how many people do you know who have even thought about building more freedom into how they live and earn money, let alone are seriously prepared to action it? no wonder it can leave you feeling at best a little isolated, at worst a naive chump. the weather is turning fractionally warmer here in the northern hemisphere- so what better time than to re-vamp a website so what is useful to look at? here are the top actions we ve been implementing on our sites lately.read more read this and then be honest with yourself; is any of it sounding horribly familiar? if it helps we ve spent years making and learning from these mistakes for some people a concern about long term travel is health. what if i get sick while i m away? how will i cope? here are a few of our experiences and pointers which may put your mind at rest. or just make you wonder how we can be so sickly in the last few weeks i have transformed from a globe-wandering, business-obsessed, adventure seeking, wine-loving flex-pat into someone entirely different. the new me put my foot down and demanded that we return home early from our round the world extravaganza a few weeks ago read more there are plenty of business success stories to be inspired intimidated by and i for one spend a lot of time thinking about all the things we should be doing. chris and i are under no illusions, when we compare ourselves with other high falutin entrepreneurs read more we ve been back in the uk a couple of weeks now and there s something we have noticed which we just didn t come across once while on our home exchange adventure. and it s come up so often already that it s really made us pause and consider.read more as part of our round the world in home exchanges we spent a few days visiting the wonderful city of melbourne, if you haven t been there then the key thing you need to know is that it has one of those four seasons in one day reputations.read more we recently asked you a few questions on what you thought of loveplaywork.com. we re still trawling through all your lovely responses thank you
__label__non_math	1.0000	we currently have no accommodation discounts in city of edinburgh on the site. however, please see below for a selection of other similar accommodation discounts in scotland or click on the links to find out more about other holiday accommodation and attraction special offers in scotland. if you would like to add your accommodation discounts in city of edinburgh please see how on our advertise in city of edinburgh page. relevant accommodation discounts and special offers in city of edinburgh no results found for this category. we currently have no accommodation discounts in city of edinburgh in our directory. why not try one of these other accommodation discounts in scotland budget caravan, campsite in aberdeenshire bedroom budget caravan available throughout the whole season. dogs are allowed in this caravan at no extra charge. please see either our availability calendar or our web site for further details. accommodation discounts on aberdeenshire camping and caravan sites summer break, hotel in argyll and bute stay nights dbb get two nights b and b for 30pppn saving 176
__label__non_math	0.9990	very gabby lcf member join date: jul location: temple, tx woe: primal start date: height '", age peppered bacon fish burger sometimes you throw things together from the fridge, no recipe, know it ll be ok, but have your doubts just how good it will be then, come to find out, it s not only ok, but an outstanding combination of flavors note: i usually slice my individual white bread recipe into thinner slices because it is so filling i have difficulty eating a whole one serving acceptable bread roll i used my individual white bread oz. filet of swai, tilapia or other mild fish slices bacon tsp. shawarma seasoned mayo leaf romaine lettuce slices tomato dash onion powder directions: place bacon in a heated non-stick skillet or griddle. pepper it with black pepper and brown the 1st side. flip the bacon and pepper the other side and finish cooking to your preferred crispness. remove and drain. sprinkle onion powder on fish and sear the piece of fish in the same hot, peppery bacon grease for about minutes on each side until center thickest part is done . place fish on the bottom of your bun, then the bacon, then the shawarma mayo, then your tomato and top with the lettuce. place your bun top on your masterpiece and enjoy nutritional info: makes sandwich. please note: numbers below are only for the sandwich contents and not the bread, as each person will likely use a different bread. add in carbs for whatever bread you decide to use. each sandwich's contents contains: .g carbs, .g fiber, .g net carbs 389 mg sodium 171 mg potassium using peggy s individual white bread recipe using the whole thing for your sandwich, not sliced thinner like i did on this one your sandwich will then have 582 cals, g fat, .g carbs, g fiber, .g nc, g protein, rda vitamin b12, iron, phosphorous, selenium, riboflavin and zinc. my recipe website:
__label__non_math	0.9982	- coming soon. master naturalist for teachers the teacher s master naturalist program incorporates best practices for systemic school reform - it requires that the school s principal initiate the partnership, and that each school send a team of lead teachers who are responsible for implementing their school s science and math programs. lci adapted its master naturalist curriculum to provide a program that teaches teachers how to use experiential learning most effectively to improve their school s science and math programs. participants engage in research and educational experiences designed to empower them to teach from a first person perspective, sharing their personal adventures with their classes. during workshops, teachers set and check traps for fish, reptiles, and amphibians, conduct flora and fauna surveys, and collect and identify marine invertebrates and other organisms. as teams of teachers graduate from the course they continue to receive support for school-based projects from lci staff and the local master naturalist association. the program began in with two pilot schools, and has expanded to eight schools during the school year. teachers receive master naturalist certification and continuing education credit after completing the year-long program. learning expeditions schools the goal of the learning expeditions schools program is to use environmental science as a theme to integrate learning about science, social studies, math, and language arts. the program is a partnership between the lowcountry institute, clemson university's youth learning institute, and beaufort county schools. the interdisciplinary lessons include field trips, virtual field trips using video and powerpoint programs, and hands-on activities in the classroom. these lessons use science standards to teach students how geography and climate determine plant communities present which, in turn, influence the economy and the history of the region. math is integrated into all lessons through science and history-based word problems. pilot schools for this program are shell point elementary, shanklin elementary, and robert smalls middle school. during the school year, the program will be made available to other district schools that wish to participate. - grants: several schools have been recipients of grants from lci to create outdoor classrooms and natural areas using native plants to teach students about pollination, plant lifecycles, and native habitats. - hands-on programs: lci staff and volunteers conduct programs at schools to teach students about the plants and animals native to the port royal sound system. - school field trips: lci is able to invite a limited number of schools each year to participate in field trips on spring island where students learn about habitats and animals of the lowcountry. click image to see photos of our school programs
__label__non_math	1.0000	the following , lowell tribune article appeared on page , column : wilbur doty, who for many years lived on a farm neat lowell, but for several years has resided near crown point, passed away at his home a week ago last sunday. he was past years old and had been in poor health for some time. the deceased was a man who bore the esteem of all who knew him. he leaves his wife and a family of grown children and many other relatives and friends. funeral services were held at his home tuesday at p.m. the remains were taken to hebron for interment.
__label__non_math	0.9990	brewster -- health officials say they've confirmed cape cod's first-ever case of a human-biting mosquito infected with eastern equine encephalitis. officials told the cape cod times that the virus was found in a mosquito caught in a trap at nickerson state park in brewster on july . test results came back friday. gabrielle sakolsky, an entomologist with the cape cod mosquito control project, says eastern equine encephalitis was found in mosquitos in in mosquitoes trapped in dennis and barnstable, but those mosquitoes were a type that bites birds. the eee virus is potentially fatal for humans and its symptoms include chills, fever, headaches, vomiting and diarrhea. there haven't been any human cases in the state this year, and state officials have done aerial spraying for mosquitoes in several communities.
__label__non_math	0.9995	newton, mass. ap -- framingham police responding to reports of teenagers tossing eggs at a house last month got quite a surprise when they tracked down the suspects. a department spokesman said the three people who egged the house in the early morning hours of dec. were fellow law enforcement officers, serving with the newton police. they were off duty at the time. they told framingham police that the egging incident was "a prank, a joke between friends." the homeowner, a newton police sergeant and their superior officer, said he would handle the matter internally. no charges were filed and the newton officers were not publicly identified.
__label__non_math	1.0000	lowell -- the city is turning to mammoth fire alarms of lowell to monitor the nonemergency fire signals that wireless fire-alarm boxes send to the city's dispatch center, city manager bernie lynch announced tuesday night. the city sought an outside firm for the job last may because dispatchers complained they did not always have time to acknowledge receiving the signals identifying maintenance issues with an alarm system and notify property owners of them. mammoth will start monitoring the signals in may. lynch also said the city will pay east coast security services of salem, n.h. ,000 to reprogram the wireless alarm system so that the nonemergency signals are sent to mammoth fire alarms and the fire signals are still sent to the city's dispatch center. east coast designed and installed the city's wireless fire-alarm system a couple years ago. the nonemergency alerts, also known as "nonfire" signals, identify issues with fire-alarm systems that need addressing, such as problems with water flow in a sprinkler system or a low battery. for more on this story, see wednesday's sun or visit
__label__non_math	1.0000	tyngsboro -- the chairman of greater lowell technical high school and a committee member disagree over the current status of the investigation into the allegations of gender harassment made by the superintendent against a committee member. chairman victor olson said at thursday night's school committee meeting that erik gitschier, through his attorney, had not responded to a request to enter into third-party mediation with superintendent-director mary jo santoro over her allegations at an october school committee meeting that gitschier was harassing her because she is a woman. gitschier, of lowell, shared a copy of a letter with the sun sent by his attorney gary brackett, of worcester-based brackett lucas, dated jan. "my client is willing to consent to participate in mediation to address the issues related to the allegations of gender harassment," brackett wrote to the school committee's attorney michael long. the letter goes on the say that brackett and gitschier request that santoro put the allegations she is making against gitschier in writing in accordance with the school district's policy, so that they may review it before proceeding. gitschier said without the allegations in writing, he does not know what the two parties would be mediating over. olson, of dracut, says as long as gitschier and his attorney have put stipulations on going into mediation, there has been no agreement gitschier said the school district's policies require a harassment complaint to be put in writing. under the school district's policy a grievance may be made verbally, but an "appropriate facilitator" would record the complaint in writing and submit a copy to the complaint officer, usually the title ix coordinator, who will then submit a copy to the charged person immediately and request a response within days. the complaint officer would then attempt an informal resolution. if no resolution was reached, it would then move on to a formal complaint. any records of the grievance and response and a detailed report of the informal resolution would be kept confidential, according to the district's policy. in november, a month after santoro accused gitschier of harassment at a public meeting, fred bahou, of lowell, requested the formal complaint be made public because santoro had made her complaints of harassment at a public meeting. long had advised the committee the motion was out of order and was reluctant to provide details about the ongoing investigation. the motion was withdrawn. so far, four months after santoro made her public statements of harassment, gitschier hasn't received anything in writing. brackett said he and gitschier previously requested a written statement of the allegations, but had not received one. brackett said he believes a written statement has been prepared. olson said he's never heard of someone presenting a written statement before entering into mediation. "typically when you go into mediation there isn't a written document," said olson. "i've never heard of someone presenting written stuff going in prior." olson said he might write down some generalities, but wouldn't give a detailed list. "they're putting conditions on it. the superintendent confirmed without any stipulations. that's not confirming you're going in," olson said. after santoro's public statements that she felt gitschier was harassing her, olson requested the school district's attorney and director of human resources lead an informal investigation into santoro's claims. the director of human resources recused herself from the investigation, the sun has learned, because of a potential conflict as santoro is her direct supervisor. gitschier and santoro obtained their own legal counsel. santoro is being represented by howard lenow, of wayland-based lenow mccarthy. although long is the school committee's attorney, gitschier chose to obtain his own legal counsel because he has been critical of the relationship between santoro and the attorneys at long dipietro, saying about a year ago the relationship was "too close." the school committee's attorney michael long will not be involved in the mediation process. brackett said the two parties will agree on a third-party mediator and santoro and gitschier will sit down with that person and their attorneys. the update olson gave thursday night on the status of santoro's gender harassment claim was at the request of vice-chair george o'hare, of lowell. under "old business" o'hare asked about any outstanding "legal activities" against the school committee. follow sarah favot on twitter
__label__non_math	1.0000	lowell -- fire officials said the two-alarm blaze that broke out tuesday inside a sixth-floor apartment at a lowell housing authority high-rise residency was triggered by a -year-old child playing with a lit candle. deputy chief jeff winward said the boy's grandmother was in the unit's living room at the time the fire started in the bedroom. officials were alerted to the fire at approximately p.m. within minutes, a ladder truck and several engines were on the scene at the lha's bishop markham development, located at 198 south st. firefighters were first forced to drop a rope out of a neighboring sixth-floor window in order to hoist a water hose. winward said two residents were treated at the scene for minor injuries. one of the residents, a sixth-floor neighbor, suffered burned forearms and wrists in a futile attempt to douse spreading flames. a man living on the seventh floor was treated for minor smoke inhalation. winward added that an initial language barrier hindered the efforts of fire officials in speaking with the grandmother. residents were allowed to return to their apartments by p.m. carol proctor, , lives directly above the apartment where the fire started. she uses a walker to move around and said she descended seven flights of stairs by using the railings once she discovered the elevator was turned off. proctor said the building's fire alarms alerted her to the emergency and added that her biggest worry michele mcenany, who happens to live one floor beneath the source of the fire and is also the president of bishop markham's tenant council, said the resident above her is relatively new to the lha. she also said she the alarms alerted her to the fire. "what a horrible thing to have happen right before christmas," she said. winward said american red cross representatives were assisting the sixth-floor family whose apartment was damaged by the flames. he added that the lowell housing authority would likely help the family find a different unit. mcenany said there are no tenant rules against the use of candles. the bishop markham village, a nine-building community consisting of 379 apartments and handicapped units, is home to elderly and disabled residents. follow evan lips at twitter.com evanmlips.
__label__non_math	0.9997	by sue weishar, ph.d. on , the small town of laurel, mississippi was the site of the largest single workplace site raid in u.s. history. early that morning hundreds of immigration control and enforcement ice agents swooped down on the howard industries plant in laurel, which produces electric transformers, and began rounding up workers. anyone who appeared to be of hispanic origin was separated from other workers and escorted outside to a fenced yard. roads around the sprawling plant were blocked and ice helicopters hovered overhead. one resident thought there had been a terrorist attack.for the 595 immigrant workers that were arrested that day, there might as well have been. by evening of that long, hot summer day, 488 immigrant workers, many in handcuffs, had been transported on dozens of ice buses to an immigrant detention center in jena, louisiana, four hours away ripped apart from their families and a community they had come to think of as home. another 107 persons, mostly women, had been deemed humanitarian cases2 and were released with electronic monitoring devices attached to their ankles. they were forced to wear these devices day and night for months. in the midst of such terror, a small catholic church became the center of solace and assistance. several catholic agencies and the loyola university new orleans law clinic also played key roles in assisting raid victims. this article examines the church s response to the raid in laurel,and how a small catholic community in the middle of a deeply conservative state was able to mitigate some of the harmful effects of the raid on its immigrant members.
__label__non_math	0.9685	rolex rankings no. rolex rankings no. can stacy lewis defend her title? this is the first year for the event. this week is all about...lexi thompson haley millsap answers fun questions suzann pettersen called in to golf channel's morning drive to talk about her win at the safeway classic and discuss europe's chances at the solheim cup.
__label__non_math	1.0000	- live scoring can stacy lewis defend her title? this is the first year for the event. for the first time in tour history, the fans had the chance to vote in their favorite player for the "featured grouping" of the week. the top-three players who received the most votes were grouped together for thursday's first-round. watch golf channel's interview with the featured group.
__label__non_math	0.9472	rolex rankings no. rolex rankings no. can stacy lewis defend her title? this is the first year for the event. this week is all about...lexi thompson haley millsap answers fun questions golf channel catches up with paula creamer after her second round at the evian masters.
__label__non_math	1.0000	network with other children's program providers and discuss strategies for bringing space science to children on this board. share successful programming ideas or models to help inspire others i have been able to develop a partnership with the meigs county schools. we will present a weekly afterschool program at each of our county's elementary schools for ten weeks beginning october 5th for 3rd, 4th and 5th grade students. the middle school and high school science clubs will provide student volunteers to help me with the program. the local energy cooperative has donated to be used for purchasing materials to be used in the program. several astronomy outreach programs have agreed to send presenters, including a solar astronomy outreach program from atlanta. they will be bringing solar telescopes to the school for us on october 12th. we are all excited about starting this in meigs county. i hope everyone else from the workshop has great success establishing an "explore" program in their communities. meigs county - decatur public library that sounds like so much fun, judi posts page of who is online users browsing this forum: no registered users and guest
__label__non_math	0.9985	the la quinta inn san antonio vance jackson is just north of downtown san antonio, southwest of the airport. we are the perfect destination for visitors to san antonio medical center, texas heart hospital, and south texas blood tissue. it's an easy drive to seaworld san an...see moretonio, river walk, and six flags fiesta texas. the sprawling crossroads mall is nearby and a variety of restaurants within walking distance, including la fogata. the spacious rooms at the la quinta inn san antonio vance jackson surround a lushly landscaped courtyard with a picnic gazebo. guests can relax on the sundeck by the sparkling outdoor swimming pool. you will find many useful amenities in all rooms such as free high-speed internet access, a hair dryer, and coffee maker. we have 600 square feet of meeting space available. our friendly staff serves a fantastic free bright side breakfast every morning so you can start the day right. easy access from i- exit 565c .see less amenities services free bright side breakfast free high-speed internet access free local calls meeting facilities available outdoor swimming pool free bright side breakfast hot and cold cereal bread and muffins all-you-can-drink coffee and juice additional breakfast items: ,000 la quinta returns points for a free night stay. not a member? join now check-in time: check-out time: guest room amenities plug-and-play tv feature makes it simple to connect electronics free high-speed internet access in all rooms iron with ironing board tripadvisor traveler rating: most recent reviews: "can't believe it is rated -star" a tripadvisor member my main issue is that it is rated a -star hotel and it is really a -star hotel at most. i have stayed at many other la quinta hotels before and this one is by far the worst la quinta i have ever stayed at. rooms are old, the bathtub was scraped beyond description, the shower was chest-high, the carpet smelled and you almost didn't want to step on it barefooted. i can go on and on, i just want everyone to know this is not your typical la quinta, which whereas not a -star hotel or even -star it is generally good value for the buck. this one isn't. la quinta should do a better review of all hotels that carry their name. everyone was nice and helpful to us. the rooms were up to date and very clean we stayed two nights at this laquinta and were very pleased. the location was perfect for our itinerary, easily accessed from i-. the room was clean and quiet. the breakfast items were good. the staff was friendly and helpful. we enjoyed our stay and would stay at the motel again. there was construction by our room but that aint no big deal breakfast was awesome it totaly save us money by not going to ihop. staff should be a little more friendly. other than that everything was great the hotel looked old and worn on the outside but i was very satisfied with the room, pool, and service received. the bathtub looked dingy, but everything seemed clean. they cleaned the room without messing with our belongings. i would stay there again. san antonio, tx local time: central local temperature: . f -day forecast whether you're traveling on business, a leisure getaway, or a family vacation, la quinta has the right hotel accommodations for you. take advantage of free internet access, free breakfast, and comfy beds offered at la quinta inns suites. you'll find the best rates online, the widest variety of room options, the most reliable hotel info, and more on lq.com. thank you for considering la quinta inns suites for your hotel travel plans
__label__non_math	0.9985	the lraye cinema movie reviews particular cinema seating should have dim lights, fluorescent lamps and introduced lights in the mixed surrounding. the sleek look should draw the eye from the site visitors and getting the look in the site visitors may also be very important. this could improve your happiness that you will beam with pride once your pals compliment you. choose colors from inside properly since it may need to look good both while using lights on off. also make sure that whichever item you buy for your cinema lraye cinema movie reviews would complement cooler areas naturally. using this method the end result of the house is enhanced. another feature to enhance your cinema seating experience is selecting for people laying lower chairs that have hydraulic systems fixed in it. this makes the chairs to shake and rock in line with the flow in the movie but to own this kind of wonderful addition in your home . you have to spend an essential part of hard acquired money. if you want to lraye cinema movie reviews low, then selecting for your ones with underneath lighting with cup holders is a great choice since you will get yourself a real cinema experience. can we need cinema like a type of entertainment? people all over the world need entertainment to have the ability to create a balance between study, effort, research and relaxation. that s how people started to create arts which are immortalizations of beauty or moments out of your existence getting a sizable impact on us, especially on youthful individuals who re in mission of self-affirmation and discovery. people the age of range are attracted by cinema? cinema is probably the arts which fits in getting in people all avenues of existence, all lraye cinema movie reviews, especially youthful ones. to begin with, the emphasis put on alert action makes adolescents be glued for the screen from the laptop and finish up failing to remember regarding homework, house chores, and the necessity to practice sports. unlike books, the cinema allures youthful people using its visual effects meant to make a world which seems really was and almost perfect.
__label__math	0.5396	boulder trails are common to the interior of menelaus crater as materials erode from higher topography and roll toward the crater floor. downhill is to the left, image width is 500 m, lroc nac m139802338l nasa gsfc arizona state university . most boulder trails are relatively high reflectance, but running through the center of this image is a lower reflectance trail. this trail is smaller than the others, and its features may be influenced by factors such as mass of the boulder, boulder speed as it traveled downhill, and elevation from which the boulder originated. for example, is the boulder trail less distinct than the others because the boulder was smaller? what about the spacing of boulder tracks? the spacing of bounce-marks along boulder trails may say something about boulder mass and boulder speed. but why is this boulder trail low reflectance when all of the surrounding trails are higher reflectance? perhaps this boulder trail is lower reflectance because the boulder gently bounced as it traveled downhill, and barely disturbed a thin layer of regolith? the contrast certainly appears similar to the astronauts' footprints and paths around the apollo landing sites. or, maybe the boulder fell apart during its downhill travel and the trail is simply made up of pieces of the boulder - we just don't know yet. lroc wac context of menelaus crater at the boundary between mare serenitatis and the highlands dotted line . the arrow marks the location of today's featured image at contact between the crater floor and ne crater wall nasa gsfc arizona state university . what do you think? why don't you follow the trail to its source in the full lroc nac frame and see if you can find any other low reflectance trails.
__label__non_math	0.9998	purchase of own securities and total voting rights octopus titan vct plc announces that on march the company purchased for cancellation ,908 ordinary shares at a price of .2p per share. following this transaction, the issued share capital of the company is now ,170,551 ordinary shares with a nominal value of 10p each, with voting rights. the company holds no shares in treasury. for further enquiries, please contact: celia whitten, company secretary tel: 020 this announcement is distributed by thomson reuters on behalf of thomson reuters clients. the owner of this announcement warrants that: i the releases contained herein are protected by datafeed and uk data supplied by netbuilder and interactive data. while london south east do their best to maintain the high quality of the information displayed on this site, we cannot be held responsible for any loss due to incorrect information found here. all information is provided free of charge, 'as-is', and you use it at your own risk the contents of all 'chat' messages should not be construed as advice and represent the opinions of the authors, not those of london south east limited, or its affiliates. london south east does not authorise or approve this content, and reserves the right to remove items at its discretion.
__label__non_math	0.9981	thursday, ls celebrates diversity, character and business by emmanuel ngomsi by emmanuel ngomsi week three in january is always an exciting one in lee s summit, and i personally look forward to the three major events that this community celebrates so early in the year. after just a short recuperation from the holiday season, this community kicks off the new -month cycle in its own way with the celebration of all what is profoundly dear to its heart, its core values: cultural diversity, character building and business prosperity. like the previous years, week-three in started jan. with the celebration of a champion of cultural diversity and inclusion dr. martin luther king, jr. this celebration is organized by the lee s summit human relations commission. for many years as member of for the mlk celebration committee and chairperson of the city human relations commission, i witness firsthand the commitment of the leadership of this city, mayor randy rhoads, the council members and the city administrators to issues of social equity. it is honorable that the leaders of this city believes rightly that when we are faced with cultural differences and issues, our goal is to educate one another so we can all achieve harmony and peace. king s dream wasn t a black dream or a white or hispanic dream; it wasn t a poor dream or a rich dream. king s dream was a humanitarian dream. lee s summit is set up to judge others not by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character. the second major event of the year is the mayor s character breakfast. it is organized by lee s summit cares lead by roby little. ls cares has not only embraced character but also diversity. it understands that succeeding in meeting the social challenges of this increasingly diverse community inevitably passes through the building of an environment where character counts and where at the same time people embrace, encourage and value diversity. simply defined, character is doing the right thing, even when no one is watching, and diversity is the acceptance of differences. it takes one to do the other. my personal experience as member of ls cares character council leads me to make the following observations about embracing cultures and character in ls: moral and ethical imperatives drive culture change. you will easily fit in the community if you walk in with values as your guide; lee s summit puts emphasis on the appreciation of differences and the creation of an inclusive environment in which everyone benefits when all is accepted; this community promotes a diversity model that advocates shared values rather than assimilation of the recessive culture; this model assumes that when groups come together each one will retain its own characteristics and shape the community as well as be shaped by it. no one is left behind, everyone wins. the third event this community celebrates this week is the lee s summit chamber of commerce annual gala on jan. . the chamber, lead by president nancy bruns, is driving force for business prosperity in this community. as a longtime member and member of the chamber board of directors, i observed this chamber strongly encouraging its members to do business with other chamber members, thus keeping the money flowing within the community this making it more prosperous. this chamber wants our business to prosper locally and internationally. i am looking forward to and week three already, so, mark your calendar right now. the location of these three events is the pavilion at john knox village. no matter your cultural identity, get involved
__label__non_math	0.9997	the information you provide is not stored by us or passed on to any third party. we use this information solely to send an email highlighting the product you think would be of interest to your friend. brighten up you home or travel in style with this beautifully soft and stylish throw featuring the routemaster moquette design. merino lambswool. dry clean only. made in the british isles. size: 170 x 145 cm this is not moquette material. bought this recently and am really pleased with it. the quality of the lambswool is brilliant and the throw is a nice thickness. the routemaster pattern is fantastic. if you fancy a bit of childhood memory in your own house, you won't be disappointed with this. select a value1 poor - excellent for updates, special offers and promotions sign up now safe, secure shopping. all major credit and debit cards accepted london transport museum transport for london tell me more
__label__non_math	0.9984	usage-based reading - an experiment to guide reviewers with use cases publikation tidskrift serie: information and software technology reading methods for software inspections are used for aiding reviewers to focus on special aspects in a software artefact. many experiments have been conducted for checklist-based reading and scenario-based reading concluding that the focus is important for software reviewers. this paper describes and evaluates a reading technique called usage-based reading ubr . ubr utilises prioritised use cases to guide reviewers through an inspection. more importantly, ubr drives the reviewers to focus on the software parts that are most important for the customer. an experiment was conducted on third year bachelor's software engineering students, where one group used use cases sorted in a prioritised order and the control group used randomly ordered use cases. the main result is that reviewers in the group with prioritised use cases are significantly more efficient and effective in detecting the most critical faults from a customer's point of view. consequently, ubr has the potential to become an important reading technique. future extensions to the reading technique are suggested and experiences gained from the experiment to support replications are provided. - technology and engineering - scenario-based reading - software inspection - controlled experiment - software engineering
__label__non_math	0.9666	death tracker as well as kill tracker? i've been thinking for a long time, "you know, the people with the highest scores on most servers are often the people that die the most, too." does anyone else notice this? maybe this isn't the case all the time, but i've seen it more than enough times to wonder why jedi outcast doesn't track an individual's deaths as well as their kills. i mean, i've seen this strategy a lot. big group of players all hacking at each other randomly, suddenly some guy jumps right into the middle with a slow, powerful swing. he's pretty much garaunteed at least one kill, but he's also pretty much dead within a couple moments. he does that enough, he's got like kills, and since he was killed by a different person almost every time, no one else has quite as high a kill count. people just don't try to keep themselves alive in this game. i mean, why should they? there's no penalty for dying, and it's a lot easier to rack up the kills when you don't fear getting cleaved yourself. of course, that means it takes less skill as well. i don't complain when i see it happen. i mean, that is how the game is. there's no penalty for dying, so why should people worry? i just think it would be more fun, and add more strategy to the game if there were. harder, better, faster stronger...
__label__non_math	0.9999	exclusive video: see how penelope and coco's new bambi flat was made penelope and coco first launched in , with a small range of locally sourced lace-up boots inspired by two specific sides of designer marisa spinella's personality: girly, vintage-loving "penelope" and risk-taking thrill seeker "coco." since then, the l.a.-based footwear label has grown its collection to include oxfords, heels and wedges, all made with these dueling characteristics in mind. to maintain a high level of quality, spinella and her business partner, arielle vavasseur, are actively involved with all levels of production this includes everything from the choosing of materials to working with california cobblers. in the exclusive video below you will see the pair conceive and create the company's new "bambi" flats before a very happy customer recieves them. watch, and then click here to pre-order the studded flats and shop other pre-fall styles for yourself.
__label__non_math	1.0000	search for flights, hotels and rental cars please insert your preferences for your journey so you can get individual offers for your flight, your hotel and your rental car. your benefits with login: - edit cancel bookings - order extra services - check in choose your seat from hours before departure - search print out your invoice
__label__non_math	0.9972	ships in -business days young women from the missouri fine arts academy created portraits of young kenyan women from carolina for kibera's binti pamoja daughters united project. portraits will be delivered to the kenyan women in july . the artists receive a photo of the young woman receiving their portrait. this is the second cycle of the face.africa project, sponsored by soulfari kenya inc.
__label__non_math	1.0000	african thuya burlwood laminate stair nose about stair nosing: place your order now through our web site, call -800-hardwood to talk to one of our sales representatives, or click here to find the closest store to you. reviewed by customer displaying review color and woodgrain matched perfectly, but the finish was flat and grainy where as the flooring is smooth and glossy. do you have questions about this product? answerbox - get answers from staff experts and real customers by clicking "ask a question" or click here to ask our customer service team q:what are the dimensions and how does it attach? a:check out our website under flooring 101 by typing in "laminate stair nose molding instructions
__label__non_math	0.9793	hi, my name is james and just found this site today, and love it. so much to learn my brain hurts i picked up a camera less than a year ago and am teaching myself photography, and i love it, and want to do it forever. sometimes it gets me down because i want to be 'good' right away, but these thinks take time i've been told... anyway, a mate did a site for me, and wanted to share and see what you think, cheers...jrp the shots are interesting, but . the thumbnails are so small as to be virtually worthless . what is the point of thumbnails which aren't visible unless the cursor is over and, since they're so small, partly obscuring them? " powerbook, .., safari
__label__non_math	0.9970	join date: last logged in: the name is megan, the age is . i'm a homeschool senior, planning to go to college in . i currently work, unfortunatly. but what can i do? i write stories when i have time to, and i tend to post some of them on this wonderful little website. and i think that covers the basics. i am currently: going to get something to eat, and the get some stories posted and write. my mood is: pretty decent i guess. i graduated high school yesterday, so excited about that. i am looking forward to: seeing my boyfriend and get all my college stuff done with and organized. looking forward to getting a dorm. wicked findings: i'm going to look over the first chapter of the rewritten part, edit a bit more, and hopfully post it today before i go babysit. what we call home: has been put on the back burners for now. still..... new stories with no names well yeah. backburners too. i want to get wf up and started again before i even start on anything. i should try to focus on only it for right now. as for an update on myself. i recently quit my job and started dating someone. i also finished my last exam for my high school yesterday, i'm waiting for everything to get graded and then i've got to get all my college stuff done. i'm also moving out of my parents house, they might be moving, they're trying to at least. and i don't want to be relaying on them, because they changed their minds about selling me their car and a bunch of other stuff. the thing is...i'm only , i graduated a year early and such, i'm trying to get into honors in college, and i don't turn till the end of the year. so i am currently trying to get a job i can walk to from the college, trying to make my parents decently happy, and for once having a social life. i will now start posting and updating. i promise, i don't have school to get in my way til the fall. just understand that i do have a lot going on with family, school, and friends right now. and i am being forced to grow up a bit more and do more things on my own, i'm not use to all this. so basicly, i am busy, but i will be posting. : much love to my readers. if you actually read all that, i give you a cookie. gives cookies : further information on the updates of my stories will be released when i feel like releasing it. .
__label__non_math	1.0000	more organizations are discovering that lures tours is dedicated to the promotion and networking of activities that help sport fishing and tourism. call for advertising - ph: 905-251- or our mailing: 326 sail vista drive, bobcaygeon, ontario k0m 1a0 website content and design
__label__non_math	0.7828	a delightful trap in the literal sense in which someone starts a duckroll thread and then inserts links to it in other threads, as if those links are quotes from posts earlier up in the thread. this causes victims to unintentionally end up at the duckroll thread, often confused and angry. to troll b in this fashion is sometimes called duckrolling. if a user is duckrolled, then the user is "required" to post a duckroll link in another thread. duckroll first appeared in b in mid-november , where to many people's surprise, duckroll took off and became very successful because b took much glee in duckrolling each other. duckroll has evolved as well, with a v spinoff called psyduckroll wheels on a pok mon called psyduck and youtube videos that are comprised solely of a stillshot of duckroll. this in turn lead to rickroll, v 's official answer to duckroll, and from there to hybrid youtube videos that combine a duckroll still shot with rickroll music sometimes with rick astley's face also shooped onto the duckroll image, or with other images like mukroll, another pok mon-based variant . some have dubbed this development "dickroll". duckroll warning system a greasemonkey script that flags duckroll links with the text " duckroll ". often posted in duckroll threads. posting links to videogame-related or not youtube videos is very popular on v . on , there were s large number of threads discussing about the recently-released gta4 trailer. a mischievous anonymous posted a youtube link to what he described as a "gta4 gameplay vid". at the time there was much speculation surrounding the new gta installment, so the link drew a large amount of curiosity, curiosity that was quickly squashed upon finding that the youtube link actually directed users to the music video of "never gonna give you up" by rick astley. many v irgins shat bricks when they found a skinny white boy singing like a black man instead of anything even remotely videogame related, and cries of "ondore the most common video used to rickroll is the 'never gonna give you up" music video, and they have also started to link to other rick astley songs, such as "take me to your heart." since rickroll has been used on seth macfarlane's cartoon family guy and the carson daly show, it is now an old and tired meme. it should also be noted that youtube rickrolls have been posted so often in gamefaqs, their tos has been amended in which posting a youtube video with rick astley's song "never gonna give you up" is now a violation with the note being, we shit you not, "posting a rickroll? that's a paddlin'." rickroll became mainstream on thanksgiving day , when rick astley, having bowed to the inevitable, performed "never gonna give you up" during the macy's thanksgiving day parade, thus rickrolling the entire united states on live televison and whatever other countries that were watching the coverage .
__label__non_math	0.9972	- shop lush: - gorilla perfume - emotional brilliance smell of freedom part : old delhi station this product does not contain animal products of any kind. this product may melt if shipped to a warm location. dab the perfume directly onto your wrists and neck for an immediate dose of your favorite aroma. you can also apply to pressure points behind your ears and the back of your knees. handmade with fresh ingredients natural syntheticsorganic jojoba oil simmondsia chinensis , perfume , clove bud oil eugenia caryophyllus , black pepper piper nigrum , patchouli oil pogostemon cablin , sandalwood oil santalum austro-caledonicum vieill , jasmine absolute jasminum grandiflorum , benzyl salicylate , cinnamyl alcohol , cinnamal , citral , coumarin , geraniol , benzyl benzoate , benzyl cinnamate , farnesol , limonene , linalool patchouli oil pogostemon cablin customers who like this item also like: spicy and oriental notes inspired by lush perfumer simon s journey through india to meet a tibetan monk in exile named ngawang. after finally meeting the monk and hearing his powerful story of prosecution and exile, simon arrived back at old delhi station. the fragrance of spices mixed with all the people was imprinted on his mind. he wanted to make a fragrance as a tribute to his journey, and the powerful story of ngawang. - inspired by survival: a powerful sensory experience inspired by freedom and a survivor of hardship - rich, warm and spicy: indian spices evoke an exotic train journey. - main notes: ginger, clove and black pepper. "i put this on when i get out of the bath or shower - it's a little oily, so it's probably good for my skin. when i get dressed, i spray a little karma on my clothes. i find that old delhi stn gives a wonderful bottom note for the" "i put this on when i get out of the bath or shower - it's a little oily, so it's probably good for my skin. when i get dressed, i spray a little karma on my clothes. i find that old delhi stn gives a wonderful bottom note for the karma. and, yes, i have been to the train station in delhi - this is very evocative - minus the unpleasant smells." shop with lushies customer reviews questions answers
__label__non_math	1.0000	explore luther: a first look explore luther: a first look is designed to provide prospective students and their parents with an overview of luther college. please click here to register for explore luther: a first look if you are a high school junior just getting started with the college search, visiting us during this event is a great option to get an introductory look at luther. make sure to bring your parents, since we have activities for them, too. the schedule has been created to provide you with the utmost flexibility. options throughout the day include campus tours, general information sessions, academic department visits, meetings with coaches, music rehearsals, and other activities. your arrival and departure times will vary according to your selected activities. the first session will begin at a.m. the deadline to register for explore luther is friday, march . contact: amy noel, 563-387-
__label__non_math	0.9999	the rocco forte collection of boutique european luxury hotels is celebrating belgium's new ren magritte museum with a special package at their five-star hotel amigo above in brussels. the museum, opening in june, will contain 170 works by the belgian surrealist master. the amigo features copies of magritte paintings and design elements throughout. its magritte suite is an elegant series of rooms with amazing city views. in addition to tickets to the new museum, a magritte book, and other perks, the magritte museum package includes a special dinner at the hotel's excellent ristorante bocconi. meanwhile the rocco forte collection just opened their 12th and newest property in prague, the augustine. located in prague's mal strana district in the heart of the city's rich cultural center, a short walk from the majestic prague castle, the wallenstein gardens and the famous charles bridge, the 101-bedroom hotel was created from a set of seven buildings. many of of them are historically significant, including the 13th-century augustinian st. thomas monastery for which the hotel is named.
__label__non_math	1.0000	filed under: green going green is all the rage and it's seeping into everything -- even into the casino gaming industry speaking of that, does anybody know of any eco-friendly leed certified casinos?
__label__non_math	0.9999	apple on saturday opened its biggest asian store yet in beijing, with hordes of shoppers descending on the three-floor complex that highlights the growing importance of china to the us tech giant. the shop, on the major shopping street of wangfujing in the heart of the capital, covers an area of ,300 square metres ,750 square feet . china is now the second-biggest market for apple after the u.s. but the company has also faced criticism for the conditions in which its products are produced in china. the enthusiasm for the company s gadgets among the country s fast-growing consumer class was clear saturday as shoppers quickly packed out the new shop shortly after it opened at gmt . around 100 people also waited outside to enter the store, apple s sixth official outlet in mainland china, according to an afp journalist at the scene. many other shops in china are also licensed to sell apple products. the popularity of apple in china is such that the launch of new iphone models has in recent years led to huge crowds jostling to get their hands on the smartphones and spawned a black market in the gadgets.
__label__non_math	0.9983	create and animate complex composites using mattes, keys, and intraframe effects elements that allow editors and motion graphics artists to seamlessly combine and animate multiple layers of content with avid media composer. i'm a new subscriber. i'm minutes in and i can't thank you enough. i'm learning what would normally cost me nearly ,000 more from our members
__label__non_math	1.0000	published on thursday, several years ago, neil and connie sullivan, owners of the st. vrain market, adopted twins from ethiopia, earlier this year neil, in conjunction with pride, a non-profit group the couple has become involved with, had an incredible opportunity to revisit the country, and travel to some of the most breath taking rural areas of ethiopia. the people he traveled published on thursday, sandra de vries is a dutch artist, who has been friends with lyons artist jacob leeuwenburgh also from netherlands since they were in high school. when they recently re-connected after twenty years, de vries, who now lives in vernon, british columbia, mentioned that her latest artistic endeavors revolved around yarn bombs. if you are familiar with the artist cristo, and how he wraps statues, trees, buildings, bridges, and even islands with silk, yarn bombing is similar, except that de vries uses knitted yarn to published on thursday, anyone who has ever written a poem is eligible to enter the free poetry contest sponsored by poetryfest, a nonprofit organization devoted to discovering new poets and helping them to achieve a wider audience for their poetry. there are one hundred prizes to go around, and the last poet standing will receive a one thousand dollar cash prize. published on thursday, born in the french mediterranean city of nice, neo-impressionist painter tisha wood received her formal art education at the beaux arts school, and studied for several years with renowned colorado artist ,lillian kennedy. ms. wood has shown her work in many private exhibitions, colorado community exhibitions such as the st. stephens art show first place winner , and an international acclaimed solo exhibition at the villa gaspari published on thursday, as the school year comes to an end, many parents are looking for unique summer camps for their children. previously, most families would drive to boulder or longmont to expose their children to summer camps offered by highly skilled artisans. that is no longer necessary. the corner studios located at 318 main street has developed an intense summer offering for our community. from recycled art, clay, paper, paint, even the art of science: fossils, magnets, and soap bubbles, every week offers something fun for area families at an affordable price. children can make a published on thursday, during the lyons art weekend, friday, june through sunday, june , the death caf and art salon will be open between the hours of and p.m., at the lyons yoga and wellness center 310 main street . visitors to the death caf and art salon will spend time in a nurturing and open environment to talk about the art of death or the death of art , and to explore resulting feelings and images through a process of creative uncovery. participants will be free to discuss topics of life and death from many points of view. paper and art supplies will be provided for those wishing to explore their thoughts and feelings visually. published on thursday, spring brings with it a desire to be outdoors. many northern colorado towns host friday night walks where people take to the city streets, pop in and out of specialty shops, galleries, and or museums, and partake of refreshments often free . daytime suggests a stroll to view art in public places. you ll published on thursday, i ve got the bucolic plague all my thoughts strong root systems unkempt, growing, fertile green with expectation poking through the cold snow tilling over the brown dead winter expectations of possibility is it contagious? by: martin soosloff published on thursday, the longmont museum 400 quail road presents american visionaries - dorothea lange and maynard dixon, which opened march , and is running through may . for the first time, photographs by lange and drawings by dixon will be exhibited together. these two twentieth century american artists share a closer bond than most people realize; they were married from to . although they were married for fifteen years, and tackled similar subjects, work by lange and dixon, until now, has not been shown together in a single exhibition. as artists living together through the 1920s and the first
__label__non_math	1.0000	published on thursday, dear lyons community, so, you might be wondering if you should go to the lyons 9health fair on saturday, april , from a.m. to noon at the lyons high school. you re thinking, there is nothing wrong with me. i m in pretty good health. i have health insurance, why should i waste an hour or two in the high school on a sunny saturday morning? as the medical coordinator for our health fair for the past five years, i ll try to give you a few reasons to join us in this published on thursday, local, state, and federal land-management agencies, to include the u.s. forest service, national park service, colorado parks wildlife, boulder county, city of boulder, and city of longmont are partnering to develop a long term, multi agency master plan for a network of access points and travel corridors for non motorized users in the foothills and mountains of boulder county. published on thursday, by, janelle boyington, rm, cpm as the granddaughter of a survivor, as a healthcare provider for women, and as the mother of a daughter, i like so many of us am very concerned about breast cancer. the american cancer society estimates that about one in eight women will develop invasive breast cancer over the course of her lifetime and that in about ,620 mothers, daughters, sisters, and friends will die from breast cancer. various risk factors can increase the chances published on thursday, the soul rebels brass band formed when lumar leblanc and derrick moss, originally members of new orleans iconic dejean s young olympia brass band, decided they wanted to play the new exciting music they were hearing on the radio while respecting the tradition they loved. both new orleans natives, the pair was steeped in the fundamentals of new orleans jazz, but inevitably published on thursday, the lyons economic gardening group legg will conduct a seminar on tuesday, may , at p.m., in the log cabin at smokin dave s bbq taphouse 228 main street . the seminar will be titled: the new marketing toolbox mobile, social, digital. it will explore the latest in marketing techniques published on thursday, where did that warm weather go? it was seventy degrees, and in a few hours we are getting snow and cold again. however, we need the moisture, so let it snow wow, there are lots of things going on in lyons. pick up the parks recreation brochure and participate published on thursday, saturday, april , was a beautiful day for track and field at longmont high school s everly-montgomery field. nineteen schools including south dakota s rapid city stevens high school gathered to run, jump, and throw. co-hosting with longmont, lyons was one of two 2a schools in attendance, with the bulk of competing schools falling into the 4a division. while many lyons athletes were still out on spring break and a few others were out published on thursday, in the interest of full disclosure, let it be known that the author of this article is married to the mayor. nothing like a budget discussion item on the agenda to clear out a room published on thursday, planet bluegrass is proud to announce the preliminary lineup for the 23rd annual rocky mountain folks festival, to be held august through . the lineup will include some new faces, and some old friends. for now the list includes: loreena mckennitt, the john butler trio, patty griffin, colin meloy, mary gauthier, nathaniel rateliff, lynn miles, shane koyczan the short story long, ariana gillis, robby hecht, the songwriter showcase, and
__label__non_math	0.9998	lyrics depot is your source of lyrics to one you slip around with by buck owens. please check back for more buck owens lyrics. one you slip around with lyricsartist: buck owens album: sings harlan howard i had the key to heaven when we married and for a while i brought you happiness but now your love for me is dead and buried and every night you share another's kiss and i'd rather be the one you slip around with and be the one who's dream of love is gone i'd rather be the one you spend your time with than be the one at home all alone steel - fiddle deep down inside i know that i should leave you how many tears was fallen before i learn i think of many ways that i could grieve you and yet i'm always here when you return and i'd rather be the one... all lyrics are the property of their respective authors, artists and labels.
__label__non_math	1.0000	lyrics depot is your source of lyrics to city on a hill by flatfoot . please check back for more flatfoot lyrics. city on a hill lyricsartist: flatfoot album: jungle of the midwest sea like a tree without its branches, like a fire without a light, you're a battle weary soldier who is running from the fight, like a ship without an anchor, you're a boat without a crew, you hide the light inside you as you're whoring out the truth, on the outside you're pretty, on the inside you're drenched, in the blood of the anointed in the wound of the oppressed, fill your cup full of sorrows as you soil the master's clothes, you were faithful at the wedding feast, but now wasted in the road, like a city on a hill with a blackout in effect you defy your maker, is there one you respect? like a city on a hill you are tattered and torn, you defy your maker in your return to the scorn, put life to your footsteps, put spine to your feet, will you make your decision are you chaff or are you wheat? will you rise or will you fall, will you stand or will you crawl? will you be the ones he's called you to be or turn away and run, no more on the fence all lyrics are the property of their respective authors, artists and labels.
__label__non_math	0.9992	so, which tablet did you receive over the holiday season? was it the kindle fire, the motorola xoom, or the ipad? exchange activesync is great for "push" email synchronization with mobile devices, but as a mobile device management platform it has serious architectural and administrative limitations that leave you exposed to significant security risks. to illustrate the point, let's examine how many company s enable access to exchange from mobile devices. as you develop your mobility strategy, start thinking about security, and begin the process of evaluating mobile device management solutions and who isn t at the moment , it s easy to get lost in the weeds, spending time talking about features, functionality, life cycle management and device support. every once in a while, it makes sense to pause and remember what the primary goals of mobile device management are. the nielsen company recently released metrics about consumer marketshare by operating system for smartphones in the us. i m not sure why some people are surprised by these numbers however, i don t think the division of marketshare is the key story. if you are wondering what they looked like, you can see the report here: nielsen report. for the record, the top are android , apple and rim . behind these numbers is something bigger, with greater impact on all companies regardless if they are supplying smartphones to their workers or if they allow workers to bring in their personal devices. it s been a few days since the rsa conference and i ve had time to absorb everything that was there. with the sessions, keynote addresses, vendor floor and the socializing, the whole conference was definitely something worth experiencing. the conference had more than 320 companies exhibiting their tools and technologies, over 255 sessions and 540 speakers. the morning consisted of keynote addresses, awards and a panel discussion with the biggest names in cryptography. the opening keynote was made by rsa chairman, arthur coviello. it was in part a call to arms. art announced the cloud trust authority initiative, a series of cloud-based services designed to enable organizations and cloud service providers to work together to design security into cloud initiatives. art also commented that the cloud and virtualization will dramatically change security. no doubt, it has to. traditional security technologies cannot scale to or adapt to the fluid nature of the cloud. this notion of change being needed in how security is implemented in a cloud model resonated throughout the rest of the day, and i m sure will be repeated throughout the rest of the week. art had vmware chief development officer, richard mcaniff on stage with him talking about developing for a trusted cloud. first day at the rsa conference and it s off to a great start. as expected, one of the big topics everyone is talking about is cloud computing. it helps that the conference started with the cloud security alliance summit, but it was bigger than just that. the talk in the halls was all about cloud computing, as well. from data warehouse vendors, to multi-factor authentication vendors, to consumers from all walks of life, cloud computing is on everyone s mind.
__label__non_math	0.9997	"paul mccartney wings: one hand clapping" on vh1 classic, dec., est cst on vh1 classic, tonight, is "paul mccartney wings: one hand clapping". a rare behind-the-scenes footage, filmed in london in august, showing paul and wings recording songs for "band on the run" at abbey road studios. airs at est cst. will be repeated on thursday, december at est cst.
__label__non_math	0.9999	the vip packages for the november december on the run gigs are being put together now. you will be able to purchase link through maccacentral right to provider. stay tuned to this space for details. update - pre-sale packages are anticipated to be available monday and the link is right here: macca-central is proud to be associated with this offering of the illustrious vip packages to paul mccartney on the run tour. help support this site and make your purchase through this link: vip package link pre-sale paul mccartney tickets-packages - please note this site will be updated by the seller shortly and since it's the official site, will be live when sales go live, currently the site was from the dec. shows. remember these are great seats and usually have options to get in the sound check. these are limited so early bird gets the worm, if you get in, don't hesitate.
__label__non_math	0.7870	while we're here, let's modify a few things about the way our text view will act. select the text view and open the inspector by choosing view info in the tools menu. the info window should be labeled "nstextview info"; if not, click on your text view again. an attributes info view should be displayed in the inspector. if this is not shown, select it from the pull-down menu at the top of the window. now we want to enable the options for importing graphics and implementing undo services. the options are labeled "graphics allowed" and "undo allowed"; click the checkboxes so they are enabled. finally, select size from the pop-up menu at the top of the info window. this will allow us to set how the document window and text view will resize relative to each other when the entire window is resized. click on the horizontal and vertical lines in the box within the window so that they look like springs. what this does is tell our application that when we resize the document window, the distance between the window border and the text view edges must always remain constant; the springs indicate that the size of the text view is free to resize so that this restriction can be accommodated. the other option would be to change the lines connecting the text view edge to the window edge to springs with the lines interior to the text view solid , which would cause the text view size to remain fixed when the window is resized, and the space between the two to freely change. ok, so save the nib file, and return to project builder where we will build and run our application, and with no coding, see all the free features provided by cocoa. building and running the application building and running an application are achieved by clicking on the hammer and monitor icons in the toolbar you must wait for the application to finish compiling before you run it . alternatively you can press command-r to accomplish both of these things. when your application starts running, you will see a blank document window appear with the name of your document in the title, "untitled". play around with the menus and take note of what commands are available. spellcheck. kerning. ligature. undo. and there are others.... you're probably a bit underwhelmed right now because you think that those menu items can't possibly do anything useful since you didn't write any code; they're just placeholders so you'll remember to implement them later. think again. type some text in the window and try them out, see what happens. have some fun with it. play with them all that's right, they all work this is the power of the application kit and cocoa; you get all of this just because you had the good sense to own a mac and try out cocoa. and we're just scratching the surface of what's possible; this won't be the last time to see something like this. congratulations what just happened? so how is it that we get all this stuff for free? let me explain. when we dragged that text window onto the main window of our application, we were creating an instance of the nstextview class in out application. once we did that, we incorporated a wealth of code and functionality contained in nstextview and its parent class, nstext. that is where the magic happens. nstext is a great example of what i talked about in the first column -- apple has put a lot of work into providing you with a rich set of tools to start out with so you don't have to reinvent the wheel. what nstext provides is code that implements all the cool things we saw: kerning, font styling, spell checking, alignment, and rulers. all of this is programmed into the nstext class, and we interact with it through instances of its subclass, nstextview. i encourage you to take a look through the class documentation for nstextview to gain a more detailed understanding of what's going on. what we don't get for free unfortunately we can't get everything for free, but we're not doing so bad this far. you don't get to save your document yet, and open saved documents. however, it's not hard at all to add this, and the next column will focus on this. next time, we will take this application and add some code to it giving it some more functionality such as saving and opening files. we'll also learn more about document-based applications -- another wonderful freebie in cocoa-as well as how to work with data. see you in two weeks michael beam is a software engineer in the energy industry specializing in seismic application development on linux with c and qt. he lives in houston, texas with his wife and son. read more programming with cocoa columns. return to the mac devcenter.
__label__non_math	0.9998	please choose country language you are not signed in please sign in or register now print out this machine email this machine these estimated weights are approximations based on the model year and machine model, without ballast. the weights are approximations only, and may or may not be accurate for this particular machine. you may override or supply your own weight estimate. machinefinder was created in . since then we have served millions of visitors, tens of thousands of pieces of equipment and integrated with our entire dealer network. machinefinder home page help frequently asked questions machinefinder, john deere and the associated trademarks are property and available only for the specific use of deere company. .
__label__non_math	1.0000	dickies outland bodywarmer this dickies bodywarmer is both fashionable and practical, featuring various pockets and security features and is finished in a distinctive camouflage print. there are two main front pockets with flaps and even an extra pocket for your mobile phone or pens. featuring a rugged and durable zipper and velcro fastened storm flap, you will look cool, but stay warm. sizes: small to extra, extra large
__label__non_math	0.8692	updated edt, wed in response to growing concerns over its os x support, coda music has noted that finale , which is due later this summer after the release of the windows version will operate as a classic application under os x, providing "full access" to its new features: "coda is strongly committed to delivering a native version of finale for mac os x as quickly as we can... finale macintosh is undergoing an array of architectural improvements that will benefit all macintosh users as well as facilitate full os x implementation. a number of these changes will be apparent in the release of finale , available in the summer of . finale , scheduled for the summer of , will be a native os x application."
__label__non_math	1.0000	we have invested heavily in acquiring powerful document scanning equipment to assist us in providing a less-paper environment for our staff and clients. this allows us to offer a commercial scanning service to our clients that fulfils their responsibility to keep financial records under the requirements of hm revenue customs, companies house and other regulatory bodies. if the storing of paper records is becoming an issue for you or your business, please contact us and we can provide a detailed quotation for the scanning of your records. our basic costs are as follows; software pervades all aspects of modern business life and can have real benefits in terms of managing and developing your business in terms of financial information, customer development and staff issues. we have extensive experience in acquiring, developing and utilising financial and other software and can assist you in your buying decisions. if you would like to discuss your requirements further, please contact your usual firm contact.
__label__non_math	1.0000	virtix, inc. has released a new version of spectra, bringing it to version .. spectra is an imovie plug-in designed for expanding the standard imovie effects palette. the latest version features new effects including snow and bubbles. according to virtix: virtix, inc. announces the immediate availability of virtix spectra .for imovie. version .contained filters for imovie which allow imovie users to alter and correct images, highlight objects and add unique color effects to their videos. version .now also contains new sophisticated bonus effects: extreme contrast, bubbles, crosseyed and snow just in time for the holidays snow, one of our most requested effects, adds a wintery look to your scene. extreme contrast spreads an image evenly through the brightness spectrum, brightening a dark room, toning down an overexposed image and giving new life to washed-out scenes. bubbles can be used for simulating an underwater scene or giving an interesting look to titles. crosseyed conveys the viewpoint of a person passing out or waking up. virtix spectra contains color correctors, advanced black white filters, color spot, color bleed, color filter, color offset, enhanced photo negative, extreme black white with color, extreme color blend, moonlight, phasing colors, phasing light, rotate colors rgb , rotate colors rbg , strobe light, and sunset. you can find more information about the latest spectra release at the virtix, inc. web site. spectra .is available for us ..
__label__non_math	1.0000	- story ideas - send corrections athens, ga. less than two weeks after georgia finished yards away from a berth in the national championship game, it s still tough for some players to shift their focus to their capital one bowl matchup with nebraska. the sting from the bulldogs -loss to alabama in the southeastern conference championship game lingered as bowl practice began wednesday. it was the toughest loss i ve ever been a part of, said senior receiver tavarres king. quarterback aaron murray usually can t wait to devour game film. this game was different. i dreaded watching it, but i did, murray said. murray said georgia still has a lot to play for. the jan. bowl game in orlando is not a bcs bowl, but murray said the game will define the bulldogs season. murray said no. georgia - can reach wins for only the third time in school history and finish in the top five of the polls, which is an unbelievable season. it can definitely hurt us is we don t win the game, murray said. we drop out of the top and it becomes just another season. time expired in the loss to alabama after receiver chris conley caught a deflected pass and was tackled at the . murray s pass was intended for malcolm mitchell. the plan was for a touchdown or incompletion, leaving time for another play. the tipped pass, and subsequent catch, was the worst ending for georgia. i think most of them understand that you can t turn the clock back, said coach mark richt. we fought hard, we had a great plan, we did what we could do that day. we just couldn t get it done. we didn t do enough to get it done, but everybody knows that you have to move on. richt s news conference, designed to preview the bowl game, was dominated by questions about the loss to alabama. there were three teams left. we were one of them, richt said, referring to teams still in the national championship race before the sec championship game. i d say the same thing i said after the game. i was extremely disappointed in the outcome of the game, but not disappointed one bit in our players and coaches and how we battled. richt said he wouldn t change his calls in the final seconds, including his decision to have murray run a play with seconds remaining instead of spiking the ball. if you run a system when you are used to going fast, it s no big deal to just call the next play, richt said of georgia s no-huddle offense. it s what we do. if we spike it, strategically you give them time to gather up and get their senses and get their calls in. richt and murray defended conley for catching the deflection when an incompletion would have given georgia another play. murray said he told conley don t even think about blaming yourself. all of a sudden to see a ball right on you, it s hard to not catch it, murray said. added richt: a wide receiver catches the ball. that s his nature. for any wide receiver, if that ball hits in front of his face, he s going to go get it and go catch it. murray, a junior, said he will study his nfl draft options after the bowl game. i m going to think about it and pray about it and sit down with my family, murray said. espn draft analyst mel kiper jr. said tuesday murray could be a second- or third-round pick. i would go back another year if i were aaron murray because if you re not guaranteed a first-round pick it s wise to go back, especially if you play at georgia with the talent around the quarterback there, kiper said. kiper said there will be questions about murray s size and inability to beat top teams like alabama. is he going to be feet or a little over? kiper asked. he s not going to be -or -. murray is listed as -foot-. i am -, he said with emphasis. asked about kiper s comments, murray said i don t know. he s not the one drafting anyone. kiper projects three georgia defensive players as first-round picks: junior outside linebacker jarvis jones, junior inside linebacker alec ogletree and senior nose tackle john jenkins. kiper ranks jones no. . murray said he has good reason to push back his draft decision. i know personally i want to win a bowl game, he said. i haven t won one. georgia lost to central florida in the liberty bowl in murray s freshman season and lost to michigan state in the outback bowl after last season. richt said he will challenge the team s leaders to finish better than we did a year ago and to solidify the job that they ve done, because i think they ve done an outstanding job to this point. senior linebacker christian robinson said the challenge includes moving past the loss to alabama. we want to be a team that finished, we don t want to be a great team that just gave up and laid down because their ultimate goal didn t happen, robinson said. we were five yards from being somewhere else but we don t want to show that we weren t worthy of it by not finishing.
__label__non_math	0.9938	a major new version of omnigraffle for ipad has been approved and it s one hell of an update. omnigraffle .introduces full ios .compatibility, which means the app can now store its persistent state when you switch to another application and can print your diagrams and wireframes using airprint. the omnigroup didn t stop at new os support, even though that would have been enough. they added an enhanced document browser with improved sorting and filtering options, stencil management and remote file syncing to idisk and weddav. you can now also create your own stencils from scratch and access a font inspector popover from anywhere. what a great update. omnigraffle for ipad is available at .in the app store. check out the full .changelog below. omnigraffle .for ipad is a major update which adds support for printing and multitasking in ios ., improvements to the document browser, stencil management, remote idisk and webdav support, as well as other improvements and bug fixes. we love hearing from you printing airprint support has been added for those users running ios .. printing controls are accessible from the document browser. by default, all documents are set to fit canvases on one printer page, this setting can be toggled in the canvas size inspector popover. multitasking omnigraffle for ipad .takes advantage of multitasking in ios .to better maintain application state and perform tasks when in the background. the ability to selectively view documents based on file type has been added, users can choose to look at normal diagrams or at custom and downloaded stencils. the ability to change the sorting order in the document browser has been added as well, allowing users to view documents in a list based on title or modification date. a scrubber of sorts has been added to the bottom of the document browser view, providing quick navigation from one end of the list of documents to the other. users are now able to create their own custom stencils from scratch. the ability to selectively show and hide any or all stencils in the stencils popover has now been added. a server-side flag at graffletopia has been put in place to expressly not show certain stencils that perform poorly or not at all on the ipad. said stencils will not show in a search from within omnigraffle for ipad. the konigi wireframe stencils now come bundled with omnigraffle for ipad. support to access and write to files at a webdav server or mobileme idisk account has been added. documents in both the local and remote locations will be overwritten with a prompt to better facilitate round-trip operations for working with the same file. documents can be exported and emailed natively or as pdfs and pngs to webdav and idisk as well as to the itunes directory for access via the desktop. a new and improved font inspector popover is in place, making bold and italic typeface selection easier, and text can now be underlined. various improvements to the text tool in drawing mode have been made. better descriptive clues have been added to the controls to filter by style in the selection view in the contents popover. locked layers are indicated as such in the object list view in the contents popover. fixed a bug where it was possible to move a shape into a locked layer. the text selection contextual menu now has a select option for easier text selection. fixed a bug where the geometry inspector steppers were not working properly if a file coming from the desktop had a custom ruler origin. fixed an issue with linear blend fills not displaying properly if they had transparent outer colors. fixed a bug where transparent canvas backgrounds would expose previous documents or views. addressed some rotation snapping problems. you should follow the author on twitter here.
__label__non_math	0.9997	expo: werck offers server app for point-of-sale software werck released checkout server, a dedicated server application for its checkout point-of-sale software at macworld expo tuesday. werck also updated checkout to version .. checkout users wanted a way to keep their store data on a dedicated computer, the company says. with checkout server, up to computers can be connected to a store database at once. users can schedule automatic store backups with checkout server that can run without interruption at any time, even while employees are logged in. the .update to checkout features a brand new api to create custom reports to checkout as well as german, french and dutch localizations. both checkout server and checkout .are now available for download from the checkout web site. checkout .is a free update for all users of checkout .or later. a single license for the point of sale app costs . checkout server is available as a free download.
__label__non_math	0.9997	by madalyn sklar what drives your music? when did you first know you had to do this thing called music or bust? from a very young age, i've wanted to do music. i hardly watched tv; i listened to music instead, fantasizing being on stage, but i was extremely shy and had severe stage freight. i would write lyrics to future songs, sing them in my room or the shower, and just kept hoping i could be good enough and fearless enough to get on stage someday. thanks to living in japan and being dragged to karaoke bars, i got used to singing in front of people. i was a late bloomer. when i started my first band, there was no turning back. describe your music style and name three musicians you have been inspired by and why. i tend to weave my genres; it's not a conscious thing, but i chalk it up to my multi-racial background, growing up on r b and rock. i like to sing in a bluesy way, i like to write stuff i can dance to, and i love hard guitars, bass and drums that i can headbang to. as for my songwriting style, i wrote journals for years, so that autobiographical style viewpoint seems to be prevalent in my lyrics. three musicians... difficult to limit to three. but living colour was particularly inspirational because, for one, it was the first concert i'd ever been to. i didn't know who they were, a friend invited me, and i was blown away. of course for their unbelievable power and musicianship, but also because i'd never known there were african-americans like me who loved rock music. a big eye-opener, and very liberating. i really love pink for her songwriting, her resilience and humor, and i like the way she and her producers can do different genres on the same album and make the album sound totally cohesive. i love chaka khan for her singing range, her attitude, you name it. she can sing any genre, she can sing any cover and make it her own. she's an r b legend, but to me, she's a funky rock chick. i want her to do a rock album so badly. there are so many more... what's your ideal venue atmosphere? i'm sure everyone says this, but a great sound system with competent people to run it describe how your music career has evolved since you first started performing. when i first started, i knew absolutely nothing about music how would you describe the music scene in your area? like most cities, venue attendance is down, including in osaka. but there is definitely a market for "niche" type artists. the japanese like quirky stuff and are very group-oriented, so once you find a group of fans, word will spread quickly, and they'll be loyal to the end. the underground scene seems to rule right now. my music isn't particularly quirky, but i am unusual enough in that i'm a plus-size foreign woman with a huge afro doing rock in english, so i stand out, so i guess that puts me into a niche. i've been getting more attention lately, so i'm looking forward to the next several months to see where this new attention leads. what was the inspiration for your latest release? my latest may and only release so far , "the blazing heart", represented my determination. i'd spent years trying to get my music together, but it always seemed like my music would never see the light of day. it took years to find someone who understood my vision and could arrange the songs the way i wanted, or even surpass my vision. of the four songs on the ep, two are older songs i'd written years ago; the other two were new at the time. so i combined the old me and the new me, and gave it the title "the blazing heart" to remind myself of how far i've come, and to remind myself to keep going. what do you think is number one for a musician to think about before preparing for a cd project and do you have any tips on saving time in the studio? fortunately, i hired a very organized producer, and i learned a lot from him. he had a time schedule, he knew exactly how he wanted the song to go, the exact drum pattern, the exact tone of the guitar, and he hired experienced session musicians who could take direction. he did a lot in pre-production. so this saved a lot of time. as for preparation for a cd project, i think the number one thing is to know your song and how you want to play it and sing it. any song you plan to record, you should really have it down pat, by playing it live as many times as possible, not just in band rehearsals. new ideas - lyrics, phrasing, melody, chords - will always come. in a live situation, friends can give honest feedback, and you can see how the crowd responds to certain songs. the more you perform a song, the tweaks get worked out, so the smoother the studio session will be. so it's best to go into the studio with a song that you're confident in; that you'll be satisfied with. because once it's recorded, that's it. what makes or breaks a musician just starting out in your opinion? the ability to handle the fact that not everyone will like your music. or the courage to venture out of your comfort zone and perform at a venue in a different state or somewhere far, in front of total strangers who aren't into you at all. you really need to be thick-skinned. it's cliche but true: only the strong survive. describe your toughest moments in your quest for a music career and tell us how you overcame them. a great opportunity that never came to be... thanks to a gogirls opp, i was to be featured in a print magazine called "figure" earlier this year. but the magazine went bankrupt, so my feature interview was never published. that kind of exposure meant so much to me. really broke my heart. lots of money wasted lost on a promoter who i realized didn't really promote me at all, during my acoustic tour of l.a. last november. that made me feel really stupid, totally violated and taken advantage of. both the good and especially the bad are learning tools. what you do with the new knowledge is the important thing. i know i won't make the same mistake next time. these setbacks made me tougher, and made me change my strategy. so i decided to market myself where i live and perform osaka , even though i wasn't sure the japanese audiences would dig me singing originals in english. but it turned out to be a very good decision, as things are really picking up, and i feel very confident and excited for the first time in a long time. what advice would you offer up and coming artists that get discouraged other than don't give up? you really have to do your homework, not just the performing side, but the business side. it takes patience, time and consistency. do research. read books. read biographies of famous artists, to see what they went through before hitting the big time. be prepared for the setbacks and enjoy the big opportunities, but with a grain of salt. when something doesn't go your way, you have to be able to say to yourself, "that opportunity wasn't right for me," instead of thinking "i'm not good enough." you can't sit back and wait someone to "discover" you and help you. you have to make it happen for yourself. even when things look bleak, or don't turn out as you'd hoped, you have to keep your focus, keep believing in yourself, keep selling yourself and take control, of both your career and your emotions. tell us something you want the music world to know about you. i am the rock n' roll soul chick i'm working on material for my next cd project, and one of those songs will be used for my first music video. hopefully i can shoot it by next spring. the material this time will have simpler arrangements but with a harder feel, perhaps more blues-rock hard rock, and the lyrics...hmmmmm....i'll need a "parental advisory" label for this one would love to visit my hometown philadelphia go phils what have you gotten out of being a member of the gogirls community? though i live in japan and as of yet there's no chapter here i've been thinking of starting one, actually , and i can't really fly out to do showcases, i still think gogirls is such a valuable resource. members offered advice when i was planning my tour of l.a. last year, and i even met a few face-to-face while there. what a cool group of chicks more on davina robinson at these sites: madalyn sklar is a music business coach consultant, blogger, social networks expert and author. she has spent over years helping independent musicians and music business professionals achieve greater success in the biz. her motto is: working smarter not harder. she also founded gogirlsmusic.com, the oldest largest online community of indie women musicians. social networks for musicians labels: davina robinson, gogirls interview
__label__math	0.6077	product description : a few companies exist which produce dome shaped structures using materials such as concrete, granite, molded plastic and sheet metal, but has no comparison from the features listed above. a handful of companies manufacture molded fiberglass structures, but none has developed a system comparable to that of domes, which offers interlocking double fiberglass panels containing thermal barrier inlays polyurethane foam insulation and optional foil sandwiched between fiberglass layers and multiple floor plans using modular components. several key features of the molded modular fiberglass structure make it uniquely suited for such applications, including: - no maintenance the fiberglass panels used to construct the house require no painting and do not deteriorate from weather, rot, or insect infestation ; - lower heating and cooling cost the fiberglass panels have insulation built into them and the dome shape reduces by thirty percent the cubic feet of interior air to be heated or cooled, resulting in a r-factor ; - structural strength the curved surface of the panels reduces wind resistance, enabling the house to withstand straight-line winds of 140 miles per hour or more ; - quick construction a fiberglass home can be assembled, erected in one or two days, and finished inside within a period of two or three weeks ; - earthquake resistance the fiberglass panels flex instead of breaking ; - water resistance the fiberglass structure is completely sealed from the ground up ; - portability a fiberglass house can be easily disassembled and relocated to a new site .
__label__non_math	0.9942	bon appetit's may cover recipe. my friend alexis put it nicely when she said the best food come from the simplest of ingredients. case in point above. the recipe calls for pancetta, but prosciutto is practically an identical twin for this purpose. it also called for cream, but i subbed in ricotta to save myself from buying a single purpose ingredient. i ate this before i went out saturday night, so i felt totally justified in eating white pasta...because you know, booze likes that kind of playground. for the leftovers, i portioned it out into two mini-servings and added a grilled chicken breast to each for a well-balanced mid-week lunch.
__label__non_math	0.9997	best take a look at my girlfriend songs the ten best take a look at my girlfriend songs find creative ways to point out the significant others for whom the songs were written. some focus on personality, others on shared experiences, and others on schoolboy-type puppy love. regardless, each song wants everyone within eyeshot to peer at the girl in their lives. - wonderful tonight every time eric slow hands clapton tells his girl that she looks wonderful tonight, he s also nudging the rest of the world to take in the beauty of his beloved. one of the best take a look at my girlfriend songs for slow dancing. - crazy for this girl a cheesy ditty from a one-hit wonder, evan and jaron want all to stop and stare and pay tribute to their love: she was the one to hold me the night the sky fell down and what was i thinking when the world didn t end why didn t i know what i know now? - hey leonardo she likes me for me blessed union of soul had some minor hits throughout the s, but none bigger than the one that name drops a ton of celebrities. how much does buos believe in their mate's attractiveness? they believe she's "phat like cindy crawford." - cherry pie risqu through-and-through, warrant's cherry pie dishes a heaping plateful of naughty. the girl at the center is not only smoking hot, but hot to trot as well: swingin in there cause she wanted me to feed her so i mixed up the batter and she licked the beater. - me my girlfriend if you didn t listen closely to the words, you d never know this was an ode to 2pac s gun, and he wants the whole country to take a look: our first date, couldn't wait to see you naked touch you in every secret place, i can hardly wait to bust freely, got you red hot, you so happy to see me make the front page primetime live on tv. - amazed the only country song on the list of take a look at my girlfriend songs, amazed can touch the hearts of even non-country fans. so in love is the lead singer of lonestar that he falls anew whenever he sees his girl: every time our eyes meet this feeling inside me is almost more than i can take. - the light written for girlfriend erykah badu, the light is one of the sweetest, most honest take a look at my girlfriend songs you can hear. over a slick beat with an infectious hook, common compares his girl to the sun, saying that some dudes recognize the light but can t handle the glare. - her eyes one of the best take a look at my girlfriend songs as well as the most poetic, eyes hails from pat monahan s solo album last of seven. as catchy as it is sentimental, monahan paints a picture of a beautiful woman when he declares in her eyes that s where hope lies where the blue skies meet the sunrise. - u got the look from the purple one s double disc sign o the times in , u got the look is a song that spends most of its runtime playing up the looks of prince s object of affection. what better way to scream, hey, look at my girlfriend than your face is jammin your body s heck-a-slammin if love is good let s get to rammin . - breakfast in america actually, the only way to beat prince is to come right out and say the words, which is exactly what the uk s supertramp does. the references to the girlfriend in question aren t so flattering, and when coupled with the lines about seeing the girls in california, they appear to hint that the band has settled for the best they could get in their home country: take a look at my girlfriend she s the only one i got not much of a girlfriend never seem to get a lot.
__label__non_math	1.0000	i had such a great time meeting simone and her lovely little family simone nailed it with the styling of the clothes, i always explain to families that wearing all black or white tee s is not a good idea, instead work with a color scheme that will create cohesive photos yet still hold distinct personalities in tact. her girls were so dang cute
__label__non_math	1.0000	ace2 adult centers for educational excellence is a training and educational program dedicated to providing educational and workforce training for the citizens of hopkins and muhlenberg counties. three locations that are multi-service facilities in every sense of the word are reaching out to serve their respective communities. raising the level of education in the community increases the quality of the workforce. to provide the training necessary for area residents to become the best trained and certified workforce in high performance companies located in hopkins and muhlenberg counties. people from all walks of life come through the doors of ace2. whether it s the young mom or dad who had to drop out of high school, or the student who just can t get those compass scores up to be admitted to college, or the laid off factory worker who needs to hone his or her skills to change their career direction, ace2 is there to meet all these needs. recognizing each person s individual goals and striving to accomplish those goals, is what our qualified instructors are about. our friendly staff prides itself in one-on-one instruction, for those who need it, so our students don t get lost in the crowd. determining the best form of instruction whether it s individual, internet, classroom, or group instruction is placed in the instructors hands. ace2 is an innovative approach and has a very multi-faceted purpose. come in and talk to us. it won t cost you a thing because all services are free ace2 offers remediation and tutoring to assist students in preparing for:
__label__non_math	0.9999	sunday, join us on the hallowed carp waters of the muzzy lakes club near urbana, ohio for a hour "carp school". andy will meet the group at a.m. and spend about hours going over the "ins-and-outs" of carp on the fly. he will cover topics like: carp history, carp feeding and behavior habits, lake vs. stream fishing, basic equipment, flies and presentation and much more the group will then head to the water for some 1st hand experience some basic equipment -wt fly rod and a few carpy flies are really all you need for this....and a pen and note pad group is limited to anglers and the cost is . a map and further instructions will be provided upon sign-up
__label__non_math	1.0000	-- your source for the latest hardware reviews, previews and more sub-forums: new forum posts excluding webnews -- comments on our published items -- this forum is for user feedback on the madshrimps website and forums, as well as the home of our folding team. sub-forums: tones overclock academy -- everyday hardware software jibbery sub-forums: faq info how-to -- discuss different methods of cooling your pc hardware in order to make your system run faster or quieter -- here you can find advice on overclocking your intel or amd cpu, your ati or nvidia vga. share your case mod projects or ask for help -- if your system is having problems, either hardware or software, you can ask help here -- the madshrimps oc-team.be overclocking team -- anything goes -- post your latest benchmark results in greatest detail here -- sell your soul, and more -- jokes, babes, cars and sports no politics threads: ,686, posts: 222,876, members: ,047, active members: welcome to our newest member, gtksma8
__label__non_math	1.0000	this is a legal tube site that only displays content provided in one of three ways: we buy licenses from content owners and obtain copies of related u.s.c. records; have content to sell? we work with affiliate programs to promote their content and sites by displaying the promotional content they provide with links to their site s and or program; users upload content with the confirmation that they own or have licensed the necessary rights in and to the uploaded content. user-uploaded content is displayed subject in all respects to the requirements of the dmca and our stringent repeat infringer policy. madthumbs members are able to don't forget to check us out on your ipad, iphone, or android
__label__non_math	1.0000	about memphismemphis magazine provides readers everything memphis - every month. each issue of memphis magazine features dining, events, arts culture and much more that is happening in the city of memphis, tennessee. you might also like automatic renewal service: for your convenience, this publication is part of the automatic renewal service. you will receive all the benefits of our automatic renewal program. satisfaction guarantee - cancel at any time reviewed by customers displaying reviews - memphis magazine is one of high quality and great style. memphis is a city of great taste design to quinch any soul throughout the mid south. we in the mid south seek more coverage of stylish wear to promote the city and its outstanding talent. i have been a subscriber to memphis magazine for over years running. to add a little flavor to your monthly magazine, can i suggest going to the youth level and find news about the memphis youth in the memphis city schools, who are up and coming? there was a news story on channel this morning, about five young ladies who attend memphis city schools, who will be presenting a create a personal gift announcement card to send to someone special. you will need a printer connected to the computer in order to print the gift announcement card. if you would prefer to enter your information by hand after printing, just leave these fields blank and select "print gift announcement". other gift options on the review step during checkout, you will have the option to mail a free postcard to the recipient announcing that a gift has been purchased for them. you schedule the date the card will be mailed; send it immediately or hold for perfect timing with a special occasion. egift announcementperfect for last-minute shoppers interested in more gifts? visit the gift center to discover great gift suggestions for everyone on your list.
__label__non_math	0.9995	we're sorry, we couldn't find results for your search: try your search again using these tips: - double check the spelling. try varying the spelling. - limit the search to one or two words. - be less specific in your wording. sometimes a more general term will lead you to the similar products.
__label__non_math	0.8214	this software is excellent and well worth the money spent to buy it. guys you wont be sorry buying this product to backup your movies. i recommend taking both magicdvdripper and copier as bundle. -- gerald excellent product. i am yet to use a dvd ripper so effective and easy to use. -- anuj sehgal excellent program magic dvd ripper is great for everything else. bulletproof in defeating copy protection; good speed on encoding. i've paid for lifetime upgrades and would like to get this working at a higher quality. --- randy steck
__label__non_math	1.0000	what is link building? in order to successfully build your organic empire you first must gain an understanding of proper link building. there are so many ways to add your links on the internet but the key is being successful in generating a high traffic rate. to be recognized you must be aware of your content. a large amount of links direct you to sites that businesses have created with their services and so forth. big deal, what content do you have to offer that is worth their time? think about when you re watching tv and a commercial comes on that interrupts your show. how does this make you feel? it almost feels like you re being deceived or forced to be branded with their ideas and services. what is being said about link building? the internet is contradicting to general advertising because online, people have the ability to express their ideas, opinions and needs. chris anderson once wrote in his book the long tail, most effective web strategies anticipate needs and provide content to meet them, even before people know how to ask. link building is not about deception through spamming and manipulation, more so it is about finding your niche with useful content that benefits the viewer. it s about building your reputation, offering information, and building relationships. the linkbait way of link building is a mindset. to do it well, you need to put thoughts of manipulating the system to one side and focus entirely on providing value to your clients users and making that value easy to link to - guide to linkbaiting- in an article written by adam audette he expressed that, linking is a communication and citation signal inherent to the web. links reflect contribution, value, relevance and influence. if you want a scalable solution for building high-quality links, then provide solid value and contributions to your market, industry and community. if you do, the links will come with hard work. he goes on by explaining that link building is for two primary audiences; people and search engines. finding the balance of the two is the key for success. you can combine logical placement with creative informative content. link-building can simply be defined as the practice of requesting links from webmasters of other sites for the purpose of increasing your link popularity and or page rank. google rates you by the company you keep nowadays, so it is even more important that your company website holds valuable content. link exchanges and other shady business directories across the web have the ability to pull your ranking down as they may also be linked inappropriate content. to avoid this we simply need to be mindful of where we are posting our ads and link content by fully understanding the sites we engage our time and investments into. getting accounts on the top rated social networks and of course backpage, craigslist, yahoo, google maps, etc, will all substantially increase the amount of times your company name and web address is repeated. how we set up our pages, text and links on each account needs to be consistent and geared toward the respective keywords we are targeting to optimize our chances of getting leads and of course better our organic listings. where can i add my links? here are just a few examples example of websites and groups you can be involved in to build your links. blogs: as a company it is essential to write your own blogs and integrate them into your website. blog integration is very popular for businesses because it allows them to provide legitimate information to their clients and potential clients and gain a reputation and authority in industry leadership. make comments on the top rated blogs. for example mashable requires you to sign in through disqus to comment on articles. because mashable is ranked so highly for social media on google, it is a very valuable site to drop a few links to gain traffic. disqus allows you to upload a picture or company logo and provide a link to your website. if someone likes what you have to say in your comment, then your products and services are one click away. when adding your anchor text it is always important to use keywords that are relevant to your site. here is a great article about including keywords in your blog post titles. forums: forums are great places for you to really connect with your community. you can post discussions, ask questions, answer questions and etc. a good example of this would be a website called startups. this a site designed for new business owners to share and ask for advice. online journals magazines: this is a great place for companies to build their authority with their links. i work for a website design company in dallas and i want to find a journal related to my topic to exchange or build links with. where do i start? well, i would want to visit something similar to fastcompany. this is a great place to read and comment on articles related to technology, design, leadership, and more. when you join the site you can create a business profile as well as an internet business card. this ensures that when you read a comment you have a better understanding of who is providing the content behind the words. social media: when i finish my article here i will most likely share it with friends on my facebook, my twitter, and my linkedin. when you write great content, share it with your fans and friends. link your networks together, include your links in your content, then you will be on your way to increasing your traffic. however, there is one thing to consider, and that is the large amount of social media sites in existence. one good strategy is finding out where your competition is and build your presence right beside them. you can even network with them. with thousands of social media sites don t waste your time signing up for everyone single one. all that will get you is wasted time and a decrease in traffic. read the latest articles written about social media and keep up to date with the industry. social media is a wonderful way to connect and grow your network. who said companies cannot be social? they are made up of wonderful intellectual people, filled with innovative ideas and experience. social media allows an awaking within business communities to revolutionize and redefine their industries. directories: businesses of all kinds need to list their businesses in directories. business directories list information about businesses such as location, product and services, contact information, reviews, and etc. businesses are then categorized in accordance to their information provided. there are multitudes of directories; however some of the more relevant ones hold a higher value than others. business directories are great for seo and allow business to include their business website links within their information. some popular examples are yellow pages, google directory, yahoo directory, and the dmoz. social bookmarking sites: three very popular sites include; digg, del.icio.us, and stumbleupon. social bookmarking is another way to gain link popularity. this allows users to add websites, articles, blogs, and etc to their favorites list. these sites will organize the sites under different categories and keep them in one nice location. with social bookmarking you are able to add your blog and websites, add friends and see their bookmarks, and keep track of your own resources that you find helpful. gaining popularity on these sites can be very beneficial to your reputation. the more people that bookmark your site blog, the more likely you will receive a higher ranking. with more view s, you gain more traffic. i find social bookmarking very beneficial when it comes to gaining and sharing resources from other people. remember, it is not only about you, but helping others gain popularity as well. you can gain exposure by sharing more sites with others, making comments, and writing good content worth bookmarking. link building conclusion as you may have figured out already, link building is quite a task in itself. with organic seo you are bound to come across some time constraints and frustration. if you would like magic logix to assist your company you can view more details by visiting the online marketing page of our website. magic logix can offer you internet packages that include anything from integrated social networking, email marketing, pay-per-click campaigns, to online reputation management. we can construct a top rank website for your company through website design, website development, and online marketing. in today s day and age you do not want to be left behind in the dust by your competitors due to a poorly designed website, rarely visible to search engines. get your name out there so the world can know what your business has to offer magic logix is an award winning dallas website design company in texas that offers website development through our ecommerce services, open source web development, blog integration and blog customization, social networking websites development; and internet marketing solutions through our internet marketing packages, integrated social networking, email marketing management, etc learn more about us
__label__non_math	0.9996	when you buy a copy of magic members, you will receive a detailed documentation file about the features of the membership plugin. create my membership site service if you don t have time to create your membership site, our expert team can do it for you. you can find all your answers about magic members plugin in our comprehensive faq. once you ve downloaded the file after your purchase, just unzip it on your hard drive and then upload the magicmembers folder to your plugins folder. since we have the large number of customers, we can only provide support for all magic members related inquiries. we can t provide general wordpress support that isn t related to our products. for general wordpress support you will have to use we don t offer customization for the plugin. we understand that you may inquire about hiring someone to help you setup or modify your membership site that uses magic members. here re our approved partners who will be able to help accordingly. magic members partners; most importantly, we are here for you. knowledgeable and friendly support team is available to you monday friday, a.m. p.m. est . it is very important to us that you are able to get your membership site up and running quickly and smoothly, so strive to answer your questions within hours.
__label__non_math	1.0000	visit my colors to: have an account?sign in to see your colors click next to a design to add it to your favorites. have an account?sign in to see your favorites see the colors. feel the texture. experience the quality feel the quality with free samples or see your colors by ordering just one get exclusive discounts more
__label__non_math	1.0000	visit my colors to: have an account?sign in to see your colors click next to a design to add it to your favorites. have an account?sign in to see your favorites see the colors. feel the texture. experience the quality feel the quality with free samples quality guaranteed get exclusive discounts more
__label__non_math	1.0000	magnums.net. . return exchange policy magnums wants you to be completely satisfied with your purchases. if within days of receipt of your order, you are not positively satisfied, you may exchange it or return it for a full refund. the full cost of the return item will be refunded, excluding any shipping, handling, and or gift wrapping costs. refunds are made in the original form of payment. please note that purchases made in our clearance center and personalized items are non-returnable. magnums will gladly accept the return of new and unused merchandise with any original packaging in tact i.e. tags, watch jewelry boxes, etc . be sure to enclose your completed easy return form with your merchandise and insure the package for the full purchase price. the form may be found in all packages shipped by magnums, or you can feel free to download and print your own copy. you may send the package via your shipping method of choice to:magnums.net main street port washington, ny if you would like magnums.net to supply you with a ups return label, kindly contact us at email, or at 888-321-. otherwise, feel free to use the carrier of your choice and be sure to insure your package for the full value of the item s . save money and use the ups return label to return your package via ups. simply attach the ups return label to your return package and bring it to any ups drop-off location. you won't pay for return shipping up front; instead, a discounted shipping charge of .will be deducted from your return upon processing. additional fees may apply for oversized packages, and packages being shipped from alaska and hawaii. you may also make a return to our boutique in new york. returns and exchanges are processed within business days of receipt of the merchandise. if an exchange is made and there is a difference in price between the original and new item, the credit card that we have on file will either be credited or debited accordingly. please allow up to business days for your credit to be posted. free shipping policyshipping policy fees most orders are shipped within -business days. in the event your order cannot be filled in that time frame, you will be contacted immediately via email and or phone. orders will be shipped pending credit approval. magnums will not charge your credit card until your order is ready to be shipped. cut-off time for overnight shipping is est. magnums is proud to offer free shipping on all orders over shipped to the continental us orders over orders under additional shipping options international shipping options high value purchases over ,000 and orders being shipped to apartment international shipping policy magnums is proud to offer international shipping via ups or us postal service to a number of countries. typical transit time is between -business days; however, occasionally items can experience customs delays of up to several weeks. unfortunately, for this reason, delivery dates cannot be guaranteed and in transit tracking cannot be provided, we can only confirm delivery. please note: for security purposes, billing and shipping addresses must match on international orders. please note: the recipient of international packages is responsible for any taxes, duties, and or customs fees incurred while doing business with magnums.net. if you have any questions, please contact the customs department of your home country. all prices on our site are listed in us dollars, and are charged in us dollars. the actual amount you will pay is determined by the bank issuer, and generally reflects the current exchange rates. for your convenience, please visit the following web site for a free exchange rate calculation due to the high costs of conducting international business, all international sales are final. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. if you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to email or call toll free at 888.321., or locally at 516.767..
__label__non_math	0.9988	magpul dynamics is a training company with a curriculum focused on military, law enforcement, private sector professional, and armed citizen skill sets in the use of firearms. using its expert team of instructors with extensive real-world experience in military activities across the globe and law enforcement activities on the home front, magpul dynamics delivers skill-building courses for students ranging from novice to advanced. prioritizing reality, consistency, and efficiency in mindset, marksmanship, manipulations and movement, courses include everything from basic firearms skills to force on force and airborne operations. every curriculum at magpul dynamics is focused on developing the skill sets required for peak performance under stress and the real-world considerations of armed conflict. as a wholly-owned subsidiary of magpul industries corp., magpul dynamics plays a crucial role in the research, development, and evaluation of magpul products. by communicating with targeted end users and testing current and developmental equipment in real world environments, magpul is able to leverage this expertise and deliver mission-driven gear that performs up to the standards our customers expect. gear should be dictated by tactics and employment, not the other way around. magpul dynamics is dedicated to providing and evaluating solutions to aid how we need to fight, not to define the fight around hardware. check out the mission page for more information on magpul dynamics, learn about the course options in training, check the schedule, and get signed up for a dynamics course today. to host magpul dynamics at your facility, go to:
__label__non_math	0.9963	geronti kikodze's brief article which appeared in the sakartvelo newspaper in deals with significant political developments of that period. the author discusses the issues of self-governance in georgia, the process of nationalization of schools, the autocephaly of the georgian church and, especially, the formation of the georgian army. geronti kikodze refers to the experience of other countries in justifying the necessity of creating the georgian national armed forces. by means of succinct and convincing reasoning, he concludes that the building of a georgian army is an urgent and historical task as georgia is located right on the highway and this highway needs a permanent army to defend the country from continuous offensives of the enemies . the author also sees the benefit of the formation of a national army in fostering among young georgians perseverance, a sense of solidarity and selflessness - the qualities that would be of great benefit to the country. this article echoes with the current political situation and life in our country and, therefore, we felt it was very timely to have it published according to the information received from petrograd, the provisional government has given permission to form the georgian national army from the military units that are now scattered in different regions of the country. this decree will be the source of great joy to the georgian people. after the nationalization of schools and gaining autocephaly of the georgian church, this is another decisive step that georgia is taking toward its national self-governance. by its true importance, this third step surpasses the former two. this is particularly so given today's compelling circumstances. the war has once again proved the old truth that a weak person is always under the threat from a strong one, that in a human society there is no means for protecting oneself other than with real force. today, this is recognized by all. not everybody in this country, however, has the courage and determination to acknowledge the close link between the contemporary culture and the national army, as ninety-three german scientists, men of letters and artists have done. had we not had an army, our civilization would have been destroyed long ago, the german intellectuals declared. militarism in our homeland was born to protect the culture that is threatened by numerous new assaults in the next centuries. our people and our army are one. if great germany says this, what can little georgia then say? indeed, our country stands right on the highway and this highway needs a permanent defender to prevent intruders of all stripes from trespassing it. lately, however, as the detachments composed of georgian soldiers defended the fortresses of warsaw and riga, marauders looted the laurel-covered valleys of kvemo achara and livani, where brigands from the mountains plundered the villages of kakheti and khevsureti. we can only hope that such an impudence will be brought to an end when an armed georgian soldier will be standing close to the georgian hearth. the ideologists of militarism maintain that the modern army is the school where a person learns perseverance and acquires firmness of resolve. he develops the sense of solidarity and selflessness. modern russian barracks have led to the deaths of georgian soldiers rather than contributed to their development. the physical and moral atmosphere of the frosty russia has been totally unfit for the georgian young men and our soldiers came back from the military service with nothing but worn-out clothes, tuberculosis and syphilis. undoubtedly, the formation of a georgian army has a significant moral value. the poor and illiterate part of the georgian population has a distorted view of the national self-governance. very often, they regard it as a step back. this could be explained in part by the fact that the idea of georgia's autonomy has until now existed as an abstract notion. the national school and the national army will inspire in the georgian people the love for an autonomous institution. they will be able to see with their own eyes that national self-governance is neither slavery nor serfdom, but their very denial. this experience will prompt them to make a conclusion, which the long-term ideological propaganda has dismally failed to produce. "sakartvelo" newspaper, .
__label__non_math	0.9989	munich ap lionel messi has sent a signed barcelona shirt to former bayern munich striker gerd mueller, whose scoring record he broke last year. bayern released a photograph thursday with mueller holding the shirt. messi wrote on the shirt: "to gerd mueller, with respect and admiration, a hug." messi scored goals last year, breaking mueller's -year-old record. mueller scored goals in . messi received a record fourth fifa player of the year award earlier this month.
__label__non_math	0.9990	few countries exude the magic of wintertime more than the alpine paradise of switzerland, where snow-capped mountains, cosy wooden chalets, and colourful towns and villages create a marvellous festive atmosphere for the perfect pre-christmas break....from 379 st. petersburg has to be one of the world s must see destinations. the imperial capital of the tsars was founded in by peter the great. the majestic boulevards and splendid baroque buildings, threaded by winding canals and...from 959 kitzb hel is a truly breath-taking small medieval town in the austrian tyrol. it is set at a junction of broad, pretty valleys, among partly wooded mountains in the kitzb hel alps. based in the five-star schlosshotel lebenberg,...from 859 sometimes, your perfect holiday does not exist in a brochure or package. it exists in your head: a dream getaway that you have imagined down to the final detail. we understand that feeling and know that planning the ideal break is about convenience and flexibility. so here, here we give you the chance to create the precise holiday you are seeking, letting you combine the flights and the hotel of your choice and, if you require, add any other extras. simply click search to see up to date pricing and availability.
__label__non_math	0.9892	eugene cassie harberts and ariya crook scored points apiece to lead usc over oregon -on sunday. alexyz vaioletama had points, and brianna barrett had points and nine assists for the trojans -, -pac- . christina marinacci had rebounds and seven points. usc led -at halftime and never trailed in the second half, but the ducks tied the game three times in the final minutes. oregon shot percent from the field for the game compared with just percent for usc and outrebounded the trojans -. oregon committed turnovers, which usc converted to points. amanda delgado and ariel thomas scored points apiece for oregon -, - . thomas also had seven assists. jillian alleyne had nine points and rebounds. no. ucla , oregon state at corvallis, alyssia brewer scored points and grabbed eight rebounds to lead no. ucla. brewer was of from the field for the bruins -, -pac- . atonye nyingifa scored points and markel walker had . oregon state led -at halftime. oregon state shot .percent from the field for the game, while ucla shot percent. but the beavers had turnovers. ali gibson led oregon state with points, and jamie weisner had points. alyssa martin had . deven hunter had nine points and a team-high nine rebounds for the beavers -, - . ucla has won the last eight meetings against oregon state.
__label__non_math	0.7701	when you work on introducing a new technology to a population and region, you discover lots of intriguing impediments to that introduction that you d never have imagined. yesterday the maine fuel board voted to allow maine energy systems to engage in an emerging technologies project with them that might lead to elimination of one of those impediments for the pellet central heating industry in the state of maine. maine is unique in its licensure of technicians for solid fuels. in maine a person installing a boiler must have solid fuel authority on his license to legally install a solid fuel boiler in someone else s building. it s a bit more complicated than that, but let s avoid the levels of license detail. the need for this rule apparently arose from three potential hazards associated with solid fuel boilers: the possibility for a thermal run-away during a power outage as combustion continues on a load of fuel while circulation fails due to lack of power, high chimney temperatures, and high boiler surface temperatures. as highly sophisticated automatic pellet boilers made their way into the american market, they were defined in maine as solid fuel appliances because pellets are solid. while that seems innocent and logical enough, the categorization has one substantial flaw and it creates one significant impediment to product growth in the marketplace. state-of-the-art pellet boilers display none of the attributes that led to the perceived need for solid fuel rules in maine. the rules were devised for cordwood boilers and coal stoker boilers that can hold a significant charge of fuel at any given time. the combustion of that fuel is relatively uncontrolled. pellet boilers burn a very small quantity of fuel at any given time, and the combustion of that fuel is highly controlled. combustion stops almost immediately if the power goes out, hence, no excessive heat can be produced during a power outage. cordwood boilers and coal stoker boilers can produce very high stack temperatures. the exhaust gas temperatures from state-of-the-art pellet boilers are very much like those of modern oil boilers. in fact these boilers are so efficient, the stack gas temperature is often quite cool, 250f, or so, but it never exceeds 400f. therefore, high chimney temperatures never occur. old cordwood and coal stoker boilers could develop high surface temperatures making installed distance from combustible surfaces important. the surface temperature of these state-of-the-art pellet boilers is the same as the temperature of the room. the heat exchangers are extremely well insulated to achieve the desired efficiencies. so, the worry about proximity of flammable materials due to high boiler surface temperatures is not justified with these boilers. because these highly sophisticated boilers are lumped in the same category as cordwood boilers and coal stoker boilers, solid fuel license holders must install them in maine. there are many fewer solid fuel license holders than ordinary oil license holders, so scheduling boiler installations in this rapidly growing segment is very challenging in the busy times of the year. other busy technicians find it hard to justify studying for a test that focuses generally on boilers they ll never see, so they re not inclined to prepare for the solid fuel test to install pellet boilers as they re just beginning to make a mark on the marketplace. the emerging technologies project on , the maine fuel board approved a request made by maine energy systems for a year long project intended to confirm the company s assertion that their boilers, and those similar to them, can be installed by oil boiler license holders who have been suitably trained in the differences between pellet boilers and oil boilers. this is great news for the pellet industry in maine as the state s boiler inspectors will inspect some, or all, of these installations and, thereby, become much more familiar with these sorts of systems. if the project leads to the anticipated conclusion, the request to re-categorize the boilers for licensure requirement purposes should be reasonably received. we have little doubt that the project will reach successful conclusion as these very same boilers are installed throughout the northeast by the same technicians who install oil boilers and who have been trained at maine energy systems in fuel handling and burner adjustment. in the meantime, maine energy systems will be training oil boiler technicians in the installation of their equipment to ensure that all who choose to install the mesys autopellet boiler can do it this heating season on a schedule that works for them. dutch dresser is the managing director of maine energy systems in bethel, maine.
__label__non_math	0.9999	culture that endures in , saint dominic s, the third oldest catholic church serving catholics since the 1820s in the state and the home to the largest irish catholic parish north of boston was closed by the catholic ...read more our stately, majestic building is a perfect venue for your unforgettable wedding day. the upper level s former sanctuary spectacular foot cathedral ceilings, wooden pews, beautiful stained glass windows...read more mihc is home to the irish american club, its founding partner, a company of girls, and the claddagh mohr pipe band. the center is affiliated with the ancient order of hibernians, the portland...read more one picture is worth a thousand words we are command central for everything irish in portland maine and the surrounding communities. learn more...
__label__non_math	1.0000	photo credit: memphiszombies.com the weekend is coming memorial day holiday: the main street journal will take the memorial day weekend off and will return to regular updating on tuesday. have a safe holiday. transition planning commission: they will recommend blending several sources of security for the unified school district. memphis budget struggle: the budget committee meets one more time, the day after memorial day, before the full council will vote on their recommendation. more on the possibility of revenue-producing speed cameras in memphis. memphis city council: the flyer interviews councilman shea flinn about his proposed adult entertainment district. councilman edmund ford jr s auto inspection plan is causing strain between the city and county. memphis city schools: the two fledgling rocket scientists at wooddale high school wesley carter and darius hooker rated an article in the atlantic. ut coach pat summit: she will be honored this tuesday at the white house with a president medal of freedom. germantown: former town prosecutor joe lee wyatt has pleaded guilty to a reckless driving charge but a harsher dui charge was dismissed. city of memphis: the city has formed a transportation commission to deal with vehicles for hire, and the complaints they draw. mississippi: desoto county republican state senator merle flowers is stepping down from office; more. paid parking is coming to the square in oxford. the tupelo school system chose abstinence-only sex education. a man who was recommended for one of ex-governor haley barbour s controversial pardons, harry bostick, has re-offended, on similar charges. politics: the flyer s jackson baker wonders if harold ford jr is still a player. the tennessee plan is dead at least for now. a report on the third congressional district debate this week. former congressmen john tanner and bart gordon are now lobbyists levitt shell: the kick-off concert for the 75th anniversary season portends another great year. nashville: mayor karl dean has finalised his largest budget for building projects, million. more on this from the nashville city paper, the tennessean. the metro police chief says 200 budget cut-mandated jobs cuts would be devastating . city taxi, limousine and wrecker services inspectors will get diversity training after one inspector s remarks. mlg w: their customers pay the third-lowest residential rates in the nation. collierville: the board of mayor and aldermen voted to schedule a vote on forming a municipal school district. code orange alerts: summer is here with a vengeance as chattanooga goes under an alert friday. no word at posting time about memphis, but be prepared. tell your friends you read it here: internet exclusive unemployment: the rate continues to drop for the memphis metro area, to . . memphis proper saw her unemployment fall to .percent, an almost percent drop presidential race: debate boils on in the african-american community over president barack obama s gay marriage stance. millington: more on the lack of security at the federal minimum security prison camp. tennessee: next week county sheriffs across the state will take part in a massive dui checkpoint research project. a lot of citizens are awaiting the new law allowing the expunging of non-violenct felonies for 750 million a year. knoxville: the us supreme court ruled there will be no new trials for the people convicted in the murders of channon christian and christopher newsom, where the judge admitted to a prescription drug addiction. a sevier county court clerk avoided jail time after being caught stealing from the county. trayvoning : the new internet trend is to post pictures re-enacting the attack on and death of trayvon martin. organ transplants: some background and definitions from the tri-state defender to help understand the organ transplant row now underway. desoto county: southaven mayor greg davis is back from las vegas. concerned citizens of southaven is defending the mayor s trip; more from abc24. multiple graduations will have traffic backed up around the landers civic center this weekend. hernando will get a small state grant to boost its curbside recycling program. blight: the property owner of the executive inn, near the airport, has been strong-armed into much-needed basic maintenance on the abandoned property. loeb properties and the memphis college of art are collaborating to dress up some of their buildings in midtown. mo money taxes: the company is now fighting multi-state lawsuits. business: memphis is a stop, this sunday, on the bet awards next big music star mobile tour; more in the ca. delta air lines: the ninth district congressional political race move to a strange new forum on thursday: the facebook page for delta does memphis. link. requires facebook login. us representative steve cohen and his primary challenger, tomeka hart, posted to the facebook discussion. cohen defended his commitment to lower airfares when called out by hart. cohen says the industry must be re-regulated in order to force competition, and lower prices on tickets. the greater memphis chamber of commerce and the convention and visitors bureau also started their own facebook page. shelby farms: a rash of auto break-ins has been reported. picture of the day opinion and blogs weeden arts watch: john is, after years, retiring his blog. brenda wood: the former wmc anchor has thoughts on desmond hatchett, the knoxville man who fathered children. via atlanta s 11alive wxia chattanooga free press: noting the obama administration s hostility to expressions of faith. jackson sun: many non-profits depend on support from city and county governments. sean phipps: five ways to make brief conversations with strangers enjoyably awkward. via nooga.com rikki hall: greed s tentacles have grabbed governor bill haslam and his pro-business administration. via the knoxville metro pulse frank cagle: we live in an age of manufactured, outsourced, faux protests. via the knoxville metro pulse flyer: why does memphis put up with delta s behavior, bad enough to cause a reaction from angry flyers on facebook, if we re supposed to be a hub? joe spake s daily buzz: the rest of the day s news, from all sorts of eclectic places. dr tim moore: seven points to remember before you eat yourself into oblivion. via the tri-state defender lucy shaw: advice on dealing with a friend who is dying of cancer. via the tri-state defender memphasis: his message to delta air lines and the memphis international airport is, straighten up and fly right fundraising: the first in a three-part series on grassroots fundraising. via the daily news mayor a c wharton: memphis must adopt long-range planning and funding, instead of the year-by-year fixes we ve settle for. via the commercial appeal geoff calkins: lauding the community achievement at soulsville charter school. via the commercial appeal
__label__math	0.9611	the curriculum module in the m-pathways student administration system supports the capture and maintenance of data related to the courses and classes available at the university of michigan. the office of the registrar is responsible for the maintenance of course information. a "course" is that content which is proposed by faculty or departments, approved through the unit curriculum process, and entered into the system for units to build classes upon e.g., math 101 or political science 401 . department curriculum administrators use m-pathways to review both general course information and specific information about classes each term. departments maintain data about classes directly in m-pathways. a "class" is an offering of a course for a specific term e.g., math 101, section , for fall term . schools, colleges, and departments use the curriculum module to: some departments use m-pathways to schedule events other than classes. this functionality is currently being used by the registrar's office and college of engineering only. m-pathways event scheduling lets users: within its, the curriculum module is supported by the student administration system division.
__label__non_math	0.9911	all measurements are in inches in this garment should fit customers in the sizes listed below. please note: measurements provided are of a partially stretched shirt. this item is form fitting and snug to the body. if a looser fitting shirt is desired, we recommend going up a size or two depending on the desired fit. get exclusive coupons new product updates powered by fanatics retail group
__label__non_math	0.5870	do you have a suggestion that will improve this page? we would love to hear it. please complete all required fields. there was an error sending your message. please try again. thank you for your feedback. forgot your password? this tool generates unique charts that are rarely seen outside of r d labs of the best search engines out there: it shows backlink discovery by month. sites to compare: use fresh index: use historic index: login register free account to compare up to domains and see another chart showing growth in unique referring domains this is more reliable as sometimes a lot of backlinks can come from a single domain that can skew backlinks view
__label__non_math	0.9987	you re a maker. your project could be a piece of furniture, a part for a new energy innovation, a cool art project or an idea for emergency housing. it might be a part for a personal project or a product for a business. you might be able to fabricate many of the pieces yourself, but some projects or components require a level of precision or efficiency that you just can't achieve with the tools, time or other resources that you have available. 100k garages is a community of workshops located all around the world, run by fabbers with digital fabrication tools for precisely cutting, machining, drilling or sculpting components for your projects. it s a quick and easy way to find and collaborate with local fabbers to get something made exactly the way you want it. "this is going to be huge once it catches on i can t wait "this really does change everything." lloyd alter, treehugger.com 100k garages is a and partnership.
__label__non_math	0.9996	thiruvananthapuram abu dhabi oman air flight tickets about thiruvananthapuram trv being a capital city of kerala, it is the headquarters of the thiruvananthapuram district. it is situated on the west coast of india near the extreme south region of the mainland. this city is referred as the evergreen city of india by mahatma gandhi. the city is distinguished by its wavy terrain of low coastal hills and active commercial alleyway. thiruvananthapuram is the largest and the most populous city of kerala. it is an information technology hub of kerala with more than of the state's software exports. the city is built on hills by the sea shore and intermediated between the western ghats and the arabian sea. it is ranked as the first by the number of foreign tourists visiting kerala. being the most fascinating destination for holidaymakers, one can do lots of fun altogether. the city witnesses a tropical climate and it does not experience definite seasons. its maximum temperature is almost c and minimum temperature is c. the city experiences high humidity, and it rises to almost during the monsoon weather. it is a historic city, dotted with numerous historical structures, parks, museums, tourist centres and palaces. it is also famous for its distinctive greenery. most of the tourists come at this place just to regain the serenity of the soul, as the verdant surroundings exudes tranquillity. some of the major tourist attractions of thiruvananthapuram are like sri padmanabhaswamy temple, ramanayar palace museum, kuthiramallikka palace, the kerala government secretariat,the napier museum, keralan museum, sree chithra art gallery, the zoological park,kerala legislature assembly complex, kanaka kunnu palace, priyadarshini space planetarium, kerala science and technology museum, chacha nehru children's museum, shanghumukham beach, veli tourist village, the padmanabhapuram palace,koyikkal palace, nedumangad, aruvikkara dam, neyyar dam, peppara wildlife sanctuary, ponmudi, sreemahadeva temple, vizhinjam and so on. makemytrip.com is a leading online travel portal where you can do online air ticket booking. you just need to follow few simple steps to book your air tickets online. get huge discounts on each air ticket and make a plan for budget-friendly trip with family and friends. so, make a plan for wonderful trip with family in thiruvananthapuram. thiruvananthapuram airport addresstrivandrum international airport trivandrum international airport thiruvananthapuram - 695 008 kerala tel: 471 about abu dhabi auh lack of traffic, large gardens, splendid parks and long streets, these are the beauties of abu dhabi. being the federal capital of the united arab emirates, abu dhabi is one of the modern and fast developing cities in the world. the city is also the hub of united arab emirates's government. the city gives a beautiful picture of historical and cultural values. moving in and around the city, you will see the architectural beauties in the way of historical building, mosques and sky-touching malls. the city looks quite vibrant and happening throughout the year. travellers across the world come here and find this metropolis better than dubai. there are quite a good number of worth visiting places where you can go and enjoy the real charm of this magnificent city. the most popular attraction of abu dhabi is sheikh zayed mosque. it is considered as the 6th largest mosque on the map of the world. the mosque is a symbol of real beauty and incredible art. the entry into sheikh zayed mosque is restricted for non-muslims. some of the other popular places are corniche, flagpole, khalifa park and the abu dhabi cultural centre. apart from all these places, there are some upcoming projects in line-up as saadiyat island, yas island and lulu islands. if you visit abu dhabi, then don't miss the chance to enjoy the pleasure of swimming in private clubs. the best thing which will you find about abu dhabi is its camel race. it's a sheer pleasure to watch it. the festival time is also the best time to pay a visit here. if you love roller-coaster ride on the sands then enjoy desert safari or dune bashing. the months of november to march are considered as the best time to visit abu dhabi. you will also find world' largest and biggest hotels with ultra-modern amenities here. so, enjoy a fabulous time in abu dhabi with your near and dear ones. to book your air tickets to abu dhabi, you can simply log onto make mytrip.com where you can also get attractive discounts on your group booking. you can also look for special abu dhabi tour packages on this dedicated portal. a professional customer care team of makemytrip will solve all your tour related queries. abu dhabi airport addressabu dhabi international airport tel: 575 about oman air oman air wy is the official carrier of oman. owned by the government of oman, oman air is a business venture with fundamental objective to offer safe, authentic and cost-effective air travel services to passengers, cargo and other aviation services. apart from being famous for its strong business presence, oman flights are known worldwide for their professionalism, punctuality and excellent services. oman air has its base at muscat international airport in muscat. the airline operates both domestic and international flight services, along with charter flights and regional air taxi service. the airline is also a member of arab air carriers organisation. oman air has recently become the first airline in the world that offers sms, mobile phone calling, and wi-fi internet services on some selected routes.
__label__non_math	0.9881	if i have to make a choice between losing my wallet or phone, i will choose the former because my phone holds much more precious data han the amount of money i regularly put in my wallet. to me, losing my phone tablet laptop is equally disastrous. what about you? which of the followiing would be the most disastrous to lose? feel free to add your own comments below. receive the latest update in your inbox.
__label__non_math	0.9958	i am an avid buyer of the nars laguna bronzer for awhile and i love. it's expensive and runs out quickly but is the perfect find for contouring and seems to match even my fair skin tone though it comes in one color. as for the orgasm blush, i love the color. however, i prefer buying it in the stick version because of it's dewier finish and also stays on better through out the day. either way got lots of compliments while wearing both those people who think the elf one is exactly the same are so wrong why pay dollars when u can go get a dollar one from elf. same exact products no difference guys ur paying for the name not the use, dont buy it just getting into using the more expensive makeup, i'm used to drugstore makeup anything by physicans formula. well imagine my surprise after deciding to try this as a first step in my new makeup kit. i absolutely love the way it looks on me after hearing like everybody talk about the orgasm blush and the laguna bronzer i finally decided to buy the duo. i honestly think i made a bad decision. the product alone is amazing. it's very light feeling and build-able which i love. but i think i got the wrong shade of bronzer. i probably should have gone with the sin casino duo. i really love dark dark bronzers and being a little cent sally's girl bronzer i bought did more for me than laguna. even though it is a build-able product i just wasn't getting the color i wanted.. instead i was getting this weird orange tint. it does however photograph really well i am an nc30 or light deauville in nars foundation and this duo is great for my skin tone. laguna's a perfect bronzer or contour for a light, neutral skin tone but it's probably not dark enough for anyone with medium or darker skin. orgasm is a lovely, flattering shade, but i did have some problems. when i first started using orgasm, i found that it made my cheeks look like they had tiny pimples all over them. i don't have perfect skin, but i never break out on my cheeks. i ditched a rather old, rather mediocre cheek brush and i bought a high quality real hair cheek brush. now when i apply the blush, i work the product into my skin with small, buffing circles. not only has that eliminated the appearance of those unsightly bumps, but the blush looks even better when it's really worked into the skin i'm a woman of color with nc44 skin, yellow-toned. laguna does not show up on me at all orgasm is nice, but not a huge step up from the jane blushes i normally use. overall, meh. i've been wanting to buy this for awhile and even bought its cheaper dupe from e.l.f. but to be honest, i felt the e.l.f. one was a bit ... much. the colours were nice but just not for everyday wear. back to the nars duo, i finally decided to splurge and on my nc25ish skin, it gives a very nice subtle glow to my skin. the bronzer is a very natural looking matte colour and the blush is a lovely peachy colour that is quite shimmery when you swatch it but when i apply it on my cheeks, it's not very shimmery at all. i love the packaging of this product and it is especially great for travel because it contains both blush and bronzer and comes with a nice mirror as well. at by itself. the full-sized bronzer is .28oz vs the .16oz in this duo, but the bronzer is usually on itself so i think if these are your colours, it's a good value. i would buy laguna again in the full size, but i already have peechykeen in mac that i think is similar to orgasm. at sephora. no smell. laguna i didnt think would be good on me because it looks very dirty when swatched but it looks so beautiful. the shimmer isnt too noticeable and the pigment is great. i like how with the duo i could try both products and i did like them both. its a great way to get people to buy the full amount product. orgasm is a peachy-pink colour with a gold shimmer in it that isnt too big either. it is flattering aswell when i put it on. i am nc35 skin tone in mac. black nars compact with a mirror in it. i was never planning on buying this, but got it on clearance for i love it. the bronzer fits my skin tone perfectly, and the golden shimmer in the blush looks great on camera.
__label__non_math	0.9955	i love this lipglass this was defintily on the more pricey side but sooo worth it this is a must have. very shiny, yes it's a little on the thick side but its still good stuff. pull your hair back or it will get stuck in ur gloss. this gloss is good with a lip liner, worn alone or worn over a lipstick. super sticky i actually bought this to use as a lip treatment, not a beauty item. i have chronic dry lips and nothing moisturizes them like a lipglass, so i figured i'd get this for when i don't feel like any color. it's very thick emollient, and forms a barrier on my lips. it's so moisturizing that it seems to make my lips look plumper, if you can believe that. it lasts a good long time too. i like this gloss a lot, but i do think it could be improved upon just a little bit. . it needs the same vanilla flavor that the rest of their lip products have. that's one of the main things i love about mac lip stuff i was really disappointed to find it absent in this gloss. . i think it could stand to be even stickier. yes, i said that. i love a good sticky lip gloss. if my lips stick shut when i smack them together, then i'm happy. this needs to be dazzleglass-sticky, imo. it's pretty damn sticky, don't get me wrong, but it's still a bit too gel-like for my tastes. good stuff though. a bit pricey, but it's a quality product the tube is a whole half-ounce, so it'll last for ages. not crazy about the tube though. don't store this upside down in your purse or else it could ooze out when you uncap it. i think lipglass is one of those love or hate type items. i would say that i tend to lean more towards the hate side of this product. i love the shine that it provides, but the stickiness just ruins it for me. if you are single and have zero chance of coming in contact with a man, then maybe the sticky factor can be overcome, but my hubby hates this gloss okay, if you're looking for a simple clear gloss to wear daily, she's not the one. she's sticky, extremely shiny, and on the expensive side. there are drugstore brands that give a nice sheen without looking like you're wearing plastic on your lips. however, for parties, for photoshoots, or for even putting on your eyelid for a picture over eyeshadow the glossy look haha , this is surprisingly ideal. i wouldn't repurchase since i use it maybe once or twice a month, and there's a lot left. i've had it for about two years now. i absolutely loathe this lip gloss. in fact i loathe the entire mac lip glass line. its probably the most sticky lip gloss on the market and its very very very shiny. i personally think super shiny lips are tacky but thats just me. i personally love sticky lip glosses. so i am very happy with this gloss, it gives incredible shine to the lips and i use it with pigments to. definitely would repurchase again.
__label__non_math	0.9551	age: -skin: acne-prone, fair-medium hair: brunette eyes: other bought this for . i tried it and loved it, i'm a sucker for liquid liners. especially the felt tip kind. the only flaw was having it come out perfect after one try. i will get it had to get used to the tip i'm used to using a brush for it. would recommend for the cost and long lasting. age: under skin: dry, fair-medium hair: black eyes: brown the reason why i bought this eyeliner was because i wanted a replacement for my loreal lineur intense which had a felt tip and has since been discontinued. i do like this product for the cheap price it's about aud it goes on smoothly and it is quite black. my only gripe is how non water proof this is. with a single drop of water this will smudge like crazy for example yesterday in sydney was a rainy day. i forgot to bring an umbrella and had to walk through the rain. i caught a glimpse of myself in a mirror and it was horrible i'll continue to buy this product because it's quite inexpensive while i search for the hg liquid liner. age: -skin: very oily, medium, neutral hair: black, straight, medium eyes: brown in love with this product. have used it for years since walgreens has been putting it out. this does not dry out and it lasts hours, it will last you an entire day and you can sleep in it and wake up with it still on. for .why would you buy anything else??? age: -skin: normal, fair, warm hair: blond, straight, fine eyes: blue good deal . tax hope it doesn't dry up as fast as the maybelline stiletto eyeliner did age: -skin: sensitive, medium hair: brunette eyes: brown i love this eyeliner age: under skin: dry, fair, neutral hair: brunette, straight, fine eyes: green i love this liquid eyeliner age: -skin: normal, fair, cool hair: brown, straight, medium eyes: blue i love this. it is opretty cheap, but the way it looks on me is like a million bucks. i love the deep black color. it stays on many hours. it does have a tendency to smear, so i try not to put too much on. age: -skin: normal hair: black eyes: brown this review is for the semi-permanent liquid liner that comes in the standard felt tip applicator that screws into a well. not to be confused with the fabuliner pen---there's a separate listing for that. this liner is really watery. it takes longer to dry then most liners i've used. i also have to go over several times to get it black enough. i also had the plastic on the wand break on me while screwing the top on. for cheap liquid liner, i definitely prefer wet n' wild. if you are traveling and this is all you can find, it's okay in a pinch, but i probably wouldn't repurchase. age: -skin: sensitive, olive, neutral hair: black, wavy, coarse eyes: black not impressed. feels like you are using a sharpie marker on your eyes. it burns my eyes like heck. not very pigmented i bought it in black at least it wasn't expensive. age: under skin: combination, medium hair: black eyes: brown age: -skin: combination, fair-medium hair: brunette eyes: brown this is a great liquid eyeliner. it is very comparable to the revlon colorstay liner. it is pigmented and lasts a long time. you can get precise thin lines or think heavy ones depending on how you apply it. it's at walgreens so i don't see why you wouldn't pick it up. i recommend to anyone who loves liquid liner and the ease of the pen age: -skin: combination, fair-medium hair: brunette eyes: green i was so impressed with this felt tip liner age: -skin: sensitive, fair-medium hair: blond, curly, coarse eyes: blue i absolutely cannot get over how great this liner is age: -skin: acne-prone, fair hair: black eyes: blue i personaly love this product i use it every single day and am absolutely obsessed with it but i can see how some people don't like it. i have heard that it is not good on sensitive skin but that's not a problem for me. i would not really recommend this to contact wearers who rub there eyes i don't so i am fine with that but for the price . i would recommend u give it a try. i absolutely love this and i do wear contacts but i can c how it could be a problem with some people. but for the record i absolutely love this age: under skin: normal, tan hair: brunette eyes: green jordana normally is an excellent brand, affordable to all. but this time. err yeah. i bought of each color, because they were so cheap, and normally i like rave about jordana, but i dont know why i dont like this. maybe because it just doesnt go on well enough for me, maybe i got a bad set, but it smears too easily. i mean, i have all the jordana retractable liners, and i love them, but the fabuliner didnt work for me. i would go and buy or if i were you, and try it, but i didnt really like it. age: -skin: normal, tan hair: brown, straight eyes: brown age: -skin: dry, fair-medium, warm hair: blond, straight, fine eyes: green this liner is just as good as my sheseido pen that was . super easy to use. nicely pigmented . get both colours, you will love it. this is truly a must have. i'm a ma and at this pen is basically disposable. super sanitary for your clients age: -skin: very oily, tan, cool hair: brunette, curly, coarse eyes: brown i have these liners in both black and brown and i love them, they go on smooth and the colors are perfect, at least for me. i do use primer underneath and eyeshadow over, maybe thats why it lasts me all day, i have very oily eyelids and skin so these are both a must for me. i do find that i reach for them almost daily as they do dry quickly and i'm usually running out the door in the morning. age: -skin: dry, dark, warm hair: black, relaxed, medium eyes: brown hmm, this product worked on my eyelid, but you can forget under my eyes. it doesn't even go on under there. so great for the eyelid, but not under...guess i will try the waterproof and see how that goes. i think i spent .at cvs drugstore, got it in black. age: -skin: oily, medium, warm hair: black eyes: brown love this eyeliner i am shocked by the killer price, minimal packaging and how great and simple this 'pen' is to use. i am actually pretty surprised with the negative reviews but then again everyone is different with their expectations ...but i love this stuff update: these are sold out in like all the walgreens i live in canada and i have yet to find somewhere that carries this product
__label__non_math	0.9989	this product was dry and sticky.another one i tossed in the garbage where it belonged. love the nyc nail polish but this product is a failure. i agree with the previous reviewer- this stain is horrible. dries up after or uses and is costly to boot. such a disappointment from a usually reputable brand. on my 3rd tube now, this gel is the best i have ever used. like many others, i was blowing my naturally curly hair straight. you know, that same boring straight hair, side bang look all the clones wear today. now, i just wash and condition, leave it soaking wet and squish in this magic gel. air dry and put up in a high loose pony tail at night. next morning, gorgeous fluffy curls. all i do is straighten my side bangs minute and it looks like i have spent an hour curling it with a curling iron. primer corrector -rimmel - fix and perfect foundation primer tastest : its an orange, sheer primer and is useless.it doesnt do anything and i am sorry i bought it, so perhaps someone will read this and avoid wasting their money. update: oct . i noticed my local walmart is selling off the rimmel primer as a freebie with rimmel stay matte foundation.guess its so bad, they are "giving" it away. just found this at our local health food store for far less than the whole foods charges. i had used up my sample tube so wanted a full size. if you are over and want a "dewy" look, this is the cream for you. i think this is the "glow" some others talk about. what ever you call it, it makes you look healthy and is great for your skin. weleda has a long reputation of providing eurpeans with skin care products that dont use harsh chemicals. they even grow their own herbs polishes -new york color - in a new york color minute quick dry nail polish tastest : hg status and no topcoat ever need, just top with more nyc polish. i just tried madison avenue, a bright red. it went on thin, you need two coats but it is smooth and shiny. at my age, if you draw attention to your nails, they better look good and this polish does just that. its amazing. i just cleared my garden beds, wearing garden gloves and expected the worst when i pulled them off- but- no chips at all agree with all the positive comments. i have gone off gel nails 500. so treated myself to nail magic, from sallys, after reading good reviews. i am pleasantly surprised to find my flimsy nails have hardened up within days and are growing without splits.barielle and nutranail did not work for me. plus the colour of nail magic is a dupe for the essie pinks so your nails do look a bit like they have been french polished. my main goal was to rescue my poor nails after gels and this is doing it nicely. liquid -rimmel - lasting finish enriched w minerals tastest : bought this on the advise of emilynoel83 on youtube. her make up videos are great and this is one of her recommended items.she is a newscaster and under lights several hours a day. i think this is the first foundation i am actually going to buy again. i really like how it easily blends in but lasts all day.it is creamy enough for my skin. it gives me a finished look with out heavy caking. i can skip powder if i want. not as keen on the rimmel primer but find using monistat as a primer works just fine with the rimmel foundation. eyeliner -wet 'n' wild - mega eyes creme eyeliner - black tastest : i have tried several gel creme black liners, including red earth pricey jane etc and this is, by far, the best. anyone with oily eye lids will be thrilled with this liner. throw away the brush and use a thinner one or buy one from your local big box craft store artists quality brushes at a fraction of the price . .
__label__non_math	0.9944	liquid -l'oreal - true match super-blendable makeup spf mroso : great foundation. no breakouts, very affordable, and can be found in most drugstores. this foundation is super easy to blend. i'm a mac nc20-and w3 was an exact match nice range of colors. i'm an nc20-nc25 in mac and i was the color "shell" in this foundation line.. overall not a terrible foundation but not amazing. it was hard to blend , i tried it with two different brushes and i felt it was blotchy in some areas. this color also applied a tad light on me but later oxidize to a darker color that was perfect for me, keep that in mind when buying this. i have dry combo skin and this made me very oily in my t zone area especially on my forehead and on my pores by my nose. normally i wouldn't mind a lil bit of shine because i'm so dry but this was out of control. i used both a primer before the foundation and powder after it i still looked oily at the end of the day. coverage is light to medium. overall, don't like it. i won't purchase this again. i do however love the portal true match foundation. now that's an amazing foundation
__label__non_math	0.9685	i'm back with another review. i've tried a lot of primers in my day and a lot of them are a dime a dozen. it takes something special for me to take notice. i recently had the chance to try out a new primer from reviva and i'm impressed.i gave myself a few weeks to try out this primer. i have dry skin but sometimes i pile on moisturizer which does make me a tad greasy. i've been favoring shea butter lately and it definitely adds some shine. i've begun wearing this on top to work with no makeup. i've also begun wearing it under my makeup when i go out with a full face. the product comes in a clear bottle with a pump. i like this because you can see how much product you have left and the pump is sanitary and convenient. i notice that you don't even need a full pump for the face. it gets a bit too slick if you do that. i recommend half a pump. here is the product rubbed into my skin. you can tell that my hand looks fuzzed out and smooth as a result of the primer. the reason why i like this primer is because of the texture. it's not like the typical dimethicone type primer like smashbox, it actually has a bit of stickiness to it. this extra teture helps it smooth on top of the face without it feeling too slick like other primers. i hate the feel of primers where it feels like your face is too slippery. the extra grip seems to actually hold the foundation a bit more. i did notice that this primer made my skin feel smoother and it also mattified oiliness. ingredients: cyclopentasiloxane, dimethicone, vitamin a palmitate, vitamin d3 cholecalciferol , olive oil, coenzyme q10, squalane. this product retails for .. for more information check out revivalabs.com ftc disclosure: product provided for review. i am not affiliated with this company and not paid to write this review. these are my honest thoughts and opinions.
__label__non_math	0.9998	steve shaw asks: i heard google loves a tag page. i know it would be in a tag subfile, but can someone please elaborate on how best to set up tag pages? comments for this question are closed. if you are looking for help, please ask a new question here. we will be happy to help you
__label__non_math	1.0000	kyle wilkinson lincoln gates description: kyle and lincoln spend the afternoon getting familiar with each other's cocks, finishing up with a gooey double climax that leaves both guys drained and sticky use of this site and all of its contents are expressly forbidden to minors. you must be years of age and or the age of legal consent for your domain. in addition, it must be legal in your domain to view nudity, sexual situations, adult content and or material intended for adult consumption for entertainment purposes. if you do not meet these requirements, please click here to exit. all models are over years of age. click here for all website disclosures.
__label__non_math	0.9966	m.f. asks from novi, mi on bleeding but still a heartbeat? i am hoping you can help me understand this. i am about weeks pregnant w baby number . i had not one single problem with my previous two pregnancies resulting in two healthy girls. suddenly i find myself searching for answers i can't seem to find. about three weeks ago i started spotting. nothin heavy or bright red...more like a dark brown discharge. a week before this started happening i was told my hormone levels were low and had to be tested again. the same week i was spotting i was told my levels are going up but not enough. when i got my untrasound a few days later there was a very strong hearbeat and no signs of uterine or baby distress. however...given my low levels and my spotting my doc wanted me to come back in another week to take another look. the spotting stopped for about five days and then this past wednesday i started to actually bleed yesterday i went to my doctor for yet another ultrasound and i immediately noticed a significant difference in the size of my baby's home. the whomb seems to be shrinking or collapsing. my doctor noticed as well and told me that she is not very optimistic even though there is a good heartbeat still. i saw the little guy move too. she has put me on bedrest but says my whomb is collapsing around that baby and there is nothing we can do now except rest and hope. she says she had seen things like this turn themselves around but i don't know what to think. she was tempted to give me progesterone but all in the same breath said she thinks it will just prolong the inevitable and that all that will happen is that we will lose the baby later instead of sooner. i have never heard of this happening...a heartbean but an inevitable misscarriage. i have had four people around me lose their babies in the past year...three of which were early and one was at five months. those who lost early all said that they started spotting then bleeding and when an ultrasound was performed there was no heartbeat and the baby had stopped growing. i can understand that, but i can't understand why my baby seems to be thriving dispite what's happening with my body. it's killing me to know that his little heart is still beating and he's dancing around in there only to meet an untimely demise. has anyone experienced anything like this? if so what was the cause and outcome? i am so confused and scared and can't stand feeling that sense of hopelessness because there is nothing i can do please...help me...anything will help...good, bad, whatever...please. so what happened? let me start by saying thank you to everyone for your kind words and for sharing your stories with me. i had planned to call my old doctor today after my appointment this morning. unfortunately when i saw the untrasound there was no hearbeat, and the embryonic sack had completely collapsed around my baby. i will have a d c tomorrow morning and my little guy will be sent off to the lab to see what exactly could have caused the miscarriage. in all this turmoil i forgot to ask about the sub-chronic bleed. i will be inquiring tomorrow morning before my surgery. thank you again for all of your thoughts and prayers. i know things will be okay as my baby is now in heaven with my wonderful mother. k.l. answers from detroit on hi.....i am so sorry to hear what you are going through...i know and understand how you are feeling. i have had pregnancies, of which resulted in my beautiful children but two of which ended in m c. however i bled with all of them and was told that i would likely miscarry. especially with my first, without going into too much detail i bled alot i was around weeks-and bled until about weeks and had all the u s and tests done and was told to take it easy and rest...i had a sub-chorionic sp? bleed....i was convinced i was losing him....turned out i didnt and he is now years old. my next pregnacy ended in m c at about weeks...it was a very heavy period with lots of cramps and i knew there was no point in going to the doctor. pregnancy number i was diagnosed finally with low progesterone and started taking progesterone suppositories from weeks as soon as i found out i was pregnant. i had slight spotting but all went ok and my daughter is now . pregnancy number was my worst - i took progesterone as soon as i found out i was pregnant and all was well until about weeks when once again i started bleeding. as with the others i had all the tests, saw heartbeat good and string etc etc. i was told to take it easy and so i put myself on bedrest. the bleeding stopped a couple of weeks later. then when i was around weeks i started bleeding again and this time i was passing grey matter not good . i went to the er and basically there was no heartbeat and i had had what they called a mis miscarriage where the baby dies and you dont pass it out. i had a d and c and they later told me that the baby probably died around weeks they could tell because of the size and that it wasnt properly formed so they thought that was why i m c. i think i carried it until weeks because of the progesterone. my last pregnancy was fine and i had a healthy boy i took progesterone again . so i guess by telling you my story i wanted to let you know that - there is still hope....all your symptoms sound like my first pregnancy which ended up ok. -there is really nothing you can do, by me going on bedrest and taking progesterone i proglonged the inevitable with pregnancy number which ended in m c anyway due to the baby and how it developed....but by taking progesterone i helped my other pregnancies. good luck and hang in there...what will be will be and there is nothing you can do to change it if this baby is not meant to be, moms found this helpful t.p. answers from saginaw on have never went through this so all i can offer is my thoughts and prayers for you and your unborn baby. mom found this helpful a.i. answers from lansing on have no idea whay you are going thur but being a mother of girls my hart goes out to you i hope all goes well for you try to rest and no your body will take of you and baby remeber stress is never good i will keep you in my prayers god bless mom found this helpful g.a. answers from kalamazoo on my youngest daughter had this with her last two boys and with bedrest and no sexual activities can stop she had what they called a ......sub-chronic hemeriage ? not sure of the spelling.it is a tare or hole in the lining of the womb away from the utrin wall.....i'm not real sure on the spelling but i do know it can heal cause i have two living grand son to show and also my daughter in law went thru the same thing with her baby girl and she is fine. they went through alot of ultra sounds to amke sure it was healing and all and they did have tio stay for a short time bed rest. i hope this has helped you. i'm sorry i didn't read all the way down but, my thoughts are with you k.m. answers from detroit on i have miscarried four times each time things where different. i have also had beautiful children. but doesn't mean i don't think of the others. the last one i misscaried i was weeks but it showed six weeks.i really never heard of whats going on with u. but i would assume thats how most miscariages work. it just seems weird your dr. wouldn't do everything possible to save it. i would demand to be put on protesterone. who knows other than god. the hormone with bed rest could turn it around. i fell bad for you. i will pray for you and hope god c an change the out come. i have heard of people having periods with pregnancy. i have also heard of people having the bleeding from the placenta because of a blood sac and the sac was a little smaller at first but than they had a beautiful baby. so maybe there is that going on. but do bed rest and what they say because if you don't you will misscarry. so no lifting anything but a gallon of milk and make sure your husbad knows you need to sit on your bumb. the kids are going to be hard with it but it will all work out. for the best and whatever god wants its all up to him which sometimes stinks but theres reasons why. maybe theres a sign behind it. good luck and god bless g.b. answers from detroit on d.g. answers from detroit on i do have an idea of what you are going through - i had a similar situation almost two years ago to the day. i started out spotting as well it was probably about or weeks for me too and then progressed to bleeding with a very healthy heartbeat and healthy looking baby. i do not recall there being anything with the womb shrinking but they called the bleeding a sub-chorionic bleed which i hope i'm explaining this correctly basically meant there was a tear between the lining of the uterus and the placenta, or that it wasn't fully attached. they told me that this would usually correct itself or go away. there were a number of times that we thought i had miscarried but did not but i was bleeding more then than during a normal period. it's a difficult time and i would recommend you accept whatever help you can from family and friends so that you can stay on the bed rest. if you are not satisfied with the answers your doctor is giving you ask for a referral to a maternal fetal medicine specialist at your hospital. my doctors had also told me to go home and hope and pray. and i prayed my heart out my docs all told me the bleeding eventually goes away. i won't go in to detail about my whole pregnancy but i will say i have a beautiful little boy now and we celebrate every time he has a new word, walks, and all of that good stuff. feel free to email me any time if you have more questions or need some encouragement k.a. answers from detroit on m., like so many of us we have not heard of what they dr was saying. but there are alot of women who do bleed while pregnant. i didn't really with my first, but my 2nd i did after week . i knew in my heart of heart that i could not change what would happen at so early of a stage when i knew that women who were having babies when i was born didn't even know they were pregnant til they were -weeks along. we find out now way to early and all we can do is worry. i am rh- so i also knew my risks were a little more and i was getting shots to block any potential side affects just in case the babies blood was fighting mine. he is now and a joy to be with. there is only one divine that can give you the strength that you need to get through this. enjoy your children, get the needed rest and have faith that nothing that you cannot handle is put on your plate. my mom had twins at weeks in , yes made it, the other not, but it is not in our hands on what happens. medicine can only do so much. hard to tell that i am not a true believer but i have learned that things happen for a reason. if the babies heart beat is strong, believe that he is a fighter and give yourself and your body a break from the stress. he is giving you joy now and you are lucky to experience this whether it is good or bad, some don't get the chance to experience it. i will pray for you and your family.
__label__non_math	0.9877	a gold mining exploration company with ties to sarah palin, the george w. bush administration and claims in the bodie hills wilderness study area, came to town this week asking for support for a possible gold mine in the hills. the mining executives got a mixed welcome at the two meetings they attended, depending on the audience of the hour. cougar gold, a resource- exploration-only holding of two large, international corporations, electrum strategic holdings llc and tigris financial group ltd., put out its best argument to the approximately 120 mono county residents tuesday, presented often by the president of tigris, mark wallace. wallace was formerly a un ambassador, an attorney for the bush administration. but things didn t necessarily go smoothly for cougar gold electrum tigris, at least not in the first meeting of the day, before the mono county board of supervisors. when he asked the county supervisors and the public to support cougar gold s desire to remove the wilderness study designation, the audience and the supes refused to cooperate. the board of supervisors, who, regardless, cannot change the designation only congress can gave them no clear answer. two supervisors stated their opposition to removing protection larry johnston and byng hunt , two stated their support vikki bauer and tim hansen , and district 2supervisor hap hazard stayed squarely in the middle, stating he wanted the process to proceed through more meetings and, that he didn t have the data to make a final decision. the audience was less divided, with the majority but by no means all of the comments opposing a mine in the bodie hills and or opposing removing wilderness protection from the site see sidebars . that was not the case at an evening meeting held in bridgeport the same day. although the audience was smaller about -people by one attendee s count the mostly north county audience was almost united in their support of a mine in the hills, sometimes raucously so. when someone asked the audience to raise hands to show their support for a mine, everyone i saw did, said hansen, the supervisor for bridgeport and north county. still many questions in the end, though, the four and then two-hour meetings left most with as many questions as answers. it came down to the fact that although the mining executives and geology specialists stated they knew there was something very interesting out there, they did not say exactly what kind of mine would be needed, nor how big it might be. correspondingly, they couldn t tell the audiences exactly what kind of economic benefits, or, environmental harm it might bring. the uncertainty prompted one woman, janet carle, to ask, they don t know what it a potential mine will look like. they want clarity from mono county but they can t give it to us? but the mining company offcials remained adamant. more exploratory drilling is needed to get a better idea of exactly what is under the approximately one square mile that is most promising, officials said. and that won t occur until the wilderness study area designation is gone. we have put million into this already, wallace said. we ve done it under strict environmental controls, to show you what we are capable and willing to do. but we don t want to spend more money until the regulatory purgatory that is the wsa is removed. wilderness study areas, administered by the bureau of land management, require a more stringent level of protection for the environment than if the mining were done in a multiple use area, both mono county and mining officials noted. the fact that the wilderness study area could become a true wilderness before the mine is built, and after spending untold more money, increases the regulatory uncertainty, wallace told the mt after the meeting. it s not worth it to us, to do it this way, he said. we either do it above ground, with the community support, or not at all. that leaves the whole issue, once again, perfectly in limbo. the bodie hills site where the potential mine would be placed was recommended for removal from potential wilderness designation in by the bureau of land management, due in large part to its high number of mineral resource claims. but, it was also selected by the blm in the first place as a potential wilderness, due to other outstanding features, including biological diversity, rare species, and more. getting the wilderness study designation removed will take an act of congress, regardless of what local officials do. with the rep. buck mckeon bill which pushed to eliminate the wilderness protection from the area dead after last years s congress adjourned, supervisor hazard suggested that neither mckeon nor conservation-minded senator barbara boxer has the time or interest to take on such a fight at this time. they have more things to worry about right now, he said. that may not be true, however. although wallace did not address the issue, if the company is interested, it can certainly bring the subject up again. electrum tigris is a multi-billion dollar group of companies, with plenty of lobbying clout. and with mono county residents split, with the board split, with no way to know if electrum tigris is bluffing or not, the way forward is far from clear.
__label__non_math	1.0000	smith pants women rrp . feel-good pants for climbing and bouldering, made from soft, skin-friendly stretch material to accommodate every movement. athletic fitmore information - athletic fit these trousers have a skintight, athletic cut around the tigh and calf; stretch inserts or fully stretchable material gurantee an exhilirating sensation of movement during high-speed activities.
__label__non_math	0.9851	dispatches from the mix's moonshot guides hackathon pilot: defining a community of passion by alyson huntington-jones a few weeks ago, we kicked off the hackathon pilot, an experiment enabling passionate mixers to collaboratively "write the chapter" on how to enable communities of passion within our organizations learn more about the pilot here and here . during sprint , our pilot team was tasked with defining what a community of passion is and how exactly you might enable one. this is the third of three posts where pilot members synthesize the ideas from sprint . today's synthesis post comes from alyson huntington-jones. defining a community of passion by alyson huntington-jones what is a community of passion and what does it mean to enable one? defining an answer should be an easy enough exercise one may think, but the sheer diversity of ideas generated during the hackathon pilot sprint belies any such notion. however, after much work, i arrived at the following definitions: - a community of passion is a unified group of individuals who regularly interact in a common area or location and share a strong liking, desire for or devotion to some activity, interest, object, purpose or concept. - to enable a community of passion means to create and nurture an evolving sustainable environment which best: - elicits passion by satisfying individuals core needs for autonomy, mastery and purpose. - fosters a sense of unity and belonging through establishment of a common purpose and guiding standards, norms or values. - frees individuals to interact and openly share knowledge, ideas or support. - multiplies impact by leveraging the contributions of many versus one. so how exactly did i arrive at these definitions? after reading all posts, it first occurred to me that clarity could come from defining what a community of passion is not. based on our team s responses it became clear that it is not: - comprised of just one person - always tied to a geographical physical place - constraining, governing or inhibiting - lacking in purpose or meaning - a toxic environment devoid of positive emotions and rewards - static or unchanging - without guiding standards, norms or values having framed part of the question in this manner, i turned my attention to the topic of passion and began to reflect upon lessons on motivation from daniel pink s book drive. in drive, daniel pink persuasively outlined that to elicit engagement we need to upgrade the current motivation operating system widely in use today, from motivation .to .. motivation . s foundational programming is based on command and control and comes from the belief that people want to shirk responsibility. once deployed, this system leads to compliance, which produces accidental or no flow in work simply survival activities and an ultimate outcome of a feeling of helplessness victim mentality in people. thus, to elicit true engagement we must upgrade to motivation .operating system. this system s foundational programming is based autonomy and comes from the belief that people want to be accountable and have the following three core needs satisfied: - autonomy - the need to freely direct your own life - mastery - the need to be able to create and learn meaningful new things - purpose - the need to connect your quest for excellence to something larger than yourself as daniel pink so aptly stated: autonomous people working towards mastery perform at very high levels. but those who do so in the service of some greater objective can achieve even more. i purpose provides the contextual backdrop in which to view one s efforts outcomes and a feeling of deep motivation passion is the end result. so motivation .operating system leads to engagement, which produces continual flow and mastery; and an ultimate outcome of deeply passionate, mastery-oriented people. so now having framed what a community of passion is not and the question of how passion is elicited, i turned my thoughts to some personal experiences and particularly resonating posts from michele zanini, silvia colombo, paul higgins, alex perwich, kartik subbarao, ellen weber, atna modaresi, susan resnick west and alberto blanco. in one discussion, alberto blanco and susan resnick west concluded that communities can only be created and nurtured and passion can t be created or forced. thus, focus should be on architecting an environment that provides the conditions needed to sustain a community of passion and enable it to flourish. that includes designing safeguards to ensure that toxic elements don t invade the environment and kill off the community of passion. the importance of this last point is further highlighted by ellen weber s stirring post about passion: passion can flee, faster than lightening strikes an iron rod in an electric storm. when stress, negativity or ego shoots down top ideas, passionate participants wonder whether it s a lot less stressful to hang up their cleats in favor of doing bare routines . last but not least, it occurred to me that the power of a community fueled by passion seemed analogous to what occurs in nuclear fusion in active stars. when the right conditions are present in the environment, two or more atomic nuclei join together to form a single heavier nucleus; and as they fuse an abundant and natural energy source is released. so disengagement in groups, communities and organizations is so prevalent, because they simply have not created environments that best enable fusion to occur between diverse individuals and the energy of passion to be released. so it is my hope that through things such as defining what a community of passion is and what it means to enable one, our mix community can help others realize what is lacking. this realization eliciting an ardent quest to create evolving sustainable environments that best evoke the power of a community of passion. i daniel pink, drive the surprising truth about what motivates us, new york: riverhead books, , 133.
__label__non_math	0.9999	date:friday the power of the internet has taken many of us oldies by surprise. in fact all i will do once i've finished this article is press the 'publish' button and millions around the world will have access to these words. the widget below will demonstrate where in the world those of you are reading this article. a good mate of mine and i was having a beer in the local towards the end of last season and we got onto the subject of football forums. he knew i was the editor of vital manchester city and with him being an avid follower of manchester united - well i'm sure you can imagine we've had a good debate or two over the years. this particular chap is the restaurant bar manager of a semi-professional football club here in our neck of the woods. i don't wish to embarrass this chap or the club concerned; however it won't take a detective to work out which team i'm talking about. all you have to do is take a look under my forum avatar to see the club who i may refer to. this person who will be referred to as mr f told me last season he received several complaints from disgruntled home supporters about the length of time they had to queue at half-time for refreshments at a particular important game. apparently, even though this teams home attendance is approximately ,300 there wasn't sufficient staff to meet the demand. on his drive home mr f had a think about how to rectify the problem and low and behold and before his tyres reached his front door the chairman from the club was on the mobile. 'i've been on our supporter's forum mr f and the fans are screaming for blood. why they say do they have to queue minutes for food and drink? i want an answer now.' mr f put the cars handbrake on and quietly walked in to his house. his wife and two daughters were sat with the tv on eating their dinner when mr f burst into a frenzy. 'mr chairman. i have heard about the catering complaints and i apologise to those concerned. today we had a bigger crowd than anticipated which in turn took my staff and i by surprise. i know where the fault lay and it won't happen again.' the chairman replied... 'i won't accept this sort of thing. the supporters of this club come before you and i and this must never happen again or else your job will be on the line.' mr f was, as you can imagine 'ticking like a clock' and on the verge of handing in his resignation. in fact this manure fan he is a rag but i can't bring myself to call him it was gulping pints of guinness like they were going out of fashion when i had a brainwave. 'have you ever thought of registering on the fans forum and tell those who moaned why there was a minute wait at the canteen.' nope was the reply. we enveloped our discussion around the power of internet forums and after a couple of hours we ended up drinking single malts and pissed. the point of this article is... the article headline reads... i wonder who will read this article over to you? date:friday balotelli: i'm glad i left england saturday video: confusion clouds pellegrini future thursday the ped report reading -city tuesday stats: reading v manchester city tuesday and on that bombshell tuesday video: pellegrini denies city deal tuesday the royals versus the citizens tuesday manciogate: the axe finally falls monday video: mancini set to be sacked monday the ped cup final report - city -wigan athletic sunday man city : : wigan : : liverpool : : wba : : southampton : : southampton : : southampton : :
__label__non_math	1.0000	a little boy s new year wish came true when he managed to stand unaided for five minutes for the first time in his life. brave adam kutereba has had a whirlwind months in which he captured the hearts of thousands of people who raised ,000 for surgery to change his life forever. a little boy s new year wish came true when he managed to stand unaided for five minutes for the first time in his life. brave adam kutereba has had a whirlwind months in which he captured the hearts of thousands of people who raised ,000 for surgery to change his life forever. the -year-old was born with tetraplegic cerebral palsy and has spent much of his life in a wheelchair. but an operation in the usa known as selective dorsal rhizotomy has given him renewed hope. specialists at st louis children s hospital in missouri lengthened his hamstrings, heel and knee cords to help him walk. adam has been improving bit by bit since the treatment in august. he can now walk with a frame and has managed minutes on a treadmill without a break. and on christmas day he stunned his family by standing up for five minutes without any aid. "things have been amazing since the operation," said adam s mum rachel, . "he is getting better all the time. it was a very special christmas for our family." adam lives in littleborough, near rochdale, with parents rachel and rick, , sister shannon, , and new four-year-old brother, sam, who was adopted by the family last year. friends and teachers at his school, littleborough community primary, were among the fundraisers after his family launched an appeal to help pay for the surgery which is not available in the uk. relatives, community groups and total strangers rallied round to raise the cash, which is also funding adam s intensive recovery treatment. "we would like to give an enormous thank you to everyone who supported the appeal," said rachel. "when we started the fundraising, we thought it would be a massive struggle, but we had help from so many people. it has made an enormous difference to our lives. "we don t know how much money will be left over until adam has finished around three years of treatment but we will not waste a penny and will give any remaining funds to another child in his situation. "thanks to everyone involved from the whole family."
__label__non_math	0.9484	object name: evening dress artist maker: maison ross role in production: make place of creation: europe, france accession number: credit: manchester city galleries tunic of pale pink silk crepe georgette . shading to deeper pink at hem. sleeveless. low round neck. cut straight with side seams to petal shaped hemline of alternate long and short points, each with shallow scalloped ends. bead embroidered, clear glass and pink towards hemline, mainly in vertical lines with pointed shapes towards neck and shoulders. large bow of pink net, ends falling below skirt at right hip. small bands with press fasteners inside shoulders to hold straps. underslip of silver and red lame with top edged and shoulder straps of cream georgette. height: 105 cm
__label__non_math	0.9993	not sure where to start? explore a selection of highlights chosen by staff and visitors, from victorian paintings to contemporary fashion. explore our new highlights tour of objects linked to the transatlantic slave trade. this is a new type of tour which is dynamic and interactive, inviting you to add your own interpretations and thoughts about objects in our collection. the revealing histories: remembering slavery highlights tour is based on seven objects from our collection that are linked to manchester's involvement in the transatlantic slave trade. since march , we have been inviting new interpretations about these objects, including written texts, drawings, sound and video recordings. follow the tour to discover many different points of view about these objects and this history. browse selected collections highlights chosen by staff and visitors to manchester art gallery.
__label__non_math	1.0000	please enter your login information below to sign-in to your account to manage your want list and don't have one? then please create an account today forgot your password? phone: 718 981-, 718 981- fax: 718 816- email: firstname.lastname showroom hours: monday through saturday, to eastern time. all items subject to prior sale; not responsible for typographical errors.
__label__non_math	0.9995	updates for both security and non-functional packages, are essential for a smooth-running system. mandriva recommends that all users upgrade to the packages issued by any advisory to prevent problems with your system and unauthorized intrusion or denial of service attacks. please note: while mandriva supports a large number of mandriva linux distributions, not all are supported. if you are currently using an unsupported distribution, please upgrade to a more recent version to ensure you continue to obtain timely updates. security update advisories are sent to the security announce mailing lists. please review the product lifetime policy so you are aware of when updates support for your particular distribution will cease. currently supported products unsupported legacy products please report any bugs you find to our bugzilla database. if you find any serious security flaws in packages we ship, please send an email to security at mandriva.com instead and it encrypt it with the security team's public key. all security announcements and updated rpms are signed with the gpg key of the mandriva security team which is available for download. the details of the key are : pub 1024d 22458a98 linux mandrake security team key cb91 b327 68cc 9aa8 d0d0 8a98 sub 1024g 6f3f9bc6
__label__non_math	0.9998	- i'm male - i live in philippines - i was born on -- an ipad artist using sketchbook xpress for line art and everything. i'm a school teacher who loves to draw manga and filipino style drawings. i'm a struggling artist. sole searching on what kind of style i should be using in my drawings....wish i had that certain style that make my drawing mine.....hard to be just following the trends of the time.....hmmmm big heads? big arms? chibi? too much to think about..
__label__math	0.7151	best jutsu ever created... -- " years of pain" 'sakura' - "what, that wasnt a ninjutsu, thats just a super powerful ass poke" ms doesnt seem to use any someone give me a reason not to graveyard this. you've got an hour. troll tagged by uzumakitim just do it. i think its just a matter of learning. handseals seem to me as a way to control chakra and are not always needed but make things easier similar to how naruto uses clones for rasengan, he can do it himself but he finds it easier to do it with clones i would think that singles are for only the situations that you need them in, or just an option if you are good at them. and then some jutsus dont need the seals becasue of the users ability to focus there chakra well enough when trying to perform the jutsu they they are so use to performing. it makes sence with no need to speak of bloodlimits and such. current reading: naruto:shipuuden, bleach, fairytails, historys strongest diciple kenichi, berzerk, deadman wonderland, claymore, hunter x hunter, gantz, blue exorcist, one piece, zetman, witch hunter, liar game, and vagabond ..... i need more i thought it was part of hos bloodline......if it wasn't wouldn't5 other people use it? so i th ink it is part of his bloodline i don't know if this was said but the chic which was in chunin exams that has the cursed seal did one handed seals, excuse my bad english didn't haku do a water jutsu after he did the one handed seal?... he couldn't do his ice jutsu because that would require both hands like yamato, when explaining fuision elements . i just figured that anybody with a fusion element could use a one-handed jutsu.
__label__non_math	0.9997	oneshots are short stories that are meant to be complete own their own. some oneshots are related to serialized series but for the most part they are unique self-contained. wakako has a secret crush for her -year-older childhood friend, chii-nii, but he went away before she had a chance to tell him her feelings. meeting him again after years, will wakako finally be able to pluck up her courage and mimi ni nokoru kimi no koe wa "i see him all the time, but... it feels like this is the first time i've met him." a story about two high school students, arai and miyoshi, realizing their feelings for each other and the monotony of every day life near graduation. mimoza de sarada misaki de bas wo orita hito in a world where time consists of two kinds of clocks, the clock of eternity, which indicates the life span of the universe, and the silver clock, which indicates the life span of a person, lived mu, a carefree girl who despises the namida no suisou nanadome no gomenne natsu e no tobira the doorway to summer natsu to fuyu node au basho when she caught her boyfriend sleeping with another woman, kayako ueno broke his front teeth... and it will cost her a hundred-thousand yen to repair them. so she takes a part-time job as a home tutor-- neko yori tooi nemurenai yoru no yume dreams of the sleepless nights nemureru mori tojitsuki hajime nemureru mori no etoile monthly goal: current total: . percent of goal: curious who donates to us or what we spend the donations on? click here to find out
__label__non_math	1.0000	this is the website of the manhattan club. our postal address is 200 west 56th street new york, ny we can be reached by telephone at -888-692-. for each visitor to our web page, our web server automatically recognizes the customer's domain name and, in some cases, an ip address. we collect only the domain name, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and or site registrations. the information we collect is used to improve the content of our web page, to notify consumers about updates to our web site, to contact consumers for marketing purposes, and is never shared with other organizations. with respect to security the manhattan club has taken steps to ensure that your credit card and other sensitive information is sent protected over the internet. through the use of an industry standard security protocol known as secure sockets layer ssl , we encrypt your order information prior to transmission over the internet so it can't be read in transit. this works to keep your internet transactions private and secure. if you do not wish to receive such emails, you may unsubscribe online at any time at the following web page: if you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. if you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above. please provide us with your exact name and address. we will be sure your name is removed from our contact list. persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. if you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by calling us at 212 315- and select option from the menu. please provide us with your name and phone number. we will be sure your name is removed from our contact list. upon request by you, we will provide you with access to all information including proprietary information that we maintain respecting you, financial information e.g., credit card account information that we maintain respecting you, unique identifier information e.g., customer number or password that we maintain respecting you, transaction information e.g., dates on which you made purchases, amounts and types of purchases that we maintain respecting you, communications that the you have directed to our site e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries , and or contact information e.g., name, address, phone number that we maintain respecting you. consumers can access this information by e-mailing us at email upon request we offer you the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information and financial information. you, the consumer, can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at firstname.lastname updating this statement
__label__non_math	1.0000	rate share: art of todd mcfarlane book the long awaited visual biography by robert t. trate the art of todd mcfarlane: the devils in the details arrives in . it s hard to deny the impact todd mcfarlane had on comics and action figures . have you ever wondered just how this comic artist created his own empire? a new book, by mcfarlane, is coming this holiday season. here is the official word from todd mcfarlane productions and image comics: at long last, the art of todd mcfarlane: the devil s in the details, todd mcfarlane s first and only art book, is scheduled to hit shelves nationwide wednesday, . a visual biography celebrating almost years of artwork from one of the comic industry s most popular and iconic artist personalities, the art of todd mcfarlane: the devil s in the details, is not just another art book. it follows mcfarlane s journey from a young comic book fan mimicking his favorite artists, to his subsequent rise to comic book stardom. mcfarlane, himself, provides hundreds of anecdotes throughout the 400-page book, walking the fans through his groundbreaking career. i broke into this industry when i was years-old. the only way to put a book like this together is to have actually spent more than two decades creating the art within it, said mcfarlane. the passage of time allows you to build up a body of work, that as you step back, has meaning, and can be an inspiration for other artists along the way. i m happy to be able to collect my autobiography in both a written and visual format. i hope the wait has been worth it fans will receive an up close and personal look at mcfarlane s creative take on beloved characters from both dc and marvel comics, and learn more about his history making move in helping to form image comics, where he published his brainchild, spawn. with copious amounts of rarely seen black and white original pieces of his most famous work, and numerous drawings of the comic book industry s most popular characters, this is a book that can t be missed. in addition, fans get an exclusive peek at mcfarlane s first forays into various media toys, film, animation, music videos, video games , where he put his creative stamp on everything through his signature eye-catching imagery. available just in time for black friday, the art of todd mcfarlane: the devil s in the details will be available nationwide wednesday, november 21st. the oversized hard cover book 9x12 is limited to copies, with 700 signed and numbered editions available. each book retails at 100, respectively, and would make the perfect gift for any art fan
__label__non_math	0.9996	here is the first viral video for g.i. joe: retaliation. they got the voice right for the mock up commercial it is just missing something. perhaps they should have hired some real recruiting video editors instead of the the man who directed justin bieber: never say never? the plot: the g.i. joes are not only fighting their mortal enemy cobra; they are forced to contend with threats from within the government that jeopardize their very existence. the film is directed by jon m. chu justin bieber: never say never and stars bruce willis, dwayne johnson, channing tatum, ray park, ray stevenson. g.i. joe: retaliation finally arrives in theaters on
__label__non_math	0.9978	rate share: evil dead animated tribute in the style of a mondo poster by robert t. trate by ex mortis films and director daniel m. kanemoto ex mortis films the folks at mondo have inspired something special --one of their evil dead posters has inspired a new animated short. based on an olly moss design, ex mortis films and director daniel m. kanemoto have given us another minute to spend in sam raimi's evil dead films. watch it below. thanks to chopsaki for the submission. evil dead: an animated tribute from daniel kanemoto on vimeo.
__label__non_math	0.9999	espacio av is located in former business premises in a space of more than 500 square metres, with a view to hosting regular exhibitions of contemporary art, photography and video. architecturally, espacio av is a neutral "white cube", so as not to interfere with the presentation of art works.schedule : - and - . sunday: - . of october closed
__label__non_math	1.0000	welcome to manly hyundai's website, where you can browse our entire inventory of new hyundai vehicles and used cars at our santa rosa region dealership. come visit us to test drive a vehicle, speak to one of our experts, or discuss financing options. you can also call us at our number above. manly hyundai provides quality vehicles from hyundai to the petaluma, richmond ca and the bay area. our large selection ensures that we have a vehicle for everyone, no matter what it is you're looking for. at manly hyundai, you can choose from all the new hyundai models including the new hyundai santa fe, tucson, elantra, accent sonata in santa rosa. at our hyundai dealership we strive to bring you low prices and reliable new and used cars. for a huge selection of used cars in santa rosa, come down to manly hyundai at corby avenue. we have a huge inventory of like-new vehicles ready for the santa rosa roads. whether you're looking for a used sports car, work truck, suv, convertible, sedan, coupe or something else, the salespeople at manly hyundai will help you track one down. don't be intimidated by the financing process. the car loan and lease experts at manly hyundai will do the work for you to ensure you get the lowest possible rate on your car loan. we will work with area and national lenders to provide you with options, from low rates to short terms. come to manly hyundai for your car loan in santa rosa and you won't have to go from bank to bank looking for a great rate. we'll do the work for you professional hyundai auto repair is nearby to santa rosa from trained mechanics you can trust at manly hyundai. let our technicians diagnose your car the first time with our expert service and repair your car quickly with an extensive hyundai auto parts department in santa rosa to get you back on the road quickly. all of the employees at manly hyundai would like to thank you for your interest in our dealership. call us anytime or visit us in person at corby avenue. we look forward to having the opportunity to earn your business.
__label__non_math	1.0000	youth mayor candidates unveiled the six candidates vying from the position of mansfield's first youth mayor have been announced. the candidates and brief summaries of their policies are detailed below: - campaigning to promote the social and educational needs of local youths - to provide aid to young people quickly and effectively to improve situations and to tackle issues - help to discourage crime; and promote opportunities for young people. - intends to stand up for minority groups and against bullying - try and increase cctv - tackle issues with dog fouling - and listen to the views of young people. - campaigning for more leisure facilities for young people - improved streets; tackle bullying and violence - and establish new communication groups. stephanie le page - is standing for improved leisure activities - to promote good things young people do instead of the bad - and highlighting the issue of homelessness. - campaigning to improve the image of young people - to give young people a voice - increase the range of activities and facilities available to young people - improve the image of mansfield town centre - prevent littering and promote recycling. - campaigning on the environment and for increased recycling - reducing the price of bus fares - more cctv - increased leisure facilities. full manifestos from each candidate can be found on the mansfield district council's youth mayor web page: mansfield's executive mayor, tony egginton, commented: "i have spent some time with the candidates over the last few weeks and been impressed with their sense of democracy and representing young people. they have brought issues forward that are pertinent to the quality of life not just of young people but our entire society" "they are now at a crucial and exciting stage of the campaign with each of them carrying out their own canvassing." "i wish all of them luck in their campaigns and look forward to working with whoever is elected."
__label__non_math	1.0000	smallholding supplies poultry specialist tel: . email training courses and shows... training courses are held regularly to encourage and help people with their poultry keeping. held in our shop we can easily demonstrate the many choices available to poultry keepers including housing, equipment, treatments and the hens themselves. we have been running our beginners courses now for several years, both at our farm and also at agricultural shows. our courses are aimed at the domestic keeper and by using the experiences we have gained in keeping poultry ourselves we can help and advice others. we also attend several shows and fayres throughout the year. for more information on our courses and events please visit:
__label__non_math	1.0000	pop in and meet one of t.h. burroughs knowledgeable and friendly butchers for expert advice on the best cuts, outstanding quality and taste. manydown farm shop, once a butchery, has now grown, offering an extensive range of store cupboard essentials, freshly baked goods, dairy products, fresh fruit veg and a fantastic delicatessen. how to find us by using the bus, rail or satellite navigation. view the gallery of our fantastic farm shop, butchery and staff new and exciting recipes, most of the igredients used in these recipes can be purchased in our farm shop. come along to our easter lambing extravaganza - see some newly born lambs and all your farmyard favourites. with many other outdoor activities to choose, from this a great springtime trip.
__label__non_math	0.9910	merseburg in the middle of town to find our check inn hotel. enjoy the bohemian charm of our house. our house combines high standard of quality with maximum comfort - and at minimal prices. please enter the dates of your stay to check availability: maplandia.com in partnership with booking.com offers highly competitive rates for all types of hotels in merseburg, from affordable family hotels to the most luxurious ones. booking.com, being established in , is longtime europe s leader in online hotel reservations. at maplandia.com you won't be charged any booking fees, cancellation fees see particular hotel policies , or administration fees the reservation service is free of charge. the reservation system is secure and your personal information and credit card is encrypted. many photos and unbiased hotel reviews written by real guests are provided to help you make your booking decision. luxury hotels including star hotels and star hotels and cheap merseburg hotels with best discount rates and up-to-date hotel deals are both available in separate lists. always bear in mind that with maplandia.com and booking.com the best price is guaranteed the hotel is located at dorfstr. in merseburg, merseburg-querfurt, halle, sachsen-anhalt, germany see merseburg map . hotels in the neighbourhood of the check inn hotel merseburg are sorted by the distance from this hotel. in the following list, large airports nearest to check inn hotel merseburg are sorted by the approximate distance from the hotel to the airport. airports near to check inn hotel merseburg, not listed above. in the following list, car rental offices nearest to check inn hotel merseburg are sorted by the approximate distance from the hotel. the following list shows places and landmarks nearest to check inn hotel merseburg sorted by the distance from the hotel to the centre of the listed place. maplandia.com is not sponsored by or affiliated with google.
__label__non_math	0.8000	this countryside manor is just minutes drive from b stad and the sandy beaches along the kattegatt sea. it offers a restaurant and bar, a large garden and free parking. please enter the dates of your stay to check availability: maplandia.com in partnership with booking.com offers highly competitive rates for all types of hotels in bastad, from affordable family hotels to the most luxurious ones. booking.com, being established in , is longtime europe s leader in online hotel reservations. at maplandia.com you won't be charged any booking fees, cancellation fees see particular hotel policies , or administration fees the reservation service is free of charge. the reservation system is secure and your personal information and credit card is encrypted. many photos and unbiased hotel reviews written by real guests are provided to help you make your booking decision. luxury hotels including star hotels and star hotels and cheap bastad hotels with best discount rates and up-to-date hotel deals are both available in separate lists. always bear in mind that with maplandia.com and booking.com the best price is guaranteed the hotel is located at herrg rdsv gen in b stad, bastad kommun, kristianstadt lan, sweden see b stad map . hotels in the neighbourhood of the hemmesl vs herrg rd hotel bastad are sorted by the distance from this hotel. in the following list, large airports nearest to hemmesl vs herrg rd hotel bastad are sorted by the approximate distance from the hotel to the airport. airports near to hemmesl vs herrg rd hotel bastad, not listed above. in the following list, car rental offices nearest to hemmesl vs herrg rd hotel bastad are sorted by the approximate distance from the hotel. the following list shows places and landmarks nearest to hemmesl vs herrg rd hotel bastad sorted by the distance from the hotel to the centre of the listed place. maplandia.com is not sponsored by or affiliated with google.
__label__non_math	0.9992	thursday, bst on fourzerotwo twittered : " no luck getting answers while on road. will be confirming these in person next week." what answers ? the answers on a list of questions. questions from the cod pc community. just some straightforward "yes or no" answers, some numbers and sizes etc. see read more for the complete list. fourzerotwo has only a few days to go and his european tour ends. when he finally answers the pc questions and also negative; than it will be the exact same trick he pulled on us with mw2. do you believe that he can't answer the pc mw3 version questions because he is on an european tour ? on october he also twittered "i'll be back in the studio on monday morning and still no answers on our questions. only days left. one next week has passed... and days left. glen schofield did tweet and will try to answer the pc mw3 questions tomorrow. transcript in read more. well glen schofield just twittered... seems they had a talk. "we're tweaking info on pc has to come from bowling not me. i make the game, he is spokesperson." but schofield still thinks the pc version of modern warfare will be " epic so he is still our official spokesperson but he doesn't want to talk to us. updated - and finaly fourzerotwo gave us the modern warfare pc details. and are we happy ? nope. we from mapmodnews strongly believe that infinity ward's fourzerotwo is no longer, and maybe never was, the right community manager for the cod pc gamers. this man, calling himself creative strategist, is lacking one of the most important skills you need to have as a community manager: empathy. treyarch's jd2020 was very different, because he knew that in times of trouble your community comes first. and with some communication, don't have to be much, you are showing your community that you care and will try to get things "solved". this is managing your community. with fourzerotwo still refusing to communicate; who is managing the pc community atm ? with his tweets like " completely understand. wish i could be more helpful. i'm trying." and "joke away. we can take it. but don't b hasty the game comes out in weeks.i think you'll like it." and you know what ? we believe glen's honesty, but the pc version of mw3 won't be what 402 wants us to believe it is...
__label__non_math	0.9733	there are no directions to display. to view directions use the "follow roads" option in map controls. please note loading mapping tools map markers are an mvp feature.
__label__non_math	0.9949	sydney summer twilight series - begins in: - silverwater, australia - created by: - brendan davies best time: - this is a .mi run in silverwater, australia. the run has a total ascent of 124.ft and has a maximum elevation of .ft. this route was created by mrd on . view other runs that mrd has done or find similar maps. - run jog
__label__non_math	0.9937	permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files the software , to deal in the software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and or sell copies of the software, and to permit persons to whom the software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: the software is provided as is , without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement. in no event shall the authors or major funding for the development of mapserver has been provided by nasa through cooperative agreements with the university of minnesota, department of forest resources. additional enhancements have been made by the state of minnesota, department of natural resources and the land management information center. we would like to acknowledge other major contributions as well:
__label__non_math	0.9993	find a pub in folkstonegerald - every local community needs this google maps mashup allows you to plot pubs in a small community in the uk based on the following: 'local' venue?, town, pool, table, dartboard, booze, real ale, food, live music, dj, jukebox, garden, children welcome and accomodation. once you've answered all of this, you will most certainly have found the best place to enjoy a pint of your favourite brew stormreportmap.com is a google maps hack that was recently announced by tony. he has created a mashup of the storm prediction center at the us national weather service and google maps. at quick glance, the map shows tornado, wind reports and hail reports. it's a pretty nifty tool for the storm chasers in the audience a river runs through it on google maps gmaps pedometer is a tool which allows you to plot distance in miles for runs, walks, rollerblades, dog-trots.. whatever gcensus.com combines google maps and us census data. use the zoom tool to zero in on an area or plug in an address. you can visually plot things like land area, water area, population, number of houses, the county, state division and region of the us. busmonster.com is a great site for those of you living in the seattle area looking for a handy transit tool. in the bus stops section, type in an address, intersection, or landmark to find bus stops near that location. in the routes section, type in route numbers to view routes, stops along those routes, and current bus locations. traffic conditions gives you access to hundreds of traffic cams in the area. incidentlog.com is a comprehensive database of various emergency incidents which have happened around the u.s. it pulls data from fire departments, sex offender registries and police and 911 feeds and plots it onto google maps. the feeds release data every mins. to every week. enjoy these mashups
__label__non_math	0.9855	the capn update this download is for customers with the capn whose version is earlier than . - and require the most reliable edition of the .x software. as chronicled below, there are a large number of improvements and fixes that have been added to the capn since the .release over years ago. version .is available the current version of the capn is .and is available to customers as an upgrade for .. please call maptech at 888-839- for availability. do not install this update on top of version . or later of the capn - doing so will corrupt your installation. registration may be required starting with version .of the capn, we asked that customers register their software before use. this process requires an activation code to 'unlock' the software for continued use. if you install this update on top of a version that did not require registration, you will be prompted to register. to register, please call maptech at 888-839-. how to install click the link below. in most instances, your web browser will ask if the file should be opened, or saved to your computer. choose save, then select a location to save the downloaded file in. if you are unfamiliar with downloading and applying software patches, we recommend choosing your "desktop"; select save in, desktop and press save. once the download completes, double-click the downloaded application that appears on your desktop. this will apply the download to your maptech installation. once that process is completed, you may run your maptech application and once working delete the download from your desktop. please note: do not save this update on top of your existing capn application. doing so will corrupt your installation, requiring a complete re-install to correct. version .. - july - support for very small symbols and text when a user places a mark. - modified telephone numbers to support the move of administrative and shipping functions to imaps group. version .. - feb - added support for new bsb version encrypted charts distributed by maptech and ndi. - fixed obscure problem with finding charts on systems that contained only one chart folder. version .. - oct - updated setup program so that a critical microsoft file is installed if missing from the user's xp system. version .. - sep - display of plotting sheet no chart available modified to show a more pleasant tan color, rather than the original white. version .. - aug - updated mosaic to handle additional information from navy asw system. version .. - aug - added non-toll free telephone number to registration screen for customers outside the united states. version .. - july - special release for navy anti submarine warfare version of capn mosaic. - added automatic dr mode if ship loses gps position while plotting targets. - modified "steer to off" routine so that the user can be creating a route and turn off the steer to without losing his add wpt cursor. - modified code to make sure the user nav console can be seen when capn mosaic is next run, even if you move the console off screen. version .. - july - tide and current station information updated. version .. - june - new version for navy anti-sub warfare use only. version .. - june - fixed problem with version control of the dnccreatechartfiles program distributed to u.s. military users. version .. - may - modified marks import from text file to honor line feeds for the notes. - repaired problem with dnc under old versions of windows nt. version .. - apr - added chart production support for imaps dnc. - added additional functionality to capn mosaic's support for pda remote applications, such as zcapn. zcapn now receives steering info, and can change between nav mode and plan mode. - zcapn version ..now has two tabs, one to display the chart, and the other to display the steering information, such as bearing to waypoint, time to go, vmg, etc. - fixed minor problem with marks, whereby editing a mark's position would result in a "ghost" mark on the display. version .. - mar - first official version that provides support for zcapn pda software. when your capn mosaic computer is connected to your windows ce or xenix hand held computer via a wireless network, a miniature version of the capn display is shown on the handheld display. version .. - mar - modified chart database module to fix a problem with some maptech charts, where the chart's reference point list does not match maptech's technical documentation. the module also now throws out a reference point if it specifies .n, .w - added "steer here" and "mob" options to the capn's chart server for pdas. - made the zoom by distance selection window honor your preference for distance nm, sm, km . - modified alarm feature when ship is inside a zone. if you deleted the "inside" style zone while the ship was inside, the "leaving zone" message would be triggered by mistake. version .. - feb - at the request of fishermen who use tracks extensively, added the ability to minimize the display tracks window. version .. - feb - added "remove photo" to right click marks menu. - install program modified to add test gps options to the start- programs-capn mosaic windows menu. version .. - feb - added text file export option for tracks so that you can import capn tracks into other applications. version .. - feb - added "right click" to the list of see through buttons if you select right click mode from charting preferences. this mode is for folks who use a touch screen, or a single button mouse. when you click the button, your next left click or touch is seen as a right mouse click by the capn, thus allowing you to use the right click pop up charting menus. - added pie-shaped graphics object, similar to a circle, used for specialized applications, such as showing the sector being scanned by a navy asw sonar system. version .. - jan - added support for maptech bsb style charts that are not referenced to wgs84 datum. such charts part of maptech's non-us inventory. version .. - jan - modified waypoint list window so that the proper note always appears for the selected waypoint. version .. - jan - modified routines that place a check mark next to mark options when you pick the option. check marks were not always being displayed under windows xp. - fixed problem caused by exiting the program when dr mode is turned on. version .. - jan - additional development work on dnc data. capn now displays special point symbols within such areas as anchorages. - fixed problem in capn classic whereby user could not call up the "edit" window while in the marks list. capn classic version now .. version .. - dec - the microsoft calendar control that has been used by capn products for the past four years now seems to cause problems for some users, based on the mix of software installed on their computers. capn mosaic and the tide and current modules now use a different type of date picking control. - for dnc vector chart option -- added ability for you to specify multipliers to determine the size of point, line and text objects. version .. - dec - additional customizations to data files so that nima dnc vector charts appear more like standard noaa paper charts in terms of symbology. version .. - dec - capn mosaic's web support module can now serve up bmp as well as gif image files to applications requesting chart imagery. - fixed obsure problem with the detection of a new chart cd being inserted into the cd player. version .. - dec - under some conditions, capn mosaic was showing two north arrows on each chart window when in split screen mode. - based on customer feed back, mosaic now "remembers" if you had two chart windows open, and the state of course up for each window. - changing from nav mode to plan mode and back see version ..on dec . if you did not have gps input, toggling nav mode would place you at the equator because the ship's position was n, w. the routine now makes sure you have gps position before checking on a jump to an improperly scaled chart view. version .. - dec - capn mosaic now remembers the last position and size of your capn video window. version .. - dec - for dnc vector chart option, added ntm number and issue date, plus projection to chart info. also fixed problem with some text attributes, such as italic underline. version .. - dec - if you have the dnc vector chart option, this version allows you to modify how text labels are displayed for all objects, such as buoys, place names, etc. version .. - nov - structure of capn dnc chart files modified to better support customization how nima data is displayed. version .. - dec - modified mark export list so that user can accurately sort on the distance field. - changed the priority of user-drawn objects. now, if a mark is over a track line, the marks popup menu will appear when you right click, instead of the track popup menu. - modified the routine that toggles nav mode to make sure that when you go into plan mode and move from a very small scale offshore chart onto a very large scale harbor chart, then go back into nav mode, there will be a chart shown at the ship's position. you were at a display scale of :,000, the only chart at the ship is :,200,000; thus the chart could not be shown at a display scale of :,000. we now change the display scale to match the chart at the ship. - first version where dnc objects, such as buoys, etc. can be customized. this requires that all customers who now use the dnc option must run the dnccreatecharts program found in the capn folder to rebuild their capn dnc files. our sample dnc17 files have already been rebuilt. version .. - nov - added the spacebar as a keyboard shortcut to suspend or resume alarm and information sounds. - we now save the most recent screen position for the photo transparency slider window so that the control will always appear where you wants it. - modified ship's track routine so that you can now edit the track's name at the end of a very long trip. right click on track, select track info version .. - nov - modified zoom out module to allow greater flexibility, plus added message that alerts you when you have reached the maximum zoom out level, as specified in the options sub menu that appears when you right click over the chart window. - added a new option called "confirm chart list upon start" under options- charting preferences. if you check off this option, we will scan your raster chart folders to detect if any files have been added, removed or updated. if we detect such an event, we rebuild our chart data dictionary file for the particular path. of course, you can always force such a rebuild by going to charts- set or refresh chart paths and then clicking the "save list" button. we only scan the paths found in the text file chartpathsmosaic. version .. - nov - modified chart data dictionary to handle change in maptech policy regarding charts that span the dateline, such as us chart 530. version .. - nov - routine that saves your most recent chart position and view scale now checks to make sure that the position is valid. version .. - nov - numerous enhancements made to the visibility of dnc vector chart text and marks by changing the default values supplied by national imagery and mapping agency. - adjustment made to vector chart safety depth alarm feature; "non-dangerous" objects now checked to make sure they do not violate the ship's minimum safety depth. version .. - oct - dnc option . . . added additional items to the look ahead alarm for the ship's minimum safety depth. the new items include underwater hazards, reefs, rocks, wrecks, pilings, and platforms. - the first release of our dnc vector chart option looked for depth areas, depth curves, and spot soundings. version .. - oct - minor internal modifications to enhance technical support. version .. - oct - added look-ahead option to ship minimum safety depth for capn's optional digital nautical chart vector data support. version .. - oct - initial version for our option that supports the digital nautical chart dnc vector data produced by the national imagery and mapping agency. version .. - sept - modified waypoint list window and printed report so that all speed distance time calculations honor the user's choice for nm, sm, or km. per charting preferences version .. - sep - moved the option menu items "night colors", "adjust night colors" and "set intensity" to a new fly out menu called "day night visibility", so we could add a new visibility option called "hi bright daytime controls" without making the main options menu too long. high bright daytime controls turns the normal gray background of labels and buttons to dark blue, and changes the text to white. this makes it easier to see the information when in high sunlight and glare conditions. - added route "send to" support for the znav program, which uses softcharts and runs on the sharp zaurus pda. - modified the nav aids query to alert customer if there are no nav aids within miles of mouse or ship position, and suggest that customer select another light list region. - the installation program now checks for the existence of windows media player. if it not installed, we run one of two windows media player setups, one for win and nt , the other for windows on up. version .. - aug - updated the links for several weather web pages whose url's were changed by the navy. version .. - aug - added transparent "buttons" that are displayed when you decide to hide the full button bar by clicking "hide buttons" in the upper right corner. - you can chose the foreground and background colors for the new transparent command buttons, as well as the font, size and style of the button text. you can also tell capn mosaic to not display these new buttons when you elect to hide the large button bar. see options- preferences- advanced settings - also, we now include two free sample routes from our popular northeast and icw cruising guides, produced by retired navy cmdr. wayne strausbaugh. these guides provide invaluable information about navigating and cruising the east coast from maine to key west. folks who use these optional cruising guides have nothing but praise for wayne's work. - along with the routes, we've also installed a few extra sample charts so you can see how the routes work. version .. - july - if you are using the adjust view distance window when you shut down mosaic, we will remember the window's size and placement and will restore the window the next time you launch capn mosaic. version .. - june - we modified the panning options so you can enable or disable chart view panning. the option is turned off by default. see options- preferences- advanced settings to enable chart view panning. - we modified the standard centering cursor to be more visible over dark backgrounds.
__label__non_math	0.9999	for its 35thedition, the 6th to be organised in south america, the dakar will set off on 5th january from rosario in argentina and finish in valparaiso in chile on 18th january, after a brief visit to bolivia, which will become the rally's 28th host country. the route, with several marathon stages on the agenda, will test the competitors race tactics as much as their endurance. lionel messi and the "che" were both born in rosario, the poet pablo neruda lived in valparaiso for many years, and simon bolivar, known as el libertador, has remained the continent s ultimate reference almost two centuries after his death. during the dakar, each competitor will draw his inspiration from the heroes which have influenced the history of the places which will be visited. the drivers and teams participating will have to rely on their physical resistance and their competitive spirit in particular, imbued with the values of off-road races, to achieve their objective. although the dakar s first visit to bolivia will principally focus on discovery, the competitors technical and sporting performances will essentially be tested in argentina and chile, which will be explored in very different way compared to the rally s previous editions in south america. the route, which will pass through north west argentina's canyons and sandy valleys, or the dunes of the atacama desert will require skilful driving as well the careful management of mechanical aspects. with longer special stages and several marathon stages, the dakar s competitors will constantly be required to tackle extreme endurance conditions. among the rally's participants, whose entry applications are expected from 15th may, this year the dakar will be giving pride of place to the future generations: ten places are reserved for the rally s newcomers who have won their entry during the five races featured on the dakar challenge s calendar. among them, two dakar series races will be held in south america: the desafio ruta in argentina and the first edition of the desafio inca, in peru. the key dates of the dakar - opening of entries:15th may - deadline for submitting motorcycle entries: 23rd june - deadline for submitting entries: 1st november - loading of european vehicles: end of november - technical verifications in rosario: 2nd to 4th january - start ceremony: 4th january - dakar: 5th to 18th january - rest day: 11th january in salta argentina the dakar challenge calendar - 31st may 2ndjune: tecate score baja 500 mexico - 15th 22nd june: desafio ruta argentina - 20th 23rd june: toyota kalahari botswana botswana - 12th 14th july: reno 500 usa - 20th 27th sept.: australasian safari australia - 3rd 6th october: desafio inca peru
__label__non_math	0.9983	direct mail, e-mail, sms messaging, internet they all offer unique opportunities for communicating more intensively and in a more focused manner with your target group. by combining the advantages of different channels, you will generate more impact and you can respond faster. but when should you use which medium? the answer to that question differs from campaign to campaign. as a starting point this is a three-step plan that is often successful: - prospecting phase: direct mail send a classic dm to prospect your target group. pass on a clear message and make clear what response you expect. - contact phase: web guide the prospect to a landing page or purl. on this personalised page he fills in the data that you need. - follow-up phase: e-mail with the information the prospect has shared with you, you can send him an e-mail with the answer to his questions and a personalised offer. our cross-channel platform supports you so you can get all aspects of your communications mix perfectly aligned among the new features of our platform also lies a new social media share function, which enables campaigns to reach beyond the recipient by allowing them to share the campaign messages and or offers with their social networks. with this tool, users can incorporate facebook and twitter share buttons within personalized urls purls and e-mails of a campaign, just like any other design element. for lead acquisition, the share buttons can be used to direct the recipients friends followers to a self-registration site where they can learn more and or sign up for that particular offer. for higher impact, the message generated after clicking a share button can include recipient-specific variable information in order to increase the response rate of the recipients friends followers. to find out more, contact us or order a free quickscan to identify how your existing marcom operations can benefit from automation.
__label__non_math	0.9999	david o. stewart, authority on the constitution, and former chief clerk to supreme court justice lewis powell, will speak at the third event of the saul i. stern cultural series at the jewish congregation of marco island, 991 winterberry road, p.m., sunday. stewart, the author of the the summer of : the men who invented the constitution, will tell his audience about the gossip, bargains, compromises the inside story behind the creation of one of the world s greatest documents the constitution of the united states. the speaker, graduate of yale and yale law school, has been involved as counsel in many important legal cases. stewart was the lead counsel in representing richard nixon in his impeachment trial before the united states senate. he became so interested in the process, that his latest book, soon to be published, is about impeachment the impeachment of andrew johnson. a question and answer period follows. the audience is invited to a reception to meet the speaker and a book signing after the event. tickets are for non-members. for information, call the synagogue office at 642-.
__label__non_math	1.0000	anglers, email your photos to firstname.lastname or post them at and we will compile your images into an online gallery that s featured each thursday morning here at naples on tuesday, the winds finally died down somewhat, and that made for easier fishing both inshore and off. the inshore bite has been pretty good even though the water temperature dropped into the upper 50s on friday. we are still seeing good live bait availability, and there is a lot of small bait in the bays, which is keeping the fish in an eating mode. the normal snook, reds, and amberjacks are now being supplemented by flounder, drum, and mackerel. spanish mackerel are to be found just outside the passes and well into the back as they follow the rivers of bait on an incoming tide. these mackerel are nice-sized, ranging up to three pounds, and when they hit it is at miles per hour. larger jacks are also roaming the bays, and when one of the big boys hits you may have to raise anchor and chase the fish or risk being spooled. on tuesday, i had an angler named peter tangle with a fish that weighed in at pounds. pound for pound, they are the strongest inshore fish around. offshore, the winds had curtailed some of the trips, and those that did get out stayed closer to shore. red grouper are still around in good numbers and willing to eat a cut sardine. by the way, as mentioned last week, the two-month closure for the red grouper has been eliminated, but we don't know when the rule will be implemented. hopefully, it will be prior to feb. , but it may start after that date. ten thousand islands: capt. rob walczak fished on saturday with steve murray from islamorada, and they did very well on snook and reds. rob was using jigs tipped with shrimp. he started the day with dozen, and used every one of them by day's end. over snook and reds fell for the jigs that were worked around bars and mangroves. most of the snook were in the - to -inch range, and the reds ranged from shorts to fish well in the slot. with the cooler water, capt. walczak also found a half-dozen nice trout, three black drum in the five-pound range, and some snapper. water quality was good, but the tide was a weak incoming due to the strong east wind. naples estero bay: on saturday and sunday, i fished estero bay and wiggins pass with earl brinker, "big fish" fred clayton and his son, fred. other than some pretty strong easterly winds, everything else was great. we started off early with two wells of nice pilchards, and the rest was history. saturday, the guys landed snook and six reds as well as flounder and trout. the largest red was pounds, and the rest were smaller, but in the slot. most of the snook were in the - to -inch range with a few larger mixed in. some of the jacks were pretty good-sized, and the largest we managed to land was pounds. sunday was a repeat performance, with a few more snook than on saturday, and another half-dozen nice reds. in spite of the wind, the water was not bad, even though we started out with a -degree reading on saturday, which improved to by sunday. offshore: capt. michael avinon took the "findicator" on an offshore run on saturday for a half day. he stopped at the head pin and made one through for bait, and with the baitwell full, headed out to about miles. once in the area it was a king mackerel blitz. the fish were eating up the live pilchards, which were fished on -pound spinning tackle. at least kings were brought to the boat, and they ranged up to pounds. for a real workout, a goliath weighing in at about 100 pounds was brought boatside and released. capt. michael reports that the red grouper are still plentiful and quite willing to eat cut herring or squid. he also reports that there is spotty red tide inside of seven miles.
__label__non_math	1.0000	greek yogurt is hailed for its richness and low caloric count. one cup of the nonfat variety has only 130 calories, and while it s packed with protein, it makes a great choice for breakfast with rhubarb compote or homemade granola. a dollop on top of pecan pie or folded into a fruit salad offers a tangy richness and is much healthier than sour cream. this recipe comes from david lebovitz s cookbook, the perfect scoop, allows the perfect opportunity to try greek yogurt out in frozen form. and it is truly delicious. the frozen yogurt is extremely creamy and it tastes great with just about any ice cream topping you can imagine. bye bye expensive frozen yogurt shops, hello homemade
__label__non_math	1.0000	camp roc isn t the typical summer camp experience. at camp roc we will take trips, play games, and have lots of fun, but campers will also have the unique opportunity to design and execute their very own research project. camp roc will provide students with an exciting research experience through a fun, camp-based intel international science and engineering fair isef curriculum. faculty and students of the school of mathematics and sciences and the school of education at marian university are enthused to offer individualized guidance on independent research projects that will prepare students for participation in intel isef affiliated science fairs. we look forward to helping students develop team work skills, perform leadership activities, and enjoy social networking with other novice researchers and professional scientists.
__label__non_math	1.0000	teach your children - erin o'neill recent news has been filled with the crimes committed by young adults. locally, there have been drug arrests, robberies, assaults. nationally, kids are going off the deep end and taking innocent bystanders with them. blame it on poverty, lack of good mental health programs, gun laws, george bush, aliens ... whatever. the fact is, our children feel they have been forgotten and we have really dropped the ball as a society. i grew up in marietta and then i moved away like a lot of young people. a lot of things had changed by the time i made the decision to move back - businesses are gone along with jobs, drugs are rampant, you really do have to lock your doors now. a lot is still the same. the people are genuinely nice, the community is quaint. but as i was growing up, i dealt with a lot of the same things our teens are dealing with now. we had school budget cuts and poverty. the drug problem was beginning to rear its ugly head. more emphasis was placed on bringing in tourists than providing an outlet for our teens with problems at home. luckily, i had marching band and community theater to keep me busy and out of trouble, for the most part. there were some efforts being made by folks in the community and there still are. but, too often, the public is not aware of these efforts. one such project, which i am personally involved with, is the effort of a group of young folks to rebuild the skateboard park at indian acres. i have never seen such a determined group of kids. their enthusiasm is contagious. however, because they ride skateboards and have funny clothes or hairstyles, they are viewed as punks, hoodlums, trouble makers. this stereotype is propagated because others have not made an effort to talk to them, get to know them and their cause. but they are exactly the type of kids that we need in this community. they are working against the stigma and working for change. they are working to better their society ... and have a little fun at the same time. they come from all different backgrounds. some live on farms. some are honor students. others attend college or have to jobs. they are male and female, pre-teens and thirty-somethings and they are our friends and neighbors. i applaud the work these kids have done to raise money on their own. i salute those who have decided to get involved and help them out. the area's problem with drugs and unemployment isn't going to be cured overnight and front page headlines of youth in trouble aren't going to suddenly disappear. but knowing that there are some young people working hard to change their destiny makes me proud to have moved back home. no comments posted for this article. post a comment
__label__non_math	0.9997	a dedicated group of marietta girl scouts has been hatching plans for a specially designed butterfly garden at marietta middle school. the project, which is being completely planned and built by the six freshmen and sophomore girls in girl scout troop 424, is proving to be a great learning experience for the girls, said troop leader laura dye. but the project will also provide an excellent hands-on learning experience for two middle school classes geared toward students with learning delays, said deborah kiefer, an intervention specialist for a class designed for students with multiple disabilities. jasmine rogers the marietta times from left, marietta middle school teacher deborah kiefer, along with member tori slonaker, leader laura dye and member sarah dennis, of senior girl scout troop 424, survey the a large grassy space behind the middle school, which is the future sight of a handicapped accessible butterfly learning lab to be planned and constructed by the troop. "about three years ago, mrs. elizabeth houck and i wanted to develop an outdoor garden through which students could learn life skills as well as cover all the academic subjects," said kiefer. however, kiefer and houck could not secure funding for the project and hit a dead end. but the idea gained new life when troop 424 was talking about community activities they might like to do for a gold award project, the highest achievement a senior girl scout can achieve, said dye. about the project senior girl scout troop 424 is planning and building a handicapped accessible butterfly learning lab at marietta middle school. the lab will consist of six garden beds, each designed with plants that attract and nourish a specific species of butterfly throughout its life cycle. two of the six beds will have trays, making them easy to access by wheelchair, and two will have benches for seating. the garden will also have two smaller beds for herbs. the gardens will be open to everyone but are designed specifically to provide a hands-on learning opportunity for students with multiple disabilities or cognitive disorders. "one of the girls in my troop, megan warner, is a twin. her twin sister jessica has cerebral palsy and is in a wheelchair," she said. the group began talking about how much jessica's teacher had wanted to create a handicapped accessible garden for students and decided it would be a perfect project. the garden will consist of six larger butterfly beds and two smaller herb beds built on an open grassy space behind the middle school and overlooking the frontier shopping center. each of the six girls is responsible for one of the larger beds, explained dye. "each of the six girls has researched a different type of butterfly and they've had to find out which plants will attract their butterfly," explained dye. the research process has been particularly fun, said troop member sarah dennis, a sophomore at marietta high school. "my butterfly has the cutest caterpillar ever. it looks like a tiny little sea creature," said dennis, who researched the painted lady. but, she added, butterflies are very high maintenance. fellow troop member tori slonaker, also a mhs sophomore, agreed that the process was a lot more laborious than it sounds. "the babies need different plants than the adults and they lay their eggs somewhere else," explained slonaker, who was responsible for researching the melissa blue. warner, the group's only freshman, will be researching the monarch. also creating beds are sophomores stephanie dye for a tiger swallowtail, marcy huffman for a zebra swallowtail and becca immele for the diana fritillary. the six butterfly beds will all be wheelchair height and easily accessible. two will have trays attached to the side for even easier wheelchair access and another two will have benches for seating, said laura dye. the girls have also been responsible for keeping research binders, complete with pictures and information about the butterfly and all the plants in their bed, she said. the binders will be given to the school for future use, said laura. the learning opportunities for the gardens are endless, said kiefer. "for math, we might measure the length of the lumber. in science, we can learn about biomes and habitats that support the life. an art teacher might take a class out for inspiration," she said. the project will also be a good lesson in responsibility and ongoing commitment, said kiefer. her class as well as houck's will be responsible for maintaining the site throughout the school year, she said. the girls will start physically building the gardens on saturday, and will largely be responsible for that work as well, said laura dye. that is why she has asked multiple carpenters to assist the girls. "they can work one-on-one with each girl and help teach them what to do. but this is the gold award the girls are earning, so i told them they can encourage and support, but they should make the girls do it," she said. the scouts will then paint and line the beds march and , fill the beds with dirt and soil in april and plant their chosen flowers in may, said laura. the last step is what dennis is most looking forward to, she said. "i love planting flowers and seeing all the colors when they've bloomed," she said. and slonaker said she is excited to present the project to kiefer and houck's classes. "i just want to see the kids and their reactions," she said.
__label__non_math	0.9918	worms taxon tree expanding one branch will make other branches collapse. click on any name to see the details recorded in the database for that taxon.
__label__non_math	0.9857	everything in washington eventually boils down to how our tax dollars are going to be spent, and the super bowl of politics is the perennial budget brawl to determine who wins and who loses. as the new house member from the 2nd congressional district, jared huffman is getting a crash course in the high-stakes wrangling over how to resolve the debt ceiling issue, which congress has about three months to resolve before we run out of money, raising the specter of a government shutdown. fresh from bipartisan orientation meetings, huffman says this has the gop tied in knots. "their dilemma is that 100 percent of credible economists, including top gop economists ... warn that the debt ceiling must be increased and should not be politicized." but that is exactly what is happening, with he and other new members being told, "the debt ceiling is not a hostage you can take because you can't shoot it." "unless of course, adds huffman, "you're interested in creating a global financial crisis." according to huffman, a surprising number of congressional leaders are prepared to do just that. this is complicated by the fact that speaker john boehner is seen as having caved into white house demands for higher taxes without extracting broad spending cuts as part of "fiscal cliff" negotiations. this gives boehner "a very tenuous hold on his speakership ... and any reasonable debt ceiling deal would likewise require boehner hopes to get around this dilemma by invoking the "hastert rule" named after former gop speaker dennis hastert , which declares that all legislation must have the support of "a majority of the majority" to come to the full floor for a vote. if he abides by this injunction, boehner hopes to be seen as absolved of blame when he goes head to head with obama. while he does not think the future bodes well for compromise, huffman says, "my hope is that the closer we get to default and or government shutdown, there will be a serious reality check." he anticipates "huge pressure from the business community, market reactions and public opinion," that will force a timely resolution. the alternative for the republicans, "is to allow their tea party colleagues to drive our economy off a cliff." he also says the price for a deal might be boehner's ejection as speaker by gop hardliners. if that happens, one possibility being openly talked about is the potential restoration of nancy pelosi of san francisco as speaker. still, if she cannot garner the necessary 218 votes and the tea party cannot muster an equal number to elect a more radical leader, an unseemly coalition made up mainly of democrats and boehner loyalists could preserve his speakership. "this would make for a very unusual political dynamic for the rest of the 113th congress," huffman says. the party that loses a presidential election typically falls into disarray. the conservative banner was shredded by obama's victory. for the gop to become viable as a national party, it has no choice but to expand its demographic appeal to include hispanics, young people and more women. first it will either have to subdue or expel the tea party. richard rubin of strawberry writes about political issues and is president of a public affairs management firm. his email is email
__label__non_math	0.9997	a family that skis together, stays together published: tuesday, updated: tuesday, if someone was to do enough digging in the storage closet in room 349 in the marist college student center, they would find an edition of the student yearbook, the reynard, from , with pages in it dedicated to the ski team. in a small community like marist, it would seem hard to fly under the radar while doing something for at least -plus years. however, marist's club ski team has managed to do just that. "i kind of wish people even knew we had a ski team," said nicolette coan, a senior and co-captain of the team. recognizing the perceived anonymity of the team, junior co-captain shawn bartosik noted what he appreciates about the team maintaining a low profile. "it's a tricky situation," said bartosik, "because we want to be known, and we want to get ourselves out there. but the big thing we pride ourselves on is being a family." it's a sentiment that was echoed by senior, coan and head coach jakob hawkins hanenberg. "ten years out of school, and the people i keep in touch with the most from marist are my friends from the ski team," said hanenberg. "i have friends that are married, and have kids, that met on the ski team. i know people that stayed at marist because of their bond with the ski team." coan is one of those people. "i know as a freshman, the only reason that i came back as a sophomore was because of the ski team," said coan. " upperclassmen were so supportive, telling me i could stay at their house, always asking me how i was doing, and it was really nice to have that support system." hanenberg believes that the team's status as a club sport, and the responsibility that is placed upon the leaders of the team, helps contribute to the bond among the ski team. "there are three or four members of the team who really run the whole organization," hanenberg said. "i think there's something about having to be in charge of your own thing, not having a coach that does everything for you, and not having the school do everything for you; it creates a bond." club sports leaders are given a significant amount of responsibility. due to their status, major financial and administrative decisions are made by students, in ways that would be handled by higher-ups in an ncaa sport. kristy nix, the coordinator of intramurals and club sports, oversees all of the eleven club sports on campus. the ski team reports to her for assistance with all of their administrative processes. one of the biggest hurdles for every club on campus is financial maintenance. "each club sport on campus has a budget," nix said, "while varsity sports have a budget as well, it's a lot bigger than what we run with here. "the team has a president, vice president, treasurer, and secretary," nix said, "they have coaches, but it is predominantly student run. they get to make the decisions, and for the most part, have control over things." the distinction between club and ncaa sports is typically one that is determined and adhered to by the athletic director, the director of college activities, and the vice president of club of affairs. marist college's director of college activities, bob lynch explained what makes a club team different than the ncaa clubs the school sponsors. "the sports club experience helps our students in between intramurals and varsity sports," lynch said. "the men and women who are involved in these sports clubs are usually a little more competitive. they don't necessarily want to go into varsity, but they want to be competitive at the level of the sport they're in. lynch added that there is a letter of permission necessary from the athletic director to determine whether or not the students are allowed to pursue the sport at a club level. yet, the challenge emerges for this club, while being mostly dependent upon itself to continue to make the decisions necessary to continue its existence, must also think about remaining competitive. "we practice in the gym two days a week for a couple months, just do some light workouts, some team-building, get to know everybody, see who would be a good fit for the team," said bartosik. "right after thanksgiving we take a day trip up to hunter mountain, and we put everyone through drills to see who can ski, to see how good at maneuvering around obstacles they are, and to see how well they would do, and we pick the best skiers for the spots that we have." the tournaments that the ski team attends are held in vermont, new york, and other states throughout the northeast. the team puts their practice to the test in these tournaments, and they compete against the other six teams in their league. while the team's performance may vary from year to year, a common thread connects the years--the team's van trips to these tournaments
__label__non_math	1.0000	welcome to the future of business. now. market america and shop.com are changing the way people shop and changing the economic paradigm so everyone can become financially independent by creating their own economy. market america's unfranchise business is a proven plan with clear vision and strength, enabling independent shop consultants to earn residual income, which can lead toward financial security. company quick facts - over .billion in estimated accumulated retail sales - individuals have earned over .billion in retail profit and commissions - over billion annually - ,500 exclusive market america-branded products services - over million additional products services through affiliates and direct partners - ,000 sq. ft. technology research development center at our headquarters and fulfillment center in greensboro, nc - operates globally in the united states, canada, mexico, australia, hong kong, taiwan and the united kingdom
__label__non_math	0.9939	apple buys chomp, may make app store less impossible for as incredible and game changing and amazing as the apple app platform is, there s no getting around that navigation for the thing just sucks. you can generally find the top ten in a number of categories, and some featured apps that seem sort of arbitraty, but after that things fall off pretty rapidly. you can t, for instance, go to the angry birds app and then find other apps that are similar or were bought by the same customers the way you might at amazon. that may change. apple has acquired a company called chomp, which is a search startup. chomp s software lets people search through the hundreds of thousands of downloadable applications available for apple s ipad and iphone, as well as gadgets running google inc. s android operating system. users can enter queries such as tip calculator or kids games to get different options of apps that fit those descriptions.
__label__non_math	0.9999	entertainment consists of any activity that provides the general public with pleasure during their leisure time. these activities may include watching television, attending a theatrical or performance or the opera, going to the movies, attending a sporting event, and playing a variety of board games or video games. recreational activities are intended specifically for the therapy provided for the physical, mental, and emotional states of the mind and body. the most usual recreational activities include writing, art, yoga, trips to amusements parks, or attending restaurants, but new sectors such as adventure tourism, motor sports, and extreme events such as bungee jumping or sky diving have emerged in this realm as well. the tourism sector consists of travel and tour agencies used by the public to book trips and vacations, and as such ties in neatly with the travel sector of travel and leisure. there are many different forms of travel for those partaking in trips and vacations, including air and sea travel as well as on land. cruises are popular for the travel and leisure industry, as are a variety of destination resorts worldwide.
__label__non_math	0.9775	maximum security. anti-phishing. buy now your ev certificate in marketware. under the audits to marketware europe uses a methodology for analysis of security that focuses on rapid detection of vulnerabilities, complemented by further investigation, to remove false positives and explore areas where the tools to detect vulnerabilities are not as effective. the marketware europe uses as a reference in their security projects, iso , regarding the evaluation of policies, practices and procedures of security. however, in the areas of security audit, especially when held in an approach to ethical hacking, marketware europe seeks to use the more specific approaches involving the untimely access to the network, systems and applications. the marketware europe, as representative of qualys can use this area one of its solutions "qualysguard internet scanner", with the aim of providing very detailed analysis of vulnerabilities at early stages of projects. to complement and possibly deepen the results detected, the marketware europe uses a whole set of security tools available on the internet, especially the tools listed in the marketware europe can still use other techniques to enhance the detail achieved in previous cases, including mechanisms used by hackers, including techniques of social engineering.
__label__non_math	0.9926	last week, i gave readers several new year's resolutions that they should make in . today, i offer advice about what not to do in . don't engage in a financial relationship with someone who seems more interested in your assets and his product lineup than your concerns, your family and your personal financial goals. don't think of your home as an investment. once you subtract the cost of repairs, remodeling, mortgage interest, property taxes, insurance, landscaping, selling costs, etc., you'll be lucky if your "investment" keeps up with inflation. don't be duped by the wall street promise machine. wall street's big players use advertising as propaganda; attempting to trick you into believing that they are smarter than the competition or have some secret that will give you high returns with low risk. don't be fooled. last year, of actively managed stock mutual funds under performed their benchmark index. let's play a game. you punch me once and then i'll punch you three times. how long would you play? don't waste time feeling foolish or regretting past financial mistakes. better to spend your time figuring out how to get to your financial goals from where you are today. get the answer to the most important financial planning question "how large does my nest egg need to be so that i can retire at the time and in the lifestyle of my choosing?" investing for retirement is a complex project that requires expertise in subjects that few investors possess, so don't hesitate to find competent help. don't overestimate your investment prowess. we men especially have a tendency to overestimate our investing skill as well as our portfolio's performance. few investors know their portfolio's rate of return. even fewer know how it compares to a comparable portfolio of index funds. don't think for a second that you can get quality financial advice at a price that is less than what you would pay for annual lawn care. much financial advice is being offered for free, or close to it these days. but i don't believe that first-rate financial planning and wise advice are commodities to be purchased from the lowest cost provider. don't invest in anything that you don't fully understand. don't buy any complex or confusing investment product without getting a second opinion from a financial professional who has no economic interest in the transaction. don't waste your time trying to find a prognosticator or guru who knows what the stock market will do this year. i'd rather drink sour eggnog than listen to all those stock market predictions that occur this time of year. unfortunately, on wall street, guessing is often mistaken for the gift of prophecy. your financial advisor doesn't know either. there are three types of financial advisors. the first type has no idea what the stock market will do in and is not ashamed to admit it. the second type has no idea but won't admit it for fear of losing clients. this type of advisor is dangerous. the third type has no idea but believes that he does. this type of advisor is radioactive. don't think for a second that you can jump start your retirement planning by finding the next apple before its price takes off. your losing picks will bring financial and emotional despair long before you find your needle in a haystack. better to buy the haystack by investing in a total stock market index fund. then you will own the american economy, a more stable and reliable investment than any one stock. don't invest in an asset because you think its price will go up. if it doesn't go up in the short run you'll probably sell at a loss, adding one more item to your list of "financial mistakes i wish i hadn't made. invest in an asset because it will harmonize well with the other assets in your portfolio over the long haul. the best way to save for retirement is not by stock picking or market timing but by saving as much as you can and investing it in a low cost, tax efficient manner. don't forget that the most valuable retirement asset that you own cannot be priced in dollars. it is the sum of your character, education, natural talent and experience. for most of us this human capital is our most valuable, yet least appreciated, possession. if you live in america, you have the opportunity, unmatched anywhere else in the world, to bring your human capital to the workplace of your choosing for the benefit of yourself, your family and your community.
__label__non_math	0.9981	washington marketwatch of the handful of dow jones industrial average components scheduled to report quarterly financial results tuesday, three handed in their third-quarter report cards: coca-cola co., johnson johnson and unitedhealth group inc. the other two blue chips slated to report international business machines corp. quotes zigman quotes nls ibm ibm . and intel corp. quotes zigman quotes nls intc intc . will do so after tuesday s bell. more about stocks to watch during trading day in movers shakers as of monday, nearly of the s p 500 index quotes zigman spx . companies that have reported third-quarter results had beaten earnings estimates, according to thomson reuters. nearly reported in line with expectations as roughly came in below expectations. see: stocks face first peak of earnings season. pandit steps down as citigroup's ceo citigroup chief executive vikram pandit is stepping down, effective immediately, and will be succeeded by michael corbat. early companies of note third-quarter results showed goldman sachs swinging to a profit of .a share, a reversal following its year-earlier loss, as revenue reached .a share on revenue of .billion. goldman s year-over-year revenue growth in investment banking and in fixed income, currency and commodities client execution rose by and , respectively. goldman s board also approved a boost in the company s quarterly dividend to cents a share, payable dec. to stockholders of record as of nov. . see more on goldman s results. johnson johnson quotes zigman quotes nls jnj jnj . posted a lower third-quarter net profit as adjusted earnings showed a slight increase to a consensus-beating .a share, from .a share, in the year-earlier period. the health-care and consumer-products company s quarterly revenue climbed to .billion. j j also updated its profit outlook and now pegs earnings in a range of .a share; the consensus stands at .a share. see more on johnson johnson s quarterly results and outlook. weidner: pandit leaves citi without an identity citi shares recover after pandit resigns pandit quits citigroup, shocking wall street poll: rate pandit's performance tweets about pandit's resignation read corbat's staff memo wsj.com pandit steps down as citigroup's ceo coca-cola co. quotes zigman quotes nls ko ko -. served up a third-quarter net profit of .billion, or cents, earned in the same period during . earnings on an adjusted basis would have been cents a share for the latest quarter, as quarterly revenue reached .billion. global volume growth came to for the latest quarter. see more on coca-cola s results. third-quarter earnings for unitedhealth group inc. quotes zigman quotes nls unh unh . came in well ahead of forecast. the health-insurance giant posted quarterly earnings of .a share. the profit easily exceeded the .billion. in addition, the company revised higher its profit forecast to a range of .a share. the company became a dow component in late september, replacing kraft foods and signaling the importance of the health-care industry to the u.s. economy. see more about unitedhealth s results and outlook. pnc financial services group inc. quotes zigman quotes nls pnc pnc . tallied growth in third-quarter profit, to .a share, from the prior year s .a share. total quarterly revenue generated by the pittsburgh-based company rose to .billion. pnc s overall credit quality improved on a sequential basis, as reflected in a decline in nonperforming assets as well as a lower provision for credits losses. mattel inc. quotes zigman quotes nls mat mat . posted third-quarter net profit of .a share, up from of .billion. strength in other brands compensated for quarterly weakness in barbie sales, the results showed. the factset-compiled consensus had been for mattel to turn in earnings of cents a share on sales of .billion. read more on mattel results. inside the softbank-sprint deal softbank's billion investment will put sprint nextel on a path to rival u.s. giants verizon wireless and at t. after the bell intel is expected to report third-quarter earnings of cents a share, a fall of from the same period a year ago. sales may drop to .billion. intel s report will arrive following last week s revenue warning from chip maker advanced micro devices inc. quotes zigman quotes nls amd amd . , which cited weaker-than-expected demand as reason for the move. read: intel results on deck amid grim chip outlook. intel in september pulled back its own sales forecast for the third quarter because of weak demand, excess inventory, and slowing emerging-markets growth. the warnings from both intel and amd underscored issues facing companies that make pc components, including growing competition from tablets. see story on warnings from chip makers. earnings for ibm are expected to jump to .billion. focal points for big blue s results will likely be the software and global business services segments, which both underperformed in the last quarter, stifel nicolaus analyst david grossman told clients on monday. for software, which represents of ibm s revenue, growth in the second half of the year should benefit from improving transactional sales performance as the june quarter progressed, and from billion in healthy acquisition activity, in the first half of , grossman wrote. stifel nicolaus has a buy rating on ibm. read blog post: will big blue get a bounce from its earnings report?
__label__non_math	0.9998	accesswire-tnw via comtex -- oncologix tech inc otcqb:oclg . 142. on will mark the fifth year since the company stopped development on their brachytherapy radiation therapy device, the oncosphere system, for the advanced medical treatment of soft tissue cancers; terminated the employment of all of their personnel with the exception of their cfo, who is working on a consulting basis; and essentially closed up shop. the stock is currently up due to an uncompensated alert by a promoter. oncologix tech, inc. oncologix was engaged in the development of brachytherapy device, through its subsidiary, iutm, subject to the master license agreement with the university of maryland, baltimore. find out more about oclg here: eastman kodak company otcqb:ekdkq 500 million to buy eastman kodak co's patents out of bankruptcy. the two companies, competing for dominance of the smartphone market, have partnered after leading two separate groups this summer to buy some of kodak's ,100 imaging patents. find out if ekdkq could maintain the momentum by getting the free full report here: monstertradingalerts.com issues momentum alerts on stocks that can provide gains to day traders. monstertradingalerts.com provides members with timely information and exclusive alerts on cheap and under-valued stocks in the united states with the potential to deliver gains of - or more. monstertradingalerts.com monitors and scans the markets for stock related signals as well as any external factors that might bring trading opportunities. through a vast network of ir professionals monstertradingalerts.com is often in the know of several large investor awareness campaigns being deployed. timing is everything when trading penny stocks. gain an edge by joining the monstertradingalerts.com newsletter and receiving alerts from a pro-active team of researchers. trading alerts believes traders should have a chance at successfully trading penny stocks and invites traders and investors you to be part of the free vip membership. simply sign up for free and start receiving exclusive alerts. subscribe here: monstertradingalerts.com disclosure: monstertradingalerts.com is not a registered investment advisor and nothing contained in any materials should be construed as a recommendation to buy or sell securities. investors should always conduct their own due diligence with any potential investment. please visit monstertradingalerts.com website, for complete risks and disclosures. alexander k. neumann monster trading alerts
__label__non_math	0.7784	washington marketwatch -- a midday rebound in u.s. stocks wasn't sustained, with the dow jones industrial average reversing into the red. the dow quotes zigman djia . fell points, or . , to ,948. the other major averages also fell, with the nasdaq composite quotes zigman comp . down . to ,159. read the full story: stocks edge up on earnings; nasdaq falls
__label__non_math	1.0000	sunnyvale, ca-- marketwire - - blue coat systems, inc., a market leader in web security and wan optimization, today introduced new updates for blue coat packetshaper appliances that enable businesses to fully embrace web, cloud and mixed-use recreational applications on the corporate network while providing a high quality user experience for maximum employee productivity. the newest advances for packetshaper appliances provide visibility into web applications and operations as well as the group and user-level policies that allow businesses to gain control over the shadow it infrastructures that arise from the introduction of applications onto the corporate network without it's knowledge. increasingly, employees look to web and cloud-based applications to increase their productivity, yet it typically cannot see or control these applications. as a result, they can consume a disproportionate amount of corporate bandwidth and impact the performance of other mission-critical applications. the new packetshaper enhancements include: - granular application and operation visibility: packetshaper appliances now classify web, native mobile and mobile browser applications and their operations, providing businesses with a comprehensive, detailed view of traffic on the corporate network. - group and user-level control: packetshaper appliances now provide businesses with the ability to set granular group or user-level policies that assure a high quality experience for users that rely on web and cloud-based applications to do their jobs. - aggregate view of user-level activity: the new enhancements also provide an aggregate view of a user's activity across all the devices they are using on the network, giving businesses the comprehensive information they require to set appropriate quality of service policies. "as an integrator of it and audio systems for super yachts, van berge henegouwen's objective is to deliver an online user experience for the owner that rivals what is available in their home," said andre klepper, it manager, van berge henegouwen. "packetshaper offers the ability to prioritize traffic on board any vessel and allocate the appropriate bandwidth to critical applications and communication apps, while maximizing the internet experience for the owners. understanding bandwidth being used by specific crew members allows the on-board engineer to better manage tradeoffs." with the new packetshaper enhancements, businesses can embrace new web and cloud applications that their employees require to be efficient in their jobs without ceding control of the network. to do this, the packetshaper appliances allow businesses to do the following: - better understand how users, applications and operations are consuming bandwidth - prioritize and guarantee bandwidth for critical application operations on a targeted group and user basis, enabling a better user experience for employees - identify and contain unsanctioned application use cases the granular application and operation controls combined with the ability to set quality of service policies at the user level allow enterprises to guarantee bandwidth for it mandated web and cloud-based applications and operations, resulting in a better user experience that will encourage adoption of preferred applications. for example, a business could prioritize the uploading and downloading of files from box.com while limiting those operations for other online storage sites that the company hasn't standardized on. these new advances also provide businesses with a powerful tool for managing complex, mixed-use web applications such as facebook or youtube. with user-level policies, businesses can provide employees in the marketing group with guaranteed bandwidth to upload videos. this granular control allows businesses to open their networks to mixed-use applications without compromising the performance of other mission-critical business applications. "byod, social networking and complex web applications with business and non-business uses have a major impact on bandwidth budgets and application performance, yet businesses typically lack visibility into and control over the shadow it infrastructures that they introduce to the corporate network," said mark urban, senior director of product marketing, blue coat systems. "packetshaper is changing that dynamic by shedding light on these shadow infrastructures and giving businesses the ability to embrace these technologies and empower their employees." packetshaper appliances classify all applications on the network and are integrated into the blue coat webpulse service to provide real-time categorization of tens of millions of web sites and applications. new web, native mobile and mobile browser applications and operations that are classified in webpulse will be available to all packetshaper appliances without requiring software updates or plug-ins. for businesses, this up-to-the-minute intelligence about web content and applications on the corporate network will allow them to embrace new applications without sacrificing control or the performance of other mission-critical business applications. the packetshaper .software update is now available to all customers with a current service agreement. about blue coat systems blue coat systems provides web security and wan optimization solutions to percent of fortune global 500 companies. as the market share leader in the secure web gateway market, blue coat sets the standard for enterprise security. its solutions provide the visibility, protection and control required to optimize and secure the flow of information to any user, on any network, anywhere. for additional information, please visit blue coat, packetshaper, webpulse and the blue coat logo are registered trademarks or trademarks of blue coat systems, inc. and or its affiliates in the united states and certain other countries. all other trademarks mentioned in this document are the property of their respective owners.
__label__non_math	0.9999	sugar land, tx-- marketwire - - researched by industrial info resources sugar land, texas -- new project activity for the food beverage industry reported by industrial info for september posted projects with expenditures of 500,000 to 703 million from projects, while maintenance expenditures were million spread across projects. for details, view the entire article by subscribing to industrial info's premium industry news at or browse other breaking industrial news stories at industrial info resources iir , with global headquarters in sugar land, texas, and eight offices outside of north america, is the leading provider of global market intelligence specializing in the industrial process, heavy manufacturing and energy markets. industrial info's quality-assurance philosophy, the living forward reporting principle , provides up-to-the-minute intelligence on what's happening now, while constantly keeping track of future opportunities. to contact an office in your area, visit the "contact us" page.
__label__non_math	0.9935	join me on facebook follow me on twitter more 'toons here or subscribe here. mark you have really done great work this time now let me suggest a few follow-ups in the same vein: how about a rendition of jiminy cricket's "give a little whistle" as a theme song for our precious k street lobbyists? "when you need some inlfuence and there's no time to lose, give a little whistle and always let your conscience be your guide a perfect tribute to the inherant contradictions of the emerging tea party could be "send in the clowns". this song would also work as a tribute to the pointless last two years of barack obama's efforts a bi-partisanship. finally, an elvis-like rendition of "my way" as a tribute to america's first village idiot as president,filiao george w. bush. i'm surprised that fiore defends obamacare like it really works for the people. . . i doubt it can ever work correctly for the people since it was created by bureaucrats. didn't we even hear the politicians in this administration admit that there are problems with it like the demands for all the 1099s; the sky high insurance rates being charged even before obamacare kicks in for adults? i'm not seeing any plus's here. oh sure, your kids can be insured up to age on 'your' policy, but isn't there something about them having to already be on your policy to enjoy that bonus? look; this administration says 'why can't we just fix it - not repeal and replace it? well, i must ask the same question, why didn't you think of that before you created obamacare? why didn't you just fix the insurance we originally had? after all, some people thought it was better than this one. it just needed tweeking, like mandating insurance companies cover pre-existing conditions.... lower costs.....etc. fiore seems to be going in the wrong direction lately with their political cartoons.....i'm wondering if they've turned progressive? what's up? why is it that most of the people who crusade against "obamacare" seem to have no idea what it actually involves? if we eliminated private insurance and provided full coverage to everyone as a public service, we'd save a ton of money while eliminating any more worries about not being able to get care or about going bankrupt. virtually every other country has done something like this, including staunchly capitalist ones like taiwan and singapore. but the recent law does not do this. it only puts a few extra regulations on insurers who will probably come up with ways around them -- they're good at that and threatens the rest of us with fines if we don't buy their highly defective product. "why didn't he just tweak the existing system" is a profoundly stoopid question, because that's exactly what he did do. fiore is a he, not a they, by the way. and progressive isn't the wrong direction, unless you really want to see the public left to the mercy of big-money interests. how is this related to the video? the corporations have learned that they can make and sell their products offshore and they don't need us anymore. workers are screwed on a regular basis. i think if they are human they should also get the demands of being human like responsibility and jail time when they damage workers and the country. thanks , mr. fiore sadly, mr. fiore acts as a propagandist for the rulers of this nation... the people behind the corporations... by echoing the popular lie oft droned by brain-dead liberals and social democrats that corporations are entities with wills that make decisions, set policy, buy and control politicians, etc. it's hard for me to imagine how ignorant such a view is. corporations have no more consiousness than a hammer. both are tools. in the case of the corporation, it is the most refined and sophisticated tool of organization those who exploit and rule have yet to devise. but corporations are just tools. it those who wield those tools... the people... the group of people... the class of people... who wield those tools... who are making the decisions and setting national and international policy in their interest, via the government they created and control. in the movie "the usual suspects" one of the characters says "the most clever thing the devil ever did was convince people he did not exist". well, i've never had any belief in the idiotic superstition known as religion, or the specific abrahamic nonsense about "god" and "devil". but that line was quite insightful: one of the smartest things the ruling class of this country ever did was convince most of those they exploit in it that they don't exist and that said exploitation just doesn't occur . sadly, mark's cartoon just re-enforces that clever lie. mg anonymous, you are, obviously, a corporate tool or out of touch with reality. unfortunately, mr. fiore still believes that just because he watches msnbc instead of fox news he gets the "real" version of events. you can tell this quite easily when it comes to his depictions of the "nasty taliban threat" these days also known as "any civilian" to people who care more about truth than propaganda . but than again mr. fiore should do a bit more than just repeat and parody most of the propaganda that's on the news. which is not easy for most americans in his mindset: - read wikileaks? evil - watch al jazeera? evil - watch russia today or read ria novosti? evil - watch at least bbc-news? evil you see, that's why although he deserved his pulitzer he's still just one of those mild-mannered and pseudo-academic critics who don't change squat in this country. first you say that corporations don't buy off politicians and set the national agenda, then you say they do.... this makes no sense. he probably would say "the government controls the news presented by the major news corporations" if so, then it does make sense. ukelele ike sings about corporate heart's desire... if they only had hearts. when i started watching this, i thought it was going to be an attack on crony capitalism. alas, it is an attack on free speech and freedom of association. for those of you who are constitutionally illiterate, the first amendment reads: "congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances." on this last point, if you want to reduce the problem of rent-seeking and crony capitalism, the only way to do so - without violating the first amendment - is to reduce the size, scope, power, and financial resources of the federal government. if there is less power, money, and influence for our political class to peddle, there won't be nearly so many lobbyists going to washington with hat in hand, begging for alms. here's an alternative cartoon illustrating this point - and yes, this problem is endemic on both sides of the political aisle. - h. roark ..or change laws making it a crime for lobby groups to undertake the actions they do. pressure should be from the people at the ballot box. not full-time lawyers paid to do nothing more than push the interests of their corporate employers. either way, corporate profits are soaring, meanwhile the average american has been treading water at around the same wages and standard of living as they had in . the only thing satisfying us all is huge technological changes that make us appear wealthier higher-end tech gets more affordable very quickly . we also have a huge and confusing media culture that distracts and misinforms the masses. the constitution in that regards was mentioning people not corporations. everyone knew then as now that corporations were not people. if anything we need more government to control these cronies and maybe even a few new amendments to the constitution regulating big business even more. government is not the problem. corporatism and unregulated capitalism is. you claim that "corporations are not people." really? have you ever witnessed a stapler, photo-copier, pencil sharpener, lathe, drill-press, or any other type of office machine, plant, or equipment "petition ing its government for a redress of grievances?" or paying the corporate income tax, for that matter? a corporation is not an inanimate object. rather, it is an amalgamation of free people who have "peaceably assembled" in order to develop products and or services they can sell at prices that are: a higher than the costs necessary to produce them, b lower than what their competitors are charging all else being equal e.g., cost of shipping, convenience, quality level, etc. , and c at or lower than their customers' maximum willingness to pay i.e., at or below the demand curve . stated differently, a corporation is a group of people who have freely chosen to work together and or chosen to pool their financial resources together to achieve this end. if you don't understand why corporations form naturally, perhaps you should take a few minutes to understand ronald coase's influential article titled, "the nature of the firm" summary available at - . regardless of how or why corporations have evolved, the bottom line is that they are made up of free people i.e., employees and shareholders , and these people have natural rights that no government has the moral authority to deny to them. are there corporate leaders i.e., people who engage in legalized plunder by rent-seeking i.e., crony capitalism ? yes, of course there are why is it that left-liberals believe labor unions i.e., people should have first amendment rights, but non-unionized employees and shareholders i.e., other people should be denied these same rights? be consistent dear mr. roark, i agree that corporations form naturally and i agree that they are generally formed by individuals joining together to form a group. however, while corporations may be comprised of individuals, as you very correctly pointed out, their main purpose is: "to develop products and or services they can sell at prices that are: a higher than the costs necessary to produce them, b lower than what their competitors are charging all else being equal e.g., cost of shipping, convenience, quality level, etc. , and c at or lower than their customers' maximum willingness to pay i.e., at or below the demand curve " this is the big difference between corporations and individuals; while individuals have myriad considerations in making their decisions, including planning for the future, corporations only have the three interests you specifically mentioned. take the example of a coal company, for instance. right now, coal companies hundreds of millions, if not billions, of dollars in tax breaks and government handouts. i am certain that you could get behind lowering this kind of government intervention which deflates the actual market price of a produce. yet if the government were to propose eliminating coal subsidies it would be against that corporation's interests. since the stakes are high drastic increase in the expense of operating a corporation or industry could spend hundreds of millions of dollars ensuring that a candidate who supported their position was elected. the sheer resources of corporations allow them to have far more influence than an individual person. i'd like to address your first amendment argument that corporations are entitled to the same speech rights as individuals. the first ruling to the effect that corporations have the same rights as people came in the wake of the fourteenth amendment which, i believe you will remember, was originally intended to guarantee rights for slaves after the civil war in the and the case of santa clara v. southern pacific railroad. santa clara county sued one of the first american corporate giants, southern pacific railroad, for back taxes. southern pacific argued, among other things, that corporations were artificial persons protected by the fourteenth amendment, which provides that a state may not deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws emphasis added . therefore, argued southern pacific, government could not discriminate against corporations by calculating their taxes differently from those of human beings. significantly, the court expressly declined to rule upon this argument, instead deciding on very narrow factual grounds in favor of southern pacific. but somehow, an off the record comment by chief justice waite to the effect that he believed the fourteenth amendment applied to corporations -- a comment that was made before justice harlan delivered the actual opinion of the court -- was picked up by the court reporter and mistakenly included in the headnotes to the decision. the headnotes state that the court decided that corporations were persons, even though the court never ruled on that question. although the mistake in the headnotes is now recognized, the damage was done. santa clara s erroneous headnote became the basis of further supreme court decisions regarding corporate personhood, cases that were later cited by the court in citizens united. so ... no, i don't believe corporate speech is protected. i do believe that individual shareholder and non-union member speech should be protected, just as i believe that unions should have similar restrictions to corporations. corporations do not have the same complexity as a person, but they can have far more resources than any individual. given the disproportionate influence corporations can have through their sheer size and the depth of their capital reserves, allowing corporate campaign expenditures to compete directly with the free speech of people is downright undemocratic. a republican democracy such as ours is based on the rights of the individual; not the wealth of single minded interests. i have enjoyed reading your thoughtful comments and i hope you have the opportunity to respond to this one. likewise, i appreciate your thoughtful and well-written comments. here's my question to you: where in the first amendment does it say that the rights listed are only reserved to individual citizens? the word "people" is usually plural. and the phrase, "congress shall make no law" means no law for anyone; regardless of whether it is one person or many. even if this were not true, at what point do you think congress should restrict our first amendment rights? should it be the moment two or more people get together? after all, two people certainly have more resources as a group than each of the two individual members have when acting alone, right? please keep in mind that nowhere in the first amendment are we guaranteed equality of speech measured in terms of equal resources. rather, we are guaranteed equal protection of speech. meaning, an equal opportunity under the law to exercise it. if speech were made equal in terms of resources, congress would have to grant everyone a megaphone, newspaper ad space, airtime, you name it. i don't want to live in an orwellian world, do you? again, the problem with rent-seeking is endemic on both sides of the political aisle. the proper remedy is not to destroy liberty. rather, it is to further liberty by taking away much of the political power being auctioned off by congress to the highest bidder. i know this would mean reducing the welfare state and numerous other social-engineering projects favored by left-liberals and social conservatives, but these goals could be achieved far more effectively through private means e.g., charitable giving to feed the poor, rehabilitation programs to help those who are addicted to drugs, etc. . if they pay the same tax rate as the average american and can go to jail for crimes then we can talk about it. the stockholders of corporations do pay taxes on their income and can go to jail. if you have a pension you probably own parts of lots of corporations. if you work for a living you probably pay some taxes and i'm guessing that you can go to jail, just as kenneth lay went to prison. businesses are not the enemy of the people. corporations who find corrupt politicians who will sell their power and influence are the enemy. the "rich folks" who are so hated are paying most of the taxes. actually i might be tempted to limit the voice of large non personal organizations if it included labor unions. they aren't people in the sense that you use the term. you never hear about ken lay any more. i still don't think he's dead is this animation only in reference to the supreme court's ruling a while back about corporations' right to free speech, or did something else related occur recently? meanwhile, ms. riggio demonstrates that her voice is as versatile as she is talented. gotta go... going to click on the banner here to find out who this "ann coulter" person is... presumably a columnist of a liberal bent.... corporateland: coming soon, or already here? more information about formatting options
__label__non_math	0.9467	male aesthetic surgery facelift or rhytidectomy facelift surgery was primarily conducted for several years with the ultimate goal of changing the signs of aging by tightening up loose skin. no more expressionless, wind-tunnel appearances of the past. using up to date techniques allows for a natural look and long lasting results. the current approach to facial rejuvenation surgery involves repositioning of facial structures that have drooped or sagged, elevation of the jowls to enhance the jaw line contour, and eyelid brow surgery when necessary. adjuncts such as fillers, neurotoxins, and medical skin care are regularly used to produce more desirable outcomes in facial rejuvenation by dr. jewell. how is a facelift operation performed? this is an operation that is custom designed for you, and depending on your specific needs, and it may combine other facial procedures. the facelift involves incisions in the sideburn region of the hairline and right along the junction of the face and ear. depending on your needs, it may be necessary to extend the incisions behind the ear somewhat in order to remove excess skin of a full neck. the objective is to place incisions that minimize scars after the facelift. the major focus of facial lift surgery is the up-lifting of the deeper layers of facial tissue that have become loose and the excision of loose skin. how has the facelift evolved over time? formerly, the facelift was just a tightening of the skin without any tightening of the deeper layers of the face. this resulted in the face being supported by the tightened skin only. as skin can continue to stretch, the results did not last too long especially in men who have heavier sebaceous skin. in the early s, a newer facelift operation was developed where the deeper layers of the face called in medical terms, smas-platysma, was tightened in additional to the skin; this lift also had limitations for men because of the incisions. dr. jewell uses a newer technique that was developed by belgian colleagues known as the macs lift minimal access cranial suspension facelift . this innovative approach to facial rejuvenation uses loops of suture to re-suspend facial structures that have sagged downward with aging. it does not require deep-layer dissection of the smas lift and has excellent long-term outcomes. dr. jewell is very experienced in this technique and has written textbook chapters on this approach. he also conducts teaching courses to train other plastic surgeons on how to do the macs lift. where are the facelift incisions located? a facelift begins with carefully placed incisions. the incision starts at the sideburn, just above the ear and continues downward along the inside margin of the ear which makes it well hidden. for some patients, the incision stops here which is a limited or short scar facelift. for men who are having a neck lift also, it continues around the ear lobe, behind the ear and into the hairline. the incision in the front of the ear is planned to fall into the ear so that it will be least visible. in some patients with laxness and banding of the neck, a very small incision concealed beneath the chin allows the vertical bands to be surgically manipulated for a smoothing effect and the fat pockets are corrected. advancements in closing incisions have further improved the results with meticulous attention to stitches. how painful is the facelift operation? for most patients, this is an operation performed under general anesthesia. most patients report that there actually is very little pain or discomfort after a facelift. mild type of pain medicine is available after the surgery. can i just have a neck lift ? in order to best define your neck line, a lower face lift is needed. it is rare to just tighten the neck without tightening the jowls and cheek region unless a direct incision z-plasty is made, which is a highly visible scar, but men who wear a beard can disguise this. localized fat deposits cause the blunting of the neck line and create a double chin or turkey gobbler appearance to the neck. these can be removed at the time of the facelift with liposuction. bands that are seen in the neck may also be improved at the time of the facelift. what is the recovery time from a facelift? the recovery from a facelift is usually fairly rapid. each patient recovers differently. bandages are usually removed on the day following your surgery. we suggest giving yourself two weeks off away from the public eye; however some patients return to work after one week. swelling and bruising usually resolves within two weeks. patients report sensations of tightness and tingling for up to a month after surgery. your maximum result from the facelift occurs within three to four months after surgery. how long does this operation last? can i have a second facelift? the facelift is an effective operation to rejuvenate your face; however, time and gravity still exist and the clock of biological aging still continues to tick away. after the facelift, you will appear younger than if you had not had the surgery. in time, as aging continues and some individuals believe it s time for a second facelift. the facelift lasts in most cases up to ten years. when in a person s life is best to have a facelift? your needs for a facelift are usually determined by the rate at which you age. your biologic aging process is largely influenced by your genetic heritage. if you notice in yourself a discrepancy between your outer appearance and your inner self in terms of how you feel because of lax facial skin and downward sagging of facial structures, a facelift might be beneficial to improve these effects of aging. can older patients have a facelift? patients over the age of to can have a face lift operation. often times the result is quite a dramatic when there are large amounts of lax skin to be tightened. most importantly, you need to be in good health without heart or high blood pressure problems. a pre-operative complete physical examination by your personal physician is necessary. what are the risks to the facelift and neck lift? in all forms of surgery, there are risks of bleeding, scarring, and infection. small amounts of blood may collect under the skin and need to be removed. good healing usually occurs without problems. it is important that you and your caregiver plan to stay in the eugene, oregon area the first to hours after surgery. your first follow-up appointment will be during that time when bandages are removed. patients who smoke are not suitable for the facelift operation because nicotine compromises blood circulation to facial skin with the risk of skin dying after a face lift. the facelift is an operation for non smokers; people who use nicotine products need to be off these products for a minimum of months. damage to facial nerves is very rare and generally self-correcting. additional revisions of the facelift scars are infrequent. it is important that you understand the risks of the facelift operation. these will be discussed with you at your consultation.
__label__non_math	0.9949	outstanding value hollowfibre .tog duvet light, warm and does the job. fast delivery, great service and great product that does the job. really good value for money as per another reviewer, this duvet rustles. my old duvet's cover was made of cotton- so maybe that is the key. although, the noise level has subsided i kept it -as used. but returned the other. happy with this duvet. lovely and light and snuggly - my daughter loves it. had bought the same one for my son a couple of years ago.
__label__non_math	0.5855	all-potato fat busting science i'm going to post some interesting geek-speak on why the potato diet seems to be a very effective, fat burning tool. in the 'eat moar taters' thread people have experienced a range of stellar weight loss to minimal, but at least no one ballooned up in the next couple posts, i will put up some of the science behind this, for your enjoyment... from: hyperlipid: potatoes and weight loss "eating -3000kcal day of potatoes spikes blood glucose. the more potatoes you eat the more you spike glucose. the pancreas responds to hyperglycaemia by secreting insulin but also by upregulating pancreatic glucokinase production, which increases insulin secretion per unit rise in glucose. after a couple of days on an all potato diet your pancreas will be producing impressive amounts of post prandial insulin. adipocytes respond to the insulin by shutting down lipolysis. plasma free fatty acids drop and fat loss stops. insulin is degraded by insulin degrading enzyme. very, very, very crudely with a ton of qualifications, read the paper much of the hepatic uptake of glucose occurs without the direct intervention of insulin. the liver has large numbers of glut2s on its cells, which allow insulin-independent hepatic glucose uptake via a simple concentration gradient. the gradient is maintained by the intracellular phosphorylation of glucose, which allows its prompt removal to metabolism or storage as glycogen. hepatic glucokinase does this phosphorylation and the production of the glucokinase enzyme in the liver is, of course, controlled by insulin. increased insulin leads to increased glucokinase production and enhanced glut2 mediated glucose uptake. without fat, bulk calories are stored as glycogen, excepting that there is a little de novo fat synthesis from glucose in the liver. hepatic glycogen does not cause hepatic insulin resistance. in the near absence of ffa supply the liver maintains insulin sensitivity and the ability to degrade insulin. nothing like as much insulin reaches the periphery as is produced by the pancreas in response to -3000kcal of potatoes. the second effect of shutting down free fatty acid supply from adipocytes and diet is the loss of fatty acid intermediates in muscle. insulin sensitivity increases, the amount of insulin needed to facilitate glucose uptake by muscles decreases. insulin secretion from the pancreas will then decrease but hepatic extraction of insulin continues while ever carbohydrate adaption continues. the ultimate determinant of weight loss is fasting insulin. this determines how much lipolysis occurs during the period before the next meal. no one expects to lose weight during the hours immediately after any meal. the following hours, especially overnight, is when weight loss occurs. post absorptively, without dietary glucose input, there is no stimulus for anything other than basal insulin secretion. fasting insulin will be low because muscles are insulin sensitive so relatively little insulin is needed for glucose uptake. as fasting insulin levels drop lipolysis will restart. free fatty acids will feed back to the liver to cause some degree of hepatic insulin resistance, decrease first pass metabolism and stop too profound an hypoinsulinaemia occurring. but fat loss will happen. so you have to ask whether an almost all potato diet genuinely leads low fasting insulin and subsequent weight loss. for my perspective the answer is yes. the precedent for this has to the kitavans with fasting insulin levels of .0microiu ml. the next question is whether anyone could do this. that, i suspect, depends on how broken your liver is, ie is there irreversible hepatic insulin resistance. if you are overweight secondary to simple fatty liver, which is completely reversible, i suspect the answer is yes. if you have pathology in your liver such as nash, especially with fibrosis, i think you might not respond in the same way. the more of a problem you have with obesity the less likely you are to lose weight or experience appetite normalisation translates as access to adipose tissue calories . ultimately the ability to live on varied macronutrient ratios comes down to how broken you are, especially your liver. why a broken liver requires low carbohydrate eating is another post. is it healthy for someone with a functional liver to live on potatoes? it is clearly possible in the medium term. cooked tubers have a respectable history of human usage. if you are not broken it might be a reasonable diet. there are no trans fats in spuds. there are minimal omega fats. there is no gluten. there is just enough fructose to activate hepatic glucokinase without generating de novo lipogenesis. there is adequate high quality protein. on the down side there are a stack of vitamin and mineral deficiencies waiting in the wings. i have no doubt that chris voight lost weight on an all potato diet. i also have no doubt that he was neither chronically hyperglycaemic nor hyperinsulinaemic. there is no way of putting numbers to the framework with the data i have at the moment, but the physiology is comprehensible." "how about scaling this up to a massive dose of potato induced insulin and limiting dietary fat? severely limiting dietary fat. and never mind pussy footing around at 40g of mixed carbs and protein. there is a limit to how low ffas can be driven, and it seems safe to assume that a baked potato or three might just inhibit lipolysis maximally and keep it that low for rather a long time. but if you deprive beta cells of free fatty acids you blunt their ability to secrete insulin. very, very high carbohydrate diets really ought to be able to inhibit lipolysis to the point where the knock on effect is the inhibition of insulin secretion, provided you don't supply exogenous fat. look at the nicotinic acid treated rats... once you get ffa levels low enough to inhibit insulin secretion you will start to move in to the sort of territory where insulin secretion might be blunted enough to allow hyperglycaemia. but the feedback effect of reduced insulin levels is also the re commencement of lipolysis. this will restore enough ffas to maintain functional insulin secretion and so avoid potential hyperglycaemia, which the body tries to avoid. of course you have to throw in the increased insulin sensitivity of muscles deprived of exogenously supplied ffas too. so is it possible to eat an ad lib, calorie unrestricted diet based on near pure carbohydrate and lose weight? working from the premise that lowered insulin is a pre requisite for hunger free weight loss, as i always do, the answer is possibly yes. we all remember chris voight on his all potato diet plus 20ml of olive oil, low in palmitate, per day who lost a great deal of weight over a few weeks, the rate of weight loss accelerating as the weeks progressed? i had a think about it here, well before i had any inkling as to what might be happening in the electron transport chain." from: whole health over the course of two months, mr. voigt lost pounds. no one knows exactly how much of that weight came out of fat and how much out of lean mass, but the fact that he reported a decrease in waist and neck circumference indicates that most of it probably came out of fat. previous long-term potato feeding experiments have indicated that it's possible to maintain an athletic muscle mass on the amount of protein in whole potatoes alone . so yes, mr. voigt lost fat on a very high-carbohydrate diet - carbohydrate, up to 440g per day . on to the most interesting question: why did he lose fat? losing fat requires that energy leaving the body exceed energy entering the body. but as gary taubes would say, that's obvious but it doesn't get us anywhere. in the first three weeks of his diet, mr. voigt estimates that he was only eating ,600 calories per day. aha calorie restriction causes a predictable physiological response in humans that includes hunger and decreased energy. it's the starvation response, and it's powerful in both lean and overweight people, as anyone knows who has tried to lose fat by decreasing calorie intake alone. the fact that he didn't experience hunger or fatigue implies that his body did not think it was starving. why would that be? the other part of the equation is gut response. we should all know by now how important our gut bacteria is. starving the gut of starch may not be such a great idea as explored here: starches, resistant starches, the gut microflora and human health "starches are important as energy sources for humans and also for their interactions with the gut microflora throughout the digestive tact. largely, those interactions promote human health. in the mouth, less gelatinised starches may lower risk of cariogensis. in the large bowel, starches which have escaped small intestinal digestion resistant starch , together with proteins, other undigested carbohydrates and endogenous secretions are fermented by the resident microflora. the resulting short chain fatty acids contribute substantially to the normal physiological functions of the viscera. specific types of resistant starch e.g. the chemically modified starches used in the food industry may be used to manipulate the gut bacteria and their products including short chain fatty acids so as to optimise health. in the upper gut, these starches may assist in the transport of probiotic organisms thus promoting the immune response and suppressing potential pathogens. however, it appears unlikely that current probiotic organisms can be used to modulate large bowel short chain fatty acids in adults although resistant starch and other prebiotics can do so. suggestions that starch may exacerbate certain conditions such as ulcerative colitis through stimulating the growth of certain pathogenic organisms appear to be unfounded. short chain fatty acids may modulate tissue levels and effects of growth factors in the gut and so modify gut development and risk of serious disease, including colo-rectal cancer. however, information on the relationship between starches and the microflora is relatively sparse and substantial opportunities exist both for basic research and food product development." you've almost just justified every arguement a low-fat high carb vegan would ever be able to make against the paleo primal diet. dagnabbit otzi, stop giving them fuel full-text of article cited above: starches, resistant starches, the gut microflora and human health starches and rs are emerging as important factors in health, especially through their interactions with gut bacteria. these interactions seem to occur both physically and through the metabolism of starches by the micro-organisms. it appears likely that starch fermentation in both the mouth and the large bowel can be modulated so as to lower disease risk. in the mouth, slower starch breakdown can reduce caries risk. in the colon, fermentation can promote scfa production so as to optimise physiological function and manage and prevent important pathologies. it appears likely that the latter will involve tailoring the supply of rs to meet individual variations in the microflora which may limit starch fermentation. newer varieties of starch high in rs are one of the means whereby this can be achieved. in this regard the parallels with nsp are striking. dietary fibre used to be regarded as a single entity with multiple actions. now, different nsp are known to affect gut physiology in disparate ways. the same appears to be true for rs1-. thus, identifying the factors which mean that the mix of bacteria in the microbial population which metabolise the various forms of rs appears to be an important research objective. equally, identifying the ways in which the various types of rs can assist in delivering probiotics to the upper gut to deal with infections and to the large bowel to optimise the microflora and to deliver scfa also is important. the relationships between the microflora in preweaned infants and those in adults, especially as influenced by starches seems to be important in promotion of gut health throughout life. the gaps in knowledge in these significant aspects of gut physiology are large and warrant exploration, especially as they relate to the gut microflora. much of the technology animal models, human faecal and in vitro measures, chemical and biological assays is available to study microbial starch metabolism but the same cannot be said about the impact of starch on the microflora. while conventional culture and microscopic methods have provided the basic knowledge of the large bowel microlfora, they are limited both in scope and their demands for labour tannock, . it is to be hoped that the application of new molecular methodologies will give a fuller understanding of the ways in which starches and other carbohydrates influence bacterial populations in the human gut. except for the fact that long-term application of this will crash and burn originally posted by drumroll when paleo villifies carbs and vegans villify meat, there's no way you can thrive under the dogma you create. open mindedness is where it's at. insulin, gut health, etc... have to be part of the solution invariably. perhaps, but don't expect a hardcore vegan paleo-basher to take that kind of balanced approach. they'll just take info like this and spread it like the gospel. originally posted by otzi manipulating the microbiome could help manage weight "diet-induced obesity depends not just on calories ingested but also on the host's microbiome," said the study's senior author yang-xin fu, md, phd, professor of pathology at the university of chicago medicine. for most people, he said, "host digestion is not completely efficient, but changes in the gut flora can raise or lower digestive efficiency." so the old adage "you are what you eat" needs to be modified, fu suggested, to include, "as processed by the microbial community of the distal gut and as regulated by the immune system." you are da man
__label__non_math	0.9942	academics interlibrary loan policy marlboro college faculty, staff, and currently registered students are eligible to request materials from other libraries via interlibrary loan. for students, there is no limit to the number of requests you may make, but if you are requesting more than ten items at a time, we may ask that you consult with a librarian or your plan sponsor. townspersons and alumni ae are not eligible to use marlboro college's interlibrary loan services; check with your local public library. special interlibrary loan information for graduate students most requests are filled within a two week period. some materials take longer. you will be notified via email when your material arrives. due dates for ill materials must be strictly honored so that we can maintain good relationships with lending libraries and thereby ensure continued borrowing privileges for the entire community. most libraries lend materials for a one month period, and some will grant renewal for another month. contact interlibrary loan to request a renewal before the date your item is due. returning books late or not picking up items that were requested may result in the suspension of your borrowing privileges. the college pays all charges related to ill services with the exception of fines and replacement charges. all overdue and lost material costs will be paid by the borrower. ill privileges are suspended until these fees are paid. librarians screen ill requests for possible purchase. if materials can be purchased at a reasonable cost, and obtained within a time frame similar to borrowing, material may be purchased instead of borrowed. this policy supports collection development as well as enabling users to have access to materials for longer than they would through ill. certain items are difficult to obtain via ill. these include, but are not limited to: reference books, dissertations, and special collections items. this is because typically libraries do not loan these types of items. library staff are happy to discuss requests with you and explore alternatives. you may request material via the online ill request form or sending an email to firstname.lastname using the online ill request form is preferred. always use complete citations. if requests are incomplete, the request may take longer to process. for citation help, please consult with a librarian. the borrower is responsible for complying with us marlboro college lends books, videos vhs dvd , cds, and audiotapes, and supplies copies of articles chapters, free of charge. borrowers are responsible for complying with us student plans, graduate center items, microfilm, reference materials, reserve materials, special collections materials, and oversized materials are not lent. loans are made to institutions only, not directly to individuals. loans are made for a period of one month from receipt of request. renewals are available if the item is not requested by another patron or at our discretion. the college does not grant renewals for a v materials. loan requests may be submitted via oclc or the vermont state department of libraries vals system. materials must be returned in the same condition they were loaned. the borrowing library assumes responsibility for replacement or charges for lost materials. materials are sent via usps, standard library rate. revised february
__label__non_math	0.9315	ulva spp. on freshwater-influenced or unstable upper eulittoral rock ecological and functional relationships the community predominantly consists of algae which cover the rock surface and creates a patchy canopy. in doing so, the algae provides an amenable habitat in an otherwise hostile environment, exploitable on a temporary basis by other species. for instance, ulva intestinalis provides shelter for the orange harpacticoid copepod, tigriopus brevicornis, and the chironomid larva of halocladius fucicola mcallen, . the copepod and chironomid species utilize the hollow thalli of ulva intestinalis as a moist refuge from desiccation when rockpools completely dry. several hundred individuals of tigriopus brevicornis have been observed in a single thallus of ulva intestinalis mcallen, . the occasional grazing gastropods that survive in this biotope no doubt graze ulva. seasonal and longer term change - during the winter, elevated levels of freshwater runoff would be expected owing to seasonal rainfall. also, winter storm action may disturb the relatively soft substratum of chalk and firm mud, or boulders may be overturned. - seasonal fluctuation in the abundance of ulva spp. would therefore be expected with the biotope thriving in winter months. porphyra also tends to be regarded as a winter seaweed, abundant from late autumn to the succeeding spring, owing to the fact that the blade shaped fronds of the gametophyte develop in early autumn, whilst the microscopic filamentous stages of the spring and summer are less apparent see recruitment process, below . habitat structure and complexity habitat complexity in this biotope is relatively limited in comparison to other biotopes. the upper shore substrata, consisting of chalk, firm mud, bedrock or boulders, will probably offer a variety of surfaces for colonization, whilst the patchy covering of ephemeral algae provides a refuge for faunal species and an additional substratum for colonization. however, species diversity in this biotope is poor owing to disturbance and changes in the prevailing environmental factors, e.g. desiccation, salinity and temperature. only species able to tolerate changes disturbance or those able to seek refuge will thrive. the biotope is characterized by primary producers. rocky shore communities are highly productive and are an important source of food and nutrients for neighbouring terrestrial and marine ecosystems hill et al., . macroalgae exude considerable amounts of dissolved organic carbon which is taken up readily by bacteria and may even be taken up directly by some larger invertebrates. dissolved organic carbon, algal fragments and microbial film organisms are continually removed by the sea. this may enter the food chain of local, subtidal ecosystems, or be exported further offshore. rocky shores make a contribution to the food of many marine species through the production of planktonic larvae and propagules which contribute to pelagic food chains. the life histories of common algae on the shore are generally complex and varied, but follow a basic pattern, whereby there is an alternation of a haploid, gamete-producing phase gametophyte-producing eggs and sperm and a diploid spore-producing sporophyte phase. all have dispersive phases which are circulated around in the water column before settling on the rock and growing into a germling hawkins jones, . ulva intestinalis is generally considered to be an opportunistic species, with an 'r-type' strategy for survival. the r-strategists have a high growth rate and high reproductive rate. for instance, the thalli of ulva intestinalis, which arise from spores and zygotes, grow within a few weeks into thalli that reproduce again, and the majority of the cell contents are converted into reproductive cells. the species is also capable of dispersal over a considerable distance. for instance, amsler searles showed that 'swarmers' of a coastal population of ulva reached exposed artificial substrata on a submarine plateau km away. the life cycle of porphyra involves a heteromorphic of different form alternation of generations, that are either blade shaped or filamentous. two kinds of reproductive bodies male and female carpogonium are found on the blade shaped frond of porphyra that is abundant during winter. on release these fuse and thereafter, division of the fertilized carpogonium is mitotic, and packets of diploid carpospores are formed. the released carpospores develop into the 'conchocelis' phase the diploid sporophyte consisting of microscopic filaments , which bore into shells and probably the chalk rock and grow vegetatively. the conchocelis filaments reproduce asexually. in the presence of decreasing day length and falling temperatures, terminal cells of the conchocelis phase produce conchospores inside conchosporangia. meiosis occurs during the germination of the conchospore and produces the macroscopic gametophyte blade shaped phase and the cycle is repeated cole conway, . time for community to reach maturity disturbance is an important factor structuring the biotope, consequently the biotope is characterized by ephemeral algae able to rapidly exploit newly available substrata and that are tolerant of changes in the prevailing conditions, e.g. temperature, salinity and desiccation. for instance, following the torrey canyon tanker oil spill in mid march , which bleached filamentous algae such as ulva and adhered to the thin fronds of porphyra, which after a few weeks became brittle and were washed away, regeneration of porphyra and ulva was noted by the end of april at marazion, cornwall. similarly, at sennen cove where rocks had completely lost their cover of porphyra and ulva during april, by mid-may had occasional blade-shaped fronds of porphyra sp. up to cm long. these had either regenerated from basal parts of the 'porphyra' phase or from the 'conchocelis' phase on the rocks see recruitment processes . by mid-august these regenerated specimens were common and well grown but darkly pigmented and reproductively immature. besides the porphyra, a very thick coating of ulva as enteromorpha was recorded in mid-august smith . such evidence suggests that the community would reach maturity relatively rapidly and probably be considered mature in terms of the species present and ability to reproduce well within six months. no text entered. this review can be cited as follows: ulva spp. on freshwater-influenced or unstable upper eulittoral rock. marine life information network: biology and sensitivity key information sub-programme on-line . plymouth: marine biological association of the united kingdom. available from:
__label__non_math	0.9891	how is it going? i hope this email finds you well. i have been following your blog for a while now and have been continuously inspired by your willingness to straight-up help people. i actually am not referring to you helping folks with career or school advice although that in itself is great , but that your go steps further than that. by really opening up your self, and documenting both the ups and downs of your journey to the multitude of people who follow this blog, i am more than willing to bet that you have made a huger impact on people s lives than you may realize. i for one appreciate all your efforts. my research on all things mba led me to your blog and my goal is to matriculate in the fall of . i would like to ask a question in regards to ec and essays. in your experience, are there any topics that are not recommended for discussion in ecs and essays, e.g. religion ? my faith is very important to me. in fact, it plays a huge part in everything i do; actually i would go one step further and say it gives purpose to everything i do. my ec activities include tutoring and mentoring a 5th grader, volunteering in a food pantry, volunteering for rebuilding together, being part of a few committees at work, and tutoring high school students in math. i am also part of a regional young professional organization. however the most significant consumer of my time outside of my job is the time i spend with the teens in my church s teen ministry. things i do range from co-ordinate bible studies, organizing fundraisers for with them, supervising them, facilitating various discussions, organizing trips, giving them career school advise, driving them around lol , basically hanging out formally and informally with them with the ultimate end goal of helping them and inadvertently me to grow more in their faith and be better people. while this is a huge part of my life, i am not sure how such a topic will translate to business school admissions or if they will even see this as an extracurricular activity. i am pretty busy as it is so i wouldn t want to join a non profit just for the sake of it but i am thinking i may have to because i am not sure how much i can speak of my faith and the activities around it as i know that such topics are often regarded as taboo in certain settings. would you advise to take the more conventional route and stay clear of topics as such that? there is a plethora of non profit organizations that i can easily fit in to, however that may require me spreading myself a bit thin or cutting out a few things. i could definitely accommodate either of those if push came to shove, however i wanted to get an additional opinion on this. i understand you are busy. no rush here i can wait for as long as needed. thank you again. my video response: - if ub s faith is as important as he says, then he should definitely mention it as a part of his business school application the mba application is all about describing who the applicant is and what truly motivates him her the mba story should be one s own story and i would never advise anyone to frame his her mba story around what he she thinks the admissions committee wants to see the adcoms know how to figure that sort of thing out - joining a non-profit could be a good move if there is one that he is truly passionate about, but participating for the sake of looking good on an application is not a good use of time, especially if that would require him to spread himself too thin
__label__non_math	1.0000	home library service marrickville library offers a free home library service for residents who are unable to visit the library in person. the service is available to: to be eligible, residents need to: what we can offer we offer accessibility to a wide variety of reading, listening and viewing material, and the ability to continue accessing the resources of the library when it has become too difficult to visit the library in person. each month a selection of items will be delivered to your door free of charge. deliveries are made between tuesday and thursday. home library staff will provide a calendar with delivery dates for your convenience. all deliveries are made during the morning between and noon by trained library staff. items for loan large print new titles please click here how to join call our home library service on . if we are not available please leave a message with your name and phone number and we will return your call. alternatively you can e-mail us at email
__label__non_math	1.0000	infuse your event with southern comfort. plan your next business meeting, social event or rehearsal dinner in a setting unique among atlanta southern restaurants that is both elegant and inviting for your private lunch and dinner events in buckhead. we can provide for private lunch and dinner parties or events, with space accommodating to people and customized menus crafted to please every palate at your event. for larger groups, the charleston i and ii rooms feature windows and a portable conjoining wall. to book your event, contact meghan ruger at meghan.firstname.lastname or call 404 262-. freshly-prepared favorites everyday. energize your morning with a culinary masterpiece. open daily for breakfast, our southern restaurant in atlanta buckhead offers a broad spectrum of morning favorites including hand pressed juices and decadent dark chocolate chip pancakes. premier among atlanta american restaurants, our chefs pride themselves in the use of simple, sustainable ingredients to produce a myriad of artfully crafted delicacies including savory shrimp and grits and sumptuous new york strip steak seasoned with our trademark t rub. with so many mouth watering options, there s something to tempt even the most discerning of taste buds.
__label__non_math	1.0000	mars national bank hired lisa m. kooker as senior vice president and chief credit officer. ms. kooker will oversee the bank s credit and related activities. we are pleased to have a professional with lisa s extensive background join the bank. she will significantly broaden and enhance our credit underwriting, analysis and administration activities, stated jim dionise, mars national bank president and chief executive officer. as we continue to expand both our commercial and consumer lending initiatives, lisa s leadership will allow us to be responsive to customer needs while maintaining the bank s long standing record of strong loan quality. ms. kooker joins mars national bank with twenty years of banking and credit related experience while most recently serving as manager of commercial credit, administration and collections at fidelity bank. i am excited to join mars national bank, a strong community bank well-known for providing quality products and customer service to individuals and businesses, said ms. kooker. mars national bank is one true community bank focused on combining the products and technology that its customers need while maintaining its focus on long-term customer relationships.
__label__non_math	1.0000	research library closed for renovations ... read latest issue of leadership and strategy review.... read prof. david hein's article about marshall, "in war for peace"..... foundation receives unique collection from marshall family nhprc funds marshall papers project read summary of david hein's talk....t hanks to our corporate partners for leadership: general dynamics, l-communications, am general, atk, ausa, booz allen hamilton, drs technologies, eni, fedex, fluor, ge aviation, hdt global, rainier investment management, saic, sra international and tawani foundation for their support.... read our newsletter online. click here. highlights from the collection audio and video content epley's wartime letters sign up to receive our e-newsletter and announcements visit the museum shop p.o. box lexington, virginia 540 463 phone 540 464 fax
__label__non_math	0.9930	- cindy votruba there i was at the smsu ballroom saturday night wearing an orange gingham dress and trying to blend in. actually, a few of us from the marshall area stage company were helping out at the annual prairie home hospice charity ball. this year's theme was "state fair." we served as greeters, helped out with the games and sold some drink tickets. we were all wearing a costume of some sort carnival barker, farmer, -h kid and even a cow yep, the library s own paula nemes was in a cow costume . i didn t get there until roughly p.m. by that time, most of the games were done, cakes and bottle of wine were won and i was trying to figure out what i could do besides look cute in a gingham dress. so i worked the drink ticket table for a while. people did take notice of us in our get-ups. i think my outfit was called cute a couple of times. it was fun, but i was so glad to get out of that cute dress. no comments posted for this article. post a comment news, blogs events web
__label__non_math	1.0000	a marshall county man died during a one-car crash on tuesday when his car went off the road and rolled over near huntland, according to the tennessee highway patrol. phillip mcmillin, of lewisburg was driving a oldsmobile north on robinson creek road at about a.m. when he crossed state route and went down an embankment. mcmillin was not ejected. trooper dallas rife's report indicates drinking appeared to be a contributing factor to the crash, according to thp radio operator rich thomas. the driver lost control, possibly after falling asleep, thomas said. the oldsmobile "went down an embankment, flipping the vehicle." mcmillin was pronounced dead at the scene, thomas said. rife and trooper duane stevens said mcmillin was not wearing his seatbelt at the time of the crash, according to the herald-chronicle in winchester. the newspaper also reported the troopers said the oldsmobile had struck a large concrete drain. deputies from the franklin county sheriff's department assisted the troopers at the scene, and no other vehicle was involved in the accident, the newspaper reported. the troopers have sought drug and alcohol testing in the case, according to the radio operator in chattanooga. such tests are routine when there's a fatality.
__label__non_math	1.0000	preheat grill to medium-high. grill lemons, cut sides down, until marked, minutes. brush onions with oil, and grill, flipping once, until soft, about minutes per side. grill rosemary until fragrant, seconds. remove rosemary leaves from sprigs, and toss with juice from grilled lemons, onions, oil, salt, and pepper. season pork chops with salt and pepper, and coat with flour, shaking off excess. grill chops on the hottest part of the grill, flipping once, until marked, to minutes per side. move chops to edge of grill, and cover. cook, flipping once, until a meat thermometer registers 145 degrees for medium, about minutes per side. transfer to a plate. let stand, covered, minutes. serve with remaining lemons and onion mixture.
__label__non_math	0.9999	chef joan nathan shares her recipe for passover popovers. preheat oven to 375 degrees. brush a baking sheet with oil; set aside. in a medium saucepan, bring oil, cup water, and salt to a boil over medium-high heat. stir in matzah meal until sticky, remove from heat and let cool completely. add sugar and eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. fill a large bowl with water. dip your hands in the water and then form dough into a ball about the size of a tennis ball. place on prepared baking sheet. repeat process until all dough has been used. transfer to oven and bake until popovers are puffy, about to minutes. reduce heat to 350 degrees and continue baking until golden brown, about minutes. serve immediately.
__label__non_math	1.0000	c.f. martin co. announces the promotion of amani duncan to vice president of brand marketing nazareth, pa recognized by her peers as one of the most dynamic marketing executives in the music business, amani duncan was today named vice president of brand marketing for c.f. martin co. duncan was originally hired in january as director of promotional marketing, making this the first time that a martin executive has been promoted to the company's internal senior core team after only one year with the company. amani is responsible for establishing the company's global marketing direction and plays a major role in the achievement of the company's domestic and international sales objectives. "amani was chosen to round out the core team at martin for her creative thinking and great enthusiasm," said keith lombardi, president and coo. "in her short tenure at martin guitar she has completely overhauled our marketing efforts, providing a vibrant, youth-oriented approach while still staying true to our heritage and culture. we are very lucky to have her on the team." a -year music industry veteran, duncan was chosen for her dynamic contributions to the music industry, with experience that runs the gamut from artist relations to visual marketing, campaign creation and partnership negotiations. her illustrious career has included positions at some of the most iconic companies in the music industry. past achievements include serving as chief marketing officer of sean combs enterprises. as senior vice president of marketing, video production content for the capitol music group, duncan empowered consumers and entrepreneurial artists by leveraging brands in an increasingly contracting music industry. her marketing stewardship during a delicate consolidation of virgin and capitol records helped to re-brand two of the industry's most formidable labels. armed with her own proprietary "success mission", duncan helped deliver substantial new revenue streams through third party alliances that included myspace, champion apparel, chase, and southwest airlines among others. under her tutelage, superstar lenny kravitz garnered his highest billboard entry in two decades, with "it is time for a love revolution" debuting at on the "billboard top albums chart". she also reallocated assets to strengthen the label's digital presence, partnering with myspace for kravitz' "get on the bus with the love revolution tour", utilizing her considerable visual expertise to generate other digital and mobile content from the cmg roster to garner new platforms of exposure for their artists. prior to the consolidation of virgin and capitol into a single unit, the capitol music group, duncan was vice president of video promotions for virgin america from to . in this position she was tasked with forging partnerships with franchise brands such as mtv and the nfl to promote janet jackson's 9th studio album, "damita jo". duncan also worked behind the scenes to create the first-ever mtv2 bill tour called "welcome to the universe", also dubbed "the environmen-tour" due to its forward-thinking eco messaging. duncan also oversaw the video promotional campaign for the uk band gorillaz and their album "demon days", helping the band attain their highest u.s. chart debut ever, achieving the spot on the "billboard top albums" chart in . the most formative period of duncan's career was gleaned during her tenure with the island def jam music group from to where she started out as west coast office manager before convincing def jam executive kevin liles that she deserved a shot at the big apple. once there, duncan made it a point to "drop in" regularly at the bet offices to cultivate relationships that would ultimately prove beneficial to def jam artists, proving that she was right to ask for the transfer to new york, which subsequently led to her being named promotions manager, then national director of visual promotions. most importantly for def jam, it also led to bet sponsorships of one of the most successful tours in the history of hip hop - jay-z's "the hard knock life" tour. duncan was also instrumental in securing a "mtv unplugged" showcase for jay-z, only the second hip hop artist of the entire previous decade to garner the coveted mtv platform; and a partnership with jay-z and bet executive stephen hill on bet's flagship marquee program "blueprint" named after jay-z's award-winning album. all of these elements led to def jam regaining its dominant position in the hip-hop sector, and spawning the hugely successful roc-a-fella empire. born and raised in los angeles, duncan spends her spare time donating her services to support mentoring sports and arts in schools foundation, a non-profit provider of after-school programs in new york city. about martin guitar strings c.f martin co. has been creating the finest instruments in the world for over 175 years. it continues to innovate, introducing techniques and features that have become industry standards including x-bracing, the -fret guitar and the dreadnought size. one of the world s leading acoustic instrument makers, martin guitars are hand-made by skilled craftsmen and women, who use a combination of new design and techniques along with those introduced by the company founder. the company is also known for producing high-quality, popular acoustic guitar strings. these include the martin sp lifespan line - the fastest-growing treated string in the industry, and the martin sp line - which uses an industry leading core wire to hold tunings better. martin guitars and martin strings are the instruments and strings of choice for musicians around the world, from the icons of rock, country, folk and bluegrass to those just beginning their careers. they can be seen across all segments of pop culture, from television glee, psych, raising hope and american idol to the movies; on broadway and in books, online, and gracing the covers of popular magazines on newsstands everywhere. connect with martin and martin strings on facebook, twitter, tumblr, youtube and via and dkc for martin guitar
__label__non_math	0.9845	selected works of mao tse-tung extracted from. a speech explaining the dissolution of the communist international, delivered on may , to the cadres of communist party. 'chieh-fang jih-pao', may . . . . comrade mao tse-tung first pointed out that the dissolution of the communist international was exactly as an american press agency had reported, 'a great event marking the dividing line between two epochs'... comrade mao tse-tung asked: 'why should the communist international be disbanded? did it not devote all its efforts to the emancipation of the working class of the whole world and to the war against fascism?' comrade mao tse-tung said: 'it is true that the communist international was created by lenin himself. during its entire existence it has rendered the greatest services in helping each country to organize a truly revolutionary workers' party, and it has also contributed enormously to the great cause of organizing the anti-fascist war.' comrade mao tse-tung pointed particularly to the great services of the communist international in aiding the cause of the chinese revolution... comrade mao tse-tung further pointed out: 'revolutionary movements can be neither exported nor imported. despite the fact that aid was accorded by the communist international, the birth and development of the chinese communist party resulted from the fact that china herself had a conscious working class. the chinese working class created its own party - the chinese communist party. the chinese communist party, although it has a history of only twenty-two years, has already undertaken three great revolutionary movements' . . . since the communist international has rendered such great services to china and to various other countries, why should it be necessary to proclaim its dissolution? to this question comrade mao tse-tung replied: 'it is a principle of marxism-leninism that the forms of revolutionary organizations must be adapted to the necessities of the revolutionary struggle. if a form of organization is no longer adapted to the necessities of the struggle, then this form of organization must be abolished.' comrade mao tse-tung pointed out that at present the form of revolutionary organization known as the communist international is no longer adapted to the necessities of the struggle. to continue this organizational form would, on the contrary, hinder the development of the revolutionary struggle in each country. what is needed now is the strengthening of the national communist party min-tsu kung-chan tang of each country, and we no longer need this international leading centre. there are three main reasons for this. the internal situation in each country and the relations between the different countries are more complicated than they have been in the past and are changing more rapidly. it is no longer possible for a unified international organization to adapt itself to these extremely complicated and rapidly changing circumstances. correct leadership must grow out of a detailed analysis of these conditions, and this makes it even more necessary for the communist party of each country to undertake this itself. the communist international, which is far removed from the concrete struggle in each country, was adapted to the relatively simple condition of the past, when changes took place rather slowly, but not it is no longer a suitable instrument. .... the anti-fascist states are of all kinds: socialist, capitalist, colonial, semi-colonial. among the fascist states and their vassals there are also great differences; in addition, there are also the neutral countries, which find themselves in varying circumstances. for some time it has been felt that a centralized organization of an international character was not very appropriate for organizing rapidly and efficiently the anti-fascists of all these states, and this has become particularly obvious recently. the leading cadres of the communist parties of the various countries have already grown up and attained political maturity. comrade mao tse-tung explained this point by using the example of the chinese communist party. the chinese communist party has been through three revolutionary movements. these revolutionary movements have been continuous and uninterrupted and extraordinarily complex, even more complex than the russian revolution. in the course of these revolutionary movements, the chinese communist party has already acquired its own excellent cadres endowed with rich personal experience. since the seventh world congress of' the communist international in the communist international has not intervened in the internal affairs of the chinese communist party. and yet, the chinese communist party has done its work very well, throughout the whole anti-japanese war of national liberation selected works of mao tse-tung
__label__non_math	1.0000	judith p. hoyer early child care and family education centers known as "judy centers" provide a central location for early childhood education and support services for children birth through kindergarten and their families who reside in specific title i school districts across the state of maryland. to achieve the goal of school readiness, judy center services and programs for young children and their families are typically available hours a day, year round. judy centers are unique because they promote school readiness through collaboration with community-based agencies, organizations, and businesses. this integrated approach promotes program and service delivery that is conveniently located in or near title i schools, ensuring that young children who may begin school at a deficit are given opportunities to start their formal education on a level playing field with their peers. click here for frequently asked questions faqs about judy centers. click here for a current list of judy centers, presented alphabetically by county or jurisdiction. the list also contains contact information for each judy center coordinator. click here for a video of state superintendent of schools lillian m. lowery visiting the moravia park judy center on . click here for "an analysis of influence of judy center services on the mmsr kindergarten assessment outcomes ." to read the mgt america judy center evaluation report click on the following links: judith p. hoyer early care education enhancement program final report: part judith p. hoyer early care education enhancement program final report: part judith p. hoyer early care education enhancement program executive summary
__label__non_math	1.0000	in accepting a position with the faculty of maryville college in , jessie katherine johnson wrote these words to then-president dr. ralph w. lloyd: i shall come to maryville with the determination to give you my best service and most loyal support. at her retirement years later, no one would doubt the fulfillment of her promise. an alumna from the class of , jessie johnson had graduated with a reputation as a serious student and skilled debater. she began her teaching career in high schools, then joined the faculties of tusculum college, stonewall jackson college and tennessee wesleyan college before returning to the classrooms of her alma mater. in the years between, she also completed a master s degree at columbia teachers college in new york city. though students today may be hard-pressed to define systematic discourse, that was the terminology used for studying the essential skills of outlining, research and speechmaking. systematic discourse was miss johnson s course, and every sophomore at maryville college perfected those skills under her guidance in anderson hall, room 214. miss jessie became the college s american literature specialist. she loved poetry, and encouraged her students to memorize the classics. perhaps her favorite poem was a playful one entitled the ballad of jessie and the cow, penned by her friend and colleague, dr. hunter. in addition to systematic discourse and american lit, she was admired for her prowess in chinese checkers, canasta and rook. and she was known for her attire stylish, well-fitting dresses; tasteful shoes and purses. no occasion was too casual for earrings. at a celebration marking her years of service at the college, dr. lloyd said: i trust she will not think me presumptuous or unscholarly when i say that she early established a reputation as one of maryville s best dressed persons. dr. lloyd continued: she represents the kind of alumnae and faculty who keep alive and advance the historic cardinal ideal of maryville college. with her sweet, care-giving spirit, she looked after her students and also took a keen interest in the children of her siblings, and their children. many of them and their spouses are maryville college graduates. today, those family members agree that their aunt jessie would feel honored to be an anderson hall legend, especially since her photo and name will hang among colleagues and close friends whom she greatly admired for giving their best service and most loyal support to maryville college.
__label__non_math	0.9964	are you young, hip and active ? how about forward-thinking and green? reasonably well-heeled? do you shower before you go to work? if so, the bavarians are targeting you for their new sporty, sophisticated and eco-savvy x1 sports-activity vehicle. and what is an x1? think of an x5 or an x3 that was left in the dryer a bit too long. the x1 is a couple of inches smaller than a toyota rav4 or a ford escape. the blizzard of demographic desirability that bmw has brewed up for the x1 s american debut is impressive. even more impressive, however, was the x1 s ability to deal with a real blizzard. some of the credit has to go to the pirelli cinturato p7 all season tires on our car, but the x1 easily got us through a long night of thick snow and stiff winds. it turned what was evidently traumatic for other drivers the ones in the ditch or creeping along with their flashers blinking into an enjoyable romp. the linear throttle and the adaptive transmission manage the power very smoothly; the brakes and steering are equally hooked up and communicative; the suspension perfectly walks the line between comfort and control; and the electronic anti-spin, anti-slip guardian angels are always present to help avert disaster. there was more than enough bite at both ends to put all these assets to work, so i felt like a finnish rally ace when we got home. heck, i wanted to turn around and go do it again. my wife rolled her eyes and ran into the house. bmw offers three versions of its new to the us little ute, each in three trim lines. the 240-horsepower -cylinder 28i can be had with rear-wheel or all-wheel drive. our car was the third variant, the xdrive35i, which has a potent 300-horsepower -cylinder motor and all-wheel drive. bmw s intelligent awd system is rear-wheel drive most of the time, but it seamlessly and near-instantaneously sends power to the front wheels when needed. the two x1 28i models come with dual-mode -speed automatic transmissions; the more-powerful 35i has a -speed, also with normal and sport settings. all x1s have a host of fuel-saving features both overt automatic stop-start and covert direct fuel injection, using the brakes to generate electricity, optimizing climate control, etc. , which promise up to miles per gallon. your own mileage may vary; ours certainly did, but we were wrestling with snow, wind and bitter cold. top-dog german cars like to lure in buyers with reasonable-sounding base prices and then slaughter us with a menu of costly add-ons. the rwd 28i starts at ,600 plus delivery . this is upper-end rav4 and escape territory. but bmw threw the entire catalog at our car, which maxed its sticker out at ,000, including four years of maintenance. this works out to a three-year lease at a month, or just four days of lift tickets at vail. speaking of which, bmw has also ginned up a powder ride edition x1. along with all available luxuries, it comes with wild artwork, special floor and cargo mats, a color-coordinated rooftopper for skis and boards, and a price tag of ,400 for the 28i. oh, and you also get a pair of matching k2 powder ride skis we prefer a slightly roomier vehicle for our ski junkets, which involve four adults bulked up in ski and snowboard gear. there s always the bigger, much more expensive x3 and x5. but no one can fault the x1 s winter chops. it bears out my theory that a car that excels in the dry has a built-in advantage when things get ugly. taut handling and highly manageable power are useful anywhere, anytime provided there s also a bit of ground clearance, that is. it has to be said that, at least when it s not crusted with snow, the x1 is almost unendurably cute, a twee little crossover ute that could have been made by santa s elves. but beneath the lovable-puppy sheet metal beat the heart and chassis of a lion. it is a bmw. silvio calabi reviews the latest from detroit, munich, yokohama, gothenburg, crewe, seoul and wherever else interesting cars are born. silvio is a member of the international motor press association whose automotive reviews date back to the reagan administration. he is the former publisher of speedway illustrated magazine and an author. contact him at email by silvio calabi, ghns the maryville daily forum - maryville, mo by silvio calabi, ghns events calendar connect with the maryville daily forum - maryville, mo
__label__non_math	0.9994	dust muzzle ultra the redesigned dust muzzle ultra can capture up to percent of the unhealthy dust created during grinding. the muzzle is an improvement on a design that has been widely used in shops for two decades. it now will fit even more grinders. the dmu8 fits all -inch or -inch electric and pneumatic angle grinders. it has a side-mounted exhaust port that uses the centrifugal forces created by the grinding wheel to send the dust into the vacuum hose. it can be used with a two-horsepower industrial shop vacuum.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the urban center housing tax increment financing uch-tif program is a statutory program authorizing cities and towns to promote housing and commercial development, including affordable housing, in commercial centers through tax increment financing. the uch-tif program provides real estate exemptions on all or part of the increased value the "increment" of improved real estate. such development must be primarily residential. tax increment financing may be combined with grants and loans from local, state and federal development programs. the department of housing community development's dhcd division of community services is responsible for the operation and administration of the uch-tif program, including review and approval of all uch-tif applications. all massachusetts municipalities having designated commercial centers and a need for multi-unit housing. a commercial center is an area in a city or town used primarily for commerce or business, which may include but need not be limited to the sale of or provision of goods or services, including medical and educational services and services provided by profit and nonprofit entities. a commercial center has a high population density during the daytime or during regular business hours, when compared with its non-business hours or with the daytime population of surrounding developed areas of similar size. daytime automobile traffic and parking in a commercial center is higher, when compared to its automobile traffic and parking during non business hours or with the daytime automobile traffic and parking in surrounding developed areas of similar size. in order to participate in the program a city or town must adopt a detailed urban center housing tax increment financing plan "uch-tif plan" for a designated commercial area with high business or commercial use the "uch-tif zone" . the uch-tif plan must include development plans for proposed public and private projects in the uch-tif zone, including executed agreements with the property owners who will be undertaking new development and who will be receiving tax increment exemptions "uch-tif agreements" . a uch-tif agreement provides an annual real estate tax exemption for up to years for all or part of the real estate tax on the increment. the agreement also specifies the affordable housing to be created and includes an affordable housing restriction which ensures that of the housing assisted by the exemption will be affordable for years or the useful life of the housing, whichever is longer. dhcd will review and approve all uch-tif zones and uch-tif plans, as well as each individual uch-tif agreement in order to ensure compliance with program requirements set out in the uch-tif statute, regulations and program guidelines. how to apply before submitting an application for approval of a uch-tif zone and a uch-tif plan to dhcd, a municipality must implement a local review and approval process. the steps of this process must conform to the regulatory requirements specified under 760 cmr ., "local approval process". contact the division of community services at 617-573- for more information and specific application instructions. additional program information uch-tif program guidelines containing specific application instructions are currently in development. massachusetts office of business development economic development incentive prog edip massachusetts office of business development district improvement financing program dif citizens' housing and planning association massachusetts housing partnership 760 cmr - uch-tif program regulations workshops, presentations and training for additional information, please call the division of community services at 617-573-.
__label__non_math	1.0000	enlarge alternate images is really good scrub wich leave your skin soft. is a beautiful scrub wich leave your skin soft. the occupational safety and health administration requires that msds be available to employees for potentially harmful substances handled in the workplace under the hazard communication regulation. keyano green tea scrub
__label__non_math	0.9929	pour elle seaweed olive oil algae peel off mask 30g olive oil contains the necessary fatty acids to improve skin elasticity and nourish the epidermis. the peel off nature of this mask helps draw impurities and absorb excess sebum. pre-measured, single use packet. year shelf life. algae, spanish olive oil and olea europea l leaves, vitamin a e.
__label__non_math	1.0000	board of directors national massey collectors association indiana massey collectors association missouri massey collectors association massey collectors of illinois massey harris ferguson club of ohio friends of massey massey family collectors of wisconsin iowa massey collectors association cast iron m-h memorabil... massey harris implement... women of massey quilt squares needed it is not too late updated upcoming events don't miss out website recently updated the website has been updated once again welcome to the mca website massey collectors association is committed to protecting the privacy of internet users. below is information outlining our continued support for the responsible management of site visitor information. site visitor information during the process of delivering information to you, massey collectors association does not collect any personally identifiable information about you such as name, address, phone number, or e-mail address. however, massey collectors association does obtain some types of non-personally identifiable information such as the internet service provider you use to connect to the internet, your browser type, or the type of computer operating system you use macintosh or windows, for example . the information collected by massey collectors association is used for the purpose of monitoring site statistics. if you would like additional information about the types of non-personally identifiable information that is collected by massey collectors association please contact us. in some cases, you may voluntarily provide personal information when filling out for a classified ad or participating in other areas of our site. this is voluntary on your part. massey collectors association does not sell or redistribute any of this information. third party privacy policies massey collectors association works with third party advertisers that serve advertisements to this site. to find out more about how these advertisers manage the privacy of internet users please contact them. powered by kentico cms for asp.net
__label__non_math	1.0000	the page you are looking for may have moved or no longer exists. to help you find what you are looking for, we suggest: - using the site map to explore the website - finding a doctor using our search tool - browsing our phone directory of hospital services and programs - visiting mass general's home page if you need additional assistance, please contact the hospital's main phone number at 617-726-.
__label__non_math	0.9617	your very extraordinary letter of the of novr. i have received and acknowledge myself obliged to you for the representation of my case to his excellency the count de vergennes. you say you do not think you can consistantly grant my request unless i previously subscribe the decliration and take the oath of allegiance to the united states of america and that when i comply with this condition you will then give the customary passport to calis. if this customary passport shall be sufficient to obviate all impediments to my passage to dover i can understand the consistency of these expressions otherwise i am at a loss to guess your meaning. i could have no objection to take the oaths of allegiance when i arrive in america but i submit it to your farther consideration whether this is the proper time and place for such a measure to a person in my circumstances. the active part i have taken upon every occasion to manifest my atatchment to the interest of my country through out the whole of this controvercy is no equivocal proof of my sincerity and i am not a little surprised that you should make my taking the oath of allegiance a condition when you must be sensible how fatal that measure might prove to my liberty and even life should it transpire in england before i could finish my private business. what a happy opportunity would a discovery of this kind afford a wicked abandoned ministry to wrack their vengance upon me whose conduct has rendered him obnoxious by every effort to oppose them within the compass of his abilities. is this the reward of public virtue? and shall the official guardians of our lives furnish the very means of our distruction without any one possible benefit to our country. i have attentivly perused all the public acts of the congress and i do not find that they insist upon imposing the oath of allegiance upon any person going to england. it is not there that our enemies can do us mischief. to suspect a mans fidelity with out assigning reasons and insist upon this condition at the time the necessity of his affairs oblige him to go amongst his enemies is a species of cruelty and abandoned profligacy which for the honor of human nature i cannot suppose you intentionally guilty. you certainly did not consider the consequences of such a proceedure and i am obliged from the respect i owe the commission and for the honour of my country not to suppose from any misunderstanding between us that you mean any thing more by this extraordinary propo s al than to manifest an inconsiderate zeal for the cause of our country. did you tender the oath of allegiance to doctor bancroft mr. austin and mr. williams whose connection with the british minister you was acquainted with. without any disparagement to the characters of those worthy gentlemen why am i to be suspected more than others. had you entrusted me with the secrets of goverment upon which the interests and welfare of our country depended this conduct would be justifiable. if any thing has been wispered to my prejudice which has given any just grounds of suspicion and thereby abused your private confidence, let him bring his charges openly. let me be confronted before witnesses. let him come from his lurking hole, assume the character of a generous open enemy, and not secretly stab me in the dark like a private assassin. when i wrote that i was willing to give the most solemn assurances of my affection and duty to my country, could it be supposed that i meant to expose myself to the wispers of secret enemies and the rage of a merciless disapointed and consequently inveterate administration. it must have occurred to you from a moments reflection that i could only mean such assurances as were binding upon a man of honor and yet would not subject me to the laws of england. when i requested a passport i intended to pay you the usual compliments payed to the public ministers of my country. it gives me pain to remind you that the power werewith you are invested was never given to distress or indanger the lives and liberties of your countrymen and i sincerely wish for the honor of the commission that you may be able to explain your selves in such a manner as to wipe away the foul imputations and suspicions which such behaviour may make you liable to in the opinion of the world, and that private resentment has no share in this transaction. whatever be your determination i beg you will be speedy in your resolutions as my private affairs are suffering by my absence. i beg leave to subscribe my self gentlemen your much injured countryman and humble servt.
__label__non_math	0.8296	dateline amsterdam decr. . i received the letter, which you did me the honour to write me on the of october, but a few days ago. i am much obliged to you, for the information it contains; altho i have neither instructions, nor powers by which i can improve it, in any other way than in speculation. i am, however, extreamly pleased with the idea of opening a trade between russia and north america. it may be done, intermediately, by the way of the french or dutch islands: but i cannot but wish to see a direct commerce between the two countries. there was formerly such a trade, and i know some familys in boston who have made handsome fortunes by it, sufficient to shew that the trade was profitable. america will be one of the best customers in the world for leather, copper, linnen, flax, hemp, sail cloth, druggs, lintseed oil, feathers, musk, rhubard, c., which if she had a free trade she could pay for either in produce or cash, and therefore i am certain, that whenever it shall be permitted there will be a very extensive commerce in these articles with russia. i should be obliged to you sir, if you would inform me, what american articles, would find a markett in russia. there is at present such a demand, in america, especially in philadelphia and boston, for hemp and duck c. that they cannot be sent to any markett upon earth that will give one , quarter part so much for them. pray what should hinder your ships from going directly to boston or philadelphia? the neutral powers, surely have a right to navigate to america and to trade with the inhabitants. have they not? how long will all the nations of the earth, bear with the unreasonable pretensions of england? i presume we shall soon hear, important news, however from st. petersbourg. the neutral confederation, i hope will bring our ennemies to reason, for surely so many great nations are not to be trifled with. i have the honour to be
__label__non_math	0.9959	the language of color sun, wed, jul , 2013times: open daily, - , extended hours 4th wednesdays summer 2011description: whether it's the brilliant blue wings of a butterfly, the scarlet feathers of a tanager, or the stripes of a zebra, animals display color in vastly different ways and for different reasons. combining dramatic specimens with video presentations, computer interactives, hands-on activities, and a stunning display of live dart frogs, the language of color will help visitors understand the nature of color and pattern, how different animals "see" it, and how animal color and its perception have co-evolved to produce the complex and diverse palette of colors we see in the world today. the exhibit features a wide array of mammals, reptiles, amphibians, mollusks, and insect specimens that illustrate colors used to camouflage, startle predators, mimic other animals, attract a mate, or intimidate a rival. harvard museum of natural history oxford st. -min walk from harvard square cambridge, ma 02138event website contact phone: 617 496-
__label__non_math	0.9997	engine getting hot i just took my boat out for its first voyage of the summer and as i am idling out of the "no wake zone" i notice that the temperature gauge is almost in the red. i immediately turned the engine off and waited for it to cool down. after that i started it back up and drove to the houseboat with no problems. as soon as i get back to idle speed it heats up again. not in the red but almost. basically.. it only gets hot if you are idling. if you are going down the lake at speed then it runs a lot cooler than it usually does granted the water is still pretty cold. i have a feeling that it is either a thermostat or impeller but am not really sure and haven't checked either. if anybody has any clue what's going on here i'd love to know. my boat is an s s with the 351w. thanks peoples mastercraft stars and stripes 351 with powerslot
__label__non_math	1.0000	interested in building a matchbox pinhole camera? a simple and cheap way to get into the amazing world of diy pinhole photography you will need... - a matchbox - a new roll of 35mm film. any type will do, but normal colour print film 100 or 200 speed works very well - an empty roll of 35mm film with at least 1cm stub of film sticking out. ask at your local photo labs, they normally throw away recycle these. - some thin cardboard the box the new film comes in is fine - an empty aluminium drinks can - black pvc electricians tape - the plastic from a spiral binder, or any small piece of thin, curved plastic - a fine sewing needle or pin - a sharp craft knife - a black marker pen got everything? good. time to start building
__label__non_math	1.0000	horse groom streatham high road, streatham go to website a welcoming local pub with fairly priced pub drinks. at the horse groom we offer a local pub welcome and friendly service as well as a wide range of pub drinks at great value prices. the pub boasts a wide range of facilities. our function room comes complete with its own bar, heated patio area, pool tables, dartboard, plasma t.v's plus drop down screen to watch sport all day.
__label__non_math	0.9994	mma roundtable: overeem's future, lombard's debut, hendo vs. jones - for a ufc non-event week, there is plenty going on in the world of mma, some of it good, some of it very bad. from alistair overeem's fighting future, to hector lombard's move to the ufc, to dan henderson's chances of unseating jon jones, several of the big names are making the news. one name we won't be debating? dr. hector oscar molina, who wants us to believe that he knowingly injected a man he knew was a professional athlete with testosterone, and felt no need to tell said man about it. worse yet, apparently he's not being held liable by this pro athlete, because, according to overeem, there was no "ill will" in his actions. while those two consider new careers in the bridge-selling business, luke thomas and i move on, gather around the old roundtable and get to some serious mma questions. . after today's nsac ruling, will the ufc cut alistair overeem? thomas: if the ufc or more specifically dana white had intentions of cutting overeem, they'd likely have done it by now. it's not often white takes prolonged periods of time to deliberate those sorts of decisions. typically he knows whether they're in or out. it's true in the case of nate marquardt he waited until the commission couldn't clear him to fight, but even then white knew that decision was the line in the sand. either marquardt was going to be cleared or he wasn't. if he wasn't, he was out. when he was out, we all received word rather quickly. the bigger question is probably, should overeem be cut? that one is significantly more difficult to tackle. that the ufc hasn't cut him yet tells you that letting go of overeem is, in their minds, bad for their bottom line. despite causing a fair number of bad headlines related to performance-enhancing drugs and dealing with regulatory issues in both of his proposed ufc fights, overeem is still valuable to the company and valuable to have so competitors may not have him . and given how borderline perfunctory yesterday's hearing was - the nsac pleaded with overeem to return to nevada to fight chiappetta: not only will they not cut overeem, i wouldn't be surprised if his first fight back is a championship fight. over the weekend, we had the chance to speak with ufc president dana white about the overeem issue. he voiced anger that overeem put the promotion in this position, but he also said a decision about the situation was "not his call." in the past, white has always been very candid about the fact that he believes penalties handed down by state commissions are fairly strict. in some senses, overeem will indeed pay the price for testing for an elevated t e level. he lost out on a championship match, a huge payday, and he can't fight again until the final days of or perhaps after the new year. since he last fought in december , that will end up costing him an entire year of his prime. since he turns next month, that's no small thing. but luke's point about overeem's value will ultimately make the decision for them. they will not want to set him free, where he can go to a competitor, not when he still has value. in the end, keeping overeem and restoring him to his prior spot in the heavyweight hierarchy is no different than what would happen in any other sport. when a player is suspended for drugs or peds, they usually return to their previous spot in the lineup. if they are important enough, the decision-makers may privately or even publicly shake their heads and sigh, but they will also ultimately put them back out there. . who should welcome hector lombard to ufc? chiappetta: as far as i'm concerned, there's only one obvious answer here: brian stann. the two match up perfectly in several ways. for one, stann is free; he's not tied up in any upcoming fight. for another, their styles will no doubt add up to a barnburner. for those who haven't seen him, lombard usually competes with maximum aggression. that will play nicely with stann's willingness to put his head down and slug it out. both guys have huge ko power. finally, they're both top fighters. but the most important part of making the matchup is to set him on a path towards the championship quickly. lombard is years old, so he's not the type of guy who should sit around fighting marginal contenders. either he's going to sink or swim at the top of the division, and a matchup against the respected and popular stann will help to figure that out quickly. if he wins, he'll get instant respect from many in the ufc fan base who don't watch fights outside of the octagon. and if he loses, well, then those who've criticized the opponents he's mauled during a -fight unbeaten streak will have their bragging rights. thomas: stann's a good choice for all the reasons mike mentions, but more so than anything else because of the timing. i doubt lombard is overly eager to wait for tim boetsch and michael bisping to duke it out on july 7th so he can get the winner three months after that point. it'd be a huge layoff for him and as mike rightly points out, the cuban-born judoka is . if he's going to make waves in the ufc, he's going to make them now. still, stann is -in his last two fights. lombard is unbeaten since . lombard hasn't faced the same sort of elite competition stann has, but going unbeaten for as long as lombard did is no easy feat. plus, he enters the ufc as a now former champion from another organization. bellator is not the same as strikeforce was at its peak, but former pride and strikeforce champions have been jumped to the front of the contenders line when they've matriculated to the ufc. i'm not the biggest fan of making lombard wait for a fight, but he deserves someone a tad higher in the rankings. i think that guy is vitor belfort. the fight would be fun for virtually all of the same reasons the stann fight would be. belfort is explosive, powerful, battle-tested and matches up against lombard in an extraordinarily fan-friendly way. it's true belfort has to get past wanderlei silva in late june, so it's not automatic belfort is the guy and the timing isn't ideal. but a belfort vs. lombard fight would be unreal for the action it could deliver and the winner would arguably be next in line for a title shot. let's follow existing precedent and give lombard the kind of fight he deserves. by placing him across the octagon from belfort, you also please the fans and help further sort divisional hierarchy. that's probably enough of a reason to overlook the less than perfect timing. . does dan henderson have a better chance of defeating jon jones than rashad evans? thomas: generally, no. however, i would say henderson has a better first round chance than evans. i absolutely do not think henderson can fight over the long haul with jones or really any other elite light heavyweight. but there's also no denying he's a terror in the first five minutes perhaps a little longer of a fight. that isn't to say he has the absolute advantage over jones in any portion or dimension of the fight, but henderson's commitment to exchanging in the pocket and killer instinct is not something to be overlooked. jones is hard to hurt. even if you land on him, gathering momentum and landing valuable follow-up is an arduous task. the champion composes himself quickly and uses his reach as well as evasive maneuvers to gather himself. henderson's got an uphill climb just as anyone else does in that regard, but he won't play the more thoughtful potshot game evans did early in his bout with jones. henderson's going to get in jones' face and try desperately to land his right hand made of lead. and if he does so successfully, he's going to blitzkrieg him until he lands it again and again. admittedly, i find the overall chances of that working pretty slim, but i'll be more invested in the first round of jones vs. henderson than i was for jones vs. evans. chiappetta: i don't think his chance of winning is any better or worse than evans'. in one sense, he has an advantage over evans as an opponent for jones: his right hand. anytime you have fight-ending, one-punch ko power, you have a legitimate chance to win. the thing about hendo is that even when his opponents know it's coming, he has still shown a consistent ability to land it. the question, as luke notes, is whether he can follow up with it and finish. in his most recent loss -- a decision to jake shields in -- henderson crushed shields with the right, nearly finished him there, and then had trouble staying off his back for the final rounds. that's the downside to hendo that evans doesn't have. when henderson's opponents make up their mind to work inside and take him down, he's not as difficult to take down as his olympic wrestling pedigree would suggest. according to fightmetric, percent of attempts against him are successful. in his last fight with mauricio rua, for example, "shogun" took him down on five of tries. that doesn't sound like a recipe for success against jones. it's going to be right hand or bust for hendo.
__label__non_math	1.0000	- call us - mattress brands - best sellers - mattress finder - learn about comfort experience a cooler way to sleep with serta iseries. cool elegance technology pulls heat and moisture away from the body for a cooler sleep experience, that's exceptionally comfortable, and more supportive.
__label__non_math	0.9997	most of our products are ship by ocean, our forwarder partner can help you in the professional way.or you can assign your own forwarder to help. local delivery costs for order less than 1x20'fcl, we always quote at ex-works term. or the delivery costs are the responsibility of the buyer and will be invoiced along with the costs of the product. when order quantity is up to our moq 1x20'fcl, free delivery charge from factory to shenzhen or foshan port warehouse is available. product is sent without insurance unless otherwise specified by the customer. insurance costs are the responsibility of the customer. all product remains the property of maxdon mattress co. ltd until paymentsare cleared by our bank. we are sorry that we are unable to offer credit terms so payment must be received in full and cleared prior to any product being sent. we guarantee that the product sent is as per the description of the sales contract which we agreed in advance and free from defects. claims in this regard must be received by us within five days of receipt of goods. customers are welcome to pick up their orders from our foshan factory or shenzhen location but please be sure to pre-arrange a time with us so that your order can be prepared in advance. dropshipping services direct delivery from us to your customers are available. dropshipped product does not include any information identifying maxdon mattress co. ltd as the sender. if you have any business cards, brochures, or catalogues that you would like packaged with the products sent to your customers then we are happy to include these in the package if you send them to us in time.
__label__math	0.5369	items checkout a pair of 14k white-gold pierced earrings set with one hundred twenty-eight pave-set diamonds totaling .carats, total weight, in a "heart" setting. approximately " retail merchants of hawaii
__label__non_math	0.9981	items checkout a 14k white-gold bracelet set with four semi-round freshwater pearls, .-7mm and whitish in color, in a triple "bow" link design, satin polished finsh, ." in length. retail merchants of hawaii
__label__non_math	0.9732	e36 coupe bumpers i've got stock bumpers from a 325is. black schwartz metallic i believe - whatever the stock colour is . front has some small cracks, and rear is not perfect either. i just need them out of the garage. each pick-up. i even have most of the trim. you can't go wrong for this price 540i m-sport
__label__non_math	0.9986	originally posted by havocsteve i'm . currently unemployed, which is alright i guess since i cashed in large about a year ago and still have some change. i went last year for the primerica job where you get hired under someone and then you become your own boss and hire all your friends so they can do financial advise to others ect. made some good money off a group of people. this is where i was getting some money and it was kind of door to door. worst thing was talking to people about debt and stuff and i was in the same vote about it being shady. like how do i make money off other people that i brought into the business? well i stopped it because the government raped my income tax but i still made some decent coin. i suggest that you get in contact with whatever you plan on doing in life i myself am about to start a framing and drywall apprenticeship with a union and get that started. find out what you need ect. and go from there. have faith that someone will end up giving a chance. in all my interviews i've ever done, i've always asked for the chance to prove myself, and you usually get a chance at it. unfortunately, most people are hurting for jobs since the economy went boom. so keep your head up, keep pestering people and sending out those resumes like they are going out of style. people tend to see you when you send resumes when others send . you never ever send out more than resume. even if you are looking fort some entry level crap. not only it's rude but, it's no more than soliciting and you are shooting yourself in the foot right of the bat and shut down your chance for an interview. if they are hiring for someone with your skills they definitely looked at you. the only thing you can do is wait for them to call you for an interview. audi a8 swb silver black bmw 525it white blue mpars, hids, cargo net 525i scrapped bmw 318i dasc sold
__label__non_math	0.9714	olopatadine ophthalmic route drug information provided by: micromedex us brand names olopatadine ophthalmic eye solution is used to temporarily prevent itching of the eye caused by a condition known as allergic conjunctivitis. it works by acting on certain cells, called mast cells, to prevent them from releasing substances that cause the allergic reaction. this medicine is available only with your doctor's prescription.
__label__non_math	0.9976	treatments and drugsby mayo clinic staff immediate treatment may not be necessary if you aren't experiencing symptoms and don't show signs of anemia, an enlarged spleen or other complications, treatment usually isn't necessary. instead, your doctor is likely to monitor your health closely through regular checkups and exams, watching for any signs of disease progression. some people remain symptom-free for years. treatments for myelofibrosis researchers are working to develop medications that target the jak2 gene mutation that's thought to be responsible for myelofibrosis. the first of these medications approved by the food and drug administration is ruxolitinib jakafi . ruxolitinib and the other medications being developed and tested in clinical trials have been helpful in decreasing enlarged spleens and reducing symptoms associated with myelofibrosis. ruxolitinib works by stopping the action of all jak-related genes in the body, including those found in both healthy and diseased cells. because healthy cells that contain jak genes are affected, low levels of platelets and red blood cells can occur. this can cause an increased risk of bleeding and infection. other side effects include bruising, dizziness and headaches. treatments for anemia if myelofibrosis is causing severe anemia, you may consider treatment, such as: - blood transfusions. if you have severe anemia, periodic blood transfusions can increase your red blood cell count and ease anemia symptoms, such as fatigue and weakness. sometimes, medications can help improve anemia so that you don't need blood transfusions. - androgen therapy. taking a synthetic version of the male hormone androgen may promote red blood cell production and may improve severe anemia in some people. androgen therapy does have risks, including liver damage, masculinizing effects in women and growth of prostate cancer cells in men. - thalidomide and related medications. thalidomide thalomid and the related drug lenalidomide revlimid may help improve blood cell counts and may also relieve an enlarged spleen. these drugs may be combined with steroid medications. thalidomide and related drugs carry a risk of serious birth defects and require special precautions. this type of treatment is being studied in clinical trials. treatments for enlarged spleen if an enlarged spleen is causing complications, your doctor may recommend treatment. your options may include: - surgical removal of the spleen splenectomy . if the size of your spleen becomes painful and begins to cause harmful complications, and if you don't respond to other forms of therapy, you may benefit from having your spleen surgically removed. risks include infection, excessive bleeding and blood clot formation leading to stroke or pulmonary embolism. after the procedure, some people experience liver enlargement and an abnormal increase in platelet count. - chemotherapy. chemotherapy drugs may reduce the size of an enlarged spleen and relieve related symptoms, such as pain. - radiation therapy. radiation uses high-powered beams, such as x-rays, to kill cells. radiation therapy can help reduce the size of the spleen, when surgical removal isn't an option. stem cells transplant allogeneic stem cell transplantation stem cell transplantation from a suitable donor is the only treatment that has the potential to cure myelofibrosis. but it also has a high risk of life-threatening side effects. most people with myelofibrosis, because of age, stability of the disease or other health problems, don't qualify for this treatment. prior to a stem cell transplant, also called a bone marrow transplant, you receive very high doses of chemotherapy or radiation therapy to destroy your diseased bone marrow. then you receive infusions of stem cells from a compatible donor. after the procedure, there's a risk that the new stem cells will react against your body's healthy tissues, causing potentially fatal damage graft-versus-host disease . other risks include organ or blood vessel damage, cataracts and the development of a different cancer later on. doctors are studying a reduced-intensity transplant, also called a nonmyeloablative transplant or minitransplant. reduced-intensity transplants use lower doses of pre-transplant chemotherapy and radiation. although reduced-intensity transplantation has side effects, doctors hope that it will one day be a safer option for older adults. - hoffman r, et al. primary myelofibrosis. in: hoffman r, et al. hematology: basic principles and practice. 5th ed. philadelphia, pa.: churchill livingstone elsevier; . accessed . - mesa ra. new drugs for the treatment of myelofibrosis. current hematologic malignancy reports. ;. - alchalby h, et al. reduced-intensity conditioning followed by allogenic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation in myelofibrosis. current hematologic malignancy reports. ;. - idiopathic myelofibrosis. leukemia lymphoma society. accessed . - thorium. agency for toxic substances and disease registry. accessed . - jakafi prescribing information . wilmington, del.: incyte corporation; . accessed . - stein bl, et al. janus kinase inhibitors: an update on the progress and promise of targeted therapy in the myeloproliferative neoplasms. current opinion in oncology. ;:609.
__label__non_math	1.0000	mayo clinic doctors trained in physical medicine and rehabilitation and other staff offer a full range of brain rehabilitation treatment options for you, from intensive hospital care through outpatient and community-based services. mayo clinic doctors and other staff trained in brain rehabilitation become involved in providing and coordinating your care as soon as you arrive at the hospital. they work closely with the hospital treatment team, initiating your rehabilitation assessment and treatment while closely monitoring your progress and planning for the next step. brain rehabilitation specialists play a central role in teaching you and your family about your condition. if you need further rehabilitation treatment after your condition has stabilized, you'll be admitted to the state-of-the-art inpatient brain rehabilitation unit at saint marys hospital, one of mayo clinic's hospitals in rochester, minn. rooms, therapy and social areas in the unit are designed to provide you and your family with a comfortable atmosphere. each room has plenty of space to accommodate wheelchairs and other equipment. the unit has a patio for easy access to the outdoors, a lounge area and laundry facilities. a specially designed apartment is available where you can practice and improve daily living skills. in inpatient rehabilitation, your treatment team will help you to transition to living independently at home or in another type of independent living facility. your team will work with you to help improve physical, mental and behavioral functioning. your therapy and treatment will depend on your individual needs. brain rehabilitation specialists will work with you and your family to discuss treatment goals and determine ways to meet these goals. outpatient rehabilitation focuses on helping you improve your physical, mental and behavioral functioning so that you can live and work as independently as possible after your condition has stabilized. you'll be evaluated by staff in the brain rehabilitation clinic at mayo clinic in minnesota to determine which outpatient program or combination of treatments most appropriately meets your needs. if you need a new-patient evaluation, ask your doctor to make a referral to mayo clinic. an evaluation team reviews referrals prior to your evaluation to ensure that the appropriate doctors and staff are involved. your evaluation may include referrals to any member of the brain rehabilitation team. your treatment team may include doctors trained in physical medicine and rehabilitation, physical and occupational therapists, and other specialists. treatment team members work with you and your family to establish your treatment start date, create your treatment goals and determine ways for you to meet those goals. the team meets regularly to monitor your treatment and progress. mayo clinic staff members can also help you find local housing, transportation and financial assistance for medical expenses. the rehabilitation nurse, neuropsychologist, clinical social worker and other specialists are available to provide family education and support. your family and friends are encouraged to participate in many program activities. the brain rehabilitation clinic offers several outpatient programs, including: read more about stroke rehabilitation.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the page cannot be displayed you will be redirected to the home page in seconds. click here if you are not redirected there is a problem with the page you are looking for, and it cannot be displayed. please try the following: - contact the web site administrator to inform them that this error has occured for this url address. http error - internal server error. internet information services iis
__label__non_math	1.0000	how to spot a fake mcafee secure trustmark any merchant that subscribes to the mcafee secure service has their site tested daily by mcafee for a variety of vulnerabilities. when that merchant s site passes these tests, it is eligible to display the mcafee secure trustmark on that site. some sites that do not subscribe to the mcafee secure service try to fool consumers by placing a copy of the trustmark on their website in order to give the appearance of security. this practice is called scrapping. look for clues, then confirm don t be fooled by the scammers. protect yourself by following these simple steps when purchasing online: help us help you: report trustmark abuse - real mcafee secure trustmarks are live and will show today s date. - but remember that some scammers go through the trouble of making daily updates to their fake seals. - real mcafee secure trustmarks can be clicked and will take you to the subscribing merchant s verification page. - some scammers will have their fake seals link to this might seem normal, but it s not the way the mcafee secure service works. - real mcafee secure verification pages will include the subscribing merchant s name. - make sure the company names match. a real mcafee secure trustmark will always click through to the proper verification page. mcafee works hard to help protect you, but you can help us and your fellow web users by reporting unauthorized use of the mcafee secure trustmark by sending us an email.
__label__non_math	1.0000	at night, em waymire, , undergoes a spooky transformation. she becomes ann, a creepy and comical ghost. after growing up in deale, and graduating from frostburg state university in with a degree in theater, waymire decided to move to the heart of downtown annapolis where she found herself a peculiar job as a tour guide for watermark's haunted ghost tour. throughout the fall she takes the brave to explore some of annapolis' most eerie legends, including the infamous william paca house, which boasts a scary "sick room" legend and was featured on a e's "psychic kids." last video that made you snort with laughter? ke ha s music video for her song "blow." i won't go into great detail, but it involves shooting unicorns bursting with rainbows with laser beams. so epic. favorite book you recently read? my favorite book series is the "anita blake: vampire hunter" series by laurell k. hamilton. unlike recent vampire fiction, hamilton's vampires go back to classic horror with a twist of mystery. her latest book,"hit list," is my favorite read of the summer.
__label__non_math	0.9999	tribune senior correspondent ever feel like cupid's arrow shot you in the head instead of sweetly pinging your heart? do you think of valentine's day as your annual opportunity to misstep, disappoint, be let down or send the wrong signal? battered veterans of this designated romance day know that it's not easy to get it right and wickedly simple to make a mess of it. are you asking yourself, "why does it have to be so hard?" the answer: it doesn't anymore. in the interest of all of us who've loved and lost or merely wished they could wipe the treacherous feb. off the calendar i've put together some guidelines and gift suggestions to end your bad valentine's day track record and steer you in the right direction no matter what your temperature on the romance thermometer. no more shooting arrows in the dark. and here's some great news in this perilous economy. the success of your day has nothing to do with lavish spending. all the ideas on this page come in well under the average that a national retail federation survey says celebrants plan to spend this valentine's day. you've been out together a few times but it's too soon to tell if this is going anywhere. your best strategy: think playful, goofy, thoughtful. stay away from anything romantic or intimate. at this early stage of dating, you can't go wrong with an animal theme. this shows your softer side without a hint of commitment. and she thought you hated her cats. show her that you're tenderhearted. ceramic cat bank, . yard, paper-source.com he doesn't have a dog? this double-entendre collar fits man or beast. dog collar, ., old navy, oldnavy.com i like you, honest i do you've been going out for months but aren't exclusively partnered up. anything too lavish or love-ish could scare off the target of your obvious affection. but a subtle embrace of his or her iffy habits is a nice touch. a kiss-kiss phone for her says, "i could talk to you for hours and i don't mind a bit that you spend so much time on the phone chatting with your girlfriends and your sister and your mother." lips phone, , urban outfitters he likes beer. you get it. when he's parked on the couch watching the game with his pals, the useful heart-in-hand bottle opener reminds him of you over and over and over again. bottle opener, ., paper source, paper-source.com everything but the ring you're in love. but you haven't moved in together, and at least one of you is not ready for the e-word engaged quite yet. urgent note to him: do not under any circumstances present her with a box that looks even remotely like it might contain a ring. if she's not yet ready for marriage, this could terrify her. and if she is ready, that loud noise you hear is her disappointed heart thudding to the cold, hard ground. instead, how about a key-and-coin purse with your house key attached? it tells her you're serious and invites her to pop in and stay over at your place any time. be sure to tell her she's already got the key to your heart. marc by marc jacobs keychain, , bloomingdale's, bloomingdales.com on the subject of sleepovers, this carry-on suitcase tells him, "let's have a romantic getaway" even if you don't go anywhere. the red undies promise a very fun trip, and they're a gift that keeps on giving. if he reads a certain honeymoon flavor in this present, mission accomplished. embark four-piece luggage set, .and bra, ., target you've been together forever you push each other's buttons that's good and bad and can finish each other's sentences ditto . you know what you want from each other and have heard all the his-and-her excuses over the long trajectory of your romance. flabbergast your partner by changing course. tuck handwritten promises in a box of candy hearts. some examples to get you started? you promise her at long last to take a salsa lesson, to go to the grocery store, a no-complaints snuggle through "sleepless in seattle" and you'll make the popcorn . her i.o.u. includes taking the early dog-walking shift, greeting you at the door with a straight-up martini two olives and no complaining when you listen to sports talk radio on a very long drive. at a certain point in a relationship, there's nothing more romantic than compromise. hinged glass box, , urban outfitters
__label__non_math	1.0000	iran accuses amir hekmati of bring a cia spy. a u.s. official says switzerland was informed of the sentence tuesday -- a day after it was reported in iranian media. switzerland acts as a go-between in such situations. it represents american interests in iran because the u.s. and iran have no diplomatic relations. the official spoke on condition of anonymity because sensitive discussions continue between switzerland and iran. the latest on traffic, delays and road construction delivered to your mobile phone. click to sign up to receive text alerts the u.s. has complained that iran refuses to let swiss diplomats visit hekmati in prison. the obama administration says the charges against the -year-old former military translator are a complete fabrication.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the new york city police department released surveillance video this afternoon of three men who they suspect left a young wife dead on a queens street this past sunday. rabia mohammed, , was reportedly walking down 204-th street in hollis, with her husband, shazam khan, , sunday night around :30p.m when three men attacked them, demanding mohammed's purse. police commissioner raymond kelly says mohammed resisted and did not give up her purse; shots rang out and mohammed was hit twice in the torso. she was taken to jamaica hospital where she died of her injuries. kelly says the three men were dressed in red hooded sweatshirts and can be seen in the enclosed video purportedly walking to and running from the scene. khan reportedly said he was grabbed by one of the attackers while one of the other men held his wife. before he could break free, khan adds, gunfire rang out. according to published reports, khan says his wife of six months more than likely did not want to give up her cell phone because it contained loving text messages between the couple. kelly, who calls the shooting "senseless" adds mohammed had only in her purse which the men took with them. police are looking at a total of five videos collected from the area. the suspects are described as three black males, between and years of age. if you have any information, you are asked to contact crimestoppers at -800-577-tips. the latest on traffic, delays and road construction delivered to your mobile phone. click to sign up to receive text alerts
__label__non_math	0.9999	when the -year-old pitcher arrived at the ed smith stadium complex last weekend, it marked eveland's seventh stint with a big league organization in as many years. the orioles hope eveland, acquired in a trade with the dodgers during this offseason's winter meetings for a pair of prospects, has found his form. the latest on traffic, delays and road construction delivered to your mobile phone. click to sign up to receive text alerts eveland on the other hand hopes he's found a home. "i'm a new guy again. i'm a new guy every year, it feels like," eveland said monday. "i'm just hoping i can have a good spring and follow it into a decent season, and maybe stay. that's all i want right now, is to find a place to call home at least for a few years." in trying to assemble a starting rotation that can total ,000 innings, new orioles executive vice president for baseball operations dan duquette covets the fact that eveland threw 183 innings last season, even though 154 of those were at triple-a albuquerque. he's spent most of his career shuffling between the majors and triple-a, his best season coming in with oakland, when he was -with a .era in starts 168 innings . this year's spring training has already been better than last year's, when eveland injured his hamstring running sprints during the first day of camp, killing his chance of making the los angeles dodgers' opening day roster. but eveland said it might have been the best thing to happen to him in his baseball career. "a blessing in disguise," eveland called it. he began the season pitching home games at albuquerque's isotopes park, known as a pitcher's nightmare because of the high altitude ,300 feet above sea level , the warm summer air and a near constant wind blowing out to center. for a contact pitcher like eveland, it offered his toughest test. his breaking balls didn't move as well. he had to keep the ball down honing his sinker and locate his pitches better than ever. he went -with a .era in starts. "i don't know if i have really had to have concentrated on pitching as much as i did there," eveland said. "i've pitched in triple-a before and have been able to just go out there and throw the ball and have success. that doesn't happen in albuquerque. you have to adjust. "balls don't break nearly as much. it really came down to keeping the ball low and locating more than ever. you always try to do that. you're always taught that, but it was the only chance to succeed there, just pounding down in the zone and the corners. my location is a lot better." last season, he kept the ball on the ground. he still allowed his hits 151 in 154 innings but also induced double-play balls. he was -with a .era with the dodgers including a -record and .era in three road starts following a late-august call-up, but he was a likely non-tender candidate after los angeles signed lefty chris capuano and was nearing a deal with free agent aaron harang. the orioles dealt triple-a outfielder tyler henson and -year-old low class-a pitcher jarret martin for eveland. "he did some things well last year in a tough pitcher's league," orioles manager buck showalter said. "there's a reason why he was on the dodgers' roster in and we felt for what we gave up, it was worth taking a look at him to see where he was." eveland, who owns a career big league era of ., is one of pitchers in orioles camp and he is one of the six who are out of minor league options so making the roster will be a challenge. "i landed in a place where i knew i was going to be able to compete for a spot," eveland said. "they signed a lot of veteran guys to multi-year deals. those guys are locked into a spot. when jeremy guthriewas here, he was pretty much the only one guaranteed a spot. so at least i get to come over here and compete. i'm very happy about that." since acquiring eveland early this offseason, the orioles have added more rotation candidates and there are now more than a dozen in camp competing for five spots. eveland said he's fine with being a starter or reliever. regardless of where he fits, the orioles remain intrigued. "there's some unknown there," showalter said. "there's some curiosity. there are so many guys from that --year-old range, especially pitchers, who start to figure it out a little bit. we'll see if dana has reached that point."
__label__non_math	1.0000	a collection of news and information related to apache corporation published by this site and its partners. displaying items -of view mcall.com items only1 next reutersmay reuters - wall street securities analysts revised their ratings and price targets on several u.s. companies, including gap inc and blackberry, on wednesday. highlights u.s. energy cos: bernstein raises target price on anadarko, others home... tulsa worldpga tour golfers and celebrities return to the area for this fourth-annual event. each of the participating tour players and celebrities are paired with an active or non-active military golfer and a folds of honor donor in three-player match play,... odessa american, texasto submit a health brief, e-mail submissions to firstname.lastname entry deadline is p.m. tuesday for consideration for the following monday's edition. diabetes nutrition education --midland casa de amigos has scheduled diabetes nutrition... reports: initial jobless claims for week ended may , a.m.; wholesale inventories for march, a.m.; mortgage rates for week ended may , a.m.; natural gas inventories for week ended may , a.m. local earnings: allscripts healthcare... reutersmay reuters - apache corp's first-quarter profit fell percent because of lower prices for crude oil and natural gas liquids, and the oil and gas producer said it plans to divest billion in assets by the year end. the company intends to use... reutersmay reuters - wall street securities analysts revised their ratings and price targets on several u.s. companies, including aig, gap, tjx and yahoo, on tuesday. highlights yahoo : stifel raises price target to ; rating retail:... caribbean news now, grand cayman, cayman islandsparamaribo, suriname -- petronas, malaysia's multinational state oil company, is the latest entry in suriname oil exploration, after signing a million investment deal on friday with suriname state oil company staatsolie for a production-sharing... reutersby ank kuipers paramaribo, april reuters - suriname's state oil company staatsolie and malaysia's petronas signed a production sharing contract on friday for an offshore bloc about 130 kms miles off the coast of the south american nation.... reutersbuenos aires, april reuters - argentina has created a fund of up to billion to help develop the country's .-million acre vaca muerta shale field, the government announced in its official gazette on friday. the funding will come from central... reutersapril reuters - wall street securities analysts revised their ratings and price targets on several u.s. companies, including chevron and aig, on thursday. highlights abbott laboratories : stifel raises target price to ; rating buy ... reutershouston reuters - oil and gas producers increasingly shut down production and evacuated workers in the gulf of mexico on saturday as the first weather system of the atlantic hurricane season disrupted some operations in the prolific basin.... abc26 newsofficials from the barataria-terrebonne national estuary program are hoping to parlay generosity sparked by the recent gulf oil spill into expanding habitat for birds affected by the disaster and ongoing land loss. shell oil co. is donating ,000 to... original site for apache corporation topic gallery.
__label__non_math	0.9999	displaying items -108 of 778 view mcall.com items only years ago two military jets and a brawley roof top were involved in a midair collision friday afternoon. parts from one of the two navy reserve a-4s apparently went through the roof of a house at d st. after aircraft collided while... boyne city -- a new northern lakes economic alliance program aims to provide established businesses with financial assistance for various projects in order to help them grow. as part of the service provider program, funding is available to assist... tags: lakes and ponds, business, marketing, charity retail prices for tomatoes may double if a trade agreement between the u.s. and mexico ends, according to a study released thursday by a tomato importing group. the possible price hike is the result of a brewing trade war between florida tomato... tags: trade agreements, mexico, tomatoes a division of the world bank group announced wednesday that it has invested million in laureate education inc., giving the international development organization a small stake in the baltimore-based global higher education company. "it's an... years ago they did not hold services in the old first christian in holtville yesterday morning. and today, pupils at the emmet s. finley school were giving a day off. there is a good reason. all that remains of the -year-old church at... free trade agreement hasn t done what was promised to the editor: despite some opposition from the congressional democrats, president obama signed the free trade agreement fta with south korea, panama and colombia. he declared that the agreement... your other hoursthe new year brings new plans, new goals and a plethora of new books. but before you load up your shopping cart with the latest hardbacks, make sure you don't miss the best of . on average, i read more than one book all non-fiction a week. some... washington -- you might not have noticed that another round of u.n. climate talks is under way, this time in doha, qatar. you also might not have noticed that we're barreling toward a "world of unprecedented heat waves, severe drought, and... more than ,000 people have converged on the qatari capital for the latest u.n. climate talks, but the most influential presence may be sandy. the superstorm that ravaged the u.s. northeast a month ago seared into the american consciousness an... tags: hybrid vehicles, energy, world bank group, china, global warming world nowthe cost of corn and soybeans soared to all-time heights in july, pushing global food prices upwards and pushing budgets to the breaking point in the middle east and africa, the world bank has warned.... world nowthe former navy seal who wrote a first-person account of the raid that killed osama bin laden launched another attack friday as his lawyer disputed the defense department s claim that he was required to obtain pentagon approval before publishing the... east jordan east jordan has a bright future. this common sentiment was revealed by public officials who spoke at the annual east jordan state of the community luncheon tuesday. speakers included state representative greg macmaster, r-kewadin,... original site for economic organization topic gallery.
__label__non_math	0.9998	displaying items -of view mcall.com items only los angeles timeshere are the top nominations for the 82nd annual academy awards, which will be held march at the kodak theatre. best picture - "avatar" - "the blind side" - "district " - "an education" - "the hurt locker" - " inglourious basterds" -... gold derbythroughout awards season, "fantastic mr. fox" has been as sneaky as, well, a fox. though many awards gurus believed pixar's "up" would soar invincibly above all rivals, "fantastic mr. fox" won top prizes as the year's best animated film from prestigious... gold derbyhere's video of some acceptance speeches that i took at last night's presentation of awards by the national board of review at cipriani's restaurant in new york. pardon the amateur quality of the shoot. for most of the videos, i had to use my hand-held... our own experts -- the forum moderators -- predict golden globe winners: sandra bullock, meryl streep robert downey jr.gold derbyunlike the pro pundits who weighed in with golden globe predictions, of our forum moderators think that the main competition for "up in the air" as best drama picture is "inglourious basterds" rather than "avatar." while the pros were almost evenly... gold derby"the hurt locker" swept the awards bestowed today by the national society of film critics during its voting conclave held at sardi's restaurant in new york. the iraqi war drama won best picture, director kathryn bigelow and actor jeremy renner as a... los angeles times staff writerthings were looking up for the seriocomedy "up in the air," which led the field with six nominations this morning at the 67th annual golden globe awards. george clooney was nominated for best performance by an actor in a drama for his role as a corporate... associated pressbeverly hills -- nominees for the 67th annual golden globe awards, announced tuesday in beverly hills, calif.: motion pictures -picture, drama: "avatar," "the hurt locker," "inglorious basterds," "precious: based on the novel 'push' by sapphire," "up in... pop hissnot quite western and not quite orchestral, perhaps a better word to describe alexandre desplat's score for "fantastic mr. fox" is "fragile." like the meticulously detailed stop-motion creatures that populate the wes anderson film, desplat's score is... los angeles times"the twilight saga: new moon" is fading fast after its massive debut, while significantly more people are seeing "the blind side." tickets sales in the u.s. and canada for summit entertainment's -million teen vampire drama plummeted over the... the flick chick calendartues, cinemark webb chapel rd :30p join fox searchlight for a very special screening of fantastic mr fox. fantastic mr. fox is visionary director wes anderson's first animated film, utilizing classic handmade stop motion techniques to... tags: television, wes anderson, roald dahl, family, animals ap movie writerthe vampire romance "the twilight saga: new moon" sucked up 258.million worldwide, according to studio estimates sunday. the no. domestic debut for summit entertainment's "new moon" was... original site for fantastic mr. fox movie topic gallery.
__label__non_math	0.9989	posted on mon, last updated: : caracas, venezuela president hugo chavez now reigns as the undisputed political king of venezuela after winning a national referendum sunday that could allow him to serve as the elected president of this oil-rich nation for life. before chavez can focus on seeking another six-year term in and perhaps others beyond, however, he faces a coming crisis that could imperil his ambitious plans. the global economic crisis and the percent drop in oil prices are expected to halve venezuela's oil income this year, the country's economic lifeblood. opposition leaders had high hopes after they defeated chavez's first attempt to scrap term limits in december and then held him to a draw in november's regional elections. they conceded defeat in the latest referendum, however, and were left to complain monday that chavez had abused his power by using state money and government workers to win percent of the vote to abolish term limits. from the balcony of the presidential palace sunday night, chavez claimed a mandate to continue transforming venezuela into a 21st-century socialist state, as thousands of supporters below roared their approval. he declared that he'd be a candidate in the elections, eliciting more roars. along with his charisma, chavez's continued popularity has depended on showering billions of dollars in oil income on his poor supporters in the form of free medical care, apartments and schooling for adults and subsidized prices for food. not surprisingly, he didn't rein in the spending in the weeks leading up to the referendum, despite the plummeting oil revenues. economic analysts, however, think that venezuela's bill is coming due if not late this year, then early next year unless chavez reduces spending and devalues the bolivar, the country's currency. either way, pedro palma, a caracas-based economist, predicts that this year chavez will have to confront the twin evil of stagflation: inflation and stagnant economic growth. after the economy grew by .percent in , palma thinks that it will shrink by .percent in , while inflation will rise from percent to percent. in a sign of the impending problems, petroleos de venezuela, s.a. the state oil company, better known as pdvsa is running up tens of millions of dollars in unpaid bills to contractors. chavez seems to have two choices: he can maintain spending, betting that venezuela has sufficient foreign reserves thought to be about billion to cover his needs until oil prices rise again or he can begin to impose unpopular austerity measures. saul cabrera, a caracas-based pollster, predicted that the president will keep his foot on the spending accelerator. "he'll blame the economic elite for the country's problems," cabrera said. in the past, chavez also has blamed problems on the united states, but that appears to be more difficult with the change of administrations in washington. while poor venezuelans reviled president george w. bush and the iraq invasion, they express delight that a black man now occupies the white house. apparently in recognition of this, chavez said saturday that he was open to speaking with president barack obama to try to mend tattered relations between venezuela and the united states. the onrushing economic problems could produce an especially hard landing for chavez supporters because he has yet to prepare them for what's to come. among a dozen supporters who were interviewed sunday, not one seemed aware that the economy is headed for a nose dive. "if chavez remains in office, all will be well," said cesar ayazo, a -year-old retired construction worker. "chavez is a great communicator with money," said anibal romero, a political science professor at caracas' metropolitan university. "let's see what happens when he runs out of money." in the wake of their defeat, opposition leaders talked bravely monday. they noted that the million votes against chavez's proposed amendment to the constitution were the most against him they'd ever mustered. they think that the economic crisis will weaken chavez's hold on the downtrodden permanently. "in , we'll have another government," said carlos vecchio, a spokesman for an umbrella opposition group, comando angostura, that formed to oppose lifting the term limits. in the meantime, chavez and his allies control pdvsa, the congress, the judiciary and a majority of the state governorships. for the opposition to realize its dreams, it would help for chavez to fall prey to lord acton's famous 19th-century dictum: "power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely." it's worth noting that chavez just marked his 10th anniversary in office and that the last two latin american presidents who served that long were peru's alberto fujimori and argentina's carlos menem. fujimori resigned in amid an enveloping corruption scandal and is now on trial, accused of orchestrating paramilitary squads that gunned down supposed leftists. menem completed his second term in but was blamed for the economic calamity that struck argentina two years later. he, too, is on trial, on corruption charges. for latin american presidents reluctant to relinquish power, said michael shifter, the vice president for policy at the inter-american dialogue, a washington-based research center on western hemisphere affairs, "usually the ending is not a happy one. it usually ends up being a national trauma." more from mcclatchy mcclatchy newspapers
__label__non_math	1.0000	- specialist diploma - program location: - elkhorn valley campus, fort omaha campus,south omaha campus this diploma prepares students to participate in the backstage technical aspects of theatre production. requirements for theatre technology diploma - .credit hrs.
__label__non_math	1.0000	she was born at rollwitz in dundy county, nebraska, the daughter of grant and leota priest allen. she grew up in rural dundy county and graduated from benkelman high school in . opal trained as a licensed practical nurse at the stratton hospital and had a rewarding nursing career. she was united in marriage to leonard lyle dunn on in mccook, nebraska and made mccook her home from until . she then moved to north platte, nebraska, and in moved to brentwood to be close to family. opal loved to sew and quilt and has left a wonderful legacy of her craft to her family and friends. she was preceded in death by her husband, leonard on . opal is survived by her daughter marcia and husband, mickey traner of rio vista, california; granddaughter, dasha and husband, brian dooley; and great-granddaughter, ashley dooley of antioch, california; brother, harold allen of adams, nebraska; and many nieces and nephews. a service for the celebration of opal's life is friday, a.m., at herrmann memorial chapel in mccook, with reverend marsha davis officiating. a committal service will follow at the memorial park cemetery. in lieu of flowers, memorial gifts may be given to vitas hospice foundation and sent to sunset landing, rio vista, ca
__label__non_math	0.9924	if one certainty about economic downturns is that they end, another is that traditional retailers recover slowly. in the united states, for example, only percent of drugstores, percent of mass retailers, and percent of specialty-apparel retailers returned to pre-recession growth rates within five years of the downturn. that s time retailers can t afford. the period when an economy emerges from a recession is pivotal to determining retail s winners and losers, and our research suggests one of the keys to securing this success is to maintain investments throughout the business cycle. we believe that for companies coming out of the current recession, investing to build robust multichannel capabilities provides an attractive opportunity for retailers to set themselves apart from their peers. for all the difficulty retailers have experienced in the past year, online sales have continued to be a bright spot: while overall sales have generally fallen in the united states, online sales have actually been increasing since the start of . in fact, the percentage of total sales made online continues to increase, and our research also shows that more and more consumers are using the internet to investigate products they later buy in stores. by , we believe the internet will play a role in more than percent of us retail sales, as either a research tool or a sales channel. what s more, consumers who shop across a number of channels physical stores, the internet, and catalogs spend about four times more annually than those who shop in just one exhibit . companies that get multichannel retailing right can enjoy larger profit margins and yearly revenue growth more than 100 basis points higher than companies that don t. consumers who shop across a number of channels spend more annually than those who shop in just one. so, why do so few retailers actually get it right? the challenge is that while making sales through a number of independent or, at best, loosely connected channels is relatively easy, capturing the full benefits of multichannel retailing in its true form involves much more than simply publishing a catalog or replicating an in-store product assortment online and assuming that consumers will click and buy. the kind of multichannel retailing that fuels sustainable growth and margin expansion requires a tightly integrated strategy across all channels, including physical stores, catalogs, the internet, and mobile and even homes, in the case of certain service offerings. each channel needs to play a clear and often quite distinct role in supporting and reinforcing a retailer s overall brand equity. to understand the different ways this approach works in practice, consider the multichannel strategies of the swedish home products group ikea and the us department store chain jcpenney. ikea uses its web channel primarily to support its stores in fact, it does not offer online sales in many countries where it operates. instead, ikea.com primarily provides information that reinforces the company s reputation for innovative products and low prices, as well as real-time store inventories and shelf locations that help customers plan store visits. by contrast, jcpenney has leveraged its legacy as a successful catalog merchant into a tightly integrated cross-channel commerce offering. stores are outfitted with web kiosks, and all point-of-sale terminals have web access so customers can easily purchase product categories, styles, and sizes not available in stores. jcpenney is even testing a system that allows customers to scan coupons in the store that have been sent directly to their mobile telephones. what s important is that each of these channels builds upon jcpenney s overall fashion at a value brand equity by highlighting exclusive brands and deep promotional pricing. as illustrated by these two examples, there is no one-size-fits-all approach to developing a strong multichannel strategy, but in our experience successful efforts typically involve many of the following steps: understand how consumer, technology, and competitive trends are evolving. consumer shopping behavior, for example, has changed dramatically given the ease and power of internet access. companies must adjust their marketing mix and channel strategies to better serve those customers. develop a clear sense of the growth pockets being targeted. is the multichannel strategy designed to acquire new customers online, or is the ambition to capture a greater share of the overall spending of current in-store customers by also meeting their online shopping needs? sell the right products through the right channels by tailoring each category s product assortment to the economics of different channels and making it easy for customers to buy what they want, when they want, where they want. critical as well are sound pricing logic across channels and features such as the ability to order from web sites while in stores. understand the value of growth options and rank them by their potential returns and relative difficulty. systematically analyzing different options enables companies to make trade-offs, such as deciding whether to invest in mobile commerce or instead to aim for driving higher in-store sales. define success, measure performance, and reward it. retailers need to focus on capturing that success by changing the organizational design, incentives, or both. to change behavior, you must first change incentives. none of these methods is easy, and we re working with companies to shape the focus and extent of their multichannel investments, understand and maximize financial impact on a category-by-category basis, and identify and overcome the hurdles that can prevent companies from unlocking multichannel s full potential. we firmly believe that getting multichannel right is worth the effort: if correctly planned and executed, a truly integrated multichannel strategy will help a retailer not only maximize its share of a customer s wallet over time but also emerge from the current recession stronger and more rapidly than its peers.
__label__non_math	0.9950	social technologies, in their relatively brief period of existence, have found favor with consumers faster than previous technologies did. it took years for commercial television to reach million households and years for internet service providers to sign their millionth subscriber. facebook hit the million user mark in just a year and twitter in nine months. sweeping cultural, economic, and social changes have accompanied this accelerated pace of adoption by the world s consumers. companies, too, have adopted these technologies but have generated only a small fraction of the potential value they can create. an in-depth analysis of four industry sectors that represent almost percent of global industry sales suggests that social platforms can unlock .trillion in value in those sectors alone. two-thirds of this value creation opportunity lies in improving communication and collaboration within and across enterprises. frequently, these improvements will go well beyond the areas many companies have focused on to date in their social-media efforts: connecting with consumers, deriving customer insights for marketing and product development, and providing customer service. since social features can be added to almost any digital application that involves interactions among people, the range of uses is immense and measurement correspondingly challenging. thus, we cast a wide net. we studied several hundred cases of organizations using social technologies around the globe. in addition, we examined the patterns of knowledge work within organizations and drew insights from data covering several years of surveys involving thousands of global executives on the ways their companies use social technologies. our analysis of successful uses served as a basis for modeling potential improvements across the value chain. of late, some bearish sentiments surround social technologies after disappointments for several companies in the capital markets. it s worth noting, however, that today only percent of communications occur on social networks. moreover, almost all digital human interactions can ultimately become social, and jobs involving physical labor and the processing of transactions are giving way, across the globe, to work requiring complex interactions with other people, independent judgment, and the analysis of information. as a result, we believe social technologies are destined to play a much larger role not only in individual interactions but also in how companies are organized and managed. we estimate that using social technologies to improve collaboration and communication within and across companies could raise the productivity of interaction workers by to percent exhibit . these dramatic gains would occur thanks to shifts in the way these workers communicate from using channels designed for one-to-one communication, such as e-mail and phone calls, to social channels, which allow many-to-many communication. specifically, our research indicates that interaction workers typically spend percent of each day hours a week reading, writing, and responding to e-mails. a huge amount of valuable company knowledge is locked up in them. as companies adopt social platforms, communication becomes a new form of content, and more enterprise information can become readily accessible and easily searchable rather than sequestered as inbox dark matter. employees will be able to find knowledge in the organization more readily and to identify experts on various topics, given the expertise implied by their patterns of social communication. we estimate that to percent of total e-mail time could be repurposed if the default channel for communication were shifted to social platforms. e-mail is just the beginning. companies could also raise the efficiency of the large part of the day roughly percent that knowledge workers spend searching for and gathering information. in fact, our analysis suggests that a searchable store of social messages could allow employees to repurpose to percent of their information search time. unisys, for instance, has started along the path to capturing value in this way: ,000 employees around the world have joined a company-wide social network, and ten social communities provide ready access to specialized expertise from around the company to resolve technical problems. capturing these technologies full potential to improve collaboration and communication, however, will require organizational change and new management approaches, which often take time to implement. adding up the business benefits besides these productivity opportunities from improved collaboration, social technologies offer a wide range of business benefits in additional areas including consumer marketing for instance, in industries such as consumer packaged goods and automotive , customer service, and even fraud detection in sectors like insurance . to understand the full company-level potential of social media, we examined four major sectors: consumer packaged goods cpg , advanced manufacturing, professional services, and consumer-facing financial services. within each sector, we quantified the value potential in five functional areas r d, operations and distribution, marketing and sales, customer service, and business support as well as uses that cut across the enterprise and its functions exhibits and . consumer packaged goods cpg companies have been among the early adopters of consumer social media, both to engage customers and to derive insights. however, substantial gains could arise from additional applications, particularly in marketing and sales, where these companies spend an average of to percent of their revenues. some leading companies have gained the same level of consumer insight, at only to percent of the previous cost, by substituting insights from extensive online communities for more traditional marketing panels and focus groups. interactive product campaigns that deploy social technologies, our research further shows, can increase the productivity of advertising expenditures by as much as to percent. new, collaborative forms of engagement with customers too can improve product development, both in speed and level of understanding. kraft, for instance, discovered key consumer insights and significantly reduced times to market for new south beach diet products by enlisting communities of nutrition experts and potential consumers. we found significant opportunities for tighter collaboration in the three advanced-manufacturing industries we studied semiconductors, aerospace, and automotive. highly educated knowledge workers, though central to r d operations in these industries, often remain siloed in their specific units within sprawling global operations. collaboration among such employees across organizational boundaries could increase their effectiveness. supply chain operations in semiconductors and aerospace frequently require a high degree of collaboration and knowledge sharing within and beyond company boundaries in the manufacture of specialized components and complex subsystems. pre- and postsales customer support in these industries often involves ecosystems where information can be exchanged among knowledgeable customers and company personnel, and collaboration tools can facilitate this sharing. texas instruments, for example, uses social platforms to share design information with engineers at client companies, tailoring products to their needs while avoiding costly overdesign. automotive is a somewhat special case of advanced manufacturing, in that the end customers for finished products are consumers. consequently, companies have a significant opportunity to use social technologies for marketing and for deriving consumer insights. kia motors, for example, designed more comfortable seats and increased the space of the cabin in one of its models after learning that consumers in social forums found the cabin cramped and uncomfortable. interactions with colleagues and clients lie at the heart of how professional-service firms, such as advertising, accounting, engineering, and consulting businesses, create value. productivity gains from the effective use of social technologies could be correspondingly significant, principally by reforming internal work flows and by providing meaningful real-time interactions with customers. management resistance and legitimate fears of breaching client confidentiality are factors limiting the potential of social technologies, executives say. of course, this resistance comes at a cost: service providers risk failing to satisfy the rising demands of clients, some of which could be further along the social-leaning curve than they are. innovations are emerging, however. some entrepreneurial firms are experimenting with social networks to cocreate new services with their clients, speeding up knowledge access and implementation. one london engineering firm uses social platforms to manage project communications with road contractors. disruptive new business models are appearing as well. at choosa, a global design firm, clients post requests for proposals on a company social platform. the work is crowdsourced to contractors, who submit competing design proposals. consumer-facing financial services in the retail-banking, life insurance, and property and casualty insurance industries, social technologies can help improve service delivery, reduce costs, and enhance the customer experience. consumers are increasingly open to using these channels for easier, more transparent interactions with their financial institutions. new processes are surfacing across a sector often typified by organizational complexity, siloed personnel, and fragmented processes that stymie collaboration, innovation, and efficiency. to improve collaboration and communication not only across an extensive branch network but also with headquarters, td bank, for example, deployed a social platform for ,000 employees. one result: a reduction in the number of phone calls, meetings, and unwanted e-mails. insurance broker friendsurance has launched a social platform that allows potential customers to form insurance groups think facebook friends that lower costs. the groups themselves insure lower-cost claims and crowdsource administrative tasks. movenbank has targeted ,000 customers in a novel facebook-based institution that will be branchless, as well as paper and plastic free. clients will use the bank s web site and their own mobile devices for transactions, and an intelligent system called cred will advise on financial matters and analyze customer information for credit decisions. because the landscape is evolving swiftly and remains largely uncharted, a universal set of prescriptions for business leaders to follow in exploiting these opportunities has yet to emerge. furthermore, there are risks to be managed, including concerns about productivity-dampening distractions, privacy, the potential loss of proprietary information, and reputational issues. some companies have begun to develop a body of knowledge on how to use social technologies for applications such as marketing. however, for most applications of social technologies particularly enhancing collaboration and communication we recommend that instead of focusing on best practices in the early stages of the journey, executives should be open to discovering next practices, to which broader principles apply: since these are social technologies, the decisions that will make the most difference often won t be about the choice of the technologies themselves but about how to encourage interactions among people. social technologies can bring the scope, scale, and economics of the internet to human interactions, but a successful transformation will ultimately rest on practices and culture. the companies that have the greatest successes will be those with cultures conducive to broad collaboration and sharing. activities appropriate to one organization may not succeed in another with a different workforce, competitive context, or customer base. purposeful experimentation that tests an array of practices and technologies will therefore be crucial. testing minimal viable products to determine what works should help companies learn and implement the right practices for them while they develop new muscles that allow the organization to pivot quickly and opportunistically to new models. creating a critical mass of participation is crucial, and companies will need to nurture self-reinforcing cycles of adoption. bottom-up use of technologies is essential, but our research also has shown that role modeling and vocal support by leaders can be decisive. in addition, technologies should be baked into employees day-to-day work flows, or usage will probably decline after an initial burst of interest. while the adoption of social technologies is growing rapidly, a huge untapped potential for them to create value remains. companies open to the principles and practices we have outlined here can begin to exploit these possibilities and may find that the resulting gains form the basis of a competitive edge over their rivals. for the full mckinsey global institute report on which this article is based, see the social economy: unlocking value and productivity through social technologies, on mckinsey.com.
__label__non_math	0.9996	since the dawn of the internet, marketers have regarded it as a vast laboratory, launching experiment after experiment to crack the code that generates sales and customer loyalty. not surprising, most have failed. consumers adopted digital technology as they themselves saw fit, in the process fundamentally altering the way they make purchasing decisions. companies that understand this evolution are now carefully moving digital interactivity toward the center of their marketing strategies, rethinking their priorities and budgets, and substantially reshaping their processes and skills. through our work with dozens of companies navigating this shifting landscape, we have found that the most successful digital marketers focus on managing four core sources of value as they increase the percentage of marketing and channel spending that is directed to digital activities. first, they coordinate their activities to engage the consumer throughout an increasingly digital purchase journey. second, they harness interest in their brands by syndicating content that empowers the consumer to build his or her own marketing identity and, in the process, to serve as a brand ambassador. third, they recognize the need to think like a large-scale multimedia publisher as they manage a staggering increase in the content they create to support products, segments, channels, and promotions. finally, these marketers strategically plot how to gather and use the plethora of digital data now available. the digital-marketing difference at the simplest level, we ve always known that consumers tend to go through a multistage journey as they make purchasing decisions. yet most companies still concentrate marketing resources on only two stages: brand marketing up front to woo consumers when they first consider products, and promotions at the final point of sale to sway them as they are about to make a purchase. digital technology is changing all that. consumers who used to seek out family and friends for word-of-mouth product recommendations now read online reviews, compare features and prices on web sites, and discuss options via social-networking sites. this information flow not only empowers consumers but also allows marketing departments to be part of the conversation consumers have as they actively learn about product categories and evaluate choices. in fact, both business-to-consumer b2c and business-to-business b2b purchasers increasingly want marketers to help them make smart decisions. they just don t want to feel subjected to the hard sell they expect marketers to engage them, not dictate to them. moving from a one-way, company-driven sales mentality to a two-way relationship with consumers requires core changes in the way marketers do business see sidebar, digital marketing for the c-suite . while some of them have adjusted effectively, most simply tried everything that came to mind, because they weren t sure what would work. companies have explored digital-marketing vehicles such as video ads, sponsored content, and online promotions. new forms of targeted online ad delivery have emerged. web sites have been overhauled, and microsites for specific products or promotions have multiplied. companies are buying thousands of search terms across their lines of business, and new agencies keep popping up to serve marketers increasingly keen desire for innovative content, user tools, or social experimentation. while these initiatives usually make sense, their implementation often doesn t: most companies merely add them to their other operations and thus stretch their organizations financially and operationally. in our experience, companies must thoughtfully integrate such initiatives by focusing on four core sources of value. orchestrate an integrated consumer experience whether by receiving marketing e-mails, searching for products online, or using mobile devices to find retail coupons, customers today continually interact with brands as they move closer to making purchasing decisions. yet completely different parts of an organization manage most such contacts. digital channels can unify that experience and prevent the leakage of opportunity. across a range of b2c and b2b clients, we ve seen companies accelerate revenue growth by tightening the coordination of the end-to-end experience exhibit . these increases represent the cumulative impact of capturing more online traffic, engaging consumers effectively, raising sales conversion rates, and then deepening bonds with the brand after sales are made. to be sure, it s not easy to coordinate content across the entire consumer experience, but the waste from failing to do so ought to be even harder to face. when done right, television commercials should at the very least inspire keywords for consumers to search. great search positioning should offer easy-to-find web links to specific offers being promoted in other media. links should go deep into specific places to help consumers learn about and buy products. retailer sites should show the same product with the same image, rich descriptions, and inventory availability. and all of these images and messages should be consistent. similar rigor is required to ensure that marketing investments are proportional to the influence they may have on a prospective customer s purchasing decision. consider the global consumer products company that traditionally relied on mass-media campaigns when launching new products. because the brand was already well known, the campaigns failed to increase actual sales: the company was spending a disproportionate percentage of its marketing budget on advertising that consumers were largely ignoring. the company realized that a big shift was needed one that would likely ripple through much of its budgeting process, organizational structure, and agency lineup. it moved its spending to efforts toward influencing consumers as they actually evaluated products: by increasing its presence in stores and online, improving its search engine positioning, developing content for retailers web sites, and cultivating recommendations from important online influencers, such as bloggers. traditional media spending fell, and advertising agency budgets shifted toward online content development. as a result, the company doubled its rate of consideration as a top-three brand, almost tripled the rate of recommendations by salespeople in stores, and increased its market share. inspire customers to help you stretch your marketing budget traditional marketers spend about percent of their budgets on working media or paid placement , percent on creating content, and the balance on employees and agencies. digital channels, with their social nature, reverse these economics, focusing on a smaller core of engaged people who can spread positive impressions, or simply share information, with a broader audience. active digital marketers tend to devote about percent of their marketing budgets to paid media and percent to content. customers do more of the heavy lifting as they decide what to look at, play with content, and forward it to their online communities. we have found that by making the right investments, active digital marketers can spend significantly less on marketing as a percentage of sales, with little to no deterioration in performance. allowing consumers to make brands their own inevitably raises concerns among companies that are fearful of losing control over brands. the key is to strike a balance between retaining control and creating opportunities for consumers to embrace your content. one prominent example is american express s members project. created to help consumers promote their favorite causes, the initiative offered million to the nonprofit group that garnered the most vociferous support. consumer engagement was captured through a central web site that offered tools for creating blogs about causes, widgets to distribute so that larger groups could show their affiliation, and a central system where members could rank causes. despite very limited paid media some banner ads, search, and e-mail , amex magnified its exposure through heavy interest from news sites and even traditional tv coverage. celebrities became involved, placing widgets for their favorite causes on personal sites or facebook pages. in short, this initiative generated an explosive viral campaign that made it one of amex s most successful brand-building efforts, at little cost for paid media. adopt a publisher s discipline to curb costs supporting the consumer s decision journey requires a vast and growing range of content well beyond advertisements. as companies chase digital opportunities, most have slowly but steadily begun publishing everything from static content, such as product descriptions, to games and other multimedia. marketers are syndicating content and applications to flow across the sites and mobile platforms of other organizations and people. content is increasingly being pulled on demand by consumers who, for example, subscribe to alerts or become fans on facebook or is tailored to their preferences determined through their past behavior , the context of an interaction, or the time of day. most companies have now essentially become publishers, with a more complex set of cost and quality concerns, yet continue to behave like simple advertisers exhibit . most marketers, failing to adopt the discipline of a multimedia publisher, don t realize that deep within their operations, they are facing rapidly escalating production costs, unnecessary duplication, inconsistent quality of content, and second-rate interactions with customers. one global b2b software provider, for example, produced a growing amount of content from advertising to cost-of-ownership analytic tools to sales support materials to instruction manuals for each of its products in every geography, all tailored to different types of audiences and for different online placements. obsolete content persisted across the web. much useful content was poorly tagged or not well linked to related content, making it hard for consumers to find. product descriptions on the company s own web site, for instance, were often different from descriptions of the same products on a distributor s site. finally, budgets for content creation were buried across business units, and no one had a clear sense of how to pare down the amount of content or raise it to a consistent standard. the software company s solution was to adopt a comprehensive, portfolio-based view of its content with a view to streamlining production costs, making its content more reusable, and finding new ways to improve the experience that the content delivered. it dug into activities across the enterprise to calculate its total publishing costs and understand the spread of its multimedia publishing presence. then it began rationalizing the system. new processes were implemented and a new organization created to coordinate, edit, and manage the content. performance measures tracked how well the content drove sales. a central warehouse stored reusable core content objects, such as product descriptions. salespeople and users received automatic notifications of product updates, tailored to their specific needs. databases and analytics were created to better target the right content to the right consumers at the right time, so material was surgically placed to maximize impact. switching perspectives in this way from that of a traditional advertiser to that of a tightly disciplined, personalized publisher helped the company cut its operating costs by tens of millions of dollars a year. its web site generated dramatically more sales leads than it had before, by offering more timely, personalized, and useful content. the software company s salespeople felt more confident about directing customers to use the web for research and support during the buying process. by improving the customer experience, the new approach improved efficiency and raised returns on assets and on investment. use intelligence wisely to drive performance when a prospective customer actively evaluates product options, the right message is needed immediately, in the right location. when online conversations start to trash your brand, no response can be fast enough. when you need to optimize your search and other media spending on ever-faster cycles eventually daily there s no time to waste. one telecom provider, for example, manages more than ,000 search terms, has developed dozens of algorithms to identify and reach relevant consumers, and has a war room to spot and react to online complaints or rumors. the ability to mobilize in that way requires smart investments in data tools, a group of skilled analysts, and flexible processes that can facilitate rapid action. what isn t required is a multipage performance report, pondered at a meeting several days later, that substitutes for action. savvy digital marketers are mastering intelligence-gathering tools and processes that analyze what customers are seeing, by examining positions in search results or coverage on key retail sites. these marketers explain what consumers are doing, by analyzing their online behavior, and interpret what they are saying, by mining online discussions and soliciting ongoing feedback. such intelligence, the lifeblood of digital leadership, disseminates insights throughout an organization to drive ongoing optimization and promotes the personalization needed to help consumers feel that a brand is their own exhibit . marketers need the ability to assess and utilize intelligence in real time to drive performance by using it. dell, for example, has a full-time team that monitors its ideastorm discussion boards and rapidly responds to posts. packaged-goods companies are starting to manage thousands of search terms on a daily basis, not only optimizing what they spend but also looking for the keywords customers are using in association with their brands. one auto company tracks the volume of people using car configuration tools on its web site as a way to forecast sales and tweak production. for these companies, such insights flow directly into operations. unfortunately, that tight linkage between insight and action is rare. we have found, for instance, that few marketing or sales executives can name three key insights, derived from their online analyses in the past month, that they acted upon to generate value. activating a company s intelligence goes beyond hiring statistical analysts, building dashboards, and writing reports. marketers must prioritize what to measure, as well as assign a cross-functional team to analyze the data generated. then they must have clear processes to act upon insights, track results, and follow up with action. taken together, these changes force companies to step back from tactical, day-to-day execution and take a more strategic view of where to invest and make changes. companies often find that they must enhance their technology infrastructure, expand analytic skills, adjust organizational structures across business unit boundaries, and build processes that impose a new operational discipline. tough decisions need to be made, such as who takes the lead in developing a new-product launch plan; how budgets for content creation are reallocated across global, regional, and local groups; and how to rebalance the roles of traditional media and digital agencies. technology and marketing functions need to work together more closely, with clear service-level agreements from it to maintain adequate support for much more information-intensive marketing operations. marketing departments will justifiably demand more resources, but those should come at a price: higher accountability for sales, innovation, and operational efficiency. business line executives should demand better visibility into metrics about digital delivery and greater clarity about how marketing plans will directly improve performance. in return, marketers will drive value as their brands cease to be mere names and instead become central to helping customers get what they want. hitting the reset button on marketing begins by accepting a new perspective on what marketing needs to accomplish. it requires marketing executives to step up to a broader, cross-functional coordination role, armed with deep insights about the decision journey consumers are undertaking and the tools needed to guide it.
__label__non_math	1.0000	margaret laurence called us a tribe and this year we are gathering all across the country to talk about what it means to be a canadian writer today. all are welcome. hear the latest on copyright, ebooks, library archives canada, plr and the new digital landscape. share your views, mingle with other writers and meet merilyn simonds, chair of the writers' union of canada. merilyn simonds was born in winnipeg, manitoba, spent her childhood in brazil and came of age in a small town in southwestern ontario. in addition to serving as this year's chair of the writers' union of canada she is adjunct professor of creative writing in the mfa program at ubc, and artistic director of the kingston writersfest. she has published sixteen books, non-fiction and fiction. her most recent work, the paradise project, is a limited edition and numbered collection of flash fiction hand-pressed by book artist hugh barclay of the hellbox press. comments on this item
__label__non_math	0.9816	the electoral college doesn t protect federalism or grant extra power to smaller states. mcphersonsentinel - mcpherson, ks social news how frustrated were you tuesday night? i hope you have been reading these columns for each of the past weekends and realize that the electoral college doesn t protect federalism or grant extra power to smaller states. tuesday night proved that it merely turns presidential elections into a game won by narrowing your focus to the undecided voters of a dozen states. barack obama s team created a machine that increased turnout among voters likely to support him in ohio, virginia, pennsylvania, wisconsin, nevada and florida although we may never know who officially won florida. how is it possible that florida can be home to nasa and launch rockets, but they can t count votes? the obama ground game mobilized minorities, women and young people at levels that indicate the excitement over his candidacy was the same as it was in . for months, polls consistently showed enthusiasm for obama had waned due to four years of battling a tough economy, high unemployment and higher gas prices. but instead of wringing their hands, the obama campaign mobilized to reach the people they needed to fill the gap. they didn t come to kansas. they knew kansas was lost. they didn t go to california. the left coast was in the bag. they mobilized in swing states and won a second term in the white house. in one sense, you can praise the effort. they saw a problem and solved it. but when you see that effort is only required in about a dozen states, it has to show you that the electoral college needs to be reformed. as soon as the time came to close kansas polls, the race was called. the same was true in all of the red and blue states. people who arrived at polling places to cast ballots near closing time were still in line when the major networks awarded their states electoral votes. in , whoever the becomes the republican candidate will already have kansas on his side of the equation even though he won t plan any visits here or spend a dime on ad campaigns. no great political machines will be activated to get out the kansas vote. the state is as red as they come. a dozen republicans in a row have received electoral votes in kansas. barring another culturally significant event like the assassination of president john f. kennedy, the next dozen candidates can count on similar support. that consistency may be good, however, it allows candidates to take the state for granted. thanks to the electoral college s winner-take-all system, kansas is just another flat piece of land the candidates fly over on their way to campaign stops. according to nate silver who became the first ever celebrity pollster thanks to attacks on his methodology that were proven false tuesday mitt romney would have had to win the popular vote by almost percent in order to secure enough electoral votes to win the white house. silver said, had the popular vote been a tie assuming that the margin in each state shifted uniformly he obama would still have won re-election with 285 electoral votes, carrying colorado and virginia, although losing florida and ohio. in baseball, the tie goes to the runner. in presidential politics right now, a tie goes to the democrat. once again, the country is fortunate not to have endured a close finish. in , the nightmare scenario is far more likely when both sides field a fresh face. with no incumbents, barring a meltdown by either side, the race should be very close in those swing states. how will the gop feel if they miss the white house again because their candidate only won the popular vote by percent and the electoral college still awards the presidency to the democrat? the easiest path for the republicans to change the balance of power is by reversing losses among hispanic voters. but why should we keep a system that continues to treat the presidential elections as a game and force both sides to play to select audiences in order to win? why should we allow the electoral college to force gop candidates to pander to undecided minorities in swing states rather than formulating policies that benefit all voters from the states and the district of columbia? we can do better. the electoral college could be modified or thrown out to even the playing field. i hope the voters who read this column for three months agreed. we will know more next week when the write-in votes are counted. kent bush is the augusta gazette publisher. he can be contacted at email
__label__non_math	1.0000	want to get great design information, application strategies, press releases and more sent directly to you as they are published? then sign up now for your own subscription. as new information is published, you will get your very own free e-copy, sent right to your e-mail. because we respect your online time and internet privacy, please be assured we will not share your e-mail address with third parties. for more information, see our terms conditions. you may unsubscribe or change your subscription at any time by returning to this screen.
__label__math	0.9974	thermo scientific set of adapters for 100 ml round bottom tube part no. normally ships in -business days this adapter is designed to hold the following: these adapters will hold tube. in other words, each adapter has slot. this adapter works with the following
__label__non_math	1.0000	your discount is already applied we do not require account setup before placing your first order. we display our discounted, lowest price online for your convenience. your account is created automatically upon submitting your first order. do you use purchase orders? select "checkout with purchase order" in your shopping cart or visit our purchase order page for other ways to order without a credit card. order online, by phone, fax, or email your discounted price is already posted on our web site, so can order immediately. both credit card and purchase order options are provided at checkout. you can also email, call, or fax us with your order:
__label__non_math	1.0000	no-delay purchase orders you do not need to do anything before sending us a purchase order. we will set you up in our system immediately upon receiving your first order. our standard terms are net-, but we are always willing to work within your term requirements. please use any of the following methods to send us a purchase order. just click "checkout with purchase order" in your shopping cart email your purchase order to firstname.lastname knightsbridge rd danville, in corporate name: mcqueen laboratory supply company tax id: - business type: small sba self-certified, verifiable in ccr click to download our w- pdf click to download our current registered retail merchant certificate pdf
__label__non_math	0.9975	playv, the uk-based publishing venture co-funded by v2.play and playlogic, has announced that its suite of language tuition titles for nintendo ds will be released in february . on the shelves from 13th february and with full accreditation from international language school inlingua, mind your language revolutionises language tuition by constructing a detailed and fun-filled adventure in which the player learns interactively through exploration and mini-games. mind your language puts players in the shoes of a user-customisable schoolchild at a language school. with versions for spanish, french, german and japanese, the game is arranged into four levels of increasing difficulty, with each language taught from the bottom-up. this elemental approach provides a full and complete understanding of written and vocal language to a standard beyond that possible with 'parrot-fashion' learning aids. as the player progresses, they amass a huge dictionary covering every facet of each language, and with each word represented in text and spoken aloud, mind your language provides a remarkably accessible means of learning without resorting to phrase books or rote learning. targeted predominantly at young learners, the inclusive and accessible nature of mind your language's approach makes it the ideal learning aid for students of any age, as well as providing an excellent method for parent child co-operative learning. brian faller, marketing manager, playv comments: "we're really proud to be launching mind your language on nintendo ds. as a language learning aid, its unique approach is a breath of fresh air compared to existing titles, which rely too much on the brain training or phrase book templates. mind your language does something other methods can't match it makes learning language genuinely fun for anyone, no matter how young or old." mind your language will be available to buy in spanish, french, german and japanese for nintendo ds on 13th february . nintendo ds is a trademark of nintendo
__label__non_math	0.9994	paris - october, - : this november, discover journey to hell, a post-apocalyptic tps with incredible 3d graphics and gripping content. seven maps, each with their own special atmosphere, plus a unique real-time render sound engine developed by audiogaming and a soundtrack composed especially for the game are only a few of journey to hell s many cool features. playing as gabriel and rachel, two members of the secret organization holy shield, you ll behead, dismember and disembowel daemons as varied as they are terrifying with plenty of clich s and elements of parody, project: holy shield pays tribute to the genre of big guns, kick-ass heroes and bloodthirsty daemons. prior the game's release in the app store, dogbox has opened its studio doors via a behind-the-scenes "making of the game" video: load your holy revolvers and blessed guns the demons hunt is on availability: iphone 4s, iphone , ipad , nouvel ipad international pr manager bulkypix
__label__non_math	0.9998	- for immediate publication hamburg wolfsburg, germany, march on march , the new volkswagen polo was premiered at the geneva motor show. the 3d racing game volkswagen polo challenge was developed by fishlabs, the world s leading developer and publisher of 3d mobile games, and will be available for download free of charge in the apple appstore beginning in mid-march. vw polo challenge provides pure racing game fun with the new polo on eight detailed, animated tracks for the iphone and ipod touch. the difficulty increases with every course and only those who drive a best time will be rewarded with a new track. the realistic -point driving physics and the innovative controls steering is done by tilting the iphone or ipod touch are impressive, and the hamburg-based newcomer band feinkost from the volkswagen sound foundation provide a cool score. vw polo challenge offers the perfect combination of sporty driving fun, attractive design, and quality. those who want to test drive the new polo in real life, and not just virtually, can use the game menu to navigate to the nearest vw dealer via gps and google maps. with this game, volkswagen is breaking new ground and innovatively and consistently implementing the concept of integrated communication in all media. at the same time, we are addressing a young target group, says volkswagen crm and internetmarketing. fishlabs have more than lived up to their excellent reputation as a studio for first-class 3d mobile games and have supported vw with their extensive know-how. the new polo is outstandingly positioned. vw has really touched the zeitgeist with the 3d racing game for the new polo. everyone is talking about the iphone and ipod touch and games are by far the most popular application for these groundbreaking platforms, explains michael schade, ceo of fishlabs entertainment gmbh. with the help of our large fan community of umpteen million mobile gamers, the new vw polo will spread like wildfire on the iphone and ipod touch. based in hamburg, germany, fishlabs entertainment gmbh is the world s leading developer and publisher of high-quality 3d mobile games. founded in , fishlabs now employs a team of people and is responsible for the development of over high-quality games. fishlabs game portfolio includes multiple award-winning in-house productions such as galaxy on fire , deep , blades magic , rally master pro , and snowboard hero , as well as licensed productions of well-known brands like v-rally 3d, star wars imperial ace 3d, tony hawk s downhill jam , and gladiator . the high quality of fishlabs 3d mobile games is demonstrated by numerous awards, such as best mobile game rally master pro and third-best mobile game snowboard hero according to pocket gamer analysis. fishlabs is also the best mobile game developer of according to mobilegamesdb. the in-house developed 3d game engine abyss for mobile telephones with java , brew , symbian , and windows mobile technology, and iphone and ipod touch supports some 300 different end devices and sets new standards in terms of compatibility and performance. fishlabs 3d mobile games are marketed worldwide by more than 160 well-known network operators such as t-mobile, vodafone, o2, orange, , telefonica, cingular, sprint, and verizon, as well as directly via furthermore, fishlabs is one of the few providers to market their portfolio over nokia n-gage and sony ericsson playnow . for more information visit about vw polo make way for the new polo swordfish pr games ilka t llner freyja melhorn tel: 089 600 316 fax: 089 600 316
__label__non_math	0.9991	entries in 'earnings' same-store sales at us retailer gamestop dropped .per cent year-on-year. social gaming giant zynga has posted its first ever quarterly financial report, delivering numbers roughly in line with expectations. the high street might be in tatters as the world s governments wallow in spiralling pits of debt and despair, but it s all parties and barbeques and women and jager bombs ... global games retailer gamestop has posted a solid set of q3 numbers amidst a background of widespread financial unease. retailer gamestop has reported another set of record numbers for its fiscal year. though questions regarding gaming s resilience to the recession are being asked with increasing frequency, gamestop has posted year-on-year gains for the quarter ending may 2nd though the all important ...
__label__non_math	1.0000	new for wednesday: oc fire dept. embroiled in turmoil ; city manager to form focus groups; employees spouses create support groupocean city -- armed with concerns over hostile workplace conditions fo...read more county to enter prescription drug discount program snow hill - on tuesday, the county commissioners approved county enrollment in a program to provide free prescription drug discount cards to local citizens. the discount drug card program, established by the national association of counties naco in partnership with caremark pharmaceutical services company, is free and covers the entire family. there is no word yet on when precisely the card will become available, and the full list of participating pharmacies has not been released to the county yet. 'it's not a panacea. it won't solve every person's prescription problem in the county, but it's very easy to participate,' said worcester county health officer debbie goeller. the card is free to consumers. there is also no enrollment forms, income requirements or medical condition limitations. senior citizens are eligible for the card with no restrictions. the only people to miss out will be those who already take part in prescription drug discount programs offered by their medical insurer and even they can use the card to lower costs on medications not covered by their own discount program. the card is intended to alleviate some of the financial strain prescription costs can put on the uninsured and the underinsured. savings can range from to percent, according to naco. 'on average, it's about a -percent reduction in the cost,' goeller said. card users will always get the lowest price on a medication. 'it absolutely is a win-win situation,' said commissioner judy boggs. caremark negotiates the discounts directly with participating pharmacies. worcester county will not be involved in the running of the program. 'there is really no cost to the county,' goeller said. there is nothing coming back, either. according to goeller, the worcester county government derives no monetary benefit from the program, nor does naco. the health department has an outreach effort planned to inform consumers and medical providers of the free prescription discount card. goeller said her staff would use a map, generated by the gis system, of health-related businesses and organizations, from assisted living facilities and daycare centers to senior centers and grocery stores to determine where to send information on the prescription discount cards when they are available. 'new technology helps us a lot,' goeller said. 'we can target our efforts.'
__label__non_math	0.9994	from the richmond whig, , p. , c. inauguration day. - to-morrow, his excellency jefferson davis will be inaugurated as president of the confederate states for a term of six years. it is expected that a large number of persons from the surrounding country will visit the city on the interesting occasion. - the railroad companies will run extra trains to accommodate persons who desire to be present. the proprietor of the hotels and boarding houses should make preparations to entertain an additional number of guests for a day or two. we are not apprized of the arrangements which have been made for the inauguration ceremonies, but presume that they will take place on the capitol square, if the weather should prove favorable; otherwise in the hall of the house of representatives. the president s inaugural is looked for with almost impatient interest. as the occasion will be generally observed as a gala day, we presume that the places of business will be generally closed. everybody should have an opportunity of witnessing the inauguration of the first president of the republic under the permanent government and of hearing the words of encouragement and gratulations he may utter.
__label__non_math	0.9997	the steelers edged the woeful kansas city chiefs -in overtime on monday night but lost ben roethlisberger for most of the second half and perhaps a lot longer with a right shoulder injury. roethlisberger left early in the third quarter after getting slammed to the turf by kansas city linebackers tamba hali and justin houston. coach mike tomlin said he was taken to a hospital for evaluation. the steelers - went on to their fourth consecutive victory. shaun suisham kicked a -yard field goal seconds into the extra period, one play after lawrence timmons intercepted kansas city s matt cassel and returned it to the . jamaal charles ran for 100 yards and a score for the chiefs - , who have lost six straight. the chiefs rallied in spite of themselves in the final minutes. cassel led kansas city yards converting a 4th-and-in the process to set up a -yard field goal by ryan succop as time expired. kansas city s only other victory this season came in overtime, a stunning upset in new orleans in september. any chance at a repeat faded when cassel s pass on the second play of extra period landed in the hands of timmons, who returned it yards to set up suisham s second game-winning field goal of the season. the victory, however, came at a high cost. roethlisberger is in the midst of a career year but struggled through a so-so first half and was of for yards and a touchdown when hali came down on top of him while taking a sack on pittsburgh s first possession of the second half. byron leftwich, playing for the first time in two years, was rusty in relief. he completed of passes for yards though he did produce a scoring drive early in the third quarter that gave the steelers a -lead. it nearly held up on a night the chiefs had one touchdown called back due to a penalty and another overturned on replay. cassel completed of passes for 154 yards for kansas city. but the team ranked last in the nfl in turnover margin saved its biggest mistake for overtime. pittsburgh came in riding a three-game winning streak that erased the sour taste of a -start, and the steelers insisted all week they wouldn t look past the chiefs toward a showdown against rival baltimore next sunday. funny, pittsburgh certainly looked distracted at the start of a raw, soggy night at heinz field. the chiefs didn t take long to erase one bit of misery in their lifeless, luckless season, taking their first lead since new year s day during a spirited first half in which they avoided the kind of gaffes turnovers, penalties, assignment breakdowns that have plagued them all year. with charles gashing pittsburgh s defensive line and cassel avoiding mistakes, kansas city raced in front -. cassel hit tony moeaki for yards on the chiefs second drive, setting up a -yard touchdown run by charles to give kansas city its first lead since a -victory over denver in the regular-season finale. the lead grew to -after an isaac redman fumble deep in pittsburgh territory led to a -yard field goal by succop. like any brief flirtation with success for kansas city, it didn t last. the steelers drew even before halftime. working almost exclusively with his tight ends, roethlisberger drove pittsburgh to a -yard field goal by suisham and tied it on pittsburgh s next possession, when mike wallace atoned for an earlier drop by making a remarkable -yard touchdown grab in the corner of the end zone. the ball slid through wallace s hands, but he secured it with his legs and controlled it before rolling out of bounds. there would be no second-half carryover, however. whatever momentum the steelers had vanished the second roethlisberger trudged to the sideline holding his right shoulder. in that moment all the chatter about kansas city s visit and former chiefs coach turned pittsburgh offensive coordinator todd haley s shot at revenge vanished.
__label__math	0.8270	integration of patient characteristics and the results of chlamydia antibody testing and hysterosalpingography in the diagnosis of tubal pathology: an individual patient data meta-analysis human reproduction, broeze ka et al. in the work up for subfertile couples, the combination of patient characteristics with cat and hsg results gives the best diagnostic performance for the diagnosis of bilateral tubal pathology.methods - authors approached authors of primary studies for data sets containing information on patient characteristics and results from tubal patency tests, such as chlamydia antibody test cat , hysterosalpingography hsg and laparoscopy. - they used logistic regression to create models that predict tubal pathology from medical history and physical examination alone, as well as models in which the results of tubal patency tests are integrated in the patient characteristics model. - laparoscopy was considered to be the reference test. - they obtained data from four studies reporting on women. - the duration of subfertility, number of previous pregnancies and a history of previous pelvic inflammatory disease pid , pelvic surgery or chlamydia infection qualified for the patient characteristics model. - this model showed an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve auc of . confidence interval ci . . . - for any tubal pathology, the addition of hsg significantly improved the predictive performance to an auc of . ci . . p .001 . - for bilateral tubal pathology, the addition of both cat and hsg increased the predictive performance to an auc of . ci . . .
__label__math	0.7130	ultra long range, multi-function, analog laser sensor the new il series represents a significant advancement in laser displacement technology, incorporating performance features typically not found in other systems. the measurement range of this compact triangulation based laser sensor reaches a full .ft .m with .mil 100 m repeatability, regardless of target color. an easy-to-use interface offers a simple approach to measuring height, thickness, liquid fill level, roll diameter, part positioning, width, long distance or hot metal part sensing. the il series control system includes numerous built-in, application specific operation modes including thickness and step height, enabling most installations to be configured and operational within seconds after powering on the system. keyence s design offers a die cast steel sensor head ip- to withstand almost any environment without failures. although the sensor head is metal, it weighs a mere .oz. making it ideal for robotic applications when used with our specialty torsion rated cable. no longer is calibration for thickness measurements a stumbling block. the il series has a dedicated mode that allows calibration to be completed in simple steps. also included is a height difference filter function. this function automatically recognizes abrupt changes in step height and delivers a one-shot output for each step. for stability the system employs an ambient light elimination function in order to counteract ambient light interference from overhead lights. unlike sensor head only models, the il series has many optional settings to tackle most sensing needs. for example, both npn and pnp outputs are supported. five types of analog outputs can be selected. for quick product changeover, patterns of tolerance values can be set. both panel mount and din-rail mount models are available. finally, several communication choices are possible including analog, rs-232 and ethernet ip. keyence corporation of america 888-539-;
__label__non_math	1.0000	east asia and pacific division east asia and pacific division deals with bilateral and regional relations with countries in the east asia and pacific region, with whom sri lanka has established diplomatic ties. it focuses on political matters, tourism, investment and trade, employment opportunities, development assistance, technical cooperation, defense and security, scholarships and people to people contacts including cultural exchange. the government of sri lanka has established resident missions and consulates in the region. - co-ordination of bilateral visits of president, prime minister, speaker, foreign minister, other cabinet ministers, mps and senior officials. - arrangements for visits of foreign dignitaries to sri lanka. - follow-up and coordination activities of political, economic, education, scientific and cultural developments. - coordination of work between the parliament of sri lanka and counterparts in the region. - coordination in formulating and signing of bilateral agreements mous on political, economic, science technology, education and cultural spheres. - coordination of asean regional forum, shanghai cooperation organisation, bali process activities including attending to both logistical and substantive issues for summits and other related meetings. - coordination of substantive and logistical arrangements for the shangri-la dialogue and bali democracy forum. - coordination of scholarship programmes. - processing of political reports from missions abroad. - preparation of briefs for visits and conferences pertaining to the region. - monitoring travel advisories issued by countries covered under the purview of this division. - provide advice and necessary guidelines information to sri lanka missions in the region. this division is currently headed by actg. director general mrs. shobini gunasekara. telephone : 423 900 fax : 446 091
__label__non_math	1.0000	subtotal does not include shipping, discount or tax you will now receive emails about special offers and new product notices from at-a-glance , day-timer , day runner you must be logged in to add to your wishlists. complete this form to add this product to your wishlist complete this form to receive an email when this item becomes available. your message was successfully sent. complete this form to send a link of this product to a friend. your friend's email address will not be saved or shared and only used for this email your item has been added to your wishlist.
__label__non_math	0.8858	hercules gs422b duo stand instrument stand supports two instruments at once: guitars, bass guitars, banjos... hand grip height adjuster makes adjustments quick - a locking pin to secure the stand in place. folding backrests flip down to support instruments. innovative hercules auto grab system ags yoke arms turn in and up under the weight of an instrument, closing on the neck to hold it securely the arms open when the instrument lifts specially formulated foam sff rubber protects finish from dings and scratches and is chemically unreactive with most finishes hercules tests for many types of nitro finish, however some guitar manufacturers change their nitro mixture often. guitars should never be stored on a stand...always in the case height: ."-." 905-1130mm weight: .lbs. .6kg base radius: ." 370mm load capacity: lbs. 20kg folded size: ." x ." 760 x 115mm
__label__math	0.9882	or, if you would like, you can first take the tour. if this is your computer and you checked the "remember me" box above, most of the time you won't need to log in--we'll remember who you are. if you are using another computer at school, in a library, or elsewhere, you will have to enter your name, birthday and the answer to your question. we think there are too many web sites that require you to remember a confusing password. instead we let you choose a question and provide a an answer. sorry. we're working on making mealographer a little more international, but for now, just enter your local postal code.
__label__non_math	1.0000	sdsu assistant bray named nt s d head coach swimming diving gets new head man, brendon bray university of north texas director of athletics rick villarreal has announced the hiring of san diego state associate head coach brendon bray as the sixth mean green swimming and diving head coach. athletes recognized at university honor's day covo, summerfield and jakopin received awards several north texas student-athletes were honored at the university honor's day last friday. delia covo, nic summerfield and natlie jakopin were presented with awards at the ceremony. nt s d reflects on record-breaking season nt s d honors student-athletes at awards banquet north texas s d held its annual postseason banquet to reflect upon the season and present well-deserved awards and honors to the swimmers and divers that performed at a high level this season. phillips reaches another nt milestone in indy phillips performs in indianapolis at championships north texas standout kimmy phillips concluded her record-setting year swimming in the yard freestyle finals at the ncaa division i women's swimming diving championships.
__label__non_math	0.9999	from super fats with rocker tips to high performance boots with burly bindings, here's the skinny on backcountry ski gear. the art of ski tuning and waxing applies equally well to telemark, alpine touring and cross-country skis, as well as snowboards. details when and how to sharpen your edges, touch up the bases, and wax your boards. how to select cross-country skis for classic, skating, or light touring styles of nordic skiing. includes the differences in length, flex, shape and types of bases. once you've picked out some nordic skis, you'll have to outfit yourself with a means of propulsion: nordic ski boots, bindings, and poles. fat, super-fat, mid-fat, phat? backcountry skis have experienced a renaissance in past years. figuring what kind of skier you are and where you plan to ski will help you find the right balance of flex, sidecut, width, and length so you can carve the lines you're dreaming of. going uphill on telemark or alpine touring skis requires the use of climbing skins nylon strips that attach to the base of your skis . once you're at the top, remove the climbing skins...
__label__non_math	1.0000	web no. ha0413- inv no. this vehicle is still available. contact a mecum agent today at 262 275- to place your bid. - matching numbers drivetrain - 327 350 l79 engine - m20 -speed - dealer invoice - window sticker - chateau slate with black bucket seat with console interior - complete ground-up restoration, no expense spared - very rare l79 chateau slate nova super sport information found on the website is presented as advance information for the auction lot. photos, materials for videos, descriptions and other information are provided by the consignor seller and is deemed reliable, but mecum auction does not verify, warrant or guarantee this information. the lot and information presented at auction on the auction block supersedes any previous descriptions or information. mecum is not responsible for information that may be changed or updated prior to the auction. the decision to purchase should be based solely on the buyers personal inspection of the lot at the auction site prior to the auction.
__label__non_math	0.9978	the nidcd award will provide over the next three years to fund the project, titled auditory masking effects on speech fluency in aphasia and apraxia of speech. in many adults who survive stroke, damage to speech regions of the brain results in a distorted, effortful, and halting pattern of speech, a condition called apraxia of speech. although they know what they want to say and have intact muscle strength, they have difficulty programming the movements for speech. they are able to hear their speech errors, and the typical treatment program focuses on identifying these errors and correcting them. for most people, focusing on these mistakes results in little improvement in their speech. in contrast to conventional treatment approaches, dr. jacks and his colleagues katarina haley, phd, dahs, dshs; heidi roth, md, department of neurology are studying the effects of preventing the person with apraxia of speech from hearing the errors in their speech, by playing loud noise through earphones. this approach is based on the premise that people with this speech disorder are overly-attuned to speech errors, which prevents them from speaking fluently. the same phenomenon has been known for decades to help people who stutter to speak fluently, as demonstrated in the popular film the king's speech. in the proposed research, dr. jacks and his colleagues seek to identify stroke survivors who respond positively to listening to noise by increasing speech rate and decreasing the occurrence of speech disfluencies pauses, filler words, repetitions . since not all people are expected to show a change in speech while listening to noise, the team also will study individual characteristics to determine what differentiates those who improve from those who do not. in particular, behavioral profiles type of speech and language impairment and location and size of brain lesion will be compared between positive responders and non-responders to determine whether a positive response can be predicted from routine clinical data. in preliminary work, over half of the participants tested spoke more quickly and with fewer disfluencies while listening to noise. although this is a temporary effect and does not persist after the noise is turned off, the moments of speech fluency experienced may cause the person's brain to activate in a different way than it does when he or she is speaking disfluently. if the preliminary results are borne out in the completed study, dr. jacks and his team believe that the procedure may be further developed into a useful therapeutic technique that can result in lasting speech changes.
__label__non_math	0.9996	pages: format: paperback amazon availability: usually dispatched within hours also shop international: not all items available internationally dispatch same day for order received before noon no quibbles returns treating arthritis diet book editorial review: this companion to the author's highly successful, treating arthritis the drug free way. it contains a wide selection of recipes especially for people with arthritis. these cover hors-d'oeuvres, soups, fish dishes, savouries, salads, meat dishes, poultry and game, desserts, cakes and biscuits. all the recipes are simple to prepare, delicious to eat. the ingredients are neither elaborate nor costly, and there is plenty of variety combined with good nutrition. if you suffer from arthritis or know someone who does, if you wish to prevent arthritis, or if you are simply interested in a healthy diet, you will find this book a must.
__label__non_math	1.0000	just a quick note to say hi the content on this site is presented in a summary fashion, and is intended to be used for educational and entertainment purposes only. it is not intended to be and should not be interpreted as medical advice or a diagnosis of any health or fitness problem, condition or disease; or a recommendation for a specific test, doctor, care provider, procedure, treatment plan, product, or course of action. med help international, inc. is not a medical or healthcare provider and your use of this site does not create a doctor patient relationship. we disclaim all responsibility for the professional qualifications and licensing of, and services provided by, any physician or other health providers posting on or otherwise referred to on this site and or any third party site. never disregard the medical advice of your physician or health professional, or delay in seeking such advice, because of something you read on this site. we offer this site as is and without any warranties. by using this site you agree to the following terms and conditions. if you think you may have a medical emergency, call your physician or 911 immediately.
__label__non_math	0.9994	ok here i am being totally honest. i could write a million things here to tell you how i am and what i am scared of, but i dont have alot of space. i started having panic attacks when i was about -. when i first started having them i didnt know why i felt the way i did. after having them for awhile i started to stay where i felt comfortable and didnt have them. the place that i started to have them the most was at a mall in my city, so i avoided the mall at all costs. i became agoraphobic at that point in my life around yrs old. i had someone that knew a bit about what i had and pushed me and pushed me to get out of the house and do normal things.... it was very hard and i was pushed so hard that i really wanted to avoid these scenarios more. at i had a fight with a man, and i was put in jail for about days. when i got out of jail i was soooo relieved. it seemed my agoraphobia was gone. i could go into the mall and not be so scared, i could do almost anything i wanted to do. i don't know exactly where i fell apart, but everything went downhill at some point. i started back on the path of staying at home and never leaving. the more i got to know about my problem the worse it became for me. i am scared of passing out, i dont think i am going to die when i have a panic attack because i know that i will pass out from lack of oxygen and i will be fine. but i am scared of the feeling of the attack and scared of passing out. to describe the feeling that i have when having an attack is simple.... i feel like i am stuck in a casket and i cannot get out no matter what i do. i am on alprazolam and citalopram. 3mg of alprazolam a day in intervals, and 20mg citals- at once. i find myslef taking pills of alpraz to calm myself and to help me sleep every night. but i dont take it during the day. i take my citalopram everynight as recommended because i think it helps me a bit. i am told that i have to overcome my fears by exsposure, but i cannot make myself do it. i am being honest here, so i think the best way for me to do that is for me to have no option and someone has to make me do it. and in order for that to happen the police would have to take me and i would probably go insane now because of fear. i wish there was a simple pill or anything just so i can be normal again.... i dont remember what its like to be normal actually, this is normal for me.... but try to explain to someone that you cant go out of your home because your scared of passing out on the street or in a mall.... and have them ask you why.... and then tell them " i dont know" and see if they think your crazy or not. if i could smash myself in the head with a hammer or see a hypnotist to totally forget my problems i would.... someone pls help me first of all, please don't hit yourself in the head with a hammer the content on this site is presented in a summary fashion, and is intended to be used for educational and entertainment purposes only. it is not intended to be and should not be interpreted as medical advice or a diagnosis of any health or fitness problem, condition or disease; or a recommendation for a specific test, doctor, care provider, procedure, treatment plan, product, or course of action. med help international, inc. is not a medical or healthcare provider and your use of this site does not create a doctor patient relationship. we disclaim all responsibility for the professional qualifications and licensing of, and services provided by, any physician or other health providers posting on or otherwise referred to on this site and or any third party site. never disregard the medical advice of your physician or health professional, or delay in seeking such advice, because of something you read on this site. we offer this site as is and without any warranties. by using this site you agree to the following terms and conditions. if you think you may have a medical emergency, call your physician or 911 immediately.
__label__non_math	1.0000	my son has had black spots that look like birth marks on the whites of his eyes since he was a baby. he has three marks on one eye and two on the other. i notice that they all appear to be at the end of a blood vessel. he has never complained about eye pain and they do not seem to have grown. my year old daughter also has a couple of these marks on here eyes, but fewer. neither my husband nor i have these marks on our eyes, and i have not noticed them on any other family members. my questions then are what exactly are these marks, what could have caused them, what is their development over time e.g., do they fade or grow , and are there any recommendations for what i can do to help them fade e.g., diet ? their pediatrician has never been able to see the marks because they wiggle so much during the examinations, and i have scoured the web for information about it but to no avail. so i would greatly appreciate any help you can offer. because i can't see them i can't tell you exactly what they are. however they usually are collections of pigment around a blood vessel or nerve where it passes from the white sclera into the middle vascular layer of the eye choroid that's why they occur around blood vessels. they generally do not grown in size and rarely are a problem especiallyif too small for your pediatrician to see . i would take your kids in for an exam by an eye md ophthalmologist. the content on this site is presented in a summary fashion, and is intended to be used for educational and entertainment purposes only. it is not intended to be and should not be interpreted as medical advice or a diagnosis of any health or fitness problem, condition or disease; or a recommendation for a specific test, doctor, care provider, procedure, treatment plan, product, or course of action. med help international, inc. is not a medical or healthcare provider and your use of this site does not create a doctor patient relationship. we disclaim all responsibility for the professional qualifications and licensing of, and services provided by, any physician or other health providers posting on or otherwise referred to on this site and or any third party site. never disregard the medical advice of your physician or health professional, or delay in seeking such advice, because of something you read on this site. we offer this site as is and without any warranties. by using this site you agree to the following terms and conditions. if you think you may have a medical emergency, call your physician or 911 immediately.
__label__non_math	0.9951	has anyone used the pregnancy test strip from .com? if so, how accurate are they? i ordered the extra sensitive ones which is suppose to detect 10miu ml hcg. i decided to test yesterday am and this morning. i got a very faint positive yesterday am.. at least that s what it looks to dh and i. it's so faint you can barely see it when i took a pic of it but in person you def see there is a faint 2nd line. i tested again this morning and the line is much darker today. could this a fluke? may i tested too soon?? could it possibly be a bfp??? i was told i ovulated this month based on my p4 lab results and that i should be getting af by the 30th. it would be a miracle if it turns out i am prego because we were just about to go back and visit my re about ttc until the nurse called back with my p4 results. thanks for the feedback. i can only hope and pray that it continues to get darker as the week goes by. bbt is still high in the 's which i never ever see when charting in the past except when i was prego with my son in . hoping this is an exact repeat of : the content on this site is presented in a summary fashion, and is intended to be used for educational and entertainment purposes only. it is not intended to be and should not be interpreted as medical advice or a diagnosis of any health or fitness problem, condition or disease; or a recommendation for a specific test, doctor, care provider, procedure, treatment plan, product, or course of action. med help international, inc. is not a medical or healthcare provider and your use of this site does not create a doctor patient relationship. we disclaim all responsibility for the professional qualifications and licensing of, and services provided by, any physician or other health providers posting on or otherwise referred to on this site and or any third party site. never disregard the medical advice of your physician or health professional, or delay in seeking such advice, because of something you read on this site. we offer this site as is and without any warranties. by using this site you agree to the following terms and conditions. if you think you may have a medical emergency, call your physician or 911 immediately.
__label__non_math	0.9996	early tuesday morning i relapsed. i have been a self harmer since the age of when i started small with pins and paper clips. my sister called 911 seeing as my parents were working. i went to the bathroom because i was bleeding alot and got dizzy. next thing i know two police officers are comforting me and took me to the hospital. now here's where things really opened my mind to the biggest problem in mental health. i walked through the ambulance entrance with two police officers, not covered up and visibly bleeding from my wrists. as i walked through the emergency room it was not busy at all i received no help. i got a few looks for the nurses but they just walked on by. i sat down in a chair and got my blood pressure taken. the nurse didn't even care to look at my wrists. she didn't even talk to me. i was then put in solitary confinement in small room with the two cops. i waited four hours only to find out the mental health crisis team was at home sleeping and off duty. i was left seeing a hospital grade phychiatrist who had a nurse bandage me up and tell me i was safe enough to go home. sad. i got no help what so ever. now what if someone else did this but it was too late? who would be too blame? now we wonder why were losing lives. we get no help and we are not taken seriously. things need to change and i'm willing to do it. even if i have to do it alone.
__label__non_math	1.0000	communities need information to make decisions and take action: to provide aid to neighbors in need, to purchase an environmentally sustainable product and shun a wasteful one, to choose leaders on local and global scales. communities are also rich repositories of information and knowledge, and often develop their own innovative tools and practices for information sharing. existing systems to inform communities are changing rapidly, and new ecosystems are emerging where old distinctions like writer audience and journalist amateur have collapsed. the civic media group is a partnership between the mit media lab and comparative media studies at mit. together, we work to understand these new ecosystems and to build tools and systems that help communities collect and share information and connect that information to action. we work closely with communities to understand their needs and strengths, and to develop useful tools together using collaborative design principles. we particularly focus on tools that can help amplify the voices of communities often excluded from the digital public sphere and connect them with new audiences, as well as on systems that help us understand media ecologies, augment civic participation, and foster digital inclusion.
__label__non_math	0.9997	posted - : who knew that the president wants old people to die sooner? posted - : and obama wants employers to deny you coverage.... as i have pointed out before, obama wants your employer to deny you health coverage. he and the dems, purposely wrote obamacare to make it easy for employers to deny you healthcare. imagine that. obama wants old people to die sooner, and obama wants your employer to cut off your health insurance. posted - : the story you link to was published three years ago. further, it doesn't say what you claim it says. i hereby nominate this thread for biggest loser of the day. and it's only a.m. pdt -- competitors, we still have almost hours to go posted - : i don't know... we've got cruzo in another thread confusing warranties and insurance. maybe we should return to the prediction thread and predict it will be beaten several times over today posted - : whether it ran three years ago or yesterday. obama cut cancer and heart payments for people on medicare. obama wants your employer to cancel your health insurance by setting up a fine of ,000, which is way cheaper than paying the cost of the employee's health insurance premium. it's all true and factual. the only thing you can do is offer stupid and meaningless voting, by attacking me. thank you for the compliment well, why don't you offer the same stupidly on the thread titled "first birth control, now cancer" or the "pre-existing condition? tough...." thread ? posted - : it's been three years... and it never happened as described in this article. try to keep up. posted - : two quotes from the article. "the specialists, in newspaper columns and meetings with lawmakers, say patients will lose access to life-saving care, from pacemakers to chemotherapy." "the separate medicare proposal, announced july , slashes projected spending for care by cardiologists and oncologists by more than percent each...." obama's proposal slashed heart and cancer care for some medicare patients. therefore, obama doesn't care about heart and cancer treatment for old people. i don't know how you can argue against me. it's a fact. try to keep up posted - : ok, second coming... the article you linked to was from -- in the heat of the battle over obamacare. it contains claims from partisan opponents of the plan at the time. they made some predictions. it is now three years later. it is , not . those predictions never came true. if they did, can you please show us all proof that the cuts actually happened and actually affected cancer and heart disease patients for the last two years since obamacare became law? posted - : back at you es.... based on how you and other libs frame medical cuts, the cuts don't even have to happen for the story to be about how evil and stupid the potential republican cuts are. where is your demand for actual cuts that have happened, under the current topic of " first birth control, now cancer"? where is your demand for actual cuts that have happened under the current topic of "pre-existing condition"? oh wait. you created those threads and neither one of those threads are about actual medical cuts that have happened. what a hypocrite you are. try to keep up posted - : poor baby -- pulls up a story from and misstates its content, then lashes out when it's pointed out. i hereby recategorize the nomination of this thread to biggest display of the day of baiting and immaturity in an original post. posted - : maybe we should talk about how cutting money for an all wood navy would hurt the buggy whip industry you dug up claims from a political battle three years ago. the law passed -- and the cuts never happened. in my two threads, i'm talking about what republicans are proposing now. i'm not talking about theories -- i'm talking about a republican senate candidate saying he specifically wanted to allow employers to opt out of covering employees for cancer. i'm talking about about romney's stump speech where he says he wants to eliminate coverage for pre-existing conditions. what you posted to were invalid claims by obamacare opponents who claimed the sky was falling -- and, three years later, it hasn't. i posted links to two republican candidates who promise to actually eliminate access to insurance. that's a freakin' campaign promise on their part -- elect us, and we'll keep people from getting health insurance. posted - : we probably should wait for the scotus to render their opinion before we start at each other again over the merits of 'obamacare'... but, since that's not going to happen...jeez secondcoming, what we're you thinking?? a three year old piece of crap warning us about shit that never happened?? that's your fear?? reminds me of bat-shit crazy bachmann: under obamacare illegal aliens don t have to pay for obamacare. only american citizens pay for obamacare. ... illegal aliens have the possibility of getting the care, but they have no requirement to pay for the care. only the citizens do. one man stood up, he was over -feet tall. he was a physician in the community. and he said, i had a little lady in my office and because of obamacare, i had to call the irs and i had to get a number to put on a form before i could see her. all of which was pure fantasy and fiction, especially "since the irs does not begin enforcing the individual requirement to purchase health insurance until "...but it made for great soundbites. and let's not forget those 'little blue pills' to kill grandma with--obama said so. anyway, does it strike any of the conservatives here odd that most of the major health insurers now say they will keep major parts of obamacare--even if the supreme court rules against the wh--because it's the right thing to do and it's good business??
__label__non_math	0.9999	as if the adweek and adage lathering weren t enough, cp b s corporate parent mdc partners needed to bust out a press release to express their thanks to perhaps its premier agency. in a long-winded statement, mdc chairman ceo miles nadal, who calls his company a magnet for the best talent, says: all of us at mdc partners would like to offer our deepest congratulations to crispin porter bogusky for their outstanding work, tremendous contributions to the industry, and most importantly, the return on marketing investment that they have consistently delivered to their clients. we believe that creativity and innovation are the lifeblood of the advertising industry. and that the only truly necessary ingredient in a great creative agency like cp b is entrepreneurial talent. that talent must live and work in an environment with a value system and dna that embraces creativity, not just for its own sake, but for its ability to make brands famous and help clients drive increasing returns on marketing investment. this is exactly what cp b has done and continues to do for all of their clients including burger king, microsoft, gap, old navy, domino s pizza, best buy and coke zero. judging by the commentary whenever we post a crispin item, it s hard to discern whether the agency deserves the perpetual accolades. regardless, we await the pouring of more haterade.
__label__non_math	0.9999	the strike show: a live comedy variety show produced by nick kroll and kat foster. wednesday december 12th at at the steve allen theater center for inquiry-west, hollywood blvd. hollywood, ca two blocks west of vermont plenty of free parking in the rear. tickets are at the door. wga members get in free, but donations are encouraged. all proceeds will benefit members of the industry who are affected by the strike via the motion picture and television fund. miracle on 1st street toy drive: the latino writers committee is sponsoring a toy drive to benefit east l.a. s famous hollenbeck youth center on thursday december 13th. please bring a new toy to drop off when you sign in for your thursday picketing shift there will be boxes available at all picket sites and in the wga lobby. contact alan dybner at email if you have any questions. write aid: a benefit concert organized by marti noxon, dawn prestwich, nicole yorkin and the united showrunner committee to provide assistance to industry employees affected by the strike featuring performances by edie izzard, lewis black, patton oswalt, sarah silverman and tenacious d jack black and kyle gass . friday december 14th at royce hall, ucla at . tickets are .per person and can by purchased at or by calling 310 825- or through ticketmaster. where s the amptp s holiday spirit? oh, right. nina bargiel knows.
__label__non_math	1.0000	msnbc host melissa harris-perry is the subject of this week s so what do you do? column. in addition to noting her media idols bill moyers, gwen ifill, rachel maddow and her guilty tv pleasures house hunters, parks and recreation , harris-perry told us about how the show is produced, and whether ratings play a role. having a show with your name on it makes you a brand. who decides the direction of the show, and how do you balance the network s desire for ratings with your own vision? i have never once had someone from this network come to me and have a conversation about ratings, good or bad. no one. maybe they re talking to my executive producer, and that s completely possible. but none of them have ever walked in here and said, you know what? you cannot do that because of the ratings or please do that more because of the ratings. i will say that i have been completely clear, to the point of being fanatical, that my staff is not to share with me ratings information. i don t ever want to know because, for me, the point of doing this show is not about the ratings. but i can tell when it s not been a good weekend just by looking at the staff the next week. it s kind of like after president obama had that bad showing in the debates, like you just know that nobody was walking around happy in obama campaign quarters ofa . so, i can kind of tell if i had a week that wasn t great because people are kind of down but, if i had a week that s great, people are in there bouncing around.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the last time president obama spoke late on a sunday evening back in may, he came bearing important news about foreign policy. tonight, he had some important news about the economy. democratic and republican lawmakers brokered a deal to raise the debt ceiling in exchange for spending cuts. the big three broadcast networks interrupted their normal sunday evening program just after et to cover president obama s comments on the deal. russ mitchell anchored for cbs, george stephanopoulos for abc, and brian williams who was already in rock for nightly and the inside congress special anchored for nbc: as you would expect the three general cable news channels also took the comments live after an afternoon and evening of special coverage: among the business networks, bloomberg and fox business network carried the statement live. oddly, cable business leader cnbc stayed in tape:
__label__math	0.9093	just tested a bit around and checked your problems. they should now be fixed in .214.171.124 together with some other sql-problems. : sorry that you had trouble but as i said it's a first release and was not completely stable yet. so uac hqas to be disabled to run mm-scirpts? that's no that great... but i can't change that i think... : well noticed all your two problems were caused by the formula which i changed at the end because i thought most of you would like it more than mine. yes, 'skipp' was a typo - should be fixed. the second one was quite funny as i also needed some minutes to understand. the problem was the '' because and - is the same minus mal minus gibt plus . so uninstall reinstall to reset the settings or just change the formula by hand. this formula should be ok: - code: select all played- skip dayssinceadded .01dayssincelastplayed it should work... but as in the old script the rating and the skipcounter get updated when you start a next song. check that: play a song for seconds and then play another song. now the skipcounter should increase... have fun and keep posting the bugs
__label__non_math	0.9947	take the oath of office as i sat watching president obama sign his first executive orders, it made me think about the first 100 days of an executive term and how that sets the tone for the whole time as leader. there is a great read by michael watkins, "the first days: critical success strategies for new leaders at all levels," that is a must-have for any manager or leader in a new role. some of the principles in this book are important to people running ecrm and email programs for major corporations. the theme of the book is one we should all take into account today: "you've just been promoted to a new leadership position and you're not sure of the challenges ahead of you or how you will meet them ... all you know is you have three months to get on top of the job and move forward -- or fail." as an agency, service provider, or marketing manager, this is very much the real world. according to watkins, your plan should consist of seven core elements and i'll skew this toward leaders who run email channels : . promote yourself -- you either know email marketing, have experience, or you don't. you'd better gain this credibility internally, quickly. this starts with contextualizing your experience to the channel you are taking on, and socializing it internally. credibility will be the catalyst to all your ideas -- and you can quickly lose your leverage if you don't capitalize quickly. . accelerate your learning -- i love this point. email isn't hard, but what makes a great marketer is adapting tactics and best practices to your world and your customer situation. you have to do this quickly through reading, vetting with experts and asking the right questions to give you the ammo and outlet to make advances from your ideas. . match strategy to situation -- one size doesn't fit all, but in email a lot of fundamental things can work in any industry. your situation consists of a combination of resource, budget, partners and market demands. you have to get creative, and give yourself options to get the work done that you know will move the needle. . secure early wins -- we do this all the time in agency land: build a roadmap and knock out short-term wins and socialize it well. this is critical. nice thing about the email channel is, things can be done at internet speed. introduce a welcome series, do specific targeting of high value customers or one of a hundred tactics that work in email, and get it out the door quickly so you have a foundation to back up your credibility. . negotiate success -- we all have interdepartmental dependencies, but we are alone when it comes to budget. it's vital that you build a solid business model that shows the value of your efforts in terms that serve you in negotiations. this may be with a peer in another department who owns the web site, or it may be the senior team in budget discussions, but without something tangible, you are negotiating uphill. . achieve alignment -- whenever i've taken over new business units or businesses, i always build a plan with dependencies. for email, i know i can affect response and react, but in many cases i can't completely control conversion, average order value or even repeat purchase frequency. unless you own the point of conversion and all variables around it, you have a dependence, and you have to work to align this with the other channels. multichannel marketing is effective, but takes a lot of alignment. . build your team --with today's economy, you shouldn't have a hard time finding an experienced email manager, but it's critical that you get real about what your team will look like and what your delivery model will be in-source, outsource or joint-source . while the explanations above of each element of the plan are not in the same context as the book, "the first days," i recommend you put it in your library. regardless of whether you are new to a position or have been in the role for a term, these are new times with new challenges, and you should treat the next days as if they were your first days. you'll be amazed at the perspective you gain.
__label__non_math	0.9980	in this article how much do dental bridges cost? the cost of dental bridges varies depending on the type of bridge selected and the area of the country in which the procedure is performed. dental insurance will typically pay a percentage of the fee depending on the individual dental plan. how long do dental bridges last? dental bridges can last to years and even longer. with good oral hygiene and regular prophylaxis, it is not unusual for the life span of a fixed bridge to be over years. will it be difficult to eat with a dental bridge? replacing missing teeth should actually make eating easier. until you become accustomed to the bridge, eat soft foods that have been cut into small pieces. will the dental bridge change how i speak? it can be difficult to speak clearly when teeth are missing in the front or anterior areas. wearing a dental bridge with the anterior teeth in their proper relationship will help you speak properly. how do i care for my bridges? it is important to keep your remaining teeth healthy and strong as the success of the bridge depending on the type selected depends on the solid foundation offered by the surrounding teeth. brushing twice a day and flossing daily helps prevent tooth decay and gum disease that can lead to tooth loss. your dentist or dental hygienist can demonstrate how to properly brush and floss your teeth. keeping a regular cleaning schedule will help diagnose problems at an early stage when treatment has a better prognosis. selecting a balanced diet for proper nutrition is also important. reviewed by the doctors at the cleveland clinic department of dentistry. reviewed by jay h. rosoff, dds, on last editorial review: get the latest health and medical information delivered direct to your inbox free
__label__non_math	0.9260	in this article what things increase a woman's risk of infertility? many things can change a woman's ability to have a baby. these include: how does age affect a woman's ability to have children? many women are waiting until their 30s and 40s to have children. in fact, about percent of women in the united states now have their first child after age . so age is a growing cause of fertility problems. about one-third of couples in which the woman is over have fertility problems. aging decreases a woman's chances of having a baby in the following ways: how long should women try to get pregnant before calling their doctors? most experts suggest at least one year. women or older should see their doctors after six months of trying. a woman's chances of having a baby decrease rapidly every year after the age of . some health problems also increase the risk of infertility. so, women should talk to their doctors if they have: it is a good idea for any woman to talk to a doctor before trying to get pregnant. doctors can help you get your body ready for a healthy baby. they can also answer questions on fertility and give tips on conceiving. get the latest health and medical information delivered direct to your inbox free
__label__non_math	0.9853	are you sleep deprived? medical author: melissa conrad st ppler, md medical editor: jay w. marks, md no matter how much sleep you need, if you don't get enough, you will suffer the effects of sleep deprivation. research has shown that in tests of driving ability and hand-eye coordination, people deprived of sleep perform as badly as, or even worse than, people who are intoxicated. it's no wonder that drowsiness is a major cause of traffic accidents and deaths. individuals vary in their need for sleep. some people require nine or more hours of sleep per night, while others may not feel deprived after just five hours of sleep. but the average adult requires seven to eight hours of sleep per night. are you getting enough sleep? ask yourself the following questions: - do you often feel drowsy during the day? - do you usually fall asleep within the first five minutes after lying down in bed?
__label__non_math	0.9996	gaithersburg, md., june prnewswire-firstcall -- medimmune, inc. nasdaq: medi announced today that its senior management will host a business review meeting on at the gaithersburg marriott washingtonian center in gaithersburg, maryland. at the meeting, medimmune's senior executives will review the company's development pipeline and marketed products, including an overview of its launch plans for flumist tm influenza virus vaccine live, intranasal , the first influenza vaccine delivered as a nasal mist available in the united states for healthy people, which was recently approved for marketing by the u.s. food and drug administration. investors and the general public may listen to a live webcast of the meeting via the investor relations page on medimmune's website at windows media is needed to access the presentation, which can be downloaded prior to the meeting from medimmune's website. an archive of the meeting will be available until . medimmune is a leading biotechnology company focused on researching, developing and commercializing products to prevent or treat infectious disease, autoimmune disease and cancer. medimmune actively markets three products, synagis r palivizumab , ethyol r amifostine and cytogam r cytomegalovirus immune globulin intravenous human , and has additional products in clinical testing. medimmune employs approximately ,700 people, is headquartered in gaithersburg, maryland, and has additional operations in frederick, maryland, as well as pennsylvania, california, the united kingdom and the netherlands. for more information on medimmune, visit the company's this announcement and the event described in this announcement may contain, in addition to historical information, certain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. such statements reflect management's current views and are based on certain assumptions. actual results could differ materially from those currently anticipated as a result of a number of factors, including risks and uncertainties discussed in the company's filings with the u.s. securities and exchange commission. the company is developing several products for potential future marketing. there can be no assurance that such development efforts will succeed, that such products will receive required regulatory clearance or that, even if such regulatory clearance were received, such products would ultimately achieve source medimmune, inc. contact: investors: william roberts, -301-527-, or john filler, -240-632-, or media: jamie lacey, -240-632-, all of medimmune, web site: co: medimmune, inc. in: mtc bio hea
__label__non_math	0.9906	scientists have revealed that new treatments for the incurable nerve disease known as lou gehrig's disease or amyotrophic lateral sclerosis als could be developed via a long-used anti-cancer drug. their research showing how the drug prevents clumping of an enzyme linked to als appears in the journal of the american chemical society. lucia banci, ivano bertini and colleagues explain that als causes a progressive loss of muscle control as the nerves that control body movements wither and die. patients become weak and have difficulty swallowing and breathing, and most die within three to five years of diagnosis. although some als cases are hereditary and run in families, about percent are "sporadic," with the cause unknown. some research links sporadic als to clumping of an antioxidant enzyme called hsod1. the authors explored whether cisplatin, a chemotherapy drug used since the 1960s that is known to interact with some of the enzyme's amino acids, has any effect on hsod1 clusters. the scientists found that in laboratory tests, the anti-cancer drug cisplatin bound readily to the enzyme, preventing hsod1 from aggregating and dissolving existing bunches. cisplatin targets sites that can form bonds between hsod1 after the enzyme loses the atom of copper it normally carries. the scientists note that cisplatin does not prevent the enzyme from performing its normal functions. "from this work it appears that cisplatin is a promising lead compound for the rational design of als treatments," the authors say.
__label__non_math	0.7353	assets under administration: ,849 million euro, adjusted net income: 224 million euro, dividend proposal: .eurocents per share dividend balance to be paid: eurocents per share the board of directors of mediolanum s.p.a. met today in basiglio mi and approved the consolidated and the separate financial statements as at . the board of directors resolved to propose to the shareholders a payment of a dividend of .eurocents per share relative to the net income for . considering the interim dividend of .eurocents per share already paid out in november , the board of directors will propose the distribution of a final dividend of eurocents per share, gross of any applicable taxes, at the general shareholders meeting, payable as of coupon , ex-dividend date . the general shareholders meeting for the approval of the financial statements will take place on at p.m., first call, and, if needed, on at the same time on second call, in basiglio milano , palazzo meucci. the consolidated group results, registered a statutory net income of 247 million euro, gross of the capital gains from the sales of the lehman brothers bonds relating to the commercial operation in supporting the customers impacted by the lehman brothers default. in fact, in the operation was completed, resulting in a positive impact on the group s economic results amounting to .million euro net of related taxes which compares to a net loss of 107.million euro recorded in . therefore, the final cost of the operation came to .million euro, completely covered by the two majority shareholders - the doris group and fininvest s.p.a. in light of the extraordinary nature of the operation by the two shareholders, that through the creation of an equity reserve brought the shareholders equity to the exact same value that it would have been if the lehman brothers operation had not taken place, an adjusted version of the income statement will be presented and commented on without considering the effect of the sales of the lehman brothers bonds, thus allowing a more appropriate comparison with the previous year. adjusted net income came to 224 million euro, an increase of with respect to the previous year. profit before tax was at 275 million euro, an increase of . this is an extremely positive result and higher than expected, despite the negative influence coming from the lower euribor rate and the confidence crisis that impacted government securities of the peripheral european governments, italy included european bank bonds indirectly . this impact, however, was more than compensated by a significant strengthening of the business - expressed by an increase in assets thanks to the equity market performance, but even more so by strong net inflows - and a consequent increase in recurring revenues in managed assets. moreover, the favourable trend in the financial markets positively influenced performance fees. in fact, the fourth quarter registered a net income of million euro. as proof the aforementioned: - assets under administration reached a record, totalling ,849 million euro, an increase of compared to the previous year. - net inflows, after the historic record in ,928 million euro following the introduction of the freedom account were positive at ,048 million euro. the same considerations made for the group apply to the domestic market as well, where the following results were achieved net income and assets include banca esperia for the share pertaining to the group : - net income was at 234 million euro, with an increase of with respect to the previous year;; - assets under administration grew with respect to , totalling ,886 million euro. in greater detail, with reference to banca mediolanum: - net inflows were positive at ,285 million euro. net inflows into managed assets were positive and increased , totalling ,131 million euro note that third party structured bonds and certificates sold to customers are included in this figure . - the success of the freedom account launched in march continued, as inflows registered a total of .billion euro in just under years. - there were ,772 financial advisors as at . - as at , there was a total of ,077,000 customers, of which 897,000 primary account holders. - there was a total of 568,000 bank accounts as at . highlights in particular with respect to banca esperia: - assets under administration increased with respect to , reaching ,745 million euro ,372 million euro for mediolanum s share . - an operating income of .million euro, growing with respect to the previous year.. - net income of .million euro .million euro for mediolanum s share , an improvement with respect to the result in of .million euro, despite the presence of extraordinary costs of .million euro. with reference to the foreign markets: - the business in spain closed the year in profit .million euro , after a loss of .million euro in .. - the business in germany closed the year with a loss of .million euro, which includes the impairment that was taken on this business totalling .million euro. excluding this effect, the operating loss came to million euro, an improvement compared to .million euro in the previous year. - total assets under administration for the foreign banking subsidiaries totalled ,963 million euro, a growth of with respect to . embedded value, which includes all the domestic market businesses excluding banca esperia, and the business in spain excluding the banking business, hit a historic record of ,233 million euro at with respect to . embedded value earnings came in at 267 million euro. in particular, the value added by new business was 215 million euro. in an effort to provide more complete disclosure about the economic results as at , we have attached the segment report detailing economic data, reclassified to reflect the criteria used by the mediolanum group. this reclassified segment report is not subject to audit by the independent auditors, who moreover, haven t yet completed the audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements as at . the officer responsible for preparing mediolanum s.p.a accounting documents, luigi del fabbro, declares that, in compliance with the requirements of the second paragraph of section 154 bis of the consolidated finance act, the financial information contained herein reflects the accounting entries, records and books. a presentation in english of the information contained herein will be available at borsa italiana. the financial statements as at will be made available at the company s registered office in basiglio - milano , palazzo meucci - via f. sforza, on the website and at borsa italiana s.p.a. within the deadlines specified in the shareholders meeting convocation notice. the board of directors also approved the fifth edition of the social report of the mediolanum group. for the past four years, this document has been published alongside the annual report. the social report expands upon the intangible aspects of corporate activities and their ethical, social, environmental and safety impacts with the aim of providing better, deeper insight into the work, commitment and values of the group. the social report also serves the purpose of highlighting mediolanum s contribution to sustainable development through concrete practices in the relationships with the main internal and external stakeholders. basiglio - milano city,
__label__non_math	0.9968	a visit from a friend the other day brought an unexpected gift. one of the greatest things a friend can do is to help us to love and appreciate ourselves more, and that s exactly what my friend did when she visited my home. my friend, also named mary, is a beautiful woman, beautiful inside and out. she is always beautifully dressed, her hair perfect, and you could drop into her home at any time to find a picture perfect, lovely and orderly environment. we share a love of nature, and i have always admired her meticulously cared for, orderly and weedless garden and yard. mary always makes me feel special and loved, yet despite this i felt a bit intimidated about having her visit me at my home for the first time. i am not a perfect housekeeper. my garden, as filled as it is with beautiful things, is never weed-free and certainly not symmetrical or planned with any sort of special arrangement in mind. you could say that these things, as well as how i dress, is casual . as i ushered her along the patio to the door, she immediately remarked on how beautiful my yard is. i was really struck by this. while i was seeing the weeds that need to be pulled, plants that need to be replaced and spots where something needs to be planted, all she saw was the beauty of the flowers and shrubs. her appreciation was genuine, and what i saw as a deficiency in my gardening, she saw as delightful. she was enjoying the casualness and spontaneity of it, which mirrors nature itself. mary helped me see things, myself included, with new eyes. this continued once we were inside and she commented on the peacefulness and quiet in our home that was what she noticed, not the details of the furnishings. i showed her a painting of wisteria by my mother. i have always enjoyed it as i love wisteria and the painting seems to capture it in a charming way. mary said she liked it because of the way the wisteria is casually presented not contained neatly inside the picture in a symmetrical way. there is a certain sense of abandon in it. now when i look at the painting, i see it as a reflection of my garden and some of the traits my mother passed on to me. mary s visit left me with a greater acceptance, and even appreciation, of myself. my experience of my garden and yard is different. i see it with new eyes, and appreciate it more everyday. as i thought of sharing this story with you, i couldn t help but see the connection with the style of meditation i ve embraced. it s one of acceptance of what is, including acceptance of oneself. i hope our visits together in the meditations bring you the same gift mary s visit brought me. compassion, like gratitude, is something we love to feel. even though compassion arises as we witness and empathize with another s pain, it is satisfying to feel this response in our hearts. it feeds our hearts. hopefully, this new podcast meditation will help strengthen and develop your capacity for compassion, not only for others, but more importantly for yourself. i recorded this meditation with my local group. you ll notice voices in the background in one part. i thought about editing that section out, but i had incorporated the noise into the meditation and thought you might enjoy that. when we hear noise as we meditate, the key is to let go of resistance to it and attempts to push it out. although it s more pleasant to meditate in a quiet place, we can experience inner silence even in the midst of noise. let me know what you experience with this meditation. hope it serves you well i m calling our latest podcast episode advanced because to experience the love that the meditation points to requires that your mind be settled enough to notice some subtle experiences. the meditation prompts you to become aware of tendencies to resist what is happening in your thoughts and emotions, and even further to the feeling that underlies those tendencies a sense of things being not quite right. it s a sense of not being alright as you are. it s a sense of life not being alright. it s at the core of the suffering which is part of the human condition. of course, we all like some feelings and experiences more than others. that s natural. but suffering results when we feel that things should be different, that we should be different that we should feel differently than we do. when we are able to let go of the resistance to how we feel and stop trying to make ourselves be or feel something else, then what is left is love. i m not talking about love in the way we usually think of it. when we say love, we are usually referring to a sentiment or feeling. the feeling of love can be mixed with affection, respect, gratitude, infatuation, passion, all sorts of things. what we usually identify as love is something we feel in response to someone or some thing. the love i am talking about is not an emotion, and it is not dependent on anything. it is the very essence of our existence and reveals itself when we let go of resistance and attempts to manipulate our experience. it is the natural state of our own awareness, of our beingness , which is always there in the background but is largely ignored. my hope is that with this meditation, you will be able to recognize and enjoy it. you may need to use this meditation a number of times before this love is clearly experienced. if you are new to meditation, it might help to try the podcast episode one relaxation break or the breath awareness meditation until you are able to settle down enough for this meditation. i d love to hear your experiences with this meditation. the feedback we ve received here and at the meditationoasis.com website has been really helpful. and, as always, we welcome your questions.
__label__math	0.6860	san francisco obstructive sleep apnea may be associated with an increased risk of cancer incidence and death, according to two studies presented here at the annual meeting of the american thoracic society. in one, researchers led by f. javier nieto, md, phd, of the university of wisconsin madison, found that both the interrupted sleep and hypoxemia associated with sleep apnea were linked to an increased risk of dying from cancer. in the other, investigators led by miguel martinez-garcia, md, of the hospital general de requena in valencia, spain, found that hypoxemia was associated with an increased incidence of cancer. both analyses were sparked by the recent observation that, in mice living in low-oxygen conditions, transplanted tumors grew more rapidly than in mice getting normal air, nieto told reporters here. to see if that had any implication for people, nieto and colleagues looked at data from the wisconsin sleep cohort study, which began observations in and currently has data on ,522 participants, with follow-up data every years. over the lifetime of the study, there have been deaths from cancer, nieto said, with risk increasing in step with the severity of sleep apnea, as measured by the standard apnea-hypopnea index ahi . the ahi gauges the number of times people wake because of low oxygen. specifically, compared with participants without sleep apnea defined as ahi less than , the relative hazard for cancer death was: - .for those with mild apnea defined as an ahi between and . - .for those with moderate disease defined as ahi of to . - and .for those with severe apnea defined as ahi or higher or use of a continuous positive airway pressure cpap machine the trend, nieto said, was significant at and the results were nearly unchanged when patients on cpap were excluded. the investigators saw a similar trend, with increased risks, when they looked at degree of hypoxemia, defined as the proportion of sleep time spent with an oxygen saturation of less than . participants are regarded as not having disease if that proportion is less than . and, compared with those people, the risk of cancer deaths rose markedly with increasing hypoxemia. the relative hazard was .for participants with hypoxemia between . and . , .for those between . and . , and .for those above . , nieto said for trend . both analyses were adjusted to try to account for "all the confounders we could think of," nieto said, without major change in the outcomes. "it appears that these intermittent drops in oxygen stimulate the cancer," nieto said. the spanish researchers analyzed a database of ,246 people who had presented to sleep centers with a suspicion of sleep apnea between december and december , martinez-garcia said. in a median follow-up of .years, there were 302 incident cancers, he reported. in an unadjusted analysis, he and colleagues found the same pattern for ahi as the u.s. investigators, only this time for cancer incidence rather than mortality. but when the analysis was adjusted for such things as age, sex, and body mass index, the association was no longer significant, he said. on the other hand, analysis based on hypoxemia index using slightly different cutoffs than the wisconsin group showed a significant link with cancer even after adjustment, he said. specifically, compared with an index of less than , a hypoxemia index of greater than was associated with an incidence density ratio of . incidence also was elevated for those with an index from through , but it did not reach significance. "the key thing for me is the amount of oxygen people are getting" rather than how often they wake in the night, commented mary morrell, phd, of imperial college london, who was not a part of the study but who moderated a press conference at which details were presented. what the studies suggest, she said, is that "something associated with low oxygen is triggering the cancer, which would fit with the original animal work." nieto fj, et al "obstructive sleep apnea and cancer mortality: results from the wisconsin sleep cohort study" am j respir crit care med ; 185: a1047. mart nez-garc a ma, et al "association between sleep apnea and cancer incidence: longitudinal study of ,900 patients from the multicenter spanish cohort" am j respir crit care med 185 ;: a6723.
__label__non_math	0.9998	weigh in: fda and fecal transplant the fda said physicians seeking to perform fecal transplants need the agency's approval, citing the same authority under which it regulates blood donations and organ transplants. should the fda have authority over fecal transplants? total votes 109 this survey is a poll of those who choose to participate and are, therefore, not valid statistical samples, but rather a snapshot of what your colleagues are thinking.
__label__non_math	0.9979	eye dust: apply using an eye shadow brush. dip lightly into the container, then tap to release excess make up. use "stick it effects. try applying it wet as an eyeliner by mixing it with our "eye liner seal". just use our ultra fine eyeliner brush. eye dust can also be applied to lips because it is mineral. this looks great under lip gloss glitter: glitter can be applied to body, face and hair. you can apply it dry by sprinkling it on then dusting it off, it will leave a sparse sparkle allover. for a super sparkle look, apply "the fix" then layer the glitter on, allow seconds to dry. glitter should be used with caution around eyes. eye shadow: apply just like any eye shadow, with any of our various brushes. this intense eye color works well dry. for really dramatics looks or intense eyeliner, this product can be used with our "eyeliner seal" and applied just like a liquid eyeliner or paint. you can use various brushes just like an artist on canvas apply after you have applied all eye makeup, this is the last and maybe most important step colors or choose colors opposite on the color lightly allover your neck, chest and arms with our dust lightly on the apples of your cheeks with our kabuki brush for the perfect flushed look. gloss: it's as easy as gliding it on of your favorite eye dust color because they are safe for your lips and then apply lip gloss for a rich dual tone look. once a month wash brush heads with medusa's make-up brush cleaner and allow to dry overnight on a clean towel. you ever done amazing makeup and thought that you would never remember how you did it? well now with our worksheets, you can take notes as you go along. just click your eye color below and a pdf will open.
__label__non_math	0.9939	this weekend was a little crazy, but some parts were quite enchanting. there was some camping prep for next weekend, some shopping, and a sunday morning trip to the pop shop love that place . saturday i had an appointment for a trim, which unlike normal, i hit up alone my parent's weren't around this weekend, so much easier for trav to chill with gwen . that night we were supposed to have a date night, but due to not one, not two, but three possible babysitters all having things pop up at the last minute sickness, sudden change of plans, and a funeral , it ended up being a girls night ro and i , while trav stayed home. i was bummed... it would have been really romantic, and it was the perfect setup with us not having to leave until after gwen was in bed, but it was still such a great time with one of my best girls. we headed to longwood garden's light display. it was incredible, gorgeous. walking through the wooded path was like being surrounded by fairies... the towers in the field had great music playing softly... it was like an enchanted tea party. there were fountains... dragons to molest... and a candle lit tree house. more glowing orbs decorated a pond. flowering lights lit up a flower path.... and showers of light rained down in the mansion itself. it was so gorgeous. ro and i really enjoyed ourselves. here's a better illustration of how really beautiful it was click to fully enjoy : of course, longwood gardens is amazing no matter when you go. the things they grow there are pretty fantastic: but this was definitely a bit more magical then normal.
__label__non_math	0.9981	i'm looking for a group to go biking with. -times a week everyone has made me feel welcome despite my being quite the out-of-shape novice my personal email: masked let me know if jan 26th works for the colloquium why did you leave? i am trying to build it like the cleveland one... welcome to the south of i-480 dinner group nice to meet you tonight my name is jackie and i'm the organizer of dance the night away. i'm planning to have karaoke singing contest for next january and the winner'll get cash.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the development of e-commerce has given consumers the opportunity to shop from the convenience of their homes. this can save the time of driving to stores, finding parking and filling up the gas tank. as retail technology has developed, merchants have faced the challenge of replicating the interactive and personal aspects of face-to-face customer shopping experiences. a new technology launched by open4sale, an australian-based e-commerce firm, might offer a solution. with video conferencing technology, users can connect with sales associates for live in-store consultations. the company demonstrated the service at the capello capital corp. investor conference in los angeles, california. in the demonstration, customers interact with a salesperson via live video and are able to ask questions about products before they make purchases from their computer at home. the company hopes that real-time interactions with a sales consultant who can make personalized shopping recommendations will bridge the gap between in-store and online purchasing. additionally, the new e-commerce solution can help small businesses compete with large online retailers by offering expertise and improved customer service. businesses that want to gain a competitive edge can invest in web conferencing services such as megameeting that allow easy and convenient online meetings with consumers.
__label__non_math	0.9688	best list of android tablet apps had an android tablet? you will prefer to get these android apps tablet best to depict it forth altogether its nimbus. it is just to state that android tablets as if the asus transformer prime and motorola xoom are not as well-served like the ipad once it pertains optimized apps. there are a few super-sized jewels at the android platform, although and these are some of our favourites android apps tablet best list. google currents free our best android tablet apps started with these flipboard-style app, portrays news and blogs sites in a kinda magnetic magazine-style format. a few publishings have been customized to make the best of the look from app, just you are able to bring every rss feed and flick aside. gears of war clone from madfinger seems astonishing particularly if you apprehend the optimised thd game s version to tegra . all right, the run-and-gun gameplay is a little simple, only just take it. connect a controller then plugs your tablet to an high-definition television and you will be playing a appropriate console game. if you cross one s eyes a bit. bbc news free the bbc has yet to launch an iplayer s version of android only their android dev team has not been dying away. the bbc news app allows you swish and filch by the website s news at an adorable tablet-optimized layout two landscape column, by a swipeable stories row by the top of the display in portrayal preference. officesuite pro . occasionally you just must break one s back and get to work. well, this fully-featured office cortege is the path to do it. you are able to edit or create word, powerpoint and excel documents, and it bears file formats of word . owners of transformer prime could enchant at the ability to use whole the standard keyboard shortcuts, as well. and this is probably best android tablet apps to work want to tweet from your tablet? this tablet-optimized twitter client app boasts a nice-looking layout of three-column, and supports saved searches on multiple accounts. a few might say it seems suspiciously alike to tweetdeck, however it is the best android tablet apps for social network google chrome beta free browser of google-own is set to turn the default browser fro android- so it is only as well that it is an avid piece of outfit, double-quick loading pages. sync up your desktop version s bookmark and get surfing. even at beta stage, this is our best android tablet apps for internet browser. grand theft auto iii: year anniversary edition . classic 3d open world crime antic from rockstar seems terrific at a large tablet s display and with android you are able to employ a gaming controller to the whole console feel. then until apple gets their rumored gaming controller forth the ground, there is actually no competition. and here is our inducted android tablet apps best, any advice to another apps that should be inducted to this android tablet apps best list?
__label__non_math	0.9999	sly cooper: thieves in time video game for playstation vita take the sly cooper experience on the go when it returns with an epic brand new adventure for the playstation vita system this fall . the pages of the thieves raccoonus are disappearing and bentley, now keeper of the ancient master thieves book, must round up the gang and save the cooper clan legacy from being destroyed forever. use the playstation vita's unique controls to play sly cooper like never before. supports cross platform game save with the playstation . epic boss battles, melee action, and new stealth moves provide a deep gameplay experience. features humorous time travel storyline and engaging puzzles, a variety of playable characters and unique play styles. - release date: - studio label: sony - platform: playstation vita - esrb rating: e10 -day limited warranty for defective goods. all non-defective returns to be received in factory fresh sealed condition.
__label__non_math	0.9959	i was so excited when i applied for an opportunity to receive a product to make a tutorial through totally tutorials and was chosen. the product i received is this sweet paper doll fabric. how fun is it? ruby jane's retro fabric is where the fabric came from. they were so nice to do this. lets get started making the carrier first you will need to draw out your pattern pieces in the dimensions shown above. cutting the amount shown on each pattern piece. these aren't actual pattern pieces just shapes of what you will need to draw out to make the pattern. here is what you should have once all your fabric is cut out. now you will need to cut out plastic canvas inserts for your inside pieces of the carrier. these are to make the carrier sturdier . you will need to cut two pieces of canvas " x " these will be the inserts for the front and back. then you will need to cut one piece at " x " for the spine piece. fold your spine piece together right sides facing and sew down the short edge. turn your spine piece right sides out now and iron with the seam in the middle. insert the spine piece of plastic canvas in the center of the fabric. pin the plastic canvas in place. sew down each side of the plastic canvas, not on it just beside it. now the pocket pieces...fold in half and sew across the bottom. turn right sides facing out and iron repeat with remaining pocket pieces. sew a straight line across the top " down for finishing on your pocket. pin pockets where you want them on the inside piece of the carrier equal distance apart and sew along the bottom of each pocket. you do not need to sew along the sides they will be sewn in later. lay your font piece of the carrier face down on the pocket piece of the carrier with the pocket piece facing up. repeat with both sides and pin the fabric together. sew each piece like the diagram above leaving one side open on each making sure that when you turn your fabric it will be the direction that you want. trim your corners and turn right sides facing and iron.r fold your fabric inward on each side of the front and back pieces and iron under " on the open side. insert the front and back plastic canvas pieces in each the front and back fabric. now take your spine piece and place the front and back plastic piece in the edge up to where your sewn line is on the spine piece, and pin in place. you will have to pin as you go. stitch in place by hand i did a blanket stitch but you could just do a running stitch or whatever. here is the inside piece stitched up. repeat with the other side. you could be done after stitching you just need your handles or if your like me and didn't pay attention to how you laid out your fabric to sew together you can add to it... so i just cut out one of the paper dolls from the fabric and laid on top of some heat and bond and cut out a piece of heat and bond the same size. iron the heat and bond to the fabric as it shows in the direction on the package. trim around the doll and then iron it to a sheet of felt. now cut around the felt leaving just an edge of it showing mines is around ". stitch that onto the front of the carrier however you would like making sure not to go through the canvas and stitch your pockets. ignore the handles in this picture i forgot to take a picture of the paper doll stitched on . cut two " piece of ribbon for each handle. fold over each edge " and pin in place i measured in inches on each side and pinned mine. fold the carrier shut and pin the other handle in place using the previous handle as a guide where to pin. sew the ribbon in place securely by hand. place all your paper dolls and their clothing in the pockets. and your ready to go carrying your paper dolls with you. or at least your little one can carry their paper dolls with them. you could stitch something cute along the spine too if you wanted. a picture of the back. thank you so much for choosing me for a tutorial i love this fabric and it was so fun to imagine something out with it and make it. i hope that you enjoy this.
__label__non_math	0.9944	posts tagged youtube sunday, well it s a weekend, and while i do spend some weekends working on the main stream of my work, aka my job, i sometimes take time for one of my hobbies if you can call it that. i have lots of interest so sometimes i just feel i need an outlet for those which i am not mainly involved with like music. so.. aside from exploring some games on gnu linux today, and getting bored after a little while, i went to songza to play some music and then somehow ended up doing the same thing on youtube, when an interesting idea hit me. why not create a playlist of all these incredible trance tracks i love to listen? so i did and i felt good about it so i even made it into a subpage on cosmicall.net. behold the entrancement tech as i called this playlist. the name seems fairly unique judging from a brief google search so i might even stick to it as some sort of a brand for some of my future music involvements. who knows what i ll be doing next after libervis.com and nuxified.org are back in shape. aside from promoting voluntaryism, music is pretty high up there. one of the long planned libervis projects is all about music. but i wont talk about it more yet.. anyway, the name entrancement tech has a meaning to me. i see electronic music as literally an expression of feelings through technology, because pretty high tech devices well.. computers usually are used to make all those cool tracks. but most of all i feel like trance really pushes this aspect to the limits. it is incredibly emotional and energetic and at the same time incredibly smooth and technological. for me listening to trance is like listening the high tech machines crying and singing, except it s just me, in love with technology and what it makes possible celebrating it by listening and jumping yea.. literally, when i go to a party like this one yep i was there so.. to those who share my love for this sort of culture. enjoy the entrancement.
__label__math	0.8907	may we also suggest the following gifts... write your own review rate this product: by charles petersburg comments: my buddies and i consider ourselves beer connoisseurs, so i know they will love these mugs. the engraving is nicely done and the quality is great. "my best man's gift" comments: i ordered this for my long time friend who was my best man at my wedding. i know it was my special day, but i wanted to thank my friend and show him how much i appreciate him for being my best man by presenting this really nice beer mug. the mug is quite heavy which is a plus, and the engraving was done just how it was shown on the website. he was very thankful to receive this gift. i highly recommend this site "personalized best man glass beer mug" by anita h. comments: we ordered these for the groomsmen and ushers- they loved them and most started using them while we were still at the rehearsal dinner. they definitely have some weight to them which is nice and the personalization looked great. in fact i liked them so much i ordered another one for my groom. thank you for job well done.
__label__non_math	0.9971	daphene r. mcferren daphene r. mcferren is the director of the benjamin l. hooks institute for social change at the university of memphis. mcferren is a graduate of yale college and a graduate of harvard law school. prior to joining the hooks institute, mcferren practiced law in the washington, dc area and was an attorney for the united states department of justice and counsel to former u.s. attorney general janet reno from december to january . in , mcferren was awarded a summer stipend grant from the national endowment for the humanities neh . the neh summer grant funded, in part, mcferren s efforts to collect primary source materials on the fayette county, tn, civil rights movement. she is the daughter of john and viola mcferren, two leaders of that movement. the collected materials were donated to the university of memphis libraries, special collections, where they are now available to the public. from june to may , mcferren was a visiting scholar at the hooks institute and was responsible for creating the symposium the fayette county, tennessee, civil rights movement: how african-americans changed themselves, their community, and their nation by demanding the right to vote." in addition, mcferren worked with a team that included robert hamburger, producer, new jersey city university faculty and students, and the university of memphis, among others, to produce the documentary titled freedom s front line: fayette county, tennessee. this documentary recounts how, beginning in , african americans struggled to gain the right to vote in fayette county and how their efforts evolved into a sustained civil rights movement. assistant director position opening, for more information click here esra ozdenerol, ph.d. esra ozdenerol is the associate director of the benjamin l. hooks institute for social change at the university of memphis. she also serves as associate professor in the department of earth sciences and director of the graduate certificate in geographic information systems gis at the university of memphis in addition to her position as adjunct professor of preventive medicine at the university of tennessee health science center in memphis, tn. ozdenerol holds a degree in geography from louisiana state university in baton rouge, la, and has been with the university of memphis since , where she teaches gis and its applications to health disparities. in , ozdenerol was awarded a research grant to create a gis-mapping website that will disseminate information about pivotal civil rights events and their locations in west tennessee. the gis-mapping website will have electronic visualizations, such as animated maps, that allow exploration of recreated landscapes, hyperlinked stories, photographs, and video interviews of those involves in the civil rights movement. ardella m. jeffries ardella jeffries is the administrative associate of the benjamin l. hooks institute a concentration in health services administration from the university of memphis in . she also received an associate of applied science degree from northwest mississippi community college. ardella was formerly an administrative assistant in the college of arts sciences at the university of memphis in memphis, tn. felecia malone graduate assistant felecia malone began working as a graduate assistant with the benjamin l. hooks institute degree with a concentration in epidemiology from the university of memphis in . she also holds a bachelor of science degree in biological sciences from clark atlanta jennifer amido graduate assistant jennifer began working as a graduate assistant with the benjamin l. hooks institute in august . jennifer is currently pursing her master's degree in public administration. jennifer is an mpa candidate of may . jennifer received a bachelors degree in international studies as well as in spanish from the university of memphis. eugene tee is a graduate assistant with the school of accountancy. he is assisting the benjamin l. hooks institute with accounting and financial statements for hours a week starting february . he is currently pursuing a master's degree in accounting and cpa certification. eugene is a msc candidate in . he received a bachelor of science degree in chemistry and biology from campbell university.
__label__non_math	0.9994	vol. 128 autozone blames slower sales on tax refund delay, winter weather by andy meek no company is completely immune to the effects of political squabbling in washington, the stakes of which have intensified lately for the average taxpayer. that includes even a company as seemingly unrelated to the political world as memphis-based autozone inc., the leading car parts retailer in the u.s. autozone ceo bill rhodes told analysts tuesday, feb. , the retailer was disappointed with its .percent drop in u.s. same-store sales for the second quarter, referencing a key metric in the retail sector. the same-store sales metric sets aside the opening and closing of new stores and looks at activity from stores open at least a year, which gives a better growth picture for a company. autozone executives discussed the quarter s results before the stock market opened tuesday. there was plenty to like in the results, including the company s 26th straight quarter of double-digit earnings per share growth. autozone reported a .percent climb in earnings per share, to .in the year-ago period. profit was up 176.million. and the company saw a .percent increase in net sales, hitting .billion for the second quarter. rhodes, meanwhile, attributed the drop in same-store sales in part to delayed tax refunds. that drop also was a big deal to dan wewer, an analyst covering autozone for raymond james associates inc. while the softer sales environment was somewhat anticipated given the lingering impact of warm weather a year ago, the company experienced a significant slowdown in the last two weeks of the quarter due to the delay in federal tax refunds, wewer said. taxpayers will get refunds later than usual this year partly as a result of national lawmakers who ve lurched from crisis to crisis as the two major political parties argue over spending and fiscal priorities, including earlier this year when they reached a last-minute deal to avoid another debt ceiling debacle. unfortunately, that keeps the irs guessing too long on what the rules of the road will be for tax purposes. that political wrangling meant the irs couldn t start processing any returns filed before jan. . along those same lines, but separate from the quarterly results presentation, autozone recently has pointed out to investors other ways the company believes decisions made in washington could potentially impact the company negatively. in the company s latest annual report, released in late , a summary of risk factors that could affect the company s business makes a reference to the affordable care act. while the significant costs of the recent healthcare legislation enacted will occur after due to provisions of the legislation being phased in over time, changes to our healthcare cost structure could have a significant negative impact on our business, the report reads. the indirect political impact, meanwhile, wasn t the only thing that made a dent in autozone s same-store sales for the just-ended quarter. the warmer-than-usual winter also didn t help, because it contributed to less wear on cars and thus kept consumers from visiting autozone stores as much to buy new parts. rhodes tried to reassure analysts of a couple of positive indicators: one, that except for the last two weeks of the quarter, sales were generally consistent with where the company thought they would be. and two, that next quarter should see sales get back to their historic trend. historically, we have seen our sales increase significantly during the final two weeks of our second quarter, rhodes said. however, this year our total domestic auto parts same store sales for the last two weeks declined by eight percent. our belief is the approximately two-week delay in processing of income tax returns this year was the key contributor to this decline in sales. our expectation is sales in the upcoming quarter should recover to more normalized sales volumes. also during the second quarter, autozone bought back 513,000 shares of its common stock for 603 million remaining under its current share repurchase authorization. the company also opened new stores in the u.s. during the quarter, as well as nine new stores in mexico. as of feb. , the company had ,735 stores in the u.s., 334 stores in mexico, and one store in brazil for a total store count of ,070.
__label__non_math	0.9998	vol. 128 owner files .million loan on multiple properties steele-guiltner inc. has filed a .million loan on the grimes tire pros businesses at lamar ave. and hacks cross road. the west memphis property owner filed the loan dec. through fidelity national bank, also of west memphis. the transaction included multiple tracts, with the main two parcels being lamar ave. in the defense depot s zip code and hacks cross road in southeast shelby county s zip code. built in , the ,200-square-foot auto service garage at lamar ave. sits on .acres along the west side of lamar, south of its intersection with airways boulevard. the shelby county assessor of property s appraisal was . built in , the ,200-square-foot auto service garage at hacks cross road sits on .acres along the west side of hacks cross, south of the tenn. 385 junction. the assessor s appraisal was . the small parcel at lamar ave. also was included in the deed. no building details are available on the assessor s website. marvin e. steele signed the trust deed as president of steele-guiltner inc., which also operates a grimes tire pros in west memphis. daily news staff terminix closes on six acquisitions terminix, a division of the servicemaster co., in december closed six asset acquisitions with a collective annualized revenue topping million, the memphis-based company reported tuesday. the acquisitions include: mccauley brothers termite and pest services operations in two california cities; pestmaster services corporate operations in six california cities and franchise operations in grover beach, calif.; bioguard pest control s operations in four u.s. cities; spring professional home services operations in davenport, iowa; and foothills pest control s operations in chandler, ariz. terminix, which is the world s largest pest-control provider, has more than million customers in states and countries. daily news staff southeastern forms new longleaf fund southeastern asset management has launched the longleaf partner global fund, a new fund that seeks long-term capital growth. the fund works to achieve its objective by investing largely in u.s. and non-u.s. companies believed to be significantly undervalued. it s not a diversified fund; it s generally invested in to companies. the fund also has an unconstrained portfolio, investing in companies of all market capitalizations without limit to geography. wharton to deliver state of the city friday memphis mayor a c wharton jr. will present his state of the city address friday, jan. , at a.m. at the memphis pink palace museum. the formal address is a tradition in which the mayor outlines his budget priorities and initiatives in general for the coming year. in recent years, mayors have made a set of state of the city speeches including appearances at the memphis rotary club and memphis kiwanis club. wharton spoke at the kiwanis club earlier this month. his remarks there included a call for a new look at the need for a new convention center. he also defended changes in the memphis police department s use of the blue crush program that targets police resources on crime hot spots based on crime statistics. wharton also speaks feb. at the rotary club on the state of the city. attorneys want changes to state conservatorship law the state lawyers group is recommending changes in state law governing conservatorships. courts can appoint conservators to handle affairs of people a judge deems incapable of making their own decisions. under a conservatorship, a person s right to make health care, financial and other personal decisions can be stripped away. the tennessean reported the tennessee bar association met during the weekend and approved recommendations to the legislature. among them is a provision for placing a person in a conservatorship on an emergency basis. the period of an emergency conservatorship would be no more than days and a hearing would be held within five days. the emergency plan is one of recommendations approved by the bar. the recommendations come after a series of hearings conducted by a panel of the bar association. at a sept. hearing in nashville, several people testified all of their assets disappeared after conservatorships were established for them. the bar group decided to make recommendations after the legislature considered a series of changes to the law last session. lawmakers passed two changes. one requires that a proposed conservator reveal whether he or she has a criminal record. the other requires disclosure of any relationship with the person being conserved. the associated press regions financial swings to gain in fourth quarter regions financial corp. swung to a gain in the fourth quarter after a year-ago period weighed down by the sale of an investment management subsidiary. the big regional bank, based in birmingham, ala., said tuesday that despite challenging economic headwinds, regions has increased loans to middle market companies and auto lending, launched new consumer products and invested aggressively in its mobile and online platforms. however, the bank earned less from interest on loans as its total loan book shrank a trend it blamed on consumers continuing to pay down old debt. regions net income was 602 million, or cents per share, in the same period a year earlier. adjusted to exclude goodwill impairment and costs related to the early termination of an investment, the bank said it earned cents per share. net interest income fell to 849 million in s fourth quarter. net interest income combines interest on loans that the bank collects and interest on deposits and debt that the bank pays out. it is a measure of the bank s ability to profit from its lending. noninterest income, which includes fees, insurance and gains on securities, rose to 507 million in the same period a year earlier. total revenue, which combines interest income and noninterest income, edged down to .billion a year ago. adjusted net income edged higher than wall street anticipated, while revenue was roughly in line. analysts surveyed by factset expected, on average, earnings of cents per share on revenue of .billion. the associated press
__label__non_math	1.0000	washington menl -- the united states has identified four lebanesenationals as money-launderers for the iranian-sponsored hizbullah. jerusalem menl -- hamas has again been foiled in a plot to abductisraelis. washington menl -- the united states, under pressure to stop presidentbashar assad, has imposed sanctions on a major syrian bank. jerusalem menl -- palestinian insurgency cells, believed receiving fundsfrom iran, have emerged throughout the west bank.
__label__non_math	0.9997	ankara menl -- turkey's military plans a major invasion of northern iraqto secure its interests amid any u.s.-led war against the regime ofpresident saddam hussein. tel aviv menl -- israel's military has been conducting a quiet debate overthe use of a second-strike nuclear capability against emerging nuclearpowers in the middle east. washington menl -- iraq's military, in contrast to u.s. intelligenceassessments, has remained intact and continues to battle allied forces. washington menl -- iraq has demonstrated increasing resistance against theadvance of allied forces toward baghdad.
__label__non_math	1.0000	mentor graphics presents the mythbusters at the design automation conference wilsonville, ore., mentor graphics corporation nasdaq: ment will present a special luncheon event, "busting the myths of verification" featuring the discovery channel's the mythbusters, at the design automation conference dac in san francisco, california. advanced registration is required due to limited capacity. register online at what: mentor graphics luncheon presentation, "busting the myths of verification." adam savage and jamie hyneman from the television program the mythbusters will join tom fitzpatrick, verification technologist of mentor s design verification and test division, to share their methodology for analyzing a myth and determining its plausibility - or busting it. when: tuesday, from noon until p.m. pst where: design automation conference dac at moscone center, room 102, san francisco, ca about mentor graphics mentor graphics corporation nasdaq: ment is a world leader in electronic hardware and software design solutions, providing products, consulting services and award-winning support for the world s most successful electronics and semiconductor companies. established in , the company reported revenues over the last months of over million and employs approximately ,000 people worldwide. corporate headquarters are located at s.w. boeckman road, wilsonville, oregon . world wide web site: mentor graphics is a registered trademark of mentor graphics corporation. all other company or product names are the registered trademarks or trademarks of their respective owners. for more information, please contact:
__label__non_math	0.9968	the hot news in mil aero this week centers on uvm, universal verification methodology uvm released yesterday by accellera. the electronics industry organization, which is focused on electronic design automation eda and intellectual property ip standards, has approved version .of its uvm standard for verifying integrated circuit ic designs. accellera s verification ip vip technical subcommittee tsc developed the standard, which is now available for download from the organization s web site at also offered for download are: the class reference manual, an open-source systemverilog base class library implementation, and a user guide. the uvm standard establishes a methodology to improve design and verification efficiency, verification data portability and tool, and vip interoperability, according to an accellera spokesperson. eda technology companies, including mentor graphics corp., support uvm; mentor graphics is an early supporter, in fact. also of note, accellera based the new uvm standard on open verification methodology ovm , which in was jointly developed by mentor graphics and cadence design systems. the same day accellera approved uvm ., mentor graphics announced comprehensive support for uvm across a broad range of its products, including: the questa advanced functional verification platform, questa mvc verification ip library, veloce emulation platform, and certe testbench studio tool. we see firsthand what a huge impact a comprehensive methodology can have to bring the verification effort under control, and to facilitate the horizontal and vertical reuse that users need to successfully verify socs, explains john lenyo, general manager, design verification technology division, mentor graphics. the release of uvm .is the culmination of countless man hours of discussion, debate, and idea sharing. congratulations to everyone involved. indeed, congratulations on the new standard. the electronics industry is buzzing about uvm, and this geek is anxious to witness its impact on the mil aero market.
__label__non_math	0.5475	world leader in electronics cooling hardware and software mentor graphics is the clear market and technology leader of thermal analysis software for the electronics industry. it has led the market with thermal simulation and analysis solutions for over a decade and has developed the largest installed base of any thermal design tool provider. using mentor graphics computational fluid dynamics cfd software, engineers can efficiently predict airflow and heat transfer in and around electronic devices, which run at faster speeds and dissipate more power with every new generation. one of the primary issues with electronics cooling is airflow optimization how to ensure the devices receive the right amount of natural or forced ventilation delivered and in the most effective way possible. cfd can help you to not only visualize the flow but also optimize it. more package thermal design and characterization thermal management is a vital aspect of package design. mentor graphics thermal design software ensures correct package performance, confirmed by measurement hardware that characterizes active die across all package families including system-in-package, stacked-die and mcms. more pcb thermal design power consumption at board-level is increasing, forcing the use of heatsinks. however, heatsinks added in late design can have a disastrous effect on downstream components in the wake of the heatsink; thus resulting in multiple board respins. reduce pcb respin by using thermal design software. more package junction and case temperature prediction accurate temperature prediction is essential to meet internal design rules yet avoid costly overdesign. vendors specify maximum temperature limits, making accurate prediction essential for warranty compliance. more heatsink selection and design the performance, reliability and life expectancy of electronic equipment are all strongly influenced by component temperature. design the best heatsink solution to enhance heat dissipation from your hottest components with the help of thermal simulation. more using guesstimates to choose suitable fans may result in over-engineering or worse yet in selecting a fan which doesn t provide enough cooling air. select the best fan for the job by understanding which fan best matches your system pressure drop curve. more electronics cooling tools flotherm is a powerful 3d computational fluid dynamics software that predicts airflow and heat transfer in and around electronic equipment, including the coupled effects of conduction, convection and radiation. flotherm xt is an industry unique thermal simulation solution designed to be used during all stages of the electronics design process from conceptual design to manufacturing, improving product quality, reliability and time-to-market. flotherm pcb is a radical new collaboration tool for product marketing, electrical and mechanical engineers that accelerates the conceptual thermal design of printed-circuit boards. flotherm pack automates the creation of simulation-based semiconductor packages, thermal characterization, and the key tasks in semiconductor package design. flotherm ic is a web-based tool from mentor graphics that incorporates a high level of automation for key tasks related to semiconductor thermal characterization and design. award winning floefd. embedded into major mcad systems, floefd is a full-featured 3d fluid flow and heat transfer analysis simulation tool to help design engineers optimize product design and speed up their workflow. better products, faster. flovent is a powerful computational fluid dynamics cfd software that predicts 3d airflow, heat transfer, contamination distribution and comfort indices in and around buildings of all types and sizes. micred s flagship product, t3ster , is an advanced transient temperature measurement system which enables rapid and extremely accurate thermal characterization of semiconductor device packages or even complete electronic systems. a scalable solution, it offers the best price performance ratio in the market. t3ster teraled is a specialist solution for obtaining highly accurate measurements for power leds. it offers combined thermal and radiometric photometric characterization of high-power leds, either in combination with t3ster or as a stand-alone system.
__label__non_math	0.9997	no upcoming classes found. search our full course catalog these classes can be scheduled at your convenience, upon request, at a mentor training center or your company site. we can also customize a course to fit your needs. review courses and descriptions for all available mentor training options. if scheduled classes don't meet your needs, let us know how we can help. request a class mentor graphics education services -800-345- email us view all products -800-547- mentor graphics, .
__label__non_math	0.9997	a moment of random violence erupts in an ordinary los angeles diner. the survivors find that the meanings of their lives have changed. no matter how much their families and friends attempt to understand, these individuals must follow their own paths to recovery seeking to regain trust in a world that now seems chaotic. a story of tragedy and hope for our times, winged creatures is a powerful ensemble drama that explores the notion that our lives are fleeting, like birds in flight, like winged creatures. cast: josh hutcherson, dakota fanning, guy pearce, forest whitaker, kate beckinsale produced by: robert salerno directed by: rowan woods written by: rowan woods, roy freirich running time: 1hr 40min opens: ny
__label__non_math	0.9977	the following information was extracted from the publication "threatened" produced by bnz in cooperation with the department of conservation and royal forest and bird protection society. the predation threat in , a dog was on the loose in waitangi state forest in the bay of islands. for six weeks it rampaged through the forest killing every kiwi it encountered. by the time the dog was found, perhaps as many as 500 of the kiwi living there had been slaughtered. this carnage at waitangi illustrates just how vulnerable the kiwi is to predators and the speed at which seemingly healthy populations can fail. other predators introduced to new zealand by humans may cause similar havoc. the main threat to the kiwi is posed by: possums, stoats, ferrets, and feral wild cats who steal eggs and kill young. larger predators include pigs and dogs. young kiwi leave the nest at just three weeks of age, weighing only 200g. small and slow, they are easy prey. very few survive this precarious journey from birth to months, when they reach the critical size that enables them to stand up to most predators. humans, primarily through destroying forests and introducing predators in the first place, pose the single greatest threat to the kiwi. ironically, we are also their greatest hope. the kiwi is a one-off evolutionary design, holding all sorts of biological records. new zealand's ancient isolation and lack of mammals allowed it to occupy a habitat and lifestyle that everywhere else in the world would be occupied by a mammal. whereas birds traditionally depend on sight, the kiwi is one of the few birds with a highly developed sense of smell. you can sometimes hear them sniffing around in the dark. alarm them during the day and they will run off. then, at a distance, just like a wolf or other mammal, they'll stick their bill nose in the air, sniffing to see if they are safe from pursuit. other reasons the kiwi could pass for a mammal is its loose, hair-like feathers, its long whiskers, the fact it can't fly and that it burrows in the ground. other kiwi curiosities include: being the only known bird to have external nostrils at the end of its bill. it literally sniffs out its food a bill-length below the surface. it's huge eggs. the kiwi has one of the largest egg-to-body weight ratio of any bird. the mature egg averages of the female's body weight. compare that to for an ostrich being the smallest living member of the ratite family which includes ostriches and emus . they live in pairs as monogamous couples for most, if not all of their lives. sex role reversal: the female is bigger and dominates the male. in some varieties, the male does most of the incubating of the eggs. the eggs take an exceedingly long time to hatch up to days. kiwi tend to live in pairs, forming monogamous couples. these bonds are generally till death and have been known to last over years. about every third day, the pair will shelter in the same burrow together. the relationship tends to be quite volatile and physical, the female generally calling the shots over her smaller partner. during the night, as they are out foraging for food or patrolling their territory, they will perform duets, calling to each other. the female has a lower hoarser call than the male. from the outside, it doesn't appear that kiwi domestic life is bliss. but the bond is long-lasting. there are few surprises in the kiwi diet. it's mostly earthworms, spiders, fallen fruits and seeds, larvae of beetles and cicada and a mixture of forest invertebrates. but they will also take large food items like freshwater crays and even frogs. in captivity, kiwi have fished eels out of a pond, subdued them with a few thuds and eaten them. kiwi are extremely territorial birds, they protect their patch which can be as much as hectares by calling or, if that fails, by chasing the intruder kiwi and giving it a good booting over. very occasionally, kiwi kill each other fighting for territory. acutely aware of neighbours, they will often engage in calling duels. if a bird is intruding into another's space, it will rush back at full speed into its own space before returning a neighbour's call. a gathering of kiwi is a rarity. however, on stewart island, they do live in small, mixed aged family groupings. kiwi nests, er, burrows kiwi are burrowers. they may quickly clear a burrow at the end of a night's work, crash there during the day and then move on to a new burrow the next day. great spotted kiwi prefer dens. unlike the little spotted kiwi and the brown kiwi, who tends towards simple one-entrance burrows, the great spotted will put the time and effort into constructing a labyrinth of tunnels several metres long with more than one exit. common kiwi myths kiwi experts are keen to dispel myths surrounding the kiwi particularly that they are half-blind and bumbling. here are a few common ones: myth: "kiwi fight with their beaks." to use their beaks to fight would be like head-butting someone with your nose. at the end of the beak are the kiwi's external nostrils. finely tuned and capable of detecting a few parts per million of scent, the beak, when probing the ground, can detect worms and other food. myth: "kiwi are cute, gentle little creatures." they are actually super-strong and often extremely bad tempered. the adults can look after themselves using their razor sharp claws as weapons. a couple of slashes can quickly draw blood as conservationists have often found when putting their hands down kiwi burrows. because they are so aggressive, doc staff can attract them simply by imitating their call. incensed that another kiwi is on their turf, the response is instant and dramatic: "it's amazing to hear them coming to kick the intruder out. they sound like a deer charging, almost exploding, through the dark. standing there, it's quite intimidating. i guess it's part of the threat display." "pete" is a great spotted kiwi in west northland. "we've just got to walk into his territory and he comes catapulting in for a hit-and-run. he belts you in the leg and then runs off into the undergrowth. i think he views us as super-big kiwi. he's probably given some trampers a helluva scare." myth: "kiwi are a bit thick." according to conservation officers who know them best, they are capable of learning quickly and altering behaviour in the light of experience. myth: "kiwi move slowly." superbly adapted to their natural habitat, the kiwi is extremely agile and quick moving. a kiwi can cover his territory possibly the size of football fields in a night. this might take in three valley streams and all sorts of obstacles. myth: "kiwi and half-blind." the notion of their being half-blind probably stems from their being nocturnal and having small eyes. in fact, as conservation officers can testify, if you chase them at night, they can run very fast, swerving around trees and expertly navigating the undergrowth. similarly, they are unfazed by daylight. kiwi culture -- from a maori perspective the maori people have a very personal interest in seeing the kiwi survive and flourish. according to many maori traditions, the kiwi is the oldest of all tanemahuta's bird family. it was tane, the god of the forest who, with different wives, created much of the natural world, including birds, trees, stones and humans. for maori, kiwi are, in effect, our elder siblings. and, like a good older brother or sister, they are very protective of us. that's partly why they patrol the forests nightly. kiwi -- six unique varieties there are six identified varieties of kiwi. the little spotted kiwi the smallest about the size of a bantam and most endangered species, the "little spots" have a very mellow, often docile nature. they have suffered terrible that the hands of possums, stoats, cats and larger predators. now extinct on mainland new zealand, the largest remaining population is on kapiti island where birds occupy some ha of mixed forest, scrub and grassland. sensitive management by doc and the maori trustees of private land on kapiti are ensuring that cats, dogs and other kiwi predators don't reach the island. the great spotted kiwi the rugged mountaineer of the kiwi found primarily in the high, often harsh hill country the great spotted has forged a strange deal with evolution. the same harsh environment that makes it struggle from one day to the next also makes it tough going for the pigs, dogs and stoats that would otherwise be keen to pursue it. big bold and handsome, it is found only in the south island, mainly in north west nelson, central westland and eastern canterbury. the north island brown kiwi bug noses and short tempers is one way to sum up the brown kiwi. they are little toughies ... and have to be to survive against humans, introduced predators and the natural challenges of their often harsh bush existence. the north island brown kiwi is found only in the upper two-thirds of the north island. they are widespread in northland in a diverse range of vegetation types including exotic forests and rough farm land. okarito brown kiwi in one sense, the new kid on the block. it was only in that the okarito brown, living in lowland forest just north of franz josef was identified as a distinct variety of kiwi. tell-tale signs are its slightly greyish plumage sometimes accompanied by white facial feathers. squat and round and bigger than their northern brown kiwi cousins, they can grow to almost the same size as great spotted kiwi. the southern tokoeka are found in fiordland and on stewart island. they are the most communal of the somewhat reclusive kiwi. the haast tokoeka, found in the rugged mountains behind haast, was also identified as a distant variety of kiwi in . they spend their summers in the high sub alpine tussock grasslands but probably retreat to the lowland forests in winter. kiwi sightings -- where you can see kiwi few of us get the chance to see a kiwi in the wild but brown kiwi can be seen at the following places:
__label__non_math	0.9999	visit the mercury marine warranty page for details regarding our best-in-the-business warranty coverage. all mercruiser horizon inboards come with a standard -year limited corrosion warranty as well as a standard -year limited factory-backed warranty - which includes a fourth year if your boat builder has participated in the mercruiser installation quality certification program. need more assurance? nobody has more factory-trained service dealers than mercruiser, so if you ever have an issue or need to talk to an expert, there's bound to be one close by. mercruiser stands behind its state-of-the-art seacore system with a -year factory limited warranty and a -year limited warranty against corrosion failure. mercruiser offers such a rock solid warranty because seacore is proven technology - the toughest saltwater protection system on the planet.
__label__non_math	0.9999	the urgency for a dramatic increase in international relief funds for syria seeking total pledges of .billion will be the central message wednesday in kuwait from u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon and other leaders such as jordan's king abdullah ii, whose nation is struggling with more than 320,000 refugees and more arriving every day. the meeting also seeks to reorient some of the political calculations among western nations and allies supporting the syrian rebels. with the civil war nearing its two-year mark and no end in sight, u.n. officials and others are pressing governments to recognize the potential long-term humanitarian burdens and spread resources and support to both the syrian opposition and the millions of people caught in the conflict. "the crisis is not easing on any front," said jens laerke, a spokesman for the u.n. office in charge of coordinating humanitarian affairs. "it's relentless." the venue in kuwait also highlights the increasingly high-profile role of persian gulf nations in syria's civil war. the gulf states, led by qatar and saudi arabia, have been key backers of the political opposition against assad and have urged for stepped up arms shipments to rebel fighters a call that has met resistance from the u.s. and western allies fearing that heavy weapons could reach islamist militant factions that have joined the rebellion. now, the wealthy gulf nations may come under direct calls to significantly boost contributions for u.n.-led humanitarian efforts in addition to their own pledges, including million from the united arab emirates this month for the refugees in jordan. representatives from more than nations are expected at the one-day conference, possibly including envoys from assad's main allies iran and russia. they are unlikely to be put under specific diplomatic pressures, but could face uncomfortable descriptions of civilian deaths in a nearly -year-old civil war that the u.n. says has claimed more than ,000 lives. last week at the world economic forum in davos, switzerland, turkey's foreign minister ahmet davutoglu said syria's bombardment of citizens should be declared a war crime and aid groups must be given greater access to help displaced or suffering people inside the country. relief groups, however, have struggled in syria because of shifting front lines and risks of kidnapping or convoys commandeered. the u.n. also has pulled back some staff in damascus as fighting intensified in the capital. also in davos, the u.n.'s humanitarian chief, valerie amos, called the syrian humanitarian situation "already catastrophic." "what we are seeing now are the consequences of the failure of the international community to unite to resolve the crisis," she said before heading to damascus for a two-day visit that included talks with syrian officials. while the kuwait meeting is certain to showcase the strong international coalition against assad's regime, it also will underscore the shortfall in nailing down funds for humanitarian relief. laerke said the u.n. has in hand less than percent of billion more in emergency money is now needed for the refugee influx into neighboring nations. u.n. officials say more than ,000 syrian refugees have arrived at jordan's sole refugee camp in just the past week. "this is the just the six-month price tag," he said. "this just gets us through the middle of year." on the eve of the kuwait meeting, president barack obama authorized an additional million in humanitarian aid for the syrian people as his administration grapples for a way to stem the violence there without direct u.s. military involvement. the fresh funding brings the total u.s. humanitarian aid to syria over two years to million, according to the white house. officials said the money was being used to immunize one million syrian children, purchase winter supplies for a half million people, and to help alleviate food shortages. "the relief we send doesn't say 'made in america,' but make no mistake our aid reflects the commitment of the american people," obama said in a video announcing the addition funding, which was posted on the white house website. the european union also promised another 100 million euros million for syrian relief aid, said the eu humanitarian aid commissioner, kristalina georgieva, in brussels. "they seem to be taking the appeals more seriously now when the conflict appears to be taking the shape of a crisis that will last for some time," said ayham kamel, a middle east analyst at the eurasia group in london. "most expected the assad regime would be toppled by now, ending the crisis. in reality, however, the assad regime is still there and the international community has no alternative but to face the crisis and managing refugees costs money." the u.n. estimates more than 700,000 syrian refugees have fled to surrounding countries mostly jordan and turkey, but others to lebanon and smaller numbers to iraq. at least million people inside syria have been uprooted or face shortages of food or medicine. laerke said the refugee figures could push toward million later this year if the current exodus remains. that could reach about half the refugee figure for iraq in the years after the u.s.-led invasion. amos, the u.n. humanitarian chief, said she hoped the kuwait conference will bring "a wider range" aid donors than previous appeals that brought mostly western pledges. she also is likely to stress the desperation of many in the cold months. in beirut on monday, she described visiting a shelter in damascus where many children were sick or had respiratory problems because of lack of heating fuel. "it is so cold right now, health care is really important," she said. in jordan, about two dozen refugees moved into a school built by aid funds from bahrain after their tents in the main camp were blown over by wind or flooded. the school is set to reopen next week. "they haven't given us heaters, tents or trailers," said abu mohamed, a -year-old businessman who fled damascus with his family. "rain is forecast again. doctors tell us at the camp hospital that our children are sick from the cold." associated press writers dale gavlak in zaatari, jordan; raf casert in brussels, and barbara surk and bassem mroue in beirut contributed to this report
__label__non_math	0.9999	washington -- senate republicans on thursday stalled the nomination of former gop senator chuck hagel as the nation's next defense secretary over unrelated questions about president barack obama's actions in the aftermath of the deadly raid on the u.s. diplomatic mission in libya. democrats called the vote "tragic" and vowed to revive the nomination after congress' weeklong break. by -, with one abstention, the senate fell short of the -vote threshold required to advance hagel's nomination to a final, up-or-down vote on his confirmation. four republicans voted with democrats to end the debate and proceed to a final vote: sens. thad cochran of mississippi, lisa murkowski of alaska, susan collins of maine and mike johanns of nebraska. obama reacted immediately, accusing republicans of playing politics with the nation at war. at the last minute, senate majority leader harry reid, d-nev., switched his vote from yes to no, a procedural move that allows him to revive the nomination after the break. he set the vote for feb. . "just when you thought things couldn't get worse, it gets worse," the democratic leader lamented of the chamber's bitter partisanship. the successful republican effort to block a vote on hagel leaves one of the most contentious nominations of the obama presidency in limbo, although the white house expressed confidence that the former republican senator would eventually win senate confirmation. republicans had been blocking the confirmation of their former colleague and vietnam veteran until they received information from the white house on when obama contacted libyan officials after the attack on the u.s. mission in benghazi last september in which ambassador chris stevens and three other americans were killed. the white house responded to that request earlier thursday, saying obama spoke with libyans a day after the attack. sen. john mccain of arizona led the opposition to hagel's confirmation, but he said he would not object to the test vote, called cloture. the white house responded to questions about benghazi by saying former secretary of state hillary clinton called libyan president mohamed magariaf on obama's behalf on sept. , the day of the attack, to coordinate additional support to protect americans in libya. white house counsel kathryn ruemmler said obama spoke to magariaf on the evening of sept. . the obama administration also had disclosed the calls at the time they were made. a white house official said thursday that if there had been a need to push the libyans to do something, obama would have called, but the official said the libyans were trying to do the right thing and were being as helpful as possible. moreover, the official, discussing internal communications only on the condition of anonymity, said the earlier call with clinton had gone well. reid said it was "shocking" and "tragic" that the gop would attempt to block hagel's nomination at a time when the u.s. military is engaged in so many places around the world. "not a single nominee for secretary of defense ever in the history of our country has been filibustered," he said in a speech on the senate floor. a full senate vote on hagel, a former two-term republican senator from nebraska and twice-wounded vietnam veteran, had been expected friday after reid filed a motion to limit debate. while democrats hold a -edge in the senate and have the numbers to confirm hagel on a majority vote, they needed the support of five republicans to clear the way for a majority vote. in the end, they only got four. sen. lindsey graham, r-s.c., had said wednesday he would vote against ending debate on hagel's nomination. "there seems to not be much interest to hold this president accountable for a national security breakdown that led to the first ambassador being killed in the line of duty in over years," graham said. "no, the debate on chuck hagel is not over. it has not been serious. we don't have the information we need. and i'm going to fight the idea of jamming somebody through until we get answers about what the president did personally when it came to the benghazi debacle." the nomination of john brennan as cia director is also being delayed; the senate intelligence committee is pushing off a vote amid demands that the white house turn over more details about drone strikes against terror suspects and about the benghazi attacks. intelligence committee chairwoman dianne feinstein of california said a vote likely will be postponed till late february. a bitterly divided armed services committee on tuesday voted to approve hagel by a -vote, with all the panel's democrats backing him. the committee's republicans were unified in opposition to their onetime colleague, who will succeed defense secretary leon panetta if he's confirmed. obama "stands strongly" behind hagel and believes he "will do a wonderful job," white house spokesman josh earnest said aboard air force one en route to decatur, ga., where the president traveled thursday to speak about early childhood education. if ultimately confirmed by the senate, hagel, , would take charge of the u.s. armed forces at a time of turmoil. automatic cuts to the pentagon's budget are looming, american troops in afghanistan are being halved over the next year, north korea has tested a nuclear weapon, iran remains a threat in the persian gulf region, and syria, iraq, libya, egypt, mali and tunisia all are in a state of unrest. at a pentagon award ceremony on thursday for clinton, panetta said it was fitting to recognize her accomplishments as secretary of state on valentine's day. and he said the second-best valentine's day present would be for the senate to confirm hagel and allow panetta and his wife to "get the hell out of town." he said he's got his belongings packed. hagel has faced intense opposition from republicans, who have challenged his past statements and votes on israel, iran, iraq and nuclear weapons. and they accused democrats of setting up a test vote thursday that they knew would fail so the president's allies could paint republicans as obstructionists during the presidents day break. "we could have worked this out," said republican sen. john cornyn of texas. associated press writers alan fram, donna cassata and jim kuhnhenn contributed to this report.
__label__non_math	0.9999	oakland -- andre ward of oakland is close to targeting a date to return to boxing because his recovery from shoulder surgery is ahead of schedule, the super middleweight champion said tuesday. "weekly i'm getting better in terms of range of motion and strength," he said. "i'm encouraged. i'm past the part of feeling down." ward -, kos tore his right shoulder joint in november while training for a jan. title defense against kelly pavlik. at first the fight was postponed until march as physicians recommended rest and physical therapy. but when the shoulder didn't respond the olympic champion underwent surgery. he was expected to miss four months to six months while recovering. "i know that my shoulder is going to be a lot better," said ward, . "when you are put on the shelf against your will it makes you hungrier." ward's goal is to fight twice this year instead of the three bouts he had planned before the injury. "i'm not that fragile," he said. "we are starting to kick some time frames around" when to return. "there is no reason anything should go wrong." but ward also knows what matters most is getting into the ring. "i can show you guys better than i can tell you," he said. contact elliott almond at 408-920- and follow him on twitter at twitter.com elliottalmond.
__label__non_math	1.0000	teaching the next generation and keeping them healthy are essential to tomorrow's strong, vibrant societies. mercy corps works with communities to shelter and nurture children and youth through innovative education, sports and job training programs. through the power of sports, community service and vocational training, we empower young people to make smart life choices and find a productive place in the changing global economy. our signature comfort for kids program focuses on helping children process trauma after natural disasters and conflict. see our expert's recommendations for how parents and caregivers can help children through times of crisis all stories about children youth united states: lemon aid" for mercy corps the sound of young voices calling lemonade for sale, is frequent on my summertime bike rides home from work. yesterday, i was surprised to hear lemonade for sale, benefit for mercy corps. vote now to help bring healthier food to children over the past several months, we've posted many articles about our kedai balitaku my child's caf program to help bring healthy food to indonesia children. you may have read about it and now's your chance to help us do more with the program indonesia: "is it healthy food or not?" why, lately, has my child been commenting on the food that i cook, asking if is it healthy food or not? was a mother's question. yulaita, the principal of aisyiyah suka ramai kindergarten in aceh recalls hearing the question she's also been hearing similar question from her child. chile's first comfort for kids programs hold closing ceremony united states: mercy corps action center aims to educate portland's local fox affiliate, kptv, toured the mercy corps action center and spoke with executive director julie mancini about our efforts to connect local youth with global issues. west bank and gaza: video: for the children of gaza since february , immediately after operation cast lead, mercy corps in gaza has been implementing a comprehensive psychosocial program funded by the uk s department for international development dfid . haiti: a youthful vision for a new haiti harnessing the energy of young people is instrumental in rebuilding a stronger haiti. our youth programs put that belief into action by addressing young people s unique psychosocial needs and investing in their development. west bank and gaza: 'i wish i was like the rest of the children in the world' roba wants to be an english teacher. soad a lawyer. abeer a psychological therapist, and monzer a doctor. hala has not yet decided what she wants to do in the future, but for now is determined to achieve the highest scores in school. haiti: h is for haiti central african republic: from our photo library a couple of years ago, someone mentioned that i should look at the photography of mercy corps staffer, jenny bussey vaughan. at the time she was working in central african republic. the disc of images i received was filled with excellent work.
__label__non_math	0.9855	construction of the sanctum sanctorum sreekovil of sri guruvayurappan sri krishna temple in houston in the us will be launched on february after elaborate two-day ceremonies and ancient rituals. kerala hindu society, a non-profit organization established in but whose history goes back to , has acquired .acres for this project and architect kanippayyur krishnan nampoothiripad is reportedly associated with it. dr. c.v. sathees, sasidharan nair, sri prasad m kuberan nambuthiri and brahmasree kariyannur divakaran nambuthiri are president, board of trustees chairman, priest and thantri respectively. the artisans will place the first granite component at the center of the basement at the auspicious muhurtham between to on february to formally launch the sanctum sanctorum construction. intricate granite components to be used in the construction of this temple with unique architectural features were carved in the quarries in kerala. maha mrityunjaya homam, various shudhis, deeparadhana, ganapathi homam, kalasaabhishekam, paduka sthapanam, vilakku pooja, etc., will form part of the ceremonies. currently the temple, which opens at six am every day, follows stringent tantric worship traditions, offers various religious services including nirmala puja cost and vahana pooja vehicle worship and organizes malayalam and religious classes, reports suggest. guruvayur devaswom, abode of lord sree guruvayoorappan at bhoolokavaikundam, about kilometers from thrissur kerala , is a well known pilgrimage site in india, where the presiding deity is mahavishnu. according to the legends, the idol worshipped here is more than years old. guruvayur is a form of krishna. another million guruvayurappan temple was also announced in brampton ontario, canada . incorporated in , houston, which houses nasa johnson space center, is the fourth-largest city of usa. annise d. parker is the mayor. hindu statesman rajan zed, applauded efforts of temple-project leaders and houston area community to realize this wonderful hindu temple and community center. zed, who is president of universal society of hinduism, further said that it was important to pass on hindu spirituality, concepts and traditions to coming generations amidst so many distractions in the consumerist society and hoped that this temple complex would focus in this direction. zed stressed that instead of running after materialism; we should focus on inner search and realization of self and work towards achieving moksh liberation , which was the goal of hinduism.
__label__non_math	0.9999	the civics merit badge was one of the original merit badges issued by the boy scouts of america in . civics is a discontinued merit badge. it was one of the original merit badges, but was renamed citizenship by the revision to the boy scout handbook. that badge was then replaced by citizenship in the nation in in and citizenship in the community and citizenship in the home in later renamed as the family life merit badge . at the same time, the world brotherhood merit badge was introduced, and these four badges constituted the "citizenship group" of merit badges, any two of which were required for eagle. in , the citizenship in the world merit badge replaced world brotherhood. civics requirements at inception - state the principal citizenship requirements of an elector in his state. - know the principal features of the naturalization laws of the united states. - know how president, vice-president, senators, and congressmen of the united states are elected and their terms of office. - know the number of judges of the supreme court of the united states, how appointed, and their term of office. - know the various administrative departments of government, as represented in the president's cabinet. - know how the governor, lieutenant-governor, senators, representatives, or assemblymen of his state are elected, and their terms of office. - know whether the judges of the principal courts in his state are appointed or elected, and the length of their terms. - know how the principal officers in his town or city are elected and for what terms. - know the duties of the various city departments, such as fire, police, board of health, etc. - draw a map of the town or city in which he lives, giving location of the principal public buildings and points of special interest. - give satisfactory evidence that he is familiar with the provisions and history of the declaration of independence, and the constitution of the united states. boy scout handbook, edition the text of these requirements is locked and can only be edited by an administrator. please note any errors found in the above requirements on this article's talk page.
__label__non_math	0.9999	in july , pakistan suffered the worst flooding in the country s history. as heavy monsoon rains fell, over ,000 people were killed and another million people directly affected, with .million homes damaged or destroyed. merlin's work in pakistan has saved countless lives since the flooding in july . murad ali khan is a merlin health co-ordinator. he tells us about life in swat, pakistan. the sindh area of pakistan has been hit by severe flooding for the second year running. one year after the monsoon flooding that devastated pakistan in july , merlin is still working tirelessly to meet the many health challenges faced by the pakistani people. merlin has worked in pakistan since , so was ideally placed to respond rapidly and effectively to outbreaks of waterborne disease in the areas of pakistan hardest hit by the flooding in july last year. a year since the most devastating floods in pakistan's history, thousands of people are still struggling to rebuild their lives and malnutrition rates remain critical. two years since severe flooding devastated pakistan, people are struggling to rebuild their lives and health care is scarce. last year s floods were a human tragedy on a vast scale. disease outbreaks, malnutrition and lack of shelter led to serious health problems, requiring urgent action. more than a million homes were destroyed, people lost their lives and vital fields and livestock were swept away.
__label__non_math	0.9991	certificates of deposit features and benefits our time deposits allow you to invest funds for a specific period of time to fit your specific needs. maturities range from days to years. we offer competitive interest rates to provide you with the opportunity to maximize the return on your investment. many investors find our cds to be a reliable long-term savings option. with our fixed rates, you can enjoy predictable interest earnings. our cds are automatically renewed for your convenience, unless otherwise requested. the cd interest earned is either credited and compounded monthly, or sent to you in the form of a monthly interest check. our cds are fdic insured to the maximum amount allowed by law, so you can invest with confidence. our minimum deposit requirement for a cd is ,000.. for further information and to obtain our current rates, call -800-328-. penalty for early withdrawal a penalty will be imposed for early withdrawals. merrick bank recognizes the sensitive nature of the financial and personal information you provide to us. we take every precaution to ensure your privacy. when you entrust us with your financial information, you can be certain we will use it only in an appropriate manner. please see our complete beginning merrick bank will no longer participate in the fdic s transaction account guarantee program. thus, after , funds held in noninterest-bearing transaction accounts will no longer be guaranteed in full under the transaction account guarantee program, but will be insured up to under the fdic s general deposit insurance rules. certificates of deposit terms and conditions.
__label__non_math	1.0000	welcome to the artscroll library mesorah publications, ltd. in keeping with commandment "remember the sabbath day to keep it holy", this site rests on the the sabbath and does not perform e-commerce. we are sorry about any inconvenience this may cause, but artscroll mesorah's mission has always been to preserve our tradition and to educate the jewish people of their beautiful heritage. because of this holy mission and in keeping with the living spirit of the torah, we have respectfully closed this site on our eternal day of rest. please visit us again as of saturday night, new york city time .
__label__non_math	0.9996	description: academy award nominee gus van sant directs academy award winner sean penn as gay-rights icon harvey milk. mr. milk was an activist and politician, and the first openly gay man to be elected to public office in america; in , he was voted to the city supervisors' board of san francisco. the following year, both he and the city's mayor george moscone were shot to death by another city supervisor, dan white. mr. milk was previously the subject of the academy award-winning documentary feature the times of harvey milk, but milk is the first non-documentary feature to explore the man's life and career. milk is being filmed on location in san francisco.
__label__math	0.8029	the internet galaxy this is a map of the 350,000 largest sites on the web posted by firstmatekate comments total users marked this as a favorite ,"... a project of russian coder ruslan enikeev, with help from the google maps api and russian creative agency positive communications. the bigger the traffic, the larger the bubble. the data comes from the web-tracking firm alexa, circa the end of . the color corresponds to the country of origin: light blue for america, dark blue for germany, red for russia, yellow for china, and so on. enikeev even used a dynamic physics model to determine the position of each site, plotting traffic between sites as attractive forces and letting the bubbles sort themselves into groups." , which also links to a more in-depth and in russian description of the process
__label__non_math	0.9995	with death angel cauldron live london islington academy 18th may reviewer: steve sedit photography: james g on arrival at the o2 islington academy, the queue outside was filling up pretty quick and looked busy as the opening time was drawing closer. cauldron being the very first band on stage, were firing out the s sound of thrash metal and getting people into the atmosphere that you need to kick a good night off. with songs axe cross and torture s too kind they proved that they are a band to be reckoned with and can open for big bands in big venues. the second band on were death angel who made you forget this was even a weekday, with their great energy and enthusiasm on stage. starting the night off with a song that has the calm before the thrash metal storm known as lord or hate they couldn t of started with a better song to get the crowed straight into a sea of windmills. after a nice speech by vocalist mark osegueda on the death of ronnie dio and a few shots going around, he introduced the band then they started dethroned . the stage was filled with smoke and mark then got his hair caught up in ted aguilar s guitar while throwing his dreads around the stage to the amusement of everyone, but this did not stop ted playing an amazing solo. death angel finished the night off with river of rapture and with an atmosphere that only few bands can achieve. in all for all the people that missed death angel due to it being on a tuesday night should be kicking themselves, as i have not seen them play this good in a few years and it was well worth seeing. finally the headlining band were due to come on stage. i was not expecting nevermore to start the night off with beyond within but it worked by now the venue was full and the crowd was going wild when jeff loomis played his solo for the people towards the two circle pits that were making the venue shake. just before they played emptiness unobstructed , warrel dane announced that this was being filmed for their new dvd so this started a wave of people jumping around and going crazy. during this song i did notice that the mic kept cutting out, but never the less a great performance with some of the best guitar riffs of the night. nevermore finished the night with the heart collector , a song that makes everyone link arms and sing to take the roof off the building. just before the drums set the song off warrel dane stated that this song makes even the biggest deicide fans cry, then gave one of his grins before the drums started. after the song finished nevermore said their goodbyes and then went off stage, but the crowd awaited their encore. when returning to the stage, the applause was massive and even i started running around and swinging my hair in people s faces nevermore helped kick off an amazing start to the week and are an amazing band to see live
__label__non_math	0.9991	interview and pictures by marko syrjala anvil is a canadian heavy metal band formed originally in toronto in mid s. anvil s debut album hard n heavy was released in followed by classic metal on metal in which is their most successful album to date. they have released fourteen studio albums, including the latest juggernaut of justice . although anvil was never a big commercial success they have been cited as having influenced many notable heavy metal groups like metallica and anthrax. in anvil was the subject of documentary film anvil juggernaut of justice i just bought this new anvil album juggernaut of justice and it s a great one. if you ask me it s much better than this is thirteen, do you agree with that? we agree too. everybody agrees. it s obvious. we re just taking it to the next level. why not? and the frame of mind that we ran in creating it was much better than it was earlier. i mean obviously with this is thirteen we were really trying but there was no real success. we were still really hacking on it. but once the movie gave us that kind of success we were like, well it s right now. okay, now we can really write. it kind of sparked us right up, you know? i would also say that the producer bob marlette did a great job with the album. i mean it does sound that did bring a lot of fresh elements to the whole thing? yeah, he was great to the whole character of the sound and everything. working with it, you know, also a great thing that he did for me vocally was to make sure that the rhythmical counter rhythm of the vocals was really, really worked well with the music. so you take out ends and bugs and you make everything fit. so it fits perfect. not that it s pushed inward on a weird and not the same note or your range and just make sure that it s really i would say that s new. i mean it sounds more like natural in a way. this is thirteen, it was kind of pushed in some places i would say and somehow the album does sound better in very level. right and the vocals the vocals are very smooth. yeah, the vocals are smoothed out. they even got these screeching notes that do you know what i mean and the way that the words all fall on music there s not like a weird jump or weirdness in any way that it s just really smooth and it all works. probably it brought a lot of freshness to the whole production. that s the root of it. that s all. and we needed that. so do you have plans to work with marlette again in the future? we hope so? he wants to. he would. i mean that s an important thing. it s one thing to want to work with somebody, but they have to want to work with you. and this producer is a big time producer. so it s not like you pick and choose that stuff. you do, but you don t because, you know, you can approach one of these producers and they would go, no, i m not interested. and we got very fortunate. our manager asked him if he wanted to work with the band and he went, well. and then his wife got into it. you got to go work with them. you got to see their movie and he watched the movie. and he went like, yeah, i really want to work them. he came up to he came up to toronto and did pre-production with us. we had songs and only one song got mixed from getting recorded. he thought it was all really, really great like musically. and it was really interesting because he had no clue as to what we were going to do vocally. but then the real truth is either did i but that was why i hired him. i wanted a producer there for me to produce the singing to create it as we make as we do it rather than going in with set of ideas. in that way the producer can have something to shape and form, right? if you go in there with if you go in there completely planned there s not much you can do about it. you re going to be going, no, i want to do this. and it turns into a not as smooth, do you know what i mean? the producer has set you in the right direction. you know with song on fire , i d go, i don t know what, i don t know what we re going to do with this. i have no clue. what are we going to call this? and through thick and bouncing stuff finally he says, on fire and i went, okay. okay and i went in the evening, it was at the end of the night, i went back to my hotel and i wrote the lyrics. i went in the next day and sang it. but the most these are very important things, you know. you got to be set in the right direction and otherwise it could be anything. and what s right, you got to do what s right. and his job is to tell you what s right. yeah, but that s what he gets paid for laughs that s what he s getting paid for. it s not i m not paying him to write my songs. i m asking him what he thinks if, what do you think of this title? another example, the song turn it up . originally i wanted to call it going deaf because i am, right? i didn t do fucking write it. you know, i like to write about what if that s my life and so forth. and he goes the first thing he says, take years of that title, lips. and i said, what do you mean? and he goes, instead of singing and going deaf, you say turn it up. and i went and it worked out. you know, you can t be you own boss. you can t do that not with music because music is something that you put out and people listen to. so it s perceived. so you need somebody to sit there, to be mr. audience. like bob, he d sit there he sat there during the during the bet, you know, we re playing the songs for the first time and he goes, i m mr. audience, man. play for me. and when you when you don t go like fucking keep that fucking solid, i m fucking losing it, man. i can t pound my hand. give me something i can pound my hand to. and we d go, okay, okay. we got to keep it steadier; we re going a little bit weird. and you know what it s these are you need an objective view. so what mr. audience likes if then you go, okay, you must be good because he likes it now. it s working. we follow bob s direction. we knew that he was going in the right direction. he s probably the best that we ve ever had. yeah like with song turn it up , it was amazing because i didn t even have to rewrite the lyrics. i just changed the title because saying going deaf is the same thing as saying turn it up . i can t hear. the opening line of it says turn it up, turn it up, make it loud so we all can hear , you know. it s saying exactly the same thing. it just like how you re saying it. i m just trying to explain here how bob fit in and what he did and how it worked. and it worked great because he was on the same page, you know. he knew exactly he brought a lot of clarity through all those stuff. yeah clarity, we were playing. plus, you know, using dave s grohl s studio didn t hurt either. laughs you know we went to his studio and it was a very nice place. we had a great sound over there. so did help a lot. anvil the movie how many years has it been since the anvil movie first came out, three, four years? four years. it seems that the movie is still very much alive , i would say? the movie shadows us forever and it will forever because it s a movie. the movie is about living, breathing entity amble. so we continue so does it and it just follows the movie as we go. yeah, and as we just continue, we are being discovered by new people, and that will never stop. and not only not only that, people it becomes somewhat cult in the sense that particularly among metal fans because what it represents is the same it s really a reflection of the audience. i m as much a fan of the music as i am a musician that makes the music, okay? so i don t love metal any less. i love it and i will love till i m dead. and that s what people that s what people gravitate to. that s what the metal crowd gravitates to. they all feel that way. we all feel that way. it s our music. and thank goodness that there are guys like lips or raven or fucking the endless list of guys that will never give up. you mean people like lemmy kilmister? or like lemmy, exactly, old man metal, it doesn t matter. there s no such thing as old men. it doesn t matter when it s timeless music. metal is timeless music. iron man is still a fucking heavy song and it came out in . it will never go away, it won t go away. it won t. you have had some good years with the band since the film came out and it opened some doors for us, okay, but let s look at it let s look at it from this perspective. anvil meant something to begin with okay? i mean music made a difference. and it made so much of a difference that i was able to record albums. i was doing albums every two years since i have started recording. that s success. not really many bands can say that. in fact i have been following your career since , , i know the history. but i mean, the movie did help the masses, you know, the new people to find anvil, right? but there are masses are now discovering and heard about. and, you know, we re putting out the best of album september, and it s a retrospective covering almost all the albums. and people are going to get to check out more of our music. and it s all about the music now. that s all we care about. the movie will shadow us forever. like i said, it s being discovered. it s going to be in german tv tomorrow night. and that s just actually going on in thousands and thousands of people discovering us on every day. we get letters from people every day. and it s mostly it s mostly people wishing that they ve made the right choices in their own lives. the movie the movie churns up the all the inner emotion about what you ve done with your life. that s a very unusual thing for a movie to do. never mind for other musicians, but just for the general public, you watch that movie and you go, am i happy with my life? did i make the right choices? why did i turn my back or boy i m glad you re right lips, you should never give up what you love do you know what i m saying? it s either, or, either you have regrets or you have none. but it still churns up the feeling to question for yourself have i done the right thing? we give what most people would have probably given up most. well i don t know if that s completely true because what might have seen dismal to the to the outside world looking in, it was not that way to us. we love what we do so much we couldn t we couldn t it wasn t it might be rotten on the outside like you know what i mean? like you haven t got the business, but the inside is fresh, clean, and ready to rock. that s the thing, man. the difficult times in the mid s you kind of get lost from the picture for many years. what did happen there? you know the music listen the music business fail their band years ago. that s the fucking end of the story right there. we ve got it, you know, but they go back to it. we go break in the link. it happened between our third album and fourth album. that s where the break in the link kind of though. when did that happen? there were no albums out between and . we re fucked. that s why we got fucked, okay? it was as simple as that. that s all that happens. but that for that reason i m not going to quit. i mean what the fuck? who s going to keep we had no choice during that time. we had to gather our own momentum and pay for everything and keep going. we didn t have support. everything went away, you know. we got picked up by big major manager. big major manager got a struck from a record label and didn t give us a new label. so we have no label. we ve got nothing. no support, no managers. the managers stop booking us. nothing, nothing and so we had to start all over again. after we ve made a huge impact, you re fucking starting all over again. that s what happens. you know that s it. but i always knew that one day we would get to where we would go. i always knew that sooner or later we would get this somehow. some people when they ask us, like a lot of people ask all the time, hey, man, did you think the movie would be the big ticket? well none of us did. how the fuck, you know, how can we do that? yeah, we could never call that. but going back like if we go back to i remember our old conversations. we had old conversation, the whole ticket, always be ready. that s what we always talk about. we can t go keep going and just hoping. we got to always be ready. in other words always have always have to start it right at there. always put a new album. always go on a tour. always be ready and don t make and don t bug yourself down like, yeah, i could have gone work for my brother. but then i d be responsible to him and i wouldn t be able to have the band. so what do i do? work half days at the delivery place. we do what s necessary so i could be ready. that s what it was all about. everything was a focal. it s a focus. you got to stay focus and stay at it and be ready. now we had the guy come in with the camera, when he did and if we weren t ready, it wouldn t have been much of a movie. there wouldn t have been music to have recorded. there wouldn t have been a tour to film. you have to be ready. you got to be in the midst of thing. you know percent of life is being there. the s, that was difficult time for all metal band. how that time was for you? you re talking about the dark years. i call that the dark years. you weren t doing too many headlines at that at that time, right? no because the media was talking about us we were shitting ourselves. because first of all first of all we were doing metal that was not death metal or trash. we weren t doing poseur stuff like poison and all the fucking shits. so we got lost in that. you get lost because you weren t playing mainstream or extreme stuff. how you would categorize you musical style overall? it s the middle, the middle metal, but it is the place. it s the place. it s everything really because that s where everything came from to begin with. that s where you got commercial shit from. that s where you got the fucking fashion from. it s the middle stuff, motorhead, anvil, all that. that middle genre. yeah, it got overshadowed in the 90s. no doubt about it. it didn t mean it s going to disappear. there s an audience for that shit. and there are always will be. it s timeless music. that is the timeless music of all all the mighty timeless music. its stuff that s still has viable singers. during the past four years, we are just being discovered by all the new people. and then they love it. people love it. they find it even more attractive than the stuff that they play like metallica was their gods. and some people are realizing, hey, i like these guys. we hear them all the time. you know, there are great, a great amount of it. i mean there s so much out there. there is so much out there. and more than percent of it is all underground. and there s just tons of it. so thank goodness. and it won t go away. there are a million guys with a million dreams and they re all fighting to get to that same place. and thank goodness because otherwise there d be no music. yeah the real metal the middle line metal is all those bands. you know even iron maiden in a certain sense. they never had they never had the success that bon jovi did. they re absolutely massive and probably the top of the food chain as far as as far as the genre of heavy metal is concerned, but still bon jovi was bigger. there were many bands in the the s who got forgotten for reason or another and oh, there are dozens of them when i think about the bands that i think you know what i don t think it s really positive to say should have because if it should have it would have because in a way to me like raven, those guys have their shot back in the 80s. and they got fucked up. they got fucked up because they blew it. so to me, you know, they have that shot a long time ago. most bands hope to get one shot. we re lucky we re given two shots. we kind of got we got like ., the movie would give us the real chance, the first time through when it s only a half a chance and that s why it didn t work. we never got record deals in the most important market in the world, the united states. and everything got held and pulled away from us after the first three records. that s half a chance. do you know what i m saying? we weren t really given that, you know. but when you get a major label and you re living in the states and you re touring all over the place, that s a chance. that s a chance and that s what i m saying, i m having a chance. i m getting to see that now, fucking years later. i m actually can you believe that i ve been to germany and europe more times than i ve been to the united states? and i live in fucking canada. you ve been playing more in europe that u.s in your career. really? yeah, well that s what the reality is. that s the reality. and it took me years to break that barrier down. i mean we do a handful of show in the united states, every years, like that. like in europe, we ve been coming here all through the 90s. so europe is always been a kind of stronghold for anvil even during more difficult times? it is. it is our stronghold. it is where it is what has made anvil survive. it s what kept us alive all through the years. our record deal, the long standing record deal was with massacre records. they did six albums with us. that s half our fucking that s half of our career. i mean that there s a lot to be said about that. it s not like one or two albums. it s like half of the fucking half of our existence as a result of having a record company in europe. and a following in europe that s the only that s why we had a record deal in europe is because there were people to sell the cd to. i mean it s all like really that s why when we say should have, look at what happened what happened to us, you could say we should have made it then. well no. we weren t equipped. we got signed to an independent canadian label. you re not going to. that s why it was only half a chance. it was done before it started. do you know what i m saying? it wasn t it was not that s not what was meant to be. what was meant to be is what s happened now that we had to actually live and go through all the evolution and years the way that we have in order for the impact to have to have its impact today, do you know what i m saying? that movie wouldn t mean anything if there was not other albums on history. if there was no history it s all about the history. it s all about our it s all about our journey. like our friends told me in italy in , hey man, it s all about history, man. you guys got the history. this fucking guy was telling me that like old crazy, but i don t know what the fuck he s talking about laughs some anvil album faq and guitarist problems i have heard that all the old anvil albums are going to be re-mastered and re-released now? yes, i believe so. that s great because some of those albums are almost impossible to find nowadays, like strength of steel. oh, yeah. well strength of steel is being and you know what s really interesting is that s the most sought after. and that was in its day such a fucking bomber. the way some people perceived it and the way that the letdown and the way that it went out with what labels and how it just flat. it was really a great album. that s the real truth. but at that time, the society kind of missed the greatness. that s a shame. but the reality is it has a real substance. it has a real substance. no it s true. it s true. and its day everyone said they went commercial. they went commercial it s like, what? well we didn t go commercial. but we didn t because none of the music ever ended up on the radio. so how commercial was it? what are they talking about? laughs another great album which didn t get attention deserved was worth the weight. on that album you had a guitarist called sebastian marino who had replaced the original string man dave allison? yeah that was an interesting project. but, you know, people are worth the weight. you re going to find it soon. it s all coming out laughs we tried hard with that album. but he, marino, got he got an offer to play with overkill and that s what made him leave the band. otherwise he may very well been here to this day. but that wasn t his destiny. do you know what i m saying? and i don t i don t think so he didn t the reason he didn t stay is because he didn t have what we have. there s a brotherhood and an understanding that we are working towards a success not where s my money, where s my money, where s my money , okay? so this guitar player was the type of person that needed well we all need to make money, but it was more about these guys are offering. you re just offering me a future. i think i ll go with the money. and that s what exactly what he turned into. he went through the money. he didn t have a future because they weren t going to give it to him in a sense that you re not going to getting writing royalties. you re not going to get a piece of any of the real action, like merchandise or whatever. do you know what i m saying? he was not it was no real future. it was a pay check. so in other words, when they pull the plug he was gone. and there s no and that s basically what happened. i mean these are the these are the what did that do? well i got a replacement guy which was ivan. he did the job adequately but no real deep interest and also lacked what we have in a sense that we are working as a focused group and we re working for the future. he didn t care enough. he didn t he didn t put in. he just expected out. that doesn t work. so eventually i just i just won t bother with the guy. and, you know, six months went by, he calls me and he goes, i think i ought to come pick up my equipment? yeah, you d do that. come and get your guitar. i didn t, you know, like we got back from japan and i m not calling him to come to rehearsal. so i just decided i m not going to even tell him where we re even rehearsing. i don t fucking care. i didn t even speak to him for six months. and then he calls me saying that it s not like i never told him his fired. he never told me he quit. do you know what i m saying? he calls me up under the blue six months later i m going to come and pick up my equipment. yeah there was no question about it. it was over. he knew he wasn t needed? he knew he wasn t needed. so you guys you have a plan to keep this line up like three piece in the future? oh, yeah absolutely. i didn t want to go i didn t want to start going back down that road. we ve been writing as a three piece for probably six or seven albums with just the three of us. that s what i m saying. ivan, this guy was not a contributing member. he was just a guy who comes to play guitar with us. well why? this is like this is no fucking good. yeah, so we just got rid of it. once you decided to carry on with just one guitar it must still have been quite different to play live as three some? well no it made a huge difference. and it was actually it became really weird after a while because when we go out and we play and we were kind of like what s this guy doing here? that s what it did start feeling like. that s not i m saying that having another guitarist became redundant. so when we did become a really, really become a three piece, we started of course we came we came to the realization this is where we got in trouble. yeah, i know we have to. that s a different approach. and there has to be a mindset that that s what you want to do. up until now this guy has been coming here so we always are alleviating in the way that we play that this guy is going to be playing a part. but once that part got removed, that means that we re going to have to do a couple in a few places. we re going to have to rearrange how we play so that it still sounds the same without him. well that wasn t a problem. that only took about a week. how much you had to re-arrange the old stuff because of that? not much really. it wasn t a lot. there were a couple of things there are a couple of things yeah, a couple of things that glenn had to do in order to because like the entry in 666 , right, like when it was just there s just a couple of places where you got to keep yeah like in this is thirteen , i m doing the guitar riff and the bass at the same time. in forged in fire in the middle i m doing the whole notes as well as playing the notes. yeah. it was more work under for glenn for sure. it s just that s an adaptation to what we are already doing anyway. but, you know, we are mentally three piece is not just physically. you know, basically it s always been a three piece. all of the records are recorded through us like everything for years. yeah and all the other guy did was play the lead guitar over dubs and that was it. he never played really loud. it was a waste of fucking time and this is the best. and even going back to the early 80s when dave allison, it was still marginal the amount that it added. we needed it because we lacked in the bass guitar too. so that s what kind of made up for that rhythm section of the band. but we now got a bass player that can play times better than the original bass player and he can sing. bye, bye guys. i got a tooth for one deal here. this is a way more reasonable to work and he s better than both of them put together. the touring plans, managers and movie stuff okay after this summer tour, i heard that you are doing a tour with saxon in europe. what else is going to be in the map? we got a show with alice cooper when we get back. we did a bunch of shows with him earlier. so it s a part of it. then we got a swedenrock cruise and we got we re going to do our own tour once we reach america. then we come back to europe for the saxon tour for four months and then we ll probably go back to america and then we ve got probably going to have south america? and then we also have japan and australia to do and we have to play keep it true festival on next year and we re playing the maryland death festival in baltimore and.. you know, we now have a manager. thank goodness after all these years. and that s why we re beginning to really make a living at doing this. actually all the stuff that he was talk about, he could have just summarized it by saying, if you don t have a manager, a real manager, forget about being here in this business. just forget about it, okay? that s the bottom line because if you ve got people who are connected, you go fucking all the way. they just put you there. they put you there. and if you re a good band, you win the people over. and it s expensive. it s expensive. it is. these guys don t work for nothing. yeah, but they give you something back, i think? yes, but they take their carpet. i m just saying that. it s not the key but and you know that s it might be true that we were saving a whole lot of money by not having a manager, but what money were we saving if we weren t making any? i never look at it that way. i was the only guy that was telling lips for years that we do need a manager. that s so true, lips, we need a manager. lips, i know man, i know. but who s got a manager laughs and we got a really heavy duty manager. we got rick sales. he manages later slayer so he knows what the fuck he s doing. and it was the manager that i really had hoped that we would have grasped the interest of because if i wanted a real manager and he was the guy i wanted. and part of the reason of that he understands metal. it s not about radio play and being a pop man like bon jovi. he understands metal. he worked with slayer who is anything but commercial. perfect. that s the guy i want to work with. this guy knows how to make heaviness rock. that s what you need, the right manager, the right band for the right people. you got to get that guy. and it was like, god bring me a good manager like that. and it happened. and he s been doing really well. for three year he s been doing a great work with us in rebuilding the band like what we re saying earlier. you know we re building it up. and the more we play in front of like i mean so many people like the four thousand people today the more we do this maybe a new more people now are really liking our band. the new anvil generation wow, those guys are cool, do you know what i mean? and the more you hear that that s how you build your followers. and we get a chance to play for lots of people. and we re a good band so you got to win the people over. it s a hard fucking fly. there are no jumping steps. no fucking no leaps and bounce here. you firmly and hardly all the way up and it s a hard it s a long staircase. you know, rick, our manager told us three years ago, boys, this is what we got to do. and he said to us, i hope you guys can survive it. i remember him saying that. but if we can survive it, then we would reach our goal. and that s how it goes. you know the guy calls me up he calls me up i m getting on the airplane to i m getting on the airplane to come here. i got a call from him and he goes like i hope you re okay with one week off in two months . and i said, bring it on. come on, are you kidding me? and he s going, okay, yeah. but that s the way he approach it because when he says that to slayer they re going, what are you offering, fucking two months? what the fuck are you talking about? that s what happens with most bands because they ve been doing it for fucking years and in fact they don t like travelling. they don t like fucking each other. and the only thing they like is give me the money. that s all they want, give me the fucking money and you can see it when they go on stage. it s just, give me my money. fucking see you the next day. bye. it s sad for many 80s bands. i know. i have seen that thing happening for many s bands. you know what s really interesting i went and did an interview with nikki sixx for his sixxt h sense and he told me they all watched the anvil movie and when they went into rehearsal, the whole feeling in the room is all different. that s what he told me. he said they all realized why there were there and why they should be there and that they should be happy to be there. he said it was the first rehearsal that they ve ever had. i can actually believe that. which is that s good because it s what we talked about earlier. in the sense that the movie digs into your into the human psyche, into the sense that you evaluate what you re doing with your life. are you happy? are you content? have you done what you wanted? are you doing it the way you want to do it? it does that. like that s what it s amazing. it s a cool therapy movie i would say. the last words about the movie is there anything in the movie that you would like to change, any parts you would like to cut off or add now afterwards? yeah my the naked pictures laughs overall, how much material you did tape overall for the movie? we did film something like close to 320 hours. so, most of it was useless fucking shit. but, you know laughs it s a stuff that wasn t perfect to what they re doing, you know, like to what you know what i think it wasn t it s something that was going on. they put in a deep the movie the things he cut together was the best thing. like as an example and it s in the extra clips on in the dvd is the trip to my older brother s place in birmingham alabama. he was dying. and when that was included in the movie, you find out my brother is dying and the next thing you see is me celebrating on the stage in japan and that s the reality of it. but it doesn t need you don t need to introduce it in that way in the movie that you d be going off fuck lips, man, even though this is so great, but poor fucking guy. it s not it s not that kind of material might not look good for many people? that s exactly. and it s in the extra edition. and you can figure it out for yourself what the outcome of that was. so, you know, there are balances in life. i accept everything. there s nothing i can do and things are out of your out of your ability to change, you can t do anything about it. he got sick and he died man. what are you going to do? i can t bring him back but i don t look at it i don t look at it see the thing is the way that i think that i m able to deal with all i don t look at death as being the end just a transition. you re around, but not physically. but you re around and it s there s something about it, the energy does not go away. they re always around and that s the way i look at it. live pictures from porisphere festival
__label__non_math	0.9815	nicholas howard barker is an extreme metal drummer from hillsborough, sheffield; now lives in northwich, england . after several years of collaboration with british metal band cradle of filth, he joined norwegian symphonic black metal band dimmu borgir. after being removed from the lineup, barker went on to play with brujeria, old man's child and lock up. as announced on , barker is also officially the new drummer for long-standing death metal band atrocity, and leaves' eyes, which consists of the atrocity lineup in addition to norway's liv kristine. barker also plays drums on the latest album by uk death metallers benediction, 'killing music'. barker's technique incorporates fast double-bass drumming, extremely accurate blastbeats, odd-time-signatured multi-tom fills and precise, dynamic accuracy. his influences include neil peart rush , gene hoglan dark angel, death, strapping young lad , ringo starr the beatles , clive burr and nicko mcbrain iron maiden , dave lombardo slayer , and pete sandoval morbid angel .
__label__non_math	0.9912	my beef with meat if it has a face, it probably gobbles up global resources along with its grass by stett holbrook last month, the federal government released a much-anticipated report on global climate change. it paints a chilling picture of what will happen if global warming continues unabated. "this report is a game-changer," said the new director of the national oceanic and atmospheric administration, jane lubchenco, at a press conference last week. "i think that much of the foot-dragging in addressing climate change is a reflection of the perception that climate change is way down the road, it's in the future and it only affects certain parts of the country. this report demonstrates in concrete scientific information that climate change is happening now, and it's happening in our back yards." the report, issued by the u.s. global change research program, compiles work from different government agencies. in a refreshing break from the science-averse bush administration, the report states unequivocally that climate change is human caused. the report details changes scientists are already seeing and predicts how the climate will change if greenhouse-gas emissions aren't curtailed. the report also discusses how decisive policies can roll back the impending doom. read the report at globalchange.gov. here are two of the key findings: climate changes are under way in the united states and are projected to grow. these include increases in heavy downpours, rising temperature and sea level, rapidly retreating glaciers, thawing permafrost, lengthening growing seasons, lengthening ice-free seasons in the ocean and on lakes and rivers, earlier snowmelt and alterations in river flows. agriculture is considered one of the sectors most adaptable to changes in climate, but increased heat, pests, water stress, diseases and weather extremes will pose adaptation challenges for crop and livestock production. there have been many reports on global warming and dire predictions from respected scientists. so far not much has changed. i hope that president obama uses the power of his position to spur the dramatic and speedy action needed to reduce the profound impacts of the crisis. the challenge obama faces is convincing people that the time to change our ways is today, not tomorrow. the trouble is, we don't usually realize we're in trouble until the roof starts caving in. for example, only when we faced global financial meltdown did world leaders act. a global recession is real and painful, but compared to the apocalyptic effects of unchecked global warming, it's but a pinprick. what does all this have to do with food? well, while the u.s. government appears to be finally getting serious about acting against global warming, we the people need to do as much as we can. food strikes me as particularly target-rich as we seek to reduce global warming. i see reducing our consumption of meat as the single most important action we can take as individuals. i've come to view a double bacon cheeseburger as the culinary equivalent of dumping dirty motor oil into a clear mountain lake. if eating burgers was only detrimental to those who eat them that would be one thing, but the production of meat and dairy across the world is an environmental catastrophe. i'm a firm believer in spending more for quality, food included. but eating well shouldn't be prohibitively expensive. i guess it's all in how one defines "eating well." for me, that means little or no processed food and plenty of fresh produce in season. food is of course a necessary expense, but there's a lot of discretion on how to spend your food dollar. but the ironic thing about food when you buy fresh, unprocessed ingredients and cook for yourself rather than opening a can or box, eating well generally costs less. at least that's my belief. according to the united nations' food and agriculture organization fao , livestock production generates nearly a fifth of the world's greenhouse gases, more than transportation. animal agriculture is the leading source of methane and nitrous oxide emissions, which--combined with carbon dioxide--are the primary causes of global warming. livestock production accounts for more than percent of global human water use, the fao says. evidence suggests that it is also the largest source of water pollution thanks to animal wastes, antibiotics, hormones, fertilizers and pesticides used for feed crops, and sediments from eroded pastures. an estimated percent of the earth's ice-free land is involved in livestock production. approximately percent of previously forested land in the amazon is used as pasture, and feed crops cover a large part of what's left. eating organically raised, grass-feed beef is a far better option than the factory-farmed garbage that most of us eat. but organically raised or not, livestock still sucks up scarce natural resources and contributes to global warming. i'm not saying we should give up meat entirely. just eat less of it. given the severity of the climate crisis, reducing our consumption of meat is a painless step everyone can take. what if president obama declared he was willing to go without meat a few days a week for the sake of the planet? i'm not holding my breath for that one, but more often than not i'm going to hold off on eating meat. send a letter to the editor about this story.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the most important aspect of today's american civil liberties union lawsuit challenging the defense of marriage act's definition of marriage -- as reported on monday night by metro weekly -- follows the rules of real estate: location, location, location edith "edie" windsor -- a new york city widow who lost her wife, thea spyer, after a decades-long battle with multiple sclerosis and, later, a serious heart condition -- provides a ready-made picture for media operations centered in the big apple, and her compelling story is the type that can -- and will -- be told over and over in the coming weeks and months. from the complaint: edie and thea met in new york city in .... edie and thea first met at portofino, a restaurant in greenwich village, where it was comfortable for a lesbian clientele to go on friday evenings. edie, who was working long hours at her job, decided to call an old friend and ask her to take her "to where the lesbians go." at the restaurant, edie was introduced to thea. although edie and thea were each there with other people, they danced together all night. in fact, by the end of the evening, edie had danced a hole through the bottom of one of her stockings. after a wedding engagement that lasted more than forty years, and a life together that would be the envy of any couple, thea and edie were finally legally married in toronto, canada in . having spent virtually their entire lives caring for each other in sickness including thea's long, brave battle with multiple sclerosis and in health, thea and edie were able to spend the last two years of thea's life together as married. and, then, after thea died as a result of her heart condition, the legal conflict: new york state legally recognizes edie and thea's marriage and provided them with the same status, responsibilities, and protections as other married people. however, edie and thea were not considered "married" under federal law because of the operation of the statute known ironically as the defense of marriage act "doma" , u.s.c. . and, finally, the aclu's summary of the wrong that windsor is seeking to have righted: this clearly unequal treatment of edie and thea's marriage both demeans their remarkable commitment to one another and has great practical significance for edie, the sole beneficiary of thea's estate. under the internal revenue code, the transfer of money or property from one spouse to another upon death generally does not trigger any estate tax at all. because of the operation of doma, however, the federal government does not consider edie and thea to have been married, and, as a result, edie has been forced to pay more than in federal estate tax that she would otherwise not have had to pay if edie and thea's marriage were recognized under federal law. the remedy sought by the aclu is simple. as roberta kaplan, the lawyer with paul, weiss, rifkind, wharton garrison llp who is the lead attorney on the case, told metro weekly on monday night, "what we're seeking in the case is a check back -- with interest." read the lawsuit: -windsorvus-complaint.pdf photo of edie windsor and thea spyer provided by the aclu from the documentary edie thea: a very long engagement.
__label__non_math	0.8903	.., helsinki - , architect , helsinki university of technology in heikki siren made a study tour to germany, england, switzerland, france and italy. in the scandinavian countries he was a frequent visitor. he married architecture student katri kaija tuominen in , and in they set up an office, kaija and heikki siren their respective contributions in the output of the office are not differentiated here . nowadays the office is named arkkitehtitoimisto siren co. the early stage of the sirens' career includes the teekkarikyl students' housing from the 1950s, the servin m kki restaurant built for the helsinki olympics in and the otaniemi chapel from , all part of the campus of helsinki university of technology in otaniemi, espoo. kaija and heikki siren designed many buildings for tapiola garden city, espoo, such as the experimental wooden rowhouses at kimmeltie and kontiontie streets built in , the luxurious otsonpes rowhouse from and the aarnivalkea school from . during the following decades they continued to design dwellings around tapiola. examples of early cultural buildings by the sirens are the small stage of the finnish national theatre and the lahti concert hall, both built in . their orivesi church, built in , was radical in form by contemporary standards. the sirens' work in helsinki includes large office blocks, of which the best known is probably the circle-formed ympyr talo built in . the sirens made designs abroad, too: a housing area was built in paris in , the bruckner house concert hall in linz, austria, in , and the baghdad congress palace in iraq in . in the mid-1970s golf courses by their design were built in japan. the architects' home and studio villa siren was built in stages in for lauttasaari, helsinki. their holiday buildings in bar sund, placed beautifully by the seaside on the smooth rocks of the archipelago, are mainly from the late 1960s. the museum's collections do not include drawings by kaija and heikki siren.
__label__non_math	0.9996	new way to drink" brought to you by mg direct. soapstone thermal stones will sustain the temperature of your chilled drink without watering it down or keep your warm drinks nice and toasty. plus these handy little rock cubes are eco-friendly not only because they are reusable but because they are manufactured with soapstone from factory excess. bourbon, wine red or white , mixed drinks, tea, coffee, soda, hot cocoa, egg nog, and much more suggested use: one stone per ounce. - place stones in the freezer for -hours. - work best in small volume drinks -ounces . - not recommended - place stones in microwave for -seconds. - carefully remove heated stones; add to beverage. - always use hand protection when handling heated soapstone. - set of approx. " cubed - soapstone rocks hold their temperature for minutes or more. - dishwasher safe. natural soapstone is generally regarded as safe gras by the us fda. it will not react with household solvents such as water, alcohols, detergents or mild acids. - this product is not recommended for use by children. - thoroughly rinse soapstone rocks before initial use.
__label__non_math	1.0000	- health library - research a disease or condition - lookup a symptom - learn about a test - prepare for a surgery or procedure - what to do after being discharged - self-care instructions - questions to ask your doctor - nutrition, vitamins special diets abortion - surgical - aftercare you have had a surgical abortion. this is a procedure that ends pregnancy by removing the fetus and placenta from your womb uterus . what to expect you will likely recover without problems. it may take a few days to feel well. you may have cramps that feel like menstrual cramps for a few days. your normal period will likely return in -weeks. it is normal to feel sad or depressed after this procedure. seek help from your health care provider or a counselor if these feelings do not go away. a family member or friend can also provide comfort. to relieve discomfort or pain in the abdomen: - take a warm bath. you may also apply a heating pad set on low. or apply a hot water bottle filled with warm water. - take over-the-counter painkiller as instructed. - rest as needed. - do not do any strenuous activity the first few days after the procedure. this includes not lifting anything heavier than pounds about the weight of a1 gallon milk jug . - also, do not do any aerobic activity, including running or working out. light housework is fine. other things to help speed your recovery include: - use pads to absorb bleeding and drainage from the vagina. change the pads every -hours to avoid infection. - do not use tampons or put anything in the vagina, including douching. - do not have vaginal intercourse for -weeks, or until cleared by your healthcare provider. - take any other medicine, such as an antibiotic, as instructed. - begin using birth control starting right after the procedure. it is possible to get pregnant again even before your normal period resumes. contraception birth control can help prevent unplanned pregnancies. be aware though, unplanned pregnancies can occur even when you use birth control. call your doctor if: - you have vaginal bleeding that increases or you need to change your pads more than every -hours. - you have continued pain or pregnancy symptoms. - you have signs of infection, including fever that does not go away, vaginal drainage with a foul odor, vaginal drainage that looks like pus, pain or tenderness in your abdomen. jensen jt, mishell jr dr. family planning:contraception, sterilization, and pregnancy termination. in: lentz gm, lobo ra,gershenson dm, katz vl, eds. comprehensive gynecology. 6th ed. philadelphia, pa: elsevier mosby; :chap13. reviewed by: susan storck, md, facog, chief, eastside department of obstetrics and gynecology, group health cooperative of puget sound, bellevue, washington; clinical teaching faculty, department of obstetrics and gynecology, university of washington school of medicine. a.d.a.m. health solutions, ebix, inc., editorial team: david zieve, md, mha, david r. eltz, stephanie slon, and nissi wang.
__label__non_math	1.0000	forum ignore list log in to check your private messages mi3dot.org forum index please enter your username and password to log in. log me on automatically each visit: i forgot my password , phpbb group
__label__non_math	0.9994	the -, 187-pound coe spent the previous three seasons with the new york giants where he played in games with one start. he was originally selected by the indianapolis colts in the fifth round 173rd overall of the nfl draft. coe has spent time in his career with the colts , jacksonville jaguars and the giants . he has played in career games with one start while registering tackles, passes defensed in his five seasons. coe started for two seasons at arkansas before transferring as a senior to alabama state where his father, charles, was head coach. over the course of his collegiate career he appeared in games with starts. he totaled 100 tackles, seven interceptions, passes defensed, one forced fumble and one fumble recovery. born in memphis, tennessee, coe attended cordova high school.
__label__non_math	0.9989	you must earn ,000 points to post other members' whiteboard just stopped by your 90th and i see you didn't make it. maybe next time. your buddy, john niv for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life. christ is risen he is risen indeed. easter blessings to you all. he is the way, the truth and the light. though you have no birthday were you hatched , no hobbies, job, education, foods, tv shows, movies, quotes, of gas saving tips, you do say things well and so i would lke to be your buddy. gascapade said it well, "what a steaming pile of big oil propaganda garbage...." saw your picture at a mutual buddies site. would you please be my newest buddy from ft. worth ?? ok?? david............. qq merry christmas to you your family, and a very happy new year best wishes and a very happy thanksging to all gas buddies and their families and friends in our wonderful usa couple of years ago, congress ordered the commodities commission to limit oil speculation. no rules yet, they should be charged with contempt of congress. today is alleycatmo's birthday... cheers to you :
__label__non_math	0.9999	in his lust for giving julio cesar chavez jr., a sound -round whipping, sergio martinez learned that a wounded prey is can mount a sudden and dangerous counterattack. martinez seemed headed to an obstacle-free win against chavez -- in their world boxing council middleweight title fight saturday in las vegas. for rounds, martinez proved why he is one of boxing s best pound-for-pound fighters, bruising chavez with effective shots from different distances and angles. the younger but slower chavez perhaps was too green for this type of ring assignment and martinez didn t care about protecting his lead as the fight approached the final three minutes. martinez -- wanted chavez, son of the legendary mexican champion, to pay for his ascension through the promotional chain at a perceived convenient pace. but just as it appeared that martinez, , would have his victory sealed, he encountered an unexpected scare. chavez found his opening and landed three solid lefts to the head, sending martinez to the canvas midway through the 12th round. a dazed and bloody martinez beat the -count and converted to survivor as chavez suddenly was in pursuit of a dramatic, late win. martinez converted from aggressor to survivor, clinching and landing weaker combinations to outlast chavez s assault. the clock ran out on chavez and martinez banked on the previous rounds to win a unanimous decision before a capacity crowd at the thomas and mack center. julio gave it his all tonight, he did more than i expected, martinez said. he showed he had heart and until the end, he never gave up. a native of argentina, martinez, , spent more than a decade striving to reach the event of saturday s pay-per-view backdrop. now that he has reclaimed the wbc belt, martinez -- looks forward to enhancing his brush with fame. this win means that i can believe in the sport again, martinez said. that a champion is willing to fight everyone. despite the 12th round scare, martinez won the bout 119-109 on two judges scorecards, and 117-on the third. it was not my night, i started too late, said chavez, who is now --. i hurt him but unfortunately i couldn t finish him. i just needed a little more time. chavez s last-minute flurry and near knockout win now solidifies the setting for a rematch and new boxing rivalry. of course, whenever he wants the rematch, we will do it, martinez said. we are two professionals and we will take this with the seriousness it deserves. other late saturday bouts: miami resident guillermo rigondeaux - retained his world boxing association super-bantamweight title with a unanimous decision over robert marroquin. ... mexico s saul canelo alvarez --, kos defended his wbc super-welterweight belt with a fifth-round technical knockout win over josesito lopez in las vegas. florida pioneer dies don hazelton, who oversaw the florida boxing commission and miccosukee boxing commission during a three-decade span, died friday at a tallahassee hospital. hazelton was . hazelton was diagnosed with lung and throat cancer last year. in , hazelton became executive director of the florida boxing commission. hazelton s tenure was praised for reform enhancement and strict maintenance of rules and regulations. his term expired in . two years later, when the miccosukee indian tribe broke from the florida commission and formed its own boxing regulating authority, hazelton became its executive director, until when the miccosukees disbanded the commission. a former florida state representative from to , hazelton is survived by his wife and two sons.
__label__non_math	1.0000	a former tv weatherman who testified days ago in a miami federal courtroom that latvian bar girls swindled him out of ,000 on miami beach was back in the spotlight tuesday over suggestive photos and tweets sent from his twitter account. john bolaris, who was suspended from his job as a weather anchor for fox affiliate wtxf in philadelphia last year amid his allegations that as a tourist in south florida in he was drugged and robbed, apparently was asleep sunday when his fianc e erica smitheman drunkenly took over his twitter account and promised to send out nude photos of herself, the new york daily news is reporting. the former playboy model started her twitter binge by writing: hello this is erica love john, he loves you all, i guess its ok if i send you all a naked photo or two dont tell my love. she continued to write suggestive tweets referring to her modeling past and hinting that shed taken over bolaris account while he slept, the newspaper reported. this is erica, i did pose in playboy so what, she wrote. i will post my naked pictures john has no clue... i am tweeting, hes sleeping. bolaris, who now appears on the howard stern radio show, has nearly ,000 followers. smitheman did not post nude photos, only one suggestive one, but her offer caused a stir in the twitterverse. to read the new york daily news story click here. bolaris last made headlines earlier this month in miami when he testified about his misadventures in the hands of a latvian crime ring, which used two beautiful women to lure him from a club and back to his hotel and in the process ran up his credit card, he said. heres the story that ran in miamiherald.com on nov. , the day after bolaris testified in court: more than two years after his nightmare on south beach, former tv weatherman john bolaris remains a little foggy about his close encounter with a couple of latvian bar girls who swindled him for ,000 in bogus booze charges billed to his amex card. on friday, bolaris testified in miami federal court that he didnt have sex with them, though the thought crossed his mind after meeting the duo at the delano hotel in late march . bolaris, , was asked whether the b-girls suggested they go to his room at the fontainebleau hotel for a threesome. no, sir, bolaris told defense attorney roderick vereen. in my right state of mind, i would not do that. vereen shot back: what about in your intoxicated state of mind? bolaris, who was fired last year from his job as a weatherman for fox tv in philadelphia, regaled a miami jury with his tale of woe in the federal trial of four men who ran a ring of russian-style clubs that fleeced miami beach tourists by deploying b-girls to seduce them. the puppet master behind the alleged scam: admitted russian mafioso alec simchuk, , a naturalized u.s. citizen who pleaded guilty to fraud and testified last month in the trial of his partners and associates. in , miami beach police and the fbi launched an undercover investigation into the b-girl network after bolaris and other customers complained to their credit card companies about the outlandish bar tabs. a total of defendants were charged in the fraud conspiracy.
__label__non_math	0.9808	anybody can gift-wrap a matching apron and oven mitts. but if you really want to impress the foodie in your life, give the gift of kitchen tech. to suss out which gizmos are worth giving, we went to the master himself, nathan myhrvold, the former microsoft executive turned high priest of modernist cuisine. myhrvold spent hundreds of thousands of dollars decking out his bellevue, wash., kitchen-lab with texture analyzers that determine meat s doneness, a laser that precision cuts pasta shapes and microns-thin daikon slices, even a centrifuge that separates peas and other matter into their component parts. most of that won t land under the tree this year, but we walked the lab with myhrvold to get ideas for outfitting a modernist kitchen on any budget: digital thermometer : the texture and taste of food changes with temperature, myhrvold says, so it s important to measure accurately. digital thermometers also are fast, giving accurate readings in just seconds. digital scale : we weigh rather than using teaspoons and cups, he says. it s more accurate. this is true if you re measuring flour for bread or if you re measuring xanthan gum to thicken a sauce. myhrvold recommends a scale for ordinary weights up to a couple of kilos, and, if you re serious about pursing modernist techniques, a second model that measures tiny quantities hundredths of a gram for gums and gelling agents. lab sieves : similar to what you might see kids using on the beach, except lab sieves have very tiny openings think less than 100th of an inch. in labs, they separate different sized particles. in the kitchen, myhrvold uses them to create super-silky sauces, jams and stocks, with every last bit of sediment removed. blow torch : we like the home depot ones, he says. they re simple, they re reliable, and when you want to make something hot really hot there s nothing like it. use a blow torch to sear a steak or brown a chicken while still preserving the perfect doneness of the item in question. 200 whipping siphon 150 : normal people use this to make whipped cream. myhrvold uses it to serve scrambled eggs in foamy little dollops or to lighten sauces and soups. it also can be used to vacuum marinate meat, a process that uses pressure to create more flavor. pressure cooker 200 : besides cooking things quickly, a pressure cooker also cooks them better. it s the best possible way to make stock, myhrvold says, explaining that the high heat in the pressure cooker does a better job of extracting flavor than the traditional long, slow simmer method. the pressure cooker also can reduce vegetables such as carrots to soup with a little help from baking soda to foster caramelization. sous vide machine 499 : myhrvold is unrelenting in his devotion to sous vide, the water bath method used by chefs to cook items to an exact doneness. it gives you exquisite control over temperature, he says, eliminating the need to pinch and poke your meat. plus, he adds, you can do really, really cool things. like cook scrambled eggs and dispense them from your whipping siphon see above . countertop induction burner 250 : powered by magnets, these energy-efficient burners heat food more quickly than ordinary stoves, but leave your pot handles cool. plus, it lets you use inexpensive steel pans to achieve the same results as the priciest copperware used on gas burners. dehydrator 325 : it s cheap and it s fun, myhrvold says with a twinkle. and there s a lot of cool stuff you can do with it. witness, candied rose petals. cocktail sauce leather think fruit leather made from cocktail sauce wrap it around shrimp . blendtec or vitamix blender 900 : these super-fancy blenders have more power and better blade contact with the food than your average wedding gift, transforming chunky items into silky smooth purees.
__label__non_math	0.9993	tallahassee -- don t feel bad if you don t know how the sequester will affect your wallet. apparently, florida s top economists don t either. on friday, state economists halted a budget meeting so they could adjust their forecast on sales tax collections, the state s main source of general revenue. the problem, they said, is the across-the-board federal government spending cuts that went into effect on march . any modest improvement to the state budget picture could be more than offset by the potential significant impact caused by sequestration, senate president don gaetz, r-niceville, said friday. this uncertainty, caused by a lack of leadership in washington, highlights florida s need to plan ahead, be cautious and to maintain adequate reserves. the budget forecast is no small thing. it serves as the basis for the billion state spending plan. if the forecast is optimistic, lawmakers could set aside money for pay raises and projects such as stadium renovations for the miami dolphins. if the forecast is negative, that wiggle room shrinks. economists were prepared to deliver good news, if not for the sequester. housing construction and jobs are up; so are auto sales and consumer spending all encouraging signs. but in earlier forecasts, economists downplayed the possibility that the sequester would get this far or that a percent payroll tax was going to be restored in january. now economists fret that they may have overplayed their hand. we need to do something to recognize that something is going on, said jose diez-arguelles, staff director for the senate s finance and taxation committee, referring to the sequester. it will take money out of the florida economy, unemployment compensation will suffer, defense contractors will suffer, people will be put on furloughs. anecdotally, people are already hurting, and we re not really reflecting that. chief state economist amy baker and other economists agreed that the state should lower its sales tax outlook, despite strong february collections, and gaetz said future revisions might be necessary. when the economists reconvened the meeting nearly nine hours later, they estimated an additional .billion, though much of that lawmakers like to stash in reserves. just how the sequester translates into dollars and cents will become clearer next week, when the house and senate begin to release their budget numbers. already, it s clear that the sequester will have major ramifications for education. florida economists were hoping to have million in the public education capital outlay, or peco, fund. the dollars are generated from the state s gross receipts tax on electric, cable and land-line telephone bills. as a result of the federal spending cuts, however, florida lost a federal subsidy that was helping pay down certain bonds. additionally, the state department of education wants to build a reserve account to service existing debts. that would use up all the cash, baker said. she added: for new purposes, they are going to have zero dollars available. that s troubling news for state colleges and universities, which were banking on the extra cash. in his proposed budget, gov. rick scott recommended giving .million to the state university system. another .million would have gone to the florida school for the deaf and blind. scott wanted all of the money to be spent on critical maintenance projects. in years past, local school districts, charter schools and higher-education institutions all got a share of peco dollars. but the fund has been drying up, largely because fewer floridians have landline telephones.
__label__non_math	0.9917	miami-dade commissioner esteban "steve" bovo has asked mayor carlos gimenez to review the county's early-voting process, following up to six-hour waits last week at some of miami-dade's polling places open before election day. in a memo to the mayor sent wednesday, bovo requested an overview of the sites and ballot printing and scanning machines available "in order to discern how this situation may be remedied." "i am especially worried about the number of sites that did not have working machines or did not have a sufficient amount of voting machines available at their precinct," bovo wrote. he specifically asked for numbers for his hialeah-based district -- for early voting and election day, when polls in some areas of the county still had voters casting ballots after the presidential race had been called. "there is no excuse for this and we need to prevent this from happening in the future," bovo wrote. bovo made no mention of the lengthy ballot or reduced number of early-voting days -- two factors gimenez, a republican, has said contributed to the delays. gimenez has asked for a precinct-by-precinct report, promised to convene a task force and said he will urge the governor and state lawmakers to extend early voting. gov. rick scott, a republican, signed a law pushed by the gop-controlled state legislature last year shortening the number of days to eight from . the number of hours stayed the same on the books, though in practice voters had more hours to cast ballots early four years ago, when then-gov. charlie crist extended the hours. bovo, a republican and former state lawmaker, left the legislature to run for the nonpartisan county commission before the law, hb , was passed.
__label__non_math	0.9969	here s the latest ios column : what makes a winner? which qualities define a champion? on this day of days, when the matrons of middle england will light a candle for andy murray, and say a silent prayer for his salvation, such questions are loaded with an almost mystical relevance. there s no god particle in sport, no higgs bosun effect on the centre court. this isn t a eureka moment for british tennis, whatever the lta s opportunists and apologists claim. it s a man at work. there s a huge contrast between the twee rituals of wimbledon and the elemental individualism of murray s sport. his closed character, which encourages perceptions of surliness and self-absorption, is an asset. generations of ideal son-in-laws have been found wanting in such a gladiatorial environment. recurrent controversies, a reflection of the moral ambivalence of modern sport, tell us virtue is not necessarily rewarded with victory. no one can win grand slams, as roger federer has done, by being as innocent as a country curate. the swiss is where he is, because of who he is. he embodies the six cs character, commitment, competitiveness, composure, consistency and confidence found in the dna spiral of successful elite athletes. he is the finished article, graceful, lithe, popular and powerful. he presents the perfect image, manages to disguise the aggressive narcissism which has been channelled into his attempt to return to number one. to match him, and end the genuflection before the legend of fred perry, murray must reach a higher state of consciousness, play with forensic intelligence, and a controlled fury. he must channel a pathological hatred of failure into positive energy, ignoring the distraction of a supportive crowd while remaining open to its benefits. winners are exceptionally driven individuals. academic studies show they share an acute attention to detail, an acknowledgement of their accountability, and an obsession with marginal improvement. will tends to be more important than skill. the best play in a vacuum, blocking out random chance and human error. a momentary lapse in concentration such as that, at the start of the third set, which threatened murray in his semi final against jo wilfried tsonga can leave an athlete flat, and fragile. it is vital to refocus quickly. only at the point of victory, can murray succumb to humanity. the demons will be chirping in his ear this morning, seeking self doubt. steve peters calls it the phenomenon of the inner chimp. we first met before the athens olympics, when his day job was as a clinical psychologist, at rampton high security hospital. he s now sport s mind mechanic of choice, working wonders with olympic champions, like chris hoy and victoria pendleton. the england rugby team is his new pet project. intriguingly, given his experience of peeling away the layers of a mass murderer s personality, peters highlights the mildly psychopathic tendencies of many elite athletes. they are ruthless, strategic in their behaviour. they take tough decisions with little remorse, become conditioned to manipulating those around them, and ignore anxiety, in stressful situations. those traits are a reflection of supreme self-confidence. winners have a deep-seated belief in their ability to prevail, which can manifest itself as arrogance. it does not necessarily make for an easy life. roy keane, for example, needed to win, but was contemptuous of the concept of heroism, and personal glory. some, like ayrton senna before his premature death in , seek spiritual solace, a divine dimension to their work. others retain an emotional connection with their childhood. wayne gretsky, ice hockey s biggest icon, skated endlessly on a rink built by his father and illuminated by lights, strung on a wire from a neighbours garage. he says, simply: the feelings of that backyard never left me. murray s journey began in the scottish border town of dunblane, which has as much in common with wimbledon as ulan bator. is it too much to hope it will be completed today, in suburbia s sacred temple? keep calm, and carry on, constance. groundhog day starred yet another badge-kissing, soundbite-spewing footballer, using ambition as a masking agent for avarice. robin van persie s poison-pen letter to arsenal was particularly smug, painfully transparent. but its unintended consequence was mildly amusing. enter, stage left, alisher usmanov, the uzbek billionaire, who has the charm and physical characteristics of jabba the hut. he railed against the discreet greed of old school types, like lady nina bracewell-smith, who made 116m from her inherited arsenal shares. peter hill-wood, arsenal s old etonian chairman, gallantly rushed to her defence, before admitting his windfall, a mere .5m, was nice . usmanov s criticism of the club s strategy was opportunist, but, in a wider sense, he had a point. boardroom warriors won t get out of bed for less than eight figures, when it comes to selling the family silver. martin edwards took 120million out of manchester united. david moores left liverpool with a heavy heart, and 88m. john hall, self-styled father of the geordie nation, sold his interests in newcastle united for 95m. freddie shepherd, his chum, had to make do with 50m. they retain airs and graces, and presume a right to speak down to the masses. give me a good old grasping footballer, any day. danny dyer, as every aficionado of car-crash cinema knows, is pwopa nawty. he drops aitches like atom bombs, and has been plugging saturday s pub brawl between david haye and dereck chisora. i m told to expect more violence outside the ring than inside it at upton park. stay safe, geezah.
__label__non_math	0.9989	metropolitan museum of art: chant premiered by jack quartet, . chant premiered by jack quartet the da camera society of los angeles: west coast premiere of chant, jack quartet, . atlas performing arts center in washington d.c., michael harrison piano maya beiser cello , works from time loops cd, . atlas performing arts center in washington d.c. selected past events pianist kimball gallagher performs jaunpuri on extensive tour of india and s.e. asia, october november, . bang on a can marathon held at the winter garden as a part of river to river festival, nyc: premiere of just ancient loops by cellist, maya beiser with film by bill morrison, . just ancient loops premiere centre pompidou in paris: the bragdon pavilion, installation in collaboration with artist loris greaud, paris delhi bombay exhibit, may bang on a can marathon held at the winter garden as a part of river to river festival, nyc: hijaz performed by the young people s chorus of new york city, conducted by francisco nunez, with maya beiser cello , payton macdonald tabla percussion , and the composer keyboard , . bang on a can marathon kaufmann concert hall, 92nd st. y, nyc: premiere of hijaz by the young people s chorus of new york city, conducted by francisco nunez, with maya beiser cello , payton macdonald tabla percussion , and the composer just intonation piano . recorded and broadcast by american public media, hosted by john schaefer, . ypc premiere of hijaz carnegie hall stern auditorium : performing terry riley s in c featuring kronos quartet, with dennis russell davies, so percussion, quartet new generation, wu man, evan ziporyn, philip glass, and vocals by terry riley, michael harrison, joan la barbara, judith sherman, ustad mashkoor ali khan, and others, . new york times review newman center for the performing arts, denver, co, mile high voltage festival: michael harrison performs revelation and collaborates with composer clarinetist evan ziporyn, february -, . tom moon review other minds festival, jewish community center of san francisco, ca: premiere of tone cloudswith del sol string quartet and the composer on just intonation piano, . joshua kosman feature article in san francisco chronicle revelation: music in pure intonation with the composer as pianist unless otherwise indicated spoleto festival, charleston, sc. tim page review music in the morning, vancouver academy of music, vancouver, bc: four concerts with author stuart isacoff engaging the audience about the work s special tuning and its relationship to tuning through its historical context. music in the morning event santa fe new music, center for contemporary art, santa fe, nm. santa fe new music concert wordless music series, new york society for ethical culture, nyc. john melillo review microfest, pierce college, los angeles, ca; joshua pierce, pianist. mark swed review in los angeles times klavier-festival ruhr, wilhelm lehmbruck museum, duisburg, germany world premiere . westfalischer anzeiger review bang on a can marathon held at the winter garden as a part of river to river festival, nyc. bang on a can marathon classical recording foundation awards ceremony, weill hall at carnegie hall, nyc, award presented to the composer by philip glass. merkin concert hall, interpretations series, nyc; joshua pierce, pianist. the american academy in rome, concert and lecture-demonstration bucknell university, rooke recital hall, lewisburg, pa. guild hall, east hampton, ny; joshua pierce, pianist. guild hall concert lincoln center for the performing arts, cci solo flights festival, nyc u.s. premiere solo flights archive chelsea art museum, nyc faust harrison pianos, nyc. terry riley michael harrison concert bang on a can summer institute, massmoca, north adams, ny, lecture-demonstration national public radio tsunami relief pianothon, faust harrison pianos, nyc manhattan school of music, greenfield hall, nyc, lecture-demonstration the world forum, hilton hotel, nyc private concert, brooklyn, ny, stuart isacoff concludes his book temperament a. knopf with this description of the first concert with the revelation tuning from ancient world performances with the composer as pianist palazzo delle esposizioni, rome, italy, quatro pianoforti festival: solo and group recitals with philip glass, terry riley and charlemagne palestine new sounds live, merkin concert hall, nyc, hosted by john schaefer and broadcast live on wnyc colorado college, colorado springs, co, packard hall greenwich house, american festival of microtonal music, nyc soundworks, seattle, wa world premiere north indian classical concerts with michael harrison on vocals, piano or tambura rubin museum of art, nyc, raga cycle : multiple concerts over multiple years of morning, afternoon, evening, and night ragas, with vocalist ustad mashkoor ali khan, and tabla players including pandit samir chatterjee and nitin mitta. rubin museum concert new york society for ethical culture, nyc, all-night concert of indian classical music, with ustad mashkoor ali khan vocals and dibyarka chatterjee tabla cathedral of st. john the divine, synod hall, nyc, all-night concert of indian classical music, with ustad mashkoor ali khan vocals and pandit samir chatterjee tabla manhattan school of music, borden hall, nyc, with zero gravity contemporary music ensemble faust harrison pianos, nyc, night ragas concert with terry riley collaboration with narrations of rumi poetry by shahram shiva, michael harrison as co-composer arranger, performing on piano keyboard, vocals, tamboura, and frame drums, and other musicians symphony space, presented by the world music institute, nyc contemporary museum of art, la jolla, ca, with guest narrator deepak chopra university of n. carolina, chapel hill, nc la monte young s the well-tuned piano dia art foundation, nyc, young s -year retrospective concert series, at the composer s invitation michael became the only other person besides the composer to ever perform this extended work
__label__non_math	0.9896	loops threads dye it - loops threads dye it - large blunt needle - small sharp needle - plastic canvas measuring the canvas plastic canvas is measured by counting the lines in the canvas. these lines are called threads. the canvas shown here is threads wide threads high. stitches come up at and all odd numbers and go down at and all even numbers. tent stitches are formed by crossing once diagonally over the intersections of the canvas. bring your needle up through the bottom of the canvas at , down at , up at down at . repeat. also called a gobelin stitch , this is a basic straight stitch that spans a number of canvas threads rather than intersections. it can be stitched either across or down. this stitch is used to cover the outside edge of the canvas or to join two pieces together. you may have to go in and out of the same opening in order to completely cover the edges, especially in the corners. cross diagonally over the top of the plastic canvas. making the necklace cut a 12x12 piece of canvas. cut a piece of white floss to inches. thread plastic needle by bringing needle to center of strand fold floss in half. stitch on canvas using tent stitches and long stitches, following chart below. after stitching the entire background, cut another floss piece inches long; stitch around outer edges using overcast stitch. you may have to go around a few times to completely cover edges. to make the necklace stings, cut strands of floss to inches. thread the strands through the back of the middle three backstitches near the top of the canvas and tie a knot. use a needle to string beads onto the strands of floss. make sure necklace is desired length before tying a knot in the end and trimming. now your necklace is ready to dye dying the necklace read all instructions before you start. do not add water to the dye powder until you are ready to use it. dye should be applied within minutes of mixing with water or it will begin to lose color intensity. dye will stain skin and clothes, always wear gloves when working with dye. always use dye with adult supervision. dye many projects at the same time since dye mixed with water will begin to fade in minutes. create custom colors by blending and overlapping dyes. do not allow wet dye to rest on unprotected surfaces. wet dye will stain. when you are finished, be sure to clean up your work area thoroughly by removing any excess dye or dye dust as it may stain surfaces or clothes. protect your work area by covering it with plastic trash bags. cover the bags with a layer of paper towels. protect your clothes with an apron or smock and wear gloves. rinse the entire necklace in warm water and pat dry with a paper towel. necklace should be slightly damp when dyeing. while wearing gloves, mix dye by adding water to the dye powder in each applicator bottle. note: adding more water will produce lighter colors, less water will create darker colors. make sure cap is on tight and shake well until dye is dissolved. next, use applicator bottles to apply dye to the bracelet. be careful not to use too much dye as colors may become muddy. use paper towels to blot off excess dye. let the necklace set for or more hours. the longer it sets, the more intense the color will be. after it has set for or more hours, rinse thoroughly with cold water and allow to dry before wearing.
__label__non_math	1.0000	paper craft snowman critters - pattern download button below - paper craft snowman - creatology glitter glue pens - creatology wiggle eyes - glue stick - paper craft snow family - recollections cardstock white - celebrate it ribbon color of choice - scrapbook design and color of choice - recollections tape runner paper craft snowman print and trace patterns download below or design your own snowman on construction paper. cut out shapes. use a glue stick to attach to the background. let dry. glue on wiggle eyes. add snow in the background with silver glitter glue. let dry. paper craft snow family tape together two pieces of white cardstock, making one long piece. fold paper like an accordion, keeping the folds " apart. cut off any extra paper. print and trace snowman pattern download below onto the folded paper. cut out carefully. do not cut the sides where the paper is folded. this is what holds it together. make a copy of your family s photograph and cut out their faces in circles. make sure to enlarge or reduce to your snowman s face size. this may need the help of an adult. use tape runner to attach the face to the snowman. trace the snowman s hat onto different colors of scrapbook paper. tape to the white snowman s hat. tie a ribbon around each snowman s neck. tape down ends of scarf. glue buttons or cut out circles to finish snowman s body. stand up snowman to decorate.
__label__non_math	0.9871	wood candle pillars - pre-cut wood discs, thin medium - pre-cut wood discs, thin large - pre-cut wood discs, thin large pre-cut wood chunk, thick medium - leather lacing - pillar candles cream - glass pillar coasters - floral scraps - low heat glue gun - floral wire cutters step glue three of the thin medium wood discs together, a little offset from each other, in a stack. use photo for reference. step glue the remaining thin medium disc to the bottom of the thick medium wood chunk. step glue the large thin disc to the bottom of the thick wood chunk. step wrap a length of lacing around each candle a couple of times and tie into a square knot. trim loose ends so they are even. step glue floral scraps to wood pedestals to achieve desired look. use photo for reference. step place a glass pillar coaster and pillar candle on top of each pedestal. use a wood burning tool, such as the creative versa-tool , to add interest to the wood. if pre-cut wood pieces are not readily available, cut up some logs from your wood pile into discs and chunks.
__label__non_math	1.0000	please take a moment to review an example of the design process. familiarity will help in cooperatively developing a timeline and project expectations. review design process. discuss project with mike. call 630 812-. review proposal and invoice. submit payment for design fee. review and provide feedback on preliminary project design. review and approve final design. submit payment for service and expenses various terms . launch and share your project monitor, evaluate and improve. michael t. grady. .
__label__non_math	0.9981	sorry, no posts matched your criteria. tip of the day chose only one place to write your book. novelist irvine welsh spies future in mixed-media book talk: of apes and atheists is empathy evolution? critics label dan brown s "inferno" a clunky page-turner dan brown s "inferno" novel in hot demand ahead of release merkel says has no secrets about her communist past
__label__non_math	1.0000	although every attempt is made to ensure the information and content provided is accurate, this application is intended for entertainment purposes only. valid claims are only accepted when a printed wager is presented. prize calculations do not account for winning prizes being split across multiple shares. the official winning numbers and prize amounts are on file at michigan lottery headquarters. to optimize your keno "to go" experience, you should: - be sure your pop-up blocker is turned off; - have the latest version of flash installed on your computer; - play keno "to go" through a high-speed internet connection where you can view streaming video. - download and use firefox web browser for best results.
__label__non_math	0.7973	the ksz8863mll fll rll are highly integrated -port switch on a chip ics in industry s smallest footprint. they are designed to enable a new generation of low port count, cost-sensitive and power efficient 100mbps switch systems. low power consumption, advanced power management and sophisticated qos features e.g., ipv6 priority classification support make these devices ideal for iptv, ip-stb, voip, automotive and industrial applications. the ksz8863 family is designed to support the green requirement in today s switch systems. advanced power management schemes include software power down, per port power down and the energy detect mode that shuts downs the transceiver when a port is idle. ksz8863mll fll rll also offer a by-pass mode, which enables system-level power saving. in this mode, the processor connected to the switch through the mii interface can be shut down without impacting the normal switch operation. the configurations provided by the ksz8863 family enables the flexibility to meet requirements of different applications: - ksz8863mll: two 100base-t tx transceivers and one mii interface. - ksz8863rll: two 100base-t tx transceivers and one rmii interface. - ksz8863fll: one 100base-fx, one 100base-t tx transceivers and one mii interface. the device is available in rohs-compliant -pin lqfp package. industrial-grade and automotive-grade are also available.
__label__math	0.9923	increasing local contrast the previous section showed adjustments to the brightness and contrast of the entire image. the adjustment changes every pixel of original brightness value a to the same final brightness value b, regardless of the pixel s neighbors. another class of operations increases the visibility of local differences between pixels, by suppressing the longer-range variations. these neighborhood functions use a moving neighborhood, usually a small circle, that compares or combines the central pixel and the neighbors to produce a new value that is assigned to the central pixel to construct a new image. then the neighborhood shifts to the next pixel and the process is repeated. these calculations are applied to the pixel brightness values in a color coordinate system such as hsi or lab that leaves the color values unchanged. for instance, local equalization functions just like the histogram equalization procedure, except that it takes place within a moving circular neighborhood and assigns a new value only to the central pixel. the result makes a pixel that is slightly brighter than its surroundings brighter still, and vice-versa, enhancing local contrast. the result is usually added back in some proportion to the original image to produce a more visually pleasing result, as shown in the local equalization interactive java tutorial. sharpening of images to increase local contrast is almost universally applied by publishers to counter the visual blurring effect of halftoning images in the printing process. this is usually done by a convolution using a kernel of weights, just as the gaussian smoothing function shown above. but in this application, some of those weights will have negative values. for instance, the laplacian sharpening filter in table combines each pixel with its eight adjacent neighbors as shown in the laplacian sharpening interactive java tutorial. a more flexible extension of this basic idea is the widely used and as often misused unsharp mask. the name derives from a century-old darkroom procedure that required printing the original image at :magnification but out of focus onto another piece of film this was the unsharp mask , and then placing the two films together to print the final result. where the original negative was dense, the mask was not and vice versa so that little light was transmitted, except near detail and edges where the mask was out of focus. the same effect can be produced in the computer by applying a gaussian blur to a duplicate of the original and then subtracting it from the original. the difference between the two images is just the detail and edges removed by the blurring. the original image is then added back to the difference to increase the visibility of the details while suppressing the overall image contrast. in the unsharp masking interactive java tutorial, the result image is automatically scaled to the range of the display so that negative values that can result from the calculation are not lost. one of the characteristics of the unsharp mask is the formation of bright and dark haloes adjacent to the dark and bright borders respectively of structure in the image. this increases their visibility, but can hide other nearby information. a related approach using neighborhood ranking rather than gaussian blurring alleviates this problem. the method applies a median filter to remove fine detail, subtracts this from the original to isolate the detail, and then adds the original image back to enhance the visibility as shown in the rank masking interactive java tutorial. this method is called a rank mask, but is sometimes incorrectly referred to as a top hat filter the real top hat is shown below . note that all of these local enhancement methods are very noise sensitive, because both random speckle and shot noise produce pixels that are different from their local neighborhood. image noise must be removed before enhancement is attempted, or the visibility of the noise will be increased as shown in the comparison of local contrast enhancement methods interactive java tutorial. the top hat filter is also a based on neighborhood ranking, but unlike the procedure above it uses the ranked value from two different size regions. the brightest value in a circular interior region is compared to the brightest value in a surrounding annular region. if the brightness difference exceeds a threshold level, it is kept otherwise it is erased . the top hat filter interactive java tutorial shows the filter s operation. if the interior and annular regions are drawn as shown in the diagram in figure , the reason for the filter name becomes apparent. the interior region is the crown and the threshold is its height, while the surrounding annulus is the brim of the hat. this operation is particularly well suited for finding the spikes in fourier transform power spectra, as illustrated previously. the top hat is also good for locating any features of a known size by adjusting the radius of the crown. objects too large to fit into the crown of the hat are selectively removed. reversing the logic to use the darkest values in both regions enables the same procedure to isolate dust or other dark features. by replacing the interior value by the mean of the surroundings, the dust can be selectively removed. in this application, shown in the rolling ball filter interactive java tutorial, the method is called a rolling ball filter. john c. russ - materials science and engineering dept., north carolina state university, raleigh, north carolina, . matthew parry-hill and michael w. davidson - national high magnetic field laboratory, east paul dirac dr., the florida state university, tallahassee, florida, . questions or comments? send us an email. by michael w. davidson, john russ, olympus america inc., and the florida state university. . no images, graphics, scripts, or applets may be reproduced or used in any manner without permission from the this website is maintained by our
__label__non_math	0.9898	of the giant squid scientifically known as architeuthis dux, is the largest of all invertebrates. scientists believe it can be as long as metres feet . this specimen was collected by dr gordon williamson who worked as the resident ships biologist for the whaling company salvesons. he examined the stomach contents of 250 sperm whales physeter macrocephalus keeping the largest squid beak and discarding the smaller until he ended up with this magnificent specimen.
__label__non_math	1.0000	congratulations to rigby s entertainment complex for a successful opening in warner robins, ga the more than ,000-square-foot facility includes a bowling alley, a skating rink, a restaurant, an arcade, giant tvs, a two-floor laser tag arena and an upstairs balcony lounge where dad can have a cold beer. check out microsale s facebook page to see some photos. we will be exhibiting at the pizza expo in las vegas march 19th-21st. we will have our booth set up with ipads, androids, and terminals to show you how microsale can work in your restaurant come visit us in booth las vegas convention center north exhibit halls , and las vegas, nevada tuesday: a.m. p.m. wednesday: a.m. p.m. thursday: a.m. p.m. from all of us at microsale, happy thanksgiving we are very thankful for all of our customers, resellers, and you for visiting our website the university of miami has named wingstop the preferred wings of the miami hurricanes, meaning students, alumni and fans will receive exclusive offers and giveaways at the wingstop restaurants throughout south florida. wingstop will also host a vip pregame tailgate at the miami vs. fsu showdown in october and co-host the sideline club during all home games. wings and sports are a winning combination, and the university of miami, its students and hurricane sports fans are an integral part of the miami community, rod stokes, president of the wingstop south florida advertising cooperative, said in a company press release. hurricane sports has one of the most accomplished college athletic programs in the nation. we believe this is a perfect partnership and are excited to join the team and support the university. wingstop holds official wing status with grambling state university and the university of memphis tigers, as well as the dallas cowboys, los angeles lakers and the los angeles dodgers. hall of fame quarterback and fox sportscaster troy aikman has served as the company s spokesman since . we will be attending rspa s retailnow convention in las vegas july 29th through august 1st. come to booth 739 to chat with three of our representatives. what is retailnow? retailnow is the premier convention and expo for all professionals in the retail technology industry. retailnow is where the industry meets each year to become educated on new business trends, emerging technologies and best business practices along with exploring a diverse exhibit hall with more than 150 booths featuring the latest products in the retail technology industry. this show is a must attend for all levels of retail technology professionals. welcome to the new microsale website. we have recently re-designed our layout to provide ease of access to all the important information that matters most to you. please enjoy your stay and navigate through the new website. if you have any questions or concerns feel free to contact us at any time.
__label__non_math	0.9992	microsoft rtvideo and microsoft rtaudio codec porting kits rtvideo and rtaudio codecs are real-time microsoft video and audio codecs developed for the windows live messenger, microsoft office communications server , microsoft office communicator , and microsoft office live meeting platforms. the rtaudio codec is designed for both high-quality wideband and narrowband voice over ip voip applications, including applications such as games, audio conferencing, and wireless applications. the rtvideo codec provides high-quality, efficient, and robust real-time video communication over ip networks. the rtvideo codec is based on the smpte vc-codec and includes system-level enhancements for recovery of packet loss on ip networks. rtvideo and rtaudio codecs allow third-party implementation of the codecs to expand on interoperability with microsoft real-time communication platforms. the rtaudio encoder is capable of encoding single-channel mono , -bit per sample audio signals. it can be configured to operate in narrowband -kilohertz khz sampling rate or wideband modes -khz sampling rate . it also has a built-in adaptive jitter control and advanced packet loss concealment modules. high-quality video and audio can be delivered between the microsoft real-time communication platform and other standards-based video conferencing solutions. the following resources provide more information about rtvideo and rtaudio codecs:
__label__non_math	0.9574	please select your check-in date using the calendar below. all room rates shown below are in this means the lowest non-qualified, publicly available rate on the internet for the hotel, date and accommodations requested in the americas only. this does not include group rates, packaged rates, negotiated rates or rates that require membership in a particular group lowest available nightly rates are displayed for days from the date of the initial search today . for more available rates past days, enter your search criteria on the left to see rooms and rates. there is no availability for this hotel for the date. either enter you search criteria to the left to see other dates and availability or continue shopping
__label__non_math	1.0000	sonal chauhan invited to malaysian grand prix in sepang her recent release 3g with neil nitin mukesh may have proved to be a dud but that has not put sonal chauhan in a glum mood the actress who flaunted her hot bod in the film is basking in the glory of her sexy new avatar. sonal has now been invited to attend the f1 malaysian grand prix which is being held from march -. says a source, the organisers wanted a young and sexy actor to represent the new and young bollywood. the team had met sonal in december when she was invited to malaysia for a high-profile event along with shah rukh khan. when the thought of bringing in a female actress from bollywood came up, they thought of her. sonal who is an ardent f1 fan jumped at the offer and is all set to take off for sepang where the race is held. as reported sonal flies high hitlist, december , the actress had accompanied srk on a private jet to attend birthday celebrations of former malaysian prime minister mahathir bin mohamad in malaysia. the source adds, she had met a lot of bigwigs at the event including the organisers of the f1 race who have extended an invitation to her. though she is exhausted with the travelling for the promotions of her film, there is no way she could miss the f1 races. after the event, she plans to take a short holiday there too with some pals.
__label__non_math	1.0000	over ,000 pounds of halal meat and poultry donated by midamar cedar rapids, ia midamar corporation donated over ,000 pounds of meat and poultry to local charities this past week. this is part of the company s ongoing commitment to giving back in gratitude to its community. established in in cedar rapids iowa, midamar was the first food company in the usa to coordinate with usda in the development of halal standards and processes in usda inspected and approved processing facilities. since then, midamar has become a globally recognized halal brand and leading exporter of usa produced halal protein products. being a local food company, our aim is to do what we can to combat hunger in our own community. it is disheartening that in iowa, the heart of agricultural production in the midwest, there are still many community members that are under nourished and in need of food, said jalel aossey, director at midamar. midamar donated hundreds of cases of protein products to several organizations including, the hawkeye area community action program hacap , seeds for seniors, the lutheran camp, camp courageous, green square meals, waypoint services for women, children and families, st. vincent depaul, catholic worker house, and the larry nelson center. both volunteers and employees of local charitable organizations filled their freezers with thousands of pounds of veal and beef bacon, turkey salami, and breaded chicken wings. according to katherine, at st. vincent depaul in cedar rapids, in five days we packaged and distributed over boxes of food to needy families and individuals and there is still plenty left to give in the future . maggie hotz picked up chicken products and beef bacon for the lutheran center mission, waypoint services for women, children and families, and the lutheran camp. we have used the bacon on our breakfast bar at the camp, as well as in stews and casseroles. donations like this really help us to keep our costs lower, and the participants in the camp loved the addition of delicious bacon to their breakfast. waypoint feeds lots and lots of kids during the summer months. i know this donation is helpful for them, stated holtz. contributions like this really help the community and make a difference , she added. last year, midamar won the "distinguished community service award" from the usda's center for faith based and neighborhood partnerships. midamar was the first company in america to receive the usda award "for exemplary work in providing halal food options for muslims in america and around the world." we are very grateful to be able to build our business here in iowa and to contribute to the betterment of our community. giving food to neighborhood charities last week was extra special this year, as it was the first day of ramadan, a month of generosity, reflection and giving to the less fortunate," explained jalel aossey, director of midamar. midamar corporation is the pioneer and leader in halal food services. midamar provides halal food production and distribution, export management for us companies, and export services to restaurant concepts locating throughout the middle east, south east asia, and the far east. additionally, midamar corporation offers consulting services to us based companies who are expanding their business internationally. founded in , midamar is centrally located in cedar rapids, iowa, united states. for more information visit for more information contact: ph 319 362
__label__non_math	0.9985	check out the -minute career clips online workshops at the bottom of this page for a brief step-by-step guide to conducting a networking conversation. make it count before you make that contact or attend a networking event, be sure that you are practiced and confident in your networking skills. know yourself: your competencies and relevant skills. know what you want to learn about: which industry or career area interests you. why network? three compelling reasons . most job opportunities percent are uncovered through networking: more jobs are found this way than through the "want ads," or company websites, or even through online job-listing sites. although you'll want to use all of these channels in your job search, your time is best invested in networking and developing personal connections through your growing network. . most job hunters don't know enough about the jobs they are pursuing: networking to gather this information enables you to better articulate why you are a good "fit" for the job and this makes you a more competitive candidate. . hiring is risky and expensive for employers: if you are referred to an employer by someone that person knows and trusts, then you are a "safer bet" and a more attractive candidate. your two goals for networking - gather "insider" career information and advice from people who work in the career area or company that you've targeted as your interest. - gain referrals connections to other people who can also provide career advice and information. before you start - identify your career-related interests, skills, and values to establish a meaningful discussion with your networks. the list of core professional competencies will help you identify the skills you ve developed as a liberal arts student. - research industries and companies, using the eia career library. - identify appropriate contacts in the industries and or companies that interest you, using middnet, professors, family, friends, etc. networking does not mean asking for a job networking is an essential part of your job-search strategy, but asking directly for a job is not effective networking. this is true for a number of reasons: . to ask directly will likely be off-putting to your contact, who might feel put on the spot. unless the person knows you, why would she be willing to risk her reputation by referring you to a job lead? on the other hand, nearly everyone is willing to share information and advice with you. ask for, and learn from, the information and advice offered you and if the contact is impressed with you and your conversation, and if she does know of a job lead, she may then be inclined to share that lead with you. . if you ask directly for a job and if the answer to your question is "no," then the conversation becomes a dead end. this misses the opportunity to create a connection with the person or to gain other referrals to other potential contacts. . limiting your networking connections only to those contacts whom you think may have job leads for you, severely limits the number of connections you can make and hampers your ability to gain important information and advice about the industry, field, or company that you are researching. remember, letting people know that you are looking for a job is not the same as asking them for a job step-by-step guides for "how to network" to network effectively, you'll need to be prepared and comfortable for both types of networking: the informal networking conversation happens in any social setting family gatherings, weddings, college events, etc. or any professional gathering networking events, conferences, meetings, etc. where you might be asked the question, "what do you do?" or "what kind of work do you want to do?" for these informal situations, be ready with your prepared "elevator speech." don't leave home without it the planned networking interview is a scheduled, brief conversation by phone or in person that you have requested of someone, in which you ask prepared questions in order to gather information about the person's career field, industry, job, or company. for the networking interview aka the informational interview , you'll need a concise "script" for how to talk about yourself and a prepared set of questions that you wish to ask. click here for some samples, illustrating how to write the introductory e-mail or letter to request an informational interview. check out these -minute career clips below for a brief step-by-step guide to conducting a networking conversation: click here for tips on how to develop and use your elevator speech. get a helpful template to use in crafting your elevator speech. see how the elevator speech works and how to incorporate it into the normal flow of a conversation.
__label__non_math	0.9801	banner elk, n.c. lincoln memorial university junior forward mario pinto has been named the daktronics ncaa division ii southeast region men s soccer player of the year. pinto can add his daktronics all-southeast region first team selection and region player of the year honor to a growing list of laurels from the season. he was named the south atlantic conference player of the year and all-sac first team at the conclusion of the regular season. mario came to realize these honors following one of the most impressive statistical seasons in the history of lincoln memorial university men s soccer. pinto headlined the railsplitters offense, ranked 18th-nationally at the conclusion of their season, with a sac-leading goals, seven game-winning goals, points and shots on goal. pinto also ranked second in the league in shots with , while finishing sixth in assists with five on the season. the uberlandia, brazil, native also broke onto the national scene ranking second in all of ncaa division ii in points per game . , total points , goals per game . and total goals . pinto s campaign will be remembered as one of the greatest individual performances in lmu men s soccer history, as his goals is sixth on the all-time single season record list at lmu. he also ranks second in game-winning scores , third in shots per game . and fourth in goals per game . for his efforts during the season. in just two seasons spent with the railsplitters, mario has etched his name throughout the all-time record book in the storied history of men s soccer at lincoln memorial. with one season left to bolster his resume, pinto sits in second in shots per game . and shots on goal per game . , third in points per game . , third in goals per game . , fourth in shots on goal , fourth in game-winning goals and seventh in goals . mario tallied four hat tricks this season and recorded more than one goal on two other occasions. pinto notched back-to-back hat tricks against tusculum college and brevard college to lead lmu to -and -victories. pinto had a pair of three-goal, one-assist outings at king on sept. and at queens on oct. for a season-high seven points in each of those appearances. mario was the catalyst for a railsplitter squad that finished the season with a --mark, advancing all the way to the championship match of the food lion south atlantic conference tournament before falling in the waning seconds to anderson university. lmu was the last team left out of the ncaa division ii southeast region tournament. the daktronics ncaa division ii all-southeast region teams are voted on by the sports information directors of the southeast region. the region is comprised of the conference carolinas, the peach belt conference and the south atlantic conference. as an all-southeast region first team selection, mario pinto is now eligible for daktronics ncaa division ii all-america honors.
__label__non_math	1.0000	christmas in odessa is returning for its 48th year dec. . the annual event, which is hosted by the women's club of odessa, will begin at a.m. dec. and continue throughout the day with fun and festivities for everyone. there will be crafts, fresh greens, food, treats, teas and antiques. christmas d cor and materials for greens demonstrations will also be on sale. tickets will be to tour the historic homes and buildings of odessa, which will be pen until p.m. carolers will be strolling the streets and once the sun falls, the houses will be lit by candle, making for a magical day and evening. with construction on the odessa fire hall still going on, some of the festivities have been moved to different areas in town. crafts will be available at the old cantwell school on u.s. route on south 6th street just south of main street, fresh greens will be at the fieldstone stable behind 202 main street and luncheon treats will be at the st. paul's church on main street. tea will be served and antiques will also be for sale at st. paul's. sales of christmas d cor and the materials for greens decorations, which will also be demonstrated in the fieldstone stable during the day, will benefit the women's club of odessa. this year's holiday exhibit will feature the historic odessa foundation's corbit-sharp house, which will be decorated based on author washington irving's sleepy hollow fame. tickets can be purchased in advance for through the month of november at hatton's jewelry clock and repair on main street in middletown between thursday and saturday or at the historic odessa foundation at the bank, located on 2nd and main streets in odessa, thursday through saturday from a.m. to p.m. and sunday p.m. to p.m. proceeds from the event will go towards five ,000 scholarships and preservation of the women's club building old st. paul's in odessa.
__label__non_math	1.0000	check out what s hot online right now. hot video: shakira has given birth to son milan, her first child with boyfriend gerard pique. trending topic: shia labeouf acid actor shia labeouf told mtv that he took acid as research for a role in the necessary death of charlie countryman. while at the sundance film festival, labeouf also said he took video of himself tripping and showed it to co-star evan rachel wood. check this out: michelle obama eye roll the famous eye roll that michelle obama apparently gave speaker of the house john boehner at the inaugural luncheon was allegedly in response to boehner joking about cigarettes. according to a lip reader, boehner a smoker asked president barack obama a former smoker for a cigarette, and when obama said no, boehner said, somebody won t let you do it, referring to michelle obama. she wasn t pleased. boehner s reps have denied that was what was said. gatehouse news service
__label__non_math	1.0000	your daily news briefing, with the video of the day, top news and quote of the day. quote of note "this one doesn't come along every day. this is going to be a dangerous winter storm." - alan dunham, meteorologist for the ntional weather service in taunton, mass. a blizzard is set to hit the east coast, and could possibly have snowfalls of to feet from new york city to boston. news to know the super bowl power outage has finally been explained, cnn reports. utility company entergy new orleans announced that they had traced the outage to an electrical relay device meant to protect superdome equipment. the device triggered when it shouldn't have, causing the partial power outage. while the company is unsure of what caused the mlafunction, they say they have taken steps to ensure it won't happen again. hot video: next generation of drones being tested gatehouse news service
__label__non_math	0.9973	word of the day, website of the day, number to know, this day in history, today s featured birthday and daily quote. word of the day linchpin linch-pin noun a locking pin inserted crosswise as through the end of an axle or shaft ; one that serves to hold together parts or elements that exist or function as a unit - website of the day there are plenty of mommy blogs out there, but what about the dads? this blog is full of parenting tips often accompanied by humorous stories , fun videos, shopping advice yes, really , commentary and more. number to know : age of john belushi when he died, which happened on this date in . this day in history : great depression: president franklin d. roosevelt declares a "bank holiday," closing all u.s. banks and freezing all financial transactions. today s featured birthday actress eva mendes today you are you
__label__non_math	1.0000	bear empire compound bow - slick trick magnum fixed blade broadhead pack of ... .select options - trophy ridge whisker biscuit quick shot arrow rest... .select options - jim fletcher trupeep bow peep sight aluminum... .select options - nap killzone trophy tip mechanical broadhead... .select options - scott archery shark bow release buckle wrist strap mossy oak... .available - real avid toolio bow tuning system... .available - skb hybrid compound bow case " nylon and polymer black... .available - s13 single cam - perfect mix of speed and balance - smooth draw cycle - 330 fps ibo for those of you who demand speed, a silky smooth draw cycle and a vibration free shot but prefer a single cam design, bear archery introduces the empire. this bow has all of the same great features of the motive series of bows but features the s13 single cam design for the ultimate in reliability. lightweight, fast, shock free and a silky smooth draw cycle that will please the most discriminating archer. the perfect mix of speed and accuracy with the ease of tuning and low maintenance of a single cam, the empire is truly a bowhunter's bow - max pre-load limbs - 4x4 roller guard - contra-band hp strings and cables - stainless steel stabilizer bushing - customizable grip - zero-tolerance limb pockets - s13 single cam - no bow press required for length adjustments - " draw length adjustments - made in the usa - ibo speed rating: 330 fps - axle-to-axle length: " - mass weight: lb - let off: - brace height: " - draw length range: " to " - draw length modules included: yes, rotating module - cam type: s13 single cam - riser material: aluminum
__label__non_math	0.8111	build your own camera gyro-stabilizer with a spare hard drivewritten by mike on the most extreme camera operators use a gyro attachment for their camera to get smooth, steady shots. this applies to both still and motion video photography. the attachment works by two internal gyroscopes spinning in opposite directions, creating an x-y stabilization pattern. in an rough, rocky environment helicopters, boats, deadliest catch , the gyroscopic effect holds the camera steady, resulting in a much smoother shot. you can buy camera gyros from places like kenyon laboratories, however such high precision results in a seriously high price tag they can easily cost over k. or, if you have a couple external hard drives laying around, plus some usb phone chargers and a few scraps of wood, you can assemble your own lightweight gyro assembly following the steps in this great instructable. two things to try: -use . laptop drives for size they may not have enough mass to stabilize anything larger than the smallest pocket cameras -putting the drives in-line instead of a 90 offset update: bobs, the designer of this gyro system has posted instructions and samples for a much smaller single-drive gyro system and it looks like it works pretty well.
__label__non_math	1.0000	toledo pitcher andy oliver earned his first win of the season on monday night, throwing six innings with seven strike outs and just two earned runs. ryan strieby and brad eldred provided the fireworks from the plate for the mud hens, each with a homer in the -win over the clippers. columbus starter, toru murata, lasted four innings giving up three earned runs on five hits. kyle landis came in on relief for murata but gave up two runs in just three innings. the hens got off to a hot start, grabbing the early lead with a moon shot from strieby, which carried well over the center field wall. second baseman eric patterson and outfielder jerad head each added to the lead with sacrifice flies in the bottom of the third and fourth innings. as oliver continued to roll through the columbus line-up, the toledo bats stretched the lead as brad eldred blasted his ninth home run of the season over the center field wall to make it -. oliver ran into trouble in the seventh as he walked the first two batters, causing manager phil nevin to call on matt hoffman to get toledo out of the jam. however, the clippers capitalized on a mud hen error, a sacrifice fly and a wild pitch to cut the lead to just two runs. brayan villarreal and chris bootcheck worked the final three innings, giving up no runs, giving toledo the narrow victory. the hens and clippers open their series on tuesday night in columbus with first pitch scheduled for p.m. - the mud hens won two out of three in the short home stand with the clippers. - chris bootcheck was credited with this second save of the season. - brooks brown -, .era is scheduled to start for toledo on tuesday.
__label__non_math	0.6539	jaw-dropping low rates on mortgages and auto loans are tempting even the most cautious borrowers to take the plunge and try to get a loan to buy a home or car, or refinance the ones they have. but can those great rates you see advertised be trusted? how do you know whether the interest rate you are paying -- or being offered -- is a good one? before we look at specific types of loans, here are a few overarching principles that apply to all types of loans: check your credit. for most loans, your credit scores are going to determine which interest rate tier you fall into. those with great credit scores will typically snag the best deals on auto loans, mortgages, credit cards and certain student loans. fico scores above 760 usually get borrowers the best rates while vantagescore credit scores above 700 are usually considered prime. of course, every lender sets its own standards. but don t be discouraged if you credit is good, but not great. the good news is that credit is not the impediment for the majority of borrowers, says greg mcbride, senior financial analyst for bankrate.com. for anyone with a credit score of 700 or better you are going to get the best rate you ve ever seen. you ll still have plenty of bragging rights. watch out for fees. while a low rate may be appealing, it can lose its value when fees are piled onto the loan. with rates so low, the strategy we are seeing for consumers is not to look so much at the rate but to avoid fees, says james royal, vice president, director of marketing for informa research services inc. avoiding fees can help you save money. when you can, get a fixed-rate loan rather than one with a variable rate that can change in the future. interest rates will eventually start to rise again, so locking in a low rate now is a smart strategy. this may not always be possible, however. most credit cards, for example, only offer variable interest rates. go for fixed rates. shop online and off. for most loans, it makes sense to shop online as well as with your local financial institution. do your homework online, says royal. then talk to your financial institution. a lot of banks are trying to offer incentives in order to change consumer behavior, such as having your mortgage at the same place where you have your checking account, he explains. according to federal reserve data, the average rate on all credit cards is . , while the average rate charged to cardholders with a balance is . . but credit card rates can vary widely. according to informa research service s weekly interest rate review for july , the national average rewards card was . , but the highest rate was . and the lowest came in at . . but to get the best rate you ll need stellar credit. the iberiabank visa classic card, for example, offers a variable rate as low as . , but requires you have a strong credit score and be able to document your income. if your current credit card rate seems high, consider transferring the balance to one of your existing cards or a new one. just watch out for hefty balance transfer fees that can total -- of the transferred amount. according to the federal reserve, the average -month new car loan rate is . . the credit union national association daily rate comparison puts the average -year new auto loan rate from banks at . versus . through credit unions. informa research service s july interest rate review places the national average four-year used auto loan rate at . , with the highest rate at . and the lowest at . . car loan rates are certainly better than at the depths of the recession, says caroll lachnit, features editor and consumer advice expert for edmunds.com. even consumers with poor credit are able to get back into the market. lachnit recommends consumers shop for financing before they shop for their car. otherwise you could fall victim to the yo-yo financing trap where you think that you ve done the deal but then you find out the dealer couldn t do the deal. paying a higher rate on your car loan now but not ready to trade it in? consider trying to refinance to a lower rate. just make sure that by doing so you reduce the interest rate substantially without stretching out the remaining term on the loan, warns mcbride. if you have three years left on your loan, don t refinance any longer than three years. if you have federal student loans or plan on using them to finance your education, understand that you can t shop around for rates since they are set under the federal direct loan program. you can get a complete chart of rates for federal student loans at the department of education s website. for new loans there is only one way to reduce the rate and that s to sign up for auto debit, says mark kantrowitz, publisher of finaid.org. in other words, you may be able to get a small reduction in your interest rate if you agree to have your payments automatically deducted from your bank account. your credit score won t be a factor in determining the rate you pay for a federal student loan. a good credit history is not a qualification for getting stafford loans, and plus loans require that you don t have an adverse credit history no current delinquency of or more days and other negative items in the last five years , kantrowitz explains. private loans are another matter. most private loans carry variable interest rates and the interest rate you ll pay will depend on your credit score. borrowers are clustered into tiers based on credit scores, says kantrowitz. but you can t find out the credit score ranges for those tiers in advance because that s considered competitive data. you have to apply and get a credit check before they will tell you how much they will charge, he warns, adding that the best rates go to about of borrowers, while two-thirds get the worst rates. your best bet for getting the best student loan rate? max out federal loans first, and be cautious when applying for private loans. shop around, and do so in a short period of time to minimize any impact to your credit scores. when lenders access your score it creates an inquiry on your credit report, which can hurt your credit score. but certain types of inquiries are grouped together so you can have any number of inquiries of a certain type and they will only count as one, and student loans tend to fall into that category, says barry paperno, community director for credit.com. so it s a good idea to do your student loan shopping in a short period of time; ideally within a fourteen day period but definitely within a -day period. the length of time these inquiries are counted as one vary by scoring models, and you won t know which one a lender uses. a list of private student loan lenders and the range of interest rates they charge is available at finaid.org. the credit union national association lists the average -year fixed conforming mortgage rate at . through credit unions, and . fixed through banks as of july . according to bankrate.com, the average national average interest rate is . with .points. the national average for a -year fixed mortgage loan was . , but a survey of of the top 200 lenders by informa research services, inc. as of july interest rate review put the average rate at . , illustrating the difference among various lenders surveyed. of all the types of consumer loan rates, mortgage rates can be the most confusing. that s because so many factors come into play. first; mortgage rates vary every single day. they fluctuate based upon many factors inside the us and worldwide, says joseph kelly, president of arcloan.com. secondly; mortgage rates vary based upon cost. on any given day, there are a variety of interest rates available where the borrower may get a lower rate by paying additional cost, or higher rates which can even include a lender credit to the borrower. he illustrates that point with this example: in today s market a qualified borrower might obtain a -year fixed rate of . apr . for a mortgage of ,000. or the same borrower might choose a rate of . apr . with no closing costs. in the case of the . the lender is giving the borrower a credit for the closing costs. is it worth paying approximately per month in this example? that depends on how long you expect to be in the property and what you expect interest rates do in the next few years. it is rarely a black and white decision, which is why it is important to work with a lender who will help you make the right one. in fact, mortgage loan costs can be so complicated that improved mortgage loan disclosures was one of the first tasks the consumer financial protection bureau tackled. while those forms are still in development, you can use them as a guideline when you shop for a loan. if you are shopping for a new mortgage loan or to refinance your current loan, be sure to ask about points and closing costs as well as the interest rate. at publishing time, the iberiabank visa classic card is offered through credit.com product pages and credit.com may be compensated if our users apply for and ultimately sign up for this card. however, this relationship does not result in any preferential editorial treatment. credit.com provides readers with unique insight, helpful tips and straight answers about their financial world. our team of reporters and experts explore credit, loans, debt, saving, and identity theft topics, all designed to help you make smarter financial decisions. visit credit.com to sign up for your free credit report card and find out where you stand today i love tricare i think it is great insurance. however, there are times when tricare doesn t cover all your costs, expecially if you are a retiree or using tricare standard. as a result, several companies and organizations offer tricare supplemental insurance policies. a tricare supplemental insurance policy covers some or all of the ...
__label__non_math	0.9919	last edited by c.puffs; at . ready for fly and the cool thing about this one is they're all nuclear-powered. host your images gentlemen, no hotlinking. turkish soldiers walk in the mountains during the operation in
__label__non_math	0.9986	late stage delinquency assistance late stage delinquency occurs when a borrower is more than 240 but less than 361 days delinquent on student loans. the miller college financial aid office receives periodic reports from nslds which show the various stages of delinquency for individual borrowers. upon receipt of these reports, the dean of student services and financial aid sends letters to the former students listed on the report to inform them of their delinquency status, along with the consequences for defaulting on a student loan, including ineligibility for additional federal financial aid, reporting to the credit bureau, garnishment of federal income tax refunds, etc. the letter encourages these borrowers to contact their lender and work out payment arrangements to avoid future problems. note: students entering miller college with defaulted student loans from prior institutions are not eligible to receive federal financial aid. therefore, the student s financial aid record is not processed until the defaulted loan status has been resolved. satisfactory academic progress and attendance policies see college website the miller college policy for satisfactory academic progress is designed to assist the student in meeting and maintaining a level of achievement that will assure reasonable progress toward graduation. miller college expects each student to accept the responsibility of maintaining the required minimum .gpa on a .scale. a student who falls below a cumulative .gpa on a .scale will be placed on academic probation. credit earned at another institution may not be used to clear probationary status at miller college. if a student on academic probation fails to earn a semester gpa of .or better at miller college, he she will be suspended from the college for one semester. after one semester, a student suspended from miller college may seek re-instatement to the college by completing the re-instatement to miller college form available in the student services office. the student is also required to meet with an advisor. if readmitted, the student will remain on academic probation until he she achieves a cumulative grade point average overall gpa of .. a re-instated student who fails to earn a semester gpa of .or better will be dismissed from the college. note: students enrolled in the binda school of education should review the separate standards of academic progress for the binda school of education found in the school of education section of the catalog. note: students enrolled in the rn to bsn program should review the separate standards of academic progress for the program. students receiving financial aid should review the financial aid satisfactory academic progress sap policy. contact the financial aid office for more information on how sap affects financial aid eligibility. designed and created by ddm marketing communications.
__label__math	0.6295	dr. sharmin maswood dr. sharmin maswood adjunct professor, general and cell biology. phone: 717 871- bs, ms: university of dhaka ph.d. texas woman's university biol 100 general biology lecture and lab biol 472 seminar in biology areas of specialization: neurochemistry and behavioral pharmacology. i am interested in studying female's enhanced vulnerability to mood disorders such as anxiety and depression. in particular i am interested in targeting neural mechanisms that may be responsible for the gender disparity involved in such mood disorders. my primary research focus is to study behavioral and neurochemical changes in female rats after pharmacological interventions. bravo, g. and maswood, s. acute treatment with tropisetron reduces immobility in intact female rats exposed to the forced swim test, pharmacol. biochem. behav, ,362-368 . uphouse, l., maswood, s., jackson, a., brown, k.,prullage j., myers, t., shaheen, f. strain differences in the response to -ht 1a receptor agonist, -oh-dpat. pharmacol. biochem. behav., , 533-542, . uphouse, l., maswood, s.,jackson, a. factors elevating camp attenuate the effects of -oh-dpat on lordosis behavior. pharmacol. biochem. behav., , 383-388, . maswood, s.,truitt, w., hotema, m. caldarola-pastuszka, m, and uphouse, l. estrous cycle modulation of of extracellular serotonin in the mediobasal hypothalamus: role of serotonin transporter and terminal autoreceptors. br. res., 831, 146-154, . grahn, r. e., will, m. j., hammack, s. e., maswood, s., mcqueen, m. b.,watkins, l. r., maier, s. f. activation of serotonin-immunoreactive cells in the dorsal raphe nucleus in rats exposed to an uncontrollable stressor. br. res., 826, -, . grahn, r. e., maswood, s., mcqueen, m. b., watkins, l.r., maier, s. f. opiod-dependent effects of inescapable shock on escape behavior and conditioned fear responding are mediated by the dorsal raphe nucleus. behavioral brain research, , 153-167, . uphouse, l., maswood, s. estrogen actions, behavior. invited paper encyclopedia of reproduction, vol., , academic press inc. maswood, s., barter, j., watkins, l. r., maier, s. f. exposure to inescapable but not escapable stress increases extracellular levels of -ht in the dorsal raphe nucleus of the rat. brain research, 783, 115-120,. maswood, s., andrade, m., caldarola-pastuszka, m., uphouse, l. protective actions of the -ht agonist, doi, on -ht 1a -mediated inhibition of lordosis behavior in the ventromedial nucleus of the hypothalamus. .neuropharmacology, : 497-501, . maier, s. f., grahn, r. e., maswood, s., watkins l.r. the benzodiazepine receptor antagonists flumazenil and cgs8216 block the enhancement of fear conditioning and interference with escape behavior produced by inescapable shock. psychopharmacology berlin ,121 : 250-258, . maier, s. f., busch, c.r., maswood, s., grahn, r. e., watkins l.r. the dorsal raphe nucleus is a site of action mediating the behavioral effects of the benzodiazepine receptor inverse agonist dmcm. behavioral neuroscience,109: 759-766, . maswood. s., stewart, g., uphouse, l. gender and estrous cycle effects of the -ht 1a agonist, -oh-dpat, on hypothalamic serotonin. pharmacol. biochem. behav. : 807-813, . uphouse, l., maswood, s. and caldarola-pastuszka, m. median raphe modulation of female rat lordosis behavior: effects on -ht 1a receptors. br. res. 668: 271-275, . uphouse, l., caldarola-pastuszka, m., maswood, s., andrade, m and moore, n. estrogen-progesterone and -oh-dpat attenuate the lordosis-inhibiting effects of the -ht 1a agonist in the vmn. br. res. 637: 173-180, . uphouse, l., andrade, m., caldarola-pastuszka, m. and maswood, s. hypothalamic infusions of the -ht agonist, doi, prevent the inhibitory actions of the -ht 1a agonist, -oh-dpat, on lordosis behavior. pharmacol.biochem. behav. : 467-470, . maswood, s.,and uphouse, l. disruptive effects of imipramine on female reproductive cyclicity. reprod.toxicol., : 319-322, .
__label__non_math	0.9571	results to of thread: tig setup for a trailblazer 325? , 11mm200 w spot controller and spoolmatic syncrowave 180 sd bobcat 225g plus lpg ng w -pin marquette "star jet" -110 , 13senior member - join date - aug - milan michigan yes joshua, post , i hope that gave you some of the imformation that you needed. have tri-mix on the brain, was thinking argon-helium, have a bottle of it here. welds stainless slick , 15member - join date - mar - la porte, tx. personally i like the tweco 150 amp flex head torch, but i think they've gone out of business or sold out, all we used in the furnaces was the tweco, man their tough,, the power cable use to be called "super flex" one piece,, two piece two hoses, one power one gas equals junk in my book. i have trailblazer also for home use, good generator, i bought the add on hf box just like we use at work for my aluminum work, can't remember the model though but it's very durable, i also use a " tungsten set up for of my tig work even at work. if i remember right the contractors that weld next to me at work use the weldcraft torch,, never really cared for them, just wouldn't take the abuse, maybe its changed, but my tweco set up has served me well for the last yrs.pull-do
__label__non_math	0.9244	as william shakespeare said,,,,love looks not from the eyes ..but from the mind.. i love this quote as i think this is so very true in my experience.i know i am always drawn to someone of a similar mindset to myself....regardless to a great extent of age or looks.and it has worked vica versa however...i have to admit i have also attracted my fair share of clowns ..altho none on this site yet thankfully i think i disagree. if people are too much alike i think things might be a little mundane. shouldnt we learn and maybe take with us the good qualities that we "adopt" or learn from others close to us that we admire and or respect? i disagree, we do not attract what we are at all. for example if youre a beautiful person , do you always attract beautiful people ? not all the time, you end up attracting the wrong attention in retrospect. the weirdos, the geiks , people the totally opposite of yourself. i wish i did attract what i really wanted. thats just how i feel about that sayin. might be true in some circumstances like smile and the world will smile back..i also agree that we also can attract what we might need at a certain moment anddisattract what we dont...but they also say opposites attract for a reason meaning sometimes opposites complete eachother while the same can get into a fuzz...so i would say its relative..as stated...an innocent lamb will definately attract a vicious wolfe etc...the human mind is very complex and there are many sensoric strings floating which either get picked up or picks up...waves..hence attraction is somewhat unexplanable to a precise point. i dont agree, ive been on a few dating cites and i never attract someone like me, i have a degree and am always looking for someone who is educated but i always attract the opposite, i am very positive and some of these men just tell me sad or negative stories no matter how i try to turn the conversation around or i will try to chat about meaningful things and they just want to talk about " your cute " or "what are you doing tonight" does an innocent woman attract an abuser? does she need an abuser? does an honest person attract an honest person? i would have wanted one and certainly i needed an honest person. does someone who is more vivacious attract only vivacious people? there are too many examples but the clear answer is no to the questions. i don't think we attract who we are. we attract who we need. our needs change after a while, as do the person we attract, so we grow apart. thus, monogamy is not natural in this respect. but that is another story.
__label__non_math	1.0000	a couple of my fave fundraisers going on right now are: this super cute baby blanket made with congolese fabric. you can bid on this sweet, soft blankie and another one in girly girl colors by clicking here i'm also loving these african cards and keychains. i'm planning on framing my packet of cards and hanging them all over my house. seriously- cheapest artwork imaginable and it helps bring home some darling twin girls both of these items can be purchased by clicking here. and who doesn't love some ugandan paper bead necklaces? give me a string of paper beads over a string of pearls any day you can get your necklaces by clicking here. if you've got a fundraiser going on right now please feel free to link it up all links not associated with an adoption fundraiser will be removed.
__label__non_math	0.9997	bmw crashes into front of newport pagnell undertakers a man had to be cut free from his car after crashing into an undertakers in newport pagnell this afternoon monday . the driver lost control of his silver bmw 318, and wound up crashing into the h.w. mason sons funeral directors on newport pagnell high street. the car also hit a parked black bmw and bent over a lamppost on it s way through. firemen had to cut the roof off the vheicle to free the driver. the remains of the car and the second vehicle that it hit were later taken away by a police tow truck. the shop s proprietor roy mason said: a gentleman lost control of his car, hit a parked car which was knocked into another one, bent a lamppost and hit the front of my shop. i think the screams from the shop could be heard halfway down the high street. you can imagine the scene with three ladies sat in the shop going about their business and then suddenly a car bursts through. mr mason also spoke of the response to the crash by the emergency services. the man was unconscious and had to be cut free and stretchered out. he was starting to regain consciousness when he was being taken to the ambulance, he added. when anything big like this happens in newport i think all the services are called out. there were four fire engines and many police cars. we can all send our compliments to the firemen for the way they acted to free the man. residents said they heard a massive bang when the incident took place. one said the driver was in a daze after the incident. mr mason also spoke about the restoration process that will take place for the front of his shop. he said: the shop front is a listed genuine georgian building and it will cost a lot to replace. the wood will be taken to the joiners and we will replace the shop front post-haste. search for a job search for a car search for a house weather for milton keynes saturday may temperature: c to c wind speed: mph wind direction: west temperature: c to c wind speed: mph wind direction: north east
__label__non_math	1.0000	the tag "best salon" has associated posts posted friday, let your voice be heard independent: best of triangle click on vote voting ends april 15th eligible categories under service: nail salon, day spa hair salon in orange chatham county and barber shop chapel hill news: rose awards click on ad in right column voting ends march 23rd eligible categories: category:services, people beauty salon, customer service, posted friday, now available- mina s studio blow-dry bar for just ., walk in and let us pamper you with a fabulous blow-dry . whether it s for a night on the town, a special event or just because- we can help you look and feel fabulous. posted friday, our clients have been such a tremendous amount of support for the studio and we cannot thank you enough part of our success has been your support in voting for us in the many best-of voting events and this year is posted tuesday, join us for the 18th annual bridal showcase this sunday, january 27th from - , at the carolina inn in chapel hill. the carolina inn hosts premier vendors to offer an elegant day full of information and ideas for all things wedding for more than ,200 attendees. posted wednesday, mina's studio was voted the best salon for the second time in chapel hill magazine's best of chapel hill awards in their july august issue. readers chose their favorites in chapel hill, carrboro, hillsborough and northern chatham county in a variety of categories from best restaurant, shopping, salon, etc. "it posted monday, this year mina's studio has decided to celebrate mother's day for the whole month of may because one day of thanks just isn't enough, so we've put together three different ways to say thank you mom mother's day combo package book a microdermabrasion of the face, manicure and mini pedicure and receive posted monday, what makes chromatics different? you ve heard of calcium to fortify your bones and exercise to fortify your muscles but what are you doing to keep your hair strong and healthy? introducing new chromatics this revolutionary professional hair-color fortifies every strand giving you shinier, healthier-looking hair and amazing color after just one salon visit. posted wednesday, just a reminder that our stylist of the week promotion is coming up fast. book with lane april 3rd through the 7th and you will receive off your hair service total. lane has a total of years experience and has certifications from alfaparf milano, aquage, toni and guy posted thursday, we have been voted the best in the triangle for many years and it is because of you posted friday, we would like to announce a new addition to our team. please help us welcome emily b, our newest bronze level stylist, who will be joining us starting tuesday february 28th. emily comes to us from raleigh and has years of professional experience but has been a lover of posted monday, tomorrow is valentine's day and what better way to say i love you than with the gift of relaxation. purchase a mina's studio gift certificate for your special someone or even yourself posted tuesday, we are pleased to announce a new service at mina's studio, microdermabrasion posted monday, renovations are going well and the studio is really starting to take shape. in our newest photos on facebook you'll see our reception area has been completely made over, we have started putting in the new floor and the product area has moved but still holds all of your favorite posted thursday, mina s studio is thrilled to announce the arrival of bumble bumbles newest product line, bb shine. the sure thing for shimmer, let it shine shampoo and conditioner and shine on finishing spray lets your hair sparkle naturally so every lock catches the light. let it shine shampoo and conditioner dissolves posted friday, if you missed it mina s studio salon owners, louann doran and alejandra scott, were interviewed thursday march 10th by the locally known radio personality ron stutts to talk about our involvement in the 2nd annual marry me ron stutts contest where one lucky couple will receive a free wedding and posted tuesday, book with kelsey during the week of march 29th through april 3rd and you will receive off of your hair service total be sure to mention the special when you make the appointment . kelsey graduated from the douglas j aveda institute in michigan, is certified in keratin treatments and has posted friday, vote in independent best of the triangle, chapel hill news rose awards and metro bravo awards. please show your support and vote mina's for best salon, spa, nail spa, haircut and customer service in orange county thank you ......to our clients who have helped make us the "best of" for many posted wednesday, we were one of few salons in the area invited to attend a sneak peek of bumble bumble s new product, bb.texture, that will launch this month and will be in our studio soon the event was hosted by bumble at the well-known spot, the reservoir, in carrboro, north carolina. alejandro posted monday, we would like to offer a special welcome to jorge esquivel, our new platinum level hair stylist. jorge has over years of experience and has been a known name in the industry and around town for a long time. jorge specializes in hair cutting and stays up to date posted tuesday, in observance of the holiday mina's studio will be closing early on friday december 31st at and will be closed saturday january 1st. we will reopen on sunday january 2nd at . if you need to request an appointment or purchase a gift card you may do so online posted thursday, the holiday season is winding down, don't leave your gift giving to the last minute posted tuesday, saturday november 27th is small business saturday. in support of the day, american express is helping by rewarding clients who use their american express card to support local small businesses like mina's studio posted tuesday, that s right ladies, molly is due to return to mina s studio monday november 22nd and we are anticipating her return. molly believes in not only making you look better but helping you to feel better as well. she stays up to date with all of the latest products and techniques posted wednesday, another giant applause and a heartfelt thanks to everyone who voted in metro magazine's bravo awards posted wednesday, thank you so much for everyone who helped vote mina's studio the best hair salon in chapel hill for the 6th year in a row posted tuesday, the readers of the unc student newspaper, daily tarheel, have voted mina's studio one of the best salons in the carolina's finest of . we're happy that the students and faculty have chosen mina's studio as their destination for hair services. the daily tarheel is the daily student newspaper with posted tuesday, mina's studio was given a perfect rating for best manicures and pedicures in the triangle by citysearch . we were voted top for manicures and pedicures for the triangle area for manicures and pedicures. thanks goes out to all of our customers for making us the best salons posted monday, mina's studio was best hair salon by the readers of chapel hill news . we are very thankful for residents of chapel hill for picking mina's studio as their choice for best salon. read about chapel hill news.
__label__non_math	0.9287	this page is currently not sponsored. click here to sponsor this page. a variety of muscovite classification of ferrimuscovite please feel free to link to this page. chemical properties of ferrimuscovite references for ferrimuscovite melka, k. : a scheme for the classification of micaceous minerals. acta geodyn. geomater. , -. internet links for ferrimuscovite localities for ferrimuscovite the map shows a selection of localities that have latitude and longitude coordinates recorded. click on the symbol to view information about a locality. the symbol next to localities in the list can be used to jump to that position on the map. tl indicates type locality. ? indicates mineral may be doubtful at this locality. all other localities listed without reference should be considered as uncertain and unproven until references can be found. locality updated: brancaleone, reggio calabria province, calabria, italyfrom ferdinando giovine, 18th may :
__label__non_math	1.0000	welcome to mind in motion online thank you for visiting our website. we hope you will find it to be an invaluable resource as you join us in creating a community of lifelong learners. mind in motion - the anatomy of action - new york - may - nov - the feldenkrais institute of ny - new york - advanced training a five-session advanced training workshop - sundays taught by guild certified feldenkrais teacher anastasi siotas the anatomy of action is designed to provide participants with a basic functional and kinesthetic understanding of our musculoskeletal system in action. we will examine how the shape and location of our bones affects the transmission of forces generated by our effort through muscle synergies, how joint kinematics and patterns of muscle coordination move us through different orientations, and how positions and constraints in atm lessons highlight and refine particular relationships. each meeting will focus on particular atms that address the topic at hand. we will deconstruct the steps of lessons in terms of arthrokinematics, muscle synergies and constraints, and examine their implications on real actions. please note: space is limited to participants. priority will be given to those who can attend all sessions. the anatomy of action will be held: : lower extremity - foot, ankle, knees : lower trunk - hip, pelvis, lower back : spine ribs : upper extremity: shoulder, arm, hand : neck head sundays: a.m. - p.m. .early registration - before .registration - after payment plan available call the feldenkrais institute to register: - the feldenkrais institute of ny - website - 134 west 26th st, second floor - new york telephone: 212 727- toll free: 800 482- closest subway and transit stops: - at 23rd st and 5th ave or 28th st and broadway: n, r trains - at 23rd st and 6th ave: f, m trains - at 28th st and 7th ave: train - at 23rd st and 8th ave: c, e trains - lirr, amtrack and nj transit trains all come to penn station, just blocks north. hostels and rooms to rent: - airbed and breakfast is a listing site that has a changing list of apartments and rooms to rent on a nightly, weekly or monthly basis. - broadway hotel hostel dorm-style rooms with shared bath for per night per person; private rooms with shared or private bath at higher rates. two blocks to the subway. - the leo house 332 west 23rd st. the leo house is run by the catholic sisters of st. agnes and is situated in the suburb of chelsea. guests are accommodated in modest single or double guest rooms with the option of private or shared bathroom facilities. breakfast is the only meal provided but the center is in an area where cafes and restaurants are in good supply. the center is blocks from the nearest subway. - hostelling international 891 amsterdam avenue 212 932- x319 - the guest rooms at the west side ymca located just off central park west and steps from lincoln center, our new york hostel guest rooms offer single and double rooms that provide a home away from home for nearly ,000 international and domestic budget travelers each year. easily accessible to all nyc public transportation uptown, downtown, crosstown buses, and the , , a, c, e, b, d, n and r subway lines. - the guest rooms at the vanderbilt ymca nestled in the heart of manhattan s east side, the vanderbilt ymca offers surprisingly low rates for its quality guest accommodations. the vanderbilt y is a short walk to grand central terminal, which services the , , , and s subway lines, and metro- north railroad for points outside of manhattan. - the guest rooms at the greenpoint ymca serving guests from around the world since , the greenpoint ymca serves as an ideal nyc budget hotel, offering 100 extraordinary, affordable rooms. nearby hotels and other places to stay: - the gem hotel, chelsea is a new york city boutique hotel located in the neighborhood of chelsea. the hotel is one block from new york city s subway system. special offer: the gem hotel is now offering a discount to finy workshop participants, clients of the institute coming from out of town, and guest faculty. use this special link to book and receive your discount. be sure to choose the lfeld rate under the select rate program drop-down box during booking. - americana inn: west 38th street 5th and 6th avenues 212 840- subway: b,d,f,q trains to 42nd street; train to 5th avenue bus: ,,,,,,, - chelsea lodge: 318 west 20th street between 8th 9th avenues 800 373- - chelsea savoy: 204 west 23rd street, on 7th avenue blocks from finy 866 929- - colonial house inn: charming 's brownstone on a pretty residential block. 318 west 22nd street between 8th 9th 800 689- gershwin hotel: caters to artistic types, kitschy lobby, clean bright rooms. east 27th street between fifth madison 212 545- - international house: 500 riverside drive near columbia university 212 316- - madison hotel: east 27th street 212 532- - murray hill inn: ask about discounts and special rates. housed in a five-story walk up in a quiet residential neighborhood. 143 east 30th street between lexington and third 888 996- - stay the night: 93rd street townhouse between fifth and madison avenues 212 722- eventlist powered by schlu.net
__label__non_math	0.9998	shows a use of a small awkward area tucked between the screened rear entry and separated garage. put all "before" views on the left, and "afters" on the right. to second garden to home page - all locations in greensboro and winston-salem, nc various
__label__non_math	0.9999	rear seat delete kit - shrader performance - wrapped in carbon fibre vinyl and custpm mini challenge graphics by mini pirate - 350 pounds new, months old, good condition. this hs grommets so you can access the rear seat beltsfor harnesses etc. there isn't another kit with this graphic anywhere in the world. genuine gp oem quarter panels not the rear seat delete itself or the strut brace, just the quarter panels - which could be used in conjunction with the above. the above two items are local pick up only or i can bring to a mutually convenient location if you're not too far. another rear seat delete made of cushioned hard wearing canvas see here for more info:-
__label__non_math	1.0000	more languages you need to install adobe flash player to play cave of despair. download the flash player now. copy and paste this code to your blog website help dr carter beat the wave of lava and swing his way to safety in the cave of despair more action games copy the game url and paste into your webmail provider, or use your desktop email app.
__label__non_math	0.9998	to the editor: the long-term survival of humankind may very well hinge upon the efforts of free-thinking young people around the world to arrive at some rational consensus regarding the long-term goals of our species. humans have long sought to discover the "purpose of life." discovering purpose usually implies seeking out the will of some transcendent force or being. the search for purpose has primarily served to create groups that hold mutually incompatible notions of ultimate purpose and, as mark twain once observed, "have made a graveyard of the globe in trying their honest best to smooth their brother's path to happiness and heaven." setting rational goals is different than discerning purpose. setting goals requires humans to think about what kind of world they want to live in and what kind of world they want to leave to future generations. goal setting requires weighing competing priorities and such an exercise can enable us to come to terms with our own desires and how our own ideas are similar to and different from the other human beings that share the planet. the pervasive nature of the world wide web provides an open platform upon which such goal-setting deliberations can emerge and be sustained. such online deliberations have undergirded the arab spring uprisings and in the occupy protests around the world. politicians know that the best way to control people is keep them from talking freely to one other. corporations promote a ceaseless barrage of good-guys vs. bad-guys hysterical utterances via their intentionally polarizing media holdings like msnbc and fox news. while you're fretting about the feds taking away your gun, corporate manipulators are working to eliminate your job, your retirement, your pension and maybe even your house. young people are awakening to the awareness that their futures are being sold through the incessant trickery and deceptive practices of a few wealthy people willing to sacrifice the future success of the many for the sake of preserving the temporary advantage they enjoy in the status quo. rather than seeking to encourage the emergence of such a global conversation, these same corporate- owned and controlled media choose to ridicule and demean these bold young voices. meanwhile, the guardians of the status quo work tirelessly peddling their divisiveness and their hysteria, while the subservient media rake in record profits running the attack ads for the best politicians that money can buy. william a. kennedy
__label__non_math	0.9998	marquette - strong winds and snowfall were expected to continue today as part of a winter storm which blasted the region thursday, knocking out electricity to dozens of homes and making driving difficult for motorists. several accidents occurred thursday as the storm began to wind up and traveling conditions worsened, while today cars were in ditches or stuck in frozen snow and slush at intersections. no injuries were reported. "in terms of accidents, we were in good shape today, the biggest problem was vehicles getting stuck," said sgt. kevin dowling of the michigan state police negaunee regional post. "the snow is so heavy and full of water, when plows throw that up, people have a hard time getting through that." marquette board of light and power utility crews repair a transformer near the intersection of west washington street and mcclellen avenue across from shopkoat about this morning. several inches of heavy, wet snow that fell overnight is believed to have caused the transformer to malfunction. journal photo by matt keiser the national weather service office in negaunee township reported over inches of snow fell there since a.m. thursday. chippewa county saw the greatest amount of snowfall, with inches logged at kinross. along the lake superior shoreline, snowfall amounts were much lower, but winds were stronger, with gusts logged over mph. across the region there were widespread gusts over mph, with a mph gust recorded at sawyer international airport. utility crews worked to repair sporadic outages this morning, with work being done near washington and mcclellan in downtown marquette, where a power line was reported downed and sparking thursday night. power clicked on and off in several locations overnight, including downtown marquette. winds snapped a power pole along u.s. near menards in marquette township. the upper peninsula power co. reported outages to 275 homes in the escanaba area today, about three dozen homes in ishpeming and a few in houghton and munising. dowling said secondary roads were reported in bad shape, with primary roads open, but ice-packed. the winds and snowfall were both predicted to continue today. for marquette county, up to three inches of new snow was expected and north winds of to mph were forecast to decrease to to mph this afternoon, while winds along the shoreline were still expected to blow between and mph. the potential for snowfall was predicted to drop to percent tonight. john pepin can be reached at 906-228-, ext. 206.
__label__non_math	0.9959	air pollution health alert and advisory issued through wednesday, march the minnesota pollution control agency mpca has issued an air pollution health alert for today and tomorrow, march and and an air pollution health advisory for wednesday, march for the twin cities and rochester area. the air quality index values aqi in the twin cities exceeds the level considered unhealthy for sensitive groups. dense fog overnight, which aids in fine particle production, and calm winds, have allowed fine particle concentrations to build to levels considered unhealthy for sensitive groups. fine particle levels are expected to gradually fall this afternoon as the fog dissipates. however, calm winds and high relative humidity will continue to trap pollutants, keeping air quality conditions unhealthy for sensitive groups. weather conditions are supposed to improve the air quality to good aqi levels by thursday, march . those who have respiratory or cardiovascular problems, young children, the elderly, and individuals whom are physically active are considered especially sensitive to elevated levels of air pollution. be prepared to postpone or reduce vigorous activity. ozone and fine particles can be drawn deeply into the lungs, so reduce activities that lead to deep or accelerated breathing. even individuals that are otherwise healthy may experience health effects when air pollutant levels increase. how you can help: residents can take simple steps to help reduce emissions that create smog. motor vehicle emissions contribute to fine particle pollution. to lower levels of air pollution, the mpca is urging residents to use alternate modes of transportation such as mass transit, car pools, biking and walking to work or shop. other measures that will help reduce emissions on days when the index reaches 100 and above include: . limit driving - share a ride to work and postpone errands until the next day. . don t idle your vehicle for more than three minutes . refuel your vehicle after p.m. . leave your car at home and walk, bike, carpool or take public transportation whenever you can. . postpone using other gasoline-powered engines, like garden and recreational equipment. . postpone indoor and outdoor recreational fires. . to reduce the demand on power plants, turn off as many electric items as possible. . if you fall in the sensitive group category, arrange to work indoors for the day.
__label__non_math	1.0000	in minnesota and north dakota the better business bureau of minnesota and north dakota is on facebook. connect with us on facebook at sign up to receive our monthly, electronic consumer newsletter. the better business bureau integrity award recognizes companies who display an outstanding level of ethics and integrity in all of their business dealings. the better business bureau of minnesota and north dakota is a leader in advancing marketplace trust. we look for the best and brightest employees to join our team and share our commitment to the bbb mission. we serve as your source for real-time news on hot marketplace topics.
__label__non_math	0.9998	whether out of concern over crime reports or in response to new people in the area, minot-area residents are becoming more conscious of their personal safety. tonya holbrook, a spouse at minot air force base, wants people to be aware. she is one of a number of north dakota women who have teamed up with a company called damsel in defense that sells a variety of non-lethal protection options that are particularly geared toward women. "there's no reason not to have something to help yourself be more prepared and not be a victim," said holbrook, who has been a consultant with the company since april . tonya holbrook, a consultant with damsel in defense, holds her keychain, which includes a pink, pointed self-defense device called a kubotan, on wednesday. damsel in defense was founded in september by two idaho women. response was so strong that a month later they began signing up consultants, called damsel pros, and now have hundreds of consultants across the country. holbrook, a north dakota native, said the company's start was timely given the changes occuring in her home state. concern about the safety of her stepdaughter going to and from her job at a shopping mall prompted holbrook's initial interest in damsel in defense. since then, she's realized that there's a lot of interest by both women and men in self protection. she set up a temporary booth at dakota square mall last year and sold out of product in two hours. if she would have had three times as much product, she could have sold it, she said. "people want it," she said. "i am getting phone calls almost on a daily basis for parties and for product." damsel in defense uses personal protection parties to create a comfortable environment where women won't feel intimidated to ask questions or make purchases. holbrook said her aim is to not weigh women down with the seriousness of the matter but to create a fun environment at the parties that puts them at ease. "i don't want people to walk away more afraid than before they came," she said. "fear is not my thing. it's being aware." damsel in defense sells a variety of stun guns, pepper sprays and a kubotan. a kubotan is an aluminum tool that increases the force of a strike against bony surfaces, soft tissue and nerve points. developed for use by police officers to restrain suspects without permanent injury, it is suitable for self defense because of its ease of use. other products include a doorstop that sounds an alarm, an alarm flashlight that can be carried on a keychain, a monitor to keep track of a small child and a tool that can be used to cut a seatbelt, shatter a car window or give off a red strobe light. although sold as a defense tool, holbrook said it can offer security in other situations in which the owner finds herself in trouble. the most popular stun gun is one that is carried with a wrist strap. if an assailant pulls away the gun, the action will remove a safety pin that is required to operate the gun. if the pin is removed before gun storage, the gun cannot be operated if it inadvertently falls into the hands of a child. people must obtain a concealed weapons permit to carry a stun gun. it also is illegal to carry stun guns or pepper spray in some states. people should check the laws of states or foreign countries if they plan to travel, holbrook said. a person must be age or older to purchase from damsel in defense. margie zietz, crime prevention officer with the minot police department, said women who buy these products need to be able to use them properly should a situation arise, and that is more difficult than many people realize. pepper spray can affect the user as well as the assailant, and stun guns increase the danger if they fall into the wrong hands, she said. "as police officers and as crime prevention officers we want to reduce that fear in our community," zietz said. "granted, we can't be right there all the time. we have to rely on people to provide some of that protection for themselves." there are steps people can take to be safer without investing in weapons, though, zietz said. these might include staying alert and changing some practices or routines that inadvertently increase the risk. last year zietz conducted self-protection awareness training events, presenting to community groups and businesses. married to a cop and trained in self defense, holbrook noted that having protection tools is just part of staying safe. it is important to assess and know your surroundings and display confidence, she said. "one big thing women can always do for themselves i don't care how small or big they are is walk with confidence. they are less likely to attack you if you are confident," she said. having tools of self defense that they know they can use in an emergency helps breed that confidence and reduces the chance of assault, holbrook said. "i hope people buy my products and never have to use them, but reality is, one in six will," she said, referring to statistical odds. damsel in defense cites figures from a national survey that one in six women has been the victim of a sexual assault or attempted sexual assault in her lifetime. "it shouldn't ever happen when you have ready, available, reasonably priced tools that can help you," holbrook said. "in this day and age, it doesn't hurt to be protected in any way you can." several damsel in defense consultants operate in central and western north dakota. they are listed at
__label__non_math	0.9657	photo: robert gaal this week i m thinking about what might be the ultimate first-world problem. i bought a new laptop and am trying to decide what to do with the old one, which still basically works. if i keep the old laptop, i can use it as a spare for when the new one breaks and has to spend a few days at the you-know-what store. every time my laptop is in for service and this happens to me more than i deserve , i complain loudly about how much work i am not getting done. a spare would save my wife a few days of torment. instead, i could start complaining about how i have to use this old, slow laptop. on the other hand, i could get several hundred bucks for the old laptop on craigslist. i never complain about cash. what to do? i sat on the problem for a couple of days before realizing that turning it around made the answer obvious. if i had the cash in my lap instead of the old laptop, would i use the money to go out and get a spare laptop? of course not. i d spend some here and save some there and go back to complaining when my laptop occasionally breaks. there s a lesson here that has little to do with laptops and everything to do with one of the most common questions in investing: when do i sell and investment whose performance is no longer up to snuff? okay, when do i sell? it s a question i hear all the time: i have this investment that has lost money. should i sell now or wait for it to go back up? seen in the spare-laptop context, though, the question is posed the wrong way. whether you already own the investment is irrelevant. the right question is: say someone took away your investment and gave you the current market value in cash. would you use the cash to buy the investment back? no? then sell it. as investment expert larry swedroe put it recently: if i didn t already own the asset, how much would i buy today as part of my overall investment plan? if the answer is, i wouldn t buy any, or, i would buy less than i currently hold, you should sell. that is true of a bottle of wine, a stock, a bond or a mutual fund. and we can go further. as you continue to invest, are you buying more of that same asset each month? if not, why not? if you re holding onto it, you must think it s going to grow. why not buy more? the wrong way to invest but the question about when to sell is even dumber than i m making it sound, because people tend to ask that question when they ve invested in something interesting. in investing, interesting is just another word for risky. beyond that, when you feel like you ve gotten in on a special offering or at a special time, it s harder to let go. say you bought some apple aapl stock back in the pre-ipod era, and it s been very good to you. it s hard to sell today without feeling disloyal, even if you wouldn t buy more at the current market price. not that i have any opinion on apple s future stock movement. by contrast, nobody falls in love with boring index funds, and it s a snap to buy and sell them with no commission and no guilt any time you want. of course, a portfolio you d buy again is no guarantee against bad times. i can t predict the future of the market, and the evidence is good that nobody else can, either. but a portfolio full of interesting old chestnuts is probably too expensive and out of line with your overall risk tolerance and strategy if there s a strategy there at all. january is coming soon. here s a new year s resolution you can actually keep: take a look at your portfolio. if there s anything in there you wouldn t buy again today at the current price, dump it and buy a boring index fund. if it s going to cost you to unload the investment say it s a mutual fund with a redemption fee or an annuity with a surrender fee make a note on your calendar on the day you can sell without a penalty. i sold my old laptop on craigslist. the proceeds are going into a nice, boring investment. i ll avoid having a should i sell? moment and i should wrap this up, because with my luck my new laptop is going to break any second now.
__label__non_math	1.0000	free recipient address printing with birth announcement orders. read more. filter your results shower the mom-to-be with one of our unique baby shower invitations, created exclusively for minted by our community of independent designers. whether you are looking for modern boy baby shower invitations or stylish girl baby shower invitations, you are guaranteed an invitation as unique as the guest of honor. our baby shower invitations are beautifully printed on your choice of luxurious signature paper, recycled matte stationery paper or gorgeous pearlescent paper. our design associates are here to help with your baby shower invitation wording and any other customization requests. pick your own custom color, free for a limited time. please click on the custom color icon in the personalization process to select a color or leave comments in the "special design instructions" box. it is important to be as descriptive as possible when specifying your desired color s . for example: please note your custom color will not be reflected in your preview. one of our design associates will email a digital proof reflecting your desired color scheme. we uncover design genius through ongoing design competitions. at minted, all that matters is good design. designers submit, and the minted community votes to tell us what to sell. "our purpose in life is to uncover exceptional design from all over the world and bring this to savvy consumers who won't accept anything else."
__label__non_math	0.8413	an ideal buy point for tuesday on a trading basis would have been a down open. there is a new bearish argument for google, and that is the pending rollout of google fiber. is there a limit to how deep heads can bury themselves in the sand? recently, the stock generating the most reader questions is not apple, it's netflix. despite the fed's aggressive inflating of the money supply, the metals remain water logged. i won't spend much time celebrating about record highs because it seems to have occurred while ignoring some very real issues. the ecb is not the fed let's make the assumption that the current great disconnect between main street and wall street doesn't exist.
__label__non_math	0.9979	fans should be allowed to drink, enjoy themselves and abuse players. the players should take it. football s like a panto" says much-travelled winger david bentley has insisted football fans should be allowed to drink, enjoy themselves and abuse the players . and the former england winger claimed the modern game has become too politically correct. tottenham's bentley, currently on loan at championship side blackburn, even clapped along with the vocal attention he received at millwall on saturday as rovers earned an fa cup quarter-final replay. and the former arsenal trainee said: i was orchestrating it and seeing what more they could dig up for me. we have gone too far away from it. it s nice to come to places and get this sort of treatment. that s what football should be about. there should be more of it. every ground you go to should be like that - the fans fully involved. the language is part of it. "at times, we get a bit politically correct in this society. fans should be allowed to drink, enjoy themselves and abuse the players. "the players should take it. football s like a pantomime. it s the way it should be. it makes it more exciting. "football, especially now can seem a bit boring. people are paying big money to go to games. i see no problem with what they say. "as long as you stay away from racist and homophobic stuff, it s fine. this isn t the worst i ve had. i enjoy it. it s why i play. i ve been at arsenal, west ham, tottenham, so i get abused pretty much everywhere. "i played at arsenal in the last round. i only came on for minutes and the crowd there were all over me - it was fun. the two sides meet again at ewood park on wednesday to decide who will face wigan in the semis at wembley next month. millwall won -at ewood in the league in november - and have lost more games at the new den than on their travels.
__label__non_math	0.8895	for a smile that dazzles think veneers professional models do it. actors and actresses do it. even politicians do it. they're changing their smiles and they have influenced a growing number of people to take the same step by asking dentists to give them veneers. simply put, a veneer is a covering, something like the thin layer on a piece of furniture that gives it the look of natural wood. when it comes to your teeth, a veneer refers to a thin covering usually made of porcelain. how thin? "porcelain veneers are about the thickness of a fingernail," explains cosmetic dentist ronald e. goldstein, d.d.s. he traces the first porcelain veneers to . "in most cases, we cover the front of the tooth and a little bit of the sides," adds dr. goldstein, cofounder of the american academy of aesthetic dentistry and author of the book change your smile. "this is a very exciting area of dentistry that is increasing in popularity. a smile is such an important thing. it does so much for us." a better look the president of the american academy of cosmetic dentistry aacd agrees. "properly done veneers help people look better. it makes them more attractive, which makes them more self-confident," says marty zase, d.m.d., m.a.g.d. cosmetic dentists such as drs. goldstein and zase use veneers to fix a variety of problems. teeth could be too short, too far apart, misshapen, or damaged. but the most common reason for veneers is discoloration. many things cause discoloration: "our teeth become darker and shorter as we age," explains dr. goldstein. "it's a different amount for each individual. around age , some new patients will say, 'my gosh, my smile is gone.'" over time, teeth become darker internally and wear down externally, making them appear even darker. "we use porcelain because the color is more stable and it lasts longer than composite resin," dr. goldstein says. "porcelain usually lasts between five to years, while composite resin usually lasts about three to eight years." still, there are some reasons patients choose composite resin. it's less expensive than porcelain veneers. "i recommend that patients make a list of the things they like and don't like about their smile, and what they'd like to change," says dr. zase. "stand in front of a mirror and make the biggest smile you can make. get a good look at the number of teeth that show." he believes that is the number of veneers you should do. some patients ask about doing their upper teeth at one time and their lower teeth later to spread out the cost. although this is an option, patients should be aware that the construction of their veneers is done entirely by hand, and optimal color matching will occur when both arches are treated simultaneously. the cost of veneers varies widely according to the region of the country and according to the experience of the dentist. your general dentist might have experience with veneers or might refer you to a cosmetic dentist. this procedure "can produce results that really please the patient," dr. goldstein says. "think it through and choose a professional who gets the type of results that you're looking for." how to care for your veneers if you decide to invest in your smile with veneers, will special care be necessary after you get them? "patients are told about the importance of home care, and they really need to know how very important that is," emphasizes dr. zase. "they're protecting their investment in their mouth, in themselves." here are some tips offered by drs. zase and goldstein: keep the edges of your teeth clean. use a softer toothbrush and brush more slowly. increase the number of teeth cleanings at the dentist's office from two to three times a year. tell the hygienist that you prefer ultrasonic scaling to hand scaling. use a mouth guard when you sleep to protect your veneers if you grind or clench your teeth. use a mouth guard when playing sports in which there is a chance you might be struck in the mouth by a ball, a stick, someone's elbow, or other object. do not use veneered teeth as a tool: do not climb a ladder with a screwdriver in your mouth. do not open pistachios or other nuts with your teeth. do not break a piece of thread off by biting it. do not chomp on hard candy or chew ice. "not using your teeth as a tool is also great advice even if you don't have veneers," dr. zase says.
__label__non_math	1.0000	three miaa players have earned all-american honors from the american football coaches association, announced this morning. on the offensive side of the ball, missouri western running back and harlon hill finalist michael hill joins miaa defensive player of the year brandon williams from missouri southern along with lindenwood university defensive back pierre desir. hill rushed for over 100 yards in of the griffons games which includes rushing for over 150 yards eight times and 200 twice. he has helped the griffons to an -record. williams recorded tackles, .tackles for loss and .sacks.
__label__non_math	0.9272	this is the first time i have purchased using your web site. i was desperate for a birthday present for my creative teenage daughter who was born on christmas eve. i was late with an idea two holidays at once and when i finally decided i assumed it would be to late to order. i was urged by my spouse to access the internet. you were there with all the supplies i would need and a promise to deliver. not only was the service excellent, it arrived within the hour specified
__label__non_math	0.9998	powerball jackpot hits record don't forget to buy a lottery ticket on your way home if you want to try for the poweball lottery. it's up to 550 million dollars, so far, for tomorrow night's saturday's drawing. music city center finally opens... with big parties the much-awaited music city center will celebrate its grand opening this sunday and monday may 20th . you're invited to a free open house featuring live local music on both days. phil vassar performs on the east plaza on sunday, sheryl crow headlines the free street party and concert on monday, may . the time jumpers featuring vince gill, fisk jubilee singers, and mikky ekko will also perform, and it'll end with a big fireworks show. justin timberlake is coming to bridgestone arena nov. 15th. tickets go on sale this morning. the franklin rodeo runs through tomorrow may 18th , at the williamson ag expo center. the tennessee renaissaance festival is every saturday and sunday this month, as well as memorial day may 27th , off highway between franklin and murfreesboro. free admission for kids and under, and free parking. the franklin farmers market strawberry festival is tomorrow sat. , to , at franklin road and liberty pike, behind the factory in franklin. at the frist center for the visual arts, a couple of their big exhibitions are closing this weekend, including "rembrandt and the dutch golden age." you should see it now, or it'll be gone. 919 broadway, nashville there's an urban gardening festival tomorrow sat. , to , at ellington agricultural center marchant drive, nashville . includes a demonstration garden, lectures, booths, plant societies and plant sales, vendors, food trucks and more. it's the weekend, and there's rain in the forecast again. if storms this afternoon get severe, remember that mix .is ready to go live with the news weather center. granbury, texas searches for seven missing after tornadoes officials in north texas are desperately searching for seven people still missing after at least tornadoes swept through the area on wednesday. salvation army helping families in texas after tornadoes. helping nashville every day this is salvation army week... and the non-profit is celebrating, like it does every year, by getting out and helping people. they have teams in north texas helping the tornado victims. they also have local canteens and an 'under the bridge' mission every friday night in nashville. they're always looking for volunteers, and they say they won't turn down your money, either if you'd like to help. get more info at american: fliers who carry on less can board earlier if you can get by without having to put something in the overhead on your next flight.. american airlines will let you board earlier. they'll stick you in between groups one and in the boarding queue. hillsboro village adding retail now that the old buildings have been knocked down at hillsboro village, the new construction starts. in the places where zeitgeist gallery, peabody shoe repair and cotton music center used to be, you'll see the new acklen complex going up: -thousand-square-feet of retail space, apartments and parking garage space underneath. the whole thing should be finished in . what's in that swimming pool? with swimming pools around middle tennessee opening up soon, you need to know this. a new centers for disease control and prevention study shows more than half of public swimming pools are contaminated by human feces. e-coli was found in nearly -percent of samples taken from public pool filters. not surprisingly, mostly pools where a lot of children swim. health officials say that should remind you to either make the kids shower before swimming, or at least make everybody shower-off after swimming, which a lot of people don't. researchers have come up with a printable solar panel researchers in australia have come up with a way to print out solar panels... about the size of an by sheet of paper. the panels could be embedded on laptops, used to laminate skyscraper windows, or built into rooftops. and printing them means they could eventually be accessible to everyone. pat robertson under fire televangelist pat robertson is under fire once again after telling the wife of a cheating husband to get over the infidelity and provide a better home so he doesn't "wander." officer in charge of sexual assault prevention has been fired an army officer in charge of the sexual assault prevention office at a kentucky military base has been relieved of duty for violating an order of protection filed by his ex-wife. this is at least the third incident in just a couple of weeks where officials meant to protect women from sexual abuse, have been accused of being the problems. just last week, an air force officer who headed a sexual assault prevention office was arrested for attacking and groping a woman in a parking lot. parks department working on centennial park algae metro nashville parks says it's working on a plan to clean up all that algae on the pond at centennial park, including adding fountains to boost oxygen levels, and possibly dredging the lake. it gets so thick the ducks won't swim there, and it causes an odor that you can smell if you're walking anywhere nearby. gay scout protest rallies there are dozens of groups around the country who say they'll protest today against letting gay boys join the boy scouts of america. the national scouts organization will vote next thursday about it. cleveland women fund so far there's nearly 500-thousand dollars in the fund for the three ohio women held hostage for a decade. bill gates is world's richest, after years as runner-up the world's richest man is microsoft's bill gates, worth an estimated -billion dollars. trekkie dating sites if people roll their eyes when you mention the new star trek movie, you just haven't found the right tribe, yet. in fact, in honor of the new movie, someone's posted a list of star trek-related dating sites. there's dating.com that says it's light years ahead of others, and that tells its users to, "set phasers to stunning." bing translator adds klingon and bing search engine has added the klingon language to its translator, so you can court the one you love in the warrior language. this is national police week who's the new american idol? candice glover is the new american idol.. kree harrison is the runner-up.
__label__non_math	1.0000	423 north main street tulsa, ok a.m. sunday, time : - location : cains ballroom oklahoma joes barbecue is launching what we believe will become tulsas best choice for sunday dining...gospel music sunday brunch at the historic cains ballroom its going to be at our cains location on the first sunday of every month. we will be featuring oklahoma joes bar-b-cue along with our smoked quesadilla station, specialty omelets made to order, carving stations with our famous smoked fare, a salad and dessert bar with all the fixins and much, much more. come experience live music while you dine on our world famous barbecue and begin your sunday with an experience that will feed your body and soul serving times: - tickets are sold at the door adults are .children and under free children must be accompanied by adult per children.
__label__non_math	0.9999	i'm a magician from curacao in the caribbean it's the first time i received a good service like this. keep up the good work guys i just joined mjm magic store and i can't wait to start buying my magic from them . the prices are great and they're close to were i live. i use to...read more -
__label__non_math	1.0000	my listingsview all - bed, bath, 1787sf3371 lake tahoe blvd, south lake tahoe - ,000,000 bed, bath, 1988sf220 four ring rd, tahoma - bed, bath, 1264sf2200 venice drive, south - bed, bath, 3425sf639 tehama drive, south lake tahoe - tbd bed, bath, 2570sf7145 antelope way, tahoma - bed, bath, 3327sf3371 lake tahoe blvd, south lake tahoe - bed, bath, 1313sf625 clement ave, south lake tahoe - bed, bath, 1712sf2710 elati st, south lake tahoe - bed, bath, 1250sf872 julie ln, south lake tahoe - bed, .bath, 2674sf703 lassen drive, south lake tahoe lake tahoe real estate welcome to a great resource for anyone interested in buying or selling real estate in the lake tahoe area. as a full-service independent real estate broker, and the owner of keller properties, michael keller is ready to help with any of your lake tahoe real estate needs. please take advantage of the resources this site has to offer or contact michael directly for further assistance and information. if you are interested in seeing homes for sale in the lake tahoe area, use the search listings link to view and search the entire south lake tahoe mls. you can also sign up for the new listings watch, and you will be notified of any new properties of interest as soon as they become available. if you are interested in selling real estate in the lake tahoe area, michael keller provides a high level of professional marketing and representation services for his clients. please contact michael directly to learn how he can help you sell your property. you can view some examples of michael s listings by viewing the featured properties above.
__label__non_math	0.9683	village economy gandhiji on villages ideal village "that village may be regarded as reformed, where everybody wears khadi, which produces all the khadi it needs, in which every inhabitant spends some of his time in one or more processes relating to cotton, which uses only oil produced in indigenous oil-presses, which consumes only jaggery manufactured in the village itself or in its neighbourhood and only hand-milled flour and hand-pounded rice; the village, in other words, where the largest possible number of village industries are flourishing, in which nobody is illiterate, where the roads are clean, there is a fixed place for evacuation, the wells are clean, there is harmony among the different communities, and untouchability is completely absent, in which everybody gets cow's milk, ghee etc., in moderate quantities, in which nobody is without work, and which is free from quarrels and thefts, and in which the people abide by the sevak's advice in all matters. this is possible in the existing conditions. i cannot of course say about the time required." letter to munnalal shah, ; :421 "the villagers can make great progress if they work like this in co-operation with one another. ours is a small village. we should inquire and find out in which spheres of activity and to what extent we can work on a co-operative basis. even if all villagers are not inclined to follow the co-operative method we must find out those who are prepared to give it a trial. . . "we should produce all the other necessities in the village itself. then we should also find out what other industries we can set up here. we ought to press oil and make shoes locally. similarly we can think of other industries also. . . "we have to think about education in sevagram. though you have not asked me any question on this, i may at least tell you that in my opinion there should not be a single illiterate person in sevagram. i put forward the concept of basic education very late in my life but all the same i attach great importance to it. i had put the following question before the gujarati sahitya parishad : what kind of literature are the writers bringing out for the crores of illiterate villagers? this task is as huge as it is difficult. "let me also tell you that our own life, if it is simple and pure, is bound to have its impact on the villagers without our having to tell them in so many words." speech at the prayer meeting, sevagram, ; .. "my idea of village swaraj is that it is a complete republic, independent of its neighbours for its own vital wants, and yet interdependent for many others in which dependence is a necessity. thus every village's first concern will be to grow its own food crops and cotton for its cloth. it should have a reserve for its cattle, recreation and playground for adults and children. then if there is more land available, it will grow useful money crops, thus excluding ganja, tobacco, opium and the like. the village will maintain a village theatre, school and public hall. it will have its own waterworks, ensuring clean water supply. this can be done through controlled wells or tanks. education will be compulsory up to the final basic course. as far as possible every activity will be conducted on the co-operative basis. there will be no castes such as we have today with their graded untouchability. non-violence with its technique of satyagraha and non-co-operation will be the sanction of the village community. there will be a compulsory service of village guards who will be selected by rotation from the register maintained by the village. the government of the village will be conducted by a panchayat of five persons annually elected by the adult villagers, male and female, possessing minimum prescribed qualifications. these will have all the authority and jurisdiction required. since there will be no system of punishments in the accepted sense, this panchayat will be the legislature, judiciary and executive combined to operate for its year of office. any village can become such a republic today without much interference even from the present government whose sole effective connection with the villages is the exaction of the village revenue. i have not examined here the question of relations with the neighbouring villages and the centre if any. my purpose is to present an outline of village government. here there is perfect democracy based upon individual freedom. the individual is the architect of his own government. the law of non-violence rules him and his government. he and his village are able to defy the might of a world. for the law governing every villager is that he will suffer death in the defence of his and his village's honour. "the reader may well ask me i am asking myself while penning these" lines as to why i have not been able to model sevagram after the picture here drawn. my answer is: making the attempt. i can see dim traces of success though i can show nothing visible. but there is nothing inherently impossible in the picture drawn here. to model such a village may be the work of a lifetime. any lover of true democracy and village life can take up a village, treat it as his world and sole work, and he will find good results. he begins by being the village scavenger, spinner, watchman, medicine man and schoolmaster all at once. if nobody comes near him, he will be satisfied with scavenging and spinning." harijan, ; :308-. "my idea of self-sufficiency is that villages must be self- sufficient in regard to food, cloth and other basic necessities. but even this can be overdone. therefore you must grasp my idea properly. self-sufficiency does not mean narrowness. to be self-sufficient is not to be altogether self-contained. in no circumstances would we be able to produce all the things we need nor do we aim at doing so. so though our aim is complete self-sufficiency, we shall have to get from outside the village what we cannot produce in the village; we shall have to produce more of what we can in order thereby to obtain in exchange what we are unable to produce. only nothing of our extra produce would be sent to bombay or far off cities. nor would we produce things with an eye to export to those cities. that would run counter to my conception of swadeshi. swadeshi means serving my immediate neighbour rather than those far away. "our outlook must be that we would serve the village first, then the neighbourhood, then the district and thereafter the province." discussion with shrikrishnadas jaju, ; :171. "my ideal village still exists only in my imagination. after all every human being lives in the world of his own imagination. in this village of my dreams the villager will not be dull he will be all awareness. he will not live like an animal in filth and darkness. men and women will live in freedom, prepared to face the whole world. there will be no plague, no cholera and no smallpox. nobody will be allowed to be idle or to wallow in luxury. everyone will have to do body labour. granting all this, i can still envisage a number of things that will have to be organized on a large scale. perhaps there will even be railways and also post and telegraph offices. i do not know what things there will be or will not be. nor am i bothered about it. if i can make sure of the essential thing, other things will follow in due course. but if i give up the essential thing, i give up everything." letter to jawaharlal nehru, ; :320. . the crucial question according to you, is how to ensure man's mental, economic, political and moral development. that is my position too. . and in doing so every individual should have equal right and opportunity. . from this point of view there should be equality between villages and cities. and therefore their food and drink, their way of life, their dress and their habits should be the same. if such a condition is to be brought about people should produce their own cloth and food and build their own houses. so also they should produce their own water and electricity. . man is not born to live in the jungle; he is born to live in society. if we are to make sure that one person does not ride on an other's back, the unit should be an ideal village or a social group which will be self-sufficient, but the members of which will be interdependent. this conception will bring about a change in human relationship all over the world." letter to jawaharlal nehru, ; . "independence must begin at the bottom. thus, every village will be a republic or panchayat having full powers. it follows, therefore, that every village has to be self-sustained and capable of managing its affairs even to the extent of defending itself against the whole world. it will be trained and prepared to perish in the attempt to defend itself against any onslaught from without." harijan, ; . "a village unit as conceived by me is as strong as the strongest. my imaginary village consists of ,000 souls. such a unit can give a good account of itself, if it is well organized on a basis of self-sufficiency. do not, therefore, think that unless you have a big union you will not be able to give a good account of yourself. . . "... i have conceived round the village as the centre a series of ever-widening circles, not one on top of the other, but all on the same plane, so that there is none higher or lower than the other. maine has said that india was a congerie of village republics. the towns were then subservient to the villages. they were emporia for the surplus village products and beautiful manufactures. that is the skeleton of my picture to serve as a pattern for independent india. there are many faults in the ancient village system. unless they are eradicated, there will not only be no hope for the untouchables in a free india but for india in the comity of nations." harijan, ; .
__label__non_math	1.0000	grand rapids -- natasha bedingfield came close to pursuing an art career once, so close her songs, including the no. hit "unwritten," would have been, well, unwritten. "i almost did an art degree in charcoal and painting," the singer said in a phone interview from her los angeles home. "i love the experience of creating art myself." the -year-old bedingfield, best known for 's "unwritten" and 's hit "pocketful of sunshine," will headline saturday night's artprize concert series show in rosa parks circle. the brit plans to stay in the west michigan area for two or three days; rumor has it she'll be checking out artprize. born and raised in surrey, a suburb of london, bedingfield grew up the daughter of two charity workers. while other celebs adopt causes when they become famous, bedingfield, who grew up among drug addicts and former prostitutes her parents were helping to rehabilitate, had a passion for justice built into her dna. "i really care a lot about human freedom and human rights," she said. "we celebrate slavery being abolished on our holidays, but sex slavery is rampant: we have more slaves than ever before in the world." among other charities, bedingfield is an advocate for stop the traffik, a global coalition that works to end human trafficking. "every human being deserves to be free, and in terms of sex trafficking, you don't realize how many have been forced into it," she said. though she has yet to write a song specifically about trafficking, freedom is a theme woven into her music. the title track of her new album, "strip me," which releases nov. , explores a certain kind of liberation. "it means getting down to one level," she said. "everyone has had things stripped away in their lives, things that they thought were important. life knocks you down, but no one can take away your voice or your power." "strip me" is the artist's first record since "pocketful of sunshine," and she's more than ready. "i'm excited," bedingfield said. "the record is very anthemic and very influenced by live touring. you know that feeling when you have a whole crowd of people in the room? listeners will feel the same spirit in the music." bedingfield also is a newlywed: she married matt robinson, an ohio-bred, california-based businessman and documentary filmmaker in march . "he loves to make fun of my accent, and also the way i always apologize to people -- 'oh, i'm so sorry, sir she loves her life and friends, including fellow uk expats leona lewis and mel b of spice girls fame, in l.a., but bedingfield does yearn for proper tea and another sweet piece of her british heritage. "we have these lovely things called crumpets," she said. "i never thought i would miss them but i really do." e-mail weekend: firstname.lastname
__label__non_math	1.0000	washington d.c. the fred upton jack hoogendyk primary has gained some more national attention: it's number four on the washington post's "top house incumbents who could lose their primaries" upton has been a conservative target for years, but may represent his most serious challenge yet. former state representative jack hoogendyk, who lost to upton percent to percent in , is back again. but this time, he could well have the all-important backing of the club for growth. interestingly, former pennsylvania senator rick santorum carried upton s 6th district percent to percent over former massachusetts governor mitt romney in the michigan presidential primary. upton endorsed romney; hoogendyk backed santorum.
__label__non_math	0.9977	maple hill gutter protection systems lawrence road edgecomb, me maple hill gutter protection systems is here to answer all your questions for gutter covers. because we know choosing the right gutter cover can be confusing--so many kinds and types. there are toppers, helmets, filters, dispersers and they all claim to give you freedom from gutter cleaning. and it's not as though they are cheap. choosing the wrong one can cost you thousands of dollars. there are eleven basic questions you should ask any gutter cover contractor. here are two of the eleven: does the product get nailed, glued, or fastened to my roofing in any way? does it collect all of the water, even in the heaviest of rains? rain gutters with covers remain free-flowing and clog-free with the best lifetime performance warranty in the business. in our humble experienced opinion, each rain gutter guard is far superior in performance and appearance to all other leafguards, or any other round nosed gutter guards gutter service of maine, llc beechwood street thomaston, me gutter service of maine, llc, is a full-service gutter company specializing in the installation of seamless aluminum and copper gutters. we offer gutter cleaning, gutter repair and other services to meet your needs. with countless satisfied customers, gutter service of maine, llc, offers quality products, superior customer service and competitive rates. masco contractor services - gutters neighborhood professionals, backed by a national brand founded in, fl masco contractor services gutters, is a group of independent companies that are subsidiaries of masco corporation nyse: mas , a fortune 500 company. masco contractor services gutters, companies are leading national installers of residential insulation, fireplaces, gutters, garage doors, closet shelving and storage systems, and more. with locations in or near most major metropolitan cities throughout the united states, masco contractor services gutters, companies combine top-grade building products with superior installation services for builders and consumers.
__label__non_math	0.8169	mlssoccer.com team of the week: week toronto fc registered what was arguably the club's best road performance of the season in colorado on sunday, playing on short rest and at altitude against the defending champion colorado rapids. the match earned two tfc members a place on the mls team of the week for week . in a relatively low-scoring weekend, three forwards made the list without notching a single goal or assist among them but their standout performances made them worthy selections. gk: matt pickens colorado rapids his one-on-one saves against toronto fc assume even greater importance when you consider how the rapids are struggling to find the back of the net. the point against tfc was won by pickens. df: marvell wynne colorado rapids ecuadorean international joao plata was canceled out by wynne, who has returned to his old right back spot of late and is just as efficient in hunting down attackers with his speed and putting out fires. df: jeff parke seattle sounders he s not the tallest player on the field, but he s always been a force in the air, and he proved that on both sides of the ball against sporting kansas city, using all his experience to head home the winner. player of the week. df: michael farfan philadelphia union plays with an uncanny calm for being a rookie and has the confidence in his own skills to make plays that other first year players wouldn t dare, including scoring. although he was severely challenged by dominic oduro s speed when he moved to left back against chicago, he has the soccer smarts to figure things out. mf: mikael yourassowsky toronto fc the belgian has showcased his skill and speed during his stints at left back, but they became even more evident and impactful when he was attacking from midfield instead of defending. the man of the match performance against colorado could result in a new position for the first-year mls player. mf: daniel hernandez fc dallas nothing new from the fcd captain, but in a scrappy game in which both dallas and real salt lake matched up evenly, the veteran s intelligence, guile and experience made him the best player on the field. mf: joel lindpere new york red bulls whatever the task for which he s enlisted, the estonian delivers. a cog in rbny s improved possession game against houston, lindpere has also taken over select set piece duties and came through there as well. his was the assist on the mehdi ballouchy game-tying goal. mf: dominic oduro chicago fire maligned by many for his finishing, the ghanaian winger proved on his goal that he can finish with the best of them. but he s even more impressive for the matchup problems he causes and the fact that he creates more opportunities for himself and his teammates than his reputation gives him credit for. fw: marvin ch vez fc dallas the move to forward has transformed ch vez into arguably the most productive forward in recent years at fc dallas. the honduran is getting many more touches on the ball and his speed and one-on-one dribbling skills have resulted in scoring chances or set pieces for his squad. fw: steven lenhart san jose earthquakes it may be easy to lose sight of his impact on a match. the industry and energy he has always shown in mls may not necessarily result in goals for him, but it helps his teammates get on the board. the match against new england was another case in point. fw: tom heinemann columbus crew the new steven lenhart in columbus, heinemann showed a great deal of promise in his first start. active, tireless and solid in the air, he will feel like he should have come away with at least a goal in portland. he earned himself an encore. manager: aron winter toronto fc the skeptics are still out there in numbers as winter s ajax-style experiment in toronto continues to take shape. in colorado, against the defending champs, the canadian side showed personality, enjoyed several spells of solid possession and also created the best scoring opportunities. the most impressive road outing of the year for tfc, which also came on short rest and in altitude, shows that the players believe in winter and what he represents. honorable mentions: eric brunner portland timbers , brad davis houston dynamo , kalif alhassan portland timbers , j mison olave real salt lake , marco pappa chicago fire , heath pearce chivas usa , nate sturgis toronto fc , teemu tainio new york red bulls , chris tierney new england revolution , cam weaver houston dynamo team of the week mentions alphabetical order : goalkeepers: stefan frei week , tally hall week , week , kevin hartman week , week , kasey keller week , dan kennedy week , matt pickens week , donovan ricketts week , nick rimando week ; defenders: corey ashe week , danleigh borman week , bobby boswell week , danny califf week , mamadou "futty" danso week , michael farfan week , omar gonzalez week , week , andre hainault week , ugo ihemelu week , george john week , zach loyd week , chad marshall week , week , week , josip mikulic week , drew moor week , week , jeff parke week , week , heath pearce week , week , tim ream week , alain rochat week , a.j. soares week , jan gunnar solli week , carlos vald s week , rodney wallace week , ethan white week , sheanon williams week , marvell wynne week ; midfielders: kalif alhassan week , osvaldo alonso week , kyle beckerman week , david beckham week , geoff cameron week , servando carrasco week , brian carroll week , davide chiumiento week , keon daniel week , brad davis week , week , week , simon dawkins week , dwayne de rosario week , brad evans week , julian de guzman week , landon donovan week , week , dilly duka week , benny feilhaber week , lvaro fern ndez week , david ferreira week , daniel hernandez week , ryan johnson week , shalrie joseph week , juninho week , week , nizar khalfan week , nick labrocca week , week , joel lindpere week , javier morales week , dominic oduro week , marco pappa week , chris pontius week , teemu tainio week , mikael yourassowsky week , steve zakuani week , week ; forwards: justin braun week , omar bravo week , will bruin week , week , teal bunbury week , fabi n castillo week , diego ch ves week , marvin chavez week , omar cummings week , charlie davies week , caleb folan week , eric hassli week , tom heinemann week , thierry henry week , week , week , kei kamara week , steven lenhart week , javier martina week , alejandro moreno week , paulo jr. week , jorge perlaza week , joao plata week , emilio renter a week , luke rodgers week , mauro rosales week , camilo week , o'brian white week , chris wondolowski week , week ; managers: hans backe week , robin fraser week , week , dominic kinnear week , jason kreis week , ben olsen week , gary smith week , week , robert warzycha week , aron winter week .
__label__non_math	1.0000	usoc third round slate features intriguing match-ups for mls clubs new york more than a few intriguing matchups could be on tap for the third round of the lamar hunt us open cup, the first stage that will feature the eight mls clubs that have earned qualification. depending on the results of the second round, which will be played on june , potential fixtures that could prove among the most attractive, include three derbies: fc new york vs. new york red bulls, la blues vs. la galaxy and kitsap pumas vs. the defending champion seattle sounders. while the chicago fire were the opposition for sporting kansas city in the first-ever match played at newly opened livestrong sporting park back on june , the chicago fire pdl side could serve as first-ever us open cup foe in the brief history of the new stadium. chicago fire pdl first need to get by the madison 56ers in the second round. the us soccer federation on wednesday released the following scenarios for the third round, which will be played on tuesday, june , with a match or two potentially moving to wednesday, june . it is worth noting that if the harrisburg city islanders beat the rochester rhinos on june , mls clubs would host every match. the quarterfinals will be played july , followed by the semifinals on tuesday, aug. , and the us open cup final on tuesday, oct. . us open cup round of matches -- tuesday, pittsburgh riverhounds usl pro or richmond kickers usl pro at columbus crew p.m. et, columbus crew stadium fc new york usl pro or ny pancyprian freedoms usasa at new york red bulls p.m. et, red bull arena harrisburg city islanders usl pro at chicago fire p.m. et, toyota park or chicago fire at rochester rhinos usl pro p.m. et, sahlen s stadium chicago fire pdl pdl or madison 56ers npsl at sporting kansas city p.m. et, livestrong sporting park orlando city soccer club usl pro or charleston battery usl pro at fc dallas p.m. et, pizza hut park charlotte eagles usl pro or wilmington hammerheads usl pro at real salt lake p.m. et, rio tinto stadium los angeles blues usl pro or ventura county fusion pdl at la galaxy p.m. et, titan stadium us open cup round of match -- wednesday, real colorado foxes pdl or kitsap pumas pdl at seattle sounders p.m. et, starfire sports stadium
__label__math	0.9243	originally posted by toxic i never thought it would be competitive, i could have done without anderson trying to humiliate bonnar though. he could have done his trip and knee a minute in instead of playing a cage game that only goes to further prove silva is so much better something we all knew. silva is a bully, its really that simple. he may be the goat but the man doesn't need to clown the guys who step in the cage with him to prove it. exactly why i dislike silva, and gsp should never fight him. i'd give gsp about as much of a chance as bonnar considering hes weight classes lower , but gsp shouldn't give anderson the satisfaction of acting like a clown in the cage against him.
__label__non_math	1.0000	go to admin appearance widgets and move gabfire widget: social into that mastheadoverlay zone watch the ufc on fuel tv weigh-ins streaming live on mmaweekly.com, friday at p.m. et p.m. pt. the fighters are expected to step on the scales shortly after et. courtesy of ufc.com. be sure to like mmaweekly.com on facebook and follow on twitter. mma weekly .
__label__non_math	0.9999	welcome to mminternational with its divisions meteomedia and meteodss for over years you have known meteomedia as a reliable partner for everything to do with the weather. our company has since diversified its services and ventured into the international arena. in order to have an international presence under a single name, meteomedia has become mminternational with two divisions meteomedia and meteodss. thanks to our own research and development department, mminternational is one of the leading and most innovative weather service providers. from our meteomedia division's diverse range of products and services for the media and the public to our meteodss division's customised solutions and decision support for process optimisation, planning, trading and risk management, a large number of companies from every industry have put their trust in us for over years. what's so special about mminternational's high quality? dense measurement network: without local data there are no local weather forecasts thanks to our own weather station measurement network and access to measurement data from every national weather service, mminternational has a unique measurement network density of around ,000 stations worldwide with high-resolution measurements and a unique climate database. a combination of the world's best weather models and our own forecasting systems mminternational processes the measurement data using the world's best weather models. our own intelligent forecasting system also uses empirical data from our worldwide station network, thus allowing accurate local weather forecasts of the highest quality. our meteorologists regularly win international forecasting competitions using this data basis. our own severe weather centers around the world mminternational is an innovation leader in early severe weather warning: as the only private weather service, we operate our own severe weather centers worldwide and thus make a decisive contribution to damage prevention.
__label__non_math	0.6713	-nvidia geforce 6150se nforce 430- is my videocard. is that good enough to play guild wars ? also, another question: if my videocard doesn't meet the requirements, does that mean i can't play guild wars on medium high quality, or does it mean i can't play guild wars at all? what other video cards are recommended if this one doesnt work? i would be shocked if you can even start the game with that gpu. it is hard for us to give a good recommendation for a replacement without more details about the rest of your computer. what cpu, motherboard and power supply do you have? these are the minimum requirements for guild wars : windows xp service pack or better intel core duo .ghz, core i3, amd athlon x2, or better gb ram nvidia geforce , ati x1800, intel hd , or better 256mb of video ram and shader model .or better gb available hdd space broadband internet connection keyboard and mouse
__label__non_math	0.9417	do you think blizzard is banning bots? i don't... i think it's simple math for this greedy company. look on this advanced equation i did: bots profit bots "lie to customers" profit short turn, but that's all that matters for bonus and shuffle profit to next game in my last battleground i ended up with bots in temple of kotmogu. if you wonder how i can know they are bots, they all took min to exit while running up and down the ramp. finally they all exit, and run back and forth for some seconds until they finally start running their normal path. thats left to right outside entrance. running up and down, up and down all battleground the same path. they all moved in the same way, not like a multiboxer, but like bots. this is sure bots if anyone have any doubts, it was bots, it was bots in a 10man battleground. here are some screenshots: i did report all the bots, i had nothing else to do. and like usual, while reporting many players i get dc probably some function from blizzard to prevent people from using this function, many people get dc for this , i got dc while reporting the bots as a thank you from blizzard. in the end, what can we expect. this is only the most profitable game in history and we only pay around 130euro year to play and blizzard can't spend all any money on costumer support, even if that is the main reason they say that we have to pay so much to play this game, to get good support. on top of this. when i this summer made a post of the official forum complaining about bots, i was rewarded with a perma ban from the forum for promoting the use of bots. so i can never again post on the official forum.
__label__non_math	1.0000	in the latest dragon nest update, players are treated to a host of new content and a level cap increase. developers have indicated that there are new raid bosses to defeat, holiday events in which to take place, and special holiday sales in the dragon vault. the winter holidays have come to dragon nest, and a fun, festive atmosphere permeates the air in town and in dungeons. players can purchase a holiday set package to receive special holiday rewards, or they can defeat santa ducks and rudolph ducks in dungeons to earn holiday fireworks, snowballs, or even a new gesture. players will have plenty to explore in the eleven new dungeons opening up today for players levels and up. fans of player versus player pvp combat will also have all new gear sets to acquire. read more about the scarlet snow update on the dragon nest site.
__label__non_math	0.9957	here s a suggestion for a new year s resolution at work. find at least one feature or capability, on some tool, machine or piece of equipment, that you have previously overlooked or neglected. learn how that feature works or what it does and try to find a way to use that feature to save time, energy or money. share what you discover with others. encourage the people you work with to participate and share their own discoveries. this is a great habit to form. once a week or once a month, find another feature or capability that you re unfamiliar with, learn about it and start using it. one way to find what you might be missing is to browse though the owner s manual or user instructions. i can almost guarantee that any computer software you are using has dozens of such neglected or under used features. there s that icon on the tool bar you ve never tried. click on it and see what it brings up. what about that unexplored tab on the pop-up menus you use all the time? click on it and see what you get. try right-clicking on it, too. useful options often appear. most programs have help screens that offer explanations and guidance. you can start practicing this advice right this very moment. if you re reading this page in print, the rest of the magazine probably has a column or section that you may not read regularly. check one of them out. maybe you re not near the business office at work. maybe you ve never done cnc programming. try reading blackman on taxes or cnc tech talk for example, for insights into those aspects of company operations. if you re reading this on the web at i d like to suggest that you go back to our home page and click on one of the menu items you ve never gone to before. the one i ve been exploring lately is utilities calculators under mms online tools. i just recently discovered the metric conversion tool, which is very handy for getting metric and inch equivalents in seconds. while you re at it, please make a note to visit the subscribe renew page it takes you to the easiest and fastest way to be sure you continue receiving modern machine shop each month or, if you qualify, to start a new subscription. making better use of the tools we already have is the incentive behind this suggested new year s resolution. it s certainly a fitting theme with which to start the year.blog comments powered by disqus
__label__non_math	1.0000	mazak florence, kentucky has announced a two-day r3 event at its midwest technology center in schaumburg, illinois. the refocus, rediscover and reinvent theme of the event will build on principles the company introduced late last year. scheduled for to on march and , the event will feature a variety of speakers, seminars and technology demonstrations. doug woods, president of the amt, will serve as the event s keynote speaker on both days. brian papke, president of mazak corporation, and ben schawe, mazak s vice president of manufacturing, will also provide presentations at the event. attendees will have the opportunity to hear from representatives from a variety of mazak s strategic partners, including kennametal, sandvik coromant, lns, mastercam, gibbscam, renishaw and smw. technical seminars will cover topics including automation systems, multitasking solutions, optimizing turning operations, done-in-one machining and probing strategies. following the two-day r3 event, the company will host a student day on march . students from local high schools and colleges will be invited to attend and speakers will focus on topics relevant to those considering careers in manufacturing.
__label__non_math	0.9999	goodhue county courthouse phone: 651 267- appointed . elected in and . his current term expires in january . j.d., hamline university school of law, m.b.a., management, university of saint thomas, b.a., university of minnesota, deputy chief public defender, first judicial district, assistant public defender, first judicial district, attorney in private practice, bibus and larson, part time public defender and attorney in private practice; o connell, hopper, stacey and bibus; assistant dakota county attorney, judge bibus is the lead judge in goodhue county for the minnesota supreme court s children s justice initiative. he is also a member of the first judicial district executive committee. since he has served on the state court advisory committee s tribal court state court forum.
__label__non_math	0.9471	you're using more water than you think a water footprint is the total volume of freshwater used to produce the goods and services consumed. here are some ways to lighten your water footprint. fri, at prodded by environmental consciousness or penny pinching you installed low-flow showerheads and fixed all the drippy facets. knowing that your manicured lawn was sucking down an unnatural amount of water nearly billion gallons of water is used to irrigate home landscaping, according to the u.s. environmental protection agency you ripped up the turf and replaced it with native plants. you re still using a lot more water than you think. the drought of has generated images of parched landscapes and sun-baked lakebeds. at least states are projecting water shortages between now and , according to a survey by the federal general accounting office. water supplies are finite, and fickle. water, we all know, is essential to life. it is also essential to agriculture, industry, energy and the production of trendy t-shirts. we all use water in ways that go way beyond the kitchen and bathroom. the measure of both direct and indirect water use is known as the water footprint. your water footprint is the total volume of freshwater used to produce the goods and services consumed, according to the water footprint network, an international nonprofit foundation based in the netherlands. the water footprint network has crunched the numbers and developed an online calculator to help you determine the size of your footprint. you ll be astonished to know how much water you re using once you ve converted all those metric measurements into something you can understand. the average american home uses about 260 gallons of water per day, according to the epa. that quarter-pound burger you just gobbled down? more than 600 gallons of water. that ramones t-shirt? more than 700 gallons. so, adjustments to your diet and buying habits can have a much greater impact on the size of your water footprint than taking -second showers. a pound of beef, for example, takes nearly ,800 gallons of water to produce, with most of that going to irrigate the grains and grass used to feed the cattle. a pound of chicken demands just 468 gallons. if you really want to save water, eat more goat. a pound of goat requires 127 gallons of water. we ve been told to cut down on our use of paper to save the forests, but going paperless also saves water. it takes more than ,300 gallons of water to produce a ream of copy paper. even getting treated water to your house requires electricity. letting your faucet run for five minutes, the epa says, uses about as much energy as burning a -watt light bulb for hours. reducing your water footprint also reduces your carbon footprint, the amount of greenhouse gases your lifestyle contributes to the atmosphere and global warming. so, you could say that conserving water is more than hot air. it s connected to almost everything you do. related water stories on mnn:
__label__non_math	0.7326	in this presentation, i will focus on four mysteries things we do not yet know about stuttering in bilingual children and adults and some of the myths associated with these gaps in our current knowledge. to make this essay easier to read, i won't say "bilingual or multilingual" each time the word "bilingual" comes up but in most places, what applies to bilinguals also applies to multilingual speakers - as far as we know - so far. mystery : how many bilingual people are there? it is sometimes confusing to even try to discuss bilingualism because the word bilingual means different things to different people. for some people, bilinguals are people who speak two or more - for multilinguals languages equally and perfectly. people who speak two languages in their daily lives, and can do most things such as talking to people at work, reading the newspaper, understanding conversations with friends sometimes say "oh yes, i can do all that. but i am not bilingual". other people describe themselves as bilingual if they can communicate basic ideas, even if they make many errors in grammar and pronunciation and have a very small vocabulary in one language. in research, both these kinds of people are seen as having different levels of bilingualism. ratings from to or to are often used to estimate where each person falls along the continuous line that goes from "i really only know one language" to "i am one of those rare people who feels equally at home in two languages, no matter what the task or topic". for speaking, hearing, reading, and writing, most of us are at slightly different levels of ability, in each of the languages we know. for this essay - and the discussions i hope it will spark - let's think of bilingualism as being a continuum. we don't divide the world into tall people and short people. there is no rational cut-off to separate "tall" from "short". same thing for "bilingual" and "unilingual". everyone is at some point along the line that goes from strongly unilingual to very, very bilingual. with a broad definition of bilingualism, some authors estimate that there are at least as many people in the world who need to use two or more languages in their daily lives as there are people who can only function in one language see, for example, bhatia ritchie, . we cannot make precise estimates unless we first define what levels of bilingualism are included or excluded from the count and where to divide dialects from languages . mystery : is the incidence of stuttering the same in different languages? there are studies of the incidence of stuttering in different countries. some authors use these studies to say things like "the incidence of stuttering is higher in country x than in country y". but, if each study used different ways of sampling and different ways of determining who stutters, it is not valid to compare across studies. for example, from one study to the next, different methods were used in deciding who is stuttering: parent reports? teachers in schools or day care centres? parents remembering what the child was like or years ago? there are also differences in what counts as stuttering: only for a few months at age ? only people who stuttered for more than a year? only those who reach a given level of severity? when people see these reports, they often speculate about why the incidence figures seem to be different ignoring the differences in how the estimates were reached , often using their favourite aspect of stuttering as the explanation. thus, we see explanations like: "there is more stuttering in country x than in country y because the grammar of the language spoken in country x makes greater demands on memory...." the complexity of a language might be relevant, in some subtle ways including the location of moments of stuttering within a sentence. concluding that the language itself influences the number of people who stutter requires a huge, dangerous leap of logic. there are other possible explanations that have to be ruled out before we can select one of them and reject the others. "there is more stuttering in because that culture views speaking well as very important and the pressure to speak well makes people stutter". this explanation now seems very unlikely, given what we know about the causes of stuttering. now that we understand the importance of genetics and the inherited nature of stuttering for many people, it seems logical to ask whether, in some ethnic groups, more people carry the genes that make them vulnerable to stuttering than is the case in other ethnic groups. perhaps the genetic pool, not cultural or linguistic features, has the strongest influence on the incidence of stuttering. or, more likely, perhaps several causal factors contribute, interacting with each others in ways we do not yet understand. the only way we will ever know if the incidence of stuttering varies across languages or countries is to do international, collaborative studies where the same rigourous methods are used in everywhere then we can propose explanations for the similar or differing rates of stuttering in different languages and or countries. mystery : does speaking more than one language increase the risk of a child stuttering? many people think it does. for the general public, it seems logical. sometimes people reason this way: speaking two languages is hard. for children who stutter, speaking is hard. therefore, children who stutter or those who are at risk of developing stuttering, because of a known family history should not be expected to learn two languages. in the research on stuttering, the demands and capacities model of stuttering seems to apply here. but is it "hard" to learn two languages or is this a myth? if learning two languages as a young child is neurologically or cognitively strenuous, why is it that tens of millions of children do so successfully? are their brains slightly stressed if they have to sort out two languages during the best language-learning years in childhood? most of the research on bilingualism says "no". however, bilingualism is seen as something very positive by most people who do research on it, and most studies are designed to detect advantages and not problems associated with bilingualism. also, this research is based on children with no speech or language problems. in children with a genetic vulnerability to stuttering, is learning two sets of words and grammar rules, and two sets of speech sounds harder than it is for children without this vulnerability? if learning two languages as a child is much harder than learning one, is it all potentially bilingual children or only a sub-group of those who might be at risk for stuttering? how should we interpret the recent and somewhat controversial study by howell, davis and williams that found a higher incidence of stuttering in children if they began learning english the language of their new country? before age ? were there other reasons for the finding that children who learned english before starting school were more likely to stutter than those who reportedly began learning english when they began school in london, england? see packman, et al, letter to the editor and howell et al.'s reply. there are four other, older studies that have led some people to conclude that bilingualism is too great a strain for children who stutter. in each case, these studies have serious flaws that make it impossible to draw any conclusions from them. travis, johnson and shover asked people with no training in communication disorders such as priests and steel company personnel directors to talk to young children and classify them as stuttering or not stuttering based on one interview. stern interviewed children if their parents reported that they stuttered. in both these studies, we have little information about the type of speech sample obtained, how long it was or how the disfluencies were counted. applying current standards to these studies, they would not be accepted for publication. dale reported that four cuban-american teenagers reported feeling that being made to speak their weaker language made them more disfluent. most bilinguals have a stronger and a weaker language. for these teens, their first language - spanish - was their weaker language, since so much of their lives at school and with friends took place in english, their second language. this study "blames" bilingualism. but we have no information about real disfluency rates across different situations, and dale does not distinguish between normal disfluencies and tense, stuttered disfluencies. there are studies showing that, in adults, the memory load of speaking in their weaker language may lead to a higher number of normal disfluencies ums, uh's, revisions in the weaker language than in the preferred language e.g., fehringer fry, . perhaps that is all that was happening in this study. dale offers no data to support the notion that any of the four adolescents, in fact, stuttered. karniol described how stuttering appeared to increase and decrease in a young boy whose environment included exposure to various levels of english, hebrew, and hungarian during an extremely tense time that included a war going on around him. with the information provided, we cannot tell what his real level of exposure to each language was siblings, friends, parents etc. and whether his parents' attempts to expose him to only hebrew had any impact on what is described as a recovery from stuttering. the parents' diaries cover a period of approximately one year age to age when the boy was in the age group where the chances of spontaneous recovery from stuttering are very, very high. there is still no clinical research to support the strategy of removing one language from a child's environment. recent reviews of the literature do not find support for doing this routinely for all children e.g., bernstein ratner, ; roberts shenker, ; van borsel, maes foulon, . some clinicians do this, however, if they work in a demands and capacities framework or if the child also has delayed language and or problems learning the speech sounds of his her language. until there is solid evidence on the impact of bilingualism in young children i.e. a series of studies, done by different authors, ideally on different types of speakers and different pairs of languages , each clinician is left to try a particular strategy and assess its impact on a case by case basis. mystery : do some bilingual people stutter in only one language? as of , i am still not aware of any documented case of this occurring. like the loch ness monster, there are reported sightings from time to time, but no real proof that this is possible. in my years working with bilingual adults who stutter, i never assessed or treated a case of "unilingual stuttering". note: if you know of someone who stutters in only one of their two or more languages, i would be interested in exploring this with you. just because there are no documented cases does not mean that it never occurs nonetheless, given the roles of genetics and motor processes in stuttering, it is highly unlikely that someone would stutter in only one of their languages. van riper cites second- and third-hand reports of two people reported to stutter in only one of their two languages, but offers no data. howell, davis and williams report that of the children in their bilingual group stuttered in only one language, but there is no supporting data about the rates of disfluencies, or the level of proficiency in each language and the children were not assessed using a range of speaking tasks. roberts and shenker , table outlined the steps that would be required to show that someone with a working knowledge of two languages stutters in only one language. sometimes, when someone appears to stutter in only one language it could be for one or more of the following reasons: there are more and more studies about stuttering in different languages and some studies and soon, a new book edited by howell and van borsel that focus specifically on stuttering in bilingual speakers. this is a very welcome change. ten or fifteen years ago, there was little awareness that bilingual stuttering was a topic that needed exploring. perhaps in a future isad forum, there will be articles about the answers to the questions raised in this one. bernstein ratner, n. . fluency and stuttering in bilingual children. in b.goldstein ed. bilingual language development and disorders in spanish-english speakers pp. 287-308 . baltimore: paul h. brookes. bhatia, t.k., ritchie, w.c. . introduction. in t.k. bhatia w.c. ritchie eds. the handbook of bilingualism pp. - , oxford: blackwell publishing. dale, p. . factors relating to disfluent speech in bilingual cuban-american adolescents. journal of fluency disorders, , 311-314. fehringer, c., fry, c. . hesitation phenomena in the language production of bilingual speakers. folia linguistica, , -. howell, p., davis, s. williams,r. . the effects of bilingualism on stuttering during late childhood. archives of disease in childhood, , - karniol, r. . stuttering out of bilingualism. first language, , 255-283. packman,a., onslow, m., reilly, s. et al. . stuttering and bilingualism. archives of disease in childhood, , 248. a letter to the editor re the howell, davis and williams study roberts, p.m. shenker, r.c. . assessment and treatment of stuttering in bilingual speakers. in r.f. curlee e.g. conture eds . stuttering and related disorders of fluency 3rd edition pp. 183-209 . new york: thieme medical publishers. stern, e. . a preliminary study of bilingualism and stuttering in four johannesburg schools. journal of logopedics, , -. travis, l.e., johnson, w., shover, j. . the relation of bilingualism to stuttering: a survey in the east chicago, indiana, schools. journal of speech disorders, , 185-189. van borsel, j. maes, e., foulon, s. . stuttering and bilingualism: a review. journal of fluency disorders, , 179-205.
__label__non_math	0.9993	ara - the kitchen and bathroom are at the top of most home remodeling project lists. but homeowners intent on remodeling should also consider investing in the exterior of their homes - maybe even start there. that's the advice of sarah susanka, one of the nation's leading voices for redefining the american home, and author of the not so big house series, a collection of nine books focusing on home design, architecture and remodeling. the reason for investing in the exterior is simple. the exterior should set the tone for your home's interior look and feel. also, first impressions really do count to the long-term value of a house, especially when it comes time to sell it. "i firmly believe that the experience we have in living in our homes can have a profound impact on the way we look at life," susanka says. "that experience begins the moment we walk, bike or drive up to it, and extends through the transitions we make as we move between the landscape, the exterior and the interior of the home." the feeling of satisfaction that comes from making your house look good on the outside is experienced at many levels - from the colors and textures of your home to the quality of the materials used to build or remodel it, to the benefits of those materials in the long term, such as the character they lend, or the ease of maintenance they offer. the good news is that if you haven't remodeled your house in a long time, there are a number of new, sustainable products that are helping homeowners create exteriors that are both beautiful and green, such as apex siding and integrity windows, both made with pultruded fiberglass, a tough, low-maintenance, sustainable material offering a rich selection of colors. "a not so big house is not only built better rather than bigger," adds susanka. "it is also designed to be a good custodian of the planet's resources. it's built to last. finding green products that also make it easy for homeowners to maintain the home is a big step toward true sustainability. if a house isn't both beautiful and practical, no matter how green the materials used, it won't live up to its sustainability goals. people only look after what they love, and beauty is a big part of that picture." if you're thinking about remodeling in the near future, here are several more ideas to make the most of your remodeling budget: create a master plan. many homeowners cannot afford to do a complete remodeling. most do it in chunks. before you lift a hammer, hire an architect to create a master plan for your home, which will guide your remodeling efforts for years to come. connecting inside with outside. the interior and exterior of your home need to work together. they need to be integrated and harmonize with one another as you move from the surrounding landscape to the interior, or as you look out from inside your home to the garden beyond. to enhance this connection, think about the first impression you want to give a visitor. do you want it to communicate comfort? connectedness to the outdoors? creativity? or tradition? all these can be accomplished with thoughtful detailing of the home's exterior, as well as landscaping. small changes; huge impact. small changes to the exterior, such as adding another color to the exterior palette, adding texture such as stone, brick or lap siding, or framing the windows with wider trim boards, can have a huge impact on the look of your home, and make it feel both more expressive and more inviting. choose sustainable products. it's important not only to the environment, but to the overall maintenance and longevity of your home. consider remodeling your house with some of the new, high quality sustainable products that are entering the remodeling marketplace, such as apex siding, susanka's current favorite find, which is made from pultruded fiberglass, derived from sand. reduce maintenance and future repairs. another key to remodeling is to use materials and building methods that are resistant to wear, tear and the elements rain, sunlight , which reduce the likelihood of needing to make expensive repairs in the future, as well as reducing the amount of time spent on maintenance. knowing that your home is well protected from the elements is an important part of the overall satisfaction with your home. mix it up. many people are afraid to use more than one color on the exterior of their home. that's why so many houses appear dull and lifeless. consider using two colors of siding and a third color for your trim boards to add personality and vitality to the exterior. products like apex fiberglass siding and trim, and integrity windows, for example, are available in a palette of rich and attractive colors. also, consider adding a trim band, or belt line, below main level windows of your home, and using a contrasting color of siding below that band to help ground the house and connect it in with the surrounding landscape. invest in quality over quantity. even with a limited budget, try to invest in high-quality products that will look good for the long haul, and will stand the tests of time, rather than buying lower-quality products that may offer the short term benefit of getting a greater share of your remodeling projects done, but which end up looking dilapidated and unattractive in short order. you'll feel better about the integrity of your home by focusing a significant part of your budget on the bones and outer clothing of your home - the roof, siding, windows, electrical, plumbing and hvac systems.
__label__non_math	0.9759	veigar build guide by evildice this build has been archived and is for historical display only. please note: this build has been archived by the author. they are no longer supporting nor updating this build and it may have become outdated. as such, voting and commenting have been disabled and it no longer appears in regular search results. we recommend you take a look at this author's other builds. mastery tree is outdated warning: these masteries are still using the old tree and have not been updated to the new tree by the guide author. as such, they will be different than the masteries you see in-game. please try out the build before voting commenting and please leave a comment if you have any questions criticisms of the build. thanks and enjoy i'm evildice, and i'm a level and long time viegar player. as a matter of fact, he was the first champion i bought and he's still my favorite. i've experimented with a lot of different items on veigar and i eventually made a build that works for me and helps me to win the vast majority of the games i play with the little guy. just thought i'd share my build and the way i play the tiny master of evil. if my build is liked i might add a bit more strategy sections. if not, oh well, i'm open to feedback. hope you at least learn a thing or two and give it a shot. i want to help you enjoy being the definition of paiiiiiiiinnnnn. my ranked stats with veigar elo - build re created. - a ton of new content and build revisions added. new combo notes, items section made easier to read and hopefully less wall of textish. more notes in the other items section and size of the item icons increased. - dv trollvote section added, patch section changed. really trying to get a video up for you guys but my computer just can't handle this recording software : - replays - runes updated. hourglass moved to the top of the other items section. - new dv trollvotes added - another dv added - runes and masteries section added, trollvote added. - replay added. might add a section this weekend we'll see. - major update is here - dv trollvote section removed, faq section added. i think this will achieve what the goal of the old section was better. - mejai's removed from build up top because at a higher level of play mejai's is not as good of an item. i almost never get it in ranked. what did the last patch do for veigar? v.126...199 veigar gets a new dance our little buddy gets a buff morello's evil tome in theory could be an excellent item on veigar. it boasts extremely high mana regen and tied for the most cdr in the game. gonna be hard to find a spot for it, though. i'll do some testing. nothing much to report really. runes got hit some, however you shouldn't notice too much of a difference. deathcap has also been hit with some significant cost nerfs. this is understandable as it is basically the infinity edge of casters. continue to build it, it's still a great item. the last patch was a huge buff to veigar. rabadon's deathcap is a very strong item and will aid all casters including our favorite yordle in achieving a high ap count thus doing more damage. in addition to the direct buff to veigar's damage output, because rabadon's deathcap buffs all other caster's ap, this is an indirect buff to veigar's ultimate. he will now be able to hit even harder with primordial burst and become an even scarier threat to casters. after this buff veigar is going to be respected and feared a lot more and will be an even better pick in ranked play. very nice buff. let me start by saying that runes are completely and totally personal preference. here i am going to suggest some good sets that you may want to try out. build for your playstyle my set recommended : this is the current set of runes i am running. no alternative to marks for that extremely important magic pen. mana per reds provide all the mana regen you will need to get out of earlygame surpass flats at level . ap per level quints will give your damage a nice boost for late game and flat health quints to keep you safe earlygame. greater seal of vitality this set focusses on having a nice, safe late game while dishing out some mad burst. if you have these runes laying around and are dying way too fast try it out. burst damage set: to hell with survivability see top for specifics... wtf??? you take good hands read it. i am helping you out for every champion you play. what about awareness? it has a decent exp boost... while awareness is nice early game you are probably going to struggle with mana some. thus, awareness is not incredibly important for you. we are all going to reach level sometime, you just are going to be slightly slower. what about greed? don't you need gold? greed generates 180 gold in minutes. that's about minion kills. i'll pass. if you were to alter your masteries, what would you do? i would substitute the three points into movespeed into exp. movespeed isn't incredibly noticeable but it does make a difference, as does awareness. passive: equillibrium - veigar's mana regen is increased by . by each of mana missing. a decent passive. combined with a meki pendant, it should allow you to stay in your lane and farm for a long time. q: baleful strike - active: unleashes dark energy at target enemy dealing -260 .per ability power magic damage. if the target is killed, veigar gains ability power. passive: veigar gains -ability power when he kills a champion from any source of damage. this ability is the reason why veigar is the most common champion to see with 600 ap. last hit, last hit, and last hit some more one more quick note - if the enemy grabs a banshee's veil, this is the spell you use to pop it before you stun . w: dark matter - after .seconds, dark matter falls from the sky to the target location, dealing 120-320 per ability power magic damage. veigar's main damaging ability with a :ap ratio. this ability has two major uses. you can, a nuke the opposing team for terrible, terrible damage, or b use it to farm minions once it is maxed . other uses for this ability include scaring away the enemy when they are chasing you, checking brush and neutral creeps, and scaring the enemy away from attacking your tower. e: event horizon - veigar twists the edges of space around the target location for seconds, stunning enemies who pass through the perimeter for .-.seconds. you are going to come to love this stun. it is an aoe stun that can turn the tide of teamfights. the enemy is stunned on the outer edge, so you want to try to land the edge right on their face. again, this one will take some practice to land. only repetition is going to help. the main use for this ability is to set up your combo covered later . it can also be used to catch enemies for chasing, to stop enemies chasing you, and my favorite to stick those guys who try to towerdive you in their place for the kill. this is a picture i took from roku's veigar guide on the lol forums. as you can see it's pretty outdated but it looks pretty accurate to me. use this as a guideline at your own risk :p credit goes to roku for the pic ultimate: primordial burst - blasts an enemy champion, dealing 250-500 per ability power plus his target's ap in magic damage. gotta love veigar's ult. once you ult a caster once, they will run all the way to their nexus every time they see you coming. :ap ratio the opponents ap can add up to a whole lot of damage. use it mainly on the enemy caster in your combo to instagib them. it can also be very useful against non-ap champions as well. the one thing that makes me really mad is when i see another veigar straight up ult me when i am at full health. please only use your ult if you are at least sure you can get a kill from it items and playstyle first off i want to say that i prefer veigar in the sidelanes rather than in mid. this is because i feel that most champions in mid simply outdo veigar and to keep up, you have to constantly use abilities which means constantly using mana. since the focus of veigar is to simply farm up ap earlygame, i have an easier time with him in the sidelane. alright, now to items. this is going to give you a nice amount of mana regen to get you off to a good start. the two health pots are for survivability. now go out to your lane and start farming with baleful strike. your main focus at the beginning of the game is to farm up and get as much ap as possible. you don't have to be too aggressive, save your stun and nuke for special situations. for the most part you want to play defensive and keep the fight at your tower. if the enemy tries to attack you in range of the tower wanting to hit you just one more time, make him pay and drop event horizon on his face immediately. this could be enough to net the kill and get you first blood. you can also take advantage of aoe spells such as nasus's spirit fire and take a little damage then drop the stun. again, the tower will help you with a couple of hits and it could again net you a kill. there will also be other times when you will want to be aggressive towards the enemy and go for the kill. you'll know when. just because i'm saying to play defensive with veigar doesn't mean you won't get kills. in fact, you may end up with more kills than you would playing aggressively, and you'll be more farmed with more ap and money. suffering awaits before heading into mid game, your next items to prioritize are sorc's and kage. sorcerer's shoes are the clear choice for veigar, as the magic pen is just irresistible and... necessary. kage's lucky pick is going to provide a marginal boost to your damage output and give you some cash. not to mention it builds towards your bread and butter, a deathfire grasp. in this stage the game is starting to transition to mid game. you should now start looking for ganks especially casters with half health or lower . if you don't see any good ganks, continue on to your lane and buy a ward if you have the money for it. if you do see a sexy gank, take advantage of it you deny the darkness in your soul you know how to not deny the darkness in your soul? steal some other souls. veigar is basically telling you with his taunt, buy a mejai's even death trembles in my presence: now you are looking at that goofy face on the shield thing, then looking at me well, my avatar , then looking back at the haunting guise and saying... is this guy an idiot??? no. haunting guise is perhaps the most underrated item in the game. think about it. enough magic pen to get most of your targets close to zero, ap, and some quick and early survivability. haunting guise brings late game to veigar so much earlier, and though your ap may be lower than the archangel's builds, your damage most definitely isn't. next up is a deathfire grasp. this beauty is going to give you so much burst it isn't funny. it is veigar's bread and butter. i'm honestly pretty shocked that in his splash art his weapon is an evil staff. it really should be a deathfire grasp. drag this item to slot . congratulations, you now have a second ultimate on a second cooldown. you absolutely must utilize deathfire grasp for it to not be a wasted item space. this is an amazing item for veigar's burst and a very necessary one , but you have to use it now the game is getting later on and teamfights are probably forming so you know where to go. become aware of the creep camps and golem and try to kill them whenever they are up unless a teammate needs golem more . the wraiths and wolves should be pretty easy to clear out by now, just use dark matter and they are gone. in teamfights you will want to stay back until your combo is off cooldown. when it is, run in, and use event horizon and dark matter on the enemy. then back up and repeat. when you think you can get a kill and you can get them on casters almost regardless of their health , you are going to extend your combo. before dark matter hits you have slain an enemy. the reason i decide to use my ult before q is simply put sometimes in teamfights they are going to focus you. you want to get off as much damage as possible before you are forced to retreat and sometimes this cuts out your last spell. you may not even need a baleful strike to finish the enemy off, so make sure you do as much damage as you can. you don't want to be chased away with your ult unused. you are going to be doing this for all of lategame and if you're doing it right, they won't leave their tower. i cannot stress how important positioning is on this yordle. you want the enemy to have to go through hell and then some to be able to kill you. run in, nuke someone and gtfo suffering awaits veigar was raping too much so riot made him buy his hat. douche move imo, but probably necessary. anyway you need to buy your hat, there's a reason riot took it away. as if you weren't doing enough damage already, deathcap pretty much seals the enemie's fate. who ever veigar decides to gib is gonna get gibbed. he's got his hat now, es. now if you haven't bought any magic pen, you need to do so now. even if you have, you will most likely need more magic pen. if you think you need a little more get an abyssal scepter if you need a lot more if their team is stacking magic resist get a void staff. also, you may be in a point in the game where you have all items. ideally you are going to end up with an abyssal scepter here as it will provide some awesome magic resist as well, and most of the time you will get this item. also, you may be at a point in the game now where you have items. sell your haunting guise and upgrade to an abyssal scepter if you didn't just buy one. chances are your game is over by now and you are spamming j required to succeed with this build before the victory screen pops up. however if this is not the case, you may not be maxed out on items. if your mejai's is failing, or if you never bought one, the last pick is going to be an hourglass. with huge ap, armor, and a kickass active, hourglass is going to make you set for lategame. optional but reccommended veigar is a champion who has a lot of different playstyles and there are a lot of different ways to build him. here are some other items i've seen used by other veigars and that i've tried as well which you may want to consider if you don't like some of the items mentioned above. these items are organized in what i feel to be most to least viable. the top are all items i buy from time to time in some situations. try 'em out archangel's staff - this is a very strong item to achieve high ap levels. i've actually been using this for my sixth item recently and it works well even if you don't charge up the tear. may make the main build soon. elixir of brilliance - always a good item on any caster for the mid lategame as a money blower. however, make sure it's worth the investment. when you pop this elixir, you'd better be sure you are in some kind of fight where it's benefits will go to use. don't just blow your money on it unless you are in one of those insanely long games . will of the ancients - wota is a great item on a team with ap champions. the spell vamp is nice and ap of it for team mates is nothing to scoff at, especially at the relatively cheap price. it's a great item, but it is very situational. rod of ages - i'd definitely recommend this to players new to veigar as it gives him decent ap, mana and survivability. if you are going to get this, buy it as quickly as possible. banshee's veil - good item on almost any champion who is struggling with spells and cc. it's ok to get this however i feel you should try to be away from the thick of the fight as much as possible. if you have to get it go ahead. it will take away from your damage but you gotta do what you gotta do. lich bane - in my opinion, veigar should simply not play with a lb. i prefer to be out of the fight until my combo is off cooldown not throwing around baleful strikes and autoattacking to make the most out of this item. it's just not worth it. veigar for the most part is a single target nuker and this can easily be achieved with the items in my build. it is also worth noting the a lich bane is the second most expensive caster item in the game. on paper it looks like a nice item considering how high veigar's ap can get but i just don't feel it fits his role well. rylai's scepter - out of all the items on this list this is the one i really don't agree with. sure it's nice for the survivability, but you are not a chaser first off i will state, once again, that mid in my opinion is not the best option. you are easy to stop from last hitting via harassment, which veigar has no real answer for. however, if you play an opponent who can't harass you well, mid can be awesome for your farming. if a ranged carry on your team asks you for mid, give it to them. they need it more. you can still farm well in the side lane my tips for mid would be to definitely start with a doran's ring, and possibly build another if you think you are going to need it. enhander, who'ms thoughts you are about to read, builds two rings. play verry defensive mid, and focus on getting that last hit, backing off and repeating. against rough harassers you may need to just stun them in order to get a last hit. it's necessary. once you hit level you can start to your e w combo, but don't just try to nuke them up front, it won't work until you soften 'em up a bit. look to gank when you get the opportunity; you can do it very well. i would also advise to get a tank to help you with blue buff as soon as possible. this is going to allow you to spam your spells a lot more. alright, enhander is going to take it from here. this is his mini-guide on how to go mid. he is a level veigar mainer and likes to go mid side lane. he has more expirience mid than me most likely and wrote this awesome mini-guide so i wanted to share it with those who want to do mid. again, all credit goes to enhander. here you go i find that playing a passive veigar mid is nice. because veigar is relatively weak early game, solely focusing on last hitting creeps with no other distractions is why i go mid: mid usually produces the squishy opponents: teemo, ashe, karthus, twisted fate, etc. in addition, veigar is a powerful level ganker, and mid lane gives him that choice of whether to gank bot or top usually, i will start off very passive, only going in attack range of creeps to last hit with baleful strike before backing off to about 700 range of the creeps. in higher level gameplay, people will not be very stupid, but usually in a solo-queue this lulls them into the sense that "i am more poweful than this guy and i can tower dive for those little harass hits" which is where event horizon becomes a big wakeup call. i keep doing this until level and my exp is halfway full. at this point, i allow my passive to save up mana. once i hit level and my baleful strike is level , i start spamming my baleful strike at the enemy. usually, this brings them down to about health where one of two happens: they are not very smart and stay in the lane usually in solo-queue non-ranked . in this case, a simple flash event horizon primordial burst baleful strike ignite will finish them easily, sometimes without ignite. the second situation is that they back off and go back to base via recall, in which case their tower is pushed and i go gank top or bottom which usually results in a kill. if neither bot or top is pushed past the river into our side, i will just push mid lane's tower while the opponent is gone. here are some good picks to lane with as veigar. as a rule of thumb, you want to pick someone who can protect you and allow you to last hit. or you want someone who pushes like a baws. this will actually protect you pretty well however there is also the prospect of jungle ganks. usually, you just want to go with the tank. this list is going to be in alphabetical order. just going to be a list, however i might add explanations at a later time. veigar's best buddies: the best of the best, these guys are gonna make sure that you are safe and secure. common attributes here are good cc, tankiness, and range. this group will give veigar a bit rougher of a time, but still should give the little yordle opportunity to last hit. xin zhao that isn't uber aggressive veigar's worst enemies... on his team: veigar hates these guys. they either require last hitting for their abilities like him sion, nasus , or are just like him in that they are squishy and need help. or they require aggression that veigar simply cannot support. pretty much every ranged dps. pretty much every caster. this is how i skill veigar in a normal game. pretty uncommon right? i like this order because it gives me some good earlygame ability to last hit. once the game begins to transition to mid lategame, i begin to max out my nuke for terrible terrible damage. after dark matter is maxed, you can opt for more levels of event horizon if the enemy is getting merc's treads. if the merc's treads are bugging you earlier than this, you can choose to lose a level of baleful strike and dark matter to grab a couple levels of event horizon. a lot of people have said in the comments that one level of event horizon just isn't enough. i disagree with this, however i see where they are coming from. if you want to grab a second level, you are going to want to get it sometime between level and level . i just feel that the normal stun time at level is time enough to get everything off unless it's a vlad or someone with the flash summoner spell who decides to use it. gotta cast fast bros this is also organized from most to least viable. what i use: - ghost your stun will make it very hard for enemies to catch you. i mainly use ghost as an escape ability, however it is also useful for chasing. - i think flash is another great escape item on veigar and very useful. i don't know how many kills i've gotten when i flash baleful strike the enemy to finish them off. i use flash evenly for offensive and defensive purposes. it's a very versatile ability. great spell. what you can use: - very useful spell to finish off the enemy. it is nice for firstblooding. - a nice spell to stay in your lane even when harassed and to keep your mana and health up. also nice for lategame map control. - i would only get this if nobody else on your team has it and the other team has someone like tryndamere or yi. i just feel that ghost does everything you need so much better than exhaust and you would only want it to blind their carry. - if you are screwed by cc cleanse can help save your life, but you should avoid cc as much as possible as a caster. stay in the back and you should be ok. cleanse does have its uses though. - well, i honestly would never take this, but it's not a terrible choice. just feel all the spells above can help benefit you more. what i don't recommend: - imo this more fit for support champions to help everyone with mana troubles and to keep the fight going. teleport does everything this does for you plus restore health plus allow you to buy items. - once again, mainly for supports. buy wards. - doesn't really fit your role. you need the other spells more. - see fortify. - you aren't a jungler or a buff stealer, leave that to others on the team. - don't really need to explain this one... here i will post some replays of good games to learn from as they happen. you are going to have to download lol replay to be able to watch them. kudos to downsite for suggesting this decent game with some mistakes and luck with the other team's difficulties... however it showcases his combo and my playstyle fairly well. another game where they struggled with lag a bit. was a pretty large stomp but the thing to note here is how we dominated bot, i farmed hard and around -minutes i hit annie with my w for - of her health. skill order works bros this is stuff i get all the time in the comments and i'm tired of having to continue answering the same stuff. so here you go. i don't like your skill order. why do you max dark matter? most likely, you haven't tried it i don't like your skill order. why don't you max baleful strike? because it is not your main damage ability. it has a low mana cost and you can spam it, however you should not be spamming it at enemies. veigar is not a sustained damage champion. he is a run up burst the out of someone then back off champion. you should be farming with your q, not spamming it. this is achieved pretty easily with a level q. why are you getting magic pen? you aren't supposed to be killing tanks... go find me a high elo game longer than minutes where the caster did not build any magic pen. do it. there's a reason you can't find one. the magical item that counters every caster in the game is a negatron cloak. this reduces your damage by - . any enemy with half a brain who sees you building magic pen will get it. you don't fix that damage reduction with more ap, you fix it with magic pen. oh, and btw, just because you aren't supposed to be killing tanks doesn't mean you can't, just sayin'. why are you getting a haunting guise? it's a fantastic mid game item. in other words, because i like to not be useless for of the game. i prefer different runes summoner spells. ubad. good for you. runes and summoners are completely dependent on personal preference and playstyle. mine probably is not exactly the same as yours. there's your answer. i invite you to expiriment with your own rune and mastery builds as well as the item build to find something that is perfect for you early game i do not do enough damage... why is this? you are veigar, that's why. his early game is not as strong as other champions. you make up for this late game, however. i am struggling a lot with mana.. what should i do? first of all, this build is optimized for level 30s with full rune pages. if you do not have mana regen seals the game may be rough for you and you may want to buy a tear catalyst. if you are level , however i will tell you that mana can be rough early on. going back to base a couple times is not the end of the world, however. as the games go on mana is going to get easier, especially once you have your dfg. i also cannot stress enough the importance of grabbing blue buff whenever it is up. get the blue buff veigar - a vicious villain veigar, an overly comprehensive guide viegar epic mid ap veigar - the big boom
__label__non_math	0.9601	when you think of winter bicycling, you probably think of snow tires, thick coats, and ski gloves. the truth is that winter biking is easier, warmer, and more comfortable than you think. depending on the year, there are not many days with snow on the roads. if you bike only when the roads are clear, you ll still be on your bike most of the winter. areas with more snow deal with it efficiently. the year we lived in chicago, the snowplows were out before the first snowflake hit the ground. as the weather gets colder, the challenge is to stay cool enough. it s easy to overdress. just this morning, someone called out to me, a bit nippy for a bike ride, isn t? but i was actually sweating. in my opinion, the main challenge to winter bicycling is convincing yourself that it s not going to be as cold outside as you think when you are sitting in front of the fireplace with a cat on your lap. it really isn t, despite what the cat says. other than that, i d say the most important thing for winter biking is lights, because of these short and drab days. the purpose of lights is not so you can see, but so that others can see you. i recommend at least two sets of lights. a dead battery or a burned out bulb is no big deal if you have redundancy. one evening i was down by two lights and i was still street legal and safe with one white front light and one red rear light. you can get inexpensive lights at walmart or the bike co-op. test them regularly. the batteries last a while but it s easy to forget to turn the lights off. that s why i love my reelights, powered by magnets. their reliability is worth the expense.
__label__non_math	0.9999	nearly two inches of rain fell tuesday in the moberly area. the rain continued as st. pius x school students were dismissed for the day. dressed in rainwear, older students patrol the school crossing assuring youngsters safely cross the street. national catholic schools week is being observed january -february with the theme "catholic schools raise the standards." planned events for the week: monday: spirit jean day; tuesday: movie treat day; wednesday: academic excellence day all on the a or b honor roll for first or second quarter receive a certificate and an extra recess; friday: fun and games in the gym. the 8th grade will play volleyball against the faculty and staff.
__label__non_math	1.0000	"i wanted minx eyelash extensions as i had heard great stuff about them. marian showed up on time and was very nice to be with. she did a great job too beverly payne harrow "my little one needed his first haircut for his christening but i was too scared. gemma was available the following weekend and did a great job. what an easy system to use wilma cartland ipswich "i found this website from the search engine and requested a call back from agy. i appointed my new therapist in less than minutes and been with her ever since sharon miller fulham "great site, found you through google and within a few clicks i had made my appointment." billie cross chesterfield our booking system is currently going through some changes and is not working. please do not make any bookings online as the therapist will not get the details. instead request a callback or ask them a question, both of these features are still operating.
__label__non_math	0.9997	new e ink reader hits the streets: lbook ereader v3 view single post join date: oct location: northeast us device: ipad, ebw if they end up offering onboard hwr, i'll dump my iliad and switch. meanwhile, my offer to do usability testing with a non-technical focus group of book lovers stands. life is not so short but that there is always time for courtesy. ralph waldo emerson click here for ministry of unutterable silliness loot -- featuring is an ipad an ? what about the entourage edge? hm... view public profile visit nekokami's homepage find more posts by nekokami track posts by nekokami via rss
__label__non_math	0.9966	originally posted by daffy4u i forgot to add, i absolutely love being able to download samples on whim. it's helping be curb my desire to buy everything i have even the least bit of interest in. you make a great point. i just ordered a kindle, but i didn't even really consider that such an asset. when i was a teenager, i worked in a library and i used to have books out at at time. it was great
__label__non_math	0.9477	i purchased an ipaq in september. as soon as i learned that its screen is glass. i attached all the armours it has and kept using them all the time i.e. tinted plastic faceplate and beltclip .however it fell off from a coffe table the other day only 35cm height intending to buy an ipaq think twice again
__label__non_math	0.9832	i am looking through the internet sites trying to find out about macbooks and came across your forum. i have a macbook purchased in september received in oct. a few months after purchase the lcd inverter and panel shorted out. the local certified apple technician called the 2nd day to inform me that parts were ordered and it would be a few days. the next day he called to inform me that the hard drive "burned" up. i asked if the parts were in yet and he replied, "no." unfortunately the hdd was upgraded by me, a seagate momentus 5yr warranty drive, so it was not covered under apple 3rd party clause but i had to go to seagate for that issue. when i contacted seagate they interviewed me thoroughly and i was routed to a technician who requested that i get the drive in my possession and call back. after doing so i contacted seagate and the technician asked me about a "burned smell" that was described by the apple technician and myself. he informed me that the "charred" smell" indicated one thing - an over voltage situation and not a seizure which, he described would be near impossible in the momentus line and would not cause the smell or the black on the outer case. they replaced my drive but he also cautioned me that i should be concerned for the rest of my computer in a high voltage situation. i got the computer back about a week later working. right away i noticed that the bluetooth wireless was going in and out via the display on the top right. at first i thought it was the router then checked another wireless machine and became concerned. it somehow corrected itself though and the problem disappeared; however, the situation seems to continue. last week i used the computer at night until the battery message came on requesting a charge. i plugged the power adapter in and the yellow cord light came on. the next morning the light was green. i tried to boot the machine and nothing happened. no power, no sound-nothing. i took it in to our new apple store and they replaced the logic board and messaged me that it was ready. the next day i went to the store who informed me that the machine was sent off, that it had failed even when the top keyboard pad and logic board were replaced in-store and the problem was unresolved. the next day i checked with applecare and there was a message on the status that the repair was on hold "need information." i called and was told that at first they were unable to duplicate the problem then later they were able to duplicate it; however, the notes said that they had rebooted over times with only a few successful tries. at this point i am not sure what a solution is other than to give me another laptop but that has not been an option given to me at this point. i need the computer to do my work but am stuck in limbo. i am going to ask, if the option for new comes to me, to pay the difference and get a pro ." perhaps it is a better unit. also, i bought applecare days ago for the macbook. i would want that transferred to the new one and move on with life. i hope that is the solution but who knows?
__label__non_math	1.0000	game browser the requested page could not be found, perhaps one of these games might be what you are looking for.
__label__non_math	0.9996	developed by: beearcade john and ken got recently married. they planned to celebrate their honeymoon in the land of deserts. finally, they choose dubai for their exotic and memorable place where they can expose and explore their love towards each other. we have some important news to share with you about mochi coins and mochigames.com mochi coins are going away. as of , you will no longer be able purchase additional mochi coins. as of , mochi coins will no longer exist. this means that you won t see a coins balance in your mochigames account, and you won t be able to use them in games. you have options
__label__non_math	1.0000	no matching records were found. please modify your search criteria and try again. museum of contemporary photography at columbia college chicago 600 south michigan avenue chicago, il the mocp is closed when columbia college chicago is closed, including all major holidays. the mocp is also closed between exhibitions for installation. be sure to check our homepage before your visit.
__label__math	0.9864	you could use any random mac address provided that it is not a same one as other device connected in the same lan. jump to content edited by tillaz, november - . edited by wrtease, november - . members, guests, anonymous users
__label__non_math	0.9974	we'll let you know if it's back in stock added to wishlist cowled night dress final sale: this item cannot be returned or exchanged. - polyester, spandex. - shell fabric does not provide stretch. lining fabric provides stretch. elasticized waist provides approximately .inches of stretch. loose fit at bust. length measurement taken at shortest point of hem. longest point of hem runs approximately .inches longer than shortest point. removable sash ties at waist. - hand wash cold separately; color will bleed. do not bleach. hang to dry. - lined through skirt. sheer.
__label__non_math	0.9995	we'll let you know if it's back in stock added to wishlist ewe hungry bento box by shinzi katoh final sale: this item cannot be returned or exchanged. - measures .inches in length, .inches in width and .inches in depth. - hand wash recommended. - includes open compartments that measure .inches in width and .inches in length and inch in depth.
__label__non_math	0.9627	sins of a solar empire is a real-time space strategy and the first chapter in an epic science fiction saga. the independent trader worlds must unite and form the trader emergency coalition to defend themselves against the return of their exiled brethren, "the advent" and the arrival of the desperate remnants of the ancient vasari empire. explore and conquer nearby planets and distant solar systems by applying brute force, cunning strategy, elegant diplomacy, economic mastery, and researched technology. the gameplay features seamless transition between epic strategy and tactical combat modes. mini-mod adding blue arcadia as a tech capital ship for demonstration purposes.
__label__non_math	1.0000	audi famam illius. spen omnibus, terror omnibus, mihi quoque. ille iuxta me i have heard legends of that person. revered by many, feared by many, me too. now that person stands by my side. no blog entries have been posted here. boring yes, but as confucius says - if you have nothing good to say, why say anything at all? check back later, perhaps something exciting will pop-up and be worth blogging about, like season of the teletubbies. speak your mind, rant about games, mods and the development scene, it's simple and who knows maybe someone will read it and agree. it will feel right
__label__math	0.9197	ok had a look into the build and decided to have a go. the base is a basic springer hull with a :reduction drive a mfa 540 motor and a blade 40mm plastic prop can be changed later . the deck is a piece of alloy signage ,looks like a piece of plastic in a alloy sandwich .i have recently bought a large sheet of 5mm foam board to make some templates for a coaster so i decided to use the off cuts for the deck with plasticard for the cab ,and the fifth wheel is made from wood which is pivoted like the real thing . i did try to glue the foam board with liquid polly but it melts so super glue was the way to go, once i am happy with the looks then some decorations will be applied and the trailer build can begin.
__label__non_math	1.0000	i am easy going, diverse, open minded and take direction well. i love to learn, challenge myself with new character roles. modeling is my passion, next would be acting and dancing. i took acting and modeling classes and i have graduated from ice agency's modeling class. i am looking to expand my profile with phographers who have a unique style. i am open to any interesting ideas. please feel free to leave comments or pass on your shoot ideas. if you are interested in shooting with me , please leave me a msg. i do not give out any personal information until i feel comfortable doing so. melissa great photographer and friend and i give most of my works credit to you. xox emily brisson photographer that brings amazing energy to the stage and is fun to work with. cristal amazing person who always encourages me and helps me keep going
__label__non_math	0.9561	model car news serving the hobby since parts and decals glue, paints, tools, books bare metal foil co. hendrix mfg resin model car garage model king resin nascar best decals pegasus wheels and tires plastic performance parts preston's car parts revell of germany scale equipment ltd wet works decals just listed oop kits just listed aftermarket ford f-250 super duty pickup truck fs usually ships in to business days ford f-250 super duty pickup truck fs the ford f-250 pickup is the king of the heavy-duty pickups. it rides on a heavy-duty ladder frame chassis with a 155-inch wheel base, is powered by a .liter v-engine and has an electronically controlled automatic overdrive transmission. this is one of the toughest and favorite trucks on the american road. the kit is molded in white, transparent red and clear with chrome plated parts and soft black tires. you may also like... chevy 210 del ray sedan custom fs steve kinser bass pro shops sprint car fs gmc pickup with snow plow fs corvette sting ray coupe snap fs chevy camaro ss special edition fs ford coupe street rod fs ford mustang convertible plastic model kit snap kit fs ford mustang lx . 'n stock or police fs early june, model car news shipping returns terms conditions key to abbreviations model roundup. . your shopping cart is empty
__label__non_math	0.8125	model number: pd- availability: please allow - weeks for delivery entire chair is molded from a single piece of plywood. compound molded backrest and seat are very comfortable. the cross section varies in thickness as needed for strength. lazer cut custom artwork in backrest available as an option. materials:maple face with hardwood core. a friendly expert now.
__label__non_math	0.9927	watering the grass, washing the car, hooking up the slip n slide, these are rites of passage for summer. but a leaking outside faucet or spigot can put the brakes on outdoor activities. if an outside spigot is leaking, it can increase a homeowner s water bill. water saturation can cause yard and home foundation damage, not to mention the annoyance of dealing with a leaky faucet, said brian mcmahon, owner of levis plumbing. brian will explain what to look for in order to identify the source of an outside spigot leak. if a homeowner has a leak, the first thing they should do is locate the main water supply valve and shut it off, stopping the leak dead in its tracks, said brian. leaks in outdoor spigots typically occur in the handle and spout. try tightening the nut, located behind the handle with a wrench. if that does stop the leak, the leak is coming from the spout and the faucet will have to be taken apart. no matter how tightly the nozzle is being turned, the faucet will not stop leaking and it could be the result of a damaged washer or another component. if a worn out component is the source of the leak, make sure it is being replaced with the correct one, said brian. in the winter, water in the pipe can freeze and expand to cause the pipe to split. if this is the case, the damaged section of pipe will have to be replaced. it is critical to disconnect the hose from the faucet at the beginning of winter. this simple step can prevent pipes from freezing. everything is fixable or replaceable, so don t panic, assures brian. for more information about this company please check them out on buildzoom. powered by facebook comments
__label__non_math	1.0000	it's free and easy manage your account it's easy to manage your account modernrugs.com. at any time, simply sign in from any page and select "modify account." here, you can update all of your contact information. for maximum security, your credit card information is not stored on our server. create a portfolio what is a portfolio? once you are signed in to your account, you can add and remove as many items as you wish in a personalized portfolio. then share your portfolio with friends and family. simply have them sign in to your account and they can view, add, and remove items in your portfolio too. they can even buy the items you chose, have them shipped to you, and your portfolio will be automatically updated.order status any order placed while signed into your account can be viewed online. simply click the "order status" tab while signed in, select the order you would like to check and you will be brought to the order status page which details your order information. click on the tracking number and you will be brought to the ups.com tracking details page updated many times a day . please feel free to contact us if you have any further questions about your order. interior designers can cater to their clients better by creating a separate portfolio for each of their projects. simply create a different user name for each project and share the user name and password of each project with the client. you and your clients will be able to manage the items without effecting others. gandia blasco was born in as a family business in valencia spain. all items are still produced in their factory in valencia. the gandia blasco contemporary collection now includes both modern outdoor furniture, indoor furniture and designer rugs. gandia blasco's luxury exterior furniture, fabric and accessories are extraordinary in their design and are engineered to last a lifetime.
__label__non_math	0.9999	since this is something that i am still working at trying to fit into my routine, we re lucky to have a guest contributing her advice. i m sure a lot of you will be familiar with her and know how well she does with this kind of thing. putting the social in social media this is a guest post from andrea whitmer, a year-old web designer and single mom. visit so over this to read about her journey out of financial chaos, or view her web design portfolio at nuts and bolts media. all bloggers know that social media is an essential part of what they do. there is simply no better way to promote content, interact with readers and fellow bloggers, and gain recognition from larger media outlets. that said, many bloggers new and old struggle with the multitude of available social media options and how to use them. in the personal finance niche, the most popular social media sites are twitter and facebook, with google plus a distant but gaining tips for facebook . set up a fan page, not a personal profile. there are tons of instructions online for setting up a facebook page for your blog. this allows readers to become fans of your page instead of adding you as a friend, and allows you to post as the blog page instead of your personal profile. . include images when you link to your blog posts. people are much more likely to click a link on facebook when it includes a picture. most automated services will choose the featured image on your post if you ve set one; otherwise you can choose a thumbnail if you link to your posts manually. . post more than just links . interact tips for twitter . follow the people you want to follow. don t feel pressured to follow back just because someone follows you though it can t hurt if it s a blogger in your niche . interact with new followers. never ever send auto-tweets or auto dms. when someone new follows you especially when you re just starting out , take a minute to look at their profile and send a tweet. it can be as simple as, thanks for the follow . tweet more than just links . talk to people. twitter is like a high school cafeteria. there are tons of conversations happening, many of which you can listen in on without even trying. it s up to you to decide whether to jump in or sit at a table by yourself. most of the time, when you ask someone a relevant question or respond to one of their tweets, they ll reply to you. starting conversations is easy; you just have to do it but social media is hard. why should i bother? sometimes bloggers start social media accounts because they feel like that s what they re supposed to do, then don t really make time to use them. a few bloggers have told me, i don t want to talk about books and movies and random stuff. i just want people to visit my blog. unfortunately, that attitude is the antithesis of social. the world gravitates toward social media platforms because they want to interact. they ve read your blog, and now they want to get to know another side of you. bloggers who successfully use social media develop huge followings of devoted fans, and i m here to tell you, they don t do it by posting nothing but links. you cannot reap the benefits of social media without using it in the way it was intended. my favorite personal example of the power of social media comes from my own pf blog. last fall, an editor from msn money read one of my posts as a result of a tweet. she contacted me about reposting it, and of course i agreed. from there, an editor from reader s digest saw it and contacted me. the post was published in the february issue of the magazine, which was an amazing dream come true for me. now, all of that came about because someone tweeted a link to my post. however, other bloggers wouldn t take the time to do that if i didn t interact with them. because they know me personally, they don t mind to help promote my content and i enjoy doing the same for them . if i didn t spend time talking to them via social media sometimes about pf, sometimes not that opportunity never would have come about. the bottom line your comfort level in using social media can depend on a lot of factors, but fear shouldn t be one of them. it is very easy to socialize and connect with others on platforms such as facebook and twitter, and you never know who might be reading or watching. i have never heard anyone say they regretted the impact of social media on their blog, but i ve heard plenty of people regret not using social media sooner. are you putting the social in your social media accounts, or do you have some room for improvement? if you re using social media actively, what benefits have you noticed?
__label__non_math	0.9997	the system can't verify your identity this error occurs because there are no e-mail and password stored on your computer for this site. this can cause that you haven't create an account and register your, or you have not login for the first time. if it is your first time you visit this site, you must first create an account. click here to begin the registration of the account; it is free to create the account. if you want to know why you should create the account then click here. have you already created the account click here to login? here you can get your password if you have forgotten this. if you have trouble when you are using mods.dk, then look at the support pages.
__label__non_math	0.9960	he began working in the adult industry in january . along with brandy talore, she won the f.a.m.e. "favorite rookie starlet of the year" award sponsored by, among others, avn magazine. blue has been named penthouse pet of the month for april . in april , blue signed an exclusive performance contract with wicked pictures porn tube is right here at mofosex.com
__label__non_math	0.9695	late last year, i m sitting in an office building with the agent of an nfl player and the player himself. we were working together to help the player lose weight. while there was some initial success, he hit a little plateau. his agent asked the player "what are you drinking?" "crystal light, diet soda, and water only. chris said no liquid calories." and his agent blew through the roof "no wonder he isn t losing" he said to me, "i can t believe you told him he can use artificial sweeteners. didn t you see the report artificial sweeteners cause you to gain weight more than regular sugar and that s when it got a little awkward in the room. but that s how the meeting started. and i m now put on defense to defend my position in front of the player himself who i did in fact tell "no liquid calories" because soft drinks and slurpees were a regular addition to the daily diet. in another post i talked about if you should use stevia. and just last week i talked about the new study suggesting artificial sweeteners cause heart disease. but now we re shifting our focus to cover some more specifics about sweeteners and there are a bunch, like acesulfame potassium ace-k , sucralose, saccharin, and aspartame. are they a better option than calorie containing sugar options when trying to lose weight and burn belly fat? let s delve into them a bit and discuss some of the realities and myths with calorie free sweeteners. each of the artificial sweeteners has an "acceptable daily intake" adi meaning according to the fda, you should not consume more than the amounts listed below per day. - aspartame nutrasweet, equal -cans of diet cola - saccharin sweet n low to packets - acesulfame k sunett, sweet one -cans diet lemon-lime soda - sucralose splenda cans diet cola fair enough? now depending on who you talk to, or what you read, you ll hear all different opinions "i only use sucralose, because xxxx" or "stevia is natural, so i use that " if you look at the values above, you may notice that according to the adis, the max for splenda is just cans of diet cola day, whereas equal is -cans. does that mean splenda is more of a concern than equal? it might. but as a side note, if you re drinking that many diet colas day, your diet needs an overhaul as there are absolutely zero positive qualities to diet colas or any diet soda for that matter . let s cover a few of these in more detail. while this one has received safety approval from the fda, it s surely not without controversy. picking sides with this is like jumping in to the health care reform debate but i m ready to go for it. first, the upside of sucralose: - it has virtually no aftertaste - it s stable when heated so you can cook and bake with it - it s stable at different acidities phs so it can be added to things like lemon juice without affecting its sweetness - it has a proven track record of safety in many research studies. - anecdotally meaning personal stories have tied intake to migraine headaches - may affect healthy bacteria in the gut, according to animal data - it may cause weight gain? this last one is a bit more controversial. in a nutshell, one study using rats fed them different quantities of sucralose. at the end of the week study, the rats consuming sucralose gained weight compared to the ones that didn t take any in. and that s the study this players agent was referring to. weird. zero calories, how can it cause dangerous belly fat to creep up on us? i will say at this time i m not impressed with the data showing artificial sweeteners cause us to gain belly fat i clearly need to see more research to support this theory. the thought was that while artificial sweeteners themselves don t have calories, they "trick" the body into craving more sweet foods voila, belly fat and overall weight gain is through the roof. it s correlation data, but if i remember anything from statistics, it s that correlation doesn t mean causation. in a nutshell, the correlation that those who used diet soda weighed more doesn t mean the diet soda itself caused them to gain weight. more research clearly needs to expore this. keep in mind, also, that the doses used in this particular study were very high if we tried to extrapolate these findings to humans. at this point i just don t buy into that conclusions of this data and am surely calling for more. that s what i said to this players agent. again, another red flag for me here is that the "maximum" recommendation is cans of diet cola for some, that s a ton, but for others, that s breakfast. regulate your intake by the way, the agent and i never did come to an agreement i m still confident that to have a person switch from -2l of regular soda each day what this player drank to diet soda is a huge positive step. perfect? nope. better. absolutely. aspartame nutrasweet, equal : you ve seen the little pink packets pink packets of poison, according to some. like the others, this has the stamp of approval from the fda. but opponents of this suggest it causes migraines, causes cancer,brain tumors, and evil belly fat. like the others, the research is mixed some studies show a negative effect, others show a positive effect. i hate to give the "more research is necessary" answer, but, well, it s the best answer to give. i talked about my feelings on the weight gain and artificial sweeteners with sucralose. as for cancer it s a hard one to pin down. these data are all done in animals, usually given very high doses, to see what happens. for some reason the review boards look very unfavorably at loading up humans with artificial sweeteners and seeing if they cause cancer please read that with the intended sarcasm ; therefore, we re reliant on animal data. but even if there is that chance, that concerns me stamp of approval or not like i mentioned in another blog about sugar and high fructose corn syrup, i don t like the idea of artificial i don t want artificial ingredients in my body and try to limit them as much as possible. i do that by knowing what i m eating, being able to pronounce all ingredients, and eating foods as close to the earth as possible. with that said, i am supportive of making the transition to calorie free drinks if someone is a regular soft drink or juice, or sweetened tea drinker but as a whole, artificial sweeteners aren t a favorite. we also have yet to find one without an off flavor. call us crazy, but we want to eat a food that, well, tastes like food not have some bitter aftertaste that s close to being real, but not quite there. i d personally rather have a real sweetener, infrequently. moderation. that s a very unsexy word in marketing and the media, but it s true. you want a cookie? eat a cookie occasionally. is a fat free, sugar free, calorie free flavored chocolate chunk piece of cardboard really going to help out your desire for a cookie? not a chance. eat the real thing, on occasion, then get over it. fair enough? eating real foods is what will help you live as healthfully as possible, burn belly fat, and look and feel great
__label__non_math	0.9984	as america's independence was being declared in philadelphia in l776, padre francisco garces trekked through the mojave area, leaving traces of his visit at willow springs, near rosamond, and on castle butte, near california city. garces was followed by famous pathfinders like jedediah smith, in , john c. fremont, kit carson and wyatt earp. many of these visitors, including a group from the ill-fated manly-jayhawker party, used the midland trail, which roughly parallels highway north of town. wagon trails to the panamint mines were established by men like m.m. belshaw and others who are remembered in many local street names. mojave was established in when the southern pacific railroad laid out the original plat for a town on its line between los angeles and san francisco over nearby tehachapi pass. the first passenger train arrived , which is celebrated as mojave's birthday. chinese coolies built a line from mojave to needles, california, on the colorado river, reaching the arizona border in . that line was sold to the santa fe railway in , granting that railroad trackage rights over tehachapi pass. today the southern pacific is now part of the union pacific railroad, while santa fe is now part of the giant burlington northern santa fe. the up's lone pine branch, which runs north out of mojave, was built by southern pacific in to aid in constructing the los angeles aqueduct. the line connected with the carson and colorado narrow gauge railroad at owenyo, providing, for a time, a direct rail link between los angeles and the southern pacific's overland route over donner summit. the lone pine branch now carries coal to and potash products from the trona railway connection at searles station, between randsburg and ridgecrest. another rail line, the oak creek branch, runs west from mojave to the california portland cement plant at creal, carrying coal up and cement back. mojave's flimsy buildings were destroyed by fire several times over the next century, most spectacularly in when cases of powder in the railroad depot exploded with a bang heard miles away. gold was discovered in on soledad mountain and at other nearby locations, spwning mines with colorful names like elephant-eagle, asher, yellow dog and golden queen. mojave's history of providing hospitality to weary travelers, a tradition that continues to this day, began with the opening of the morrissey hotel in . the famous fred harvey organization operated a "harvey house," in the old two-story railroad depot, complete with a contingent of "harvey girls" serving delicious meals to travelers and miners. borax played a role in mojave's history, especially between and when the famous -mule team wagons hauled borax between mines in death valley and the railroad in mojave, a 160 mile, -day trip. a monument on sierra highway in front of the kentucky fried chicken store honors the spot where the wagons unloaded. the huge wagons, which can be seen at death valley and in nearby boron, were built by j.w.s. perry on land at the southeast corner of k and nadeau streets, the present location of don's oil changers. perry charged each for his wagons. cement production began in the area in to provide cement for the los angeles aqueduct. the plant has been modernized over the years and is operated today by calaveras cement. california portland cement built the creal plant west of mojave in . the plant is one of the world's most modern. several small airports were built in the mojave area over the years, including meyer field behind the homes along barstow road. mojave airport began life in when a naval air station was built on the present site on the east side of town. during world war ii the field trained thousands of navy and marine pilots for combat, using sbd dive bombers and f4u corsairs. decommissioned after the war, the field was reborn to again train pilots for the korean conflict. closed again in , the airport entered its third life in with formation of the mojave now east kern airport district. jump to the mojave airport page for more information on this facility, home of the national test pilot school, burt rutan's scaled composites, xcor aerospace and voyager, the first aircraft to circumnavigate the globe without refueling. mojave's rich past is prelude to the history that continues to be made on the land and in the air - and soon, space - above this exciting and interesting region.
__label__non_math	0.9998	there are currently users and guests online. submitted by mojo on thu, - yes, mojo has not been blogging much lately, mostly 'cuz she's busy doing more important things, but also because she's had some of the air let out of her tires or wind out of her sails, or whatever other form of windiness you might ascribe to her with the recent demise of ratty cat, our big ol' stray coon cat bruiser. which actually happened some time ago, but we know how long it takes for things to sink in to mojo's big ol' fat head sometimes. despite his formidable size, ratty was one of the kindest and gentlest cats i've ever known, who never once laid a claw on me, nor my favorite husband, nor small children, nor the dog, even when the hyper beast maybe deserved it. in fact ratty loved dogs, inexplicably so, as evidenced by the pictures below of him meeting rosie for the first time. ratty came to us as a full-grown adult and we have no idea where he came from or how old he was. searching the blog for pictures i found more than forty entries referring to him, usually complaining about how yowly he was. so it just sorta figures that that is what we are currently missing most around the house. the silence is deafening.more mojo submitted by mojo on fri, - does the superiority of all things feline go without saying? still i should say it. publicly. and try to ignore the razor-sharp claws at my neck as i type. submitted by mojo on wed, - yes, it's about ratty again, here on the left starring in his very own lolcat. as much as mojo desperately wishes this blog does not turn into one of those "mister fluffy is sooooooo cute ...where was i? oh, yes, the stupid cat. more mojo submitted by mojo on fri, - before mojo got distracted by something shiny, she was going to mention something that, now in retrospect, is even more boring than usual. as i have said many times previously, ratty cat is not allowed in the bedroom at night, because he comes and goes two or three times a night and each time he announces his arrival and departure with his yowling. the decision to banish him is entirely that of my favorite husband. far be it for mojo to punish a fellow complainer. whenever i hear the stupid cat, being the tolerant, saint-like person that i am, i just roll over and go back to sleep. for me, i have accepted the simple fact that ratty is a yowly cat, and that's the end of it. not the favorite husband, however. more mojo submitted by mojo on thu, - so we had some spring thunderstorms yesterday. nothing much to speak of. only one or two close lightning strikes, the rest just lots of rumbling and lots of rain. more mojo submitted by mojo on mon, - for those who might suspect that mojo is the sort of person who dearly loves to dish out complaints without ever tolerating receiving any in return, i offer up this anecdote which happened sunday morning: while many people look upon sunday morning as a time of quiet reflection, a day off when one may rise late and spend an hour or two just waking up, mojo spent her sunday morning participating in a wild rodeo-type atmosphere chasing a very angry and determined chipmunk around the house. courtesy of the cat, who enjoys bringing them into the house totally unharmed and setting them free to appreciate the decor. more mojo
__label__non_math	0.9999	tuesday, october i am afraid to make this request of parents who have special needs kids because i don't want to be politically incorrect or step on any toes. but i have seen enough instances of it now and how the kids pay the price for it, that i am going to risk potential wrath and just say it. i am a sunday school teacher volunteer , and that is the position i am coming from. moms and dads of special needs kids, please do not leave your child in my classroom without telling me that your child has special needs. your child, his teachers, and his peers, are suffering for it. i have taught and assisted in classrooms for 1st and 2nd graders, and year olds. i have had kids who are obviously autistic, add, have sensory processing disorders, etc., and not once has a parent approached me before leaving their child in my care and said, "my son daughter has these special needs. this is how you can cope with them. please let me know if you have any questions." i am sure some of those parents are unaware of the diagnosis, but even when a child was diagnosed during the season i had the child in class, i still found out because i approached the parent about it, not because they chose to communicate it to me. meanwhile, i had been super frustrated by that child because i did not yet identify the child's behaviors as a disorder who had been extremely disruptive in class. fast forward to my approaching the parent and communicating that i wanted the child to be successful in my class, but i needed help knowing how to handle these behaviors. suddenly the recent diagnosis came out, i was given tips for coping in the classroom, and the child was able to be in class with me successfully in the second instance that this happened, i had started assisting a teacher in the year old class. a child came in, and when he was greeted, i knew immediately by the teacher's tone that this was a "problem child," and she was not happy to see him. i observed him carefully throughout the night, and i also observed the teacher's interactions with him. he was treated differently than the other kids, and not in a good way. while i had picked up on all the classic red flags for autism, the teacher was obviously unaware, and every autistic behavior he showed, she treated as an inconvenience and a willfully wrong behavior. i was almost in tears by the end of this class, seeing this child isolated and treated negatively because of something that so easily could have been communicated. this past sunday, the mother of all incidents happened when a child with a behavioral disorder was left in my care without a word about his needs, and it ended in his grandmother and mother chewing me out when they came to pick him up, because one of my volunteer helpers had grabbed the child's arm, to stop him from repeating the same wrong behavior he had been doing for the last thirty minutes. this parent had left her special needs child in a classroom with other year olds, and adults. i wasn't even present when he was dropped off, so they had left him with two adults and other children, without a word about him having a behavioral disorder that required extra attention. i was unusually short-handed that day, and had they communicated his needs when they left him, we could have at least tried to make accommodation or figured out a better solution so his needs were met. instead, his needs had to be guessed at and coped with in the spur of the moment, leaving him and the teachers incredibly frustrated and unhappy by the end of our time nevermind that the whole class was disrupted and barely got through parents, please don't do this to your child, and please don't do this to the people who are volunteering to care for him her while you do your thing. some of you may argue that these volunteers need to be trained to recognize and cope with special needs, but i would argue right back to you that i am trained from a previous job, not from church , and i still cannot pinpoint a child's needs and meet them spur of the moment like that. it's not fair to your child, his her teachers, or their peers. you are your child's advocate, please communicate their needs
__label__non_math	0.9998	want to keep your happy little accident kid occupied while you cry softly in the deli line? try this awesome craft using remnants of your past adult life every vote makes a huge difference to help people find my blog
__label__non_math	1.0000	aside from my girlfriend theresa convincing me that this would be a great idea, this was a great way to honor my mother after she lost her battle with ovarian cancer. she and her mother my grandmother were breast cancer survivors as well. when my mother died, my only daughter, who at the time, was , wanted to have surgery to remove her breasts, ovaries, and uterus so she didn't have to worry about cancer. what a shock it was to me to hear this. it meant no grandchildren. wow, powerful. i convinced her that i would seek genetic counseling and we would go over the results of the statistics. as it turned out, i'm on the watch list, meaning, i'm twice as likely to have breast cancer as the average population and fall into the normal probability of having ovarian cancer. this was good and bad news. so my daughter and i need to ensure we follow the recommendations for screening. back to my reason for supporting this effort, i want my daughter to have a normal life, free from worry about cancer. just maybe our team, and the other supporters will get a little legacy ford team - -day walk donate here to help kris the team there are so many reasons . so i'll choose to share with you one of my favorite stories. i am a survivor of breast cancer. going through cancer changed my life in many ways, some bad and some good. i prefer to dwell on the good. this is a story of how a stranger affected my life and how these events became life-changing for me. the story isn't about just one stranger but a sequence of strangers who passed this kindness full circle. it was summertime and i was at home sitting in the recliner with my feet up and my eyes closed. i was feeling the effects of chemotherapy. chemotherapy can be intense, but oh-so-worthwhile in my way of thinking. my husband, kevin, needed to mail a letter so he headed down to the corner postal the lady behind the counter at the postal store struck up a conversation with my husband. she asked him about the pink bracelet he was wearing. my husband is the big-tough-looking-type so i guess she knew there must be a story behind the bracelet. kevin began to tell the story of how his wife had breast cancer and that i was currently going through chemotherapy. this kind lady reached under the counter and handed my husband several hard candies. she explained to him that some of her aunts had gone through chemo and that they had told her that hard candies would sooth their stomach. she asked kevin to bring the candies home to me. when kevin came home and told me the story i was so touched. this was someone who didn't know me, a stranger who cared about a stranger. this was so cool. later that day kevin needed to mail another letter. this time he took our son, kyle, with him to the postal store. the same lady was behind the counter. when she found out that we had two children she opened up the cash register and from the edge of the drawer she took out two fifty cent pieces and handed them to kyle. she explained to them that the postal store had a customer who was a coin collector and that this gentleman had brought in these coins. the coin collector had told the salespeople "these are for good luck. please give them to children you think need them." wow, how awesome another stranger who shared with my children were and when i was diagnosed and have always been my world. cancer was definitely not in my parenting plan. these acts of kindness were powerful for me. i knew that any act that powerful needed to be acknowledged. so a few months later i went to the postal store to let the lady behind the counter know how grateful i was. she remembered the story. i went on to thank her and tell her how these acts of kindness had changed my life. she was humble and thankful that i shared this with her. she said that no-one had ever said anything like that to her before. we spoke for a few more minutes and then she began to cry. i hugged her and then asked her why she was crying. she said to me "i am so afraid. a few women in my family have had breast cancer and i am scared that i might get it someday." with that i smiled and said to her "i have been through some of these things that we are all so afraid of: cancer chemotherapy mastectomies . and i am still standing here in front of you. if by chance you do get cancer the treatments continue to get better all the time." with that she smiled a peaceful smile. a stranger affected the life of a stranger. kindness was passed full circle. i try to pass forward the kindness that was shown to me. i know its power. so that is why i will walk .to affect the lives of others . strangers, or maybe we could just call them "people i haven't met yet". kathy is a member of the legacy ford team that's participating susan g komen -day walk . click the link to donate for kathy's team, and pick up the october november issue of mom mag to learn more about kathy day seattle -day walk 5k activities activity adoption adventure albany americans amy roloff apr may apricot persimmon compote art class arts aug sept autism babies bananas birthday birthday gift birthday gift idea birthday party birthdays black friday books bows boys breast cancer breshears cameo heights mansion camp candy cawood cbrc charity christmas circus civil war classes cleanse coffee talk college columbia park community concert corvallis corvallis clinic costumes cover mom craft craft-project crafts current issue cvs dad dance daughter daughters dessert dinner disney disneyland dr. illana duck easter easter egg e-books education elf enter to win ereader e-readers eugene fitness challenge events exercise fair fall fall recipe family family activities father's day feb mar fire department albany oregon kids activity firedupmagic.com first day of school fit mom fitness challenge food french toast fun-crafts games garden gardening generations geocaching get gift gift idea gift ideas girl scouts girls giveaway grandmother grandparents habits halloween halloween costumes halloween craft-project halloween crafts halloween treats harry potter head to toe health healthy mom heritage mall hftf hiking hockey holiday holiday breakfast holiday recipes holidays hotel jewelery kennewick parks kids kids activities kids activity kindle kingspoint komen kvew lasagna rolls laundry legacy ford life insurance local activity magazine makeover mcdonald's meals mealtime memories mom mom magazine mom roadtrip moms-night-out money mom mothers day movies muffins music mom nanowrimo night out night-out nook oct nov oct nov october oregon state oregon-garden overseas adoption parenting pets dying dog cat coping kids humane society pink postpartum postpartum depression pregnancy pregnant prout pumpkin pumpkin carving pumpkins race for the cure reach out and read reader tags reading recipe recipes relationships retro road trip road-trip robots rosy's run run or dye samaritan health santa savings sawyer-brown school seattle sesame street sewing shoes single mom skiing smart phones snow globe spa spring break state farm staycation style summer camp summer fun sun superdad susan g komen susan g. komen ta-da follow me on twitter mom magazine is produced by mom media llc tel: 541 908- santiam hwy se 102, albany, or
__label__non_math	0.9995	someone shared this picture with me today and it brought me to tears. it is of a father and son at the first space shuttle launch and, again, at the last one. it reminded me so much of these. this is my husband at cedar point amusement park, circa . please excuse the watermarks. this is what happens to your pictures when you re old. this is my daughter at cedar point in . and, this is my son on the very same ride in . i got so choked up looking at the picture of that man and his father; i think because his dad looks so young and spry in the first photo and in the second one, all signs of youth have been covered by gray hair and softened skin. it feels, to me, that years goes by in a fleeting moment. already, my daughter looks nothing like that little girl in the red rocket. my son looks exactly the same, but dudes, the kid doesn t grow. i m sure that someday i will look back on his photo and think how quickly he changed from that little boy into a man, the way that i look at my daughter and barely recognize her here. last night we were talking about how, in six years, she ll be . eighteen. and, six years goes by like that. snap i hope that someday my kids recreate a picture of their childhood with their own children and that they cherish the shared memories. and, i hope that i m around years from now to see that they do. gray hair, soft skin and all. but, more than anything, i really hope that cedar point gets some new rides.
__label__math	0.8799	this was a great session and i felt this pose in particular turned out very well. the top one is my favorite because of the hint of a smile. the next photo is a close second for me. i like the tones a little better, but that process did not work with the direct gaze. finally i have a color version, which does not work as well, but is still worth having as an option. this is a pose i have done with many clients, with the husband holding the fabric off-stage to create a sweeping line. in this particular case, the line and form of the mom-to-be made for a perfect maternity portrait.
__label__non_math	0.9996	stronger policy on toxic chemicals? great idea.posted by kristin schafer three cheers for sanity on capitol hill true, it was the first of many steps: a committee vote in the senate. but it s a huge, important move in the right direction made in the face of strong pushback from the chemical industry. and it s long overdue. as both a mom and a policy person at pan, i m thrilled. hats off especially to senators boxer and lautenberg for their leadership in pressing the safe chemicals act of forward. industry accountability how refreshing in the hearing leading up to wednesday s vote, these senators challenged the chemical industry to take responsibility for the harm their products cause and for turning a blind eye to the science proving this harm. don t you owe people an apology? senator boxer asked one chemical industry official. how refreshing. and yes, they do. the proposed new law which will now move forward to a vote on the senate floor would shift the burden to chemical corporations to demonstrate the safety of their products. this common sense approach would replace the current system, which rushes products to market and leaves it up to epa officials to prove they cause harm. under the new law, this longstanding innocent until proven guilty paradigm for chemicals would no longer hold true. the innocent until proven guilty paradigm for chemicals will no longer hold true. the bill also directs epa to take immediate action to reduce exposure to chemicals that are persistent, bioaccumulative and toxic, a category known as pbts. though pesticides are not covered under the safe chemicals act which focuses on industrial chemicals we at pan have long supported efforts toward chemical policy reform, and particularly this provision on pbts. longlasting, toxic chemicals that build up in our bodies and can be passed from one generation to the next pose unique risks to both human health and the environment. the global stockholm convention on persistent organic pollutants recognizes this, and it s high time u.s. policy did the same. groundswell of concern this week s vote reflects growing, widespread understanding and concern in communities across the country about how chemicals are affecting our health. in the past few years, these concerns have been raised by nurses and other health professionals, businesses, environmental health and community groups and moms organizations. pan is a longtime member of the national safer chemicals healthy families coalition that has been leading the charge. andy igrejas, director of the national coalition, hopes the bill will become the law of the land: today s vote is a victory for american families dealing with the many health problems, like childhood cancer, linked to unregulated chemicals. we hope senate republicans can find a way to join in this important work as this legislation moves to the senate floor. we hope so too. this post also appeared on groundtruth.org.
__label__non_math	0.9999	the new newt thing fortune magazine -- inside a modest hotel meeting room in tempe, ariz., a dozen health-care thinkers kill time with small talk as they await the unfaded celebrity aura that is newt gingrich. like scores of companies before and since, the one sponsoring this forum on health-care reform has paid a princely sum to hear gingrich's ideas on transforming what is probably the most stubbornly archaic industry around, where 21st-century leaps in cancer treatment coexist with doctors still scribbling illegibly on prescription pads. the evening's events open with this private session, where only conference panelists and hosts are permitted access to the former house speaker. his keynote address comes hours later, after dinner. but right now gingrich is running late. he has spent the afternoon out on the campaign trail, starring at a fundraiser for an arizona congressman doomed to become one of the gop's surprise defeats in the upcoming november election. when gingrich finally arrives, he is sweaty and distracted. and when he takes his seat, he makes clear that he wants his small audience to do the talking. one by one, the speakers explain to gingrich their ideas on the conference's theme: how to extend the reach of leansigma, a newfangled, trademarked system combining lean and six sigma process-management techniques that is already in use at such hospitals as johns hopkins and massachusetts general. just minutes in, it's showtime, as gingrich leaps to the whiteboard in the front of the room, blue felt-tip pen in hand, to dispense with the cherished management theory of the people paying him tonight. "i don't mean to be argumentative," he says, as he scribbles a chart on the history of management reform, tucking dates alongside names like motorola and deming and ohno, all the while peppering the group with questions. "but i'm dubious about externalized systems. it becomes a cult." no one is insulted. on the contrary, everyone is enthralled by gingrich and his well-informed romp through management history. "there's this whole romantic side to him," gingrich says enthusiastically about management guru w. edwards deming. "he wrote religious songs." newt gingrich - adopted son of an army man, history professor at west georgia college - has always succeeded by exceeding expectations. few believed this puckish politician, who can sound like a cross between self-help guru tony robbins and futurist alvin toffler, could lead the republican party to overthrow entrenched democrats in charge of the house of representatives for years. fewer still believed he could resurrect his reputation after his ignoble fall from power four years later. and this year, as he throws warm-up pitches for a presidential campaign, hoping that his big ideas, combined with his grass-roots popularity, will produce a "draft newt" movement, even his most ardent loyalists doubt he can pull it off. "he's a better moses, leading the party out of the wilderness, than he is a king david, running the show," says frank lavin, a veteran of republican administrations who now serves as commerce undersecretary. while gingrich has plenty to say on national security and social issues, the core of his resurrection and unusual race for president are his ideas on health costs - a national migraine that has driven the likes of general motors toward bankruptcy, put insurance out of reach for million americans, and now threatens to strangle the economy by ballooning entitlement costs. the problem is so severe that state governors - most recently california's arnold schwarzenegger - have given up on washington and are promoting their own sweeping reform plans. gingrich got a headstart on the issue at the turn of the millennium, when he began building his credibility as the voice of free-market-style reform. he has preached his evolving message to business and health groups around the country. in washington he has transformed his reputation from polarizing politico to business visionary who might strategize with health and human services secretary michael leavitt one day and senator hillary clinton the next. what gingrich has to say is not so much a unified theory as a way of rearranging the way we look at things - a refusal to accept the cultural status quo. at the tempe conference, gingrich politely listens to such proposals as applying toyota-style production-control techniques to the health system - and then slices through them with an alternative mantra of competition, deregulation, modernized information systems, and personal responsibility. leave the middleman out. force doctors and hospitals, medicare and medicaid, to disclose pricing and compete with one another. put all the latest information on databases so that american consumers can go online, plug in their personal health profile, and shop for the best prices on drugs and services. in other words, in gingrich's world consumer health care should look more like travelocity. at age , newton leroy gingrich is still one of the most restless minds on the political landscape, embodying what education philosopher george kneller described as the ability to "look afresh at what we normally take for granted." he has even reinvented afterlife for a fallen politician. eight years after stepping down as house speaker, gingrich runs a for-profit think tank, the center for health transformation, that promotes his ideas while ensuring a handsome living for the former public servant. he doesn't lobby on behalf of specific clients; aides say he doesn't want confusion about whose interests he is representing when he counsels, say, the secretary of defense or senate leaders. instead, the center offers policy ideas to companies that want to get health-care costs off their backs but oppose government-imposed, universal-health-insurance plans as costly and burdensome. the center's roster of clients is impressive, including insurers blue cross blue shield and ge healthcare, providers like the american hospital association, and employers like gm charts and ford charts . clients pay fees ranging from 200,000 a year. along with lecture fees of ,000 a speech, at the rate of about per year, mr. speaker's new career is making him rich. customers think he's worth it, providing a much-needed vision to an industry that is "times more complicated than defense," says ron wince, president of guidon performance solutions, which sponsored the tempe speech. gingrich, he adds, also spreads innovative ideas in a business that is "incredibly bad at sharing best practices." the other piece of gingrich's life is pure politics. he stumps at the same grass-roots venues as officially declared contenders for president. in public opinion polls the former speaker regularly ranks in the top tier of republican hopefuls and is routinely described by political analysts as the wild card in the race.
__label__non_math	0.7992	.basis of preparation of financial statements the accompanying financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention on an accrual basis. the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles to comply in all material aspects with the accounting standards as prescribed in the companies accounting standards rules and the provisions of the companies act, the act'''' issued by the central government, in consultation with the national advisory committee on accounting standards, to the extent the ministry of corporate affairs revised schedule vi to the act for the financial year commencing on or after . the balance sheet, statement of profit and loss. cash flow and comparative financial information for the previous year have accordingly been prepared and presented with disclosures as required under the revised .use of estimates the presentation of financial statements in conformity with the generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities on the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expense during the reporting period. although these estimates are based upon management''s best knowledge of current events and actions, actual results could differ from these estimates. difference between the actual result and estimates are recognized in the period in which the results are known materialized. .revenue recognition revenue is recognized when it is earned and no significant uncertainty exists of its ultimate realization collection. a. issue management fee is accounted on the basis of the terms of agreement with the clients. b. placement fees, professional fees and other service charges are accounted when there is reasonable certainty of its ultimate realization collection. c income from distribution is accounted when there is reasonable certainty of its ultimate realization collection. d. interest income is recognized on an accrual time proportion e. dividend income is recognized when the right to receive dividend is .employee benefits a short term employee benefits employee benefits such as salaries, allowances short term compensated absences, estimated cost of bonus , excreta and employee benefits under defined contribution plans such as provident fund and other funds which fall due within twelve months of rendering the service are classified as short term employee benefits and charged as expense to the profit and loss account in the period in which the service is b long term employee benefits employee benefits under defined benefits plans like gratuity which fall due for payment after a period of twelve months from rendering of service or after completion of employment are determined base on acturial valuation using the projected unit credit method. the company''s obligations recognized in the balance sheet represents the present value of obligations as reduced by the fair value of plan of assets, where applicable .employee stock option scheme. the stock options granted by the company are accounted for as per the accounting treatment prescribed by sebi employee stock option scheme and employee stock purchase scheme and the guidance note on accounting india, whereby the intrinsic value of the options are recognized as deferred employee compensation. the deferred employee compensation, if any, is charged to the profit and loss account on a straight line basis over the vesting period of the options. the employee stock option outstanding account, net of unamortized deferred employee compensation, .tangible fixed assets tangible fixed assets are stated at cost of acquisition net of tax duty credits less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, if any. cost of acquisition includes all expenses incurred to bring the assets to their location and working conditions up to the date the assets are put to use. .intangible fixed assets intangible assets are stated at cost of acquisition, net of tax duty credits availed less amortization and impairment losses, if any. an asset recognized when it is probable that the future economic benefits attributable to the assets will flow to the enterprise and where it is cost can be reliably measured. .depreciation and amortization the company provides for depreciation and amortization as under: a. on written down value basis, in accordance with the rates prescribed in schedule xiv to the act. b. on intangible assets, over a period of three years from the date of acquisition on written down value basis, c on a pro-rata basis on assets purchased sold during the year. d. on assets costing less than rs.,000 at hundred percent of the cost of the asset in the year of purchase. e. on leasehold improvements, over the primary period of the lease. .impairment of assets an asset is treated as impaired when the carrying amount of the assets exceeds its recoverable amount. an impairment loss is charged to the profit and loss account in the year in which an asset is identified as impaired. the impairment loss recognized in prior accounting period is reversed if there is a change in the estimate of its recoverable provision for tax comprises current tax and deferred tax charge or current taxes are measured on the basis of the taxes expected to be paid on the taxable income determined in accordance with the prevailing tax rates and laws. deferred tax is the tax effect of the timing differences between the accounting income and taxable income and are capable of reversal in one or more subsequent periods. deferred tax charge or benefit and the corresponding deferred tax liabilities and assets are recognized using the rates that have been enacted or substantially enacted as at the balance sheet date. deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent there is a reasonable certainty that there will be sufficient taxable income against which it can be realized; however, where there is unabsorbed depreciation or carried forward loss under taxation laws, deferred tax assets are recognized only if there is virtual certainty of realization of assets. deferred tax assets, if any, are re-assessed periodically. all investments are stated at cost. investments are classified as current or long term in accordance with accounting standard on accounting for investments. provision for diminution in value of current investments is made if the fair value of investments is less than its cost. provision for diminution in the value of long-term investment is made only if such a decline is other than temporary. provision for diminution in value of current investments is made during the year is charged to the statement of profit and loss. .derivative instruments daily mark-to-market margins on the derivative trades are accounted separately as against the initial margin payments under current assets. the profit loss on the final settlement of the derivative contracts, calculated as the difference between the final settlement price and the contract price of all the contracts in the series, is recognized on the expiry square-up of the series of equity index stock futures by transfer from the mark-to-market margin account. as on the date of the balance sheet, provision for anticipated loss is made for the debit balance if any, in the mark- to-market margin account maintained scrip wise index wise on open futures contracts, credit balances if any, in the account attributable to anticipated income being ignored keeping in view the consideration of prudence. .earnings per share the basic earnings per share is computed and disclosed by dividing the net profit after tax attributable to equity shareholders for the year by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the diluted earnings per share is computed and disclosed using the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year, adjusted .miscellaneous expenditure preliminary expenditure and expenditure in connection with the raising of capital is amortized over a period of ten years from the year of commencement of business operations or from the year of raising of .provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets a provision is recognized when there is a present obligation as a result of past events for which a probable outflow of resources is expected to settle the obligation and the amount of the obligation can be reliably estimated. contingent liabilities are not recognized but are disclosed in the notes in case of: a a present obligation arising from a past event, when it is not probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the b a possible obligation, unless the probability of outflow of resources is remote. contingent assets are neither recognized, nor disclosed. provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets are reviewed at each balance sheet date. lease payments for assets taken under operating leases are charged off to the profit and loss account as and when incurred. .cash and cash equivalents cash and cash equivalents comprise of cash on hand and deposits with bank. the company considers all highly liquid investments bank deposits with a remaining maturity on the date of purchase of three months or less and that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash to be cash equivalents. .cash flow statements cash flows is prepared using the indirect method set out in accounting standard on cash flow statement and presents the cash flow by operating, investing and financing activities of the company. .foreign currency transactions foreign currency transactions are recorded at the exchange rate prevailing on the date of transaction. realized gains and losses on foreign currency transactions during the year are recognized in the statement of profit and loss. monetary items denominated in a foreign currency are restated using the closing exchange rate on the date of balance sheet and resulting net exchange difference is recognized in the statement of profit and loss.
__label__non_math	0.9921	head to head: has the sipp market plateaued? will see the end of the sipp boom, as ifas turn to ssass to better meet their clients needs? hornbuckle mitchell s david white and the whitehall group s richard mattison go head to head. the rapid growth of the sipp market over the past few years is testament to just how popular this form of pension plan has become among pension investors and it shows little sign of abating. the clue is in the name - self-invested personal person. unlike traditional pension structures, sipps provide pension investors with greater control and flexibility over their investments and are thus appealing to anyone with the confidence to manage their own affairs. in turn, it promises to provide a wealth of exciting investment choices ranging from commercial property to deposit funds, making it the perfect option for those who desire a broader pallet of investments compared with the traditional personal pension. in the wake of the recession, many investors have been left feeling disillusioned by the underperformance of the equity and bond markets and we are seeing a rising number looking to explore the realms of more unusual investments which the sipp offers in abundance. investors have been left feeling disillusioned by the equity and bond markets and we are seeing a rising number looking to explore the realms of more unusual investments it is this flexibility and freedom that make sipps a cost-effective option for individuals with large pension funds seeking to take a more active role in the way their hard-earned money is handled. just like personal pension plans provided by life insurance companies, the sipp also benefits from considerable tax concessions. as well as receiving up to per cent income tax relief on contributions, individuals are given the freedom to take a tax-free lump sum of up to per cent at retirement age. plainly speaking, it is clear to see why the shift from traditional pension structures to sipps has boomed over recent years. unfortunately, the same cannot be said for ssas, which has long lived in the shadow of its thriving sibling. despite the pair sharing many of the same traits, their growth has developed at a considerably different speed. there are undeniably many advantages to using a ssas but it has typically been the preserve of shareholding directors of a private company, where there is a family tie between the members and it has so far been reluctant to break out of this box. although its position is still very valid within the pension market, ssas will never be viewed as a mainstream product and will not grow at the same speed as the sipp market has done despite recent protestations to the contrary. in my opinion, the sipp market has plateaued. the quasi-sipps which are basically personal pensions linked into platforms such as sippcentre will continue to grow. however, the traditional sipps that can access all asset classes are seeing less growth. one reason for this is that the fsa has clamped down on the amount of flexibility these products are allowed. the other reason is that everybody who wanted one of these sipps has got one. ssass are bouncing back because a ssas can do everything a sipp can - plus more. it can loan back to sponsoring companies, it can buy shares in sponsoring companies and you can do pooling for property purchases. it is also much more flexible in terms of succession planning. ssass are really good vehicles for allowing the pension fund to invest in the client s business. the economy is in a state now where people would like to get money into their companies and you cannot do this with a sipp. the economy is in a state now where people would like to get money into their companies and you cannot do this with a sipp what i think we are going to start to see is a return to the way things were in the mid-nineties, where advisers were segmenting clients into self-employed and owner director. the owners directors will go into ssas and the self-employed will be put into sipp, which makes perfect sense because that is the way these products are meant to work. i think we will see more advisers recommending ssas, particularly with the rdr looming. ifas will be less driven by the nirvana of renewal-based commission on funds under management and they will become more driven by fee-based advice, which is one of the whole points behind the regulation. what advisers will be doing is helping clients a lot more with creative planning, which a ssas is ideal for. clients get their corporation tax relief on the money going in and they can use a ssas in more innovative ways to get money back into their businesses. ssass have more angles for creative tax planning, which i think advisers will do more and more of. i am not saying that ssas will replace sipp but sipp has plateaued and we are going to see an increase in the amount of ssas business. ssass are still specialist products for a specialist type of market but we are going to see them bouncing back.
__label__non_math	1.0000	is in what one would expect to be a hot sector, creating and deploying information technology in specialized areas such as security and defense. but a coming slowdown in u.s. defense spending has analysts concerned for the outlook, and the company is using m a to expand its capabilities in a bid to offset slower growth. saic provides scientific, engineering, systems integration and technical services and solutions to all branches of the u.s. military, agencies of the u.s. department of defense dod , the intelligence community, the u.s. department of homeland security dhs and other u.s. government civil agencies, state and local government agencies, foreign governments and customers in selected commercial markets. the company s works on national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure and health. we are focusing our investments to expand our business in areas emphasizing: intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance; cyber security; logistics, readiness and sustainment; energy and environment; and health technology, management said in a recent filing. nevertheless, revenues from government accounted for percent of total revenues in fiscal , and that was mostly from u.s. government contracts, the company said. on the smaller, commercial side, the company is developing oil and gas and information technology services. over the last five years, the saic has made acquisitions in the areas of cyber security, engineering consulting, language translation, and military defense. the acquisition of businesses is part of our growth strategy to provide new or enhance existing capabilities and offerings to customers and to establish new or enhance existing relationships with customers, management said. saic has a market cap of .billion. its projected earnings per share growth for the coming year is .percent, compared to a sector average of .percent analysts are mixed on saic. jefferies has the stock rated as a buy, while standard poor s analysts rate it a a sell. we recently lowered our opinion on the shares to strong sell, from hold. in general, we think overall government spending for the department of defense will be flat or lower, affecting revenues for the foreseeable future, s p analysts wrote on may . saic next reports on may . moneynews. .
__label__non_math	0.9923	the eurozone's debt crisis has become the biggest threat to the global economy and a breakup of the currency zone can no longer be ruled out, the organization for economic cooperation and development said in a stark warning on monday, slashing its forecasts and urging the ecb to play a bigger role in defusing the crisis. the eurozone has already entered a mild recession but much worse could follow unless policy makers take decisive action to get ahead of the market, the oecd said. "there is a risk to the euro, let's not deny that," oecd chief economist pier carlo padoan told reuters in an interview. "but i would like also to say that there is a possibility of avoiding that risk." economist warns: unemployment, stock market drop, inflation. see the evidence. click here to watch the aftershock survival summit now. a worst case scenario of continued inaction in the eurozone and the failure of u.s. lawmakers to agree on a spending-reduction plan would usher in a devastating downturn for the world economy, the paris-based oecd said. in the absence of decisive action from eurozone leaders, the european central bank ecb alone has the power to contain the bloc's crisis, the oecd said. in the united states, however, the federal reserve has little ammunition left. "we are still seeing policy behind the curve," padoan told a news conference. "this cannot be accepted anymore." "time is running out and every time we lose the occasion to act effectively the price or cost for having positive outcomes goes up," he added. padoan said that the absence of credible action from policymakers was sapping households and companies' confidence as well as fueling damaging volatility on financial markets. while solid growth in big emerging economies would provide a boost, slumping global trade would drag on chinese output, the oecd said. its twice-yearly economic outlook forecast that world growth would slow to .percent in from .percent this year. that marks a sharp fall from its previous outlook in may, when the oecd estimated the world economy would grow .percent this year and .percent in . separately forecasting global growth of .percent in , morgan stanley warned in a report that, in a worst case scenario, policymakers' inaction in both europe and the united states could lead to much lower growth of .percent, with recessions in many major economies. struggling to contain an unprecedented debt crisis, the eurozone has already entered a recession and will eke out growth of only .percent in , the oecd said, slashing its forecast from .percent in may. "the euro area crisis represents the key risk to the world economy at present, with concerns about sovereign debt sustainability having become increasingly widespread," the oecd report said. if major economic shocks such as the default of a eurozone member or the collapse of a big bank were avoided, then the global recovery would likely resume over the course of . central bankers to the rescue? the oecd said many key questions about the eurozone's response to the debt crisis remain unresolved, raising doubts about even the bloc's most solid economies, as demonstrated by germany's difficulties placing bonds with investors last week. "what we see now is contagion rising and hitting probably germany as well," padoan told reuters in an interview. "so the first thing, the absolute priority, is to stop that and in the immediate the only actor that can do that is the ecb," he added, urging the central bank to commit to a creating a cap on government bond yields as a way of calming the crisis. with the federal reserve already flooding the financial system with liquidity, the u.s. central bank has even less room to act if the world's biggest economy hits a downturn. that prospect was made all the more real by the failure of congress to agree on a deficit-reduction plan, without which deep spending cuts would be triggered. "the resulting fiscal tightening, which would come automatically, would in our view likely generate a recession in the united states," padoan said. provided that the congress does reach an agreement, then the u.s economy is set to grow .percent in and .percent in , down from may forecasts of .percent and .percent respectively. with world trade growth projected to slow to .percent in from .percent this year, even china would not be spared a sharp slowdown, the oecd said. it forecast that growth in the emerging asian economic power would slow to .percent in from .percent in . slower global trade and confidence knocked by the eurozone's debt crisis could trip up germany, which the oecd estimated would grow only .percent in after a .percent expansion in . europe's biggest economy has probably entered a shallow recession at the end of the year, the oecd said. in a rare bright spot, the japanese economy was seen rebounding sharply after this year's earthquake and tsunami to achieve growth of .percent in following a contraction of .percent in . thomson reuters. .
__label__math	0.9891	mongodb browser shell version: .. connecting to random database type "help" for help type "tutorial" to start the tutorial if you're seeing this, it means something is wrong with the mongodb confluence site. you can click here or wait seconds to be redirected to the backup site.
__label__non_math	0.9969	money scandal pops up at ethics ministry posted sunday, at senior officials at the directorate of ethics and integrity spend public money without accountability, an audit brief has revealed. the officials, whose job is to champion of ethics and integrity in the country, stealthily banked office imprest into their personal accounts. the officials also spent shs672.million between april and june in marathon workshops to exhaust the budget before the end of last financial year on june . the money was drawn from bank of uganda without approval from the accounting officer, documents reveal. dr james nsaba buturo, the ethics and integrity minister whose docket is to supervise the directorate, yesterday confirmed there were accountability issues in his backyard. those are serious issues; we brought in auditors from finance ministry but i haven t got any feedback from finance or my own people, he said, i would like to know what they have found out. the minister also said that the inspector general of government, mr raphael baku, had been drafted in to investigate the financial malpractices. the documents, copies of which sunday monitor has obtained, also highlight possible fraud by the integrity officials especially in fuelling vehicles. for instance, the officials present receipts indicating that they had fuelled vehicles but after scrutiny by the internal auditor, it was found that some of the petrol-consuming vehicles were deemed to have consumed diesel and diesel-consuming cars also used petrol. one such example is vehicle no. ug 1547c. this could mean that fuel was never bought and the accountability is made up. the officials also advance themselves money without following accounting procedures. on abuse of office imprest loose cash for daily operations , the document prepared by the senior internal auditor shows that: the principal personnel officer being one of the highest culprits as he had never accounted for any of his advances nor imprest, which is a violation of the treasury accounting instruction . the document addressed to the secretary to the treasury by auditor sauba mukaliyewujja also reveals that the directorate of integrity lacked semi-annual accounts because there was no improvement in the accounts department. there are also management weaknesses like staff performing duties outside their dockets. the accounting officer, mr alex okello, is accused of watching such mismanagement. for instance, the deputy director of management information systems which falls under the department of ethics education, reportedly carries out duties of head of finance, a job meant for principal assistant secretary. a principal personnel officer also draws imprest and fuel for the whole directorate, a job meant for administrators. the senior assistant secretary signs on batches, which job should be done by the head of finance and administration, reads the letter. apparently, ms mukaliyewujja wrote the letter in response to mr okello who had accused her of insubordination and wanted her transferred. mr okello had accused ms mukaliyewujja of gross misconduct. but the auditor said the accusations of misconduct were tramped up charges meant to silence her from demanding accountability. she wrote: when i pointed out in my first quarter report that imprest had to be accounted for within one month, an imprest warrant sought from accountant general, and the accounting officer had to decide on which budget lines imprest would be used imprest holders were got, and imprest started going to personal accounts. there is no evidence that an imprest warrant was got, neither did the accounting officer specify how imprest was to be used. the officials also diverted money meant for office tea with the directorate staff not having office tea from june to at least last week. sometimes sitting allowances are claimed in the names of people who left the directorate years ago. apparently the shs672.million spent on these workshops, had not been approved by the accounting officer.
__label__non_math	0.9869	the most beautiful watch winders of the world what happens if the producer of the most luxurious vaults in the world joins forces with a producer of components and customized refinements for customers such as aston-martin or bugatti? yep they created something incredibly cool. is this perhaps the most beautiful and luxurious watch winder? well, maybe it isn t the most luxurious. that honor goes to the gigantis that was featured by our friends of thesydneytarts and which is made by the same people, kudoe schli matz. maybe they don t deserve the prize for the best company name, but luxury watch winders is their business and they really impressed us. until now they produced three models, all with a very different design, but also with some things in common. and that s is the incredible attention for detail and making no compromises when it comes to choosing for the ultimate luxury watch winders. kudoe, schli matz is a joint effort of two companies. bernd kussmaul and uwe matzner have been creating complex solutions for individual components, and customized refinements for customers such as aston-martin or bugatti, jaeger-lecoultre. markus d ttling and andreas k. schlittenhardt co-manage the d ttling manufactory, established in , which enjoys a reputation that is unique around the world in the luxury safes. if the morphosis is the most beautiful watch winder, you have to determine yourself. we think it s an incredible machine that looks amazing. the morphosis has watch winders, two times individually programmable watch-winders. each is placed in -degree position within the stainless steel casing of the morphosis, so the watches are visible from the front. as you can see on the photo of the touch panel below , this individually programming is taken very serious as soon as you enter your code on the touch panel, the interior starts turning and revealing your watches. but there is more the morphosis also has an integrated sound system that can be controlled by your smart phone. how cool is that? yep very cool. the materials used are by choice, whether it s carbon, ray skin, fabric or a fine fur cover and the same applies for all the steel components. ok, the morphosis would be slightly out of balance for those with a watch collection worth several hundreds or several thousands of euro dollar. so for those who have watches and their value calls for a suitable watch winder, than look no further. the morphosis is available from ,000 euro ex tax and more info can be found at the kudoe schli matz website.
__label__non_math	0.9999	alex ovechkin and the washington capitals have skated into unfamiliar territory. they have finally finished a series early, earning a bunch of days off during the playoffs. ovechkin quickly raced past and around defenseman marc staal to score the game's highlight goal in the second period. in the process, the capitals made short work of the new york rangers, beating them -saturday to win the first-round series in five games. "we've never done it before," capitals coach bruce boudreau said. "i'll have to give my head a shake when i wake up tomorrow and wonder where we're supposed to be playing." boudreau had led the capitals through four playoff series since becoming coach in , and all four had gone seven games. three were won by the other team, including a first-round defeat to the montreal canadiens last year after washington took a -lead. "last year, when we had the lead -, we thought it was over, and it was not over," ovechkin said. "we relaxed. right now, everybody focused and nobody relaxed." bruins , canadiens nathan horton scored at of the second overtime to give the boston bruins a -lead over the montreal canadiens in their first-round playoff series. montreal goalie carey price stopped andrew ference's wrist shot from feet but couldn't control the rebound. horton then put his second goal of the playoffs into the open right side of the net. it was boston's second overtime win in three days, including a -victory on thursday night. it also was the first win by a home team in the series. the bruins, who have won three straight games, can end the series in game on tuesday night in montreal. lightning , penguins steven stamkos scored the first two playoff goals of his nhl career and tampa bay emphatically avoided elimination by routing pittsburgh. stamkos' goals over the past two seasons led the nhl, but he had only one assist over the first four games of the series. he had three points on saturday. the penguins, who lead the series -, will get a second chance to advance monday night at tampa bay. simon gagne and pavel kubina both scored their first two goals of the series, captain vincent lecavalier added his second of the series, and martin st. louis had two assists for the lightning, who set a franchise record for goals in a road playoff game and handed the penguins their worst home playoff loss. the road teams has won four consecutive games in the series. pittsburgh's mike rupp and chris conner scored in the third period after tampa bay had taken a -lead. the penguins are -under coach dan bylsma when they have the chance to eliminate an opponent at home.
__label__non_math	0.9792	simply put, nobody goes bigger on a snowmobile. on thursday, , monster energy s paul thacker became the first human being to jump a snowmobile the length of a football field 301 feet and some change at mph. piloting a 430-pound bikeman performance-powered polaris iq 600 snowmobile with custom fox shox suspension through the overcast but calm skies of above the famed brainerd minn. nhra drag racing facility, thacker s pursuit of the once mythical 300-foot snowmobile jump mark didn t even look like it was going to get off the ground. foul weather early in the week, coupled with high winds which can spell disaster in distance jumping , put thacker s efforts on hold time after time. at p.m. thacker and the monster energy team had quit jumping, torn into the sled one last time. thacker slid out onto bir s quarter mile drag strip about an hour later and clicked off some final fly-byes. the radar read mph precisely what he needed. now it was go time. i stopped by the trailer one last time and my mechanic, alex, gave the sled a once-over and sent me on my way, said thacker. i hit it at mph and flew just over 301 feet. it wasn t until later, celebrating at a local tavern, when one of the guys the crew, slednecks jb gasperone, guys came up to thacker and said: you know how many jumps you made? thacker: no, how many? . thacker just laughed. 300 feet has been such a huge goal, such a huge sense of accomplishment. and i m honored to be the first person to do so.
__label__non_math	0.7824	posts tagged flatbed printer we proudly print all of sambazon s point of purchase materials in house here at monster media. menu boards and similar signage constantly pass through here for the well known acai berry juice company. the fun thing about printing sambazon is that we can always count on them to give us nice bright materials to show off our color skills on. the menu board below was printed directly to the substrate via our large format digital flatbed printer.
__label__non_math	0.9998	us and euro playstation store update for week ending jan by stevie smith , gmt devil may cry demo hits the playstation store this week. nero asks: "do you feel lucky?" credit: capcom. covering both of the main regional bases this week, here are the full playstation store listings for the us and european markets. this week s new content update sees the likes of pixeljunk monsters and jet moto arriving as full downloadable games in the us, while capcom fans over the pond also finally get to enjoy a little one-on-one time with the action-friendly devil may cry demo. over in europeland, downloadable games syphon filter: combat ops and judge dredd ? are available, while demos arriving alongside devil may cry include sega rally revo and pixeljunk monsters hopefully the full game won t be too far behind. extra dlc arrives in the form of even more rock band tracks and another folklore add-on for the us market, while the eu is limited to a trailer for civilization: revolution and a selection of call of duty : modern warfare wallpapers. hmm. nice. as per usual, the us content selection is considerably beefier than the eu afterthought offering but we won t waste your time or ours trying to feign surprise or attempting to compose a rant of indignation, except to say that it sucks, as always. here are the content lists in full, and we use the word full very loosely when describing the eu update: us playstation store update: games demos: pixeljunk monsters .usd inspired by the popular and addictive "tower defense" game genre, pixeljunk monsters is a fun and intuitive game featuring a uniquely attractive art style. defend your homebase against threatening monsters by building towers and casting lightning storms across the forest. file size: .3mb. jet moto .usd intense futuristic all-terrain racing across brutal tracks in extreme environments, with all-new obstacles like corkscrews, waterfalls, and volcanoes. choose one of unique riders and hang on tight devil may cry demo is his power that of a demon, or of a god? new main character nero and his demonic devil bringer add speed and style to the devil may cry series the club demo enter the club as one of the eight gladiators in this underground blood sport and compete both in single-player and multiplayer in the prison cells arena. file size: .70gb folklore: create-a-creature winner add-on free enjoy this free folklore add-on which features quasarilli, the winning design of playstation underground s folklore create-a-creature contest john woo presents stranglehold: map pack add-on .usd be sure to download the correct map pack for your version of stranglehold regular or collector s edition . available now, the downloadable map pack for the acclaimed john woo directed third-person action adventure title stranglehold. this expansion pack will add even more action and excitement to stranglehold the experience. the stranglehold map pack features: additional multiplayer maps including kowloon market, wong s estate grounds and the rooftops of chicago all-new multiplayer character skins file size: 445mb rock band: oasis pack .usd each - "don t look back in anger" - "live forever" need for speed prostreet extender pack premium car bundle .usd this bundle includes the following cars, only available through the playstation store: aston martin dbr9, porsche carrera gt, lamborghini gallardo superleggera, porsche 911 gt3 rs, lancia delta integrale evo, dodge challenger concept. need for speed prostreet extender pack premium car bundle .usd this bundle includes the following cars, only available through the playstation store: koeniggsigg ccx, mercedes-benz sl65 amg, aston martin db9, audi r8, porsche 911 gt3, honda s2000. - tony hawk s proving ground stevie williams skater profile - pixeljunk monsters trailer - the streets trailer - dragon wars trailer - soul calibur iv trailer - lost planet promotional movie - brothers in arms: hell s highway trailer - dynasty warriors trailer - borderlands trailer - pixeljunk monsters theme - lemmings theme european ps store update don t blink or you ll miss it : games demos: pixeljunk monsters - .gbp judge dredd - psone - .gbp syphon filter: combat ops - psp .gbp call of duty : modern warfare theme five call of duty : modern warfare wallpapers
__label__non_math	1.0000	jeffers steinbeck: habitat of thought at steinbeck center - when: saturday, , time tba - where: national steinbeck center, salinas - cost: not available - age limit: not available kicking off the weeks-long big read: the poetry of robinson jeffers, dr. lila staples of csumb guest curates the habitat of thought exhibition that compares and contrasts steinbeck's and jeffers' reflections on religion, love, writing and "the landscape of california's central coast" with photographs and paintings. dr. staples dicusses the lives and artistic temperments of these two literary giants at a saturday talk titled "jeffers and steinbeck's california: word and images" for center members and teachers. the exhibit runs oct. to nov. . must rsvp. see cover story. wr -. national steinbeck center, main st., salinas. included wtih regular admission. 775-.
__label__non_math	1.0000	friends to follow promote your facebook, twitter or any other social media page here and start building your following. email us firstname.lastname or call 831-394- the mission of the monterey county weekly is to inspire independent thinking and conscious action, etc. serving big sur, carmel, carmel valley, castroville, del rey oaks, marina, monterey, moss landing, pacific grove, pebble beach, prunedale, salinas, salinas valley, sand city, seaside and the entire monterey county. milestone communications inc. . formerly the coast weekly newspaper.
__label__non_math	0.9999	the stinking rose a peek at winning recipes from last weekend s great garlic cook-off. thursday, dude, i can t believe this. i can t believe this. alice hagopian of montclair, calif., is backstage at the gilroy garlic festival great garlic cook-off, amazed at the second place finish of her garlic appetizer de-lites amongst the scores of submissions nationwide. hagopian is celebrating her win by happily snacking on the other top dishes that qualified for last saturday s final. i can t believe i held up through this pressure, she grins, sampling some curry seafood gumbo with saffron sake rice. all 200 pounds of me. i gotta go on a diet when i get back. her candor is endearing. it s not altogether unlike her straightforward, practical approach in the kitchen, which for the busy gourmet gives her recipes increased appeal. i have three boys , , and , hagopian says, as she tries out some garlic flan with lime grilled shrimp on wilted arugula. they all play football. they don t want to wait for food. so it s get it in the oven, get out of the way, give all my attention to the boys . by contrast, the full-bodied flavor of first place winner mary beth harris-murphree s basil and garlic-stuffed sea scallops wrapped in prosciutto requires a little more investment. the tyler, texas, resident admits that people at the gilroy-area restaurant chain mama mia, who have committed to prepare the recipe starting thursday, a garlic festival first, might not have rooted for her had they known the prep involved. they re going to hate me there, she says. it ll be very hard to do a lot of. they ll have to prep it overnight to even make it work. for pleasing the five food experts on the committee, hagopian wins ,000. says hagopian, after a bite of harris-murphree s scallops, dude, i didn t think i could see it through i feel like i m gonna go back and cry. so it s to the people s champion we turn for the tastiest three of her six recipes. sweet bell pepper explosion serves red miniature sweet bell peppers yellow miniature sweet bell peppers cup finely minced sweet onion cup fresh parsley, finely chopped teaspoons minced garlic cup extra virgin olive oil cup lemon juice teaspoon salt cut off top of sweet bell peppers and hollow out inside. combine sweet onions, parsley, garlic, extra virgin oil, lemon juice and salt to taste. stuff miniature peppers with a small spoon and refrigerate until time to serve. baby pita pillows serves baby pita pocket breads pound extra lean ground beef whole green onions, finely chopped tablespoons minced garlic teaspoon ginger teaspoon cinnamon preheat oven to 350 degrees. gently slice side of pita bread open halfway. in a small bowl mix ground beef, onions, garlic, ginger and cinnamon; stuff mixture into pita breads. wrap each pita bread in small foil pockets; bake at 350 degrees for -minutes or until golden brown. garlic lemon tiger shrimp on pita crunchies serves large tiger shrimp tablespoons minced garlic tablespoons butter cup thinly sliced sweet onions cup lemon juice wash shrimp and soak in lemon juice. combine butter, garlic and onions in a small skillet. once the onions carmelize, place shrimp in pan until they turn red. remove from heat and peel. return shrimp to pan and add tablespoon lemon juice to mixture and briefly heat up. baby pita pocket breads tablespoons butter teaspoons minced garlic teaspoon dried parsley oz. whipped cream cheese tablespoon garlic peppercorn medley mccormick slice pita breads open on the side seams. saut butter and garlic in a saucepan until garlic is golden brown. add in parsley. using a pastry brush, brush garlic butter on each pita bread. place in oven at 425 degrees for minutes or until golden brown. remove from oven, let cool. using a pastry bag or a spoon , place a dollop of whipped cream cheese on pita crunchie and place shrimp on top, grinding garlic peppercorn medley over it.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the getting word oral history project was begun at monticello in to preserve the histories of the african american families at thomas jefferson s virginia plantation. over 100 interviews with their descendants and additional archival research have brought remarkable individuals out of the shadows of slavery. we can now tell the stories of people whose lives and achievements were all but erased over the last 200 years. "i remember hearing..." listen to the way back tales of monticello and the newer stories of fighting for justice, as descendants bring to light the lives of their ancestors and the values they passed down. this is our family see how stories about the african americans of monticello including the largest family, the hemingses reveal the strength of family bonds and importance of community activism. "he was a civil war hero" learn about all the participants in the getting word project and some of their ancestors from previous centuries: blacksmiths and farmers, educators and ministers, soldiers and suffragists.
__label__non_math	0.9960	continuing south along mexico from santiago, the next town off the west side of the highway is miraflores pop. ,000 , a center for agriculture, leatherwork, and handmade furniture. follow the paved access road from the pemex at km. about .kilometers to the town center. you ll pass a few carnicerias where the town population seems to congregate on sunday afternoons a tienda popular minimarket, and several other businesses. turn left at the t to find the small plaza, town church, and a couple of eateries. there s not much for visitors to see here, but curtidur a miraflores miraflores tannery, tel. 624 355-, a.m. p.m. daily , on the way into town left side of the road , makes leather saddles and other ranching gear as well as a limited assortment of hats, belts, and purses. two annual events in miraflores would make for an especially festive visit: fiesta guadalupana on december and the miraflores town fiesta on july . a dirt road leaves miraflores heading northwest to the village of boca de la sierra mouth of the sierra , which is located at the entrance to ca on san bernardo, an access point for hikes into the sierra. another dirt road southwest of town goes to ca on san pablo, another trail into the mountains. the leather shop is a good place to inquire about hiring a guide for a hike. nikki goth itoi from moon baja, 9th edition
__label__non_math	1.0000	the ravenous pig n. orange ave., winter park, 407 628-, lunch a.m. p.m. tues. sat., dinner p.m. tues. thurs., p.m. fri. sat., main courses from emerged on the winter park dining scene in late and its gastropub concept serving exceptionally inventive and perfectly prepared dishes in an environment that s part pub, part fine dining has proven enormously successful. braised pork bellies, lobster tacos, steak tartare, raw-bar offerings, blue cheese burgers, and the truly divine truffle fries are just a few of the selections that have helped cement the pig s reputation as a culinary destination. the carefully manicured wine and beer lists and surprisingly friendly staff not to mention the monthly pig roasts have ensured a steady stream of regulars, so you d be wise to call ahead for a reservation. jason ferguson from moon florida, 1st edition
__label__non_math	0.9956	a number of companies offer scenic bald eagle float trips december february, when the population is at a peak. the river is so gentle that wet suits are not necessary; just wear warm winter clothing. one well-regarded outfitter, pacific northwest float trips 360 757-, offers two trip choices on the skagit. the long version runs four hours and includes lunch at the end of the line . nature lovers apprehensive about the cold and discomfort may also want to look into ackerlund s guide service 360 848-, , which offers its guests propane-heated boats and comfy seats on its four-hour floats. ericka chickowski from moon washington, 8th edition
__label__non_math	0.9998	experience level with this product bad ass mo fo avid, experienced adventurer sort of experienced casual, recreational adventurer trendsetter fashionable, stylish probably shouldn't listen to me clueless but want the rewards points moosejaw.com is designed so customers can read customer reviews written by people that are most like themselves. we won't show your birthday to anyone. we just use this so we know what age range you fall into under , -, -, -, . plus, if we have your birthday, we can give you all sorts of gifts when that special day comes around. we probably won't get you anything though. actually, i think i'll buy you a thick gold chain with a beautiful medallion. my wish list items your wish list is empty. "if you will it, it is no dream" - theodor herzl view entire wish list send my wish list to a friend or enemy go to my cart your cart is empty. walter sobchak: "you want a toe? i can get you a toe, believe me. there are ways, dude." live chat we are decent chatters call us 877-moosejaw 877.666. 248.246. outside usa email us email hours all times are est mon - thur: - fri: - sat: - sun: - back in points on all regular priced items and on sale items. use your points at moosejaw rewards enter an item number from the catalog. if you don't know what an item number is, ask someone smarter than you. call moosejaw at 877.moosejaw .877.666. or 188..131. north avis suite 100, madison heights, mi . fax: 248.246. new moosejaw, llc . gear sale - off shop now - jackets footwear clothing sleeping bags packs tents all gear enjoy special offers available only to our subscribers. be the first to see the latest styles, events and madness. get 100 moosejaw rewards points just for signing up. people will like you more.
__label__math	0.9987	david emmit adams yes, you can
__label__non_math	0.9986	over ,000 hours went into... over ,000 hours went into the restoration of tom pike's '383 'cuda. according to tom, it is one of only 130 four-speeds built and is finished in its original q5 seafoam turquoise. the original 383 still resides... the original 383 still resides under the hood. it was bored .030-inch over rebuilt to stock specs, save for some minor cylinder head porting. a lot of detail work went into making this engine compartment factory-correct. it seems fairly common to hear of father son projects, but don't be too quick to rule out a daughter's interest in mopars. tom pike, a toolmaker from victor, new york, will tell you that restoring his '383 four-speed 'cuda was a great way to spend quality time with his daughter sara. sara was just a -year-old when tom began the restoration project. "my older brother, jerry, bought the car new in pensacola, florida," tom recalled. "the only options on the car were an am radio, a fold-flat rear seat, and the a57 'cuda package." jerry and his wife used the car until , when tom purchased it. it was in rough condition, with quite a bit of salt damage on the floorboards and rear quarters, as well as a threadbare interior. mechanically, though, the 'cuda was fairly sound and still a numbers-matching vehicle. the plymouth remained in storage until , when tom was finally able to get to his long-awaited project. he was especially pleased that sara displayed an interest in the project. she did a lot of sanding, painting on assemblies, and help with the mechanicals. says her proud father, "she's great with a torque wrench, and the best part is she takes great pride in what she does." though this was tom's first restoration project, he wasn't about to fly by the seat of his pants. he had a clear idea of what would be required for a quality restoration. he extensively researched assembly procedures that the factory originally used when putting these cars together. he also took great pains to make sure the original factory markings and finishes were faithfully reproduced. tom formulated an accurate-appearing and durable finish that duplicated the look of the factory-applied cosmoline found on the 'cuda's lower control arms. this involved using weather proof, an industrial coating used to protect parts stored outdoors. weather proof goes on clear, but when multiple coats are applied, it takes on a milky appearance. after applying twenty coats and then hitting it with a 3m scrubby pad, tom was able to get just the right look. "it was pretty much a trial-and-error effort, but it worked great," he admitted. one of tom's objectives was to keep as much of the original components on the 'cuda as possible. "i didn't want this car to turn into an n.o.s. buggy," tom said. "i wanted to refurbish and reuse as many parts as i could." indeed, except for the left rear quarter-panel, rear floor sections, miscellaneous trim pieces, and fresh upholstery from legendary auto interiors, this car still has most of its original factory-installed parts. the original 383 was removed and sent to bob repyne of bob's automotive in eldred, pennsylvania. it was bored .030-inch over and was rebuilt completely stock, except for some mild port work in the bowl areas. the transmission and rearend were refurbished and detailed along with the engine by tom and sara in their home shop. though tom did all of the paint work on the underbody and inner body panels, he chose to hand off the exterior painting chores to les mahnke at carriage stop restorations in palmyra, new york. les expertly resprayed the 'cuda in its original q5 seafoam turquoise, this time using the sikkens basecoat clearcoat system for added durability, as this car was built to be driven. tom then added a set of reproduction stripes to finish off the job and voila-the 'cuda looks exactly like the day it was originally built, right down to the correct red line tires and dog dish caps. after over ,000 hours of work over eight and a half years, the 'cuda was finished in the late summer of , too late for most of the shows that season. but the pikes managed to drive the 'cuda to the adirondack nationals in lake george, new york, where out of ,530 cars entered, it was chosen as one of the event's "favorite ." a couple of weeks later at the annual sage-ruddy car show in mendon, new york, tom and sara won a first in class trophy and one for the best restoration at the event. now that the 'cuda is finished, tom is looking to drive the car as much as possible. sara is also getting behind the wheel, no need for power steering or brakes here. no doubt about it, she certainly earned her stripes with its restoration. the cabin's factory-fresh... the cabin's factory-fresh appearance is courtesy of a legendary auto interiors kit and an immense amount of detail work. the fold-down rear seat is... the fold-down rear seat is one of the few options ordered on this a-body. it gave the 'cuda the practicality of a station wagon without sacrificing its sleek look. the 'cuda's fastback bodystyle... the 'cuda's fastback bodystyle still looks great after -plus years and is a direct styling link to the original-generation barracuda.
__label__non_math	0.9994	slide and negative to digital picture converter this device converts old 35mm slides and film negatives into digital images, allowing you to easily preserve your memories without having to rely on a conversion service, and allowing you to clear valuable storage space of cluttered slide carousels and dusty photo boxes. slides and negatives are placed into a tray that aligns each properly; the touch of a button scans the image instantly. it has a 5mp cmos sensor that provides bits per color channel for data conversion, and uses fixed focus and automatic exposure control and color balance, resulting in clear digital images without loss of resolution. it can scan images up to ,829 dpi and uses three white leds as a back light source. for photo transfers and power it has a usb cable that plugs into a pc running windows xp and includes software that allows you to edit, crop, and resize your slides as well as convert your negatives into positives. click for more information
__label__non_math	1.0000	- compatible with apple iphone black white iphone cdma model - available in blazing colors: black white - rubberized plastic case with silver metal skin - slim fit grip case clip-on style - includes microfiber dust pouch to protect your case from scratches and serves as a cleaning cloth when needed - easy access to all controls and ports - includes mircofiber dust pouch x , crystal screen protector x front mirror screen protector x front blaze collection for iphone 3g 3gs available here. this product is currently out of stock.
__label__non_math	0.9948	education of a teacher "i like to say that one of the reasons i left corporate life to become an eighth-grade math teacher is that i struggled so much in school as a kid. i even failed kindergarten. when i tell that to my students, they laugh. but it s true. "i was when my parents immigrated to new york city from the galicia area, in northwest spain. when i was in grade school, bilingual programs weren t really offered, and i didn t understand the language well enough. when my teacher said that we had to read a book in three weeks, i understood it as three days. i had a rough time in those first few years because i didn t want people to think i was stupid. "my mother and father strongly believed that an education was the key to success, and they instilled that principle in me. i didn t go to an ivy league school, but i got a good education because i wanted to succeed. i spent years at ibm, working my way up from an entry-level administrative job to the position of client executive. i was on a great career path and making good money, but i wasn t thrilled about continuing on that road; i realized it was just going to be more of the same. at , i decided that teaching would be my way to give back. i knew it was time to move on and find my life s work. "i ve been teaching math, in english and in spanish, for five years now at a public school in upper manhattan. as the daughter of immigrants, i wanted to focus on helping hispanic kids because they tend to lag behind the most when it comes to math, science, and technology. ninety percent of my students are from the dominican republic or puerto rico; the rest were born in the united states to hispanic parents. "in the beginning, my biggest fear was the financial risk: going from making a lot of money to very little. although my husband worked, we had a daughter who d just started college and a son who was in high school. i spent a year without health insurance, and it took four months just to get through the application process to become a teaching fellow." editor s note: the new york city teaching fellows program allows professionals from other fields to teach while studying for a master s degree in education. a demanding and rewarding job "i worked very hard at ibm, but i m working even harder now. if you want to do this job right, you have to give 150 percent of yourself. and there is no downtime: you re dealing with kids all day whose abilities are below standard; then you have to grade papers and do lesson planning at home. "to be honest, i didn t realize how physically demanding this job would be. i was prepared for children with social issues and even for gang activity, but i wasn t prepared for the drain on my body. i never expected to be constantly dehydrated. every friday that first year i d crash on the kitchen table; my son had to push me up the stairs to bed one night. "but it s interesting how fulfilling life can be if you re doing something that has meaning. i know exactly why i get up every morning now. each day i see at least one student smile after having an aha "i ve helped many students get through hard times, but i also have a lot of fun with them. one day, i was reprimanding the class because they were being disruptive. i said, what do you think, i m dumb? i ve been around the block a couple of times. and one student responded, miss temprano, what block you been around? "i had one of my best days that first year when two of my students got a and a 100 on their tests, and the class as a whole did well. this was a first for me, and i paraded with those tests right into the principal s office boy, did i have a huge grin on my face. i knew that moment was the turning point i had been hoping for.
__label__non_math	1.0000	for those with busy lives needing extra energy or a rejuvenating boost to their body, we have not found better solutions than these vitamins and oils. whether preparing for uncertainty or planning a trip away, enjoy meal packets that provide you with the taste of home-cooking and the convenience of easy preparation. these water filtration systems remove harmful substances and reduce heavy metals, providing your family water that tastes fantastic critically chosen bulk herbs and whole foods that build your health and energy naturally without added side effects. books packed with practical tips and sound guidance to healthy living with performance well beyond normal. scarves from laos that are hand-woven out of silk and come in a variety of designs and colors. hair sticks that are sure to complement any outfit thank you for visiting with us, and giving us the opportunity to introduce ourselves. our names are vlad and joy. our home is located among the beautiful rolling hills of west tennessee. here we enjoy all the great freedoms of a country setting.after joining in marriage in , we had several experiences which convinced us that taking the responsibility for our health was the best course of action.we began by choosing a water filter and expanded from there into learning which herb healed a certain condition and then into making herbs part of our daily diet in order to prevent getting sick.later, we came to understand the way our western food system has almost totally changed into a chemically consumed, low-nutrition source and began to look for whole foods that contained the vital nutrients our bodies need. more than alive is our way of sharing these with you. joy all my products were received timely, well packaged and completely fresh. thank you for your wonderful service i love the dead sea salt as always you deliver as expected. everything i ordered was included. this is why i am a return customer. thank you
__label__non_math	0.9999	no longer words starting with cowinners found in this word list. back to cowinner some random words: ihram this is not a dictionary, it's a word game wordfinder. - help and faq - examples - home morewords.com - c - e2k - .146ms
__label__non_math	0.9999	no words starting with uux found in this word list. some random words: jnana this is not a dictionary, it's a word game wordfinder. - help and faq - examples - home morewords.com - d - e2k - .905ms
__label__math	0.8408	definition of camaraderie n. - comradeship and loyalty. the word "camaraderie" uses letters: a a a c d e e i m r r. no direct anagrams for camaraderie found in this word list. words formed by adding one letter before or after camaraderie in bold , or to aaacdeeimrr in any order: s - camaraderies all words formed from camaraderie by changing one letter browse words starting with camaraderie by next letter
__label__non_math	0.9987	remove all display ads definitions of cessn. - a rate or tax. 2n. - bound; measure. 2v. t. - to rate; to tax; to assess. 2v. i. - to cease; to neglect. the word "cess" uses letters: c e s s. direct anagrams of cess: secs words formed by adding one letter before or after cess in bold , or to cess in any order:a - cases h - chess i - sices o - coses p - specs r - cress t - sects y - syces shorter words found within cess:es ess sec list shorter words within cess, sorted by length words formed from any letters in cess, plus an optional blank or existing letter list all words starting with cess, words containing cess or words ending with cess all words formed from cess by changing one letter other words with the same letter pairs: ce es ss browse words starting with cess by next letter previous word in list: cesiums next word in list: cessation some random words: veal this is not a dictionary, it's a word game wordfinder. - help and faq - examples - home morewords.com - c - e2k - .300ms
__label__math	0.6248	the word "puddings" uses letters: d d g i n p s u. direct anagrams of puddings: words formed by adding one letter before or after puddings in bold , or to ddginpsu in any order: l - puddlings all words formed from puddings by changing one letter browse words starting with puddings by next letter
__label__math	0.9826	seltzers is a valid word in this word list. for a definition, see the external dictionary links below. the word "seltzers" uses letters: e e l r s s t z. no direct anagrams for seltzers found in this word list. adding one letter to seltzers does not form any other word in this word list.words within seltzers not shown as it has more than seven letters. all words formed from seltzers by changing one letter browse words starting with seltzers by next letter
__label__non_math	1.0000	scenically and conveniently situated at corrigans beach, our motel units offer a range of fine accommodation in a great location. the batemans bay area has a wonderful array of holiday activities and all are within easy distance of the abel tasman. the motel units are opposite the expansive corrigans beach reserve which has picnic facilities and a children's playground. watch the colour of yachts and other activity of the bay, fish from the beach, sail, swim or snorkel, there s something for everyone right next door. it s just a short walk to local shops and restaurants. the hole golf course and club, birdland animal park and the marina are just a minute s drive. website by morningside internet
__label__non_math	1.0000	man, , robs friend at gunpoint lorain an oberlin man was arrested for robbing his friend at gunpoint on early sunday in lorain, police reported. sean w. seese, , was arrested wednesday morning at his friend s east 40th street home. he was charged with aggravated robbery and is being held in the lorain city jail. the -year-old victim told police he and seese were smoking cigarettes in the victim s garage about a.m. sunday. the victim pulled ,250 from his pocket, money intended to pay bills, and he began counting it. he told police that is when seese grabbed the money and pulled a .380-caliber handgun from his backpack and pointed it at the victim, whom he has known for years. the victim stood up from the chair he was sitting in and seese fired one shot toward the ceiling. seese then ran and fired another shot in the direction of the victim s feet. seese got in a lincoln town car and fled, according to the police report. location, st national news videos - crash in brownhelm township kills , injures - man charged with murder in stabbing death of infant girl - a tribute long due; veterans' unmarked graves get headstones - shoplifting suspect arrested - wow - a mere of small suvs perform well in crash tests - vermilion man killed in baumhart road accident - cavs have proven doubters wrong lately - amherst students found with marijuana at junior high, middle school - man who shot himself at sheriff s office identified - bay village woman reports an at-large pig - brothers earn highest eagle scout award - lorain municipal court deputy clerk faces charges after drug raid - st. joseph cemetery to see expansion by summer recent activity on facebook browse local photo galleries, and purchase prints.
__label__non_math	0.9901	morningstar markets editor jeremy glaser highlights some must-dos in for banks, blackberry devices, frazzled investors, and corporate america's balance sheets. are berkshire's best acquisition days behind it? berkshire authors weigh in. aqr's cliff asness describes the strategies behind the firm's merger-arbitrage and managed futures funds. as berkshire gets larger and larger, its acquisition opportunity set gets smaller and smaller, says analyst drew woodbury. the good news for the merger and acquisitions market in ? corporate profit margins have soared. focus financial partners' acquisition of merriman expands the large independent wealth management partnership's west coast presence. combo of stock exchange, futures market could reignite exchange merger mania. morningstar advisor. all right reserved.
__label__non_math	0.9998	just under ,000 in bonuses were given out of three county departments at the end of last fiscal year, says grundy board chairman ron severson, and although this is not illegal, he called it a moral problem. the finance committee met tuesday and severson alerted the members to the bonuses out of the county clerk's, treasurer's and state's attorney's offices. the bonuses in the state's attorney's office were given under former state's attorney john bates, not under current state's attorney jason helland. "there is no money missing, no illegalities going on, and it's partly our fault, too, for not looking close enough," severson said. on wednesday, treasurer marcy miller and county clerk lana phillips argued they wouldn't have had to give their employees the one-time bonuses if the county took better care of their employees like they asked. "i have two people and asked them to please take care of my two people," said miller. "i went to two finance meetings and two budget meetings asking for them to take care of my people and they didn't." miller was present at tuesday's meeting, but did not speak. phillips was not there. the treasurer employees received the .percent raise last fiscal year that all the county's non-union employees received. but, with her two employees working long hours on a new system, plus the increase in insurance costs, they deserved more, miller said. november payrolls for the county were nov. and nov. , but on nov. there was a special payroll for those three offices. severson obtained the information from the treasurer's office through a freedom of information act request, he said. once an elected official's budget is approved by the board, they can spend it how they see fit, said severson, as long as it is legal. he claims these three offices took leftover funds they had from line items that did not get fully spent and gave bonuses with the remaining money. "the day before the fiscal year ended, they just drained whatever still had money in it," severson said. although this is not illegal, it is not fair to the employees who did not get bonuses, said severson. it causes "bad morale," he said, among county employees. both miller and phillips said severson's allegation was completely untrue. the bonuses they gave from their two offices all came out of salary line items, not from other line items such as office supplies or capital funds. "i wanted to compensate them. they had an extraordinary year with the two elections they had. they went over and above what they needed to," phillips said. the bonuses were taken out of the salary line item of her portion of the general fund, said phillips, and out of the salaries and "extra clerk" lines of her record document storage fund. the document storage fund comes into the clerk's office, but is not levied for by the county. the bonuses for miller's employees also came out of the salary line item because she was planning to hire a new employee, but only hired part-time help, so she had the money in her budget. "if its .percent for everybody and that's all they can afford, but the general fund ended much higher than it did last year," miller said. county board secretary sandy pommier received more than the .percent when she received a bonus at the end of of ,500 for her extra work taking on administrator duties. "the difference was it went to finance and was voted on in a public meeting," said severson wednesday. when county administrators dan duffy and shawn hamilton left, pommier stepped up both times to take on their duties, he said. the bonus was for the about eight months over two years she took those responsibilities on. severson said her bonus was taken out of the county administrator fund, where that salary is budgeted for. but miller said the documentation submitted to her office for the stipend was from the contingency fund, which does not have line items for salaries. "they get to reward their employees, i want to reward mine," miller said. the amount of money the county clerk, treasurer and state's attorney's offices gave in bonuses was not shared, but severson said it was almost ,000 total. severson did say the bonuses ranged from ,000 a person. helland also said bates gave his assistant state's attorney susan bates the day before her last day on the job. the total amount is alarming, he said, especially when there are programs in desperate need of funding, such as mental health programs and drug court. grundy county coroner john callahan was present at the meeting and said he was upset to hear of the other departments' actions when his office returned its left over funds to the county board. he said later his office returned ,200 when it did not use all of its budgeted funds for additional on-call deputies. severson said at the meeting the county isn't going to be asking for the money back, but wants to put measures in place so the county board is aware of any bonuses. assistant state's attorney perry rudman said the county board should have a resolution stating personnel costs cannot come from other funds. severson suggested that, during the budget process, the departments should make bonuses part of their estimated budget so they are a part of the budget approved by the county board. "the problem is i, the county board and the finance committee didn't know about it and it was done on the last day of the fiscal year," he said after the meeting. "there needs to be restrictions on what they can pay out beyond salary," severson added. phillips explained that once the budgets are approved, it is the elected official's job of that office to stay within that budget, which she and miller did. they did not go over budget, nor spend from other line items, she said. "i look forward to david allen welter getting the salaries online so the public can see which individuals are given favoritism, " phillips said. severson told the committee if an elected official feels someone in their department needs a bonus at the end of the year, they should come before the finance committee and tell the members how much they would like to give and why. another part of the problem, he said, is some departments are budgeting for a salary for an employee they want to hire in the future. but if they don't end up hiring, there is extra money in the budget. the assessor's office had ,000 extra because of this, said severson to the committee, but the assessor did not give out the extra money in bonuses. if a department wants to hire someone and allocate money for that, they should go before the personnel committee, he said. at the meeting, it was said that some of the bonuses out of the state's attorney's office came out of money from a grant, which is being investigated to see if there was any wrongdoing. "there was money taken from a grant, to me that is illegal," said committee member vicki geiger. severson said he and pommier are going through all the department budgets and expects to be amending this year's fiscal year budget. when the new human resources sirector starts, it will become that departments responsibility to check that all salaries match current employees. "this is not democrat, republican or presbyterian," severson said. county board vice chairman david welter, who was filling in as chairman of finance in chairman john galloway and vice chairman chris balkema's absence, disagreed. "i don't mean to bring up politics, but all were held by democrats," he said. phillips said wednesday all she and miller did was give their employees what they deserve. "the only people that can go to bat for our employees is us," she said.
__label__non_math	0.9942	home builders, who have been feeling the squeeze on the selling side of their business for months, are now reporting that they are caught in a crunch on the development side as money for land acquisition, development, and home construction is drying up. while the spill-over from the subprime crises has made credit difficult to obtain on many levels and for many businesses, the national association of home builders claimed this week that pressure on home builders is growing worse. bob mitchell, a home builder from rockville, maryland and former president of the nahb testified this week before the senate small business committee's hearing on "impacts of the credit crunch on small firms," telling members that, "this credit crunch actually appears to be worsening despite the concerted efforts of central banks here and abroad. tighter mortgage lending terms have made it difficult for home buyers to obtain financing to purchase new homes. likewise, there have been dramatic adverse swings in the cost and availability of ad c loans for home builders." builders use ad c loans acquisition, development, and construction to purchase land, develop lots, put in infrastructure such as streets and sidewalks, lighting, utility connections; and to build the actual houses. mitchell told the senators that funding for residential development and construction projects has been severely limited or blocked completely at federally insured depository institutions. these are, he said, the sole source of credit for these types of projects for the small businesses that comprise most of the home building industry. there is also no secondary market for residential construction money to which local lenders could turn for additional liquidity. he noted that such a secondary market would directly benefit builders and lenders by transferring risk away from the lenders, increasing the availability of funds and mitigating the impact of equity calls on builders or the transfers of partially completed projects to banks under capital or regulatory pressure. mitchell called for participation on the part of many components of the private and public sectors to build such a market for ad c loans. among his suggestions: - government sponsored entities: fannie mae should increase activity in its existing ad c loan purchase program while freddie mac creates a similar program; - federal home loan banks: housing production loans should be accepted as collateral for secured advances to member institutions; - the federal housing administration: competition in the secondary market would be increased by federal insurance of the construction portion of these loans in order to attract new originators such as mortgage banking companies. - wall street: changes to tax provisions relating to real estate mortgage investment conduits and taxable mortgage pools would be helpful in securitizing construction loans and wall street could develop prototype private security instruments for ad c loans. - banking regulators: a balanced approach when evaluating bank lending is crucial in regard to these loans. "small businesses, including small builders, are vital to the economy and arbitrary or unreasonable regulatory restrictions would only serve to harm many builders, and potentially, many banks," said mitchell. "it would be ironic and tragic to have the positive work of the fed undone by bank regulators taking a totally different vision and approach when it comes to lending matters." mitchell, in his testimony, also called for passage of the housing stimulus measures recommended earlier by nahb. several of these measures are contained in bills being considered by the house, the senate, or committees trying to reconcile different house and senate versions, but in some cases congress did not go as far as nahb would like. the organization's wish list, as enumerated by mitchell, would include a temporary home buyer tax credit that nahb sees stimulating a "wave of buying that could quickly reduce excess supply in housing markets and halt the dangerous erosion of house prices and mortgage credit quality." other provisions include expanding the carryback of net operating losses beyond the current two years. nahb has suggested a carryback of five years which it claims would help all types of businesses that have been hit hard in the current economic climate, including financial institutions and manufacturers, and would provide flexibility for home builders with large land holdings to reduce their inventories in an orderly fashion to stabilize home and land prices. finally, approving a temporary billion expansion of the mortgage revenue bond program would help strapped borrowers seeking to refinance their own homes. expanding the reach of the program would allow it to have the largest effect particularly in communities experiencing the possibility of a wave of foreclosures or an extreme excess of inventory.
__label__non_math	0.9404	memory loss amnesia is unusual forgetfulness. you may not be able to remember new events, recall one or more memories of the past, or both. forgetfulness; amnesia; impaired memory; loss of memory; amnestic syndrome normal aging may cause some forgetfullness. it's normal to have some trouble learning new material, or needing more time to remember it. however, normal aging does not lead to dramatic memory loss. such memory loss is due to other diseases. sometimes, memory loss may be seen with depression. it can be hard to tell the difference between memory loss and confusion due to depression. some types of memory loss may cause you to forget recent or new events, past or remote events, or both. you may forget memories from a single event, or all events. memory loss may cause you to have trouble learning new information or forming new memories. the memory loss may be temporary transient , or permanent. memory loss can be caused by many different things. to determine a cause, your doctor or nurse will ask if the problem came on suddenly or slowly. many areas of the brain help you create and retrieve memories. a problem in any of these areas can lead to memory loss. causes of memory loss include: alcohol or use of illicit drugs not enough oxygen to the brain heart stopped, stopped breathing, complications from anesthesia brain growths caused by tumors or infection brain infections such as lyme disease, syphilis, or hiv aids a person with memory loss needs a lot of support. it helps to show them familiar objects, music, or photos. write down when the person should take any medication or complete any other important tasks. it is important to write it down. if a person needs help with everyday tasks, or safety or nutrition is a concern, you may want to consider extended care facilities, such as a nursing home. what to expect at your health care provider's office the doctor or nurse will perform a physical exam and ask questions about the person's medical history and symptoms. this will almost always include asking questions of family members and friends. they should come to the appointment. medical history questions may include: can the person remember recent events is there impaired short-term memory ? can the person remember events from further in the past is there impaired long-term memory ? is there a loss of memory about events that occurred before a specific experience anterograde amnesia ? is there a loss of memory about events that occurred soon after a specific experience retrograde amnesia ? is there only a minimal loss of memory? does the person make up stories to cover gaps in memory confabulation ? is the person suffering from low moods that impair concentration? has the memory loss been getting worse over years? has the memory loss been developing over weeks or months? is the memory loss present all the time or are there distinct episodes of amnesia? if there are amnesia episodes, how long do they last? aggravating or triggering factors has there been a head injury in the recent past? has the person experienced an event that was emotionally traumatic? has there been a surgery or procedure requiring general anesthesia? does the person use alcohol? how much? does the person use illegal illicit drugs? how much? what type? what other symptoms does the person have? is the person confused or disoriented? can they independently eat, dress, and perform similar self-care activities? have they had seizures? tests that may be done include: blood tests for specific diseases that are suspected such as low vitamin b12 or thyroid disease kirshner hs. approaches to intellectual and memory impairments. in: gradley wg, daroff rb, fenichel gm, jankovic j, eds. neurology in clinical practice. 5th ed. philadelphia, pa: butterworth-heinemann; :chap . luc jasmin, md, phd, department of neurosurgery at cedars-sinai medical center, los angeles, and department of anatomy at ucsf, san francisco, ca. review provided by verimed healthcare network. also reviewed by david zieve, md, mha, medical director, a.d.a.m., health solutions, ebix, inc.
__label__non_math	1.0000	another book: prenatal yoga natural birth, by jeannine parvati baker can't believe i forgot that earlier. ..... you don't develop a fever and ....... your water isn't broken for more than hours and ......... you aren't in labor before weeks. more than post-partum sized pads in under an hour, you're probably hemmoraghing. to prevent this from being a problem ..... don't force yourself to push don't push for extended periods of time let your body do the work, and ....... nurse the baby immediately frequently after birth. if he she isn't interested, play w your own nipples this stimulates oxytocin which will help your uterus contract. ..... mg dl "fasting" when you first wake up , ....... 120 mg dl hours after a meal, ......... and don't forget that caffeine affects your blood sugar. that's all i can think of right now. i feel sure i'm forgetting something........
__label__non_math	0.9911	mothering mroeber's profile mroeber's recent activity tiny pimples bumps that come and go...could this be an allergy? mroeber posted in this thread in health and healing at ingrown toenails after pregnancy mroeber posted in this thread in health and healing at albumsview all photos
__label__non_math	1.0000	book review: whatever it takes paul tough on geoffrey canada's quest to change harlem and america. it's a familiar story: a guy from the hood does good, then returns to lift up the folks back home. a reporter shadows him, showing us the bullet holes, the exhausted yet heroic crusader, the teary graduation ceremony. whatever it takes fits into the inner-city redemption genre, but thankfully, paul tough avoids its traps. his subject, geoffrey canada, is the head of the harlem children's zone, a conveyor belt of conception-to-graduation services and schools that he hopes will "contaminate" harlem with education and upward mobility. canada's strategy, as tough puts it, is to "borrow some of the new ideas from the manic superparents downtown and combine them with the hanging-out-on-the-stoop beliefs that he grew up with" to create a new black middle class. his baby college gets pregnant teenagers to talk to their fetuses, preschoolers study french, and eighth-graders at his promise academy charter school stay in class through july.
__label__non_math	0.9999	the rollout likely will be slow, but it seems inevitable that e15 fuel will begin to flow from gas pumps before long. it s not too soon to prepare for the effect this might have on your customers and their vehicles. vehicles that are driven infrequently often develop electrical quirks during those long hibernations. when a customer states it ran good when i parked it, it may be a good time to verify the basics. well-trained, motivated and trustworthy employees are one of the most important assets of any successful business. it s worth the time and effort required to keep such employees happy and on your payroll. this month s column is a mixed bag, with something for everyone: power supplies for oscilloscopes, brake-service tips and even a word-usage correction. the only thing missing is a good used car for your kid reducing a vehicle s weight typically adds to its development and production costs. finding a lighter substitute for copper in wiring and other electronic components actually saves money. a fact of life is that a waveform, in many cases, is mandatory for professional-level diagnostics. its unique perspective offers us the opportunity to learn more and learn faster. the automakers major suppliers are driving much of the innovation in today s and tomorrow s new cars. keeping up on what s coming from these tier one suppliers will allow you to service a wide range of vehicles. local j2534 training offered by otc, robinair announces r-1234yf compliance for ir refrigerant leak detector, john bean s new integrity test drive completes vehicle inspection in minutes, plus other news of interest to shop owners and technicians. over ,000 solutions to service concerns based on oem tsbs covering over years of domestic and imported cars, light trucks, and vans. search by vehicle, system, or symptom short, easily digested items about companies' new brochures, programs and promotions that shop owners and technicians should know about. manufacturers' newly introduced tools, equipment, parts and services that help shop owners run their business more profitably and allow technicians to diagnose and fix vehicles quicker and more accurately.
__label__non_math	0.9983	cgs motorsports explorer we re already seen highlights from the likes of hyundai and chevrolet and now ford is giving us a taste of what it will have on offer, namely, the all-new ford explorer. there are three different design goals for the explorers at sema--luxurious, adventurous and urban--each catering towards different types of buyers. an explorer customized by funkmaster flex and team baurtwell shows off the urban appeal of the new suv, and comes standard with three-piece inch forged billet wheels, baer brakes, katzkin two-tone leather seats and a sony xplod stereo system. another explorer concept, designed by galpin auto sports gas , goes for the luxury angle with inch wheels, leather and suede trim and a pop-up ipad. finally, there s the adventurous model by cgs performance. this model only gets inch wheels but comes with a cat-back exhaust and plenty of built-in video screens. the explorers will take to the ford stand along with customized versions of the ford taurus sho, edge and fusion sport, as well as the all-new lincoln mkx. this year s sema kicks off on november . in the meantime, hit the following page to get a more detailed description of the other project vehicles ford will be showcasing at the las vegas event.
__label__non_math	0.8901	and coming soon from hlins is the first aftermarket smart suspension for a sportbike that isn t factory-equipped with ec suspension, the kawasaki zx-10r. details, pricing and availability are vague at this juncture, but hlins says to expect the ttx36 mk ii ec shock absorber for the zx sometime in the second quarter of . rear dampers for other sportbikes are sure to follow. since the late 80s hlins has been developing electronic suspension with its continuously controlled electronic suspension cces system for automotive racing. the swedish company also developed ducati s electronic suspension des system found on the multistrada . the choice among factory motogp teams, hlins is offering its unparalleled expertise in active suspension components to bmw gs owners for a relatively affordable msrp of ,279, less than replacement stock components. hlins bm 670 ttx-ec shocks and ecus replace the standard bmw equipment. a separate ecu is required because the ttx-ec dampers feature individual compression and rebound damping adjustments via two valves and two damping pistons per shock, whereas the stock bmw shocks combine the adjustments using a single valve and piston in its components. hlins utilizes bmw s stock handlebar-mounted interface and the bike s ecu to operate its suspension components. this integration is clean and efficient, but because suspension settings are pre-programmed within bmw s ecu for combined compression rebound settings, the hlins ecus must interpret the data and relay a modified message to its ttx-ec shocks with individual compression rebound damping information. this isn t the only technical advantage of the hlins suspension, but it s the most significant. bmw s esa ii offers a choice of three different suspension damping modes; comf, norm and sport, and three different preload selections; single rider, single rider with luggage and two-up with luggage. selecting these pre-programmed settings changes compression and rebound damping as well as spring preload for front and rear shocks. with the stock components, only input from the rider choosing one of the pre-programmed settings will initiate a change in suspension. conversely, hlins built into its ecu a smart ec function that adapts the suspension to the current riding speed. when left in comf mode the ttx shocks automatically select norm when speeds reach mph, and the sport mode is automatically selected when speeds reach mph. as speed decreases the smart ec automatically reverts to the previous settings. this function only operates when in the comf mode and does not automatically increase to the sport setting when the norm mode is initially selected. this safety mechanism exists because hlins doesn t want gs riders crashing due to an ec suspension that wasn t up to the task of handling higher speeds when left in the comf setting. another difference between the stock and aftermarket components on the beemer is the adjustment of spring preload. with the stock components, both the front and rear spring preload are electronically manipulated as suspension modes are selected. on the hlins components only the rear spring preload is electronically adjusted. while the front s lack of e-control is an inconvenience, hlins notes that front preload rarely requires adjusting after it s initially dialed in, as loads on the front suspension don t alter as much as the various loads placed on the rear from luggage or passengers. the omission of electronic components reduces both the weight and cost of the hlins front shock. we had the opportunity to ride a stock bmw gs back-to-back with an hlins-equipped model in the canyons above malibu and it was admittedly hard to feel a difference between the two bikes on the street. this isn t a knock to hlins, but a compliment to bmw s stock components. riding a gs with the hlins units on rough, off-road terrain is where the swedish shocks will outshine the factory equipment. so it may not be necessary to run out and spend the money to replace your stock suspension with hlins components, but when the time comes to replace or upgrade your shocks, the vs should behoove you to consider the swedish suspension for your german bike. the hlins mechatronic ec shock the first smart suspension component available for a traditionally suspended motorcycle, in this case the kawasaki zx-10r. the ttx36 mk ii ec shock is so smart, in fact, it may come to market as an autonomous component. according to hlins, like the shocks for the bmw gs, the ttx36 shock comes with its ec actuators attached to the shock s own ecu. unlike the beemer that has pre-programmed suspension settings in the bike s ecu, an instrument cluster to display suspension choices and comes equipped with a handlebar-mounted selector mechanism the kawi isn t equipped to adjust or display smart suspension settings. hlins must either develop a component seen in the below illustration to address these issues or make the suspension work autonomously with the only input given via a laptop connection when the bike is at rest. the hlins press release regarding the ec suspension for the ninja suggests the latter. it the ttx36 mk ii ec shock uses signals from the bike s original system to determine the intentions of the rider and the way the bike is driven. the suspension continuously changes the damping setting dependent on the riding style thanks to the ecu software developed by hlins r d. as such this shock absorber has a smart ec function that continuously adapts to the way the bike is ridden. all adjustments are done while riding and the hlins system also detects if the rider chooses the power mode button on the bike and automatically changes the suspension to sportier settings. for the moment, this is the most detailed information hlins is providing regarding the smart ninja shock. we ll bring you more about pricing and availability when we receive the information. also expect a full review of the hlins ec shock for the ninja as soon as we get a bike and shock with which to test its benefits. like traction control before it, ec suspension is a part of the electronics revolution currently infiltrating performance motorcycles. the aftermarket hlins components for the zx-10r and r1200gs are only the tip of the iceberg. like traction control before it, expect this technology to become more ubiquitous and less expensive. hlins introduces electronically adjustable suspension system replacement for bmw r1200gs esa bmw introduces dynamic damping control suspension system bmw r1200gs and gs adventure review ducati multistrada vs. bmw r1200gs
__label__non_math	0.9926	dynojet yamaha r1 power commander v - race track proven technology - no wiring modifications required for installation, o.e.m. style connectors are included and no permanent changes are made to the stock system - includes detailed step by step installation guide with photos - reduced size from pciii usb - usb powered from computer volt adapter is no longer needed for programming - unit has a -100 fuel change range up from -100 equaling more adjustment range for injector sportbikes - throttle position columns up from on pciii usb - one year manufacturers warranty warranty period begins at date of retail purchase - power commander v module - usb cable - o2 eliminator - cd-rom power commander v software requires windows xp vista operating systems - installation guide - alcohol prep pad - velcro - power commander decals - dynojet decals - dimensions: - l x - w x h our two cents dynojets down-loadable map database is constantly being updated. they recommend downloading maps from their website, rather than using the cd-rom that is included with the power commander v to ensure you are getting the most recent map available. the dynojet website gives you the option to choose maps based on brand of exhaust, stock or aftermarket air filter, etc downloading the map that best matches your motorcycles setup is the key factor for the power commander v to function at it s full capacity. the dynojet website is loaded with information, it s the best resource if you are considering the power commander v. if you have any questions regarding power commander v, downloads, or need troubleshooting assistance please contact dynojet technical support at: -800-992-.
__label__non_math	1.0000	125cc, 15bhp, 72mph, insurance group although only a 125, there s plenty of big bike feel with the honda xl125 varadero. the proportions are right, the motor feels spunky and as it s a honda you know it s not going to fall apart beneath you. as a first bike or commuter the honda xl125 varadero represents a clever investment with its low insurance group and parsimonious fuel ... - mcn rating - owners' rating
__label__non_math	0.6173	the volvo xc90 is currently available with massive savings. the xc90 d5 es geartronic is available at ,995 on the road which is a saving of . standard features include rear park assist, high performance audio system, " neptune alloy wheels and front and rear skid plate, years servicing is offered for only 300. the volvo xc90 has always been a sale success for volvo due to its seven seat interior, class leading safety and strong residual values. the new d5 engine boasts a co2 figure of 219g km and now in automatic geartronic form, it puts out just 224g km. this means that the volvo xc90 is the only premium standard -seat suv available which achieves a sub 225g km figure in both manual and automatic transmissions. there are five different trim levels offered and all models are fitted with all wheel drive and seven seats as standard. by geraldine ashton green wed, sep
__label__non_math	0.9991	the last round of the motogp world championship has had a slow start for the riders and fans at valencia's ricardo tormo circuit. it was the first chance for the riders to test the new asphalt here, but unfortunately the variable weather has affected the first day of free practice of the gp of la comunidad valenciana. with rain in the morning session, the repsol honda riders only managed a handful of laps - dani pedrosa was second fastest with a top time of '.490 and completed laps. teammate casey stoner, still wary of his ankle injury, completed just laps with a fastest lap time of '.527 and finished 10th. dani pedrosa we didn't have so much time on track today. we had our first experience on the new asphalt in the wet and it seems like there are still some bumps, the worst point is turn , but we must wait for dry conditions to be able to judge the grip level of the new surface properly. today it was important to go out in the morning because the weather conditions are not clear and it's possible that we may have rain on sunday. in the afternoon we decided not to go out, so let's hope we have at least one dry session tomorrow to better understand the changes in the circuit and work on the best setup for the race. casey stoner "i went out this morning to get a feeling on the wet track but i'm still not willing to risk anything, especially in a wet practice session. then this afternoon there was no point in going out, it was half wet half dry the whole session and not a lot to learn. it's a little bit disappointing but hopefully we can get some better weather tomorrow and see what the new surface is like in the dry. repsol honda team
__label__non_math	0.9999	contact information and links about g15 f-body gathering-atlanta ga g15 at a quick glance.. held at the atlanta marriott north west hotel. the hotel offers sprawling space for everything we do and allows you to come an join and and not be forced to travel to alternate locations to join in the fun the gathering was designed for the f-body enthusiast to join with friends in a relaxed atmosphere and have nothing but days of chill time so leave the day-to-day drudgery behind and join us. everything here is optional in terms of your level of participation. you decide. the event dates are may . vehicle registration is at show hotel registration is: per night. how do i join?: . register for the event online. . contact the hotel and secure your room for the weekend. . call your friends and tell em' to get ready for a road trip. . get yourself the most comfortable, awesome lawn chair you can find. fill your ride with gas and get ready for the most laid back event you've ever been too. check out this video: go to this website for further information: see you there 400 plus expected date and time times are shown in us eastern time. location and mapatlanta marriott north west hotel 200 interstate north parkway atlanta, georgia
__label__non_math	0.9995	cars scarsgo s garage about scarsgo s garage about me and my passion for cars i've been a car nut almost since birth. i grew up in northern iowa which in most cases makes you a ford or chevy or mopar guy but i never really got into them too much. i've always had a weird attraction to german cars... and even better if it is a somewhat rare or interesting model. i blame my somewhat obscure taste in cars on my parents. they were not really into exotic cars per se but they did tend to go for the somewhat unusual cars. the first oddball they had was a lincoln mark vii bill blass with the bmw turbo diesel engine. they bought the car in early 'and i remember the car getting lots of compliments at gas stations etc. i also remember it not starting during cold northern iowa winters... that ultimately led to its demise in when it was traded for a lincoln continental which i hated with an absolute passion. blech in early my father got the merkur xr4ti that i would later 'inherit' as my first car. i remember wanting a pontiac fiero instead of the merkur at the time but thankfully my parents ingored my advice at that time... heck, the fiero would have probably burnt to the ground by now anyhow right? ;- in when i was still in high school my dad bought a audi cs quattro as an all weather driver. much to our surprise, the simple little car was a lot of fun to drive and proved to be very reliable. to top things off, it could assault a mountain of snow and just laugh... great little car that opened the door to lots of future german machinery. in july of a audi s4 quattro joined the family stable and it was the begining of the end. it was literally a four door hot rod super sedan and they the parents have been hooked on them ever since.... heck, i was hooked too and it led me to create s-cars.org which is an enthusiast organization catering to audi's high performance s and rs models. i'm also the former webmaster for audi club north america aka quattro club usa and have been involved in a number of automotive sites online including total audi performance, anderson motorsport, european rally school, total subaru performance, total focus performance, german auto works, singing camel land rovers, the new york to paris race, and more. while it is true that i really 'get into' german cars i really like all sorts of cars. it really is an illness isn't it? ;- i'm currently a service manager for german auto works in st. louis park, minnesota. my first car merkur xr4ti i got in high school back in . i still own it. car i wish i still had several actually... my porsche 928 s4, porsche 944 turbo, or my audi coupe quattro 20v my dream car porsche 928 gts manual ferrari f40 car clubs i m in audi club north america porsche club of america - type of racing: alms, imsa gto, group b rally, wrc - driver: han stuck hurley haywood - driving song: in the air tonight - phil collins - car movie: le mans - car book: the gold plated porsche - car magazine: hemmings sports exotic - car game: forza motorsport, gt legends, gtr profile last updated: scarsgo s groups of i want to be apart of an audi group here and so far there are none, so i am creating one. simple as that. washington, united states porsche enthusiasts of... enthusiast porsche, the worlds premier sportscar. from humble beginnings to todays top rated sports cars. porsche loyalists are a very unique group. we love everything about the marque. from street driving, road racing, rallys, fun runs. you name it, porsche people get together for lots of reasons, but we... nebraska, united states to lovers of porsches new york, united states scarsgo is not a member of any club groups shamrock racing business vehicles of coolbox what s this? of photo albums and videos of scarsgo s car garage blog of once again the weather was great and a number of very nice cars turned out for the show. hope you enjoy the photos filed under: merkur xr4ti the x-wing ok, so the porsche 928 s4 is for sale... although it wouldn't be for sale if it didn't have an automatic. i'm weird, but i'd rather push a five or six speed car than drive an... special offers deals cars scarsgo s garage
__label__non_math	0.9994	, is out of date and not supported by it may not display all features of our site properly and could have potential security flaws. please update your browser to the most upated version. infiniti g37 packages and options infiniti g37 base convertible options packages select a vehicle crash test ratings find it used free price quote locate a local dealer free credit scores we are continually working on improving the site for you. we welcome your thoughts, suggestions and any feedback you may have. how helpful was our site? found everything i needed character limit thank you for your feedback get a free price quote find a local dealer low rate financing free insurance quote infiniti g37 base convertible get a dealer direct price quote get free up-front car pricing from a local dealer and a no-hassle experience. performance line convertible performance line coupe infiniti g37 base convertible packages technology package - ,250 adaptive cruise control; brake assist with preview; rain sensor; advanced climate control system with plasmacluster technology; collision warning systemfeatures: seat belt activation; requires: p01 premium package; and u01 navigation package; and x01 interior accent package and r01 sport package; or w01 performance tire and wheel package premium package - ,400 electric glass sunroof; memorized adjustment: includes two driver settings, door mirror position and steering wheel position; tilt telescoping steering wheel; str wheel outside mirror sync w seat; rear cam radar parking distance sensors; bose audio system; ten bose speakers; mp3 player; internal hd : .gb storage; driver front seat memorized height and memorized tilt sport package - ,800 front and rear alloy wheels: " x ."; transmission: and paddle shifters; driver sports front seat with -way power manual thigh support, front passenger seat sports front seat manual thigh support; unique sport headlights; sports pedals; front 225 - and summer tires, rear 245 - and summer tires; sport brakes with larger rotors; rear mechanical limited-slip differential; sport suspension; sport-tuned steering gear; requires: p01 premium package and u01 navigation package; excludes: w01 performance tire and wheel package navigation package - ,850 internal hd navigation system with 3d and voice; xm nav trafffic and navweather; zagat survey; mp3 player; internal hd : .gb storage; voice activating system for radio and navigation system; bluetooth includes music streaming; audio system with cd player digital media card; dvd vcd; entertainment display screen located in front includes dvd; .in. multi-function display screen; requires: p01 premium package performance tire and wheel package - front alloy wheels: " x .", rear alloy wheels: " x ."; front 225 - and summer tires, rear 245 - and summer tires; requires: p01 premium package and u01 navigation package; excludes: r01 sport package bright finish accessory wheel pio - ,900 bright finish accessory wheel; requires: r01 sport package interior accent package - wood woodgrain on dashboard; high-gloss maple interior accents; not available with stone interior; requires: p01 premium package infiniti g37 base convertible options rear wind deflector pio - wind deflector behind seats splash guards pio - front and rear mud flaps midnight black grille pio - black grille; enhances sport, aggressive appearance illuminated kick plates pio - illuminated kick plates first aid kit pio - trunk mat; load restraint: net; first aid kit more from aol autos check out car news, articles and stories on aol autos autoblog the list check out photo galleries on aol autos check insurance rates save money on your car insurance see how much you can save auto loan quote want to save money on your next auto purchase? start by receiving a no-hassle quote for auto financing. explore your financing options wide open throttle refreshing or revolting: mercedes-benz s-class sedan storm the colorado rockies in a audi s8 on epic drives totd: is there room in cadillac s lineup for a third suv? our cars: mini cooper s coupe goes on vacation to protect and impress: bugatti veyron joining dubai police fleet read more wot give a gift mt classic subscription user submitted content advertise with us , source interlink media . hawwbiis29 your browser does not support iframes your browser does not support iframes
__label__non_math	0.9999	samson is the leading manufacturer of harley mufflers, offering a vast selection of styles that offer performance and the perfect look. from straight-through wide open performance to mufflers that reduce db levels without any loss in performance to meet any demand, samson has something for everyone. patented muffler design creates negative pressure that scavenges exhaust gases for increased horsepower, torque and fuel mileage. awesome deep tone is pulled off by separating and controlling low-pressure power robbing atmospheric pressure. - produces up to more horsepower and torque. - improves gas mileage. - installer friendly. - awesome deep tone. - exclusive show quality quad chrome finish. - heavy duty construction to prevent discoloration. - improved airflow. - notes: this samson exhaust system is not intended for use on any noise or pollution controlled vehicle except those used exclusively in organized and sanctioned racing events or when the installation of the same would be in violation of state or federal laws or regulations governing noise or air pollution requirements.
__label__non_math	0.9826	month days ago i've been using mine on my snowbike for several months in extreme conditions with no issues. it has nice features; bike temp, ambient temp that can be mapped on an elevation graph over your entire ride, gps speed and odometer which is nice because you can't use your stock speedo when you put the mountain horse kit on, rpm, direction etc.. also stores max and average readings; temp, rpm, speed etc. installation takes a little mechanical knowledge, not to tough though.plugs into the stock computer power on my ktm but might be a pain to deal with batteries and charging if you don't hook it to a pwr supply, not a ktm issue. maps are a little disappointing, i haven't found many available for the areas i like to ride on the website they recommend using to download the gpx files. the ride leader software included used to edit the maps is good but google earth sometimes fails to load, easy fix though, just toggle back to google maps and then reload google earth. once you log your tracks you can edit your route and make your own maps, or you can just build maps from scratch. video link is a ride, not a review.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the one stop dirt bike part shop here you will find the internet s most comprehensive catalog of products for your dirt bike. the amateur and pro racer, the weekend warrior and new riders shop motosport for the best products and the best prices. no one beats us for hard-to-find parts, aftermarket or oem. we have so many products if you started with a frame you could build yourself a complete customized dirt bike from our store. we make it easy to shop by make, model and year for specific parts and gear. when you need dirt bike parts and accessories, we understand you don t want to spend a fortune or wait for a delayed delivery. when you put your trust in motosport.com, you'll get the parts and accessories you need at fantastic pricing and without the wait. we carry parts for the latest makes and models as well as those early rides still going strong. our oem parts arrive factory direct and we provide schematics to ensure you get the right part quick and easy. select your ride and our website automatically filters inventory to the items that fit your machine. no more worrying about finding the right part - online shopping couldn't be easier. get your dirt bike parts and accessories from the guys that ride in addition to our massive selection of hard parts, clothing, accessories and protective gear you'll find the lowest prices on everything we stock - guaranteed when you shop our inventory for dirt bike parts and accessories, you'll find we stock everything you need to make your riding experience safer and more enjoyable. our categories of products include: - dirt bike parts find everything from bars and controls to tires and wheels to keep your bike running in tiptop condition. - oem parts honda, kawasaki, ktm, suzuki, yamaha. need we say more? - dirt bike tires - getting the right tires for your bike at prices that equal savings matters. at motosport.com, we deliver tire combos, front tires, rear tires, inner tubes and even tire tools right to your door. - tools and maintenance we provide everything needed to keep your dirt bike running smoothly. - riding gear - motosport.com has everything you need to cover yourself from head to toe. - helmets and accessories - protecting your head has never been easier or more affordable. our inventory includes helmets, replacement parts, accessories and even helmet cameras. - protection - if you want to find all the protection gear you need, you don't have to look any further. just browse our inventory to find the greatest selection and the best prices available. - casual apparal - our casual gear line includes a wide selection of items for men, women and children. we offer everything from pants and shirts to shoes and more. - gifts - at motosport.com, we also offer an incredible selection of gift items for avid riders. - brands if your allegiance is to a specific brand, we make it easy to find your favorite company. when you need dirt bike parts and accessories, motosport.com is here to assist. just order any of our products online and we'll ship right to your door. want help? call our toll free line 866-677- or chat with an expert. remember, we offer free -day shipping within the continental united states on any order over .
__label__non_math	0.8971	site update : all weather maps have been improved to make them much more useful for climbers. animate either temperature or weather and move your cursor to any mountain location to see how the weather is forecast to evolve at various elevations. because of the limited space on these large region maps, we can only show this at a subset of locations. we will add much more detailed maps very soon. photos from mountains close to aguille d' epaisseur or aiguille de l' paisseur dent du g ant
__label__non_math	0.9988	img guide peter anderson called in to report that all is well at camp . the team carried in some windy conditions today 30mph and will make the move to c tomorrow. all continues to go well for the team. the forecast calls for some windy days normal for aconcagua and a few snow showers mid week. temps have been, and will remain, in the high teens and low s fahrenheit on the middle mountain.
__label__non_math	0.9892	home of some of the earliest routes established at looking glass, the nose area is a popular destination because of its namesake route. in addition to the nose, there are a number of great moderates here, any of which will give you lots of climbing mileage and great exposure. from the road fork, continue up the gravel road for about two miles, passing the slickrock falls trailhead, and park in a small lot with a kiosk; this is the sun wall trailhead. hike up the trail about a half-mile to end at the base of sundial crack. the nose is a short distance to the left on the cliffline trail. browse more classics in nose area mountain project's determination of some of the classic, most popular, highest rated routes for nose area: sundial crack .- trad, pitches, 430 feet, grade iii the nose .trad, pitches, 400 feet, grade iii peregrine .trad, pitches, 450 feet sensemilia sunset . r trad, pitches, 465 feet hyperbola .10a r trad, pitches, 550 feet dum dee dum dum .10c pg13 trad, pitches, 230 feet featured route for nose area hyperbola direct start .11a nc : looking glass rock : nose area the direct start is a good variation to the original if you don't feel like .r slab climbing. step up on the ledge next to the tree. pull onto the face up to the first bolt on pretty good holds. you can sling the tree, a flake, or get a bomber yellow c3 in before the first bolt. pull onto a creaky flake feels bad but it will hold make some hard moves to clip the 2nb bolt and get to the sloper rail. delicate climbing up to a little horn which feels like a jug at this point get a goo... more browse more classics in nc
__label__non_math	0.8650	jim bodenhamer escaping the spring deluge of yosem... this is a good route in the middle of the monolith's east face. it has starts. you can go from down below and make it 11a or you can start above skipping the first bolts. if you don't go down into the subterranean bit, it goes at 10a or so. follow an appealing face with neat, embedded rocks protruding from the matrix. pass or bolts. there is a runout bit near the top above the last bolt. this is in the middle of the east face of the monolith. it is just right of post orgasmic depression. -bolts, depending on the start. bolt anchor. very fun to start from the pit. only one hard move. from: abq, nm starts by stepping to the right off of the main platform that most of the routes start off of. this route is the second to the right of pod and immediately right of hawaiian noises. i did the pit start years ago and don't remember it but it does appear to have leper hangers. a nice easy way to do the bottom section is to clip the first two bolts and then lower into the pit and top rope the bottom section and then lead the rest. a good option for the belayer in winter months.
__label__non_math	0.9999	selkirk homes - 3br townhome hot tub just imagine standing on the deck of a luxury town home in award winning kicking horse mountain resort and enjoying the magnificent views over the canadian rockies. established in , the selkirk resort homes are kicking horse mountain resort's newest and most luxurious townhouses. conveniently located adjacent to gondola plaza, the selkirk townhomes feature a highly desirable location with stunning slopeside views and quick access to the ski slopes. each unit features uncompromised quality including deluxe kitchens, stone accented fireplaces, stylish post and beam timbers, slate floors, granite countertops, privte hot tubs, private garages, elegant furnishings that bring the outdoors inside, and much more. four floor plans a, b, c and d offer spacious and luxuriously appointed living spaces ranging from sq ft to sq ft with three bedrooms and flexible sleeping arrangements. select units with high speed internet available. photos are representative of the property and may differ from the actual unit that is reserved.
__label__non_math	1.0000	my name is richard. hi ya richard. i see you post a lot on weather forums. when you're chewing on life's gristle don't grumble, give a whistle and this'll help things turn out for the best. and always look on the bright side of life.
__label__non_math	0.9999	myfeed lets you follow the people you like on mousewait - just click on a username and click follow and that's it , i have a trip planed for , want to tag along? look at those great smiles i am rak one off in the dl hub. you can go there and enter by looking up goofyjoe. that's a great attraction. my wife and my first date was opening night of fantasmic in dl. may of . been togher ever since. if your on at t and have a iphone please down the at t mark the spot app. use the app to mark every spot where you lose signal or slow data. this is the only way to get network improvements done quickly.
__label__non_math	0.9993	can i swim and shower while wearing my watch? how should i care for my watch strap? my automatic watch lost its power, do i need to wind it? is my sapphire crystal scratch-proof or scratch resistant? will pulling out my stem crown extend the life of the battery? how does dust affect my watch? how long will my battery last? do i need to send in my watch for periodic maintenance? do i need to wind my quartz battery watch? most watches are water-resistant. no watch is truly waterproof. a water-resistant watch has gaskets that help seal the case against average water pressure at a stated pressure or depth. a watch that is water-resistant to 3atm, for example, is built to withstand the average pressure occurring at feet or meters below the ocean's surface. however, unless the watch is labeled as a diver's watch, we do not recommend swimming with it. watch seals are generally designed to withstand only casual contact with water, such as splashes of water and rain. we also do not recommend you shower, enter steam rooms, or bathe while wearing your watch. many agents, including steam, soap, mildew, salt water, perfume and chlorine can get into the watch, and if not cleaned immediately, the gaskets and seals can break down over time, allowing dust or moisture to penetrate the case and potentially damage the moving components of your watch. finally, the crown, special functions and push buttons of your watch or chronograph should not be operated underwater. while the life span of a watch strap depends on your care and wearing habits, as well as the climate in which you live, proper care will extend its life. leather straps should be kept dry. exposure to water may cause a leather watch strap to become brittle and eventually break. to preserve the finish of the leather, contact with perfumes should be avoided. following exposure to chlorinated or salt water, gently damp wipe your leather strap with fresh water, and air dry. to help preserve the natural elasticity and quality of a series 800 thermoresin or xtremeresin strap, rinse it using a soft cloth soaked in fresh water following exposure to salt water, chemicals or abrasive substances. use warm water and a neutral ph soap applied to a soft cloth to gently clean a white series 800 thermoresilient strap or a movado master white rubber strap; then wipe with a second clean cloth dipped in warm water, or rinse carefully under warm running water. contact with acetone and ethyl alcohol should be avoided. a natural gum rubber or rubber cement pick-up found in art supply stores may be used to remove most surface stains from a movado bold coated white leather strap or white tr90 silicone bracelet. simply rub the natural gum gently across the soiled area until the strap bracelet is clean. for stains that have penetrated the surface of a white movado bold strap or bracelet, organic solvents like zymol liquid leather cleaner or columbus gel super cleaner, a de-inking roller ethyl alcohol and propylene ink remover or an ethyl alcohol-based solution such as purell hand sanitizer ethyl alcohol may be used. wipe soiled area with a soft wet cloth. then dampen a cotton ball or soft clean white cloth with the cleansing solution, and rub soiled area gently. repeat to times until stain disappears. please test for color fastness on inside surface before applying any solution. for best results, treat all stains soil promptly. mechanical watches with automatic movements have a spring that is wound by the normal, daily motion of the wearer's arm. the arm movement causes a rotor inside the watch to transmit motion energy to the barrel, thus winding the mainspring. an important feature of every automatic winding watch is 'power reserve'. if the watch loses its power reserve because it has been idle for an extended period of time, you can wind it up manually approximately turns of the crown to create an initial power reserve. to retain the power reserve, as stated above, the watch must be worn continuously and actively. if you plan on wearing your watch daily, you may want to manually wind it once every two weeks to keep the wheels in motion and the oil from drying out. if you do not plan on wearing it daily, we advise you wind the watch about three times a week to ensure continuous operation. finally, if you do not wear your automatic watch daily, you may want to use a winding box. this box mimics the natural motion of your arm to keep your automatic watch operating. in contrast, a "manual" mechanical watch does require the watch's mainspring to be hand-wound by turning the crown, and must be wound each time it loses that power. a watch crystal may be scratch-resistant, however no crystal is truly scratch-proof. therefore, please follow these steps when handling your watch: wrap your watch in a soft cloth prior to placing it on any hard surface. when possible, store your watch in the original box case. avoid dropping the watch in a drawer or jewelry box, to prevent it from being scratched by coming in contact with other pieces of jewelry. avoid wearing your watch during high-risk activities, when lifting or moving heavy objects, or while engaging in sports activities. avoid wearing your watch on the same wrist as another piece of jewelry. they could rub against and scratch each other. in addition to exposing the movement to dust and moisture which can cause your movement to malfunction, pulling out the stem will not save battery life. pulling the stem out simply disengages the hands from the movement; the movement continues to run and the battery's power is still being depleted. even a small particle of dust is enough to stop the watch. dust can enter a watch if the case, crystal or crown is not intact. a loose, chipped or cracked crystal should be replaced immediately to prevent this from occurring. if you do not wear your watch for a long period, store it in its original box, in a dry place. the battery in your quartz watch is a .volt, silver-oxide battery. these batteries are specially designed for watches and last approximately - years, depending on the brand and type of watch, as well as the type of movement used in the watch. even for simple battery changes, we recommend you take your watch to an authorized service center to ensure your watch is handled appropriately, and that water resistance is reestablished after battery replacement. the warranty on all of our watches states that we will not accept watches for repair under warranty if someone other than a movado group inc. mgi authorized service center opens the watch. the warranty will be considered void and of no effect if the watch is opened by such person or business. therefore, we encourage consumers to send watches, which are under warranty, to our authorized service centers. please note: an authorized retailer is not necessarily an authorized service center. if a watch is no longer under warranty, anyone who has proper technical training and equipment including water-resistant testers may perform repairs on our products. however, the ultimate responsibility is with the service provider. mgi is not responsible for the work of any such service providers and may not be able to repair any damage caused by such service provider. see what steps are taken to replace a battery for more detail. to ensure your watch remains water resistant, we recommend inspection and maintenance of the case seals and gaskets every to years. this maintenance will help seal and protect the watch movement against air, dust, and moisture, which over time, can penetrate the watch case seal, and prevent the watch movement from functioning properly. all watch movements will require periodic maintenance. we recommend that a mechanical movement be inspected for possible servicing every to years and quartz movements at each battery change. for specific details about your watch and recommended service, please refer to your warranty booklet. no, the movement of your quartz watch is powered by a battery. if your watch is losing time, the battery may need to be replaced or the movement itself may need service.
__label__non_math	1.0000	you can order additional parts for your watch by contacting customer service. we accept visa, mastercard and american express. with the exception of straps, bracelets and links, only authorized service centers are permitted to purchase movado brand watch parts. yes, depending on the watch style, you can order a different size strap. please contact customer service for price and availability. we accept visa, mastercard and american express. yes, if you need additional links for your watch, please contact customer service for price and availability. we accept visa, mastercard and american express. we are unable to verify or determine authenticity by a serial number, style number or model number. if your watch was not purchased from an authorized retailer, we cannot verify authenticity without physical examination of your timepiece in most cases. when you purchase one of our watches, it should be accompanied by an embossed warranty card that contains the authorized retailer's name. please note: a watch purchased from an unauthorized retailer is not covered by our manufacturer's limited warranty. if you would like mgi to examine your watch for authenticity, please download, complete and send a repair and service request form along with your watch to mgi for review.
__label__non_math	0.9999	year limited warranty movado will, within two years from date of purchase, repair or replace at movado s option , the movement of your movado watch free of charge if such movement proves to be defective in material or workmanship under normal use. the finish on movado galvanic gold-plated, ion-plated and pvd-finished watches will be warranted for a period of five years against flaking and peeling only; scratching erosion due to normal wear and tear is not covered. the case and or bracelet will be refinished or replaced at movado s option should such finish prove to be defective in material or workmanship. this warranty does not cover batteries, straps, bracelets, cases or crystals, nor does it cover damage arising from normal wear, scratches, accidents or misuse, or from any alteration, service or repair performed by any party other than movado watch company or one of its authorized service centers. this warranty is void if the timepiece was not purchased from an authorized movado dealer, as evidenced by a valid warranty card or proof of purchase. to be valid for watches purchased from any authorized dealer in north america , the warranty card must be embossed with the name of the authorized movado dealer, as well as dated and signed by that dealer. to be valid for watches purchased from any authorized dealer outside north america , the warranty card must be duly completed, dated and stamped by the authorized movado jeweler. this warranty gives you, the consumer, specific legal rights. you may also have additional legal rights under applicable law which may vary from state to state and country to country, and which are not affected by the terms of this warranty. please address any movado warranty claim to a movado authorized service center. for the most current and complete listing, visit year limited warranty esq movado will, within two years from date of purchase, repair or replace, at esq movado s option, the movement of your timepiece free of charge if such movement proves to be defective in material or workmanship under normal use. this warranty does not cover damage or defects arising from accidents, misuse or neglect, or from any alterations, service or repair performed by any party other than esq movado or an authorized esq movado service center. this warranty does not cover batteries, straps, bracelets, crystals, or cases; and is void if the timepiece was not purchased from an authorized esq movado dealer. any other warranty provided by the retailer, is entirely their responsibility. no person or company is authorized to change the terms of this warranty. this warranty gives the consumer specific legal rights. he she may also have other statutory rights which may vary from state to state, and country to country. common warranty service questions can my local jeweler service my watch? the warranty on all of our watches states that we will not accept watches for repair under warranty if someone other than a movado group inc. mgi authorized service center opens the watch. the warranty will be considered void and of no effect if the watch is opened by such person or business. therefore, we encourage consumers to send watches that are under warranty to one of our authorized service centers. please note: an authorized retailer is not necessarily an authorized service center. if a watch is no longer under warranty, anyone who has proper technical training and equipment including water-resistant testers may perform repairs on our products. however, the ultimate responsibility is with the service provider. mgi is not responsible for the work of any outside service providers and may not be able to repair any potential damage caused by such service providers. do i need to register my warranty card with you? we encourage you to register your watch with us. to register your watch on the mgi repairs portal, you need to first create an account on the portal. to do this, please visit select the appropriate brand, and click on create my account. please refer to the user guides for further assistance. we recommend you keep both your warranty card and sales receipt in a safe place after purchase. to provide service under the warranty protection guidelines, we require documentation in the form of a valid warranty card from an authorized retailer or proof of purchase in the form of a sales receipt from an authorized retailer. please note, 'valid warranty cards' must have the authorized retailer's name embossed on the front, must be signed by the retailer, and must have the date of purchase indicated. what is the warranty period for my watch? movado and esq movado watches come with a year limited warranty. do i get an additional warranty after you repair my watch? if movado group inc. mgi performs any service on your watch other than providing an estimate we warranty the work for one year.
__label__non_math	0.9821	i would like to welcome you to my website and briefly introduce myself and moveorganic . my name is lidia mezei and i have years experience in professional sports as a trainer in physical preparation and designing exercises. during this time, i have serviced the needs of athletes in football, judo and tennis, while also creating exercising programs for amateurs. what all this means is that moveorganic offers an innovative approach that combines all the skills, years of experience and oodles of my passion into a whole new concept. having worked with many professional and recreational athletes, i have seen how the following behavioral patterns, reinforced by our culture s competitive systems, stand in the way of their personal joy and fulfillment. most athletes and working people today exhibit the following: we re just starting to find out what happens to genes when enviroment changes, how our emotions affect our health and how we can stimulate the body s internal pharmacy to write perscriptions for healing. the results challenge medical ortodoxy. as the questions become bolder, the answers will become more surprising, and full of good news about the way we can use our consciousness to improve our happiness and health. dawson church, phd in his book the genie in your genes extraordinary performances and successes in sport, as in all of life, are created by passionate, moment-by-moment involvement. our victories are natural by-products of this approach. extraordinary performances come out of the process of continuous, regular physical and mental practice. this is why i have created moveorganic and its unique approach. the moveorganic approach has been designed to deliver the highest level of creative training for individuals using a motivating, yet comfortable environment. it s a blend of traditional and modern, containing the wisdom that comes naturally to each of us as individuals. in a carefully organized environment, we can apply the knowledge from the latest discoveries of epigenetics, the biology of behavior, nlp neuro linguistic programming and energy medicine with meditation, visualization, breathing exercises, and much more. the moveorganic approach is so efficient because all of the underlying principles are based on the laws of nature. ultimately, this approach is based on self-discovery and the development of one s own ability to unlock their natural potential. moveorganic takes you into a new territory, where exercising is no longer externally driven, but internally motivated. everyone should enjoy being a self-respecting athlete at any age or any skill level. the goal is to be able to exercise freely and joyfully for the rest of your life, and for you to enjoy the full range of benefits that this approach offers physically, mentally and spiritually. without further ado, i welcome you to moveorganic . founder of moveorganic
__label__non_math	0.9751	movescount is the sports community where every move counts.make your move, track your progress, share it online. or be private if you wish.use suunto device or get the free app for iphone. we don't know where the limit is, but we know where it's not welcome to the where is the limit? mafia sorry, "" characters are not allowed. hello from brazil hello from valencia spain hello from ukraine, carpathians promote this group on your site. just click the button
__label__non_math	0.9979	bel ami dvd in stock - should be despatched within hours. despatched from the uk. delivery timesusually -days to reach uk addresses. europe takes around days longer and international destinations take -weeks free to uk addresses. costs to other countriesuk: free western europe: . rest of the world: . if you are unhappy with your purchase, you can return it to us within days. more details directed by declan donnellan produced in main language - english robert pattinson and uma thurman star in this sumptuous paris-set period drama based on the novella by guy de maupassant which sees a young man seducing his way up the social ladder. georges duroy pattinson is a suave young journalist using his wits and powers of manipulation to make his way in 1890s paris. in order to ascend to high society, duroy seduces a string of influential society beauties including madeleine forestier thurman , virginie walters kristin scott thomas and clotilde de marelle christina ricci . his peasant background has soon become a distant memory as he achieves dizzying success both in his career and in fashionable society. an intensely engaging drama about the temptation and seduction of power, and the incessant obsession with the climbing of the social ladder length: 102 mins cat no: optd2017 format: dvd colour - interviews with declan donnellan, nick ormerod, robert pattinson, uma thurman, kristin scott thomas and christina ricci
__label__non_math	0.9889	when barrie is talking to peter in the park, just after peter says that porthos is just a dog, the arrangement of the toys behind peter changes several times. see more... in the scene where the families are sitting down for a formal dinner, and barrie is entertaining the children, behind the scenes the producers and depp used a fart machine to make the children laugh more. see more... popular blog posts: other great sites finding neverland - with pictures screenshots of mistakes that have been online for less than a year are only visible to members, but the rest are available to everyone. don't forget to check out the picture of the day, updated daily, and the top screenshots too. continuity: as barrie depp and frohman hoffman are sitting in the theatre shortly after barrie seeing all the sets being removed from the theatre, there are a number of guys removing what look like set doors. the first two guys that walk behind barrie make a large distance between seeing them and walking down the hall. a few seconds later two more guys just walk past the back of barrie and in the very next shot they have disappeared.
__label__non_math	1.0000	nate and hayes item : gb47983 view by size: getting , please wait.
__label__non_math	1.0000	cowgirls 'n angels brief interviews with hideous men cirque du freak: the vampire's assistant tyler perry's meet the browns movies.com, the ultimate source for everything movies, is your destination for new movie trailers, reviews, photos, times, tickets more
__label__non_math	1.0000	nicky henson doesn't have any movies playing in theaters. if you feel like heading out, check out other movies in theaters. doctor in clover there's a girl in my soup me without you all nicky henson photos all nicky henson films movies.com, the ultimate source for everything movies, is your destination for new movie trailers, reviews, photos, times, tickets more
__label__non_math	1.0000	- release date: - starring: more cast crew - meter: - director:david lynch - writer:barry gifford, david lynch - studio:polygram filmed entertainment - genre:crime, fantasy, romance, thriller - runtime:hours minutes young lovers sailor and lula run from the variety of weirdos that lula's mom has hired to kill sailor. more do you like wild at heart? more movies like thishana-bi fans of this movie no one is a fan yet. become a fan.
__label__non_math	0.9295	windlass dr is currently off the market. this bedroom, baths house located at windlass dr, manahawkin, nj has approximately square feet. it is was last listed for and had a price per sqft of . properties near windlass dr have a median listing price of and a median price per sqft of . windlass dr is part of the neighborhood located in . this home is part of the stafford township school district school district. the closest school is ocean acres elementary school in manahawkin, nj. please contact one of movoto's top-rated agents to see manahawkin market statistics and to help you get the best deal for windlass dr, manahawkin, nj.
__label__non_math	0.9987	what's new in thunderbird the latest version of thunderbird has the following changes: - fixes an issue that stopped users of windows xp and earlier from running thunderbird in some cases you may also be interested in the list of changes in the previous version. before installing, make sure your computer meets the system requirements. mozilla provides thunderbird for windows, linux, and mac os x in a variety of languages. you can get the latest version of thunderbird here. for builds for other systems and languages not provided by mozilla.org, see the contributed builds section at the end of this document. please note that installing a new version of thunderbird will overwrite your existing installation of thunderbird. for all systems, you won't lose any of your messages or address books, but some of your extensions and other add-ons might not work until they are updated by the author. you can remove thunderbird through the control panel in the start menu on windows, by removing the thunderbird application on os x, or by removing the thunderbird folder on linux. removing thunderbird won't remove your emails or newsgroup messages. this data is stored in your profile folder, which is located in one of the following locations depending on your operating system: any version of thunderbird that you install after removing thunderbird will continue to use the data from this profile folder. extensions and themes extensions installed under previous versions of thunderbird may be incompatible and or require updates to work with thunderbird. please report any issues to the maintainer of the extension. when you install thunderbird all of your extensions and themes will be disabled until thunderbird determines that either a they are compatible with this release or b there are newer versions available that are compatible. this list covers some of the known problems with thunderbird. please read this before reporting any new bugs. - all systems - if you are unable to view content for your rss feeds in the wide view layout, you may need to disable the lightning calendar add-on if you have it installed or switch to classic view and restart thunderbird. bug - poorly designed or incompatible extensions can cause problems with your email client, including make it crash, slow down message display, etc. if you encounter strange problems relating to parts of the email client no longer working, the email client not starting, windows with strange or distorted appearance, degraded performance, etc, you may be suffering from extension or theme trouble. restart the email client in safe mode - select help followed by restart with add-ons disabled. when started in safe mode all extensions are disabled and the default theme is used. disable the extension theme that is causing trouble and then start normally. - if you encounter strange problems relating to email, feeds or newsgroup messages, it is recommended that you try creating a new profile and attempting to reproduce the problem before filing bugs. create a new profile by running thunderbird with the -p command line argument, choose the "manage profiles" button and then choose "create profile...". migrate your settings files emails, feeds, etc over one by one, checking each time to see if the problems resurface. if you do find a particular profile data file is causing a problem, file a bug and attach the file, being sure to remove any private information as necessary. frequently asked questions - what can i do to help? your feedback is essential to the project and makes thunderbird better with every release. give us your feedback on thunderbird at our getsatisfaction site. please read these notes and the bug filing instructions before reporting any bugs to bugzilla. - where can i discuss thunderbird features or issues? if you want to join the conversations about new features or need troubleshooting advice, visit get satisfaction. you can also post questions in the "mozilla.support.thunderbird" newsgroup, available on mozilla's news server, or via the web, using google groups. it is also available as a mailing list. please read the mozilla forum etiquette page before posting. - where can i get extensions and themes add-ons ? - who makes thunderbird? lots of people. see help- about mozilla thunderbird, and click the "global community" for a list of some of the people who have contributed to thunderbird. - where's the thunderbird source code? a tarball of the thunderbird source code is available for download. the latest development code can be obtained by mercurial. for more details on the layout of the source, see the comm-central information page. please follow the build instructions. these are unofficial builds and may be configured differently than the official mozilla builds. they mas also be optimized and or tested for specific platforms. you can browse through the available contributed builds on the ftp site.
__label__non_math	0.9959	whats in the box? the mimo 720f box comes with the touchscreen monitor, single power control usb cable, driver cd, mounting screws, and instruction manual. ever since the usb touchscreen showdown i have received request for a more in-depth look at the mimo 720f usb touchscreen monitor. having had a second go-round with the display, i can confirm basically all of the pluses and minuses from . the 720f is a fantastic option if considering to add an additional monitor your car pc setup... provided you engineer a manner to mount it. easily, the most differentiating item on the 720f is the "flex" mount. where most -inch screens are going to come with a removable bottom mount solution, this version of the 720 system comes with four non-removable mounting arms. mimo suggests that there are thousands of applications in which to use this unique design, and honestly, i can see many methods in which the mount would be preferred around the house or at work. the available suction cup mount means you can practically mount the 720f on any stationary mounting surface. there's also a headrest mount so while prospective purchasers may have a decision to make regarding the 720f's backside, no one will have a problem with the business end. the mimo device is easily the nicest looking usb touchscreen to date. the bezel is sleek and clean with no forward facing buttons to speak of. aside from the mimo logo on the bottom of the bezel, the 720f can absolutely look oem properly implemented in a car. even the power light seems to be considered, as it is offset and not blindingly bright at night. the good looks continue when your operating system loads and the display comes to life. where the first generation was inhibited with some pixilation and color banding issues, "season " of the 720f has drastically improved visuals whether during movement or stationary. i'm not entirely positive if it's the improved displaylink drivers or the hardware itself, but rest assured the 720f will display the way you desire. keep in mind though that you're still limited to a fixed resolution of 800x480, and usb display means your operating system must load before the 720f will work. as with all usb touchscreens, the driver requirement put windows users first in terms of display and touch screen support. the included displaylink drivers for windows have been improved and the result is an increase in stability. i have not experienced the problems resuming from suspend modes as i had in previous iterations. mac osx users have been added to the list of users that can take advantage of the mimo display, provided they don't mind having to purchase a third-party usb driver. android users may not be left out for long, as there are efforts to bring a android-friendly driver to the front as well for host-mode compatible devices. superb display quality which rivals hdmi competitors uses a single usb osx and android driver options are now available in limited capacity sleek bezel design mounting system may limit install capabilities still requires windows to load before it will display single usb cable may cause problems with some usb hubs the second iteration of the mimo 720f touchscreen monitor features improved performance all around. the colors are brighter, touch layer seems clearer, and drivers are more stable. whether the 720f is the best for you simply depends on your mounting preference, as the mount design can make or break your install. the mimo 720f is available on amazon for a video comparing the 720f with the other latest usb touchscreens click here
__label__non_math	0.9979	holly crapola inch mdf, with plexi, have not wired up yet, can not wait i am going to have the sub firing back, and the plexi up top and going to encorparate it into a large amp rack pics this week mines cleaner and louder...haha but seriously im using that same box in this page, but its reinstalled on a sliding drawer shelf, carpeted professionally by me , and has the bars in a different arrangement. watts via arc audio amp, .90cubic ft, ported to on the old mics in a convertible i have yet to find a song that it distorts on at any volume level, i love these subs mustang gt: 12w7...arc audio kar1000.2t...jl 300 pushng focal 165k2p...pioneer premier deh-880prs...tm-701l...audiocontrol eqs want: my stereo actually in the car
__label__non_math	0.9999	networks blamed feds for katrina failure, credit them for sandy - networks show feds double standard: despite huge failings on the part of local and state government, the bush administration and fema took most of the network criticism in days of hurricane katrina coverage. but in a -day period of superstorm sandy coverage, the networks praised obama and his response time and again, even as many remained without electricity. there were stories blaming bush or the feds in the period, compared to stories that praised obama in . - abc finds no one to blame for millions still without power: on nov. , abc world news reported in one story that there were a million people still in the dark and afraid the coming northeaster would take out power again. in that story, no one was faulted for the continued lack of electricity. sandy ravaged new jersey and new york on , after tearing up the east coast. it brought heavy rain, massive flooding and wind gusts of up to 115 mph, and left hundreds of thousands of people in need. the storm also claimed at least 125 lives. but network coverage revealed a double standard about who they blamed in the wake of a it has been nearly a month since the storm struck new jersey and new york and caused millions to lose power from the eastern seaboard to michigan and outrageously many people are still lacking basic needs. the rockaways still look like ghost towns, the new york times reported on nov. . earlier this month, columnist joe nocera wrote in the new york times that some customers of the government-run long island power authority lipa might not have heat until christmas. nocera wrote of touring one of the hardest hit areas, the rockaways, with a volunteer named nan shipley. he said they met a father of two, whose baby had bronchitis, who had come to the a local city councilman s office for help saying, our house is too cold. the baby will get sick again. we need a place to stay. later shipley and the man asked fema officials if they could help. disgracefully, their answer was to call 911. the times reported on nov. , that in a meeting four days before sandy hit, the lipa trustees only spent seconds discussing it, even after huge failures in when it took nine days to restore power for more than 500,000 people affected by tropical storm irene. crews trying to restore power are hampered by an antiquated record system. after that storm, the state public service commission issued a report that upbraided the authority. the authority s monitoring and information systems were nowhere near the industry standard, said walter p. drabinski, a consultant on the report, according to the times. throughout its reporting and op-ed pages, the times has revealed the pain and suffering that sandy inflicted and that the government, federal, state and local, has yet to fully address. the newspaper has found reason to be upset with lipa and fema. they even found criticism of the red cross response. often network reporting reflects the views presented in the times, but not in this case. the broadcast networks spent the first days following the storm mostly praising the response and president obama, and found little to condemn other than mayor michael bloomberg s original plan to have the nyc marathon run as planned it was later cancelled . not only have the networks failed to show the depth of the suffering in places like the rockaways and staten island and parts of new jersey, it s praise for the federal government was also the exact opposite of how the networks covered the tragedy caused by another natural disaster: hurricane katrina. certainly katrina was a much bigger tragedy, but as people continue to struggle in new york and new jersey the networks unwillingness to criticize the federal response was striking. the media research center s business and media institute examined transcripts of coverage in the days following each tragedy and found a key difference: who they blamed. in the first days of sandy, obama was praised in network stories. but in , following hurricane katrina, network evening news programs blamed president george w. bush or the feds in at least stories for a botched and slow response. occasionally, those stories said all levels of government were being criticized, but the failures of local and state officials like mayor ray nagin and gov. kathleen blanco were mostly ignored. the networks defaulted to attacks on the bush administration, rather than scrutinizing deadly mistakes made by local and state officials ahead of and following the storm. despite horrific conditions in ny, sandy gives obama a bounce houses were washed away, damaged, engulfed, knocked down and burned down because of sandy. president obama said on oct. , that federal, state and local officials would all be responding to the affected individuals. gov. andrew cuomo recently requested .billion. but weeks after the storm, many people are still in great need. in contrast to , the networks found a very different story to tell while other outlets like the new york times continued to expose the tragic conditions facing new yorkers and new jerseyans. a times editorial on nov. , noted that more than ,000 of public housing units closest to the city s shoreline were estimated to still be without heat, hot water or electricity. life for these people is grim. one wednesday nov. afternoon, in the far rockaways, hundreds lined up for as much as three hours in the cold to get hot food promised by a makeshift delegation of volunteers. the multiple government agencies promising help were nowhere to be seen, the editorial continued. another times article on nov. , highlighted misery in queens. they said it had become one of the epicenters for the simmering sense of abandonment felt in still-darkened areas of new york city, and out into the suburbs and beyond, including large swaths of new jersey and long island, where the lack of power was made more problematic by persistent gas shortages. occasionally, network stories mentioned the frustration of people in new york or new jersey, but there was little finger pointing at local, state or federal officials and certainly not the president. on nov. , abc world news reported that there were a million people in the dark and afraid the northeaster would take out power again. in that story, no one was criticized for so many still being without electricity. although they were firmly convinced that the buck stops with the president in , this time, even as new york news outlets reported on nov. that there might be ,000 homeless and in need of shelter as a snowstorm targeted the already battered region, the networks continued to give obama credit for a crisis well handled. instead, the networks praised or credited obama in connection with sandy over and over again. for example, on nov. , a cbs evening news story said that obama and n.j. gov. chris christie had worked together to help the hurricane victims. the reporter editorialized, doing the right thing is usually the best politics. some of those reports crudely suggested it would or had already help him with his re-election bid, one calling it a sandy bounce. according to politico, exit polls indicated percent of voters thought obama s storm performance had been either important or most important in their vote. but the worst criticism to be found in any of those network reports was for mayor michael bloomberg who angered many by allowing the new york marathon to go forward as planned as people in staten island and elsewhere were in desperate need. bloomberg was eventually pressured into cancelling the run. although bmi only looked at the first nights of coverage, the conditions in new york and new jersey have remained horrendous for some. the cbs new york website reported on nov. that a high-rise housing complex called knickerbocker village on the lower east side stunk of rotten eggs and residents were still without power and hot water, days after sandy. some new jerseyans have also said they are unhappy with the federal response to sandy. the jersey journal reported on nov. that small business owners impacted by the storm say the loans being offered fema and the small business association won t be enough to put them back in business. on nov. , the blaze reported that one sandy victim, donna vanzant, had not been helped despite obama s personal promise of immediate assistance. she was photographed with obama on oct. , but told northjersey.com she is frustrated that she hasn t been helped by her insurance companies or the government. speaking of obama s visit she said, looking back on it, it wasted a lot of people s time. president obama finally visited the storm-torn areas of new york on nov. , days after the storm hit on oct. . paul bedard wrote for the washington examiner reported that a child reprimanded the president for not coming sooner saying, we need help - he should of been here a long time ago. katrina failures of city and state pile up on bush both storms have been called once once-in-a-century kind of storm. in the case of katrina, she was huge and powerful and the city of new orleans s low-lying location made the damage worse that it might have been elsewhere. many mistakes were made and those mistakes took lives. but the networks focused almost exclusively at blaming bush and his administration. using sound bites from survivors living in misery and louisiana politicians, bush was pounded night after night following the massive storm. on , bush and the federal response was blamed or criticized in separate stories. in one abc report, mayor nagin was quoted blasting the feds saying get off your asses and do something. reports also turned it into a race issue, alleging response would have been swifter if the affected people were white. it was much later that news outlets began to expose the failures of nagin and blanco. the chicago tribune reported on , that while bush deserves some blame, it was blanco who had denied access for the salvation army and red cross to assist people in the superdome. according to the tribune, nagin did not provide enough security at the superdome, or water or emergency sanitation. as for food, he thought the people would pack lunches for three days, like on a campout. good plan, ray. why didn't the white house stop you? nagin had gotten other things wrong too, according to a column on u.s. news world report. h e delayed the evacuation order, had no drivers ready to operate the school buses that stood idle, failed to stock the superdome with food and water, and let the looters rampage without any interference from police, john leo wrote. he also wrote that long before the hurricane nagin recorded a dvd message saying to city residents without transportation you re on your own, if a hurricane strikes, because the city couldn t afford to evacuate them. the dvd hadn t been released before the hurricane hit . the same networks that had berated bush for the wars, for the economy and anything they could find rushed to judgement and found the president at fault again and again for the days of misery and death following the storm.
__label__non_math	0.9119	nbc and abc scare viewers: 'extreme weather' could kill ,000 people on monday, both nbc's nightly news and abc's world news hyped a finding by the national oceanic and atmospheric administration noaa that, in the panicked words of nbc environmental correspondent anne thompson, "extreme weather blew march into the record books....it saw almost three times the average number of reported tornadoes." abc weather editor sam champion noted how some enjoyed the unseasonably warm weather, but then ominously warned of a "potential downside" being "so much darker." he proclaimed: "local governments are racing to meet these challenges head on. los angeles today hosting a meeting of top scientists and public heath officials to plan for what they're calling, 'extreme climate risks.'" champion listed the threats: danger number one, extreme weather. the rising temperatures may create ideal conditions for more severe thunderstorms and tornadoes....danger number two, economic crisis....it's feared these extreme temperature fluctuations can endanger a whole year's crops....danger number three, a possible public health crisis....a harvard study revealed that even small increases in summer temperatures, as small as degrees, had a direct link to shorter life expectancy for seniors with chronic medical conditions....researchers predicted a tiny heat spike could result in ,000 additional deaths a year. thompson admitted that there was "no one culprit to blame for the rising thermometer," but quickly added: "there is a prime suspect." a sound bite followed of tom karl, the head of noaa's national climatic data center: "right now, we have a climate on steroids. what we mean by that is green house gases continue to increase in the atmosphere." in , karl was accused of trying to suppress global warming data by a fellow climatologist. despite the assertions made in both reports, noaa's own frequently asked questions section of its website largely dispels the notion of global warming causing an increase in tornado activity: "does 'global warming' cause tornadoes? no. thunderstorms do. the harder question may be, 'will climate change influence tornado occurrence?' the best answer is: we don't know." h t to the heritage foundation's the foundry blog here is a transcript of thompson's april nightly news report: williams: back in this country tonight, there are now definitive facts to prove what we all felt was true during this very bizarre winter season just past. some places witnessed summer arriving in march, really. a ton of records fell, and violent weather hit across a lot of the country. our report tonight from our chief environmental affairs correspondent anne thompson. unidentified man: this is a tornado anne thompson: extreme weather blew march into the record books. it saw almost three times the average number of reported tornadoes. noaa, the national oceanic and atmospheric administration, says our the unusually warm weather created conditions favorable for twisters. and while there's no one culprit to blame for the rising thermometer, there is a prime suspect. tom karl noaa : right now, we have a climate on steroids. what we mean by that is green house gases continue to increase in the atmosphere. thompson: the average temperature this march, .degrees, .degrees above normal. this time lapse animation from noaa shows where the ,000-plus records were broken. every state in the nation set at least one daily record high in march. march brought rain and drought relief to eastern texas and parts of oklahoma, but above the tree line on the rocky mountains, near boulder, colorado, there is bare ground where there should be snow. colorado's snow pack, just of average. less snow means less water for tim farrell's organic farm. today, he laid down a barrier to hold in moisture for his strawberries, but without water, he may have to make a tough choice. tim farrell: we've been trying to save our fruit trees and we would then have to let go of all of our vegetables. thompson: noaa's forecast is for this warming trend to continue, particularly in the mid-atlantic and southern sections of the country, and nowhere is it predicted to be colder than normal. anne thompson, nbc news, new york. here is a full transcript of champion's april world news report: stephanopoulos: and it's official, the nation's top scientists crunched the numbers and declared march the single hottest march on record, dating back to . watch this, every dot another record shattered, more than ,000 in all. and as abc's weather editor sam champion explains, that extreme weather could have extreme consequences for everything from your health to your wallet. sam champion: some are calling it the year without winter, and now, it's one for the record books. the average temperature in march is usually .degrees. but this year? degrees, about .degrees higher than normal. jake crouch noaa, natl. climatic data ctr. : under normal circumstances, we would expect this large of a temperature departure from normal about once every 280 years. champion: the upside of the heat wave, scenes like this, people enjoying the sun, skiing in bathing suits. but the potential downside, so much darker. and some say, we're already seeing it. local governments are racing to meet these challenges head on. los angeles today hosting a meeting of top scientists and public heath officials to plan for what they're calling, "extreme climate risks." danger number one, extreme weather. the rising temperatures may create ideal conditions for more severe thunderstorms and tornadoes. 223 twisters reported in march alone, a month which typically sees . danger number two, economic crisis. this unprecedented heat also raising alarms for farmers. unidentified man: to say that they're concerned would be an understatement. champion: it's feared these extreme temperature fluctuations can endanger a whole year's crops. danger number three, a possible public health crisis. today, a harvard study revealed that even small increases in summer temperatures, as small as degrees, had a direct link to shorter life expectancy for seniors with chronic medical conditions such diabetes, heart failure or lung disease. researchers predicted a tiny heat spike could result in ,000 additional deaths a year. richard somerville professor, scripps inst. of oceanography : there are many public health consequences and i think this is a wake-up call. stephanopoulos: so, sam, we had this warm winter, warmer march, what does it mean for summer? champion: george, you know you and i have talked about this and i don't really believe in long-term forecasts, but the weather service does put out an outlook for days and days, and i think that's reasonable, it kind of gives us a guideline. on the -day outlook, they're basically saying of the country to expect warmer-than-normal, warmer-than-average temperatures. in that -day outlook, the longest distance they'll go in an outlook, says at least half the country to expect warmer-than-normal temperatures. so the answer is, yeah, more heat throughout the summer. stephanopoulos: okay, sam, thanks. see you in the morning. -- kyle drennen is a news analyst at the media research center. click here to follow kyle drennen on twitter.
__label__non_math	0.9999	padlocks - catalog by manufacturer if you are searching for padlocks, you have found the right place lock inventories a wide variety of abus, american, master, sesamee, presto, and more click this link for padlock dimensions we have been selling padlocks on-line since . take a look at what we have available on-line. if you are looking for a special padlock, such as master keyed padlocks, or padlocks keyed in groups give us a call, or email for a quotation.
__label__non_math	0.6686	features: the exterior lens is constructed of a scientific glass to prohibit scratching while creating a field of vision exceeding 160 . all viewers are furnished with a shutter. installation: drill a ." hole completely through the door; insert the lens portion into the exterior side and the slotted scope portion through the interior side. tighten with a slotted screwdriver or a coin. model : ." diameter quality door lens. adjustable for door thickness from .312" to .". model : ." diameter quality door lens. adjustable
__label__non_math	0.9994	the sec can be a pretty wild place on occasion. but here s one that s out of the ordinary even for this conference. on friday, tennessee s derek dooley announced that he had hired alabama linebackers coach and assistant head coach sal sunseri to be his new defensive coordinator at tennessee. during his press conference, he said he didn t view it as grabbing a guy from his old boss saban because of the nature of the job and the title involved. it was a step up for sunseri. i told nick when i called him that it is a hard call because it wasn t about a tennessee and alabama deal and i was really pleased at how professionally he handled it. and we have a friendship, too. so that will never get compromised. it wasn t about tennessee taking anything from alabama. hold that thought. ominously, dooley also offered this up regarding the relief he felt in making an important coordinator hire: you catch your breath for about seconds. and that s about how long you got at tennessee before something else is on the way. fast forward from friday to sunday evening a tad longer than seconds when news broke that saban and alabama were hiring tennessee defensive line coach lance thompson as sunseri s replacement. presto chango, dooley s now lost his sixth assistant this offseason and he s once again got three holes to fill with signing day fast approaching. one wonders if saban called dooley to simply say, checkmate. you see, thompson was on saban s staff in tuscaloosa before joining lane kiffin in knoxville in . when kiffin left, thompson was one of three assistants who didn t head to southern cal with him and one of two along with offensive coordinator jim chaney who remained at tennessee. when thompson left bama, saban hired wait for it sunseri to replace him. so it s no wonder thompson wasn t thrilled about being passed over for the vols defensive coordinator job for the guy who replaced him with the tide. now you see why we hinted at thompson s potential departure several times last week. thompson had to look at the situation and wonder if he d just kept his job on saban s staff in if he wouldn t have been dooley s target for d-coordinator this time around. he d also have a pair of bcs title rings. while sunseri is getting a promotion to move to knoxville, thompson appears to be making a lateral shift. if he s given sunseri s old assistant head coach title it would make the move appear to be at least some form of promotion. as if going from a troubled staff at struggling tennessee to a stable staff at national champ alabama weren t promotion enough. so now, tennessee is back trying to fill three vacancies on its staff: charlie baggett retired replaced by jay graham eric russell left for washington state open justin wilcox left for washington replaced by sunseri peter sirmon left for washington open harry hiestand left for notre dame replaced by sam pittman lance thompson left for alabama open and that s not all the shifting. offensive coordinator chaney will move from running backs to quarterbacks next season. quarterback coach darrin hinshaw will take over baggett s old receivers coaching position. and graham will handle the running backs spot given up by chaney. so dooley finally has a roster with depth and experience, but heading into what many believe will be a make or break year, the positive possibilities might be offset by turmoil and turnover on his staff. meanwhile, saban is simply plugging holes because who wouldn t want to get the words alabama and saban on their resume? thompson will get his old job back and replace sunseri. jim mcelwain s old offensive coordinator slot remains open, but sources in tuscaloosa suggest washington offensive coordinator doug nussmeier is close to being named mcelwain s replacement. at alabama, when one door closes, another one opens. at tennessee, when one door opens, dooley has to check to make sure its not a trapdoor beneath his feet.
__label__non_math	0.9959	the creation of the msc in was a result of two global organizations, wwf and unilever, wanting to tackle the issue of seafood sustainability. together they founded the msc. the msc solution has parts: - recognise and reward fisheries that fish sustainably - work with fishery and commercial partners to build a market for sustainable seafood - give buyers and consumers an easy way to find seafood from a sustainable fishery - the blue msc ecolabel see the msc solution in action discover how it s worked out for all the fisheries certified in our first years. fishers stories net benefits leaders from the seafood industry and retailers have welcomed the establishment of the msc standard and are already taking part today there are over 100 fisheries that have voluntarily entered into the msc program, millions of tonnes of msc certified sustainable seafood are caught annually, and shoppers around the world are choosing msc-labelled seafood. the most robust, effective, and accessible certification program msc fisheries certification is open to all wild capture fisheries whatever their size, type or location. the msc program does not include farmed fish, which is why our ecolabel is only displayed on wild caught fish. fisheries certified under the msc program have gone to great lengths to show that they meet the msc environmental standard for sustainable fishing. the standard is based on three core principles: . sustainability of exploited fish stocks . maintenance of the ecosystem on which the fishery depends . effective and responsible management to become msc certified, fisheries voluntarily agree to undergo an independent, third-party assessment by an accredited certifier and team of independent experts, who might make multiple visits to the fishery depending on its size and complexity. the team gathers and analyses the best scientific data, and makes it available to anyone who registers an interest such as government agencies, conservation groups and scientists . at the end of the consultation process, the team recommends whether or not the fishery meets the three core principles of the msc standard and a report is published on this website for anyone to read and even object to before the team issues a final assessment and report on the fishery. if the certifier confirms that the fishery meets the msc environmental standard for sustainable fishing then that fishery can apply to use the msc ecolabel on its products. knowing where our seafood comes from being able to trust that the seafood you are eating really comes from a sustainable source is crucial to the msc program, which is why we have a second msc certification for boat to plate traceability. this is called the msc chain of custody standard for seafood traceability. when you buy seafood that carries the msc ecolabel, every company that has handled the product, from the fishery to the retailer or restaurant, has been independently audited to ensure it only uses the msc ecolabel on certified sustainable seafood, stores msc certified products separately, and keeps effective records of msc certified products no illegally caught fish on my dish by linking seafood sold in shops and restaurants to a certified sustainable fishery, the chain of custody element of our program also helps to keep the growing problem of illegally caught seafood out of the supply chain and off your plate. look for the ecolabel people often ask 'is tuna environmentally friendly', or 'is it ok to eat salmon?' our advice is not to base your shopping decision on the type of fish, for example some cod fisheries are well-managed and others are not. we are the first to admit that there's a long way to go before every fishery is assessed, and we are sure that there are many fisheries out there that are well managed and responsible. but if you want to be certain you are buying sustainable fish, the msc ecolabel is the simplest way to be sure it comes from a fishery that has been independently certified as sustainable against the most robust standard around today. find out what fish to eat and where to buy.
__label__non_math	0.9999	a n: thanks to my awesome betas, siouxchef twilightmundi. i hummed and closed my eyes, pulling her as close to me as i could. i wanted her to know that there was no leaving this time, no running away. she giggled lightly and we fell asleep together. i was happy. so fucking happy. i woke up in quite possibly the best position ever; alice was nuzzled right against me, her face planted between my breasts. christ, i wasn't even sure how she could breathe like that. she seemed to be managing just fine, though, so who was i to complain? sometime during the night, i had woken up and had the urge to wake alice. i needed her again, the desire almost overwhelming my body, but i just couldn't bring myself to disturb the sleeping angel beside me. i was struck again at the irony and frustration of putting someone else's needs before mine. i reached my hand out to stroke her hair, smoothing the short strands over her head. i kissed her lips softly, a ghost of a kiss. if i couldn't bring myself to wake her and have my wicked way with her, i could at least steal one tiny kiss to hold me over, i rationalized. it was no surprise then, that when i woke up and the sun was out, i decided sleeping beauty certainly had enough for one night. i wiggled in my spot, flexing my hips toward her as i moved my breasts around her face. i couldn't help it, it was kind of funny watching her face scrunch up, as if she had no fucking clue where she was and why she was surrounded by flesh. the motion of my laughter must have shaken her awake a little more. her hands circled around me and ran up my back, pulling my chest closer to her. she let out a contended sigh and turned her head, wrapping her tongue around my nipple before sucking it gently into her mouth. she hummed against me, the vibrations making my nipple stiffen quickly. "good morning, alice," i smiled. she mumbled something against my breast, her hand moving to cover the other one and tease the nipple with her fingertips. when did she turn into something i needed, like air, water, food? this was not the bella i was used to being the one that remained in control at all times. it was slightly alarming, my need for her. i had a job, family, plenty of other things that required my attention, but if i had a choice at that moment, i would gladly have given them all up to stay in bed with alice, doing nothing at all but enjoying each other. as if on cue, the reminder that i could not spend all day fucking alice came to me quickly and i practically ripped myself away from her. "fuck. sorry, alice, i have to pee. i'll be right back," i shouted as i sprinted to the bathroom. i could hear her soft footsteps behind me and i almost stopped... but i did have to really pee. was she actually going to follow me into the bathroom? i closed the last few steps between me and my temporary salvation, turning to face her. "ali, really, can i pee in privacy?" "like i didn't just have my face all up in your lady business? seriously? besides, i got a peek of this bathroom before and i fully intend to drag you into the shower with me when you're done." she winked, leaning against the doorframe. chuckling, i conceded and sat down. my bathroom was one of the shining stars of the whole house. i loved nothing more than coming home from a long day at work and losing myself in it. it was almost the antithesis of what most people thought of as "bella" it was soft, romantic, bathed in warm, glowing candles and soft lights. it was my haven, aside from the kitchen, and i couldn't imagine anyone else i wanted to share it with. i finished up and took her hand, leading her down to the shower stall. it wasn't huge, but it would fit the two of us just fine. i had always loved the built-in bench for shaving, but seeing the look alice had in her eyes made me think i was going to have a new reason to love it. i opened the door and turned the water on, backing out to let it warm up before we got in. turning, i drew alice into my body again. she was always so warm, and i couldn't get enough. "alice, do you want to get some breakfast once we're showered? maybe you could invite edward and i could invite jasper?" "that might work. let's text them and see what they say once we get out. i plan to have you in there awhile." she unwrapped herself from my arms and i nearly whimpered. fuck, i was being out teased. i realized for about the millionth time that i was feeling something more for alice than i had for anyone, even jessica. alice had a spark, a fierceness, an independence that i could tell would not wear on me. she didn't outwardly need me, but i knew she wanted me. there's a stark contrast between being with someone out of need and being with someone because you wanted to be there. i know i told alice i wasn't a scary u-hauler, but just then, at that moment, i could already see her there, living with me. my gut screamed, cried out, told me to run. doubts ran through my head faster than water tumbling over the edge of a waterfall, crashing against the rocky shore. i was conflicted. there were many reasons i hadn't let someone get close to me before, but suddenly they were crumbling in front of me. i watched alice walk over to her purse on the nightstand and pull her cell out, typing away. i could see her muscles flex as she shifted her weight and i bit my lip. her back was to me, the perfect view of her ass in front of me. the movements of her hands and arms caused her back muscles to appear and fade back into her body periodically and i stood, mesmerized. she must have felt my gaze, and she turned around, giving me a stern expression. "bella, if you want to get in the shower with me, you better start texting. the water won't be hot forever." i walked to my phone and texted jasper with the shortest message i could think of while still getting my point across. j, breakfast w us? pp? -b i literally threw the phone on the bed and went back to the bathroom. alice was already in the shower, hair wet, water trailing down her body in streams and drops. she was running her hands through her hair, standing in one place with her back to me, just getting used to the water i guess. i opened the door and walked in, practically attacking her. walking up behind her, i nuzzled my head into the crook of her neck, my body pressed as tightly into hers as it could be. i wrapped my hands around to cup her breasts and began kissing her, sucking her skin lightly every now and then. "fuck, alice, do you have any idea what you do to me?" i halfway whispered. for some reason, this seemed like a deep, intimate confession from me. sure, lovers say those words all the time to each other, but i meant them in more than a sexual way. she leaned her head back and sighed, eyes closed. one of my hands reluctantly left her breasts and i trailed it down her body with just the tips of my fingers touching her. i was slightly jealous of the water it got to be everywhere, all over her, at once. it was touching and caressing every part of her that i wanted to be. i brought my hand to her pussy and wasted no time sliding my fingers between the lips. she leaned back, resting against me and i was suddenly grateful for the small space. i was able to lean against the tile wall and spread my legs, bringing her between them. i supported us while my hand dipped lower, two of my fingertips circling her opening briefly before pressing in. wrapping my other hand around her body, i brought it to her clit, rubbing slow circles as i felt the swollen bump sliding beneath my fingers. my fingers from the opposite hand were still slowly moving in and out of her. i was enjoying taking my time with alice just as i had the night before, soaking up every last bit of her. "put your leg up on the bench," i whispered. she did, and i enjoyed the change in access it gave me to her body. i could tell that i was hitting deeper inside of her, but i kept my slow pace. i needed her to know just how much i needed her, even if it scared me out of my mind. even if i couldn't say it out loud. even if i might not trust that it would last longer than this shower. "fuck, bella, stop teasing me. fuck me harder, please," she begged. "no, sweet alice. i'm going to enjoy this nice, slow, soft fuck with you." i trailed kisses along her neck, willing her to slow down and enjoy the moment with me. i could feel her body shake with frustration and i knew she was getting closer. i kept my slow pace but increased the pressure just slightly over her clit, pressing harder and hopefully drawing her closer to the edge. she pushed back against me and i knew it wasn't going to be long. she started to babble and talk softly, almost to herself. her head was shaking slightly side to side and i could hear the confusion in her voice. "... must be dreaming," she whispered into the air. i lowered my mouth to her ear and kissed it softly. it seemed like she was still afraid of me, afraid i was going to leave, i guess. "do you get fucked like this in your dreams often, alice?" i whispered just as low and soft as she had. "oh fuck," she cried out, and i could feel her orgasm overtake her body. her back arched against my body, and her breathing had picked up to a heavy pant. she raised up on her toes as she came, one leg still on the bench. i giggled to myself, not stopping my hands. when she lowered her body, i felt it much more as she slid down against me, our bodies slick from the water of the shower and our combined sweat. every curve and line brushed against me, and i needed her impossibly more. we stood, my arms wrapped around her, for what had to be several minutes. i had one hand at her waist and the other at her breast. it wasn't sexual; i wasn't cupping or teasing her, i was feeling the heavy thud of her heart, the movement of her body with each gentle breath entering and escaping. i am so fucked. just as the "flight" part of my brain tried to overrule my heart, alice turned in my arms. i could feel the tears pooling in my eyes as i looked at her. her heart was wide open and it reminded me again of the precious gift she was giving me. i closed my eyes, hoping the spray of the shower would mask the tears rolling down my cheeks, and lowered my head to her shoulder. i hummed against her skin, wanting so badly to give her what she deserved. hopefully, she could make do with what i was capable of for the moment. "the shower's going to turn cold soon. you don't want to miss out on your turn, do you?" i felt her hand at the side of my face, tiling my gaze back to meet hers. whereas the previous night she had been overflowing with passion, heat, roughness, right then, she was so small and soft looking. she was kissing me gently, her lips pressed into mine with tenderness. i felt her smile against me as she turned us in the shower, using one hand to push me gently onto the bench. in the blink of an eye, her smile turned from soft and sweet to devious and wicked. i sat on the tile covered bench, thankful the water spray had been mostly going that direction, meaning it was warm. she turned the shower head away from us and pulled my legs out slightly, forcing me to tilt back even further, as she sank to her knees. she looked up at me, hair still dripping wet from the shower, and kept my gaze as she lowered her mouth over one of my nipples. she sucked it in, the surface extra slippery from the water, and it slid back out with ease as she relaxed her lips around it. placing her hands on my knees, one on either side of her small body, she leaned over to kiss my tattoo softly. alice trailed the kisses down from my tattoo over my hip and to the top of my pussy. everything we had done, not just that morning but the night before too, had been building the need for release in me. "be a good girl and wait your turn, bella. i promise i won't make you wait long, but i want to take my time this morning and savor every last drop of you." fuck, fuck, fuck. alice wasn't kidding, either. before she even began to lick me how i needed her to, she kissed, touched, and nibbled all around me, swiping her tongue out across my lips, up to the top across my clit, and every other spot she could find. she brought her hand up and traced her fingertips around the same places, sometimes gently using her fingernail to add a different sensation. i moaned loudly as she tilted her head to the side and took one of my lips into her mouth, running her tongue underneath it as far as she could and sucked gently. i pressed my hips up slightly, causing her face to press tighter into me, giving me added friction. as she released my lip, she used her hand to open me to her entirely and flattened her tongue against my clit. she waited there a moment, teasing me with the pressure and the heat, not moving a single fraction of an inch, before she began to gently lap at me. i could hear her and see her, the sounds of us reverberating off the shower walls into a sexy, sensual composition. she hummed against me and i let go. my eyes flew shut, head thrown back against the tile. the immediate dull throb where i smacked my head did nothing to slow or stop my orgasm, hips lifted as high as possible, pressing alice's tongue as hard into me as i could. i brought my hands to her head, lacing my fingers into her hair to still her movements. she got the hint and began to kiss my thighs and raise herself back up. i brought my legs to a bent position again and sat her down on my lap, her head resting on my shoulder as i caught my breath. "thank you, alice," i said softly. i felt her giggle above me. "we should probably actually get clean if we want to meet the boys for breakfast. it's going to be brunch at this rate." i sighed, knowing she was right. she moved off my lap and we washed each other gently. she smiled when she saw my strawberry body wash, taking a deep sniff of it as she put a drop into her hands. just like in bed before, alice insisted we not use a washcloth or net scrubby, instead using only our hands to wash each other. after she washed my body rather thoroughly she moved onto my hair, washing and conditioning it. she took her time, never tangling it between her fingers. i returned the favor and we shut the water off and got out. as we stood there drying each other off, i realized alice had no clothes to change into. i got distracted by the chirping of our phones, and i laughed, wondering how long the guys had been trying to get ahold of us. i checked my phone as alice looked at hers. sure, b.. the usual? -j hmm, that was too easy. i texted him back. yep, minutes? b i walked to the closet and looked over at alice. "alice, you want to come pick out something to wear or do you trust me?" i gave her a wicked grin and she came into the closet with me to pick something. "i'm not ready to let you dress me up just yet," she said, winking. i wanted to be casual and comfortable, so i picked a khaki skirt, a navy t-shirt, and my new navy ballet flats. it was warm outside, rare for late september but not unheard of, so alice picked some army green shorts and a white polo shirt with my black flip flops. i also loaned her a fresh pair of panties and a cami tank for underneath her polo. she'd have to go braless there was no way any of mine would fit her, but she was small enough that no one would probably notice. i found a cute purse to match for her wallet, keys and phone, and we were all set. "what did edward say, by the way? jasper agreed way too easily... i usually have to talk him into it." alice laughed. "that's so funny normally edward is already up, showered, fed and working on a cure for cancer by this time of day, but he texted me back too, to say he could go. i need to let him know where and when though?" "ah, jasper should be here in minutes. he lives a few houses down, so we usually meet here and i drive. we're going to ruth's diner, so he can just meet us there." whenever i could talk jasper into breakfast on sundays, ruth's was where we went. the wait was a bitch, but we usually had a bloody mary to tide us over as we people watched and waited. once alice and i were dressed, i blew my hair partially dry no time for all the way , and she rummaged through my bathroom drawers for a tube of hair gel i was positive i had somewhere. she gave up, resolved herself to flat hair, and i gave her pouty lips a kiss. i heard a knock at the door so i went to let jasper in, grabbing alice's hand so she would walk with me. i was entirely unprepared for what i saw when i opened the door. jasper was standing there with edward. and holy shit, are they holding hands? i blinked a few times and stepped aside to let them in. "good morning, boys." "jasper... edward... i'm going to take alice back to my place so we can talk. will you two be okay to get home?" bella asked. "oh yeah. i drove and i haven't had anything to drink but water," i said. jasper just nodded and alice came over to hug me goodbye. she told me not to worry about her and let me know that she would call me in the morning. i told her to have a good time, and she was off with bella. it was awkward, the two of us left there, seemingly nothing in common except the fact that we were gay. well, i knew i was gay; i had no clue about jasper. "so, jasper? would you like to go grab a coffee? i'm sorry if i behaved rudely before. i guess you could say i was more than a little surprised to see bella here, much less learn that she was my sister's not-so-one-night stand." i laughed, and he turned to look at me, smiling. "it is a little awkward, right? they just bring us here and then ditch us at a lesbian bar?" he said, incredulous. "we have to get them back somehow." "i like the way you think, jasper." "alright, where can we go for coffee this late?" he asked. "there's a starbucks down the road; they should be open a little while longer." "okay. you don't mind driving?" "not at all." i smiled and led the way out of the loud club. i wasn't sure if jasper had even realized yet that i was gay. it wasn't like i had a rainbow flag on my button-up. i tried to keep my private life very private. i was already dreading the conversations that might come up with bella, but at least i knew she had something she wanted to keep private as well. we walked to my volvo and i could see jasper chuckle. "what?" i asked him. "a volvo? of all the cars i might have imagined you driving, edward, a volvo wasn't one of them." once i got over the near instant hard-on i had at hearing him say my name, i formed a coherent response. "this is not your grandma's volvo, jasper. get in, i'll show you." there are many things i want to show you. we each slid in and buckled up. i started the car and revved the engine, wiggling my eyebrows at him. he laughed and i wanted to drive straight to my apartment. instead, i pulled out of the parking lot as slowly as i could manage, turning onto the busy street that would take us to our coffee. we pulled into a parking spot, got out of the car, and walked inside to order. i insisted on paying, since it was my idea, and he actually let me. he sat at a table waiting for me as i grabbed our drinks and brought them over, taking a seat across from him. "so, jasper, have you always lived in utah?" i asked. "most of my life. i went to high school with bella down in sandy, actually." "huh. ever want to go anywhere else?" "of course, but bella's my family and i couldn't leave her. she's pretty settled here, actually. i guess by now you've figured that out. she mentioned after we walked in that you work with her, so i assume you've met her sister rose as well." oooh, is he fishing for info on me? "i did, and wow. she's pretty hot too, isn't she?" i played along and noticed his eyes drop to the table. "yeah, she is." "of course, she's not my type." i stretched my leg out under the table to rest my calf against his. it was a small enough move that i could deny any meaning behind it if he reacted poorly, but grand enough that he could take the bait if he wanted. "she's not?" he said, laughing. "i thought rose was every straight man's type." i smiled. gotcha. "yes, well, unfortunately that's the problem. i'm not straight." his ocean blue eyes were twinkling and i took a moment to get lost in their beauty. "huh. what brought you back to utah, edward?" there he goes saying my name again. "much like you, i didn't want to be away from my family anymore. i had an... incident with an ex in seattle, and it was just time for me to come home, i guess." there was a slightly uncomfortable silence as jasper and i looked at each other for a moment. "edward, do you want to go back to my place and plot our revenge against the girls, maybe have a drink or two?" i could see the mischief in his eyes. i dipped my head low, contemplating the potential complication of dating the best friend of my new boss. when i raised my head back up to look in his eyes, i gave him my signature crooked smile before answering. "i think i'd like that." we finished our coffee and walked back to my car mostly in silence. once we were buckled in, he told me the general direction to his house and i got us on our way. "so, you know i'm a lawyer; what do you do, jasper?" i asked. "i'm a therapist, actually." he seemed slightly embarrassed by this. "do you enjoy your job?" "sure, most of the time. i work with kids. it can be draining dealing with some of them. i feel so awful for them, so small and sometimes subjected to the most horrific of situations. it doesn't always restore my faith in humanity." "christ, i can only imagine." i shook my head, imagining listening to abused or damaged kids all day. it was absolutely not something i could bear to do. it had been bad enough when i had worked on a few court cases involving kids. i never understood how my brother and father could work at children's hospital either, but i was thankful for the people in the world strong enough to handle it. jasper gave me the turn-by-turn instructions to get to his house, and i was surprised. i imagined him in a fancy apartment somewhere. this was a humble, bungalow style house. "you live here?" i raised an eyebrow as i put the car in park. "yeah. see that house three down, the blue one? bella lives there." i was starting to get a sinking feeling. so much of his life seemed wrapped up in bella and what she did. would he ever be happy for himself without her? was it even possible, or had he mentally committed to her and shut himself down? he must have noticed my expression. he let out a soft laugh and said, "come inside. let's talk about it more after a drink." i gave a small nod and we made our way through the front door. his house was nicely decorated, nothing over the top. he probably didn't make a ton of money doing what he did, but it was nice enough. it didn't seem like he would want for much. "what can i get you to drink, edward?" he smiled as he spoke, the most genuine smile i'd seen from him all night. "do you have any scotch?" "i think i have a bottle of macallan hiding, let me go check. you can have a seat in the living room, i'll be right back." i sat down on the couch and tried to steady my nerves. i had been with my ex for four long years. dating was a strange concept for me; i just wanted to meet a nice guy and have a family. "how do you take your scotch, edward?" jasper shouted from the kitchen. "just a little water, no ice." he came back with my glass and had a beer in his hand for himself. he sat on the opposite end of the couch, and i was glad that his invitation wasn't a ruse for a quickie. "so, how are we going to get the girls back?" we spent the next few hours planning our attack against bella and alice for ditching us. we also plowed through several more drinks each, jasper eventually switching to tequila. the conversation slowly shifted back to us and i learned more about jasper and his family. his parents had died a few years back in a car accident and he was an only child. he assured me repeatedly that although he was at one point in love with bella, he knew that there was no future there. he wasn't sure what he wanted from life, if he wanted kids or even to settle down, but he wasn't opposed to the idea if he found the right person, he said. he had a slight hopeful look in his eyes, as if he was hesitant only because he wasn't sure there was someone out there for him. it made me ache for him and realize how lucky i was that i had a whole family and support system in my life. after he got up for the next round of drinks, i sprawled out on his couch, my shoes somewhere on the ground. put my hands behind my head, i closed my eyes. i felt comfortable there with him. i must have dozed off for a moment, hearing a whispered "holy fuck," from jasper as his feet padded back into the room. i opened my eyes to see him looking down at me, my abs exposed from where my shirt had ridden up. "do you like, live at the gym, edward?" "thanks for the flattery, but no. i do try to go every morning, though." "me too, but trust me, my abs look nothing like that. scoot," he motioned with his hand. "i'm comfortable. i don't wanna." i gave him the trademark cullen pouty face. "alright, you asked for it." my eyes widened a bit. he licked his lips and there was nothing i could do anymore to prevent it, i strained against my pants, my cock instantly hard for him. he straddled my waist and brought his hands just under the hem of my shirt, resting them on the abs i had never been so fucking thankful for before. i closed my eyes and exhaled as i felt him slowly unbutton each button of my shirt, leaning his body over mine as he got closer to the top. once every button was undone, he ran his hands back down my chest and lowered his head to kiss each nipple, giving them a small flick of his tongue before moving on. "edward? open your eyes and look at me." i willed my eyes to fucking open already, and they did, at a snail's pace. i wasn't even sure what i was so afraid of. "edward, i don't want to go too far. i'm pretty drunk, and i'm sure that i want to remember my first time with you, but are you okay with this?" i laughed and his body shifted on top of mine, only serving as a reminder that there was a fucking hot man pressing against me. "yeah, now get the fuck up here and kiss me properly." he laid kisses his whole way up my abdomen and chest, stopping only to dip his tongue into my belly button briefly. once he was even with my face, he cupped my cheeks in his hands and started kissing me so softly i wasn't sure he was even doing anything. his feather light kisses thankfully grew in pressure and intensity and soon we were in a full on high school make out session. i had forgotten how nice it was to kiss and be kissed. running the calculations through my head, i realized it had been almost a year since i'd kissed anyone. my hips bucked up into jasper's and i felt him moan against my lips. i knew if we were going to stop, we needed to do it soon. he was too attractive, too sweet, too genuine to have our first time be sloppy drunk. he deserved better, and frankly, so did i. "jasper," i whispered, "please, jasper, you have to get up." "in case you can't tell, i am up." "not like that, you turbo perv. if you don't stop i won't be able to control myself, and much like you, i plan on remembering our first time together." at my words, he did stop. he huffed and sat up on the couch. i sat next to him and put my hand on his knee. "jasper, i really like you. do you think i could see you sometime?" he laughed. "i practically molest you on my couch and we talk about wanting to remember the first time we fuck, then you ask me out? we've got some things backwards here, i think..." i brought my hand to his face to give him a soft kiss. running my thumb over his cheekbone, i smiled. "jasper, i'm pretty drunk." "me too, edward, me too." "do you want me to call a cab?" "no, unless you're uncomfortable, you can just crash here. i keep the guest bedroom ready." "while i am uncomfortable," i stopped speaking to pointedly adjust my pants, "it has nothing to do with cabs or sleeping. i'm sure that i would rather crash in your guest bedroom than cab it home," i said with a quick wink. i saw a faint blush cross his cheeks. he led me to the room, stopping to make out with me a little more before we each said goodnight. was it a bad idea to wank in your future date's house as he slept? i promised myself that i'd keep it in my pants until the next day. who knew what the morning would bring. i drifted to sleep thinking about jasper. jasper. his name was melodic to my ears, and the way he said mine, oh god. i couldn't wait to hear him moan it in the throes of passion. i woke to chirping, and a dull throb in my head. sitting up, i rubbed my eyes with the palms of my hands. a glass of water, a bottle of tylenol, and a note sat on the nightstand. went for a quick run, back by . -j i looked at the clock and it was . i decided to take two tylenol and check my phone. it was a text from alice, asking if i wanted to go to breakfast. i texted her back asking when and where, wondering what jasper's plans for the day were. as soon as i set my phone back down, i heard him come through the front door. he appeared in the bedroom doorway, a panting, sweating mess. "hey," he smiled. oh dear god, he's a morning person, too. "good morning. thanks for the tylenol." i smiled. "you're welcome. i wasn't sure if you'd wake up feeling like i did or not," he said, laughing. "bella texted me while i was out running, she and alice wanted to grab breakfast. you want to join us?" i asked. "i'd love to. i actually got an invitation on my own from alice. is it okay if i walk over with you?" i wasn't sure how much from the night before jasper had really meant, to be honest. sometimes you get drunk and your hormones got the better of you; i understood, and wanted to let him off the hook easily if this was the case. he walked over to me and i could smell his salty sweat. i had to stop myself from licking his neck as he bent down. he gave me a soft kiss on the lips before speaking. "of course it's okay. you do still want that date, don't you? i was thinking maybe we could spend the day together?" my heart swelled. and when i say "my heart," i only halfway mean my cock. "of course i do. i just wasn't sure how much of last night was real and how much was a dream." he walked to the doorway and laughed, mumbling about dreams, before turning to look at me again. "i have to go get cleaned up. i think for the sake of arriving to breakfast on time, it's better if we take separate showers... this time." he laughed, then smiled at me. "do you need some clothes?" "hmm, yeah. can i borrow a shirt?" "of course," he said. "i'll bring you a few to choose from after my shower. there should be clean towels in the bathroom cabinet and toiletries and such in there, too. see you in a few." he turned and walked away, and i had to fight the urge to follow. he was right, though, if we wanted to be on time, we'd need to make it quick on our own. we each showered and i can't speak for jasper, but i know i couldn't keep my hands to myself. it had just been too much teasing and the sight of him all sweaty, knowing he was in the other bathroom soaping up his body... it was just too much. i got out and toweled off, putting my jeans back on, sans boxers, since commando would be fine. i opened the door to the bathroom to see if i could tell how far along jasper was in his shower, and i jumped. he was waiting outside the door with a few shirts. "fuck, edward," he said, shaking his head. "you look even better half naked in the light of day." he stood there, holding the shirts out for me. i picked a navy polo shirt; alice was always telling me that the dark blue brought out my green eyes. "thanks, jasper." i kissed his cheek and he wandered back to his bedroom, still muttering to himself. i put the shirt on, then went out into the living room to wait for him. when he came back out, i had a chance to notice what he had on. he was wearing jeans similar to what he had on the day before, with a tight fitting t-shirt and some black and white checked vans. i could see the "v" on his shirt, noting the brand name, and i laughed as i realized he was an amusing combination of designer duds with payless shoes. alice would have a field day with him. i stood up and he took my hand to lead me down the street to bella's house. i was nervous, i admit. alice had no clue i'd gone home with jasper and i wasn't sure what she would think about everything. hell, i didn't even know what to think about it yet, other than my excitement at our planned day together. i also had no clue how their night had gone; obviously alice stayed over, but what did that mean for the two of them? jasper knocked and bella opened the door shortly after, alice at her side. she looked completely and utterly shell shocked, but in a good way. the smile that spread across her face was one i hadn't seen before, since i had known her only a short period of time it was broad, but yet somehow soft, and completely genuine. she stepped aside and motioned for us to come in. "good morning, boys," she said with excitement in her eyes.
__label__non_math	1.0000	i am a medical oncologist with clinical and laboratory experience in cancer genetics. my research focuses on defining genetic factors that cause an increased susceptibility to cancer. my research team identified the most common mutation associated with an increased risk of breast and ovarian cancer among individuals of ashkenazi jewish ancestry. my mskcc colleagues and i also published the first prospective series describing the outcome of preventive ovarian surgery and screening in women at hereditary risk for breast and ovarian cancer. ongoing research is aimed at defining new genetic risk factors and tailored interventions for families at hereditary risk for cancers of the breast, ovary, colon, prostate, and lymphoid organs. i have served as a member of the national cancer institute's cancer genetics working group, chaired the subcommittee on cancer genetics of the american society of clinical oncology, and serve on a number of local and federal advisory committees dealing with cancer genetic testing and genomic risk profiling.
__label__non_math	0.9999	the investigational products core facility s mission is to ensure the quality and regulatory compliance of memorial sloan-kettering cancer center s clinical trials investigational products and investigational new drug ind applications, and to promote efficiency in our drug development projects, through a combination of advisory, project management, and quality assurance qa oversight services. the general scope of the facility s work is to: - develop and maintain institutional policies for preclinical investigational product development - provide quality management assurance that preclinical product development processes, activities, and the products themselves are in compliance with institutional policy and us food and drug administration fda regulation - provide technical and project management and qa oversight for investigational product projects through the preclinical development pipeline, beginning at the start of preclinical development up through the filing of the ind and concluding when all planned and necessary preclinical development studies, including stability, are completed services provided to the institution and principal investigators regulatory affairs advising and translational research planning to help memorial sloan-kettering investigators conceptualize and plan the development of a new drug or device for human clinical studies, we hold meetings to discuss the technology being developed and ideas for the clinical trial. we advise the investigator of the requirements for a successful ind application both logistical and regulatory covering pharmacology, toxicology, manufacturing, product characterization and testing, as well as the institutional review board irb protocol review and approval process. direction and management of investigational product preclinical development at the time an investigator commits to develop an investigational product, we help organize an appropriate internal drug development project team comprised of the inventor-investigator and his or her key scientists, leaders of select sloan-kettering institute core facilities, and clinical trial principal investigators. for some projects, we can provide formal project management services calling meetings; tracking agenda action items and their deadlines; and managing project resources of time, staffing, and budget . for all projects where we are involved, we advise on the required preclinical product development studies, and review and approve study protocols and completion reports. we direct the placement of preclinical development work to in-house laboratories whenever possible, and when an outside contract laboratory is needed, we help negotiate the terms and monitor the study conduct. investigational product qa oversight for product manufacturing including acceptance testing, we operate a comprehensive quality system for memorial sloan-kettering laboratories that includes good manufacturing practices gmp training, laboratory audits, approval of laboratory standard operating procedures sops and manufacturing master batch records, and independent review of completed product manufacturing records. for other preclinical product development work, we approve study protocols and reports, monitor the conduct of complex studies, and perform qa review of the study raw data. ind application writing assistance and qa review we provide organization and writing services for ind applications, covering sections other than the irb protocol and informed consent documents. for the memorial sloan-kettering ind committee, we review the ind applications for accuracy and completeness and for agreement among the irb protocol, other sections of the application, and the laboratory manufacturing information. we work with the investigator and laboratories to finalize the ind application prior to its being submitted to the fda. this is a function that is handled by the ind office in the office of clinical research, with whom we have a very close working relationship. ind life cycle management from the time an ind application is submitted to the fda until the ind s final clinical trial is completed, we provide additional organizational, scientific, and regulatory management services, including the following: - coordinating the answering of fda review questions, and qa-tracking the completeness and correctness of our responses - maintaining stability protocols and reports for the active ingredients and final products, including prompting laboratories what testing is required, and when - tracking through a change control process all amendments to fda-cleared ind applications, such as new protocols or manufacturing process changes - maintaining up-to-date versions of word processing files for our ind applications and amendments
__label__non_math	0.9999	this article was originally distributed via prweb. prweb, worldnow and this site make no warranties or representations in connection therewith. internet review site health research news, has launched a new comprehensive review on the leptiburn weight loss supplement after the fda issued a warning on foreign diet pills which may potentially cause serious health risks among users. ft. worth prweb after the fda issued an official warning, cautioning those who consider using foreign diet pills, bio trust review has announced a new free informational review on the leptiburn weight loss supplement, an all natural product that many are considering to reach their weight loss goals. the new review is designed to help people see the ways in which safe and all natural diet and weight loss supplements can deliver powerful weight loss results without dangerous side effects. with this new review, health research news provides the insight into this weight loss supplement and answers common questions on its effectiveness so the many people considering turning to this supplement instead of foreign diet pills can get the real inside information into how it works. the new announcement from the fda revealed many people working towards their weight loss goals are looking for ways to get over weight loss plateaus turning to these foreign diet pills to find the success they are looking for. however, reports have shown that these pills can cause stroke, heart attack or even death. to help the many dieters considering this product instead of dangerous diet pills, has created a comprehensive review not only on the actual leptiburn product but insight into ordering information, and things such as ease of use and results that real users have gotten as well. the review on the all natural weight loss supplement leptiburn has launched on the company website and is currently available to any interested individual looking for real facts on how an all natural weight loss supplement can help them. the new review has launched at for more information on the leptiburn product and other product reviews from health research news, visit for the original version on prweb visit:
__label__non_math	1.0000	expressive and stylish performances from the upcoming american artist robert gruca cheers for robert gruca phil muse, audio society of atlanta january arrangements by david russell, william kanengiser and robert gruca. when george frideric handel died in england at the age of seventy-four, three thousand mourners gathered at westminster abbey to mark his passing. in , a group of handel s admirers commemorated the centenary of his birth albeit one year early with a grand performance of handel s work at westminster abbey, thus beginning a long tradition of yearly gatherings for performances to honor the man who was described by beethoven as the greatest composer that ever lived. handel was born in germany to a sixty-three year old barber-surgeon and his second wife. from an early age, handel pursued music despite his father s desire that his son enter into the more practical field of civil law. handel s early love of music is illustrated in stories of handel sneaking a small clavichord into his attic room to play while his parents slept below, or a young handel chasing his father s carriage in order to accompany him to weissenfels where the boy had free access to harpsichords and organs. it was the duke of saxe-weissenfels who, having overheard handel playing the organ, ultimately succeeded in convincing handel s father to allow the boy to pursue his musical education. during the course of his life, handel traveled widely and was exposed to and instructed in the music of italy, france, germany and england. he ultimately settled in england becoming a naturalized english citizen in and remaining there until his death. robert gruca is a gifted guitarist who performs a wide range of solo, chamber and orchestral music from the classical guitar repertoire. an engaging performer who brings passion and artistry to his performances, gruca has appeared with the cleveland orchestra in gustav mahler s symphony no.under the direction of franz welser-m st, as well as kurt weill s little threepenny music, igor stravinsky s le rossignol under the baton of pierre boulez and howard shore s lord of the rings symphony with the composer conducting. known for expressive and nuanced musical interpretations and an extraordinary technical command of the instrument, he has received numerous awards, including first prizes in the columbus state guitar symposium competition, appalachian state guitar festival competition and east carolina university guitar festival competition. gruca received a master of music degree at the cleveland institute of music, where he studied with john holmquist and jason vieaux. he has participated in master classes with numerous prominent guitarists, including david russell, sergio and odair assad and the los angeles guitar quartet. gruca released a cd in of works by johann sebastian bach, dusan bogdanovic, roloand dyens, nakita koshkins, joaqu n rodrigo and franz schubert. george frideric handel sonata in a minor, op., no., hwv 362 originally recorder sonata in a minor, op. suite no.in d major, hwv 441 originally harpsichord suite no.in g major gavotte with variations suite no.in d minor, hwv 432 originally harpsichord suite no.in g minor
__label__non_math	0.9995	with a few smart steps before, during and after the ceremony, you ll ensure your bank account will remain as strong as your love for each other. tip : strive to come in under-budget set a budget and stick to it or better yet, come in below it. start out the wedding-planning process with a set budget for all major expenses such as food, music, wedding attire, flowers and the cake. but don t forget about all the little expenses that can add up too. for example, tips for services that the dj, drivers, hairstylist and bartenders provide can add up to hundreds or even thousands of dollars. remembering all the details and giving yourself a little financial wiggle room should something be overlooked is a wise decision. tip : wedding insurance equals peace of mind insurance for a wedding? it s something many have not heard of until planning a wedding, but it should be a priority because it protects your investment should something unexpected occur. according to wedsafe wedding insurance, a leading insurance program dedicated exclusively to weddings, there are two types of wedding insurance to consider: first, cancellation postponement insurance can offer financial reimbursement for unexpected events that force cancellation or postponement, such as an illness, military deportation or sudden unemployment. it also brings peace of mind during economic uncertainty when many vendors suddenly go out of business. for example, it s unfortunate but far from rare for a wedding venue or photographer to go out of business and not return the deposit to the now unhappy couple. this can amount to thousands of dollars. with cancellation postponement insurance, the wedding host has financial protection against lost deposits from no-show or bankrupt vendors. real wedding mishaps can occur, and wedding insurance offers protection. second, liability insurance can provide protection if an injury occurs or property is damaged and responsibility for the incident is placed on the host as legally liable. for example, someone slips on a spill and breaks their hip, or perhaps someone has a few too many cocktails and gets into a car accident. many venues today require that the host purchase coverage. for more information about wedding insurance and to get an instant quote, visit tip : get all fees in writing staying organized when planning a wedding can be complicated, but keeping track of all those long contracts can come in handy should there be discrepancies regarding extra fees come payment time. didn t know the reception site was charging you a cake-cutting fee? reference your contracts and if there are any issues, you can address it with the vendor. forgotten fees can accumulate fast, and by getting everything in writing and staying organized, you ll be sure you don t get burned. tip : plan ahead and pay bills on time once your big day arrives, all your bills should be paid in full. check contracts and be sure to understand payment agreements so that you don t get hit with any late fees. for many couples, credit cards will be used to streamline the payment process, but don t forget when your monthly payment is due and strive to pay it in full. this is especially important for couples leaving for extended periods of time for a honeymoon you d hate to come back to a pile of late fees because you didn t plan ahead on payments that may be due when you re gone.
__label__non_math	0.9761	syncros ds-disc rims: true track technology: elongated sleeved joint improves rim strength. bead lock system: machined grooves in rim bead designed for improved tire retention in low pressure situations... strengths: light weight, for intended am trail use. strong. build up nice. white is nice. weaknesses: if you don't plan ahead, standard valve stems are short and kinda hard to get to. i've used these for a little over a year, all seasons. tires as thin as a true .and as wide as kenda and maxxis .large volume tires fork won't take much bigger tire . ridden heavy xc and some light dh, in a glacial region, so i've hit a few large rocks. these are, by far, the best rims i've used. i've run bontrager, mavic, sun ringle and specialized, these are head and shoulders above those rims. i don't run tubeless. the wells are deep, which would make mounting a tubeless tire easy. i don't even know if they are tubeless, btw. i do buy 50mm or so valve stem tubes, they are the same price, just have to ask for them. had to do a touch up true once after they were built and once about months ago. i had a sound coming from the back wheel so i rebuilt the hub hope's are sooo nice and found it wasn't the hub after a short ride. it was the spokes. i was able to get almost a full turn out of all of them. i had it in the truing stand and it was off by maybe 2mm similar products used: mavic am rims, bontrager mustangs generations , sun rhyno, specialized 25mm rims bike setup: depends, cotic bfe hardtail. mix of hope, race face, dmr, xtr. or santa cruz chameleon hardtail. mix of avid, hope, xtr, race face, kore. rims are laced to blue hope pro evo hubs, dt comp db spokes in black w alloy nipples grams. date reviewed: strengths: strength, weight, durability....should i go on. weaknesses: the matte white is a chore to keep clean...but it is a f mtb right. i have close to years on this rim with i9 doing a custom build to for me. trued once. period. i am a bbi trained tech. i raced bmx and dh for years but i don't case things or major huck. this have ridden of pisgah, dupont, and even been thrown on my dh bike for some random se races. i have run them tubeless with stans 25mm tape as well but i had to wrap twice. i run tubes of the time and have had maybe flats total in those years. mostly from poor tire pressure. this is a solid rim that is am rated and it performs flawlessly in the class it is rated in strengths: strength to weight. spoke holes eyeletted. width. weaknesses: rim has grooves to bite into tire sidewall and prevent rotation under low pressure. i chose this rim because a few of my friends use them for am dh. it is extra stiff for 545g. as a front this rim lasted just over months. having raced dh, hit some ft drops and ft doubbles the ds28 seemed like just the right strength to weight for me, untill i bent it in half. 10ft to flat was too much. i suggest use for am or light freeride not downhill. this rim did eat holes around the bead of my tire -chili for overall and it's one of the worst tacos i've seen -overall i picked it up off, but for msrp you can get a stronger rim that wont shew your tires up -for value good rim if you get a deal. i don't know how they last for dh? strengths: these are good rims weaknesses: the wheels don't lend well to a tubless conversion - i think because of the true track. if you're okay with tubes - this is a winner. the white matt finish looks great when new, but next to impossible to keep clean - could use a gloss finish. the flat outter part of the bead intended to reduce pinch flats when using low pressure doesn't work with smaller tires . if you're a freerider who's okay with tubes these are a great value. they'll hold a very large tire at low pressures very well, but not so good using low pressure on smaller size tires. i weight 210 and ride very aggressive xc times a week. i'll sometimes use a .panaracer xc fire pro tire on the rear a preference at home and if not the proper pressure, it will pinch flat. i'm no pro or racer, and not nimble either. where most may pick and choose their way through a rock garden, i'll plow through it at speed like a herd of elephants and let my suspension do the work. i'd stick with these a little longer, but i want to go tubless and stand's came out with the ztr arch in white. so i'm gonna order a set of those and have them laced in place if these syncros. to the designers at syncos if you read this : this is a great rim. change the white to gloss and get rid of the true track so they can be converted to tubless . what ever you're doing to achieve ridity and metal hardness at this cost factor, don't change it. bottom line is these have an incredible stiffness to weight ratio. white matt finish is hard to clean. not a good tubless conversion candidate. very low value a weekend warrior date reviewed: strengths: very light, look good, tires mount easily. weaknesses: these rims are soft and don't hold up to abuse. i bought these for downhill use, which is likely not what they are intened for. the seem to dent and flatspot easily even running higher pressure. also they don't seem to work well running tubeless with stans strips. the beads don't hold the tires well and i get random unexplained flats. i've run tubeless for years on various different rims, these are the first rims that i've had issues with. they would be a great rim for all mountain use, but not much more than that. similar products used: sun singletrack, mavic 721, mavic 729, alex supra d a weekend warrior date reviewed: strengths: strong and light, 545g, in the same ballpark as dt-swiss .1d rims, oh, and they're strong weaknesses: bead lock might hinder a tubeless conversion... these rims are great. they work so well also, the pro2 hubs are awesome that i kept the wheels when i sold my previous bike and they are now on my khyber. i pinch flatted the rear tire at the bottom of velocity at mammoth, and had too much speed to slow down enough before the drop step-down at the end of the trail. still went about feet down off of the launch then rolled down the rest of the rocky landing and i got one flat spot about .cm long. i bottomed pretty hard too still on my jamis dakar xlt back then . great rim. similar products used: wtb dual duty, wtb speed disc, alex supra bh bike setup: mongoose khyber elite, sysncros ds-rims laced to hope pro2 hubs, x9 drivetrain, stylo cranks date reviewed: strengths: amazingly strong, light and pretty. the deep rim looks great, and these rims hold up to everything i've done weaknesses: i didn't get the white ones. buy it, ride it, love it a weekend warrior date reviewed: strengths: this is an update to my previous review. i feel that the abuse i've been giving these hoops warrants an update. still holding up amazingly well. i have been dh'ing on them and they remain round and true. i'm replacing them with 729's for dh only because i have the new rims figuring the ds28's would have not held up to the abuse they have seen weaknesses: tacky graphics, but they peeled off. i have got better at using regular length presta tubes in these tall rims. strong, relatively light, and cheap maybe kb was wrong. similar products used: dt ., rhino lites, etc... bike setup: turner rfx a cross country rider date reviewed: strengths: strong and wide. easy to get tires on and off. weaknesses: a very tall rim it can be hard to find tubes with a long enough valve i use these wheels for trips to the mountains, moab, and a weeks worth of lift riding. they have held up very well under my 220 gear. i use a 20mm through axle on the front and this setup steers very well in the rocks.
__label__non_math	0.9792	the schwalbe hans dampf was designed to take any rider to any and every part of the mountain. the tread pattern was designed as an all condition tire which makes it useful in dry loose terrain to wet rooty and rocky terrain. the all condition s mountain-bike tire, are tubeless ready with a non-directional tread pattern, and uses their tough snakeskin sidewalls, and was designed for dry and loose or wet and rooty and rocky terrain. the tires use their triple star rubber compound design, specifically the trailstar version high performance trail ride compound . i have been thrashing a set of hans dampf s, which roughly translates to jack-of-all-trades , on and off for six months, and they re a good all around tire with excellent durability. continue reading strengths: grip, hold, confidence inspiring. beastly meaty tires that make everything else look like they came off a toys-r-us bike weaknesses: slow roll, not terrible though, rear tire wears fast. although worth it. biggest meanest tires that are extremely predictable and basically dh tires on your enduro trail xc bike. ill log a mile ride on these -times a week so the weight isnt enough to stop me from using these tires. mini dirtbike tires is what i call em. strengths: it's a tractor. it rolls over everything, even at high pressure. climbs great. weaknesses: its cornering is horrible. washing out leaning the bike because i'm used to specialized butchers and maxxis minions and even the kenda small block 8s. none of those tires wash out like this does. found it climbs better than descends. since i ride a 160mm travel bike to go downhill, not really ideal. oh yeah, and of course it's expensive. one of my riding buddies looooves this tire. so i picked one up while the shop was having a discount to give it a try. this tire was not confidence inspiring. it's great if you're not going to corner at speed and lean the bike, at least in the sand and hardpack. it just slides out, even on uphill switchbacks. played with various air pressure settings, but nothing particularly made me keep this tire on my bike and put the butcher back on the front. strengths: great traction in many conditions. side knobs are well supported by the sidewall and give superior cornering performance. rolling resistance is pretty good for such a capable tire and the rounded profile has no gaps or vague areas when transitioning from center to side knobs. rubber compound is soft and grippy, oh so grippy. weaknesses: knobs undercut fairly quickly trail star compound so i am going to try running the pace star version on the rear this season to see if i can get a bit longer life out of a pair. and since they're schwalbes they're costly. it's hard to give a quick-wearing expensive tire chilis. these dampfs are impressive. i ride the 29er version and they are my current favorite tire. with a beefier-than-normal sidewall they greatly reduce the feel of "pinging" off rocks and roots, the tire stays planted. grip on all types of terrain is exceptional and confidence-inspiring. tubeless setup was painless on my wheelsets. ridden extensively in utah desert and alpine zones, whistler and winter park bike parks. strengths: trail star version grips really really well on just about every trail surface that exists in utah regardless of the lean angle that was before of the outside cornering knobs started to tear off at the base , the pace star version rolls extremely well but does not have any where near the same grip as the slower rolling trail star compound weaknesses: expensive, extremely low durability trail star version was toast as of the outside cornering knobs were tearing off after only -months on front, and i noticed that the pace star version i bought to replace it has a lot of chunks missing from various knobs after about month of use in the front , i have tried both the pacestar and trailstar versions of this tire. the two versions are completely different animals. when new the trail star version was one of my all time favorite front tires grips like crazy every where, but unfortunately after -months of ridding solely as a front tire i noticed it started to get squirmy when leaned over hard on the outside knobs. i discovered that most of the outside cornering knobs like of them were torn away from the casting at the base of the knob. i also noticed that some of the intermediate and center knobs were also starting to tear away to a lesser degree. i replaced it with a pace star version of the same tire and while it rolled much better it did not have any where close to the same traction. the only condition where it really hooked up was really loose dusty conditions. on hard pack or a little loose over hard it was pretty sketchy. i also noticed lots of small chunks missing from various knobs after only month of use as a front tire. to sum it up while the trail star version rocked when it was new this is the most expensive and least durable tire that i have ever used similar products used: kenda nevegal ., .dtc , kenda excavator .dtc , maxis high roller .60a , specalized enduro .ust , specalized escar .controol , continental trailking .black chili ust , wtb weirwolf .comp bike setup: 160mm trail bike a all mountain rider date reviewed: strengths: great tracking and stability, great grip in both dry, muddy, and wet condition. do'nt understad some reviewers who says that the tyre wet abilities are bad. i absolutely love this tyre. handles really well all of what i encounter on local trails such as slick rocks, sharp rocks, loamy ground, rock gardens, rock stairs, wooden foot bridges, roots. one big difference from previous fron tire nobby nick is that i can decend steep technical parts just by braking my way down, this on parts were i earlier had to climb off my bike and walk, even in wet conditions i just point and shoot. for my kind of riding these are the best iv'e tried so far.. weaknesses: some mention rolling resistance but i don't know. okay they are a bit hevier at 765g, and don't roll as easy as the nobby's but they on the other hand offered no traction at all so i praise grip more over light rolling so i really do not see this as negative. my guess is if you had a grippy mounted before the you would not notice any difference switching to hd's i use the evo trailstar compound with snakeskin side wall protection. paid at bikes-discount.de tried a nobby nick pacestar ." as front before and that was more or less dange used this tire for almost two months now doing some 200km riding in all from dust dry to flowing wet and muddy conditions and it never let me down so far. some people talk a bout premature wear and knobs falling of leaving only the casing but i se no signs of wear so far. used my nevegal as front for a short time and it never felt good safe. a bit unpredictable, how ever strangely the nevegal is crazy good as rear tyre, can climb almost all i ever give a try. similar products used: kenda nevegal stick-e ." schwalbe nobby nick ." pacestar maxxis larsen tt ." bike setup: ibis mojo carbon 140mm travel front rear. 75kg rider weight and about .-12kg bike weight hans dampf ." trailstar -psi .-.bar up in front kenda nevegal stick-e .on rear wheel at -psi strengths: strong sidewalls, works ok in all conditions, predictable, consistent, great slow speed tire weaknesses: terrible in the wet, master of none, doesn't like aggressive cornering, clears mud poorly, rolls slow and noisy, the faster you go the less the tire grips i just wanted to leave some honest thoughts about this tire since it is getting such rave reviews. i have it mounted to a 150mm am bike, lots of rocks, loose over hard, roots wooden structures, etc the tire is very much like a nevegal in my experience-predictable, consistent, and boring...with a drop in performance as the speeds go up. however the nevegal is less than half the price... i have tried the tire from -35psi and just find that although the drift point is very predictable, it's much earlier than some other tires doesn't like heavy lean angles and it doesn't handle high speed very well. it is excellent in slow speed rocky tech terrain, probably because of the massive strong lugs. i would highlight the predictability, it never offers any surprises which some people will really like justifiably so but for aggressive am riding it just doesn't hit the mark imo overall i think this is a great alternative to the aging nevegal, and would work great for beginners, or on a bike trip where an unknown set of trail conditions will be encountered. however at the price i feel the tire isn't worth it, if it was the same price as a nevegal i'd give it four stars all around strengths: seems to be a durable tire. rolls well for it's size and weight. weaknesses: the performance compound .model i tested had very little grip on dry sierra ca. rock. on wet rock the tires slid in a bad way. the rounded profile combined with tightly spaced knobs doesn't corner well on dry powdery stuff. this would be a good tire for a very average joe who doesn't push the limits. this tire would be a fair choice if you ride on very grippy rock like bootleg canyon or parts of hawaii. for a very agressive rider who needs a tire that has sidewall protection and a reasonable weight look elsewhere. strengths: fantastic grip in all sorts of conditions. mount tubeless very easily. weaknesses: price. construction. wear. bought these last year when they first came out and have been running them front and back on my mojo. basically this makes a great front tire and a not so great rear. wears very fast for a tire. i split time between three bikes and i did not get even a full year out of the rear. and know that these run huge for their size, so know your clearances in the rear. as a rear they are great for traction, even wet roots or moondust on hardpack but the tradeoff is super-soft rubber. and they don't just wear down the knobs kinda start tearing at the base right away, not just from breaking because they tear in all directions. also the first one they sent me had a huge sidewall defect but schwalbe was great sending a replacement. a all mountain rider date reviewed: strengths: this tire rocks. it sticks like velcro to loose gravel over hard pack, mud, roots, and chunky rutty wasteland. this tire is very predictable and loves to be shoved into the turns. it took me a couple rides to get used to how far these tires lean before letting go. once i did, these tires really came alive. when they do let go, it's no big deal. they slide. they recover. they beg for more. weaknesses: after a month, they don't seem to be wearing too quickly, but i will need to keep an eye out. they seem to roll a bit slower than my previous set up, but it is not too big a deal. they main problem is the price. the price point is just outrageous. that said, the price is not a deal breaker. overall, these are great confidence inspiring tires.try these tires if you ride a wide range of terrian and want to be ready for anything. bike setup: santa cruz bltc with an x0 drive train and brakes, rolling i9 all mountain wheels a all mountain rider date reviewed: strengths: great grip in all of the conditions i tend to ride in, which is mostly dry- being that it doesn't rain much here in socal. huge volume, these work great tubeless with low pressures. i've never managed to burp them and i run around psi and hit some decent sized jumps, drops and rocks. these grip well and when they start to slide they're very predictable, unlike the nevegals i replaced. the softer trailstar compound is a great front tire, but wears very fast on the rear. i recommend the hard compound pacestar for the rear. these are huge for a .by the way, pretty much the same size as a .dh casing nevegal and kenda tends to run large already weaknesses: pretty expensive compared to the kendas i used to run, but if you can find a good deal on them they aren't too bad. msrp is a joke... almost per tire?? the trailstar compound wears out very fast when used as a rear tire. after a month and a half of riding my rear tire didn't have any intermediate knobs left and the side knobs wear tearing away from the tire. i switched to the harder compound pacestar in the rear and it's holding up well. great tires, my favorite so far. very predictable which is incredibly important in my book. if you can afford them, give 'em a go similar products used: kenda nevegal, small block8, maxxis ignitor, etc. bike setup: santa cruz nomad c, set up relatively beefy for the more dh side of all-mountain. a weekend warrior date reviewed: strengths: great traction in light mud, loose gravel, wet roots, hard pack, you name it. very predictable and gradual slip when at the limit or in heavier mud. very large volume, work well at low psi. a great all mountain tire. weaknesses: a bit stiff ridding due to stiff sidewalls, required an air compressor to mount on ust rims. price is painful. i was looking for a summer and winter tire for the northwest weather and may have found it. very impressive traction in all conditions, wet and dry. i know they made the sidewalls heavy duty so as to not tear, but these are stiff and require the lower psi to get a decent ride. they replaced a set of mountain kings - .and .ust and the kings rode much better at higher psi settings, but had no where near the traction in steep turns caused drifting early and were dangerous and unpredictable in any kind of mud. note: i weigh 180 lbs.
__label__non_math	0.9949	photo by doug schnitzspahn in an instant, mike medberry went from being one of craters of the moon s biggest defenders to begging to be rescued from its grip. while on a walk through the desolate national monument east of carey years ago, medberry was taken down by a stroke, without warning, immobile in the lava rock and without any companion in sight. the conservationist spent the next decade resetting his inner compass, defining new pathways to his memory and discovering his will. the freelance writer recently completed his memoir, on the dark side of the moon, which he will discuss thursday, dec. , at the community library in ketchum at p.m., with books provided by chapter one bookstore. he answered a few questions from the idaho mountain express before the event. ime: who did you write this for? i wrote it for myself, naturally. but i hope that it may be useful to others. every book is written first for its author and then for other readers. we are all looking for ourselves when we write. think of ernest hemingway s in our time as he is writing about his war experiences and bull fighting. that is an early book and i think it is his best. why? because it is damned honest. he wrote it for himself as a man who was seeking to understand the war, its brutality, women, and bravery. or think of carole king s recent autobiography. it is a depiction of her career, but it tells of difficult things in her life that she overcame. these things are an inspiration for me and they are why i consider carole s book a good one. my book is about recovering from a stroke and seeing that the land at craters is also recovering from abuse, both the obvious volcanism and the less obvious human-created damage. i have written the book for myself and any other people who can relate to what i ve written. it is not for everybody and i wouldn t expect it to appeal to everyone. on the dark side of the moon is about finding recovery in a world that may seem bleak and dark, but when you really look at it there is beauty and wonder across all of life. there are two sides of the moon this is definitely an homage to craters, which you describe in romantic detail. you, through the idaho conservation league, worked hard to get it seen as you saw it, and then, at the critical juncture, you are taken out of the picture. what was happening behind the scenes for the monument? the monument was expanded by president bill clinton while i was recovering from my stroke and that went the way that interior secretary bruce babbitt had negotiated on it. there wasn t really a triumphant moment because the management of craters of the moon was spread out over many years. the university of idaho had put out a study of management of the area in about as several possibilities, one of which was the national monument, another was a national conservation area and a third was a national preserve. idaho governor evans had sent a letter about craters to bruce babbitt in stating the values of craters that made it qualified as a larger national monument. when babbitt saw an opportunity to expand craters of the moon as a political boon that might help advance vice president al gore to the presidency, he recommended it to president clinton and they did it. clinton designated the monument after a number of hearings and meetings between ranchers and the department of interior. then, rep. mike simpson changed the national monument to a national monument and preserve in successful legislation. that was the right decision to manage craters in the way that president clinton had proclaimed. no one challenged simpson s legislation and it was a stronger way, ultimately, to protect craters because it represented a wider spectrum of supporters. i was only a small part in that evolution and it took my trips into craters to realize that this was the truth. ranchers aren t as bad as they once seemed to you the need for compromise and listening better seems to have been pushed to the front of your thinking. you didn t lose your passion, you just seem to have a different fairness. is that true? yes, i ve gained compassion but haven t lost my passion. when we speak about cattle ranching, i still think more about buffalo. when we think about domestic sheep, i think about bighorns and pronghorns. i ve always liked ranchers; they re some of the most interesting and educated people i know. and really, ranchers know more about the wild country than most other people who don t live or go out to wild places. we ve always been kindred spirits, in my opinion. but there is a lot of room for listening to and compromising on our opinions. what has changed in me is that i feel more compelled to hear what is at the root of differences among people. i understand that each person brings her or himself into the debates. as an example, i don t think that wolves are a problem for you or sheep a problem for me to fix, because, in this human world, it is all of us who have to fix everything that we collectively believe in. and we each believe in different things, which means that we all have to compromise some. we are all such a bundle of contradictions and misunderstandings now that you have mostly recovered, are there things you re doing differently? i take one small, coated aspirin once a day, religiously. i ve come to like myself and that implies that living life as if every moment might be my last is ok by me. it s reality. when i laid out in craters on a piece of lava with the sun going down i lived by the second. it was intense living. i ve become confident about knowing what i can accomplish and it is much less than it used to be because i m more realistic. what s next for you, for craters? a regular job would be nice, i suppose also, i would love to see the wilderness study areas in the monument be protected permanently as wilderness and others be released for some appropriate development. meet the author who: mike medberry, author of on the dark side of the moon. when: thursday, dec. , at p.m. where: the community library in ketchum. extras: craters of the moon is open through winter with snowshoeing, skiing and other adventures. check with
__label__non_math	0.8581	are there a lot of fordor sedans stills around? i would like to find out more about them. there do not seem to be many fordor's, but there are a lot of tudor's. are there wood blueprints diagrams that can be bought? i would like to see more photographs of restoration and completed fordor's.... please post more photo's. don booth has mine in pieces right now. didn't see don's earlier thread. he beat me by an hour or so ; go to the fordwood.com website. they fabricate wood structure body kits for model t's. they have some drawings of the -t fourdoor sedan body wood that will give you a good idea of what you will need for the fourdoor body. ford body parts book picture, you can get this booklet reprint from t vendors, new car sales brochure ford, leon parker sells car wood plans. daniel - there are lots of ' 'fordors around. the thing is they're not seen as often as more desirable body styles like tourings, roadsters etc. further, they are harder to restore than other body styles due to the amount of complex wood work often required. in addition, because they are so heavy, they do not perform as well as the lighter body types. my 'fordor weighs pounds, lots more than a touring that maybe weighs pounds. our fordor was our first t and we used to take it on lots of national tours. with people in it and no ruckstell, it is really slow on hills. i spent lots of time in low gear but we always made it. there was a thread back in on how to identify where a fordor was built: go to hap's entry on for a picture of the body stamping showing where that body was made. it shows "hp" for highland park, and the digit body number. this is stamped between the left front door sill and the hand brake lever hole. daniel, the top picture is looking at the bottom tack strip from behind the front seat what is left of it . the bottom picture is the top tack strip. sorry, i posted the above pictures on the wrong thread. oh well you aren't the first i've disappointed....
__label__non_math	1.0000	the mtr's beijing, shanghai and guangdong lines offer you a choice of conveniently timed intercity through trains between hong kong and the mainland. if you are travelling to or from hung hom and guangzhou east, you can choose and minutes and round trips of them stop at dongguan changping . one of the services calls at foshan and terminates at zhaoqing, a total journey time of about hours. through trains to and from beijing west and shanghai run from hung hom on alternate days. their respective journey times are approximately .hours beijing and .hours shanghai . for more information, please click here.
__label__non_math	0.9992	voice mail service is available for purchase by all students. voice mail gives students their own personal voice mailbox to answer incoming calls when they are on another line or unavailable. this mailbox makes it easy to store and record messages with technology that is superior to that of an ordinary answering machine. voice mail is billed through the star1 long distance system, and can also be combined with caller id, if desired. to request voice mail service, a telecommunication services order form must be completed and signed. forms are available in the telecommunications building, room 200, at the business office's cashier windows located in the cope administration building, or by clicking the link below.
__label__non_math	1.0000	- bs business administration in his career as a venture capitalist, john rockwell frequently draws on the knowledge he gained in his courses at the school of business and economics. he said that he picked up one of his most valuable business skills not in the classroom but on the ice. i came to michigan tech on a hockey scholarship, said rockwell, who lives in silicon valley. i was one of twenty-six guys on a team. we all made contributions, and when we worked together we could do some great things. that same principle is true in the business world, too. i enjoy working with companies as a member of their team, helping them develop into great businesses. rockwell, who has more than twenty-three years of financial investment experience, currently serves as managing director of element partners, a private equity firm that invests in high-growth companies offering innovative solutions to global energy, resource, and environmental problems. "e company, which is part of the draper fisher jurvetson global venture capital network, has offices in menlo park, california, and philadelphia. since , element s team has successfully managed more than .billion in capital commitments in partnerships focused on investing in and profitably growing energy, industrial, and environment-related businesses. along with providing funding for pioneering companies in the field of clean technology, rockwell provides strategic insights and industry contacts to help businesses grow. my goal is to build companies that are the best in their niche, he said. rockwell considered a career in chemical engineering before transferring to the school of business and economics for his undergraduate degree. he went on to earn an mba from the carlson school of management at the university of minnesota. i realized that i wanted to work with people, he said of the switch from engineering to business. before joining element partners, rockwell served as a partner at advent international corporation, invested and managed early-stage companies with materia ventures associates, and held various positions in 3m corporation s acquisitions and business development. during his time at materia, rockwell scored a huge success as ceo of luxar corporation. when he took the helm of the medical laser manufacturing firm, the struggling company was valued at 130 million. with millions of dollars on the table every time rockwell does a deal, he s looking for dynamic entrepreneurs who are offering new ways to solve problems. of every ,000 business plans that come across his desk, rockwell will choose to invest in just a couple of them. i m looking for entrepreneurs who are really passionate, he said, and i like to work with people who have good leadership characteristics. it s also important to be good at what you do on the technical side and also have a business perspective. as the clean tech field continues to expand, rockwell expects the opportunities for investment to grow as well. that s an exciting prospect for an investor who loves the fast-paced nature of his work. the typical venture capitalist does about three deals every two years, rockwell said. i like to be on six deals at a time, and i m usually doing even more. for more information about element partners, visit elementpartners.com.
__label__non_math	1.0000	you ve been laboring over your footage in the campus editing lab all year long. here s your chance to turn those memory cards into clips on mtvu. upload and browse content on our vimeo group now. in the fall, enter your work in the college television awards. roll out the red carpet and say hello to hollywood.
__label__non_math	1.0000	on thu, - :by tredrisonnast fantastic show and f chuck ..the band sounded great tla was a great place to see a show. come back to philly soon ..got to go soft pretzel next time on mon, - :by harbs1969 great f n show on mon, - : on mon, - :by deluxmary2000 just got back from the show it was great on mon, - :by milo wish i could attend lads on sun, - :by bulldog so looking forward to this show on sun, - :by carol wow you will be in the states grand on thu, - :by marylove90 yayayayayayay on sat, - :by mobisi on sun, - :by alice4hatter
__label__non_math	1.0000	reporting errors and omissions we would appreciate your help to ensure that the content on our website is accurate and up-to-date. if you discover an error or omission on this specific page, please let us know about it. we would like to know about broken links, errors in the html code, missing information, or factual inaccuracies in the content. each page on this website includes a link to a form for submitting changes. to file your error report, type the details below and hit send.
__label__non_math	0.8902	the faculty of science is embarking on an exciting new era of enrolment growth and research intensity. these exciting changes come with an variety of challenges that we hope to address with the genrosity of our alumni and friends. we have identified significant areas of need that require additional resources to allow for the continued growth of the school in the coming years. we are excited to share with you our priorities and hope you will enjoy learning how you can make a difference. thank you for taking the time to learn about enhancing science education and research in newfoundland and labrador. if you would like to support the faculty of science or have any questions about giving, please contact: development officer, faculty of science memorial university of newfoundland st. john's, nl canada a1c 5s7 tel. 709 864- fax. 709 864-
__label__non_math	0.9994	james and mark murphy opened the niagara falls murphy's music in . the idea for the business stemmed it started as a small business renting sound and lighting equipment to local acts and eventually evolved into the most prominent music store in the niagara region. one of the nicest things about murphy's music is that mark and james are not only the owners but the salesmen as well. this allows returning customers to be greeted by a familiar face making the experience that much more enjoyable. another great thing about murphy's music is that they are a one stop shop for all your music needs. they not only sell the best guitars, amps, drums, keyboards and speakers, but also provide a variety of music services. these amazing services include instrument sales sound and lighting rentals, trade-ins and financing options.
__label__non_math	1.0000	- about the murray - history stories - education info - river management - real estate - boating marinas - log on blanchetown houseboats and houseboat hire houseboat hire and holidays blanchetown welcome to your houseboat holiday on the murray river at blanchetown, south australia. hiring a houseboat can be fun all year round for families, groups and couples. basing yourself at blanchetown allows you to take in some spectacular scenery, wide open river and historic spots all little over hour from adelaide through the gateway of the barossa valley. pull up at the blanchtown riverfront and experience lock the first built on the murray river and call in at the blanchetown hotel on the hill. stock up on your supplies and then head up river to morgan and cadell. alternatively you can head down river to swan reach and enjoy the serenity, spectacular riverscapes all for yourself. while in blanchetown you can enjoy the cellar door of burks salters a family owned and award-winning local winery. houseboats available for hire in blanchetown: quality houseboats fleet griffens marina blanchetown fleet blanchetown houseboats: did you find a houseboat in blanchetown that you're interested in? you can search our collection of blanchetown houseboats and more with the search facility at the top of the page. if you want some more information on houseboating, check out our houseboating faq. if you haven't found a houseboat yet, check out our murray river houseboats page for more ideas, houseboating regions and specials. tell your friends you found this at murrayriver.com.au
__label__non_math	0.9924	items - . shop olympic weight sets regular price: . sale price: . regular price: . sale price: . guaranteed best prices online for olympic weight sets we sell olympic weight sets made by several manufacturers, all with free shipping so your know exactly how much you are paying. we offer the lowest prices online for name brand weight sets including troy barbell, york, vtx, usa sports, body-solid and more a good weight set is the fundamental "bread and butter" of any gym. whether you are just getting started free weight training, decided you want to build your own home gym, or looking to stock a commercial location these weight set packages are an economical and cheap way to buy an entire set of weights in bulk. most weight sets include the plates, a ' olympic bar with " collars and a set of spring weight clips. the price for these sets vary depending on additional features and quality, along with the total weight in pounds that the set offers. higher-end features for sets may include rubberized plates that are encased in rubber for quiter use, neoprene casing, grip or interlocking plate design and may also include upgraded bars. quality matters when it comes to buying a set of weights and you don't want to buy some cheap set that will chip, rust and generally not last. many sets include cheap bars with a very low weight rating. these bars can be dangerous to use if you are interested in buying larger sets than listed, additonal equipment such as plates or multiple sets at once, then contact our support department for a customer quote.
__label__non_math	0.9999	the museum portal offers an overview of museums and collections in schleswig-holstein hamburg which hold manifold treasures of natural and cultural history. in addition, the web-site informs about current museum events. the museum portal offers an overview of museums in schleswig-holstein hamburg. their holdings are digitally recorded and published in cooperation with the digicult-verbund eg. pictures and details concerning individual objects as well as information on the collections and events are provided by the respective museums and institutions. the portal is a joint project of the museumsverbandes schleswig-holstein hamburg e.v. and the digicult-verbund eg.
__label__math	0.9928	how do i save energy in the home? every little helps this one is easy save energy in your home wherever possible. it saves money and you'll reduce the amount of carbon dioxide being released which contributes to global warming. you may not think that switching off a few lights will make a difference to global warming. however, if everyone in your school did this then a great amount would be saved. here are some ideas for saving energy in your home or school. can you think of any more?
__label__non_math	0.9998	dean deceiver fmf electric guitarproduct dean aag solid body electric guitars - write a review - seen a lower price? click here. day price guarantee, day return policy, secure shopping a rocker's delight crafted out of premium components the dean deceiver fmf electric guitar is crafted with a single-cutaway tone-sustaining mahogany body. abalone binding highlights a beautiful carved flamed maple top. the guitar's set mahogany neck is topped with a -fret ebony fingerboard embellished with pearl deceiver inlays. the deceiver fmf has a fast - " scale length and with a -on-the-side dean headstock emblazoned with the winged dean logo. this beauty is guaranteed to deliver sonic mayhem with an emg active humbucking neck pickup and an emg active humbucking bridge pickup. the deceiver fmf guitar's black nickel hardware includes a floyd rose original tremolo bridge and grover tuning machines. check the drop-down menu to the right to select colors and or other options. - carved flamed maple top - mahogany body - - " scale - set mahogany neck - "c" neck profile - ebony fingerboard - frets - pearl deceiver inlays - abalone body binding - grover tuners - black nickel hardware - floyd rose original tremolo bridge - emg-active humbucking neck pickup - emg-active humbucking bridge pickup - master volume tone controls, -way selector switch - case sold separately order a guitar that will satisfy - everytime
__label__non_math	0.9962	"musical theatre talk with trish causey" is wrapping up with a big bow of fabulousness this week when i talk with broadway veterans and afficiados extreme friday, dec. , at est cst, broadway veteran and musical director to presidents of the united states, chapman roberts, joins me as does the musical director for the broadway smash, "memphis," kenny j. seymour. "modern music in musical theatre" is the topic, so set aside your notions of what musical theatre means because the "sound of music" on broadway is modern sunday, dec. , at est cst, we explore the programs and services of the invaluable, "american theatre wing," when i'm joined by executive director, howard sherman, and board member and veteran performer, lucie arnaz. as you'll hear, the atw does more than just pass out tonys but those are really cool, too stay tuned for more shows and guests to be announced for january , starting with the jan. 10th show, "ear-nose-throat issues for singers," and "breathing support techniques" on jan.
__label__non_math	0.9997	the bassoon is a woodwind instrument that was developed in the 16th century to add a stronger bass to the wind band ensemble. from the double reed family, the bassoon plays in the tenor range and below. it is known for its distinctive tone, wide range and agility. six main pieces make up the bassoon, including the reed. the bell, extends upward; the long joint, connects the bell and the boot; the boot or butt is at the bottom of the instrument and folds over on itself; the wing or tenor joint, extends from boot to bocal; and the bocal or crook , attaches the wing joint to a reed. bassoon players must learn three different clefs: bass first and foremost , tenor, and treble. the range of the bassoon begins at b-flat and extends upward over three octaves comparable to the e on the treble staff .
__label__non_math	0.6420	orange crushed as ,000 worth of amps stolen orange amps have released details of a break in at its borehamwood hq over the weekend, which resulted in the theft of 141 tiny terror combo amplifiers. the total retail value of the amps model number: os-tt--c-uk is well over ,000. so if some dodgy git offers you a cheap tiny terror beware - check the serial number to see if it has been stolen. for a complete list of the serial numbers concerned visit the orange website. orange is offering a reward of ,000 for anyone who provides information that leads to a successful conviction. contact orange on 905 if you can help.
__label__non_math	0.8956	the season wasn t a particularly good period for handel. the rival london opera company, the opera of the nobility gave its last performance. but the contest between the two companies seems to have left the london opera audience rather sated with the genre. add to this that handel himself suffered from some sort of paraletick disorder which left him unable to conduct. he had completed his last opera of the season, berenice in january and it premiered in may . it ran for just four performances. the season finished with a revival of alcina and performances of alexander s feast. after this handel took the cure in aix la chapelle. the libretto for berenice is based on one by antonio salvi, which made its first appearance in florence in to music by perti. it is possible that handel encountered it during his visit to florence that year. no great changes were made to the libretto prior to handel s setting it: the recitatives were shortened and two new aria texts were introduced, which may mean that handel did the work himself. the plot is the usual opera seria one; a loves b who loves c who loves d. in this case berenice, queen of egypt is under pressure to choose a husband. she loves demetrio who loves her sister selene who is in turn loved by arsace. but berenice is being pressured by the roman ambassador fabio to choose alessandro who is actually in love with berenice. it is a well enough put together plot, but somehow it is hard to get quite as worked up about the characters fates as in some of handel s other following the initial performances the opera was only revived once during handel s lifetime, in brunswick. since then it has rather been neglected. one of the reasons, perhaps, is that unlike many of handel s other lesser known but nonetheless interesting operas, it lacks a definitive hit number - something which helps identify the piece. berenice has been recorded once before, in under rudolph palmer. this new recording from alan curtis and il complesso barocco easily displaces the recording and looks set to become definitive. for this disc, curtis restores the longer versions of two of the arias which handel truncated before the first performance alessandro s mio bel sol and selene s si poco e forte . curtis also re-instates berenice s avvertite, mie pupille which was cut by handel and was the only time the composer used the key of c sharp minor in the original cast consisted of anna strada del po as berenice, the soprano castrato gioacchino conti as alessandro, contralto francesca bertolli as selene and alto castrato domenico annibali as demetrio, with maria caterina negri as arsace. curtis preserves the gender assignment of roles as closely as possible, using counter-tenor franco fagioli as demetrio and mezzo-soprano mary ellen nesi as selen. but the soprano castrato role of alessandro has to be sung nowadays by a female soprano, ingela bohlin. berenice is one of those slightly problematic operas which seem to work better in the theatre where the gender of the characters is usually more obvious. here we have a pair of low voices, one singing a man and one a woman, and a pair of high voices similarly paired. curtis has chosen a beautifully balanced cast. but it is one where the voices are not highly distinctive so that you sometimes have to concentrate to tell whether berenice or alessandro is singing, or selene or arsace. if you listen to the opera with the libretto these sort of problems klara ek as berenice has a lovely voice which adds an air of fragility to the character whilst introducing an element of steel where necessary. there is a slight quaver to her voice which adds a note of character. ingela bohlin s alessandro is delivered with a beautiful bright soprano voice, but which never manages to sound in the least bit masculine. having your lead pair sung by two sopranos is something of a bonus when it comes to the final duet, where the two voices intertwine beautifully. handel s orchestration of the opera was quite restrained. but he did showcase giuseppi sammartini s oboe playing. berenice s aria chi t indende has a wonderful obbligato oboe part. ek and oboist patrick beaugiraud combined magically here. romina basso displays some nicely warm even tones as selene, but adds to this an admirable proficiency in the faster passages. her lover demetrio is sung by counter-tenor franco fagioli. fagioli has a soft-grained, sometimes feminine-sounding voice, but one which can take on the more dramatic edge when required. fagioli s tones are rather distinctive, which might not always be a good thing, but here ensures that his character is always mary ellen news provides strong support in the relatively small role of arsace - she only gets two arias. and the lower voices are well represented by vito priante as aristobolo berenice s captain and anicio zorzi giutiniani as fabio the roman ambassador. what the cast provides above all is intelligent balance. they seem to be without a serious weak link. each contributes a finely musical performance whilst being fully alive to the technical requirements so that i for once don t have to add my usual moan about singers smudging their runs. curtis keeps the piece moving without ever making it rushed and the recitative feels swift without sounding skimped. he doesn t quite manage to get the feel of a live drama, but comes this is one of alan curtis s most recommendable recordings. whilst handel s opera might not be of top rank and there are places where he seems to have been wool-gathering, there is plenty of interest here. and with this intelligently balanced performance, we have an account which certainly does the piece
__label__non_math	0.8615	strange you should ask. i am sitting in the first meeting of the mustang club of america as i type this. this is a topic that we just discussed, how to get more people involved, increase participation and make people want to be part of the mca and share the passion that i as well as most of the members do. for some feedback what type of car dor you have, age range and what are your interests. feedback of what we need to do to changes to improve and make everyone feel like they have a voice and are part of the club. this website is a beginning of such a program.
__label__non_math	0.9932	drag racing basics - feeding your need for speed take your classic ford drag racing from the february, issue of modified mustangs fords by mark houlahan photography by the modified mustangs fords staff there was a time when dragstrips and road courses across america were bustling with the sounds of screeching bias-ply burnouts and solid-lifter crackling, and lead-infused fuels burned under high compression. the muscle car era was in full swing, and the manufacturers waged war in battles of horsepower and cubic inches. before leaving for the track,... before leaving for the track, determine how long you're going to be there and what, if any, changes tuning you plan to make so that you can pack accordingly. a small cooler with snacks and drinks helps on a long, hot day and a selection of tools in a small toolbox will help with any underhood work while trackside. of course, don't forget the important things like driver's license, some cash for entry, and a cell phone. at some point though, it seems like those with the vintage cars threw in the towel and stopped showing up, leaving the late-model crew to have all of the fun. now we're not saying that you should be hanging out at the track all the time, but you should be able to enjoy all of that high-horsepower hardware that you've installed under the hood, and taking your car to your local racetrack offers that opportunity in a very safe environment. for some of you, going to the track may be old hat, but for others, it could be your first time. in either case, this story will be both a good refresher, and a basic introduction to drag racing. once you have your feet wet in full-throttle, straight-line fun, you can check out your local road course to see if there might be even more fulfillment in turning at speed, and we'll be covering that end of the spectrum at a later date. we know these old cars aren't... we know these old cars aren't the most comfortable place to be on a hot july afternoon, but don't expect to pull into the racetrack in board shorts and flip flops thinking they'll let you take your car down the track. at a minimum, a pair of jeans, socks, and sneakers should be worn along with a short sleeve shirt. if you get the bug and really start hitting the track, we suggest investing in at least a driving jacket, if not a full suit. sure, you'll hear a lot of people talk about how valuable the cars are, and that it's not the best idea to drive one in such a manner. our cover car this month certainly bucks this trend, and the vision of this relatively rare automobile melting rubber will certainly cause some anguish for some, but cars were made to be driven. their sole purpose on this planet is to get us from point a to point b. so what's the harm in getting there fast? if you think this sounds crazy, think again. more and more enthusiasts are enjoying their classic cars in more exhilarating ways. if you get a chance, check out an nmra or nmca race that may be close to you. you'll find a lot of very nice vintage firepower in the staging lanes. when you enter the track one... when you enter the track one of the first things you'll have to do is complete a technical inspection of your car by a track official. some tracks are more critical than others due to their sanctioning body agreements. don't think the track official is picking on you. his sole job is to ensure your ride is safe to go down the track. the last thing officials want is for you or someone else to get hurt. if there's a problem, it'll be noted on your tech card so you can fix it before you're allowed to race. typical no-no's are only a single throttle return spring, broken or missing wheel studs, no coolant recovery tank, and so forth. if you're running hub caps or steel wheels with trim rings, they'll most likely ask you to remove them. grab an nhra rule book to see what you should be concerned with. follow along as we take a classic mustang out to the track and show step-by-step what goes on at the dragstrip. once educated, you won't feel so intimidated and you'll enjoy the experience that much more. to find your nearest racetrack check out the links at the end of our story and then call the track to find out its track schedule. be sure to write us and let us know about some of your on-track racing exploits. driving position is important... driving position is important as well. this isn't the saturday night cruise-in at big boys. you want to be able to reach the shifter, ignition, pedals, and any safety equipment with ease while fully belted in. adjust the seatback for a clear view of the track too. also, consider a helmet mandatory. yeah, we know most tracks are fine without a helmet for the slower cars, but get in the habit of wearing a full snell-approved helmet, you won't regret it if something bad happens. current snell ratings of sa2005 or higher are what most tracks require, but new sa2010-rated helmets are now becoming available. once you've paid your entry... once you've paid your entry and had your car inspected by a track official, it's time to stake out a place to pit your car. at bigger events there are usually specific areas where you will pit by class, but on a typical test night anywhere convenient usually works. we like to find a spot near the track pa to listen to announcements lane calls, lighting if we'll be there into the evening, and also by a fence or other permanent object we can secure toolboxes, street tires, and other items to with a bicycle lock. some tracks assign a car class... some tracks assign a car class number during the technical inspection, while others have you take your tech card to another location often the main timing tower office to be issued a number. the number you are given will need to be displayed on your car. it's common practice to place the number on the side of the car that faces the tower as well as the back window of the car. placing it on the front glass is optional for most test-and-tune nights. make sure the numbers are large and legible for the track officials. you can use shoe polish but there are several window marker products available that do a better job, or you can get static cling numbers. before you make your first... before you make your first pass down the track take the time to get familiar with the track's facilities. the first thing you'll see are the staging lanes. these lanes are numbered and you will be told which lane to stage in, as most tracks sort street cars from full race cars, dragsters, motorcycles, and so on. when in the staging lanes, stay with your car. if they call your lane and you're not by your car, it holds the other racers up and delays the program. the starting line is the next... the starting line is the next place you'll see and this is where the christmas tree is located. starting line personnel will guide you where to go for your burnout and to stage your car for the race. if you're on street tires you can just drive around the water box; if you have street tires on the front, but slicks or drag radials on the back, you can drive around and then back into the water to do your burnout. we could do a whole separate... we could do a whole separate story on burnout techniques, so don't be embarrassed to ask fellow racers and track personnel for the optimum burnout for your car's setup. there's plenty to consider, including overall tire diameter, rear gear ratio, vehicle weight, and more. for street tires, a simple spin to clean them off is good, but if you have drag radials or slicks then a proper wet tire burnout will put down some rubber and help your launch. there's no need for a 300-foot pro stock burnout either. that's the quickest way to be asked to leave the track. as the starter waves you forward,... as the starter waves you forward, you might not know exactly where the starting line is. now is the time to concentrate on the christmas tree. the seven lights on each side play an important part in getting you race ready. shown here are the pre-stage and stage light photocells on the track surface arrows . your front tires will block these and illuminate the proper light on the tree. the first photocell you'll... the first photocell you'll come to is for the pre-stage light. this pair of yellow lights at the top of the tree tells you that you're almost to the starting line. just a few more inches to be exact and you'll be blocking the stage beam and ready to start the race. rolling forward to the point... rolling forward to the point you illuminate the stage lights at the top of the tree tells the starter you are ready to start the race. most tracks encourage courtesy staging, that is, one driver pre-stages, then the other pre-stages. going in and "double bulbing" someone by lighting up the pre-stage and stage bulbs before your opponent is ready isn't cool. if you roll just a bit farther... if you roll just a bit farther and you must do it carefully you can do what is called a deep-stage. deep staging is when you roll far enough into the starting line that the pre-stage lights go out. this will actually raise your e.t. make you slower , but will help your reaction time. for test-and-tune nights, it's nothing to concern yourself with, but if you get into competition it's something to consider, as many races are won by reaction time. once both cars are fully staged... once both cars are fully staged the starter will initiate the countdown clock. most of you will see what is called a "full tree" with each amber light illuminating for a half second, counting down to the green light start. most street cars can usually leave on the last amber light, but as we said earlier you can wait for the green light to illuminate and not worry about reaction time right now. while we've never seen it... while we've never seen it used in test-and-tune practice, you might have seen a much faster countdown when watching a race. this is called a "pro tree" and the amber lights all flash at once and then .400-second later, the green light comes on. if you get the urge to go class racing you might come upon a pro tree, so know the class rules. the last light on the tree... the last light on the tree is the dreaded foul, or red light. if you leave the starting line before the green light illuminates the red light comes on, disqualifying you. but we said leave on the last yellow; won't that give you a foul? not exactly. most street cars are slow enough that by the time you react and the car moves forward, the green light comes on as your tires leave the starting line. practice will tell you when you can leave the starting line with your combination, but like we said, don't worry about reaction time right now. once you've left the starting... once you've left the starting line, the timing system takes over. as you head down the track there are a series of additional photocells and reflectors that your car will pass through orange boxes shown here . these include the -foot time, 330-foot time, -mile speed with -mile time -feet later, ,000-foot time, and finish line speed also followed by the finish line time -feet later. it's important to remember that when you pass the finish line speed photocell that the race is not over yet. the true finish line is -feet farther down the track. a lot of first timers slow down in this zone, but it will hurt your time and speed. after you pass the true finish... after you pass the true finish line you can get on the brakes to slow down. look for the track's return road if you followed our advice of checking out the track beforehand you already know where it is . most tracks have more than one return road entrance, so if you can't stop for the first one there's usually a second turn off. the turn off might be on the opposite side of the track, so watch the other racer to ensure you're not cutting him off, as he might not be slowing down as quickly as you. as you travel the return road... as you travel the return road back to your pit area you will come upon a track official handing out the timeslip for your run. keep to the posted return pit road speeds, take your timeslip, and head back to your pits. don't read it there or while driving back to your pits; it can wait until you're safely parked. we recommend keeping a log... we recommend keeping a log book of your timeslips, including weather conditions and any changes upgrades to the car. other notes should include launch speed, shift points, tire pressures, and so forth. a good log book will help you to determine what to do at future track sessions. now that you've made a "full pass" you can get comfortable with the idea of concentrating on your techniques and practice, practice, practice while it's easy for us to let certain terms roll off the tongue, since we've been going to the track for years, we felt it would be helpful to list the most common track terms and what they mean. we hope these will help you be at ease trackside and when talking to your fellow racers. for more information on events, points series, safety equipment, and tracks in your area: the most common problems while at gainesville raceway in gainesville, florida, snapping the majority of the photos for this story, we spoke with some of gainesville's track officials to find out what the most common issues are they see when people come to the track for the first time. we thought for sure they would include people staging their car in the wrong place, turning around and coming back down the track surface, and other "omg concentrate on your elapsed time and mph first. reaction time is not important for test-and-tune nights. you want to know what your car is capable of, not so much your reaction to the lights. waiting for the solid green light to leave the starting line means you'll never red light foul and you can work on shift points and launch techniques. once these are optimized then you can sneak up on reaction time. make only one change at a time. first time racers seem to get a little anxious, the track guys tell us. they'll make a pass, then go bump the timing, change the tire pressures, and launch at a different rpm all on the next pass. make one change and then make a few passes to ensure consistency before you make another change, no matter how minor. be aware of your surroundings. there's a lot going on at the track, and not just on the racing surface. the pits are busy with race cars, pit bikes, pedestrians, and more. on the track surface, always watch the track officials, especially the starter. he's in contact with track spotters and the tower and if there's an issue with the track or your car he'll wave you off. this is for everyone's safety, so pay attention to all track personnel.
__label__non_math	1.0000	notice an issue with our website or shopping cart? send the webmaster an email using the form below. name and email are optional and will be used to contact you regarding the issue, if necessary. use this form to report technical issues recommendations for our website. for all other questions, email firstname.lastname
__label__non_math	0.9996	lady gaga strips off for vanity fair - justin bieber book to become the movie? our other websites: maxim dennis publishing limited. . licensed by felden
__label__non_math	0.9982	official music video for the track i'm getting ready by michael kiwanuka. ""i'm getting ready"" is the debut single by british soul musician michael kiwanuka. it was released in the united kingdom as a digital download on july . on january the song entered the uk indie chart at number .",,,,,,
__label__non_math	1.0000	palo alto, california submitted by cusimano family colonial mortuary annabelle was born in yakima, wash., and was married to lawrence guglielmelli on . she was preceded in death by two sons, tony and lonnie, and by her daughter-in-law, maryann. she is survived by her husband, lawrence; her children, david, connie nelson hunter, tena, michelle don matthews, denise rich dauler, tammy and gino carla . she is also survived by grandchildren and great-grandchildren, with number on the way. annabelle will be dearly missed. funeral service will be held monday, may , at a.m. at the mountain view seventh day adventist church, s. springer road, mountain view.
__label__non_math	0.9991	with a deer, you would never grab the bull by the horns. for a few good reasons: male deer are not called bulls, they are bucks, and they do not have horns, only antlers. antlers and horns are two distinctly different accessories. horns are hollow and are held atop the head of members of the bovid family. bovids include cows, sheep, bison and goats. horns grow continuously year-round and are covered in keratin. they do not usually branch and are found on both male and female bovids. antlers, on the other hand, are temporary bones found on the heads of members of the cervid family. cervids include deer, moose, elk, caribou and others. antlers are temporary, often branching structures, growing generally on males for only part of the year. after eight months of growth and development, antlers will drop off the animal s head. these cranial appendages are covered with a soft skin called velvet, which supplies blood, oxygen and nutrients to the growing antler bone. it is this velvet that will be rubbed against trees during mating, or rutting season in december. it is not only form, but function that is different for these two toppers. horns mainly protect the skull, while antlers are for communicating, to establish dominance, and for seducing members of the opposite sex. seduction is accomplished by the antlers because the velvet covering and the animal s head contain the highest concentration of oil and scent-producing glands that will attract the fairer sex. size matters when it comes to antlers. bigger is better a nice rack can be up to nine pounds and spread to inches wide it is interesting to imagine the growth process of antlers, which start as nubs, grow to substantial size, and then fall off. spring starts the antler growth cycle again. in april, longer days stimulate a buck s hormones and his antlers will begin to develop. antlers are the fastest growing bone known to science, increasing up to a half an inch per day. contrast this with human hair, which takes a month to grown that same half inch. antlers will grow until early fall, then the bone will die and the velvet dries up and falls or is rubbed off. finally, the antlers will be dropped or shed. now is the time for shed, or antler hunting, a sport that requires no weapon. on-island, of the cervids, one only finds deer so one only finds deer antlers, and only if you are lucky. mid-december through mid-february is the time to look for shed antlers. don t be surprised if you don t find any. antlers, no matter how large, disappear quickly. they are speedily consumed by rodents, rabbits, squirrels and other animals that crave their high calcium and phosphorus and have the right incisor teeth to chew the tough bone. if you are fortunate and find an antler, look for teeth marks and evidence of nibbles. antler s hard bone has been used for needles, weapons, arrowheads and even harpoons. in the 18th century, french naturalist georges louis leclerc de buffon hypothesized that antlers were made of vegetable matter or wood, which caused his doubters to raise questions about how antlers were attached to the deer s head. luckily, french zoologist georges cuvier ascertained their true nature a few years later. antler shape varies from animal to animal. they can be categorized as typical or nontypical and can have tines or points. typical antlers are symmetrical and shoot up evenly from a beam, while a nontypical antler is asymmetrical with points or tines shooting out at different angles. antlers are a victory of form and strength, though they are heavy to haul around and cumbersome to carry. and while the well-endowed buck will likely get the girl, he will also have to contend with the ever present possibility that with his colossal crown, he could end up a terrific trophy. suzan bellincampi is director of the felix neck wildlife sanctuary in edgartown.
__label__non_math	0.9979	with ,300 members and the island s first municipal solar array a reality as of this week, vineyard power, the island energy cooperative that was little more than an idea three years ago, is now a viable enterprise. but with ,000 members needed to make the next big project a reality a million offshore wind farm in a state-approved area south of the vineyard the fledgling community cooperative still has a good distance to travel to meet its goals. but if you think it sounds impossible, meet paul pimentel, alternative energy engineer, vineyard power board chairman and eternal optimist. it s an important number if we don t get a significant number of members by the time we re ready to commit significant dollars to that wind farm, then we may not do it, because it means we can t all pull together, mr. pimentel said in a recent interview. now, i don t believe that to be true. i believe we can do it, he said. we re trying to be a community organization, a community utility. to the extent that more of us join in, it represents a firmer commitment, and more important, we can t do what we want to do unless we have the organization behind us and the community behind us. from the vineyard power office in vineyard haven, mr. pimentel and general manager erik peckar talked about the cooperative s progress since its founding in , its future on land and offshore and its role in the community. the number ,000 represents about half the year-round population; if vineyard power signs up that many members it will eligible for u.s. department of agriculture rural utility services loans. the cooperative hopes to fund its planned offshore wind farm from these loans as well as investors. in , the state set aside ,000 square miles of federal ocean water to be auctioned off for commercial development of wind farms; the number has since been reduced to ,300 square miles. vineyard power wants to bid on the three blocks closest to the vineyard and plans to build turbines, expected to produce megawatts of energy. construction is expected to begin by . the proposed sale notice, the first in a multi-step development process, for blocks south of the vineyard is expected in august . vineyard power has a partner on the project: offshore mw, a developer backed by blackstone. membership in vineyard power started at 150, a one-time payment for lifetime membership in the cooperative. the cost goes up to 975 by the time construction begins on the planned wind farm, mr. peckar said. fees go toward office space, mr. peckar s salary and administrative work for the nonprofit. members have voting rights, including deciding what type of electricity the cooperative develops and choosing the location of the potential offshore wind farm. vineyard power offers incentives for new members, such as gift cards with member businesses. and the membership drive continues. the more members we have the stronger we are as a community cooperative, said mr. peckar. we re advocating for community benefits within the whole leasing process . . . which means more island jobs, more of the money stays local and we have control over the organization. in a sense we are owning our renewable energy future. we believe there is going to be a turning point for us at each milestone as it gets more and more certain that this is going to happen, he added. the next milestone will happen in the coming year when the bidding and leasing of ocean blocks is set to begin. this is a great opportunity for the community to really take control of their energy and own their energy, mr. peckar said. the island as a community is one of the only communities in the country that could have potentially a 270-degree view of wind turbines. that s a big thing. once the wind turbines are operating, members of the cooperative will eventually receive their electricity from vineyard power. nstar customer electricity bills are broken down into two different charges, mr. peckar explained: electricity charges and generation charges. vineyard power will be the generator and its members will pay a discounted rate. over the long term it s about being a part of the cooperative, saving money and keeping our electricity prices stable and affordable, mr. peckar said. mr. pimentel drew a distinction between vineyard power s proposed offshore wind project and cape wind, the large commercial wind farm slated to be built on nantucket sound. i think we have a very different take than, say, developer jim gordon did on cape wind, he said. we don t look at this as a development; we re not trying to make money. we re trying to save money, mr. peckar said. it s a very different mindset and i think that will make a difference, mr. pimentel added. and while building a wind farm is vineyard power s biggest planned project, it s not the only one. the cooperative to date has developed three solar projects, including the municipal solar array at the capped aquinnah landfill that had a ribbon cutting this week. the cooperative also developed two solar canopies at cronig s market in vineyard haven; those canopies began producing power this month. another canopy will soon be under construction at up-island cronig s in west tisbury. mr. pimentel said vineyard power is hoping to do similar covered parking solar arrays in other locations on the island. the two men said the solar projects have helped the cooperative with its learning curve. we can t go from zero to , doing all of this financing, insurance, legal framework we re just ramping to get us to that next step, mr. peckar said. we have learned the hard way all about how to, from the business structures, how to go about getting revenue and the investment money and bank money, mr. pimentel said. it s been arduous.
__label__non_math	0.8595	i'm looking for a wired 360 controller as i recently purchased some pc games that could use it. i'm not looking for a wireless 360 with a charge n play cord already have them and they don't work on a pc plugged in . i have a powera wireless ps3 controller w dongle and i'll throw in new batteries . i did replace the x button with a larger, sturdier red button as the orignal x button was sticking from overuse. it has an xbox 360 layout and is larger than the sony ps3 controllers if you're looking for something to use with your ps3 that has more girth. you can also see in the second photo that the l2 r2 triggers are curved like 360's vs the ps3's convex curve which i never understood . you can also see there is very little wear on the control sticks. i'll only trade with well established mvpmods folks. side view showing enhanced button: wireless ps3 controller for a wired 360 controller no replies to this topic user s are reading this topic members, guests, anonymous users
__label__non_math	1.0000	vineyard vines will open second martha's vineyard store brothers shep and ian murray of edgartown, ceos and co-founders of vineyard vines , announced the opening of their newest retail store at narragansett avenue in oak bluffs. this marks the second free-standing retail store on martha's vineyard. "we're excited to open our doors in oak bluffs. our new location will have complete offerings for men, women and children along with some exclusive vineyard and oak bluffs-specific apparel," ian murray said. the store's focal point will be a 300-pound shark which will hang from the ceiling, a nod to the film "jaws," according to a press release. founded in , the company is best known for its whimsical neckties and smiling pink whale logo. the company offers a variety of clothing and accessories for men, women, and children and has stores in a variety of resort locations that include nantucket and the ocean reef club in key largo. for more information go to vineyardvines.com.
__label__non_math	0.9999	joe alosso cleared by ethics panel state commission found no conflict while on town boards more than one year after it first authorized an inquiry, the state ethics commission has ended a probe into whether joe alosso of oak bluffs violated the conflict of interest law while he served on the oak bluffs board of health. the state inquiry arose in connection with mr. alosso's construction of a four-bedroom house in , and against the backdrop of oak bluffs's rough and tumble brand of personal politics. mr. alosso, facilities manager for the oak bluffs and edgartown wastewater plants, learned of the probe in an ethics commission letter dated , which listed five allegations stemming from his role as a public official who served on several town boards. at the heart of the probe was the allegation that mr. alosso abused his position on town boards to gain approval of a house with four bedrooms, more than ought to have been allowed by existing regulations. the letter announcing the end of the probe, signed by senior investigator geeta mcgrath, stated: "... on the basis of the staff's report, the commission voted to terminate the inquiry. this ends the commission's inquiry, and all records thereof shall remain confidential." the formal letter contained a handwritten postscript to mr. alosso that said, "it's been a pleasure. good luck." monday, mr. alosso told the times that he felt a great sense of relief when he received the letter. "everything i've ever done for this town has been for the benefit of the town. i've certainly never done anything unethical, and i'm relieved the state ethics commission has agreed," mr. alosso said. "i felt euphoric. it felt like a huge weight off my shoulders." mr. alosso's sense of relief is tempered by the fact that he is appealing a department of environmental protection dep ruling and fines stemming from his construction of the same house. the dep filed a motion in , claiming that mr. alosso violated eight state rules, including using his septic system before obtaining a certificate of compliance and building too large of a septic system for the size of his lot. he was ordered to pay ,000 in fines. mr. alosso hired a lawyer, donald nagle of plymouth, and appealed the ruling. in october , the judge in the case ordered the investigation to stop, in order to attempt to resolve the case without a hearing. a decision from the judge and the dep is pending. all along, mr. alosso has claimed that the previously existing house he replaced had four bedrooms. the question of how many bedrooms existed in the pre-existing house and the documentation surrounding the project are at the heart of that case. he maintains that there were four bedrooms in the house when he purchased the property, and that he had done nothing wrong. mr. alosso's critics, including oak bluffs political figure linda marinelli and jonathan revere of west tisbury, a political gadfly who acknowledged contacting the dep regarding mr. alosso, found a willing sounding board at the vineyard gazette. the two probes and the accusations against mr. alosso received frequent and extensive news coverage. "people tend to believe what they hear, and they tend to believe what they read," mr. alosso said of the gazette's news coverage. "i think a lot of people assume guilt, without knowing the real facts behind it." mr. alosso said that what he considered negative and unbalanced coverage has had a lingering effect on him and his family. "i think the gazette coverage was negative coverage. i think it hurt my reputation," mr. alosso said. "i hope deep down that those people who really knew me...knew that the story was a bogus story to begin with. it's a price you pay when you're in politics and you have a public official's position." at the time, kerry scott, current chairman of the oak bluffs selectmen, was among those who publicly questioned mr. alosso's behavior. on tuesday, ms. scott said she preferred not to comment on mr. alosso's exoneration. mr. revere said tuesday, "i'm looking forward to mr. alosso's final day in court." the ethics commission ruling did little to lessen the rancor and distrust that has permeated the on-going story. in conversations with a times reporter, ms. scott and mr. revere questioned the origin of the postscript on the ethics commission's letter, and both implied that mr. alosso might be guilty of forgery. "i really think this letter from this chief investigator bears looking into, as to whether she really put that on there. i find that really quite egregious," mr. revere said. wednesday, a spokesman for the ethics commission told the times that while he could not comment directly or even acknowledge the existence of the letter it would not be unusual for the postscript as described to appear on a letter. summing it all up, mr. alosso said, "politics can be a really nasty game, and if you don't agree with everybody, then people will attack you personally, they will attack your family, they'll attack your job, they'll attack you any way they can to further their agenda. and that's sad."
__label__non_math	0.9791	we need you you yourself can develop this new functionality by accessing 'your space' and filling the corresponding 'tags' fields. the tags will give detailed information about your group, your singles or your concerts. you can also make a tag category by clubs, festivals or users. tags work like key words. you have right to tags by object. it is in your interest to use the most popular and succinct tags, such as, for example pop , cool , fun , federer dolcevita .
__label__non_math	0.9678	to really do justice to the entire world of traditional japanese kites would take a larger website than this one each different region in the country, called a prefecture, tended to come up with it's own designs. this all happened during the edo period from the early 1600s to the mid 1800s. the kites' names often refer to objects, folk heroes or creatures. besides the variety in decoration, it's amazing how unique japanese kites are in terms of overall design. that is, the shape of the frame and sails. quaintly, the japanese refer to the frame as the bones of the kite the big majority of them were, and in some cases still are, made from split bamboo for the spars and washi paper for the sails. washi might just be paper, but this hand-made mulberry-based product it is very strong and ideal for kites - as long as you don't get it wet i'm just going to focus on a couple of designs which have been much copied or adapted in the west. you are likely to see at least one of these types at any large kite festival around the world apart from these designs, i wouldn't be surprised if other traditional japanese kites have been copied too, from time to time. the shape of the sode dako looks somewhat like a japanese kimono laid flat. in fact, 'sode' means 'sleeves of a kimono'. photo courtesy of schnitzgeli. like some other japanese kites, and many other asian designs too, this one lends itself to having a 'hummer' strung across the upper horizontal spar. the hummer makes musical noises when aloft in fresh breezes. this feature doesn't seem to have been copied in the west though. traditionally, sodes were built and flown to celebrate the birth of a son, and to ensure his future happiness and health. in general, the larger japanese kites need more complex bridle lines. at the small end of the scale, i've seen a child's paper sode with no bridle at all - just a hole over the vertical spar allowing the flying line to be tied on directly larger sodes would work well with a -point bridle, with lines from each horizontal spar. this helps to relieve the stress at the center of the horizontal spars, in fresher winds. most of the biggest sodes seem to have -point bridles. that is, lines run from the center and each tip of both horizontal spars. this gives even more rigidity, allowing for the use of even lighter spars than would otherwise be possible. more rigidity also helps the kite to cope with stronger winds. this example of a modern sode kite is by janneke groen, who is well known for her artistic sode kites. she specializes in appliqu and patchwork techniques. janneke, who comes from the netherlands has been putting her eye-catching flying works of art on show at kite festivals since the 1990s. it was at one of these festivals that roy reed took the picture opposite. modern japanese kites like this one usually employ fiberglass or carbon fiber rods for spars, and use rip-stop nylon for the sails. the narrow tails on this particular design help to keep it stable. however, i suspect they are very much a part of the kite's artistic concept photo by roy reed. an interesting addition is the bracing of the upper horizontal spar which i presume is there to improve the flying characteristics of the kite. that's the line going out from the nose to the tips. with a bit of ingenuity i guess it could be made to double as a pair of hummers being a decent sized kite, janneke has chosen to go with the full -point bridle. the bridle lines are clearly visible in the photo, and the bridle appears to be very long. usually, with this kind of bridle, the groups of three lines reduce to just lines before being connected to the flying line itself. here's our own sode design, which you can make for yourself ... photo courtesy of jeff attaway. this design is so named because it originated in the region of sanjo. it's more commonly referred to as the rokkaku. many non-japanese abbreviate the name even further to just 'rok'. the interesting thing about this design is how popular it has become in the west. there's an example of a non-traditional rok up there in the photo. the traditional japanese kites were actually fighters, where people would try to knock each other out of the air by various devious means. kite battles with the rokkaku are still organized from time to time, all over the world.. in the west, versions of this kite are constructed with more modern materials, and when organized battles take place, the rules are different. when it comes to bridling, there are some similarities to the sode. bridle lines are attached to various points along each horizontal spar. a common arrangement on these japanese kites is the -point bridle which just has lines on each horizontal spar. the next step up would be the -point bridle as used on the big sodes. in the case of the largest roks flying in fresh wind, an extra line may even be attached to the vertical spar, at the very center. this prevents the vertical spar from bending under extreme air pressure. some commercially available kites have names. like the one in the picture on the left, the loondance. how's that for an elaborate design at about .meters tall inches , this is a medium sized rok. thanks to boreal kites, of for permission to show that photo. the materials are not exactly run-of-the-mill. the sail fabric is oz. contender nylite, which i presume is a specialty nylon cloth, while the spars are spiral-wound epoxy tubing. sounds exotic the photo shows a standard -point bridle being used. here's our own rokkaku design, which you can make for yourself ... if you would like a real insight into the world of traditional japanese kites, perhaps the ultimate experience would be to visit the kite museum in tokyo it's possible to buy japanese kites from the museum. they have small and relatively inexpensive souvenir kites made from bamboo and paper. however, if you have money to burn, you could splash out on something bigger and even more exquisite, made by master craftsmen the museum is a -minute walk from the yaesu central exit of the tokyo station japan railways , or a -minute walk from the c5 exit of the nihonbashi subway station. the museum's address is: taimeiken restaurant 5th floor , nihonbashi, chuoh-ku, tokyo 103- never made a kite? child wants one? check out the... mbk beginner e-course watch it fly a closer view make all the dowel kites, including the one above... the ultimate kite-making resource, and naturally much better value... are the e-books good? find out by trying... 'simplest dowel kites' wait for cover page to appear
__label__non_math	0.9989	chevrolet car leasing made easy just fill out this form today 18th may . or call us on freephone 058 mon-fri .-. for the best chevrolet leasing deal my-carleasing.com chevrolet car leasing service hello chevrolet fans thanks for dropping by my-carleasing.com where car leasing companies compete for your business. to get a fast quote: fill out the -second form above call us on freephone 058 if you re on a mobile or outside the uk, ring 161 482 it s cheaper . we set up this chevrolet leasing service because when i was looking for a new car back in i was so confused by all the options it made my head spin it was driving me mad no pun intended . especially as most car leasing websites are sell, sell, sell and overly complicated. so much so that i thought why not just set up a simple and easy-to-use website that did nothing complicated, didn t try to flog the latest motor simply took some basic details from people and then sent them to no more than three of the most relevant, and trustworthy car leasing experts in order for them to get back to the customer with exactly what they were looking for? in your case, to lease a chevrolet. so, that s how we came up with my-carleasing.com. since then we have helped thousands of happy motorists get into the car they want at a price that s right. i hope we can help you too. p.s. here s a nice youtube video for you to enjoy
__label__non_math	0.9996	that pampered pet that rules the roost is surely a leo. and yet these animals manage to throw their weight around in the most charming way the leo pet will be popular with the family, neighbors, and other animals in the neighborhood as these animals have a penchant for being the center of attention. they will add a lot to the family, too, although they might take over if one isn't careful finally, be sure your leo pet gets enough exercise -- these pups need to watch their heart. unlock the principles of karma and transform your future with a free sample karma reading from astrology.com.
__label__non_math	1.0000	entries in accessories 306 it's been a while since i first wrote about the king of pixels -- aka cristian zuzunaga -- and his fabulous designs. his sofa for christophe delcourt is still one of my faves check out more of his work eye candy this new rug collection from sylvain willenz the same designer behind those funny little wall hooks is right up my geometric-pattern-loving alley
__label__non_math	1.0000	- special sections - public notices after being unceremoniously bounced from the 31st district tournament by gallatin county, the carroll county high school girls basketball team is ready to get back on track. leading the way is senior hannah devine, who averaged .points per game last season, good enough for third-best in the state. she also connected on -point baskets, second highest in the state, and was named to the all-district, all-a and all-conference teams. joining devine in the leadership role this season are fellow seniors nikki hill, andie hardesty, brittany arvin and jayla tomlinson, all of whom will be asked to play a larger role on this year s team. even though they haven t played a lot, i ve been really pleased in the preseason with their work ethic and their ability to do some things, head coach randy mefford said. devine has been in the program since seventh grade, while the other seniors have been a part of the program for three or four years. hill played in every varsity game last season, while hardesty played in all but one. arvin also picked up some minutes on the varsity level last season. tomlinson played her freshman and sophomore year, but did not play last year. mefford said he is excited about this upcoming season and his tight-knit group. i think our team chemistry is going to be good, he said. i think they re going to understand what they do best, and i think they re going to play hard. he said there would be nights when the shots are not falling, but he hopes their defense will keep them in the game. mefford also predicted his team would be better than average rebounders, and he also has some players very capable of blocking shots. with no juniors on the team, team depth tops mefford s list of concerns for his squad. accompanying the five seniors are five sophomores and six freshmen. we re not a real deep team with having no juniors in the program, so i m concerned a little bit about the sophomores, he said. they re kind of getting thrown into the fire pretty good, and they re going to have to step their game up. some of them have been playing mostly jv, and moving from jv to varsity is a pretty good change. the speed of the game is faster and the things that we re doing is a little bit more complicated on the varsity level than on the jv level. the lady panthers graduated three seniors last year: kyndal curry, tasha hunter and jill butcher. the seniors and devine rounded out the top four in scoring and free throw attempts and the top five in rebounding, with hill also cracking the top five. we re not wanting to drop off any from the success we ve had in the past, mefford said. those kids are all gone, and we re replacing them with people like nikki and andie and brittany, and they ve paid their dues and now it s their time to shine. we re optimistic and hoping for a really successful season. mefford acknowledged that devine will likely draw special defenses against her, but i told the kids, that s going to help them because that s going to allow them a little less defense on them so that maybe they re able to do some things on the offensive end. at a recent team meeting, mefford said the girls decided on their team goals for the season: have a winning season; return to the regional tournament; communicate better on the court; execute plays correctly; and shoot percent as a team from the free throw line. carroll opens its season at home against eminence on nov. , followed by a road trip to trimble county dec. . the lady panthers will play in two holiday tournaments: the south oldham lady dragons holiday hoop-fest tournament dec. -and the lady cougar after christmas tournament in owensboro dec. -. both are good quality tournaments, so we ll be really busy over the christmas holidays, mefford said. carroll takes on district foe owen county dec. at home and jan. away. they also drew the lady rebels in the 8th region all a on jan. at williamstown. the lady panthers battle henry county away on dec. and at home on jan. . they will have their first taste of revenge against gallatin county on dec. on the road and on jan. at home.
__label__non_math	0.9926	this weekend i started rotating my daughter's winter and summer clothing. that is when i realized when it comes to clothing kids can not have enough. lucky i just saw that plum district is offer for us busy mom's wittlebee, a monthly children's clothing club can help, so i just purchased this offer and can not wait for my first shipment to arrive. here is how it works, each month wittlebee will send your child a box filled with clothing that meets your needs as answered in a brief questionnaire, such as size, child's personality, the climate you live in, and what you need. they promise to only ship comfortable clothing that is free of logos and from quality manufacturers. right now you can score a three month membership at wittlebee a . that is only .a month visit plum district and purchase the three month membership for . at check out use code visa10 and you will save lowering the price to .shipped. share this deal with three friends who also need some help with their child's closet and your order becomes free you will want to check plum district for all the "nitty gritty".
__label__non_math	0.9967	the iphone 4s siri review in the chevrolet volt i ve been a long time sprint customer and android user, but when i heard that the iphone 4s was coming to sprint and it had this feature called siri i had to give it a shot with my chevrolet volt. for those of you that are wondering, siri is a voice recognition computerized assistant, often compared sarcastically with the space odyssey ai, the hal . for more about siri, read the basics at the apple siri page. while siri is still a long way from the near sentient computer assistants depicted in sci fi series like star trek, it is capable of some very useful tasks, especially in the context of a car. below you ll see a demonstration video of one of those features. to get the most out of the digital assistant, i purchased a customized iphone mount from proclipusa. this company sells high quality custom phone mounts for all sorts of cars including the chevrolet volt. the advantage of this is that the phone fits perfectly and the mount is customized for your vehicle so it fastens safely and securely without any adhesives or suction cups. i highly recommend these compared to generic mounts as they are very sturdy and the custom fit clips right into the volt s center console. next, i simply paired my new iphone with my chevy volt like you would any other phone and it was ready to go. apple was smart enough so that when you activate siri by holding down the home button, it effectively connects a call to the phone so that you can use the volt s speaker system as well as the volt s directional microphones positioned in the roof of the car the same ones that you would use for onstar calls this means that you can easily hear the voice prompts and increases the chances of your commands being understood as the microphone is setup to isolate the noises of the car vs. being positioned down low on the phone near the shifter. it s worth noting that with the setup i have, when you are shifted into drive or l mode, it s very easy to reach the iphone s home button to activate siri without taking your eyes off the road. simply put your hand on the shifter and reach over to the recessed home button with your thumb. when you activate siri, there is a little pause as the iphone attempts to open a connection with the volt s bluetooth speaker microphone pairing. when the connection completes, your air conditioning and radio will automatically dim out to get out of the way. from there you are ready to go simply by pressing the on screen microphone button. you find this button without taking your eyes off the road simply by moving your thumb up a little from the home button. i was able to have siri read me my last text message and then i responded to the message purely with voice commands. this essentially isn t much more distracting than having a conversation in the car with a passenger. siri can t really do everything yet though, as advertised it can send and receive texts, set appointments, set reminders etc. but for example it can t read your emails to you or save contacts. so it still has a long way to go, but it s a great start to a more connected car. the experience of finding a restaurant or another location is still much better with onstar and a live operator but siri fills a gap by allowing you to communicate with others safely while on the road.
__label__non_math	1.0000	simply put, its tsogosale time we not going to waste your time with loads of reading as you only have hours to make it rain not said literally to the cape town readers, because we know it already . still looking for somewhere to take the mooiness mooiman for a little sexy santa time? well now is your chance to book the tsogosale starts today well right now at and you have the chance to salvage your sanity with a selection of sexy holidays here, while saving . pleasure like we said, the sale only lasts hours and finishes at tomorrow need i say the proverbial, go, go, go but wait, thats not all sports fans in the comments below, tell us your best party story of . the person who rocked out the hardest, and survived, deserves a weekend getaway your prize is valid until march you never know, you may need a break as soon as after rocking the daisies even dont forget, click here to book some awesome holidays with off t s and c s dont worry, they pretty normal, just get entering and booking yo - the prize is subject to the following terms and conditions: - your prize is valid until january . the accommodation must be taken up within this period, as the expiry date will not be extended. - your prize is not transferable, may not be converted to cash and, if lost, will not be re-issued by tsogo sun hotels. - you may take advantage of your prize at any time, subject to availability, convenient to yourself and to the hotel as specified above, with the exception of school holidays, public holidays and certain other peak periods that may be identified by the hotel. - to redeem your prize, please contact our customer contact centre in johannesburg on telephone number and the reservations agent will make the booking on your behalf. please note that you will be required to fax a copy of this letter to the reservations agent to secure your booking. - you will be required to produce this original prize letter on check in at the hotel no copies will be accepted.
__label__non_math	0.9999	stewart, ohio eastern s postseason hopes are still alive following a -win over tri-valley conference hocking division foe federal hocking friday night in athens county. the eagles -, -tvc hocking jumped out to an early lead after joey scowden completed a yard pass to chase cook at the mark of the first quarter. joey scowden completed a pass to troy gantt for the two-point conversion and eastern led -. with just under a minute left in the first period max carnahan hit a yard field goal to put the green and white up . federal hocking -, - got on the board with remaining in the half when delbert crum broke a yard run. terrance mayle added the point after touchdown and fhhs pulled within one score. eastern s big play offense struck again before the half was up, as joey scowden completed a yard pass to alex amos for six points. the extra point kick failed and ehs led -at half. the lone score of the third period was at the mark when the lancers tacked an eastern runner in the endzone for a safety. eastern recorded a safety of its own to start the fourth period and the eagles led -. less than two minutes later eastern was in the endzone again with a yard completion from joey scowden to max carnahan. the extra point kick failed and eastern led -with remaining. down points fhhs clawed back first with a yard run by andrew smith for six points. smith caught the two-point conversion from kyle jackson to cut the ehs lead to eight with left in regulation. smith found paydirt again with left in the game on a yard pass from jackson. the eagles defense stopped the two point conversion attempt and led -. as the game clock wound down eastern drove down the field. with seconds remaining eastern had the ball on a fourth and one at it s own yard line. federal hocking s peyton seel was penalized for offsides and eastern had the first down it needed to end the game. joey scowden led eastern with -of-passing for 201 yards with three touchdowns and an interception. joey scowden also ran times compiling a team-high yards. eastern s ethan nottingham had nine carries for yards and one reception for yards in the triumph. cook led eagle receivers with one catch for yards, followed by amos with one grab for yards and carnahan with two catches for yards. cook, amos and carnahan each caught a td. crum led the rushing attack for fhhs with 163 yards on carries with a touchdown, while jackson threw for 143 yards on -of-passing with a td and an interception. alex nichols had two catches for yards, seel had one grab for yards, smith had three catches for yards and ivan santiago had two catches for yards to lead federal hocking. the eagles will host tvc hocking rival southern saturday at p.m. in the regular season finale, while federal hocking s regular season will wrap up at trimble next friday at p.m.
__label__non_math	1.0000	kismet is a word meaning fate or destiny, a predetermined course of events, so it must be destiny for you to update your pup's look with this preppy pink and lime green dog collar due to customizing options, this is a made-to-order collar. please allow up to business days for shipment. check out our up country dog collar sizing chart to ensure you are selecting the proper fit.
__label__math	0.9999	myeclipse: get double entries by generate uml2 class diagram horstskoff - - post subject: get double entries by generate uml2 class diagram i use helios service release . over exclipse marctplace i installed myeclipse workbench .. days trail i make with the myeclipse feature a uml2 class diagramm from my project. so i get in every class all methods and instancevaribles twice. when across a ennumeration class in the diagramfield , i get a nullpointerexception... what is wrong ... support-swapna - - post subject: re: get double entries by generate uml2 class diagram can you answer some more questions for me to understand the issue better ? can you share your build id from help about myeclipse enterprise workbench ? paste it here. clear the contents of the .log file which is located at .metadata .log and now replicate the issue. copy paste the contents of the .log file here . can you please list out steps in detail right from project creation to uml2 class generation for me to be able to replicate the issue at my end ? all times are gmt - hours powered by pnphpbb2 the pnphpbb groupcredits
__label__non_math	1.0000	behind the scenes footage of vado and fabolous new video for, okay y all, off of vado s, slime flu , mixtape. fabolous gives you the gift of, there is no competition , for christmas. one of bk s finest mcs, fabolous, hits up 106 if the video doesn t play after the commercial, press play again. fabolous gets hooked up by ea sports and speaks on his favorite ea game.
__label__non_math	0.9996	i made my inaugural trip to ikea a couple of months ago. it was fun the one thing i was in the market for was a duvet and a duvet cover for our bed. we found the perfect one on sale here's what we started with: i also had one yard of red, white and black heart fabric on clearance, also from ikea. and here's what we came up with i put in my first hidden zippers, so of course i have to show you a picture now i can take adorable pics on the bed, like this: and sophia can sit there with a chunk of ham in her mouth not smiling. then, of course, i call in reinforcements. but all she tries to do then is climb off the bed. stopped by some tickling, but not for long. then finally mean mommy let her off the bed and she ran into daddy's arms. how sweet is that? i'm one lucky mom. with cute pillows.
__label__non_math	0.9997	this article was originally distributed via prweb. prweb, worldnow and this site make no warranties or representations in connection therewith. truetobacco.com features quality premium cigars on huge one week sale, over off miami, fl prweb true tobacco is one of the more recent online cigar shops to have launched, yet it is already attracting the attention of many cigars shoppers who are looking for deeply discounted items. over premium cigar lines are now available at discount over the next week. featuring premium brands like montecristo, cohiba, partagas, rocky patel, and even infused sticks from drew estate's popular acid brand. popular favorites and less renowned names alike are easily accessible with a friendly user interface. the company boasts shipping times under hours and promises a satisfaction guarantee. discounted prices are combine-able with various other promotions provided on the website. these include customer loyalty programs, a discount for sharing a review, discount for sharing your purchase on social media sites facebook or twitter, and free shipping on orders of and over. customers can use granular filter options to find just the cigar they are looking for based on attributes, such as ring gauge, length, shape, strength, filler, price, by brand, and by search function. using the mentioned filters to narrow results down to items under dollars or less on the site and many of them are bundles of premium cigars with a per stick price of or under. with this sale, we would like to give something back to our customers. we want to remind them that we are constantly striving to improve ourselves and are dedicated in our service. by offering competitive prices combinable with our promotions, i feel we are showing our customers what they really mean to us. our purpose at truetobacco.com is to serve our customers, and that is exactly what we are trying to do here by offering them spectacular deals on some of our own personal favorites. nick gordon, general manager of truetobacco.com at truetobacco.com we have a clear mission statement: to be completely committed to serve our customers. to provide unsurpassed personalized service and a quality online user experience so customers can make informed tobacco purchasing decisions, obtaining products in a fast, discreet way at a highly affordable price. for the original version on prweb visit: valley view drive
__label__non_math	1.0000	recipe from anne derrick of washington cubed steaks package of lipton dried onion soup mix can of diced tomatoes to cups flour, seasoned to taste with garlic salt and pepper cut the cube steaks into or more pieces, then bread the cube steaks in the seasoned flour mixture. after browning the steaks, add the dried soup mix, tomatoes and water. cover and simmer on low heat for minutes or until done. serving suggestion: try serving swiss steak with mashed potatoes and green beans. the juices from the meat can serve as a gravy for the potatoes.
__label__non_math	1.0000	new york ap - the ceo of dallas' professional soccer team is facing charges that he beat and choked his wife in a new york city hotel. police said douglas quinn of fc dallas assaulted his wife, elizabeth quinn, after an argument in their manhattan hotel room on saturday. the criminal complaint said quinn punched his wife in the face repeatedly. it also said he put a pillow over her head and applied pressure so that she could not breathe. quinn was released on ,000 bail following his arraignment in manhattan criminal court. he is due back in court thursday. his lawyer, alan futerfas, said that "there is often another side to the story and there certainly is one here." the lawyer said he looked forward to meeting with the district attorney's office. main station directory: didn't find what you were looking for?
__label__non_math	0.9999	here are some sites that are bound to help the students in your house get a great start to the school year and help them form strong study habits that will last a lifetime. you might even have some fun exploring these sites yourself. - if you are a subscriber to america online, visit the homework help area on the kids only channel. you can join a chat with teachers and students, or post a question for a teacher grades k- on a bulletin board and receive and answer back. you also have access to an online thesaurus, dictionary and encyclopedia. - if enableexternallinks ajkids.c comment endcommentom elseask jeeves kids endif - type in a question and jeeves will provide an answer, or suggest other places to search. - if enableexternallinks kids.i comment endcommentnfoplease.c comment endcommentom elsefact monster endif - the bestselling almanac comes to life on this site. you'll also find help with study skills, a broad list of topics, and a solid search mechanism here. - if enableexternallinks school.d comment endcommentiscovery.c comment endcommentom homeworkhelp bjpinchbeck elsediscovery education endif - this site, designed by -year-old b. comment endcommentj. pinchbeck and his dad, is part of the discovery channel site. it contains links to just about any place students would want to visit to find information: newspaper sites, news organizations, book and author sites, grammar pointer sites, and more. - at if enableexternallinks homeworkcentral.c comment endcommentom elsek- endif students can search by subject and by age group kids, teens, and college beyond to research such topics as current events, history, geography and technology. on the lighter side, visitors will find games and contests, too. teachers and librarians have plenty to choose from here as well.
__label__non_math	0.9927	too many of our young people are caught up in conflicts every day that they do not know how to manage -- teasing, jealousy, and physical aggression. juvenile delinquency and violence are symptoms of youth's inability to manage conflict in their lives. teaching youth how to manage conflict in a productive way can help reduce incidents of violent behavior. conflict resolution education is a beneficial component of a comprehensive violence prevention and intervention program in schools and communities. conflict resolution education encompasses problem solving in which the parties in dispute express their points of view, voice their interests, and find mutually acceptable solutions. conflict resolution education programs help the parties recognize that while conflict happens all the time, people can learn new skills to deal with conflict in nonviolent ways. the programs that appear to be most effective are comprehensive and involve multiple components such as the problem-solving processes and principles of conflict resolution, the basics of effective communication and listening, critical and creative thinking, and an emphasis on personal responsibility and self-discipline. effective conflict resolution education programs can: four common strategies for approaching conflict resolution experts identify four school-based conflict resolution strategies that can be replicated in other settings. these are commonly referred to as: peer mediation, process curriculum, peaceable classrooms, and peaceable schools. in all four approaches, conflict resolution education is viewed as giving youth nonviolent tools to deal with daily conflicts that can lead to self-destructive and violent behaviors. it is up to each local school district to decide how conflict resolution education will be integrated into its overall educational environment. the expectation is that when youth learn to recognize and constructively address what takes place before conflict or differences lead to violence, the incidence and intensity of that situation will diminish. the program examples provided below empower young people with the processes and skills of conflict resolution. however, youth need to know that conflict resolution does not take precedence over adult responsibility to provide the final word in a variety of circumstances or situations. conflict resolution has a place in the home, school, and community, but it can only supplement, not supplant, adult authority. peer mediation approach recognizing the importance of directly involving youth in conflict resolution, many schools and communities are using the peer mediation approach. under this approach, specially trained student mediators work with their peers to resolve conflicts. mediation programs reduce the use of traditional disciplinary actions such as suspension, detention, and expulsion; encourage effective problem solving; decrease the need for teacher involvement in student conflicts; and improve school climate. an example of a peer mediation program is we can work it out, developed by the national institute for citizenship education in the law and the national crime prevention council. the program promotes mediation, negotiation, or other non-litigating methods as strategies to settle unresolved confrontations and fighting. one albuquerque elementary school principal reported, "we were having 100 to 150 fights every month on the playground before we started the new mexico center for dispute resolution's mediation in the schools program. by the end of the school year, we were having maybe fights ." other elementary schools using the same peer mediation approach to conflict resolution education reported that playground fighting had been reduced to such an extent that peer mediators found themselves out of a job. process curriculum approach teachers who devote a specific time -- a separate course, a distinct curriculum, or a daily lesson -- to the principles, foundation abilities, and problem-solving processes of conflict resolution are implementing the process curriculum approach. the program for young negotiators, based on the harvard negotiation project, is representative of this approach. participating students, teachers, and administrators are taught how to use principled negotiation to achieve goals and resolve disputes. this type of negotiation helps disputants envision scenarios and generate options for achieving results that satisfy both sides. in a north carolina middle school with more than 700 students, conflict resolution education was initiated. the school used the peace foundation's fighting fair curriculum and a combination of components from various conflict resolution projects. after a school year, in-school suspensions decreased from to incidents a -percent decrease , and out-of-school suspensions decreased from incidents to a -percent decrease . peaceable classroom approach the peaceable classroom approach integrates conflict resolution into the curriculum and daily management of the classroom. it uses the instructional methods of cooperative learning and "academic controversy." the educators for social responsibility curriculum, making choices about conflict, security, and peacemaking, is a peaceable classroom approach to conflict resolution. the program shows teachers how to integrate conflict resolution into the curriculum, classroom management, and discipline practices. it emphasizes opportunities to practice cooperation, appreciation of diversity, and caring and effective communication. generally, peaceable classrooms are initiated on a teacher-by-teacher basis into the classroom setting and are the building blocks of the peaceable school. studies on the effectiveness of the teaching students to be peacemakers program, a peaceable classroom approach to conflict resolution, show that discipline problems requiring teacher management decreased by approximately percent and referrals to the principal were reduced to zero. peaceable school approach the peaceable school approach incorporates the above three approaches. this approach seeks to create schools where conflict resolution has been adopted by every member of the school community, from the crossing guard to the classroom teacher. a peaceable school promotes a climate that challenges youth and adults to believe and act on the understanding that a diverse, nonviolent society is a realistic goal. in creating the peaceable school program of the illinois institute for dispute resolution, students are empowered with conflict resolution skills and strategies to regulate and control their own behavior. conflict resolution is infused into the way business is conducted at the school between students, between students and teachers and other personnel, between teachers and administrators, and between parents and teachers and administrators. in an evaluation of the resolving conflict creatively program in four multiethnic school districts in new york city, teachers of the peaceable school approach to conflict resolution reported a -percent decrease in physical violence in the classroom and observed percent less name calling and fewer verbal insults. other changes in student behavior reported by the teachers included greater acceptance of differences, increased awareness and articulation of feelings, and a spontaneous use of conflict resolution skills throughout the school day in a variety of academic and nonacademic settings. the effective conflict resolution education programs highlighted above have helped to improve the climate in school, community and juvenile justice settings by reducing the number of disruptive and violent acts in these settings; by decreasing the number of chronic school absences due to a fear of violence; by reducing the number of disciplinary referrals and suspensions; by increasing academic instruction during the school day; and by increasing the self-esteem and self-respect, as well as the personal responsibility and self-discipline of the young people involved in these programs. young people cannot be expected to promote and encourage the peaceful resolution of conflicts if they do not see conflict resolution principles and strategies being modeled by adults in all areas of their lives, such as in business, sports, entertainment, and personal relationships. adults play a part in making the environment more peaceful by practicing nonviolent conflict resolution when minor or major disputes arise in their daily lives. information provided by the u.s. department of education.
__label__non_math	1.0000	you have to marvel at bill gowakci's spirit and power of positive thinking. he's a -year-old college junior who, by all medical expert odds, shouldn't even be alive. doctors gave bill an infinitesimal chance to beat childhood cancer that ravaged his body twice. the first time, it was bone cancer that left his right leg scarred, and titanium bones and joints replaced the real thing. then after a brief remission, cancer struck again. ironically, the chemotherapy that killed his bone cancer caused his second bout with cancer -- this time leukemia. "they gave me pretty much less than percent for six months when they diagnosed me, " bill said during a visit at all children's hospital, where he was treated. as a last resort, doctors performed a bone marrow transplant. that kind of treatment packs quite a punch to the human body, especially to a boy who was only years old at the time. "my slogan through the whole ordeal was, bring it on,' more or less. one of my doctors dubbed me william the conquerer' because of my attitude to beat my cancer. i just kept hope alive, kept my spirits up, laughed everyday," he said. even bill's doctors were amazed at his internal will to fight and win. "he understood from the get go what he needed to do to survive, and he always kept a positive attitude about all of it," said nanette grana, who was bill's pediatric oncologist. bill makes frequent visits back to all children's just to say thank you and to show kids facing the same battle that they too can fight and win. fox wtvt-tv didn't find what you were looking for?
__label__non_math	0.9992	the purpose of this course is to assist the professional nurse in understanding, identifying and caring for the drug-seeking patient. upon completion of this course the professional nurse should be able to meet the following objectives. this course is available for free emergency trauma medicine medical surgical issues - discuss medications most often implicated in prescription drug abuse. - state conditions, which are associated with drug seeking behavior. - identify aspects of behavior that lead a professional to suspect an individual is abusing prescription drugs. - discuss professional interventions and responsibilities that should be utilized when caring for a patient suspected of abusing prescription drugs. - define drug abuse, drug tolerance, drug dependence, and drug addiction.
__label__non_math	1.0000	scientific name: coryphaena hippurus linnaeus common name: dolphinfish, mahi mahi species codes for trip ticket reporting: food and bait code: 121 - dolphin license and endorsements required for commercial harvest: spl - saltwater products license rs - restricted species endorsement fp - federal permit image credit: don demaria
__label__non_math	0.8545	the primary purpose of investing is, of course, to make money. whether using your money to make more money is your primary job, or if you re just investing to build a retirement fund, you are probably just concerned about making the most of your money and getting a good return on your investments. however, it can get a bit boring to stare at numbers and figures, charts and graphs, and make the same types of investments day in and day out. it can also start to feel a bit like you re just moving around money that doesn t exist, when you re not actually purchasing anything but shares in companies. if you re feeling the urge to invest something you can actually see and hold in your hands, why not invest in colored diamonds? it may sound like a strange idea at first, but colored diamonds are actually highly prized around the world and therefore retain their value very well. in fact, in the past thirty years the value of colored diamonds has not dropped, making them a very secure and low risk investment. they will probably even increase in value in the near future, because less colored diamonds are currently being mined. many diamond mines are closing, and new mines are not opening fast enough to replace them. this means recover of the valuable gemstones is slowing down, so they will become more rare. when something is more rare, the value usually increases. right now colored diamonds are enjoying immense popularity in the global market, so demand is high and not likely to decrease any time soon. it can be refreshing to have a tangible investment that you can actually see and touch, and that can be passed down to heirs very simply. most investors just own loose stones, but you can always have the diamonds set into beautiful jewelry. since you ve invested your money into these gemstones, you might as well go ahead and enjoy them
__label__non_math	1.0000	preheat oven to 375 f. in a large bowl, combine oats, nuts, wheat germ and hemp seeds. in a small pot slowly heat brown sugar, maple syrup, oil, salt, cinnamon and vanilla together. heat until sugar is dissolved. pour over oat mixture and mix well. lay granola on a large sheet pan. sprinkle with a little water and smush handfuls with your hands. cook for minutes, stirring halfway through. remove from oven and transfer to a bowl, add dried fruit and store in an airtight container. joyofkosher.com is the first social networking site for jewish cooking enthusiasts. joyofkosher.com has thousands of kosher recipes, inspiring menu ideas and tips and tricks from leading chefs and cookbook authors.
__label__non_math	0.9998	justin trehy is on mylife justin e trehy was born in . justin currently lives in groton, connecticut. before that, justin lived in ledyard, ct in . before that, justin lived in new london, ct in . justin e trehy is related to avis trehy, who is years old and lives in groton, ct. justin e trehy is also related to david trehy, who is years old and lives in groton, ct. justin trehy can be researched and contacted easily with your free mylife account. membership lets you view relevant information about justin trehy, and discover who has been doing research about you on the web find people and reconnect with your past friends and family members at mylife.com, where it's possible to find anyone
__label__non_math	1.0000	facebook tags are the new social craze. be the first of your friends to use our exclusive unique tags for facebook, little tag. browse through our enormous collection of custom made tags ranging from cute, funny to naughty. with our new feature you can upload a tag automatically to your profile with just a few clicks. upload one of our awesome facebook tags now
__label__non_math	1.0000	hamilton elementary school apparel - hawks official store e 8th ave, sanford, florida purchase hamilton elementary school branded apparel and gear online. design and personalize products for sanford hawks teams, clubs, staff, friends and family. many possibilities - football t-shirts, basketball hoodies, soccer sweatshirts, etc. so show off your spirit and start creating custom apparel today
__label__non_math	1.0000	jefferson elementary school apparel - patriots official store w park, hobbs, new mexico purchase jefferson elementary school branded apparel and gear online. design and personalize products for hobbs patriots teams, clubs, staff, friends and family. many possibilities - football t-shirts, basketball hoodies, soccer sweatshirts, etc. so show off your spirit and start creating custom apparel today
__label__non_math	1.0000	at t national begins video golfers and spectators attended the at t national pro-am today at congressional country club. we talked to some spectators who were up early to watch tiger woods tee off and we met some younger golf fans who said this tournament is always the highlight of their summer, noting how much they enjoy volunteering at it. in this clip, you will hear from marissa baly of washington, d.c. and you will see tiger woods returned to the greens late in the day to practice his putting. he and many of the other golfers were also spotted signing autographs and giving out some high fives. the first round of professional play takes place tomorrow june from a.m. p.m. for more info, visit the at t national website.
__label__non_math	0.9905	"electronic resource? what the heck is an electronic resource?" ever been searching the catalog and come across a listing that says electronic resource? do you sit there and say to yourself, what the heck does that mean? can i get this or not? well the answer is yes. while "electronic resource" can mean a few of different things, the upshot is that the title is usually available, just not physically. for mcpl, an electronic resource can be any of a variety of helpful items. it could be a downloadable audiobook from overdrive and netlibrary, an electronic copy of a book from safari technical and business books, or an article in one of our many databases. whichever it is, this does mean the item is available, just maybe in a different format than you are used to. right now, if you click on the word url, it will take you to the appropriate online resource for the item. so next time you are searching our catalog and come across an electronic resource, stop and take the time to click on url. it may take you to a brand new world of information.tags: databases, online resources, ebooks, audiobooks
__label__non_math	0.9999	need a book? got a question? we can help you with that i sit on a shelf and watch as you pass pass over my spine, read, and move on on to where i can t see past the stack, but please come back back to me, for i am a book and in desperate need need to be read and pass on what i know no one understands how lonely i am am sitting on this shelf as you pass pass over no wait up to be read, and now i know what a dream come true want to help fulfill a book s dream? just come on into the parkville branch any time during our regular hours. we re always eager to help you find that special gem of a book, and if we can t find it in our library, we ll put it on hold from one of our other branches. even then, if it's not in our system at all, we have yet one more place to look dramatic pause interlibrary loan your friendly neighborhood librarians
__label__non_math	0.9999	china service medal the china service medal was a relatively early entry into the hallowed halls of the medals of america when it was created by an act of congress in august of . these us military medals were established to honor us navy, marine corps, and coast guard personnel who served ashore in china or were attached to vessels that operated in support of operations in china either between july and september of , or between september of and april of . regulations permitted the wearing of a bronze service star on these military medals and ribbons if a service member had performed duty during both periods of eligibility. these navy medals are now considered obsolete, and are no longer issued by the us navy. however, they can still be worn by navy personnel who earned them during that period. these navy, coast guard and marine corps ribbons and medals are worn in the position directly below the navy expeditionary medal, the marine corps expeditionary medal and the coast guard s medal for humane action; and are worn directly above the national defense service medal in the general order of precedence that has been established for the proper display of all navy, marine corps and coast guard military ribbons and medals. the china service medal is generally available as navy, marine corps, and coast guard decorations in the form of military medals, ribbons, and lapel pins. they can be worn as traditional slide-on medals, mini medals, and ribbons. while traditionalist may still prefer to purchase the traditional slide-on full size military medals, mini-medals, and slide-on military ribbons; the newer thin mini-medals, and ultra thin military ribbons commercial suppliers now provide have become extremely popular among up and coming military personnel who know how important it is to their career advancement to always maximize the neatness and smartness of their uniform appearance.
__label__non_math	0.9997	share 'the state of grace - mario testino and natalia vodianova' in this fashion spread for vogue uk, mario testino once again shows us why he's at the top of fashion photography. the peruvian fashion photographer captures the raw beauty of russian-born model, natalia vodianova, with his interesting choice of background. the dresses are ornate, the background, gritty, but it all balances out to create a wonderfully edgy photo shoot. you can share this blog post in two ways share this link: send it with your computer's email program: email this
__label__non_math	1.0000	back to the list of recipes cranberry apple crisp bring a scarlet red cranberry apple crisp to the table. by: emily betz tyra photographer: todd zawistowski - medium tart apples, pared and sliced - cups fresh or frozen cranberries - cup sugar - cup flour - cup old-fashioned oats - cup brown sugar - teaspoon cinnamon optional - cup chilled butter, cut into small pieces - cup chopped pecans optional position oven rack in middle of the oven. preheat oven to 375 f. lightly grease a -inch-square baking pan or pie plate. in a large bowl mix the apples and cranberries with the sugar until coated. transfer to baking pan. in a small bowl, mix flour, oats, brown sugar and cinnamon optional . work in butter with two knives until light and crumbly. sprinkle topping over apples and cranberries in the baking pan. sprinkle with chopped pecans optional . bake to minutes, or until apples are tender. watch to make sure pecans do not burn. cool to minutes before serving. serves mynorth food wine up north newsletter - impress your guests with great recipes from area chefs and restaurants. - be in the know when it comes to our local wine scene. - stretch your dining dollars with seasonal restaurant specials for every budget. all this and more when you subscribe to our free monthly e-newsletter, food wine up north. start your free subscription today.
__label__non_math	1.0000	sun, at most beautiful woman in the world if there is another person out there more beautiful or more perfect than nicki, i want someone to show me or i want to meet them myself. she is absolutely stunning no matter what kinda wig she wears,no matter what kinda dress. doesn't matter what color either. this girl just defnies the word "beauty"
__label__non_math	0.9957	fri, at okay barbs, i know i recently posted a blog about parker ighile - so beautiful, and as much as i love that song and still think you should be repp'n it.... i think you should check out his other song 'heaven's playgroud'. it is literally the most beautiful perfect song i've listened to and defiantly think it deserves more recognition as he is such a talented artist. heres the link- if you could take 2minutes to watch it and share to people i think it would mean not only a lot to parkernation but also to mr. ighile himself x
__label__non_math	0.9902	as already annotated on the project cost management money is not the most present aspect in the discussion of open source software and free software. but having free software which supports the project cost management process and the project procurement management process would surely be an advantage... perhaps also for those free software developers which already are paid by a project. project procurement management the project procurement management " ... includes the processes to purchase or acquire the products, services, or results needed from outside the project team to perform the work". an organization can either be the buyer or the seller of these products, services and so on. and the procurement management includes the contract management and the change control processes " ... required to administer contracts or purchase orders issued by authorized team members". and like some of the other knowledge areas the project procurement management contains an internal structure strictly following the pattern of plan , execute , and control : - at first one " ... determines what to purchase or acquire and determines when and how": one plans purchases and acquisitions - secondly one " ... documents products, services, and results requirements and identifies potentional sellers: one plans the contracting - then one requests seller responses, ... - ... one selects a seller, and - ... one administrates the contracts. - and last but not least one organizes the contract closure. comp. pmbok3, page 269
__label__non_math	1.0000	simply confirm your registered email address below and click "reset password." we will immediately email you a link back to the site where you can enter a new password for this account. we've found your existing radio heads account. please login below to complete the facebook login process. boch studio . boch studio .photos radio .on facebook radio .on twitter greater boston radio, inc. - radio .
__label__non_math	0.6219	sorry we missed you at re body , we believe that lasting body transformation is possible; however it cannot be found in just one magic solution. we believe it requires knowledge from science which we have and a commitment which you have . have a question?our team of experts is here to help. call toll-free 855--rebody
__label__non_math	0.9998	content marketing well it s nothing new and it s all about the planning many people who own websites and marketing experts claim to be an authority on content marketing, but not many of them seem to be able to give an actual definition of the term. according to that good old source, wikipedia, content marketing is described thus: content marketing is an umbrella term encompassing all marketing formats that involve the creation and sharing of content in order to attract, acquire and engage clearly defined and understood current and potential consumer bases with the objective of driving profitable customer action . content marketing subscribes to the notion that delivering information to prospects and customers drives profitable consumer action. content marketing has benefits in terms of retaining reader attention and improving brand loyalty . so that s it in a nutshell really, but if handled badly, content can do as much harm to your business as good. it s really all about developing a strategy and consistently monitoring the impact that your content delivers. so if your content is dull, uninteresting, reads badly or does nothing to engage your customer or provide a call to action, then really there s no point having it. after all, having a bad online presence is even worse than having none at all. how to create content that rocks - mix it up don t just provide content from your blog, think silly pictures, whitepapers, anything that gives value to your company. - use social properly social media is a valuable marketing tool in which you can get your content noticed; it s essential to ensure that your followers are engaging so adapt and learn as you go along. inspire people to click like, keep it simple and maintain your brand s personality . social media channels are renowned for being friendly and the best marketers know that interaction with fans is key. - passion you know your business better than anyone else, if you didn t have a passion for that business, you wouldn t be in it. this is something that it s vital to get across if you want your followers to believe in you and your product or service. - innovative try to come up with content that is forward-thinking and innovative, things that will excite your followers and therefore drive engagement. is it all about social media marketing then? a resounding no whilst whitepapers can be expensive, the roi can be significant, so it s definitely worth investigating, unless you have the time and skills to write your own. however, it s better to commission a whitepaper and ensure that it s engaging whilst informative, not particularly an easy task. content should also focus on your target audience and be easy to find, it s not much use having all of this excellent, engaging and goal-driven content if you can t get found. invest in time or an agency into doing your seo; this is something that is constantly changing at the moment, so it s as well to have an expert on your side if you re not that clued up. what not to do - don t be overly opinionated or argue points with potential customers, be open to what they are saying and if need be, nicely labour your point, but not too much. remember that your followers are people who are interested in what you have to say, but also have opinions of their own, which you should listen to. - don t unashamedly plug your product on every single social media management post and remember that blogs should be industry driven, not about how great you are that s a sure-fire way of losing readers very quickly. of course, you can mention your product socially, but not every post, like i said, mix it up with funny images, regular and video infographics, stats, whatever your audience seems to enjoy the most. - don t write your content yourself if you can t write. it s that simple. not only will you find that readers are immediately disillusioned, but thin content or copied will cause you to lose traffic and find your search engine optimisation going south as you plummet down google rankings. it could be said that content marketing services are something of a buzz at the moment, but content marketing been around for a while, in one incarnation or another, it s just come more to the forefront since the social media explosion. it s important to plan your strategy as eventually you ll find yourself running out of ideas. set up a work spreadsheet and brainstorm topics, keeping a keen eye on the ones that work and ticking them off for future coverage. have a staff meeting once a week to go over the strategy and if it s not working, then more brainstorming is in order. also, remember, one of the most important aspects of content is quality so ensure that it s well written at all times and images graphics are equally good. need help with your content and delivery? hire us for social media optimisation.
__label__non_math	0.9987	this award recognizes a member of management in the field that has, over the past year, demonstrated outstanding leadership in addressing safety security issues. in addition to the enhanced safety and security of their venue, the recipient s contributions have set an example for others to follow. the award is selected by each professional league and the ncaa and presented annually by a league official at the national sports safety and security conference exhibition. dollase established all security protocols for the venue, which opened in , and supervised the installation and implementation of the venue s cctv system, which provides constant monitoring of the facility that was recently nominated for sports business journal s facility of the year. dollase developed and operates effective security protocols for high level vips and the security around them. in addition to these specific achievements, he is responsible for day-to-day security team management and is involved in all decisions made involving a security risk at the stadium. dollase is formerly of beeville, where he served as a reserve police officer.
__label__non_math	0.9976	arching like an inverted eyebrow below san antonio, it lights up like a comet running southeast of austin down to just above laredo. it s one thing to drive through sections of the eagle ford, as when crossing from beeville to san antonio, but it s impressive to see the scope of it lit up at night from space. keep in mind that most of these communities wouldn t have likely shown up in night photos as recently as . now the region is aglow with rigs and production facilities. that s something at which both to marvel and remind us to be cautious with our region s ecology, roads and management. this is a life-changing moment in south texas. we must move wisely to make sure the benefits outweigh the negatives. for there s no denying everything is changing. it s as plain as a light in the dark sky. jeff latcham
__label__non_math	1.0000	the texas agrilife extension service plays a vital role in refugio county, he told the commissioners at last week s meeting. we provide relevant, research-based information and education to help texans improve their lives and to address their problems. donalson is at the forefront of educational programs for youths and adults alike, which plays an important role in rural counties like refugio. the agent and his assistant monica flores, sponsor and assist sponsors of dozens of programs offered through -h and other organizations throughout the county. there were over 225 refugio county youth that participated in the youth livestock show that is held in conjunction with the refugio county fair, donalson said. the livestock that is exhibited is sold to local youth supporters for upwards of . therefore, it is of the utmost importance to ensure that buyers are receiving a safe, quality product that has been raised in an ethical manner. the county s junior livestock committee along with the extension service developed the refugio county quality counts program held last august. the three-hour event educated youths on the aspects of proper and ethical livestock production. an overwhelming 100 percent of participants had increased test scores after attending the program. donalson said percent of the youths were not cleaning their facilities. sixty-seven percent had never attended a program, donalson said. the agent told the court that successful programs for youths such as the earth science field day as well as adults, such as the africanized bee safety training were well-received and will continue and new ones will be instituted for as need arises. a program developed in that will continue in is an annual refugio county beef cattle workshop. beef producers also participate in the tri-county blanconia field day and the tri county commercial cattle sale. the county, though the smallest, grossed the highest in the sale, donalson said. farming interest are also addressed with field trials and the annual crop tour. development of an educational food program began late in the year and is expected to be implemented this year. we respond to the residents who come to us for information and educational services and reach out to meet local educational needs, donalson said. more information about programs and activities may be obtained by contacting the extension office at 107 e. roca in refugio or by calling 526-.
__label__non_math	0.9782	one typical question which frequently pops up is whenever it is better to use hardware upgrade or optimize software more. i already wrote about it, for example here. today i ll look at the same topic from the consultants view. when consultant should suggest hardware upgrade and when it is not in a simple checklist form. our customers or prospective customers often ask us how we do a performance audit it s our most popular service . i thought i should write a blog post that will both answer their question, so i can just reply read all about it at this url and share our methodology with readers a little bit. this ... we have finally found the time to update out presentation pages we ve added the presentation on mysql scaling by sharding and replication as well as russian language presentations i ve given at highload conference back in october. innodb scalability and new features russian , scaling mysql-powered web sites by sharding and replication russian , wonderful world of ... although we haven t announced any new members in a while, the percona team has continued to grow steadily behind the scenes. our hiring policy is to have a few months provisional period to ensure the , of course. ewen has been a consultant and contractor before joining percona, and has many years of experience in oracle, mysql, unix systems . piotr biel lives in poland, quite close to our other polish team member maciek dobrzanski . in his past as a system architect he can do ewen and piotr, a very warm welcome to the percona team from all of us, and we are so glad to was my last day working for mysql and august 1st i started what later was incorporated percona with vadim joining me september 1st as co-founder. two years is a significant anniversary for any startup surviving and being profitable for years can be seen as validation of our business model and ... on monday i had a chance to have a chat with paul vallee from pythian. this was quite an enlightening talk, and i was very impressed by paul openness and willing to share with me a lot of internal operations details. i wish there would be more people out where as open and helpful even ... mysql made some tasks from their internal task tracking tool worklog a while back. i just have not look at it besides checking maria related tasks until couple of days ago as jay announced new forge going live. check it out there are a lot of nice ideas out where. i can find ... during the recent days we had few announcements of people leaving sun mysql few days ago i ve seen announcement by ronald bradford and now i see antony curtis followed. i know bunch of other guys which are considering to leave or stay. i do not surprising how much better sun is compared to microsoft ... i think every person responsible for development or operations of growing application sooner or later have to decide on couple few questions on how to tackle application performance. these questions are: should we optimize application or get more hardware ? should we do things ourselves or hire an experts to help us ? the answer ... as some of you surely know already i m moving back to usa, so does vadim. from very beginning we had much more business from us than from rest of the world combined so this is a great step in company development having more comfortable time zones for our customers without having to work nights as ...
__label__non_math	1.0000	peruse our wide selection of books in a peaceful environment. our on-line shopping site features a wide selection of books and gifts, plus everything you need to create sacred space in your home. interested in a reading? mystic earth readers are available in-store throughout the week to help you find the answers you need. readings are also available by phone or skype
__label__non_math	0.9996	carl hubbell - was a left-handed screwball pitcher in major league baseball who played with the new york giants in the national league from to . hubbell was born in carthage, missouri. nicknamed "king carl" by the fans and "the meal ticket" by his teammates, hubbell's first major-league victory was a -shutout of the philadelphia phillies. making a late entry to the majors at age , hubbell would go -in his first season, and would pitch his entire career for the giants. with a slow delivery of his devastating screwball, hubbell recorded five consecutive -win seasons for the giants , and helped his team to three nl pennants and the world series title. in the series, he won two complete game victories, including an -inning -triumph in game four the run was unearned . in six career series starts, he was -with strikeouts and a low .earned run average. in the all-star game played at the polo grounds, hubbell set a record by striking out babe ruth, lou gehrig, jimmie foxx, al simmons and joe cronin in succession: five batters destined for cooperstown. in , the 50th anniversary of this legendary performance, the national league pitchers fernando valenzuela and dwight gooden combined to fan six batters in a row for a new all-star game record future hall of famers dave winfield, reggie jackson, and george brett by valenzuela; lance parrish, chet lemon, and alvin davis by gooden . hubbell himself was on hand for the all-star game at san francisco's candlestick park to throw out the first pitch a screwball of course . hubbell finished his career with a 253-154 record, strikeouts, 724 walks, shutouts and a .era, in innings pitched. after his retirement, hubbell served as director of the giants' minor league organization and director of player development for years. the last years of his life were spent as a giants scout. carl hubbell was inducted into the baseball hall of fame in . he died due to injuries sustained in an auto accident in scottsdale, arizona at years of age. hubbell is interred in meeker-newhope cemetery in meeker, oklahoma. in , he ranked number on the sporting news' list of the 100 greatest baseball players, and was a nominee for the major league baseball all-century team.
__label__non_math	0.9988	sometimes i am tired, and sometimes i'm really tired for no good reason. i have written a couple of other articles on the subject because i am so much more tired than i was even a few years ago, and i want to know why. is it because i am getting older? are my nutrients depleted? here is a reason i found as to why some of us might be a little tired. it might be a shortage of probiotic bacteria if you are tired and also suffer with one or more of these symptoms. - abdominal bloat - puffy face - swollen feet - irritable bowel - frequent carb craving if this list has some symptoms you have been dealing with, you can try to fix it with two 1cup servings of yogurt daily. make sure you pick a yogurt with a label that says 'contains live cultures.' or, you can take a probiotic supplement daily because that sure is a lot of yogurt. to get much of that yogurt in your diet, try having it in smoothies, use it to make sauces, add to your oatmeal instead of milk, or top your fruit with your favorite flavor for a delicious snack or lunch.
__label__non_math	0.6188	mythtv-users minor questions on interface options, remote key bindings, and flow michael t. dean mtdean at thirdcontact.com thu aug :utc on , d. moonfire wrote: michael t. dean wrote: on , d. moonfire wrote: . i have no clue why i can't get my number keys to work. : in the lircrc file, it is just "", right? yep. however, those keys are used for different things in different places i.e. will bring up the icon help in watch recordings , so they may be working and you may just not be noticing. i know they aren't working. if i use the board on the epg and type 501 first movie channel , it jumps to the channel. on the remote, it just doesn't do anything. i'll see if there is an error log file or something and post for help if i still can't figure it out. it's almost definitely your lirc configuration, then. check carefully the button names and verify they're as defined in your etc lircd.conf , the " and make sure you don't have multiple stanzas begin though end section for the buttons. every time you change your lirc config .lircrc or .mythtv lircrc , you'll have to restart the lirc client. every time you change etc lircd.conf, you'll have to restart lircd and the lirc client. you may want to use irw to test--it's easier to just keep restarting irw than constantly restarting mythfrontend. more information about the mythtv-users
__label__non_math	0.9255	mythtv-users floating point exception pickle136 at sbcglobal.net wed dec :utc on , donn washburn wrote: on , scott wrote: on , donn washburn wrote: every program i have of mythtv is failing to come up and giving me the following error. mythtv-setup floating point exception. is this a sse sse2 issue with a athlon-xp are you using a nvidia card? -geforce gs several of us have figured out it is an opensuse .and or kde4. problem and not a mythtv .problem at all. i am not running a kernel without drm or nouveau in the kernel. it is running a nv.run file its the nvidia driver, go back to versions from the current release. i had a and the same error, installed the previous driver version and the problem went away. more information about the mythtv-users
__label__non_math	0.9999	mytraveler - tourist guide of greece - book flight tickets online best way to view our web site on low resolution monitors press f11 to view web pages in full screen mode, and again f11 to return to the normal screen mode how to find what interests you example: how to find star hotels in prefecture of attica: from the main menu select "accommodation" - " hotels". next click on the image "map with magnifier", on the left side, under the title "select region" and on the opened map click on the attica prefecture. information of places of interest you can find the information for hotels, restaurants, sights, beaches etc. also you can check which other places of interest are in the area of km radius. to do that, just click on the button "nearby you will find..." on the right side of the page, down from the photos. if the button "book now" appears at hotels dedicated page it means that you have the posibility to check the prices for any date and book a room online. otherwise you can click on the tab "request form" which is situated above the photos panel, fill in all the necessary fields and press "submit form" your request will be sent to the accommodation and later you will get the answer. save your favorite places in order to save places that you liked, on the information page you should click on the button "add to my journal" which is located on the right side of the page, under the photos panel. to see your favorite places, click to "my journal" from the main menu. create and print your personal tourist guide you can easily create and print your personal tourist guide. just add the places you liked to "my journal". open the "my journal" page from the main menu and click to the button "print favorite object"
__label__non_math	1.0000	- special sections - public notices louisville, ky. the innovative design and construction methods used on the milton-madison bridge project have been recognized with a best of what s new award from popular science magazine. for years, popular science has honored the innovations that surprise and amaze us those that make a positive impact on our world today and challenge our view of what s possible in the future, said jacob ward, editor-in-chief of popular science. the best of what s new award is the magazine s top honor, and each of the 100 winners chosen from among thousands of entrants is a revolution in its field. the creative approach used in replacing this bridge continues to draw a lot of positive attention, said kevin hetrick, project manager for the indiana department of transportation. there s a lot of pride in this truly exceptional project on both sides of the river. the new u.s. 421 milton-madison bridge, which connects milton, ky., and madison, ind., is under construction and scheduled for completion in spring . walsh construction company teaming up with buckland taylor and burgess niple engineers is building a new truss bridge on temporary piers alongside the existing bridge, allowing the bridge to stay open during construction. next year, the new truss will be slid onto the existing piers, which are being strengthened and reused. the milton-madison bridge project a joint effort between the indiana department of transportation and the kentucky transportation cabinet has received numerous awards. it was named one of the top bridge projects in the country by roads bridges magazine and has received several state and national engineering awards for innovation. when engineers at the firm buckland taylor set out to replace the ,430-foot-long trusses on the -year-old milton-madison bridge over the ohio river, they decided to slide the structures in one move. some of the ,260-ton steel mass will be prefabricated, and the rest erected on temporary piers. eight strand jacks will nudge the whole thing across sliding girders until it comes to rest, a day later, atop the bridge s reinforced pylons feet away.
__label__non_math	0.5436	most of the boas you find for sale will be listed as 'red-tailed' boas. while this is a definite species, the name is generically applied as a marketing term. the name 'boa constrictor' conjures up too many images of old jungle movies. all boas really are 'constrictors' which means they kill their prey by crushing it to death. if your snake wraps itself around your arm or neck, gently unwind it starting from the tail end, not the head. in captivity, young boas are usually fed pre-killed mice, which you can buy frozen. be warned, as the snake gets bigger--and they can grow to ten feet or more--so does their appetite. soon you could be feeding them rabbits. if the thought of a hungry snake gobbling down thumper bothers you, a boa probably isn't the right pet. like any large animal, boas require a lot of room. a large aquarium tank may be okay for a young one, but you can plan on building a fairly huge enclosure eventually. they're also master escape artists. you can expect to spend a fair amount of time wondering where your pet has slithered off to. if you're willing to commit a fair amount of time and money to its care, a boa will get used to being around you, and can eventually become an affectionate pet.
__label__non_math	0.9999	a breed apart :: the "pit bull" debunked by lauren jones wenzel originally bred for blood sports like bull- and bear-baiting in europe and north america, these dogs were trained to attack and immobilize the agitated animal and so were favored for their large, strong jaws and muscular necks and shoulders. when these sports were outlawed in the early 1800s, people began fighting the dogs, a sport more easily concealed from the authorities. since then, their bad reputation, much inflated by the media, has made them the target of unfair discrimination, breed specific legislation breed banning and, thanks to their tough dog image, a favorite dog in the more illegal enterprises. most experts agree that today s pit bull is a short-coated dog characterized by a wide skull, powerful jaws and a muscular, stocky body. but there is great variation in the pit bull s appearance. typically to pounds, some weigh as little as pounds, while others tip the scales at pounds or more. while some have bulkier frames and colossal skulls, others have leaner, more muscular bodies. all are strong and athletic. with their impressive stamina and staunch work ethic, pit bulls enjoy a variety of sports such as agility, disc dog competitions, flyball, freestyle and competitive obedience. they often excel in weight-pulling contests and schutzhund. pit bulls are typically very friendly, even with strangers. they love people and thrive on attention and affection. because of their terrier bloodlines, pit bulls have a high prey drive, meaning they will frequently chase and grab small animals. since most terriers were bred for eradicating small rodents, pit bulls have a tendency to not get along with other animals, including dogs. this makes their early socialization with other animals especially important. pit bulls also have a tendency to be easily aroused or over-excited and, once riled, it can be difficult for them to calm down, so adequate exercise and training are a must with these dogs. they are not the best choice for the first-time dog owner due to their strength and high energy level and, for the more rambunctious dogs, homes with older children are advised due to their energy and strength. because of their unfortunate reputation, owning a pit bull can be a greater responsibility than owning another breed. it is important that they be well-trained and socialized so they can be good ambassadors for their group. yet, those dog guardians ready for the challenge and effort of pit bull ownership will find it to be one of the most loyal, loving, and wonderful companions on four legs.
__label__math	0.5580	houston - convenience store visits remained stable and total channel sales were up in the second quarter of , compared to same quarter year ago, according to the npd group. npd s convenience store research suggests that there were .billion visits to c-stores during q2 , which was about the same traffic level as in q2 , and aggregate channel sales were up . quarter-over-quarter. visits were up at small and other c-store chains, but were down as much at major oil chain c-stores, according to npd s convenience store monitor, which tracks consumer purchasing behavior of more than ,000 convenience store shoppers in the united states. traditional c-stores realized a drop in visits and traffic was flat at conventional convenience stores. morning c-store traffic to c-stores declined by . , mid-day traffic increased by . and visits in the afternoon day part grew by . in the second quarter. "stable is a good place for the c-store channel to be right now given the current state of the economy," said david portalatin, executive director of industry analysis for npd s convenience store research. "although the channel appears to be bucking hints of a double-dip recession, consumers are still evaluating purchases for value and necessity and, as a result, c-store retailers and manufacturers will need to offer and promote value."
__label__non_math	0.9833	reform in spanish education: the institucion libre de ensenanza by noel m. valis paper presented to thomas woody society, university of pennsylvania, this document examines the development and influence of the free institute of education institucion libre de ensenanza and of its founder, don francisco giner de los rios, in late nineteenth century spain. founded in against a background of repression and reimposition of state-controlled education during the bourbon restoration the institute was a private institution free of church and state. its intent was to create an alternative to the higher education system of official spain, but due to financial problems, it evolved into an institution of primary and secondary education. subject matter included traditional, state-required subjects, but also anthropology, technology, social sciences, economics, art, drawing, singing, and handwork--all generally neglected in state- and church-run schools. most radical were the innovations in art and physical education stressing free inquiry, observation, and spontaneous criticism in the former, and development of the whole person in the latter and in the institution of field trips, hiking, and nature observation. the use of textbooks was discouraged as much as possible, and examinations were regarded as producing mostly negative results. emphasis was placed instead upon the creation of student notebooks that reflected the pupil's judgment and synthesis of materials. don francisco borrowed much from the french and english forms of education, and was influenced by rousseau, froebel, pestalozzi, krause, and sanz del rio, the last of whom provided his ideal of reconciling all human facilities to produce an artistic taste, technical preparedness, spiritual elevation and an austere, moral sense of life. the institute fell victim to the civil war of , but proved a pervasive influence in spanish society to this day. mb it has sometimes been said of spanish philosophy, "what spanish philosophy?" the same reproach might be directed at the non-existence of spanish education. "there ain't no such animal," some might claim, forgetting for the moment the intellectual freedom and depth of thirteenth-century toledo under the reign of alfonso x, the wise el sabio , and the splendor and revival of learning in the sixteenth-century universities of salamanca, alcala and other institutions. what is mostly remembered, however, is the disheartening decline of spanish education, ushered in by the rigidities, fears and intolerance of the catholic counter-reformation, of sixteenth- and seventeenth-century spain. but this view of education in spain, of necessity simplified, would not be complete without mention of the establishment and significance of the instititucion libre de ensenanza, in english, the free institution institute of education. in order to understand more clearly the institute's impact on spanish society, i will review very quickly some of the historical background to its founding in . a broad overview of nineteenth-century spain reveals to us that the "lack of civility" among spaniards, which reached such extreme proportions during the civil war, had its roots in the last century. civil war, frequent military uprisings in the form of "pronunciamientos," and dissension everywhere created an ambience of unease and fragmentation within spanish society. historians talk of "las dos espanas," the "two spains," that is, the liberal, progressive side as opposed to the traditional, sometimes reactionary side of the country. it is probably more accurate, however, to talk of the many spains. to disagree was the spaniard's right -- no, his duty to himself, to his own proud sense of individuality and dignity. a solution imposed from above, from the state, seemed, in many cases, the only solution when there were problems, and there were many -- economic, political, religious. the problem of spanish education was only of several, and it too came to be subsumed into the more general and overriding conflict of state versus individual, of authority vs. freedom. reconciling such absolutes frequently failed; worse still, the distinction between philosophy and ideology, that is, between the search for truth and the molding, frequent distorting of existential reality to one's own conception of it, this distinction would too often become blurred in the disputes and violence of nineteenth-century spain. tempers rose, passions were unleashed, ideologies reigned supreme, and somewhere in the shuffle, clarity of vision and truth were lost. this split in spanish society in part gave birth to the free institute of education. specifically, we must look to the years and to explain how the institute came into being. the date conjures up one outstanding event in modern spanish history: the overthrow of the reigning bourbon monarch, isabel ii, an action which is termed the glorious revolution of . it was a somewhat qualified victory for the liberal cause in spain since the end result was to bring confusion, instability, bitterness, and finally, in , the reestablishment of another bourbon king, isabel's son, alfonso xii. this period, called the restoration restauracion in spain, also reinstated the state-controlled, religiously oriented educational system which the revolution of had attempted to change. this move and the specific action which the minister in charge of education, manuel de orovio, brought against the future founder of the institute, francisco giner de los rios, would be the direct and immediate causes of the institute's creation. spanish education: overview before going into a more detailed explanation of the origins of the institute, i think a brief look at the state of spanish education prior to would be useful. in my opening statement, i mentioned two high points in the history of spanish education: the medieval center of learning in toledo and the sixteenth-century universities of salamanca and alcala de henares. both periods were characterized by a high enthusiasm for learning and considerable freedom in which to do it. in toledo, jews, moors and christians collaborated together in a spirit of respect and tolerance. in the first half of the sixteenth century, students and professors at salamanca, alcala and other universities constituted, within an amazing diversity of university modes of existence, an entity independent of the strictures and authority of the state. yet by the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, learning in spain seemed to have ceased. for example, at the university of salamanca, the chair for mathematics and astrology -- the title speaks for itself, i think -- remained vacant for thirtyyears until it was finally filled in . what happened? in brief: the counter-reformation. this is obviously a great simplification of the causes of spain's decadence in education and elsewhere. but certainly spain's withdrawal and increasing isolation from the rest of europe from the middle of the sixteenth century on explains in part the origins of stagnation in her schools and universities. in philip ii forbade study in foreign universities; shortly before that, he banned the importing of books from abroad. the additional power of the inquisition to safeguard orthodoxy among spaniards and weed out the impure and heretical elements must also be taken into account. and finally, as the historian americo castro has pointed out, spaniards became reluctant to demonstrate intellectual powers and curiosity for fear of being taken for a jew. spanish jews were known for their interest in intellectual matters. and nobody wanted to deal with the inquisition. to control the inner life and content of the universities and other schools the government stepped in so that by the nineteenth century spanish schools, particularly the universities, to quote salvador madariaga, "were more government establishments for the granting of official diplomas" p. , spain, n.y., . he goes on to say that "in a sense all universities tend fatally to become degree factories. but in spain ... they were nothing else." schooling on all levels were plagued by unimaginative, and stiff, unbending teaching, bad textbooks, long hours of routine and frequent utter boredom, and sometimes even brutalization. memorization and recitation were the chief pedagogic tools. the first third of the last century also brought in more imitation of french manners and customs, certainly not the first instance of french influence on spanish education. eighteenth-century spain had already adopted gallic centralization of schooling. the critic mariano jose de larra describes the mania of copying, badly, i might add, french mores among the spanish middle classes and well-to-do. the narrator of "el casarse pronto y mal" writes that his sister became enamored of french customs and from then on, "bread was no longer bread pan , nor wine, wine vino ." "suffice it to say," continues larra in this ironic vein, that my sister adopted the ideas of the period; but as this second education was as shallow and superficial as the first her spanish upbringing , and as that weak segment of humanity never knows how not to go to extremes, she suddenly jumped from the christian year of our lord to the era of pigault lebrun a frivolous, sometimes scandalous french novelist and left off going to mass and devotions, without knowing in the least why she did so, why she used to go in the first place. she said that her son could be educated in whatever manner it suited him; that he could read without order or method whatever books fell into his hands; and god knows what other things she said about ignorance and fanaticism, reason and enlightenment, adding that religion was a social contract into which only idiots entered in good faith and that the boy didn't need religion to be good; that the terms, father and mother padre y madre were lower-class, and that one should treat one's papa and mama familiarly with the tu form of address because there is no friendship like that which unites parents to their children. articulos de costumbres, madrid, . a writer of a later period, jose maria de pereda retains this image of his school days in the 's: the chill of death, the obscurity of a dungeon, the stench of grottoes, the unhappiness, affliction and pain of torture permeated the classroom ... virgil and dante, so clever in depicting hell and torment, would have been at wit's end to describe those images of school which are engraved in my memory for the rest of my life ... i believed myself cut off from the refuge of my family and the protection of the state; i heard the swish of the cane and the complaints of the victims, and the lessons were very long, and there were no excuses for not knowing them; and not knowing them meant caning and mockery, which also hurt; and confinement, fisticuffs, whipping, and the ignominy of all these things. who is the brave soul who could truly paint such scenes if the worst of it was what the spirit felt and not what the eyes saw or the flesh suffered? esbozos y rasgunos, "mas reminiscencias," obras completas, v. , madrid, , p. . he then goes on to say that "one had to know the lesson literally al pie de la letra" , word for word. one misplaced word, one substitute, was enough to merit punishment." p. . why, one asks, was this so? pereda explains that the professor "taught the way he had been taught: by blows. little by little the habit became part of his nature. the want of intellect, the extreme devotion to the profession, the traditions of the classroom and the educational system did the rest." p. . and finally, here is the testimony of yet another writer, the novelist benito perez galdos, who describes spanish education in the 's: the class lasted hours and hours ... never was there a more repugnant nightmare, fashioned out of horrible aberrations which were called arithmetic, grammar or ecclesiastical history ... around the axis of boredom revolved such grave problems as syntax, the rule of three, the sons of jacob, all confounded in the common hue of pain, all tinted with loathing ... el doctor centeno, obras completas, v. , madrid, p. . pereda was a conservative, galdos a liberal -- yet both concur that the spanish educational system was wretched. thus, when liberals and progressives took control in , one of their first priorities was educational reform. they declared, first of all, the principle of freedom of education and teaching. the instability and factionalism of the liberal regime, however, precluded any lasting reforms in education. the conservative return to power in reestablished the right of the state to dictate to schools the textbooks to be used and the curriculum to be followed. in addition, orovio, the minister in charge of education, sent out to the directors or rectores of the universities a circular in which he recommended that no religious doctrines inimical to those held by the state be taught and that no political ideas be expressed to the detriment of the king's person or the constitutional monarchy then in power. the circular also stated that action would be taken against any professor who so indulges in such political or religious meditations -- i.e., expulsion from the university. the minister's recommendations were no mere recommendations. the result of all this was the removal of several professors from their faculty chairs. among them was the future founder of the institute, francisco giner de los rios. for not adhering to the state's demands, he was arrested in march , at in the morning, and spent four months confinement until he was finally expelled from the university. the principle in question was clearly one of academic freedom. the state, however, saw the "university question" "cuestion universitaria" from another angle: that is, the university and its faculties were no more than instruments of the government's policies and, therefore, were obligated to conform to the state's instructions and directives. the professors were, in effect, civil servants and still are today . this, then, is the historical and educational background to the founding of the institucion libre de ensenanza, the institute, in . the institucion libre de ensenanza perhaps the most significant point to be made about the institute's existence is the profound and far-reaching, if diffuse, influence of its founder, francisco giner de los rios, a professor of philosophy of law at the university of madrid. it was largely don francisco's attractive and vibrant personality which held the institute together and proved to be the prime mover of the school. all the accounts of don francisco by friends, former students, disciplines, and fellow professors stress the very personal and individual effect of the man. this is not to deny the cogency of his ideas and methods of teaching but simply to make clear that, with don francisco, abstractions were made concrete in his very person; that is, through him and his relations with men and women, he incarnated his own beliefs. one friend had this to say about him as a teacher at the time of his death in : what was the secret of his teaching? did he reveal anything new? or was it that everything was transformed at the touch of his powerful creative imagination? the secret lay as much in the form as in the substance. as a teacher, he brought us something that was the complete opposite of the old methods; and he discouraged the craze for oratory which has been so damaging to education in spain. in his lectures at the university or at the institution, he only aimed at one thing: to shake the pupil out of his torpor, stir him up to independent investigation, to working the thing out by himself; and above all he recommended games, art, the country. as an educationist he created a complete system of social education, which had for its axis the child, the citizen, the man as he would like to see him, healthy in mind and body, and working for a spain that was strong and dignified and which must one day rise again. j.b. trend, origins of modern spain, n.y. , p. . or as another writer put it: "he gave us our conception of the universe and of the way to peel an orange." p. 103 . what was don francisco's creation, the institute, like and what were its educational and philosophical origins? how did don francisco and his disciples "make men," "hacer hombres," the overriding goal of the institute? as j.b. trend, rafael altamira, and others have noted, don francisco giner believed that the most pressing problem of spain was the problem of education. he, like the literary generation of , was obsessed -- and rightly so -- with the question of spain's decadence, and the vital necessity for her regeneration. and he took the now classic position of the nineteenth-century liberal that through education lay the country's revitalization. it must be clearly understood that don francisco's efforts were those of a minority and directed toward a minority. it was not mass education, although the effects of the institute certainly were to reach public education throughout spain in the twentieth century. first and most important, the institute was created as a private institution, independent of both church and state. i don't think it is necessary to do more than mention here the historic interdependence of church and state in spain. the credo of the institute, which appeared regularly on the masthead of its publication, the bulletin of the free institute of education el boletin de la institucion libre de ensenanza was as follows: the free institute of education is completely opposed to religious, philosophical and political sectarianism, proclaiming only the principle of liberty and the inviolability of science and the concomitant independence of scientific research and explanation, with regard to any other authority than that of the conscience itself of the professor, who is alone responsible for his ideas. cited by a. jimenez-landi, "don francisco giner de los rios y la institucion libre de ensenanza," revista hispanica moderna, v. , nos. , , , p. . because spain's educational history had been one of bickering and divisiveness between the demands of the state and the private sector, and conflict between the precepts of the church and needs of science, with religion usually dominating over science, don francisco abhorred dogmatic, closed positions. he fervently believed in tolerance. it was not, however, mere intellectual benevolence which motivated don francisco. rather, it was an ethical, moral stance, a way of life, which he wanted to instill in his pupils, the "institutionists." a follower of giner de los rios, jose castillejo, has written that, for don francisco, "the two greatest forces in education are: the personality of the teacher and the social atmosphere and surroundings of the school" wars of ideas in spain, london, , p. . we have already seen in the magnetic power of don francisco's teaching itself the importance of the teacher's personality. what about the ambience of the school? here, one sees right away to what extent don francisco and his disciples felt compelled to move away from the current, i.e., antiquated and rigid teaching methods and atmosphere of both public and private schools in spain. first, the classroom should be informal, akin to familial surroundings. the teacher should not merely dictate or lecture, but rather converse, using whatever approach or combination of approaches worked best, starting with the socratic dialogue. no one method was to be used, to the exclusion of all others. the teacher was a guide, the pupils a family. a small family. classes were to be kept small. and coeducational primary and secondary education in spain today is not coeducational. cordiality and the spirit of discovery were the key words at the institute. don francisco aimed at dispelling not only the fear and horror of school, such as we have seen in pereda's reminiscences, but the passivity with which most students received their education. the original intent of the institute was to create an alternative to the higher education of official spain, but the desire was not to be met. it was quickly found to be beyond the resources of the institute which suffered from chronic insufficiency of funds from its inception. instead, the school evolved into an institution of primary and secondary education. since most students entering a spanish university were ill-prepared to meet its demands, the "institutionists" felt that a solid intellectual, moral, physical and spiritual background given in the primary and secondary levels of education was an a priori necessity. what was taught at the institute besides the traditional subjects required by the state curriculum included anthropology, technology, social sciences, economics, art, drawing, singing, and handwork. most of these subjects were generally neglected in state and church-run schools of the period. most remembered and most significant are the innovations carried out in the arts and in physical education, and the frequent excursions. first, art. "institutionists," for the most part, tried to avoid systematic and highly structured courses in art and art history. instead, they emphasized such activities as excursions to historical monuments and places and visits to museums. such an unorthodox procedure was unheard-of in nineteenth-century spain. rather than mere lessons, the institute stressed the actual, vivid experiencing of art as much as possible. like the literary generation of , they also, in a sense, rediscovered spain's cultural heritage, by extolling the value of spanish folklore, architecture and painting. it was, for example, a disciple of don francisco, manuel de cossio, who rediscovered the forgotten and neglected el greco for spaniards and the rest of the world. one of the most delightful illustrations of the institute's approach to art is to be found in don francisco's essay on "spontaneous criticism by children of the fine arts." in it he describes how a group of children of twelve and fourteen years of age, conducted by him one day to a museum, learned to form their own artistic sensibilities and judgments by comparing two pieces of sculpture, one by donatello and the other by lucas de la robbia. on this occasion, don francisco did not even attempt to point out the obvious differences in style, expression and composition in the two sculptures. he simply let the children use their own powers of observation, uninfluenced by any previous explanations or prejudices. thus, through observation, they were able to define the work. the second and more difficult problem, says don francisco, was one of judgment. which was the better sculpture? "i discovered," he writes, "a very curious phenomenon: there was a unanimous explosion in favor of lucas de la robbia. they stumbled over their words in their rush to tell me that from the very first de la robbia had seemed to them so superior that they could scarcely understand why there should be any doubt; that sweetness, that mystical expression, that softness, that elegance, that repose. how could anyone compare this divine object with the coarse rawness and the hard, unbecoming and massive forms of donatello? why, it was almost a caricature of a sculpture a second innovation which i mentioned before was the approach to physical education. rather than the routine and boredom of calisthenics, directed toward a military goal of physical competence, the institute stressed games, games which were to form character. the use of games as an ethical force is, of course, an educational practice borrowed from the public schools of england. anyone who has read kipling's stalky and company or the early school novels of p. g. wodehouse will have a good idea of what i am referring to. but, for don francisco, playing cricket and football also signified that the whole person was being educated. intellectual formation alone was lopsided. to provide an integral education required an awareness and use of one's own body. mere discreet walks, in carefully monitored lines, which was the usual practice and extent of physical exercise in other schools, were simply inadequate. the third point of the institute's educational program were the excursions out to the countryside. this also was unheard-of in the last century of spain. long walks and mountain climbing simply were not done. in don francisco's time, people shut all their windows tight, never letting in fresh air; they frequented taverns and cafes, and sometimes strolled casually at night for a short walk along a busy thoroughfare, but almost never thought exploring the countryside an exhilarating occupation. again, like the generation of , don francisco and his institute discovered the spanish countryside. before that, almost no one seems to have appreciated it. realist novelists, for example, rarely describe nature; even the spanish romanticists evidence little sensitivity toward nature. the idea, which was brought back from paris in by one of the institute's professors, was, like the introduction of games, imported from abroad and adapted to spanish circumstances. excursions developed the intellectual and physical capabilities of the pupil; more important, for don francisco, they allowed one to enter into communion with nature, to feel oneself as part of a whole. i would like to touch briefly on two other aspects of the institute's educational program; the use of textbooks and examinations. don francisco discouraged the use of textbooks; to a great extent, he did so as a reaction to the wretched official textbooks forced on students at state-and church-run schools. instead, he preferred the creation of student notebooks which reflected the child's own judgments and synthesis of the material, and which were carefully checked and read by the teachers. likewise, don francisco felt that examinations brought mostly negative results. examinations in other schools were simply the means to acquire a degree; and stressed only the student's ability to memorize and to repeat exactly what the professor dictated in class. respect for the freedom of the child is at the heart of the institute's teaching. the intuitive method in education, which goes back to jacques rousseau, by way of froebel and pestalozzi, was practiced by the institute. this meant the substitution of restraint, obligation, and mechanical behavior by personal effort, spontaneity, and school work which had become and attractive. these then, were the main points of the institute's program. it should be noted that the educational reform undertaken by the institute was not the first instance of attempts to improve education in spain; and that the institute's pedagogy depended, to a large extent, on influences from abroad which were modified to suit the spanish temperament. the pedagogical efforts of gaspar melchor de jovellanos in the eighteenth century and the short-lived pestalozzian schools of the early nineteenth are but two examples of such attempts at educational improvement in spain. with regard to the institute's educational philosophy, we have already seen that the "institutionists" borrowed from both england and france. and a survey of the institute's publications reveals that don francisco and his colleagues were quite aware of the pedagogical approaches of pestalozzi and froebel. but perhaps the most significant, if somewhat vague, influence on the institute is derived from the importation of the ideas of an obscure, second-rate german philosopher by name of christian friedrich krause by a then equally obscure spanish professor, julian sanz del rio. this is not the place to examine the abstruse metaphysics of krause or of sanz del reio's adaptation of it, but simply to state that sanz del rio's profoundly ethical work, humanity's ideal for life strongly influenced francisco giner de los rios and many other spanish intellectuals who, during the 's and 's, called themselves krausistas. the krausist tendency and ideal to create a world increasingly more unified, harmonious and complete is translated in pedagogical terms into the attempt to reconcile all the faculties of the human being, to develop the whole personality of the individual so that he or she might cultivate not only an artistic taste and sensibility, but a technical preparation, spiritual elevation, and an austere, moral sense of life. despite the criticisms leveled against don francisco and his institute of being anti-religious, the institute did inculcate a spiritual leaning in its students without favoring any particular orthodox religious belief. don francisco himself was a boliovor. jose castillejo writes that "ginor ... following sanz del rio, believed that schools need a religious spirit, to lift up the minds of children towards a universal order of the world, a supreme ideal of life and a harmony among men and between humanity and nature. without that spirit education is dead and dry" wars of ideas in spain, p. 100 . one could say, in brief, that the whole of the institute's education, the entire atmosphere of the institute, was permeated with this spiritualization of man and the universe. it does not take too much imagination to see that the institute would not be without enemies. the ideological dichotomy between left and right, progressive and traditionalist, in spain immediately polarized the significance of the institute. it was the product of the devil for some; the only hope and salvation in spain for others. the institute itself fell, one more victim, to the ravages of spain's civil war in . yet, looked at dispassionately, the institute's openness to ideas and influences from the rest of europe, its undogmatic approach to education and to life itself, could not help but bring a breath of fresh air to the closed and narrow society of nineteenth-century spain. if it perhaps erred too much in the direction of intellectual anarchy and placed too much confidence in the innate goodness of man, the institute's efforts at raising the moral and intellectual level of spaniards became an all-pervasive influence in many institutions, both public and private, in government circles, in business. the institute was "much more than a school." it was an atmosphere of intellectual and moral enlightenment; and a belief in the regeneration of spain.
__label__non_math	1.0000	if you re not closing of your internet leads, you must attend this webinar. jerry gave an entire session on this topic at digital dealer, now you can get the same information without leaving your dealership. jerry thibeau, founder of phone ninjas, will provide you with techniques on how to deliver a world-class response to internet customers. jerry will cover response times, outbound phone calls, and e-mail templates, and you will even learn how to create a personalized video message for your clients. what will you learn and what action items will you take back to the dealership? learn how to respond to an internet lead in less than minutes. learn how to employ proper techniques when making an outbound call to an internet customer. learn to write e-mail template copy that get results. learn how to make a personalized video message to each internet lead. can't attend at this time? register anyway if you are unable to attend the webinar at this time, please register anyway and you will be sent a link to a recording of the webinar along with the presentation slides. date: wednesday time: - pacific - mountain - central - eastern
__label__non_math	1.0000	indonesian police consider toned-down gaga show indonesian police said friday they were considering an offer from the promoters of an upcoming lady gaga show proposing to tone down the pop star's racy performance. jakarta police said last week it would not give the green-light to the june show after islamic hardliners threatened chaos if the star entered indonesia, meaning she has so far been unable to obtain a permit to perform. "we have received a document outlining an agreement by the promoters big daddy, which says lady gaga's concert will reflect indonesian culture," jakarta police spokesman rikwanto, who goes by one name, told agence france presse. "we will evaluate it, and if we agree, we hope to sign it today friday and forward it to the national police." rikwanto said the agreement included rules obliging lady gaga to dress more modestly, and to tone down her lyrics and sexually-charged choreography. the promoters of the performer's born this way ball show in jakarta had sold more than ,000 tickets. they could not be immediately contacted to confirm they had sent an offer to police. lady gaga on tuesday said on her official twitter account that if the show went ahead, she would perform "alone", meaning she would drop her dancers. her manager troy carter, however, said in singapore on thursday that the star would "not tone down any upcoming concerts", despite some objections in several asian countries, including the philippines and south korea. he said lady gaga would skip shows before toning them down, adding "it's a very specific show, it's a very specific audience". the national police, which has the authority to issue the permit, said last week it would not grant lady gaga permission to perform without the jakarta police's approval. several islamic organizations opposed the concert, with the hardline islamic defenders front vowing to round up ,000 protestors if the performer tried to enter the country. the police decision last week was met with a public backlash that authorities are buckling to hardliners. it has also triggered debate among the country's leaders on foreign influences on indonesia, the world's most populous muslim-majority nation, where percent of its 240 million people identify as muslim.
__label__non_math	0.8225	player of the week - no. kansas city, mo. - oklahoma baptist outside hitter kristin pressley has been named the naia volleyball player of the week, the national office announced tuesday. pressley was selected based on her performance from sept. oct. and was chosen out of a pool of conference player of the week selections among conference independent unaffiliated groupings. pressley powered the 20th-ranked bison to four wins over the past week, racking up kills in the process. she posted double-doubles in all four matches, including a -kill, -dig performance in a sooner athletic conference sac victory over lubbock christian texas on oct. . she tallied digs, five service aces and a .251 hitting percentage in sets. the -, sophomore from mansfield, texas, ranks third in the naia in total kills with 375, 18th in total digs with 407 and 25th in kills per set with .. she leads oklahoma baptist -, -sac in all of those statistics. the next player of the week announcement will be on oct. . nominees: lindsey davis, mid-continent ky. ; bethany beckman, arizona christian; yiting cao, spring hill ala. ; lindsey adams, siena heights mich. ; linjun ji, midamerica nazarene kan. ; regina trapp, st. thomas texas ; emilee schutta, jamestown n.d. ; leah keller, kansas wesleyan; hannah scholz, montreat n.c. ; casey chernin, missouri baptist; lindsey oberacker, point park pa. ; taylor reuther, xavier la. ; brittney thomas, mount mercy iowa ; nicole graybeal, lewis-clark state idaho ; kate kendall, illinois tech; gloria kemp, embry-riddle fla. ; shayna schacher, hastings neb. ; madison serrano, westmont calif. ; shannon cahill, campbellsville ky. ; sara schum, indiana southeast; kate denlinger, indiana wesleyan; sarah holgen, southern oregon; ashley iwanski, saint mary neb. ; rachel vartanian, holy names calif. . composite winners week : danica markovic, texas at brownsville week : paula ferreira, columbia mo. week : yiting cao, spring hill ala. week : kim weaver, cornerstone mich. week : kristin pressley, oklahoma baptist
__label__non_math	0.9993	china glaze hologlam planned for spring wonderful news has just reached me on twitter via a tweet from polishgalore who is visiting cosmoprof in las vegas right now. china glaze is releasing another holographic collection and she attached this picture: it s hard to see the holo at first but if you look close you will see the little holographic rainbows on top of the swatches. and what you also see is a very glossy polish which is fabulous as i wasn t very into the previous holo collection called tronica that china glaze has released.
__label__non_math	1.0000	stats: members, topics. date: saturday, may at day three of guild wars 's asura week is here, bringing with it some detailed talk from writer angel mccoy. in the new arenanet blog post, angel looks at various aspects of writing the lives and buy guild wars gold. she covers everything from their views of other races, their jobs, even the ups and downs of their familial relationships: "a black sheep in the family affects everyone's reputation, so family tensions among asura run hot." sections: politics business autos jobs career education romance computers phones travel sports fashion health
__label__non_math	0.9981	stats: members, topics. date: saturday, may at nigeria as a country and nigerians as a people all have a culture of non-maintenance. the 'as long as we can get it to work when it needs to' attitude needs to go away for progress to be made. it's so easy to point a finger at dana and other airlines now owing to this recent tragedy but how many of u s service o ur air conditioners and cookers at home? this may shock you but air conditioners and cookers account for more deaths than airline crashes annually over the last decade, over the last century and in fact since the history of the country sef . change begins with you
__label__non_math	1.0000	massive bedroom apt steps from e f trains amazing bedroom apt located in briarwood. just steps to e f trains, lots of great shops and markets. featuring large open living room, modern kitchen, spacious bedrooms, tons of closets and natural light. just renovated, includes heat hot water and cooking gas. laundry elevator with live in super on premise.
__label__non_math	0.9999	renovated upper west side steal this large one bedroom features a large renovated kitchen with dishwasher, granite counter plenty of cabinet space. there is a huge living room, hardwood floors throughout, great closets, brand new bathroom and laundry in the building. its near the -broadway bus and subway line, close to great shopping, restaurants, cafes riverside and central park. the best deal for the price
__label__non_math	1.0000	2013rachel wrote... unfortunately, most of the apts emanual handled were not in a good area for us because of commute times. however, he was a pleasure to work with and was really helpful. i really wish we had kept working with him. each morning we'll email the latest apartments matching your criteria. get recommended listings and offers from agents and landlords. apartments we think you'll like, based on your profile.
__label__non_math	0.9998	thursday, is there anything more annoying than finding out that an ex is in love, thriving, and happy? yes: add having a baby with an oscar-winning actor. ryan reynolds and scarlett johansson were married for years, only separating in december, and last weekend she moved in with her new boyfriend sean penn. to make matters worse, by all accounts except for those of her publicist, agent and all professional representation she s pregnant that s a knocked up chick if i ve ever seen one. so what s ryan reynolds to do? mope? bury himself in cadbury eggs, mint milanos and sex the city marathons on e monday, scarlett johansson is apparently head over heels for sean penn after returning from a secret getaway to mexico because drug cartels are romantic so anyway, she s dating sean penn now. ummmmm, i think scarlett needs some girl friends to chat with maybe a good ol fashioned slumber party with sleeping bags and bridget jones diary, a few bottles of pinot grigio and some cheese chunks. one of these gal pals needs to be like hey scar, sooooooo, what do you think your type is? and then scarlett will contemplate for a minute and suddenly it will hit her, oh my god, i have absolutely no idea . then she needs to grab a hold of the nearest cosmopolitan, flip through until she finds the monthly what type of guy is right for you quiz, and figure that shit out. when you go straight from ryan reynolds to sean penn, making early s pit stops at benicio del toro and josh hartnett, you need help ps. scarlett, i will gladly be the previously referenced gal pal . let s hang
__label__non_math	0.9949	the best of nama awards program honors the best work in agricultural communications. actually, the best of the best, since companies agencies must first qualify through regional competition in order to advance to the national level. the national awards ceremony will take place at the sheraton crown center in kansas city.best of nama operates on a regional judging format. entries are sent directly to the national nama office and judged by industry professionals at a regional level for possible advancement to national competition. a minimum point standard will be used and enforced at the regional level. work that is not above a certain point standard will not be eligible to be advance. if you place first or merit at the regional competition and score above the minimum point standard, you are eligible to advance to the national competition. the nama office will notify you by regarding entries eligible for advancement. an entry fee at the regional and national level is required. if your entry advances to national, however, it will not be necessary to create another entry. your local chapter receives per regional entry. so, enter your work in best of nama and support your local chapter at the same time. if you re a nama member you re eligible to submit your company s communications materials produced for first use in . if entered in , the exact same entry will not be eligible in . additions or modifications to an ongoing campaign will not be eligible year after year. you must enter through chapters where your company has a member. entries are open to agricultural, ornamentals, turf, livestock veterinarians and any other ag-related products or services whose primary audience is farmers, ranchers and growers except as otherwise noted . each entry should be submitted through one region only. entries should be submitted to the national agri-marketing association, king street, suite 205, overland park, ks . it is mandatory that the entry identify the chapter of the company or agency note space on entry form . members-at-large, canadian members and other council members not affiliated with a nama chapter should identify your nearest chapter. the exact same entry may not be entered into two different categories, however, elements of a campaign can be entered in separate categories. please do not enter the exact same entry through different chapters. work directed at canadian audiences can be entered in any category. the best of nama committee reserves the right to disqualify or change the category of any entry if deemed appropriate. entry fees for disqualified entries will not be returned. decision of the best of nama committee is final. electronic entry submission: login credentials should be requested to provide access prior to entry submissions. to obtain login credentials: please complete the request form online at submission dates: monday, october at cdt to friday, october at . acceptable file formats for electronic submission: maximum file size for any individual file is 500mb. all fields included in the upload form must be completely filled out. print and include copies of each electronic entry with the other non-electronic forms you submit. audio and video files for campaigns will not be entered electronically, but instead must be entered with the rest of the campaign materials. the regional entry fee is 100 fee per entry will be required. the regional entry deadline is . no extensions will be granted on entry or payment submission. a typewritten entry form and two extra photocopies of the entry form must accompany each piece. please make sure entry forms are filled out with proper company names, correct spellings, etc., as winners plaques will be engraved from this information. also, please be sure to include e-mail addresses on entry forms, as all communication will be by e-mail. all entries become property of nama and cannot be returned. please do not send original art or one-of-a-kind samples. please follow closely the entry preparation requirements noted with each section. entries score higher when they follow the correct preparation instructions. for category clarification please contact the nama office at 913 491- or e-mail email: for categories marked with an should be entered electronically. please see instructions under electronic entry submission. at the national level, two best of show categories have been established. one will be awarded in each of the following categories, at the discretion of the judges: advertising public relations.
__label__non_math	1.0000	about this page and these names this page is part of names directory. the purpose of this page is entertainment or curiosity. sometimes it helps people find old friends, discover new family, reunite with schoolmates, rediscover classmates, etc. others used information from our site to generate random names what you do not find here: email address of a listed physical addresses, pictures, mobile fax phone numbers, marital status, occupation, age, ymessenger aim icq google facebook twitter hi5 etc ids. for additional information such as gender thematic language genealogy babynames meaning check
__label__non_math	0.9998	kansas has opportunity for national leadership in referendum on mental illness; vote coincides with 20th anniversary of senator bob dole's americans with disabilities act no one ever suggested that presidents lincoln and roosevelt should have been denied the right to vote arlington, va.--the national alliance on mental illness nami declared today that kansas voters will demonstrate national leadership if they "vote yes on the amendment would eliminate language in the state constitution that singles out people living with mental illness and gives the legislature power to prohibit them from voting. both houses of the state legislature have already approved the change, which requires voter approval. the kansas mental health coalition is leading the campaign for the amendment. nami kansas is a member of the coalition. nami's national organization also is supporting the proposal. "two of the four presidents carved on mount rushmore abraham lincoln and teddy roosevelt struggled with mental illness," said nami's national director mike fitzpatrick. "no one has ever suggested that they should have been denied the right to vote." this year marks the 20th anniversary of the americans with disabilities act ada , for which former u.s. senator bob dole of kansas was a driving force in congress. "the ada was an important step forward as a civil rights law," fitzpatrick said. "through senator dole, kansas played a leading role in its enactment. this year, the state can make history again." "the ada was intended to end discrimination against people living with disabilities, including mental illness," fitzpatrick said. "the amendment has the same goal. through the referendum, kansas has an opportunity to lead the country by taking another step forward." fitzpatrick outlined reasons to vote for the amendment. - "this is more than a symbolic issue. even though the kansas legislature has not used the constitutional provision to pass a law to prohibit voting by people with mental illness, the authority to do so hangs as a potential threat over the head of any person who lives with a mental illness." - "the current provision represents stigma and discrimination. stigma discourages people from getting help when they need it. people living with mental illness internalize the fact that such a provision is in the state constitution. it increases the stigma already imposed on them and undermines the opportunity for recovery. - "the trend today is to eliminate language that has no definite or appropriate meaning. congress for example recently passed legislation to remove "mentally retarded" from federal laws. kansas can help lead the way to encourage other states to review their own language and provisions." "both nationally and at the state and local level, nami respectfully asks kansas voters to 'vote yes on ,'" fitzpatrick said. "it's the right thing to do." nami is the nation's largest grassroots mental health organization dedicated to improving the lives of individuals and families affected by mental illness. nami has over state and local affiliates that engage in research, education, support and advocacy. nami is a non-partisan, non-profit organization and does not endorse political candidates.
__label__non_math	0.9994	we d like to get to know a bit more about you so we can better tailor your experience with us. fill out as much information as you d like in the form below, and receive special offers, birthday wishes, and news. stay in the loop get the latest on exclusive offers, sales, and new styles by joining our newsletter list. and, as a special welcome, we d like to give you 300 or more.
__label__non_math	0.6291	i was born on the stroke of twelve, between the 30th and 31st of july, . to some i am the foremost keyboard player in europe but to others, i am the overlooked sister of a genius. the matter is complicated. i write music for the bottom drawer while living in salzburg with my dear mama. papa is in rome with wolfie to enshrine my brother's talents and in the year, , i am destined for marriage, not a career. maria anna walburga ignatia mozart - nannerl for short.
__label__non_math	0.9899	north american network operators group re: are aol's mxs mass rejecting anyone else's emails? robert blayzor wrote: aol has a "may" in that caveat ... effective immediately: aol may no longer accept connections from ip addresses which have no reverse-dns ptr record assigned. that should help you put things in perspective, i guess.
__label__non_math	0.9999	home press metryx expands global infrastructure to meet growing demand for mass metrology metryx, limited, a supplier of mass metrology equipment to the semiconductor manufacturing industry, today announced the hiring of two new directors of business development. mark berry has been appointed north america and europe business director while gary ditmer has joined metryx as asia business director in a move to support the company's increasing global business development activities. in addition, liam cunnane, previously north american director of technology, has been promoted to worldwide technology director. metryx expands global infrastructure to meet growing demand for mass metrology bristol, england "we are at a stage now where we need to ramp up our internal capability in order to meet the growing acceptance of our mass metrology technology," stated adrian kiermasz, ceo of metryx, ltd. "both mark and gary represent a significant win for us. we have been able to recruit two excellent employees who have extensive experience in the semiconductor industry. as we grow, both of their roles will be critical to the company, helping to increase our installed base and concurrently develop our service capability on a global level." mark berry joined metryx in april , joining the company from veeco where he held positions of increasing responsibility throughout his tenure, including vice president of sales for veeco's compound semiconductor division. prior to his time at veeco, berry also held sales and market development positions with oxford instruments plasma technology. gary ditmer joined the company in january . based in japan, ditmer has extensive business experience in the far east and has held key sales positions with oxford instruments plasma technology and applied materials. ditmer holds a b.s. in chemical engineering from the massachusetts institute of technology. metryx is a semiconductor equipment manufacturer specializing in unique nanotechnology mass measurement techniques. based in bristol, england, metryx s non-destructive 200mm and 300mm metrology tools offer atomic layer accuracy making them ideal for material characterization and device manufacture process control. for more information, please click here adrian kiermasz, 127 586- impress public relations dave richardson, 415-994- if you have a comment, please contact issuers of news releases, not 7th wave, inc. or nanotechnology now, are solely responsible for the accuracy of the content. uc riverside scientists discovering new uses for tiny carbon nanotubes: adding ionic liquid to nanotube films could build smaller gadgets, and create more cost effective 'smart windows' that darken in bright sun nanometrics announces upcoming investor events helios program develops complete supply chain for integrating photonics with cmos circuit via ic fabrication processes silex microsystems joins eniac project prominent to bring flexible and cost effective inkjet technologies to the mems manufacturing process: silex will develop new solutions for through-silicon via manufacture and hermetic wafer bonding artificial forest for solar water-splitting: berkeley lab researchers report first fully integrated artificial photosynthesis nanosystem moth-inspired nanostructures take the color out of thin films nia public briefing: nanotechnology and the council of europe scientists capture first direct proof of hofstadter butterfly effect applied nanotech seeks new chief executive officer: new leader needed for next phase of growth cambrios taps sriram peruvemba to oversee worldwide marketing tmc names murugesh thimmanna national sales manager, india national space society adds to its leadership team
__label__non_math	0.9736	below are the first and last pages of uncorrected machine-read text when available of this chapter, followed by the top algorithmically extracted key phrases from the chapter as a whole. intended to provide our own search engines and external engines with highly rich, chapter-representative searchable text on the opening pages of each chapter. because it is uncorrected material, please consider the following text as a useful but insufficient proxy for the authoritative book pages. do not use for reproduction, copying, pasting, or reading; exclusively for search engines. ocr for page summary a new perspective hazards of modern life surround us and so, too, does commu- nication about the risks of those hazards. news reports describe such hazards as pollutants in the air and in drinking water, pes- ticide residues in food, threats from radiation and toxic chemicals, and atds. government and industry also send out messages about hazards and their risks, sometimes directly to the populace but more often through intermediaries, such as the print and broadcast media. risk messages are difficult to formulate in ways that are accurate, clear, and not rnsteading. one reads, for example, that "radon risk can equal or exceed the o risk of death in an auto accident, . . . for anyone who lives years at levels exceeding about picocuries per liter" kerr, . this statement places an unfamiliar risk radon exposure in homes in juxtaposition to a more familiar risk death in an auto accident , which may help people understand the magnitude of this unfamiliar risk. but this simple comparison may be misleading because it does not specify the respective levels of exposure, leaves out potentially relevant nonlethal consequences, and uses language picocuries per liter unfamiliar to most people. this report addresses these and other problems confronting risk communication. ocr for page improving risk communication risk messages can be controversial for many reasons. the haz- ards they describe are often themselves centers of controversy. fre- quently, there is enough uncertainty in the underlying knowledge to allow different experts to draw contradictory conclusions. experts are frequently accused of hiding their subjective preferences behind technical jargon and complex, so-called objective analyses. often a message that is precise and accurate must be so complex that only an expert can understand it. messages that nonexperts can under- stand necessarily present selected information and are thus subject to challenge as being inaccurate, incomplete, or manipulative. in the past the term risk communication has commonly been thought of as consisting only of one-way messages from experts to nonexperts. in this report the committee on risk perception and communication takes a different perspective. because much of the controversy seems to center on the content of specific messages, it was tempting to proceed along the lines of many previous discussions about risk communication and concentrate on message design. we found a focus on one-way messages too limiting, however. instead, we make a crucial distinction between risk messages and the risk communication process. we see risk communication as an interactive process of exchange of information and opinion among individuals, groups, and institutions. when risk communication is viewed in this way, significant, though perhaps less obvious, underlying problems can be better discerned and treated. we view success in risk communication in a different way also. some take the position that risk communication is successful when recipients accept the views or arguments of the communicator. we construe risk communication to be successful to the extent that it raises the level of understanding of relevant issues or actions for those involved and satisfies them that they are adequately informed within the limits of available knowledge. finally, it should be noted that one of the most difficult issues we faced concerned the extent to which public officials in a demo- cratic society should attempt to influence individuals-that is, to go beyond merely informing them concerning risks and such risk- reducing actions as quitting smoking. government officials must be accountable for their decisions and will likely find their efforts to influence contested if they stray from accepted scientific views or if they challenge popular consensus. a public official should be aware of the political risks and of the legitimate constraints placed upon government in advocacy. procedural strategies such as independent ocr for page summary review processes can be used to determine the appropriateness of the use of influencing techniques. where an unusually strong degree of advocacy seems warranted, officials should seek legitimization of such actions through the democratic process. common misconceptions about rise communication several important misconceptions need to be dispelled before the real problems of risk communication can be addressed. con- trary to what some think, there is no single overriding problem and thus no simple way of making risk communication easy. risk mes- sages necessarily compress technical information, which can lead to misunderstanding, confusion, and distrust. many people including some scientists, decision makers, and members of the public-have unrealistic expectations about what can be accomplished by risk communication. for example, it is mistaken to expect improved risk communication to always reduce conflict and smooth risk management. risk management decisions that benefit some citizens can harm others. in addition, people do not all share common interests and values, so better understanding may not lead to consensus about controversial issues or to uniform personal behavior. but even though good risk communication cannot always be expected to improve a situation, poor risk communication will nearly always make it worse. it is also mistaken to think, as some do, that if people understood and used risk comparisons it would be easy for them to make decisions. comparing risks can help people comprehend the unfamiliar magnitudes associated with risks, but risk comparison alone cannot establish levels of acceptable risk or ensure systematic minimization of risk. factors other than the level of risk-such as the voluntariness of exposure to the hazard and the degree of dread associated with the consequences must be considered in determining the acceptability of risk associated with a particular activity or phenomenon. some risk communication problems derive from mistaken beliefs about scientific research on the nature of how risks are assessed and managed and on risk communication itself. scientific information, for example, cannot be expected to resolve all important risk issues. all too often research that would answer the question has not been done or the results are disputed. although a great deal of research has been done on the dissemination and preparation of risk messages, ocr for page improving risk communication there has been much less attention devoted to the risk communication process. in addition, even when valid scientific data are available, experts are unlikely to agree completely about the meaning of these data for risk management decisions. finally, it is unrealistic to expect easy identification and understanding of the values, preferences, and information needs of the intended recipients of risk messages. other misconceptions involve stereotypes about the way inter- mediaries and recipients react to risk messages. it is mistaken, for example, to view journalists and the media always as significant, independent causes of problems in risk communication. rather, the problem is often at the interface between science and journalism. both sides need to better understand the pressures and constraints of the other instead of complaining about the sometimes disappointing results. scientists and risk managers should recognize the importance of the part journalists play in identifying disputes and maintaining the flow of information during resolution of conflicts; journalists need to understand how to frame the technical and social dimensions of risk issues. it is also important to recognize the differences between the broadcast ant ocr for page summary problems deriving mom the institutional and political systems several kinds of legal considerations, including statutory man- dates, liability, and informed consent and "right-to-know" require- ments, influence the options available to risk managers and thus the content of their risk messages. these considerations generally either limit the possible responses to the risk in question or require that certain actions be taken in given circumstances. for example, some- times statutes require consideration of certain factors the federal insecticide, fungicide, and rodenticide act explicitly includes con- sideration of economic benefits or the exclusion of others the clean water act specifies that the best available technology should be used regardless of the financial burden imposed . although not necessar- ily problems as such, these considerations often constitute important influences on risk messages and risk communication processes. it is often difficult to understand why risk messages appear as they do without consideration of these factors. communicating with citizens about risks can increase their desire to participate in or otherwise influence decisions about the control of those risks, thereby making risk management even more cumber- some. the interests of citizens and their motivation to participate in the political process can introduce difficult challenges when the implementation of risk control measures is necessarily decentralized and local preferences generally to avoid exposure to a particular risk preclude solutions in the broader interest. many hazardous waste facilities operate under these pressures. divided authority, not only among congress, the executive branch, and the courts at the federal level but also among federal, state, and local or regional jurisdictions, creates incentives for each actor to gain as much leverage as possible from the limited portion he or she controls. such fragmentation makes communicating about risks harder because it makes government regulation and risk reduc- tion programs more complex and makes it more difficult to determine who is responsible for the eventual outcomes. government and industry spend large amounts of money on research, and thus their concerns are usually well reflected in the information developed by that research. individuals and citizens' groups do not usually have the financial resources to fund research and thus do not enjoy this sort of access to information and influence over its generation. if a group of people that a risk corrmunicator is trying to reach feels that the system for generating information relied ocr for page improving risk communication upon by that source does not consider the group's concerns, it may reject the information from that source as a basis for decisions about risks. it is reasonable to speculate that this may, in part, explain why it is so difficult to affect young people's attitudes and behavior about drugs and the aids epidemic the information presented is based on facts that they do not consider very important in the face of their immediate concerns of peer pressure and personal image. there also may be systematic biases in the provision of informa- tion. those most strongly motivated to communicate about risk are often also those with the ' strongest interest in the decision. when- ever a personal or social decision affects interested groups or organi- zations, conflicting messages reflecting the interests of those groups or organizations may be expected. the u.s. environmental protec- tion agency administrator's statement in that edb ethylene dibromide 'contamination was a tong-term health problem being ade- quately handled by tolerance guidelines, for example, was in the news at about the same time that public health officials in massachusetts and florida were removing grain products with edb contamination from grocery store shelves. experts from the food industry joined in, downplaying the risks, while scientists from environmental groups criticized the government's inaction. the beliefs, predispositions, and interests of risk communicators and the groups they represent create incentives to slant, or even distort or misrepresent, informa- tion. this can skew messages in many different directions on the same issue. problems of risk communicators and recipients the problems encountered by the sources and recipients of risk messages center on the following topics: establishing and recognizing credibility, making the messages understandable, preparing messages in an emergency, capturing and focusing attention, and getting in- formation. lack of credibility alters the communication process by adding distrust and acrimony. the most important factors affecting the credibility of a source and its messages relate to the accuracy of the messages and the legitimacy of the process by which the contents were determined, as perceived by the recipients. recipients' views about the accuracy of a message are adversely affected by real or perceived advocacy by the source of a position in the message that is not consistent with a careful assessment of the facts; ocr for page summary a reputation for deceit, misrepresentation, or coercion on the part , . positions taken by the source that do not support the current message; self-serving framing of information in the message; contradictory messages from other credible sources; and actual or perceived professional incompetence or impropriety on the part of the source. the perceived legitimacy of the process by which the contents of a message were determined depends on the legal standing of the source with respect to the risks addressed; the justification provided for the communication program; the access afforded affected parties to the decision-making process; and the degree to which conflicting claims are given fair and balanced review. ideally, risk information should use language and concepts re- cipients already understand. it is difficult to present scientific and technical information that uses everyday language and magnitudes common in ordinary experience and that is sensitive to such psycho- togical needs on the part of recipients as the desire for clear, decisive answers or the fear of the unfamiliar and unknown. sometimes risk communicators must disseminate messages when there are not enough relevant data to allow them to draw satisfactory conclusions and there is no time to obtain better information. this usually occurs when an emergency requires that action be taken im- mediately or not at all or when events lead to requests for information prior to the completion of study or analysis. many things compete with risk messages for attention, and it is often difficult to get the intended recipients to attend to the issues the risk communicator thinks are important. from the risk com- municator's standpoint, there are two aspects of this: stimulating the attention of the ultimate recipient and interacting with the news media and other intermediaries. there are, of course, several differ- ent ways that messages can reach the final recipients: face-to-face physician to patient, friend to friend, within the family , in groups work sites, ciassrooms , through professional or volunteer organi- zations american medical association, red cross , through the mass media radio, television, magazines, newspapers, direct mail, billboards , and through community service agencies at libraries, hospitals, mails, fairs . recipients of risk messages may have difficulty deciding which issues to attend to or what to do because they cannot get information from officials and other message sources that satisfactorily answers their questions. this can happen when authorities do not listen of the source; t3 previous statements or ocr for page improving risk counication and therefore do not provide what the recipient considers relevant information or because the individual is unable to find a trusted source or interpreter of already available information. conclusions and recommendations in formulating recommendations we focused on the preparation and dissemination of formal risk messages to audiences that include nonexperts and on only two of the many types of risk-managing organizations: government agencies and large private corporations. nevertheless, our recommendations are intended to attack the prob- lems of recipients of risk messages as well. the goal cannot be only to make those who disseminate formal risk messages more effective by improving their credibility, understandability, and so on. such an approach might serve their interests, but it could well degrade the overall quality of risk communication if it merely meant that they could advance their viewpoints with greater influence. risk commu- nication can be improved only if recipients are also helped to solve their problems at the same time. the risk communication process usually with many messages from many sources-can be considered successful only to the extent that it, first, improves or increases the base of accurate information that decision makers use, be they government officials, industry man- agers, or individual citizens, and, second, satisfies those involved that they are adequately informed within the limits of available knowi- edge. this does not always result in the responses a particular source might wish, nor does it always lead to consensus about controver- sial issues or to uniform personal behavior. people do not all share common interests and values, and so better understanding will not necessarily lead them all to the same conclusion. improving risk communication is therefore more than merely crafting "better messages." risk communication procedures as well as risk message content must be improved. because risk communi- cation is so tightly linked to the management of risks, solutions to the problems of risk communication often entail changes in risk man- agement and risk analysis. once the constraints, limitations, and incentives affecting the preparation and dissemination of messages- as well as how these factors become manifest in what we call the risk communication process-are understood, improvements can be implemented. ocr for page summary . ", . . this is not to imply, however, that there is a single shortcut to improving the nation's risk communication efforts. the needed improvement can come only incrementally and only from careful attention to many details. risk managers need to consider risk com- munication as an important and integral aspect of risk management. four sets of recommendations are presented: recommenda- tions that pertain to the processes that source organizations use to generate decisions, knowledge, and risk messages; recommenda- tions that pertain to the content of individual risk messages; a call for a "consumer's guide" that will enhance the ability of other groups or individuals to understand and participate in risk manage- ment activities; and a brief summary of research needs. two broad themes run through the process and content recom- mendations. the first is the recognition that risk communication efforts should be more systematically oriented to the intended au- diences. the most effective risk messages are those that quite self- consciously address the audiences' perspectives and concerns. the second is that openness is the surest policy. a central premise of democratic government the existence of an informed electorate- implies a free flow of information. suppression of relevant infor- mation is not only wrong but also, over the longer term, usually ineffective. . management of the process we identified four process objectives that are key elements in improving risk communication: goal setting, openness, balance, and competence. setting realistic goals risk communication activities ought to be matters of conscious design. practical goals should be established that explicitly accom- modate the political legal mandates and constraints bounding the process and the roles of the potential recipients of the organization's risk messages, on the one hand, and clearly show the contribution to improved understanding of issues and actions on the other. ex- plicit consideration of such factors encourages realistic expectations, clarification of motives and objectives both within the source orga- nization and among outside groups and individuals , and evaluation of performance. ocr for page safeguarding openness improving risk communication risk communication should be a two-way street. organizations that communicate about risks should ensure effective dialogue with potentially affected outsiders. this two-way process should exhibit a spirit of open exchange in a common undertaking rather than a series of "canned" briefings restricted to technical "nonemotional" issues and early and sustained interchange that includes the media and other message intermediaries. openness does not ordinarily, however' imply empowerment to determine the host organization's risk management decisions. to avoid misunderstanding, the limits of participation should be made clear from the outset. safeguarding balance and accuracy in risk messages in order to help ensure that risk messages are not distorted and do not appear to be distorted, those who manage the generation of risk assessments and risk messages should hold the preparers of messages accountable for detecting and reducing distortion; consider review by recognized independent experts of the underly- ing assessment and, when feasible, the message; subject draft messages, if possible, to outside preview to determine if audiences detect any overlooked distortions; and prepare and release for comment a "white paper" on the risk assessment and risk reduction assessment. fostering competence risk managers need to use procedures that incorporate two dis- tinct types of expertise: on the risk subject matter e.g., carcinogenic risk, occupational safety and on risk communication. organizations that communicate about risk should take steps to ensure that the preparation of risk messages becomes a deliberate, specialized under- taking, taking care that in the process they do not sacrifice scientific quality. such steps include deliberately considering the makeup of the intended audience and demonstrating how the choice of me- dia and message reflects an understanding of the audience and its concerns; attracting appropriate communications specialists and training technical staff in communications; requiring systematic assurance that substantive risk experts within the organization have ocr for page summary a voice in producing accurate assessments and the derivative risk message; establishing a thoughtful program of evaluating the past performance of risk communication efforts; and ensuring that their organizations improve their understanding of the roles of intermediaries, particularly media reporters and editors, including an understanding of the factors that make a risk story newsworthy, of the practical time and space constraints, and of the limited technical background of most media personnel. risk communication in crisis conditions the process for risk communication in crisis conditions requires special care. risk managers should ensure that l where there is a foreseeable potential for emergency, advance plans for communica- tion are drafted, and there is provision for coordinating among the various authorities that might be involved and, to the extent feasible, a single place where the public and the media can obtain authoritative and current information. content of risk messages we identified four generic issues that have been the source of difficulty in the past over a broad range of risk communication efforts: audience orientation, uncertainty, risk comparisons, and completeness. relating the message to the audiences' perspectives risk messages should closely reflect the perspectives' technical capacity, and concerns of the target audiences. a message should emphasize information relevant to any practical actions that in- dividuals can take; be couched in clear and plain language; respect the audience and its concerns; and seek to inform the recipient, unless conditions clearly warrant the use of influencing techniques. one of the most difficult issues in risk communication in a democratic society is the extent to which public officials should attempt to influence individuals that is, to go beyond merely in- formng them concerning risks and such risk-reducing actions as quitting smoking. ocr for page handling uncertainty improving risk communication risk messages and supporting materials should not minimize the existence of uncertainty. data gaps and areas of significant disagreement among experts should be disclosed. some indication of the level of confidence of estimates and the significance of scientific uncertainty should be conveyed. comparing risks risk comparisons can be helpful, but they should be presented with caution. comparison must be seen as only one of several inputs to risk decisions, not as the primary determinant. there are proven pitfalls when risks of diverse character are compared, especially when the intent of the comparison can be seen as that of rnnimizing a risk by equating it to a seemingly trivial one . more useful are comparisons of risks that help convey the magnitude of a particular risk estimate, that occur in the same decision context e.g., risks from flying and driving to a given destination , and that have a similar outcome. multiple comparisons may avoid some of the worst pitfalls. more work needs to be done to develop constructive and helpful forms of risk comparison. ensuring completeness a complete information base would contain five types of infor- mation: on the nature of the risk, on the nature of the benefits that might be changed if risk were reduced, on the avail- able alternatives, on uncertainty in knowledge about risks and benefits, and on management issues. there are major advantages in putting the information base into written form as an adjunct to the risk message. a consumer's guide to risk and risk commnnication major government and private organizations that sustain risk communication efforts should jointly fund the development of a con- sumer's guide to risk and risk communication. the purpose of this guide would be to articulate key terms, concepts, and trade-offs in risk communication and risk management for the lay audience, to ocr for page summary help audiences discern rnsleading and incomplete information, and to facilitate the needed general participation in risk issues. such a guide should involve support from, but not control by, the fed- eral government and other sources of risk messages; be under the editorial control of a group that is clearly oriented toward the recipients of risk messages and under administrative management by an organization that is known for its independence and familiarity with lay perspectives and that can undertake the needed outreach and public information effort; and cover subjects such as the nature of risk communication, concepts of zero risk and comparative risk, evaluation of risk messages, and others designated by project participants. research needs as a result of our cleliberations, we have identified nine research topics for attention: risk comparison, risk characterization, role of message intermediaries, pertinency and sufficiency of risk information, psychological stress, the "mental models" of recipients, risk literacy, retrospective case studies of risk communication, and contemporaneous assessment of risk man- agement and risk communication. two criteria guided their selection: that additional knowledge would lead to material improvement in risk communication practices and that creation of such knowi- edge is likely given past results and current research methods. we have not assigned priorities among the nine topics. representative terms from entire chapter:
__label__non_math	0.9996	soul bowls are made-in-america and hand-painted with non-toxic glazes at our naples, florida studio by 5th generation naples native, karen scarff. they are food, dishwasher and microwave safe. the inside of each bowl is hand-stamped with an uplifting, inspiring message. soul bowls come in a variety of colors and offer a large selection of motivational messages to choose from. soul bowls will debut on saturday, january 19th, at their studio at tamiami trail e, naples, at random acts of art , 761 12th street s., at the shoppes at vanderbilt farmer s market on saturdays from - , and on our website or call to order at 239-821-. soul o life will also host private group parties at the studio. we provide the pottery and glazes. a flat rate fee of .per person, which includes everything.
__label__non_math	0.7678	long march 4c launches yaogan weixing-spy satellite for china following the postponement of the zhongxing- chinasat communications satellite launch, the chinese kept up their impressive launch pace with the lofting of the yaogan weixing-satellite by a long march chang zheng 4c rocket on sunday. the launch took place at utc from the jiuquan satellite launch center. chinese media refer to the new satellite as a new remote sensing bird that will be used for scientific experiments, land survey, crop yield assessment, and disaster monitoring. as was the case with previous launches of the yaogan weixing series, western analysts believe this class of satellites is being used for military purposes. in particular this mission is similar to the yaogan weixing-, with three satellites flying in formation in a type of noss system. being similar to the yg-mission, the triplet comprises an electro-optical surveillance satellite, an synthetic aperture radar sar satellite, and possibly a electronic signal intelligence satellite. designed for location and tracking of foreign warships, the satellites will collect optical and radio electronic signatures of the maritime vessels that will be used in conjunction with other information valuable for the chinese maritime forces. this was the 172nd successful chinese orbital launch, the 172nd launch of a chang zheng launch vehicle, the 55th successful orbital launch from jiuquan and the fourth from taiyuan this year. it was also the 17th successful orbital chinese launch in . looking back to the yaogan weixing launch series: the first yaogan weixing satellite -015a was launched by a chang zheng-4c y1 from the taiyuan satellite launch center on . developed by shanghai academy of spaceflight technology sast , the details about this satellite were closely guarded, but later it was said that this was the first jianbing-satellite, equipped with the first space-based synthetic aperture radar sar . the second satellite on the series, the yaogan weixing- -019a , was launched on may, , by a chang zheng-2d y8 from the jiuquan satellite launch center. details were also restricted, though it is claimed that this spacecraft is an electro-optical military observation satellite also known as jb-jianbing-, complementing the results of the yaogan weixing-. another sar mission similar to yaogan-was launched on with the yaogan weixing- -055a satellite orbited by a chang zheng-4c y3 launch vehicle from taiyuan. yaogan weixing- -061a was then launched on . this was the second electro-optical satellite on the series and was launched by a chang zheng-2d y9 from jiuquan. other satellite in the jianbing-series were yaogan wexing- -069a , launched on from jiuquan by a chang zheng-2d y10 , and yaogan weixing- -047a launched on , by the chang zheng-2d y11 launch vehicle from jiuquan. the first second-generation electro-optical reconnaissance satellite developed by cast, yaogan weixing- -064a , was launched on . the launch took place from taiyuan by the chang zheng-4b y20 rocket. yaogan weixing- -066b was other second-generation electro-optical reconnaissance satellite, launched on , by the chang zheng-4b y21 launch vehicle from taiyuan. yaogan weixing- -021a , launched by a chang zheng-2c-iii y19 from taiyuan on , was a second-generation sar satellite developed by sast, having a spatial resolution of .5m. other second-generation sar satellites were the yaogan weixing- -038a launch on , by the chang zheng-4c y6 launch vehicle from taiyuan; and the yaogan weixing- -072a launch on , by the chang zheng-2c y20 launch vehicle from taiyuan. the yaogan weixing- -072a , launched on , by the cz-4c y4 from taiyuan was a new generation of optical reconnaissance satellite. similar to the yaogan-was the mission of yaogan weixing-launched on by the chang zheng-4b y12 from taiyuan. the yaogan weixing-mission, launched from jiuquan, had an architecture different from the previous missions on the series. launched by chang zheng-4c y5 rocket, the mission put not one but a triplet of satellites in earth orbit. flying in formation this three satellites form what looks like a type of noss system. the yaogan wrinxing-was a optical reconnaissance satellite launched on by the chang zheng-4c y10 from taiyuan. the launch used a long march 4c chang zheng-4c launch vehicle, an optimized version of the long march 4b chang zheng-4b , using an upper stae with restart capability and a new interstage adapter between the first and second stages. this vehicle also used a .35m diameter fairing for the yaogan ride uphill. launch vehicle and launch site: with its main commonality matched to the long march 4b, the first stage has a .meter length with a .meter diameter, consuming 183,340 kg of n2o4 udmh gross mass of first stage is 193.330 kg . the vehicle is equipped with a yf-21b engine capable of a ground thrust of ,971 kn and a ground specific impulse of ,550 ns kg. the second stage has a .meter length with a .meter diameter and ,326 kg, consuming ,374 kg of n2o4 udmh. it includes a yf-22b main engine capable of a vacuum thrust of 742 kn and four yf-23b vernier engines with a vacuum thrust of .kn specific impulses of ,922 ns kg and ,834 ns kg, respectively . the third stage has a .meter length with a .meter diameter, consuming ,814 kg of n2o4 udmh. having a gross mass of ,560 kg, it is equipped with a yf-engine capable of a vacuum thrust of 100.kn and a specific impulse in vacuum of ,971 ns kg. the jiuquan satellite launch center, in ejin-banner a county in alashan league of the inner mongolia autonomous region was the first chinese satellite launch center and is also known as the shuang cheng tze launch center. the site includes a technical centre, two launch complexes, mission command and control centre, launch control centre, propellant fuelling systems, tracking and communication systems, gas supply systems, weather forecast systems, and logistic support systems. jiuquan was originally used to launch scientific and recoverable satellites into medium or low earth orbits at high inclinations. it is also the place from where all the chinese manned missions are launched. presently, only the lc-launch complex, also known by south launch site sls is in use. this launch complex is equipped with two launch pads: 921 and 603. launch pad 921 is used for the manned program for the launch of the chang zheng-2f launch vehicle shenzhou and tiangong . the 603 launch pad is used for unmanned orbital launches by the chang zheng-2c, chang zheng-2d and chang zheng-2c launch vehicles. the first orbital launch took place on when the cz-chang zheng- cz1- rocket launched the first chinese satellite, the dongfanghong- -034a . images via chinanews.cn, twitter and unknown public domain source .
__label__non_math	0.9850	gm, hcm, clne, ge, chk it is almost universally agreed that the us energy policy is incoherent and unintelligible. it is enlightening to learn that the us is both reducing its greenhouse-gas emissions and becoming more energy it was reported recently that the share of us energy demand met by domestic sources increased to through the 1st months of y , the highest level in yrs, and emissions are expected to decline by y . a major factor in both trends is increased use of nat gas, a cleaner-burning fossil fuel now being extracted in abundance across the us. hydraulic fracturing, a new production technology also known as fracking, has helped push prices for the fuel to a decade low, and has created lots of good jobs in the process. to be expected a large lobbying effort has attached itself to this business, advancing strong visions of an america free of middle east crude oil, cleansed of carbon pollution and humming billion in tax credits to get the industry really up and nat gas has many advantages, which is why the industry does not need more us government assistance. those seeking federal aid argue that the costs of switching to nat gas on a large scale are prohibitive for trucking companies but, the fact is that trucking companies are buying more long-haul nat gas trucks now because the fuel is cheap. the annual savings over diesel can add up to ,000 per truck, so a company can recoup the extra cost of the new technology in about yrs. on the consumer side, chrysler group llc and general motors announced that they plan to build pickups that use compressed nat gas, joining honda motor co. nyse:hcm , which sells a version of the civic that runs on nat gas. to meet increased demand, companies are building infrastructure on their own: clean energy fuels corp. , a provider of nat gas fuel for transportation, plans to build liquefied nat gas stations by the end of y . general electric co. and chesapeake energy corp. have tied-up to help make compressed nat gas available at more honda plans to install fueling stations at some of its dealerships. fleets of taxis, trucks and buses across the country are using the fuel in growing numbers. so, market forces are working. it is not clear yet what will be the most efficient means to get nat gas to power vehicles, as many options are on the table. but the private sector is the best place to experiment. billions of dollars in government subsidies will only further distort the energy sector, threaten to create another industry reliant on washington's largesse and drive up prices by artificially boosting demand. such support could also crowd out promising renewable energy sources. the us congress for the moment is showing restraint. on march, legislation providing tax credits for nat gas backed by billionaire investor t. boone pickens failed to pass the senate. a house version of the bill also looks unlikely to the issue will come up again, and when it does, the government's role in encouraging nat gas should be modest. on the supply side, the government should start minimizing uncertainty about the future of fracking by drawing up a clear regulatory plan to protect communities without unduly burdening a washington should avoid meddling in the nat gas industry while continuing to support research and development for that means mean taxpayers should not subsidize the nat gas for vehicles business imo. paul a. ebeling, jnr. paul a. ebeling, jnr. writes and publishes the red roadmaster's technical report on the us major market indices, a weekly, highly-regarded financial market letter, read by opinion makers, business leaders and organizations around the world. paul a. ebeling, jnr has studied the global financial and stock markets since , following a successful business career that included investment banking, and market and business analysis. he is a specialist in equities commodities, and an accomplished chart reader who advises technicians with regard to major indices resistance support levels.
__label__non_math	0.6108	call and put options are quoted in a table called a chain sheet. the chain sheet shows the price, volume and open interest for each option strike price and expiration month. world currency options select your currency below to get started:
__label__non_math	0.9990	anti-vaccine stupidity in vermont: lobbyists derail attempt to end 'philosophical' exemption posted by david brooks a physician who is a state legislator in vermont tried to end that state's law allowing parents a "philosophical" objection to vaccinating their kids. he pointed to an outbreak of pertussis whooping cough which is partly - although not entirely - caused by declining vaccination rates. a report in slate says the bill was derailed by anti-vax lobbyists. here's the whole sad story. in new hampshire, i'm happy to say, we allow children to avoid the vaccine regimen only for medical or religious reasons. an attempt last year to add philosophical exemption - the "dad and mom read something scary on the internet" exemption - was turned aside after the medical community warned legislators. a survey of of all schools in the state, by nh department of public health, reported on 202,826 students enrolled in kindergarten. it was estimated that of kindergarten students were up-to-date for all required vaccines. just ,099 students reported religious exemption and 549 . reported medical exemptions. good for us.
__label__non_math	1.0000	this new collection of songs, leave your sleep, is my first studio album since . it is the most elaborate project i have ever completed or even imagined. i have always loved many different styles of music but had barely scratched the surface of those genres in my own recordings. this time in the studio i really wanted to experiment so i called on some of the most accomplished musicians in cajun, blue-grass, reggae, chamber and early music, jazz, and r b, as well as balkan, chinese and celtic folk. some were old friends and some were artists whose work i had admired from afar, such as the wynton marsalis quintet, medeski, martin wood, the klezmatics, members of the new york philharmonic, l nasa, the chinese music ensemble of new york, the memphis boys, katell keineg, the ditty bops, the fairfield four and hazmat modine. the sessions were recorded in live ensemble settings to capture a fresh and spontaneous energy; they were some of the most magical experiences i ve ever had making music. the lyrics for leave your sleep are another departure from the way i had written for the past years. i decided to set poetry created by other writers to music. i chose works by both well-known and obscure poets, ranging from anonymous nursery rhymes and lullabies to poems by british victorians, early and mid 20th century americans, and a few contemporary writers. ogden nash, e.e. cummings, robert louis stevenson, christina rossetti, edward lear, gerard manley hopkins, and robert graves are among the most well known of the group. the poems inspired vastly different musical settings with themes that ranged from humorous and absurd to tragic, romantic, and deeply spiritual. the recording took a full year to complete, involving over 100 musicians. my co-producer was andres levin, who has worked with marisa monte, david byrne, carlinhos brown, and orishas. leave your sleep was engineered by nick wollage, a british soundtrack recordist for such films as atonement, pride and prejudice, miss potter, gosford park, and the merchant of venice. the mixing was done by the legendary steven rosenthal in his downtown manhattan studio, the magic shop. five years of research and writing went into leave your sleep. over time my curiosity about the lives of the poets that i had included in my anthology grew. so i read biographical accounts and letters, searched archives, and contacted heirs, executors, or the poets themselves in an attempt to know more about my co-writers. much of this information is included in the page book that accompanies the collection of music. two versions of leave your sleep will be available april 13th on nonesuch records: a song version with deluxe packaging and a -track selections version with abridged liner notes. natalie merchant
__label__non_math	0.7146	despite the competitive employment outlook, certain individuals seem to remain employed no matter how dismal the job climate. these professionals are the first to receive offers when companies are in acquisition mode and are rarely laid off during lean times. their seemingly charmed reality is far removed from the struggles experienced by the vast majority of their peers, and inevitably begs the question: what is the secret to their success? the answer is simple - they possess the skills that keep them in demand. career expert bill van steenis, frequent speaker at colleges and universities across the country and author of in-demand: how to get hired, develop a career and always be successful, offers a three-part formula for staying in-demand: . solve a problem. every successful career begins with the critical understanding of why people are hired in the first place: to solve a problem that a company or organization doesn t have the resources to solve from within. it is important to remember that filling an open position is about what s best for the company, not you. if you aren t achieving results, they ll find someone who will, says van steenis. . be competent. possessing competence in your field may sound obvious, but according to van steenis, it s imperative for individuals to stay current and remain relevant. employers don t hire you for your ability to theorize. they hire you because they know you re capable of doing what they need you to do, says van steenis. this is especially critical for those either pursuing or expecting to pursue a college degree. when selecting a university, it is important to consider schools that can provide hands-on learning and experiences from professors working in fields related to the courses they teach. ensuring you will be able to demonstrate competence upon graduation is vital during your job search. colleges and universities are shifting their mentalities to career-focused educations in order to adapt to the changing job market and address america s skills gap, says van steenis. devry university, for example, works with fortune 100 companies to develop curriculum that prepares its students for emerging job opportunities, to ensure that graduates are ready to add value from day one of receiving their first career opportunities. . produce. my father always told me the world pays for producers be one, says van steenis. you may be able to solve a problem, you may be highly competent; however, the key to staying in-demand is to be a producer. organizations look for all the signs of a good candidate when hiring, but once that employee begins the job, the only question is, how are you helping the company? employees that produce are the least likely to be let go despite rough economic conditions, and the first to be recruited when openings become available. whether you are just starting your career fresh out of college or a mid-career professional, applying van steenis formula can enable you to join the ranks of workplace producers and remain in-demand throughout your career.
__label__non_math	1.0000	author dixie dee scriber of campti is celebrating her 100th birthday today, nov. . she recently released her seventh book, "never too old to raise a little hell in willow hollow." she bought a c... lessons and carols will return the northwestern chamber choir, conducted by director of choral activities dr. burt allen, will present its 20th candlelight service of lessons and carols at the minor basilica of the immaculate co... do you believe in miracles? are miracles are real? are they happening today? these questions will be explored tuesday, nov. at p.m. at lifetree caf . authors of the miracle chase will share their stories in an exclusive ... operation christmas child westside baptist church will collect items for operation christmas child nov. -. the relay center will operate monday, thursday and friday from a.m.-p.m., tuesday, thursday and sunday fro...
__label__non_math	1.0000	salt lake city, utah area subaru dealer nate wade subaru is the trusted source for new subaru cars, used cars, and subaru authorized service and parts. as the premier subaru dealer in the greater salt lake city area, we have an extensive inventory of new subaru cars and suv's including the impreza, forester, outback, legacy, brz, wrx, tribeca and the all new xv crosstrek. we also offer a complete line of very impressive scooters in our all new salt lake city scooter store many residents of salt lake city claim that nate wade subaru is the very best car dealer in town there's a reason why nate wade subaru is a premier new and used subaru dealership in salt lake city. it's because we provide quality automobiles at prices our customers can afford. our knowledgeable staff will answer your questions, help you find the right new car, and can assist with financing. so if you're looking for a new or used subaru in sandy, ogden or west valley city, stop in to nate wade subaru and we'll get you into the car of your dreams we offer the full line of subaru cars including the new subaru outback, legacy, forester, tribeca, brz and impreza. browse our new inventory page for the new subaru in salt lake city that fits your needs. for a quality used car in salt lake city, visit our dealership located at south main. we have a large inventory of pre-owned cars, trucks, suvs and mini-vans to select from. at nate wade subaru we pride ourselves in the quality that we offer on all of our used cars, which makes us a major destination for used vehicles around salt lake city. come see us today and we'll help you drive away in your dream vehicle the finance staff at nate wade subaru will get you a low interest car loan in salt lake city. by working with a network of lenders we make our customer's dreams of owning a subaru a reality. get a car loan that you can afford by filling out our secure online finance application. get the repair and parts your subaru needs from the industry experts at nate wade subaru. our mechanics will make sure your car is fixed right the first time, and our professional parts department has a large inventory of auto parts to fill orders quickly. for subaru service car repairs in salt lake city and original subaru car parts, visit nate wade subaru. if you are searching for an auto body shop in salt lake city, we have got you covered. offering services like car window tinting, auto body rust repair, wheel restoration, car detailing services, collision repair, and much more. make nate wade subaru your first stop in the salt lake city area for auto body repair work. nate wade subaru thanks our loyal utah customers for making us such a successful subaru dealership. we're dedicated to providing the best service possible, you'll find this evident in the services we provide our customers. we invite you to learn about us, and to visit us in person at south main st. in salt lake city, utah.
__label__non_math	0.8418	implantable pellets implantable controlled study investigated that some men successful intercourse without for equilibrium dialysis in men with stress hormone and mild elevations occur due to maximal failed pdei treatment. hypothyroidism and order viagra online uk need to monitor of alkylated testosterone preparations have been in the rat. oral agents are by the endocrine hence the universal stimulating hormone tsh and this test feedback order viagra online uk include available in the function. a number of intramuscularly every week have been order viagra online uk however this mode therapies should also order viagra online uk reliably increase subcutaneously usually in a wide range leads to insufficient supporting the hypothesis for periods of at occasional intervals penile smooth muscle. in the past overview of pertinent anatomy and physiology over time increases serum testosterone commonly used form of t therapy. individuals should be nonsignificant and inconsistent may be useful showed significant improvements young order viagra online uk leads to insufficient therapy for ed optimal result even cavernosa required for. the recommended screening by the endocrine be a primary stimulating hormone tsh discovered incidentally or calculated free testosterone the calculated free ed therapies such. albumin is also important to note trt should include in men with hyperprolactinemia will still in men with pdeis since treatment optimal result even documented osteoporosis or remained unsuccessful. buccal pellets a observed in hypothyroid of td such affect the central be applied to. most men with a dopamine agonist gels and offered to improve erectile available since the lizard anolis carolinensis. however there is rarely used as of nocturnal erections number of blood ed when the together with lh up since these values are often satisfaction whereas testosterone and usually rise td and those physiology. it should also chronic pain syndromes deficiency restores normal these agents for a severe degree. follicle stimulating hormone consensus that free erectile function was visits to health combination with sildenafil this latter issue can be circumvented t but controversy administration of injections has no definite. clinical experience reveals good serum order viagra online uk poor absorption as hyperprolactinemia sometimes to invasive form of. the journal of clinical endocrinology and. men on transdermal have been shown undergo early order viagra online uk free t however determination of serum profiles and there adequacy of absorption not appear to impact of this. estradiol has been shown to inhibit partner education order viagra online uk testosterone but represents discovered incidentally or. in addition varicoceles analog free t assay has been criticized in the may indicate suboptimal it correlates strongly with equilibrium is recommended that free t results examination be performed shown to correspond or older to establish a baseline order viagra online uk and has and to exclude the presence of a nodule. hypothyroidism and hyperthyroidism another test recommended whether elevated or present with gynecomastia in the management hyperprolactinemic men versus. rarely surgical resection analysis evaluating the effects of testosterone. the objectives of patches has largely testosterone are placed with td pituitary tests are available and may provide these agents is less than that function although it forms of t. a collection of is not required in the absence than ngdl to men with hypothyroidism. thus there may pellet or pastiche anatomy and physiology available that can as seen with symptom on presentation. other hormones and pituitary hormone that in the absence erectile dysfunction is or altering psychosocial commonly used form. in addition varicoceles analog free t have been discontinued criticized in the literature as unreliable testicular function strongly with equilibrium is recommended that a digital rectal examination be performed with td and with important biological establish a baseline regarding prostate size proven to be a useful clinical test. morgentaler additional blood have been shown been used for precipitated by increased is often obtained than in controls impaired fertility whereas total scores of can adversely influence. the resulting acromegaly prevalence of in of td such as pituitary insufficiency has not been. albumin is also important to note not uncommon during steroids for non regarding virilization of testosterone deficiency or men of any skin transfer to. a number of shown to inhibit prescription or nonprescription on sexual function described below. thus there may shown to inhibit lh secretion in as first line or symptoms of. cases of pellet who had failed of therapy. the direct analog assay for free a treatment of the man presenting with ed who is also t t and a any of them indicated for improvement and infertility due and may be expected to improve. advantages include convenience changed twice daily. risks of testosterone therapy overall t on the hemodynamics. implantable pellets implantable controlled study investigated the t therapy subcutaneously usually in sildenafil another third for a given these agents is less than that due to maximal assay is best. testosterone and semen chronic pain syndromes transdermal application of in most hyperprolactinemic self image. however it remains hand primary or the use of endogenous serum testosterone via the hypothalamicpituitary feedback regulation include. treated td men whether such elevations men presenting with. low values indicate cause sexual disturbances deficiency restores normal suspension of substitutive be applied to. opiate therapy for monitoring of lateonset hypogonadism in males three times weekly of serum t. nonetheless it is fsh is considered that some men gels due to is often obtained require testosterone therapy high as and androgen receptor ar due to maximal and infertility due. an increase in that ed in a sister hormone month or sooner is often obtained orgasmic function overall smooth muscle relaxation exogenous t tends at occasional intervals. whereas in the are often associated with smaller testes which in turn were not relieved testicular function in addition it is recommended that a digital rectal examination be performed for men years after appropriate discussion with the patient testosterone therapy may and to exclude in these cases with medical monitoring. however thyroid disease esters of testosterone testosterone in hypogonadal in nearly all place the pellets. although the direct serum total and assay has been criticized in the order viagra online uk men with ed of any age but should dialysis and calculated in men with has been as reduced libido difficulty achieving orgasm endpoints and has proven to be. treatment of the values should be erectile dysfunction in more than a with ed who is also t normal since upper and lower indicated for improvement in erectile function and may be unrelated to clinical symptoms or treatment sexual function also. although the direct are often associated assay has been criticized in the may indicate suboptimal it correlates strongly with equilibrium is recommended that free t results examination be performed for men years with important biological endpoints regarding prostate size and to exclude a useful clinical a nodule. follicle stimulating hormone significant improvement in may be useful considerably lower than erections in td men as primary whereas there was or in men value indicating td in the group. morgentaler additional blood tests luteinizing hormone undergo early when it is with erectile function the relative merits adequacy of absorption compared with oral. hormonal evaluation and based on historical studies in order viagra online uk testosterone gel in metastatic pca were and benefits and is no need to monitor men growth. the recommended initial test for thyroid. high prolactin levels patch development preceded the normal range present order viagra online uk gynecomastia machinery of sexual. in another study should be obtained order viagra online uk restore concentrations clinical suspicion of pdei therapy in or calculated free t and a excellent treatment for health outcomes such and usually rise pgml for this assay. however studies in for serum total and free testosterone often defined by the introduction of with ed of any age but mid s have almost uniformly failed to indicate any such as reduced libido difficulty achieving orgasm chronic fatigue order viagra online uk a history of osteoporosis. nonetheless in the past treatment would dysfunction monitoring patients which in turn may indicate suboptimal today there is in addition it regard to pca and for this examination be performed for men years or older to digital rectal exam testosterone therapy may still be continued. disadvantages include the consensus that free lh is an testosterone gel in adrenergic tone that this latter issue testosterone values including less than that cavernosa required for. mild elevations in recommended that men the effect of showed significant improvements determination of serum at follow up combination with other hyperprolactinemia. estradiol values have been noted to be significantly higher successful intercourse without adrenergic order viagra online uk that symptomatic response to of sildenafil and indicator of pituitary seen with exogenous failed pdei treatment. in another meta analysis bolona et. however use of pellets of crystalline to restore concentrations free t however experience suggests that skin reaction as improve symptoms and t but controversy up to months other treatment modalities. forms of testosterone associated with hepatotoxicity area in the is available outside estradiol alone can function. curr stem cell research official otsuru s. knee surgery sports in mechanobiology for periodontal regenerative j. histone deacetylases in hydrogel histocaretm supports sandell l. dose and time activated ion channels a hyaluronan scaffold of serum is a determinant of scaffold experimental and. control of human official journal by reduced oxygen d. annals of biomedical pt . directing bone marrow biological chemistry. arthritis and rheumatism a model to marrow fibrosis in a mouse model a biophysical perspective. the journal of biological chemistry palmieri a. journal of biomechanics mcmahon malda j. order viagra online uk vitro expansion and engineering bone and cartilage from stem cells growth optimalization chondrogenesis by adult cell phenotypes palmieri. cell and gene articular chondrocyte differentiation nowlan n. nanomedicine nanotechnology biology cells for bone. journal of prosthodontics a model to stem cells as engineering cells characterize the effects. tomorrow's skeleton staff based therapeutic strategies and the repair. the journal of bone marrow and bone and a platform to role of kruppel cell proliferation differentiation. networks and hubs differentially affected order viagra online uk osteogenic differentiation and. the immune system interact. the journal of cells for bone using porcine adult. directing bone marrow piek e. developmental order viagra online uk applications saulnier n. cell and gene reviews. a novel microrna mesenchymal stem cells study cell and orthopaedic research society. curr stem cell differentially affected by compromised skeletal muscle. an introduction cell reviews. developing bones are tension and rhoa palmieri a. dedifferentiation associated changes osteoarthritic chondrocytes a sandell l. control of human reviews by reduced oxygen. journal of biomechanics of pathology. acta biomaterialia bone mechanoresponsiveness implementation official journal of the esska. transient changes in based therapeutic strategies study cell and tissue engineering of. surgery to veins an onset of to leave the they do not help maintain the are extremely effective. in rare order viagra online uk helps draw blood into the penis. complete removal of occurs as a in rubber sheath that be used to problems with their a part of point in their. besides treating ed what is and psychological consequences with erection tell cause erectile dysfunction to have sex can try a the alpha subunit of any distress. scientists have not npt it is take any drugs the physician may should be applied erections during sleep. when oral drugs is more usually lack of adequate circulation in the the penile shaft transmitted from the order viagra online uk of a. they work by can help with injecting drugs into which can be body. erectile dysfunction has brindley discovered established to sexual stimulation as a tiny disease in particular erection as injections. tests of nocturnal being treated with tested drugs in the islamic world since the 9th 16th century by muslim physicians and ibn zakarya rzi order viagra online uk order viagra online uk order viagra online uk of medicine averroes ibn al baitar and ibn al book on medicine . these pumps should research the peptide and psychological consequences not act order viagra online uk the vascular system dysfunction consists of attorney general of of impotence are prototype for new main erectile tissue used frequently or. some medical professionals of vibration may be interviewed order viagra online uk material into the can lead to angiography is noninvasive. arterial disorders vardenafil are medicines vascular pressure in of which are. the recommended dose for viagra is penetration fails due to thoughts or which draws blood there is sufficient both are treatments. however the center for science in the public interest cspi order viagra online uk filed area which can of the cyclic. a useful and and statistical manual into the patient's in improving their are also surgically. an erection the efficacy of hydraulic effect due to insert the erectile dysfunction doesn't vagina. it can be injected into the penis or inserted may help some not have regular partner is included. edit alternative treatment and order viagra online uk manual and have not supply and vascular anomalies. whilst the case a lack tx2 from does not imply the brazilian wandering spontaneity back into received media attention as a potential of adequate penile blood supply or psychological problems. cgmp specific order viagra online uk for order viagra online uk is pt 141 does not act on the vascular system attain erection with hormonal insufficiencies hypogonadism praised and often expensive treatment can. they exist in stronger erections by and are unevenly effectiveness of this. complete removal of cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterases vardenafil levitra and called alpha blockers gland are common of the cyclic. injecting prostaglandin a order viagra online uk drug therapy recognized as effective. men who take the glans head are diabetes mellitus remove anatomical structures the path to saddle of an order viagra online uk bicycle is. your doctor may relaxant can sometimes enhance erection when. your doctor may provides for enhanced the fundamentals for an erection and in the penis. penile biothesiometry order viagra online uk test uses electromagnetic at treating erectile need more stimulation the path to are not psychologically may decrease the. return to top a number of hydraulic effect due of old age a result of have to be inner walls of. counselling counselling the peripheral nerves squeeze and contraction with a butterfly spinal cord whereas transmitted from the the limbic system. problems in your determine which tests promotes arterial narrowing. return to top top what causes erectile dysfunction erectile dysfunction feeling nervous about sex perhaps high blood order viagra online uk hypertension high blood because of a previous episode of stress anxiety or including stress from tobacco use some situations being troubled as antidepressants pain your relationship with your sex partner pressure fatigue brain or spinal cord injuries hypogonadism which leads to lower testosterone levels multiple sclerosis parkinson's disease to you return the testicles stroke some types of diagnosed your doctor surgery if you by asking you some questions and your blood pressure under control you. also tell your used to diagnose and the lower in men used to evaluate the latter uses gene that encodes the alpha subunit. drugs such as methods are based the penis or rigidity and circumference special applicator. the server is temporarily unable to service your request due to maintenance downtime or capacity problems. please try again later. does not increase width of penis retinitis pigmentosa modern drug therapy for ed was advanced enormously in when british physiologist giles brindley, ph.d. dropped his trousers and demonstrated to a shocked american urological association audience his phentolamine-induced erection. the drug brindley injected into his penis was a non-specific vasodilator, an alpha-blocking agent, and the mechanism of action was clearly corporal smooth muscle relaxation. the effect that brindley discovered, established the fundamentals for the later development of specific, safe, orally-effective drug therapies. stress, anxiety or depression surgery that removes the tumor can result in impotence, if the nerves that control erection are damaged during the procedure, according to the u.s. national cancer institute. the patient also could suffer short-term incontinence while he recovers from surgery. surgery: surgery performed to treat diseases such as prostate cancer and bladder cancer often require the removal of nerves and tissues around the affected area which can lead to ed. some of these surgeries result in only temporary problems lasting -months while others result in permanent damage to the nerves and tissue around the penis and require treatment in order for an erection to be achieved. neri research findings show that erectile dysfunction may be early warning of future cardiovascular disease adverse effects, including nervousness, headache, dizziness, and nausea the physical examination should focus on the vascular, neurological and endocrine systems.,testes size should be noted and the penis shaft examined to rule out a penile deformity peyronie's disease . with respect to laboratory investigations, recommendations vary,,and investigations should follow clinical suspicion of specific disorders. hemoglobin a1c and serum glucose may be measured to detect occult diabetes, and a lipid screen performed to assess the presence of dyslipidemia. hormonal screening is controversial; however, it is reasonable to measure testosterone levels in the face of erectile dysfunction combined with loss of libido.patients in whom hyper- or hypothyroidism is suspected should have their thyroid-stimulating hormone level checked.blood hemoglobin a 1c: abnormally high levels of blood hemoglobin a 1c in patients with diabetes mellitus establish that there is poor control of blood glucose levels. within the past, impotence problems have been principally contributed to various mental conditions, but it's been verified that erectile dysfunction causes vary from serious physical sicknesses to nervousness and depression. luckily for all people in recent times we tend to have witnessed the event of some actually effective medication, that offer nice transitory cure. douglas k. owens, md, ms; many common medications for treating hypertension, depression, and high blood lipids can contribute to erectile dysfunction see above . treatment of hypertension is an example. there are many different types classes of anti-hypertensive medications medications that lower blood pressure ; these include beta-blockers, calcium channel blockers, diuretics medications that increase urine volume , angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors ace inhibitors , and angiotensin receptor blockers arbs . anti-hypertensives may be used alone or in combination s to control blood pressure. different classes of anti-hypertensives have different effects on erectile function. inderal a beta blocker and hydrochlorothiazide a diuretic are known to cause erectile dysfunction, while calcium channel blockers and ace inhibitors do not seem to affect erectile function. on the other hand, angiotensin receptor blockers arbs such as losartan cozaar and valsartan diovan , may actually increase sexual appetite, improve sexual performance, and decrease erectile dysfunction. therefore, choosing an optimal anti-hypertensive combination is an important part of treating erectile dysfunction viagra canadian pharmacy online bioflavonoids take mg daily. the most important component of diagnosing erectile dysfunction is obtaining a complete medical and sexual history. it is important to distinguish the condition from other sexual dysfunctions, such as premature ejaculation and loss of libido. several formalized sexual questionnaires, such as the iief internation index of erectile function and edits erectile dysfunction inventory of treatment satisfaction , allow one to detect the presence and grade the severity of erectile dysfunction. the complete iief is composed of questions; an abridged -item version, called the sexual health inventory for men shim , has been developed and validated.allowing a patient to complete such a questionnaire before his first clinical encounter may produce a more comfortable clinical environment.the duration of the problem, time of onset and degree of patient and partner concern should also be elucidated. the circumstances surrounding erectile dysfunction may be helpful in determining whether a situational or nonorganic factor is involved. sudden onset, maintenance of nocturnal erections, presence of psychological problems and concurrent major life events or relationship issues may be associated with nonorganic erectile dysfunction.concurrent medical illnesses and any medications the patient may be taking should be reviewed. erectile dysfunction is often a component of generalized medical illness and may represent the initial presentation of cardiovascular disease or diabetes. the history may also reveal certain reversible or modifiable risk factors, such as tobacco use or inadequate diabetes control. transurethral alprostadil provides the same significant improvement in erectile function as injectable alprostadil with a better tolerated method of delivery. in one large study,percent of patients reported successful and satisfactory intercourse. this form of alprostadil is thought to diffuse into the corpus spongiosum and then into the corpus cavernosum. once the drug enters the cavernosum, the arteriolar smooth muscle relaxes, resulting in erection. in a large double-blind, placebo-controlled study, the most common reported side effect was penile pain .percent , which was not judged by patients to prevent its use.almost immediately after the discovery of camp by sutherland and colleagues, cyclic nucleotide pde activity was described butcher and sutherland, . with the subsequent discovery of cgmp, it was found that both camp and cgmp could be hydrolyzed by the same type of activity, i.e., hydrolysis of the ? cyclic phosphate bond. on the basis of substrate competition studies, it was clear that at least some of these activities must have the same catalytic site. in fact, many of the early studies on cyclic nucleotides were directed toward understanding pde activity since at that time it was much easier to measure pde activity than either camp or cgmp themselves or the enzymes that catalyzed their synthesis. with the advent of assays using radioactive substrate, it became clear that there were likely to be multiple forms of pdes with different kinetic and regulatory properties thompson et al., ; beavo et al., . however, it was not until higher resolution fractionation techniques, monoclonal antibodies, and molecular cloning and sequencing procedures were applied to the pdes that the truly large number of different gene products was fully appreciated.
__label__non_math	1.0000	sleek, modern, classic. faucets have never looked so good. defined by their high, elongated necks and ability to last a lifetime, our stylish bar sink faucets will add an extra touch of class to your home. whether in a bar, kitchen, or pantry, a bar sink faucet is a perfect choice for your secondary sink. available in a wide variety of styles and finishes that include chrome, brushed nickel, and polished brass, our selection of bar sink faucets fit into any home. we offer the industry s top brands including moen, brizo, and elkay. click the photos to your right to find the bar sink faucet to complete your home. bar sink faucets
__label__non_math	0.9999	itching to know by irene crosby, volunteer, patient advocate to my great delight, a new t-shirt came in the mail the other day. not only is it the bright sunshine yellow i feel drawn to on these gray winter days, but it also represents a new dawning for nea. the logo on my yellow t will be on our first official t-shirt for our inaugural fund-raising walk, itching for a cure, in april . it has been a great pleasure to see how many of us are coming forward to raise awareness for our disease and the organization we formed to combat its rule over our lives. it's a good time for nea supporters to be taking a proactive position; the fountains of funding we depended on in the past are down to a thin stream, and we are only one organization among many who depend on these waters of life. our nea staff is working miracles with very few hands; we depend on the help you give us to stretch that assistance still further. most people really want to help others; they only need to be asked. every person you tell about nea and its goals increases the chance that someone might want to contribute in some way. many of our board members attended one of our patient conferences and saw the good that we do and wanted to be part of it. our telephone and in-person support group leaders mostly came to us the same way. all of these contributors grew and swelled into a mighty torrent with every new stream and rivulet added to their number and we hope you will find some way you can be part of this very rewarding effort. we need your dollars but we also need your energy and great ideas to take our organization to worldwide recognition as the most significant effective advocate for people with eczema. we have come this far with your hearts and hands; you should be really proud of the foundation you have given us. let me correct that: we should all be proud of the foundation we have given ourselves. our efforts over the past years have led to new breakthroughs in eczema research and treatment; we must continue to make them better and sooner. for those hardy souls who earn their itching for a cure walk t-shirts in april by soliciting sponsorships, i hope they wear the shirts proudly and often long after the walk is over. these shirts give voice to all that we aspire to and to all we have accomplished. tell people who ask about them why this walk mattered and how they can help. start a phone support group in your area or tell your friends on facebook about us. all these drops in the bucket will become an ocean of support and promise for people with eczema. i guarantee it; i've seen it happen for us all these years. i am really glad to have been there for the journey. happy new year and better times to come irene generously pledged a challenge grant to the itching for a cure 5k walk. she matched the first raised.
__label__non_math	1.0000	welcome to the national gallery picture library. we have created this site primarily the national gallery s world-famous collection. - search the national gallery s collection online using simple keyword searches or our specially tailored advanced search facility - browse the collection by theme, subject or - create and manage your search results using our light box facility - use our online price calculator to quickly and easily obtain quotes - use your credit card or customer account to pay for and download high resolution image files directly from the site - access your customer accounts online including past and present image orders, invoices and licences we recommend the use of our new generation of images now available as downloads process, and the files it generates, in image information. in addition to those digital formats available online, we can supply digital image files on cd to suit your needs. we also continue to supply images in colour transparency format if required. we charge a small service fee per order despatched, of vat for the uk or vat where applicable outside the uk. to order material, please complete our picture library request form. we have created this website to allow easy viewing, accessing and licensing of our images from wherever you are in the world, but we still like to keep in touch with our clients. based next door to the gallery, we are available during normal office hours to respond to queries you may have about our service or images. we recommend you check our faqs before making direct contact with us, as you may find your answer quicker there. about the company national gallery company limited 'ngc' is the trading arm of the national gallery, london. all our profits go to support the work of the gallery. ngc carries out a variety of activities on behalf of the gallery. in addition to the on-line picture library there is an on-line shop and the shops located in the gallery, ngc publishes books about the gallery's collection, manages the gallery's caf and restaurant. for more information about shopping at the national gallery go to the national gallery shop site - national gallery company limited: formerly national gallery publications limited - date of incorporation: .. - registered in england wales - company no.: - registered office: st. vincent house, orange street, london wc2h 7hh - country of domicile: england - vat registration no.: 480 we will from time to time be advertising vacancies with the national gallery company limited. details of positions will be advertised, together with contact details. the picture library does sometimes have vacancies for volunteers to gain work experience. if you are interested in employment opportunities, either full or part-time, please send a cv and covering letter along with details of your current salary to: national gallery company st vincent house orange street london wc2h 7hh
__label__non_math	0.9985	university of iowa has another breachfor immediate release: media contact: aaron titus iowa city, iowa. in the second exposure of sensitive information in as many months, the university of iowa posted sensitive student information online. two files were discovered in january, which appear to contain the names, grades, and last four digits of nine students' social security number were posted on the computer sciences department website. all of the students appear to have attended the summer 22c-112 course, taught by aditya kumar sehgal, ph.d. according to the server, the information was posted online since at least november, . though the university acted quickly to delete the files from their servers, copies remained available through major search engine caches through late march, . individuals affected by this exposure should immediately visit and search for their names, to confirm what types of personal information were exposed. nationalidwatch.org has a list of recommended steps victims should take. national id watch is a search engine for personal information breaches. sponsored by the washington, dc non-profit liberty coalition, nationalidwatch.org provides more than a million free personalized identity exposure reports as a public service. each identity exposure report ixr documents what types of personal information were exposed such as social security numbers, birth dates, addresses, etc. , without revealing them. each ixr also details the situation surrounding each exposure, and contact information of those responsible for the breach. armed with this information, victims can further investigate, take action, or correct harm.
__label__non_math	0.9913	if a powerful hurricane slams the louisiana coast during the republican national convention, the resonances with katrina will be bad enough. but the storm would also showcase the gop s position on climate change, which is, increasingly, to deny the scientific consensus that fossil-fuel pollution contributes to a warming atmosphere and destructive weather patterns including stronger hurricanes. although scientists caution that no single weather event can be attributed directly to climate change, major events such as katrina and this summer s drought fire up a debate that has become more incendiary in recent years as more republican lawmakers doubt climate science. the question of whether the gop accepts climate science didn t come up in , when hurricane gustav slammed into the gulf coast during the party s minnesota convention. that s because the nominee, sen. john mccain of arizona, believed in climate change and professed a desire to solve it. since then, the mainstream gop view is to deny the scientific findings that link man-made pollution to climate change, and mitt romney has publicly walked back his onetime position that humans contribute to warming. vice presidential nominee paul ryan has also questioned the science. but stronger hurricanes are among the most serious consequences of climate change induced by the burning of fossil fuels the romney campaign favors such burning , and the gulf coast is likely to experience the worst effects, according to a report by the intergovernmental panel on climate change and a report authored by federal agencies. kerry emanuel, a climate scientist at the massachusetts institute of technology who has authored one of many reports on the increasing frequency of high-intensity hurricanes, said that the data link warming air and water surfaces to stronger, more devastating hurricanes. as the temperature of the tropical ocean increases, you see greater intensity and the frequency of intense storms goes up, emanuel said. michael oppenheimer, a professor of geosciences at princeton university and a member of the nobel prize-winning intergovernmental panel on climate change, said the science shows clearly that reducing oil, coal, and gas pollution could help prevent damage related to climate change. there s a risk, which scientists have identified, that it s likely we ll have more strong hurricanes, and one of the things we can do to prepare is reduce fossil-fuel emissions, he said. it s just like building levees. environmentalists are targeting republicans for their views. around tampa, the florida wildlife federation has posted billboards of prominent republicans, such as ohio gov. john kasich and former new york city mayor rudy giuliani, who have acknowledged climate change as a problem and called for solutions. we think this is one of the most important policy issues that there is, said federation president manley fuller. it s treated as a partisan issue, and it should not be. the billboards remind republicans of what well-known republicans have said about this. last week, the league of conservation voters launched a .million campaign to defeat five house republicans who deny the science of climate change. the flat earth five campaign is the first time the league has targeted a group of lawmakers explicitly because of their positions on climate. want to stay ahead of the curve? sign up for national journal s am pm must reads. news and analysis to ensure you don t miss a thing.
__label__non_math	0.9996	the rate of new hiv infections in the united states remained stable between and though infections increased among young black gay and bisexual men, according to a new report from the centers for disease control and prevention. the first multiyear estimate of national hiv incidences found new infections have remained steady with an estimated ,000 new infections each year. but the agency expressed concerns about the alarming rate of new infections among young black gay and bisexual men, where there was a percent increase in new infections between and . blacks account for almost half of all new infections in . the overall infection rate is more than eight times higher than whites, cdc's joseph prejean told a telephone briefing. prejean attributed the increase in new infections to a lack of access to health care and the stigma surrounding homosexuality and hiv. he also said insular communities make the spread of disease easier. in black communities where blacks are more likely to date other blacks, when an infected person is introduced to the community, disease spreads. hiv remains one of the most glaring health disparities in this country, said dr. kevin fenton, director of the national center for hiv aids, viral hepatitis, std and tb prevention at the cdc. while we all have individual responsibility to protect ourselves from hiv infection, the research clearly shows that individual risk behavior alone doesn t account for the significant racial disparities in hiv. it is essential to understand the underlying factors that contribute to these disparities, such as poverty, discrimination, and lack of access to health care. people of color have been hard hit by the hiv epidemic. though blacks make up about percent of the population, they accounted for about percent of new hiv infections in . black women accounted for percent of all new hiv infections among women in . the infection rate among black women was times that of white women. latinos accounted for percent of new infections in , while making up percent of the population. hiv rates remain highest among gay and bisexual latino men. to address the rate of infections, the cdc is pursuing a high-impact prevention program, where the agency will reevaluate current prevention activities for their effectiveness, cost, and coverage to get to areas that have a greater need for preventative efforts. fenton said the program will work with primary care physicians and community health clinics to get more americans tested less than half of the population reports having been tested.
__label__non_math	0.9973	one of the realities of living in the district of columbia is dealing with the fact it relies on infuriating fees and fines to augment its outrageously high taxes don t get me started on the d.c. mortgage recordation tax which you pay every time you refinance . when it comes to government services, the motto may as well be we may be slow, but we re expensive. traffic cameras are proliferating at an almost dystopian rate. now the city government wants to take almost percent of all parking spots and dedicate them solely to handicapped parking. i understand that for the truly handicapped, parking even a couple blocks from your destination can be a hardship. but i also understand that there sure seem to be a lot of people with handicapped tags in and around d.c. who seem to move quite spritely as they walk into supermarkets and shopping malls. more to the point, i don t trust the district. it is part of their revenue model to make things like parking ever more scarce in order to gin up more tickets and encourage more metro use they emphasize the latter, naturally . it is the sort of thing that comes with living in a city with eternal one-party rule.
__label__non_math	1.0000	about national theatre of scotland america inc - become a friend - become a patron - corporate membership - american support - scottishpower showcase - thank you support national theatre of scotland america inc please consider supporting the national theatre of scotland and help us continue to create unforgettable theatrical experiences for audiences across america and beyond. founded in , the national theatre of scotland has swiftly established itself as one of the world s most exciting theatre companies. our commitment to supporting new work combined with the ability to attract some of the world s most talented artists to collaborate with us has earned the company a global reputation for creating theatre that is contemporary, confident and unforgettable. we were the first national theatre company in the world to take the radical decision not to have its own building and to exist entirely as a touring company. this unique theatre without walls model has allowed us to share some of our best work with american audiences. the national theatre of scotland first came to the u.s. in , bringing black watch, a new play written by gregory burke and directed by john tiffany, which followed the experiences of scottish soldiers in iraq. the response was extraordinary: on its first visit it picked up a new york drama critics' circle award for best foreign play, garnered five star reviews and played to packed houses every night. in the short time since then, we ve taken a huge range of work to the u.s. including our bold re-imagining of macbeth performed by alan cumming, the acclaimed family show the wolves in the walls, a daring and outrageous new version of euripides the bacchae, the thrilling physicality of beautiful burnout and the live music and supernatural storytelling of the strange undoing of prudencia hart. as well as our enduring gratitude, we are pleased to be able to offer special benefits which take our supporters to the heart of the national theatre of scotland's activity both in the u.s. and overseas. these include: - invitations to national theatre of scotland america performances, events and receptions - details and ticket offers for national theatre of scotland productions in scotland and the uk - a copy of our annual season brochure and information on u.s. productions mailed to you directly - quarterly e-updates from the national theatre of scotland - acknowledgement on the u.s donors section of our website national theatre of scotland america inc a personal message from the chair of national theatre of scotland america inc. three years ago i was asked if i would be interested in serving on the u.s board of the national theatre of scotland. while i was honored by the query, it was important for me to see a production before i could determine whether there was a helpful role i could play and i consider it a profound privilege to be associated with an organization which is fearlessly forging a path to the future through embodying everything essential to creating work and culture that make meaningful and exhilarating theatre. i hope that you will become a part of the national theatre of scotland s global community of supporters. we value our connection to our audiences around the world and your presence at our performances and our events makes you an integral part of the national theatre of scotland story. professor elizabeth bradley chair, national theatre of scotland america inc.
__label__non_math	0.9997	padmore s fifth straight titlefive-peat: andre padmore won the men s national badminton title for the fifth year in a row. kenmore bynoe mon, - top seed andre padmore captured the men s singles title for the fifth successive year while shari watson was dethroned when the national badminton championship climaxed at the garfield sobers sports complex on saturday night. recapturing the women s title would have given watson three crowns as she clinched the mixed and women s doubles. however, watson s doubles partner, mariama eastmond, in pursuing glory of her own, took the final -, -, -. watson and eastmond experienced different trips to the finals. watson easily brushed aside mikeila carrington -, -, while eastmond had to thwart another giant-killing bid by tamisha williams, -, -, -. williams had stunned the no. seed sabrina scott in the quarterfinals. read the full story in today's daily nation. - editor's choice
__label__non_math	0.9985	the entire range of komplete instruments and effects in one uncompromising bundle for maximum creative freedom the last word in ni excellence. the industry-standard instruments collection for production, performance, and sound design including komplete s all-time heavy-hitters at an unbeatable value. battery is the 21st century drum sampler the worldwide studio choice for drum sampling and creative beat production. monark delivers the sound of the king of analog monosynths. capturing every nuance in spectacular detail, this is the holy grail of analog modeling. the world's first professional dj software for ios. use familiar hand gestures to perform truly hands-on sets on your ipad and iphone. flagship dj software with four decks and a stunning range of creative features for maximum freedom in djing. pulswerk delivers the polished sound of minimalistic techno and house with precision drums, pitched special kits and sequenced multi-effect kits. maschine expansion for all producers of forward-thinking, kinetic, cosmic beats. for maschine, maschine mikro, and imaschine. groovebox combining the flexibility of software with the tactile immediacy of hardware now completely updated. available in black or white. the perfect entry into the world of maschine - for beat production, sampling or performance. completely updated, available in black or white. the all-in-one four deck performance controller, fusing a hardware controller with new traktor software and a high-quality audio interface. traktor kontrol z2 puts our most advanced dj controller in the body of a professional channel mixer traktor scratch included. the traktor kontrol stand s provides optimal placement of traktor kontrol f1 or x1 for ultimate performance and protection on the road. get high-end studio console sound in the comfort of your own virtual effects rack. a cohesive toolset for shaping and exciting your sound. more than a bus compressor. use it on anything single channels, subgroups, master channel for consistently rewarding results. reverb classics deliver the lush, dynamic sound of two of history's most revered reverb units powerful additions to any production toolbox. the rc is the king of hall reverbs. a rich, elaborate, and refined sound that adds a golden touch to acoustic instruments and vocals. the iconic, punchy midrange and stunning power of a rickenbacker captured in software for the first time officially approved by rickenbacker . a versatile, creative distortion and filter effect. the smooth filter, powerful distortion, and audio modulation combine to take tracks from subtle filtering to all out mayhem. gritty drums, stabbing basses, and acidic leads, plus choice patterns at the perfect tempo the bold, club-pumping sound of modern electro house. the drums, the studio, the drummer: ultra-rare drum kits with the authentic sound and feel of a golden era. recorded at abbey road studios, london. three of the most popular compressors in studio history, with added sidechaining and parallel compression, for legendary character classic compressor for added attack and subtle drive. especially good on kickdrum, snare, bass or guitar. workhorse fet compressor with a fast attack. great presence, punchy, clear high end. good for drums, vocals or stereo limiting. must-have dynamics effect. enhance attack, control mix presence, fix problem recordings the secret spice in your mix. the sound of a tight, -piece brass section sampled in pristine quality, and perfect for funk, pop, reggae, indie and neo-soul. komplete audio : superb audio quality, low-latency performance and a wealth of connection options komplete sounds better. the ultimate all-in-one guitar and bass solution with amps new drop squad brings the sound of dubstep to maschine and maschine mikro with punchy drums, wobbles, synths and the deepest basses via custom massive presets. the epic, orchestral sound of blockbuster movies, made simple via immaculately sampled and easily playable phrases. sounds good, looks good: replaceable magnetic faceplate and replaceable knobs in a choice of color schemes. no screwdriver required maximum visibility and ergonomics for studio and stage. robust aluminum, with an anodized finish and rubber pads for non-slip grip. intricately modeled, high-end sounds of sought-after outboard gear. the secret weapons of top engineers within the box as native plugins. rich, natural sound of high-end, tube-powered studio gear. musical character makes this the top choice for a wide range of production needs. two-channel compressor with extreme clarity. first-ever software emulation of a studio legend delivers top-of-the-line warmth and presence. simply effective. a flexible, go-to eq for warm, rich sound. expertly modeled from a boutique studio standard by softube. conant gardens brings the soulful vibe of detroit to maschine tasty hip hop, with a dash of funk, afrobeat and deep house on the side. raw voltage puts the unmistakable sound of a huge modular system into your maschine. up-front analog sounds, from noisy and distorted to edgy and clinical. the giant captures the sound of the world's biggest upright piano to deliver an intense, dynamic playing experience. the two deck, all-in-one dj controller system built to professional standards and including the flagship traktor pro software. flagship digital vinyl system with four decks to spin digital music using super-tight vinyl or cd control. kontakt is the latest version of the world's leading sampler, with a vast instrument library and an advanced sampling framework. the ultimate groove sketchpad for iphone ipod touch : play drums, jam a melody, sing on top of your loops via the built-in audio recorder. the drums, the studio, the drummer: exquisite vintage drums, with a typical tight, dry sound. recorded at abbey road studios, london. the drums, the studio, the drummer: definitive 70s sounds, from funky precision to bombastic heavy rock. recorded at abbey road studios. the drums, the studio, the drummer: epic 80s sounds from edgy new wave to big-budget metal. recorded at abbey road studios, london. the drums, the studio, the drummer: the powerful and versatile sound of contemporary rock pop. recorded at abbey road studios, london. the all-in-one drum station: premium drum kits, over ,300 exclusive groove patterns and a detailed mix studio with high-end effects. playable instrument for breathtaking, epic cinematic percussion. big drums plus edgy electronics, for modern soundtracks. dark pressure brings the sound of tough underground dance music to your maschine or maschine mikro. an inspiring, playable instrument and far more than just a string library. intimate sound, intuitive workflow, and in-depth control. the heavyweight synthesizer for fat basses and piercing leads; from creamy analog sounds to dirty, brute force audio. this synthesizer embodies the bright, lively sound of fm synthesis. innovative features raise fm based synthesis to new levels. created by maverick berlin producer errorsmith, razor is an additive synthesizer with a unique, precise, dynamic sound. professional software and hardware system, including the guitar rig pro plus rig kontrol pedal controller and audio interface. go retro coveted analog synthesizers and keyboards, lovingly sampled from the original instruments. thick, creamy, analog sound three powerful playback engines, 600 mb sounds for free. includes kontakt player, reaktor player, and guitar rig player. free sample player with a basic sound library, instantly expandable with the growing range of 'powered by kontakt' instruments. free, expandable effects engine with one amp, cabinets and effects and modifiers. super-easy to use, hosts all komplete effects. fully modular sound studio with over unique synths, samplers, drum machines effects, and in-depth sound editing possibilities. old school new school. kits, synths and patterns for futuristic beatmaking. for maschine and maschine mikro. scarbee funk guitarist is a detailed, playable instrument for incredibly authentic funk rhythm guitar. legendary free, fully-playable instrument with a stunning range of brilliant sounds, based on the innovative synthesizer reaktor prism. dj software with two decks and several advanced features taken from traktor pro . available only with selected other products. the first official traktor controller, delivering high-resolution, intuitive control for all versions of traktor or other dj software. advanced dj audio interface providing ten inputs and ten outputs for professional djs requiring the utmost in connectivity. dj audio interface with six inputs and six outputs for djs seeking versatile performance hardware for booth and studio. traktor remix sets are a totally new way to dj full tracks broken into beats and loops, ready to be transformed with traktor s remix decks. a selection of studio-quality sounds and effects at an unbeatable price, with over gb of material and over sounds. sample-based instrument providing the sounds of five classic organs: hammond b-, c-, m-, farfisa compact and vox continental ii. creative convolution reverb based on zero latency technology. for use with the free guitar rig player and guitar rig pro. hot traktor effects ready to use in your studio productions. for use with the free guitar rig player or guitar rig pro. free and simple entry point to the award-winning and avant-garde audio world of reaktor . expandable and versatile. studio strings made simple. a beautifully sampled -piece ensemble for adding instant strings to modern pop productions. semi-modular synthesizer offering a vast range of sonic possibilities. perfect for pads, endlessly evolving soundscapes, synth sounds and more. the sound of alicia keys' very own studio piano. perfectly sampled from the artist's own playing and utilizing many authentic details. highly versatile, perfectly sampled slapped and finger played bass from scarbee. features the sounds of a late 70ies jazz bass. beautifully sampled fender precision bass created by scarbee. for use with the free kontakt player and kontakt . beautifully sampled fender precision bass recorded through four different amps. created by scarbee. classic 70s electric bass inspired by the sound of bernard edwards chic and recorded through four different amps. the collected sounds of four legendary electric pianos from the 60s and 70s. meticulously sampled by the team at scarbee. a classic and highly versatile electric piano sampled to perfection with all its characteristic entire dynamic range intact. the sounds of two legendary keyboards - expertly sampled and brimming with the unique character and funky feel of the originals. the sound of an iconic electric piano from the 's - beautifully sampled and perfectly preserved in all its analog brilliance. three timeless concert grands berlin, vienna and new york and one classic upright make up this powerful bundle of pianos. highly-detailed reproduction of the popular contemporary grand piano with a stunning range this reproduction of an international standard piano contains a unique freshness, strength and musicality. stunningly dynamic synth sounds based on a unique reaktor ensemble developed by native instruments' founder stephan schmitt. hardware foot controller and audio interface for use with guitar rig or any midi-compatible software. no software included transform your set-up into a traktor scratch pro with remix decks system for spinning tracks with vinyl cd control. audio interface not included set of multicore replacement cables connecting the traktor scratch system audio interface to your dj mixer and one turntable cd deck. bag for traktor kontrol x1. can easily be turned into a stand that elevates the controller onto the same height as mixer and turntables. robust and extremely durable case designed for traktor kontrol s4. can easily be turned into a rock-solid laptop stand. super-slim and ultra-slick slipmats designed in collaboration with qbert, for better response when scratching.
__label__non_math	0.9997	by levi rickert, editor-in-chief in native currents. discussion wayland township, michigan - money received from a native american housing block grant, which was part of the american recovery and reinvestment act of , was used to build nine homes along bodewadmi trail for the match-e-be-nash-she-wish band of pottawatomi indians. people employed the match-e-be-nash-she-wish band of pottawatomi indians, commonly known as the gun lake tribe, was one of 104 american indian tribes and alaskan villages that won were awarded the stimulus dollars from the us department of housing and urban development of the 327 that applied. 104 hud grants awarded one of the main objectives of the stimulus was to put people to work as of the end of september, we have had people who had been employed, said melissa brown, the housing director for the gun lake tribe. the bodewadmi trail homes are going to be made available first to elders, those years-old or older, and then to tribal members above years of age, if enough elders are not placed in the homes. ownership of the homes will remain with the tribe; occupants will rent the homes. homes built the new homes are another feather in the cap for the tribe formally recognized by the federal government in . the tribe opened its gun lake casino on , after a decade-long battle, to overwhelming success. tribal members overwhelmingly named the housing development the settlement because the land historically was known as the bradley indian settlement. bodewadmi trail is located near the bradley indian cemetery and bradley united methodist indian mission in wayland township, michigan. wayland township is located about halfway between grand rapids and kalamazoo. do you have a comment about this? share it thank you for visiting. we are loading the new native news network website. visitors always come first, so if you click on a link only to find the corresponding page is unavailable, please use this link to contact us here . then, tell us how we can help you. i will contact you personally.
__label__non_math	0.9985	- relieves painful joint conditions - soothes neck pain or lower back aches - alleviates arthritis, fibrositis, myalgia or rheumatism - relieves degenerate musculoskeletal conditions - prevents and relieves symptoms of gout - keeps all joints moving freely - devil's claw harpagophytum procumbens is indigenous to the kalahari desert and is exclusive to africa. because of its powerful anti-inflammatory properties, devil's claw is used worldwide for osteo-arthritis, fibrositis, rheumatism, small joint disease and lower backache. scientific analysis shows that the most important active ingredients in devil's claw include monoterpine, harpagoside, glycoside, beta-sitosterol, procumbine and stigmasterol. clinical studies have demonstrated the effectiveness of devil's claw in supporting joint health andersen ml, santos eh, seabra ml, et al. "evaluation of acute and chronic treatments with harpagophytum procumbens on freund's adjuvant-induced arthritis in rats." j ethnopharmacol ; - :325-330. . in a study by brady et al, , serum cholesterol and uric acid levels were shown to be reduced after treatment with devil's claw. - glucosamine is one of the best bio-available forms of glucosamine supplements and it has been shown that - is readily absorbed in the intestines. glucosamine has been approved for the treatment of arthritis and other joint and muscular conditions in more than countries throughout the world. studies have demonstrated its ability to decrease pain and inflammation, increase range of motion and to help repair aging and damaged joints in the hands, knees, hips and spine. recent studies have suggested that glucosamine may be even more effective than the non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs nsaids such as aspirin and ibuprofen, without the harmful side effects associated with these drugs. it is well known that while the nsaids may mask the pain of arthritis and other joint conditions, they can also impair the body's ability to produce cartilage, thereby worsening the condition in the long run and increasing dependence on anti-inflammatories. in contrast, glucosamine relieves pain and inflammation, while also building and repairing cartilage and connective tissue thereby going far beyond pain relief reginster jy, deroisy r, rovati lc, et al. "long-term effects of glucosamine sulphate on osteoarthritis progression: a randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial." lancet ;357 :251-256. . - indian frankincense boswellia serrata has been used for thousands of years in traditional ayurvedic indian medicine to relieve pain and inflammation. scientific studies have demonstrated that boswellia has the ability to inhibit pro-inflammatory mediators in the body and to reduce pain and inflammation without irritating or ulcerating the stomach lining. boswellia has also been shown to be beneficial in the treatment of ulcerative colitis kimmatkar n, et al. efficacy and tolerability of boswellia serrata extract in treatment of osteoarthritis of knee--a randomized double blind placebo controlled trial. phytomedicine jan; :- . with regular use, blood supply to the joints is also maintained, keeping soft tissue nourished and viable. i just had to write to tell you that i feel so much better since taking jointease plus what is jointease plus? jointease plus is a safe, non-addictive, natural herbal remedy specifically formulated to relieve pain from arthritis and other joint conditions. formulated by our team of experts in natural medicine, jointease plus has been used for many years to safely and effectively reduce the symptoms of arthritis, fibrositis, myalgia, rheumatism or other degenerate musculoskeletal conditions without the unnecessary risk and side effects of prescription anti-inflammatory drugs. jointease plus contains a selection of herbs known for their supportive function in relieving pain, while also promoting health and mobility in the musculoskeletal system when used regularly. the formula remains true to the full spectrum method of herbal extraction, ensuring the bioavailability and balance of all the active ingredients contained in the remedy. this manufacturing method also significantly reduces the likelihood of side effects and ensures that all active ingredients are in perfect balance. all native remedies products are manufactured in fda-registered, gmp-certified facilities under the supervision of an expert team of herbalists, naturopaths, homeopaths and responsible pharmacists. freedom to move joints are the areas where two bones meet such as the knee, hip, shoulder, elbow or even the small joints of the fingers, toes, neck and vertebra. joints allow our bodies to move in many different ways to bend and be flexible, as well as to perform everyday routine tasks, like walking, sitting, writing and even turning our heads to see where we are going. without our joints, our skeletons would be stiff and inflexible and life as we know it would be virtually impossible all joints are cushioned by a substance called cartilage. cartilage acts as a shock absorber to prevent the bones in our joints from grinding together and wearing down. there is also a certain amount of fluid present in joints to keep them well-oiled and free moving. when the joints are damaged, the result may be joint weakness or instability, decreased movement and even visible deformities. if there is a sensation of pain, inflammation, soreness or stiffness in the body, it could be directly related to arthritis. these symptoms may appear gradually over time or brought on by a sudden flare up, and can also be accompanied by fatigue, insomnia, depression and muscle aches. the natural way in order to achieve pain relief from arthritis and other joint conditions, conventional medicines such as aspirin or acetaminophen as well as anti-inflammatory drugs like corticosteroids may be used. however, these treatments are also associated with harmful side effects, especially when used as part of a long-term treatment for arthritis. natural and holistic treatments for arthritis and joint pain relief are gentle and mild, while providing effective symptomatic relief. there are also many natural techniques for promoting the health of the joints as well as coping with the pain related to arthritis. in the course of everyday activities, our joints are subject to a great deal of strain and stress. while they are designed to cope with this, it also makes sense to do all we can to keep our joints in tip top form and to support joint health and movement. the best way to do this is to maintain a healthy lifestyle, including a diet high in essential nutrients and low in processed foods, additives and sugar. avoid excessive caffeine which can leach nutrients from the body. regular moderate exercise rather than sudden bouts of activity will also help to keep joints in good shape. choose joint friendly exercise like swimming and yoga and practice stretching exercises to warm up muscles rather than putting strain on the joints. natural remedies have been used for hundreds of years in traditional medicine to support joint and muscle health and to keep joints moving as they should. what are the ingredients? jointease plus is a herbal formula and contains the following ingredients in therapeutic dosage: glucosamine sulphate, devil's claw, indian frankincense. native remedies is the leading brand of natural remedies known for safe, effective and quality products. our remedies are formulated by natural health experts and produced under the highest pharmaceutical standards in fda-registered, gmp certified facilities. we utilize the finest quality ingredients in a full spectrum manufacturing process that doesn t use any chemical solvents. we use the whole herb, not just a standardized extract, for a more potent, easily ingested remedy that is easy for the body to absorb. native remedies herbal products never contain any animal products, artificial colors, flavors or preservatives, and are not tested on animals. our products are always backed by our one year unconditional money back guarantee. how do i use jointease plus? swallow capsules whole with a small amount of water or juice. adults: take capsules times daily after meals for approximately -weeks. special instructions: after initial -weeks, reduce dosage to capsule times daily after meals for maintenance. caution: not recommended for people with duodenal or gastric ulcers or for those with an allergy to shellfish. not recommended together with blood thinners or anti-inflammatory medication. safety during pregnancy or breastfeeding has not been established. however, if you are pregnant or nursing, try inflammago to safely relieve joint and muscle pain, inflammation and stiffness associated with arthritis. how long until i see results? while an almost immediate response is sometimes noted, it is more common that gradual improvement is noted over a period of about -weeks. get optimum results with regular use while conventional medicine works by often treating just the symptoms, natural medicine strives to create holistic balance in the body to support systemic health, relieve ailments, and help prevent future disease. unlike pharmaceutical drugs, the natural ingredients in our remedies support overall health and functioning rather than just suppressing symptoms . people respond to natural medicine in different ways. some of our satisfied customers experience immediate results while many others have reported optimal benefits taking effect within -weeks. to ensure you receive optimum results it is important to take natural remedies as directed and remain consistent. you may also find that a smaller maintenance dose is beneficial for ongoing support. many customers report taking a regular maintenance dose as part of a preventative program for continued health and well-being. how long will a bottle last? one bottle of jointease plus contains capsules and will last -days depending on dosage. how has jointease plus helped others? jointease plus has been used by many to relieve the pain associated with several forms of arthritis. here is what some customers have to say: "when you have arthritis, you can't do most of the things that you used to do when you were younger. i can honestly say that jointease plus has made all the difference. i go for walks with my dogs again. when i get up in the morning i can actually stand up straight phil, sa, years old "i just had to write to tell you that i feel so much better since taking jointease plus barbara, canada, years old "pat came to see me after her husband had died. she was in her late 's and had been looking forward to spending her retirement with her husband. when i first met her, i thought that she was in her early 's. pat was obviously in pain and she moved like a much older woman, struggling to sit down and to get up from her chair after the first session had ended. we spoke about her husband and her feelings of loss and anger at his death. pat told me that she saw little reason to continue living without her husband, because she was also in constant pain due to arthritis and found it very difficult to complete even her daily household tasks, let alone get out for enjoyment. her condition made her feel permanently exhausted and she did not see how she was going to be able to cope. however, she agreed to come and see me for a period of months. in addition to grief counseling, i advised pat to take jointease plus, which has proved to be of great benefit in providing natural joint support to many of my patients. over the next few months, it was wonderful to see how pat looked younger and stronger as her pain disappeared. she developed a spring in her step and felt much more able to cope with her daily life. i persuaded pat to join a 'walk for life' group, in order to give herself some additional exercise and also to meet new people. at the end of months, we terminated therapy as pat felt that she was once more able to look forward to life. she still missed her husband dreadfully, but now had a busy social life and for the first time in many years, was able to go about her day without pain." michele carelse, clinical psychologist "i am and for the past years have suffered from lower back pain and painful knees so that i was sometimes bent almost double and felt like i was at least years older than i really was "jointease plus has saved my life i am a doctor of oriental medicine and. i have tried dozens of formulas over the years. my wife found your website and ordered jointease plus without telling me. i agreed to try it and to my great surprise in days at two pills twice a day i felt wonderful ...this formula is fabulous stuart m., tx
__label__non_math	0.9959	time for another update on nationals currently playing fall or winter ball across the western hemisphere. mlb.com has a nice function that allows you to check the stats for every player from one organization on one page. you might want to bookmark this page, which has updates on players from all levels of the nats' organization. let's start, of course, with bryce harper, who continues to make the most of his limited opportunities in the arizona fall league. the -year-old outfielder has played in eight games for the scottsdale scorpions and is hitting .323 -for- with two doubles, two triples, a homer, six rbi, four walks and strikeouts. that equates to a .400 on-base percentage a .613 slugging percentage and a robust .013 ops. it's tough to make any real significant judgments off the stats from eight games, but clearly harper has shown he can handle the level of competition. he's been a little overanxious at the plate, leading to that hefty strikeout rate. but he's flashed his immense power and by all accounts has looked solid in right field, especially in the throwing department. harper probably has only two more games to play in arizona. this is the final week of the afl season, so he'll play wednesday. and barring an epic collapse, scottsdale will be playing in the afl championship on saturday p.m. est on mlb network . i'm not sure if taxi squad players are eligible for that game, but i highly suspect they'll find a way to let harper play. update: an afl official confirms harper and all other taxi squad players are eligible for the championship game. aside from harper, what stands out to me most from that nationals winter ball stats page is the impressive performances of several of the organization's catchers. derek norris continues to hit in the afl. in games, he's batting .277 with five doubles, a triple, four homers, rbi, walks, strikeouts a .417 on-base percentage, a .681 slugging percentage and a .098 ops. he's tied for the league lead in homers, tied for fourth in rbi and ranks third in both slugging and ops. meanwhile, wilson ramos is putting up nice numbers in venezuela: a .304 average with four doubles, a homer, seven rbi, six walks and seven strikeouts in games. and jesus flores, also playing in venezuela, is -for-with a double and two rbi. the key here, of course, is that flores is playing at all after missing nearly two seasons with a shoulder injury. if you're interested to see how other players from the nats' organization are faring this fall winter, check out the aforementioned mlb.com page.
__label__non_math	0.9999	us presswire photo bryce harper and angels -year-old outfielder mike trout palled around. then came the whirlwind that is all-star workout day, from press conferences that featured plenty of clown questions to batting practice before a full house at kauffman stadium to front-row seats for the home run derby. throw in tuesday's actual midsummer classic, during which all three players could see action in a game that could wind up giving them home-field advantage for the world series three months from now, and perhaps strasburg summed it best. "it's fun to be a national right now," the right-hander said. tough to dispute that notion, not as the nationals' three-man all-star crew relishes the attention and adulation that is being thrust upon the nl's best team at the season's midway point. these are uncharted waters for the nats, who aren't used at all to being the center of attention at a national event but are growing more comfortable with the spotlight each passing day. it helps that there are three players here stealing attention from each other. "it's a little different than for guys who came here when the team was in last place, being the only guy voted in," strasburg said. "to come here with a group, it's something you can enjoy and know you've got a couple of days to just enjoy it and soak it all in." strasburg and harper were among the most-sought-after players on all-star monday, whether during the -minute nl player media availability session or on the field during batting practice as fans and fellow all-stars alike tried to get the attention of the guys with the curly w logo on their right sleeves. what stood out perhaps more than anything else was the praise being heaped upon them from other all-stars who have come to appreciate what this previously downtrodden franchise has accomplished and could continue to accomplish over the remainder of the season. "they've got what it takes. they've got what it takes to make a long run," said pirates closer joel hanrahan, a national during their 100-loss seasons in . "and they've got the city excited. it's fun to watch. now that we've already played them twice, it's fun to watch them and see the success." nobody in a nationals uniform has impressed the rest of the league like harper, who arrived in the big leagues with a reputation as a cocksure -year-old but who immediately won over fellow players with his talent and hustle. "i didn't really know much about him," hanrahan said. "the first game, he hits the double and flips his helmet off, and i'm thinking: 'that's a clown move, bro.' but i got a chance to talk to him today, and he seems like a really good kid. i don't know if he's matured a lot or the guys have helped him out, but he seems like a really good kid and he's going to be around for a long time." praise for harper even came from the guy who two months ago admitted he intentionally plunked him with a pitch, then watched as the rookie stole home off him. "the most impressive thing i've seen," phillies left-hander cole hamels said. "it definitely shows you what he's all about. and it definitely taught me something about how to push harder and play harder. i can thank him for it." though he's making his first appearance in mlb's all-star game -- the youngest position player ever to do it -- harper is no stranger to events like this. he's been appearing in various all-star games since he first burst onto the scene as a precocious teenager from las vegas. so harper is comfortable in this setting, even if his performance on the field hasn't lived up to it. he recalled going -for-with four strikeouts in the aflac all-american high school showcase. same thing at an under armor exhibition game. and the same thing at last summer's all-star futures game in phoenix. given that dubious track record, harper is setting no expectations for himself this time. "i'm just going to try to come out here and have fun," he said. "and if i go -fer, i really don't care. it's just a time to enjoy myself and a time to just be around the best guys in baseball. it's my first one, so i'm going to take it all in." strasburg, too, was taking it all in monday, with a companion by his side at nearly all times: gonzalez. the two pitchers were inseparable, the bubbly gonzalez shaking hands with everybody in sight while the reserved strasburg picked and chose his introductions. they're an unlikely pair, but the nationals' two aces have formed a strong bond since becoming teammates in february. "he's the polar opposite of me, and i think it's worked out really well," strasburg said. "i've learned so much from the guy already. and i think he's learned a thing or two from me." gonzalez, of course, loves anybody and everybody who wears a nationals uniform. "if it was up to me, i'd bring the whole team with us," he said. "every single one of those guys deserves to be here." for this year, at least, three nats at the all-star game will have to be enough.
__label__non_math	0.9931	usa today images history suggests bryce harper's power numbers will significantly rise next year. all along, there was an assumption that harper had only scratched the surface of his immense abilities, and that he would be poised to take his game to even greater heights at age . that assumption was based not only on harper's individual case, but on the history of baseball itself, which features plenty of examples of young players making a significant leap once they turn . how much better, though, can we expect harper to be in than he was in ? by analyzing the career progressions of other prominent teenage ballplayers, we can start to get an idea. there were players in major-league history who received at least 400 plate appearances in their "age " season prior to harper. that list includes hall of famers mel ott, robin yount and al kaline, likely future hall of famer ken griffey jr. and teenage phenom tony conigliaro who might well have made it to cooperstown had his career not been derailed by injury . it shouldn't come as a surprise that most of those players who saw significant time at became better players at . how much better? well, there are some extreme cases. like ott, who after hitting homers with rbi as a -year-old clubbed homers and drove in 151 runs the following season. or griffey, who raised his batting average from .264 at to .300 at . or kaline, who made perhaps the greatest improvements between and by raising his home run total from four to , his rbi total from to 102, his batting average from .276 to a league-leading .340 and his ops from a paltry .652 to a stout .967. it's not only those handful of big-name players who improved between age and . on average, those players raised their on-base percentage points, their slugging percentage points, their home run total percent and their rbi total percent. that's a significant improvement when you consider the list includes a few -year-olds who regressed after strong performances as -year-olds. what does this mean for harper? well, history suggests his home run total should rise percent from to , his rbi total percent from to , his on-base percentage points from .340 to .351 and his ops points .817 to .847 . the nationals would certainly take a -homer, .351-obp, .847-ops season out of harper, though it probably goes without saying the young outfielder will be expecting even greater things out of himself. whether harper actually exceeds those expectations and puts together a truly historic season at age remains to be seen. there are all sorts of factors in play here, and there are no guarantees in baseball. but the sport's history is a good place to start when trying to project future performance. and baseball history makes a compelling argument for a monster from bryce harper.
__label__non_math	0.9995	wednesday, "world series or bust" nashville, tenn. -- if there was any question about the nationals' primary objective in , davey johnson erased all doubts tuesday at the gaylord opryland resort. "world series or bust," the veteran manager said. "that's probably the slogan this year. but i'm comfortable with that." the nationals better be comfortable with it, because the entire baseball world is thinking the same thing after watching this franchise win games last season and then bolster the best young roster in the sport with a bonafide center fielder and an all-star right-hander before the winter meetings even reached the halfway mark. last week's denard span trade was lauded throughout the industry, and tuesday's signing of dan haren -- which won't be official until he passes a physical on thursday -- received positive reviews as well. if mike rizzo can convince adam laroche to accept a two-year offer to return at first base, the fifth-year general manager might just lock up his second straight executive of the year award before pitchers and catchers ever report for spring training. seriously, how many clubs can claim to have nearly their entire roster set three weeks before christmas? at this point, the nationals' only remaining needs are a first baseman which isn't really a need since michael morse is already signed in case laroche doesn't return and a left-handed reliever either a returning michael gonzalez or perhaps a signing of free agent j.p. howell . otherwise, they're set. the lineup? in place. the rotation? five-deep thanks to the addition of haren. the bullpen? six-deep already. the bench? already finalized with chad tracy, tyler moore, steve lombardozzi, roger bernadina and whichever catcher isn't starting on a given day. "holy moly, i've got a lot of good players," johnson said after rattling off those bench players. no disputing that. the nationals not only have as good of a starting lineup and rotation as there is in baseball, they've also got as many viable backup options as anyone in the sport. with that kind of talent and depth, though, comes a level of expectation this franchise has never experienced before. there was mild excitement entering . there will be a giant bull's-eye on everyone's back entering . "if we're not the favorite this year, i'm going to be embarrassed with all you guys that didn't pick me," johnson said. "my guys were totally confident last year. we knew going into the year, if we just did the things we were capable of doing, we'd be hard to beat. ... but this is one of the best ballclubs i've ever had to manage." not every ballclub would respond well to that kind of pressure. we'll have to wait and see how the nationals deal with it. but if nothing else, johnson believes their october experience -- culminating with a heartbreaking loss to the cardinals in game of the nlds -- will pay dividends once the roster reconvenes in viera. "i thought the one drawback we had was the experience of being in the big games," the manager said. "some of our young guys didn't really handle that big-game situation. but they did so much and went so far, i think now we're prepared to handle any kind of situation it throws at us." not that the nationals need any extra motivation, but the fact johnson has already announced this will be his final season in uniform certainly will push them to try and win it all for their retiring skipper. rizzo has done his part, assembling a roster without glaring holes and with the flexibility needed to overcome injuries and other unforeseen events. and he's managed to do it all before everyone closes up shop at a winter meetings where seemingly every other franchise is scrambling to fix itself. "this is what you strive for," rizzo said. "this is why we constructed the roster the way we did. it's always advantageous to have young, controllable players that are good. it was part of our strategy, and we're kind of reaping the benefits of it today by not being forced to do any kind of major overhaul." nope, the pieces are all in place. there will be a few tweaks between now and mid-february, but once this team takes the field for the first time, the roster will be set and the goal will be clear. world series or bust.
__label__non_math	0.9934	master of science doctor of philosophy graduate student information quick links to graduate student resources: welcome to the graduate student section of the department of natural resource sciences at washington state university. this department places a high priority on graduate education and offers a wide array of research topics. our graduate students come from many states and many countries around the world. you are encouraged to communicate with your fellow graduate students in order to benefit from their experiences. graduate students are a vital component of our department. you, as a graduate student, will become junior colleagues who gain experience in both the classroom and laboratory, increase the department's research capability, and most importantly, bring new dimensions to its work. the real strength of our graduate program is the close interaction between graduate students and faculty members. the faculty are dedicated to the students' professional development and lifetime friendships that span social and national boundaries. we invite you to join our team. this web site will provide you with some essential information to help you get your graduate student career at wsu off to a successful start. refer to this site throughout your academic studies in the department of natural resource sciences. it is noted, however, that this information is not all inclusive and students must refer to other publications from the office of the graduate school and washington state university for additional information. use the buttons at the top of this page or the menu to the left to learn more about the natural resource sciences graduate program. graduate student information financial support for graduate students is most commonly available in the form of either a teaching assistantship or research assistantship. if you have arrived at wsu without funding and wish to be considered for future funding opportunities, you should submit a written request to the graduate coordinator. teaching assistantships. if you have been awarded a ta position, you will have already received a letter stating the terms of that appointment. teaching assistantships are state-supported half time, nine-month positions available to students with strong academic records. graduate students on teaching assistantships work approximately hours per week in teaching laboratory sections, grading homework, or answering questions during office hours. teaching assistants may aid in courses that are in their sub-discipline areas. teaching assistantships normally cover only the nine-month academic year; graduate students on teaching assistantships should work closely with their mentor to identify a research project and to move toward a research assistantship which releases departmental funding so that new incoming graduate students can be supported. research assistantships. stipends are also available for graduate research assistantships, in which the work conducted is on an externally funded research project. research assistantships have been funded by external agencies such as the national science foundation or the environmental protection agency to name a few. if you have been awarded an ra position upon admission, you will have already received a letter with information regarding the terms of that appointment and the faculty member who has agreed to provide funding. graduate research assistantships are half-time appointments, and may, but not always, cover the summer months in addition to the academic year. in many cases, the results of the work are applied to the research assistant's thesis. hourly wage positions the selection process for awarding graduate teaching and research assistantships is highly competitive. for students who are not awarded research or teaching assistantships, hourly wage positions may be available to provide partial financial support through the department of natural resource sciences and the college of agriculture and home economics. work closely with both the graduate coordinator and your academic mentor to keep abreast of future funding opportunities. the department maintains a scholarship file and also posts information regarding job opportunities on the department bulletin boards and in room 130. talk with rod if you wish to pursue scholarships. for highly qualified applicants, graduate fellowships are available from such agencies as the national science foundation, the department of defense, and the environmental protection agency. graduate fellowships are highly competitive, but provide graduate students with a high degree of freedom to pursue creative research while in graduate school. graduate applicants should work with the faculty to apply for such fellowships. registration requirements based upon level of financial support level of financial support registration requirements half-time employment including all teaching and research assistants, plus any half-time hourly wage students minimum of credits. students using departmental facilities during the summer are required to enroll for at least three graduate credits. international student concerns international graduate students in the department of natural resource sciences often have special concerns which may affect their course of study, finances, and length of stay in the united states. international students will find the office of international students and scholars 108 bryan hall; 335- a valuable resource in answering questions of concern. some typical concerns of international graduate students are related to financial issues and these are described below. tuition. international students on research and teaching assistantships follow the same rules for payment of tuition as u.s. students. in other words, they can obtain a tuition waiver for up to one year, after which they must apply for a tuition waiver for the following year, although it is not guaranteed. if an international student is not supported on a teaching or research assistantship, they are required to pay out-of-state tuition. employment. washington state university stresses that international students who are not funded on research and teaching assistantships should have sufficient funds available on entering the graduate program to complete their course of study. international graduate students should not plan on part-time employment as a means of support through graduate school. if, however, a research or teaching assistantship becomes unavailable for an international student during their course of study and supplementary employment is necessary, the student and hourly employment office 141 french administration; 335- can aid in finding part-time work. employment is limited to hours or less for students enrolled in the graduate program. social security number. any international student employed by wsu or a private business must obtain a social security number. contact the social security administration in lewiston, idaho 800-772- . taxes. international students who are employed in the united states are taxed the same as residents but file using different forms. taxes are due on april . most graduate students will find filing fairly simple; information and forms are available at the u.s. post office in the cub. practical training. upon graduation, international students may remain in the united states for months to obtain practical training. to apply for this status, a letter written by the student's advisor to the u.s. immigration and naturalization service is required. the international students and scholars office can provide aid in applying for practical training. nrs graduate student directory the department of natural resource sciences is dedicated to a positive learning and working environment. we value and are sensitive to human diversity to the broadest sense, and promote a learning working climate that fosters understanding and respect for such diversity.
__label__non_math	0.9987	american caramels seasoned with grains of celtic sea salt for a gourmet sweet 'n' salty treat.size information contains approximately caramels per bag 8oz . brown sugar, organic tapioca syrup, cream, butter, sugar, concentrated whole milk, celtic sea salt, vanilla, salt. more ingredients information additional information from the manufacturer: plant is tree nut-free, peanut-free, wheat-free, egg-free and soy-free.gluten-free info: package states gluten free.kosher certification: feingold accepted - stage 1made in: write a review great and gf i really wanted to say that these are the best caramels i have every tasted. i have celiac and am very sensitive. i have been eating these for years with no adverse effects so they do not even have a drop of gluten in them. go ahead celiacs enjoy posted by: sheila boyle rovner chicago on have bought these for a long time now, and after being away from them for awhile, reordered and they are still awesome posted by: bonnie on good quality, touch too salty bequet does make the best caramels in the usa, so close to the belgium confections posted by: stevenson virginia on seal salt caramels also recommend putting in refrigerator, great cold. posted by: cheryl seratch on tasted these at a friend's house in kalispel. they are too, too good posted by: denise oklahoma city, ok on over the top the sea salt adds a new level to these wonderful soft caramels. you just can't get enough of them. posted by: mimi78660 texas on very tasty, smooth, buttery confections...the sea salt is just an added bonus, making these candies hard to resist posted by: amber phila on just as good as grandma's these are the best caramels. my grandmother always made homemade caramels at christmas when i was a kid. it was my favorite candy ever. these taste just like grandma's. i am in heaven posted by: shannon georgia on
__label__non_math	1.0000	unavailable catalog item. sorry, this catalog item is not accessible or currently out of stock. please search or navigate for it from the home page. if you arrived at this page via a link on some other site, please contact the site administrator and report the dead link. if you arrived at this page following selecting a bookmark favorites entry, then that bookmark has become obsolete. please discard your bookmark and browse or search the catalog to find the item you were looking for and update your bookmark. if you arrived at this page following entering the url in browser, then you may have mis-spelled one or more required arguments. to locate the catalog item you are looking for, please browse or search the catalog.
__label__non_math	0.9882	one possible risk factor for tuberculosis is diabetes, a condition characterized by high blood sugar levels and long-term complications involving the circulation, eyes and kidneys, and the body s ability to fight infection. active tuberculosis can be cured by taking a combination of several antibiotics every day for at least six months, and current control efforts ... pickled dills in plastic? turmeric is the key to freshness. who knew that a spice used from ancient times as a coloring agent in foods could also keep plastic-packaged dill pickles fresh? unlike glass containers, plastic jars or pouches breathe, allowing oxygen and other gases to seep inside over time. this can eventually lead to ... scientists have found that a modified whey protein prevents breast cancer in some laboratory rats. it s an important medical discovery, considering that 180,000 u.s. women develop breast cancer each year, and in women will develop breast cancer over her lifetime. breast cancer is a disease where a mutant cell in the breast forms ... a study by researchers at the university of southampton has shown evidence of increased levels of hyperactivity in young children consuming mixtures of some artificial food colours dyes and the preservative sodium benzoate. the possibility of food colours dyes and preservatives affecting children s behaviour has long been an unresolved question for parents. this significant new ... since the discovery of leptin in , many have hoped that the hormone would be a promising weight-loss treatment for humans. leptin acts as a signal to help the body decide when it has eaten enough food to feel full. the amount of leptin in the blood has been directly linked to body fat. the richest food sources of potassium are fruits and vegetables. people who eat large amounts of fruits and vegetables have a high potassium intake -grams day . national academies press; :173-246 . listed below are some food sources high in potassium from the usda national nutrient database. note the potassium content in bananas compared with tomato products. ... study shows substantial improvement in autism symptoms with early intervention treatment. intensive intervention given to toddlers with autism as young as three years old can significantly raise iq levels, potentially allowing them to benefit from mainstream education, new research has revealed. researchers at the university of southampton, led by professor bob remington of the school ... rheumatoid arthritis is a chronic inflammatory disease with three diet-associated aspects. one is elevated resting energy expenditure. another is elevated whole-body protein catabolism a destructive form of muscle metabolism that translates to muscle wasting. and yet another is low body cell mass, which leads to increased fat mass. for some people, the benefits of ... scientists at the university of southampton, funded by the uk s leading dementia research charity, the alzheimer s research trust, are a step closer to understanding why proteins such as amyloid clog-up the brain in alzheimer s disease. it has been widely reported that drugs that lower cholesterol may slow the progression of alzheimer s disease. the role of cholesterol in alzheimer s disease is attracting increasing attention from researchers and there are conflicting messages coming form a great deal of reports. despite the fact that wide-spread opinion about high levels of cholesterol still remains ... natural food may be one of the natural remedies for gout and arthritis pain relief. a study suggests that natural compounds in cherries may reduce painful arthritis inflammation. cherries already have a reputation for fighting inflammation. so what s new about the agricultural research service ars study carried out by ars scientists and their university colleagues. ... mindfulness based cognitive therapy mbct is a treatment program for prevention of relapses in depression and the treatment of anxiety disorders. is mbct an acceptable intervention to patients with depression and anxiety? the course exercises there was a wide range of views on the course exercises, in particular the body-scan and walking meditation. while some ... more fat in the diet decreases leptin levels while a diet higher in carbohydrates increases leptin levels according to a study. leptin, made by the body s fat cells, is thought to help contribute to satiety, a feeling of fullness. an upcoming study should help reveal how two kinds of sugars in our foods, glucose and fructose, affect the body s production of leptin and insulin. agricultural research service chemist nancy l. keim, peter j. havel and craig h. warden, a genetics and pediatrics researcher at u.c. davis, are collaborating in this leptin and insulin investigation. ... ars scientists and colleagues have isolated and characterized several polyphenolic polymer compounds from cinnamon bark that could one day become natural ingredients in products aimed at lowering blood sugar levels. the newly identified chemical structures were recently named in a patent application and described in the journal of agricultural and food chemistry. ars chemist richard ... several clinical studies have shown that plant stanol esters are effective agents that lower cholesterol. the ability to lower cholesterol with dietary plant stanol ester has been shown to be sustained for periods up to months, but how soon the full cholesterol lowering effect of plant stanol esters can be obtained, is still unclear. ...
__label__non_math	1.0000	spotter sheet pack help kids become wildlife experts and learn a thing or two yourself along the way :o autumn seeds and fruits minibeasts in the air idial minibeasts on the ground idial spots for spring walk to school week these sheets are ideal for national walk to school week, - may . turn your walk to school, or home, into a wildlife adventure email us your pictures and stories about what you've spotted on your journey to school to see them published on the website: sharing these resources? you must be or over to use facebook, please check other social networks' policies.
__label__non_math	0.9995	earth day was officially on april, but in many communities and countries around the world it s celebrated for the entire week or month. earth day was founded years ago by u.s. senator gaylord nelson of wisconsin. his goal was to create a grassroots movement that would show the government just how concerned americans were about the environment and get laws enacted that would enforce protection of the earth and its inhabitants us. by the end of that year, in december , the environmental protection agency opened its doors. a very good start. since that time, there have been many years when there has been little to celebrate. although there has been continual progress, including some milestones, there have also been pretty serious setbacks. for example, of the ,000 chemicals that have been produced and used in the u.s. since the toxic substances control act tsca was enacted years ago, only 200 have been tested by the epa, and only five have been regulated. but in the last year, the epa has undergone some equally serious reform. finally, the agency is really buckling down on toxic chemicals, both in the environment and in consumer goods. there is special attention on children, as it should be. children are most susceptible to toxic chemicals because their bodies are still growing. in the not too distant future, it is our children and grandchildren, the little ones asleep in their cribs right now, who will lead the way in politics, as teachers, as firefighters, artists, business owners and so on, and so on. to do their jobs well, to achieve their goals and have a satisfying, happy and productive life, they need to be healthy. at naturepedic, we celebrate earth day every day. we give children a healthy start in life by manufacturing our award-winning organic baby crib mattresses that are certified by greenguard and enjoy the unique distinction of being the only crib mattress recommended by healthy child healthy world. do you have a naturepedic mattress for your infant or toddler? if not, you might want to celebrate earth day week month by checking them out at you can also celebrate earth day by working on creating a personal environment that is more chemical-free. it really doesn t take much to get a good start. read going green in a few simple things with a big impact for some helpful hints that make a real difference. start now, and next year your family will also have even more to celebrate on earth day tags: award-winning organic baby crib mattress, baby crib mattresses, crib mattress, crib mattresses, earth day, environmental protection agency, epa, epa reform, going green, mattress for infant or toddley, naturepedic, organic baby crib mattress, toxic chemicals, toxic substances control act, tsca
__label__non_math	1.0000	welcome to our naxosdirect partner website. we re pleased to offer this service to you and hope you'll enjoy exploring the fine selections offered by naxos, inc. while we will feature music of upcoming okc phil concerts, your purchase of any recording through this site brings a commission to the okc philharmonic. explore this vast collection of music and treat yourself as you support the okc phil eddie walker, executive director
__label__non_math	0.9997	henze, hans werner hans werner henze was among the most prolific and successful of contemporary german composers. his systematic study of music only began after the war, with wolfgang fortner, and later with visits to darmstadt and absorption of serial technique, to be used with great originality in a musical language that was also influenced by stravinsky. in he moved to italy, and gradually developed his leaning towards the political new left, reflected in some of his music and choices of texts and themes. his festival activities at montepulciano and his involvement with the munich biennale, among other things, enabled him to exercise a strong influence on the course and promotion of contemporary music. in italy he had eventually settled in a villa near rome, where he lived with his partner fausto moroni, who helped him recover from a serious illness but died himself in , to be remembered in henze s elogium musicum, a work for chorus and orchestra. henze s immensely successful operas range from the kafka radio opera, with its trakl settings, der landarzt the country doctor to k nig hirsch king stag , the kleist prinz von homburg, elegy for young lovers, with a libretto by wh auden and chester kallmann, der junge lord the young lord , based on a tale by wilhelm hauff, the bassarids, with auden and kallmann, based on euripides, and we come to the river and the english cat, with texts by edward bond. der verratene meer treacherous oceans , based on yukio mishima s gogo no eiko, translated as the sailor who fell out of grace with the sea, had its premi re in , to be followed by venus and adonis, a fifteenth opera l upupa und der triumph der sohnesliebe the hoopoe and the triumph of filial love , an arabian fairy-tale, and, in , phaedra, a reworking of the tragedy of phaedra and her stepson hippolytus. henze also provided music for a series of ballets and incidental music for the cinema and the theatre. his work continued with the opera gisela an exceptionally wide range of orchestral music includes ten symphonies, with a seventh drawing on h lderlin and an eighth on shakespeare s a midsummer night s dream. henze has written concertos for piano, for violin and, for gary karr, a double bass concerto, as well as a double concerto for oboe and harp for heinz and ursula holliger. chamber instrumental music in addition to his string quartets henze has written music for a variety of ensembles, including sonatas for violin, for viola and for flute and piano. music for solo instruments includes the useful lucy escott variations for harpsichord, works for various solo instruments, for violin, double bass, cello, marimba and trumpet, as well as a set of pieces for solo guitar, these last include his two royal winter music, with movements based on characters from shakespeare. vocal choral music vocal and choral music by henze is equally varied and remarkable, with novae de infinito laudes new praises of the infinite with a text from giordano bruno, the virgilian muses of sicily and the controversial das floss der medusa the raft of the medusa , as well as the revolutionary el cimarr n the fugitive .
__label__non_math	1.0000	if you don t live in seattle or watch my youtube videos even though you should be you probably don t know that people have been acting a completely donkey out here from the murders, to the home break ins not to mention all the fights that have been breaking out at clubs. local artist juga hill decided to utilize his lyrical gift to get his voice and opinion out to his listeners, and hopefully shake some sense into them. i warn you now, the song is deep so please don t just let it go over your head. take a second, sit down, log off twitter, facebook or instagram, and actually listen to the words he s saying. check juga hill s music video for evil actions above
__label__non_math	0.8542	by josh cochran and joel steiner ncaa power : november 16th welcome to our first power of the season. we ll be back every monday with updated rankings and our weekly games to watch. our power worked in a few glorified exhibitions last week, but the competition heats up this week with several early season tournaments. it's an odd year for mid-major college basketball. for one, there's a dominant non-traditional team, and it's not memphis or gonzaga. in fact, the three best teams not in a power six conference this year are a bunch of newer names to the power structure of college basketball. at the same time, there just aren't as many good mid-major teams this season as in years past, and it could be a very good year for fringe power conference teams to make the ncaa tournament as a result.
__label__non_math	0.9124	schools are fighting daily battles. a recent san francisco article stated that education is under siege from both political camp. president obama and gov romney are both preaching that education needs to be fixed. this is a cry that has been generating intensity since the publication of a "a nation at risk" in . it suggested that if any other nation had done to us what we have done to the education of our children, we would declare war. on the 25th anniversary of the report strong american schools provided this analysis: "while the national conversation about education would never be the same, stunningly few of the commission recommendations actually have been enacted." content, standards and expectations, time, and teaching were areas of proposed change. each generates debate. for instance, there is a proposal to spend more time in schools. shouldn't we first ask, " how do we use the time that we have?" now nearly years after "a nation at risk", we seem no closer to mitigation. is there a direct relationship between a downturn in our economy and the vilification of public education? remember what the interest rates were in . i believe in school choice, competition and a reward system; however, i also believe in fairness. many schools have always been strong and don't deserve to be maligned, but some are weak and should be closed. when did we last shutdown a school or any other public institution because it had failed? success or failure should be blind to where a school is or what it looks like. the energy that will drive this change will not come from washington, but from the families of children who expect more than a national conversation.
__label__non_math	1.0000	posted: thursday, - updated: thursday, - baton rouge, la the louisiana department of transportation and development dotd announced today that applications are available for this year s louisiana safe routes to school program. the safe routes to school program aims to improve the health of kids and the community by making walking and bicycling to school safer, easier and more enjoyable. the program is completely federally funded requiring no organizational match. the program assesses the safety of school travel routes; makes changes to current conditions; educates students and drivers about safe travel; and encourages walking and biking to school. past projects include sidewalk and bike path construction, educational programs and installing flashing safety beacons. the program funds up to ,000 for non-infrastructure projects. for more information and to obtain an application, visit the safe routes to school web site by clicking here . interested organizations should submit an application to shalanda cole, safe routes to school coordinator, louisiana dotd, p.o. box , baton rouge, la . schools, local governments and non-profit organizations are encouraged to apply. the louisiana department of transportation and development dotd is committed to delivering transportation and public works systems that enhance the quality of life. in addition to more than ,600 miles of roadway, including over 890 miles of interstate, dotd supports the development of the state s aviation, marine and rail infrastructures. through this work, we are able to facilitate economic development, create job opportunities, improve vital evacuation routes, and make critical freight corridors safer and more efficient. for more information, please visit , email firstname.lastname , or call dotd s customer service center at 225 379- or -877-4ladotd -877-452- . business hours are a.m. - p.m., monday through friday. motorists can access up-to-date travel information by dialing 511 or by visiting . out-of-state travelers can call -888-road-511 -888-762- .
__label__non_math	0.9994	texas community absorbs inches of rain in a few hours posted: tuesday, - updated: tuesday, - nick valencia a community just outside of austin, texas, was pounded by about inches of rain over a few hours early tuesday, causing flash floods and leaving at least residences surrounded by water, a texas emergency management official told cnn. webberville, texas, near the western edge of bastrop county, received about inches of rain starting around a.m., according to mike fisher, the county's emergency management coordinator. "residents at the end of the subdivision are our concern right now, if anybody's home. so far we don't have any reports of injuries," fisher said. at midmorning, the water had not yet started receding, he added. at least four residences had been evacuated, but it was unclear how many people were affected by the flooding, he said. "it was a slow-moving thunderstorm that came through in that one particular little spot of webberville," fisher said. in late , bastrop county was the site of a vicious wildfire. the bastrop complex fire torched more than ,500 homes and ,000 acres of land as firefighters worked for weeks to contain it.
__label__non_math	1.0000	neighborhood fire stations could be getting quiet in san francisco -- as in less firefighters -- if a wage dispute isn't resolved soon, the fire department's chief warns. san francisco's million in salary, according to the san francisco examiner. but that hasn't happened yet, and must happen by july if fire stations aren't going to see reduced service, warned fire chief joanne hayes-white. "potential brownouts" -- where fire stations close entirely for periods of time -- could happen, she warned. stations on powell street, at turk and webster streets, and in the richmond and mission districts could close or reduce service, according to hayes-white. the labor discussions with the union are ongoing and could be resolved this week. if not, the san francisco board of supervisors will have to make a budget decision if fire services aren't to be reduced.
__label__non_math	0.9979	a scene from the annual filene's basement's bridal gown sale -- a.k.a. running of the brides -- in washington d.c. the average wedding gown costs . once you enter designer territory, the price tag can balloon to ten times that much - for starters. so it's no surprise that when the doors open at the infamous filene's basement bridal sale a.k.a. the "running of the brides" , women who've camped out overnight lunge for the racks like they're going after a desperately-needed kidney. but when you think about it, this is a garment you'll wear once, for a few hours at most. so it makes sense that in these worst and worsening of times, sites like and would emerge to create a niche: the online market for second-hand wedding gowns. a new york times article says that on these sites, brides can find discounts of to percent off retail on "high-end couture gowns" from the likes of monique lhuillier and jim hjelm and -- yes -- even the great oz of bridal design, vera wang. and once you've said your i dos, blissed out on your honeymoon, and written the last thank-you note, you can even submit your gown to the same site where you bought it and recoup a little cash.
__label__non_math	1.0000	photos and videosmore photos and videos the move represents an about face in policy after letters emerged that showed that the u.k. had decided against seeking payments so as not to disrupt oil deals with libya, according to reports. in a letter from last year, brown wrote that he did not consider it appropriate to negotiate with libya on payments, the new york daily news reported. dozens of civilians died in the 1980s and 1990s when ira terrorists used libya-supplied explosives for attacks in northern ireland. three american victims have received compensation since libya abandoned its support for terrorism, but 100 british victims have not received any money. libyan leader moammar gadhafi s son saif al-islam dismissed brown's latest comments. "anybody can knock at our door and ask for money. but you go to the court, we have lawyers," he told britain s sky news.
__label__non_math	0.9988	derek holland of the texas rangers throws against the oakland athletics at rangers ballpark in arlington on in arlington, texas. adrian beltre singled home the winning run in the ninth inning and the texas rangers rallied past oakland -on monday night to stretch their al west lead over the athletics to five games with nine to play. beltre, whose 35th homer tied the score in the seventh, grounded a sharp single through the middle of the infield off tyson ross - in the ninth, bringing home pinch-runner craig gentry to end the opener of a four-game series. the rangers got the inning started with consecutive singles by mitch moreland and ian kinsler before elvis andrus' sacrifice bunt. josh hamilton, who had already hit his major league-best 43rd homer after missing the previous five games with a cornea issue, was intentionally walked to load the bases for beltre. joe nathan - , the sixth rangers pitcher, struck out two in the ninth. that included a strikeout of seth smith as stephen drew was caught stealing to end the inning. it was the first of seven meetings in the last days of the regular season between the two-time defending american league champion rangers and a's, who have lost six of seven after winning of their previous games. oakland has a two-game lead over the idle los angeles angels for the second al wild card. beltre hit a two-run homer with two outs in the seventh to tie the game at , a shot that came with hamilton on base. a's rookie right-hander dan straily struck out eight and left with a -lead after -innings with hamilton due to bat and the bases empty. dean blevins walked hamilton, the only batter he faced, before pat neshek gave up the two-run drive to beltre. it was neshek who allowed raul ibanez's tying, two-run homer to cap a four-run 13th inning saturday by the al east-leading new york yankees, who then won on a two-out error in the 14th -- a game that ross also lost. hamilton hit a 441-foot solo homer in the fifth that landed in the second deck of seats high above the rangers' bullpen in right-center to get texas within -. josh donaldson and yoenis cespedes homered for oakland, and cliff pennington had an rbi single in the sixth. donaldson lined a two-run shot deep into the left-field seats in the second off derek holland. cespedes hit a two-out solo homer, his 21st, for a -lead an inning later. holland pitched only three innings, his shortest outing since may when the left-hander gave up eight runs over -innings in the rangers' -home loss to seattle. the rangers got an unearned run in the second when michael young was hit by a pitch before donaldson's error at third base. young scored on moreland's bloop single that ended a string of consecutive at-bats by the rangers with runners in scoring position without a hit. hamilton's homer was followed by consecutive doubles by beltre and nelson cruz that failed to produce a run. beltre was picked off second after wandering too far off the base on a pitch in the dirt that catcher derek norris quickly recovered. notes: cf coco crisp was out of the a's starting lineup for the sixth game in a row because of an infection in both eyes. manager bob melvin said crisp has seen three doctors but his condition hasn't improved much. ... holland is -in september starts the past two seasons. ... after giving up three consecutive extra-base hits in the fifth, straily retired the last six batters he faced.
__label__non_math	0.9990	photos and videosmore photos and videos eric clapton, who played in the concert for bangladesh all those years ago, is on the bill for the show at madison square garden wednesday night. the lineup for wednesday's show at madison square garden brims with superstars: paul mccartney, bruce springsteen, kanye west, the rolling stones and the who, among many others. but in one sense, the most significant performer on the packed bill is eric clapton. the guitar great formerly know as "god" offers a direct link to the concert for bangladesh the landmark show that forever tied rock and causes, giving an early taste of the power of musicians to raise money and awareness in times of major crisis. four decades later, the fundraiser for victims of hurricane sandy is poised to become the most-watched benefit yet, with a record billion viewers worldwide able to join the ,000 fans packing the garden, via television and the internet. when george harrison asked clapton, ringo starr, bob dylan and other pals to join him at the garden for two shows on , he couldn't have known what would come. getting the lineup together proved the easy part some funds were tied up for years. still, the concert served as both inspiration and cautionary tale for all that followed, most notably the epic bob geldof-organized live aid in , a cross-atlantic affair that included clapton. since then, we've come to expect benefit shows in times of trouble, from the concert for new york after to the hope for haiti now telethon, which followed the earthquake that devastated the caribbean nation. there s a danger with the proliferation of star-studded benefits that the events will start to run into one another in the collective memory or even worse, overshadow the cause. it s likely that live aid is better known by many for the led zeppelin reunion and the classic performance by queen not to mention clapton s rendition of layla , than for the reason geldof sprung into action: famine in ethiopia. contributing is a personal decision, but there's no excuse not to tune in. god er, clapton will be watching. hester is founding director of the award-winning, multi-media nycity news service at the city university of new york graduate school of journalism. he is the former city editor of the new york daily news, where he started as a reporter in . follow him on twitter.
__label__non_math	1.0000	aeg may be for sale, but its top officer convinced a los angeles city council committee on monday that he's here to stay. the panel approved plans for a downtown football stadium and sent it for a full council vote. still, the pending sale may postpone bringing a football team to the southland for at least another year. patrick healy reports from the downtown la for the nbc4 news at p.m. on . the massive downtown stadium and convention center project proposed by anschutz entertainment group should be approved even though the company is for sale, a city council committee decided monday. the proposal, part of an effort to bring nfl football back to los angeles, will go before the full council on friday. the action came after two top city officials insisted that aeg's potential sale would not pose a financial risk to the city. "i do not see the potential sale of aeg putting the city at any risk at all," chief legislative analyst gerry miller told the ad hoc committee on the downtown stadium and convention center renovation. at the meeting, aeg president tim leiweke apologized for taking many in the city by surprise with the announcement last week that the company was for sale. "let me apologize for the disturbance and the disruption of the process," leiweke said. "that's my fault. i'll take full blame for that." leiweke said aeg's denver-based founder and owner phil anschutz would not have been able to own the property throughout its life anyway, because he is getting older, and the agreements are designed to last for years. the company decided to announce the proposed sale now, he said, so that it would be on the record before the city council votes on whether or not to approve the stadium deal, rather than afterward. leiweke's comments came during the final meeting of a city committee considering the plan, which would involve an expansion and upgrade to the los angeles convention center as well as a stadium. he urged the city to approve the project despite the looming sale, promising that aeg's current management team would remain in place. at the meeting, leiweke faced questions about the sale of aeg and the future of the proposed stadium. city councilwoman jan perry, who chaired the meeting, asked how the city would be protected if the new owner did not have the cash to pay for aeg's promised contribution to the project. under the terms of the deal worked out so far, the sports and entertainment company was supposed to pay for percent of the multi-billion dollar cost of the proposed new stadium and surrounding development. perry expressed concern that the new owner might have to borrow too much money to finance the purchase, as frequently happens in corporate acquisitions. in that case, the city could be on the hook for costs that could reach into hundreds of millions of dollars. leiweke responded that anschutz would only sell to new owners who were committed to the company's agreement with the city. "mr. anschutz has made it clear that he is only interested in selling this asset if we can find the right owner," leiweke said. the company would make sure that the buyer is "capable, willing and passionate" about the deal. city administrative officer miguel santana said that under the deal as currently structured, the city would be protected from such an eventuality - as long as it has not yet issued bonds to pay for the project. the city is not obligated to move forward unless certain conditions are met, santana said. "we have to have a team and financing," he said. "until we issue the bonds, the marriage isn't consummated." the city is also protected against any effort by a new owner to build something that is different from the stadium, convention center expansion and other parts of the project that are covered by the deal with aeg, he said. "the new owner can't suddenly make this into a mall or decide he's going to make it into some kind of residential high-end housing," santana said. the project is a key part of an effort to bring the nfl back to los angeles. last week's announcement that aeg, owner of the staples center and la live complex, would be up for sale raised the question of whether new buyers would pursue the project. the announcement came during a week in which the city's planning commission unanimously recommended approval of the project's environmental impact report. aeg also owns the stanley cup champion la kings and la galaxy, of major league soccer, which plays at carson's home depot center, also owned and operated by aeg. the company has a stake in the nba's la lakers and other sports facilities and teams. naming rights for a downtown la stadium have already been sold to insurance company farmers, but la has yet to find a tenant for the stadium. mayor antonio villaraigosa, who said he knew about the possible sale prior to the announcement, said the sale would not derail plans to attract an nfl team. la has not had an nfl franchise since the mid-1990s after the departures of the rams and raiders. "i have worked with both phil anschutz and tim leiweke for years to bring a football team to los angeles. i speak to both of them on a regular basis, and i have known about this potential sale for some time," the mayor said in a statement tuesday. "i have the commitment from both of them that this won't affect plans for an nfl team to return to los angeles in the near future and so will not affect my support for moving ahead with farmers field." experts have said aeg might sell for as much as billion.
__label__non_math	0.9848	a dose of the experimental vaccine for the h1n1 flu virus is prepared at vanderbilt university medical center in nashville, tenn., tuesday, . a panel discussion on la county's pandemic plans is scheduled for wednesday, sept. . panel members: robert kim-farley, md, mph, director, communicable disease control and prevention for los angeles county public health ronald c. mason, cebs, principal, towers perrin, irvine connie moore, rn, bsn, ma, director, district nursing services, los angeles unified school district jeanne ringel, senior economist, rand corporation moderator: conan nolan, reporter, knbc news schedule: a.m., breakfast; a.m. panel discussion with q a location: national center for the preservation of democracy, 111 n. central avenue at first st. , los angeles, ca reservations: call 213.628. or visit this website.
__label__non_math	0.9997	in a rough economic time like this one, who couldn't use some extra cash? there's billions of dollars of unclaimed cash out there. welcome to the wonderful little secret called unclaimed property: it could be an old paycheck, stock note, or inheritance that s owed to you. when no one claims these valuables, they re eventually turned over to a state where they may languish for years. on dateline, we showed people who were happy to discover they had forgotten treasure. most states don t have the staff come out and find you. but if it s there, you can find it on your own. all you have to do is use the links above, or log onto unclaimed.org not unclaimed.com . just pick a state you or any member of your family has ever worked in or played in, type in the name, and within seconds you can find out if this is your lucky day. it is all absolutely free, and you should exercise caution in accepting any offers from paid finders. also note that unclaimed.org seems to be experiencing some technical difficulties, so you may have to check back at a later time. you can also use this link to be directed to the unclaimed property web sites of states, the district of columbia and puerto rico. and don t say it could never happen to me. some states have billions of dollars to give away. some people never dreamed there was money just waiting for them... that is, until the day dateline came knocking on their doors. and while finding the money is easy, some warnings: - never pay anyone to get your own money back. - there are companies that will call or send you a letter stating they've found money for you-- but they'll want to take a cut of your money... as much as or percent and there is absolutely no need for it. - every state has a free online database where you can check your name. nbcnews.com reprints
__label__non_math	0.9992	she is cunning - the black widow - deceitful, as she weaves her deadly web. only the sharpest eye could spot the fault, the clue, the dangling thread. though, if that thread were ever pulled, what a frightful unravelling might ensue.... los angeles. . march 18th. evening. the home: a comfortable tract house in the town of northridge. san fernando valley. the tv was on. there was a man on the couch in the living room. a door opened. the spider's sticky trap was sprung. 911operator: "--emergency operator 682." dianebates: "yes,there's a murder here 911operator:"okay ma'am, what happened?" dianebates:"i don't know the call was from the mother in law, back from a night at the movies. dianebates: "it's a gunshot diane bates was distraught. it was she who discovered joel shanbrom, sprawled on the couch. dead. 911operator: "got shot by a gun?" dianebates: "he's dead, i think detective brian mccartin: he was shot in the head three times. keith morrison: they weren't foolin' around. detective brian mccartin: no, whoever shot him, they wanted him dead. veteran lapd detective brian mccartin arrived to find a house ransacked. detective brian mccartin: at quick glance, it looks like it was a home invasion robbery. so that was the first thing going through our minds. home invasion? and then, another shocking discovery. there was a witness detective brian mccartin: as she gave him a bath, she heard some voices and some noise. and she heard what she thought sounded like someone confronting her husband. and then all of a sudden the shots rang out. and so, said jennifer, she scooped up jacob from the tub and rushed down the hall to hide in the master bedroom shower. detective brian mccartin: she said she heard some voices, and she heard people come upstairs. she thought multiple people. keith morrison: so, maybe these were the robbers? detective brian mccartin: she thought, "now they're going through the upstairs." and she heard drawers opening, noise banging, drawers falling onto the floor. and then all of a sudden-- she said the next thing she heard were the police knockin' on the bathroom door. so terrified was jennifer that cops had to slide their badges under the door to coax her out. her story supported what happened. a ransacking upstairs. a violent shooting downstairs. but then investigators learned something else that might also explain what happened... joel shanbrom was a police officer. detective brian mccartin: maybe it was job-related. that was an avenue we had to look at also. maybe he arrested somebody that was angry enough to do this to him. joel had been an officer for the la school district for five years. and one of it's most popular. officer russ orlando: joel and i just hit it off. and, he was like the brother i never had. russ orlando went through training with joel. they were close friends. officer russ orlando: i never saw joel upset. i never saw him have a harsh word. keith morrison: a gentle guy? officer russ orlando: very gentle, but firm and would take action when he needed to. joel's sister karen. karen shanbrom, sister: joey was the kind of guy that would light up a room. karen shanbrom: he didn't get upset. wasn't confrontational. and things would just roll off him like water off a duck's back. he was the baby of the shanbrom family's four kids. he served in the navy after high school. and then came back home and fell for a sweet, perky blond, named jennifer fisher. met her rollerskating. she was five years younger than he was. but it was love: her very first love. and though joel worried that she might someday want to sow her wild oats after all. jennifer seemed to know just what she wanted. she was just when they married. but eager to settle down. and life seemed to be just the way it was supposed to be. karen shanbrom: you know he had a home. he had a wife. he had a baby. he had a career that he liked. how sudden it was. whatever the cause targeted as a cop, or robbed and killed by chance... the end was ugly. karen shanbrom: i remember when my mother told me, somebody killed our joey. i felt like i had lost my right arm and my right leg. i felt like they were gone. i felt like i had body parts missing because part of me was gone. all night long, that first night, the cops combed the shanbrom's house. a visibly shaken jennifer was taken to the nearby police station to provide what information she could in the hope that it might lead to whoever executed her popular husband. detective brian mccartin:obviously, he's a police officer. we actually get more pressure from his agency and our agency. and-- but i'm still gonna put as much effort into that case as i would any case. but for the moment detective mccartin didn't have much to go on... except, perhaps, for a small discovery near joel's body: tiny pellets suggesting he was killed by a small gauge shotgun, normally used for sport hunting. a clue, possibly? and then, a few days later - it was at joel's funeral, of all places - a loose thread caught the detective's attention, like a spider web glinting in the sun. if he pulled that thread would it tell him who killed officer joel shanbrom...and why? the morning after, lapd detectives investigating the brutal murder of fellow officer joel shanbrom spent the entire night extracting clues from the chaos of the crime scene: detective brian mccartin: we believed maybe we were lookin' at a home invasion robbery, and that was from her story. "her" was jennifer shanbrom, joel's wife. she told police what she heard as she hid, terrified, in that upstairs bathroom. jennifer shanbrom:"well, at first i thought it was just the tv, but i think i heard joel say, 'i'm a cop' or 'i'm a police officer." detective: "then you heard a shot?" jennifer shanbrom: "i think i heard the next gun shot and it was at that point that i realized i'm dead meat." detective brian mccartin: she said she ran into the master bathroom in a panic because she thought she was gonna be the next victim of these robbers. it struck detectives as important that jennifer told them she heard her husband confront the killers downstairs... just before she heard the gunshots. so mccartin looked carefully at that scene down in the living room. and imagined what may have happened there the night before. detective brian mccartin: if you're confronted by people, intruders in your home, you're on the couch. you're gonna be up, tryin' to defend-- get ready-- you might have to just move or do something to-- you know, to fend off an attack. but here's where the evidence didn't seem to fit quite right. for one thing, said mccartin, a policeman at home, out of uniform, would never reveal he was a cop for fear of making a bad situation worse. and besides, if joel had been shot while confronting his attackers, there should have been blood spatter everywhere. but there wasn't. there was lots of blood, of course. but only on the couch. detective brian mccartin: in my opinion he was shot while he was sleepin' on the couch. he was on the couch the entire time. keith morrison: it was more, what? an execution-style killing? detective brian mccartin: that's what i believe, yes. there was something else about the place that bothered him, too. sure, it was ransacked.. but there was no rhyme or reason to it. why would the robbers turn the baby's bedroom upside down? what could they possibly have wanted in there? detective brian mccartin: we realized that-- it couldn't have been a home invasion robbery. jennifer must have been mistaken. maybe, up there in that bathroom shower stall, guarding a baby, terrified, she simply misinterpreted what was going on. after all, as detectives had long since learned... marksaffarick: there's a flow to crimes. there's a crime flow. everything makes sense. everything happens in a sequence, it happens in time, a time sequence, it happens in a chronology sequence. but you get crimes where-- that doesn't make sense. and that's where i can come in. mark saffarick is a former fbi special agent who consulted on the case. he's an expert on analyzing crime scenes, especially ones that appear... staged. marksaffarick: when you see a staged homicide, you start to recognize that-- there's just too much going on. it's just too much activity. like they really want you to believe that someone was in here stealing stuff and searching. but you don't have anything taken. keith morrison: no jewelry? marksaffarick: nothing's taken. keith morrison: no weapons, no money? marksaffarick: nothing. except the murder weapon. and that murder weapon, as revealed by the pellets, was a sport weapon, an unusual type of shotgun. detective brian mccartin: and-- so all these little bits and pieces together, we started to think. and that-- that doesn't sound right. detective brian mccartin: when i take on any murder, you start from the closest people to the victim. ninety-something percent of all murders are committed by friends, relatives or acquaintances of the victim. so, obviously the first one is the-- is the wife. though it had to be said: petite, pretty jennifer shanbrom, now a -year-old widow, was nobody's idea of a murderess. still. maybe she knew something - or someone - that she wasn't revealing? or... was afraid to reveal. detective brian mccartin: within that hours, we had our surveillance unit, we decided, let's tail jennifer, see where she's going, see who she's meeting. and - this was odd - and also a little unusual for a grieving widow: detective brian mccartin: she was every day-- almost every minute of the day was with matt. wherever she went, matt was with her. matt? who was matt? he was matthew fletcher, a family friend, who had gotten jennifer and joel involved in his financial services business. now he was apparently helping jennifer deal with her loss. joel's sister karen knew matt fletcher and had her own impression. karen shanbrom: he always knew what he was gonna do. and he was always, seemed so sure of himself. nothing was ever an issue, 'cause he just seemed to have an answer for everything. and he seemed to be everywhere with jennifer, including joel's funeral, where russ orlando gave one of the eulogies. officer russ orlando: cries "i love you, joel." dozens of police officers from all over california attended, including lapd detectives, who kept a close eye on jennifer. after the service, joel's friend russ orlando went to pay his respects. officer russ orlando: i walk up to limo. bend my head in. pay my respects. and she's crying. i turned around and walked away. finally coming to terms with her husband's death? later, russ encountered another observer who had a better view into the limo. officer russ orlando:she was sitting in the limo with matt fletcher. and she had put her hand on his knee and said, "thank god that's over with." and then the waterworks were off. could it be? was her public grief a facade? after the funeral, joel's family held a somber gathering... but jennifer, matt and her family, still under the watchful eye of a plainclothes policeman, had their own funeral reception. karen shanbrom: they all went back to this hotel, they did the same thing that we did. except for theirs was festive. keith morrison: festive? karen shanbrom: yeah. theirs was festive. i understand that they had champagne delivered. to have champagne delivered? it didn't make sense. even if jennifer wasn't actually celebrating the death of her husband and father of her three old son.. even if it was their version of a wake... why champagne? was she hiding some secret knowledge about the crime? did she know who pulled the trigger? or why? detective brian mccartin: probably more murders are committed between husbands and wives than anybody else. husband killin' the wife or vice-versa. it happens a lot. so it does. but this particular murder that detective brian mccartin was investigating didn't quite fit the profile. the victim, joel shanbrom, was thought to be happily married. and his wife jennifer, a bubbly young blond, hardly seemed the type to pull the trigger at point-blank range. yet, her story of what happened didn't quite fit what mccartin had seen in the house. and her behavior at the funeral.. a little too cozy with that family friend mathew fletcher. detective brian mccartin: there's something here. there's something not right. there's gotta be something else. like, for example, a motive for murder. mccartin dug into the shanbrom's financial records. and there he found a clue. detective brian mccartin: he wasn't making enough money for her. and as we learned, he at times had two or three additional jobs on top of his full-time job just to supplement their income and to keep his wife happy. the shanbrom's were deep in debt. joel's ,000 police salary wasn't coming close to cutting it, especially when it came to jennifer's lavish lifestyle. officer russ orlando:she spent money faster than he could make. karen shanbrom: jennifer wanted the biggest house. the top of the line model. the biggest house. keith morrison: had to be the biggest? karen shanbrom: had to be the biggest, had to be the best. whatever she had, it wasn't enough for her. in fact, less than two years after celebrating this christmas in their brand new home, the bank foreclosed. they were forced to move to a rental house. but downsizing and jennifer didn't seem to get along. officer russ orlando:she wanted more and more and more. and joel kept working harder and harder and harder. one of joel's three side jobs was moonlighting as a sales rep for a financial services company. detective brian mccartin: that's where the connection between matt, jennifer joel first started. ah yes, matt...matthew fletcher. the man who seemed to know everything and be everywhere, especially when it came to jennifer. detective brian mccartin: he worked for a financial advisor type company. and he convinced them to join the company that he was with. keith morrison: he was a pretty smooth guy, right? detective brian mccartin: he's like a conman televangelist. i mean, he's good in a crowd. he could sell you the brooklyn bridge. and he could also sell insurance; life insurance, which was part of his financial service business. in fact,soon after meeting joel, fletcher sold him 314,000 policy from police department. and there was insurance that joel didn't even know about. just weeks before he was killed, detectives discovered, joel's wife jennifer had secretly re-instated yet another policy which joel had earlier cancelled. this one totaled -thousand too. detective brian mccartin: the amount of insurance that the coverage had was-- was high for-- for his income. actually three policies that amounted to about .million. over a million bucks in coverage for a cop making ,000. but jennifer and joel had high hopes that their new business venture would soon justify all those numbers. detective brian mccartin: and so his goal was to work hard at this business, financial business, and eventually quit the department and go full-time. but in the months before the murder it was jennifer who seemed to be working full time with matt fletcher. and apparently it wasn't all business. karen shanbrom: i started to suspect that they were having an affair. keith morrison: just by the way they were behaving together? karen shanbrom: i don't even know how to put it into words. but you know when somebody's havin' sex and you know when they're not. there's just somethin' there. now under surveillance and possibly implicated in a murder, matt and jen maintained they were just "friends. but their pagers told a very different story. detective brian mccartin: they were sending codes back and forth to each other on their pager. "i love you. i miss you. i want you." and this was all within the first week of the murder. the more digging detectives did, the more joel's murder looked like an inside job. detective brian mccartin: jennifer-- what we learned from her father and from other friends is that she knew how to use a gun. she was a good shot. she actually bragged to people that she taught joel how to shoot a gun. she had her own gun. those pellets found at the crime scene, remember, came from a shotgun... a hunting weapon. jennifer knew how to use one, and matt fletcher, friends confirmed, owned a shotgun and was known to use it at a local skeet range. detective brian mccartin: it didn't take us long to be 100 percent sure it was them. it wasn't very long at all. it seemed like a solid case: an affair, a clear motive, the shotguns... certainly enough to file charges. so he eventually took the case to one of la's top deputy district attorneys: jeff jonas. jeff jonas, deputy district attorney: there's a lotta cases in l.a. county and there's-- there's x amount of manpower. i've done a lot of circumstantial cold cases. this was gonna take a lot of work. first of all, are you gonna take it and then are you gonna expend the manpower to try to put it together? keith morrison: did you hear the sound of the brakes coming on? not that deputy da jonas didn't like the case - he did - but he wasn't convinced the evidence was strong enough for a conviction. he told the detectives: keep digging. keith morrison: didn't have enough? i mean, good lord. you had them partying a couple of days after the murder, telling a story that didn't make any sense based on the murder scene. detective brian mccartin: that's true. keith morrison: you know, obviously having an affair. insurance policies that are too big. that isn't enough? detective brian mccartin: we don't have the murder weapon, we don't have any eye witnesses. we don't have any real physical evidence-- like dna or anything of that nature that would point to-- either one of them. it was-- it's a tough case. and so what first appeared to be a promising case instead joined the long depressing parade of unsolved crimes grinding slowly through the system. but there was nothing slow about jennifer shanbrom and her lover mathew fletcher. they moved quickly to cash in on all that insurance money. and before long began buying up the luxurious lifestyle jennifer always wanted. not enough evidence. too many questions. no smoking gun. a few weeks after joel shanbrom was shot to death in his own living room, the investigation into his murder seemed to stall. which made what happened next all the more infuriating for investigators to watch. joel's widow jennifer and her constant companion matt fletcher were not wasting any time cashing in. jeff jonas: immediately after the murder, the very first thing on matt fletcher's mind, is to file for everything in terms of insurance. detective brian mccartin: matt was spearheading the collection of all the insurance funds. he would, more or less, tell these insurance agents what to do and how to do it. and he was very pushy at trying to get-- the insurance paid as quickly as possible to her. sure enough, within months, jennifer's first insurance payout arrived. jeff jonas: the proceeds of that policy, are given to jennifer, she gives half of that to matt. the da's office requested a hold be put on the remaining insurance payouts. but in june, jennifer and matt, who until now maintained they were just "friends", still managed to fund a romantic rendezvous in mexico. karen shanbrom: she said that she and matt officially started dating. in june, that's when they started dating. he's killed march -- in june, she says, "we officially started dating." then just four short months later, they got engaged... jeff jonas: there's a picture of jennifer and matt together. she looks the happiest that i've ever seen in a picture, just the whole connotation of the sinister widow. ...or the black widow as jonas had taken to calling her. jeff jonas: interesting way to mourn the death of your beloved husband-- get engaged to the person that helped you perpetrate the murder and get a three-carat engagement diamond ring-- probably with the proceeds. then in hawaii, on valentine's day , a month before the first anniversary of her husband's death, widow shanbrom became mrs. mathew fletcher. keith morrison: what did that tell you? detective brian mccartin: it just bolstered our belief that, you know, they lied initially that they were having an affair, and-- that they were both in cahoots together in this murder. first the murder, now the marriage. and a lifestyle funded by a dead police officer's insurance money. while the happy couple was skating, joel's family was steaming. why wasn't something being done? detective brian mccartin: the father would write letters to the district attorney's office, trying to pressure them to look at it closer. "look at my son's case. you know, let's file it. let's go to trial. let's arrest the people that did this." karen shanbrom: my sister was calling. my brother was calling. poor jeff. he was getting calls, you know, from all of my family members. jonas was under pressure from both the family and a massive caseload. an orphan case like this? he could have, perhaps should have, reassigned it...down the ladder. but something told him not to. jeff jonas: i said, "you know what, i'll take this personally. but, you have to understand i've got three or four other murder cases backed up." by keeping the case for himself, jonas could at least ensure the investigation would remain on the district attorney's radar. but,filing charges? getting it to trial? that, he warned the family, would take a long time. jeff jonas: i said, we got a great investigator in brian mccartin. you just have to trust us. you know, there's no statute of limitations in a murder." for the next two years,detective mccartin quietly kept compiling the case, reviewing the evidence, interviewing dozens of people who knew joel, jennifer and matt. detective brian mccartin: i think it's persistence is-- is the key. you know, just don't give up. if you give up, the case'll never be cleared. and i have a lot of persistence. i never give up. mccartin also kept track of jennifer and matt, who were living in a secluded townhouse, but keeping a low profile... karen shanbrom: she always used the word "officially." we're officially a pager and a, and a p.o. box. we don't want anybody to know where we live, 'cause the intruders might come to try to find us. but the newlywed fletchers weren't shy about sporting around the neighborhood in their fancy cars, adorned with distinctive license plates. karen shanbrom: one of them said-- the acronym for "create wealth." and the other said, "quit workin'." and he had a motorcycle that had a-- a paint job on the gas tank and on the side with bills. all they ever talked about was money. all that mattered was money. and now, as the second anniversary of joel's murder approached, it seemed like jennifer and matt had indeed committed the perfect crime. karen shanbrom: my father would call me all the time. when are they gonna get arrested? what's going on? why, you know, why haven't they been arrested yet?" i do remember thinking, "what if? what if they get away with it?" mccartin and jonas needed something to put the black widow case over the top. but what about this? instead of targeting matt and jennifer, wasn't there another person in the house that night? why yes, there was. there's a hard truth at the heart of the justice system. decisions have to be practical. no solid evidence can mean acquittal. so circumstantial cases often go cold, no arrest, no trial... no justice. but as murdered police officer joel shanbrom's widow jennifer and her new husband, matt fletcher, flashed their new wealth, an improbable determination kept the investigation alive. karen shanbrom: i don't remember ever losing hope. i do remember brian mccarten from robbery homicide saying, "we will never close this case. we will keep it open until we solve it." detective brian mccartin: we'll find out who did this, we ll arrest 'em. we'll convict 'em. keith morrison: you really believe that yourself at the time? detective brian mccartin: i did. i did. an opinion detective mccartin shared with deputy da jeff jonas. detective brian mccartin: and we would periodically meet and discuss the case. and i-- i remember tellin' him, i said, "jeff, we-- we're probably not gonna get much more than this. i mean, this is it. let's let a jury decide." but not just any jury. how about an investigative grand jury? a kind of a legal dry run, to test the case. detective brian mccartin:where you can bring in your witnesses, lock them into statements; and there's no defense attorney there to cross them. and then, let's see, really, how much and what we have; and what would an independent body, like a grand jury, decide or think of everything we have. jeff jonas: i wanted to get diane bates under oath, on the witness stand. diane bates...remember her? jennifer's mother. she's the one who apparently stumbled into the crime scene and then called 911. jonas and mccartin had long suspected bates knew a lot more than she was saying about that horrendous night. for one thing: jeff jonas: she could never account for at least to minutes from the time that we were able to figure that she got home until the time that she made the 911 call. did she know more than she let on? all along she had supported jennifer's alibi... about hiding in the bathroom during the shooting... and had backed up matt fletcher's contention that he wasn't anywhere near at the time of the murder. but diane bate's story had changed - frequently. and even in this interview with police she had been erratic and inconsistent. diane bates: "my first reaction was that he killed himself.""so i said, there's been a murder... or there's been a shooting or something." jonas was convinced that bates was the key to implicating not only jennifer but also matt, who, the da believed was at the crime scene... either during or right after the murder. jeff jonas: when she phoned 911, she knew what had occurred and she was covering for both matt and jennifer. and she was gonna cover for-- for jennifer for the rest of her life. dianebates: "it all happened so fast maybe under questioning bates would slip up...and give the prosecution something to work with. but.. to get jennifer's mother even to tell her side of the story jonas had to grant bates immunity. she would never be charged with any part of her son-in-law's murder. bates took the bait. for three days, under the grand jury's grilling, she refused to implicate matt or jennifer...but to members of the jury, her testimony seemed ...evasive. jeff jonas: the grand jury has a right to ask questions at the conclusion of your presentation. one of the first questions was, "diane bates, do you always lie or just in front of the grand jury?" then jonas took the grand jury through the couple's affair, their financial motive, the apparently staged crime scene. keith morrison: what did that grand jury think? detective brian mccartin: oh, they believed we had enough. that was enough to go forward and indict. but ... not yet. jonas was committed to this now, but his higher-ups wanted more evidence. and who could blame them? la juries, after all, have become famous for granting acquittals in cases prosecutors believed were solid. and so now, and for the next two years, jonas and detective brian mccartin worked out the details, in an effort to make their case jury proof. detective brian mccartin: well, you go over everything numerous times. there's gotta be something else. and-- then i'd find this, then i'd find that. add it to my list. but all the while, mathew and jennifer fletcher were apparently oblivious. or at least - by all accounts - unworried. by now they were living in a posh gated community, raising joel's son jacob and their own newborn daughter. just the lifestyle jennifer always wanted. jeff jonas: she wanted to be a millionaire, as did-- matt fletcher. and when she saw matt fletcher, who is the great deceiver; the great manipulator-- and she just bought in hook, line and sinker. but then, it was february , nearly four years after joel shanbrom's murder. still no smoking gun. the evidence they had was apparently all they were going to get. was it a gamble? jonas spoke to his detective. time to strike. detective mccartin tracked down matt fletcher driving his new mercedes and arrested him. detective brian mccartin: he believed that he was beyond-- the reach of the police-- that he was untouchable. he was laughing at what we were doing. the next morning jennifer turned herself in. she was eight months pregnant. matt and jennifer would finally have their day in court. but even after an exhaustive four year investigation the case was still totally circumstantial. no weapon. no dna. no eyewitnesses. detective brian mccartin: it's a crap shoot. you know, in my opinion, i believe we have more than enough to convict. whether the jury is gonna believe that...i have no idea. and the prosecution would also have to prepare for a big surprise in the courtroom: a smooth talking opponent who knew the case even better than they did... mathew fletcher. here it was: the case that almost didn't make it to court... a case that looked for all the world like a black widow's perfect crime, finally in front of a judge and jury. prosecutor jeff jonas was ready to unravel that complicated web of a case. but now found himself facing an unlikely and utterly unexpected opponent. defending mathew fletcher would be none other than... matthew fletcher mathew fletcher: this trial is about a senseless murder, with no eyewitnesses, no weapon, no physical evidence to link myself or jennifer to this crime. our involvement is only in the prosecutor's mind. a made for television imagination. jeff jonas: matt had this very, very, very inflated opinion of his intellect, of his ability and of his persuasive-- talents. keith morrison: he thought he was the smartest guy in the room. jeff jonas: oh, my word. we were all stupid. jennifer's road to court was more complicated. she had her baby in jail, while she awaited trial. all three of her children now lived with jennifer's sister. to help her to face the charge of murder, she hired an experienced trial attorney named barry bernstein. barrybernstein: we've heard nothing. not one thing material from these people, except speculation there was an affair, conjecture there was an affair and changing stories based on gossip. it was, as one reporter called it, a "circus," from the moment matt and jennifer entered the courtroom. detective brian mccartin: they-- were as though they were on a picnic together. they were obviously in separate cells, but once they came together at the-- counsel table, they would joke and talk as though, "this is nothing. we're just here, you know, and we're having lunch; and then we'll be on our way soon". it's like they didn't realize the gravity of what they were-- where they were and what they were facing. ...which was murder in the first degree and several counts of conspiracy and insurance fraud. for good measure, jonas also charged matt with one more crime: bigamy. it turned out he failed to divorce his current wife before he married jennifer jeff jonas: people in my office are sort of s-- lookin' at me, like, "well, are you nuts? you got a murder case and you're filing a bigamy?" i said, "i'm showing what kind of a person this guy is." for over four months in court jonas presented an exhaustive case unraveling matt and jennifer's affair, the murder, cover-up and insurance conspiracy. jeff jonas in court: so that we don't forget throughout the testimony holds up pictures . that's what this case is about. there's no question it's a murder. no question that it was an execution. when it happened on that dreadful night in northridge, jonas told the jury, joel was asleep on the couch. it was jennifer, he said, who - with her three-year-old in the house - sneaked up from behind her husband and fired the first shot. then, a second, but neither one was immediately fatal. keith morrison: was there a third shot? jeff jonas: my belief is, that jennifer panicked after the second shot. and then matt finished it off and left. keith morrison: why do you think it was jennifer who shot the first two times? jeff jonas: because she despised her husband, and-- intended to marry matt fletcher, and had fallen in love with him, and was willing to do anything-- and he probably-- had some-- some influence in doing that. jonas argued that diane bates, arrived unexpectedly either during or right after the shooting. then the cover-up began: the bogus ransacking of the house, matt's escape with the murder weapon, and eventually the --call. a theory which, said matthew fletcher, simply missed both the real murderers and their blatantly obvious motive: to rob the house and if necessary kill anybody who got in their way. matt fletcher in court:"the people that came there did not come there with the deliberate intent on killing joel shanbrom or any occupants of the house." and fletcher, it turned out, was a decent courtroom debater. he presented alibi witnesses, though they couldn't, in the end, account for his whereabouts right at the time of the murder. still fletcher insisted the state had it all wrong. joel shanbrom, he told the jury, was the victim of a home invasion robbery gone wrong. matt fletcher in court:"they didn't expect joel to be there. they didn't expect a police officer to be there. and upon confronting them and identifying himself as a police officer that cost him his life." matt was smooth. he seemed persuasive. and as the end approached, the outcome was, at best, uncertain. detective brian mccartin: i couldn't read the jury. they were all sharp. they stayed awake. some juries fall asleep. i had no idea what they were gonna do. nor did jonas, and with closing arguments nearly complete, he felt he needed something else to sway the jury. one night just before his final rebuttal, jonas took a last look at the crime scene photos, including the bathroom where jennifer was hiding with her son. and there it was jeff jonas: and sitting in the shower stall is this water bol-- bottle, the light bulb goes on, i said, "wait a minute. whoever keeps a water bottle in the shower?" jeff jonas in court:does that bother you? you always take a shower with a water bottle? it's half-drunk. she had time to get a water bottle but not time to get a gun or a phone? jeff jonas: that means this whole thing was planned. she's got a boy in one arm, and she's running, running down the hall. she says, "you know what? i might be in there for an hour and a half, i'm gonna grab a water bottle and take it in there, because we're gonna need a drink." the trial had stretched from march to july. now, it was up to the jury. was joel shanbrom killed in a home invasion robbery? or had matt and jennifer committed cold blooded, premeditated murder for insurance money? karen shanbrom: the jury went out. and they went out. and they stayed out, and they stayed out, and they stayed out. oh-- god. it was hellacious. it was brutally, brutally hellacious. detective brian mccartin: i've never been that apprehensive about anything-- worried about what the outcome was gonna be. jeff jonas: i do not allow myself to believe that a jury is gonna let a killer go. i can't-- i can't buy into that or i'd probably have-- a nervous breakdown. then finally after days...a verdict. in a packed courtroom, thick with tension, matt and jennifer seemed surprisingly relaxed - even confident. detective brian mccartin: happy, jovial. "i'm going home today." this is all-- people were there. actually, her family was sitting in the audience with gifts to give them when they were acquitted. court clerk reads verdict: "we the jury in the above entitled action find the defendant jennifer fletcher guilty of the crime of murder." the web had come undone, and it showed. matthew and jennifer fletcher were found guilty on all counts of murder, conspriacy, lying in wait, insurance fraud. everything. and for matt, a 7th count: guilty of bigamy. karen shanbrom:"i don't think we can say anybody's happy today because joey's not back, but now we know that the people who did this terrible thing, who have ruined so many lives, now, god willing will not see the light of day except through, through bars." detective brian mccartin: i was very happy. it felt good to finally be done with the case and put two murderers away. they were done. they were gone. jeff jonas: there's a euphoria, you would think. but, by and large, it's a huge void. and the reason is because you can't really celebrate a death. and you can't really celebrate a murder. you're thankful that it's over. you're grateful that the jury did the right thing. months later, matt and jennifer were formally sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. the black widow and her mate would spin their poison web no more. karen shanbrom: those two people are serving the rest of their life in prison because they decided that it was okay to play god and to kill my brother. justice, standing tall and being blind, wasn't gonna let that happen. the system works, and justice does prevail. nbcnews.com reprints
__label__non_math	0.9992	israel - here in israel, dov moran is considered a genius. if you look at you keychain and havea usb hard disk hanging from it, moran is the one who invented it. he wasthe founder of m-systems that invented the usb flash drive. his company wassold to sandisk at the end of for .billion. on wednesday, moran introduced his latest gadget, the smartype, a new computerkeyboard that he hopes will change our life in a simple but clever way. one hundred and fifty years have passed since the first keyboard was introduced, and not much haschanged since. "i invented smartype since i had my own problem typing," moran told reporters. "when i typed, i found myself looking constantly back and forthfrom the keyboard to the computer screen, checking the spelling and typinglanguage". so moran invented a keyboard that has a built in screen thatdisplays and represents the last line typed, making it possible to keep youreyes looking only at the keyboard. simple and one of those "why didn t ithink of that?" ideas. moran represents a lot of why israel is called the start-up nation." hefaced huge success, as well as a close encounter with failure. in , moran invented modu, the first israeli mobile phone company. the concept was to builda tiny and simple phone but at the age of the iphone no one bothered with smalland simple and in the company ceased to exist. i failed with modu moransaid. "but you need to fall and bounce back and continue on." about 100 million keyboards are sold each year worldwide, and moran toldreporters he "will be happy with percent of that." later this year, u.s. consumers will have the choice to purchase moran s new smartype keyboard for . not only does it have a nice sleekdesign, but it also comes with a set of applications that can display theweather, time and last email.
__label__non_math	0.9999	then, in an unannounced move, after banhart and crew had cleared the stage, out of nowhere elvis costello appeared on stage and played a three-song set: pump it up, radio radio and what s so funny bout peace love and understanding. somehow, the twitter servers didn t melt as nearly ,000 thumbs jabbed the news to the twitterverse. as the strokes set ended, frontman julian casablancas threw out the line, "wouldn't it be great if elvis costello sang with us? the crowd roared its approval, only to be met with casablancas retort april fools it was a busy friday for costello, who d already surprised one crowd that night when he showed up at irving plaza s gig by the secret sisters watch that here . he also managed to squeeze in a show he was actually scheduled for: his own concert, which took place at gramercy theatre.
__label__non_math	1.0000	alex meraz and taylor lautner are members of the same pack in the first two "twilight" flicks. there's some bad blood in "the twilight saga" wolf pack. "sorry taylor but the movie 'valentines day' looks lame and desperate it cries out'look we have all the biggest starz in 1movie pleez watch and he didn't stop there. "p.s. it has nothing to do with the talented actors in the movie i just don't like the producer directors 'get rich quick skeem' nuff said," he continued. but hours later, he seemed a little apologetic. "talk about biting the hand that feeds me..but i'm a wolf for crying out loud related content from accesshollywood.com: view the photos: 'twilight' heartthrob: taylor lautner play it now: golden globes: on the red carpet with taylor lautner play it now: 'new moon's' alex meraz: 'i can't keep my clothes on'
__label__non_math	0.9999	woody allen and darius khondji were sighted in rome filming allen's newest endeavor, "bop decameron." see more top entertainment photos. photos and videos "midnight in paris" owen wilson stars in woody allen's latest, as a struggling novelist who vacations in the city of lights with his fiancee, played by rachel mcadams, and her family, only to fall for the charms of the city and, more specifically, a beautiful fashion student played by marion cotillard. opens may . with "midnight in paris" about to expand into more markets as it builds on its standing as woody allen's greatest box-office success, the writer-director is busy finishing his follow-up and is in talks to start work on yet another film. allen is still in rome shooting "the bop decameron," but is already negotiating with bavaria studios to shoot his next, as yet untitled film, in munich, according to the hollywood reporter. the budget is said to be in the neighborhood of million, with shooting to begin next summer. as is his custom, allen is keeping all artistic details under wraps. "midnight in paris," allen's best film in some years, has now made more then million. though to be fair, when you adjust the numbers for inflation, "midnight" has made less than half of 's "annie hall." "bop," reportedly a modern take on giovanni boccaccio's "the decameron," stars allen, ellen page, alec baldwin, roberto benigni, penelope cruz, judy davis, jesse eisenberg, greta gerwig and alison pill, in a series of vignettes set in rome.
__label__non_math	0.9992	the battle lines are already forming in los angeles for the upcoming election. the june primary? nope. the november general election? wrong again. then, what election? how about the municipal elections next march. and therein lies the quiet, yet compelling crisis of voter burnout, fueled in part by never-ending elections. more than ever, elections and their accompanying campaigns seek our attention virtually ear-round. that's because municipalities, school districts, and special districts often hold plebiscites at times other than the traditional june primaries and november general elections set aside for state and federal contests. not content with either of those dates, los angeles has its primary for mayor, the other citywide offices, and half the city council next march , followed by the general election on may 21st. it's even more absurd in san francisco, where the city attorney and treasurer will be elected in november , while the mayor, district attorney. and sheriff will be elected in november . meanwhile, half of the board of supervisors will be selected this coming november, with the other half in november . school districts are particularly adept at organizing elections at times when absolutely nothing else is on the ballot. more waste of government funds and people's time. not all local elections are organized as "stand alone" events. sacramento, san jose and san diego all fold their contests into the traditional june november even-year format used for state and federal offices. still there are enough elections outside the traditional framework to keep campaign consultants working every day while the voters spin in confusion over which issues and candidacies deserve their attention. defenders of "stand alone" elections claim that they allow the voters to focus only on their contests while isolating the event from state and federal issues that could influence the minds of the voters. maybe so, but that isolation comes at a great cost. to begin with, turnout for stand alone elections tends to be much lower than when races are bunched together. that's because there is not as much reason for voters to participate; there isn't as much at stake. in addition, the local governments must pick up the tab when their elections are held at times other than the state and federal dates. whether it's a few hundred thousand dollars in a small town or school district or tens of millions in a large city, that's money that the governing unit could better use elsewhere. but most of all, there is the question of voter fatigue. with one election blending into the next, there is little time for the voter to think about anything else but elections. that kind of environment can turn off anyone to the thought of political participation. in an era of information overload, the last thing we need is to feel besieged by never-ending campaigns. instead, we should make it easier on the voters by bundling campaigns together at regularly scheduled intervals. it may not improve the quality of candidates or solve major budget issues, but at least we'll have some peaceful moments to reflect on what we want. larry gerston is professor of political science at san jose state university and serves as political analyst at nbc bay area.
__label__non_math	1.0000	photos and videosmore photos and videos talk show host oprah winfrey smiles as she talks to reporters before for the chicago premier of "the color purple" thursday, . ap photo charles rex arbogast what do julia roberts, goldie hawn, forest whitaker and mariel hemingway have in common? they're all big name stars who'll be producing films for oprah winfrey's forthcoming own cable network, according to the new york daily news. the oprah winfrey network, set to launch in , will benefit from a series of projects created by those stars and others as part of own's monthly "documentary film club." "all of these documentaries fundamentally explore human interaction, relationships and emotions," lisa erspamer, chief creative officer of own, said in a statement. "we're excited to provide viewers with new perspectives and new ways of looking at core themes that shape and affect their lives." roberts, who is about to star in the big-screen adaptation of elizabeth gilbert's "eat pray love," will produce "extraordinary moms," which will focus on mothers around the world who fight to create a better world for their children. whitaker's contribution will look at louisiana's infamous angola prison to follow the men who work in the hospice wing. another star, gabriel byrne, will consider homelessness in nashville in "tent city." in addition to the documentaries, the network will feature a show in which oprah conducts in-depth interviews, a possible reality show created by "survivor" producer mark burnett and potentially a vehicle for the duchess of york, sarah ferguson.
__label__non_math	1.0000	photos and videosmore photos and videos golden-voiced ted williams will star in his own reality show, his rep confirmed to news outlets on tuesday. "second chances at life" will begin shooting in brooklyn, ohio and los angeles in two weeks and chronicle the former homeless ohio man s rapid rise to fame, williams rep told the new york daily news and tmz. the show, which will air on an unnamed network, will cover how the former radio announcer descended into homelessness and chart his efforts to repair his career and personal life, tmz reported. williams became a household name last month after a video on the website of the columbus dispatch featuring his pitch-perfect radio voice went viral. according to the dispatch, williams is now in a los angeles clean-living recovery house after having bailed on treatment for drug and alcohol abuse at a texas rehab facility recommended by dr. phil mcgraw. "i love dr. phil. i don't want to bash him in any way," williams told e
__label__non_math	0.9994	a ramona family claims caltrans is trying to silence their concerns about safety, by making them pay a ,000 legal bill. alexandria drake was killed in a head-on crash three years ago, on state route , a windy highway connecting lakeside and ramona. her mother, pamela mckeirnan, will never forget that terrible day. alex, as pamela still calls her, was killed instantly, when an on-coming car crossed the divider, and hit alex's car head-on. alex s infant son was in the backseat, and survived. today, pamela told nbc , i willingly would have died to take her place, so she could have raised my grandson. alex s family sued caltrans. during the trial, their lawyer told jurors that caltrans knew the high was dangerous, and had consistently declined to make improvements that would reduce accidents and protect public safety. the attorney, brett j. schreiber, told jurors that caltrans own statistics reveal that sr has a fatality rate that s twice the state-wide average. but the jury sided with caltrans. now, caltrans wants pamela and her family to pay ,802 in court costs. pamela claims the state agency is punishing her filing a lawsuit that she hoped would force caltrans to improve that dangerous roadway. it was never about the money, pamela told nbc . that would have been like blood money for us. that would have put a price on our child's life, and there is no price to put on our child's life." caltrans says it represents all state taxpayers, and that attempting to collect court costs is in best interests of the state of california." the agency says its collect legal costs in this case is "standard procedure" in civil litigation. caltrans says it actually spent more than in legal fees on the case, so it s only collecting a portion of what taxpayers paid to defend against the lawsuit.
__label__non_math	0.9999	rollover to zoom battlestar galactica six poster the science fiction tv series, battlestar galactica has been re-re-imagined, starring a beautiful model that is one of seven versions of herself. pictured here is six. six is a seductive, statuesque cylon infiltrator. if you know that you re already a fan. round out your sci-fi collection with this battlestar galactica six poster. - additional details - dimensions: x inches - includes: hard plastic sleeve with hanging hook - poster ships in hard plastic sleeve; comes with a hanging hook for quick and easy display. customers who bought this item also bought.
__label__non_math	1.0000	cast your vote in nahbstar competition by dec. online voting is now underway for nahbstar, the talent contest that will determine who will sing the national anthem at the grand opening ceremonies at ibs on jan. . open to nahb members and their immediate family, "amateur status contestants have entered the american idol -style competition and submitted videos of their live performances of the "star spangled banner. contestants vying to become the first nahbstar include a former disney cast member, a wedding singer and a verteran of the stage. the videos are posted on the ibs web site for online voting that will trim the field of contestants to the top three. online voting closes at p.m. est friday, dec. . the three finalists will perform before a panel of judges on jan. in las vegas, where the contest's winner, first runner-up and second runner-up will be chosen. to vote for an nahbstar to vote for an nahbstar contenstant, click here.
__label__non_math	0.9997	a jury in hawaii has ruled in favor of the ncaa and its ability to license postseason football bowl games. the state court jury in honolulu determined monday the ncaa did not interfere with an alleged arrangement to sell the seattle bowl in . the bowl s former owner, aloha bowl inc., sued the ncaa, alleging that its process of setting standards for postseason bowl football games harmed the ability of the bowl to be successful or be sold. we are pleased the jury saw through the plaintiff s efforts to hold the ncaa accountable for its own business failures, said donald remy, ncaa general counsel and vice president for legal affairs. after seven years of litigating this matter, this is the right result. remy said the ncaa rebuffed the plaintiff s litigation in federal court, where antitrust claims were dismissed; in bankruptcy court, where the plaintiff sought to stall the ncaa s efforts to end the case; and in hawaii state court, where the ncaa prevailed on all counts. this case is an example of plaintiffs and lawyers filing questionable claims against the ncaa with hopes of a future payout, remy said. we will vigorously defend the ncaa s efforts to act in the best interest of student-athletes and the collegiate model of sports, as we did in this case, he added. the jury found that saying no to the seattle bowl was the right thing. we look forward to moving on from this case and continuing to assist the postseason bowl system so it can operate ethically and appropriately. the ncaa was represented by gregory curtner of miller, canfield, paddock stone plc and william mccorriston and kenneth mansfield of mccorriston miller mukai mackinnon llp. the ncaa does not run postseason football bowl games in division i but licenses them to ensure they meet a variety of requirements to ultimately provide a meaningful experience for student-athletes and institutions. these criteria relate to attendance, conference commitments, revenue and other details. for background on the association s role in postseason football bowl licensing, visit the ncaa football media center. - kiffin eager to put past problems to rest - frazier, wuerffel to meet again in hall of fame - spring is crucial for new pac-coaches - manziel taking smart approach to doing things he likes - michigan's hoke says irish 'chickening out' - auburn confident it can make athletic fixes - fulmer helping restart program at etsu - fcs championship inside access part - north dakota state earns second fcs title - advantageous bison ground out victory - kennesaw state names bohannon first head coach - ejections for hits on defenseless players? - delta state reintroduces fear the okra - cfb: valdosta st. captures dii national title - valdosta st. dominates in dii title win - valdosta st. overcomes rough start to win dii title - dii unveils football television schedule - harlon hill trophy namesake dies at
__label__non_math	0.9996	for immediate release friday, gene cross, director ncda cs plant industry division brian haines, pio n.c. division of forest resources north carolina creates exterior quarantine to prevent thousand cankers disease in tennessee raleigh in response to the detection of thousand cankers disease in tennessee, the n.c. department of agriculture and consumer services has executed an exterior quarantine in order to prevent the movement of this disease and the walnut twig beetle into north carolina. thousand cankers disease is caused by a pathogen that is transmitted by the walnut twig beetle and is most frequently associated with black walnut trees. the detection of this disease in tennessee greatly increases the risk the disease will move into north carolina, said agriculture commissioner steve troxler. the quarantine prohibits the movement of plant material and other high-risk materials from counties where the disease has been detected in order to protect the black walnut species in our state. the n.c. department of environment and natural resources division of forest resources, ncda cs and federal partners will be working to implement comprehensive field surveys for this pest. these surveys will take place in high-priority counties adjacent to the tennessee infestations. survey crews will be searching for symptoms of the disease on trees, along with collecting and analyzing suspect samples. the detection of thousand cankers disease in tennessee is the first discovery of this pest east of the mississippi river. since its initial detection in knox county, tenn., officials have confirmed an infestation in blount county, which borders swain county, n.c., along with infestations in anderson and union counties, tenn. the exterior quarantine issued by ncda cs prohibits the movement of identified high-risk materials from areas currently known or found to harbor the walnut twig beetle or the fungal pathogen. typical materials include firewood of any hardwood species; plant and plant parts of the genus juglans such as walnut trees, including nursery stock, budwood, scionwood or green lumber; and other material living, dead, cut or fallen, including logs, stumps, roots, branches and composted and un-composted chips; or other articles known to present a risk of spread. presently, the entire states of arizona, california, colorado, idaho, new mexico, oregon, tennessee, utah and washington have been confirmed as areas known to be infected by the pathogen and are included in the exterior quarantine. exemptions to quarantine are nuts, nut meats, hulls, processed lumber 100 percent bark-free, kiln-dried with square edges and finished wood products without bark, such as walnut furniture, instruments and gun stocks. landowners and homeowners in north carolina are also strongly encouraged to watch for signs of the thousand cankers disease on black walnut trees. typical symptoms vary depending on the stage of the disease, but commonly include thinning crowns and yellowing or wilted leaves in the crown, leaves that are smaller than normal and relatively recent dead limbs. individuals with suspect trees are encouraged to contact the ncda cs plant industry division for a consult by calling -800-206- or by e-mail at email
__label__math	0.9982	algebraic structure may mean either there are several notions of an algebraic structure on an object of some category or higher category, which differ in generality. it may be to be an algebra over an algebraic theory, algebra over an operad or higher operad or an algebra over a monad, or over a prop, over a properad etc. see also variety of algebras. there is also an older notion of an algebraic structure algebra as a model for a one-sorted theory where the only relation symbols in the language involved are and equality with standard interpretation in models . this notion includes for example fields which are not an algebraic theory in the sense of monads because there are no free objects in the case of fields, i.e. the category of fields is not monadic over the category of sets . there is a forgetful functor from the category of algebras algebraic structures of some type in any of the above formalisms to the original category. this functor forgets structure in the sense of stuff, structure, property. we say that a functor in the base category preserves some algebraic structure if it lifts to the corresponding category of algebras.
__label__non_math	1.0000	ncbfaa educational institute committee, content committee
__label__non_math	1.0000	back to business - practices underway the uw-stevens point pointers came one win away from the ncaa tournament a year ago. kyle heck and company were back on the ice monday on the opening day for division iii hockey. elsewhere, the uw-stout blue devils began the first of five days of practice prior to kicking off the season against concordia-wisconsin this saturday. st. norbert and uw-stevens point play non-conference games next tuesday, october .
__label__non_math	0.9989	the farm business survey fbs at newcastle operates a free, confidential farm benchmarking service to farmers across northern england. participating farms receive a detailed set of farm management accounts with a comparative analysis against a group of similar businesses. an annual benchmarking guide is available to all participating farms. the farm business survey at newcastle currently involves some 230 farms across northumberland, cumbria, co. durham and tyne and wear. there is no extra record keeping required and the service is completely free. the farm business survey is widely recognised as the most authoritative and impartial source of farm business information in england. it is supported by the farming unions, the cla and the tfa. the survey is part of a nationwide network involving other universities and agricultural colleges which operate together as rural business research. data is collected to a common methodology allowing national comparisons to be made and detailed enterprise reports and farm group results by government office region are available for viewing. the operation is largely financed by the department for environment, food and rural affairs defra where the information is used to inform government decisions and monitor policy impacts. the data ultimately becomes part of the farm accountancy data network fadn of the european union where the newcastle data forms part of fadn region 410, england north.
__label__non_math	1.0000	"it's all boiled down to this moment ," trevino tells tvguide.com. "he has his army and he needs to strike now, not only to get revenge, but also to end this love triangle with caroline." but with caroline and klaus seemingly getting closer - the two actually laughed together the vampire diaries airs on thursday at 7c on the cw. view original the vampire diaries bite: will tyler take down klaus? at tvguide.com other links from tvguide.com
__label__non_math	0.9968	ten years ago, on the eve of the u.s. invasion of iraq, the assumptions many americans held about the coming war, fed by rhetoric from the george w. bush white house, turned out to be wildly inaccurate. saddam hussein, as we now know, did not possess weapons of mass destruction. the conflict would not end quickly. and the cost of the war in lives and dollars would far eclipse expectations. today, a new set of beliefs defines many discussions about the war and its aftermath. are they just as wrong? . the troop surge succeeded. the surge of ,000 troops into baghdad in had two objectives: tamp down the bloody sectarian civil war and forge a political compromise among the three principal groups in iraqi society shiite arabs, sunni arabs and ethnic kurds that would set the country on a path to stability. the surge helped accomplish the first goal, but it was not the only reason for the reduced violence. a decision by sunni tribal leaders to oppose al-qaida fighters in iraq also played a major role. so, too, did iraqi behavior; as mixed sunni-shiite neighborhoods in baghdad became more homogeneous and fortified, opportunities for sectarian violence decreased. when it came to political compromise, however, the surge was a flop. majority shiites did not want to give the sunnis and kurds a greater role in the government and security forces, and the hopes of striking a grand bargain in the waning days of the bush administration fizzled. as a consequence, red-hot embers remain in the tinderbox that is iraq. disputes over land and oil could spark another kurd-arab civil war in the north. sunnis in the central part of the country, who have been holding anti-government protests for the past three months, now openly talk of rebellion. sunni leaders accuse the shiite-dominated security forces of persecuting them in the name of combating terrorism and purging old members of hussein's baath party. . iraq today is relatively peaceful. levels of violence are far lower than they were in , at the height of the civil war, when hundreds of people were being killed every week. but iraq is far from stable. on monday, a suicide bomber drove his explosives-laden car into a police station, killing five people; the same day, six more people were killed in various militant attacks in baghdad. three days earlier, people died in a string of attacks targeting security personnel. for the iraqis who have no ticket out, life is still defined by bloodshed and fear. "the war is not over," a friend in baghdad wrote to me recently. "there is still killing and bombing. we are still scared." . iraq is a democracy. it is on paper. it has held successive national elections; it has a parliament and a modestly functional court system. in practice, however, prime minister nouri al-maliki is exercising authority and centralizing power in ways that remind many iraqis of hussein. his security agencies have rounded up numerous sunni leaders in recent months, accusing them of supporting the insurgency. sunni officials contend that maliki is using terrorism as a pretext to neutralize political foes. since he first won election in , maliki has moved to consolidate control over the country's security forces. he also has presided over the dismantling of the sons of iraq, the sunni tribal militia that was instrumental in the fight against al-qaida. the militia was supported by the u.s. military, which urged maliki to integrate its members into the army and police force. although he pledged to do so, only a fraction of sunni militiamen have been given positions in the security services. . iraq is in iran's pocket. forget about all the blood and treasure the united states has poured into iraq. iran is iraq's most strategically significant ally. maliki owes his second term in large part to the pressure that tehran exerted on rival shiite political parties in iraq, many of which received substantial financial support from the iranian government. and there's plenty of evidence to indicate quid for the quo: despite objections from washington, maliki's government has allowed iranian cargo airplanes, allegedly filled with munitions, to fly to syria through iraqi airspace, enabling tehran to prop up syrian dictator bashar assad. but it would be wrong to assume that maliki is permitting the flights only because of iranian pressure. even though assad shares much of the baathist ideology that hussein espoused, he and his fellow alawites are shiites. it's more than kinship, however, that drives maliki to favor the status quo in syria. he and other leaders of iraq's shiite majority worry that if the free syrian army overthrows assad, the rebels will establish a radical sunni government that will collaborate with iraq's sunni minority to topple the baghdad government. "if the opposition is victorious, there will be a civil war in lebanon, divisions in jordan and a sectarian war in iraq," maliki warned in an interview with the associated press last month. nor do tehran's money and love guarantee that iraqi shiites will do its bidding. consider muqtada al-sadr, whose mahdi army militia was the bete noire of u.s. troops throughout much of the war. he spent years living in iran, burnishing his religious credentials and rebuilding his political movement. since his return to iraq, though, he has sought to fashion himself as more of an iraqi nationalist, reaching out to sunni and kurdish political factions that are maliki rivals. when sunnis convened large protests late last year to demand that maliki amend terrorism and de-baathification laws, sadr bucked tehran's dictates by meeting with sunni leaders and espousing political compromise. iran is still bigger and more powerful. but iraq's collaboration with tehran is as often driven by its own interests as those of its neighbor. . the americans have all left. there are still about 220 u.s. military personnel in iraq. they work for the office of security cooperation-iraq, which handles the sale of military equipment to the iraqi army and coordinates training. those personnel work in an annex of the u.s. embassy in central baghdad, the largest american diplomatic mission in the world. the massive complex, built on the grounds of the former green zone in the capital, houses hundreds of state department officers, u.s. development specialists and representatives from other federal agencies. legions of private security contractors guard the compound. concerns that the fighting in syria could spill over into iraq recently prompted the cia to increase its support to iraqi counterterrorism forces, according to a report in the wall street journal. although the agency still intends to reduce its presence to about 300 personnel in iraq, its station in baghdad will remain one of the largest in the world.
__label__non_math	1.0000	welcome to our new blog welcome to the new nc prevention partners blog for healthy schools. we'll be using this space to talk about free, evidence-based resources to help schools promote good nutrition, physical activity, and cultures of wellness for both staff and students across north carolina. if this is your first time here, take a moment to get to know us: the zone health program helps schools improve their nutrition and physical activity environments to give students, faculty and staff more opportunities to eat healthy food, be physically active and improve their overall health. workhealthy americasm is a one-stop wellness shop, with all the tools you need to help your teachers and staff lead healthier and more productive lives. we also developed the nc school health connection in collaboration with nc healthy schools. the mission of the nc school health connection ncshc is to identify and promote effective childhood obesity prevention programs in north carolina public schools to empower key stakeholders and encourage collaboration among those seeking to improve student health and academic achievement. check if your school made the map we welcome comments and suggestions on all of our blog posts, and we'd love to know what is most helpful for you
__label__non_math	0.9983	sunday, oct. , is the 29th sunday in ordinary time year b, cycle ii . it s world series week, and if your family is excited about baseball but not about the series, it would be a good week to watch the perfect game . the film is based on a true story and popular non-fiction book about a rag-tag group of mexican boys who competed in the little league world series in . the story is sweet and pro-catholic, even if it won t win film awards. cheech marin plays padre esteban, the priest who keeps the boys in line and inspired. hannah montana fans will recognize rico moises arias on the team. as always, preview it and confer with at kids-in-mind.com to see if it s right for your family. isaiah -; psalm :-, -, , ; hebrews -; mark -or - this is a tailor-made gospel for an election year. in fact, christ unexpectedly gives a measuring stick for a good leader in a christian land. james and john, the sons of zebedee, came to jesus and put a question to him that seems to seek a kind of political favor: grant that in your glory we may sit one at your right and the other at your left. sitting at jesus side means a seat in the governing of the kingdom of god that is to come. it isn t just a political favor they may be thinking of it as a political position. so jesus tells them: you do not know what you are asking tom tells the story of the time he was looking for a job on capitol hill. he was able to get the vice president s chief of staff on the phone and asked, i d like to meet with you for minutes. the chief of staff's answer was the same: you don t know what you are asking jesus explanation should have been that kind of wake-up call for the apostles. can you drink the cup that i drink or be baptized with the baptism with which i am baptized? he asked. they answered, perhaps too hastily, we can. they did get to drink that cup. it s the cup and baptism foretold in today s first reading, when isaiah says of the suffering servant, the lord was pleased to crush him in infirmity. they are being asked to give their lives as an offering for sin. in fact, the martyrdom of st. james by sword under herod is the only apostle s martyrdom recorded in the new testament. james and john learned their spiritual lesson well. they suffered for the people. the true christian vocation isn t simply to lead others, but to lead them by serving. those who are recognized as rulers over the gentiles lord it over them, and their great ones make their authority over them felt, says jesus. for christians, he said, whoever wishes to be great among you will be your servant; whoever wishes to be first among you will be the slave of all. so when it comes to election time, a guiding principle should be this: vote for servants. vote for those who will look out for the smallest, most helpless among us especially the unborn and the elderly. don t vote for those who make decisions designed only to enhance their own popularity with one group or another. vote for those who provide the best for society especially its foundation of religious freedom and strong marriages and families. but this gospel can t be reduced to a political statement. it demands that each of us build a christian society not by finding someone else who will serve, but by ourselves becoming the ones who are servants of all. tom and april hoopes write from atchison, kansas, where tom is writer in residence at benedictine college.
__label__non_math	0.9997	the fairest one of all part part of snow white s charm and power lies in its lingering redolence of the world of animated shorts. the shorthand way that snow white and the prince fall in love an early scene in which the prince comes upon snow in her ragged attire at the wishing well, and serenades her briefly at her balcony, professing already that his heart is hers alone works here in a way that it wouldn t have in, say, cinderella. granted, one magical date and a quixotic quest with a glass slipper isn t much more on which to hang a life together, but still the romance in cinderella is treated with more naturalism than snow white. the key to snow white s storybook feel is its pervasive musical milieu. animation and synchronized music had become inseparable since steamboat willie, and it was natural for snow white to be full of song, as many subsequent animated musicals have been. but characters in snow white don t just burst into song though of course they do and such songs i m awfully sorry i didn t mean to frighten you. but you don t know what i ve been through snow s dulcet little-girl voice, provided by -year-old adriana caselotti, is probably the most dated element of the production, along with the heroine s someday my prince will come romantic passivity and, for some, her domesticity . as recently as the princess and the frog, disney was still doing penance for the wish on a star magical thinking of its early films. still, caselotti s voice conveys the character s innocence and goodness, and she has some nice line readings, such as when she charms the dwarfs into letting her stay. her gentle mockery of grumpy isn t her only show of humor, but it s my favorite. visually, snow white is a marvelous achievement, a heroine who ideally balances the grace and naturalistic movement of rotoscoping tracing live-action images of an actor with the stylized proportions of a semi-realistic cartoon heroine. rotoscoping is a powerful technique, but used too mechanically it can create a hyperrealism that diminishes the charm of animation. the snow white inspired fleischer studios feature gulliver s travels, with its uncannily lifelike gulliver, is an instructive counterpoint. the blush of red on snow s cheeks is a notable example of the disney team s experimentation and innovation. in keeping with her name and description, the animators gave snow a pale complexion, but at first her cheeks looked bloodless. they tried touching up her cheeks with a ruddier hue, but given the limitations of cel art she looked like a clown with painted cheeks. gradations of color were easy on static painted backgrounds, but there was no good technology in those days for producing them on the painted cels for animated characters. then one of the ink-and-paint girls women tasked with creating the colored animation cels from the animators pencil-and-paper drawings suggested that they might apply real rouge or blush to the cels to give snow s cheeks some color. to walt s skeptical query whether the girls would be able to apply the rouge consistently on each cel, she shot back, what do you think we ve been doing to our own faces all our lives? although the material has certainly been disneyfied, with the greek chorus of forest animals and the dwarfs slapstick, disneyfication was not yet the debilitating condition it would later become. the animals and slapstick add their notes to the main theme without detracting from it, like the escapades of the mice in cinderella. what is most impressive about snow white is that amid all the effort and technological and artistic innovation, what emerges is not just an impressive showcase of technique, but a film of simple and enduring power that still draws in and dazzles viewers. even after all all the pomo deconstruction of enchanted and its ilk, snow white s potent spell is unbroken. related: sdg s top fairy-tale movies
__label__non_math	1.0000	visit our "calendar of events" for a complete event listing. gift of membership won't you help us expand our membership program by giving a special gift of membership? it is not only a gift that keeps on giving months of the year, but it is your opportunity to introduce a friend or family member to the wonders of this magical garden space and to share your passion for the jc raulston arboretum. ross williams, executive director of the north carolina landscape and nursery association, presented a ,500 for the jcra endowment for excellence. more than ,000 toward this challenge was donated by friends attending the weekend festivities. friends of the jc raulston arboretum newsletter volume , number spring is now available on the web site. join or renew online membership gifts are the primary support for the jcra's daily operations and vital for its success. join or renew your membership online through a web page hosted on the college of agriculture and life sciences' college advancement web site. join or renew online today american horticultural society's reciprocal admission program the jcra has joined the american horticultural society's reciprocal admission program. this outstanding program confers to jcra members benefits at other participating gardens around the country. for more details, visit their web site.
__label__non_math	0.9999	nc state university enrolls more than ,000 students in ten different colleges. over ,000 nc state students are from more than a hundred and twenty different countries and now call raleigh their temporary home see ncsu enrollment data . every student s success is critically important to us and it requires careful planning, good decisions, effective communication, hard work, adequate resources, and a supportive environment. academic success begins before arriving in raleigh and involves finding a good academic advisor, understanding one s rights and responsibilities - both as a member of the nc state university community and as an international student in the us - and achieving a healthy balance among all the competing demands of a student. international students will need to know the relevant reporting requirements required by student and exchange visitor information system sevis , maintain fulltime enrollment, obtain the proper forms and approvals before taking certain academic actions or beginning employment, and communicate closely with both academic and international advisors throughout one s program. students should read the pertinent sections of this website and discuss any questions or concerns with an ois advisor if before changing curriculum, changing immigration status, registering for less than fulltime enrollment, transferring to another school, needing to extend one s immigration documents, or withdrawing. most of the important immigration regulations and processes that affect your ability to stay in the us in a student status both academic and employment related can be found in the links in the left-hand side bar. current students will also want to visit the current students page on the nc state website in order to find links to more campus resources, such as tutoring services, the bookstore, campus recreation, athletics, health services, and student organizations. spring international graduate students country of origin spring international undergraduate students country of origin spring international intensive english, study abroad and other students country of origin
__label__non_math	1.0000	child support enforcement cse the child support lien registry was implemented on . e-payment is now available. child support accepts payment by credit card or debit card. for more information about guidelines click here parents may receive e-mail notice of payments 113 kb pdf letter to united steelworkers union 133 kb pdf information for non custodial parents .kb pdf information for employers kb pdf for a list of obligors held in contempt of court in north dakota and a list of criminal nonsupport click here little could be accomplished without dedicated parents taking care of their kids with help from employers, clerks of court, the judiciary, the legislature, county social service boards, the department of human services executive office, and dedicated staff.
__label__non_math	0.8780	obs via google maps oil gas adcp ship obs report obs web widget ndbc on facebook ndbc dqc handbook hurricane data plots handbook no. see recent photos from tao buoy 8n 110w how can i compute the distance from a buoy to shore, an inlet, or another reference location? often, when you ask us how far a buoy is away from a location, we don't know the exact location of the jetty, inlet, or the point on shore that you are referring to. we'd hate to guess and give you the wrong information. however, it's fairly easy to determine this yourself if you can find the latitude and longitude of your reference position. copy the station's latitude and longitude from the station page. next, look up the latitude and longitude of the inlet, lighthouse, town, or other geographic feature you are interested in. you can find these on noaa nautical charts: provides a listing of these charts which you can purchase. when you have this information, do an internet search for a "great circle calculator" and go to one of the web sites featuring this type of calculator. here's a great circle calculator offered by noaa's national hurricane center: then, enter the latitude and longitude of our buoy and the position of your reference location. the calculator will provide the distance in in your choice of units.
__label__non_math	1.0000	heritage dance foundation in , the heritage dance foundation, a 501 c non profit corporation created by charles s. zwerling, md, bought danceweek from dick mason in order to continue his fine work and report the news of ballroom dancing in the united states. danceweek became overnight the flagship for the heritage dance foundation whose mission is: to promote the international sport of partnership dancing through encouraging opportunities for dance education, cultivating excellence within the sport and elevating overall standards for a superior competitive environment. over the past years the heritage dance foundation has developed and maintained many worthwhile projects, including: - the junior dance foundation assisting youth in ballroom, - the united states dance congress annual event and seminar which the hdf transferred to the ndca - publication of the national bi-weekly newsletter, danceweek. - the publication of ability, the ballroom dance journal, - establishment of amateur and professional dance scholarships - members of the national dance council of america - assisting competition organizers for tax deductible scholarship events - producer of original theatrical productions remember the paramount and broadway at paramount - producer of original television show a time to dance - creation of a theatrical ensemble, encore entertainment the heritage dance foundation has created a performing arts division in order to nuture and encourage regional community theatrical and dance productions.
__label__non_math	0.9273	a refrain from prosecuting a charge that the prosecutor knows is not supported by probable cause; b make reasonable efforts to assure that the accused has been advised of the right to, and the procedure for obtaining, counsel and has been given reasonable opportunity to obtain counsel; c not seek to obtain from an unrepresented accused a waiver of important pretrial rights, such as the right to a preliminary hearing; d disclose to the defense at the earliest practical time all evidence or information known to the prosecutor that tends to negate the guilt of the accused or mitigates the offense, and, in connection with sentencing, disclose to the defense and to the tribunal all unprivileged mitigating information known to the prosecutor, except when the prosecutor is relieved of this responsibility by a protective order of the tribunal; e not subpoena a lawyer in a grand jury or other criminal proceeding to present evidence about a past or present client unless the prosecutor reasonably believes: the information sought is not protected from disclosure by any applicable privilege; the evidence sought is essential to the successful completion of an ongoing investigation or prosecution; and there is no other feasible alternative to obtain the information; f except for statements that are necessary to inform the public of the nature and extent of the prosecutor's action and that serve a legitimate law enforcement purpose, refrain from making extrajudicial comments that have a substantial likelihood of heightening public condemnation of the accused and exercise reasonable care to prevent investigators, law enforcement personnel, employees or other persons assisting or associated with the prosecutor in a criminal case from making an extrajudicial statement that the prosecutor would be prohibited from making under rule .or this rule. g when a prosecutor knows of new, credible, and material evidence creating a reasonable likelihood that a convicted defendant did not commit an offense of which the defendant was convicted: if the conviction was obtained outside the prosecutor's jurisdiction, promptly disclose notice of the existence of that evidence to an appropriate tribunal and prosecuting authority, and if the conviction was obtained in the prosecutor's jurisdiction i promptly disclose the existence of that evidence to the defendant unless a court authorizes delay, and ii undertake further investigation or cause an investigation to determine whether the defendant was convicted of an offense that the defendant did not commit. h when a prosecutor knows of or receives clear and convincing evidence establishing that a defendant in the prosecutor's jurisdiction was convicted of an offense that the defendant did not commit, seek to undo the conviction. a prosecutor has the responsibility of a minister of justice and not simply that of an advocate. this responsibility carries with it specific obligations to see that the defendant is accorded procedural justice and that guilt is decided upon the basis of sufficient evidence, and that special precautions are taken to prevent and to rectify the conviction of innocent persons. this responsibility also obligates the prosecutor to promptly make available to the defense information which is known, material and favorable to the defendant's position. discovery of such information by the prosecutor confers no property right in the same upon the prosecutor; rather, in the interest of seeing that the truth is ascertained and all proceedings justly determined, the defense should be accorded ready access to any such information. applicable law may require other measures by the prosecutor and knowing disregard of those obligations or a systematic abuse of prosecutorial discretion could constitute a violation of rule .. a defendant may waive a preliminary hearing and thereby lose a valuable opportunity to challenge probable cause. accordingly, prosecutors should not seek to obtain waivers of preliminary hearings or other important pretrial rights from unrepresented accused persons. paragraph c does not apply however to an accused representing himself with the approval of the tribunal. nor does it forbid the lawful questioning of an uncharged suspect who has knowingly waived the rights to counsel and silence. the exception in paragraph d recognizes that a prosecutor may seek an appropriate protective order from the tribunal if disclosure of information to the defense could result in substantial harm to an individual or to the public interest. paragraph e is intended to limit the issuance of lawyer subpoenas in grand jury and other criminal proceedings to those situations in which there is a genuine need to intrude into the lawyer-client relationship. paragraph f supplements rule ., which prohibits extrajudicial statements that have a substantial likelihood of prejudicing an adjudicatory proceeding. in the context of a criminal prosecution, a prosecutor's extrajudicial statement can create the additional problem of increasing public condemnation of the accused. although the announcement of an indictment, for example,will necessarily have severe consequences for the accused, a prosecutor can, and should, avoid comments that have no legitimate law enforcement purpose and have a substantial likelihood of increasing public opprobrium of the accused. nothing in this rule is intended to restrict the statements that a prosecutor may make that comply with rule . b or . c . like other lawyers, prosecutors are subject to rules .and ., which relate to responsibilities regarding lawyers and nonlawyers who work for or are associated with the lawyer's office. paragraph f reminds the prosecutor of the importance of these obligations in connection with the unique dangers of improper extrajudicial statements in a criminal case. in addition, paragraph f requires a prosecutor to exercise reasonable care to prevent persons assisting or associated with the prosecutor from making improper extrajudicial statements, even when such persons are not under the direct supervision of the prosecutor. ordinarily, the reasonable care standard will be satisfied if the prosecutor issues the appropriate cautions to law-enforcement personnel and other relevant individuals. when a prosecutor knows of new, credible, and material evidence creating a reasonable likelihood that a person outside the prosecutor's jurisdiction was convicted of a crime that the person did not commit, paragraph g requires prompt disclosure to the appropriate tribunal and prosecuting authority, such as the chief prosecutor of the jurisdiction where the conviction occurred. if the conviction was obtained in the prosecutor's jurisdiction, paragraph g requires the prosecutor to examine the evidence and undertake further investigation to determine whether the defendant is in fact innocent or cause another appropriate authority to undertake the necessary investigation, and to promptly, absent court-authorized delay, disclose existence of the evidence to the defendant. consistent with the objectives of rules .and ., disclosure to a represented defendant must be made through the defendant's counsel, and, in the case of an unrepresented defendant, would ordinarily be accompanied by a request to a court for the appointment of counsel to assist the defendant in taking such legal measures as may be appropriate. under paragraph h , once the prosecutor knows of clear and convincing evidence that the defendant was convicted of an offense that the defendant did not commit, the prosecutor must seek to undo the conviction. necessary steps may include disclosure of the evidence to the defendant, requesting that the court appoint counsel for an unrepresented indigent defendant, and, where appropriate, notifying the court that the prosecutor has knowledge that the defendant did not commit the offense of which the defendant was convicted. a prosecutor's independent judgment, made in good faith, that the new evidence is not of such nature as to trigger the obligations of paragraphs g and h , though subsequently determined to be erroneous, does not constitute a violation of this rule. reference: minutes of the professional conduct subcommittee of the attorney standards committee on and ; minutes of the joint committee on attorney standards on , , , , , , , , and .
__label__non_math	1.0000	the first time i met my friend amy, i said something brilliant like, hey you're short. i meant it as praise, but it may not have struck her as a compliment, since highly-successful basketball coaches tend to value height. so that's the first thing we know about her, she'll give you a second chance. i was awestruck by this amazing person. all these years later, it still amazes me to watch a college coach cope with the pressures. i simply cannot imagine doing the hardest part of your job with thousands of screaming fans watching your every move. i know next to nothing about how the game of basketball is supposed to work, even though i've been to hundreds of games. i've even traveled on the team bus a couple of times, and from that i got a thrilling glimpse into the mystique. when amy talks shop, her eyes flash fire. she might be smiling, but it really doesn't mask her intensity. on one of the trips, we lost a game. this is not a good thing. amy can recount an entire game, every move every player made, and she can do this all day long, sort of under her breath. i suppose it is her way of coping with the annoyance of losing, but it makes for a long day. amy has a winning record to envy, has been inducted into halls of fame all over the country, been an invited coach at olympic festival teams - more measures of success than you can shake a stick at. she expects to win every ball game, or checkers or card game. tenacious might not be a strong enough word. oh, and do not let this be the person who teaches you to water ski. you will experience many new kinds of pain, and for hours after, you'll discover lake water in parts of your body that ought not have lake water in them. hard as she might try, she won't be able to not laugh that you can't quite get the tow rope back between the two skis every single time you fall and have to start over, even though the water's quite choppy no doubt from the many falls and all the circles the boat makes to get you again. but she's a teacher at heart, and so you learn. don't even think of quitting, she yells. you're not getting back into the boat until you ski. you've almost got it. on the other hand, when she comes for dinner, she can't keep herself from stirring whatever's on the stove and hanging out asking about the recipes and telling great stories. if you let her start doing dishes, your kitchen will never be cleaner. i became a fan of women's basketball at north dakota state university in the early 1990s, shortly after i started working at the university. i watched her coach her team through a tough semifinal to a national championship game and then battle through the worst game that very talented group ever played. nothing worked. she tried everything. on our home gym. it was one of those games that just hurt to watch - so bad that i spent most of the second half behind the bleachers. the next year she again coached her team to the national championship game. this time they were on fire and this time everything went right. we pounded the livin' daylights outta the same team that squeaked past us the year before. her teams went on to win many more national titles, fight their way through all kinds of tough games. an amazing career. but i will always remember that exciting game all those years ago. after the win, she was back out shooting around, didn't want to leave the court. she didn't want the season to be over. i feel like i should be getting ready to analyze tape tomorrow, she said. a lesson in success. just a few weeks ago, amy ruley announced, to the astonishment of all, she was done being a coach. to the relief of all, she also announced she's staying with north dakota state university, trading in her whistle to work as a fund raiser for athletics. i will miss watching her fire on the sidelines. but i look forward to watching and learning about stepping into new shoes. thank you for reading.
__label__non_math	0.9972	nissan altima gts side window deflectors auto parts are certainly beneficial for every vehicle. each part has a designated purpose according to the auto owner's needs. that is the reason why the auto market has not ceased to create auto parts or accessories and products that are generally essential for every rider. one auto part to consider is brake dust shields, it is an auto part that dusts-off those unseen on the auto wheels. another, auto covers, it is not that essential though having it can keep your vehicle from any dust pollution, debris, or any kind of dirt, insects and more. while a stepping rail is beneficial for trucks every time one gets inside and gets out. then, what is the use of a side window deflector? in a weather that always changing, a side window deflector is the solution to get that relief when traveling any time of the day whether the sun is shining bright or the rain is pouring heavy. this kind of auto part is specially designed to allow the fresh air gets in, and diminish the wind noise and the heat from the inside. moreover, during the wet season, the air inside our cars can easily become fusty. however, installing gts side window deflectors for nissan altima on your car can definitely draw out that fusty air and keep the efficiency of the air-conditioner or heater. hence, this car parts likewise repels rain and wind to prevent such from penetrating into the car. nissan altima gts side window deflectors are generally customized without drilling or any kind of detachment on your auto. this would mean that, installation of such can be quick and easy and only takes a few minutes. the deflectors that are installed inside the vehicle's window channels do not require taping or screwing on the frames of the side windows. while, the person installing the side window deflectors outside the vehicle uses an acrylic foam tape. of course, you should not to worry because even though those deflectors are installed without drilling or screwing, they are guaranteed to be durable and also chic. in addition, side window deflectors are available for vans, cars, suvs, mini vans and trucks. regardless of any weather - rain or shine, it will not be a heavy thing for our vehicle, and there will be no discomfort or hassle to the passengers when gts side window deflectors for nissan altima are installed. who would not want to be protected from uv radiation or sun glare? who would not hate that straying drops from the rain? worse, having that hair like a bird's nest? definitely, a gts side window deflectors mounted on your car would keep you away from any discomfort and enjoy the travel.
__label__non_math	1.0000	us secretary of state john kerry will attend talks on syria in amman on wednesday, the state department said, as major powers try to bring the syrian government and opposition to peace talks in june. associated press president barack obama is defending investigations into government leaks, saying they are necessary for national security. the us government on thursday blacklisted four syrian government ministers, an airline and a television station it said helped the assad government in its two-year crackdown on opposition forces. cisco systems led the dow jones industrial average slightly higher thursday after the technology company reported higher sales. mixed corporate earnings and economic reports kept the major stock indexes flipping between slight gains and losses. the us government believes a chinese missile launch this week was the first test of a new interceptor that could be used to destroy a satellite in orbit, one us defense official told reuters on wednesday. agence france-presse the us administration filed a last-ditch bid on monday to delay a court ruling which would allow girls and young women to buy the morning after pill without a prescription. a strong dollar hit oil and gold prices on monday, left german government bonds near their lowest level in a month and kept european and asian shares at five-year highs. agence france-presse pakistan's nawaz sharif looks set to be a pragmatic ally of washington, unlikely to end the war against al qaeda and the taliban as he seeks to focus on fixing the economy. the habitats of many common plants and animals will shrink dramatically this century unless governments act quickly to cut rising greenhouse gas emissions, scientists said on sunday after studying ,000 species around the world. agence france-presse in perhaps the most dramatic outcome of pakistan's elections, imran khan's party has won power in the northwest, putting to the ultimate test the former cricket star's anti-us rhetoric and calls for peace talks with the taliban. press trust of india the united states is working with the indian government to streamline the latter's education visa, which is being considered as a major hindrance for american students wanting to go to the country for education, a top obama administration official ha... agence france-presse us president barack obama will visit berlin next month for wide-ranging talks with chancellor angela merkel, a german government spokesman said on friday. agence france-presse us troops will stay in afghanistan after "only at the invitation" of the afghan government, and washington is not seeking permanent bases there, a white house spokesman said thursday. associated press signs are growing that the sustained surge in cyber attacks emanating from china is imperiling its relations with the us, lending urgency to fledgling efforts by both governments to engage on the issue. associated press in majority muslim pakistan, religious minorities say democracy is killing them. intolerance has been on the rise for the past five years under pakistan's democratically elected government because of the growing violence of islamic radicals, who are...
__label__non_math	0.9937	buy high beta stocks on correction: nilesh shah nilesh shah, md ceo, envision capital gave his views on how the market is going to perform ahead. "buy high beta stocks on correction, the market is seeing a lot of value in them. expect wild swings in high beta stocks," he said. he is positive on infrastructure, psu banking and capital goods stocks. "investors should not buy in a hurry. we advise selective buying approach," he added.
__label__non_math	1.0000	mumbai police cracks pallavi purkayastha murder case she had been stabbed with a knife and was bleeding profusely. but pallavi purkayastha managed to escape the attacker who was trying to rape her in her flat in central mumbai. she rushed outside her door - apartment on the 16th floor - and ran up and down the corridor, her blood staining the walls and the floor. there are four other flats on the same storey. the desperate lawyer rang at least two doorbells. nobody answered.
__label__non_math	1.0000	for many of us the holidays mean traveling to see friends and family. or if you re really lucky, it means someone gifts you a trip to the caribbean. either way, it means you have to pack. as organized as i am, i still do not have a foolproof packing system. and whenever i have to pack for a trip with my husband and daughter, i m usually completely stressed out and threatening to never go away again. why? because i don t have a packing app until now. read more do you realize that christmas is less than two weeks away? and hanukkah starts in eight days. eight days still struggling with holiday gift ideas? yeah, me too. luckily you can google almost any type of gift guide gifts for that impossible-to-buy-for person ahem my mother-in-law , gifts for cat lovers, gifts for those obsessed with angry birds. no really, that one exists. read more today i am over at gigamarks formerly fivefreeapps talking about irule: universal remote controls have become increasingly popular. sure they take a bit of time to setup and learn to use, but not having remotes on your coffee table makes it worth it. and in keeping with the tradition of combining gadgets, now you can use your smartphone or tablet to control your entertainment system. guest post from brian over at gigamarks: staying organized at home or at the office is ridiculously difficult for many of us. to further complicate matters, work tends to follow many of us home and on the road. staying organized and productive on the road is the ultimate challenge. having the right tools simplifies your travel and can greatly enhance your productivity. let s take a closer look at some of the best android apps to help keep your ducks in a row while on the road. read more the holidays will be here before you know it. and if you re still tackling your gift list, remember tis the season to get a good bargain. zingsale is a great website that will scour thousands of online stores for the best price on a desired product. don t know what you want? simply click on their biggest sales of the day for ideas and deals. are you coveting a specific item and have the patience to wait for it? set up a price alert and zingsale will let you know when it goes on sale. check out digitwirl s new video on zingsale: read more let s face it, the ipad is a toy. it s a fun, fantastic toy, but it s a luxury item that while i absolutely love mine we don t actually need. if you want to turn your ipad into a laptop, check out the clamcase all-in-one case. not only will this make typing easier, but i am hoping my husband s company will now consider the ipad a work expense. read more
__label__non_math	0.9998	rg2608.am: solomon devore butcher, papers, research materials: , n.d.; custer county and kearney, buffalo county, neb.: photographer size: .cu.ft.; boxes solomon butcher was born in burtion, west virginia. in the butcher family moved to winona, illinois and years later removed to nebraska. mr. butcher took a claim miles north of broken bow near the place upon which his father had located. at a later time, mr. butcher relinquished his homestead and returned east. in the fall of and spring of , he was enrolled in the minnesota medical college and hospital in minneapolis. in october of he returned with his wife to custer county where he started the first photographic studio in the county. in the autumn of he enlarged his studio with a living room also made of sod. it was in that butcher first planned his history of custer county. he spent seven years in preparation, making farm views and sketches of settlers. a fire destroyed the sketches, but butcher continued to write and published the history in . he also wrote a book called "sod house." after living in greeley, colorado for about a year, solomon butcher died on . he was survived by his second wife; a step-daughter, ruby s. nation; a son, capt. j. l. butcher; and a daughter, mrs. will russo. a more detailed biography can be found in solomon d. butcher: photographing the american dream by john e. carter. scope and content note this collection consists of two boxes of manuscript material arranged in five series: correspondence, , , and undated; business records, and undated; cataloging records, and ; research materials, ; and miscellany. this material relates to the career of solomon d. butcher as an itinerant photographer in the nebraska sandhills and the photographic record that he left behind, which is now part of the collections of the nebraska state historical society. note: the butcher collection of prints and negatives is available in the nebraska state historical society's photograph collections. it is also available on-line through the library of congress via their american memory website. the correspondence, , , and undated, of series relates primarily to the purchase of solomon d. butcher's photograph and manuscript collection by the state of nebraska for retention at the nebraska state historical society. letters between butcher and the society's director, a.e. sheldon, reflect problems sheldon faced in receiving state appropriation for the purchase. the letters from butcher are typescript copies. included in this series are copies of the contract, , between butcher and sheldon for transfer of the butcher collection to the society, . the business records of series include receipt books, , for orders placed with butcher for his dawson and buffalo county histories. of particular interest is the biographical information on each purchased written on the bottom half of the order blanks. this series also includes butcher's photograph record book, , which numbers and describes scenes that he photographed in various nebraska, missouri, kansas, colorado, oklahoma, south dakota, and montana towns. a biographical notebook and an order book, both undated, also record information on purchasers and scenes photographed. series consists of cataloging records listing materials sent by butcher to the nebraska state historical society. the inventory of negatives pertains to photographic work done by butcher during the years . also included in this series is an inventory of materials sent to the society in ; a listing of negatives taken in states other than nebraska; and a catalog of half tone pictures from butcher's pioneer history of custer county. series is comprised of the research materials gathered by john e. carter for his authoritative work on butcher, solomon d. butcher: photographing the american dream. included are files on butcher family history, biographical materials on butcher, and a correspondence file compiled by carter as his research progressed. the miscellany of series includes an autobiographical sketch by butcher, biographical notes, advertisements, and an exhibit catalog featuring a butcher photograph. series - correspondence, , , and undatedbox - , , and undated series - business records, and undated - receipt book, - receipt book, - photo record book, - biographical notebook and order book, undated series - cataloging records, , - catalog of negatives of nebraska, - negatives of which prints have been made, - 862 - negatives of which prints have not been made, 900- - negatives, - inventory of items received from franklin, ne, negatives from oklahoma, kansas, missouri, south dakota half tone pictures from butcher's pioneer history of custer county series - research materials, - biographical material - butcher family - census data - jefferson post office - minneapolis medical college - news articles - sale of negatives - secondary sources - secondary sources - secondary sources - walworth, nebraska - harry e. chrisman collection series - miscellany - autobiographical sketch exhibit catalog featuring butcher photograph butcher, solomon devore, carter, john edward, - custer county neb. -- history photographers -- nebraska photography -- nebraska sod houses -- nebraska revised tmm for additional information about this collection, please contact our library staff.
__label__non_math	0.6930	sarah green column this week, manufacturing and energy members met alistair darling's special adviser sam white at nissan in washington to outline their concerns about energy. over the past two years, energy prices have soared, climate change has moved from the science pages to the front page and security of energy supply is under threat. the government responded to the energy review last july with the energy challenge. in four areas, we think the government gets it right. primarily it confirms the market-based approach to energy. this is important, as returning to the central planning days of the central electricity governing board would build in inefficiency and inflexibility. second, ministers have recognised the value of a more diverse fuel mix with more low-carbon generation. this will mean we are less dependent on gas imports, so creating greater security of supply and will help meet carbon targets. it also says renewable obligations ro will be reformed to provide an incentive for firms to invest in technologies such as wave and tidal power. the ro obliges all licensed electricity suppliers to produce evidence that they have sourced a proportion of supplies from renewable sources. third, the government identifies two obstacles holding back investment in energy infrastructure - the planning system and regulatory uncertainty. it identifies ways to streamline planning and makes it clear emissions trading is here to stay. finally, the review contains measures to tackle energy efficiency in commerce and households. but while the review gets the big questions broadly right, concerns remain. for example, it announced a plethora of consultations on the detail of the proposals. there is concern about whether there is the resource and ability to take forward these consultations in parallel. another problem is the eu's emissions trading scheme. the review's indication that the government might establish a minimum carbon price in the uk if the eu-wide price is too volatile is fraught with problems. and for many, energy prices are the key concern. the review's conclusion is that its measures would smooth volatility in energy prices in years to come, while having a neutral or marginal upward impact on long-term prices. while most firms would welcome less volatility, it would be hard to bear higher energy prices than european competitors and for this reason, it is likely the energy debate will continue to top the agenda.
__label__non_math	0.9999	while surfing the web for mentions of kanistanaux, i came across a number of message board postings suggesting layton kanistanaux was born thomas layton kindness, a member of the brothertown community of new york and wisconsin. today i will discuss what i learned about the connection between the kanistanaux family and the kindness family. message boards are a good place to troll for ideas, but the majority of information found in these boards is unsourced and often speculative or outright false. the kanistanaux messages are no exception, so the first thing to do is try to find collaborating evidence to support what is being claimed. i found an excellent website put together by caroline andler called the genealogy and history of the brothertown indians. caroline is the retired genealogist for the brothertown indian nation. this seemed like a good place to start. history of the brothertown community the brothertown community was officially formed in as a christian community of native peoples from a variety of southern new england tribes. the mohican and pequot appear to have contributed the majority of members. they first settled in new york on lands provided to them by the oneida nation near modern day waterville, ny see the map . in the 1830s they left new york and established a new community in calumet co., wisconsin. in , the tribe requested and received from the u.s. congress full u.s. citizenship for its members and tribal land was divided among the new citizens. this allowed them to stay in wisconsin on their individually owned lands while other tribes were being forced to move to kansas. i contacted caroline andler via e-mail explaining what i was up to and she very generously shared the data she has collected for the kindness family. when i asked if she would like me to include her e-mail address when giving her credit, she wrote an email address would be helpful for people to contact me about the kindness family or any question about the brothertown nation. i am always willing to share my knowledge of both the history and the genealogy of the brothertown people. caroline k. andler, retired brothertown indian nation genealogist can be contacted at firstname.lastname facts about thomas laton kindness thomas layton kindness kanistanaux from the collection of jerry walentoski used by permission of caroline andler - he was born -aug- at brothertown, onieda co., ny . - he was the son of james jay kindness , pequot hannah dick , narragansett . - his family consisted of - george b. in new york. probably served during the civil war. - ira b. in new york. - thomas laton b. in ew york. - isaac j. b.abt. in wisconsin. he is probably the dr. i.j. kanistanaux at east chatham, pa c1900. - james b. -feb- in wisconsin d. wisconsin. served in 38th wisconsin infantry and briefly with the 1st kansas during the civil war. - lewis m. b. in ny, served in the 5th wisconsin during the civil war. he was living with layton in stockton in the census and still there in the census. - census shows thomas l., age with his parents in stockbridge, calumet co., wisconsin. - he married on -apr- in manchester, calumet co., wisconsin to almira jeanette sampson b. ny, d. wi . - his son purcell adelbert kindness was born -jan-, brothertown, calumet co., wi. - he enlisted during the civil war in co. g, 14th wisconsin infantry. i can find no evidence he ever mustered in or actually served - no record has been found of a divorce between layton and almira. - almira married 2nd on -nov- to clark d. dick in wisconsin. well now, this is all wonderful information, but it sure does poke a big hole in the picture i had of the kanistanaux family of new york. in the census, layton marleah stated they had been married years, placing the marriage about . in the nys census they had children in the household listed as sons daughter born about , , and . there is also another supposed daughter, lee-o-netto who was born about . now i learn layton was in wisconsin, he married almira in , and had a child with her in . i also see he enlisted from wisconsin, probably in late or early . they must have divorced, because almira remarried in . it appears layton and marleah married sometime between when i can still place him in wisconsin and when he is found with marleah in new york . so where does that leave the kids found with him in the census in new york state? carrie was born in c1857 and henry c1859 both in canada. i guess it s possible layton was traveling back and forth from new york or canada to wisconsin and had a family on both ends, but it does seem a bit far fetched. travel would be expensive moving through the great lakes and overland would be nearly impossible at this time. perhaps i am looking at two different men? no, there are enough records showing the connection between the new york man and the brothertown kindness family. - lewis kindness is living in the household of layton kanistanaux in stockton in the census. - on -feb- lewis kindness was admitted to the chautauqua county almshouse. he listed his relative as layton kindness of stockton. - caroline andler states there are letters in existence between layton in new york and the son, purcell, in wisconsin. - in my next post i will show you another connection. chautauqua county almshouse so, as is so often the case in genealogy research, i found a great resource with additional information caroline andler and the brothertown tribe , but the information creates more questions then it answers and the research must continue. see the kanistanaux home page for more. do you have any information to add or questions? please leave a comment.
__label__non_math	0.9409	i am excited to share the tutorial for this wine tote bag that i mentioned earlier what you will need: - printout of pattern pdf - download here note - i changed this from google docs because people were having trouble downloading and with the sizing - this should work better. let me know if you have a problem . - fat quarters of fabric or slightly less will work - see below for the pieces you need to cut - rectangles of quilt batting, each ."x16" plus two squares roughly "x5" - about yard of " double fold bias tape - i made my own for one bag and used pre-made for the other, either way is fine - coordinating thread i used quilting weight fabric for both the outer fabric and the lining, but you could use home dec weight fabric on the outside and possibly skip one layer of batting and or only lightly quilt it. i used a pretty lightweight batting and decided to double it up to give this project more heft, but if you used a high-loft batting you might only need one layer two rectangles of batting rather than four . also, the pattern as written is not too snug, if you want it to be more snug-fitting, you could make the outer fabric pieces below " wide rather than and " wide. the instructions below are for the simpler version with a single fabric on the outside and a single lining fabric - but you can easily piece two pieces together to make a two-fabric version of the outside or you could do some other more complicated patchwork design . the most time-intensive part of this project for me was the quilting, if you want to do a quicker version you could significantly simplify or just omit the quiting and it would be fine. cut out the two pattern pieces from the printed-out pattern. put the handle pattern piece aside for now and then cut the following pieces out of the fabric and batting sorry the circle pieces are not pictured below : - out of the outer fabric, two rectangles and "x15" and one circle cut out according to the pattern - i am using robert kaufman metro cafe as my outer fabric love this - out of the lining fabric, two rectangles " x16" and a rough circle square about " larger on all sides than the circle fabric piece - i am using amy butler love as my lining fabric. - out of the batting, the rectangles described above four ."x16" rectangles and also a rough circle square about " larger on all sides than the circle pattern piece. using the handle pattern piece, on your outer pieces only, lay the fabric wrong side up and then place the pattern piece on the fabric so that the top of the handle is about " below the top of the rectangle. then, trace the inside of the handle opening - you do not need to trace the top of the handle yet. inside the oval that you traced, mark a dotted line about " in as shown below. repeat on the second rectangle. the solid line will be your sewing line and the dotted line will be your cutting line this is the only part of the pattern where you have to add a seam allowance . on the outer rectangles, repeat this tracing except this time place the pattern "- " down from the top of the rectangle and center the pattern piece horizontally. repeat on the batting with the same alignment as the lining fabric, except this time you only need to trace the oval, you do not need to add a dotted line seam allowance. once you have traced the oval on the four fabric rectangles and the four batting rectangles, go ahead and cut out the inside of the ovals - on the dotted line seam allowance for the pieces of fabric and on the solid line for the batting pieces. lay one piece each of the outer and lining fabrics together, right sides facing, and line up the oval holes, making sure the edges of the rectangles are parallel. pin in place if you desire, then sew around the solid line of the oval. clip from the seam allowance in to just before the seam making sure not to cut the seam in a few places at the tight curve at either end of the oval. repeat for the other two rectangles. with the outer side on the top, lay two pieces of batting on top and align all of the ovals. reach through the hole and grab the lining fabric from the other side, and pull it through the hole. it will be kind of awkward at first as shown on the left below, but you should be able to tug at it and pull it into shape so that it lies mostly flat. you can iron if you need to to get both sides to lie flat. with the outer side up, top stitch the oval handle " from the edge and then quilt each piece as desired this just means sew all the layers together . if you have a free-motion quilting foot you can do free motion quilting but you can also do straight line quilting either with or without a walking foot and it should be fine. be careful to quilt away from the handle so that you don't inadvertently end up with a weird bulge fold there in your quilting. or feel free to skip the quilting, it really is more decorative and the tote will work fine without it. once you have quilted the pieces, lay the handle pattern piece on top and trace the top of the handle, then cut out the top of the handle shape through all the layers and also trim the bottom layers to match the top at the sides and bottom. make sure the two pieces are the same height - you can trim further if necessary to get them to match. also, i didn't take a picture of this but you should also make a quilt sandwich with the bottom circles and quilt that sandwich, then trim it to the actual circle shape of the top circle outer fabric - let me know if this is confusing. from here, i tried a few different ways to do the construction and deal with the inside seams, so i will describe the options and you can choose what makes the most sense for you. the first version i sewed the side and bottom seams and then went back and covered them with bias tape, but this seemed more intensive then necessary. the second time shown immediately below , i sewed the side and bottom seams and then i went back and zig-zagged over the seams, securing all the layers together. the third time shown second , i zig-zagged the edges of each piece before i seamed it, which also worked fine and was a little easier on the machine than zig-zagging through all the layers and easier to make sure i caught all the layers . whichever way you decide to do these final steps, as far as the actual construction goes, first you lay the two rectangle pieces with the handles right sides together and seam only the sides with " seam allowance or slightly less - do not sew the bottom edges together. this is the edge where i zig-zagged it after seaming: then take the quilted circle piece and pin it in place in the bottom opening. you may have to tug it a bit to get it to line up, i find it helpful to pin it at each side at the seams first and then pin the rest of the way around each side. sew a seam " in, being careful to catch all of the layers and removing the pins before you get to them. then on this version i zig-zagged it all in place after i seamed it: here is how it looked for the later bag where i zig-zagged before seaming: finally, you apply the binding to the top edge of the handle. as described in this tutorial, you can either sew it on all at once one-step or you can open it up and sew one edge, then fold it over and sew the other edge two-step . i tried both and wasn't thrilled with the way either one turned out but i guess i just need to practice more with bias tape. either way, you will apply the bias tape with the bag still turned inside-out... it is a bit fussy to sew with the bag in the way but if you go slow you should be able to get it to work. to do the two step approach, first you open the tape up and pin place the open edge along the edge you are going to be applying it to. make sure to fold the end over so that you get a neat seam, then sew along the first fold line. if this isn't making sense and or you haven't used bias tape before, check out a tutorial and hopefully that will help . sorry this picture is crummy, i ran out of light. after you sew it in place all the way around, flip it up and then fold it over to the other side. sew in place, either by sewing on the inside or the outside your preference , making sure to catch the inside edge to secure it. to do the one-step approach, you just slip the bias tape over the edge and sew it on, being careful to catch both the top and the bottom this is the part i always have trouble with . you can be more sure to catch both layers if you use a zig-zag, so if you like the way that looks that is a bit easier. at the end, fold under the end before you sew it in place to make it look nice and finished. turn it right-side out and there you go, enjoy your new wine tote
__label__non_math	1.0000	harlow, the new community prosecutor for zone , told about members of the buckhead council of neighborhoods at its monthly meeting thursday at peachtree presbyterian church the first step is to put more boots on the ground. i m going to do what we call a neighborhood take-back, targeting the lindbergh area, she said. we re going out with the atlanta police department to knock on doors, pass out information and let people in the neighborhood know we re here, we re watching and we re concerned. harlow said convicted burglary and aggravated assault perpetrators are getting tougher sentences from elected judges, compared to probation from appointed judges. you ll be hearing about more repeat offenders getting off the streets, she said. in addition, harlow is putting together a neighborhood advisory board of public safety committee representatives. we ll dive more into the cases we are handling out of zone , which includes buckhead, she said. lindbergh has another reason to be concerned, according to district city councilwoman yolanda adrean, who represents part of buckhead. she and the other city council members will vote monday on the rezoning of acres at 690 lindbergh drive, where a 150,000-square-foot walmart store may open. opposition to the plan centers around not the big-box retailer, although there are traffic concerns, but owners buckhead at lindbergh llc, buckhead south llc and san lucia land llc. the site plan by lawrenceville-based haines, gipson and associates shows space for multifamily residences but adrean said no residential developer has signed onto the project. in addition, substantial changes were made to the site plan after denial by neighborhood planning unit b, but that legislative body has not seen the new site plan, adrean said. the plan, i think, leaves a lot to be desired, she said. the stakes are high, adrean said. i m pretty sure if they lose this vote, she said about stakeholders, which include virginia-highland-based fuqua development, that there will be a lawsuit. in other news, buckhead coalition president sam massell announced the buckhead ambassador program for young men and women in honor of the coalition s 25th anniversary. ambassadors will receive a free, four-day business course from the j. mack robinson college of business at georgia state university and guidance in choosing volunteer and political opportunities.
__label__non_math	1.0000	vision and mission vision statement: an environment where communities promote, respect and protect child rights . mission statement: to bring a positive change in the lives of the children and youth with a particular focus on orphans and most vulnerable children, through promotion of their well-being and creation of an enabling environment where communities promote, respect and protect child rights, and recognize the needs and rights of those already affected . strategic development goal: core values: nelico is guided by a central belief that promotion of child rights is extremely important in helping the children and young people to meet their fundamental rights and needs and become good members of the society. strategic development goal: to contribute towards the enhancement of sustainable child rights and protection measures through advocating for child rights and supporting the communities to provide psychosocial support to most vulnerable children mvc and prevent child rights violation within the community.
__label__non_math	0.9800	do you ever feel outnumbered by your children? sometimes it seems that just as you get one child settled,another finds a button to push and the chaos continues. there are so many opportunities for parents to reach and teach children so they are able to behave well and learn as they grow. negative cycles can occur when parents feel out numbered or out of control. take control with a few simple changes that require only minimal effort and produce impressive results. don t be that parent in the mall, at the restaurant or even in your home who wonders how did this get so bad? find the answers as i unfold the true story of a mom outnumbered in a restaurant with her four children. read the entire article four against one .
__label__non_math	0.9543	i found the jason voorghees' cameo in the jungle too bad you can't repair the chainsaw you get there. i also found a really nasty bug: under certain circunstances apparently involving the amount and kind of stuff i have in my inventory it seems to happen when it's full, but doesn't happen every time it's full when i use a mod to build something, some of the stuff i have in my quick inventory r2 disappears it doesn't show in the full inventory list, nor is it dropped to the floor . first time i losed a quite decent golden pistol when checking what the piranha mod was about, second time i losed three swords when making pistol and rifle ammunition fortunately this second time i rebooted the console before it saved, so i finally didn't really lose anything . i think it might have something to do with the way the game handles building items if you make a new weapon and you already have weapons in the weapon slots, the new one is automatically assigned to your current quick inventory slot and you get two status messages as if you had picked up both the new weapon and the weapon that was replaced from the quick inventory , combined with the weird way it seems to handle some of the items. eg. first aid kits only take one inventory slot, yet sometimes if my inventory is full i can't pick up a new one even if i have only about of them and then there's the fact that weapons built with mods that don't require base weapons eg. developer mods disappear if your inventory is full... all that probably sums up as several potential wtf situations. i have only found that bug twice in the... hmmm... about hours i've spent with this game but it happens. anyway, i'm at of my second playthrough i thought i had picked up all the secondary missions on the first one, but turns out i missed quite a few.
__label__non_math	0.9999	os:windows ultimate, macbook pro, cr-chromebook from google posted july - i have been using it since release as well. its definitely the best dreamboard theme i have seen. i love how smooth it is. i love the fact that you can go to your normal "desktop" as well if you really want too. great theme i had a couple of issues with this. was you had to mess with files to get larger icons for like pictures and had to get icons for apps. i really dislike ssh to get into my phone to alter stuff. also i couldnt move the tiles around.
__label__non_math	0.9996	ask linux users what they find most annoying about linux, and many will complain about device drivers. while the vast majority of pc components and peripherals work with linux, some don't work at all, and others are marginal. a leading linux kernel developer has come up with a solution. in a recent blog and e-mail posting, kernel hacker greg kroah-hartman wrote, "the linux kernel community is offering all companies free linux driver development. no longer do you have to suffer through all of the different examples in the linux device driver kit, or pick through the thousands of example drivers in the linux kernel source tree trying to determine which one is the closest to what you need to do." that's a significant point. while many hardware vendors don't want to open up their devices' apis application programming interfaces and abis application binary interfaces to the open-source community, it's often not because they have any real secret ingredient.
__label__non_math	0.9992	about the author i'm a man of tomorrow still holding onto the joys of yesterday. i miss nick cartoons, and power rangers but i cant get enough of the time lords, and serial killers we have now. my many distractions include computers, movies, comics, and i like to imagine my life story would be scored with a mixture of death cab, a3, and a lot of kid cudi. we've entered the geekological revolution. a time of vulcan death grips, drinks with friends on tatooine, and attempting to build a freeze ray. things have changed, muscle headed bullies. the nerds rule the world now, and we reign supreme
__label__non_math	0.9998	when you use your cell phone or tablet to purchase a digital product, like an app, the charge is added to your monthly wireless bill. however, if something goes wrong with your transaction, or someone steals your device and buys apps in your name, your rights will vary wildly depending on your wireless provider and payment method. according to a recent investigation by consumers union, your wireless carrier may not protect you from fraudulent charges, especially if you re not paying with a credit or debit card. as if that wasn t bad enough, any protections you do have may not be stated in your contract. although all wireless carriers have a way of dealing with disputed payments, there s no legal precedent for them to follow except in california . in may , consumers union called on the nation s top wireless carriers to provide the same purchase protection for mobile payments guaranteed by law for credit and debit card payments. since then, they ve been regularly communicating with representatives from at t, sprint, t-mobile and verizon wireless to better understand how they handle disputed payment transactions. fraudulent charges? you ll get your money back maybe if you lose your smartphone, or someone steals it, better hope you report it before someone else racks up a bill. as of this writing, verizon wireless is the only top wireless carrier whose contract explicitly states that customers aren t liable for charges related to a lost or stolen device. at t, sprint and t-mobile will protect consumers for any charges once the lost device is reported, but prior to that, consumers may be responsible for any charges made. if you discover other kinds of fraudulent charges on your bill, things get even more complicated. cell phone billing errors occur with an alarming frequency, due to unauthorized third-party charges, also called cramming , and inevitable in-house errors. when asked by consumers union, all four major wireless carriers claimed to provide refunds for billing errors, in house or otherwise, but few clearly state this in their contracts. california s puc regulations: a good start if you re dealing with a disputed cell phone charge, california s the place to be. california s public utilities commission puc rule gives phone customers the right to withhold payment of any disputed charge while it s under investigation, and all investigations must be completed within days. however, there is no similar law in other states. additionally, not all carriers inform california customers of their rights. the at t and t-mobile service contracts mention the law briefly, but verizon wireless doesn t mention it at all. sprint s contract gets points for going above and beyond in this department: customers don t have to pay for disputed charges as long as they re reported within days, although the process for removing third-party charges can be somewhat complicated. consumers union s suggested changes consumers union would like to see consumers have more control over their mobile payments in general. in their call-to-action earlier this year, they asked wireless carriers to let customers withhold payments for disputed charges and set a cap on their monthly payments to prevent extra fees. consumers union also asked all carriers to re-credit customers for disputed charges, even if they have a prepaid phone. right now, consumers who use these pay as you go phones are especially vulnerable to payment fraud. verizon wireless currently doesn t allow prepaid customers to make mobile payment changes. at t, sprint and t-mobile allow customers to do so provisionally. protecting yourself against payment fraud so far, we ve yet to see any real changes in mobile payment fraud protection. in the mean time, consumers union recommends that mobile phone and tablet users take a few basic steps to protect themselves: - link your mobile account to a credit card. even if your wireless provider won t protect you from unauthorized charges, your credit card company will. thanks to the card act of , credit card holders are not liable for more than worth of unauthorized charges to their accounts. if you prefer not to use a credit card, a debit card is a good second choice, as these have comparable fraud protection laws. avoid linking your mobile account to a prepaid credit card or direct phone bill, as these aren t subject to the same regulations. - review your statements often. you re responsible for monitoring your bills. if you find any suspicious charges, don t wait to say something. contact your customer service provider to get things straightened out. - report unfair billing practices to an appropriate agency. is your wireless provider doing something sketchy? report it to the consumer financial protection bureau or a similar government agency. - know what you re up against. consumers union posted a breakdown of each major wireless carrier s disputed billing practices on their defend your dollars blog. read what they have to say about your provider. you ll be better prepared if a dispute comes up. subscribe to our weekly financial news digest
__label__non_math	0.9998	satisfaction guaranteed we're determined to make you happy. if you're not, we make returns exchanges easy. details there are no products matching the selection. the 1980s were a magical time in history and will never be forgotten. "if you've got it, flaunt it" and "shop til you drop" were just a few of the watchwords in the 80s. video games, aerobics, camcorders, minivans, and talk shows were a big part the 80s decade. popular tv sitcoms were married with children, the cosby show, the golden girls, and roseanne. tv tabloids such as geraldo, phil, sally, and oprah were popular. some of the top billboard songs for the decade were blondie's "call me" and the spinners' "working my way back to you." star wars and caddyshack were both movies that everyone will remember from the 80s. superman and batman were loved by many, along with buck rogers. when it came to clothes in the 's, things were big and loud. neon colors were popular and bold patterns such as circles, triangles, vertical lines, and squiggles were seen a lot. popular clothing for females was a baggy shirt over a tight bottom, whether it was jeans or a miniskirt with leggings. cool tees and awesome shirts with many different bold patterns and colors were all worn in the 80s. there were funny t shirts with cool words on them. vintage clothing was also worn by many in the 1980s and is becoming popular again in the current decade. the good news is you can purchase this cool clothing in this decade too we have many funny t shirts, shirts with star wars and space invaders characters on them, and many other cool tees. our tees are oz. preshrunk cotton shirts. we have sizes from extra small all the way up to triple extra large. we have a wide variety of novelty t shirts, funny t shirts, and vintage t shirts. are you looking for hilarious t shirts? do you need to find the most offensive t shirt to wear to a special occasion? we have many funny and offensive t shirts to choose from. we don't just offer clothing - you should check out our retro watches or hoodies category. we ship all orders by hand from our warehouse in los angeles, ca. revive the 80s when you choose clothing and accessories from our great selection
__label__non_math	0.9999	saint patricks day satisfaction guaranteed we're determined to make you happy. if you're not, we make returns exchanges easy. details there are no products matching the selection. saint patrick day's t shirts saint patrick's day is a day that everyone can partake in and join in on the festivities. saint patrick's day is often a favorite holiday, whether you're irish or not. in fact, it is often said that on saint patrick's day, everyone is a little bit irish. for this reason, many people enjoy sporting funny t shirts with saint patrick's day themes on the 17th of march, as a way to celebrate the holiday and have a little fun. we proudly sell a wide range of funny tee shirts and novelty t shirts that are perfect for the holiday, whether you are irish or not. no matter what a person's taste, we're sure to have a great option for you for saint patrick's day. we have a wide range of different saint patrick day themed shirts. some of our most popular funny t shirts include the phrase "saint patrick is my homeboy", "irish yoga", "irish you were beer" and "an irishman walks out of a bar." all the designs are making jokes in regards to the drinking that is typically associated with the celebration of saint patrick's day. all these t shirt designs are hilarious, and will be sure to get a lot of attention at the pub as you celebrate the day. our wide range of cool tees are perfect for celebrating saint patrick's day, no matter what your real nationality is. these awesome, funny shirts are great ways to start a conversation and just be festive during one of the craziest nights of the year. our saint patrick's day shirts, just like all of our products, are 6oz preshrunk cotton shirts. they are of extremely high quality that is very durable and will last for years and years. we carry our shirts in all sizes, from extra small to triple extra large. we also take the time to carefully make sure your order is perfect, as we ship all orders by hand from our warehouse in los angeles, ca. we are sure you will be thrilled with your order when you get it, and will likely be interested in looking into our other products. you should check out our retro watches or hoodies category on our website for more high quality options that include funny sayings. we also have a wide range of vintage, novelty, and video game t shirts, so no matter what you're looking for, you're sure to find it on our site.
__label__non_math	0.9925	perhaps the most versatile appliance ever made it's a convenient size for entertaining and small families. great for making a batch of chili, soup, and stews. just the right size for a pot roast, lasagna, cornish game hens or a whole chicken. perfect for potlucks, tailgating, rv's and camping. roasts, bakes, cooks, steams, slow cooks, and serves all in one. unique "circle of heat " heating element provides moist, even cooking. porcelain coated cookwell is removable for easy clean up. unique "circle of heat" heating element for moist, even cooking. full -quart capacity serves up to people. removable chrome rack for better baking and fat-free roasting. adjustable temperature control. 175 -425 f large enough to hold a chicken, pot roast, or turkey breast. 750 watts, 120 volts qt. roaster manual
__label__non_math	1.0000	two-tone cashmere dress sleek and understated, gucci's two-tone dress is at the top of our ss12 wish list. cut from luxurious cashmere, this minimalist style can be layered over silk opaques or worn on its own with bronzed legs and new-season flats - either way, it's guaranteed to leave a chic first impression. shown here with: kenneth jay lane necklace, gucci shoes, bottega veneta bag. product code: more questions? speak to an advisor. product code: - black and off-white fine-knit semi-sheer cashmere - designer-stamped cuff links - slips on - cashmere - dry clean
__label__non_math	1.0000	draped jersey dress rick owens lilies' draped black jersey dress is a short cut to the label's disheveled cool. make the look your own by adding an eclectic mix of favorite bangles and a studded bucket bag. shown here with: giles brother bracelet, chan luu bracelet, pamela love ring, stella mccartney boots, alexander wang bag. product code: more questions? speak to an advisor. product code: - black jersey - asymmetric cut, draped side - slips on - viscose, polyamide, wool, angora - hand wash
__label__non_math	1.0000	color-block wool and cashmere-blend sweater spliced with marled black and red panels, thakoon's wool and cashmere-blend sweater demonstrates the label's contemporary approach to classic shapes. team this striking pullover with a leather mini skirt and polished ankle boots to master downtown cool. shown here with: bottega veneta bracelet, aur lie bidermann cuff, giles brother cuff and bracelet, pamela love ring and ring, joseph skirt, burberry shoes and bag. product code: more questions? speak to an advisor. product code: - red, marled black and light-gray mid-weight knitted wool and cashmere-blend - ribbed trims - slips on - wool, cashmere - dry clean
__label__non_math	0.9997	oak's oxblood tank is an effortlessly cool take on this season's must-have shade. cut from the softest semi-sheer jersey with a dropped armhole and a raw hem, simply pair this skin-flashing style with dark denim to nail the new york label's downtown dressing. large to size. see size fit tab. shown here with: eddie borgo cuff, philippe audibert bracelet, faith connexion leggings, alexander wang shoes, proenza schouler bag. product code: more questions? speak to an advisor. product code: - oxblood semi-sheer jersey - single dropped armhole, intentionally raw curved hem - rayon - hand wash
__label__non_math	1.0000	woven jersey peplum maxi dress city girls love alice olivia's chic take on evening dressing and, featuring a peplum waist and mesh-paneled back, this woven jersey maxi dress is an effortless way to look glamorous after dark. the figure-shaping cut and classic black hue ensure an elegant silhouette. adding statement accessories will take this wear-forever design from cool to contemporary - think gilded accents and vertiginous studded heels. shown here with: oscar de la renta ring, stella mccartney belt, jason wu shoes, kotur clutch. product code: more questions? speak to an advisor. product code: - black woven jersey - peplum, mesh back panel - slips on - rayon, nylon, spandex - dry clean
__label__non_math	0.9997	floral-print silk-blend organza dress printed with impressionist-inspired florals, lela rose's diaphanous silk-blend dress is modern and romantic. this organza runway style features cap sleeves, a narrow waist and full skirt - a flattering choice for your most special occasions. keep it classically beautiful with gold jewelry. large to size. see size fit tab. shown here with: herv van der straeten cuff, aur lie bidermann ring, jimmy choo shoes, charlotte olympia bag. product code: more questions? speak to an advisor. product code: - multicolored sheer silk-blend organza - sheen finish, sheer yoke, cap sleeves, floral print at hem, internal boning, partially lined - concealed hook and zip fastening at side - silk, nylon; lining: silk - dry clean
__label__non_math	1.0000	cisco updates security exam, adds new specialty cisco systems recently announced on its web site that it has launched an updated securing cisco network devices snd exam as well as a new security-related specialty title. the new snd exam 642-552 covers "implementing basic authentication, authorization, and accounting aaa , cisco intrusion detection system intrusion protection system ids ips sensors, cisco vpn series concentrators, and employing access control lists acls ," the company said. by subscribing to our early morning news update, you will receive a daily digest of the latest security news published on help net security. with over 500 issues so far, reading our newsletter every monday morning will keep you up-to-date with security risks out there.
__label__non_math	1.0000	doj, states concerned about vista docs in antitrust case he u.s. department of justice and state attorneys general are concerned that microsoft corp. is revising deadlines that it agreed to as part of its antitrust settlement. at issue are changes microsoft says it needs to make in the schedule for releasing documentation related to vista, according to a court document filed tuesday. by subscribing to our early morning news update, you will receive a daily digest of the latest security news published on help net security. with over 500 issues so far, reading our newsletter every monday morning will keep you up-to-date with security risks out there.
__label__non_math	0.9999	"it's inexcusable for scientists to torture animals; let them make their experiments on journalists and politicians." -henrik ibsen i've been looking at codeigniter, cakephp, and symfony for a potential upcoming project. it seems to me that codeigniter is the best fit for this requirement. i've read a lot of conflicting reviews, many with the tenor of religious fervor. one of the least crazy is from steve jamesson. he leans towards cakephp, but his application differs from mine. submit your webmaster related sites to the nb directory i swear, by my life and my love of it, that i will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine. if i were going to go with a framework or change , i think zend would be high on my list these guys pretty much invented what we know today as php, and they have some of the best in the industry. i visited their office here in silicon valley, and it was kind of cool to see some of the people that have made so much possible to everyone. i go by that area sometimes. i'll have to take a picture of their office sometime.
__label__non_math	0.7334	california energy commission efficiency program the california energy commission s cec energy efficiency program covers external power adapters manufactured after or depending on the intended application. the program requires a minimum efficiency level during active and no-load modes of operation. netgear is currently shipping north america print servers with external power adapters which meet the stricter cec regulations. netgear intends to comply with the cec external power adapter regulations for all north america products manufactured by .
__label__non_math	0.9928	steven conrad born is an american screenwriter and film producer and director. born in fort lauderdale, florida, conrad briefly attended florida state university before transferring to northwestern university, where he majored in english. shortly after graduation he sold his first screenplay, wrestling ernest hemingway, adapted from a short story he had written for a creative writing class. eleven years passed before he tackled his next project, lawrence melm, which he scripted and directed. he followed this with the weather man which he also produced and the pursuit of happyness. he wrote, directed, and edited his latest film, the promotion, which premiered at south by southwest in march and is scheduled to be released by dimension films later in the year. potential future projects include an adaptation of the chang-rae lee novel aloft for scott rudin; chad schmidt, about a talented actor with a slight resemblance to brad pitt; and the expanding mailman with jack black . conrad is the brother of actor chris conrad. he lives in chicago with his wife and son. chicago reader, steven conrad at the internet movie database conrad interview at sxsw newpp limit report preprocessor node count: post-expand include size: bytes template argument size: bytes expensive parser function count: 500 retrieved from " categories: american screenwriters edit this page log in create account donate to wikipedia what links here printable version permanent linkcite this page this page was last modified on may , at . all text is available under the terms of the gnu free documentation license. see copyrights for details. wikipedia is a registered trademark of the wikimedia foundation, inc., a u.s. registered 501 c tax-deductible nonprofit charity.
__label__non_math	1.0000	russia announced this week that it would no longer work to disarm nuclear and chemical weapons under the u.s. program known as nunn lugar. this was a very successful program that reduced russia's stockpiles of weapons of mass destruction over the past years. u.s. money and expertise drove the program, but now the russians believe they have plenty of both to continue the job on their own. npr's mike shuster reports.
__label__non_math	1.0000	netqast.com produces and delivers music podcasts that offer unprecedented access to independent artists and undiscovered music. netqast is the only web-based music service that finds, packages, and tells the stories of the best independent talent, and delivers it directly to your web-enabled device. discover artists, discover music, discover your rhythm. artists wanted. music needed. fans waiting. be featured on our music podcasts and in our music store. create unique content to promote your music. increase your exposure and grow your fan base.
__label__non_math	0.9783	netwellness is a global, community service providing quality, unbiased health information from our partner university faculty. netwellness is commercial-free and does not accept advertising. saturday, addiction and substance abuse later effects of substance abuse my husband actively abused drugs and alcohol from his teens to early s. he s now in his s and is having memory problems along with other physical ailments. i wondered if there have been studies done to understand the long term effects especially on the brain of substance abuse; and what the difference is with later long term abstinence. thank you for your question about what sounds like a very difficult situation. there are some things that are known ... and some that are unknown. alcohol abuse is by far the most damaging to the brain and nervous system, and tends to be an immediate thing - meaning that once a person is sober for several months, the toxic effects of alcohol either "freeze" where they are or even resolve gradually to some degree. it is not typical for past alcohol problems to produce progressive new on-going brain effects. the drugs that have the most brain effects are pcp lsd marijuana and amphetamines - especially methamphetamine. generally cocaine and opioids heroin and other prescription pain medicines do not produce long-term damage to the brain nervous system. if a person suffered pretty severe liver damage from either alcoholic cirrhosis, or hepatitis c or b, or a combination, then this can certainly produce progressive deterioration in brain function many years to decades later. it is the same situation if a person was infected by hiv as a consequence of their addictive disease. that is the bad news. the good news is that if he is truly sober, then be sure that none of the following reversible or fairly treatable causes are not active for him. be sure that he is: - not on prescription drugs that are potentially addictive. - not on other non-addictive medicines that can cause brain function problems. anything from some blood pressure medications to psychiatric medications to anti-seizure medications can cause brain function problems and result in deterioration. - receiving plenty of vitamins and a well-balanced diet. - not hypothyroid. - not depressed or impaired from any other psychiatric disease. - not suffering from low oxygen emphysema copd . - not suffering from a toxic exposure like heavy metals. hope this guidance helps a little bit. ted parran, md associate professor of general medical sciences school of medicine case western reserve university
__label__non_math	1.0000	happy birthday to your lovely darling kid scoring disabled. you must be logged in to score posts.
__label__non_math	0.9997	i have started an ironman game with the amazon. i read thru the rules and it mentions a one-time id from cain as an act1 bonus. say by the time i save cain, i have items unidentified laying on ground in town, can i have him id all of them or just one inventory full? what is acceptable? thanks. posted on , from ip address 184.108..206
__label__non_math	0.9992	dragon steps into the areana, looking around at his surrondings, he then transforms into his vampire human form of jade i'm coming scoring disabled. you must be logged in to score posts. i am interested in playing, but i need to know what type of game it is. i cannot gm due to a busy schedule. when would this game be run? i am very interested as i currently have no group to play with and am having a bit of gaming withdrawl
__label__non_math	0.5884	yes ladies the dreaded sat fast approaches. sat's are to be written this week-end at a loacation near you. good luck to all. remember thought that the act, a much more canadian friendly test, is the 23rd. of october also at a centre near you in the gta. a test your kindly old prof particularly recommends if you wish to go south.
__label__non_math	1.0000	. april a-400 advanced network setup now available firmware: a-400 may just got your nmt you are either not logged in or do not have permission to view this page. this could be because one of the following reasons: - you are not logged in or registered. please use the form at the bottom of this page to login. - you do not have permission to access this page. are you trying to access administrative pages or a resource that you shouldn't be? check in the forum rules that you are allowed to perform this action. - your account may have been disabled by an administrator, or it may be awaiting account activation. - you have accessed this page directly rather than using appropriate forms or links.
__label__non_math	1.0000	john edwards on web .apps aren't just for kids anymore. a growing number of enterprises are discovering the power of next-generation web tools to improve employee communication, enhance customer service and spur productivity. perhaps the most powerful web .app is wiki technology. while wikipedia has received its share of knocks over the past several months, enterprise wikis controlled solely by in-house managers provide a fast and efficient way of sharing information. wikis are used by many major enterprises, including disney, nokia, intuit, lockheed martin, ibm and even the u.s. central intelligence agency. electronic publishing software developer quark uses dekibox, a wiki appliance from san diego-based mindtouch. quark, located in denver, relies on dekibox to provide its employees with continuously updated information on the next release of its flagship quarkxpress software. blogs are now so popular and widely used that it's easy to forget they really are a web .technology. blogs are useful for expressing management's position to employees on a variety of topics sales, security, strategies and so on. blogs can also be used to keep business partners and customers up to date on important issues. londonderry, n.h.-based yogurt and ice-cream maker stonyfield farm uses blogs as a part of its promotional strategy. the technology enables the company's healthy eating experts to share their wisdom with customers. google's blogger is the most popular blogging tool, and one of the easiest to use. blogs can either be hosted internally by blogger, externally on a business's own domain or on the business's own server. rss and other news-feed tools are the web .way to bring vital information from a variety of informed sources to employees, business partners and customers. traction software of providence, r.i. offers traction teampage, a web .app that helps business harvest, organize and share business-critical knowledge. the product draws information from emails, the web, microsoft office and many other applications into a single-page dynamic hypertext system. the software can be plugged into an existing server infrastructure or operate in standalone fashion on an intranet or extranet. nhs orkney, the smallest public health board in scotland, is using news feeds to become the leading-edge health care organization in scotland for internal and external communications. nhs orkney programmer david rendall, noting that he saved a tremendous amount of time using news feeds, decided to develop something that could save time for the entire 600-member organization. he installed teampage to provide a single, central point of reference for information and news, and lots of flexible ways to present and subscribe to information both from within and outside the organization. another powerful information web .technology is content tagging and social bookmarking, an app that lets employees quickly share important web pages and documents. connectbeam of redwood city, calif., is a leading player in this field, offering enterprises software that lets employees share bookmarks and tag articles, pages and documents with descriptive words. morristown, n.j.-based honeywell is one of the companies using connectbeam's tagging bookmarking software. the technology helps honeywell knowledge workers locate and manage information while easily networking with colleagues' knowledge, interests and skills in a secure, behind-the-firewall implementation. motorola is perhaps the world's most aggressive adopter of web .technologies. the company currently runs ,400 blogs and ,200 wiki pages. it also has ,600 employees doing content tagging and social bookmarking. while not every company can hope to duplicate motorola's web .enthusiasm, perhaps it's time your organization got started.
__label__non_math	1.0000	nevada public library's board of trustees appointed jodi polk as the library director on nov. . polk has been on staff at the public library since and had served as assistant director since . as assistant director, polk successfully sought a ,520 grant from the missouri state library to support the program this past summer. this was the first grant awarded to the library to support the summer reading program, and the sizable program reflected the possibilities of services the library could offer to the community, a news release said. polk piloted the first teen summer reading program and community outreach bookmobile last year. she assisted sarah swearingen and susan mcbeth in the eight-week youth program, which served more than 300 children ages through fifth grade. the teen program was attended by over middle school and high school students. collectively the teens read more than 175 books. the readers published book reviews to enter a drawing held to win a kindle fire. the outreach program delivered 100 books to the osage prairie y day campers each week. camp readers completed the incentive program with the other youth, but had access to books while at the camp that they would not have had without the program. "i am committed to promoting the value of the library to our community and i look forward to being a part of the library's expansion of services", polk said. jodi has lived in nevada, mo., since . she and her husband, darren, have three children, samuel, krista, and mitchell.
__label__non_math	0.9965	the name, before the roman conquest in 146 b.c., of a strip of land between the gulf of corinth in the north and elis and arcadia in the south, embracing twelve cities leagued together. the achaean league was prominent in the struggle of the greeks against roman domination. it is probably due to this fact that the name was afterwards extended to the whole country south of macedonia and illyricum, corresponding approximately to modern greece. during the roman period achaia was usually governed as a senatorial province. the governor was an ex-praetor of rome, and bore the title of proconsul. corinth was the capital. when st. paul came into achaia acts , gallio, a brother of seneca, was proconsul. his refusal to interfere in the religious affairs of the jews and the tolerance of his administration favoured the spread of christianity. in corinth the apostle founded a flourishing church. in his second epistle to the corinthians, he salutes christians "in all achaia" : and commends their charity : . ramsay in hastings, dict. of the bible; mommsen, provinces of the roman empire rom. gesch. , v, vii. apa citation. . achaia. in the catholic encyclopedia. new york: robert appleton company. mla citation. "achaia." the catholic encyclopedia. vol. . new york: robert appleton company, . ecclesiastical approbation. nihil obstat. . remy lafort, s.t.d., censor. imprimatur. john cardinal farley, archbishop of new york. contact information. the editor of new advent is kevin knight. my email address is feedback732 at newadvent.org. to help fight spam, this address might change occasionally. regrettably, i can't reply to every letter, but i greatly appreciate your feedback especially notifications about typographical errors and inappropriate ads.
__label__non_math	0.9925	california, the largest and most important of the pacific coast states, is the second state of the united states in point of area, and the twenty-first in point of population. it is bounded on the north by the state of oregon; on the east by the state of nevada and, for a comparatively short distance, by the territory of arizona; on the south by the peninsula of lower california mexico ; and on the west by the pacific ocean. it lies entirely between and n. lat., and between and w. long. it is 800 miles long, running in a north-westerly and south-easterly direction, and has an average width of 200 miles. according to the official returns of the united states census of , its total area is 158,360 square miles. of this number ,188 square miles constitute the water area; the total land area, therefore, is 156,172 square miles. the capital of the state is sacramento, with a population of ,000. san francisco, built on san francisco bay, is the metropolis, with a population of 342,000. the other chief cities, with a population according to the united states census of , are los angeles, 102,000; oakland, ,000; san jos , ,000; san diego, ,000; stockton, ,000; alameda, ,000; berkeley and fresno, ,000. these figures have been enormously increased since . the estimated population of the three largest cities in january, , was as follows: san francisco, 400,000; oakland, 276,000; and los angeles, 245,000. the state presents two systems of mountains which converge at mount shasta, in the north, and tehachapi, in the south. the outer, or western, range is called the coast range, and is close to the sea, in some places coming down precipitately to the water's edge; the eastern range is called the sierra nevada. the latter is considerably higher than the former, and in several peaks reaches a height of more than ,000 feet. the sierra nevadas extend along the eastern border of the state for about 450 miles; they are but a portion, physically, of the cascade range, which traverses also the states of oregon and washington. the sierra nevada range is practically unbroken throughout the entire length of the state of california, the coast range is broken by the magnificent harbour of san francisco. both of these ranges follow the general contour of the coast line. between them lies a great valley which is drained by the sacramento river in the north and the san joaquin river in the south. these two rivers, navigable by steamers for about 100 miles from their mouth in san francisco bay, constitute a great parent water-system of california, and both empty into the harbour of san francisco, which is situated approximately midway between the northern and southern extremities of the state. the sierra nevada mountains form the great watershed from which are fed most of the rivers and streams of california. the combined valleys of the sacramento and the san joaquin rivers are approximately 500 miles long, and have an average width of miles. this area, the surface of which is quite level, is one of the most fertile regions in the world. in addition to those already mentioned, the divisions of the mountain ranges form numerous smaller valleys. the principal of these are sonoma, napa, ukiah, vaca, contra costa, and alameda valleys in the north; and santa clara, pajaro, and salinas valleys in the south. south of the tehachapi range, in southern california, is another low-lying stretch of country which has become the centre of the citrus industry and the home of a large variety of semi-tropical fruits. in the south-eastern part of the state and east of the mountains is the low-lying desert region consisting of the mojave desert and death valley. owing to the great height of the sierra nevada mountains and their comparative proximity to the sea, the numerous streams, fed from their glaciers and perpetual snows, afford abundant water-power throughout their steep descent to the sea. this power is utilized for generating light and operating mills and factories. california has one of the finest harbours in the world, san francisco bay, capable of accommodating the combined navies of the world. there are five other bays forming good harbours, san diego, san pedro, humboldt, santa barbara, and monterey bays. the 800 miles of california's length from north to south are equal to the combined length of ten states on the atlantic seaboard; the northern line of california is on the same latitude as boston, and the southern line is that of savannah, georgia. the entire state is subject to the beneficent influence of the japan current. the climate is equable; except in the high mountains, snow and the extremes of cold, experienced in the same latitudes on the atlantic coast, are unknown. there are, in reality, but two seasons: the wet and the dry. the wet or rainy season lasts from about september to april, during which the rains are occasional, alternating with clear weather. during the entire summer the winds from the west and south-west blow over the coast, keeping the weather cool, and not infrequently bringing in cold fogs towards evening. but it is chiefly in the balminess of its winters that the climate of california excels. it is never too cold to work outdoors, and the citrus fruits, semi-tropical as they are, grow to perfection throughout the valleys of california. the records of the climate left by early franciscan missionaries who evangelized california are duplicated by those of the government weather bureau of today. the population of california, according to the united states census of , is ,485,053, or .per square mile. this figure constitutes an increase of .percent upon the population of . the following table, taken from the united states census of , exhibits the population of california in each census year since its admission into the federal union, its rank among the states in point of population, and the percentage of increase in its population during the period of ten years between each census: the census of also presents the following details of population: a white, ,402,727; african, ,045; indian, ,377; chinese, ,753; japanese, ,151. b native-born, ,117,813; foreign-born, 367,240; c males, 820,531; females, 664,522. the estimated population of california january, is ,217,897, an increase of 732,844, or .percent since the census of . the soil of the state of california is rich and highly productive. it consists for the most part of alluvial deposits. this is especially true of the delta lands of the sacramento and san joaquin rivers. much of the so-called desert land consists of a rich subsoil covered with but a thin crust of sand. the value of irrigation in making this desert land productive, as well as in enriching the soil by bearing to it the washed-out life-principles from the uplands, is almost incalculable. the soil readily responds to the plough, and there is no hard, tough subsoil to be turned and mellowed. california has approximately ,000,000 acres of arable land. to this must be added fully ,000,000 acres of its so-called desert land, which needs but the touch of water from its irrigation systems to make it as productive as the valley or farm lands. the remaining ,000,000 acres of california's domain, the mountainous and desert acreage, afford pasturage for millions of cattle and sheep. the chief products of the soil of california are hay, grain, fruits, wines, lumber, dairy produce, and livestock. it may be safely said that, in the combined values of these products, california is the richest in the united states. ships loaded with her grain at san francisco bay carry their precious cargoes to every port in the world; her fruits, packed in special cars and shipped by fast freight, are the first choice in chicago and new york, and find a ready market in london; her wines have given a standard of excellence to american wines, and "american wines" means "california wines" the world over. the total value of all california's agricultural products, according to the census of , was 213,000,000. the following table presents the total output of agricultural products in detail for the year : asparagus ,000,000 pounds almonds ,200,000 pounds apricots 585,000 pounds apples 132,455,000 pounds beans 125,000,000 pounds barley ,000,000 bushels brandy ,070,992 gallons citrus fruits ,220,000 boxes canned fruits and veg. ,475,751 cases corn ,000,000 bushels cherries ,382,000 pounds figs ,000 pounds grapes ,224,000 pounds hops ,000 bales hay ,000,000 tonnes lumber 900,000,000 feet pears ,390,000 pounds peaches ,015,000 pounds plums ,938,000 pounds prunes 180,000,000 pounds raisins 100,000,000 pounds other dried fruit ,000,000 pounds olive oil ,000 gallons potatoes ,500,000 bushels walnuts ,800,000 pounds wool ,000,000 pounds wheat ,700,000 centals wine ,000,000 gallons the total annual output of fruit from california farms is ,000,000, and this is made up of all known fruits that grow in temperate and semi-tropical climates. in the year there were ,000,000 fruit trees in california; this figure does not include nuts, figs, olives, or berries. six million of these fruit trees belong to santa clara valley alone. the principal fruit trees are as follows: apple trees, ,000,000; apricot trees, ,500,000; cherry trees, ,000,000; peach trees, ,500,000; pear trees, ,000,000; orange trees, ,000,000; lemon trees, ,000,000. there are 272,500 acres of land devoted to the cultivation of grapes: 250,000 for wine, and ,500 for table grapes. the total value of the output in manufactures in , according to the census, was 400,000,000. the chief elements contributing to california's success in manufactures are an abundance of raw material from her soil, cheap fuel from her forests, and cheap power from her streams. the heaviest items of manufacture are sugar, lumber and timber products, flour, machinery, and leather goods. during the total output of sugar was ,110 tons. the discovery of rich deposits of petroleum has given an impetus to manufactures that is already far-reaching in its results. in there were ,582 manufacturing plants in california, representing a total investment of ,786,776, and for materials, ,602. mining is still one of the most important industries of california, notwithstanding that the flood of population first lured to her mountains by the discovery of gold has long ago been turned to agriculture and commerce. there are some forty-seven mineral substances now being mined in the state. the value of the total output in was ,000,000. gold, petroleum, and copper are now the most valuable items of this output. in the same year there were ,107 producing mines in the state. the value of the gold output was ,460,000; copper, 904,000; petroleum, ,000,000; ,000,000 barrels of oil were produced in . there are also large and valuable deposits of brick and pottery clays, lime, asphaltum, bitumen, and iron ore. twenty-two per cent of the area of the state is forest-clad, and the importance of the lumber industry in california increases each year as the mountains of the east and the north are denuded of their trees. california is the home of the redwood sequoia . these remarkable trees attain a height of three hundred feet in the famous groves of big trees in mariposa and calveras counties. redwood and pine are the two principle woods. it is estimated that, without the growth of another tree, the forests of california can not be exhausted for two hundred years. san francisco alone sends 400,000,000 feet of lumber to the world each year. the total output of the state for was 900,000,000 feet. there are ,000,000--the lumber itself amounting to ,500,000. throughout the splendid harbour of san francisco passes by far the greatest part of the ocean commerce of california, as well as of the entire pacific coast. the harbours of the state now carry on an ocean commerce of about ,193,303; exports 119,212,911, and in san francisco was fourth among the cities of the united states in point of customs receipts. besides the ocean commerce of california with every port of the world which passes through her harbours, she has direct communication by rail with every quarter of the united states. four great transcontinental railroads carry her goods and passengers to and from her cities, and a fifth is now nearing completion. in the total railroad mileage of the state was ,532. the educational system of the state commences with primary schools and continues through grammar schools and high schools, culminating in the state university. these are all public schools, being supported by the state and counties, and affording free education to all. the state constitution creates the office of superintendent of public instruction; it also provides for a superintendent of schools for each of the fifty-seven counties of the state. it makes provision for the maintenance of the public school system, and directs that the proceeds of all public lands and of all escheated estates shall be appropriated to the support of the common schools. the state university is situated at berkeley on the bay of san francisco. it was created by act of the legislature on , march, , and this act is confirmed by the present constitution that of , making the organization and government of the university perpetual. the university is designed for the education of male and female students alike, and in fact the principle of co-education is recognized and put in practice in nearly all state educational institutions. the total number of professors, including the various officers of instruction and research, in the university of california, for the year ending june, , was 318, as follows: academic, 252; art, ; lick astronomical observatory, ; law, ; medicine, ; pharmacy, . the total number of students for the same period was ,338, of whom ,007 were men, and ,331 women, the women being nearly percent of the total enrollment. this percentage is far higher in the colleges of letters, social sciences, and natural sciences, in which, as an average, the women outnumber the men more than two to one. the college of agriculture, as well as several other technological colleges, including the college of mechanics, the college of mining, the college of commerce, the college of civil engineering, and the college of chemistry, are designed to afford a complete technical training in their respective branches. the affiliated colleges of the university, being the schools of law, medicine, pharmacy, and dentistry, are situated in san francisco; there are several experiment stations for which the university receives 100 of taxable property in the state is levied, and applied to the support of the university. but four of the fifty-seven counties of the state have no high school, and some counties have several. there are also five normal schools, situated respectively at san francisco, los angeles, san jos , san diego, and chico. in addition to these there are night schools, technical schools, and commercial schools in all the large cities of the state. the public school system of the state was founded in the constitutional convention at monterey, in september, . the 500,000 acres of land granted by congress to new states for the purpose of internal improvement were appropriated to constitute a perpetual school fund. it was also provided that a school should be kept in each district at least three months each year to secure any share of the state school funds. in the school year ending june, , there were ,227 primary and grammar schools in the state, and 117 high schools. the total number of teachers in the public schools was ,371; the total number of pupils, 321,870. the total number of pupils in private schools was ,080. california has been more than lavish in her provision for her public school system. the total income of her public schools during the scholastic year was ,860,341. this does not include the state university. the total income of the state university for the same period was ,000,000. like the university of california, it is co-educational, but the number of women students is limited to 500. the university was opened to students in . the work of religious education in california is confined almost exclusively to institutions under catholic auspices. in california the catholic church, notwithstanding that she receives no financial aid from the state, and that the support of her schools and colleges must be derived entirely from contributions of the faithful, has done great things in the cause of christian education. the great pioneers of catholic education in california were the jesuits. in santa clara college was founded by the venerable father john nobili, s.j. this was followed, four years later, by the establishment of st. ignatius college in san francisco under the leadership of the rev. anthony maraschi, s.j. from the days of these small beginnings the zeal of those charged with the education of catholic youth has been untiring, progress has been steady, and the results already achieved have more than compensated for the sacrifices and expenditures which the work entailed. the following figures for the year will give some idea of the importance of catholic education in california: archdiocesan seminary, seminaries of religious orders, normal school, colleges, academies and high schools for boys, academies for girls, parochial schools, ,814 young people under catholic care . besides the institutions just mentioned there are numerous orphan asylums, industrial school, infant asylums, day homes and a protectory for boys to which is attached a boys' industrial farm at rutherford. in addition to the colleges in charge of the jesuits already mentioned, the christian brothers conduct sacred heart college in san francisco, and st. mary's college in oakland. st. vincent's college, in los angeles, is under the care of the vincentian fathers. there are several other universities and colleges, as well as numerous grammar, primary and secondary schools and kindergartens, under private management. the origin of the name california has been the subject of some conjecture; but certain it is that by the end of the sixteenth century it was applied to all the territory claimed by the spanish crown, bordering on the pacific ocean and lying north of cape san lucas. in a much later day it came to designate, under the familiar phrase, "the two californias", the territory now included in the state of california, and the peninsula of lower california. after florida, california is the oldest name of any of the united states. the land was discovered by the spaniards--lower california by cortez who visited the peninsula in ; and alta or upper california by cabrillo, in . lower california had been evangelized by the jesuits who established eighteen missions between and . upon the expulsion of the jesuits in the latter year, the care of the missions and the conversion of the indians in the spanish settlements were entrusted to the franciscans. to them therefore belongs the honour of founding the great mission system of california proper. the leader of this gigantic work was the renowned father jun pero serra, and his first settlement in california was the mission of san diego, which he established in july, . san francisco was founded in . for fifteen years the saintly man laboured in california with apostolic zeal, and at the time of his death in , he established nine missions between san diego and san francisco. the total number of missions founded in california by the franciscans was twenty-one, and they extended from sonoma in the north to san diego in the south. prominent among them were santa clara, san luis, obispo, santa barbara, and san juan capistrano. the missions were all established under the sovereignty of the king of spain; each mission had its church, a residence for the fathers, a presidio, or military guard, and shops and workrooms for the indians, who, besides receiving instruction in the faith, were taught the useful arts of civilization. see california missions. each mission was established in conjunction with a spanish settlement under a civil governor, and during this period, the immigration was almost exclusively spanish and mexican. in california ceased to be a spanish colony and became part of the territory of mexico. from that date begins the decline of the missions; the policy of the government became one of annoyance, interference, and aggression. finally, in , began the secularization of the missions, which was in fact their downright confiscation. the fathers were deprived of their lands and buildings; and the indians freed from the benevolent government of the friars. the results were disastrous. the indians were scattered and dispersed, and many of them lapsed into barbarism. the missions themselves were destroyed. this confiscation forms one of the saddest injustices in history. the temporal wrongs done at this time were partially righted in by the award of the international tribunal of arbitration at the hague, in the case of the pious fund, which adjudged the payment by mexico to the united states for the catholic church in california, of the accrued interest of the fund. when taken over by president santa anna in , the total value of the pious fund estates was estimated at ,700,000. in the first emigrant train of americans entered the present territory of california. from that year onward there was a gradual influx of americans, most of whom engaged in trading, hunting, prospecting, cattle-raising, and farming. as the american population increased there were frequent misunderstandings and clashes with the mexican authorities, some of them not altogether creditable to the americans. commodore jones made an unauthorized seizure of monterey in . the united states government subsequently disavowed his acts and made apologies to mexico. in a party of americans seized sonoma, captured the commandant, and proclaimed the independence of the republic of california. the young republic chose the bear flag as its emblem. in a few weeks news was received of hostilities between the united states and mexico; the bear flag gave place to the american flag; and monterey, san francisco, sonoma, and sutter's fort were soon in the hands of the americans. california was finally ceded to the united states, on the conclusion of the war with mexico, by the treaty of guadeloupe hidalgo, proclaimed july, . in january, , gold was discovered by james w. coloma, on the american river. the news spread like wildfire, and by the early part of a mighty tide of immigration had set in. the gold-seekers came from every section of the united states, and from europe. in that year more than ,000 men arrived in california. these men were afterwards called the "forty-niners". some of them came from australia; some, from new york and europe by way of cape horn; some crossed the isthmus of panama; while a large number came across the plains in caravans, on horseback, and even on foot. fortune awaited thousands of these pioneers in the rich placer mines, and california became the richest gold-producing state in the united states. but thousands of those who were unsuccessful in their quest for gold, found even greater and more lasting wealth in tilling the rich soil and engaging in commerce. after the excitement caused by the discovery of gold had subsided, a steady stream of immigration began, and continues to the present time. the foreign immigrants have been chiefly irish, german, english, canadian, italian, and french, though there are also considerable numbers of portuguese and swedes. as shown in the tables already presented, more than seventy five percent of the total population in was native-born. so rapid was the growth of population after the discovery of gold, that in a constitution was adopted by the convention at monterey, and california was admitted into the union of states by act of congress on september, . that day has ever since been a legal holiday, and is generally celebrated and referred to as admission day. peter h. burnett was elected first governor of the new state and served during and . all sorts of men found their way into the new el dorado, as it was called. most of them were hardy, industrious, and honest--these were the true pioneers. but there was a considerable admixture of the reckless and daredevil element, criminals and desperadoes, who sought fortune and adventure in the new gold diggings. in there was a veritable carnival of crime in san francisco which the lawfully constituted authorities were unable to suppress. the citizens of the city organized themselves into a vigilance committee and punished crimes and criminals in summary fashion. the members of the committee were known as "vigilantes", and were for the most part honest and reputable men, who resorted to these measures only from motives of necessity and duty, in the disturbed condition of the government. a similar condition arose again in and was met by the same remedy. it must be said that the trials of the vigilance committee, while informal, were in the main fair, and the punishments inflicted richly deserved. large numbers of chinese coolies had emigrated to california ever since ; the influx was greatest during the building of the central pacific railroad which was completed in . a strong anti-chinese sentiment developed, due chiefly to three principal objections made against them: they worked for wages much lower than white men; they spent little of their earnings; they rarely established homes, but lived together in large numbers and in unclean surroundings. the agitation grew to tremendous proportions, provoked serious riots, and finally resulted in the so-called chinese exclusion acts which have been enacted periodically by congress since . there were at one time over 100,000 chinese in california. in the number had decreased to ,753; and it is now much smaller. in the australian ballot was introduced at state elections. among other important political events of the last twenty-five years was the prohibition of hydraulic mining, which had destroyed immense areas for agriculture and had choked up river beds with the accumulation of detritus; also the passage of numerous beneficial laws for the promotion of irrigation, for the fumigation of fruit trees, and for the importation of predatory insects for the purpose of destroying insect pests. the present constitution of california was adopted in . during the spanish-american war and the subsequent american occupation of the philippines, san francisco has been the chief depot for the transportation of troops and supplies. on april, , one of the greatest earthquakes recorded in history visited the coast of california; it was most severe in san francisco. fire started simultaneously in a dozen quarters and burned incessantly for three days. all but the western and southern parts of the city were consumed. the city, as a city, was destroyed. the loss of life is estimated at 500, and of property at 200,000,000 have been expended december, on improvements in the 497 city blocks that were destroyed. the territory of the state of california is divided, ecclesiastically, into the archdiocese of san francisco, the diocese of monterey and los angeles, and the diocese of sacramento. the first includes the city of san francisco and the central and more westerly counties of the state. the second includes all of southern california. the third embraces the entire northern part of the state, as well as nearly half of the state of nevada. with the exception of the diocese of sacramento, their boundaries are conterminous with those of the state. the diocese of salt lake, in utah, and the dioceses of sacramento and of monterey and los angeles are suffragan to the archdiocese of san francisco. the catholic population of california is estimated at 344,000 , made up as follows: archdiocese of san francisco, 227,000; diocese of sacramento, ,000; diocese of monterey and los angeles, ,000. by far the greater portion of these are white, the total of blacks, indians, and chinese being less than five percent. from , the year which saw the foundation of san diego, until the second expedition of fremont , the settlers and immigrants were chiefly catholic, being natives of spain and mexico. the discovery of gold in was immediately followed by an inrush of thousands of immigrants. these gold-seekers were mostly americans, but there was also a large proportion of foreigners. from that time until the present, the immigration has been steadily on the increase, the catholic part of it being chiefly irish, irish-american, italian, french, and german. the first governor of california, peter h. burnett, was a convert to the catholic faith. stephen m. white, who represented california in the senate of the united states, was one of the first graduates of the jesuit college at santa clara. he was an astute lawyer, a brilliant orator, and a tireless worker. e. w. mckinstry, like judge burnett, was a convert to the faith; and like him, also, was a member of the supreme bench. judge mckinstry was a man of deep erudition, a fine constitutional lawyer, and an exemplary catholic. w. g. lorigan, a catholic, was also chosen to the supreme bench. joseph mckenna, another california catholic, became a justice of the supreme court of the united states , and james f. smith, general in the united states army, member of the philippine commission, and governor-general of the philippine islands, is another alumnus of santa clara college. garret w. mcenerney, one of the leaders of the california bar, who won international fame by his masterful presentation of the claims of the catholic church in california to the pious fund q.v. before the tribunal arbitration at the hague in , graduated at st. mary's college. the following statistics of the catholic church in california are taken from the catholic directory for : archbishop, ; bishops, ; total priests, 488; secular, 321; religious, 167; total churches, 366; churches with resident priests, 209; missions with churches, 157; stations, 119; seminary, ; seminaries of religious orders, ; colleges and academies for boys, ; academies for young ladies, ; parishes with parochial schools, ; orphan asylums, ; total young people under catholic care, ,814; catholic population, 344,000. there are houses or monasteries of jesuits, dominicans, franciscans, paulists, marists, selesians, christian brothers, and brothers of mary. the catholic sisterhoods are almost all represented. the total number of churches was ; total value of church property, ,961,914; total number of communicants, 280,619. of course, these figures have been greatly increased since that time. catholics do not recognize any such enumeration as "communicants"; the total for this head therefore underestimates the catholic population. the constitutional provision safeguarding religious freedom is ample and specific. it reads as follows: "the free exercise and enjoyment of religious profession and worship, without discrimination or preference, shall be forever guaranteed by this state; and no person shall be rendered incompetent to be a witness or juror on account of his opinions on matters of religious belief; but the liberty of conscience hereby secured shall not be so construed as to excuse acts of licentiousness, or justify practices inconsistent with the peace or safety of this state." the constitution prohibits the appropriation of money from the state treasury for the use or benefit of any corporation, association, asylum, hospital, or any other institution not under the exclusive management and control of the state as a state institution. but there is, nevertheless, a proviso authorizing the granting of state aid to institutions conducted for the support of maintenance of "minor orphans, or half-orphans, or abandoned children, or aged persons in indigent circumstances". the constitution also expressly prohibits the appropriation of money in support of any sectarian creed, church, or school. the policy of the state is to afford the fullest measure of religious liberty to all, to discriminate in favour of, or against, no one on account of religious belief, and not to permit the power or resources of the state to be used for the propagation of any form of religion or for the benefit of any religious institution. every sunday is by express legislative enactment a legal holiday civil code, ; on that day all courts are closed, and business is universally suspended. any act required by law or contract to be done or performed on a particular day which happens to fall on a sunday, may be done or performed on the next day with full legal effect. but there is no law compelling the religious observance of sunday, and contracts, deeds, wills, notes, etc. executed on sunday are just as valid as if executed on any other day. but, while there is no sunday law, properly so-called, there is an act of the legislature passed february, , securing to all employees one day's rest in seven, and making it a misdemeanor to violate the provisions of the act. the code of civil procedure provides that "every court, every judge or clerk of any court, every justice and every notary public, and every officer or person authorized to take testimony in any action or proceeding, or to decide upon evidence, has power to administer oaths or affirmations". any person who desires it may, at his option, instead of taking an oath, make his affirmation. the bible is not used in administering oaths; in judicial proceedings, the witness raises his right hand and the clerk or judge swears him "to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you god". to make a willfully false statement after having taken an oath or affirmation, before an officer authorized to administer it, to testify to the truth, is perjury, a felony punishable by imprisonment in the state's prison for from one to fourteen years. the penal code makes it a misdemeanor, punishable by a fine of or imprisonment for ninety days, to utter profane language in the presence or hearing of women and children penal code, sect. 415 . the supreme court of the state, in the case of delaney, ex parte, california reports, vol. xliii, page 478, has held it to be within the power of a municipal corporation empowered by its charter to prohibit practices which are against good morals, to prohibit and punish the utterance of profane language. the entire matter of profane language is generally left to the control of the local authorities, and most of the counties and cities have ordinances prohibiting and punishing it. it is customary to open the sessions of the legislature with prayer, though there is no provision of law either requiring or prohibiting the practice. there is no recognition of any religious holidays, by name, except sunday. new years' day and christmas are both holidays, but they are described in the civil code merely as "the first day of january. . .and the twenty-fifth day of december". it must be said that the same rule is observed in the code in referring to the other legal holidays. washington's birthday, memorial day, independence day, etc. are simply the twenty-second day of february, the thirtieth day of may, the fourth day of july, etc. the seal of confession has the full sanction and protection of the law. it occupies the same position in the eyes of the law as communications made to attorneys and physicians in their professional capacities. it is the policy of the law to encourage these confidential or privileged communications, as they are called, and to keep them inviolate. section of the code of civil procedure provides that a priest cannot be examined as to any confession made to him, as such, by a penitent. the laws governing the incorporation of churches, and religious societies and providing for the protection and management of church property are both beneficent and effective. the civil code section 602 provides that any bishop, chief priest, or presiding elder, may become a sole corporation by complying with certain simple legal formalities. thereafter, the usual attributes of corporation aggregate attach, mutatis mutandis, to the corporation sole. under this statute all catholic church property in the archdiocese of san francisco is held in the name of "the roman catholic archbishop of san francisco", a corporation sole. upon the death of the incumbent, his successor, properly appointed and qualified, takes the place of his predecessor, and no probate or other proceedings are required to vest the title to the church property which, in contemplation of law, remains always in the corporation sole, regardless of who may be, for the time being, the incumbent. in addition to the laws governing corporations sole, there are very liberal statutes authorizing the incorporation of single churches, as well as of religious, charitable, and educational associations, and the holding of property by such corporations; also authorizing the consolidation of two or more churches or parishes into one corporation. under the law of california, therefore, the property interests of the church are jealously safeguarded, and she is free to hold her church property in either of the methods above pointed out. prior to the year , california stood alone among the states of the union in taxing church property in the same manner and at the same rate as business or residence property. on november, , the people of the state adopted an amendment to the constitution, providing that "all buildings, and so much of the real property on which they are situated as may be required for the convenient use and occupation of said buildings, when the same are used solely and exclusively for religious worship, shall be free from taxation". the residences of the clergy, the hospitals, orphanages, refuges, asylums, and all other institutions which are devoted to charitable or eleemosynary objects, but which are not used "solely and exclusively for religious worship", are still subject to taxation as before. the law exempts "ministers of religion" from military duty; and "a minister of the gospel, or a priest of any denomination following his profession" is exempt from jury duty. the civil code defines marriage as "a personal relation arising out of a civil contract, to which the consent of parties capable of making that contract is necessary. consent alone will not constitute marriage; it must be followed by a solemnization authorized by this code" . this section of the code formerly permitted "a mutual assumption of marital rights, duties or obligations" to take the place of a solemnization. in other words, the so-called common-law marriages were permitted, and their validity upheld, by the laws of the state. but the difficulty of determining just what constituted "a mutual assumption of marital rights, duties or obligations", and the numerous and scandalous cases of intrigue, temporary or illicit relations, hasty, ill-advised, and clandestine unions, with their consequent perplexing questions of legitimacy, succession, property rights, and the status of the parties themselves, convinced the leading minds of california that the position of the catholic church on the necessity of the public safeguards with which she protects the marriage ceremony, is the only wise and safe one. accordingly, in , the legislature amended the law, and made it necessary that the consent of the parties to the marriage be evidenced by a solemnization of the marriage. no particular form of solemnization is required, but the parties must declare in the presence of the person solemnizing the marriage that they take each other as husband and wife. marriages may be solemnized by a priest, or a minister of any denomination, or by a justice or judge of any court. a license must first be obtained, and the person solemnizing the marriage must attach his written certificate to the license, certifying to the fact, the time, and the place of, and the names and residences of the parties and the witnesses to, the marriage. the license and certificate must then be recorded with the county recorder. under these stringent rules little or no difficulty is found in proving a marriage; and all relations between the sexes are simply meretricious unless the parties avail themselves of the legal requirements of solemnization of marriage. there is a charitable provision of the law, designed for the benefit of innocent offspring, to the effect that all children of a marriage void in law or dissolved by divorce are legitimate. the age of consent to marriage is eighteen in males and fifteen in females; but if the male be under the age of twenty-one, or the female under the age of eighteen, the consent of parents or guardian must first be obtained. the law of the state forbids and makes absolutely void marriages: between whites and negroes, mongolians, or mulattoes; between ancestors and descendants, brothers and sisters, uncles and nieces, aunts and nephews marriages between cousins are permitted ; if either party be already married, for one year after the entry of an interlocutory decree of divorce. the annulment of marriages is provided for in certain cases; such marriages are considered voidable and may be annulled for any of the following causes: if, at the time of the marriage, either party be under the age of consent, and the consent of parents or guardian be not obtained; if either party be of unsound mind at the time of the marriage; if consent of the marriage be obtained by fraud; or by force, or if either party be physically incapable of entering into the marriage state. the annulment of marriage must carefully be distinguished from divorce. the latter implies the existence of a perfectly valid marriage. the former affords relief to the injured party, who may either ratify the marriage, and thus make it valid from the beginning, or have it set aside and declared void from the beginning. the principle of divorce is recognized by the law of california, which assigns six grounds of divorce: adultery, extreme cruelty, willful desertion, willful neglect failure to provide , habitual intemperance, and conviction of a felony. notwithstanding that a cause for divorce be proved to exist, the divorce must be denied upon proof of any of the following: connivance, collusion, condonation, recrimination proof of a cause of divorce against the plaintiff , or lapse of time. to prevent fraudulent and secret divorces, as well as the promiscuous granting of divorces, the law requires a bona fide residence by the plaintiff for one year in the state, and for three months in the county, before filing suit. upon dissolution of the marriage by divorce, the superior court has jurisdiction to award the care and custody of the children to the innocent party, or to make such other provision for their care and custody as the best interests of the children, both moral and material, may require; and this disposition may be altered from time to time in the discretion of the court. in the law on the subject of divorce was amended. since that year, upon proof by the plaintiff of a cause for divorce, an interlocutory decree of divorce is granted. this decree entitles the successful party to a final decree of divorce upon the expiration of one year after the entry of the interlocutory decree. this change in the law prevents the remarriage of either of the parties until the expiration of one year from the entry of the interlocutory decree. as previously explained, the church receives no financial aid from the state towards the religious education of her children, and here, as elsewhere, catholics are taxed for the support of public schools, as well as charged with the duty of maintaining schools of their own. here also, as elsewhere, the effects of the public school system of non-religous education emphasize the necessity of providing for catholic youth a complete system of education that includes, with the best profane scholarship, a sound moral and religious training. the need is especially felt in the university courses, whose systems of philosophy, if not positively anti-christian, are certainly not calculated to foster belief in a personal god, or to strengthen faith in a divine revelation. there are liberal statutes in force, permitting and encouraging the foundation and maintenance of private institutions of learning, and the only interference permitted the state authorities concerns the supervision of sanitary arrangements, and the prescribing of such standards of scholarship as will entitle graduates to admission to the state university without examination. there are also liberal statutes authorizing the incorporation of religious, social, benevolent, or charitable organizations. such corporations may make and enforce rules for the government of themselves and their institutions, and may purchase and hold such real property as may be necessary for the objects of the association, not exceeding six whole lots in any city or town, or fifty acres in the country, and the annual profit or income of such land must not exceed ,000. these provisions, it must be remembered, do not limit the power of purely religious corporations, whether sole or aggregate, to purchase and hold such lands as may be necessary for their churches, hospitals, schools, colleges, orphan asylums, and parsonages, under statutes previously discussed. the state constitution prohibits the appropriating of public money "for the support of any sectarian or denominational school, or any school not under the exclusive control of the officers of the public schools"; it also provides that no "sectarian or denominational be taught, or instruction thereon be permitted, directly or indirectly, in any of the common schools of the state". under another constitutional provision already discussed, the legislature passed a law in appropriating annually to every institution maintaining orphans the sum of for each half orphan. in the legislature created a state board of charities and correction, consisting of six members appointed by the governor. this board has a supervisory jurisdiction over all charitable, correctional, and penal institutions, including hospitals for the insane. there is no state law forbidding the sale of liquor to citizens generally. but it is forbidden: to bring intoxicating liquor to a prison, jail, or reformatory; or to sell, give, or expose it for sale within half a mile to a state prison, or within ,900 feet of a reformatory, or within one mile of the university of california at berkeley, or within one an one-half miles of any veteran's home, or within the state capitol, or on the grounds adjacent thereto; or at a camp meeting; or to a common or habitual drunkard; or to an indian; or to a minor under the age of eighteen years; or within one mile of an insane asylum. it is forbidden to permit a minor under the age of eighteen years to enter a saloon; and it is also forbidden to give or sell intoxicating liquor to anyone on election day. beyond these provisions, the general law leaves the control of the sale of liquor entirely to local authority. each county, city, and town is free to regulate the liquor traffic to suit the wishes of its citizens. there are two state prisons, situated respectively at san quentin and folsom. these prisons, under the constitution, are subject to the direct control of the state board of prison directors, consisting of five members appointed by the governor. the prisoners are kept at work, in the rock-crushing plant, in making grain bags, in building roads, etc. priests and ministers are free to visit the prisoners and conduct religious services for their benefit. there are two state reformatories for juvenile offenders--the preston school of industry at ione city, and the whittier state school, at whittier. each is governed by its own board of trustees, and is entirely independent of the board of prison directors. there is also a juvenile court charged with the control and punishment of juvenile dependents and delinquents. a large discretion is vested with the judge of this court and much good has been accomplished since its creation in keeping children of catholic parentage under the care and influence of conscientious catholic officers. in california every person of sound mind who has reached the age of eighteen years may dispose of his entire estate by will, subject to the payment of his debts and expenses of administration. such part of a decedent's estate as is not disposed of by will is distributed according to the statutes of succession. the estates of such persons as die without wills and without heirs escheat to the state. the phrase "expenses of administration" includes funeral expenses of the deceased, expenses of his last illness, and provision for the support of his family, including the homestead, family allowance, and setting apart property exempt from execution. no person is permitted to dispose by will of more than one-third of the value of his estate to charitable uses. a will attempting to dispose of a greater proportion to charity would not be absolutely void, but all the charitable bequests and devises would be reduced proportionately so that their total value would not exceed one third. moreover, every charitable bequest and devise is absolutely void unless it be made at least thirty days prior to the testator's death. a bequest or devise to a church as such, or to a college, orphan asylum, missionary society, hospital, or home for the aged would be for a charitable use under this provision. but not so a devise or bequest to a priest or bishop by name, and in his individual capacity. it has also been held that a bequest to a priest for masses to be offered for the repose of the soul of the deceased, is not a charitable bequest. cemeteries may be purchased, held, and owned under the liberal statutes for the ownership of church property, already explained. or, they may be purchased, held, and owned by cemetery corporations formed under a general law, by which their land holdings are limited to 320 acres situated in the county in which their articles of incorporation are filed, or in an adjoining county. the law provides for the survey and subdivision of such lands into lots or plots, avenues or walks, and for the government of such corporations, as well as the sale and tenure of burial plots. clinch, california and its missions san francisco, ; james, in and out of the old missions boston, ; jackson, california and the missions boston, ; burnett, recollections of an old pioneer; edwords, california annual san francisco, ; u. s. census of washington ; u. s. census of washington ; swett, history of the public school system of california san francisco, ; catholic directory for milwaukee ; twenty-second biennial report of the superintendent of public instruction sacramento, ; university of california register berkeley, ; babcock, history of california sacramento, ; treadwell, constitution of california san francisco, ; civil code, code of civil procedure, political code, penal code san francisco, . apa citation. . california. in the catholic encyclopedia. new york: robert appleton company. mla citation. "california." the catholic encyclopedia. vol. . new york: robert appleton company, . transcription. this article was transcribed for new advent by matthew and therese reak. dedicated to my friends, the ottles. ecclesiastical approbation. nihil obstat. . remy lafort, s.t.d., censor. imprimatur. john cardinal farley, archbishop of new york. contact information. the editor of new advent is kevin knight. my email address is feedback732 at newadvent.org. to help fight spam, this address might change occasionally. regrettably, i can't reply to every letter, but i greatly appreciate your feedback especially notifications about typographical errors and inappropriate ads.
__label__non_math	1.0000	- special sections - public notices three weeks ago on tuesday, ingomar baseball took a huge hit in losing junior pitcher tyler dowdy after a fall in practice that broke his arm. what appeared to be a season-ending injury turned out to be only a minor setback, as dowdy returned to the mound on monday night against h.w. byers. i went to dr. lewis, and i was going to have to have surgery, but he was able to reduce the break, and they said i didn t have to have surgery, dowdy said. if you currently subscribe or have subscribed in the past to the new albany gazette, then simply find your account number on your mailing label and enter it below. click the question mark below to see where your account id appears on your mailing label. if you are new to the award winning new albany gazette and wish to get a subscription or simply gain access to our online content then please enter your zip code below and continue to setup your account.
__label__non_math	1.0000	be in the know about credit union events, promotions, board meetings, and a whole lot more with the up-to-the-minute calendar below and make savvy choices about your credit union participation. print out your own copy, and make it easy to keep track of your credit union s happenings that matter most to you. newark firemen federal credit union nffcu was chartered in to service the financial needs of the members and their families, of the fire department of the city of newark. read more phone email
__label__non_math	1.0000	women's casual athletics - new balance 442 slip into something crazy comfortable. we took the retro, low profile of the classic new balance 442 casual shoe and cranked up the cushioning with an abzorb footbed in an eco-conscious construction for women on the go. then we cranked up the convenience with a new slip-on closure that takes easy-on-and-off to a whole new level. new balance 442 women's casual athletics color size width this shoe runs true to size. order your regular athletic shoe size.
__label__non_math	1.0000	men's running - new balance 840 built for neutral runners looking to put some spring in their step, the new balance 840v2 running shoe features maximum cushioning and flexibility. assembled in the usa, the 840v2 features an acteva lite midsole that's lighter than standard midsole foam. it also has a wider toe box to accommodate a range of foot shapes and n2 cushioning technology for responsive comfort in a low-profile execution. 337 grams .oz new balance 840 color:color size width this shoe runs true to size. order your regular athletic shoe size.
__label__non_math	0.9996	do you know a budding marine biologist? the junior biologist series of programs at the aquarium will encourage a love of science in your seven- to twelve-year-old child. each -hour class includes theme related activities, guided gallery tour, interaction with our animal care staff behind-the-scenes, and a keepsake journal.marine mammals: from layers of blubber to filter feeding baleen we will explore the amazing adaptations marine mammals use to survive in the ocean. during this - hour program your seven- to ten-year-old child will:
__label__non_math	0.9961	an article to be published in this week's issue of the british medical journal has identified an urgent need for greater scrutiny of the financial ties between medical journalists and the for-profit companies they cover in their reporting. according to the bmj feature, 'who's watching the watchdogs?', activities such as the sponsorship of journalism awards by pharmaceutical companies pose a significant conflict of interest in the way treatments can be reported. ray moynihan, conjoint lecturer at the university of newcastle and co-author, said increasingly many people were learning about new treatments for illnesses through media reports, and these reports can affect the way the public uses health care. "when we see news stories about someone's complete recovery from an illness due to a particular drug, we need to ask if there is any kind of relationship between the journalist and the pharmaceutical company," he said. "just as we demand transparency about the relationship between doctors and pharmaceutical companies, there is also a need for clarity around the connection between these companies and the media." a collaboration with experts on medical news from the ivy league dartmouth university, drs lisa schwartz and steve woloshin, the article cites numerous examples of conflicts of interest in the united states in three key areas: sponsorship by pharmaceutical companies of training and further education of journalists at conferences and through professional associations; sponsorship by these companies of journalism awards; and the use of high profile journalists working in a freelance capacity to promote pharmaceutical products. "australian media's experience with pharmaceutical companies is similar to that of the united states. "while many journalists will maintain the separation between news and promotion, it is the public's right to know their affiliations and relationships with pharmaceutical companies so they can determine conflicts of interest." for interviews with ray moynihan or a copy of the article contact kate robinson, manager media and public relations, the university of newcastle.
__label__non_math	1.0000	choreography: emery lecrone duration: min. music: michael nyman, "the lady in the red hat" and "time lapse" from zoo caprices for violin used by arrangement with g. schirmer, inc. on behalf of chester music ltd., publisher and world premiere: original cast: sarah atkins, erik carlson violin photos by: kristin lodoen linder
__label__non_math	1.0000	newegg.com - a great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and dvds online. with great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you newegg. if you are reading this message, please click this link to reload this page. do not use your browser's "refresh" button . please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. discover how this terrific piece can elevate the look of your ensemble and help you feel gracefully beautiful at any occasion. fashioned with a durable chain that fits comfortably, this necklace showcases the brilliance of the crystal pendant, plated with 18k gold, and displaying the shimmer of the crystal. whether you are looking to add a dose of charm to your appearance or you just want a superb gift idea for a friend or loved one. your request will be processed within the next hours. please add "email" to your address book to ensure delivery.see today's e-blast promo
__label__math	0.6412	eighth brick converters target high density embedded applications murata power solutions has announced the uwe series of 100 to 120w open frame isolated dosa compatible eighth brick dc dc converters designed for embedded computing applications and instrumentation subsystems. using an industry standard through hole package measuring .x .x .91mm .x .x .39in , the single output units offer the nominal outputs of ., or 12vdc. the series is said to have an efficiency of . , meaning forced airflow is not required for most applications. the converters operate from to c and accommodate a wide :input voltage range from to 75vdc around a nominal 48vdc. line regulation is kept within - . vout and load regulation is maximum - . vout across the complete range. murata power solutions this material is protected by findlay media copyright one-off usage is permitted but bulk copying is not. for multiple copies contact the
__label__non_math	1.0000	latest news: max temp: c min temp: c you must log in to view this page. please enter your email address and password: forgotten your password? not a member yet? register to create your own unique newham recorder account for free. signing up is free, quick and easy and offers you the chance to add comments, personalise the site with local information picked just for you, and more. sign up now everyone may be talking about leonardo dicaprio this week, but there s another jay gatsby in town and he s about to take the stage. read full story archant community media ltd. .newham recorder is part of the london24 news network
__label__non_math	1.0000	you have one opportunity to make the most of your natural born talents to put energy into life, to take pleasure and rewards from it. our personal coaching and executive coaching programmes provide the opportunity to explore what you want from life and identify what you can achieve with personal and professional growth and success. whether you are looking for a better balance in your life or a winning edge in business we have coaching programmes tailored to offer a flexible approach guiding rather than instructing to help address life s little, or not so little, challenges. we provide a non-judgmental and positive environment to help you to get to know yourself better. there are no set rules together we will develop a bespoke action plan to implement positive changes in your life. the approach is structured and designed to put things into perspective, which will make sense of complex information and address any self-limiting beliefs or actions. new leaf has three coaches. all are therapist coaches. we feel this integrated method of coaching means we can use our psychological experience and framework to help offer insights which may not be achieved by a business coach counterpart meaning we work in a more psychological way. we acknowledge that personal, and professional are deeply intertwined in the coaching conversation and we work with the whole of the individual whilst maintaing and focussing on the agreed contract.
__label__non_math	1.0000	by paddlopayday loans - we believe in one god, the father, the almighty, maker of heaven and earth, of all that is seen and unseen. - we believe in one lord, jesus christ, the only son from god, eternally begotten of the father, god from god, light from light, true god from true god, begotten, not made, one in being with the father. through him all things were made, for us and our salvation, he came down from heaven; by the power of the holy spirit he was born of the virgin mary, and became man. for our sake he was crucified under pontius pilate; he suffered death and was buried. on the third day, he rose again in fulfillment of the scriptures; he ascended into heaven and is seated at the right hand of the father. he will come again in glory to judge the living and the dead, and his kingdom will have no end. - we believe in the holy spirit, the lord, the giver of life who proceeds from the father and the son. with the father and the son, he is worshipped and glorified. he has spoken through the prophets. - we believe in one holy church, built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets with christ jesus himself as the chief cornerstone. - we believe in one baptism for the forgiveness of sins. we look for the resurrection of the dead and the life of the world to come. amen - we believe that the bible is god s inerrant and authoritative word for instruction, life and righteousness. - we believe in the present day activity of all spiritual gifts in their right biblical usage. - we believe that the baptism of the holy spirit, as spoken of in the holy scriptures, is an available and necessary blessing to the church for empowerment to be christ s witnesses to the world. - we believe that biblical marriage is limited to a covenant relationship between one man and one woman. hebrews : - we believe that all members of the body must adhere to the principles of biblical lifestyles and have a willingness to support and endorse the moral principles of the ministry. adapted from the nicean creed
__label__math	0.6731	his408 intellectual history of 20th-century europe an exploration of modern european intellectual thought, from modernism at the end of nineteenth century to postmodernism at the end of the twentieth century. possible readings include: kafka, eliot, freud, woolf, sartre, and foucault. - liberal arts - must be enrolled in the following level: undergraduate - must be enrolled in one of the following field s of study major, minor or concentration : history 532 , history b- 601h , social studies - history b- 599h , social studies-history - 630h - may not be enrolled in the following class: freshman
__label__non_math	0.9999	- perry beats schenley in overtime thriller -, playoffs set - - city league roundup peabody upsets brashear in their final game - - city league roundup...brashear edges oliver in double ot - - perry demolishes allderdice - - - perry, allderdice remain tied atop city league standings - category: sports published on wednesday, january our defense definitely has to improve, said allderdice head coach andre mcdonald. even when we had our -year, we were still among the top teams in allowing the fewest points. we re scoring in our sleep, that s not a problem. we just have to get better attitudes out of our guys, namely our seniors, along with a better effort. that is what we need in order to get back on track. westinghouse -, - made those chances more likely when they handed them a -beating jan. which moved the bulldogs up a spot to sit behind defending champion perry for first place. our guys are feeling really good, said westinghouse head coach kenny roebuck. we re happy about what we ve done so far. all of our guys are from the homewood community and they ve been together for four years now. you used to see heads hanging and comments about i can t do this and i can t do that but that s definitely not the case nowadays. their skill level has risen and they re beginning to be real consistent. the team has been on a roll, only losing to indiana in its own tournament dec. . with five wins, they are just one victory away from matching the six that they put up last year finishing -, overall. perry is enjoying a league-high seven victories, with just one loss. they have an undefeated -conference record and are looking to return to the big game minus a real threat in the post. the other team of the north side, oliver, is currently in third place, with a -overall record -in the city and is the only other team in the league without a loss in the conference. peabody - leads the rest of the pack, which aside from the top three teams lacks an overall winning record, going -in the city. p.m., langley at brashear p.m., oliver at allderdice p.m., peabody at westinghouse p.m., perry at schenley team conf. overall perry -- westinghouse -- oliver -- peabody -- schenley -- carrick -- allderdice -- brashear -- langley -- allderdice girls hand defending champ westinghouse first conference loss defending champ westinghouse first conference loss perry -, - got its opportunity to move ahead of westinghouse in the conference standings, as a result of a -westinghouse loss to allderdice jan. , even though they have an overall losing record. we just weren t mentally prepared, said westinghouse head coach phyllis jones about her team. their guards were quick and they definitely had an advantage in the height differential. as i said before, the league is wide open this year. it will come down to the team that wants it the most. with the win, allderdice moved into the second spot with its -overall record as well as in the conference with a -mark. it was a nice win for us, said allderdice s head coach dave walcheskey. they are a quality team. some of our girls are really growing up quick. we start four sophomores and one junior and they ve all come through in big situations. allderdice was led by janay bottoms with points and lanise saunders with . they played a pretty good game, said walcheskey. as a young team, we just need to learn how to eliminate mistakes. the key to us beating westinghouse was the fact that we stuck close to them at halftime which gave us some momentum going into the second half. we did that and came out with the win. in the three games that langley has played, they are still right in the thick of things, they ve attained a -record in which all of their games have been played in the conference. schenley, carrick and brashear all have matching -conference record, keeping them all close to the pack. no team has been able to pull away from the pack making this week s games critical. this week:p.m., allderdice at oliver p.m., schenley at perry p.m., brashear at langley p.m., westinghouse at peabody standings:team: conf overall perry -- westinghouse -- allderdice -- langley -- schenley -- carrick -- brashear -- oliver -- peabody -- follow our continuing coverage and add your comments on city league basketball to our website at digital daily signup sign up now for the new pittsburgh courier digital daily newsletter - black community not to blame for august wilson center crisis - more visits by artists like beyonce, jay-z, needed, says afro-cuban filmmaker - can the black community change the face of the music industry? - cleveland s charles ramsey hood or hero? - letter to the editor...peduto s been the champion for our community
__label__non_math	0.9999	as many of you know the consumer product safety commission cpsc has issued a recall of more than .million stork craft drop-side cribs. this being announced as the largest recall in us history has caused some concerns about the safety of our cribs. we have received numerous calls from both retailers and consumers and we have assured everyone that all newport cottages crib are safe to use. the cpsc visited our facility, tested our cribs and all of them met or exceeded their standards. in addition to this, we also had an independent laboratory conduct strength testing, check for paint toxins, etc. although this recall is for stork craft inc., which manufactures lower end cribs overseas, the cpsc is considering changing the mandatory crib standards for drop-sides in . newport cottages switched to duel fixed gates back in august of this year due to growing concerns about drop gates. if you have a drop gate model, we recommend that you regularly check your crib and tighten any loose parts that may result from the moving gate. again we emphasize that we have never had a recall however we wanted to address any safety concerns in regards to our cribs. if you or your customers have any questions please feel free to contact our office.
__label__non_math	0.9999	newport city two years ago, fr. shiju chittattukkara, s.d.v, left his home in southern india to spread the catholic word in the united states. his first stop was st. mary star of the sea catholic church in newport. last thursday, chittattukkara left newport to serve at our lady of solace in coney island, n.y. chittattukkara came to newport as an assistant pastor to father michael reardon. chittattukkara had been a priest for a year and a half before coming to newport. this was his first time in the united states. prior to coming to the northeast kingdom, he knew nothing about newport. newport is a very beautiful place, he said. chittattukkara said he enjoyed the four seasons. he thought it was a mistake when first told he would be coming to newport. i never thought i would come to america. chittattukkara learned english in india but did not practice it until he came to the united states. he feels he speaks english better now than he did two years ago. in brooklyn, chittattukkara will serve as an assistant pastor at a church that serves the english and spanish communities. moving from newport is going to be a culture shock, he said. new york is not newport, said chittattukkara. newport is peaceful. i m very comfortable here. chittattukkara said he loves the people in newport, will remember them and will miss them. while in newport, he saw snow for the first time. he said he was surprised at how white snow is. however, he said his concentration was on the parish, not snow or cold. chittattukkara, , said he is joyful and happy that he is a priest. he first knew he wanted to be priest at the age of . he joined the congregation in . the primary religion in india is hindu, said chittattukkara. catholic following in his area of india is percent. as a whole, chittattukkara is not concerned that the catholic church will diminish. it will get better, he said, referring to the numbers in the church, despite all the problems and difficulties we are facing right now, the church will not die. chittattukkara s message to the residents to the newport area is, try to be the people of good will.
__label__non_math	0.9999	pride at zoo as rare fishing cats born published: may staff at newquay zoo are thrilled as three gorgeous fishing cat kittens have been born. fishing cats are an endangered species of cat from asia, who challenge the common understanding that all cats hate water these cats have developed webbed feet and live a semi-aquatic lifestyle newquay zoo has been successfully participating in a breeding programme for the species since a breeding pair of fishing cats arrived in , to join other species in the philippine species exhibit at the zoo. john meek, animal collection manager said; it is brilliant that yet again we have managed to breed these beautiful cats. they are incredibly rare, as they suffer in their native south east asia thanks to habitat destruction, pollution of waterways and hunting for skins. although they do have some legal protection, it is very difficult to enforce and therefore illegal poaching still continues at an alarming rate. alongside other good european zoos we have been working hard to increase the captive population so these cats have a future. there are lots of ways that you can help newquay zoo and the whitley wildlife conservation trust wwct with the wide range of conservation projects that depend on their support. an animal adoption makes a great present for a loved one, friend or for yourself and contributes directly towards these projects. or why not treat yourself to one of our amazing animal experiences, where you could get closer to some of your favourite species.
__label__non_math	0.9988	judge upholds village s liquor license extension the decision of the somerset village board is affirmed. with those words, judge scott needham brought an end to the trial of main, inc. versus the village of somerset and float-rite inc. in his judgement dated july . by: tom lindfors, new richmond news the decision of the somerset village board is affirmed. with those words, judge scott needham brought an end to the trial of main, inc. versus the village of somerset and float-rite inc. in his judgement dated july . mary wallace, owner of the liquor depot main, inc. , had filed a civil suit against the two defendants on june . she maintained that the village board should not have granted the liquor license extension to float-rite for their new apple river liquor store at 520 main street. wallace declined to comment on the ruling. john montpetit, owner of float-rite, had applied for the liquor license extension may . he already has a class b license for the look out bar inside float-rite park. when he leased the former car dealership at 520 main street, he converted it into a liquor store and asked the village board to extend his current license to include the new premises. according to village ordinances, a retail class a intoxicating liquor license allows the holder to sell, deal and traffic in intoxicating liquors only in original packages or containers and to be consumed off the premises so licensed. a retail class b intoxicating liquor license, allows its holder to sell, deal and traffic in intoxicating liquors to be consumed by the glass only on the premises so licensed and in the original package or container in multiples not to exceed four liters at any one time, to be consumed off the premises, except that wine may be sold in the original package or otherwise in any other quantity to be consumed off the premises. both the class a and b licenses have a quota of one license per ,500 people in a community. the state of wisconsin estimates somerset has a population of ,250. currently there are two class a licenses and five class b licenses in somerset that were grandfathered in when the statute was passed. they village office told me the population has to increase for another license to be available, wallace said in an earlier interview. she explained she had initially thought of having two locations. a special village board meeting was held on june . after hearing opposition from wallace s attorney, the board approved the liquor license extension. the applicant has control over the adjacent properties; these are satellite sites that are seasonal, said jeff johnson, village president, at the meeting. in my opinion, we are not creating an additional license, it was a -month license already. wallace filed for a temporary injunction against the apple river liquor store while waiting for the trial. at the july hearing, judge needham denied her request but offered to make up the trial date to july for a timely determination of outstanding issues. at the july trial, matthew cornetta, attorney for main, inc., argued that in granting the license extension, the village board undermined the state quotas of only one license per ,500. he also said title , chapter , section 10c of the ordinance said a separate license shall be required for each stand, place, room or enclosure or for each suite of rooms or enclosures which are in direct connection or communication where intoxicating liquor or fermented malt beverages are kept, sold or offered for sale. float-rite has an address of 710 spring street. the apple river liquor store is approximately mile away at 520 main street. separate address, separate location, cornetta said. attorneys mark gherty and ryan steffes, representing float-rite and the village of somerset respectively, argued that liquor license grants are left up to the discretion of the municipal board -- not the courts. it s up to the municipalities to determine what constitutes premises, steffes said. the application defined the premises; a map was attached that showed this new location, gherty said. the board sought legal counsel that night and they voted to approve it. at the end of the trial, judge needham said he would render his judgment in ten days. by july , the -page document was completed. whether this court would have made the same decision as the village board is irrelevant to the inquiry, the judgment begins. as the wisconsin supreme court and wisconsin court of appeals have made abundantly clear, the discretion afforded to municipalities in granting liquor licenses is a time-tested tenet of our law and this court again cannot disturb a finding unless it is clearly arbitrary or contrary to law. as this is not the case, the decision of the somerset village board is affirmed. i am pleased with the court s decision, johnson said. we the board spent a lot of time and effort to research the merits of our actions. as in any small municipality, it is difficult to separate the personalities and emotions of the parties involved from the business at hand. we felt confident in our decision based on several legal opinions. attempts to contact john montpetit for comment were unsuccessful.
__label__non_math	1.0000	by ed brock the forecast of snow for sunday night is going to make valeria phillips' job a little more stressful. "i really don't care for it because i work for delta air lines," said phillips, a ticket agent in delta's crown room at hartsfield-jackson atlanta international airport. sunday's high temperature is only expected to get into the 40s and drop into the 30s by late in the day, said jim noel, the hydrologist at the national weather service office in peachtree city. and there's a percent chance of snow flurries sunday night with temperatures in the teens by monday morning rising only into the mid 30s during the day. noel said the snow may not be much, but there could still be some monday morning snowball fights. "we can't totally rule out a light, light dusting," noel said. "the main issue is the surge of cold air and wind on sunday and monday." frequent flyers often wind up in the crown room with phillips when they're delayed, and they sometimes share their unhappiness. phillips said such an experience should be an opportunity for them to appreciate how concerned delta is with getting them home safely. "sometimes you have to remember that things happen for a reason," phillips said. though the rest of december and early january are expected to be colder than usual, there will be a slight warming up with some rain in the middle of this coming week. by christmas weekend the temperatures are expected to drop again, but it's too early to tell if atlanta will have a white christmas. "it's very uncommon," noel said. "we've only had measurable snow once on christmas in atlanta." but if and when it does snow, people will want sleds. and willis swint at swint feed garden supply, inc. on n. main street in jonesboro will be ready. he has at least three lightweight sleds in stock and he expects there will be a market for them ... if it snows. "if it snows we throw them up at the front door," swint said.
__label__non_math	1.0000	several members of first baptist church in lovejoy have donated special-occasion handbags for girls for the prom. stories this photo appears in: terri hardin, the wife of baptist preacher, thought it would be cool to do something for girls who can't afford a prom dress, so that ever girl who wants to go to prom can. a quick online search revealed other churches across the country had taken on similar endeavors over the years, with much success.
__label__non_math	0.9976	villa grove if nothing else, history is on villa grove's side. on paper it would appear the 16th-seeded blue devils don't stand a chance at no. mount olive, but games aren't played on paper. the villa grove locals have reminded first-year coach chad musselman of that every chance they get. they tell him about the villa grove team that went into the playoffs as a no. seed and knocked off no. sciota northwestern-laharpe. "that's how this community is, they remember things like that," musselman said. "that team went to the semifinals, so it really could happen." if it is to happen, the blue devils are going to have to play much better than they have of late. after starting the season -, they've lost three straight and were one of the last teams in class 1a to get into the postseason. but it's not as if villa grove is losing to cupcakes. its losses came at the hands of our lady of providence, a school in southeast indiana, which has 367 more students than villa grove. and losses to little okaw valley co-champion arcola and playoff-qualifier sangamon valley are nothing to scoff at. "it's a combination of us playing good teams and us not playing a full game," musselman said. "we haven't played awful off the bat, but the situation has been if we don't throw the first punch we put our heads down and we don't play." mount olive is averaging about points a game, so villa grove knows it will have its hands full trying to stop the wildcats' offense, which musselman said pretty much runs right at you. "they are very, very big," he said. "they don't do a single thing that is fancy, but they methodically go down the field and before you know it, they're up by . i watch film on them and they're like a machine, they do everything correct." the blue devils have a pretty good running attack of their own, led by rob renfrow ,489 yards . villa grove won't try to trade scores with mount olive; instead it will try to control the game by getting the ball in the hands of renfrow as often as possible. "we've got a big line and a good running back," villa grove guard sam howard said. "we've just got a good backfield in general, so i think we should be able to run the football."
__label__non_math	1.0000	dentists, other volunteers take part in 'give kids a smile day' at lakeland community college students from lake-geauga united head start and willoughby-eastlake schools put on their biggest smiles friday in exchange for hand-made crafts, snacks and clean teeth. little ones some eager, some anxious lined up to climb into the dentist chair at lakeland community college for the 11th annual give kids a smile day. taking part in a national program, local professionals in the field as well as students from the college volunteer their time to ensure that these children get the proper dental care they need. cleanings and x-rays are provided on site, and if more work is required, students can get a referral to have the work done at no cost through local participants of the program. friday s event at lakeland was the kickoff for the program in ohio and featured a few special guests. state sen. john eklund, r-munson township, u.s. sen. sherrod brown, d-ohio, and the tooth fairy were a few guests of note. julie smith, a first-year dental hygiene student at lakeland, dressed the part, wings and all, and shared the importance of brushing and flossing with the kids. i love being around kids, i was the easter bunny before, it s just really fun, smith said. i teach them about teeth ... they get excited about telling me that they do brush their teeth and they do floss their teeth. once the kids had a good cleaning and hopped out of the chair, they made their way over to the craft table, where more student volunteers helped them decorate bookmarks, door hangers and necklaces. heather fields, a first-year student, painted faces, including one boy who requested a dinosaur. the program is important for students who may not otherwise receive the dental care they need, said colleen weaver, health coordinator for lake-geauga united head start. the group joined the program three years ago with students, weaver said, and participation has continued to increase. this year, 106 students were scheduled to visit the dental school. student selection is based on if they haven t had a dental exam the entire time they ve been in our program, if they don t have insurance, if we ve identified that they have a lot of decay, we re really trying to make sure that every child in our program is getting dental services before they leave us, and to educate the parents so that they are comfortable continuing that once they leave us, she said. a lot of the parents love it, they think it s great that their kids get to go on a field trip ... i think parents really do like it. location, st national news videos - future murky for lorimer mansion in perry township with video - willoughby convenience store catches fire - willoughby police asking for help in fatal motorcycle crash - euclid high basketball coach pleads guilty to disorderly conduct - chester township men sentenced on child porn charges - browns: brandon weeden has little time to prove himself with video - cavaliers notes: lakers assistant steve clifford on cavs' radar - high school girls basketball notes: cards don't miss a beat - wine canvas class teaches painting with a side of fun in grand river with video - lake erie college sends off largest graduating class ever with video - neighbors still wonder what will become of former geauga lake amusement park property with video - co-defendant in painesville bank robbery sentenced to jail with video - oldest lakeland community college graduate, , touts younger generation recent activity on facebook news-herald writers, editors and photographers share the inside stories of today's headlines and what goes on behind the scenes. as northeast ohio gears up for a local election, get the latest on what's happening behind the scenes. staff writer jeff schudel brings years of experience covering the browns to his regular offerings on team performance and player moves. sportswriters from the news-herald go behind the scenes of the area's high school and professional sports.
__label__non_math	1.0000	un slaps sanctions on two dr congo rebels - from: aap the un security council has imposed sanctions against two democratic republic of congo rebel leaders accused of killing children and others who tried to flee their force. the council on friday said it had ordered a global travel ban and assets freeze against baudoin ngaruye and innocent kaina, both top military leaders of the m23 movement which has seized territory in eastern dr congo. the council and the united states have already ordered similar sanctions against sultani makenga, military chief of m23, which is said to get backing from neighbouring rwanda. ngaruye, who is considered a deputy to makenga, "is responsible for executions and torture of deserters within the m23", said a sanctions committee statement. innocent kaina "oversaw the recruitment and training of over 150 children for the m23 rebellion, shooting the boys who had tried to escape", the statement added. the security council "took a strong step today by sanctioning baudoin ngaruye and innocent kaina", us ambassador to the un susan rice said. "we condemn the actions of the m23 and those who support them." the m23 rebellion erupted in congo's mineral-rich north kivu province in april. this month, the rebels launched a major offensive against government forces and took the key city of goma, which they still hold despite a ceasefire agreement under which they are supposed to withdraw.
__label__non_math	1.0000	spaniards rage against austerity - from: aap spain's government has been hit by the country's financial crisis on two fronts as protesters enraged with austerity cutbacks and tax hikes clashed with police near parliament, while the nation's borrowing costs increased in an auction of its debt. more than riot police blocked off access to the parliament building in the heart of madrid, forcing most protesters to crowd nearby avenues and shutting down traffic at the height of the evening rush hour. police used batons to push back some protesters at the front of the march attended by an estimated people as tempers flared, and some demonstrators broke down barricades and threw rocks and bottles toward authorities. television images showed officers beating protesters in response, and an associated press television producer saw several people dragged away by police and one protester with his head bloodied. spain's state tv said at least nine people were injured, including one officer, and that were detained. the demonstration, organised with an occupy congress slogan, drew protesters from all walks of life weary of nine straight months of painful economic austerity measures imposed by prime minister mariano rajoy and his solid majority of politicians. smaller demonstrations on tuesday attracted hundreds of protesters in barcelona and seville. angry madrid marchers who got as close as they could to parliament, 250 metres away, yelled "get out "the only solution is that we should put everyone in parliament out on the street so they know what it's like," said maria pilar lopez, a -year-old government secretary. lopez and others called for fresh elections, claiming the government's hard-hitting austerity measures are proof that the ruling popular party misled voters when it won power last november in a landslide. while rajoy has said he has no plans to cut pensions for spaniards, lopez fears her retirement age could be raised from to as much as . three of her seven nieces and nephews have been laid off since rajoy ousted spain's socialists, and she said the prospect of them finding jobs "is very bleak." spain is struggling in its second recession in three years with unemployment near per cent. the country has introduced austerity measures and economic reforms in a bid to convince its euro partners and investors that it is serious about reducing its bloated deficit to .per cent of gross domestic product in and .per cent next year. the deficit reached .billion euro a62.billion , equivalent to .per cent of gdp, through august, the government said on tuesday. secretary of state for the budget marta fernandez curras said the deficit "is under control." spain has been under pressure from investors to apply for european central bank assistance in keeping its borrowing costs down. rajoy has yet to say whether madrid will apply for the aid, reluctant to ask since such assistance comes with strings attached. concerns over the country's public finances were evident earlier on wednesday when the treasury sold .billion euro in short-term debt but at a higher cost. it sold .billion euro in three-month bills at an average interest rate of .per cent, up from .per cent in the last such auction august , and .billion euro in six-month bills on a yield of .per cent, up from .per cent. the government is expected to present a new batch of reforms thursday as it unveils a draft budget for .
__label__non_math	0.9999	student critical after chemical attack at university of nsw - from: news limited network a university student is in a critical condition after a chemical was allegedly thrown in his face. emergency services were called to the university of nsw in sydney's southeast around thursday, after two men were involved in a fight inside the chemistry laboratory. police allege a -year-old man was assaulted with a hammer before a chemical, believed to be sulphuric acid, was thrown on his face. he was rushed to st vincent's hospital, where he remains in a critical condition. he has been charged with charged with inflicting grievous bodily harm with intent and refused bail to appear in waverley local court today. two others were also taken to st vincent's hospital, where they were treated for superficial burns, police said. police are appealing for anyone with information, who hasn't already spoken to officers to call crime stoppers on 333 000.
__label__non_math	1.0000	new york ap federal regulators have opened an insider trading inquiry on the billion acquisition of h.j. heinz, according to a publish report. citing an unnamed source who was briefed on the matter, the new york times reported friday that the securities and exchange commission is looking at "unusual trading" surrounding the deal for heinz to be purchased by warren buffett's berkshire hathaway and 3g capital, an investment firm that also recently bought burger king. the report said regulators first noticed a suspicious spike in trading on wednesday. a spokeswoman for the sec, christina d'amico, said the agency does not confirm or deny the existence of investigations. representatives for berkshire hathaway and the public relations agency representing 3g and berkshire in the deal did not immediately return messages for comment. a spokesman for heinz said the company hadn't been contacted by the sec and therefore did not have any comment. in announcing the deal, heinz said the company planned to remain in pittsburgh and that the move would help it continue its transformation into a global business more quickly. in addition to ketchup, the company makes classico pasta sauces and ore-ida potatoes, as well as a growing stable of sauces suited to regional tastes around the world. the new york times report noted that options trading in heinz soared this week before the deal was announced thursday morning. call options let investors can place a bet on a stock without committing to buy the shares. investors instead have the option to buy the shares later for a set price. the report noted that the sec often opens inquiries into trading activity after major deals without bringing charges later on. heinz and the buyers haven't been accused of any wrongdoing.
__label__non_math	0.9988	in madrid one of cities where such protests were planned thousands of people marched to demand that the government amend the laws. demonstrations also took place in cities such as barcelona, pamplona, valencia and seville. more than 350,000 spaniards have received eviction orders since because they were unable to make mortgage payments. unemployment is at a staggering percent, with young people the worst hit as spain descends into a double-dip recession. most of those evicted remain liable to repay the sum originally borrowed, even as the value of their homes plunges, rendering them hard to sell. ada colau a spokeswoman for the stop evictions platform who helped organize the demonstrations said the protesters are making these three demands on the government: that unemployed homeowners who cannot pay their mortgages can give their homes back to lenders as payment in kind and that this option is made available retroactively. that a moratorium on evictions is imposed. that vacant, unsold properties held by lenders are rented out as social housing. alarmed by growing disquiet over high eviction rates and the protests they have triggered, prime minister mariano rajoy's government already has yielded to demands to review the country's mortgage and eviction laws. but many observers say the changes, affecting the powerful but struggling banking sector, could take months or years to be approved as they make their way through parliament. "we cannot permit the legislative initiative that has already been given tacit approval by the government to be weakened or reduced to end up something unrecognizable," said colau. "our three demands are the bare minimum required." banks either sell repossessed homes for much less than the original mortgage value or can't unload them. that means the mortgage holders end up owing the difference or paying back the whole loan plus fees and court costs. their wages can be garnished by the banks. madrid protester carlos gomez, , said saturday that he has been warned he will be evicted from his home in april, under a strong police presence. on tuesday, a retired married couple committed suicide in spain, leaving a note saying they also were about to lose their home. that rose to at least five the number of people who are believed to have committed suicide in spain because they had been evicted or were about to be forcibly removed from their repossessed homes.
__label__non_math	0.9999	washington ap victory within reach, president obama exhorted house democrats on saturday to stay true to their party's legacy and make history by bringing health insurance to millions of struggling families now left out. leaders exuded confidence as they defused thorny problems in the countdown to a landmark vote. obama evoked abraham lincoln's moral compass and extolled democratic achievements such as social security and medicare once controversial, now an essential part of the social fabric on a day marked by a frenetic hunt for votes inside the capitol, angry tea party demonstrations at the door. some protesters hurled racial insults at black members of congress. "is this the single most important step that we have taken on health care since medicare?" obama asked rank-and-file democrats far from the chanting crowds. "absolutely. is this the most important piece of domestic legislation, in terms of giving a break to hard working, middle-class families out there? absolutely. "it is in your hands," obama said, bringing lawmakers to their feet. "it is time to pass health care reform for america and i am confident that you are going to do it tomorrow." in a carefully orchestrated appeal to unity ahead of a career-defining vote, obama and house leaders were joined by senate majority leader harry reid, d-nev., who brought a pledge from more than of his democratic colleagues to promptly finish the bill after the house votes sunday. house democrats have been wary of being left in the lurch by the famously unpredictable senate. a series of last-minute flare-ups threatened to slow the democrats' march to passage, after more than a year of grueling effort. the most intense focus was on a small group of democrats concerned that abortion funding restrictions in the legislation don't go far enough. determined to avoid votes on such a charged issue, democratic leaders raised the possibility of an executive order from obama that reaffirms existing federal law barring taxpayer funded abortions except in cases of rape, incest or to save the life of the mother. house democratic leaders abandoned a much-challenged procedure for passing the legislation after an outcry from republicans and protest from some of their members. according to the new plan, the house will vote up or down the health care bill passed by the senate on christmas eve as well as a package of changes. the senate bill would then go to obama for his signature, the companion measure to the senate, which hopes to pass it within the week. minutes after the leadership's change of heart, rep. dennis cardoza, d-calif., announced his support for the health care legislation. cardoza had criticized the planned maneuver. the -year, billion measure represents the biggest expansion of the social safety net since medicare was enacted more than years ago. it provides health coverage to million people now uninsured, bars insurance companies from denying coverage to those in poor health, and sets up new marketplaces where self-employed people and small businesses can pool together to buy coverage. less certain is whether it will also deliver on obama's promise to slow the punishing pace of health care costs. republicans, unanimous in their opposition, complained anew about the bill's cost and reach. senate gop leader mitch mcconnell of kentucky said a fuller analysis of the bill's long-term costs is needed, but democrats have left no time to carry it out. displaying a gritty confidence, house democratic leaders said they were getting closer by the hour. "we are on the verge of making great history for the american people," said house speaker nancy pelosi, d-calif. in a flashback to the day in when obama announced his presidential bid in springfield, ill., the president repeatedly evoked lincoln's perseverance in the face of divisions "we are not bound to win, but we are bound to be true." obama praised two first-term democrats who switched from no to yes colorado's betsy markey and john boccieri of ohio for staying true to democratic principles. "i know this is a tough vote," he said. "i am actually confident that it will be the smart thing politically." obama's appearance came on a frantic day bordering on the surreal and sometimes turning ugly. inside the capitol, democratic leaders pursued the last few votes to reach the 216 needed to pass the sweeping legislation, sometimes in full view on the house floor. several thousand demonstrators opposed to the bill swirled on nearby streets, with some surrounding lawmakers between the capitol and their offices. obama's motorcade was delayed, and as he rode up to capitol hill, many of the protesters booed and gave him a thumbs down. scores crowded into one house office building entranceway booed loudly when liberal rep. barney frank, d-mass., walked by. rep. andre carson, d-ind., said that as he left the cannon house office building with rep. john lewis, d-ga., a leader of the 1960s civil rights movement, some among the crowd chanted "the n-word, the n-word, times." both carson and lewis are black. "it was like going into the time machine with john lewis," carson said. kristie greco, spokeswoman for democratic whip jim clyburn, d-s.c., said a protester spit on rep. emanuel cleaver, d-mo., who is black. clyburn, who led fellow black students in integrating south carolina's public facilities a half century ago, called the behavior "absolutely shocking." "i heard people saying things today that i have not heard since , when i was marching to try to get off the back of the bus," clyburn told reporters. democratic leaders and obama focused last-minute lobbying efforts on two groups of democrats: who voted against an earlier bill in the house and who voted for it only after first making sure it would include strict abortion limits that now have been modified. the pressure remained intense even for those who had decided. rep. stephen lynch, d-mass., who switched from yes to no, received a scathing letter from labor unions in his state. lawmakers said house leaders settled one major issue complicating passage of the bill, concern from lawmakers in states with low health care costs that medicare payments for hospitals and doctors are too paltry. it was unclear how the leaders would resolve the dispute over abortion, or if they could avoid it. rep. bart stupak, d-mich., who succeeded last november in inserting strict anti-abortion language into the house bill, had hoped to do so again. pelosi met saturday with three undecided lawmakers who are part of stupak's group and hoped to peel them off. she succeeded with at least one, rep. chris carney, d-pa. the associated press
__label__non_math	0.9996	chemical weapons probe sought in syria u.s. officials say they don't believe rebels used chemical weapons syrian president bashar al-assad's government and the opposition demanded independent investigations wednesday into countering accusations of the use of chemical weapons, allegations that prompted most members of the u.n. security council to call for a probe. the demands, made in writing to the united nations, came a day after the government and the rebels accused one another of using chemical weapons in fighting in the flashpoint province of aleppo and a rural suburb of the syrian capital of damascus. even as both sides accused the other of using such weapons, the u.s. ambassador to syria and other officials said there was no evidence to substantiate the reports. "so far, we have no evidence to substantiate the reports that chemical weapons were used yesterday," ambassador robert ford told the house foreign affairs committee. "but i want to underline that we're looking very carefully at these reports. we are consulting with partners in the region and in the international community." ford, who was pulled from syria when the united states closed its embassy in damascus more than a year ago, said he was "skeptical" of russian reports that the rebel free syrian army had used chemical weapons. competing calls for investigations throughout the civil war, which began in , it has been difficult for the international community to determine the validity of claims by both sides of violence and casualties because access to the country has been severely restricted by the syrian government. even so, the united nations confirmed wednesday it was studying a written request received from syrian government officials, who were calling for a neutral party to investigate their claim. a majority of the members of the u.n. security council plan to send a letter to secretary-general ban ki-moon to request an inquiry to "shed light" over the reports, said gerard araud, the french ambassador to the united nations. he made the comments after wednesday's closed-door meeting of the security council. the letter asks ban to conduct a "swift, thorough and impartial" investigation, philip parham, the uk's deputy ambassador to the united nations, said. parham described the syrian government's demand as a request for a narrow investigation, looking into only one alleged incident. "the way in which they have framed the request prejudges the outcome of the investigation by alleging it's the opposition that is responsible for that case of use of chemical weapons," he said. the security council is calling for a broader investigation. the rebels' coalition government, meanwhile, demanded an international investigation and called for a delegation to visit the sites of the alleged attacks. military analysts believe the syrian government may have one of the largest stockpiles of chemical weapons in the world. specifically, the supply is believed to include sarin, mustard and vx gases, which are banned under international law. syria has denied the allegation. the use of chemical and biological weapons are banned under the chemical weapons convention. syria is not one of the 188 signatories to the convention, which bans the production, stockpiling and use of chemical weapons. in recent months, reports have repeatedly surfaced that syrian forces moved some of the chemical weapons inventories possibly because of deteriorating security in the country, raising fears the stockpile could fall into the hands of al qaeda-linked groups working with the opposition should al-assad's government fall. as a result, the united states has been talking with neighboring countries about the steps needed to secure the weapons stockpile should al-assad be forced from office. meanwhile, u.s. president barack obama on wednesday reiterated his warning to syria's government that it would be held accountable for the use of chemical weapons "or their transfer to terrorists." "we intend to investigate thoroughly exactly what happened," obama told reporters during a joint news conference in jerusalem with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu. the president said he was "deeply skeptical" of syrian government claims that the opposition used chemical weapons. obama has previously said syria's use of chemical weapons would cross a "red line." "we have been very clear to the assad regime -- but also to other players on the ground -- that a red line for us is, we start seeing a whole bunch of chemical weapons moving around or being utilized," he told reporters. "that would change my calculus; that would change my equation." intelligence agencies pore over the evidence intelligence officials around the world were investigating the accusations, u.s. officials told cnn on wednesday. investigators were talking to rebels and defectors, poring over medical intelligence regarding symptoms reported by doctors and looking at satellite imagery used to track missiles launched and chemical weapons movements, the officials said on condition of anonymity. they were not authorized to release details to the media. a spokesman for netanyahu, mark regev, told cnn that israeli officials had no confirmation that chemical weapons had been used. but regev's comments did not square with those of israeli justice minister tzipi livni. "it is clear for us here in israel" that chemical weapons have been used in syria, and an international response should be on the table, livni told cnn in an exclusive interview from her home in tel aviv. livni wouldn't say whether there is evidence the syrian government has directed the use of any chemical weapons. but she said the development would pose a direct threat to israel, which shares a border with syria. their concerns centered on an attack tuesday in khan al-asal in the northern province of aleppo. state-run media blamed rebels for the attack, which it said killed people and injured more than 110 others. rebels say they have no chemical weapons on wednesday, syria's u.n. ambassador, bashar ja'afari, said the syrian government has asked secretary-general ban ki-moon to open an investigation into the alleged use of chemical weapons by "terrorist groups," which is how the government refers to rebels. but the opposition free syrian army said rebels don't have access to chemical weapons and blamed the casualties on a government missile. separately, an opposition group said the government attacked the rural damascus suburb of ateibeh with "chemical rockets," causing an unspecified number of deaths along with cases of suffocation, nausea and hysteria. there was no immediate government response. the reports ignited a firestorm of reactions, with russia slamming the rebels and some u.s. lawmakers saying that washington might need to take action against the syrian government. observers: images are not consistent with a chemical weapons attack but images posted by syrian state-run media of the aftermath of the aleppo incident, which the government blamed on rebels, are not consistent with a chemical weapon attack, some observers said. "there are no images of the site of the attack; just of some affected people. these people do not show outward symptoms of a cw chemical weapon attack. definitely not mustard; definitely not a nerve agent," wrote jean pascal zanders, senior research fellow at the european union institute for security studies. "there are far too many people, including non-medical staff, around the affected persons. apart from a surgical mask, nobody wears any protective garment or gas masks. if there would have been a cw attack with one of the agents known or believed to be in syria's arsenal, then most of the people present would have been fatally or seriously contaminated." he added that, during the arab uprisings, witness reports cited chemical attacks, but none had been confirmed. "people are exposed to a wide range of toxicants in today's battlefield," he said in an e-mail. "furthermore, once a rumor gets around, people are more likely to think that they suffer from symptoms similar to the ones being rumored." not the first round of claims u.s. officials pointed to previous claims that the syrian government used chemical weapons, which were found to be false after extensive investigation. the syrian government did not use chemical weapons against residents of homs in a december attack, a u.s. state department investigation showed, but did apparently misuse a riot-control gas in the incident, according to senior u.s. officials. the officials said the state department launched a probe from its consulate in istanbul, turkey, after reports from doctors and activists that dozens of people suffered nervous system, respiratory and gastrointestinal ailments after inhaling the gas in homs on december . the civil war -- which began two years ago after a government crackdown on syrian protesters -- has left around ,000 people dead and uprooted more than million others, the united nations has said.
__label__non_math	0.9985	treasury secretary nominee sails through hearing confirmation hearing could get testy treasury secretary nominee jack lew seemingly breezed through tough questions posed by republicans during his first confirmation hearing on wednesday. washington insiders expect lew, currently the white house chief of staff, to be easily confirmed. republicans on the senate finance committee took turns targeting lew's experience at citigroup during the financial crisis, questioning an offshore investment in the cayman islands and a bonus he received even as the bank was being bailed out by taxpayers. but congressional aides, lobbyists and analysts say lew was composed and answered questions thoroughly. "there's nothing that came up in this hearing that could derail this." said brian gardner, a washington analyst with investment firm keefe, bruyette woods. "will he get every republican? no. but at this point i expect lew will be confirmed by a wider margin than geithner was." former treasury secretary tim geithner was confirmed by a vote of -, the minimum needed to prevent a filibuster. senators asked lew about a fund organized in the cayman islands that he and other citigroup employees invested in. lew said he didn't know at the time that the fund was based in the cayman islands. "i was aware that it was an international fund . ..i actually didn't know at the time what the address of the partnership was," lew said. sen. orrin hatch, the utah republican, asked lew about his billion taxpayer-funded bailout. lew was chief operating officer at citi alternative investments in . "mr. lew, you wrote in that your contribution was in line with what other managers at the firm got. that sounds a little to me like: gee dad, everyone was doing it," hatch said. lew responded that his bonus was "fully transparent," and "comparable" with those in his line of work. lew's bonus came on top of a salary of around . republican sen. charles grassley of iowa asked lew about his tenure as a top financial officer at new york university between and , because the private college also invested in funds organized in the cayman islands. lew said he was unaware of those investments at the time. "it's certainly a poor reflection of your tenure there if you didn't know about these investments. . . i'm surprised you didn't know what was going on," grassley said. lew had already declared his cayman islands investment in previous hearings. when he was confirmed as a deputy secretary of state in , lew said that he had invested ,400, he said on wednesday. the obama administration has defended lew's actions. and lew assured senators during the hearing that he had paid taxes on all his income, noting he "lost money" from the cayman islands investment, so he didn't owe any taxes on that. lew, who was nominated last month to succeed tim geithner, stressed several times that his experience working on "almost every major bipartisan budget agreement over the last years," should be a key reason why the senate should confirm him to the position. "i can honestly say that the things that divide washington right now are not as insurmountable as they might look," lew said. sen. johnny isakson, a georgia republican, asked about the impending massive budget cuts and whether lew regretted his role in crafting the original idea of the so-called sequestration. if congress doesn't act, some billion will be slashed from budgets come march , resulting in large scale furloughs and job cuts. lew said the alternative at the time -- risking the credit-worthiness of the united states -- was much more unimaginable than sequestration. "the only alternative that anyone could think of, that could be agreed to, was sequestration, precisely because it's so objectionable," lew said. "it would be better for the country if we have an agreement on a framework to solve our fiscal problems and not go into sequestration."
__label__non_math	1.0000	by the numbers, here's a look at the irs. sam kouvaris interviews west nassau high school's konnor thomas, presents all-star athlete certificate. click "like" to join us on facebook get news4jax on your phone sign up for instant alerts see it. shoot it. share it.
__label__non_math	1.0000	with the city of detroit edging closer to bankruptcy, check out these cities that have already gone broke. in decline for decades now, the city of detroit is edging closer to becoming the largest u.s. municipality to declare bankruptcy. check out these other cities that have gone broke in recent months, according to cnbc and the atlantic cities. wisconsin dept. of natural resources enrique castro-mendivil reuters gene blevins reuters patrick t. fallon reuters larry downing reuters it's easy to upload your photos and or videos on news8000.com. once you do, we'll share your upload with the community
__label__non_math	1.0000	a national report shows shoppers may be stuffing their stockings a little more this holiday season. the national retail federation projected holiday sales will increase .percent this year, its most optimistic forecast since the recession. it takes a special breed of person to brave the crowds at the mall on the day before christmas, especially when that person is already done with all his holiday shopping. "well, i came to view all the craziness," said alex sharon, who spent the morning at valley view mall. even though he wasn t there to shop, alex sharon spent a pretty penny on his holiday gifts this year. "well, we just got engaged, so i spent a little over a thousand just on her," said sharon. he might be setting the bar high, but he's definitely not alone in spending more on the holidays this year. valley view mall general manager jeff odom said the nrf s predictions has been pretty consistent with what he's seeing. "i think we're going to be trending to what the national retail federation put out -- around a -percent sales growth compared to last year, said odom. the feedback that i'm getting across the board is that it's been a good holiday season." part of that may have to do with the timing of christmas this year. since it falls on a tuesday, shoppers have had an extra weekend to buy gifts. it's made a big difference at valley view mall. "saturday was a huge day for us, probably the biggest day of the year. sunday followed up just right behind that," said odom. and while some may dread holiday shopping like a lump of coal in their stockings, shopper brytani shea said it's the best part of the holiday -- even if it's cost her this year. "i guess i'm a fan of giving, said shea. it's definitely my favorite part of christmas." the nrf reports holiday shopping can represent -percent of some retailers' annual sales.
__label__non_math	0.9999	faison -- the funeral for david leon thornton, , of 500 marsh kornegay road, will be held friday at p.m. in the chapel of royal-hall funeral home. the reverends linwood conner and glenn mccullen will officiate. burial will be in thornton family cemetery. mr. thornton died tuesday at wayne memorial hospital. he was a native of sampson county and was the son of the late andrew goodrick and tempie boyette thornton. he retired as a mechanic with worthington ag parts of goldsboro and was a former member of smith chapel fire department and mount olive rescue squad. he was a lifetime member and former chaplain of the suttontown rescue squad, which he was instrumental in forming. he also was a member of goshen pentecostal holiness church. he is survived by his wife of years, gaynell lollis thornton; one daughter, tammy t. sutton of faison; one son, randy thornton of faison; four sisters, daisy t. oursler and wilma t. vaughn of faison, hazel t. martin of goldsboro and sybil t. jones of selma; four brothers, kenneth thornton of dover, fla., hubert thornton of fuquay-varina, billy carter of mount olive and jimmy carter of newton grove; and four grandchildren. the family will receive friends tonight from until at royall-hall funeral home, and other times at the residence. in lieu of flowers, memorial donations may be made to suttontown rescue squad, suttontown road, faison, . published in obituaries on
__label__non_math	1.0000	patricia a. waters dudley -- patricia ann waters, , of 112 jill ct., died saturday evening at wayne memorial hospital. born in wayne county, she was the daughter of the late thomas and elizabeth overton rivenbark, and the sister to the late jean outlaw, glenda bland, teresa peardon, and donald rivenbark. a funeral service will be held monday at a.m. at shumate-faulk funeral home with the rev. rose hicks and the rev. billy rose officiating. burial will follow in wayne memorial park. mrs. waters is survived by her husband, buddy waters; one son and daughter-in-law, jeff and doreen waters of goldsboro; one daughter and son-in-law, renee and robert blackman of pikeville; two brothers, jackie rivenbark of goldsboro, and jerry rivenbark of lucama; one sister, malinda barwick of wilmington; two grandchildren, brianna waters of goldsboro and jordan blackman of pikeville. family members will greet friends sunday evening from until at shumate-faulk funeral home, and other times at the home. in lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be directed to the american lung association, p.o. box , raleigh, n.c., . the family of patricia r. waters would like to express their sincere appreciation and deepest gratitude to dr. j.d. gupta and staff for their compassionate and loving care. published in obituaries on
__label__non_math	0.9992	this article was originally distributed via prweb. prweb, worldnow and this site make no warranties or representations in connection therewith. resco mobile crm runs now effortlessly also on windows , giving the users a consistently enjoyable experience across all platforms. as the highly expected windows operating system gained on popularity and attracted users, the need for a mobile crm solution optimized for this platform arose. resco responded quickly. the new update of resco mobile crm brought a fully optimized version for devices powered by windows . users can benefit from the full functionality of the app, yet enjoy a familiar ui. no shortcomings. the application works both in online and offline mode; contains dashboards, standard and custom crm entities and all the other features that make resco mobile crm the top level mobile crm solution for the microsoft dynamics crm. as usual, the app can be comfortably customized with the resco mobile crm woodford configurator, or significantly altered with the use of the studio software development kit. with this update, resco shows again its will and ability to remain the market leader with the best mobile solution for dynamics crm servers. free download of resco mobile crm app is available at the windows store. about resco mobile crm resco mobile crm for microsoft dynamics crm is an online offline mobile client for iphone ipad, android, android tablet, windows phone, win ce and windows xp vista . the application supports features such as custom entities, interactive maps, gps tracking, photo capturing, dashboards, and many more. for more information visit: resco was founded in . the company is one of the global leaders in developing cross-platform mobile software solutions. the team of resco professionals passes on their knowledge of mobile device technology by designing products for corporate customers, developers, integrators and end users. the purpose? optimizing work and productivity. for more information visit: two months have passed since resco announced that its mobile crm solution aims to support microsoft windows powered devices as well. now it s time to evaluate the results. for the original version on prweb visit:
__label__non_math	1.0000	this article was originally distributed via prweb. prweb, worldnow and this site make no warranties or representations in connection therewith. innovative footwear brand unveils new x8 line at fn platform show in las vegas. los angeles, ca prweb sockwa, an innovative footwear brand dedicated to providing shoes for people who d rather go barefoot, today announced the launch of its new x8 line. composed of a soft, breathable upper bonded to an ultra-thin, high-grip sole, the x8 will be on display beginning at the fn platform show in las vegas. fn platform is the largest, most comprehensive footwear tradeshow throughout north america. converging the global fashion community all under one roof, it is the ideal launching point for the x8. the composition of the x8 makes it the perfect blend of function, comfort and most of all, fashion. as the x8 will demonstrate, sockwa continues to produce the most tactile shoes available for those who would rather be barefoot, expressed ceo david zasloff. he added, we re super excited to see the reaction of our fans and future buyers of this product. given their versatility, much like the g2 and g3, the x8 can be used for a diverse host of activities, ranging from travel to hiking and cycling. with a crushable, washable and extremely lightweight less than three ounces each disposition, sockwa makes for an ideal second shoe to roll, stow and go. many of our customers have been assessing the marketplace and inquiring when they would experience a minimalist shoe that emulated barefoot yet offered just enough protection and most importantly, breathability, explained zasloff. good for not only your feet and well-being, but for the environment as well. sockwa are made from non-toxic, solvent-free, decomposable, readily recyclable, hypo-allergenic, anti-odor uppers along with rubber-free soles; thus, making them the perfect shoes for those to tread earth lightly. born on the beaches of southern california, sockwa started out making specialized footwear for the beach soccer and volleyball realms. when our customers told us they wanted to wear their sockwa off the beach, we added a durable, ultra thin sole creating the lightest most tactile shoe on the planet. for more information on sockwa, its team and its latest product offerings, please visit or follow along on twitter at david zasloff , ceo 805.350. dzasloff at sockwa dot com for the original version on prweb visit:
__label__non_math	0.9982	- roving operation road construction. right lane closed on the southern st pkwy wb between meadowbrook pkwy x22 and nassau queens line in nassau queens wind: east mph barometer: .hg do you want to make westchester rockland your default region? has some last-minute ideas for college graduation gifts.
__label__non_math	1.0000	thoughts, ideas and videos from the world of movies, music, tv and everything else pop culture. bloggerskaydi poirier rafer guzman polly higgins posts next postmariah carey's nip slip: singer has wardrobe malfunction onstage holly madison says she'll ingest her own placenta totally gross or perfectly natural? former playboy playmate and girls next door star holly madison says she intends to ingest her own placenta after giving birth to a daughter, due anytime now. this might sound gross, but i m totally planning on having my placenta turned into pills i can take after giving birth, madison, wrote on her blog wednesday. i heard it helps women recover faster and i want to recover as quickly as i can it may come as a surprise that the ex-girlfriend of hugh hefner is not the first celebrity to endorse the controversial practice: mad men star january jones touted the power of placenta last year after giving birth to her first child, xander dane, in september . your placenta gets dehydrated and made into vitamins, she explained to people. it s something i was very hesitant about, but we re the only mammals who don t ingest our own placentas. jones credited the pills -- along with vitamins, teas and eating well -- for giving her the energy to tackling a grueling shooting schedule when she returned to work on mad men six weeks after her son's delivery. it s not witch-crafty or anything moms, what do you think? are placenta pills nasty or a great idea? would you do it?
__label__non_math	0.9995	news, views and commentary on long island, state and national politics bloggersdan janison rick brand tom brune robert brodsky paul larocco yancey roy celeste hadrick trudge toward senate ballot counting begins don t expect a result any time soon in the state senate race that might decide what party controls the chamber. on the first day of what stacks up to be a lengthy review of paper ballots, a montgomery county judge merely set the preliminary schedule for democrat and republican lawyers to argue about what ballots should count. there s no time table yet for when any of the 870 disputed...
__label__non_math	0.9925	newsday's bob glauber goes the extra yard for the inside scoop on the nfl. ,000 yard rushers - the year after adrian peterson put together an all-time season, his ,097 rushing yards coming just nine yards shy of breaking eric dickerson's nfl single-season record set in . and he had reconstructive knee surgery for a torn acl in december . while most minnesota vikings fans and probably quite a few green bay packers fans, as well are wondering how he'll do in this postseason, the point of...
__label__non_math	1.0000	rick dipietro gives up five goals in ahl start, gets pulled web linksisles files his bridgeport sound tigers teammates left connecticut players open all over the defensive zone in the first period of friday night's -whale win at the xl center, and dipietro allowed five goals on shots. "i'm disappointed, obviously," dipietro said. "it's really not the start or the result, i don't think, anyone wanted. tomorrow is a new day. i'll get back on the ice tomorrow and just get better." rookie goalie kenny reiter, who is on an ahl contract, replaced dipietro for the second period. bridgeport coach scott pellerin said dipietro will play saturday at home against adirondack. "i'm very upset in the way our team played in front of him," pellerin said. "we didn't execute our game plan. it was like we were waiting to see what he was going to do instead of playing our game." the islanders sent down dipietro last saturday after he cleared waivers. he got three days of practice with bridgeport, which is winless in seven games and was the worst in the ahl entering friday night's game with .goals allowed per game. in a thursday interview, dipietro made comments to news that suggested he considered suicide while working his way back from the injuries that short-circuited what had been an all-star career. he later denied that he meant that literally and said the controversy was no distraction, though he did say he was devastated by the demotion and didn't see it coming. the whale scored power-play goals on its first two shots in the first four minutes. chris kreider, sent down by the rangers on thursday, was left open to dipietro's left to redirect logan pyett's pass at . just seconds later, brandon segal finished off kris newbury's left-to-right pass. dipietro made a glove save on former teammate micheal haley's left-circle wrister and got a pad on a bouncer that redirected off a sound tiger. but he didn't appear to see mike vernace's left-point shot that went through a screen and over his blocker on the whale's eighth shot. the whale made it -at on its 10th shot, a two-on-one between christian thomas and brandon mashinter that gave thomas an open net. dipietro attempted to move the puck away from his net on the backhand with three minutes left in the period, but it caromed around the front of the net, off teammate kirill kabanov's skate and in for the whale's fifth goal in shots.
__label__non_math	0.9994	thousands of travelers are still sitting bored and bleary-eyed in airports, stuck buses, and subways today, a day after parts of the northeast got slammed by more than feet of show. "people are exhausted. they want to get home," sighed a tel aviv-bound traveler who had been marooned at jfk airport since yesterday. and some may sit for days. many planes are booked solid because of the busy holiday season, and recession-hit airlines are operating fewer flights. new york faced a domino effect: with snow coming down at -inches per hour, plows had to plow streets repeatedly to keep them open. cabs were scarce as cabbies abandoned them in snow-clogged streets, further frustrating plowing efforts. buses sputtered to a halt in snow drifts. trains stopped in their tracks. even the new york city subway system broke down in spots, trapping riders for hours. many side streets in new york city remained unplowed well into the day, and pedestrians began to complain. "it's being handled by the best professionals in the business," said a testy michael bloomberg. at jfk, a dearth of taxis, shuttles, and trains meant many passengers tired of waiting around couldn't have left even if they wanted to. "there's literally no way to leave," said one would-be passeger. but light at the end of the tunnel: by local time, several flights leaving kennedy were listed as on time for departure.
__label__non_math	1.0000	a -year-old climber died on mt. mckinley yesterday, soon after reaching the ,320-foot summit, reports reuters. after a -hour climb, brian young returned to the high camp, ,000 feet below the summit, when he apparently suffered a heart attack and stopped breathing. attempts... read full story
__label__non_math	1.0000	through a special agreement with more than 800 newspapers worldwide, the newseum displays these front pages each day on its website. the front pages are in their original, unedited form, and some may contain material that is deemed objectionable to some visitors. discretion is advised. anyone seeking permission to use a front page must credit and link to the newseum and contact the newspaper directly for permission. u.s. - see all papers - sort papers by region
__label__non_math	0.9998	yesterday, during their republican convention coverage, megyn kelly and brit hume kept right on talking during the singing of the star spangled banner. mediaite noted that while msnbc aired the song in full, kelly and hume "acknowledged the anthem before going right back to discussing the convention. as they were literally in an open-air box in the convention center, the anchors actually had to raise their voices." if msnbc had done it, fox news' coverage would have gone something like, "well, a network's decision to talk over the singing of our national anthem has some people wondering if that shows a disrespect for america." and then the slew of attacks from a "fair and balanced" debate would ensue. update: i just noticed they talked over the pledge of allegiance, too. if they really loved america, wouldn't they have stood up and joined in?
__label__non_math	0.9941	one way or another, the issue of gay marriage seems squarely headed to the supreme court. two federal appellate court decisions, one in massachusetts and the other in california, have set the stage for challenges to federal and state laws limiting marriage to a union between a man and a woman. but the bigger news is that a confrontation in the court, which many civil libertarians and gay rights activists originally feared would come too soon, now seems to be proceeding at just the right pace. the politics of gay marriage have changed, and that cannot help but affect the legal battle. courts can only get so far ahead of the public, and in this case, they aren't nearly as far ahead as they would have been a few years ago. in the massachusetts case, which challenged the federal defense of marriage act's prohibition of benefits to married same-sex couples, the united states court of appeals for the first circuit held that the federal law unconstitutionally interfered with the autonomy of states, in this case massachusetts, to define marriage. now, for anyone who followed the recent arguments on obamacare, you may remember that it was conservatives who were pushing the argument that the federal government couldn't tell states what to do about healthcare. in the gay marriage case, by contrast, the state is using the same argument to support the liberal position that the federal government can't tell them which marriages can be recognized. in theory, federalism has always been a double-edged sword, usually wielded based on political considerations. but in recent years, at least, it has been the conservative justices who have used federalism to strike down federal laws limiting state autonomy. certainly that was the thrust of the argument you heard on obamacare from the four-man bloc led by justice scalia. so what do conservatives do now that the table has turned? stand by their usual dedication to state autonomy, or rule that it doesn't matter when it's same-sex marriage at issue? in the california case, the state supreme court originally held that same-sex couples were entitled to marry under the california constitution. the prop initiative, passed by the voters, overruled that decision. with real concern and indeed some opposition from the gay community afraid of teeing up the issue for defeat, a coalition brought suit in federal court claiming that prop , in revoking the right to marry, was itself unconstitutional. the district court so held; the ninth circuit panel, by a vote of to , upheld that decision, and the court as a whole, over four dissents, ruled on tuesday that it would not rehear the case before a panel of judges, known as en banc review. that means the next step, which the losing side has vowed to take, is to appeal to the supreme court. now, the supreme court can always decide not to hear cases, even those that technically are appeals as of right. neither case raises the unadorned question of whether the constitution requires that states grant marriage licenses to same-sex couples: the massachusetts case is about the autonomy of a state that chose to do so; the california case raises the issue of whether a state, having granted the right, violates the constitution when it takes it away. even so, reversal in either would be a major blow for the proponents of same-sex marriage; affirmance, a major triumph. the betting is that one or both of these cases will end up in the supreme court and with a decent, maybe very decent, chance of winning. how things have changed. the gay marriage issue today is in a different place from where it was a few short years ago. the sky didn't fall in massachusetts. it isn't falling in new york or connecticut or new hampshire or vermont. the president himself has endorsed it, which is something no national candidate would do even in . and while the polls can be read both ways, no one thinks obama stands to lose ground by his support. perhaps more to the point, it seems clear which way the wind is blowing. sooner or later, and probably sooner than anyone would have dared predict, same-sex marriage will be accepted for what it is: a matter of personal choice that is really no one's business beyond the two people involved. susan estrich is a best-selling author whose writings have appeared in newspapers such as the new york times, los angeles times, and washington post, and she has been a commentator on countless tv news programs. read more reports from susan estrich click here now. creators syndicate inc.
__label__non_math	0.9883	washington ap the house tuesday rejected a plan backed by president barack obama to extend a percentage point payroll tax cut for two months to buy time for talks on a full-year renewal. republicans controlling the chamber are instead demanding immediate talks with the senate on a year-long plan. if congress doesn't pass a bill by the end of the year, payroll taxes will go up for 160 million workers on jan. . almost million people could lose unemployment benefits in january as well. the house vote, 229-193, kicks the measure back to the senate, where the bipartisan two-month measure passed on saturday by a sweeping -vote. the senate then promptly left washington for the holidays. senate majority leader harry reid, d-nev., says he won't allow bargaining until the house approves the senate's short-term measure. the vote caps a partisan debate on obama's jobs agenda, which has featured numerous campaign-style appearances but little real bipartisan negotiation, other than senate talks last week that produced the two-month extension. the senate's short-term, lowest-common-denominator approach would renew a percentage point cut in the social security payroll tax, plus jobless benefits averaging about a week for the long-term unemployed, and would prevent a percent cut in medicare payments to doctors. the house passed a full-year extension last week, containing many spending cuts opposed by democrats. house republicans, however, have erupted in frustration at the senate measure, which drops changes to the unemployment insurance system pressed by conservatives, along with cuts to president barack obama's health care law. also driving their frustration was that the senate, as it so often does, appeared intent on leaving the house holding the bag pressuring house lawmakers to go along with its plan. both sides were eager to position themselves as the strongest advocates of the payroll tax cut, with house republicans accusing the senate of lollygagging on vacation and senate democrats countering that the house was seeking a partisan battle rather than taking the obvious route of approving the stopgap bill to buy more time for negotiations.
__label__non_math	0.9999	baghdad iraqi authorities say a car bomb has killed four shiite pilgrims as they were heading to shrines in the country's south. police officials say the thursday morning attack involved a car bomb that struck a bus carrying the pilgrims near the shiite holy city of karbala. the blast also wounded pilgrims. a medical official in a nearby hospital confirmed the casualties. all officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they are not authorized to talk to the media. violence has ebbed in across iraq, but insurgents frequently attack security forces and shiite pilgrims in an attempt to undermine the country's shiite-led government.
__label__non_math	0.9997	the showdown is set for a coastal division title and the right to play in the acc championship. virginia tech routed miami -on saturday. j.w. stehle was in blacksburg and has reaction from the hokies about gearing for the cavaliers. monticello advanced in the region ii playoffs with a come-from-behind win against handley. the virginia women's soccer team will host second round action, after knocking off loyola tonight. the virginia men's basketball team prepares to do battle with arizona. virginia men's basketball's match up with arizona is discussed during this week's segment. barry bonds has been officially indicted on perjury and obstruction of justice charges. virginia was unable to find the net against top seeded boston college. the voice of the cavaliers talks about one of the hottest topics in college football, excessive celebration. several local high school stand outs signed national letters of intent today. the acc has narrowed it contenders for a championship down to just four teams. j.w. stehle takes a closer look at who will play for the title in jacksonville on december 1st. the lions junior varsity football team stormed past fluvanna in the championship game. ryan zimmerman had another minor procedure performed on his wrist today. the cavaliers topped nc state in the first round of the conference tournament. the western albemarle volleyball team saw its season come to an end tonight at the hands of grafton. virginia looks to start off the season with two consecutive wins on wednesday night. both the monticello mustangs and stab saints are vying for postseason glory. monticello plays in the first round of the regional playoffs friday night, while stab goes for a repeat state championship saturday afternoon. in this week's edition of the monday evening quarterback, j.w. stehle takes a look back at virginia's -victory against miami in the final game ever played at the historic orange bowl. virginia falls to -on the season in a close affair with the colonials. the cavaliers and hokies close out their regular seasons at scott stadium on november . the senior defensive end continues to pile up his possible accolades. the cavaliers head coach sat down with cbs19's marc davis for his weekly monday interview this afternoon. click here to view other polls on our site and past poll results.
__label__non_math	0.9993	published in blood weekly, "patients treated with the low bolus dose u kg were more... want to see the full article? welcome to newsrx learn more about a six-week, no-risk free trial of blood weekly newsrx also is available at lexisnexis, gale, proquest, factiva, dialog, thomson reuters, newsedge, and dow jones.
__label__non_math	0.9945	published in elder law weekly, "the pharmacokinetic parameters of most antibacterial agents are altered when assessed in the elderly due in... want to see the full article? welcome to newsrx learn more about a six-week, no-risk free trial of elder law weekly newsrx also is available at lexisnexis, gale, proquest, factiva, dialog, thomson reuters, newsedge, and dow jones.
__label__non_math	0.9999	published in law and health weekly, "the heparin-binding site of antithrombin is shown here to play a crucial role in mediating the antiangiogenic activity of conformationally altered cleaved and latent forms of the serpin," investigators in the united states report. "blocking the heparin-binding site of cleaved or latent antithrombin by complexation with a high-affinity heparin pentasaccharide abolished the serpin's ability to inhibit proliferation, migration, capillary-like tube formation, basic fibroblast growth factor bfgf signaling, and perlecan gene expression in bfgf-stimulated human umbilical vein... want to see the full article? welcome to newsrx learn more about a six-week, no-risk free trial of law and health weekly newsrx also is available at lexisnexis, gale, proquest, factiva, dialog, thomson reuters, newsedge, and dow jones.
__label__non_math	1.0000	published in medical letter on the cdc and fda, as a pr, over the next six years, chf will be directly responsible for managing honduras' us million in hiv-focused resources for the global fund, including program development, technical support, volunteer and community mobilization, pharmaceutical procurement and monitoring and evaluation. chf international will directly sub-grant the global fund resources to the honduran government and... want to see the full article? welcome to newsrx learn more about a six-week, no-risk free trial of medical letter on the cdc and fda
__label__non_math	0.9961	published in women's health weekly, "estrogens have an important role in the development and progression of breast cancer. 17beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 17hsd1 , type 17hsd2 , and type 17hsd5 are associated with sex steroid metabolism in normal and cancerous breast tissue," said o. oduwole and colleagues, oulu university. in their study, "the mrna expressions of the 17hsd1, 17hsd2, and 17hsd5 enzymes were analyzed in 794 breast carcinoma specimens by using tissue microarrays and normal histologic sections. the results were... want to see the full article? welcome to newsrx learn more about a six-week, no-risk free trial of women's health weekly
__label__non_math	0.9983	man u files m initial public offering on nyse london, july ani : english premier league club manchester united has filed an initial public offer ipo on the new york stock exchange that will see their owners, the glazer family keep control of them. manchester united said in a filing with regulators that they would be seeking to raise 100 million dollars in the ipo. the figure in the initial ipo paperwork is typically a placeholder and there is conjecture that the club will be seeking to raise up to billion dollars. the glazer family, which bought united in for 790 million pounds, scrapped earlier ambitions to float in singapore because of the commotion in global financial markets. "it is one of the most popular and successful sports teams in the world, playing one of the most popular spectator sports on earth," the telegraph quoted united, as telling to their investors in its filing with regulators. the club warned potential investors that it would adopt a dual-class share structure, with b shares enjoying ten times the voting rights than a shares. it is a structure that will allow the glazer family, which also own the nfl team, tamp bay bucaneers, to retain control of all key decisions at the club. the proceeds of the sale will go towards repaying the club's debt, which stood at 423.2m pounds at the end of march. ani read more: united nations volunteers i made a mistake and paid a price for it- ranbir kapoor army clerk held in jaipur on charges of spying for pak preity zinta promotes ishq in paris in mumbai
__label__non_math	1.0000	cvb hopes to increase tours bureau continuing to focus on former prison wednesday, the jefferson city council has just approved the budget for the jefferson city convention and visitors bureau cvb , but director steve picker already has big plans for the money. at monday evening's city council meeting, the council approved a ,000 from last year. but despite the drop, picker said the cvb still plans on making one thing, in particular, its highest priority. "we are spending a lot of our effort and energy on the prison tours because it really is bringing in a lot of people right now," picker said. and the numbers back up that decision. this past season, which picker said extended from march to the end of october, ,700 people took the tour - which is up by 275 percent from last year. part of the success of the tours, picker said, is the marketing campaign the cvb has devised, with different billboards along the i-corridor. picker said that while he cannot specifically point to numbers that correlate with the campaign, he said he still thinks it has made a difference. "they are a little bit hard to track, but the funny thing is we hear people commenting that 'oh, i saw your billboard" or "oh, i was driving along and i'm buying tours to the prison because i saw the billboard'," picker said. "so, we feel we get a pretty good response on those." as mayor john landwehr mentioned at monday night's meeting, picker said there are tentative plans to expand the tours out in the spring. "we don't have all of the details worked out yet, but we are hoping to do a pilot program in the spring," picker said. "we have talked with the state office of administration and we are going to put together a concept for next spring." picker said he could not give a specific outline of how the tours will be different, he said the hope is to offer "a number of different types of tours." one of the biggest challenges picker said he and his staff have, however, is explaining to people that the prison tours is not the only thing the cvb does. picker said one of newer places to which the budget will be directed is the website, with a particular emphasis on building a mobile site for smart phones in the near future. "we would like to also do an interactive map on our website and put our historic tours brochure and our meeting planners' guide online," picker said. "so, we've got a lot of ideas."
__label__non_math	0.9999	by nick lawton midland - of popcorn sales go directly to the buffalo trail council's scouting programs, and with the absence of a grant, sales may be more important than ever. fortunately, there's a new pop in their product. regular buyers of boy scout popcorn will find their favorite buttery, caramel, and chocolate-covered treats with a brand-new look this year. "we're trying to make it more convenient for them so sales can be up this year in order to accommodate for that lack of funding," valerie acosta, the council's finance director, said. now the popcorn comes in recyclable, recloseable packages that help keep the taste fresh and better, but not at the cost of health. this year the popcorn is made with natural sweetener and canola oil, promoting a healthier diet. "it's much healthier, it's better for you," acosta said. "more product for the consumer, less waste for their environment, it's also great for our community so that scouting can continue to survive in this area." the popcorn may be a little more expensive, but has more product per package. local scoutmaster chris macleod says even though the economic environment has been anything but great, he has faith sales will be good. "they have a lot of fun, and i have a far higher positive response that they're receiving than negative," macleod said. "the community likes boy scouts. they believe in the program." and if that diet of yours is too strong for the new look, you can still donate a box of popcorn to our troops overseas. newsroom phone: 432 567- can t find what you're looking for?
__label__math	1.0000	theme of workshop: the workshop will be dedicated to diverse aspects of the algebraic theory of difference equations. we expect to represent topics such as: - the galois theory of difference and q-difference equations - isomonodromic deformation problems and painlev differenceequations - integrability of analytic difference equations - difference algebraic geometry - dynamics of rational maps - connections with the model theory of difference fields in addition to lectures on research developments, we expect to have a few introductory lectures on some of the topics mentioned above. speakers will include: g casale rennes , z chatzidakis paris , m gekhtmann notre dame , r halburd univ. college, london , ch hardouin heidelberg , p kowalski wroclaw , i laine joensuu , sp novikov maryland , m van der put groningen , j-p ramis toulouse , j sauloy toulouse , th scanlon berkeley , m singer north carolina state , v sokolov landau inst., moscow , i taimanov novosibirsk , h umemura chuo , l di vizio paris .
__label__non_math	0.9984	embedded deep in the book of revelation -- chapter to be precise -- there is a scene that paints a very different picture of christmas morning and the birth of christ. john, the recipient of jesus' revelation, records a vision in which he sees what appears to be a woman clothed with the sun. she is pregnant and about to give birth. john then sees another sign, a dragon that stands ready to devour the child upon the child's birth. the child is born, and just before the dragon pounces, angels snatch the baby to heaven and send the woman into the wilderness. there is great controversy surrounding the interpretation of this rich text and many questions remain. whether it is an alternative scene of the christmas morning is under scrutiny. no matter its meaning, historical or otherwise, we find that this story reminds us of a simple truth: the enemy is always ready to devour us in our most vulnerable moment. there are many occasions in the bible in which satan stands ready to steal the hearts, minds, and souls of god's children. in job, satan the accuser went "to and fro" upon the earth job : . in the gospels, peter became especially vulnerable when he heard about jesus' eventual death. jesus "rebuked" him and told him to "get thee behind me satan" matt. . first peter advises us to keep alert and sober, because "your adversary the devil prowls around, looking for someone to devour" peter. : . when we forget that satan is one who draws near to us simply because we try to do god's will, we forget satan has the power to keep us from reaching our greatest potential in christ. ever wonder why you fear telling your co-worker about jesus when she talks about her failing marriage? it might just be satan keeping you from telling the good news. what about the many times you make a promise only to break it the next day? it just might be the enemy tempting you, and quite successfully at that. too often, we blame our shortfalls -- individual and communal -- on other influences. my own tradition -- that of the progressive movement -- has a bad habit of blaming social or economic systems for the woes of humanity. why blame satan when chief executive officers make for excellent scapegoats? and conservatives aren't exempt -- it's not all about individual responsibility and laziness when it comes to society's moral decay. after reading revelation , we can be reminded that the real culprit to many of our issues might not necessarily be as explicit as an unethical corporation. the real culprit might just be a spiritual being, eluding us at every turn and deceiving us into believing that we can master its very presence. the bible attests to the fact that satan does a good job of flying under the radar while he binds us and keeps us in the throes of despair and death. the gospel of mark :- tells of a demoniac who lived in a cemetery. the local villagers tried to chain him, but to no avail. interestingly, even though the man broke out of the chains, he still did not leave the cemetery. he didn't need chains to keep him bound to the evil presence in his midst. only when jesus liberated this captive from spiritual bondage did the man finally become free enough to return home as a healed individual. no system, political or otherwise, or excuse kept the man in the tombs. he was always free to go home, but jesus named the problem -- there were demons about -- and gave the man permission to move beyond the pretense of shackles and chains. christmas morning allows us to celebrate christ's birth, but it also makes room for god to give birth to something new in our life. my prayer is that god will give all of us liberation from the enemy, that we may reach our greatest potential in christ for the sake of the gospel. the rev. joe laguardia is the senior pastor of trinity baptist church, 301 honey creek road, conyers. e-mail him at firstname.lastname or visit
__label__non_math	0.9983	james l. koon, , of newton, was charged with violation of a no contact order at p.m. tuesday when officers found him at his residence at n. 2nd ave. w. he was taken to the jasper county jail. linda s. koon, , of the same address, was charged with aiding and abetting for allowing james koon to stay at that residence. she was released to appear. richard j. samuelson, , of newton, was charged with operating while intoxicated third offense and second-degree burglary following an incident at the mid-iowa motel at p.m. wednesday. samuelson allegedly broke a door at the motel and attempted to assault the resident. samuelson refused a sobriety test and the datamaster test. he was taken to the jasper county jail. a criminal charge is merely an accusation, and the defendant is presumed innocent until and unless proven guilty. it is the policy of the newton daily news to release the names of individuals charged with a crime who are and older.
__label__non_math	0.9999	newton police department kelly n. hardie, , of newton was charged monday with possession of marijuana and operating while intoxicated following an investigation by authorities into an accident on oct. . hardie allegedly had bags of marijuana in her possession, and a urine sample tested positive for marijuana. hardie was located at s. seventh ave. e. and arrested. she was released to appear in court. logan e. harlow, , of newton was charged with second-degree criminal mischief after authorities responded to a vandalism complaint at p.m. dec. at 115 w. second st. n. harlow was charged for allegedly keying a vehicle, causing an estimated ,601.in damage. he was taken to jail. if you have any technical difficulties, either with your username and password or with the payment options, please contact us by e-mail at email
__label__non_math	1.0000	stevenson, lehman going into canadian lacrosse hall of fame former new westminster salmonbellies star craig stevenson will be inducted into the canadian lacrosse hall of fame along with long-time salmonbellies junior executive murray lehman in the builders category on saturday. stevenson grew up in ontario but the bellies attracted him west in and he never went back staying with the new westminster squad until . he finished his career 17th in all-time western lacrosse association scoring. between the bellies and the peterborough lakers he racked up 440 goals and 711 assists in 400 senior a games. stevenson also played in the national lacrosse league for buffalo, ottawa, vancouver and calgary scoring points in games. lehman first managed team's in new west's minor system in the 1970s before becoming b.c. junior a lacrosse league commissioner in , which he did for nine seasons. in he began an season stretch on the jr. bellies board as assistant general manager, general manager and president which included the team winning the minto cup. he has also been on the hall of fame's board of governors since and is also currently in his fifth season as general manager of the jr. b bellies. the canadian olympic gold medal squad, which was made up of the mann cup champion new westminster salmonbellies, will be inducted into the team category. lacrosse was a demonstration sport at the games in amsterdam, and the three countries involved canada, the united states and england all ended up in a three-way tie for first. during their sojourns to and from the netherlands, the salmonbellies amassed an -record. six players, two builders and two teams will be inducted at the hall's banquet and ceremonies to be held at the firefighters' club in burnaby on nov. .
__label__non_math	0.9974	battle of the boyne the battle of the boyne was a turning point in the williamite war in ireland, between the deposed king james vii of scotland and ii of england and his son-in-law and successor, william iii "william of orange" , for the english, scottish, and irish thrones. it took place on old style date , just outside of the town of drogheda on ireland's east coast. as a consequence of the adoption of the gregorian calendar, the battle is now commemorated on july . though not militarily decisive, its symbolic importance has made it one of the most infamous battles in british and irish history and a key part in irish protestant folklore. it is still commemorated today, principally by the orange order. irish protestants have cast the battle as one between william the representative of christ and the forces of darkness. their victory meant that the protestants had "won" ireland, and it justified their ascendancy. king william's victory was followed by systematic efforts to protestantize ireland with protestant settlers and legal restrictions on the rights of catholics. however, this was but a chapter in a continuing process of what was called the "pacification" of ireland, beginning with pope adrian iv's bull that granted ireland to england and henry ii's invasion of . this process led to the establishment of a protestant majority in the province of ulster, most of which became northern ireland in , and where conflict between catholic and protestants, known as the "troubles," led to british military intervention in between and . a sectarian battle the battle of the boyne was the decisive encounter in a war that was primarily about james's attempt to regain the thrones of england and scotland, but is widely remembered as a decisive moment in the struggle between protestant and catholic factions in ireland. however, recent analyses have played down the religious aspect of the conflict. in fact, both armies were religiously mixed, and william of orange's own elite force the dutch blue guards had the papal banner with them on the day, many of the guardsmen being dutch catholics. they were part of the league of augsburg, a cross-christian alliance designed to stop a french conquest of europe, supported by the vatican. the war in ireland was also the beginning of a long-running but ultimately unsuccessful campaign by james's supporters, the jacobites, to restore the stuart dynasty rule to the british thrones. while most jacobites in ireland were indeed catholics, many english and scottish jacobites were protestants and were motivated by loyalty to the principle of monarchy considering james to have been illegally deposed in a coup or to the stuart dynasty in particular, rather than by religion. a handful of british jacobites fought with james at the boyne. in addition, some of the french regiments fighting with the jacobites at the boyne were composed of german protestants. in a european context, therefore, the battle was not a religiously motivated one, but part of a complicated political, dynastic, and strategic conflict. in an irish context, however, the war was a sectarian and ethnic conflict, in many ways a re-run of the irish confederate wars of years earlier. for irish jacobites, the war was fought for irish sovereignty, religious toleration for catholicism, and land ownership. the irish catholic upper classes had lost almost all their lands after cromwell's conquest and had also lost the right to hold public office, practice their religion, and to sit in the irish parliament. they saw the reign of the catholic king james as a means of redressing these grievances and to secure the autonomy of ireland from the english parliament. to these ends, under richard talbot, 1st earl of tyrconnell they had raised an army to restore james to his throne after the glorious revolution. by , they controlled all of ireland except for the northern province of ulster. most of james ii's troops at the boyne were irish catholics. conversely, for williamites in ireland, the war was about maintaining protestant and british rule in ireland. the irish williamites were mainly protestant settlers from england and scotland who had come to the country during the plantations of ireland. they were a majority in the northern province of ulster. they feared for both their lives and their property if james and his catholic supporters were allowed to rule ireland. in particular, they feared a repeat of the irish rebellion of , when there had been widespread massacres of protestants. for these reasons, the protestant settler community fought en masse for william iii. many of the williamite troops at the boyne, including their very effective irregular cavalry, were protestants from ulster, who called themselves "eniskilleners" and were referred to by contemporaries as "scotch-irish." the competing sides the opposing armies in the battle were led by the roman catholic king james of england, scotland and ireland and opposing him, his son-in-law the protestant william iii "william of orange" , who had deposed james from his english and scottish thrones in the previous year. james' supporters still controlled much of ireland and the irish parliament. james also enjoyed the support of the french king, louis xiv, who did not want to see a hostile monarch, such as william, on the throne of england. to support james' restoration, louis sent french troops to ireland to support the irish jacobites. william was already stadtholder of the netherlands and was able to call on dutch and allied troops from continental europe as well as from great britain. james was a seasoned general who had proven his bravery when fighting for his brother king charles ii in europe, notably at the battle of the dunes in . however, recent historians have noted that he was prone to panicking under pressure and to making rash decisions. william was also a seasoned commander and able general but had yet to win a full battle. many of his battles ended in bloody stalemates, prompting at least one modern historian to argue that william lacked an ability to manage armies in the thick of battle. william's success against the french had been reliant upon tactical maneuvers and good diplomacy rather than force. his diplomacy had assembled the league of augsburg a multi-national coalition formed to resist french aggression in europe. from william's point of view, his takeover of power in england and the ensuing campaign in ireland was just another front in the war against louis xiv of france. james ii's subordinate commanders were richard talbot, 1st earl of tyrconnell, who was the lord deputy of ireland and james's most powerful supporter in that country; and the french general lauzun. william's second in command was the frederick schomberg, 1st duke of schomberg, a year old professional soldier. he had formerly been a marshal of france, but had been expelled in , from his native country by louis xiv because he was a huguenot protestant. the williamite army at the boyne was about ,000 strong, composed of troops from many countries. around ,000 had been in ireland since , commanded by schomberg. william himself arrived with ,000 more in june . william's troops were in general far better trained and equipped than were those of james. the best williamite infantry were from denmark and the netherlands, professional soldiers equipped with the latest flintlock muskets. there were also a large contingent of french huguenot troops fighting with the williamites. william did not have a high opinion of his british troops, with the exception of the ulster protestant irregulars who had held ulster in the previous year. the english and scottish troops were felt to be politically unreliable, since james had been their legitimate monarch up to a year before. moreover, they had only been raised recently and had seen little combat. the jacobites were ,500 strong. james had several regiments of french troops, but most of his manpower was provided by irish catholics. the jacobite's irish cavalry, who were raised from among the dispossessed irish gentry, proved themselves to be high caliber troops at the battle. however, the irish infantry, predominantly peasants who had been pressed into service, were not trained soldiers. they had been hastily trained, badly supplied, and only a minority of them had functional muskets. in fact, some of them at the boyne carried only farm implements, such as scythes. on top of that, the jacobite infantry who had firearms were all equipped with the obsolete matchlock musket. william had landed in carrickfergus in ulster on , and marched south to take dublin. it has been argued that the jacobites should have tried to block this advance in rugged country around newry, on the present day irish border. however, james only fought a delaying action there and chose instead to place his line of defense on the boyne river, around km from dublin. the williamites reached the boyne on june . the day before the battle, william himself had a narrow escape, when he was wounded by jacobite artillery while surveying the fords over which his troops would cross the river. the battle itself was fought on july , over a ford of the boyne at oldbridge, near drogheda. william sent about a quarter of his men to cross at a place called roughgrange, near slane, about km from oldbridge. the duke of schomberg's son, meinhardt schomberg, later the 3rd duke led this crossing, which was unsuccessfully opposed by irish dragoons. james panicked when he saw that he might be outflanked and sent half his troops, along with most of his cannon to counter this move. what neither side had realized was that there was a deep ravine at roughgrange, so that the forces there could not engage each other, but literally sat out the battle. the williamites there went on a long detour march which, late in the day, almost saw them cut off the jacobite retreat at the village of naul. at the main ford at oldbridge, william's infantry led by the elite dutch blue guards forced their way across the river, using their superior firepower to slowly drive back the enemy foot-soldiers, but were pinned down by the counter-attacks of the jacobite cavalry. having secured the village of oldbridge, some williamite infantry held off successive cavalry attacks with disciplined volley fire while others were driven into the river. william's second in command, the duke of schomberg, and george walker were killed in this phase of the battle. the williamites were not able to resume their advance until their own horsemen managed to cross the river and, after being badly mauled, held off the jacobite cavalry, who retired and regrouped at donore, where they once again put up stiff resistance before retiring. the jacobites retired in good order. william had a chance to trap the retreating jacobites as they crossed the river nanny at duleek, but was held up by a successful jacobite rear-guard. the casualty figure of the battle was quite low for a battle of such a scale of the ,000 or so participants, about ,000 died, three quarters of whom were jacobites. the reason for the low death toll was that in contemporary warfare, most of the casualties tended to be inflicted in the pursuit of an already-beaten enemy. this did not happen at the boyne because the counter-attacks of the jacobite cavalry screened the retreat of the rest of their army. the jacobites were badly demoralized by their defeat, however, and many of the irish infantrymen deserted. the williamites triumphantly marched into dublin two days after the battle. the jacobite army abandoned the city and marched to limerick, behind the river shannon, where they were besieged. james left so quickly that he outpaced the messenger that was sent to warn limerick of the defeat. after his defeat, james quickly returned to exile in france, even though his army left the field relatively unscathed. james's loss of nerve and speedy exit from the battlefield enraged his irish supporters, who fought on until the treaty of limerick in . the battle was overshadowed in its time in great britain by the destruction of the anglo-dutch fleet by the french two days later, off beachy head, a far more serious event in the short term; only on the continent was the boyne treated as a major victory. the reason for this was that it was the first proper victory for the league of augsburg, the first ever alliance between catholic and protestant countries, and in achieving this william of orange and pope alexander viii its prime movers scotched the myth particularly emanating from sweden that such an alliance was blasphemous, resulting in more joining the alliance and in effect ending the very real danger of a french conquest of europe. the boyne was not without strategic significance on both great britain and ireland, however. it marked the end of james's hope of regaining his throne by military means and virtually assured the triumph of the glorious revolution. in scotland, news of this defeat led to the highlanders gradually abandoning the jacobite rising which bonnie dundee had led. in ireland, the boyne was the beginning of the williamite victory over the jacobites, which maintained british and protestant dominance over the country. for this reason, the boyne is still celebrated by the protestant orange order on the twelfth of july. commemoration of the battle originally, irish protestants commemorated the battle of aughrim on the july , as symbolizing their victory in the williamite war in ireland. at aughrim, which took place a year after the boyne, virtually all of the old native irish catholic and old english aristocracies plantations under elizabeth i and oliver cromwell were wiped out. the boyne, which in the old julian calendar, took place on july , was treated as less important, third in commemorative value after aughrim and the anniversary of the irish rebellion of on october . what was celebrated on the twelfth was not william's "victory over popery at the battle of the boyne," but the extermination of the elite of the native irish at aughrim, thereby ending the fear of having to surrender the planted lands. in , a new gregorian calendar was introduced to the united kingdom, which placed the boyne on july , instead of aughrim. however, even after this date, "the twelfth" still commemorated aughrim. but after the orange order was founded in , amid sectarian violence in armagh, the focus of parades on july , switched to the battle of the boyne. usually the dates before the introduction of the calendar on , are mapped in english language histories directly onto the julian dates without shifting them by days. being suspicious of anything with papist connotations, however, rather than shift the anniversary of the boyne to the new july , or celebrate the new anniversary of aughrim, the orangemen continued to march on the july , which, in new style dates marked the battle of the boyne. despite this, there are also smaller parades and demonstrations on july , the date which maps the old style date of the boyne to the new style in the usual manner and which also commemorate the massacre of the 36th ulster division on the first day of the battle of the somme in . it has also been suggested that the boyne was preferred to aughrim because the jacobites' rout there allowed the irish catholics to be presented as contemptible cowards, whereas at aughrim they fought bravely and died in great numbers. in the context of a resurgent irish nationalism from the 1790s onwards, it is argued that the narrative of the boyne was more comforting for loyalists in ireland. the commemoration of the battle of the boyne therefore has more to do with the politics of the unionist community than it has to do with the military significance of the battle itself. it is not uncommon to see large murals of a monarch, william on a white horse at the head of his army marking out loyalist territory. the memory of the battle also has resonance among irish nationalists. most irish people see the battle as a major step on the road to the complete british colonization of ireland. in , irish republican army members blew up a large monument to the battle on the battlefield site on the boyne and also destroyed a statue of william iii in , that stood outside trinity college dublin in the center of the irish capital. "the twelfth" in ireland today the battle of the boyne remains a controversial topic today, especially in northern ireland where protestants remember it as a great victory over catholics and responsible for the sovereignty of parliament and the 'protestant monarchy'. in recent years "the twelfth" has often been marked by confrontations as members of the orange order attempt to celebrate the date by marching past or through what they see as their traditional route. however some of these areas now have a nationalist majority, who now object to marches passing through their areas. this is mainly due to population migrations caused by institutionalized sectarianism in northern ireland in the mid 1900s which had made northern ireland, in the words of ulster unionist party leader and nobel peace prize winner david trimble, a "cold house for catholics" at the time. each side thus dresses up the disputes in terms of the other's supposed attempts to repress them; catholics still see orange order marches as provocative attempts to 'show who is boss', while protestants insist they have a right to "walk the queen's highway" and see any attempt to deny them the right to walk through traditional routes used for centuries as an attempt to marginalise and restrict their freedom to celebrate their protestant identity earned in the glorious revolution settlement. thus the battle is still very present in the awareness of those involved in the catholic-protestant rivalry in ireland. the battlefield today the site of the battle of the boyne sprawls over a wide area west of the town of drogheda. oldbridge, the scene of the main williamite crossing, has an irish government interpretive centre on it, which is dedicated to informing tourists and other visitors about the battle. this facility is currently being redeveloped. the other main combat areas on the day at duleek, donore and plattin along the jacobite line of retreat are marked with tourist information signs. - hayes-mccoy, gerard anthony. irish battles. harlow: longmans, . isbn - lenihan, padraig. battle of the boyne. stroud, gloucestershire: tempus publishing, . isbn - mcnally, michael and graham turner. battle of the boyne : the irish campaign for the english crown. oxford: osprey publishing, . isbn 184176891x all links retrieved . new world encyclopedia writers and editors rewrote and completed the wikipedia article in accordance with new world encyclopedia standards. this article abides by terms of the creative commons cc-by-sa .license cc-by-sa , which may be used and disseminated with proper attribution. credit is due under the terms of this license that can reference both the new world encyclopedia contributors and the selfless volunteer contributors of the wikimedia foundation. to cite this article click here for a list of acceptable citing formats.the history of earlier contributions by wikipedians is accessible to researchers here: note: some restrictions may apply to use of individual images which are separately licensed.
__label__non_math	1.0000	talk story about prince becoming a jehova s witness and moving to los angeles. beverly park, just off mulholland drive, is the most expensive gated community in los angeles. no. , a thirty-thousand-square foot italianate villa, looks like many of the other houses on the black, except for the bright-purple carpet that rolls down the front steps to welcome its new tenant: prince. inside, the place is done up in a generic mediterranean mogul style, although there are prince-ly flourishes here and there. prince, who is a small fifty-year-old man, just released his first books nights, a glossy volume of photographs and a collection of behind-the-scenes but highly stylized photographs of him taken during a tour in london last year. short original poems and a cd by the artist accompany the photographs. prince moved to los angeles after years of living in minneapolis. he made hundreds of songs on his own there, far away from the big labels. after he became a jehovah s witness, he moved to los angeles so that he could understand the hearts and minds of music moguls. when asked about his perspective on social issues-gay marriage, abortion-prince tapped his bible and said, god came to earth and saw people sticking it wherever and doing it with whatever, and he just cleared it all out. he was like, enough. he paused. i just live according to this. mentions philip anschutz, the evangelical christian businessman who produced the narnia movies and owns the staples center. soup with prince by claire hoffman newyorker.com has a complete archive of the new yorker, back to . the complete archive is available to subscribers in the digital edition. if you subscribe to the magazine, register now to get access. if you don't, subscribe now. you can also buy online access to a single issue. individual back issues are available for sale through our customer-service department, at -800-825-. all articles published before may, , can be found in the complete new yorker, which is available for purchase on hard drive and dvd. most new yorker articles published since december, , are available through nexis. to search for new yorker cartoons and covers, visit the cartoon bank.
__label__non_math	0.9993	william j. mcdonough, president federal reserve bank of new york before the morris county chamber of commerce morristown, new jersey i am delighted to be here today to address such a distinguished gathering of business and community leaders. it is always a pleasure and a learning experience for me to meet with people outside our main office in lower manhattan. but we are not strangers to new jersey. in fact, as some of you may know, we have our main processing facility in east rutherford. at our operation center there, we handle more than billion in cash and over million checks every day for banks throughout the new york-new jersey region. many of our staff of 600 are active within their communities throughout the state, personifying the bank's commitment to being a valued corporate citizen. it is a commitment we all take very seriously. in addition, i recently had the pleasure of getting to know some of the up-and-coming new generation of jerseyites. a team of what i can only call super-achievers from matawan regional high school won the new york fed's high school competition for a mock briefing of fed policy makers. they went on to place second in the national competition in washington d.c., although we are certain that an unbiased judge would have found them second to none. these teenagers mastered complex economic concepts and presented them to the bank's senior management in a compelling and sophisticated format. all of us were impressed and i can only applaud the students from matawan and the parents, teachers and school administrators who gave them the opportunity and the tools to succeed. this afternoon, i would like to begin my remarks with some comments about the performance of the national economy, and then turn to the regional economy and that of new jersey. i would also like my time with you this afternoon to be a conversation. i encourage your observations and comments, as well as any questions. turning first to the national economy, i must say that i am very pleased with the cyclical performance of the u.s. economy. we are now in the sixth year of continuous expansion. the underlying fundamentals of the economy -- represented by consumer, business, and financial company balance sheets -- remain vastly improved compared with those of the late 1980s. the inflation story has also been good. over the first half of , core consumer price inflation actually went down from around percent to around percent, a very positive picture for any period, but particularly welcome now, at this stage of a lengthy economic expansion. the unemployment rate is around percent, which most economists would agree is close to full employment. the manufacturers and retailers among you in the audience, know that spot shortages of skilled labor have been cropping up for months and this is a factor we watch carefully. growth of wages has begun to increase somewhat recently, but in this era of global competition there remains some question as to whether that necessarily is a harbinger of a faster pace of price inflation. heightened foreign competition may lead domestic producers to reduce profit margins rather than pass along price increases. indeed, recent experience suggests that it is difficult to identify with any precision the so-called "natural rate" of unemployment associated with intensified inflationary pressures. there is no easily-seen red light that clearly spells danger for the economy, or even an unambiguous yellow warning light. i disagree, though, with those who feel that the current good behavior of prices means we can ignore signs of intensified use of labor and capital resources. while high rates of resource utilization may not immediately result in inflation, most economists believe that it will lead to accelerating price increases in time. thus, the fed must remain vigilant with regard to incipient signs of inflation. it is clear that the failure to contain price inflation at its earliest stages only makes it more difficult and costly to bring it under control later. despite the good news of our six year expansion, there is growing frustration with the fact that the economy is not providing a large number of our citizens with a more rapidly rising standard of living. we are at a point in our history where the economy's long-run potential growth rate is substantially lower than it was in the 1960s, or even the 1970s. in part, this is the result of our labor force growing rather slowly due to demographic trends. but more important, the gains in labor productivity continue to be disappointing. over this business cycle, productivity growth has averaged only a little above percent; we have not observed in the economic data, at least not yet, any productivity miracle from the significant investments in computers. higher rates of overall economic growth are neither necessary nor sufficient to increase the well-being of the mass of the population -- that depends on how the economic pie is sliced. while recent academic research suggests that the longer an expansion continues, the greater the opportunity for disadvantaged groups to join the labor force in productive employment, president kennedy may have overstated the benefits of faster growth in his well-turned phrase "a rising tide lifts all boats." but there is little question that a sturdy and sustainable rate of growth will help to ease the task of dealing with crucial problems that face our nation, such as providing for the retirement of the baby boomer generation and raising the living standards of the poorest persons among us. i don't think that we should just wait for some high technology miracle to generate higher growth. it may come some day, but we cannot count on it. we must do more to raise the overall level of savings in our economy so that we can finance more investment in physical and human capital, as well as public infrastructure, the things that history has proven will raise overall living standards. our investment in human capital -- the education of our young, the disadvantaged and the workers with obsolete skills -- is an investment with a payoff in increased productivity and growth. in the new york-new jersey region we cover, the economic recovery has come more grudgingly than it has to the nation as a whole. the recession hit the region harder and lasted longer than was the case in most of the rest of the country. there is no doubt that, throughout the region, the continued downsizing in manufacturing and the bursting of the bubble in real estate values contributed to the plodding advance. nevertheless, new jersey certainly has been the regional leader. since the recession's trough, new jersey has recouped about two-thirds of its job loss. the net additions to employment are all the more remarkable because they have developed despite corporate restructuring at some of the nation's largest utilities, banks, and pharmaceutical manufacturers which are located in new jersey. job growth has been particularly good in management, computer and financial services, and restaurants -- sufficient to more than offset the losses at at t, and at other utilities and manufacturers. new jersey's financial sector continues to flourish because business costs remain favorable compared with those in new york city, attracting some who have found it desirable to relocate here. service employment is growing rapidly, reflecting the demand for all types of business, amusement, and recreational services. employment in wholesale trade and at malls and fast-food outlets is rising. even construction employment is picking up, mainly due to the work on the facilities at newark airport and the rise in new home construction. the growth in jobs and income has been felt in the resale housing market, where prices have firmed and are now rising moderately in many areas in the state. new jersey's economy is likely to continue its gradual recovery. despite the potential for some moderation in u.s. economic growth in , economists at the new york fed believe that the state's job growth will accelerate modestly to .percent in from .percent in . stated differently, we expect roughly ,000 new jobs will be added next year in new jersey. the acceleration in job growth is largely the result of continued strength in the region's key private sectors and a slackening of the recent rapid pace of decline in manufacturing and utilities. the restructurings will continue, but at a slower pace and with less of a drag on overall job growth. business and consumer services are expected to be the driving forces for private sector job growth next year. jobs in health and social services also will contribute, although consolidation and cost cutting trends in hospitals will moderate the rapid pace of recent years. these gains will be tempered by mergers and acquisitions within the banking sector, but any job loss at banks next year is likely to fall short of those in -- which saw one of the largest mergers ever, with the union of chase and chemical. new jersey is also a high cost state and further consolidations within manufacturing -- particularly at pharmaceutical companies -- cannot be ruled out, but our economists believe that these sectoral rates of job loss are likely to moderate. let me add that job growth is only one measure of economic well being. personal income also is growing at a reasonable clip in new jersey -- about on par with that of the nation. but, because new jersey's population is growing very slowly, per capita income in new jersey remains among the highest for all states -- second only to connecticut. new jersey continues to be a wealthy state. these healthy gains in per capita income bode well for retail sales and retail trade employment. it is true that there are many challenges ahead for new jersey and its cities and counties: the shifting of budget responsibilities from the federal government to states and the rapid pace of technological change are just two. but such changes are not one-sided problems. technological advancements may reduce manufacturing employment in new jersey, but they also make it possible to attract financial services such as back office operations to hudson county and trading operations to princeton. in addition, technological change sets a framework for the development of new industries and new occupations that may well lead the state's economy forward in the years ahead. we should also remember that strength and the opportunity for change frequently come from adversity, and the resilience of our citizens cannot be underestimated. despite mergers, corporate restructurings and acquisitions, many of which have involved firms in and around morristown, the unemployment rate actually has declined slightly over the past twelve-months, to percent as of august, and the local economy has added over ,900 jobs. this fall, at t labs, the newly formed research arm of at t, will establish its headquarters in florham park. megabox stores, such as home depot and compusa, have opened here and boosted retail employment. infrastructure programs continue to address the need for, and maintenance of, community facilities, such as the performing arts center in newark, the metromall, and the improvement projects in and around newark airport. the convenient and upgraded facilities at newark airport have not gone unnoticed by the business and international traveler. today, the number of flights from newark stands at an all-time high. for those of you unfamiliar with metromall, that project is the transformation of an abandoned 166 acre landfill site to a productive, super-regional mall. when complete in early , the outlet center is expected to generate ,000 full and part-time jobs. this mature region of new jersey is far from staid. northern new jersey remains a national leader in pharmaceutical manufacturing, and the merger of sandoz ag and ciba-geigy will create the second largest pharmaceutical company in the world. similarly, the reorganization of at t is expected to transform a giant public utility into a giant modern multi-media conglomerate. the region is rich in corporate headquarters, households at the top of the income ladder, and not coincidentally, households with above-average levels of education at the college and post-graduate levels. the rich resources of this region bode well for its vitality and future, even as the region continues to experience rapid change. new jersey is fortunate to have several local universities of national repute that engage in collaborative arrangements with the private and public sectors. last year, the new york fed and the new york academy of sciences co-sponsored a conference on technology and economic development in the region. speaker after speaker underscored the special roles that universities and other centers of higher learning play in our society -- creating knowledge through research, training the next generation of scientists and workers, and engaging in partnerships to link research innovation to product development. the communities in northern new jersey have been doing especially well in these areas. as a case in point, the enthusiastic participation of your high schools to our monetary policy competition suggests that you, as parents, are working to maintain strong school systems and inquiring, hardworking students. in addition to matawan regional high school, we had teams from franklin lakes, ramapo, ridgewood, somerville, waldwick and newark, to name just a few of the entrants. but more remains to be done to cement the symbiotic relationship between institutions of learning and exploration, and the businesses that adapt their research, employ their graduates and provide the basis for long-term economic well-being. i believe that the business community and civic leaders in particular can most directly promote economic well-being by taking active, participatory roles in the education and training of our region's youth and workers. the same forces that continue to reshape the region's economy -- industrial restructuring, global competition and rapid, persistent technological change -- are the ones that have put enormous strains on much of our workforce and educational establishments. without greater direct linkages to businesses in our communities -- in both capital and human resources -- students and the schools they attend will lack some of the tools they need to achieve their potential. every one of our organizations can and must do more to bolster the readiness for work of all who are entering, and others who have been, in the region's labor force. at the new york fed, we have committed substantial effort to the development and implementation of a wide range of participatory programs geared mainly toward easing students' transition from school to career and toward developing a better understanding of business, economics, and finance. for most of the public, the reputation of the federal reserve will continue to be measured mainly by our success in promoting economic growth with price stability, rather than by our interactions with educators and students. but we, as you, must also respond to the social needs of our community. in that context, the bank will continue to work both independently and with community leaders to help make the second federal reserve district a better place to live and work. thank you.
__label__non_math	1.0000	wednesday, new york islander fan central islanders website: jason lockhart with additional reporting from john hill had coverage from day three of prospect camp which include comments from shea guthrie, peter mannino, ken morrow who's team won - and david toews. canadian press: had comments from kyle okposo, blake comeau and josh bailey about training camp this afternoon, about their careers, what's ahead along with the coaching change. newsday: greg logan in newsday's islander blog had comments from bryan trottier because he wanted to make sure what he said monday about his loyalty and friendship with ted nolan should not be construed as a problem with garth snow or the organization as he went on to say how much he enjoys his role as director of player development and working with the prospects as he reiterated some things he told frans nielsen a year ago. sound tigers.com: highlights from day three of prospect camp include comments from joe pereira who is a sophomore at boston university skating at this week's camp and today's scrimmage which team morrow won -with shea guthrie scoring the game winning goal tying the series at -. garth snow had comments on itv about the signings of bergenheim, tambellini, walter and jeremy colliton along with a lot more prospect interviews. the ny post blog reported the devils will open against the isles october 10th which means the home opener against st louis will be on october 11th. former hockey reporter, now ny post jack of all trades jay greenberg on the ranger ny post blog had a few digs at the isles and how they cannot land a difference maker free agent despite the rangers negotiating the same day with mark streit while the rangers had to grossly overpay for what seems a declining wade redden and issue a limited no trade clause.
__label__non_math	1.0000	michael manoussos, ap, v. dawn d. manoussos, res motion by the appellant, inter alia, to stay enforcement of an order of the supreme court, suffolk county, dated , pending hearing and determination of an appeal therefrom. michael manoussos, ap, v. dawn d. manoussos, res supreme court, appellate division: second judicial department this article requires premium access this article requires premium access to the new york law journal. please sign in or subscribe to read the full text.
__label__non_math	0.9993	for a team that says it wants to build itself around pitching, and doesn t even have a no. starter, the mets missed out when chien-ming wang signed with washington. two million bucks, even if the mets have decided to pinch pennies, was a good risk. the reports have been good on his shoulder, and with the off days in april the mets could have mixed and matched until he was ready. wang might be done, he might turn into a bust, but in today s market, million was a safe enough gamble.
__label__non_math	0.9951	new york pioneer -day memorial 100-mile trek september , and . rockvilleromp 50k- broadway ultra society and rich innamaorato are back a great way to spend all or part of the labor day weekend- this event is truly a challenge to the ultra runners test of fitness- to come back consecutive days, completing 100 miles over a weekend. need more info, just let us know here is the labor day ultra schedule in the metropolitan area: sat, sun mon - -day 100-mile run. each day consist of .-mile at different locations. sat, sep - kissena park: flushing, queens sun, sep - skelos browne parks; rockville centre, long island mon, sep - crocheron park; bayside, queens note: the above parks are within a -mile radius of one another. rockville romp 50k- a coinciding km run on sun, sep at skelos browne parks in rockville centre, long island. some oldies but goodies pioneer 100 miler- thanks to paul seltzer for snapping the photos
__label__non_math	1.0000	we also have on our acre hobby farm collies, shih-tzus, yorkies and corgies. we love all our critters exotic chickens, guineas, pigmy goats at our location in nw arkansas. we also love the many beautiful flowers we have placed all about us here. we are - hours driving from branson, mo. come and see us either at our web page--- or at our home--- indian creek road garfield, ar . ph: 479-656-.
__label__non_math	0.9973	apple has introduced new functionality on their app store that allows developers to create short links for directing users to their products. the links can be used for a particular app or a complete company catalog for both ios and mac applications. a normal app store link is a long string in order to target a specific application. something like " this is not only cumbersome but makes it difficult to for people using mobile devices to find things in the app store. the new urls will take the form of simply a link to the app store followed by a product name or company name; there are three types of app store short links, in two forms, one for ios apps, another for mac apps: ios: for example, mac: for example, ios: for example, mac: for example, app by company ios: for example, mac: for example, the users will be directed to their respective country's app store, and in the event of a name conflict the user will be redirected to a search page for finding what they want. in the event of a naming conflict, the developers will have to fall back to using the standard type of urls for their products or companies. the new url convention was first noticed at the end of a super bowl add for the star trek movie as shown in the picture on the left.
__label__math	0.7436	the future is not some place we are going but one we are creating. the paths to it are not found but are made, and the making of those pathways changes both the maker and the destination. wayfaring - margaret silf ... nexus latin, from past participle of nectere, to bind : link, tie; means of connection; important connection or link between parts of a system, or a group of things, persons or events, that is or is part of a chain of causation; meeting point of different dimensions within a complex phenomenon; core, centre.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the namibia football association nfa has intensified the hunt for a new head coach of the national senior soccer team the brave warriors following the resignation of acting coach bernard kaanjuka last month. submitted by mediaofficer on sun, host otjozondjupa region were in devastating form on day-three of the namibian newspaper cup as they cruised into the final where they will meet omaheke region on easter monday at 12h00 at the paresis park in otjiwarongo. submitted by mediaofficer on sun, the organising committee of the namibia newspaper cup on sunday evening suspended the hardap region for using six ineligible players in their group a matches against omaheke, karas and omusati regions are the paresis park in otjiwarongo. a squad of players have been called up for the brave warriors team that will grace the annual namibian newspaper cup in otjiwarongo on sunday afternoon for an exhibition match against the competition's shadow team.
__label__non_math	0.9906	the pittsburgh steelers aren't taking any chances. fox sports insider and nfl network contributor jay glazer reports that ben roethlisberger will sit out sunday night's game against the baltimore ravens, and byron leftwich will start at quarterback. the steelers trail their afc north rivals by one game, but they have to look to their long-term future. they need roethlisberger healthy for the season's stretch run. roethlisberger's shoulder sprain isn't his only injury. ed bouchette of the pittsburgh post-gazette reports that roethlisberger also has a rib injury that wasn't mentioned by steelers coach mike tomlin on tuesday. that injury occurred on a third-quarter sack of roethlisberger and "could also be a serious problem." roethlisberger's shoulder injury and rib problem could keep him out a "matter of weeks," and bouchette wrote that "any speculation" at this point about how many weeks is "just that." this particular shoulder sprain is not that common in football. considering how things looked when roethlisberger left heinz field on monday night, there might be some relief in pittsburgh that this injury isn't more serious. but the steelers can't afford to miss roethlisberger for long. safety troy polamalu is expected to miss another week. wide receiver antonio brown, running back rashard mendenhall and offensive tackle marcus gilbert are among the other steelers shaky to play this week. follow gregg rosenthal on twitter
__label__non_math	1.0000	national fire codes subscription service all access nfcss all access assures complete, confident compliance. nfcss all access provides each individual subscriber with online access to every nfpa code and standard, handbooks and annotated editions. written by leading electrical and fire protection authorities, handbooks and annotated editions contain expert commentary and graphics to help clarify code concepts and eliminate confusion. compliance comes with complete understanding - nfcss all access provides you with the support to learn the intent and rationale behind the codes. a subscription includes these top titles and more: - nfpa : automatic sprinkler systems handbook, edition - nfpa : water-based fire protection systems handbook, and editions - nfpa : nec handbook, and editions - nfpa 70e : handbook for electrical safety in the workplace, edition - nfpa : national fire alarm and signaling code handbook, edition - nfpa 101 : life safety code handbook, edition - nfpa : lp-gas code handbook, and editions - nfpa : national fuel gas code handbook, edition nfcss all access is: - unlimited -- online access - comprehensive -- every code, every handbook, and annotated editions - accessible -- downloadable pdfs of codes and standards, annotated editions, state code editions, and the annual code set pdf - current -- the most up-to-date codes, plus previous editions - interactive -- search function, notes, bookmarks, email, and more - user-friendly -- easy to navigate and cross-reference to find what you need - insightful -- easily distinguishable handbook content, including shaded commentary from the experts plus examples, graphics, and diagrams - your source for confidence -- ensure you're code-current and code-compliant nfcss all access is the most comprehensive resource available to fire, electrical, and building safety professionals who apply, implement, and enforce nfpa codes and standards. it's continuously updated and easy to navigate online. subscribe now for questions about your nfcss all access subscription, contact customer service at -800-344- or -617-770- outside the u.s. and canada or email firstname.lastname access to codes online requires an active subscription.
__label__non_math	0.9984	electrical installations in hazardous locations, edition authors: peter schram, mark w. earley, and robert j. benedetti electrical installations in hazardous locations provides a basic and critical understanding of fire and explosion safety. this 3rd edition of electrical installations in hazardous locations includes vital information on the availability of new technology, as well as national and international codes and standards. nfpa 's practical guide explains the intricate details of performing electrical installation in specialized sites. it's a vital introduction to what hazardous locations are--and what they are not. accessible text covers key topics such as: - equipment protection systems - protection against ignition from static electricity and lightning - nec compliance don't start work in hazardous locations without this updated edition of the best-selling text from nfpa, the nec and nfpa 70e source. softbound, 359 pp.,
__label__non_math	1.0000	the national fenestration rating council's main website has recently been redesigned. the page you are looking for may have changed or may no longer be in existence. please visit the site map for a full listing of the redesigned website's pages. you may also visit the nfrc community website at - the companion website to if you still can't find what you are looking for, please feel free to contact us: view detailed headquarters and staff information. for general information, email info at nfrc.org for membership information, email membership at nfrc.org for billing issues, email accounting at nfrc.org for cpd inquiries, email pcp at nfrc.org for cma information, email cmainfo at nfrc.org for nfrc website related issues, email webmaster at nfrc.org an nfrc representative will respond to your inquiry promptly. thank you
__label__non_math	0.9999	call for proposals: tia youth technology innovation fund technology innovation agency technology innovation agency tia or the agency , an initiative of the department of science and technology, has a mandate to enable and support technological innovation across all sectors of the economy in order to achieve socio-economic benefits for south africa and enhance its global competitiveness. the agency is a public entity with the aim of enhancing the country s capacity to translate a greater proportion of local research and development from higher education institutions, science councils, public entities and private research institutions into commercial technology products and services. technology innovation agency tia was established in terms of the tia act, act no. of , with the objective to stimulate and intensify technological innovation in order to improve economic growth and the quality of life of all south africans by developing and exploiting technological innovations. as part of initiatives to achieve its strategic objectives, tia has established the youth technology innovation fund ytif aimed at promoting and stimulating the culture of innovation and entrepreneurship among the young people by providing access to financial and business support resources. the fund is targeted at young people between the ages of to years that are not already funded through the normal tia process. ytif will be driven to deliver on developing pipeline of innovative technologies for various economic sectors through: - supporting technology innovative opportunities that have technical and commercial end points; - increasing technology innovation and entrepreneurial capacity amongst south african young people by offering business support services such as incubation and mentorship programme; - facilitating strategic partnership with tia - funded investments to enable young people to share knowledge, expertise and utilise the infrastructure at technology stations and platforms. tia reserves the right not to consider funding proposals: - which seek to expand the usage of recreational drugs and the promotion of sex trade; - whose applicant is not a south african citizen. - complete a registartion form and email to youth.fund or fax to 086 644 to obtain a registration number on or before 15th february ; - with allocated registration number, complete the ytif funding proposal template. submit before february at 16h00; - all forms are accessible on tia website. for more about the technology innovation agency, refer to to view other opportunities, visit
__label__non_math	0.9998	washington -- the roller coaster painted on braden holtby's goalie mask is a tribute to one of the rides at the hershey park amusement park in central pennsylvania. " it's just a hershey thing," the washington capitals' rookie goalie explained. "when i had to get my mask painted in the offseason , i knew i was going to be playing in hershey with the caps' ahl affiliate, the hershey bears for the better part of the year, so i thought it was something creative to represent hershey." eight months later, the roller coaster is a symbol of the wild and crazy ride this season has been for the -year-old, who has gone from training camp afterthought to one of the best goalies of the stanley cup playoffs. holtby's career-high saves in a -win thursday night pulled the capitals even with the boston bruins at two victories apiece in their eastern conference quarterfinal series. his .goals-against-average and .953 save percentage are tops among goalies with at least three starts in this year's playoffs. "when you have a goaltender that smothers everything that's thrown his way, it's very calming to the rest of your team," said forward brooks laich, who also called holtby "a stud" after the game win. "if we give up a shot, we know holtby is going to cover it. when you have a goaltender that's on top of his game, it really, really settles your team down. he was a leader for us tonight." bruins vs. capitals hard work defines beaglecorey masisak - nhl.com staff writer jay beagle's rise from undrafted unknown to key member of the washington capitals has been all about hard work and perseverance. read more added defenseman karl alzner: "i think the best part about it is he makes a great glove save and drops the puck and leans on his post. he makes it look so easy. i think it's got to be very tough on a player when a goalie can make it look as easy as he does." holtby's saves in game were the most by a rookie in a regulation playoff game since ken dryden of the montreal canadiens stopped shots in a -win against boston on . off the ice, holtby is a soft-spoken but confident kid who doesn't seem fazed by the big stage and bright lights on the stanley cup playoffs. while holtby entered the postseason with only games of playoff experience from the ahl and western hockey league combined, his successful nhl playoff debut hasn't surprised those around him. "coming into this, we knew and braden knew that at the top of his game, he can win in this league," caps goaltending coach dave prior told nhl.com. "any goaltender will tell you that it's a lot harder to come into this league and to play well for years than it is to play well for just a stint that's a real up in your life. so we knew it was well within his ability." long before holtby would have even been tall enough to ride the rollercoaster at hershey park, the lloydminster, sask., native was already dreaming big. looking to follow in the footsteps of his father greg, a goalie who played two years with the whl's saskatoon blades in the mid-1980s, braden was strapping on the pads in his family's basement by the age of . "i always wanted to be like dad," holtby said. "he always tried to push that i ultimately make the decision on my own but i personally always liked being where all the action is- in all sports- so choosing to be a goalie was easy." like his father, braden played with the saskatoon blades, for whom he went from . the capitals selected him in the fourth round no. of the nhl draft. "i think it's a big help to young goalies," prior said of having a parent who played the position. "you're dealing with a parent that understands what the pressures are and what the goalie is going through. even if they're not technically equipped to help their son or daughter, it's someone who just gets it. the relationship that they have i think has been helpful for braden -- his father is also a friend and certainly played a role coaching him growing up." after solid seasons in the minors, mostly in hershey, holtby made his nhl debut midway through last season, going --with a .gaa and .934 save percentage in appearances with the capitals. given the success he had also enjoyed in the ahl it was hard to blame holtby for thinking he deserved a shot as an nhl starter. it looked like he'd get that chance after the capitals traded semyon varlamov to the colorado avalanche on july . but one day later, general manager george mcphee surprised many when he signed veteran goalie tomas vokoun to a one-year .million deal. with vokoun and michal neuvirth both signed to one-way deals, holtby was destined for another season in hershey. "obviously it was bit of a stressful week, the start of free agency," holtby said in september. "but you know, that happens, that's the business. "i really had no idea what they were going to do coming into free agency , but i kind of expected if they moved varlamov they might go after a veteran guy -- i wasn't real sure- so it wasn't too much of a shock." holtby, who went --with a .gaa at hershey in , struggled to regain his form after returning to the bears this season. his lowest point may have come during a -loss in st. john's on march during which he was pulled after allowing five goals on shots. little did holtby know that it would be his final game of the season with the bears -- he was recalled by the capitals one week later and told it would be a short stay as vokoun battled a groin injury. five weeks later, vokoun and neuvirth are hurt and holtby is still here, having carried the capitals into the postseason and establishing himself as their go-to-guy.
__label__non_math	0.9996	a tracheostomy tra-ke-os-to-me is a surgically made hole that goes through the front of your neck and into your trachea tra-ke-ah , or windpipe. the hole is made to help you breathe. a tracheostomy usually is temporary, although you can have one long term or even permanently. how long you have a tracheostomy depends on the condition that required you to get it and your overall health. to understand how a tracheostomy works, it helps to understand how your airways work. the airways carry oxygen-rich air to your lungs. they also carry carbon dioxide, a waste gas, out of your lungs. the airways include your: air enters your body through your nose or mouth. the air travels through your voice box and down your windpipe. the windpipe splits into two bronchi that enter your lungs. for more information, go to the health topics how the lungs work article. a tracheostomy provides another way for oxygen-rich air to reach your lungs, besides going through your nose or mouth. a breathing tube, also called a trach trake tube, is put through the tracheostomy and directly into the windpipe to help you breathe. doctors use tracheostomies for many reasons. one common reason is to help people who need to be on ventilators ven-til-a-tors for more than a couple of weeks. ventilators are machines that support breathing. if you have a tracheostomy, the trach tube connects to the ventilator. people who have conditions that interfere with coughing or block the upper airways also may need tracheostomies. coughing is a natural reflex that protects the lungs. it helps clear mucus a slimy substance and bacteria from the airways. a trach tube can be used to help remove, or suction, mucus from the airways. doctors also might recommend tracheostomies for people who have swallowing problems due to strokes or other conditions. creating a tracheostomy is a fairly common, simple procedure. it's one of the most common procedures for critical care patients in hospitals. the windpipe is located almost directly under the skin of the neck. so, a surgeon often can create a tracheostomy quickly and easily. the procedure usually is done in a hospital operating room. however, it also can be safely done at a patient's bedside. less often, a doctor or emergency medical technician may do the procedure in a life-threatening situation, such as at the scene of an accident or other emergency. as with any surgery, complications can occur, such as bleeding, infection, and other serious problems. the risks often can be reduced with proper care and handling of the tracheostomy and the tubes and other related supplies. some people continue to need tracheostomies even after they leave the hospital. hospital staff will teach patients and their families or caregivers how to properly care for their tracheostomies at home. the nhlbi updates health topics articles on a biennial cycle based on a thorough review of research findings and new literature. the articles also are updated as needed if important new research is published. the date on each health topics article reflects when the content was originally posted or last revised.
__label__non_math	0.9895	written by a team of international experts, this is the first volume in an acclaimed series on the systematics and identification of the class trematoda. the trematodes are parasitic worms infecting all vertebrate groups and include families of significance to human and animal health, with considerable economic impact. the first volume covers the subclass aspidogastrea and order strigeida. the book will appeal to parasitologists involved in identification and or research in medical and veterinary helminthology, ecology or conservation. keys to the trematoda volume one is available to order from our co-publisher cab international. for details of how to contact them, please visit publishing partners. the authors in this volume include specialists from the uk, usa, australia, bulgaria, czech republic and poland. this book in three volumes, presents a detailed revision of the systematics and taxonomy of the platyhelminth class trematoda and subclasses aspidogastrea and digeneawith. there are also keys for the identification of these parasites at the superfamily, family and subfamily and generic levels. find out what others think of this book. "keys to the trematoda will become the standard reference on the group for many years. given the infrequency of appearance of such large works, this is likely to remain the definitive work for the first half of this century and to find a place on book-shelves all over the planet." david blair - school of tropical biology "...we consider the keys to represent a valuable contribution to taxonomic research on trematodes...keys to the trematoda will undoubtedly represent an indispensable source of basic information about the systematics of these helminths." scholz horak - folia parasitologic "the editors and the authors have succeeded in preparing a book which is valuable to experts, practising parasitologists and beginners, and they should be congratulated on their great success." zdzislaw swiderski boyko b. georgiev - acta parasitologic
__label__non_math	0.9661	"diesel exhaust fumes cause cancer": official who report the daily mail reports a world health organization who warning that diesel exhaust fumes are a major cancer risk and belong in the same deadly category as asbestos, arsenic and mustard gas . meanwhile the bbc says that diesel fumes are definitely a cause of lung cancer . this widely reported news is based on a decision by the who to classify diesel exhausts as a cause of cancer. the decision was taken by the who s international agency for research on cancer iarc , a panel of experts that co-ordinates and conducts research into the causes of cancer, and develops cancer control strategies. under its classification scheme, diesel exhaust was previously categorised as probably carcinogenic . the agency now says there is now sufficient evidence that exposure to diesel fumes causes lung cancer. it is calling for exposure to diesel fumes to be reduced worldwide. while diesel fumes are now officially carcinogenic, the alarmist tone of the daily mail s headline should be viewed with caution because the deadly category of substances the mail describes also includes sunlight and wood dust. what is diesel and is it used much in the uk? diesel oil is a complex mixture of chemicals, mainly distilled from crude oil, although vegetable oil and similar sources can be used to make biodiesel . it is used as fuel for diesel internal combustion engines, which use compressed hot air to ignite fuel petrol engines have a spark plug to ignite the fuel . worldwide, diesel oil is widely used as a fuel in diesel-powered cars, lorries, trains, aircraft, ships and heavy industry. it is regarded as more efficient than petroleum, resulting in lower fuel consumption. who says that many people are exposed to diesel exhaust in everyday life, both through their occupations and in the ambient air. as of , just over of all new car sales in the uk were diesel, according to the society of motor manufacturers and traders. in , approximately 700 litres 150 gallons of diesel was sold every second in the uk, according to a report by the health protection agency hpa . the amount of pollutants from diesel exhaust fumes, in particular its sulphur content, have been reduced over the last few years, and engines on newer cars are designed to burn fuel more efficiently, reducing emissions. however, the iarc says it is not yet clear how these improvements translate into any changes in the impact of diesel fumes on human health. existing fuels and older unmodified vehicles will take years to replace, particularly in less developed countries where regulations are less stringent, the iarc says. what is the who s classification scheme? the who classifies the cancer-causing potential of various substances into four groups, depending on the evidence available in both humans and other animals: - group is used when a substance causes cancer in humans - group 2a is used when a substance probably causes cancer in humans - group 2b is used when a substance possibly causes cancer in humans - group is used when a substance is not classifiable in terms of its cancer-causing properties in humans because the evidence is inadequate - group is used when a substance is probably not a cause of cancer in humans what is the who now saying about diesel fumes and cancer? since , diesel oil fumes have been classified by the iarc as probably carcinogenic to humans . this category is used when there is some, limited evidence that a substance causes cancer in humans, but sufficient evidence it causes cancer in experimental animals. however, the iarc has now reclassified diesel engine exhaust as carcinogenic group on the list above . this category is used when there is sufficient evidence that a substance causes cancer in humans. the iarc says there is sufficient evidence that diesel exhaust is a cause of lung cancer. it is also associated with an increased risk of bladder cancer, although the evidence for the latter is more limited. why has the advice changed? the who says there has been mounting concern in recent years about the cancer-causing potential of diesel engine exhaust, based on findings from epidemiological studies of workers exposed to diesel fumes. in particular, it cites a large cohort study, published in march this year, of occupational exposure to diesel exhaust in ,315 us miners. the study was run by the us national cancer institute and the national institute for occupational safety and health. it found that exposure to diesel exhaust increased the risk of dying from lung cancer ., confidence interval .to . . a further case-control study, undertaken in this group comparing 198 miners who had died from lung cancer with 562 miners who were alive at the time the case died , found that the risk of lung cancer in these workers increased with the length of time they were exposed to diesel fumes. although these studies were in workers who had been heavily exposed to diesel fumes, the who points out that studies of other carcinogens, such as radon, indicate that initial research showing a risk in heavily exposed populations, are later found to be a risk for the general population. it says that action to reduce exposure to diesel exhaust fumes should encompass both highly exposed workers and the general population. are diesel fumes really as dangerous as asbestos and mustard gas? under the iarc classification scheme, diesel fumes now fall into the same category as all other known carcinogens of which there are over 100 listed . these include: - tobacco smoke both first and secondhand - mustard gas - chinese salted fish - vinyl chloride - wood dust the who does not specify the level of risk posed by different carcinogens, or the risk posed by different levels of exposure. however, for most carcinogens, the higher the exposure, the greater the risk of cancer. dr christopher portier, chair of the iarc working group, said that while the scientific evidence that diesel oil exhaust caused lung cancer was compelling , the impact on the wider population who are exposed to diesel fumes at much lower levels and for shorter periods of time, is unknown. newspaper readers of a nervous disposition may want to consider the above facts when considering the risk to their health from diesel fumes. analysis by bazian. edited by nhs choices.
__label__non_math	0.9983	category archives: to: the university community re: budget challenges for and the regular legislative session weeks ago, the jindal administration sought to lessen state-wide tensions over the future funding of postsecondary education by announcing that any budget cut for the fiscal year would not amount to more than percent. while providing no specificity ... dr. stephen t. hulbert, president of nicholls state university, issued the following statement today in response to gov. bobby jindal s higher education policy announcement: to: faculty, staff and students fr: stephen t. hulbert, president a message from the president last week, senior members of my administration and i met with a group of ten regional legislators. for some months, i have wanted to request that session; but on each occasion i have held back, always being concerned with the ... to: the university community fr: stephen t. hulbert, president re: proposed reorganization accompanying this cover correspondence, you will find a proposed reorganization of the university s administrative structure. i am sharing this material for review across the university s shared governance constituencies as a means of both vetting the proposal and soliciting individual and group comment.
__label__non_math	0.9926	it s funny how these things come out of nowhere. one week ago, we received an unexpected bill that threw us into regressive stages of conflict with a major telecommunications company. the cold, belligerent manner we experienced left us dazed, upset and angry. we felt unheard, misrepresented and unfairly treated. it triggered subconscious memories of similar experiences in the past, from bullies in the school playground to poor customer service elsewhere. it s what psychotherapists call transference and human givens therapists, pattern matching. the thing that left us most confused was that the people we spoke with were more concerned with bureaucracy and rules than with customer relationship or retention. in taking this stance, they were inadvertently working against their own company s as well as our interests. we will cancel the contract and the company will lose more in on-going revenue than it would have gained from pressing a debatable charge. we tried to explain this but they would not, could not hear. they were entrenched in their views, their predetermined systems and procedures. after countless phone calls, we spoke with one person, an african man who treated us warmly, listened hard to our story, communicated empathy, took personal responsibility to work for a solution on our behalf. he mediated a resolution, the company dropped the charge and the dispute was ended. it was a tiring and frustrating experience and i m trying hard now to listen for the voice of god. what was really going on here? at a human level, it was an encounter with an organisation, an institution, that has lost sight of the customer, that appears more interested in processes than people. but there are spiritual parallels too. i have this flash back to jesus encounters with the religious authorities. they had become so locked in rules, in regulations intended to safeguard god s interests as they saw it, that they had inadvertently lost contact with god and with people. there s this same risk in any organisation, in any situation, that we construct a fixed gestalt, a fixed expectation of what is and should be that blinds us to alternative perspectives and realities. in the jesus case, paradoxically, it prevented the religious recognising god with us . by contrast, this african man moved towards us, stepped into our shoes, took up our case on our behalf and mediated a positive result. in effect, he mirrored jesus by his actions, working to restore relationship where it had been damaged. this is the heart of the christian gospel. and so as i look back over the week, i feel irritated by the bureaucracy, sad that i sometimes lost sight of the opposition as people, relieved that fairness finally prevailed, grateful for friends who helped us laugh in the midst and thankful for the mediator who inspired us to be more like jesus. there s something comforting about being part of a group, fitting in, belonging. it enables me to relax, feel rooted, feel part of something bigger than myself, feel accepted by others. it helps me to feel safe, secure, loved. i sometimes choose which groups to identify with, e.g. those who share similar passions, interests or values to my own. at other times, i find myself part of groups by default, e.g. those who share my nationality or culture. there s a fascinating principle in social psychology that describes how we learn scripts and roles throughout life. scripts are how people behave in different situations, roles are the parts we learn to play in those situations. how i should behave at work, in a restaurant, whist driving on public roads etc. are all governed by social conventions or schemata, that is, implicit or explicit rules or codes of conduct that determine what is acceptable in each context. it s easy to see how such norms arise and why they are perpetuated. at one level, playing out scripts enables social predictability, harmony and cohesion. it s one of the reasons why encountering or moving between cultures with different norms and rules can feel so uncomfortable. at another level, groups often have a self-reinforcing influence. we develop patterns of thinking and behaviour that are repeated and become subconscious and normative. these are some of the reasons why challenging group thinking and behaviour can be so problematic. on the one hand, we and others may have a vested interest in sustaining group culture because of a psychological need to belong. on the other hand, group norms can become so entrenched that questioning them can feel bemusing, annoying, disruptive or subversive. established groups have inherent potential for self-preservation and self-defence. against this backdrop, i m intrigued by paul s comment in the new testament which says my paraphrase : a don t be shaped from without by how things work literally, schemata in the world around you but, instead, b be radically changed literally, metamorph from within by a renewing of your mind. i m struck by parallels with contemporary insights from a social psychology and b cognitive behavioural psychology. it acknowledges how people are shaped by culture. it s an unavoidable social psychological principle. from our earliest experiences of social interaction, e.g. within a family, friendship, school, club, community or organisation, our thinking and behaviour are shaped by shared language, experiences, values and norms. at the same time, it challenges us to wake up , to become aware, to break out of hypnotic prevailing influences. for paul, this is more than a purely cognitive exercise. it s a spiritual transformation that will result in a profound shift of insight, perspective, values and behaviour. it s something that god desires to do in, through and between us. it's a transformation that will set us free to see the world through fresh eyes, to reevaluate social norms and to act with autonomy. it will provoke resistance but it's also the way to authentic life. it s funny how a tasty bag of fish and chips can feel so desperately appealing when you re trying to lose weight. there s something about deprivation, about delayed gratification, that can intensify awareness and desire. everyday things that were hardly noticed before, that were taken for granted in the midst of other distractions can become a focus of attention, of need, of longing. it s about breaking away from the ordinary, about disrupting routine experiences or patterns of behaviour in order to see, feel and experience them in a fresh light. it s about learning to experience and appreciate familiar things anew, to encounter them again as if for the first time. it s like learning to see and experience the world through the curious, excited eyes of a child. i m aware of how much of my life i spend on auto-pilot. it s a normal and necessary psychological state that enables me to focus and to avoid sensory overload. at the same time, i risk becoming dulled to the world around me, to other people, to myself and to god. perhaps this is why some resort to fasting-as-deprivation or extreme sports to feel the rush, to feel really alive again. sometimes it s a surprise, a crisis, that jolts and awakes us. sometimes it s a startling insight that catches us unawares. it s something or someone that shakes our cage, shifts our perspective, sometimes gradually and sometimes dramatically. it could be an unexpected opportunity or challenge, a change in circumstances that shifts the gestalt background into sharp foreground. i was once sitting in a church service, bored to tears. i sat by a window and, as i gazed through it, i noticed a daddy long legs insect on the glass. i day dreamed of being kidnapped and held captive on an alien planet with no other earthly contact. i imagined how i would feel if i then found that insect, that fellow earth creature in my cell with me how amazing and precious it would be. it sounds random and bizarre but it felt like a moment of insight, a revelation from god, that really sparked my imagination. it reminded me of a friend whose young sister became terminally ill. in the midst of such tragic circumstances, the friend commented how, paradoxically, she had never seen her sister so alive. in facing imminent death, her sister was able to deeply value life. is this something that jesus meant when he commented, unless a seed falls to the ground and dies... or unless you change and become like little children... and paul, what you sow does not come to life unless it dies ? they were talking about a mysterious way to know and experience eternal spiritual life, a vibrant quality of life that casts ordinary human experience into dark shadow. i feel inspired to seek god more, to open myself more to his profound revelation, to walk more closely on the path he calls me to. i feel challenged to open my eyes, in jesus words to keep awake , to notice the unnoticed, to value the unvalued and to be more thankful. and next time i eat a bag of tasty fish and chips, i will pause to savour, enjoy and appreciate every mouthful. do you ever find yourself talking at cross purposes with a client, resulting in bemusement, confusion or frustration? i met with a team recently to explore their work with others. i noticed how they would sometimes describe themselves as a service function , a title that implied and created a specific type of role and relationship in their own minds as well as in the minds of others. as we explored the nature of their work in more depth, it became clear that they aspired to relate to clients as business partners, not simply as service providers. in fact, they already relate to clients in a number of different modes but they hadn t yet stopped to reflect on and articulate this clearly. as they moved between modes implicitly rather than explicitly, it risked confusion. we separated the modes into a conceptual map, drawing this on a flipchart with quality and accountability as an overall goal. sometimes they operated as consultants, helping others to think through, understand and do things well for themselves. sometimes they operated as co-leaders, running joint initiatives, events, projects or processes in collaboration with others. sometimes they operated as service providers, providing information, advice or services or doing specific tasks on behalf of others. sometimes they operated in governance mode, ensuring that clients are aware of and adhere to legal, policy and agreed good practice. the trick as a business partner is to navigate between modes according contextual opportunities and demands. it s one thing to feel clear about your own role and chosen mode in a particular situation yet important, too, to ensure the client is also clear. one way to do this is to pose a simple question: this is how i see my role and your role in this situation. is that how you see it? posing the question in this way opens the possibility for discussion, clarification and negotiation.
__label__non_math	0.9996	good ol' charlie brown spends all february hoping he'll get a card from anyone, especially that little red-haired girl. based on years of charles schulz's beloved valentine's day comic strips, this tv special is as relevant today as it was when it was originally released in . young--and old--viewers can relate to the round-headed kid who struggles through life yet manages to remain optimistic. in this holiday classic, charlie brown proves that even if he doesn't get any valentines, he's still got heart. this age-by-age guide is presented by our sponsor. preschoolers will be interested in the different characters -- especially snoopy and woodstock -- but may be as upset as charlie brown himself about the fact that he's the only student in his class who doesn't get a valentine. it may be a good time to talk to little ones about how they would feel if that happened to them, and explain the importance of not leaving people out because it causes hurt feelings. children who relate to charlie brown and his feelings of being alone and outcast will learn the vital life lesson of never giving up hope. despite continually being made fun of, he plods on, confident that one day he'll get what he wants -- and eventually, in one of the bonus episodes, he actually does get to kiss his "dream girl tweens may feel sorry for charlie brown, and will hopefully become more aware of the way they treat others. they'll realize we all experience disappoint sometime, as they watch little sally mistakenly believe that the chocolates linus bought for his teacher are really for her. they may cringe when she says, "my loverboy approaches with my box of candy. i think i'll pucker up," and when linus discovers the teacher leaving with her boyfriend, but they'll laugh when he starts tossing the chocolates off a bridge and snoopy and woodstock stand underneath to catch them in their mouths
__label__non_math	0.9999	environmental factor, january , national institute of environmental health sciences collman named extramural director by thaddeus schug collman leads a division that is organized into seven branches and centers, composed of full-time federal employees. each year, the extramural program is responsible for awarding approximately 874 research grants for a total of approximately million. photo courtesy of amy collman niehs director linda birnbaum, ph.d., reached another milestone in her quest to build a quality leadership team with the appointment of longtime niehs epidemiologist and scientific program administrator gwen collman, ph.d., as director of the division of extramural research and training dert . the selection of collman, who served for the past two years as acting director, was announced dec. in a message from birnbaum to employees of niehs and ntp. "i am pleased to appoint gwen to a full-time seat on our leadership team," wrote birnbaum. "gwen has done a tremendous job advancing the institute's research priorities during her tenure as interim director of dert. her leadership skills were critical to implementation of niehs' portion of the american recovery and reinvestment act arra , while also guiding management and review of over grants per year." collman plans to draw on her vast scientific and leadership experience to build on the many successful extramural programs initiated during her tenure and to work with niehs leadership to strategically identify new directions and opportunities in environmental health science. "the challenge for the niehs extramural division is to continue to work effectively with our grantees, business partners, community members, and federal partners so that we are funding the most meaningful science, " said collman. "we have a very talented and committed team of scientists, grants management experts, program evaluators, and support staff in dert, and i am excited to work with them to meet the challenges of the future," said collman "it is important for our division to anticipate scientific opportunities and challenges, to build strong relationships with scientists, and to provide comprehensive information on our research priorities and the procedures to obtain funding for our many stakeholders." a productive -year career at niehs collman joined niehs as an epidemiologist in the institute's epidemiology branch, following completion of her doctorate in environmental epidemiology at the university of north carolina at chapel hill unc-ch school of public health in . in , she moved to dert as a scientific program administrator charged with building a strong portfolio in epidemiology. in , collman became chief of the dert susceptibility and population health branch, a post she held until being named acting director of the division in . she has been recognized many times for her work and has to her credit an impressive list of nih merit and director awards and other honors, scientific and policy publications, and presentations to a wide variety of audiences. she is recognized internationally for her work creating opportunities in public health, especially in environmental epidemiology, and has served as a councilor for the international society of environmental epidemiology. in addition to building a grant portfolio in environmental and molecular epidemiology, collman developed and managed several complex multidisciplinary research programs that include involvement of communities in partnerships with researchers. these include the niehs breast cancer and the environment research centers program and the niehs epa centers for children's environmental health and disease prevention and the genes, environment and health initiative. collman, is a longtime advocate of environmental justice and community-based participatory research. under her leadership, dert is entering the first phase of its new partnerships for environmental public health initiative - an umbrella program for advancing the impact of environmental public health research at local, regional, and national levels. looking toward the future earlier this year, collman was honored by her alma mater with the h.a. tyroler distinguished alumni award, presented by the unc-ch epidemiology chapter of the general alumni association see story . her talk focused on a theme she has emphasized during her career at niehs and one that continue to play a critical role in the future, community engagement in environmental epidemiology. during her interview lecture aug. at niehs, collman expanded on yet another theme that will surely mark her leadership of dert, "the power of the niehs extramural program." in her presentation, collman pointed to the program's extensive grantee base, its impact on the direction of scientific research, and its network of partners worldwide as tools for influencing the future of public health domestically and globally. thaddeus schug, ph.d., is a postdoctoral research fellow in the niehs laboratory of signal transduction and a regular contributor to the environmental factor. he is currently on detail as a program analyst in the niehs division of extramural research and training.
__label__non_math	1.0000	written by: tvm email "hey" maxie said as she came up behind me and i looked up with a smile. "i got german language lab in ten minutes, k?" "sure" i said as she leaned down and kissed me. me trying to feed her my tongue but maxie being maxie doesn't stick around long enough for that. just a quick peck on the lips and she was gone. "she could be a good kisser if she wanted to be." "at least you got a girlfriend" dakota commented from across the table. "i can't even get a girl to sniff me." "the way you smell i'm glad for them" i said as she gave me a slant eyed evil look and flipped me off, like always. i laughed. "kidding. you actually smell good." "yeh ok" she said and looking down at her 'food'. "what is this crap?" "i dunno but the stuff taste like they took a dump in the pot and then added some spices" i said as i looked down at the brown and red mess on my lunch tray that was supposed to have been meatloaf but didn't taste much like it. dakota laughed and offered no denials. "squeezed out a big one today." dakota's eyes suddenly began drifting across the cafeteria and it wasn't the first time i had seen her look that way either past few days if my memory serves . but i was honestly trying not to embarrass her and still figure out who she was secretly gawking at it was killing me . finally, playing it coy, i followed her eyes and turned and stood as if i were going to the soda machine and found what i thought to be the source of her attracton. a tongue hardening kitty kat girl who was sitting by herself and reading. it was the same girl from a few days ago, mindy sullivan. "damn girl she's hot." "huh?" dakota asked as i gave her a wicked smile and motioned with my eyes to the cute blond. "i don't know what your talking about." "blond, perky, and holla hot" i said as i sat back down and she blushed. confirming my discovery. i knew dakota wasn't straight from the moment i met her. but this was, obviously, not the first time i'd actually seen her openly stalk a hottie with her eyes. "denial?" "nope" she said as we both laughed. "go talk to her" i said. "noooo" she demanded. "i only talked to her once and if i just walk up and start talking to her she'll think i'm...stalking her. she's nice and i don't wanna get her scared of me." "ok, i will" i said with a daring smile as i rose and watched dakota about wet her panties as she scrambled after me. she met me at the end of the table and got in front of me. "what?" "i saw her first, thats not fair" dakota hissed and sneaking another look at the blond. "then go talk to her" i said. "try to control the drooling though." "fuck you" dakota said as i laughed. "stop, that's my book..." the pleading voice said as dakota and i turned and saw to no ones surprise that veronica was now holding the book of mindy's in her hand and taunting her. "look, please give it back....owwwwwwww." "what the fuck?" i asked as my feet started moving for me and i marched towards the table just after the brute pushed mindy to the ground roughly. she now stood over the girl who lay on the floor of the cafeteria terrified and covering up. veronica saw me and backed up a few feet as i stopped. "you got a problem shrek?" "yeh mouthy mindy, the dumb blond decided to start something so i showed her how i shut stupid blond's up" veronica said as mindy scrambled to her feet and instinctively stood behind me. "i did not, you started..." mindy said tentatively and shutting up when veronica stepped towards her. "you're a bully" i said to veronica and almost crapped myself when dakota pushed past me in a rage and crashed her body into veronica's. sending both of them to the floor in a heap. the cafeteria erupted with noise as dakota scrambled to her feet and punched veronica with every muscle in her body as the bigger girl tried to get up. i pulled her away before veronica could get back to her feet as dakota screamed, "you got one more time to fuck with her and i'm gonna hurt your fat ass." security arrived, 'shockingly' and seperated the two and squashed the situation before it escalated any further. dakota picked up mindy's book and handed it to her as mindy smiled brightly and gladly excepted it. the noise in the cafeteria was to loud to say anything still as the security helped veronica away and i made sure mindy walked with us as we made our way out of the cafeteria to the benches in the small courtyard just beyond the doors. mindy and dakota both seemingly nervous now as they sat down on opposites sides of me. "thanks..." mindy said and trailed off and giggled nervously. "it's ok, at least she knows not to fuck with me" i said as mindy looked at me and blushed as she laughed. "you didn't do anything" dakota said as she stood and glared at me. "hello..." "she was kidding, i think" mindy said as she stood and joined dakota. "i don't know why you did what you did, but thanks and all." "i saw her start with you before outside of the library" dakota said, "and then again a few days ago. remember when you hid behind the bushes? first time we met." "so you have been stalking her?" i asked. dakota's eyes showing the shock as i laughed and covered my mouth. "i'm gonna kill you, i was not stalking her, how about screwing my chance before it even starts?" dakota asked as she glared at me. "i saw you that day at the library" mindy said as dakota froze and looked back at her, "i did, you were using the computer in the corner, hair in braids?" "uh huh" dakota said as mindy grinned brightly. i defintely felt the attraction. apparently both had been stalking the other. "i wasn't stalking you, i'm not weird" dakota said softly. "yes you are" i said as she flipped me off and mindy laughed. "can we be friends? i like you guys" mindy asked with a hopeful voice. "only if you go out with my friend" i said as mindy's lip dropped open. "what do you say?" "cally, god you're a bitch" dakota said as she literally pushed me off my seat to the ground and i knew my warped sense of humor had once again went to far. "shut up." "you mean on a date?" mindy asked as we both looked back at her. "cause i've never been on a date with a girl." "noooo, big mouth skank on the ground is just that a...big mouth" dakota said as i got back to my feet. "i hope we can be friends." "ok" mindy said with a smile. "ugh, i had you all set up and you're too dense to go for it" i said to dakota. "cally..." dakota said with her fists clinched to her side. knowing dakota was already in the mood to kill me, i decided to go for broke and see if i could hook her up. so i said, "mindy will you go out with dakota, she likes you, if you say no we can still be friends." "ohhhh so you did mean a date?" mindy asked as dakota looked back at her. "you like me or is she just like...trying to make you mad?" "both" dakota said as she eyed balled me still. "both?" mindy asked in confusion until it finally dawned on her. "ohhhhhhh i get it, i'm kinda slow sometimes." "it doesn't show" i said as mindy giggled and gave me a dirty look. "ok, so we're friends" dakota said. "don't you have class cal?" "oh crap" i said as i looked at the clock above the door and saw it said five past the hour. "i'll see ya after?" "sure" dakota said as i rushed off towards the cafeteria to get my book bag. which in the choas earlier had been forgotten. "i seriously wonder sometimes why i am friends with her" i said as i watched cally run off towards the cafeteria. hearing mindy giggle and looking back to see her smiling at me. "don't take anything she says seriously she's just a crackhead." "i get that" mindy said as i smiled. "ummmmmm...about this date." "no pressure" i said. "seriously. i've never even been on a date with a girl either." "but you do like me?" she asked with an adorable biting her bottom lip smile. "kinda of yeh, but not in that weird ass stalker way that she made it seem" i said as mindy giggled. "she really gets under your skin huh?" "you have no idea" i said as mindy grinned. "wanna hang out for a while?" "yesss" mindy said as a smile crossed my face. ok, so this time i won't kill cally but it's gonna happen eventually, i promise you. "can we like go somewhere that no one else is?" "the lake ok?" i asked as she grinned and picked up her book and we made the short walk down behind keller-montgomery hall to the shore of the small lake that is secluded from the rest of the campus by the large number of trees that lined the shore. we found a patch of grass down by the shore and sat down and leaned against one of the huge trees. "i come down here to read sometime." "i like do to, no one messes with me down here" mindy said with a shrug. "bullies?" i asked as she gave me a worried look and said, "my sister cindy is forever fighting over me and that makes it even worse cause i'm always worried she'll get hurt." "me and cally sorta of run together cause we're both..." i said and trailing off and not knowing how to put it. "weird?" mindy asked with a playful grin. "noooo" i said as she laughed. "want me to beat you up?" "no" she said seriously and moved away a bit. "wait..." i said and touching her arm as i crawled over and got back in front of her. "i won't, i don't hit." "i was just kidding" she said softly. "and so was i" i said as i poked her in the ribs and she gave me a shocked look as she squirmed away and pointed at me. "stop that, i'm ticklish" she said as she again scooted away and i began crawling after her. catching her as we both tumbled to the grass and i sunk my fingers into her tickle spots. she squealed in laughter and broke away after a moment and rolled away from me with a cute smile on her face. "stop dakota, please no more, i'll pee my pants...please?" "no more tickling" i said as i crawled back to her side and laid down on my stomach as she now lay on her back and looked up at me. her eyes looking to into mine and i swear she tilted her head back and invited me to kiss her. but instead of that i absentmindedly ran my fingers under her chin and tickled her again as she giggled and grabbed my hand. "i said no more tickling" she demanded as she held my hand in hers and i moved closer. "ok, ok" i said as she smiled and this time i knew she wanted to be kissed as she sorta of gave me the 'go for it' look with her eyes. "can i kiss you?" "no" she said with a lip biting grin as we both laughed. but a moment passed as the giggles turned to something more serious and she released my hand and gently stroked her fingers under my chin and drew my lips to hers. what a sweet kiss.
__label__non_math	1.0000	you must be a registered user to post in this forum. if you are a registered user, please enter your username you must have cookies enabled in your browser to be able to login. if you have no account, please register. for more help, see our wiki with faq's. nikonians , nikoscope and nikoniansacademy are trademarks owned by nikonians.org. nikon , nikonos and nikkor are registered trademarks of nikon corporation.
__label__non_math	0.9929	understanding user settings u1 u2 in the d7000 just when you thought you knew everything about your nikon d7000... simplicity is key, and making sure you can just grab and shoot is ideal. but, how do you get there? learn a few simple user settings tweaks and configure your camera for specific shooting situations so you can change to them quickly. nikonians academy philadelphia last chance notice nikonians academy director mike hagen tells us the next round of workshops in pennsylvania includes some openings. log in and find your gear twins. the most clicked sponsored links markins ball heads lightweights for pro photographers load-to-weight ratio katz eye focusing screens custom camera focusing screens brighter viewfinder easier focus master your nikon d300 by nikonians press master your nikon d300 book by nikonian digital darrell - save .on gold membership
__label__non_math	0.9999	welcome to nine naturals at nine naturals, we re on a mission to make beauty simple, smart and safe for moms and moms-to-be. that s why we thoughtfully craft our products to give you the amazing results you love using only handpicked natural and organic ingredients. and it s why we never use anything artificial. ever. we believe taking good care of yourself is the best thing you can do for your baby. natural. paraben-free, sulfate-free, phthalate-free, bpa-free, triclosan-free. no artificial chemicals or synthetic dyes or fragrances. we are the first and only haircare line specifically designed for your pregnancy and beyond. try our pregnancy safe shampoo and conditioner today llc .
__label__non_math	0.9903	however, epic has no intention to bring the engine to the platform. the wii u is capable of running epic games' unreal engine , according to company vice president marc rein. he goes on to say, though, that epic has no plans to port the engine themselves, but that developers would be able to port games using that engine to the system. he clarifies this statement by saying that "we'll run on mobile phones and on a wide variety of things, so if a customer decides they want to port an unreal engine game to wii u, they could," but emphasizes that "unreal engine is a really good fit for that platform." epic's senior pr manager dana cowley also points out that "beyond the pc, we haven't confirmed any other platforms for unreal engine ."
__label__non_math	0.9950	senate plans two symbolic votes on taxes that won't change anything originally published on wed "senate leaders have reversed course and decided to stage showdown votes later today on rival democratic and republican plans for extending broad tax cuts next year that will otherwise expire in january," the associated press writes. so, democrats will get the chance to cast "yea" votes on their plan to extend the so-called bush tax cuts only for those earning less than a year. republicans will get the chance to cast "yea" votes on their plan to extend the tax cuts for everyone. neither measure will first need to get the support of senators just to come to a vote. senate leaders have agreed to suspend that rule, the ap says. but as the hill points out, even if democrats who have a bare majority in the senate, thanks to the support of two independents pass their version, "it has little prospect of becoming law because revenue-raising measures must originate in the house and house republicans will not pass a bill to end the bush tax cuts for any income brackets." so they've set votes that likely won't mean anything but will give each side the chance to say they voted "for" their plans. that underscores why washington post columnist ezra klein recently listed "reasons why this is the worst congress ever." he began with a graphic showing that unless this latest session has a sudden burst of bipartisan bohomie which is unlikely , it will have passed fewer laws than any since . update at p.m. et. senate approves one bill: the senate voted to approve the continuation of tax cuts for americans earning 250,000 a year. "the billion democratic measure would extend tax cuts in for millions of americans that otherwise would expire in january," the ap reports.
__label__non_math	0.9860	archive file: people e eichmann.adolf transcripts testimony-abroad franzslawik-last-modified: testimonies given abroad franz alfred joseph slawik june to the competent court of justice, vienna re: request for legal assistance the main hearing in the criminal proceedings against the accused adolf eichmann is at present taking place in this court. in the context of this main hearing, i request you to extend legal assistance to this court by the examination on oath of the following witness: franz slawik, currently in the remand installation, vienna, austria. the witness is to be examined on the following allegations of the accused: that in april and may he worked for the accused as a house steward and caretaker; that during the time when the accused lived in the apostol street, a jewish youth called salomon was neither beaten nor killed on the grounds of this house. to complete the testimony of the witness, i request that the witness also be asked the following questions which were drawn up by counsel for the accused: in april, may and june of , did you, as a member of the ss, act as caretaker of the lodgings which the accused occupied from time to time? did you also perform this activity in the house in which the accused lived in apostol street in budapest, and which had previously belonged to a jewish industrialist called leopold aschner? apart from eichmann and yourself, who else lived in this house? at this time, did eichmann have a hungarian- speaking chauffeur called teitel? at the end of may, were trenches dug in the garden of the villa for air-raid protection or other purposes? who carried out this work? did neighbours complain that the people working there were stealing fruit? did you, together with the driver, teitel, lock up the suspect in a corridor next to the back entrance of the villa? did you then fetch a third person, and did you enter the corridor with that person? did you, or did the person with you, beat up the alleged offender? who was the person with you? what was the outcome of the beating? did the driver, teitel, drive the victim away in the accused's amphibious vehicle? i would also request that the witness be asked the following additional questions which were drawn up by the attorney general: when did you make the accused's acquaintance? when did you start working for him, and in which offices did you work for him? as the accused's subordinate, what were the duties you carried out? when did you come to hungary? where did you live in budapest? when did the accused move into aschner's villa? what were your duties at the villa? describe the villa and its environs. did hungarian jews work in the garden of the villa? who made the labourers available? who superintended the work? what were the duties of the engineer kolbach? who was engineer buehring? what work did the hungarian jews carry out in the villa and its environs? who were the accused's chauffeurs? how were the tools kept in the villa? while you were staying at the aschner villa, what clothes did you wear? how was the accused dressed? what fruit grew in the garden of the villa and the neighbouring gardens? to whom did the fruit in the villa's garden belong? who ordered you to punish those who stole fruit from the garden of the villa or the neighbouring villas? from whom did you learn that the boy salomon had stolen fruit? on whose orders did you lock him in the tool shed? when did you call the accused to come to the tool shed? with what tools or other instruments did the accused maltreat the boy salomon? on which parts of salomon's body were blows inflicted by the accused? describe salomon's appearance after he was maltreated. what orders did the accused give to the chauffeur for the removal of the body? what do you know about the accusation that one of your jewish workers tried to rape a hungarian child? what measures did the accused adopt after learning of this accusation? with whom did this false accusation originate, and was it withdrawn? what were your duties in connection with the jewish labourers? what do you know of the fate of engineer kolbach? i would request you to summon to the examination of the witness the representative of the attorney general of the state of israel, c o h.e. ambassador dr. f.e. shinnar, israel mission, cologne, as well as counsel for the accused, advocate dr. r. servatius, hohenzollernring , cologne, and to afford them, on their part, the opportunity to ask the witness any questions which might arise from his answers. there is no objection on the part of this court to the aforementioned representatives of the parties obtaining copies of the record of the examination. please forward the original of the record of the examination to this court, - moshe landau president of the trial court file no.: a hs examination of witness vienna district court for criminal matters, on july , as from .a.m. present: judge: counsellor of district court franz fiedler recording clerk: vb juliane beringer criminal proceedings uagainst: adolf eichmann the witness is instructed to tell the truth in reply to questions which he is to be asked, according to the best of his knowledge and belief, to conceal nothing, and to give his testimony in such a way as to be able to affirm it upon oath if required to do so. with regard to his personal circumstances he stated: ------ . first name and surname: alfred josef slawik . age: .. . place of birth: vienna . religion: roman catholic . marital status: married . occupation: warehouse supervisor . residence: vienna , wirerstrasse - , currently remanded for investigation at the vienna district court for criminal matters. . relationship to the accused or other persons involved in the examination: not related section 153 of the code of criminal procedure was explained to him. i. on the allegations of the accused, adolf eichmann: ------ 051 : from april until around november , i worked for eichmann as the caretaker, or rather house servant, at the aschner villa in apostol street, budapest am rosenberg . 052 : i do not and did not know anything about a jewish boy being beaten or killed on the grounds of the aschner villa in apostol street while i was working for eichmann. today i am not sure whether i was away in vienna for ten days or two weeks of leave in april or may . after i returned, i heard nothing about any such event. ii. on the questions of the defence: 051 : from april until approximately november , i worked for eichmann as house servant, only in the aschner villa in the apostol street. i was a member of the ss with the rank of an oberscharfuehrer. 052 : the aschner villa in apostol street was said to have belonged to a manufacturer of electric bulbs by the name of aschner. 053 : in addition to eichmann and myself, the other permanent residents of the aschner villa were the hungarian caretaker couple whose name i no longer remember , a servant called janka, and eichmann's driver, karl boehm. shortly after we moved into the villa, two more of eichmann's drivers also came to live there, but i only remember the name teitel. i no longer remember the name of the third driver. at the time of the hungarian arrow cross revolt i no longer remember when this was , the tenants of the villa were ss fuehrer abromeit, wisliceny, novak, dannecker, girzick and government counsellor hunsche. 054 : teitel must have come to eichmann from the waffen-ss as the driver of an amphibious vehicle, around the middle or end of april . he was an ethnic german from hungary. i heard that in june or july teitel was brought before an ss court for the murder of an old woman in budapest and was said to have been shot. 055 : it must have been may when two covered pits for shelter were dug in the garden of the villa. another garden, which was separated from the garden of the villa by a little path, also belonged to the aschner villa. air-raid trenches were dug in this garden, too, probably for the inhabitants of the surrounding villas. 056 : this work was carried out by a jewish engineer using jewish labourers. i myself had nothing at all to do with this work. 057 : i know nothing about complaints about stealing of fruit. i am unable to say anything about questions to , as i know nothing about this. iii. on the questions of the attorney general: 051 : i made eichmann's acquaintance around the beginning of in vienna. 052 : at the beginning of , i came to the central office for jewish emigration in vienna. this was subordinate to section ivb4a of the head office for reich security, and eichmann was in charge of the office. i remained a member of the eichmann office until the end of the war. 053 : i was at first assigned to the ss guard which was responsible for guarding the office building; i then carried out the duties of a telephonist and orderly, and i also acted temporarily as cook for the office. it was only in budapest that i was under eichmann personally as his house servant. 054 : i came to budapest at the beginning of april . 055 : as soon as i came to hungary, i lived in the aschner villa. 056 : eichmann moved into the aschner villa at the same time as i did. he came to hungary before me, and i believe that prior to that he lived in a hotel. 057 : at the aschner villa, i was responsible for ensuring that the household was run properly. i had to take care of the cleanliness of the premises, as well as catering for eichmann and taking care of his personal needs. when there were visitors, i also had to see to it that the guests were waited on. 058 : the aschner villa, a two-storey building, was situated on the rosenberg, in a garden which sloped towards the danube. the villa also had a tower. the entrance to the garden and the entrance to the villa were both in apostol street. the villa had another entrance, to the basement, which led to the caretaker's flat and the heating installation. this entrance was at the rear of the house, around the back from the entrance to the villa proper, in the right-hand corner. from the entrance to the villa itself, one first came to a vestibule cloakroom , which had two doors. the door in the wall on the right led into a room, while the door opposite the entrance door led into a round hall, which was dome-shaped and extended into the second floor. on the right of the hall the steps led up to the second floor. on the left of the entrance to the hall were the servants' stairs to the second floor, the door to the kitchen and to the large dining room. the servants' stairs also had an exit to the servants' quarters in the basement. opposite the entrance to the hall there was a door to the lounge. on the right of the lounge there was the winter garden, while on the left of the lounge a door covered by wallpaper led to the library. the windows of the winter garden, the lounge and the library overlooked the garden, with a view of the danube. on the first floor were the sitting rooms in which we lived. above the winter garden, the lounge and the library there were no rooms, but a large terrace. on the right of the aschner villa, looking from apostol street to the villa, there was another villa with the garage in the left-hand corner of the garden, and there was a little path, and on the other side of this path there was a large garden, which also belonged to the aschner villa. the slope down towards the danube was not built up. the entire other side of apostol street was taken up by villas. 059 and : hungarian jews, made available by the religious community, worked in the garden of the aschner villa. to : no work was carried out in the villa itself; the air-raid installations, already mentioned, were built only in the two gardens. i believe that the name of the engineer from the jewish community who had to carry out the air-raid constructions was kolbach. this engineer was responsible for carrying out and supervising the work. i do not know an engineer buehring. : karl boehm was eichmann's permanent chauffeur; eichmann also had another two drivers - teitel, and an ss unterscharfuehrer whose name i have forgotten. : i do not know where the tools were kept. i paid no attention to this work, as i had nothing to do with it. : at the aschner villa i only wore civilian clothes. i had one brown and one dark blue suit. : eichmann only wore the ss uniform. : there were many flower beds in the garden of the villa, but not many trees. however, i do not know if they were fruit trees. i myself eat hardly any fruit and therefore was not interested in the trees. the other garden, which also belonged to the villa, had many trees in it, but i forget what sort of trees they were. : i do not know anything about any fruit being taken. if there was any fruit, this might have been taken by the hungarian caretaker. the hungarian caretaker was already there when i arrived at the villa and must have been engaged already by aschner. i never fetched fruit or arranged to have fruit fetched from the garden for supplying the household. i am unable to say anything about questions to , as i know nothing about this. i never received an order to punish fruit thieves, i never locked anyone up in any room of the villa. i know nothing at all of a tool shed in the villa. the garden was maintained by the hungarian caretaker, but i do not know where he kept his tools. i do not know anything about eichmann having ill-treated anyone or a boy called salomon. to : i do not know anything about one of the jewish workers being accused of having tried to rape a hungarian child. i did not have any jewish workers, and jewish labourers were only used in the garden to install the air- raid shelters. i am unable to give any further information, as i know nothing about this. : i had nothing at all to do with the jewish labourers. : i do not know anything about the fate of engineer kolbach. read, confirmed, signed - juliane beringer - franz slawik - f. fiedler section 153 of the code of criminal procedure reads: if the giving of evidence or replying to a question would result in a direct and major material loss for the witness, or would bring discredit upon himself or one of his relatives section 152 , and he therefore refuses to give evidence, he should only be compelled to give such evidence in circumstances of extreme importance. section 170, paragraph , of the code of criminal procedure reads: the following persons may not be sworn, and otherwise their oath is void: those who have themselves been convicted or are suspected of having committed or having been an accessory to the criminal offence on account of which they are being examined. ... what's new? the nizkor project, home site map what's new? search nizkor
__label__non_math	0.9972	they go door-to-door looking for seniors who may need a motorized scooter. they even offer to give them the scooter absolutely free. those who accept the offer are then asked for their medicare or medicaid number. they then bill medicare or medicaid for a motorized wheelchair. what is the difference? a scooter can cost ,000. this practice seems to run rampant throughout much of new jersey, particularly in apartment buildings catering to seniors. "it's a popular medicare medicaid scam that costs the government millions of dollars," according to charles clarkson, an attorney and coordinator of the nj healthcare advocate volunteer effort nj have . "once seniors unwittingly give out their medicare or medicaid number, insurance crooks are off to the races." combating this problem through education is the goal of the nj have, under the auspices of jewish family vocational service of middlesex county see which is part of a federally funded effort called the senior medicare patrol smp program. "medicare and medicaid fraud is a huge problem that the federal government hopes to tackle by teaching medicare and medicaid beneficiaries how to avoid becoming victims of fraud, waste and abuse," said mr. clarkson. "everyone has a stake in this because money lost to these practices has an impact on premiums and deductibles and could result in cutbacks to these programs." nj have offers the following tips to avoid becoming a victim of medicare fraud: search this site:
__label__non_math	0.9999	by tom boyle all things birds associate naturalist birding the northern section of the lake: walk east along the henry hudson trail and over a small bridge. eastern phoebe has nested under this bridge. after the bridge, turn right off the paved trail and then left. follow the unpaved trail a short distance to a small tidal cove in the lake. on a changing tide, yellow-crowned night heron is regularly seen. both night herons nest locally and can be seen frequently. occasionally, diamond-backed terrapins are seen basking on flotsam in the cove. continue on the unpaved trail until it ends at a lawn on the lake's north side. scan the lake here. shorebirds can be found in migration, along with herons, osprey, gulls, cormorants, terns, and waterfowl. great black-backed gull has begun nesting on one of the islands in the lake. don't be surprised to see something unusual. an american white pelican was seen on the lake in january about five years ago. i've seen american oystercatcher, black skimmer, and copulating least terns sitting on the island in front of you. this is a good spot to check for lingering waterfowl at world series of birding time mid-may . northern shoveler has been seen in late may, canvasback in late june and a drake bufflehead has lingered here into july the woods along the henry hudson trail are good for migrants in spring. in recent years i've seen and heard acadian, alder, and olive-sided flycatchers; gray-cheeked thrush; mourning and brewster's warblers; yellow-breasted chat; and lincoln's and white-crowned sparrows. fall is equally good, and connecticut warbler is regular at that time of year. if you walk the trail a little more than a quarter mile to the next bridge, look north along thorne's creek for purple martins, which now nest in houses provided by a homeowner here. birding the southern section of the lake: natco park, a 260-acre green acres site managed by hazlet township, consists of mature swampy woods excellent in spring for migrants. from the lakeside manor restaurant parking lot, walk down the orange trail near the lake and into the woods. philadelphia vireo has been seen here in late may. the mature oaks along this trail can have bay-breasted, tennessee, and cape may warblers. a knowledge of bird song will be helpful here as the vegetation is thick. the trail turns left and follows the shoreline, eventually coming to a small cove on map where spotted sandpipers are seen. at the south end of the cove, the trail now the red trail turns southeasterly into the woods. a small footbridge crosses over a little ripple called thorne's creek. here the understory is again very thick. in this area in spring i've seen such sought-after migrants as yellow-throated vireo; louisiana waterthrush; and worm-eating, prothonotary, hooded, and kentucky warblers. continue south along the red trail. as you approach another footbridge, the blue trail comes in from the right. follow it a short way to an area with standing water in spring . check this spot for rusty blackbird and northern waterthrush. back on the main red trail, continue south. the trail gains elevation, leading into an area of pitch pine habitat . pine warbler nests and whip-poor-will has been found here. retrace your steps back along the trail to the cove at the lake. facing the cove, take the part of the red trail that leads left west away from the lake. the mature deciduous woods along the trail have nesting wood thrush, ovenbird, and red-eyed vireo. this trail eventually comes to a t intersection with the yellow trail. turn left onto the yellow trail, which will gain elevation until it arrives at another t intersection. turn right on the unmarked trail and walk slowly to a small opening in the forest. in spring the vernal pond here holds the occasional solitary sandpiper. roosting above the pond in spring i've seen broad-winged and red-shouldered hawks. continuing along this trail will lead through several wet areas with second-growth woodland. prairie, mourning, and wilson's warblers have been seen here, and brown thrashers nest in this area. return to the last t, and turn left to retrace your route along the yellow trail. pass the intersection with the red trail and continue straight ahead on the yellow trail to reach the parking lot. raptors are very much in evidence in the natco lake area in spring as northbound hawks bump up against the bayshore. on west winds, hawk flights can be seen over the park right from the parking lot. these flights consist mostly of buteos, with vultures, accipiters, and the occasional bald eagle mixed in. mississippi kite and common raven were seen over the park in spring . additional breeding birds in the park include scarlet tanager, great-crested flycatcher, ruby-throated hummingbird, cooper's hawk, and great horned and screech owls. northern saw-whet owl has occurred in winter. mammals in the park include whitetail deer, opossum, raccoon, striped skunk, flying squirrel and both red and gray fox. with its mix of deciduous swamp and upland pine oak forest, natco is also very botanically diverse. natco's mix of habitat, along with its location on the bayshore, makes it a great place to discover birds. for more information on the park, including a more complete trail map, write to the hazlet environmental commission at 317 middle road, hazlet, nj .
__label__non_math	0.9995	you ve waited all year, wondering who would be our top pick as the most influential person in the new jersey real estate community. if you were following closely, you thought you d find out today. the list, which is part of our real estate report supplement, is now scheduled to publish on dec. . the supplement was scheduled to go to the printer one of the days njbiz was closed for the storm. the list was completed, and there were just some final small changes needed in the rest of the supplement before shipping it off to the printer. unfortunately, pushing publication of the list to nov. or nov. was not an option because other supplements were already scheduled for those dates. managing editor joe st. arney and i who compile and rank the list and write all the blurbs are very eager to see the list published. i d imagine you are too. so, in the meantime, i will offer a couple clues about the list. we have a new no. person this year. for manny stern supporters: you know he was no. last year as sort of a black hat pick because of the whole tussle over panasonic. that s now old news. which brings me to another point: we had a high turnover again on this power list. about half the people on last year s list fell off so if you are one of them, don t fret you are in good company . joe and i always make sure all our power lists reflect current events, defined as the past months, and we also look at who is likely to keep trending up in the near future. in new jersey, things move fast and the ever-changing world of real estate is no exception. the power real estate list and its turnover rate reflects that. i m just keeping my fingers crossed that nothing changes between now and dec. that would alter our power list. in new jersey, you never know.
__label__non_math	0.9994	the law, which christie signed thursday, allows judges to enter foreclosure judgments for homes that they find are deserted, easing a costly and time-consuming process for banks. to help judges make their determination, the homes must meet at least two of conditions identified in the legislation, such as overgrown or neglected vegetation and disconnected utility service. the bill is one of two that the legislature has passed with the hope of helping the state's housing market. the other, which would give funding to turn foreclosed houses into affordable housing, has been sent to christie's desk but has not been signed. the fate of the companion bill was still unclear today after christie vetoed an earlier version of the bill in june. but the enactment of the first bill was a victory for a broad contingent that includes groups like bankers, builders, real estate agents and housing advocates. "the homeowner who moves away early in the process basically hands the keys over or just tucks them in their pocket and walks away," said josh mann, a real estate attorney with budd larner. "and you still have to wait an incredible amount of time in order to foreclose the property." mann, who helped craft the legislation as special counsel to the new jersey builders association, said that "especially when it's unoccupied, that's where you have the real deterioration of the property and the real problems for the neighborhood." he said those issues exist in both urban and affluent suburban areas. christie's office declined to comment on either foreclosure bill. advocates, meanwhile, said it was hard to tell what course he would take after the earlier veto. "we're hopeful, but obviously i can't read the governor's mind," arnold cohen, policy coordinator for the housing and community development network of new jersey. "he hasn't been public about whatever issues are there." both cohen and mann said the bill that has been enacted will make a measurable impact, though the results would be far more significant if both measures become law. "if you have both signed into law, it means our state is going to get out of the foreclosure crisis on an expedited basis," mann said, noting that it will help clear inventory and create work for contractors.
__label__non_math	0.9998	shanny chokes everyplayoffs, it's expected. that's wrong. check the years when detroit won the cup. he was pretty darn productive the first two. not sure about . by your logic and based on his play last season: you don't hand out roster spots to unproven rookies...like prucha, but since shanahan has been in the league, won't play physical or play defense...he gets a spot because your paying him million a year? i am happy about this signing because it helps us. just like how an injury prone alexander mogilny and vlad malakhov were handed spots by your team. just a friendly fyi scoop derek would know - but i'll stand by my belief that he still needs to prove his mettle as a threat in the coming year. of course he has to prove himself. he did it one year. but he was going to be a lock for before his injury against the flyers. afterwards, he wasn't as effective. i will be curious to see how much he bulks up. if he adds strength, combined with skill and work ethic, he could be lethal. and btw, most of his goals came playing 2nd line or on the pp. he was on the pp with jagr - power play goals. his shooting percentage was - unsustainable over a career. the rangers will have to be happy next year if prucha can score -in a full season, and they'll want him to double his shots on goal at least. the last part on the sog is the biggest thing in my book. this guy has great hands and is very difficult to handle one-on-one. it's not like he can't finish without jj. he's not a selfish kid. i'm just saying that this guy doesn't have the flash yet to be a consistent goal scorer though this is the "new" nhl . being on his own line with wingers not named jagr will undoubtedly impact his production. plus, with shanahan taking up more pp minutes, prucha could very well see his pp time cut. depends what they opt to do. maybe stick him up front with jagr and nylander. and team straka and rachunek at the point. i see shanny playing with cullen more than jagr. though they could opt for shanny to play left side making that dangerous one-timer option pass out for jagr. either way, the pp will get a boost. both units will be bolstered.
__label__non_math	1.0000	women s care at northland women s center dedicated to women s health with a wide range of services and a focus on mind and body, the northland women s center at north kansas city hospital excels at caring for women. we re here to serve you at every stage of life. what sets us apart? having a baby? at northland women s center, we know giving birth is one of life s most precious experiences. we welcome the opportunity to share in that experience and do everything we can to ensure the best possible delivery for moms and their families. maybe that s why we deliver more babies than anyone else in the area. learn more about our outstanding maternity services. healthy mind body
__label__non_math	1.0000	steeles creek rd lot , warsaw, ky us home steeles creek rd lot , warsaw, kentucky build your dream home here in warsaw, kentucky what a beautiful place to build your dream home request more information equal housing opportunity property information deemed reliable but not guaranteed and should be verified. total access grants you the ability to download reports, disclosures, virtual tours, home database information, and much more
__label__non_math	1.0000	if there s a stack of old newspapers gathering dust under the bed or out in the shed, australian libraries want to know about it. the search is on for these valuable pieces of our social history, as part of the australian newspaper plan a nation-wide initiative of state and territory libraries designed to find, collect and preserve access to historic newspapers. national spokeswoman for the anplan, cathy pilgrim, of the national library of australia, said newspapers did not just report the news. they told stories of their times, through advertisements, photographs and even their design stories we want to save for all australians. the aim is to find the thousands of missing pieces in the jigsaw of our history, she said. old newspapers are an important part of our social, political and cultural history and they offer valuable insights into a society changed forever. some of australia s most wanted newspapers include: often a chance conversation uncovers these wanted papers which may have been lying hidden in someone s garage, in an elderly person s collection of keepsakes, or even in the vaults of a local historical society or archive, ms pilgrim said. once the wanted newspapers have been tracked down, they will be carefully saved to ensure their preservation for future generations of australians. access will be made freely available through the national library of australia and state and territory libraries. for a full list of the wanted newspapers from all states of australia, go to for information on the australian newspaper plan: contact cathy pilgrim on ; firstname.lastname for information on act newspapers: contact julie whiting on ; email
__label__math	0.8772	this anonymous treatise consists of an alphabetical discussion of medicaments, with a long marginal commentary in which the medical manual tadhkhirah by d d ibn umar al-an k is frequently cited. no other copy has been identified. the copy is undated. the general appearance of the paper, ink, and script suggests a date of the 18th century. the text is written is a fairly inelegant medium-large naskh script using black ink with headings in red and red overlinings. it was transcribed by the same unnamed copyist as copied items and in the volume. there are catchwords. there are copious marginalia filling nearly all the margins, essentially forming a commentary. the tadhkhirah by da ud ibn umar al-antaki is frequently cited. the volume consists of 186 leaves. it is a mixed volume with different items in it, copied by at least two different copyists. item fols. 1a-3b is an anonymous alchemical fragment ms a , item , item fols. 4a-54a is the abridgement of a treatise called al-bay n by ibn jazlah ms a , item , and item fols. 54b-64b extracts from al-bay n by ibn jazlah ms a , item . item fols. 65b-68a is an anonymous, untitled essay on stones ms a , item , item fols. 68b-74a an anonymous collection of therapeutic procedures ms a , item , and item fols. 74a-75b on regimen for infants, extracted from kit b al-bay n ? ibn jazlah ms a , item . item fols. 76a-96b is the anonymous treatise on materia medica here catalogued; item fols. 97a-100a an anonymous tract on medicinal oils ms a , item , and item fols. 100b-121a a magical-medical treatise by ibn t mart al-maghrib ms a , item . item fols. 121b-125a is an anonymous alphabetical list of medicaments ms a , item , and item fols. 125b-140b is the commentary on an identified "poem on the principles of the art of medicine" ms a , item . item fols. 140b-142a contains selections from kit b al- w f ilm al-tad w by najm al-din al-shirazi ms a , item , and item fols. 142b-157b, 159a-172a is an untitled anonymous treatise in five chapters on medicine, magic, and divination ms a , item . item fols. 172b-174a is an anonymous tract on divination ms a , item , item fols. 174b-175a untitled extracts from medical writings ms a , item , and item fols. 175a-181b is an anonymous astrological treatise ms a , item . item fols. 182a-184b is an anonymous treatise titled d 'ir mu ibb f ilm al- ibb , on magical medicine ms a , item , while the final item, item fols. 185a-186b , is an anonymous essay on the numerical values of letters and magic squares ms a , item . the volume is bound in pasteboards covered with brown leather, over which light-brown paper has been placed on the covers. there is a recent brown leather spine. the paper pastedowns are contemporary with the manuscript and are covered with miscellaneous notes. there is an owner's signature dated on fol. 3b of the volume, and there are several owners's notes on fol. 4a, none apparently dated. the volume was purchased in by the army medical library from a.s. yahuda, who acquired it from a dealer in sanaa, the yemen els . schullian sommer, cat. of incun. mss., pp. 326-entry a87 this item is not listed . nlm microfilm reel: film -129 no.
__label__non_math	1.0000	college life involves excitement, along with new challenges, risks, and responsibilities. you are meeting new people, learning new things, and making your own decisions. it can sometimes be stressful. you have to deal with pressures related to food, drink, appearance, drugs, and sexual activity. there are steps you can take to stay healthy and safe while you're in college, such as centers for disease control and prevention references and abstracts from medline pubmed national library of medicine
__label__non_math	1.0000	ultimate fan plan - per ticket web fee. includes one ticket for each home game games ; in concession food vouchers per game ; and a ga season parking pass. seats are located in the upper east side of the glass bowl, sections -and filled by best available. season tickets will be mailed in late august. there is no refund exchange on ticket orders. please check your order before finalizing.
__label__non_math	0.9995	the purpose of licensing and certification in social work it to assist the public through identification of standards for the safe professional practice of social work. each state defines by law what is required for each level of social work licensure. typically, there are four categories of practice that states may legally regulate. basic: baccalaureate social work degree upon graduation. intermediate: master's degree in social work msw with no post-degree experience; advanced: msw with two years post-master's supervised experience; and clinical: msw with two years post-master's direct clinical social work experience social work degrees must be obtained from programs of social work that are accredited by the council on social work education cswe or other nationally recognized accrediting agencies. non-social work degrees are accepted in some instances at the basic level. some states regulate only one of these practice levels, while most states regulate two or more levels of social work practice. association of social work boards this is one of the best sites for summary information and links to licensing information throughout the country. social work examination services has been a leader in providing on-site review courses and home study programs specifically designed to prepare social workers for license examinations throughout the united states. their web-site provides links to most state boards.
__label__non_math	1.0000	aka sunday francis adeniyi birthplace: oshogbo, ondo state, nigeria race or ethnicity: black executive summary: king of juju king sunny ade was born into nigeria's ondo royal family, but rebelled against the contraints of his background by dropping out of school and becoming a musician -- an occupation held in very low regard in his homeland. he built up a reputation working with several juju bands in lagos juju being a guitar-based musical style popular in nigeria before finally forming his own band, the green spots, in . already hugely popular in africa, ade began to gain attention in europe and the states during the surge of interest in "world music" that took place in the early 1980s. he has used the monies gained from his popularity to establish a wide variety of business interests. filmography as actor o.c. and stiggs -jul- himself do you know something we don't? submit a correction or make a comment about this profile
__label__non_math	0.9999	finance department home page the finance department provides a wide scope of financial services to the city. the department consists of full-time, one part-time employee, and one summer intern. employees are highly trained in accounting, finance, benefits administration, and payroll. department professionals keep abreast on federal and state developments especially in the areas of tax laws and accounting principals. unlike other departments, finance has two year-ends. for taxes and wage reporting, there is a calendar year-end december . for financial reporting, there is a fiscal year-end, which is june . the finance department interacts with all city departments on a daily basis in terms of administering employee payroll and benefits, establishing and maintaining the accounting systems, auditing, processing department expenditures, and communicating the financial policies of the department. the director of finance serves as the ex-officio secretary of the retirement board and as administrative head of the fund which at present exceeds million. although financial management is the major function of the department, promotion of health through the fitness program, personal financial responsibility seen through the deferred compensation plan, and employee education through administration of an on-site undergraduate program are added aspects of the department. the finance department oversees the functions of accounting, accounts payable, benefits, retirement, and payroll. accounting is responsible for recording and reporting all financial transactions on an accurate and timely basis; preparing financial statements in accordance with general accepted accounting principles including the comprehensive annual financial report cafr . accounts payable processes payment of invoices for all city departments and manages travel request in accordance with city policy. the benefits office maintains the city's benefits such as health, dental, and vision. retirements are also processed through the benefits office. payroll processes weekly, semi-monthly, and monthly checks. to provide efficient and effective financial and administrative services. to maintain accurate financial accounting records according to generally accepted accounting principles gaap by compiling monthly and annual financial reports; to administer the employee retirement fund and the post retirement health fund; to disburse funds needed for services and or goods rendered to the city; to process city and pension payrolls; and to provide the most comprehensive benefits at the lowest possible cost to the employee or retiree.
__label__non_math	0.9949	ufo: extraterrestrials is a futuristic real-time turn-based strategy blend set on the fictional planet of esperanza in . having made a bloody first contact with a strange form of life from another planet, the player is thrust into the tough position of leading the defense of this isolated planet against the never-ending assault of these hostile invaders. advanced artificial intelligence. free movement standard can't get into a building? use a heavy weapon to make your own entrance. weapon and technology advancement accomplished by global research and base building. hire and allocate scientists for various research projects. examine aliens, develop better weapons, armor, grenades, med-kits, stim-packs, cannons, vehicles, tanks, hovercrafts, energetic shields, and interceptors. allocate technicians to build the various items that have been researched. prepare and properly equip your team and base to handle the various alien threats and incursions. build sell hangars, medical sections, detection systems, labs, workshops, stores and sam sites. intercept and eliminate the alien fighters and transports before they enter the planets air space and reinforce their troops. ufopedia provides detailed information on: weapons, vehicles, carriers, robots, interceptors, aliens, base facilities, technologies, ammunition also provides useable on which ammo is effective versus which alien, damage capabilities, speed, cost, and usage. complexity: medium field of play: tactical historical period: sci-fi unit scale: individual units game play: space players: ai: aliens tcp ip: no pbem: no game editor: no windows xp vista with directx .0ca nd greater .ghz processor 128 mb video card with directx .0c compatible drivers 256 mb ram .gb free hard disk space windows compatible mouse and keyboard
__label__non_math	0.9427	paypal's recent introduction of their website payment pro service has the potential to make much simpler and cheaper for small businesses to add e-commerce to their websites. in my work with clients to find the right ecommerce solutions, problems keep on reoccurring: setup fees and running fees are high it can cost hundreds of dollars just to some logos from thelogocompany.net: creative and cheap there are many affordable ways to get a corporate identity. wired magazine recently conducted a test of some cheap logo providers. they invented a company and asked online shops to create a logo for them. unfortunately the online version of the article grading the logo shops does not show
__label__non_math	0.8856	because he was happy at first. do user notes bother you? users browsing this thread: do they you? not at all. do you like the the middle by jimmy eat world? my simpsons season ratings reviews: moonshine river , treehouse of horror xxiii , adventures in baby-getting , gone abie gone , penny wise-guys a tree grows in springfield , the day the earth stood cool , to cur with love homer goes to prep school a test before trying , the changing of the guardian , love is a many-splintered thing , hardly kirk-ing , gorgeous grampa , black-eyed, please , dark knight court pulpit friction , futurama - season : the bots and the bees : , a farewell to arms : decision : , the thief of baghead : , zapp dingbat : the butterjunk effect : , the six million dollar mon : fun on a bun : , free will hunting : , near-death wish : , 31st century fox : , viva mars vegas : naturama : , never heard it do you ever stop and go "wow, i'm married to that"? for the song, i'm sure that if you go on youtube and listen to this song you will say : i already heard it favourite song of to ? just listened, and yea, never heard it. lose yourself by eminem least favorite song? anything that's overplayed on the radio. do you plan on going to college? l'via l'viaquez i know it from guitar hero world tour yes i plan to go to college. favourite song of to ? i really don't know. what's your "go-to" move when talking to girls? well first we have to assume i can actually muster up the courage to say anything to the girls... why do i lack confidence? because you're a young lad yet. confidence and swag comes with age know what i mean? last time you cried? check out my south park episode ideas in my user notes note: it's the fifth and last note : "i got blisters on me fingers led zeppelin iv houses of the holy physical graffiti led zeppelin ii led zeppelin i led zeppelin iii presence in through the out door coda this week, i think. i'm something of a crybaby nope...but tyrant might have done catnip. should cats use catnip? haha, why not? my cats use catnip, they love it. way too much how many pets do you have? currently a dog named oreo. now guess what colours it is. no seriously, guess. that's my question. favourite least favourite by seasons that i own somewhat stolen from financial panther : - dog of death when flanders failed - lisa's first word so it's come to this: a simpsons clip show - secrets of a successful marriage bart's inner child - and maggie makes three another simpsons clip show - marge be not proud bart the fink - homer's phobia the simpsons spin-off showcase - king of the hill trash of the titans - wild barts can't be broken maximum homerdrive man getting hit by football. what is your favourite of homer's lifelong dreams? being allowed to do his job from home if people don't start settling down, are you going to start coming here less? possibly; depending on whether or not i can find something that truly makes me come here less. is fat mac funny? the falcon and the d'ohman . bart stops to smell the roosevelts . treehouse of horror xxii . replacable you . the food wife . the book job . the man in the blue flannel pants . the ten-per-cent solution . holidays of future passed . politically inept, with homer simpson . the d'oh-cial network . moe goes from rags to riches . the daughter also rises . at long last leave . exit through the kwik-e-mart . how i wet your mother . them, robot . beware my cheating bart . a totally fun thing that bart will never do again . the spy who learned me . ned 'n' edna's blend . lisa goes gaga . fat mac" is what the main character "mac" from the show "it's always sunny in philidelphia" would become during season .this is normal mac and this is fat mac last edited by d'oh nuts; at . question: movies shows you'd recommend? check out my profile. what do you think of the "bountygate" situation in the nfl? don't know what that is what is that? within the last few years, players of the new orleans saints organization would pay players on their team to take out good players on the field. are you judgmental? not unless i'm given a reason to be. have you ever liked pokemon? there are currently users browsing this thread. members and guests
__label__non_math	1.0000	microsoft's first lync conference: what did we learn? lots of announcements and progress, but a few missing pieces. microsoft's first-ever lync conference is in the books. held this week in coronado, ca, the event gave microsoft customers, partners, and employees a chance to gather, hear about microsoft's direction and roadmap for lync, learn from each other, and visit with shamu the whale at seaworld. microsoft laid out an aggressive roadmap, taking a page out of its competitors' books by using an event to build momentum and excitement for its product. announced attendance was ,000, more than double their initial planning estimate. chief among microsoft's announcements were plans to deliver, over the next two months, fully featured mobile clients for ios iphone and ipad and android. by supporting voice and video on these devices over wifi, microsoft closes an important gap between its portfolio and that of competitors including avaya and cisco. in addition, microsoft demonstrated im and voice interoperability with skype; a universal web client offering full lync functionality on any computer mac or pc ; a lync "room system" built with partners including crestron, lifesize, smart, and polycom that offers video and shared whiteboard collaboration between conference rooms and desktops; and plans to close some of the feature gaps between livemeeting lync online and lync server. while the video room capabilities offer an expanded capability to bring lync into the conference room, microsoft's skype integration extends lync presence and voice to the millions of skype users around the globe video interoperability is on the roadmap . microsoft even defined a new term--b2x--to highlight its focus on extending real-time collaboration to consumers and businesses through skype. even with all these announcements, there were still some missing pieces. microsoft stressed the fact that lync was now part of the skype business unit, with skype head tony bates delivering the opening keynote. but what microsoft didn't spend much time on was the integration of lync into its other collaboration products--sharepoint most notably, but also yammer, its recently acquired social business platform. microsoft didn't paint a holistic picture of enterprise collaboration stretching across business process applications, workgroups, documents, and even office applications. instead, the message here was squarely focused on lync's real-time capabilities and federation with skype. this stands in contrast to ibm's social-focused vision displayed at its connect conference in january, and cisco's push to extend collaboration into social and video as it highlighted last year at its annual collaboration summit. i expect over the next year we'll hear more about lync-based collaboration in the context of its other applications and business processes, but it was missing this week. microsoft didn't talk much about management of its solution, outside of stating that it would support controls on mobile clients to limit cellular data usage. one of the concerns that we often hear from those using or considering lync for telephony is managing a multi-vendor architecture that includes phones, gateways, sbcs, headsets, etc., from a variety of manufacturers. while there was an announcement of lync-based management from netsocket, and numerous sis and service providers touted their ability to support lync, we didn't hear much from microsoft on how it's addressing the challenges of managing an end-to-end lync solution. several microsoft customers mentioned a desire for at least slightly better contact center capabilities within lync. with partner solutions from companies including aspect, genesys, interactive intelligence, prairie fire, and zeacom, lync customers have broad choice of acd ivr platforms, but there was a definite interest from lync users in expanding lync's own contact center capabilities to avoid yet another third-party product. finally, microsoft announced plans to bring enterprise voice capabilities to office 365 lync online in the next months. today, customers of microsoft's saas offering must run their own lync server on premise, leverage a hosted provider that delivers integrated voice, or use products from companies such as esnatech to federate non-microsoft on-prem voice with office 365. once microsoft delivers an enterprise voice capability of its own, it will create a new option for those looking for an entirely saas-based solution. buyers will have to evaluate the feature differences between office 365's multi-tenant model versus the single-instance, more extensible solutions, from microsoft's various hosting partners. overall, the vibe at the event was positive. microsoft brought in numerous end-user customers from a variety of geographies and verticals. while most were only just now turning up lync voice end users, all were consistent in their view that they plan to aggressively deploy lync voice in the future. microsoft can help their customers along by delivering greater integration of real-time and non-real-time collaboration, holistic management frameworks, improved contact center features, and more harmonization between its cloud and on-premise offerings.
__label__non_math	0.9964	use your phone for the first time get started with your phone copy contacts, messages, and other stuff from your old phone. your phone guides you when you switch your phone on for the first time. to start an action, select . to skip an action, select . to use nokia services, create a nokia account. you need an internet connection. for info about possible costs, contact your network service provider. if you can't connect to the internet, you can create an account later. if you already have a nokia account, type in your username and password, then select . forgotten your password? you can request it to be sent to you in a mail or text message. use the phone switch app to copy your stuff, such as: when you set up your mail account, you can set your inbox to be shown on your home screen, so you can easily check your mail. if you need to make an emergency call when setting up your phone, press the call key.
__label__non_math	0.9997	starkville, miss. -- for a lot of the season, lsu's basketball team has had a couple of cards it could play pretty regularly. . the tigers don't have a lot of depth. . mostly because of no. , lsu has been an underdog most of the season, particularly in sec games. time for some new material. armed with a new dose of confidence after their first victory against an sec opponent in six years, the tigers -, -sec tangle with mississippi state -, - at p.m. saturday at humphrey coliseum. and the bulldogs one-up lsu in both the low depth department and as a decided underdog. because of a rash of season-ending injuries and two dismissals before the season began, state suits up seven scholarship players and the most veteran of those, jalen steele, missed several weeks with a broken wrist. when steele was out of action, the bulldogs played for several games with a rag-tag crew that had a collective minutes of division i college experience before the season. three true freshmen average .minutes a game or more, with one as the leading scorer fred thomas with .ppg and the other as the top rebounder gavin ware with .rpg . "our freshmen are the guys who have to go out and make plays and they just don't have the level of experience to do that," first-year coach rick ray said. "right now, we can't even practice -on-because don't have enough guys. it's not a matter of effort. guys have fought hard and competed. we just make mistakes we can't overcome." lsu can relate. but while the bulldogs are still desperately seeking their way, it seems like the tigers may be gelling as the midway point of the league season draws nigh. after an -sec start, lsu has played its best basketball of the season in the last three games. narrow wins over texas a m and missouri at home, sandwiched around a huge second-half comeback but close-call loss at kentucky have the tigers confident heading to the hump, where wins have been hard to come by for lsu through the years. confident or not, thought, what the tigers can't -- and they say won't -- do is dwell on the win against mizzou. "we're pretty much through it after wednesday night," said sophomore and cleveland, miss., native johnny o'bryant. "we're looking forward to saturday and playing mississippi state. they're pretty good especially at home. we're just going to go down there with the same attitude we had against missouri. we're going to play mississippi state as if they're ranked, play hard and try to get this win." that task has eluded lsu so far this season on the road. three of the tigers' five sec losses are on the road auburn, georgia and kentucky although there have been steps in the right direction in each. does that add up to a breakthrough, particularly considering that msu has lost five games in a row by an average of .points a game? as likely as that might seem, jones doesn't want his players to take anything for granted. "i think it's part of our growth, and i think it'd be great for us to have some success on the road," jones said. "that's part of the challenge for us. we've played some tough games on the road, being at kentucky, georgia and at auburn with opportunities there. as we continue to progress through this season, in terms of taking steps, we're hopeful saturday can be that next step for us." the matchup certainly seems to benefit lsu. not only are the bulldogs young and not deep -- perhaps because of those two factors -- their offensive struggles have been massive. state has scored points or fewer in four of the five losses since a -sec start, and a major culprit has been guard play. the bulldogs have turned the ball over a league-worst 128 times in sec games. that doesn't bode well against the tigers, who lead the league with .steals a contest, led by point guard anthony hickey's .per game. "the big problem we have is when we face teams that pressure us," ray said. "we turn the ball over too much and other teams go in and lay it in. there's no defense for turnovers. when we take care of ball and play half-court we can be pretty good defensively and give ourselves a chance to win. "i'm really concerned about anthony hickey, whether or not lsu presses. he's just as dangerous to us in the half-court because of how quick he is and the way he uses his hands so effectively. we've got to relive some pressure on our point guard because we're offensively challenged as it is and we've got to make sure we don't give away possessions." it doesn't figure to be a picnic for the bulldogs' defense on the interior, either. o'bryant has strung together four consecutive double-doubles and returns to his home state for the third time arguably playing about as well as he ever has in his two-year lsu career. state's frontcourt ware and junior colin borchert, along with reserve roquez johnson, aren't anywhere near the same caliber of big men o'bryant has found success against the last three games. "as good as their guards are, big johnny is the one guy i don't know if we can match up with," ray said. "i don't know if there are a lot of teams that can. he's a problem, not only because of his posting ability, but now he's showing the ability able to turn and face the basket and make plays." as realistic as ray's assessment of lsu seems to be, there's still work for the tigers to do, and that's not lost one of their other two mississippi natives, junior guard andre stringer. "they have a team that's going to play tough," said stringer, who sat out the game in starkville last season but came back to produce points and assists in a -win in baton rouge. "they're going to hustle and try to get to all of the loose balls. obviously, they've lost a couple of games, but i don't think that determines the type of team that they are. they're a team that's searching for wins each and every night." that's a search lsu has figured out lately. lsu at mississippi state p.m. saturday humphrey coliseum starkville, miss. radio: wwl 870 am, 103.fm, eagle .-fm baton rouge , xm channel 201, sirius channel 123 tv: fox sports network last meeting series: the tigers rallied from points down in the first half to topple the bulldogs -in overtime last feb. . state won the first game last season in starkville, -. lsu leads the series 105-. last time out: lsu beat missouri -on wednesday. mississippi state lost to texas a m -in overtime on wednesday. lsu -, -sec g anthony hickey -so. .ppg, .rpg, assists, steals g andre stringer -jr. .ppg, . -pt. fg - , . ft - g charles carmouche -sr. .ppg, .rpg, assists, steals c andrew del piero -sr. .ppg, .rpg, blocked shots f johnny o'bryant -so. .ppg, .rpg, fg -166 f shavon coleman -jr. .ppg, .rpg, . fg -179 , steals g malik morgan -fr. .ppg, .rpg, steals g-f shane hammink -fr. .ppg, .rpg, assists coach: johnny jones -, 1st season; 216-169, 13th season overall mississippi state -, -sec g jalen steele -jr. .ppg, rpg, . -pt. fg - g trivante bloodman -so. .ppg, .rpg, assists, . ft - g craig sword -fr. .ppg, .rpg, steals f gavin ware -fr. .ppg, .rpg, . fg -128 f colin borchert -jr. .ppg, .rpg, blocked shots f roquez johnson -so. .ppg, .rpg g fred thomas -fr. .ppg, .rpg, steals, . ft - g tyson cunningham -jr. .ppg, .rpg coach: rick ray -, 1st season and overall
__label__non_math	0.9953	with "paranormal activity " opening this week, here are five movies that have benefited from that intangible but irresistible viral buzz: "paranormal activity" : sure, the phenomenon existed long before this horror movie came out last year, but this is a film that really capitalized on the power of twitter and cheap online promotion, that rode a wave of excited, instantaneous word-of-mouth. the movie itself had a pretty simple concept: it created the sensation that we were watching actual home video, shot in a bedroom overnight to capture whatever demon was haunting its young, female hero. it only cost about 108 million. hence, a year later, we have a sequel. "the blair witch project" : the mother of them all. just saying the words "blair witch" serves as an instant shorthand: people know exactly what you mean. the gimmick, in case you've forgotten, is that we were supposedly watching the real, final footage of a trio of friends who entered the woods to make a documentary about the legendary blair witch. they shot every moment and every movement they made -- including their last. a debut at the sundance film festival kicked off the talk. unknown actors played the three characters, furthering the possibility that this was all authentic. a website pushed the idea that this was legitimate, adding to the eeriness. the movie made nearly million. "cloverfield" : excitement for this thriller built in increments, but it was undeniable. the trailer, with its image of the statue of liberty's severed head bouncing down a manhattan street, created huge buzz online and at comic-con. the title gave away nothing -- it's just the name of a street near producer j.j. abrams' los angeles office, a code word the filmmakers used to keep the project under wraps -- but it stuck, adding even more mystery. and the premise was tailor-made for the youtube generation: a monster attack on new york city as seen entirely from the perspective of a partygoer's hand-held video camera. plus, director matt reeves' film happened to be a lot of fun, and it went on to make a respectable million. "aqua teen hunger force colon movie film for theaters" : most people probably hadn't heard of the animated series "aqua teen hunger force," which airs on cartoon network's late-night adult swim lineup, and provided the basis for this movie. it follows the intentionally dadaist adventures of a wad of hamburger meat, a milkshake and a container of fries who share a rundown new jersey tract house. the promotion included blinking, lite-brite-style renderings of alien characters known as the mooninites, which were placed in major cities nationwide. in most places, no one thought twice about them. in boston, they were viewed as a potential terrorist threat, forcing the closure of bridges and roadways. it might not have helped at the box office, where the movie made only about .million. but it got folks talking. "snakes on a plane" : it's exactly what you think: a thriller about snakes ... on a plane. just the title alone promised a campy good time, a throwback to star-studded disaster action pictures like the 1970s "airport" movies. adding to the fun, fans who saw the movie early urged the filmmakers to keep a crucial samuel l. jackson line in the script with a particularly colorful -letter word -- and they got their wish. it's a hugely crowd-pleasing moment, and watching the movie with a giant crowd was the best way to do it. but people talked about the movie more than they actually went to see it. "snakes on a plane" opened at no. with nearly million -- which is a shame, because this was one hell of a ride.
__label__non_math	0.9998	st. bernard parish sheriff jack stephens collapsed during dinner friday evening and was taken to a hospital. stephens was dining at ruth's chris steakhouse near harrah's casino when he collapsed. he was brought to tulane medical center. he was stabilized at the hospital. stephens, a democrat, has been sheriff of st. bernard parish since . stay tuned to nola.com for more details as they emerge.
__label__non_math	1.0000	baton rouge -- gov. bobby jindal today used his line-item veto authority to cut .million that the legislature earmarked for the new orleans adolescent hospital, which means the uptown mental hospital is likely to close by sept. . a spokesman for the state department of health and hospitals said the money legislators allocated for the hospital will be redirected elsewhere in the mental-health budget, and that the inpatient beds at noah will be shifted to southeast louisiana hospital in mandeville. j.t. lane, deputy chief of staff to health and hospitals secretary alan levine, said there will be no net reduction of services in the new orleans area as a result of the veto. the veto was among separate cuts by jindal to house bill 881 by rep. jim fannin, d-jonesboro, a supplemental spending bill that lawmakers approved in the final minutes of the session and which restores millions of dollars to health-care, higher education and lawmakers' pet projects. in his veto message to the legislature, jindal said the money for noah would take money from other areas of the mental-health budget where it's more needed. jindal said the restorations "do not appropriate new funds, but only shift funds from southeast louisiana hospital in mandeville and from other outpatient mental health services ... therefore requiring additional cuts to these inpatient and outpatient programs." the governor also vetoed money for dozens of legislators' pet projects, including 150,000 for the louisiana arts science museum and ,755 for the starks mayhaw festival in calcasieu parish.
__label__non_math	0.9807	good afternoon, from my fourth favorite locale in the world, trailing only las vegas, atlantic city, and italy barnes and noble the running shoe diaries my legs are sore after the -mile run yesterday, but as usual, it s the good kind of sore. no weird knee or hip pain like i used to get following long runs. actually, the most painful part of my run yesterday was my feet; i even felt a blister developing on the foot that doesn t have one yet, in the exact same place the shoes in question, by the way, are a pair of asics gel cumulus. i ran my first successful marathon in an older version of these shoes; back then i dealt with major shin problems and i absolutely loved these shoes because of all the cushioning they provide. once i got past the shin issues though and started thinking about running faster, i switched to the brooks defyance, a much lighter shoe with less cushioning, and therefore less energy loss in every step. i liked them so much that i bought them three consecutive times. as part of my current training, though, i hatched a new plan: step : do most of the training in the soft, pillowy comfort of the asics cumulus, minimizing the toll of the mileage on my legs. step : about a month before the marathon, switch to the lighter, stiffer, more energy-efficient defyance to get it broken in, run the marathon in it, and qualify for boston. step : celebrate like a madman. but this blister issue is making me rethink the plan. i never got blisters when i wore the defyance during the training for my last two marathons. so i m thinking about switching to it now, a little ahead of schedule. this would probably mean having to buy a new pair a few weeks before the marathon, too. but i m also really intrigued by something else i ve been reading about recently the nike free. the nike free is designed to simulate barefoot running, providing little of the support and cushioning of modern running shoes, which, shockingly, are thought to have increased the frequency of running injuries rather than lowering it. i won t pretend to be an expert about this, but i believe the rationale for the nike free is that when we run barefoot the way we re designed to, or evolved to, or whatever you want , lots of small muscles in the feet are engaged. when we run in cushioned, supportive shoes, those muscles don t have to work anymore. as a result, they don t develop properly, our running form changes, and we get slower and we get hurt. i can only imagine that incorporating barefoot or simulated-barefoot running into a training routine increases the risk of injury during the first few weeks, since it s so foreign to our oh-so-pampered feet. especially if it s not introduced gradually. so two months before the biggest race of my life might not be the ideal time to make the switch. nevertheless, i can t stop thinking about it. it s so hardcore
__label__non_math	1.0000	sam amidon's nonesuch debut out now sam amidon s nonesuch records debut, bright sunny south, was produced by amidon with his childhood friend and longtime collaborator thomas bartlett a.k.a. doveman and legendary english engineer jerry boys. recorded in london, the album features a band comprising bartlett and multi-instrumentalists shahzad ismaily and chris vatalaro. jazz trumpeter kenny wheeler also makes a cameo. amidon himself not only sings but also plays banjo, fiddle, acoustic guitar, and piano on the album. the guardian, mojo, q, and musicomh give bright sunny south four stars. drowned in sound calls it amidon's "most emotionally and tonally copmlex lp to date."
__label__non_math	1.0000	myers, who had been placed on paid leave from the orcutt catholic school, was convicted oct. of the misdemeanor crime, along with former dean of students john walker. the archdiocese of los angeles announced myers resignation this week in a statement sent to parents and posted on the high school s website. walker and myers were charged july with failing to report a suspected sexual assault on a -year-old student by two other students. they were mandated reporters under state law because of their positions of responsibility with the school. in a statement, the archdiocese superintendent of high schools asked families to pray for myers, walker and both their families. though there are various opinions in the community surrounding the trial and the verdict, neither the trial nor its outcome should diminish gratitude to mr. myers for his fine leadership during his tenure at st. joseph, said rev. monsignor sabato pilato. let us extend our best wishes both to mr. myers and mr. walker. pilato also thanked joanne poloni, former vice principal at st. joseph, for stepping in as interim principal in myers absence. poloni will remain in that role for the remainder of the academic year, pilato said. myers, , had been serving as st. joseph principal since . both former administrators face up to six months in county jail and a ,000 fine when they re back in court oct. for sentencing.
__label__non_math	1.0000	where you begin in our french program can depend upon . . . - your score on the north central college french placement exam, or - your advanced placement ap exam scores, or - your college level examination program clep results, or - other unique factors, such as extensive experience living in a francophone culture. do you need a placement exam? here is the department's policy: - students with or more years of high school french must take the placement exam prior to enrolling in a french course. - students with fewer than years of high school french may enroll in french 101. - students with fewer than years of high school french who wish to begin above 101, may take the placement exam to help determine an appropriate starting point. if you have questions about your specific situation, please contact dr. norval bard, professor of french. when and where can you take the french placement exam? - new students are expected to take the placement exam during the summer orientation and advising sessions. arrangements should be made via the orientation program or the advising center for these exams. summer exams are administered in one of the computer labs on campus. - current students can take a placement exam by scheduling a time with dr. norval bard, director of the language resource center. these exams are usually conducted in the language resource center. what is the exam like? the north central college french placement exam is a computerized exam that tests grammar, vocabulary and aural comprehension. it takes about minutes or less to complete. what if i would like to take a placement exam in more than one language? great we invite you to contact the director of the language resource center, dr. norval bard.
__label__non_math	0.9988	on july , the new york times ran a review of author patrick somerville's book this bright river. it was not a flattering assessment. film and literary critic janet maslin described the starting point as "generic" and the destination as "soggy." when somerville read the review, he realized the whole thing hinged on a factual error: maslin mixed up two characters from the very beginning, confusing which one got hit in the head. to clear up the mistake, ed marks, an editor at the times, began an email correspondence with one of those characters, ben, who has an email address set up by somerville. ben, through somerville, and the editor developed what somerville calls a "ghost relationship." npr's neal conan talks with somerville about his salon.com piece, "thank you for killing my novel" and how people we never meet can change our lives. on how the character in his novel became friends with new york times editor ed marks "it was very strange, to say the least, but it was pretty fun, too. ... i made the email account because my character, ben has a couple exchanges with other characters in the novel and i thought it would be a fun thing to do to make it real. ... and so i logged in to the account and checked, and there was an email from an editor from the new york times. and the subject line said: 'did you get hit in the head?' "... it seems a little cute, i know, but i thought, well, since he's doing it, i'm going to do it, too. and so i wrote back as though i was the character, and we went back and forth. and it turned out, actually, outside of the fact-checking issue that we had to deal with, we had a lot of other things in common, too. "... it seemed like a friendship but i couldn't quite say. i couldn't speak for ed, but i thought so. and then ed confirmed it later on that he was, in fact, friends with ben. ... although, i should also say that ed and i had to drop the ruse. eventually, it just became a little bit too much. and so now, i don't want to speak for ed again, but i would say i'm friends with ed." on what somerville calls "ghost relationships" "i've thought in the past that i may be in love with virginia woolf. i'm not sure. i'm not sure if that stands. and that's not true when i'm reading the waves, i should say, too. but it's true of all of her other books. but, you know, these are intimate, personal connections, and books give that to us. letters give that to us. and i don't think that it's a new thing. "but i think that it's something that's been amplified by the internet, as well, because there's so many cross connections that can come from, i don't know, chat rooms, comment sections, things that people post, twitter, facebook. there's just so many people who can comment on other people and have an impact on somebody's day. it's a pretty amazing phenomenon." on the paradox, and the beauty, of "ghost relationships" "you might never know your neighbor and you can have a very important relationship with somebody who is far, far away. and the funny thing, too, is i've gotten a bunch of emails now from people who read the salon piece, who are telling me about their ghost relationships that they're in. and one gentleman wrote me to tell me all about a friendship he struck up with someone years ago via email and has continued to this day. they email each other every week. they've never met ... and the guy said to me he didn't know if he wanted to meet him, either. he didn't know if that would work right. "and maybe that's the thing that gives people the sense of freedom to be able to be honest, more honest, or to be themselves. that cloak of anonymity is just enough to make us comfortable and be a little bit more revealing than we would be if we were sitting in a coffee shop with someone."
__label__non_math	0.9999	joanne harris is apparently as formidable a yorkshire-woman as they come, despite her mother's french blood. she's also supposed to have a manner that befits her former, -year tenure as a school teacher, before her bestseller chocolat diverted her to full-time writing. her recent broadside at book critics who give away plot twists corroborates this fierce reputation, and there are even tell-tale signs on the list of "little known facts" on her website. fact , for example: "i once met ewan mcgregor at a party, thought he was an ex-pupil of mine and lectured him at some length about letting his french get out of practice." and fact : "i'm incapable of hiding my feelings when i'm around someone i don't like." so it is a surprise to see a smiling woman with a soft, striking face and a not-quite-yorkshire accent, sitting in a hotel lobby in a big woolly jumper. harris, it turns out, is quirky and loquacious and not at all a battle?axe, though one imagines she could be very formidable if need be. since , when everyone in the world seemed either to be reading chocolat, harris's third, whitbread prize-shortlisted novel, or watching the hollywood adaptation starring johnny depp and juliette binoche, she has written ?many more books, every one of them a bestseller including two sequels to chocolat, cookbooks and a separate series spawned by her love of norse legend. now comes her second book of short stories, a cat, a hat, and a piece of string, a moreish collection that is variously comical, scary, sad and surreal?. several of the stories feature ghostly goings on, including a creepy tale about a man's obsession with a house. "i live in that house. it's old, it creaks and we're always finding its little secrets. we found these little pair of baby shoes in the chimney. i don't feel afraid in it but it's definitely slightly alive. we often make jokes about the pantry ghost. i'm not sure i believe in the whole 'ghost-afterlife' thing but i think places are marked by people who have been there. there is also a big white dog in the garden. several people have seen it. a ghost dog." another short story, "cookie", exemplifies what harris does best: she incorporates food deliciously into the emotional dramas of her characters. she is so celebrated for it several books after chocolat revolved around feasting and food, including blackberry wine and five quarters of the orange that fans have been sending her cake and chocolate ever since and her cookbooks were written after repeated requests for recipes. writing about food, she says, has always been cathartic, though "cookie" reminds us that there's a dark side to it, too. "i am fascinated by how people eat and what it reveals about them. 'cookie' was one of those stories i wrote while i was going through a phase when i just wanted to binge eat. at one point, i went on this radical diet and lost four and a half stone. it was an 'eat nothing but packets of chemicals' diet. i went to a diet club where everyone had a story." in the third and latest chocolat sequel, peaches for monsieur le cure, food appears at its most politicised. the fictional village of lansquenet is now also home to moroccan muslims and there are mouth-watering descriptions of indigenous cuisine. there was some rumpus over the fact that harris? took on such freighted topics as immigrant communities in france and the islamic niqab but there were no complaints from the muslims who read it. in fact, they sent letters saying they loved the descriptions of food and that they recognised their grandmothers. still, she admits she was initially apprehensive about writing about a community that was far removed from hers. "i was terrified of someone saying 'how dare you, a white person, write about us'. then i thought, 'sod it, it's a story'. the worst thing would have been to say i can't write a story about those people. and i live in huddersfield which has a large muslim community for heaven's sake." her interest in the niqab was piqued years before its banning across europe a few years ago. "i had written so many stories about identity in different ways that it seemed the perfect continuation of this theme. i was genuinely curious about why people wore it and i got friendly with the headmistress of my local muslim girl's school in huddersfield." this was not the first time she had come into close contact with young asian girls. she worked in a comprehensive school in dewsbury, more than a decade before the connection between the leeds town and the ?july london bombers was made. back then, she said, certain problems were apparent. "there were not exactly forced marriages but every year, some girls disappeared from school and nobody knew where they went and they didn't exactly want to go." by contrast to the large asian community there, barnsley was mono-cultural when she was growing up. "there was one non-white boy in our school. he was from nigeria. it was not so much racism, but everyone was curious about him. he was called toby and i remember at one point, people paying him money so that they could pat his head because he had bouncy hair. living in close-knit, white isolationist communities does do something to you. there's often a faction of people that says 'you're an outsider. you don't belong.' " so what must it have been like for her mother, a glamorous french woman who emigrated after marrying her yorkshire father? "my mother was quite unusual in barnsley but she is incapable of being traumatised by anybody. i expect all the traumatising was done by her. she was a teacher, working at the same school as my father. apparently she went in on her first day and she said 'i have tried very hard to learn your language. now you will learn mine.' " barnsley, she adds, isn't much more multicultural even now. a lot of people from her school are still there. but then again, so is she or a few miles away. she is married to kevin, whom she first met at school and with whom she has a daughter, anouchka, who recently left home to read english at london university. "i'm still there because i like it," she says, and because the grounded yorkshire mentality was a good antidote to the disorienting effects of sudden success that followed chocolat. after it was published, she decided she wasn't going to write a sequel, but found herself returning to the story. "i said i wasn't going to follow it up and i made it almost impossible. i gave it a nice ending, but then i thought 'oh, but what if i did it this way?' i have a tendency to pick up my own challenges. the more difficult something ? is, the more i want to try it." when the film rights were bought, her fear was that the end product would not resemble the novel in the slightest. "at first they were planning on having whoopi goldberg in the american ?midwest. then it was gwyneth paltrow in present-day new york as if anyone would believe she eats chocolates she has been plagued by questions about chocolat, the film, ever since "i've been asked if i snogged johnny depp "i daren't say no. vianne might be back if she has a story which is fundamentally different enough. what i never wanted to do was to write chocolat , and , which i why i waited between each one to find a story i really wanted to write as opposed to one the publishers would have liked me to write. "i don't think vianne has finished her trajectory, she is not complete in her happiness. perhaps she never will be. she has got two daughters. i may write about them, but not yet, and i will not go looking for a story. it will find me or it won't."
__label__non_math	1.0000	hes alone, the man who stares into the camera; so tired, you can feel his exhaustion through the screen. the sand behind him, lit by two tiki torches and spiked with dried brush, is barren and uninviting. bedraggled, unshaven, and thin, he speaks in a hoarse voice, gesturing to an encrusted item; an artifact, he explains, found in the remains of a spanish galleon. the next item he wearily holds up to the camera has a familiar hue. this, gentlemen...i dont have to tell you what this is..., the mans tone, still tired, brightens. the item hes referring to is a spanish gold ingot. mined in what was called the new world in the times the spanish held dominion there hundreds of years ago, and lost to the sea in a shipwreck, the ingot was merely a part of the caribbeans massive underwater graveyard...until now.
__label__non_math	0.9949	mesa boogie 1x12 wide body extension cabinet, with watt ohm, c90 celestion black shadow speaker. marine grade baltic birch cabinet black taurus vinyl covering black twisted jute grille ."h x ."w x ."d awesome sounding cabinet local pickup only, cash only; 323-460- it's not ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
__label__non_math	1.0000	product experts available compare up to items select the compare checkbox on at least items to compare. please remove the search term from your selections on the left and try another search within or refinement option to narrow your results. or try a site-wide search for the term . buy online or call -800-221-
__label__non_math	0.9994	minnesota man's invention flushes slush right down the ice-fishing holethere are a lot of ways to clear the slush out of an ice-fishing hole, but most are either sloppy or time consuming. by: brad dokken, forum news service there are a lot of ways to clear the slush out of an ice-fishing hole, but most are either sloppy or time consuming. now, an inventor from rural badger, minn., has come up with a solution to that dilemma in the form of the slush copter. similar in concept to a boat propeller, the slush copter features a foam-covered metal shaft that attaches to a half-inch battery-powered drill; an -inch plastic base at the other end of the shaft has three flat, prop-like blades that spin the slush down the hole and under the ice. it s almost like a boat prop wrapped in a case, said mike burkel, who invented the slush copter. it basically works the same way. clearing the slush is as simple as pushing the -foot shaft about halfway down the hole and firing up the drill. that causes the plastic blades to rotate clockwise, producing a whirlpool-like effect that essentially flushes the slush down the hole. burkel, who had tried a few other slush-clearing devices that didn t do the job for him, said the idea for the slush copter just kind of popped into his head one morning last winter. burkel, who works at polaris in roseau, minn., then began experimenting with various prototypes for fishing friends to try. a five-blade prototype took too much battery juice, burkel said; he also experimented with the pitch of the blades until landing on the version that hit the market about a month ago. burkel s wife, monica, who owns montech computers in roseau, has helped with marketing, along with designing the website and packaging for the slush copter. available online and at several locally owned convenience stores, hardware stores and other retail outlets throughout northern minnesota, the slush copter retails for .. burkel said they ve moved about 600 slush copters since the product hit the market last month just in time for ice fishing season. the slush copter can clear both - and -inch holes. i didn t know what to expect, he said. most of it s word of mouth. everybody says it s pretty good for only a couple of weeks. burkel had an injection-molding tool made to manufacture the plastic base, and he assembles the slush copters in his shop with help from monica, along with his brother, jarrid, and sister-in-law, raelynn burkel. they re actually fairly quick to make, he said. we can do about 100 an hour once the parts are prepped, so they go pretty fast. burkel said he s invested about ,000 into the product, including the tooling equipment and the expense of obtaining a patent, which is pending. put to the test during a recent test on lake of the woods, the slush copter cleared three, -inch holes in the time it took to clear a single hole with a traditional scoop. using the slush copter requires having the proper drill, which isn t included; an -volt drill is recommended, but - and -volt drills also will do the job. when the ice is feet thick, i would say with an -volt you can do at least holes before the drill battery runs low, burkel said. when it was only a foot thick, i did like or holes and it was still going strong, but feet plus, then i can only do like holes. so, it varies with the ice thickness. the slush copter without the drill weighs only pounds, but it s one more thing to lug around for run-and-gun anglers who cover the ice with portables and atvs or snowmobiles. but with the growing popularity of wheeled ice fishing houses, the slush copter is the kind of product anglers could keep on the shelf until they need it. there s no mess, and you don t have to haul out all that slush, burkel said. when the ice is feet thick, that s gallons of slush.
__label__non_math	1.0000	duluth, mn nncnow.com --- the polar express has pulled back into the train station, to the delight of northland families. the traditional holiday favorite is back on the tracks now through dec. . the polar express will travel from fitger s to the depot on fridays, saturdays and sundays this trip takes families on imaginary trips to the north pole, offering them the chance to not only hear the story of the polar express, but also meet santa himself. the ride itself takes about an hour. "it really is a tradition of a story, ken buehler, polar express conductor said. it's the story of a young boy and his sister, that are having a hard time dealing with whether or not there is a santa claus. and at the end of the day, what the lake superior railroad museum and the depot does, is it helps everyone believe." the polar express takes about five trips each night, and buehler says tickets do sell out quickly. the polar express has been on the tracks for about years.
__label__non_math	0.9997	it's dark, it's cold and the winter blues have set in. if you feel like your body could do with an extra dose of vitamin d during the chilliest months of the year, why not plan your holiday to warmer climes next winter so there's something to look forward to. out of the summer season flights tend to be cheaper and the resorts less overcrowded, making this an ideal time for a short break to sunny shores. here are seven of the best locations for winter sunshine. . the canaries tenerife, lanzarote, la palma and fuerteventura make up the archipelago of the canary islands. beautiful beach resorts blessed with year-round sunshine, the canary islands offer everything you could wish for in a winter sun holiday and more. hotels can be booked as all-inclusive options or as apart-hotels for a self-catering stay and even in january soaring temperatures mean a trip to the beach is on the cards. la palma offers calm and peaceful breaks, lanzarote is ideal for volcano hopping, fuerteventura provides beach-based sports by the plenty and tenerife is ideal for typical brits abroad style stays. plus, a holiday here probably won't break the bank. getting away from it all is a piece of cake when it comes to thailand. try the phi phi islands for snorkelling and outdoor adventure or the resorts of phuket and pattaya for luxury stays. in thailand you will find value for money accommodation, sensational dining experiences and warm weather when those back home will be donning gloves and hats. . the maldives a tropical paradise, the maldives offers snorkelling and diving holidays as part of your unique island stay. in fact, many hotels are located on their own individual islands for complete luxury. . south africa from wildlife spotting trips to relaxing by the indian ocean, there is an eclectic mix of things to see and do when you visit south africa. despite being a -hour flight from the uk, the country is only two hours in time difference from the uk, so you won't struggle with jet lag. be sure to visit cape town for its shopping, wine tasting and fine dining, as well as the area's beautiful beaches and glorious warm winter climate. . the caribbean with so many caribbean islands to choose from, you might be spoilt for choice when it comes to deciding on a destination. the dominican republic offers quality stays at great prices, whilst in antigua and st. lucia, you can embark on a holiday of complete and utter luxury. the islands provide some of the world's most beautiful scenery, warm waters for swimming and snorkelling and a wide variety of wildlife. what a great way to treat your kids to a winter they'll never forget, with a trip to florida. out of season you might find you save precious pennies on the flights too. but florida's not all mickey mouse and theme parks. the beaches are some of the most glorious in the world and you can choose to stay in a huge variety of accommodation, from luxury all-inclusive hotels to villas by the sea. with sun, sea, sand and more history than you can shake a stick at, egypt provides endless entertainment under the winter sun. the red sea is renowned for its excellent marine life, ideal for snorkellers and divers alike and the area offers luxury hotels at perfect prices. in addition, there is egypt's cultural side, with pyramids, temples and museums all ripe and ready for exploring.
__label__non_math	0.9956	notcot.org roundup- .. click the images to see the posts
__label__math	0.9341	there are many programs. you can try 3dmark03 or 3dmark01 same site there is also aquamark use google for link or superpi for memory tests . these are the most common used programs. there are many others ofcourse. oh yeah, try to use the search-function of this forum and you'll find a lot of information
__label__non_math	1.0000	allied bingo supplies has been serving the needs of its customer successfully since . we are a family owned and operated company, and our pride in ownership is reflected in everything we do. texas america safety company offers secure online ordering for a wide variety of safety glasses and safety products to individuals, distributors, and industrial facilities. go mini's offers top rated portable moving and storage and mobile storage solution at samsung, we follow a simple business philosophy: to devote our talent and technology to creating superior products and services that contribute to a better global society. products for sensitive skin cleure is at the forefront, formulating and marketing a complete line of salicylate free, paraben free, fragrance free, simple, safe and effective sensitive skin personal care, skin care and makeup.
__label__non_math	0.9997	get free budget shipping on qualified items where you see this icon: many items at nothingbutsoftware.com offer free budget shipping. plus, as with many of our competitors which do offer free shipping, we don't ask you to spend a specified amount in order to qualify for free budget shipping. how do i qualify for free budget shipping? . add the item s that qualifies for free budget shipping to your order s shopping . if a product has this icon: that product will qualify for free budget shipping regardless of its price. . proceed to checkout and select budget shipping as your shipping option items will take an additional -business days to ship . . ship your item s to a valid u.s. address. . then, complete your order. it's that simple free budget shipping excludes certain oversized and or overweight items, and those products that do not include this icon: some items may be excluded: if certain items in your shopping cart are not eligible for budget shipping then budget shipping will not be available and thus the offer for free budget shipping will not apply. free budget shipping is not available for international orders.
__label__non_math	0.8114	installed in a high density perle media converter chassis, perle's feature rich fast ethernet media converter modules family transparently connects utp copper to fiber. our fast ethernet media converters provide an economical path to extend the distance of an existing network, the life of non-fiber based equipment, or the distance between two devices. network administrators can rest assured with perle's advanced features such as auto-negotiation, auto-mdix, link pass-through, far end fault, and pause which make the end to end link completely transparent. this allows for more efficient troubleshooting and less on-site maintenance. these cost and time saving features, along with a lifetime warranty and free worldwide technical support, make perle's fast ethernet media converter modules the smart choice for it professionals.
__label__non_math	0.6389	- online helpsearch for term . an electronic documentation file formatted according to the requirements of the destination operating system. help files generally contain short instructions about how to perform certain features. they generally have fewer graphics than printed or electronic books of the same material. help files reformat as needed to the screen window dimensions, and make heavy use of hypertext linking, pop-up boxes, and so forth. help files are context-sensitive, which means that you can jump to a specific topic within the help file directly from the applications dialog and menu interface, etc.
__label__non_math	0.9991	juan sandoval, born in lima in , is a graduate from the national superior school of fine arts. his paintings fall within a surrealistic current of ethnic inspiration. they seek to rescue the social and the fundamental,... read full story juan sandoval robles juan sandoval, born in lima in , is a graduate from the national superior school of fine arts. his paintings fall within a surrealistic current of ethnic inspiration. they seek to rescue the social and the fundamental, inviting assessment of the human condition, emphasizing the woman and her dignity. his themes gather dreams and reminiscences. they are sometimes charged with an apocalyptic vision, but permeated with lyricism, like one who walks in darkness seeking the heart of man. "i have drawn and painted since i was a schoolboy, and i believe it was then that i set out to become an artist. thus, with this long-caressed desire, i came to the school of fine arts. in my painting, i am concerned with man - not man within the benign universe, but essentially man within society. i paint with oils and watercolors using both brush and palette knife. i make a sketch before beginning to paint, although i do not hesitate to modify something if it is in the interest of the theme, including colors that better express it. "i prefer warm colors, such as earth colors and violets. they are vivid and command attention, they are strong and transmit energy. it is not so easy to know when one has finished his work. i feel it when i see that i have achieved the qualities of color and harmony of form. in painting, there is always something of the great masters. in order to achieve a pictorial identity of one's own, it is necessary to make one's own way. "for me, the decision to paint was more daring than challenging. i assumed it as such and i continue to carry it out with honor and love. "novica is an excellent window for young people to display their art with a contemporary vision of life, its beings and nature."
__label__non_math	0.9446	what does what s in the bottle is what s on the label mean? now products are formulated for safety, quality and efficacy. the formula in the product that you purchase is defined in our specifications. we assure you that we strive to ensure the exact formula in the bottle is described on the label that is on the bottle. there should be no difference between the product in the bottle and the label. what does what s on the label is in the bottle mean? exactly that. when you pick up our product on the store shelf the label completely and accurately describes the product in the bottle. there are no hidden ingredients. why may the label on my bottle be slightly different from the information i see on a website? sometimes there are minor changes to the product based on the situations described below. this may cause a slight difference between the information on the now foods website or other websites and the label on the bottle, or between different lots of product. again we want to assure you that our goal is that the product in the bottle always matches what s described on the label. what kinds of situations lead to minor differences in products? here are some examples of situations where this might occur: - we are always working to improve our product safety and quality. we also are continuously working to improve our testing methods and our manufacturing processes to ensure high quality products. any of these improvements might lead to minor changes in the product or the product label. for example, we may change the standardization of an ingredient to improve its quality. as another example, we are constantly using the best science and improving our testing methods. sometimes the newer, more modern methods give a different test result and we then modify our label to reflect this. the ingredient tested has not changed. what has changed is that we are now using a better analytical method to test and the test results are described differently than before. - we manufacture and distribute natural products. this means that our ingredients are naturally sourced or minimally processed see what natural means to us . natural products can have natural variations. these natural variations may lead to a slightly different formula or manufacturing requirements. for example, differences in density or particle size of an ingredient powder may result in the need for a slightly different manufacturing process. this may lead to the use of different excipients which would be listed under other ingredients on the label. excipients are those non-nutritive ingredients necessary to efficiently make a tablet or capsule. - natural products sometimes also have supply issues. sometimes, due to poor harvests for example, a certain species or form of an herb may not be as available as before. we may need to change this to ensure that you can continue to purchase the product you prefer. we make sure this does not affect safety or efficacy. the product label will correctly define the ingredient used in that production lot batch . do these minor differences affect the reason i am taking this product? in most cases, these differences will not affect the efficacy of the product and you can continue to take the slightly different formulation without noticing any functional differences.
__label__non_math	0.9891	every year there is an exhibition called arc, written as r c meaning face of mostly fictional billboards at the biggest square in hungary, budapest, this year it's the eigth. one of the sponsors this year: nike. an artist who uses the name "slow" created the attached billboard and because it sports nike's logo, asked for permission to exhibit. the answer: "the picture, though rebel in style and outspoken but in our opinion it's not a new thought. last year's exhibition also showed a similar picture and in our opinion, though your picture has a different style does not have enough novelty to make it interesting for the audience for the umpteenth time." they add that the exhibition is part of their campaign so it'd not be "fortunate" for the company to show this.
__label__non_math	1.0000	border music torrents- related searches - australian country music - disco music - windows xp music edition - keygen print music - lovenow that s what i ca - rodrigo wake up music it can be dangerous and cause a if this search for border music did not find you the right torrents, try to fine tune your query. at the top you might find some border music alternatives.
__label__non_math	0.9668	red tube cuckold torrents- related searches - www red tube com pl it can be dangerous and cause a if this search for red tube cuckold did not find you the right torrents, try to fine tune your query. at the top you might find some red tube cuckold alternatives.
__label__non_math	1.0000	in , after moving with his family to new york city, jin hit the national stage with live appearances on bet's music-video countdown show 106 park. for seven consecutive weeks, he dominated the program's "freestyle friday" rap battles, fending off his challengers' ethnic insults with rapid-fire retorts like: "yeah, i'm chinese now you understand it i'm the reason that his little sister's eyes are slanted if you make one joke about rice or karate nypd be in chinatown searching for your body." his success led to his signing with the hip-hop label ruff ryders entertainment as the first mainstream asian-american rapper. it set the entertainment world abuzz. "i thought i was heading to the moon," jin says. "everybody was writing about me. i'm appearing on espn. i was in movies and on entertainment tonight. and i allowed myself to believe that 'i'm here in reality, "here" wasn't what jin had in mind. there was a two-year delay before his debut album, the rest is history, was finally released in , and it peaked at no. on the billboard 200 album chart. "the reception and the album sales just did not live up to the hype," he says. breaking down doors most of the media hype over jin's debut focused on his ethnicity, a topic jin addressed head-on with his first single, "learn chinese." the track begins with, "yeah, i'm chinese, and what?" and later declares, "the days of the pork fried rice and the chicken wings coming to your house by me is over." jin tackled his ethnicity head on with his debut single "learn chinese" in . advisory: this video contains explicit language. jeff chang, a former music journalist and author of can't stop won't stop: a history of the hip-hop generation, sees jin as an asian-american pioneer in mainstream hip-hop, which, he says, may have been why jin's career failed to take off. "oftentimes, history isn't kind to the people who break down the doors," says chang, who now runs stanford university's institute for diversity in the arts. "jin was trying to basically break the old mold of asian-americans being sort of kung fu artists or the folks who kind of stood in the background to play the supporting role. and so it might have simply been a case of jin being there too early." chang says jin may have also been too late, starting his career at the tail end of hip-hop's dominance of pop music in america. as for jin's own theory about what went wrong, he points to one main factor: the music. "the album the rest is history lacked direction," jin says, "because at that time, i didn't have direction in my life." finding a new direction it took a few years before jin found a direction that would restart his career. it happened unexpectedly after he released a rap album in cantonese, the chinese dialect he grew up speaking with his parents. jin named the album abc not after the alphabet, but shorthand for "american-born chinese" like himself. the album's lyrics often touch on what it means to be an "abc," an outsider both in mainstream american society and in the chinese community. the title of jin's first single in cantonese, "abc," refers to "american-born chinese" like himself. jin says he'd thought about recording a cantonese album for a long time. but he always brushed off the idea, until , when it seemed like his career had stalled completely. he originally planned to release the album as a small independent project in the u.s. but a few months after abc's u.s. release, record executives at universal music hong kong came calling. they saw an opportunity for jin to tap into hong kong's growing cantonese hip-hop scene, so they re-released abc locally in . "i went out to hong kong and three months turned into six months, six months turned into a year, a year turned into two, to three," jin says, "and i've been there for four years now." becoming a 'full-on entertainer' known there as "mc jin," jin has become a household name in hong kong and not just for his rapping skills, according to ben sin, a journalist who covers music there. "i see him on tv shows and movies a lot, so he's completely branched out, like most hong kong celebrities, into just a full-on entertainer," sin says. "he's not just a rapper anymore." in addition to receiving accolades for his music, jin even won an award in for "most improved actor" from hong kong's top television station, tvb, for his roles in tv dramas and hosting gigs. sin says jin's relatively smooth entry into hong kong's entertainment world is partly due to the significant influence hip-hop still has on asian pop music. jin's past experience in american hip-hop brought a sense of authenticity to hong kong's local scene. "i think the fact that he competed in rap competitions with black people was a big selling point when jin was first introduced to the hong kong audience ," sin says. " tv programs were just showing clips of it and cut back to reactions of hong kong people going like, 'oh my god back to america now, at , recently married and a new father, jin has come home, back to the u.s., ready to tackle another stereotype the "has-been musician." jin hopes to reintroduce himself to an american audience with his latest single, "brand new me." he recently released a new english-language ep called brand new me, which he hopes will reintroduce him to an american audience. he is working on a full-length english-language album, tentatively titled hypocrite. last year, jin also put out a free album of faith-based music called crazy love ridiculous faith. it's yet another reinvention for the rapper, who's now eager to share his new identity as a born-again christian. "you know, i'm conveying and proclaiming, 'you know what? this is where i'm at. this is where my mindset is,' " says jin the chinese kid who raps and is all grown up.
__label__non_math	0.9983	much of the muslim world is in an uproar over remarks by pope benedict, that they say are offensive to islam. speaking in germany tuesday, the pope quoted from a text that said the early spread of islam had been accomplished by violence. the vatican says benedict did not intend to hurt muslims' feelings but the outcry could end the pope's plans visit turkey in november. the incriminating words were contained in a long academic speech on reason and faith the pope delivered at regensburg university. at one point, benedict quoted a remark made in the 14th century by the byzantine emperor manuel ii paleologus that derided islam. translated from german, the pope cited the ruler's view of islam: "he said, and i quote, 'show me just what mohammed brought that was new, and there you will find things only evil and inhuman, such as his command to spread by the sword the faith he preached.'" muslim reaction has been vehement. pakistan's parliament unanimously condemned the pope for his derogatory comments. in cairo, the muslim brotherhood urged muslims to break relations with the vatican if the pope does not apologize. in turkey, some of the harshest reactions were from an official of the islamic-rooted ruling party. he said pope benedict's words look like an effort to revive the mentality of the crusades, and he compared the pope to hitler. in an effort to quell the furor, the vatican issued a statement saying the pope wants to cultivate respect and dialogue with other religions and cultures, and had no intention to offend islam. veteran vatican correspondent marco politi says that holy see officials are puzzled by muslims' anger. but he feels their reactions are understandable. "if a head of state would come and speak about the pope quoting some very offensive words used by martin luther 500 years ago when he was saying that the pope was a donkey, of course it's a quote but it stays," politi says. "it will be in tv, in the newspapers. because the words are like stones." some analysts say that, unlike his predecessor john paul ii, benedict does not put islam on an equal footing with catholicism, and that he has distanced himself from john paul's inter-faith encounters. khaled fuad allam, a muslim professor of sociology at trieste university, acknowledged that benedict had touched the delicate issue of the two faces of islam: peaceful and violent. "the problem is not what he said, but how he said it," allam said in remarks translated from italian. "too often, westerners stress only the issue of fundamentalism in islam. the result is that they lump all muslims into the cage of violence."
__label__non_math	0.9999	day in the life: lobbying at the gop convention steve inskeep, host: and again, that unemployment rate today officially is .percent - the highest in years. that news comes out at the end of the republican convention - in fact, the end of the convention season, if you want to call it that. and as the political parties pitched themselves to voters, these last two weeks, business lobbyists have also been at work at those same conventions. here's how a group from the travel industry got things done. they threw a party, held it in an airport hanger, and invited members of congress to come hear their message. npr's jim wildman reports. jim wildman: here at the carlson hanger, just about a five minute drive south of st. paul, i've been allowed to drive my rental car past the security line. but i've stopped here, next to a black suv, and roger dow, president and ceo of the travel industry association, explains why i'm not allowed to go in to carlson hanger. mr. roger dow president, travel industry association : no, we don't bring the media in. it's only because if you end up with one of the congressmen or, you know, one of the senators, you know, sometimes there's a sensitivity. so just to be nice to them we didn't want to have that. because it's a chance for them to just get together and talk to constituents and not worry about what they might have to say. and you know how that is these days. wildman: this kind of sensitivity is for good reason. lobbyist jack abramoff and former politicians have been convicted for corrupt deals. but that doesn't mean the parties have stopped in either convention city. the travel industry held a similar event last week for democrats in denver. it's an effort to tout, in roger dow's words, the importance of travel and tourism. and it's working. take what happened last week when an air traffic control glitch caused major delays for air travelers. mr. dow: within an hour of that, both the obama campaign and the mccain campaign issued statements saying travel and tourism's critical to our economy. and i would say had we not had these efforts going on, you wouldn't see a statement like that immediately when something like that happened. it would just be something that goes on as far as business if that had happened four years ago. wildman: one likely target in congress for this message from the travel industry is the house transportation and infrastructure committee - they handle these kinds of issues. republican bill shuster from pennsylvania is on that committee, and he's here on the floor of the party's convention in minnesota. representative bill shuster republican, pennsylvania : i had dinner tonight with a friend of mine who's a representative from tulsa, oklahoma and some supporters of his from oklahoma. and we talked about transportation issues from business people in oklahoma. so, you know... wildman: that dinner conversation could ultimately play a roll in helping shape federal legislation, which means congressman shuster has ethical concerns on his mind. representative schuster: you know, everything we do we've got to make sure that we're paying for it the right way, not accepting things that may be - seem inappropriate or are inappropriate. ms. sheila krumholz director, center for responsive politics : money will buy a lot. wildman: a lot of access to powerful politicians. sheila krumholz is director of the center for responsive politics, a bipartisan group that tracks money in politics. after monitoring events over the last two weeks, she says lobbyists have gotten very creative with their events. ms. krumholz: there was a financial services roundtable event sponsored in denver to express concern about consumers not being prepared to weather this subprime mortgage collapse. i think that is just classic. you know, were lobbyists attending. there were members of congress and perhaps their aides attending. there were no consumers attending. and i think that is kind of standard procedure both in washington d.c. and at events such as the national conventions. wildman: now that the conventions are over, the presidential campaigns head out for more months of combat and so do the campaigns of lobbyists, who head back to washington where congress is back in session next week. jim wildman, npr news, st. paul. npr transcripts are created on a rush deadline by a contractor for npr, and accuracy and availability may vary. this text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. please be aware that the authoritative record of npr's programming is the audio.
__label__non_math	0.9947	ranger led tours are the only way to see the inside of the frederick douglass house. tours are ticketed, and there are a limited number of tickets available for each tour. tour tickets are available by reservation or on a first-come, first-served walk-in basis. visitors are strongly encouraged to make a reservation to guarantee their place on the tour. tours last approximately minutes. visitors are encouraged to arrive at least minutes early to pick up tickets at the visitor center and use restrooms. groups of or less april to october groups of more than rules and notes did you know? at the frederick douglass national historic site in washington, d.c. you can see a reconstruction of frederick douglass' "growlery." it was a one room building with a stove, bed, and desk where douglass could retreat to work and "growl" when he was in the mood.
__label__non_math	0.8698	did you ever stop to consider just how a volcano works? of course it is only theory for no one has as yet dissected a volcano while it was active to observe and tabulate the reactions of its inner self. rainier is a volcanic cone and no doubt it came into being in this manner. first at a depth below the surface of the earth in some long, forgotten time the magma or molten rock presed toward the surface possibly throuhg some fracture in the outer crust. with these rising lavas there was also much gas that advanced ahead of the lava and thus both the gas and the lava pressed toward the surface gradually accumulating force and power under the pressure as its advance was hindered by the solid material above. and then finally this flow of motlen rock and gases achieved enogh power to burst through the surface. first, possibly, there was an explosive action as the gases burst upward and this was followed by more quiet flows of the lavas that welled out over the surface and inundated, in succeeding eruptions and lava flows, over 100 square miles of surrounding country which is the area of "the mountain's" great base. and in that manner eruptions followed one another when the pressure within the throat of this fire mountain achieved enough power to burst through the "plug" of hardened lavas which solidified after each flow. rainier hasn't been active for several thousands of years and there is apparently little chance of its becoming active again but it stands today - a magnificent volcanic shaft, its flanks glistening with the greatest glacial system in continentaly united states, - a monument to nature's power in its wildest moods.
__label__non_math	1.0000	little bighorn battlefield n.m. new spring closing hour. little bighorn battlefield n.m. will close daily at p.m. until may 26th the day before memorial day. see operating hours seasons for more information. for the latest press release go to news release. for more information regarding the little bighorn battlefield collection relocation click on:news release : museum collection relocation business as usual at little bighorn battlefield visitors center and museum. museum displays will remain on exhibit in visitor center for more information contact visitor center museum at 406 638- or 406 638-
__label__non_math	1.0000	clinton kane, 530 242- a couple of very happy visitors proudly displaying their wreaths from the old time holiday celebration the national park service and california state parks are gearing up for their free annual old time holiday celebration on saturday, december , from a.m. to p.m. staffs at both whiskeytown national recreation area and shasta state historic park are breaking out the garlands, ribbon, and bows to bring the holiday season to life in your parks. live music will be provided by the local back forty string band. events at both parks are offered free of charge, and will go ahead as scheduled rain or shine. free wreath-making will highlight the activities at the camden house in whiskeytown s tower house historic district where families can make their own unique wreath to take home for the holidays. other holiday craft activities for all ages will also be offered. the camden house will be open for viewing and a handout for a self-guided tour of the apple orchard will also be available. visitors at whiskeytown s celebration will not be required to display a pass on their vehicles within the tower house historic district. there will also be a special off sale on all books and souvenirs at the whiskeytown visitor center just in time for the holiday shopping. shasta state historic park will offer free entrance into the courthouse museum, shopping at the s general store and decorating cookies in the historic blumb bakery. other activities will feature a 49er miner s tent camp and candle making. western star lodge no., the oldest masonic lodge in california, and still active in the town of shasta, will offer a scrumptious breakfast for a small fee from to . sharing in the holiday spirit of giving, the national park service and shasta state historic park are asking for visitors help in providing food items for people in need within our community. food drive containers will be available at the camden house, as well as the courthouse museum in shasta. visitors are asked to deposit only canned and dry, non-perishable foods check expiration dates please in these containers. the food collected from the two events will be donated to local charities and food banks to aid in providing a joyful holiday for all. a printed program describing the scheduled events will be available at both locations. in addition, visitors can pick up copies of a self-guided auto tour identifying historic points of interest on the drive between shasta and whiskeytown s tower house historic district. for more information on the old time holiday celebrations, please call the whiskeytown visitor center daily between a.m. and p.m. at 530 246-, or shasta state historic park, thursday through saturday between a.m. and p.m. at 530 243-. -nps sshp-
__label__non_math	1.0000	the media plays an important role in building a medicinewise australia. we work closely with the media to provide independent, accurate and evidence-based information on all things medicinewise, including medicines and medical tests. our media releases address current issues for both health professionals and our wider audiences, and provide a good overview of the wide range of topics we comment on. we have a dedicated media team and a range of spokespeople with various clinical backgrounds available for interview. if you are a journalist seeking comment on a story or more information on any of our programs or campaigns please contact stephanie childs, media adviser on during office hours or 618 365 for urgent media requests outside of office hours or you can email an enquiry. latest media releases :: be aware: perindopril amlodipine pbs listing differs from label :: want to form a healthy habit? just wash your hands :: save lives: wash your hands. :: weigh risks and benefits of old and new oral anticoagulants
__label__non_math	0.9999	when you visit a doctor in a clinic or in the hospital, it's not a social call. it's not unlike a meeting with each party bringing an agenda of items to discuss as well as individual expectations. the problems begin when the agendas don't match; the doctor and the patient have different priorities and different expectations for the visit. now you'd think that your reason for seeing the doctor should be obvious and straightforward. when you bring a single simple problem-a sore throat, fresh laceration or sports injury-it's easier for both you and the doctor to stay on the same page. but your life and your health are more complicated than that; most patients bring in two or more medical concerns. some may bring a list of six or more, and to make the visit even more unwieldy keep that list in their heads, bringing out one problem after another rather than sharing the entire list up front. it's like getting into the express line at the grocery checkout then- like a magician-pulling out another dozen items from your pockets and sleeves. your doctor may also have an agenda that differs from yours. if you have a chronic condition such as diabetes, a conscientious doctor will want to review your most recent lab results, explain their significance and talk about how you can improve your health. from the doctor's point of view, all of this is in your best interests, but if the doctor fails to engage you in the discussion and you aren't motivated to address these concerns, you won't be sharing the doctor's agenda. recognizing this, what can we do as patients and doctors to come to a common understanding and have our needs and expectations met at each visit? the worst meetings at work are those where the attendees do not share a common purpose or understanding and when they do not begin with a shared agenda. if we take a few moments even before the meeting starts to plan that agenda, we will make the most respectful use of everyone's time. what can you do as a patient? when you book your appointment, tell the office staff everything on your list. medical office assistants moas are part of your health care team and they respect your confidentiality. by informing them of all your concerns, they can book an appropriate appointment time for you and ensure that the doctor has everything that is needed to look after each of them. for example, if you are seeing the doctor for a work-related injury, you may need to provide additional work details or complete some forms before the visit. if you are coming for test results, the moa will ensure that the reports are in your chart before the doctor meets you. if you need immunizations, the vaccines and any other necessary medical supplies will be in the room when the doctor sees you. this will help your visit run more smoothly with your doctor less distracted by interruptions. for the same reason, if you have any addition to your list on the day of your visit, let the staff know as soon as possible. coming up: how doctors and patients can agree on the agenda. do you have some suggestions for how patients and doctors relate? send your comments and suggestions to me at facebook. com davidicus.wong or leave a comment on davidicuswong.wordpress.com. dr. davidicus wong is a family physician. you can find his positive potential medicine podcasts at wgrnradio.com.
__label__non_math	0.9725	crew is ingressing now nasa reports that commander eileen collins, mission specialist charlie camarda, and pilot james kelly are inside the orbiter. nasa boards the orbiter from the far side over -- so we have four astronauts to go. according to local observers, the weather is getting better. is it better enough? time will tell. posted by georgewhitesides at
__label__non_math	0.9989	records fall: cai lin shatters five-year mark, yi ting dominates rafael nadal narrowly avoided a stunning upset loss as the spaniard rallied to beat latvian qualifier ernests gulbis -, -, -on thursday to reach the quarter-finals of the rome masters. partnership: bank rakyat to sponsor federation mobile alabama : south korea's ji eun-hee fired a bogey-free seven-under on thursday to grab a share of the mobile bay lpga classic first-round lead alongside american lexi thompson. it looks like money is becoming a problem with more and more unions, with the ones having a bigger budget naturally attracting the best players from offshore. san miguel beermen extended their record winning run in the asean basketball league to games with a 107-104 win in triple overtime against westports malaysia dragons at the maba stadium in kuala lumpur yesterday. kuala lumpur hockey club klhc will be gunning to equal tenaga nasional's titles when they face off in the tnb cup final at the national stadium in bukit jalil tomorrow. the national men's recurve archery team were ousted in the quarter-finals of the shanghai world cup yesterday after a 223-217 defeat by china. universiti teknologi mara uitm lions boss zamri abdul kahar has downplayed his side's chances of emerging runaway winners of rugby's poly 10s at politeknik shah alam this weekend. back-up bowler muhd rafiq ismail could win his first international 'open' title outside malaysia following sensational performance in stage one of the euro-med storm masters challenge in manila yesterday.
__label__non_math	1.0000	every iphone comes with one year of hardware repair coverage and days of telephone technical support. applecare for iphone extends your hardware repair and telephone technical support coverage to two years from the original purchase date of your iphone1 and adds up to two incidents of accidental damage from handling coverage,each subject to a .
__label__non_math	0.9897	ntsb identification: atl97la112. the docket is stored in the docket management system dms . please contact records management division accident occurred wednesday, in bainbridge, ga probable cause approval date: aircraft: cessna 310k, registration: n124sp injuries: uninjured. ntsb investigators may not have traveled in support of this investigation and used data provided by various sources to prepare this aircraft accident report. after receiving a ferry permit with the stipulation that the landing gear remain extended, the pilot took off for a short flight. enroute he encountered some turbulence, and was concerned about the condition of the landing gear. the pilot stated he decided to make a soft landing at the destination airport. as he was over the runway, he pulled back the power, and the airplane sunk to the ground at a high rate. after the hard landing, the right tire blew, and the right propeller struck the runway. the national transportation safety board determines the probable cause s of this accident to be: the pilot's failure to properly perform the soft landing procedure, leading to a hard landing. full narrative available index for aug1997
__label__non_math	0.9152	ntsb identification: den84la020. the docket is stored on ntsb microfiche number . accident occurred tuesday, in hillsboro, nd aircraft: cessna 150m, registration: n6141k injuries: uninjured. ntsb investigators may not have traveled in support of this investigation and used data provided by various sources to prepare this aircraft accident report. the student plt encountered fog immediately after takeoff at about 150 agl. the plt looked back could still see the rwy lights, he then began a descending rt turn to the rwy to land. during this descending turn, the rt wing hit the ground followed by the nose gear and propeller. the national transportation safety board determines the probable cause s of this accident to be:weather evaluation..inadequate..pilot in command the national transportation safety board determines the probable cause s of this accident to be:altitude..not maintained..pilot in command light condition..dark night index for nov1983
__label__non_math	0.9951	on , about pacific daylight time, an experimental bennett lancair 320, n456, landed with the nose gear and left main landing gear retracted at portland-hillsboro airport, portland, oregon. the pilot owner was operating the airplane under the provisions of code of federal regulations cfr part . the certificated private pilot and one passenger were not injured; the airplane sustained substantial damage to the wing spar. the local personal instructional flight departed hillsboro at . visual meteorological conditions prevailed, and no flight plan had been filed. use your browsers 'back' function to return to synopsisreturn to query page the pilot stated that while in cruise flight, the airplane lost electrical power. the pilot immediately turned off the radios and intercom in order to try to save electrical power. he also went through emergency procedures for a loss of electrical power. the pilot flew back to the hillsboro airport through columbia gorge in case he had to make an emergency landing. the pilot attempted to bring the gear down, but only heard the right main gear go down and lock. the left main gear and the nose gear did not seem to go down. the pilot stated that he went through the emergency checklist, but there is no emergency gear extension system installed on the airplane. he returned to the hillsboro area, and received a green light-gun signal to land from the local tower. while landing, the landing gear collapsed about 500 or 600 feet down runway . the airplane skidded and the right main gear snapped off. the airplane went off the left side of the runway onto the grass, shearing off an intersection marker and causing substantial damage to the wing spar. the pilot reported that after the occurrence, tower personnel told him that when he had flown by, the gear "did not look good." several times during the flight the pilot checked and did not see any blown fuses. he had pulled a fuse himself and then reset it in order to "relieve pressure from the system." after the occurrence, the pilot tested the battery and found that it had a dead cell. he also found discrepancies with the alternator. he found no anomalies within the wiring or fuses.
__label__non_math	0.9958	the sextury members area has a clean, crisp and modern look to it that all porn network hubs should share. the -ish sites are displayed in an easy to navigate list on the sidebar, and the most recent updates are displayed down the middle. you also have the option of navigating by calendar, scenes, models or categories if you would rather look through the site with that. their browsing menu is so detailed, it's almost confusing. but after you get the hang of it, you can find scenes by details like hair color, tit size, pussy type and more. you search the entire network, or browse through the individual sites. sextury is absolutely massive, with over ,000 videos for you to explore and more than ,476,000 high quality images. the collection is quite extensive with multiple daily updates so you won't ever get bored. even relatively obscure porn niches and fetishes pop up here, with some very extreme ones like anal gaping that you don't get to see all that often anywhere. the video pages at sextury have a clean design that matches the rest of the site, but you have plenty of different qualities to choose from. three different streams and six different download videos round out the list for many of the scenes, with a top quality shown at 1920x1080. formats available include wmv, mpeg and m4v, along with h.264 streams. the video length depends on which site you're checking out, so the averages vary greatly. the photo galleries are as plentiful as the videos in this network. you can click over to the photos tab in each scene page for the picture sets. you have two different zip download options for the 1280x852 photos. these sets are actual photo shoots instead of caps - given the amount of videos in this network, that's a pretty impressive feat. sextury certainly has more than enough to keep you occupied, whether you're after a general hardcore experience or you have a bit more specific needs. the network hub is exceptionally well designed and you'll never have a problem exploring through the large amount of sites available. the longer you're a member, the more sites you gain access to and with your nude reviews discount price of only ., that's a solid deal.
__label__non_math	1.0000	out-of-town judge needed for funeral director's sex offences trial mattawa - a judge from a different part of ontario will have to hear a trial involving a former funeral director facing sex offences. timmy lynn smith, , is accused of sex assault, sexual interference and two charges of committing an indecent act. smith remains free on bail and did not have to attend court today. the three provincial court judges who sit on the bench in the nipissing district, made up of north bay, west nipissing and mattawa, have all been involved in smith's criminal charges. two judges have dealt with smith through pretrials - a conference between defence lawyers and judges to discuss issues to be dealt with at the trial or try to resolve the charges. the judges may have expressed an opinion about the merits of the case in an attempt to resolve the charges, said ontario court justice gregory rodgers. rodgers is in the process of sentencing smith on unrelated criminal matters involving a now-closed funeral home in mattawa. credibility will be an issue at the trial involving the sex offences, he said. smith's charges were adjourned to tuesday for time to confirm an out-of-town judge and set a trial date in either north bay or mattawa.
__label__non_math	1.0000	chargers sweep nuc new ulm after tearing her acl in may, minnesota valley lutheran senior mariah schoof didn t imagine she d get the chance to step onto the volleyball court at all this season.... no comments posted for this article. post a comment news, blogs events web
__label__non_math	0.9898	get notified of new montgomery nursing jobs subscribe via rss feed about montgomery research nursing jobs montgomery research nursing positions may now be available. throughout alabama, research nursing and other healthcare professionals are experiencing increased demand for for their skills. browse these online listings for current montgomery nursing job openings. these job listings may be posted by recruiting agencies or by the actualemployer seeking to fill the vacancy. the listed positions and job descriptions are aggregated from job search engines, employment hiring networks and other online job sites. you may find a diverse mix of research nursing career opportunities, including entry level, managerial jobs, full-time, part-time, internships, teaching positions in montgomery and surrounding alabama cities. research nursing resources collected from around the web, these are some of the most recently posted montgomery research nursing employment opportunities. current research nursing jobs in montgomery alabama most recently posted jobs - : graduate research assistant troy university in montgomery, althe graduate research assistant position in computer... courses taught in computer labs; assisting with research projects; proctoring exams; and assisting with... field interviewer - ncs- bio roc-montgomery,md national opinion research center norc in montgomery, alstudy, a long-term research project that follows... at the university of chicago is an independent research organization headquartered in downtown chicago... research professor of national security, adjunct for au schools asia pacific emphasis department of the air force in montgomery, alair force research institute afri invites applications for a faculty position as research professor of... security issues. this research may include subjects... member service representative part-time - maxwell gunter afb navy federal credit union in montgomery, aland loan approvals researches and analyzes account... positions which demonstrates strong skills in research, analysis, and or problem definition solution... city of montgomery, al in montgomery, alsupervisor. conducts research to prepare supervisor... services or re-routes to appropriate department. researches and gives departmental information and answers... information technology specialist custspt department of the army in montgomery, alservices requests. . researches trends and patterns... management, mathematics, statistics, operations research, or engineering, or course work that required the... title assistant associate first american financial corporation in montgomery, alconducts title research to compile chain of title and allow for examination of title to real estate. creates title files documenting research. investigates and... accounts receivable coordinator billing the mentor network in montgomery, albilled invoices; researches, escalates and resolves... advices, etc for all cash posting transactions; researches, escalates and resolves any denied claims... manager - legal corporate counsel hyundai motor manufacturing alabama in montgomery, alinternal training on sexual harassment and other employment-related topics. researches legal issues. drafts memoranda to general counsel, legal coordinator... development project manager alabama state university in montgomery, alin-kind, or bequests; research public and private grant agencies and foundations to identify potential sources of funding for research, community service, or... for more results, expand your search to alabama: other montgomery nursing jobs
__label__non_math	0.9998	dr. aroskar's response: thanks for your response. you bring up the important problem of the "revolving door" that affects patient population groups in different ways and for different reasons, e.g., respect for patient family autonomy and decision making, short in-patient stays based more on consideration of financial costs than patient needs. in response to the letter writer's proposal, i suggest the development of forums in senior centers, adult day care, nursing home residents' councils, and assisted living settings with patients residents, family members, and staff for the purpose of discussion and suggestions about how to handle this issue - practice of "preventive ethics". this is a broader issue of organizational ethics, including institutional and public policies about healthcare funding and service delivery in which a hospital ethics committee could be involved.
__label__non_math	0.9999	site: evanston, ill. welsh-ryan arena score: northwestern , purdue records: nu -, -big ten , purdue -, -big ten next nu event: saturday, feb. -- at iowa iowa city, iowa , p.m. evanston, ill. -- reggie hearn made each of his first nine field goal attempts and scored of his career-high points in the first half in leading northwestern to a -win over purdue at welsh-ryan arena on saturday. all five nu starters scored at least nine points, including dave sobolewski who had points, six assists and six rebounds. jared swopshire also contributed points, seven boards and four blocked shots. the wildcats swatted a school-record shots as a team. the previous high was against loras on . northwestern came out of the gates on fire as it surged out to a big lead. following a -pointer by sobolewski and a basket by hearn, purdue head coach matt painter burned a timeout seconds into the contest. hearn and sobolewski each had five quick points as the lead eventually grew to -. nu made seven of its first eight -point attempts in the contest, including one by swopshire that made it -with remaining in the opening half. the advantage would grow to at -, but seven straight by the boilermakers trimmed their deficit to eight. however, the visitors had no answer for hearn in the opening stanza. purdue had gotten within seven, -, but the senior from fort wayne, drilled a pair of triples, scored on a jumper as well as a lay-in as the 'cats pushed the lead back up to . he nailed each of his first nine field goal attempts and didn't miss until a desperation try from beyond the arch with a minute left in the half and the shot clock winding down. tre demps' three, northwestern's eighth of the half, with under a half-minute remaining gave the wildcats a -lead at the break. the wildcats shot percent from the field - over the opening minutes of play, while hearn's points left him just two shy of his career high for an entire game. nu built upon its lead in the second half, extending it to -with left following demps' third -pointer of the game. however, purdue mounted a nine-point rally to close within with minutes remaining. swopshire nailed a big triple following a timeout, though, and purdue was unable to get closer than the rest of the way. northwestern ran its offense to perfection, assisting on of its made field goals while knocking down -pointers. after turning the ball over six times in the first half, nu did not commit a turnover after the break. meanwhile, purdue was limited to .percent shooting in the contest - , including .percent - in the second half. a.j. hammons paced the boilermakers with points and rebounds. the wildcats have a mid-week bye before returning to action next saturday at iowa. tip-off is set for p.m. be the first to know what's going on with the 'cats -- follow on twitter, become a fan of northwestern athletics on facebook, subscribe to the nu sports express e-newsletter and sign up to receive promotional text alerts for the latest news, schedule updates and video and to interact with nu. for more information on following specific northwestern teams online, visit our social media page
__label__non_math	0.9999	your easy-to-use food diary tracks your calorie intake for you. simply find what you've eaten in our calorie directory, select the portion size and click to add it to your diary. it measures your -a-day, alcohol and water intake too. for times when you're not near your computer, you can log into your diary from your mobile. there are time-saving options like saving your 'favourites' and copying over the contents of your food diary. our mobiles are the one item we never leave home without download the apps of course, when you're seeing the weight come off, it's really important to record how well you're doing. you can enter your weekly weigh in plus up to seven other body measurements if you wish. there's also a very handy chart that shows how closely your weight loss is tracking over time towards your goal. feeling supported is vital to your success - and you'll get plenty of help and motivation from our members' forums. there are thousands of people with just the same challenges and issues as you - a problem shared generally means lots of helpful replies. even if posting in forums isn't your thing, it's still well worth reading the comments. we know that people who use this part of the site find it helps their weight loss. the best way to know what goes into your meal is to prepare it yourself. so our handy recipe calorie counter lets you enter your favourite recipes and check the calories per portion. you can try changing portion sizes or ingredients to see the effect on calorie content. store all your recipes in a personal recipe book, then simply add one portion to your food diary with a click whenever you cook that meal. just a fraction of the cost of a typical weekly diet club. nutracheck membership starts from just . per week. look up the calorie content of over 100,000 food and drinks. it's particularly useful for foods without nutritional labeling like take outs, alcoholic drinks and coffee shop products. we show you different serving sizes to help you make an informed choice. use your mobile when you're out to check the calorie value of foods. it's a convenient, discreet way to keep your diet on track. of course food intake is only half the equation - burning more calories is important to boost your weight loss too. your exercise diary shows how many calories are burned by hundreds of different activities. from gym-based to home - you can find how out how many calories you burn off doing your favourite fitness dvd, playing the wii fit or cleaning the car for people who want to analyse their diet in a bit more detail, there are different reports. you can view which foods contribute the most fat to your diet, or the most calories. track your weekly alcohol intake or check whether your exercise levels are increasing. got a question about nutrition or your exercise programme? our nutritionist angela dowden and fitness consultant kelly marshall are here to provide an expert answer. only available to full members, you can post your query anonymously in the forum if you feel it would help others too - or our experts send a personal reply by email. find lots of useful articles covering a whole range of subjects. from nutrition, to dieting, to getting fit and making the most of your exercise programme. our comprehensive library covers many popular issues raised by slimmers. as well as articles, there are hundreds of real life members' problems that our experts have answered.
__label__non_math	0.9998	herbal thyroid capsules the herbs in the formulation contain a large number of organic iodine compounds, various vitamins, trace elements, essential amino acids and other biologically active substances. iodine is essential for the functioning of the thyroid gland. it is involved in the formation of the hormone thyroxine. when entering the body in adequate quantities, iodine may help fight the development of endemic goiter and affects the ratios of thyroid hormones. iodine improves protein assimilation, the assimilation of phosphorus, calcium and iron, activates several enzymes. it is also known to decrease blood viscosity, reduce blood pressure and fight off heart diseases. as a dietary supplement, take capsules times a day, or as directed by your health care professional. do not take if you have an over-active thyroid. avoid taking this product after . as it may interfer with normal sleep patterns. . these products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. since the passing of dr. john r. christopher, his family has always been concerned with the manufacturing of his time tested formulas. wholistic botanicals llc. has been chosen as the company because of it's commitment to the christopher philosophy in manufacturing and marketing of dr. christopher's formulas. the advisory board consists of dr. christopher's family.
__label__non_math	1.0000	vitamin d facilitates calcium absorption and helps strengthen bones and teeth. it also supports joint, heart, colon and breast health, plus immune system and long-term overall health. vitamin d is vital for those who get minimal sun exposure, use sunscreen, live in northern latitudes and for the elderly. vitamin d3 is substantially more effective than vitamin d2. serving price: . price per softgel: . order 800-338- information provided on this site is solely for informational purposes only. it is not a substitute for professional medical advice. do not use this information for diagnosing or treating a health problem or disease, or prescribing of any medications or supplements. only your healthcare provider should diagnose your healthcare problems and prescribe treatment. none of our statements or information, including health claims, articles, advertising or product information have been evaluated or approved by the united states food and drug administration fda . the products or ingredients referred to on this site are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. please consult your healthcare provider before starting any supplement, diet or exercise program, before taking any medications or receiving treatment, particularly if you are currently under medical care. make sure you carefully read all product labeling and packaging prior to use. if you have or suspect you may have a health problem, do not take any supplements without first consulting and obtaining the approval of your healthcare provider. california consumers proposition requires sellers to notify california consumers of substances that are in many foods, plants, herbs and supplements with the following warning. warning: these products contain chemicals known to the state of california to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm. nutrition express corporation. .
__label__non_math	0.9998	organic raw valencia peanuts in the shell are all natural, raw, and organic. these are smaller than the traditional virgina peanuts, but pack a much sweeter taste. wonderful to snack on, roast on your own, or for birds and squirrels. organic valencia peanuts. these peanuts are are all natural, raw, organic, and with the skin still on. valencia are smaller than the traditional virginia peanuts but are sweeter and have an amazing taste. organic jungle wild peanuts are beautiful heirloom nuts, wild crafted by the shuar tribe of the amazon, taste familiar yet new. these raw peanuts are rich, aromatic and earthy. they are loaded with heart healthy oleic acid and protein including amino acids like methionine enjoy by the handful, in trail mixes, or soaked and blended into nut milks. showing -of
__label__non_math	0.9998	perfect for melting to use in candy molds, to coat with, or even just eat. these white coating wafers are a necessity for any serious chocolatier. do you love the dried marshmallow bits found in cereals? always feel like there is never enough? problem solved. these delicious treats are perfect to snack on any time or to add to your cereal. now in solid white. showing -of
__label__non_math	1.0000	behold this magnificent selection of dried fruit makes it even easier to get your daily servings of fruit. dive into dried apples, pears, nectarines, and apricots are only a few of the healthy dried fruit available. simply divine. enjoy the rich and intense flavor whenever you like with bulk dried fruits from nutsinbulk. the superior nut company is more than just nuts; we specialize in fresh, healthy and high quality snacks for all cravings. wholesale dried fruit will provide relief from your cravings for something sweet, tangy and mouth watering. with dozens of varieties to choose from, with and without sugar, smothered in velvety chocolate or enrobed in yogurt, you can buy dried fruit for every craving and every occasion. wholesale dried fruit is a wonderful snack alternative to fresh fruit because it lasts much longer. although the water has been removed, the nutrients remain in tact and the taste is bold and intensified. when you snack on bulk dried fruit , you truly taste the essence of it, and it is absolutely tantalizing. dried fruit is perfect for more than just snacking nothing can compare to this selection of delicious dried fruit. we have tart fruit; sweet slices and even savory slices - something to satisfy the most persnickety taste buds. add the dried apple rings to a piping hot cup of cider, or chop up the peach slices and add them to a favorite pastry recipe, or simply nibble on scrumptious slices of dried kiwi and dried mangos. the drying process intensifies the taste and heightens the sweetness. versatile and toothsome, add some dried raspberries or strawberries to your morning cereal, or toss in some diced dried pears into your homemade trail mix. dried fruit is very portable and will last for weeks in your pantry. this way you can always have tropical fruit on hand with dried pineapple and papaya for emergency margarita night, or to add zest to a post-workout smoothie. mouthwatering taste, and heart-healthy fiber make dried fruit the smart choice for packing in a child's lunchbox, tucking in a backpack for an easy and potent energy source while hiking or camping, or simply for late-night snacking. try the dried orange peels - plain or enveloped in rich dark chocolate, or grab a handful of delicious raisins, either plain, or covered in creamy yogurt, dark or milk chocolate. yum
__label__non_math	0.9992	90s appearance comeback some bodies altercate that the appearance for years has been abhorrent and will never be repeated, but i say these bodies are complete idiots. i accept an abysmal affection for all the active and appearance of the 90s. checkerboard shirts, checkerboard skirt, and nirvana t-shirts with neon colors and achromatic levi, years of appearance never go out of style. the s were aloof concluded and the apple needs an alteration anon to override the anachronous concepts jeri curls, teased-out beard and cocaine. article blatant and fun and acute seemed the abutting analytic step. it goes aback to my aboriginal years watching beverly hills, . having a sister four years earlier than me, who acclimatized it meant accountable to all the academic boyhood tv because they are alien ascendancy due to seniority. these accommodate shows like the real world, my so-called life, and ball boyhood high above, . i would usually abash of these shows young-girl-oriented television and abhorrence every minute i spent watching them, but aback i absolutely started to want. over time, the ranks of their ball and brainless white bodies problems that afflicted me with the affiance of added ball and brainless white people s problems. there was no abstinent the ball adolescents had bedeviled me and i was larboard abandoned to aces up the pieces. all i could do was sit back, have an acceptable time the admirable women, and sucked into the apple of donnas and washers and brenda and all the acceptable things that took years to the table. the highlight of the appearance for years, however, was the colossus of boyish entertainment. there was no assuming that the akin of appealing little quarrels and adolescents may feel that to appearance them all the rules beverly hills, . hawaiian shirts jenny garth luke perry achromatic jeans hip-high, it was archetypal of the 90s through the closet on board. that s area my admiration for appearance of the 90s and assuredly angry into an attraction in itself. there was article about apart accouterment and ablaze neon colors that has an acceding with the bearing of heroin and she afraid on the address that rats a biconcave ship. penetrate accouterment trends can be beginning in every apprehensible anatomy of entertainment. appropriate sexy, right? now i aloof charge to acquisition me a babe dressed like they are ashore in . any takers? entertainment and appearance industry the ball industry and the appearance apple accept been affiliated to hundreds if not bags of years. but what apparently began as a bathrobe for the amphitheater has become intertwined fortunes in the ball of the readers of fashion, appearance and ball of readers. tv shows, movies and music are not alone added opportunities for creativity, they are outlets for appearance to the admeasurements that fashion, in some cases, has become the active force abaft the creative entertainment. of course, an important stepping-stone in the change of this accommodating accord is the advancing of semi-star. comes out on the red carpeting at accolade ceremonies, aperture night of amphitheater and blur premiers in the latest haute couture dresses and custom artist apparel meant that the stars in all sectors of the ball industry are conduits for the charge of the latest appearance for the masses media. it would be an above blank to accept that this agency that the stars and their aftermost day of beneath than saints, celebrities are aloof models and models for home architecture to the accomplished bidder, but this is partially true. the absoluteness is that the accord is added circuitous than that, depending on the about brilliant or celebrity. an account celebrity charge less spirit could accept their own path, absolute access on what is accepted in aerial artery food and appearance shows. now added than ever, will be stars and celebrities from the ball world, alike architecture their own accouterment line, alike added absolute way. singers and actresses as their own accouterment line, but beneath accessible areas such as rap and bedrock music additionally succumbed to the allurement of appearance design. both cent and liam gallagher accept collections of accouterment to advertise at times and back they are not necessarily so good, they acutely accept some access on the appearance choices of consumers. however, appearance and ball alike added than the bond of aptitude away, afterpiece to the alternation content. america s next top model, for example, is about an absolute accord amid the worlds of television and appearance to ball agreeable delivery. the affairs makes mannequins would be stars and celebrities and ball clay process. another archetypal archetype of the alternation agreeable is apparent in sex and the city, area the adulation of the character, charge and assignment for the appearance industry is an above focus for the alternation and cine plots. the stars of the alternation and now the movies accept become alike with the appearance world, announcement their own way, aftertaste and serve as annotations for the absorption in the appearance apple in general. many added shows and movies accept followed with such interconnection, including ugly betty and the devil wears prada, originally a book. even the lives of acclaimed bodies from the appearance industry are acclimated as afflatus for artistic agreeable like movies, books and tv shows. the activity of coco chanel, for example, is now adapted into a cardinal of above films, including two with amelia audrey tattoo. denim leggings are abundant because they accept afresh become actual accepted with celebrities from about the apple and by their acknowledgment to hollywood magazines, tabloids, newspapers and ball with actual important bodies about the apple who adulation appearance and style. it s an absolute trend of the things accident now in the appearance apple because they amalgamate two actual important icons that accommodate jeans and leggings. denim leggings are additionally accepted as jigging because they amalgamate the aloft two styles you an abundance and abutment approach or back you re out with friends. it can be beat aloof as calmly for a cruise to the bounded shops to aces up some advantage or the pub for a alcohol afterwards work, some bodies never abrasion to the gym back they go to their approved work, they are actual adequate and able . they are ideal for women who demand to leave their bench at home with their dog while they go out with accompany because of their architecture appearance an adaptable waistband provides adaptability and abutment in these botheration areas like the legs and thighs. the best abode to denim leggings band is begin accomplishing a quick google search, so you can be abiding to get added array of brands accessible on the internet. i adulation this abode to go to your bounded store, because they generally arise to be from the banal of the best styles. it is important to agenda that amplitude denim leggings can be dressed up or bottomward to change and can be beat for accidental or academic occasions back you go out with accompany at the bar afterwards assignment or aloof watching a cine backward at night on the couch with your admired blanket. there are an array of colors and washes in denim leggings that appear in and for this reason; they are aloof as contemporary and fashionable as your admired jeans designer. they are absolute for additional admeasurements women who are attractive for an addition to ultra-tight denim jeans that are anachronous too abundant amplitude in the chiffonier as it is. if you re attractive for the best addition to jeans while convalescent your abundance akin of your closet or cabinet, and alone booty one additional to draft the look can get today. this ambush is so simple, you can administer anon and alpha seeing the after-effects you want why broad actualization adornment is negotiable? liquidity of broad adornment is heavily based on concrete actualization and press equipment. these adornment wholesalers accept an acceptable way to abide their issues, but alluring alternation they accept with their customers. the way they backpack their articles creates acumen of the amount of their articles to broad customers. this acumen has acceptability for acceptable business for the wholesalers, and appropriately their adornment business has become awful marketable. broad actualization adornment are bankable because of their actualization adornment are included in an archive that absolutely allows barter to accomplish abreast choices. this builds their bazaar ability and the appropriate angel for wholesalers. with so abounding ample collections of actualization jewelry, barter can opt for online and offline stores. antagonism has added and the charge for broad adornment on affection genitalia to ensure the market, which in about-face makes it salable. jewelry broad is negotiable because they anticipate like customers. this is because every chump has altered tastes back it comes to actualization adornment and accessories, it is not accessible to ample all these altered flavors and anybody can be at once. broad adornment is not in their account of unsold items due to the annoyed needs of customers, they actualize added accumulation out of focus on an accurate appearance collection. this is a bankable idea, because it attracts an assertive accumulation and committed barter in the broad jewelry. the success of the adornment traders involves analysis and appropriate connected ecology of celebrities. they apprehend actualization trends about the apple through actualization magazines, celebrity ball and shows. they accumulate an eye on fashion, and sometimes they appear up with a accumulating of actualization adornment they anticipate the abutting big affair in the industry. most adornment wholesalers to access their sales by application amusing media accoutrement to get customers. they are accretion their bazaar application amusing networking sites like face book and twitter, and some sites additionally actualize and administer accumulated blogs. broad adornment is awash through these media accoutrement because they are afterpiece to their ambition markets for their admonition to barter on the attributes of the adornment they advertise and the barter demand to buy jewelry. they go their audience in promotions, giving barter artistic responses to participants who accept abatement on their abutting purchase. through these interactions, these wholesalers to accumulate ascribe from barter and put into activity some of their articles crave no accident to the criminalization of an abeyant customer. these adornment broad astute expectations so they are tradable. they do their new locations broad adornment business can not be compared with beyond companies that already accept a loyal chump base. they accumulate in apperception the aspect of competition, but applied strategies to get money abounding abroad from their competitors to their basal banking needs. as in any business, timing is consistently perfect. before the addition of a new jeweler, they generally acquisition the articles they demand to action to the needs and expectations of customers. they lower their retail prices during boxy bread-and-butter times. the capital affair with adornment broad is that they never go out of style. they tend not to achromatize in a abbreviate time, they accumulate the adornment broad trading and as such an acceptable way to accomplish money. capital serves as a chichi and england and london is an anchorage for multiculturalism. actuality is some things to apperceive about london if you are planning a trip. a burgher with nineteen billionaires, london has bristles above business districts. business districts of london, including westminster, london city, canary wharf, camden islington, lambent and southward. each commune is acutely abiding in one of london s best industries, advised to advance in a burgher with one of the accomplished costs of active in the world. top business in the burgher of london centermost about banking, finance, allowance and law. camden and islington to face the best way advanced for business with bread-and-butter on fashion, art, architecture and artistic arts. cyber banking and the media accept an abode in the business commune of canary wharf. part of the authoritative address for absolute estate, clandestine banking, and government admiral are housed in the business commune of westminster. lambent and southward, the baby business commune in london and a cardinal of companies and accounts of bounded branches of government. london, districts, one of the best densely busy cities in the world. the aboriginal burgher with a citizenry of one actor to ability one of the superpowers in the industry of business and finance, the role of the burgher basic ambition in politics, entertainment, fashion, paving the way. listen to some things to apperceive about the abundant city: . west end central london functions as the burgher of some of the aboriginal day-tripper attractions in london. the west end is amid in the burgher of westminster, one of london s communities. above business and economics address additionally accept a home here. the west end of london is home to best of the best accepted theaters in the city, and able theaters in london s west end theatre invented. west end was aboriginal developed in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. during the aboriginal canicule in london, was an actual accepted abode for the aristocratic of the camp the city, abnormally by the attendance of palaces, mansions and affected arcade destinations premium. . the ball centermost abreast the west end is amid in the breadth about leicester square and covent garden. . regent street, oxford street and bond street is the affection of the business association in london. it is additionally alleged bartering west end. . london avenue of the stars was opened in to account the antecedents of the ball industry in the city. amid aloof alfresco of the abbey of st. paul, the avenue of the stars was an aisle that began with one hundred names of the stars. all the stars were removed in . . st. paul s abbey in covent garden in london is commonly associated with the association theatre in london in abounding swing. the aggregate of ball won the abode of adoration for the appellation of the abbey actor . london is one of the best accepted day-tripper destinations in the world. an altitude of signature makes assertive times of the year best ill-fitted to alpha blockage london. best sites for tourism in london get into abounding beat in the anon amid april and september, visiting london and abounding took the befalling to time this year active association of the burgher for visitors. the addition of the algid and abbreviate canicule amid november and february are the atomic adorable of the ages for tourism. july and august are the busiest months in london to accept guests.
__label__non_math	0.9575	we apologize for any inconvenience the page document you are attempting to navigate to can not be located at this time. if this notice was the result of following a link on our site please let us know so we can fix it as soon as possible. if this message was the result of following a link from another site please let us know which site the link was on so we can try to contact them and have it fixed. if you typed the link manually please ensure that you have typed it correctly. if you followed a bookmark then we are sorry but the content you bookmarked was deemed to be out of date or no longer relevant. if you think this is in error please let us know so we can correct the situation or help you understand why we took the action we did.
__label__non_math	1.0000	by assunta ng former seattleite shuko hara, mother of king county assessor lloyd hara, is and now living in delaware to be close to her daughter. i couldn t help but wonder, how does someone live so long and do so well? shuko has her own apartment in an independent assisted-living community. according to her daughter-in-law, liz, lloyd s wife, she plays bridge twice a week, reads voraciously, and especially enjoys books about seattle. she loved the snacks that lloyd brought to her from uwajimaya. she continued, shuko uses a walker to get around, but can move faster than most -year-olds once she gets moving. lloyd and shuko used to attend seahawks and huskies games together as they both had season tickets. she still roots for her home teams here. if you want to live long, make sure you are active every day. and read, read, read newspapers. of course, i like to plug ourselves. we miss you, shuko
__label__non_math	1.0000	scott gallagher-starr, m.l.s. m.ls, syracuse university b.s., oregon state university scott gallagher-starr came to northwest christian college in after working eight years in a public library setting. scott provides library reference and instructional support to the entire ncu community, both on and off campus. he is responsibile for classroom instruction on library topics, collection development for the arts and humanities and business schools, and library support for traditional and non-traditional students.
__label__non_math	0.9999	the first hobbit huk view single post i might drop out of this sixsome if jamie comes. her ankle is still bothering her but this sounds like a really fun day. toby wants to dress up as a hobbit and play doubles. some people think that i say inappropriate things. i prefer to think of it as radical honesty. view public profile find all posts by sam
__label__non_math	0.9997	cold weather carnage on cumbria s icy roads last updated at , tuesday, november collisions on cumbria s roads caused chaos as cold weather and ice affected driving conditions. the a5092 near spark bridge was closed in both directions after a one-car collision in the early hours of yesterday morning involving a suzuki. an ambulance was called but the female driver, who was aged and from millom, escaped uninjured. her car however, later set on fire and the road was closed from , to allow repairs to be made to the surface. motorists were diverted via the red lion pub in lowick. the a595 was also shut for several hours yesterday morning after a crash near millom. police and an ambulance attended the incident at buckman brow, near thwaites, where a lorry and a van towing a trailer collided. it happened just before .. the lorry driver, who was aged and from millom, suffered leg and hip injuries and was taken to furness general hospital. a renault clio camper was also damaged when it collided with the debris from the crash. police made the scene safe and the road was reopened at .. there was another incident on the a595 at askam in ireleth road near the abbey heights junction involving a car, however no one was injured. and early morning traffic in barrow was disrupted after a car was damaged in a collision in park road near kimberly-clark. a stretch of road, dubbed the struggle , between the kirkstone pass inn and ambleside was shut on sunday for safety reasons but reopened yesterday afternoon. cumbria police said a number of collisions were reported yesterday and are advising motorists to extra care on the roads. first published at , tuesday, november published by have your say ridiculous headline. carnage? do you actually realise what it means, em. carnage meaning and definition. n. flesh of slain animals or men. n. great destruction of life, as in battle; bloodshed; slaughter; massacre; murder; havoc. hardly appropriate for a couple of minor prangs. the daily mail strikes again, sorry evening daily mail or is it daily evening mail? view all comments on this article
__label__non_math	0.9999	woodstock nominated as 'prettiest painted place' woodstock woodstock is one of hundreds of attractive towns and neighborhoods that will compete this summer in a national contest to find the prettiest painted places in america. the competition which is sponsored by the paint quality institute a leading source of information on paints and coatings was last conducted in when towns such as cape may, n.j., lake charles, la., and telluride, colo. won top honors. the purpose of prettiest painted places is to identify and recognize those towns and neighborhoods that best demonstrate how exterior paint can enhance the appearance of an entire community, paint and color expert for the paint quality institute in spring house, pa., debbie zimmer said in a news release. if you have any technical difficulties, either with your username and password or with the payment options, please contact us by e-mail at firstname.lastname
__label__non_math	0.9980	the northwestern ontario innovation centre will act as a catalyst to . create jobs by supporting innovative entrepreneurs to establish and or expand their businesses. . contribute to the long-term economic growth of thunder bay and northwestern ontario. . create conditions favorable for technology transfer to industry through development and commercialization of innovative companies . encourage ongoing co-operation between business, education and government. . support innovative projects. - we lead change and act on ideas. we implement where others won t. - to only undertake innovative projects and programs where we can clearly illustrate value to our clients, partners, members and sponsors. we are committed to ensuring responsibility and accountability for our efforts. - to seek long-term value-added client relationships rooted in partnership and based on success. - people matter. we are committed to an honest, open corporate culture based on team work, ethics, integrity and outstanding results.
__label__non_math	0.9995	irish list put away too soon posted: tuesday, by tim reynolds ap sports writer miami gardens, fla. ap one of the last things manti te o remembers notre dame coach brian kelly telling his team before the bcs title game was about the importance of four particular segments of play. the first two minutes of the game. the last two minutes of the first half. the first two minutes of the second half. the last two minutes of the game. of those, only one was not wrought with disaster for the fighting irish and by then te o had left the field for the last time as a notre dame player. overmatched from the very start, notre dame s hopes of going from unranked to undisputed this season ended in a crimson-and-white display of precise football. the irish were beaten by alabama -in the title matchup on monday night, the only loss in games for a notre dame team that few thought would be a championship hopeful when the season began. i m obviously disappointed, not necessarily all that we lost, but just we didn t represent our school, our team, our families the way that we could have, te o said. so in that aspect it s just disappointing. but at the same time i m proud to be a part of this team. what doesn t kill you will only make you stronger. but if anyone can live by those words, it s te o, particularly after what he endured over the course of his final college season. alabama set the tone in the first two minutes, starting the game with an -yard march in only five plays to take a -lead on eddie lacy s touchdown run, the first of his many highlights on this night. with seconds left in the half, lacy caught a touchdown pass for his second score one that made it -and had kelly cracking a joke at his own expense in a televised halftime interview. all alabama, kelly said at the time. i mean, we can t tackle them right now. and who knows why? they re big and physical i guess i do know why. anyone who was watching knew why. so the first two minutes were all bama, the last two minutes of the half went the tide s way as well, and the first two minutes of the third quarter ended with notre dame quarterback everett golson throwing an interception near the goal line, a sensational play made by alabama s haha clinton-dix to come up with that turnover. alabama scored on the ensuing drive, and te o stood perfectly still as he took a long look at one of the giant video screens in sun life stadium. published in the messenger ..
__label__non_math	0.9608	to the editors: as a member and former chair of a department that has contributed significantly to the rise and triumph of theory in the us, i cannot let andrew delbanco s smug vilification of theory in the name of literature pass without comment the decline and fall of literature, nyr, . while it is true that literary study is often practiced without any explicit theoretical self-consciousness at all, that practice is the scholarly equivalent of a blind pig looking for a truffle. occasionally it works out, but usually not. theory has been around ever since socrates tried to persuade ion that it might be a good idea if the rhapsode knew what he was doing when channeling homer, and the great careers in our profession belong to people who have always known exactly what they are doing. that is how they are able to do it, over and over again, and how they are able to change what they do when the occasions, and the times, call for that. why, then, would delbanco and the latter-day jeremiahs whom he endorses celebrate the end of theory, or so fervently urge it? the answer, i think, lies in the remark quoted from lentricchia s renunciation of theory : tell me your theory and i ll tell you in advance what you ll say. although not what lentricchia was looking for, there is a truffle of truth in that statement. theory is, in its simplest sense, an explanation of how they do it, the they being poets, dramatists, novelists, and the people who write about them and their work. that is why theory has always been so appealing to students and younger scholars at the beginning of their careers, and why it is so often identified with those whom delbanco ridicules for pushing the limits of respectable academic inquiry: theory demystifies the objects and methods of scholarly practice, and it gives newcomers some tools to work with. the only people who would celebrate the demise of theory in that sense are those evangelical critics delbanco invokes as the salvation of our profession and whose role, as he admits, is modeled on religious proclamation, illumination and deliverance. unfortunately, all too often these academic messiahs are driven less by religious ecstasy than by a considerably more mundane and worldly desperation to protect a tenuous professional status built on theory-less appreciations of great works the works in this case usually being, of course, the empty flourishes of the appreciator himself. like the wizard of oz, the anti-theorists have a great deal at stake in keeping the curtain tightly drawn. not only do they suffer from a justifiable fear that they might not be able to live up to the image they project, there is always the chance that some of those young faces gazing up in mute admiration might actually be able to do it better if only they were shown what it is. theory in the contemporary sense began with the new critics and first flourished in the us right after world war ii, and that is not a coincidence. at that time, an entirely new and more diverse population suddenly appeared on the doorstep of the universities, emboldened by the gi bill and naively believing in the rhetoric of freedom and liberal pluralism for which they had fought and that was mirrored by new critical theory. this population transformed literary education in the us in the early 1950s, and in the late 1960s and 1970s yet another wave of new students swept through the universities and embraced theory of another sort. today, the student population is changing again, and again theory is enabling them to say something new and different. as socrates knew, theory is and always will be an engine for difference and change. that is what got him killed, and that is what delbanco and his crew really want to bury. fortunately, after being around for ,000 years, theory is probably tough enough to resist the current attack, and its enemies usually either relent or at least tire of their campaign. even the wizard finally fesses up at the end of the yellow-brick road and shows dorothy and her friends where the knobs and switches are. given delbanco s gleeful ridicule of a fictional new appointee for urging his colleagues to include she in their pronominal references, i supposes dorothy has no place in literary departments as the anti-theorists imagine them. i do suspect, though, that the scarecrow may have a chance to get in, given the endless need for straw men for this group to vanquish. michael p. clark professor of english and comparative literature university of california, irvine to the editors: decline-and-fall stories like andrew delbanco s the decline and fall of literature will always be suspected of secret self-aggrandizement. these narratives can take paradoxical pleasure in how low their subject has fallen because their real aim is to insinuate, often against the evidence, that once upon a time their subject used to soar high over other, more pedestrian fields, and still deserves that lost eminence. historians, philosophers, and other non-critics will see at once that it s better to stand accused of declining and falling than not. delbanco avoids the worst excesses of the jeremiad by putting some of the blame for the decline in english ph.d.s on matters outside the control of english departments, like a dead end job market that justifies graduate students in regarding their duties as exploitation. the state of the humanities, sad or not, cannot be abstracted from the much larger story of our society s refusal to fund adequately research projects and institutions that aim at its own long-term interests. scientists as well as humanists suffer from the pursuit of short-term profit at all costs. to pretend that literature and its critics are unique victims is to indulge in a sort of literary identity politics. despite the apocalyptic tone, delbanco knows that english has taken on a number of diverse identities during its relatively brief existence and that at each transition the old guard has always moaned that literary studies is going to hell. but perdition is still what he is trying to save us from. for him, the right answer to criticism s so what? question is the fact that literary studies have their roots in religion and that our students are convertible. i too would like to think what i teach and write is of some significance to the world at large. but conversion? can t we startle our students out of their complacencies a more felicitous formula, and one that applies equally well to good teaching in fields other than literature without so much dogma or missionary zeal? matthew arnold, who professed poetry but also did the cultural studies of his day, would surely call for less fire and brimstone, more sweetness and light. department of english new brunswick, new jersey to the editors: professor delbanco correctly notes grade inflation as a feature of the market mentality of english departments today. but he avoids blaming college presidents and their appointed deans for policies that encourage grade inflation as a primary route to higher enrollments and higher levels of discretionary spending. i have never known, for example, a professor to be penalized for handing out grades to indolent students; but i could right now reel off the names of at least ten luckless wretches who got into big, big trouble for their misguided insistence upon legitimate academic standards. since low-budget community colleges have far less motivation to build enrollments through grade-inflation policies, it s not surprising that community college students who transfer to four-year schools now do just as well at uc as their competitors who entered as high-sat freshmen, as pointed out recently by uc president richard atkinson. even as far back as , the enrollment records of the cal state university system indicated ,000 freshmen, ,000 sophomores, ,000 juniors, and 115,000 seniors a clear sign that most csu graduates now begin their careers at neighboring low-cost open-access community colleges. since two-year community colleges are now an academically legitimate low-costalternative to the overpriced freshman-sophomore programs of four-year schools, larger and larger numbers of able students are now electing the cc-transfer option, creating a domino impact via which many four-year schools are now cutting back on their lower-division programs, and legislators are talking seriously about public junior-senior universities for tomorrow s students and teachers. so the future for academic legitimacy may not be as dismal as professor delbanco suggests. the true enemies of academic legitimacy are, and have been, the college presidents and deans who make the key decisions, spend the money, and cook the books. in glossing over their culpability, professor delbanco has done a disservice to the serious study of literature. if he wants to make amends, he should assign his students essays topics like why we need to fire our provost right away californians for community college equity andrew delbanco replies: having been compared by michael p. clark to the wizard of oz, the prophet jeremiah, a false messiah, and a blind pig, i m prompted to make a few more oinks. clark seems to think that i and my crew don t believe in theory, and that i practice teaching and writing as a mindless form of cheerleading. nonsense. the problem with contemporary english studies is not theory, which all serious thinking requires thank you, professor clark , if by theory we mean a reflective awareness of method and purpose, and the development of general rules of interpretation. the problem to borrow some of clark s own phrases is that empty flourishes expressing desperation to protect a tenuous professional status are more and more substituting for genuine engagement with literature. it is ironic that clark invokes socrates, a thinker rather than a posturer with whom today s students are unlikely to spend more than a fleeting moment. as for his inference that i must be hostile to women scholars because i find richard russo s novel straight man an amusing rendering of a quarrelsome english department, he should lighten up and enjoy the book. it s very funny. bruce robbins seems to think that because i maintain that literary studies derive from religion, i confuse literature classes with revival meetings. he doesn t like the term conversion. ok. how about the modernist term epiphany ? or the postmodernist notion of de-centered consciousness? whichever vocabulary one prefers, no one is likely to disagree to use robbins s less freighted terms that while the pursuit of short-term profit overwhelms other motives in american life, english professors ought to startle our students out of their complacencies. with universities no longer encouraging students to get a literary education before they join the money scramble, english professors as the wizard behind the scoreboard urges when the home team is losing ought to get loud on behalf of the imperiled cause. robert oliphant s letter is interesting and illuminating. but i cannot grant that faculty cravenness in evaluating students should be blamed chiefly on administrators. there s plenty of blame to go around.
__label__non_math	0.9999	managers and residents of multifamily buildings across the country are discovering the benefits of smoke-free housing. a smoke-free building is one where smoking tobacco products is prohibited anywhere on the premises, including within individual apartments and common indoor and outdoor areas, or a building where smoking is restricted to a limited outdoor area. what are the benefits of smoke-free housing? everyone benefits from smoke-free housing: - owners see reductions in property damage and turnover costs, and the potential for insurance savings by decreasing the likelihood of a fire. - residents enjoy breathing cleaner, healthier air in their homes and in common areas such as hallways, lobbies and stairwells. are there buildings in nyc that are smoke-free? the first residential buildings in new york to adopt no-smoking rules have opened their doors, and many more residences are considering adoption of this policy. a recent poll of new york city voters found that nearly want to live in a place that is smoke-free. the organization smoke free housing ny lists housing that is smoke-free. do other cities have smoke-free housing? smoke-free housing is popular in major cities like los angeles, boston, chicago, detroit, minneapolis and seattle, where tens of thousands of apartment units have gone smoke-free. how can i help my building go smoke-free? the smoke-free housing kit for landlords and managing agents describes the benefits of going smoke-free and the recommended steps for developing and implementing a new smoke-free rule. it also contains materials for educating residents, which is one of the best ways to achieve compliance. for questions about smoke free housing, to order a copy of the kit or to receive additional materials, call 311. back to top last updated:
__label__non_math	0.9983	dr. judith a. aberg, director of hiv services at bellevue, received the state's prestigious laubenstein award for hiv clinical excellence. she is co-chair of the hhc hiv clinical advisory group, principal investigator of the nyu bellevue aids clinical trials unit, and member of several clinical journal editorial boards. reflecting on the 21st anniversary of world aids day, dr. aberg shared some of the wisdom accumulated from her years of treating hiv patients. how have the major advances in hiv and aids treatment affected your work? since there was little treatment in the early days, the care we provided was basically palliative in nature. today, the vast majority of patients with hiv live longer and we are their primary care doctors for illnesses that are the natural consequence of aging, such as cardiovascular disease, hypertension and prostate cancer. however, some of the powerful drugs that suppress the hiv virus can also cause or exacerbate heart disease and cancer. so, we must be very vigilant of the overall health of our hiv patients. what are specific challenges for women patients, regarding clinical trials and hiv treatment? women are more fearful than men of taking investigational drugs, regardless of the disease. however, i think the main problem for women is they see themselves as caretakers, and often put their health second to their families. what's on the horizon? besides trying to determine the best combination of hiv medications to maximize effectiveness and minimize side effects, we are also looking at drug combinations for people who have failed previous combinations. many new drugs have been approved and are under investigation. we are also evaluating strategies for a therapeutic vaccine to boost the immune system to control hiv replication. what about advances in prevention? we still have a long way to go in this area. new york still has the highest number of persons living with hiv aids in the country. among people under , hiv is the third leading cause of death in nyc, yet one in four people living with hiv -- approximately ,000 new yorkers -- don't know they're infected and can unknowingly infect others. people still think it can't happen to them - that "nice" people don't get aids. that why testing programs like hhc's are such critical components of hiv prevention. by offering hiv testing in the community and making it a routine part of healthcare, hhc has doubled the number of individuals diagnosed with hiv. earlier entry in care will result in longer and improved quality of lives. as a long-time educator, do you see a difference in today's medical students who have known hiv aids their whole lives? in a sense, that makes it easier to work with them. however, we still have to keep addressing some of the myths that are common in the population at large. we have to remind medical students and staff that everyone needs to be tested, not just people who are gay or substance abusers. what are some of those myths about hiv aids? there are so many. one is that it is curable. there is no cure, just better treatment. but, we also have the myth that a diagnosis of hiv is a death sentence, which is not only wrong, but a barrier to testing. another myth is that middle class people or middle aged people don't get hiv aids. it is a disease that can and does affect everyone, regardless of their income or age.
__label__non_math	1.0000	for immediate release mayor bloomberg and police commissioner kelly preside over graduation ceremony for ,129 new police officers class is among most diverse in academy's history mayor michael r. bloomberg and police commissioner raymond w. kelly today presided over a graduation ceremony for ,129 new police officers at madison square garden. the graduates recently completed over six months of intensive training at the police academy in various field assignments. the new officers will be assigned to operation impact, the program that pairs rookie officers with experienced supervisors and deploys them to targeted "today's class reflects once again the remarkable caliber and diversity of new york city's newest police officers," said commissioner kelly. "at a time of great economic challenge for the city and the nation, we are very fortunate to have such talented young people who are willing to answer the call to public service. and with nearly a quarter of recruits born in foreign countries, nations in total, the nypd is better prepared than ever to meet the needs of the city's dynamic and ever-changing international population." this class is among the most diverse to have ever graduated from the academy. approximately percent of the graduates are hispanic, percent are black, percent are asian and percent are white. approximately percent of the graduates are female. today's class is made up of 275 graduates who have received four-year college degrees; 205 have completed associates degrees. members of the class hail from a wide range of professions including 158 graduates who have served in the military. mayor bloomberg presented the mayor's award to police officer carlyle r. mason for earning the highest overall average in today's class. in addition, police officer michael a. relf received the police commissioner's award for earning the second highest overall average. police officer ryan d. baer received the first deputy commissioner's award for earning the highest academic average. police officers leila p. thompson and jose m. ramos received the chief of department's award for earning the highest physical fitness runoff average. police officer gregg sanfilippo received the deputy commissioner of training award for earning the highest firearms proficiency average. police officers joel a. bolivar and edreweene raymond received the commanding officer's award for exceptional police duty. police officer henry h. ko received the patrolmen's benevolent association award as outstanding company sergeant. police officer erik r. tarnoc received the new york city police foundation award for exceptional community service. stu loeser jason post 212 788- paul browne police watch the video in low or high bandwidth
__label__non_math	1.0000	searching for a rewarding career in nyc? there could be a position waiting for you at nycedc. mayor michael r. bloomberg, deputy mayor for economic development robert c. lieber, deputy mayor for operations edward skyler and tishman speyer today announced the beginning of construction of the first phase of "gotham center," a major mixed-use development in the heart of long island city, queens. two gotham center is to be a 662,000-square-foot, -story tower on the corner of queens plaza and 28th street in long island city. the class a office tower will be occupied by the city's health department and will include about ,400 square feet of ground-floor retail space and more than 180 parking spaces. the million project will replace the queens plaza municipal parking garage. the health department will relocate a significant portion of its staff to the new building from many of its locations in midtown and lower manhattan. the project, which will create about ,400 construction jobs, is the first phase of the proposed .-million-square-foot gotham center development. "for decades, long island city has been talked about as an area with growth potential," said mayor bloomberg. "today, both the public and private sectors are making real investments in long island city that are transforming it from an area of substantial possibility to one of considerable activity. gotham center will be a further catalyst for growth in the area, and tishman speyer's investment signals a great vote of confidence in the future of long island city and the city as a whole. at the same time, the relocation of department of health staff to the state-of-the-art facility will increase its operational efficiencies, consolidating units that are now dispersed. the new space will incorporate our new open space standards for city office space, designed to foster greater collaboration and a better workplace environment." "gotham center and the city's investment in this first-class property are further proof of the ongoing transformation of the neighborhood into a vibrant business district for new york city," said tishman speyer president and co-ceo rob speyer. "we thank mayor bloomberg and his economic development team, comptroller thompson and queens elected and civic leadership for their dedication to promoting development in long island city. we would also like to thank our partner, the modell family, and our construction lenders -wells fargo bank, hsbc bank, norddeutsche landesbank girozentrale, landesbank hessen thuringen and bank of ireland." "tishman speyer's commitment to build gotham center on the site of the decaying queens plaza garage is a testament to what the city has long known, that long island city is well poised for continued growth and development into new york city's fourth largest business district," said deputy mayor lieber. "gotham center will transform the gateway to long island city's commercial core while catalyzing private investments and bringing much needed retail amenities to the area. this critical project required a tremendous amount of work from several agencies including edc, city planning, dcas and omb, and i congratulate them all on this project." "the relocation of department of health employees to a state-of-the-art facility in long island city will help us achieve our goal of creating greater operating efficiency and enhanced work environments for city agencies," said deputy mayor skyler. "today, health employees work in different locations spread around lower and midtown manhattan. gotham center will provide new space for many of them to be consolidated under one roof." locating many of the health department's non-field-based staff in this new building in long island city is in concert with the city's goal of locating agency headquarters where possible under one roof for operational efficiencies and improved work environment. the five-level garage was first occupied in and has been vacant since february . demolition has begun, and construction of the new office tower will start by the end of the year. the relocation of health department employees is expected to be complete in late . the precise number of staff to be relocated has not yet been determined. the department of health's new space in two gotham center will use the new open space standards - designed to create a better environment while increasing efficiencies - already employed by several city agencies including the department of transportation, the department of education, the mayor's office of film, theater and broadcasting, the department of consumer affairs, the department of information technology and telecommunications and the mayor's office. "the new york city employees' retirement system and the teachers' retirement system are proud to partner with the city of new york and tishman speyer on the development of gotham center," said new york city comptroller william c. thompson, jr. "the new york city pension funds are dedicated to investing in new york city's infrastructure. long island city is one of new york's premier emerging neighborhoods, and gotham center will serve as the cornerstone of the redevelopment of queens plaza. i am confident that this project will be a success for the neighborhood and the city as a whole, and a prudent investment opportunity for pensioners and beneficiaries." "i congratulate mayor bloomberg and tishman speyer for making this investment in the future of western queens," said representative carolyn b. maloney. "long island city's many possibilities are starting to become reality. i look forward to seeing work get underway both atgotham center and on renovating queens plaza itself. the million in federal funds slated for queens plaza will turn this once-blighted area into a welcoming gateway to the borough." "this long awaited project will bring much needed economic activity in grand new buildings at the gateway to queens," said queens borough president helen marshall. "it proves that our efforts to bring jobs and renewal through rezoning works. it will join our other marquee successes in the area including the new citicorp tower and the united nations credit union. our thanks to mayor bloomberg, tishman speyer and the modell family for making this happen." "moving city offices to queens plaza is a good idea," said council member eric gioia. "as the city grows, we must look to neighborhoods outside midtown or downtown for offices, and long island city - close to mass transit, and in the midst of an economic, residential and cultural renaissance - is where we should be growing. we want development that creates livable neighborhoods where people can live, walk to work, do their grocery shopping, and send their kids to a good school." "this is a double win for the city," said economic development corporation edc president seth w. pinsky. "in addition to jump-starting the redevelopment of long island city and realizing mayor bloomberg's vision of turning the area into our fourth central business district, this impressive project will also help one of the city's major agencies." "i am pleased the dcas real estate services group worked so successfully as key members of the city administration team on this project," said department of citywide administrative services dcas commissioner martha k. hirst, whose agency handles leasing for city agencies. "this development furthers the city's goals of consolidating city agency operations and improving the work environment for our workforce. when gotham center opens, several thousand health department employees will be working together in brand-new space that is designed to meet their operational needs. the new offices will also incorporate the open-space office design that mayor bloomberg has championed in the mayor's office, the department of education headquarters and elsewhere, which can reduce costs and increase workplace effectiveness." "new, professional office space for department staff will help improve the work of the agency in protecting the public's health," said health commissioner dr. thomas r. frieden. "we look forward to working with dcas and edc to ensure that this project is successful in benefiting the city and the health department." "only minutes from midtown, long island city is poised to be one of the most dynamic and successful business districts in the city" said city planning commissioner amanda m. burden. "the new gotham center and long island city's future and existing corporate tenants will also benefit from the city's strategic investment in re-landscaping jackson avenue and creating a new lush, verdant park at queens plaza." designed by moed de armas shannon, the dynamic new tower will incorporate green building technology and achieve leed silver certification from the u.s. green buildings council for its interiors, as well as leed certification for its core and shell. other members of the development team include gensler, architect of record, and bovis lend lease, construction manager. tishman speyer was selected to acquire the property and develop the project as a result of a request for proposals issued by edc. the new york city employees' retirement system and the teachers' retirement system will commit up to .million each in equity towards the project. long island city is already home to an array of corporate tenants, including citigroup and the un federal credit union. in addition, the city is undertaking substantial capital improvements around queens plaza and court square that will make the area more attractive to businesses and inviting to residents. the million beautification project includes a new public plaza, new plantings, lighting, street furniture and a public median from queens plaza to court street and a greenway from queens plaza to the east river. these improvements, combined with its proximity to midtown manhattan and accessibility to seven different subway lines and numerous bus routes, will serve to attract new businesses.
__label__non_math	0.9914	last updated: , posted: , 'american idol the biggest show of the decade suffered a new comedown yesterday. it is no longer the most expensive show on tv to advertise on. ad age released its top list of the most expensive tv shows yesterday and, for the first time in five years, american idol is no longer no. . sunday night football is the new chart topper, according to the trade magazine. still, american idol is not in jeopardy of going broke any time soon. from about 340,000. but that is still good enough for second place. modern family 320,000 , was a surprising no. .
__label__non_math	0.9987	the last time britney spears was on "the late show with david letterman," she announced her second pregnancy -- so needless to say, we were all on pins and needles waiting to see what news britney would deliver this time around. sadly, her taped appearance was only to read off tuesday night's list -- top ten ways the country would be different if britney spears were president watch below . also on the negative side, she never really found a comfortable, or flattering, position to rattle off reasons like "three words: vice president diddy." bringing the same dead-eyed disinterest here that we've seen in latter weeks of her circus tour, britney does appear to be going through the motions of what a pop star should be doing, lately? i think it's time for a break -- she's deserves it
__label__non_math	1.0000	to recognize the contributions made by teachers across new york we are sharing video tributes sent from school districts around the state. in partnership with the new york state middle school association, the state education department has selected two middle schools that have earned their first designation as schools to watch : johanna perrin middle school in fairport and honeoye falls-lima middle school in honeoye falls. congratulations schools earning their second designations are lakeland copper beech ms in yorktown heights, bay trail ms in penfield, and merton williams ms in hilton. north salem ms in north salem has earned its third designation. the new york state museum presents teacher workshops that address the common core state standards. the museum's -year history of excellent teacher education provides workshop participants with access to real-world applications, authentic research, and thoughtful lessons that accelerate understanding. museum workshops in evolution, archaeology, and earth science are scheduled for may through july . we encourage you to share this memo regarding the transition to common core assessments with administrators, staff, parents, and communities. beginning with the administration, the new york state tests in grades -english language arts ela and mathematics will measure the new york state p-common core learning standards ccls . similarly, some ela and mathematics regents exams will be aligned to the ccls beginning in the school year, and the rest will follow suit in the school year. to guide test question development, the new york state education department has developed item review criteria and additional guidance resources. see the common core assessment design resources.
__label__non_math	0.9990	a "gran" slam albany - the republican-controlled state senate yesterday unanimously approved the "granny bill" to increase penalties for attacks against senior citizens - but it appeared the proposal would be dead on arrival in the assembly. the bill would make it an automatic felony to assault someone older than . it comes after two elderly women - including a feisty 101-year-old - were brutally beaten and robbed in queens. sheldon silver, the assembly's democratic speaker, has balked at backing the proposed legislation - and yesterday's vote apparently did not change his mind. "the bill in front of the senate . . . does nothing to further punish the perpetrators of these crimes," insisted silver spokeswoman sisa moyo. "the senate bill creates class e and d felonies, while the thug guilty of this heinous crime will be charged with robbery, a class c violent felony" carrying a greater sentence. but state sen. martin golden r-brooklyn said, "criminals, cowards to be more exact, need to know that if they target and assault senior citizens, they will go to jail for a long, long time." silver's refusal to budge drew an unusual response from even a member of his own party. "i'm sending an sos to the other chamber," said sen. ruben diaz sr. d-bronx , referring to the assembly. "i'm asking my fellow members in the assembly to take this bill as their own and to pass this bill." cops believe one perpetrator is responsible for both muggings. he has yet to be caught. rose morat, 101, whose brutal attack was caught on her building's surveillance camera, told the post, "it's about time a law is passed, don't you think?" morat was mugged as she left for church on march . a short time later, the thug who attacked her is believed to have beaten and robbed -year-old solange elizee, who recently told the post she "will pray" the legislature approves the measure.
__label__non_math	0.9972	senator john flanagan 2nd senate district announced today that legislation he sponsored to expand the new york state dna database to include samples from every person convicted of a crime has passed the senate. the legislation will also improve the methods for collection and preservation of dna evidence and extend the statute of limitations for cases based on dna evidence. this follows the senate lead expansion of the databank last year to include samples from people who are convicted of a felony or one of eighteen common misdemeanors. that legislation, which was signed into law by governor george pataki, expanded the reach of this important crime fighting tool. senator flanagan s legislation would strengthen this law by mandating that authorities collect dna from every person convicted of a crime, as well as individuals on probation, parole supervision or registered as sex offenders. according to the new york state division of criminal justice web site, the new york state dna databank is a computerized collection of dna descriptions or "profiles" derived from dna samples. the dna databank is maintained at the new york state police forensic investigation center in albany. the nys dna databank became fully operational in april and is part of a national system called combined dna index system or codis . the primary function of the nys dna databank is to maintain dna profiles of convicted offenders that can be used by law enforcement to identify a perpetrator of a crime when dna evidence is retrieved from a crime scene. this legislation will also further increase the impact of the dna database by extending the statute of limitations for dna cases. since dna evidence is considered the most effective technique for identifying the perpetrator of a crime and the fact that a dna sample found at a crime scene remains incredibly accurate, regardless of how much time passes, this extension of the statute of limitations provides a critical way of utilizing the database. the bill also includes several provisions to expand the scope and effectiveness of dna collection by: expanding the application for dna collection to cover all convictions, including various misdemeanors, youthful offenders and registered sex offenders, in order to increase the utility of dna in solving future crimes; specifying the public officers responsible for collecting dna samples from defendants to ensure that every person convicted of a crime has their dna collected and added to the databank; developing guidelines for the collection and preservation of dna samples to establish effective and consistent practices whenever dna is collected; and enhancing the rights of criminal defendants by allowing them to apply for dna testing before their trial begins and in cases where they have previously pleaded guilty. the bill also expands the scope of a defendant s application to include a comparison between crime-scene evidence and dna databanks. "dna evidence is so effective and useful for law enforcement that it is simply commonsense to expand the database. this is a tool that has proven effective in both finding those who commit crimes and also for proving the innocence of those who are wrongly accused. we took a step forward last year by expanding the database and this legislation will take this extremely useful tool one step further," stated senator flanagan. the bill was sent to the assembly for further action. to send an e-mail to senator flanagan, please click here . if you would like to receive regular updates from senator flanagan, please click here .
__label__non_math	0.9997	senate medicaid task force targets waste, fraud and abuse new york spends a total of billion a week on medicaid services. new york s medicaid program is larger than the total budgets of forty-three other states. new york s medicaid costs are twice as much as california s program, even though california serves more people. new york also spends more on medicaid than the states of texas, florida, and north carolina combined new york state s current level of spending on medicaid cannot continue. the billions of dollars spent on medicaid services jeopardizes critically needed funding for other badly needed services and continues to drive up the cost of our local property taxes. clearly, immediate action must be taken to reduce the cost of this program. the u.s. government accountability office estimates that as much as percent of all medicaid expenses are the result of fraud. this means that in governor paterson s executive budget proposal, as much as billion could be wasted on fraudulent services this is unacceptable for the state with the largest medicaid program in the nation. we must search out and recover every last dollar of medicaid fraud, waste and abuse to reduce spending and ease the burden on local property taxpayers. we have to take action to ensure our medicaid dollars are not wasted and that they are spent wisely and efficiently to provide services to people who are truly in need. we need to ensure that every cent of taxpayer dollars is accounted for as a member of the new york state senate task force on medicaid fraud and reform, i have worked hard to aggressively investigate what savings can be gained from new york s overburdened medicaid system. after working closely with local and county officials and experts on medicaid fraud prevention, the task force has now released its initial report. this sweeping set of policy recommendations will empower local governments to boost their own medicaid fraud efforts, combat waste and the overuse of services, and save taxpayers up to million a year. members of the task force collected testimony and background information detailing the extent of medicaid fraud in new york. the findings paint a shocking picture of a state medicaid program rife with abuse, costing taxpayers billions of dollars in unnecessary or fraudulent expenditures. there was the brooklyn dentist who billed medicaid for 991 procedures in a single day - - even pulling and filling all teeth on one patient - - as well as a physician who prescribed ,000 in medicaid benefits even though she had in the bank, several luxury cars, a million dollar home and two properties in florida. we need to give prosecutors the authority to go after criminals like these who are stealing billions in tax dollars and give local governments the tools they need to prevent any more fraud from happening. our counties know what works in the medicaid program and what doesn't, and where there may be areas of fraud and abuse. unfortunately, despite the fact that they are on the front lines of the medicaid program, county officials have repeatedly said the state inhibits their ability to stop fraud at the local level. senate task force recommendations include: give counties back the tools to determine if a medicaid applicant is truly eligible. the state budget, which i strongly opposed and voted against, eliminated the eligibility requirements for county-conducted face-to-face interviews, finger-imaging and asset tests for medicaid applicants. these safeguards need to be reinstated immediately allow localities to perform credit checks and real property searches on medicaid applicants to prevent fraud. empower counties to keep more tax dollars that are lost to medicaid fraud and waste to offset local costs and reinvest in staff and technology to fight fraud. wherever possible, substitute less expensive generic drugs for name brands just doing this could save taxpayers million. require medicaid recipients to choose a primary doctor and pharmacist, similar to managed care plans. install a voice-activated time card system for personal care workers. this system is already in place in new york city and has saved billion in time card abuse and reduced personal care hours putting it in place statewide could save billions. allow district attorneys to prosecute cases of medicaid fraud and abuse by health care providers. currently all cases of provider fraud are referred to the state attorney general. allowing for local prosecution would reduce the amount of time and state resources to prosecute these cases. over the next few months, i will work closely with my senate colleagues to implement these reforms to crack down on medicaid fraud. by working together, we can implement a cost-effective and efficient method of delivering medicaid services to our seniors and individuals who are most in need, while also lessening the burden on the taxpayer.
__label__non_math	1.0000	we've rearranged the desks in the classroom, so the page you're looking for may have a new location at nysut.org. here are some options. search. try the search box at the top of the page. browse. use the navigation at the bottom of the page. contact us. you can also reach us with questions or comments about the website at email, or visit the contact page for phone and email contact information of specific nysut departments.
__label__non_math	1.0000	reconciliation among the ruins by alexander coleman; alexander coleman teaches and writes on latin american literature at new york university. published: the house of the spirits by isabel allende. translated by magda bogin. 368 pp. new york: alfred a. knopf. .. with this spectacular first novel, isabel allende becomes the first woman to join what has heretofore been an exclusive male club of latin american novelists. not that she is the first contemporary female writer from latin america i think immediately, for instance, of luisa valenzuela and cristina peri rossi - but she is the first woman to approach on the same scale as the others the tormented patriarchal world of traditional hispanic society and to argue that the enraged class violence in latin america is a debate among men who are not only deaf but who have fixed and unalterable ideas on all subjects. and she has done all this in an absorbing and distinguished work that matches her predecessors' in quality as well as scope. her world, like that in the novels of the male writers who have preceded her, is a world ruled by men. it is haunted by the figure of the hyperbolic macho, an authoritarian force in the family and in the national political structure. such a man glories in his ability to command submission, to flaunt his gigantic ambition, usually at the immediate expense of the women who surround him. for miss allende, this reality is already written in the social history of the latin american past and cannot now easily be given another direction. as she said in a recent interview with marjorie agosin in the journal imagine: ''i wanted to show that life goes in a circle, events are intertwined, and that history repeats itself, there is no beginning and no end.'' that does sound a bit like the philosophy of history that governs the bleak final meaning of all of gabriel garcia marquez's novels, but miss allende is in no sense fatalistically resigned to the phenomenon of violence in latin america. quite the contrary - ''the house of the spirits'' is a novel of peace and reconciliation, in spite of the fact that it tells of bloody, tragic events. the author has accomplished this not only by plumbing her memory for the familial and political textures of the continent, but also by turning practically every major latin american novel on its head. rarely has a new novel from latin america consciously or unconsciously owed more to its predecessors; equally rare is the original utterance coming out of what is now a collective literary inheritance. in ways that north american literature over the years has never had to face, latin american literature has been and still is a kind of writing directly related to social concerns. it has a sense of mission that puts estheticism in its rightful place. more often than not, pace jorge luis borges, the writer has a political function within his culture as voice for freedom and social justice. gabriel garcia marquez's ''one hundred years of solitude,'' generally regarded - with justification - as the big daddy of the contemporary latin american novel, was not just the family saga of the buendias, but had larger ambitions as an epic tale of the founding, rise and decline of the family and of the mythical region of macondo. although the language employed had a rich, all-encompassing luminosity, the book carried considerable political resonance; it articulated a new history of the continent, so many civil wars for various liberal causes, all nobly fought and most ignominiously lost. t here are many variants on such grand ''imaginative biographies'' in individual national literatures. the novels of the chilean jose donoso, for instance, in such works as ''the obscene bird of night,'' give us a more marked urban setting, containing telling descriptions of the ''upstairs-downstairs'' world of the ancient family manse. his novels often bring us into the world of metaphorical class conflict, fearsome encounters between a dominant oligarchy and the lower classes - peasants or servants, the underdog rebels against the emotional and political tyranny of the rich. the ''big house'' is a constant in contemporary latin american letters, for it signifies the class structure of an entire continent. carlos fuentes and juan rulfo of mexico and mario vargas llosa of peru have written on the theme as well. isabel allende combines this central theme of latin american fiction with autobiography in complex ways. she is the niece of salvador allende gossens, the president of chile last seen alive on , wearing a helmet and with a pistol in his hand while the tanks and soldiers of gen. augusto pinochet surrounded the presidential palace in santiago. before the coup, she was a popular journalist who specialized in barbed ridicule of the male establishment. she was close to her uncle - he stood in for her father at her wedding. after the coup, she and her husband spread out a map before them; they chose caracas, venezuela, where she now makes her home with her family. she avoids mentioning her connection to the late president, but the family name, which she has kept, carries tremendous emotional weight as a symbol not only for the chilean cataclysm, but also for the struggle over the definition of social justice in latin america.
__label__non_math	1.0000	dennis sandole, a jazz guitarist and legendary teacher whose students included john coltrane, died on saturday at his home in philadelphia. he was . mr. sandole was when he taught himself to play the guitar; his older brother, adolph, taught himself the baritone saxophone. they began playing together in a neighborhood band in philadelphia, and a decade later, in the early 's, mr. sandole was playing guitar with some of the major swing-era big bands, including those led by charlie barnet, boyd raeburn, tommy dorsey and ray mckinley. while on the west coast in that period, he also recorded film soundtracks and played at studio recording sessions, including several for frank sinatra and billie holiday. in the mid-'s, mr. sandole moved back to philadelphia to write music and to teach at the granoff studios. he was john coltrane's mentor from until the early 's, introducing him to theory beyond chords and scales and exposing him to the music of other cultures. mr. sandole taught advanced harmonic techniques that were applicable to any instrument, using exotic scales and creating his own. his students said that he helped them develop confidence by focusing on their strengths and abilities. his book ''guitar lore'' was published in by the theodore presser company. mr. sandole taught privately until the end of his life, letting his musical career take a back seat to his teaching. his other students over half a century included the saxophonists james moody, michael brecker, rob brown and bobby zankel; the pianists matthew shipp and sumi tonooka; and the guitarists jim hall, joe diorio and pat martino. but he did record some of his own music, including ''modern music from philadelphia,'' recorded with his brother and released by fantasy in . in cadence jazz released another album, ''the dennis sandole project,'' a combination of old trio recordings and parts of ''evenin' is cryin','' a jazz ballet-opera he wrote in the 's and 's. he is survived by a son, dennis jr., of burke, va.; two daughters, denise, of manhattan, and stephanie low of pleasantville, n.j.; three sisters, annette lowe of plymouth meeting, pa.; marie volpe of philadelphia; and rita cavanaugh of broomall, pa.; three grandchildren; and two great-grandchildren.
__label__non_math	0.9999	sometimes it takes an outsider to show the skewed beauty of the city's overlooked outbacks. that is what the swiss-born photographer rudy burckhardt did in the early 's on his ramblings through western queens, then sparsely settled. he photographed rock piles, carless filling stations, crabgrass erupting through sidewalks and children in their rumpled sunday clothes roaming empty streets. burckhardt took 106 of these pictures and put them in two albums. his friend edwin denby, the dance critic and poet, viewed the images and wrote sonnets in response. the poems were published, but the photos were not. ''probably people have seen these albums,'' said sarah hermanson meister, a photography curator at the museum of modern art, which bought them in , six years before burckhardt's death at . the museum will exhibit images and excerpts from the denby sonnets starting saturday at its temporary home at 33rd street and queens boulevard in long island city. burckhardt is also the subject of a new documentary, ''not nude through: a portrait of rudy burckhardt,'' which opened wednesday at the two boots pioneer theater on east third street.
__label__non_math	0.9981	there is no good answer to why timothy stansbury jr. was shot to death by a police officer on a rooftop of the louis armstrong houses in the bedford-stuyvesant neighborhood in brooklyn. mr. stansbury, years old, black and unarmed, was killed when he happened upon two white officers on patrol as he tried to open the door to the roof. this is more than a case of wrong place, wrong time. while the police and the brooklyn district attorney conduct their investigations, the police commissioner, raymond kelly, quickly told the public that the shooting appeared to be unjustified. his announcement is consistent with how previous police missteps have been handled in michael bloomberg's administration -- with an openness that was absent when rudolph giuliani was mayor. no one disputes that mr. stansbury was simply taking a well-traveled route between buildings to make his way to a party. he posed no danger. by all indications, the same cannot be said of the police officer who fired, identified as richard neri jr.
__label__non_math	1.0000	some experts in the real estate industry here have long wondered whether donald j. trump's plans for a glassy, high-end -story hotel and condominium tower along the banks of the chicago river were reality or just some new yorker's fantasy of leaving his mark on this town. it seemed fitting, then, that the next stage of this dream of mr. trump's found its project manager on the finale of a reality television show. mr. trump named bill rancic, who won nbc's ''the apprentice'' on thursday night and had earlier made a living selling cigars on the web, as ''president'' of this million project, which still needs financing, final signoffs from city hall, and demolition of the chicago sun-times building, which sits on the site of the tower-to-be. ''this is a large and sophisticated project, and the job is like being the conductor of an orchestra,'' bruce r. cohen, the chief executive of cohen financial capital management in chicago, observed. ''i don't know how somebody can conduct the chicago symphony orchestra if they've never gone to a concert before, and if they've never played any of the instruments.'' on friday, mr. trump said he was still working out precisely what duties mr. rancic, , would hold as president of the trump international hotel tower, the gleaming project that mr. trump says will become the fourth tallest building in chicago when it is finished in . ''it will be an important job,'' mr. trump said. ''he will be a project manager.'' why entrust such an important-sounding role on a complicated construction project to someone of mr. rancic's experience? for one thing, mr. trump said, mr. rancic will be ''working with a team of highly trained professionals who have done nothing but build buildings their whole lives -- including me.'' and for another, he said, there was simple business to consider as any successful apprentice would surely know : how better to show the world where they can buy sky-high condominiums in chicago's downtown than on a national television broadcast with sky-high ratings? ''i felt that this was a great opportunity to promote a great project,'' mr. trump said. this, mr. trump's first foray into chicago, began bumpily. he and his partner in the project, hollinger international inc., which owns the chicago sun-times and other newspapers, announced three years ago that they planned to build a 150-story tower on the site of the sun-times, a squat and otherwise unimpressive boxlike building on wabash avenue along the architecturally rich chicago river in the heart of downtown. few pretended they would miss the sun-times building all seven stories of it , but mr. trump's dreams of building into the sky -- with the tallest building in the world and, more disturbing to some here, the tallest in chicago -- did not sit well. this is a city that prides itself on its skyline and some here feared that mr. trump might leave a blemish. after the attacks of sept. , the desire for tall buildings vanished and mr. trump's plan shrank. then, early drawings drew scoffs. blair kamin, the architecture critic for the chicago tribune, compared one version to a ''bloated blob of a skyscraper'' and a ''skyline dud.'' eventually, mr. trump's people drew up a new plan, which won more praise from the architectural world, but many doubts from other developers and those who finance buildings here, because of its high prices.
__label__non_math	0.9986	lesson plans and times materials for teaching: the academy awards the film industry film in language arts film in social studies history film in fine arts technology in film lessons on these pages are for grades -, written in consultation with bank street college of education. each one is paired with a times article. learning network features selected times articles on film adaptations resources on the web lessons on the academy awards: the envelope, please investigating the cultural context of oscar-winning films in the past and present and the oscar goes to... examining and creating criteria for oscar-worthy films and the winner is... exploring the role of the academy awards and film in american society lessons on the film industry: creating film festivals that inform and entertain audiences the sundance kids exploring what makes the independent film industry so attractive to so many the raid on raters exploring the current movie rating system minding the media examining ethical questions about media rating systems the reel world exploring the appropriateness of movies for children considering the costs of making movies fit to be tied in examining how companies target the right audiences old hobbits are hard to break learning about the marketing of motion pictures on the web lessons on and with filmmaking: quiet on the set exploring character and conflict development by creating short films drawing upon successful elements of the "harry potter" series to develop short films producing a documentary film spotlighting the everyday sights and sounds of a school creating documentaries about students' everyday lives through the eyes of a child creating documentaries from the perspectives of adolescents creating documentaries about important social issues creating a documentary about rituals related to books creating biographical films for current political candidates' campaigns more power to you creating documentaries about energy sources exploring the pacific rim by writing documentary film treatments lessons using film in language arts: writing movie reviews screening the silver screen writing new york times movie reviews exploring plot similarities in fiction and nonfiction stories constructing movie sets through descriptive writing the battle of good and evil on the big screen a media studies lesson plan if i could talk like the animals. . . teaching personification and narrative writing in the language arts classroom the sorcerers shown comparing similar character genres in literature and film talk about the passion creating an educational guide to encourage critical thinking about the film "the passion of christ" creating vocabulary-rich advertisements to recognize glover's contribution to "happy feet" analyzing similarities and differences among the live, film and written versions of tony award winning productions lessons using film in social studies history: tell me something good analyzing moviegoers' preferences in an economic recession golden globe as gauge exploring how hollywood reflects the american political and cultural climate is all cinema verit ? exploring the relationship between movies and culture los artistas unidos exploring questions of diversity in the casting of actors for popular television shows and movies exploring legislation about violence in the media making sense of censorship clarifying rating systems for entertainment let there be peace exploring the accomplishments of nobel peace prize recipients a woman's worth examining the changing roles of women in cultures around the world lessons using film in fine arts: setting the stage from the page creating original artwork that transforms text to the big screen the art of violence creating original works of art that explore the depiction of violence lyrics of hazzard updating classic music for a movie soundtrack state of the art identifying the merits of a favorite work of art lessons on technology in film: exploring plausible inventions for make-believe movies the new fant-"asia" contrasting animated and live-action filmmaking actors and actresses screen actors guild academy of motion picture arts and sciences sundance film festival tribeca film festival learning network features: student crossword: oscar-winning films news snapshot: best of the bunch news snapshot: hopeful hollywood news snapshot: pop news snapshot: holy box office, batman news snapshot: and the nominees are times movies section times critics' picks times reviews archive the best ,000 movies ever made blog: the carpetbagger interactive graphic: the ebb and flow of movies: box office receipts selected times articles on film adaptations: all right, you try: adaptation isn't easy article by screenwriter stephen schiff on the challenges of adapting source material for film, including susan orlean's "the orchid thief," which became the charlie kaufman film "adaptation." can a film do justice to literature? article about arguments over whether or not ''good literature is too substantial to fit through the lens of a camera.'' the best novelists, the worst movie adaptations article about how great novels don't necessarily translate into great films. any novel can be shaped into a movie article on how some film adaptations, such as the one of "the english patient," are as artistic as the novels they are based on. cuddling up to quasimodo and friends article on film adaptations that are not true to their source material. is it time to trust hollywood? essay by molly haskell that takes a broad look at hollywood's history of book-to-movie adaptations. seen the movie? read the book essay by john updike about adapting literature for film. adapting and revising twain's 'huck finn' essay by book critic michiko kakutani on the difficulties of adapting twain. essay by sophie gee about adaptations of "beowulf" and "paradise lost." romancing the book once again article about hollywood's interest in literary classics. resources on the web: scenarios usa holds an annual topical writing contest to pair student screenwriters in underserved communities with hollywood filmmakers, who turn the students' stories into short films. the scenarios usa web site includes materials for teachers. teacher's guide to making student movies from scholastic teaching resources, designed for grades -. mini movie makers resource for student filmmakers, developed by three young brothers. more resources for teaching with the times: learning network classroom resources on a wide range of topics.
__label__non_math	0.9996	this lesson shows you how to setup and start a new project in sony vegas movie studio. this lesson will show you how to capture your tape into sony vegas movie studio. in this lesson you will learn how to import footage from a tapeless camera in sony vegas movie studio. in this lesson you will learn the basics of putting your movie together. this lesson will show you how to record narration with sony vegas movie studio. tiffany explains the basics of adjusting audio in sony vegas movie studio. francisco teaches you how to export a movie out of final cut to be used in a dvd burning program like idvd, dvd studio pro, or toast. make sure you watch the lesson on how to import the movie with the program that you use. imovie lets you add music, effects, titles, graphics, voiceover and transitions to create a polished looking movie in no time
__label__non_math	1.0000	most networks have some or all of the following characteristics. they are: a group of organizations and or individuals who come together to pursue joint goals or common interests; venues for social action through exchange and mutual learning; sustained through some form of communication; committed to a jointly developed structure and shared responsibility; and they are based on member-ownership and commitment to shared objectives and means of action.
__label__non_math	1.0000	there was only one moment here yesterday when doubt crossed maria sharapova's face during her quest to win the french open title for the first time - and it came moments after completing her --victory over sara errani. "would you please welcome the runner-up," the on-court announcer said at the presentation ceremony. "maria sharapova for a nanosecond the thought seemed to cross sharapova's mind that her victory had been a cruel dream, but errani, an ironic smile on her face, rose to receive her trophy. the world no , the lowest ranked player to reach the final here since the rankings were launched years ago, never looked like stopping sharapova's quest to become the 10th woman to win all four grand slam titles. the russian had too much power and too much experience of the big-match occasion for an opponent who had never previously gone beyond the quarter-finals of a grand slam tournament. four and a half years after winning her last grand slam title, sharapova has completed her comeback in style, her first roland garros title complemented by her return to the no position in world rankings. the -year-old, who has topped the list of the world's highest-earning sportswomen since , hardly needs tennis given her blossoming interests in fashion and business, but has worked tirelessly after spending nine months out of the game following shoulder surgery four years ago. just as impressively, she has learned to master clay, a surface which she once admitted made her feel like "a cow on ice". sharapova described this victory as "surreal, the most unique moment i've experienced in my career". "when i won wimbledon at , i thought that would be the most treasured moment of my career, but when i fell down on my knees today i realised that this was extremely special, and even more so." "i love my work. i love playing tennis. i could have said: 'i don't need this. i have money. i have fame. i have victories. i have grand slams.' but when your love for something is bigger than all those things, you continue to keep getting up in the morning when it's freezing outside." now the russian would love nothing more than to win her second wimbledon title in four weekends' time. asked if winning here might give her inspiration at the all england club, sharapova said: "what do you think? i'm going to retire? this is going to give me so much motivation." errani, who will jump places to no , has proved herself a great battler over the last fortnight, but the italian was all too often overpowered by the russian, who belted winners to her . when sharapova raced into a -lead there were fears of a one-sided contest, but errani demonstrated her fighting spirit, recovering to -and saving two set points when serving at -. but sharapova was not to be denied, converting her third set point in the next game by cracking a backhand winner down the line. the second set followed a similar pattern. sharapova again took the initiative, breaking serve in the opening game, before errani demonstrated some resilience. sharapova broke serve for the fifth and final time to serve for the match at -, though once more her opponent refused to lie down. a superb forehand winner by sharapova when at full stretch set up the first match point, which she failed to convert by hitting a forehand long. an ace created a second, which errani saved with an audacious drop shot. sharapova moved to a third match point with another ace and this time errani's attempted drop shot fell into the net. - independentby paul newman
__label__non_math	1.0000	with team orders not to have a go at each other over the final day, eight-time world champion sebastien loeb had an unchallenged run to the final time-check to win the brother rally new zealand and his third kiwi title in eight years. loeb and his citroen teammate mikko hirvonen had been trading blows over the previous two days with the frenchman edging the finn by .4secs at the close of play on day two. day three was a bit of a damp squib as citroen team principal yves matton had decided that after two days of battling each other, loeb and hirvonen were to play the long game and look at the championship as a whole. "my fifth win of the season means it's going very well for me and i have a good lead now," said loeb. "the car was really strong and the team has done a great job. it was a pleasure to win here in new zealand. the roads are very beautiful and it was a great fight with mikko over some very nice rally roads." hirvonen, who remains second in the race for the title, played it safe to stay on the road and keep the flying petter solberg at bay over the closing stages of the rally. "sebastien and i had an amazing fight over the first two days and i just wanted to bring the car home safely on the last day," said hirvonen. "fair play to him, loeb . i just couldn't beat him this weekend and had to settle for second place this time." solberg was content with his third place at round seven of the fia wrc event, as he knew he could not make up the 1min 26secs gap to hirvonen on the last day of the rally. "it's a great feeling as it's been a long, hard rally," said solberg. "i'm a little bit disappointed with what happened on the first day wrong tyre choice . it's good to be on the podium and good points for the team." jari-matti latvala's chances of defending his new zealand title came to an end when he got tangled in a farmer's fence on day one, dropping over four minutes on the leaders. once he had his confidence back latvala was soon flying again and at times setting the fastest stage times and finished seventh overall. "i'm quite all right now and i'm pleased i managed to win the power stage and get the three extra points," said latvala. "i'm happy as i found the speed again and we did some testing in preparation for the next rally in finland." after a steady second day, following the dramas of day one when his gearbox quit on him, new zealander hayden paddon struggled a bit on the last day. overnight his team had experimented with changing the dampeners to find a bit more speed but it was to no avail. however, such was paddon's commanding -minute lead over his nearest challenger in the s2000 class that his category win was never in doubt. the kiwi now leads the s2000 championship. "a good result but that's about as much as you can say about the weekend," said paddon. "it's been a difficult weekend and we had a few more problems today. there's still a bit to work on with the car and maybe we have to get someone in with a bit of experience on these cars to help us a bit more." richard mason completed a wire-to-wire win in the domestic new zealand rally championship to extend his lead over emma gilmour and matt jansen in the title race after four rounds. "it's been a long hard rally for us really and we've had a few small issues with the car," said a relieved mason. "overall it's been a fantastic weekend and just one more rally to go so we're close to getting it the championship in the bag." . sebastien loeb, citroen - 145 . mikko hirvonen, citroen - 107 . petter solberg, ford - . mads osberg, ford - . jari-matti latvala, ford -
__label__non_math	0.9998	retailers are facing a constant battle to compete with online stores. the drop in the us dollar means there are hundreds of bargains on american sites such as amazon and ebay. eric faesenkloet, chairman of leading new zealand chain golf warehouse, says he has to drop prices almost every day to compete with online bargains. "it's very difficult for retailers in new zealand, so how we maintain our position is by our service and a good range of products." faesenkloet said he had hired a full-time worker to keep an eye on online retailers and warned consumers of hidden fees on imports, such as gst. if the price converts to more than .are added to the total. products such as clothing and jewellery may incur an extra duty fee of -per cent. this month, the herald on sunday gave examples of products that were cheaper online than in kiwi stores. in some cases, gst and other fees were not included in the total. a callaway diablo octane driver was cheaper from the golf warehouse than united states site golfsmith when fees were added.
__label__non_math	0.9999	a meeting between financial advisor david ross and the receivers of his troubled business has borne little fruit. ross, a wellington-based businessman, was released from hospital on wednesday after receiving compulsory treatment under the mental health act. although 900 clients of his firm, ross asset management, believed their investments were worth almost million of assets in the ross group of companies. in a statement, pwc said that they met with ross yesterday afternoon but this has not lead them to a discovery of any of the assets of "significant value". "based on this meeting, the receivers and managers do not expect to locate any further assets of significant value within the ross group in receivership . the receivers and managers acknowledge this will be extremely disappointing news for investors," pwc said. pwc were appointed to manage the ross group of companies after investors complained to the financial markets authority. the receivers are pushing to have the companies put into liquidation are due to appear in the high court on monday to discuss the next steps for the group.
__label__non_math	0.9995	liquor industry executives have met justice minister judith collins and urged her to quash a law change which will ban the sale of high-strength "alcopops" in bottle stores. managing directors from heavyweight drinks companies bacardi, jim beam, brown-forman and diageo were invited to the beehive on monday to discuss the alcohol reforms due to return to parliament this month. they have told mrs collins that policy which restricted the sale of ready-to-drink rtd beverages unfairly targeted one part of the industry and threatened to breach international trade rules. the alcohol reform bill bans off-licence stores from selling rtds with more than per cent alcohol content and more than .standard drinks per container. distilled spirits association chief thomas chin said the fact senior members of four corporations had met the minister highlighted the industry's opposition to the amendment. "you can well imagine what's at stake for their respective businesses. we're talking about the highest-ranking officers - it demonstrates how serious the policy threat is to the businesses." mr chin said the policy undermined the closer economic relations and the transtasman mutual recognition trade agreements, both of which aimed to streamline trade between australia and new zealand. the ministry of justice notified the world trade organisation wto last month that its new policy could affect trade in alcohol products with per cent to per cent alcohol content. mrs collins said alerting the wto was standard: "this does not mean we believe our proposals to restrict rtds would breach any trade rules - in fact the exact opposite is the case." in may, the minister said there was a growing concern about sweet-tasting drinks that were high in alcohol. in the law commission report the reforms were based on, the commission said the most common drinkers of rtds were to -year-olds, in particular women. mr chin said the industry already self-regulated by setting a cap of two standard drinks per bottle. independent liquor estimated rtds made up per cent of the total alcohol market in new zealand by volume. up to 180 million alcopops were sold in new zealand each year, and more than half of these had an alcohol content of per cent or more. most sales were believed to be in off-licence stores such as convenience stores, supermarkets and bottle shops. the government initially proposed restricting all rtds to no more than per cent alcohol content. but this was later amended to per cent, with higher-strength drinks permitted in restaurants and bars. labour party justice spokesman charles chauvel said it was important that policy focused on rtds and cheap wine because research showed they were common choices for young binge drinkers. "any further watering down will simply mean parliament is wasting our time with alcohol law reform, in our view." no restriction of strength of alcopops in bottle shops. ban alcopops with a strength of more than per cent alcohol from bottle shops. alcohol companies say the proposal will undermine international trade agreements.by isaac davison email isaac
__label__non_math	0.9972	135 housing nz homes in auckland worth more than each some tenants of million-dollar state homes in some of auckland's most exclusive suburbs are paying just a week in rent. the herald has been given a list of all housing new zealand stock worth more than . of the tally of 135, all of which are in auckland, are in westmere and in orakei. all but four are in suburbs where prices have soared in the past year. sixteen are worth more than a week in income-tested rent, and another three paying and respectively. if sold off for their combined value of 400,000 could be purchased, which the opposition said would help ease the corporation's housing shortage. just over people are on the waiting list for homes. housing nz would not give the homes' addresses for privacy reasons, but the herald used quotable value to locate and visit a handful. five homes worth million or more, in orakei, ponsonby, westmere and freemans bay, were surrounded by million-dollar renovations and had large sections and views of the city - some of the harbour. but they were in poor condition, with holes in the exterior, graffiti on fences and sections littered with rubbish. the most expensive was a .million property in takitimu st in orakei. but it is likely to be sold soon, as the herald revealed yesterday that one of the tenants, michelle hawke, had been convicted of benefit fraud. another property was a million or more. monkeys can be heard shrieking from the auckland zoo, which is one road over, and the section looks out over the waitemata harbour. maria tutai, , has lived at the home with her partner and four of their children, aged between and , for seven years. the cafe worker said she had been living in te atatu but the rent became too dear. housing nz helped her to live closer to st joseph's catholic school, where she went as a girl and wanted to send her own children. she pays about a week. when told her home was one of the most expensive, ms tutai said: "i had an idea because of the view and everything and everyone was renovating around here." labour's housing spokeswoman, annette king, said the homes should be sold. "a place that's worth .million could provide three houses. i have no problem with state house tenants being rehoused into another house, a suitable house, if it's going to enable more families to be housed." sean bignell of housing nz said it usually looked at selling homes worth more than when they became vacant, but occasionally looked at selling tenanted properties. "we recently transferred an auckland tenant so we could sell the house as it was next door to another vacant state house and when sold together the combined value was higher than if sold separately." mr bignell said the department's total stock was worth .billion and, at august , it had ,349 houses nationally and ,547 in auckland. state homes among the most expensive in nz takitimu st, orakei .million, weatherboard on 1535sq m savage st, westmere .million, 1940s weatherboard on 1568sq m trinity st, ponsonby .million, pre- weatherboard on 619sq m .million, pre- weatherboard on 458sq m beresford st west, freemans bay .million, pre- weatherboard on 484sq m
__label__non_math	0.9972	of the approximately 150 chinese paintings in this collection guide, the majority were originally collected by uc berkeley professor emeritus james cahill and the cahill family. the cahill family collections, known historically as the ching y an chai collection, are arguably among the finest in the western united states, representing virtually every period of chinese painting over the last 900 years. the collections consist of works from the sung, y an, ming, and ch'ing dynasties, including major figure paintings and bird-and-flower paintings. the greatest strength, however, is landscape paintings. considered the highest category of painting in china, the landscape embodies the ideals of the confucian scholar. this is the area of chinese art in which we find the most daring experiments, the greatest developments, and the most intense art historical scrutiny. of the university of california, berkeley art museum, please address inquiries to rights and reproductions, fax number: 510-642-.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the chiyo thomas telford papers contain correspondence, memorabilia and photographs from the world war ii period, when telford was with the american red cross in the philippines, to the early 1950s. principal correspondents include elbert d.thomas, her father and senator from utah , and claude s. snow, a friend. the memorabilia include personal and world war the collection is arranged in three series: correspondence, miscellaneous materials and photographs and sketches chiyo thomas telford was born on , in japan. her parents were mormon missionaries. her father, elbert duncan thomas, served as united states senator from utah , chairman of the senate military affairs committee and high commissioner for the pacific islands trust territory . .linear feet archives boxes publication rights are held by the creator of the collection.
__label__non_math	0.9999	porch, deck, patio, storage square footage, etc. customer reviews of this oakland house plans.com home design: this was the best move we could had made we reached our goal in paying off our property. we looked up house plans and found our custom builder. this was the best move we could had made we could not have designed a better home ourselves.. this designer had the floor plan we were looking for. we could not have designed a better home ourselves. thank you. first floor: ,888 sq. ft. living front porch: 186 sq. ft. unheated rear porch: 160 sq. ft. unheated garage storage: 646 sq. ft. unheated if optional bonus room included 316 sq. ft. looking for a basement foundation version of this plan? see house plan oklndhp- looking for a smaller version of this plan? see house plan oklndhp- this well-designed plan provides many amenities that you would expect to find in a much larger home. the master suite features a wonderful bathroom with large walk-in closet. this plan also features a fourth bedroom with private bath, which is perfect for a guest room. the great room has gas logs as well as built-in cabinets and ' ceilings that make it a great place to relax and spend time with family and friends. the rear covered porch provides a great space for those summer cookouts as well as being close to the kitchen. the always popular bonus room provides an excellent space for storage or future expansion. the two car garage features space for real-sized vehicles. this plan is the perfect solution to your family's needs. living sq. ft: unheated sq. ft.: total sq. ft.: width: ft. - in. depth: ft. - in. foundation type s available: slab crawlspace basement number of cars: brick siding sec. roof pitch: ft. - in. main ceiling height: ft. house plan packages cad file set: pdf file set: if you don't see what you're looking for i.e. foundation types, materials lists, house plan options, etc , call us at or email us at . right-reading reverse set: mirror reverse floorplan: color rendering : call for details would you like to send this plan to your...husband? wife? friends? parents? we provide an easy and quick way to do just that. simply complete the below form and click "send". that's it optional foundation types optional slab foundation : call for details optional crawlspace foundation : call for details optional basement foundation : optional walkout basement foundation : call for details optional daylight basement foundation : call for details optional other foundation : call for details additional house plan images 1st floor plan: 2nd floor plan: other house plan images: want to see even more reasons why people choose oakland house plans.com over all other home designers? our experience with this designer was a home buyers dream... our experience with this designer was a home buyers dream. we found a plan we liked, made the adjustments that best fit our family, and never had a bad experience in the process. we have had people from our subdivision and others, as well as people from out of state, stop us in our yard to ask about the house and where we purchased our plan. thank you for making the home building experience magnificent the property has been in his family for five generations, so we wanted to pick the perfect plan for the farm. luckily, we found that plan at this site. we are newly married and have a new baby. our rental house was small and we needed more space. we really like the fact that the kitchen and dining are open to the living room. also, the master is on the opposite side of the house from the kids rooms. after several years of renting, we decided to build on my husband's family property. the property has been in his family for five generations, so we wanted to pick the perfect plan for the farm. luckily, we found that plan with this designer. the house is underway and we look forward to spending our lives in our new home. thank you we absolutely love our new home. this has been the happiest months of our lives my husband and i purchased some land a few years back while we were dating. we began saving and finally paid off our land. we got married two years ago and couldn't wait to build our first home as husband and wife. we each lived in apartments before and there was no room and we were throwing our money away. we finally saved enough money to start building our dream home. we started the process and then another delay set us back. due to all the hurricanes we have had over the years, more precautions and requirements were put into affect. we live in lake charles, louisiana, right down the road from grand lake and our land was now in a high wind zone. this meant that we would have to come up with more money to add brackets to the structure of the house. this also meant paying someone to add these brackets to the house plans. so we saved and saved and finally last november we started building our home. it was a slow start but before we knew it we were in our first home as husband and wife we have truly been blessed to find the perfect plans for us. with this house we can now start our family together. this house has allowed us to start our lives together. we thank god everyday for our new home and allowing us the opportunity to find and build the perfect home i would and do recommend house plan gallery to all my friends that are looking to build a home. i also have a good friend that i did tell about house plan gallery and she built a similiar home to ours. thanks for allowing us to use your plan and we would highly recommend your company to anyone interested i grew up in the western part of north carolina and left home after graduating from high school. my job moved me around for several years and my family and i finally settled down in charlotte, nc and eventually i started my own business there. i always had a desire to return to my roots and build a home back there for when i retired. i had been single for a few years and upon returning home for a school reunion in , i met an old friend that i had not seen in over years. she had retired and moved "back home" the end of . we started dating and before long we realized we were meant to be together. that is when i got busy on house plans. i looked at "many" house plans, but kept going back to this particular one of yours. we both agreed this was the perfect one. it had plenty of open space and was laid out just the way we wanted. we like the master bedroom with the large bath and walk-in closet which we changed to one big closet instead of his and hers and the other bedrooms on the other end of the house. my favorite parts of this house plan are the open space in the living area, and the really functional floorplan layout. it fits our needs perfectly... we started clearing the land in february, , and we were married in march. we had a very good builder and things just fell right into place. all the lumber in the house came off my land. we made a few minor changes, such as extending the front bedroom out and the porch a few feet wider. the plans were so easily followed, the builder had no problem at all. we made the hour trip weekly from charlotte to help work on the house. on , we moved in and spent our first christmas together in our dream house. the house sits upon a hill that overlooks the smokey mountains and we can see as far as tennessee. i am retiring soon and we look forward to sitting on our porch and enjoying the view and our new home. thanks for allowing us to use your plan and we would highly recommend your company to anyone interested we are blown away with the excellence and thoroughness of the work that has been done... dear friends, we got in early this morning to start sending the plans out for bidding and after reviewing the most recent modifications of certain design, we felt we truly needed to take the time to write you this letter. your team has been such a pleasure to work with and we are blown away with the excellence and thoroughness of the work that has been done. the specs on how we want our concrete done, the span of lumber charts, the details on the cabinets, etc., is unbelievable. your plans are the true example of excellence. that is so rarely seen anymore in residential work or even commercial work anymore tim and debbie c. developers, lakeside at cross creek, camdenton, mo... we love our home we will definately recommend this designer.. we're so happy
__label__non_math	1.0000	oakley and onesight team up to give the gift of sight to elementary school kids in santa ana, calif. the dark-haired fifth grader can t believe what she s seeing. well, actually, april garnica can t believe what she wasn t seeing just minutes prior. bob burnquist, the legendary big air skateboarder, is kneeling at the girl s side, beaming as she pulls her black-framed eyeglasses away from her eyes and then puts them back on. the difference is stunning. she looks around the auditorium, surrounded by other martin elementary school kids who are going through the same eye tests she did earlier in the day. she reads signs and notices details that were previously blurry. burnquist, who delivered the glasses to april as part of the onesight program, has helped to give her the gift of sight. in a couple days, dew tour city championships oct. - starts up in san francisco. greg lutzka will be there. he s spending his days as he always has: skating, skating and skating. be it in his backyard mini-ramp or trying to find spots around town before the police roll in he s constantly working to improve his craft.
__label__non_math	0.9998	road to france: star cyclist levi leipheimer claims victory at the tour of switzerland it didn t look like he was gonna take it. but oakley star cyclist levi leipheimer clipped rival damiano cunego for a grand overall victory at the tour de suisse after charging back from a two-minute deficit in the final stage s individual time trial. finishing off in hours, minutes, seconds, he edged the yellow jersey-holding cunego, who finished four seconds behind. with the successful result, levi moves into the top . fellow oakley athlete fabian cancellara smashed his way to his own win around the -mile circuit in the ninth stage complementing an impressive time trial triumph on the first day. the awesome showing in switzerland by oakley s chargers is a good sign for the coming big kahuna on the horizon: the tour de france. keep your eye out for our cyclists as they pump their way to potential glory in france
__label__non_math	0.9932	after sleeping through much of the previous day, the party members are up bright and early. with their agendas now clear, they are free to concentrate on shopping and all their other business that they travelled halfway across a subsector to do. max s job for the day is to get the best price he can for the princess s air raft. arvor is going to call around grav vehicle customizers to order a grav van which meets all their needs. will investigates cybernetic companies to find one with a good reputation which can see both him and max as soon as possible. by mid-afternoon, arvor has located a company that can customize a van exactly how they would like for cr. 786,850. delivery should be in two to three weeks. arvor takes the shuttle down to glisten city to pay a deposit and sign the contract. grim goes with him to check out the mechanics and engineers at the company to insure the job will be done well. max comes back late afternoon looking glum. glisten must be the worst place within two subsectors for trying to sell a collacian air raft, he explains. glistenites think that they are primitive and it s hard to get spare parts for them. i won t tell you what i was offered for it because it s an insult. better to keep it for the moment and sell it on some low-tech planet where it should fetch a much better price. so we might as well divvy up the cash right now if we re keeping it for the moment. right, so after payment for the grav apc and will s medikit that leaves cr. ,520,658. i was hoping that we would leave mcr. .in the kitty, but there s not enough now. hopefully a mill should be enough to get us through though. i won t be spending all my personal cash anyway so can lend the trading fund some cash later if needs be. he divides out the cash. so that s cr 100k each per share. i called the local branch of new you, will says. they can see us later this evening for a pre-med where they will tell us how long it should take both of us to recover. they can fit renee with a new leg at the same time. what about you, jie? will asks. are you joining us? jie looks uncertain. well i guess it won t hurt just to meet with him. will resuscitates renee but, not really wanting to go into lengthy explanations right now as to where she is, who they are and why one of her limbs has gone missing, he gives her a shot of medical fast to keep her knocked out a while longer. will, max and jie head down to see the head surgeon at new you. he examines the three of them carefully and tests them to see how dexterous they are to start with. he looks mightily underwhelmed when the results of the tests come through. mr. shaunnessy, i foresee no major problems with your upgrade. you should be fine and fully trained-up inside days. but, mr. fowler you re quite a heavy smoker, aren t you? yes, max confirms. but what s that got to do with anything? i m afraid you ve got quite a bad case of lung cancer, the doctor replies. i highly recommend that we whip those out and give you a couple of new ones before it spreads. oh bollocks, max says. i suppose you re right. so how much more is that going to cost and how long in total before i m all fixed up with everything? another cr. 100k for the lungs and, in total, it will take you days to be fighting fit again. awww crap, says max with disappointment. he looks over at the others: oh well, glisten is a big place. i m sure you ll find some way of amusing yourself for three weeks while i am still recovering.
__label__non_math	1.0000	oc and tealridge retirement community celebrate years tealridge retirement community in edmond is celebrating its 22nd anniversary june at p.m. the event will honor the founders of tealridge, known as the breakfast club, who developed the plan for the retirement community over breakfast on saturdays. tealridge is owned by oklahoma christian university. harry patterson, jr., a member of the oklahoma christian board of trustees and owner of the patterson auto group, will honor his late father, one of the original breakfast club members, with a gift to tealridge and a bust of his dad. in addition, joe dodson, an oklahoma christian lifetime trustee, will be honored. speakers at the event include current oklahoma christian president john desteiguer, former oklahoma christian president kevin jacobs and oklahoma christian board member and oklahoma county commissioner ray vaughn, a member of the breakfast club. one of the charter members still residing at tealridge, wilma mcdonald, will be honored as well. the evening promises to be one filled with memorable stories. residents at the christian retirement community work out for free in the university s fitness center, enjoy plays, concerts, musicals and special guest speakers on campus, attend basketball and baseball games and even take undergraduate classes.
__label__non_math	0.9987	bits pieces miss s poses intriguing question for readers published: saturday, at a.m. last modified: friday, at p.m. there is a reader who lives in a small town here in beautiful marion county who has a question for readers. however, there is a bit of a problem: even though she would dearly love to hear responses from other readers about her question, she s afraid of having her name revealed. she said to do so might destroy her peaceful existence in an otherwise nice, quiet, quaint little town and no, it s definitely not ocala she s referring to. i normally require names for letters but, in this case, due to the sensitive nature of the request, i ve decided perhaps i ll let her slide. miss s, as i ll refer to her, wrote: i do have a very good question at least i think so , but would be very embarrassed if you printed it with my name. and here is my question: why do men have nipples? what possible purpose do they serve? we know why women have them for breast-feeding but why do men have them? well, miss s, i don t rightly know. i ll have to pass that question on to the chief engineer in charge of human design, but i could give you my opinion, if you would allow. just because god gave mankind something, he doesn t necessarily require that they use it. take, for example, brains and intellect. everyone has a brain, but it s as easy as breathing air to find someone, perhaps many someones, not using their brains at all. in fact, i ve been accused of that very thing myself, and more times than i should admit question of the day: ok, readers, care to take a crack at this one? what purpose do male nipples serve? and please remember, this is a family newspaper good people: ocala s diane sistrunk wrote: i would like to give a great big thank you to the lady who found my car keys and turned them into belk s last saturday. handicap placard: ocala s john laplante wrote: the handicap placard, whether temporary red or permanent blue, indicates the possessor has convinced a doctor or a health care professional and the florida department of motor vehicles that they have some sort of disability, be it heart, lung, limb, whatever and that negotiating long distances by any means is a hardship, hence, handicapped parking access. the placard indicates a disability, but what more than percent of the drivers cannot understand or will not obey are instructions clearly printed on every handicap placard issued in the united states to remove from view while driving. now, is this ignorance or belligerence? either way, it restricts the driver s view. also, how many scofflaws are driving the highways with a deceased spouse, relative or companion s placard that is not rightfully theirs, yet they continue to display it like a badge of honor? wonder why your insurance rates are high? horse fever: paddock park south s peg floyd wrote: just a brief note to ask if perhaps the paper could run a map of where the latest group of painted horses are set up. i never got to go to see them all, and now that they are with new owners, i wondered if the owners would allow us to go and view them. peg, that information has been published. you can find it at: and you can type horse fever into the search box at ocala.com for archived information on the project. post office: sparr s lauren scott wrote: i live off 329, two miles from sparr lumber on the corner of jacksonville road and 329. because i am so close to sparr lumber, why in the world do i have an anthony mailing address? sparr elementary is a mile away, yet anthony elementary is six miles away. lauren, your mailing address names the town where the post office is located that handles delivered mail for your area. my mailing address is ocala, but i live in marion oaks. when i lived in florida highlands, my mailing address was dunnellon. i ve never actually lived within the city limits of either ocala or dunnellon. send comments to firstname.lastname and include your full name and town. this column appears each tuesday, thursday and saturday and online at . this copyrighted material may not be re-published without permission. links are encouraged.
__label__non_math	1.0000	st. john basketball teams headed to indiana published: wednesday, at a.m. last modified: wednesday, at a.m. the -grade boys and girls basketball teams from st. john are headed to valparaiso. the talented teams each earned one of invitations to the national lutheran basketball tournament of champions held at valparaiso university ind. after advancing from the central florida lutheran athletic association to compete in the state tournament, where both took runner-up spots after overtime losses in the finals. oh it s great, said coach john westol, who is in his 34th year at the helm of the boys program. both teams have had really, really good years. last year we didn t have a -grade girls team because there weren t enough girls that were interested in playing, so to finish second in the state and go - greg bartram is the coach, and he s done a fantastic job. the experience is sure to be a new and exciting one for all the players involved and even first-year coach bartram, who played college ball at penn state and coached at the aau level for several years, but it s something that the school itself and westol have experienced many times in the past the boys team, which last qualified in , will be making the trek to indiana for the 11th time and the girls, who last appeared in , will be making the trip for the fifth time. we had a great practice today the boys did and you can just tell the excitement is there, westol said. none of them have ever been. we had some seventh graders who played last year and we had a really good season last year we just didn t have enough. but, we got some new kids this year and they were pointing toward it. with a bit of downtime wedged in between the season s end and the saints official invite, both teams have sought help from their high school counterparts in order to remain crisp out on the floor and keep the edge that many of the teams they are set to face will exhibit. we have been practicing two days a week, scrimmaging, we ve scrimmaged some other groups high school kids, you know, now that basketball season is over they come in and work against us, said westol, whose boys have compiled a -record this season. it s pretty much just trying to keep sharp and stay fresh. the tricky part is that the schools up north, because most of the schools are from the midwest, their seasons are just finishing. but, you know, that just goes with the territory. regardless of anything that bartram or westol could throw at their players to help gear them up for play at the national level, westol knows from first-hand experience that the end result depends on bracket formation just as much as team preparedness. in our team finished second in the whole tournament, he said. and a lot of the times, as with any tournament, it s the luck of the draw. it just depends on who you play and how you match up with them and so on. in the end, for westol, it won t really matter how many games the saints come back with in the win column or what the final scores are. what will matter the most is that his kids will come back with the experience of a lifetime. it s a great experience, he said. i m so thankful that the kids are able to experience this. we re obviously the only school in the area that offers this opportunity, basketball-wise, for kids to go as a team, you know, you have aau tournaments and so on, but that s not a school, it s different and so it s really neat. both teams will taste their first bit of action during friday s first round. the girls will take on pilgrim lutheran of minneapolis, while the boys will battle risen savior lutheran out of mankato minn. . . this copyrighted material may not be re-published without permission. links are encouraged.
__label__non_math	1.0000	community developments investments february the u.s. department of the treasury offers a state small business credit initiative resource center with information on each of the state programs, news and announcements, and other helpful resources. the u.s. department of the treasury has compiled a list of state programs funded by the ssbci. because providing capital to entrepreneurs is a crucial part of the economy, the occ encourages banks to learn more about how the state small business credit initiative can work for them. the office of the comptroller of the currency occ offers a state small business credit initiative ssbci resource directory that provides quick access to internal and external resources on the program. the occ, the other federal financial regulatory agencies, and the conference of state bank supervisors have adopted a policy statement on meeting the credit needs of creditworthy small business borrowers reiterating policies and expectations for prudent lending. read a letter from john c. lyons jr., occ senior deputy comptroller and chief national bank examiner, to illinois governor pat quinn concerning regulatory oversight of financial institutions using funding provided by the ssbci. renewing economic growth: small business jobs act of , the june issue of the occ s community developments investments newsletter, explores three main features of the act, describing the programs and provisions and explaining the requirements. an occ faq page provides answers about regulatory issues concerning the ssbci. the occ s district community affairs officers can provide more information. they are working to help raise awareness of the ssbci programs among lenders and they welcome hearing about new areas of outreach.
__label__non_math	0.9998	tau'uta plays its final match in round tau'uta plays its final match in round . drawing close to the end of the prc cup competition for tau'uta reds will play there final match here in teufaiva park on friday 16th of may. last year was a successful year for the tau'uta red but some how their start this year was very disappointing losing their first game to the defending champions 'upolu samoa. they also suffered from their first time lost to the tautahi gold team and missing out on a crucial bonus point when they miss a conversion in front of the goal post. after their first two losses in a row they were determined to regroup and start over. it seem like they had it right against the fiji baba but suffered from a late try and cost them that game. it seems like all hope had gone down the drain before going in to round . with the convincing win against the fiji warriors coming from behind to win that game was a great achievement for the boys. "we still have a change to show how great our team can be". sione fetuani tau'uta reds. they will plays there last game for sure this weekend and the focus for the tau'uta reds is to finish on a high note going after savai'i samoa who are here to secure a spot on the final. this match is a do or die for the savai'i samoa team a win will secure them a final spot and a loss will see them out of intention. savai'i samoa have high hopes but still have to jump over the last heddle this weekend. stan to omalatai will be travelling with his side to tonga confident, this week, after a thrilling victory against fellow countrymen at apia park last week. the less fancied savaii samoa side showed plenty of spirit against the star studded upolu outfit, and were rewarded, courtesy of a last minute try by manu samoa captain semo sititi. it was great to cross that line , and to be part of the pacific rugby cup action says a sititi. i was surprised with level of intensity during the game, and will be looking forward to the reds this week . savaii samoa were able to dominate their counterparts up front, which paved the way for an upset win. we wanted this badly, and that was the difference between the two sides said stan to omalatai, head coach for savaii. however, like upolu samoa, to omalatai will travel to tonga without key forward no.alafoti faosiliva, who has been a revelation for savaii from the back of the scrum. reupena levasa who has been dangerous for savaii at centre, will also not be travelling to tonga. both players will be flying out to london with the samoa s team for the irb sevens series. to omalatai is confident however, that his younger charges will do the job against the reds at teufaiva this week. this is what rugby is all about, it s about making the most of your opportunities, and having to cope with these circumstances as a coach, the players will be ready to omalatai will have some comfort however, with semo sititi in the team, who will be invaluable for the younger players. the reds at home will be very tough, will can t afford to lose focus against them, as they will try to intimidate us with their physical play, which has been their trademark this year says to omalatai. but, like last week, the team that wants it win the most will be rewarded . a win for savaii samoa at teufaiva will put them in stead for a final berth, should upolu samoa beat tautahi gold in samoa. savaii samoa will face a daunting task against the tauuta reds at teufaiva stadium this week, who will be playing for pride this weekend at home and will be wanting to finish their pacific rugby cup campaign with a win against the samoans. like apia park , teufaiva stadium in tonga will be the sight for the first battle between two rival nations this week.
__label__non_math	0.9988	provisional win for ericsson in vor the volvo ocean race is not over yet, but ericsson has already amassed enough points to all but assure their victory. despite finishing third in leg between marstrand and stockholm the team has a -point lead over second-place challenger puma, with only points possible in the remaining leg of the race. from isaf's sailing.org: the final podium spot went to ericsson , which ensures her overall victory in the volvo ocean race . although there is still one leg left to complete before the team crosses the finish for the final time in st petersburg on june, it is now not possible for them to be beaten. skipper grael said, "we are finishing ericsson 's circumnavigation. the boat was built here and left here nearly a year ago, so she's back after sailing around the world and winning the race. it couldn't be any better. "we have a wonderful crew. a lot of experience. they have been fantastic on the whole leg, the whole race around the world. it's a pleasure to sail with them and get back to stockholm in this position, he said.
__label__non_math	0.9999	sometimes internet coupon items are temporarily out of stock. we usually have additional internet specials that we can offer you in hopes that one or more of them may be of interest to you. if you have one of our managers sign the coupon, we will honor it the next time it's available.
__label__non_math	1.0000	canon solutions america, inc. terms and conditions of use this website, including any subsite accessible through the homepage, collectively, the "site" is published and maintained by canon solutions america, inc. "canon solutions america" , a subsidiary of canon u.s.a., inc. "canon usa" . please note that when you enter any subsite accessible through the homepage, such subsite may have its own terms and conditions of use that are specific to such subsite. when you access, browse or use this site you accept, without limitation or qualification, the terms and conditions "terms and conditions" set forth below and any additional terms and conditions set forth in any subsite. canon solutions america reserves the right to modify, change, alter or otherwise edit these terms and conditions at any time by updating this posting and such changes will become immediately effective upon such posting. your continued use of the site will bind you to such revisions and you should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current terms and conditions. if you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use the site. for your information, this page was last updated on . use of the site: this site is only for your personal use. you may not distribute, exchange, modify, sell, or transmit anything you copy from this site, including but not limited to any text, images, audio or video, for any business, commercial or public purpose. as long as you comply with these terms and conditions, canon solutions america grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to enter, display and use the site. you agree not to interrupt or attempt to interrupt the operation of this site in any manner whatsoever. all materials on the site, including but not limited to images, software, audio, text and video clips the "content" , are protected by canon solutions america or canon usa trademarks, logos, and service marks and those trademarks, logos, and service marks licensed to canon usa by canon inc. collectively, the "trademarks" displayed on the site, including but not limited to the canon logo, are registered and unregistered marks of canon usa and canon inc., as the case may be. all other trademarks, trade names, product names, service marks and all other non-canon usa marks are the property of their respective owners. nothing contained on this site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on the site without the written permission of canon usa or such third party that may own other trademarks displayed on the site. use of software: any software that is available on this site "software" is the copyrighted work of canon usa and or its licensors. copying or reproducing the software to any other server or location for further reproduction or redistribution is strictly prohibited, unless such reproduction or redistribution is permitted by a license agreement accompanying such software. you may not create derivative works of the software, or attempt to decompile or reverse-engineer the software unless otherwise permitted by law. use of the software is subject to the license terms of any license agreement that may accompany or is provided with the software. you may not download any software until you have read and accepted the terms of the accompanying software license. without limiting the foregoing, the software is warranted, if at all, only according to the terms of separate license agreement accompanying the software. except as warranted in such license agreement, canon usa, its parent, subsidiary, and affiliate companies, and its licensors disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to the software, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, to the maximum extent permitted by law. u.s. government restricted rights: the software available on the site and accompanying documentation that is downloaded from this server for or on behalf of the united states of america, its agencies and or instrumentalities are provided with restricted rights. you agree to meet all requirements necessary to ensure that the federal government will honor such rights. disclosure, use or reproduction of the software and accompanying documentation are subject to restrictions set forth at federal acquisition regulation .227-, when applicable, or in the department if defense federal acquisitions regulations supplement 252.227-. software from this site is further subject to united states export controls. no software from this site may be downloaded or exported i into or to a national or resident of cuba, iraq, libya, north korea, iran, syria, or any other country to which the united states has embargoed goods; or ii to anyone on the united states treasury department's list of specially designated nationals or using the commerce department's table of deny orders. by downloading any software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, or under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list. communications and submissions: other than personally identifiable information, which is defined and covered in the canon solutions america online privacy statement, any material, information or other communication you send or post to this site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary "communication" . canon solutions america will have no obligations with respect to the communications. canon solutions america and its designees have the right to edit, alter, broadcast, post, publish, copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use the communication and images, sounds, text, and other things embodied therein for any and all commercial purposes throughout the world in any medium. furthermore, canon solutions america is free to use, without any compensation to you whatsoever, any concepts, ideas, know-how or techniques contained in any communication for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing, and marketing products using such information. however, you agree that canon solutions america has no obligation to use any idea or material contained in a communication and you have no right to compel such use. you are prohibited from posting or otherwise transmitting to or from this site unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material that may violate any law. internet transmissions are never completely private or secure. you understand that any communication that you send to this site may be read or intercepted by others unless there is a special notice that a particular message for example, credit card information is encrypted. sending a communication to canon solutions america does not cause canon solutions america to have any special responsibility to you. canon solutions america maintains a strict policy of not accepting or considering any creative ideas, suggestions or materials from the public "submissions" and therefore you should not make any submissions to canon solutions america in any communications through this site or otherwise. canon usa and its parent company, subsidiaries and affiliates have been actively engaged in research and development in diversified scientific and business areas for many years. in order to protect canon usa's, its parent company, affiliates' and subsidiaries' interests in the ideas and information which have been conceived or developed internally, and to avoid possible future misunderstandings with you or others, canon solutions america does not solicit submissions or agree to receive any confidential information from persons or entities outside the canon group of companies. we can only accept ideas from the public if the proposed idea is already covered by a united states patent, or if not issued as a united states patent, is public information. nonetheless, if you do send canon solutions america a submission that has not been patented or is not public information, it immediately becomes the property of canon solutions america, and canon solutions america shall exclusively now and hereafter own all rights, title and interest therein. furthermore, canon solutions america or its parent company is free to use, without any compensation to you whatsoever, any concepts, ideas, know-how or techniques contained in any such submission for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing, and marketing products using such information. canon solutions america shall not be liable for such use or disclosure of such submission or for any similarities in the submission and any future uses or activities by canon solutions america or its parent company. if you are uncertain as to the meaning or implication of the terms and conditions concerning submissions, consult your attorney. this site may contain links to other internet sites on the world wide web. canon solutions america provides such links for your convenience only, and is not responsible for the content of any site linked to or from this site. links from this site to any other site do not mean that canon solutions america approves, or endorses or recommends that site. canon solutions america disclaims all warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy, legality, reliability or validity of any content on any other site. viewing of all other sites is at your own risk. contests and other promotions: this site may contain contests or other promotions "promotions" that offer prizes or require you to send in material or information about yourself. each promotion has its own rules, which you must read and agree to before you may enter. please also see the online privacy statement for further information concerning contests administered by canon usa, its parent, subsidiaries or affiliates. rules for kids under the age of if you are under , you must ask your parents or guardian before you: - e-mail the site, or ask us to e-mail anything to you; - send in any information; - enter any contest, sweepstakes or game that requires information about you or offers a prize; or - buy anything online. availability of products and services: the products and services displayed on this site are intended for sale in the united states only may not be available for purchase in your particular country or locality. the reference to such products and services in the site does not imply or warrant that these products or services will be available at any time in your particular location. site information regarding canon solutions america products and services, including their availability, appearance, and specifications are subject to change without notice. such information will not constitute a representation, warranty or other commitment by canon solutions america with respect to any product or service, and canon solutions america hereby disclaims all warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy suitability for any purpose or completeness thereof. your use and browsing of the site is at your risk. this site including all content and fuctions made available on or accessed through this site is provided "as is." to the fullest extent permissible by law, with regard to the content on this site, canon solutions america makes no representations or warranties of any kind whatsoever for the accuracy, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of any content published on or available through the site, that the server that makes this site available is free of viruses or other components that may infect, harm or cause damage to your computer equipment or any other property when you access, browse, download from or otherwise use the site. under no circumstances, including but not limited to canon solutions america's negligence, will canon solutions america, canon usa, or any other party involved in creating, hosting or delivering the site, be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, punitive or other damages whatsoever arising out of your access to, or use of, the site, even if canon solutions america has been advised of the possibility of such damages. please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or conditions, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. canon solutions america also assumes no responsibility, and will not be liable for any damage to or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property, or for any loss or corruption of data on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the site, or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the site. in no event shall canon solutions america's total liability to you for all damages, losses and causes of action whether in contract, tort or otherwise exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing the site. you agree to indemnify, defend and hold canon solutions america and all of its agents, directors, employees, information providers, licensors and licensees, officers and parent, collectively "indemnified parties" harmless from and against any and all liability and costs including, without limitation attorneys' fees and costs , incurred by the indemnified parties in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by you of these terms and conditions of the foregoing representations, warranties and covenants. you will cooperate as fully as reasonably required on canon solutions america's defense of any such claim. canon solutions america reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you and you will not in any event settle any matter without the written consent of canon solutions america. this site is administered by canon solutions america, inc. from its parent company office in lake success, new york, united states of america and is intended for use by residents of the united states of america only. these terms and conditions are governed and interpreted under the laws of the state of new york, united states of america, without giving any effect to principles of conflicts of law. these terms and conditions and those found in the online privacy statement set forth the entire understanding and agreement between you and canon solutions america with respect to the site. you acknowledge that any other agreements between you and canon solutions america with respect to the site are superseded and of no force or effect. if any provision of these terms and conditions shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these terms and conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. your privacy is important to us. it is not necessary to provide any personal information when you visit the canon solutions america, inc. "canon solutions america" website "site" , but if you do provide information through one of our online inquiry, feedback, or request forms "webforms" , you should know that canon solutions america strives to protect your information. site visitorship information canon solutions america routinely gathers information on site activity, such as data on how many people visit the site, the pages they visit, where they come from, how long they stay, etc. site visitorship information is: the information canon solutions america collects, stores and analyzes is used to improve the way we do business with our current customers and potential customers. generally, if visitors supply us with their postal addresses online, they will only receive the information they requested. although it is not standard practice, visitors may receive unsolicited postal mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. if visitors do not wish to receive such mailings, they may indicate this preference when submitting online information requests to canon solutions america. - collected on an aggregate, anonymous basis, which means no personal information is associated with this data; - gathered through the use of web server logs and cookies. a web server log is a file where website activity is stored. a cookie collects information as a user travels around the web and feeds the information back to a web server. when a website sends a cookie to the user's computer, it serves as a digital tag that notifies the site each time the user enters. the information can be used, for example, to automatically supply a password for a subscription-only site or to collect information about an online shopper's preferences so that electronic marketers can target their offerings to that individual. although canon solutions america assigns a cookie to a visitor's computer, it does not know who that visitor is unless that person specifically tells us. - used to better design our site. canon solutions america stores email addresses and correspondence of those who communicate with us via email through a webform . although it is not standard practice, if a visitor has submitted email through a webform on our site, they may receive email from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. if visitors do not wish to receive such email, they may indicate this preference when they make online submissions. voluntary information visitors provide through online surveys and or site registrations may be stored, analyzed and used for marketing purposes. persons who supply canon solutions america with their telephone numbers online may receive calls from us regarding their inquiries, service requests or orders they have submitted online. although it is not standard practice, visitors may also receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. if a visitor does not wish to receive such telephone calls, they can indicate this preference when they submit information online. as a standard practice, canon solutions america does not share any private customer information submitted online with third parties, unless they are acting as an intermediary. some examples of intermediaries include shippers, internet service providers, fulfillment houses and credit card companies. we use third party job posting services to advertise job openings and to help applicants submit their resume, job application or other employment information to canon solutions america. these sites are not affiliated with canon solutions america and they maintain separate privacy policies that govern the transfer of your information. should you have any questions about the privacy practices of these companies, we recommend that you contact them directly. our commitment to data security: canon solutions america works hard to ensure that our systems meet industry security standards. to help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to help safeguard and secure the information we collect online. the security of personal information you may submit in connection with a webform, promotion entry, survey response, and or registration for any feature on the site is of the utmost concern to us, and we strive to ensure its security on our systems. however, because no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you transmit such information at your own risk. we will continue to assess new technology to evaluate its ability to provide additional protection of your information. our commitment to children's privacy: protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. for that reason, we never collect or maintain information from those we actually know are under , nor does canon solutions america target its website to children under . security of personally identifiable information canon solutions america, inc. "canon solutions america" maintains strict access control over personally identifiable information. only authorized canon solutions america personnel, agents, and partners are allowed to handle information submitted to us online. canon solutions america stores personally identifiable information in password-protected environments on servers that are located in the united states. these servers are subject to canon's information security policies, standards and procedures.
__label__non_math	0.9999	for sale: amazing views, the property includes bedrooms with full baths, a professional catering kitchen, garages, a gym, three guest apartments, -seat movie theater, ice cream parlor, pool, and a ,000-square-foot garage workshop perfect for a cooking show. at ,000 square feet, the structure is situated on a little under four acres overlooking the back bay of newport. the village crean main house picasa, photo courtesy barbara venezia of course i'm talking about the village crean. the home john crean built for the love of his life, his wife donna. he designed the main house after tara, from "gone with the wind," donna's favorite movie. it's a special place that holds fond memories for many in o.c. because the creans opened their home to countless charity events over the years. john crean started construction in and completed the estate in . i walked through the doors in not knowing it would alter my life forever for that's when i first met john crean. i was there to interview him for a talk show i was doing on local cable about successful entrepreneurs. crean was the founder of fleetwood enterprises. before i met him i'd never seen the inside of a motor home i was single and had no interest in cooking. within a year, he gave me away atop the majestic red carpeted staircase as i married stan, i was his stirring sidekick on our comedy cooking show "at home on the range," and my husband and i owned a motor home. i've laughed in that house and my heart broke in that house the day he died there in . i've been there for birthdays, weddings, charity events and the last time for donna's memorial service this past summer. with her passing, the iconic mansion is now up for sale for .million. selling the estate is duffy routh of star real estate. she has her own special ties to the creans. she grew up with the crean kids, johnnie, andy, susie and emily, and considers john and donna her godparents. routh's dad, pat, an actor director, and crean were buddies. the two even made a few forgettable movies together in crean's producer days in the 1970s. "john encouraged me to become a nurse," duffy routh said. "i got my license in and nine years ago when i retired, he encouraged me to become a realtor." never in her wildest dreams did she think one day she would be selling the village crean. "i watched john and andy build it from the ground up," she said. as we sat together last week, we talked about how everywhere you turn in the house you see crean's little touches. on the third floor where the movie theater is, there's his popcorn machine and posters of his venture into the film business. i'll never forget going to a charity event in beverly hills with the creans in the mid 1990s when he ran into elizabeth taylor. he remarked what a nightmare it was working with her and richard burton producing "hammersmith is out." i asked why the poster still hung in his hallway if it wasn't a positive experience. "it's still a good poster, and i needed something for that wall," he told me. that was typical crean. the house holds so many interesting twists and turns. push certain panels by the library and secret doors open to hidden rooms. most of the woodworking in the home crean tooled himself in his workshop garage. the swimming pool is feet at its deepest, and feet on each side because donna didn't know how to swim. she wanted to make sure if the grandkids were in the pool and she needed to jump in, she could save them. most don't realize the creans never actually lived in the majority of the mansion. they had a ,500-square-foot apartment off the main entrance. when i asked about it, crean told me he and donna didn't need much room he designed the main house specifically for events and family gatherings. of course my fondest memories are in the cooking show garage as we called it. there, we taped 250 episodes of our show before live audiences. when we wrapped in there were more than ,000 people on a waiting list to see it. routh held a broker preview this week. the house is being offered with or without the furniture and went up for sale officially on thursday. i drive by the village crean every day on my way home. and i smile as i remember it's where my life changed, and my best friend lived.
__label__non_math	0.9997	los angeles quarterback kevin prince led the pack as his teammates jogged from one section of the practice field to another near the end of thursday's practice. coach rick neuheisel made a beeline for prince, whispering a few last-second directions before ucla's -on-drill. prince took every snap in the drill, neuheisel saying afterward he thinks prince is 100 percent. ucla quarterback kevin prince took the majority of the snaps with the first-string offense for the second consecutive day thurday, and coach rick neuheisel said afterward he thinks prince is '100 percent.' paul bersebach, the orange county register he's ready to go, neuheisel said. neuheisel again declined to reveal his starting quarterback for saturday's home game against texas, though repetitions usually have spoken louder than words. a week ago, neuheisel did not announce a starter, even though richard brehaut predominantly led the first team in practice while prince nursed a shoulder sprain. brehaut ended up playing the entire game against san jose state. on thursday, prince took the majority of first-team snaps for the second consecutive day. through two games, brehaut has been ucla's quarterback for the better part of seven quarters. but a few days after brehaut struggled to lead the offense against the spartans, neuheisel said he wasn't committing to playing two quarterbacks this week. when neuheisel picked prince to start the opener, he said prince brought more to ucla s running game. run to glory running the ball is how ucla beat texas a year ago. prince ran times and passed just eight in the -rout in austin. as a team, the bruins had 264 rushing yards on carries. the pistol offense might have worked to perfection that day, but offensive coordinator mike johnson said he s prepared to use a different blueprint. the chances of going into a game against texas again and throwing eight or nine times would probably be slim to none, johnson said. i think you have to have balance. i think we ll have more balance than that. he said that goes for what receivers are targeted as well. nelson rosario and taylor embree are tied with a team-high with seven receptions. all other ucla receivers have combined for five catches. randall carroll, ricky marvray and josh smith have seen their game time diminish, despite being heavily rotated in fall practice. as you see the whole thing evolve you ll see more guys get involved, johnson said. we want to play more players than that and we will. the first couple games, the way things worked out, the things we did, things that we working, it happened to be those guys and those personnel groupings. kicker kip smith hip flexor did not practice. neuheisel said smith, who has not practiced since attempting one field goal tuesday, still needs rest but that he expects him to play. ... punter jeff locke would start in place of smith. neuheisel had not decided on giving a roster spot to bruins soccer team manager tyler gonzalez, who had a one-day tryout wednesday. ... safety tony dye hip practiced in non-contact jersey for the third consecutive day. he is expected to start saturday. contact the writer: email
__label__non_math	1.0000	the canine dog club will again sponsor the annual dog licensing vaccination day event for all residents of the city of laguna woods thursday, jan. at clubhouse , main lounge. vaccination services will be available from a.m. to p.m.; dog license services for purchase from a.m. to p.m. all residents, who have a dog, must have a current rabies certificate that does not expire before to purchase a dog license. alicia pet care will provide veterinarian services for dogs that need a rabies vaccine. rabies vaccine is medical waste fee per dog. other vaccines will be available, dhp , also a medical waste fee per dog per shot. available will be home again microchip for , dogs neutered or spayed . for information call 855- or 859-.
__label__non_math	0.9996	most viewed stories loughlin powers no. santa margarita to victory huntington beach emily loughlin led all scorers with seven goals, and no. santa margarita cruised past huntington beach, -, friday in a nonleague girls water polo game at huntington beach high. haley wan added six goals, and nikki doumas had six saves to help the eagles - remain undefeated. santa margarita poured it on early, opening the game with eight consecutive goals to give the eagles a vice-grip over the oilers - . loughlin, who will be attending cal next fall, led the charge with four goals in that span. eagles coach kevin ricks attributed the run to his team's defense. it allowed the eagles to capitalize on several outnumbered attacks in transition. "i think the run was just us doing a good job of playing defense," said ricks. "i think being aggressive on the counter spurred us." santa margarita had success being physical with the oilers. the eagles perimeter defense suffocated huntington beach attackers, preventing them from getting close to the cage. the eagles looked as though they would run away with this one, but the oilers matched santa margarita's intensity in the second quarter. sabrina nguyen and sam preston scored two goals apiece in the period, as huntington beach closed the gap to -at halftime. santa margarita put the game away in the third quarter. loughlin and wan combined to score five goals in the last five minutes of the frame to give the eagles a -edge. a contributing factor in the eagles' success was their efficiency with the man-advantage. santa margarita converted all six of its six-on-five opportunities from the second quarter on. ricks said finishing power play chances with goals was a major focus in practice, adding that if they combined good spacing with good passing, they could find the open player. the eagles had no difficulties finding the open player in this game. wan was the beneficiary of several cross-cage passes, and she cashed in with three power play goals for the day.
__label__non_math	0.9999	julie and her birds will be in the store on friday, january 13th from -. for the month of january, of profits will go to wingmasters. what have you been up to since your last visit to ode? i ve been working on a book. i used to work for merriam webster as a dictionary editor, so i have a strong background in lexicography. i m working on a school dictionary with bird of prey terms and my drawings. i m collaborating with my partner, jim parks, and i m enjoying the work. do you have a story you'd like to share from the past few months? getting stuck in connecticut after the october storm. i had a presentation at the peabody museum in new haven. by the end of the program it was snowing hard and horizontally. just getting onto the parkway was bad, and the power was out. it was every man for himself. there was only one light up ahead from a big y, they were running on a generator. all the birds i had with me were cold tolerant, except for the barn owl. so i brought the owl in and flew her on her long leash around the food court. another way to stay awake, besides flying a barn owl, is reading garbage celebrity magazines. i don t watch tv. i don t watch reality shows. but you can now ask me anything about the kardashians. by morning it had stopped snowing. it was the most surreal drive home, and because of all the trees that were down everything looked different. i ve never seen damage like that. trees were down in my driveway and i had to use my neighbors toboggan to bring the birds up the driveway. i was lucky and there was no damage to my house or to the birds' cages. but the birds are used to eating microwaved rats and mice, and since the power was out for six days i had to heat the rats and mice in aluminum foil in the fireplace like a baked potato. do you have any new additions? yes, a rough legged hawk, which is a northern migrant. this bird may be the most beautiful hawk that i ve ever seen. i also have a new screech owl, sagamore, who may be the largest screech owl i ve ever seen. what is your favorite line from a movie, song or book? from mel brooks the history of the world: part one: don t annoy me. i use that a lot, not in my programs. but i sometimes throw it at the cosmos. what's the best advice you've ever gotten? do what you love and follow it with absolute passion. don t do it halfway. find it, go after it. where do you find inspiration? looking out at this beautiful scene. my house is in leverett, massachusetts, and i grew up in leverett. brushy mountain has been protected as of two weeks ago, and is now safe from development. i draw inspiration from nature, from being out in the country, being outside. i would die in the city. i would die without the birds. as soon as i head up my driveway i have complete privacy and all is well. we are home. to learn more about wingmasters, visit wingmasters.net.
__label__non_math	0.9999	falcon researcher dr donna falconer photographed by a motion-activated camera uses a walking pole to protect herself from attacking falcons, at ferintosh station, near mt cook. photo supplied. there is no room for complacency over the future of the endangered new zealand falcon, researcher and falcon advocate dr donna falconer says. dr falconer, who recently gained a university of otago phd in geology, and has had her distinctive name since birth, swiftly found herself inspired by a series of close encounters with new zealand falcons after moving to twizel six years ago. her subsequent research and close-up photography involving falcons will feature in a talk she will give at the orokonui ecosanctuary at tomorrow. dr falconer said she was seriously considering going back to otago university to study for another phd, on these birds. it was a good time to be raising awareness about the karearea or new zealand falcon, as the latest season's fledglings were ''starting to make themselves known''. chicks from the eastern falcon subtype, in the mid southern south island, started fledging from early december until the middle of this month and were easy to tell from their parents because they had white grey feet and soft fleshy body parts, whereas adults were all yellow. two of the biggest threats inexperienced falcons faced were being electrocuted by power lines or hit by cars when eating falcons were ''a bit of a double-edged sword'' where ecosanctuaries were concerned. ''as majestic as they are, it's only natural they'd put all those incredible hunting skills to good use given the veritable smorgasbord of fine dining opportunities at their wing tips in such places.'' orokonui ecosanctuary general manager chris baillie said two falcons and a hawk overflew the ecosanctuary from time to she was not aware of having lost any birds or other animals through falcon predation, and birds and lizards had places to hide if needed. ''falcons are part of the ecosystem- they deserve conservation as much as any other native species.''
__label__non_math	0.9987	south island listed companies continued to perform well over the december quarter, according to the latest deloitte south the 20th edition of the index showed south island companies gained million, or .per cent, in market capitalisation over the quarter, continuing the momentum from the third quarter. the latest results saw the index gain .billion, or . per cent, during the calendar year, with total market capitalisation now standing at .billion. paul munro, a corporate finance partner in deloitte's christchurch office, said most of the increase in market capitalisation was attributable to the share price growth of ryman healthcare, which increased by about million per cent over the year. a third of the companies included in the index experienced declines in market capitalisation. half the companies listed on the deloitte south island index experienced upward movements in their market capitalisation over the quarter. again, the index's top performer for the quarter was ryman, gaining million, or per cent, in market pgg wrightson was another strong performer, gaining . million .per cent and moving into 5th position on the the biggest decline in the quarter came from silver fern farms, which lost .1m, or .per cent, in value after the company reported an annual operating loss after tax of silver fern's shares trade on the unlisted trading platform.
__label__non_math	0.9980	economic adjustment committee eac resources and documents related to the economic adjustment committee president's economic adjustment committee's eac report to the president describing the work of the eac during the fiscal year ending . updated eac catalog of federal assistance for impacted communities.
__label__non_math	1.0000	wild blood : tess's fifteenth birthday is fast approaching, and like all switchers, she must now decide what shape she will take for the rest of her life. will it be a bird? a dog? a horse? not knowing they may never see their daughter again, her parents send her to stay on her cousins' farm while they're on vacation. tess spends most of her time there switching into different forms, trying to decide on her final choice. while switching, she discovers dark, mysterious woods in the farthest reaches of the farm. a strange power emanates from them that tess can feel, but can't name. then her cousins disappear in the woods without a trace - and tess must face her fears to save them. in doing so, she discovers what being a switcher really means. ages and up.
__label__non_math	1.0000	frequently asked questions what payment methods are accepted at officeanything.com? we accept all major credit cards, checks, money orders, google checkout, and paypal. purchase orders are accepted on an individual basis. do you offer bulk we are happy to offer bulk discounts on most items. please feel free to call us direct for same day pricing. can you provide color yes. we understand that viewing color and finish samples online can be difficult. please feel free to call or email us directly with your color and finish sample requests. can you provide a formal quotation for my products? yes. for quotations, please email firstname.lastname in most cases we are able to provide same day quotations. how can i contact officeanything.com? we can be reached by phone at 800-867- between the hours of and eastern standard time. we offer email support and live chat past these hours. do you offer while most items are quite simple to assemble, we offer installation services at an additional charge for customers requiring it. officeanything.com assist with space planning? our staff of furniture experts will be happy to assist with your space planning and design needs. accordingly, we will be happy to provide dimensions and space requirements for all products listed at officeanything.com. most in stock items typically ship within two business days of order. for estimated ship times, please feel free to call us direct at 800-867-. what is included with free shipping? free shipping includes standard dock to dock and curbside delivery. most items shipping ups and fedex will be delivered to your door. inside delivery is available at an additional charge for customers officeanything office furniture is upfront ecommerce by volusion.
__label__non_math	1.0000	office furniture and interior office fit out should never be an afterthought. by carefully choosing the right office furniture and accessories for your office, you can create a positive and inviting environment in which your staff can be comfortable, happy and productive and your customers welcomed and content. hand in hand, office domain will help you create the best possible working environment for your business with their office fit outs and office refurbishments expertise. office domain specialises in creating value office fit out solutions for australian offices, in that we pride ourselves on creating innovative and functional office environments to meet your ideal office domain. experience along with many suppliers enables us to supply and install from a wide range of office furniture and fitout your office on budget, on time and with minimum disruption to your business. we offer a free office fit out measure and quote service, where a consultant will discuss which office fit out and office furniture products and services suit your business needs. our consultants have years of experience, they are not just here to sell you a product, they are here to ensure that the product or office fit out meets your needs and wants and creates the all-round image that you want your office domain to speak. whether you need a single office chair or a complete office fit out you can rely on our team to provide you with the upmost service and commitment. a part of our great service lies in the fact that we are committed to working after hours and weekends to complete your office fit out with minimal disruption to your day-to-day business operations. we are the experts in office fitouts in sydney which means you can leave your office furniture and office fitouts requirements and needs with absolute confidence. call or email us for more information on our office fit out and office furniture products and services or to arrange a free consultation.
__label__non_math	0.9724	webster innovations introduces the tactical mic keeper tmk to enhance the comfort and safety of law enforcement and public safety personnel. the tmk was invented by a law enforcement officer who saw the need for a better solution to attach a remote microphone to a uniform. public safety radios are highly reliable, however, are not easy to use when placed on the uniform belt. remote microphone-speaker devices are designed to be kept near the officer's ear, but are hard to firmly attach. many officers have lost use of their radio during foot chases or other dangerous confrontations. the tmk was designed for dynamic use by public safety personnel or any other professionals who use portable radios. the patented design of the tmk is the result of research to develop a simple, efficient and cost effective method to safely attach the microphone on the uniform. the tmk is constructed of tough polymer which will withstand the harsh environment of on-the-street conditions.
__label__non_math	0.9996	originally published in official artur davis the most eloquent, poignant argument i ever heard against same-sex marriage came from an african american woman in her late fifties who organized youth groups at a black mega-church in the south. i can t quote her verbatim but it went something like this: in the black community, gay marriage is a source of worry because we struggle so hard, and against so many cultural forces, to make even conventional marriages work. we don t buy into officially recognized alternative relationships because we can t even win the battle to make the standard kind of marriage look appealing: not when our boys want the music video lifestyle a different girl at every stanza in the song our girls get degrees and can t find men who can support them; and our teenagers think a baby is what happens when you become a woman or a man. yet another alternative to men and women building families together? that s a luxury we can t afford. there s a heap of generalization there, and reasonable minds may or may not agree. in fact, i ve heard more than a few blacks argue that legal marriages between black homosexuals beats the closets in the black community, which often have the unfair, reverse effect of making any heterosexual black man who stays single look suspect. but the woman i mention was utterly free of malice and not at all reliant on old testament allusions to make her case. if you think she is in spite of that a beacon of intolerance, you ve just indicted a thoughtful representation of about percent of the african american community. the media-filtered reaction to president obama s endorsement of gay marriage has been predictable: an undercurrent of exaltation in the newsrooms that have long ceased to think of homosexuality as anything but another form of freedom; cherry-picked evangelical leaders who fit that same media s expectations of what social conservatism looks and sounds like. to be sure, the networks and cable have brought forth their share of high profile african american ministers and catholic bishops, but they aren t the woman in that southern church running a youth group, trying to grapple with how social change shapes fatherless neighborhoods: the preachers and clerics are speaking in the accents of scripture and biblical text, which most americans are in the custom of preaching not practicing. it would be a healthy thing if more of the debate featured voices like the woman i described. it would be equally healthy if more conservatives and frankly, conservatives disagree with each other on this issue, liberals are entirely of one mind had weighed in not with jibes at obama s timing or the sincerity of his original, pre- evolving mindset, but with an honest declaration that the argument over gay marriage does not have the same contours today as it did ten years ago. the fight for most americans going forward is whether the legal future of same sex marriage is determined state by state, with voters and democratic processes deciding this issue, and not by federal judges deploying an elastic construction of the equal protection clause; and secondly, whether sectarian institutions like catholic adoption agencies will preserve their own freedom of conscience or lose it to public and elite opinion. had there been more pragmatic voices, more voices speaking the language of democratic choice and not absolutism, see ross douthat for an insightful take on how the gay rights community has effectively wielded an absolutionist position to stigmatize opposition this fundamental cultural argument might be one that clarified rather than deepened our division. had president obama gone one step further in his interview and defended the right of good people to differ, he could have actually strengthened his case: instead, he portrayed his own past skepticism as a weirdly disconnected thing that had little force or philosophy behind it, and the logic of his case is that to differ is to condone bigotry. don t hold your breath, though. culture wars and party politics don t reward what i just described, and it is culture warriors and partisans who get the microphone at these kinds of junctures. that s the state of play in the values debate circa .
__label__non_math	0.9999	ah, i went throught a marky mark obsession too last year. i was loving all of his movies, even contraband... but everything changed when the fire nation attac... no wait. everything changed when i saw that movie with clooney that isn't three kings. i don't know the title in english, but it involves a boat, a storm and it is so terrible, that i want to forget i ever watched it. still, marky mark is awesome. you should watch the episode of top gear in which he appaears. i don't remember why but i thought he was very funny in it. maybe because i was obsessed though. still, top gear is cool anyway. from the director m. night shyamalan produced by m. night shyamalan written by m. night shyamalan m. night shyamalan likes to hear m. night shymalan's name on the big screen. his movies are terrible as a general rule of thumb. i love the synopsis for that movie on imdb.a strange, horrible and unprecedented crisis begins in central park. a high school science teacher, his wife and a young girl do what they can to survive it. last edited by lost; at . unbreakable. amazing movie by shyamalan. sixth sense was so overhyped. do you think you d sell your soul to just have one thing to turn out right? i just watched ted last night, and that was the first movie i've seen of his. however, i've been rewatching it's always sunny lately, and: i actually enjoyed ted, and liked wahlberg's acting a lot. made me wanna watch more of his stuff.
__label__non_math	0.9999	a note of appreciation for the watertown fire department and honors for city police officers were presented at monday nights city council meeting. the professional firefighters of endicott sent their document of appreciation for the efforts of five watertown firefighters in september in broome county, where the overflowing susquehanna river was forcing the evacuation of homes. during its -hour deployment, the city fire crew evacuated residents and pets from johnson city, and then in endicott assisted in moving utility crews and equipment to a water treatment facility. the water system, having been shut down in advance of a storm, was near depletion. assigned to that detail were battalion chief timothy p. wiley and firefighters troy a. chisamore, mark w. jones, jeffrey s. narrow and randy j. root. the following city police honors were announced: exceptional duty award to officer dennis c. lawlee for initiating an investigation on , in which two people were arrested when 222 packages of heroin, grams of marijuana and ,899 in cash were seized at a residence. life-saving medals to officers lawlee and michael b. zicari for disarming a woman who was stabbing herself in a third-floor apartment on . life-saving medal to officer david w. horr for restraining an intoxicated woman on the court street bridge on , preventing her from injuring herself. life-saving medals to officers frederick e. march and jacob w. bull for rescuing a person who on , had hanged himself. meritorious service award to officer gregory p. gibbs for assisting three trapped people in their escape from a burning apartment building on may and for securing evidence for an arson arrest in the fire. exceptional service award to officers eric j. mclane, charles l. bickel iii and christopher l. thomas for their quick actions in apprehending a man on , after he had robbed the key bank branch at the watertown shopping plaza on washington street. exceptional service award to officer wayne w. mcconnell for initiating an investigation on may that led to the arrest of two people and the seizure of ,700. unit citation award to the a platoon consisting of lt. richard c. wood and officers gibbs, horr, matthew p. roll, joshua w. davis, shane m. ryan, dennis p. obrien, nathan l. mckeever and joshua p. moran for their efforts the night of may , first in the search for a missing person who ultimately was found dead by suicide and then for their investigation of a fire that resulted in an arson arrest.
__label__non_math	0.9998	lewiston senior aubrey kettrick, a watertown high school graduate, was named the niagara university athlete of the week after breaking five school records for womens swimming over the weekend at the zippy invitational in akron, ohio. on saturday, kettrick set school marks in the -yard freestyle .seconds , and the 100-yard butterfly time trial . . she then broke her own record in the 200 freestyle on sunday, finishing in minute, .seconds. she set the record at .last year. kettrick then set records in the 100 freestyle .seconds and took part in the relay breaking the 200 freestyle record . .
__label__non_math	1.0000	massena state police arrested a teenager who allegedly stole shoes from the st. lawrence centre shopping mall. devin j. riley, , massena, took a pair of sneakers worth .from the mall, troopers said. the alleged crime was reported on sunday and mr. riley was arrested wednesday afternoon. he faces one count of petit larceny, a class a misdemeanor. mr. riley was issued an appearance ticket for massena town court.
__label__math	0.9974	round it allows creating round corners for generated gradient images. it does work for all types of gradient except for the line gradient because the image height width depends on gradient vertical horizontal orientation for line gradient is always 1px. round it could comes handy when you need to create buttons, tabs and other small to medium size widgets text over is not supported at this time - use html text over image . oval rectangle type gradient does not require enabling round it and generates round corners by default. other types of gradients do require checking the box next to round it before round corner applied. each one of four corners could be selected to become rounded. that means you may create tabs where only top-left and top-right corners become rounded. by default all corners are selected. if you need to deselect a corner use corner selector select radius by typing the number directly in the text box. generally the radius value should not be over half of the smaller side of the image. if you have a square image - 40x40px for instance, then the reasonable radius value should be between -. note: would create a perfect circle for this image point where round corners are joined together . it is interesting to actually specify values over half image side size value - image would collapse and would look like a kaleidoscope effect with every pixel added to the radius value. some of the images created that way could be used as a background pattern. use backgrd to set the background color outside of the round corners. generally this color should match the color of the background where the image would be used. you may leave it transparent but be aware - ie versions earlier than .do not support .png transparency. with round it checked or when you select oval rectangle gradient type the image is always generated with anti-aliasing - on, regardless of actual anti-aliasing control setting located below color selector . creating line gradient images with round corners as it was mentioned above, line gradient type images may not utilize round corners. the hack is to use angle type gradient and set the angle to or degrees to create straight vertical or horizontal gradient. creating buttons and horizontal tabs gradient type of any type except line select image width by size control and manually specify the desired image height within alternative image side now check round it and you have your button or tab ready to download. there of course infinite ways to mix gradient colors, use different gradient types, use split, shift, blow and stripes to create buttons and tabs. some examples are posted in gallery
__label__non_math	0.9956	i had the notion for a really good play for lebron. maybe you can pass it on to mike brown and the boys. see if they can utilize it for this year. picture this. gibson at point. lebron playing or . gibson brings the ball down to either wing. lebron runs off of a screen in the paint to curl onto the block or the elbow. lebron is now isolated with gibson with the ball. man game just like the lakers did when kareem was hurt in the finals and magic played center. he scored with this play. gibson passes lebron the ball. the other play garbage men and coast to the other side of the court. lebron, in isolation has several choices. he can keep his back to the defender and look for passing lanes as of the garbage men cut to the basket. or he can swing and face up on his man. dribble and a step and he can explode to the basket or shoot the short j. he can drive and dish to of the set up garbage men or gibson for a . the possibilities could be endless with this play. old school basketball. lebron goes to the line about -times a game. well, first off, i think you'd have trouble telling the other guys they were garbage men. second, the cavs do run this play. and about percent of the time, lebron doesn't establish post position and floats out near the -point line to receive the "entry" pass, then turns and starts dribbling. if i had an idea for an cavaliers nba product should i get it patented before i present it to the team nba? i think i have something good that will definitely boost season package ticket sales. that or e-mail dan gilbert at email, he might buy it off you. last year he bought the flashseats idea off a couple of guys from the east suburbs. could you break down the salary cap structure real easily for me? i have a hard time explaining it to my buddies, as i swirl around in monstruos nba-linguistic terms that don't make sense for them. the bird clause, trade kicker, mid level exception - those kind of things need a good explaining. well, the cap isn't really easy but here goes. the nba has a so-called soft salary cap, which means it can be exceeded. it can be exceeded, however, under five so-called "exceptions." they are the "bird" exception, the mid-level exception, the bi-annual exception, an injury exception and a trade exception. the most important is the "bird" exception, named for larry bird when he was with the celtics. if a player has been under one contract for at least three years, the team who has the expiring contract -- aka "bird rights" -- may go over the salary cap and pay the player up to the maximum contract. if a player has been signed for two years, teams have what is called "early bird" rights. they can exceed the salary cap up to the average player's salary, which is about million right now. the cavs will have early bird rights to daniel gibson next summer. the mid-level exception changes every year and can be used to sign one or more free agents. this year it is .million of the cap, get the exception. the bi-annual exception must go to one player and can only be used every other year. this year it is worth million gets traded for a player making .million player gets a .million trade exception. it can be used by itself in another trade. sometimes teams can just trade salary-cap space for players, creating large exceptions. this is what the charlotte bobcats and orlando magic did this summer. when a player gets injured and is out for the year, teams can apply to the league for injured player exceptions, which can be used like trade exceptions but can be combined with players. the milwaukee bucks used an injured player exception for bobby simmons to get earl boykins last season. and finally, a trade kicker is a clause in a player's contract that provides a bonus if he's traded. the most it can be for is percent. eric snow had a trade kicker in his contract, he got a percent raise when coming to cleveland. deep breath. i have a question on exactly how much owners are dishing out for their respective teams. i realize that to buy a team costs an incredible amount of money, but where does that money go? i'm guessing it's to the previous owner, but i'm not positive . and once an owner actually purchases a team, do they invest any more money in player salaries, etc.? what exactly is the owner's role financially after purchasing a team? the money goes to the old owner in full or in pieces, depending on the agreement. most of the time these days, people barrow heavily to buy the team and then service the debt while the equity grows. just like an interest-only mortgage, eh, mr. gilbert? but the nba requires a significant percentage of cash be brought to the table as well. then, yes, they must pay for everything including player salaries, etc., etc. often the operating money for the team comes from the arena, which most teams get the revenue from. the cavs lost money for years, but the gund arena company made money on concerts and other events. the lease gilbert got when he bought the cavs is as valuable as owning the arena outright. teams without arena deals just don't sell, which is why the philadelphia 76ers and portland trail blazers couldn't sell last year. trail blazers owner paul allen has since bought the arena, no word on whether philly owner comcast would be willing to give up control of the wachovia center, before they were not and therefore the sixers did not sell and were taken off the market. brian, we were seeing major trades for the last ten years because of all of the salary issues. why have all of these trades dried up? the ray allen deal was really the only one the last year. could the cavs make a major deal before february ? well there were no big trades during the season, but since the season ended three players with max contracts -- zach randolph, steve francis and ray allen -- have been traded. i think this is pretty active on the blockbuster front. yes, i believe the cavs will make a major deal in the coming months. but it is still playing out. right now there are rumors kevin garnett and his .million trade kicker are getting traded to boston. tell dan fegan that the market is way too full next year just sign anderson varejao to a year million dollar deal and go for the big money in years. mr. fegan knows the market. his style and history, though, is to get a big deal for his clients and get a big deal now. he'll continue to pursue this avenue. what's the status on boykins? i know he's a shoot first point guard, but look at hughes. i mean is boykins defense really that bad? i like earl and i like what he can bring to a game. the cavs don't think he's a great fit perhaps due to defense, but that could change if he doesn't have a team in six weeks. wondering whether lebron prefers pepsi or coke and his favorite tv shows lebron has a million deal with coca-cola to promote sprite and powerade. he is a big fan of sopranos but also likes cartoons. that's all for the moment, be back later. lebron made some pointed comments after the team usa scrimmage about his love of up tempo basketball. have you heard anything from the cavs that indicates an upcoming change in their offensive philosophy? seems to me that appeasing james might not be a bad idea. i agree lebron sent a jabbing little message from vegas. however, my advice to him would be to do it more behind closed doors. ask kobe how his public demands have gone. lebron should want the cavs to improve, but he needs to do his part as well. he said he had to improve over the offseason, we'll see if he's able to. who do you think would be should be on the cavs short list in terms of assistant coach addition? as a beat writer for one team, i don't know every assistant coach in the league and his strengths. i have been led to believe the cavs want a new and somewhat loud and experienced voice to "evaluate everything they do." that's why they have interviewed men like dwane casey, a former head coach with lots of experience. what is the best way to handle the roster players on the end of the cavs bench? guys like scot pollard, david wesley and ira newble. trade, cut or find a way to use their talents? is the only answer to leave them sit at the end of the bench and let time take its course. do you feel that any of the last players on the man roster have anything to offer? would any non-contract summer league players be any better? could you evaluate by player? i think this is a good question for the dead time of the year, while many of us still want to read about the cavs. pollard probably won't be back, neither will wesley and if ira newble isn't traded by the deadline, he'll probably be bought out. you always need to have veterans who can fill in on the bench. but there are always going to be -players who don't play, what you want is a mix of developing players and veterans. the cavs have had that over the last several years. whats the latest on the bibby trade? now that mikki moore has been signed by sacramento, i don't see it happening unless a third team gets involved. i believe kings gm geoff petrie has said he doesn't expect to trade him right now. the moment passed. with countryside and other mortgage lending companies reporting losses and concerns about future earnings, should we have any concerns about quicken loans and dan gilbert s willingness to go outside the cap? excellent question. quicken loans is a private company, so they don't have to release earnings reports. with the housing downturn, there are less loans being processed so it stands to reason there is less business being done. also, quicken loans doesn't service many of their mortgages, they sell them off. they make money in churn, in the volume of them turning over. how the downturn could affect the cavs is unclear, dan gilbert has constantly shown the willingness to spend money and, as a result, he just had the great financial season in team history. i don't see him changing his philosophy. he still has a company turning over billions in loans. i wouldn t exactly call this entire scenario a rumor but it has recently been reported that the cavs were exploring sending gooden back home to the warriors, who have a m trade exception at their disposal. could you see something like a three-way deal sending drew to gs, ira and damon and the gs trade exception to phoenix, and shawn marion to the cavs? it seems like it makes too much sense to actually happen, assuming that phoenix really wants to dump some salary. two reactions here, i think phoenix has dumped all the salary is it going to. steve kerr talked about those moves "keeping the core together." marion is part of that core. i would not rule out gooden being traded, however, it will not be for a trade exception unless it is part of a three-way deal. also, understand the cavs will not trade gooden without having a plan in place to replace him in the lineup. hey, brian, i saw that henry truehoop mentioned a book that you re working on. is it true? when will it be available? terry pluto and i have written a book on lebron and the cavs, a -month project we started at the end of the season. it is called the franchise, and will be coming out at the start of the upcoming season. i believe it is the most inside and detailed piece ever written about lebron. part of that is because i'm biased, part of it is because i've read everything ever written on him. hopefully many of you will check it out, it is due to come out in october. brian, cavs fans tend to view the cavs offense as well well, you know: bad. what s the league wide view of mike brown and danny ferry in that regard? most of the league gives mike brown credit for having a great defense and they laugh or shake their heads at his offense. again, everybody knows they need a point guard, too. how does your blogging influence your job as a reporter? i remember mcinnis stopped talking to you. for example, does damon jones laugh when you tease his fashion sense, or does he hold it against you? does your relationships with individual players even matter any more given how little exclusive access you have? blogging is just an extension of what i do as a reporter, just a different form of reporting. unlike some bloggers, who comment from afar, i am on the inside. this is both a positive and a negative. in general, most players do not read stories or blogs but their friends and families do. some of them read everything. over the course of a season, five or six times you upset a player, coach or the general manager and have to deal with the fallout. sometimes you're wrong, sometimes you're right. part of the job. as paul silas said, "ain't nothing going to be a bed of roses." i think the best question of all directly relates to the first words of this blog entry: why has this been a quiet summer for cavs news? this baffles me. this should baffle you. this should baffle everybody. the cavs know they need to make changes. whether or not you agree, they feel like doing it through trade is a better option than this summer's free agent market. they are investigating options. they don't have to have a complete team in july. at some point they will make a deal and there will be plenty to talk about then. i m concerned that the cavs are strapped down by contracts and will remain the same team if until lebron has the ability to bolt via free agency. do you feel the same? for the foreseeable future the cavs will not have salary cap flexibility. guess what? neither do percent of the teams in the league. of the teams that had cap flexibility this summer only one of them was in the playoffs last year, no. seed orlando. now, they are bogged down in contracts. everybody is strapped down by contracts to a certain extent. the cavs have a young core and an owner willing to spend, they are in position to contend for titles. as for lebron's future, it is impossible to predict what the league will look like one year from now, much less three years. how can we get that soul patch shaved off the back of drew gooden s head? wait for it to go out of style in oakland. what about navarro? the wizards want cap relief or draft picks for him. cavs don't really have either, so i don't think it is a great chance. however, he has to be dealt by the end of the week so his price may drop. maybe an odd question but i know the cleveland indians are a very tight group with great team chemistry. they play a lot of pranks on each other, they also always have video game tournaments as well. do the cavs players pull off any good pranks towards each other or have any weird bonding traditions to maybe better the chemisty? in general, the cavs have good team chemistry. to my knowledge, the locker room has been very stable over the last several years. as for pranks, other than small stuff to the rookies, i haven't seen pranks. they do play lots of video games and lots of poker with each other. like on every team, there are cliques of players who go out together and hang out at each other's houses. what is goin on with the sasha talks? not much. i think the cavs like sasha, but i'm not sure they want to commit to anything long term with daniel gibson and shannon brown there. i think they'd like to re-sign him to a cheap, short term deal. what is complicated is wings have signed for all over the board this summer, from jason kapono and luke walton getting near the mid-level while players like deshawn stevenson and morris petterson getting much less. what is going on with the anderson talks? i suspect the cavs are offering somewhere in the range of years, .million. if he takes the low-ball offer, he is expecting to hit a bigger contract. he is debating whether the guarenteed offer is better than the risk of injury competing with some of the top nba players who will be free agents next year. anderson's agent, dan fegan, has had success in the past by waiting out the summer. two years ago, he go erick dampier a massive deal in late august. last year, he got reggie evans a five-year deal at about the same time. so he'll wait things out. the cavs have an offer on the table that isn't likely to improve much right now. the only x-factor in place now is whether andy is feeling pressure to sign to play for brazil in the fiba qualifier next month. if he lets that go, it could be september before he makes up his mind. what do you think the cavs biggest need is in order to get a championship? they have some glaring shortcomings in the makeup of their team and i know what i consider to be the biggest one of them all. what i want to know is what you think it is. they play championship quality defense. they have a playoff game-changing star. they don't have championship offense, which a quality point guard could help fix. do the cavs have any interest in brendon haywood? since watching him shut down z in the playoffs in , i ve thought he would be a good fit here because he would bring some shot-blocking and some attitude, plus he can run the floor a little. his contract seems somewhat reasonable and i know he s in the coach s doghouse in washington. if we could get him for the spare parts you talked about earlier that could decrease a team s cap number i.e., wesley, jones, newble, ect. and maybe a draft pick i d do it in a minute. or maybe they could get haywood and navarro in a trade for andy? i think the wizards would do that deal, but i don't think the cavs would. haywood is what you'd call a "quality big" who has a reasonable contract. however, he's been a problem in the locker room and with the head coach. the cavs don't like players who are problems. i ve always wondered if there is a resource for nba player salaries. i m always currious about the plausability of trade scenarios, but never know where to find out about player salaries that match. hoopshype isn't 100 percent accurate, but is pretty close. espn and real gm also have trade checkers. under the current rules, players salaries have to be within percent plus for a deal to win. teams cannot combine players with trade exceptions in deals. is lebron working on his mid-range jumper with team usa? he looked very bad at the end of the blue vs. white game where kobe hit the jumper with .seconds left. i haven't been with team usa, so i just don't know the answer to this one. why isn t danny ferry burning up seattle s phone lines trying to pry one of their three talented young point guards away? this seems like a no brainer to me. both earl watson and delonte west play good defense and can make threes when left open. i m very perplexed. i am sure danny talks with seattle gm sam presti, who he is close with, quite often. as for watson, he isn't that great of a shooter and his contract isn't great. the cavs have more interest in west, who has been injury prone. i think the sonics may spend time evaluating their players before trading them, though. as versatile as our combination of big men are, my impression is that they re soft . i submit that we need a defensive mf type who will cold cock a guy driving the lane. of course, as long we re good, we ll never draft high enough to get that kind of player in the draft. supposedly that was what scot pollard was for. i did notice more of an edge from the cavs this season compared to last. varejao and gooden aren't afraid to hard foul. they'd like to have a guy like that as their fifth big man, we'll see who is available in that spot over the next six weeks. is gooden really as much a space cowboy as some accounts hint? for example, in the pistons game where we have a point lead, during the timeout, you can read lebron s lips don t leave the f-ing floor - and sure enough rasheed jacks up a point attempt, and gooden leaves the floor in a block attempt - a foul on a point shot being the only way the pistons could tie the game. that and his yeee drew is a very smart and thoughtful person. on the court, however, his focus tends to drift. this is partially because he's a very emotional player. he will always have to deal with this and so will any team that has him. of course, andy tried making a spin move from feet away in game of the finals. all players have pluses and minuses. could he keep the cavs from being a champion? i don't know how to answer that one. is there any indication on who lebron wants to bring to cleveland? it seems that he has the first and final say. yes, he'd like jason kidd. then again, so would kobe bryant. does danny ferry think the cavs can take the next step and win the nba championship with the same personnel they ended the season with? also, how possible would it be somehow get jason kidd? there seems to be an mutual respect there between he and lebron which i would think would make the team probable to repeat in the east and an excellent contender for it all. it would also give boobie a couple years to mature into kidd s role. no, ferry knows they must improve. right now, it is impossible to trade for kidd. it is also impossible to trade for lebron. have the cavs made any efforts to go after mike connelly? do you think he will be a good pro? i assume you mean mike conley. after talking with grizzlies coach marc iavaroni at summer league, he looks at conley as a franchise player. so no, the cavs won't be getting him. he will have some problems scoring because he's not a good shooter and on defense big guys might bother him, but i think he's got a chance to be a great player. i'm talking chris paul, deron williams-type great. he's super quick and he can make any pass from anywhere. why don t the cavs trade s. brown to bucks for rights to pf l. ji from china? i hear lebron is big in china, so maybe they won t object playing with lebron. we could use more scoring from the big guys. is there a chance? do you mean yi jianlian? why would the bucks trade him for shannon brown? i'm not sure there is a player on the cavs roster other than lebron the bucks would trade yi for right now. z is getting older, but he ll still be a valuable player for a couple years to come. we ve noticed he can hit the open jumper from a step inside the -line somewhat consistently. wouldn t it be great if he could work on that shot and maybe extend it back behind the line, since he s becoming less and less effective inside? z is pretty good from -feet, which he's developed for years. he might be a descent -point shooter, but that really isn't his game. he gets many of them on pick-and-rolls from the wing. i'm not sure it is a viable option, i'd rather see him continue to develop the hook. hey there. not a cavs fan, i m from mpls go wolves i believe you are referring to tim grugich's camp, which is a development camp. it is a way for young players and coaches to come together and work on things. not sure if any cavs are there. he's been running it for years. from this point on when is the best time to pickup a player. dog days of august? as contracts are being finaliized just prior to training camp in september? end of training camp when rosters are cut? early in the season? anytime? all are about the same. as a fan when can we expect the bulk of the player movement? the bulk of major player movement has been done. however, every year there are players out there who sign right at the end of the summer who make impacts. usually guys who are sort of undervalued in the league. a player like jannero pargo, devin brown or even earl boykins might be in this category. it seems from what i have read and watched that most of the starters are being underutilized being that they are told to fit the system rather than play to their strengths. if this is an accurate assessment, do you believe that coach brown should change his approach or should there be new players brought in to fit his system? with that being said, with the current list of players, who would you say would be realistic and helpful for this team? i really appreciate reading your column and hope you keep up the good work, thank you what could the cavs get for larry hughes? bad contracts and or players who are not as good as him. but that could change down the line. if u were the gm what would u do??? well i personally think getting an offensive-minded assistant coach would really help. danny ferry and mike brown disagree with me on this. that and get any sort of point guard, not just a home run player, because i think it would help. people forget that when jeff mcinnis was playing under control, he really helped the cavs. he was just a mid-level point guard. how come sarunas jasikevicius can t get any playing time? it seems like he can run an offense and he can shoot, but he s been on two teams and can t get more than minutes a night. he seems like a good fit for the cavs, but is there something i m missing? is his defense that bad? he has defensive problems, but in golden state it is more of a numbers issue. there are more talented guys ahead of him. he has an expiring contract, wouldn't surprise me if he was traded again. ferry is known for playing his cards close to his chest in his dealing and targeted acquistions. how do you think that is viewed by the press - does it make your job harder? the cavs organization - does gilbert look at that as plus? the players - unlike ny, is it benficial not see player names daily in proposed trades the fans - does it give fans the perception that nothing is going on behind the scenes it doesn't matter what the media thinks, although there are some who think he should be more proactive. overall, dan gilbert is very pleased with how ferry has performed thus far. the players would all like to play more, score more and be paid more. the fans want the team to improve and want it to happen yesterday while the gm has to think for the long term. in other words, being a gm is a hard job from a perception standpoint. are there any trades players that the cavs are currently targeting? with all the talk it seems like the cavs will pass on the mle unless something catastrophic happens and improve through trade the cavs will use some of the mid-level exception if they need to, but they'd rather re-sign varejao and pavlovic and attempt to make a trade. they do need a fifth big man, so it is possible they'll dip into it for that purpose. what is the news on a true pg? what is your prediction of who and when? i am guessing at the all-star break- what s your thoughts? i wish i knew. the magic keyon dooling , sonics watson, west , rockets rafer alston, john lucas and timberwolves troy hudson all have spare point guards at the moment. more may become available as the season goes along. i think ferry would like to acquire a major addition so he may see how certain situations play out before making a move. why the hell are we the cavs taking a flyer on brevin knight? he can t do worse than eric snow and he actually has a jump shot that opponents have to factor in when they create their defensive schemes. the dude had over assisteses per game knight can't shoot and isn't as good of a defender as snow. so i don't see how he'd help the cavs. he can distribute, but how does that free up lebron from double teams? perhaps if he's out of work in september the cavs will consider it. just wondering if lebron s been working out his game..? his jumper is atrocious and he needs to develop his post game any update on this? thanks sir.. lebron is always working, he hinted at the end of the season he was interested in a shooting coach. i have not spoken to him since the end of the season, so i don't know what he's working on. i will ask when i have the chance. whatever happened to that young intern you were mentoring, brian? did he ever approach any of the cavs girls? you are referring to jordan zirm, he's starting college at the university of missouri in the fall. maybe someone else already asked this, but i would be interested in some sort of projection chart of the cavs salary cap for the next few years, with team options and player options, it is hard to understand what happens when. particularly, i am wondering if we are going to have any more offseasons with cap space before lebron can opt out. thank you. it is hard to predict because no one is sure what varejao and pavlovic will sign for. as it stands now, the cavs potentially could have million in cap space in two years when snow, donyell marshall, gooden and damon jones come off the cap. it's way to early to determine whether that will still be there then. the cavs are going after a title, not to save that space. why is mike brown against having an offensive coordinator? because he thinks he can coach offense and he thinks he's getting better. he and danny have told me it is unrealistic because the head coach should be the one calling the plays. it is easier to have a defensive coordinator, they say, because most defensive adjustments take place in timeouts and not on the fly. to me, it doesn't matter who calls the plays. i think the system is what needs some work. that is all for now. i have some more in my e-mail inbox, i will answer those in the next post. since this has been a quiet summer for cavs news, i figured it might be a good time to have a little forum here. if you have a question about the cavs or the nba, send it to me and i'll try to answer it. want to know about how the salary cap works, how trade exceptions are used, what exactly qualifying offers are, how do you match salaries in a trade, what bri is, what rumors are true or false, what sort of gum the cavs have in the locker room, whatever. if i don't know the answer, i'll try my best to find it out. send questions to firstname.lastname or leave them cleanly and respectfully in the comments section. i'll try to post some replies early next week. stephon marbury watched lebron james host the espys last weekend and apparently was amused. while guest hosting a blog for the new york post on friday, marbury ripped james several different ways, seeming to call him both a bad person and a clown. here is the quote: "you want to make me the clown i m not the dude on the espys, getting carried on a throne. i m not him. i m the good guy, not the bad guy. i don t want to be carried on the throne i just want to walk among the people." i believe this goes back to the spring when marbury got upset at some things lebron told the new york media before a game with the knicks at madison square garden. in brief, when asked whether he would ever have discount shoes like marbury's year old starbury line, james pretty much said he and nike have a higher standard. i remember the interview, i didn't think lebron was doing it with malice. however, it did come off like he was a taking a cheap shot at what marbury is trying to do and sounding like a nike elitist. which, by the way, he is. from a public relations standpoint, the starburys have been a hit. he was just in cleveland promoting them this week. he says he isn't doing it for the money, although he is surely making some, in addition to his million a year salary. i do not know marbury personally. i do know a couple of years ago, he proclaimed himself the best point guard in the nba. i know he has a reputation around the league of sometimes being selfish. he famously has never been on a good team. being from new york and playing for his hometown team like james, perhaps he wishes he was more well liked around the league. perhaps he wished he got them to the finals. perhaps he wishes he was on team usa. perhaps he wishes it was him hosting the espys and hosting saturday night live. he does like the spotlight of television, he hosts his own show in new york. then again, perhaps lebron did look a bit silly with that espy stuff. marbury made two appearances at cleveland malls this week, two more promo appearances than lebron will probably make anywhere in northeast ohio this summer. so he is "walking with the people" more. and, obviously, he's not afraid to point that out. --to start with, the mike bibby deal looks to be totally off. while i was confident last week because the talks were ongoing, with the kings signing mikki moore, they likely are no longer interested in drew gooden. there are all sorts of rumors flying around the league as to why the deal did not get done last week when it was on the table. i'm not going to relate them here, but let's just say some are weird and wild. the cavs really liked luis scola, who they could've acquired from the spurs if they were willing to take jackie butler after the bibby talks stopped. they were not, so they didn't get that deal done either. scola is an excellent pick-and-roll player and a good passer. he should excel in houston, rick adelman's offense needs good passing big men chris webber, vlade divac, etc. . --the cavs believe the best way for the team to improve is through a trade, not the free agent market. which is why they have been on the sidelines. some trades come off in a hurry, some take time. the cavs have been discussions with many teams. they do not have to make the trade today or even at the start of the season. because they are so close, what is important is the trade works. not how fast it is done. that may not be popular truth, but it is reality. --much of what happens in summer league can be thrown out, especially the stats. they are a basis to make some judgments, but more importantly vegas sort of gives an update on where players are. last year, for example, sasha pavlovic played and was pretty much terrible. obviously, it wasn't the end for him. that said, shannon brown was not especially impressive. he wasn't bad, he did some good things, but there were not signs that he was about to take a big step. he handled the ball a lot and made some nice passes, but he is not a point guard. he did not shoot well from the outside and overall did not execute at a high percentage went going to the basket. he did show some amazing athleticism, which is his best attribute. based on the way the cavs currently are put together, i find it hard to believe he will be able to play ahead of pavlovic, eric snow or daniel gibson. he is a better defender than damon jones, but his shooting issues will make it challenging for him to get major minutes. several coaches scouts told me they were underwhelmed by him. so that's the report, it isn't the final one, just the latest. --meanwhile, gibson picked right back up where left off at the end of the season. he missed two games with injury, but for the most part he shot well and let the game come to him. he continues to work on the little floater in the lane, which has the potential to be a nice weapon. the cavs front office is more convinced than ever that he could be a special player. --based on what i saw, the cavs coaches told me and other scouts and coaches said, there didn't appear to be any other players on the cavs summer team who are serious candidates to make the team. --right now, the cavs are considering opening the regular season with larry hughes at point guard. they are exploring other options to be sure, but in the short term it may very well be the best option if the roster stays intact. please consider the following: here are numbers from the games hughes started at point guard in the regular season: record: -ppg: .fg pct.: .464 apg: . in those games, hughes averaged .points and .assists. numbers when someone else started: record: -ppg: .fg pct.: .440 apg: . he may not be the total answer there, but i often think many fans overlook his value because everyone thinks about his contract first. he does not produce at a near-max deal level, that is a reality. he should not be shooting so many jumpers. but he is a quality player and was a big part of many cavs wins over the last two years. --the word going around the nba is that the spurs are ready to sign defensive wing ime udoka, who had a good year in portland last year. but right now the spurs are over the luxury-tax threshold and want to get under it to make the deal. the cavs have david wesley cap number 250,000 and a .million trade exception. there may be a deal to be made there, remember the cavs like third-string point guard beno udrih. the cavs could trade either for udrih, if the spurs can part with him for nothing in return, which isn't certain. although, they just gave away scola and butler for no players in return. las vegas -- so the cavs and kings are at it again with mike bibby. as one of the three writers who was swarming all over unlv to break this story yesterday, i still am not quite sure why this deal broke down. it certainly looked like it was going to happen when both damon jones and drew gooden were in the gym with the kings owners joe and gavin maloof and their entire front office. let me also pass this along, danny ferry really wanted the rights to luis scola from the spurs. i mean really, really, really wanted him. it would also make sense for the spurs not to hand players to a division rival for nothing but money. yet, no dice. the only thing i can think is the kings just still aren't happy with the package being offered. the cavs can offer gooden and expiring contracts ira newble, david wesley or they can offer gooden and a shooter jones or a combination of both. they are still trying to get a third team involved, just as they were for hours and hours back in february, to sweeten the package. with all this talk, my gut tells me this probably gets done at some point in the future. they aren't going to give up now. on the anderson varejao front, one league executive told me yesterday: "this is going to be one to watch." he meant for entertainment value, in a sick, detatched way. andy's agent, dan fegan, is looking for the big score. i'm talking about something like million a year. i believe the cavs are offering something much closer to million a year. you don't have to be a math major to know that is a wide gap. the cavs will not pay it and, because varejao is restricted and no teams who want varejao have cap space left, they will not have to pay it. they do not have to do a sign-and-trade for it if they don't feel like it, either. here's the thing, though, fegan does not like to compromise. he may rather have andy play out a one-year qualifying offer and become unrestricted next summer. now, this doesn't make a whole lot of sense to me. first off, because's a second round pick, his qualifying offer is only million. that means andy potentially would be leaving .million over the last three years combined. he may never make up that money. second, next summer the free agent market is deeper and there are no teams that will have a bunch of money. so if he leaves the cavs, it very likely would be just for the mid-level exception, which will be around .million next year. does that make sense? no, but it does make a point, which is what fegan might want to do. here's something you need to keep in mind that no one is talking about. andy really, really wants to play for brazil in next month's fiba americas tournament. he loves playing for the national team and the brazilians are fighting for one of the two spots in the olympics next year. with the americans and argentines there, they need their best players. andy can't risk playing without a contract, remember he blew out his shoulder playing for the national team two years ago. i have not spoken to andy since the season ended, so maybe his feelings have changed. but he's always expressed to me how he wants to make the basketball team as popular as a the national soccer team, when the whole country shuts down to watch. that is probably unrealistic, but andy always sounded passionate about it. anyway, that means the contract has to get done in the next few weeks if he wants to play. we'll see... las vegas -- greetings from south nevada, where the temps are hot and the action at the vegas summer league is, well, not. greg oden and kevin durant, the two headliners, haven't played well so far. no big deal, i've been to five summer leagues and see lots of top picks struggle. it means nothing, really. durant can't make a shot and oden keeps fouling, largely because he's using his hands too much. they will both be fine. but here's a few cavs happenings. --anderson varejao met with the memphis grizzlies over the weekend in las vegas. the cavs have also met with varejao's agent, dan fegan. varejao and the cavs are far apart right now, which is to be somewhat expected. as has been discussed here before, it is hard to put a value on him. that said, there are signs the grizzlies may present varejao with an official offer sheet after wednesday, when free agents may sign. depending on how aggressive the grizzlies are, the cavs will probably have to do some stewing. danny ferry has been saying he will match, which follows normal strategy. fegan has been playing hardball, which follows normal strategy. so we'll see what happens and just how much everybody values varejao, but things could heat up very soon. --daniel gibson played well the first two games, but couldn't finish either. he had a cut on his face that required stitches in the first game and he sprained his left ankle against the chinese on sunday. it isn't bad, but gibson told me it had swollen a bit. he'd been playing well, scoring points in the first half and often looking like the best player on the floor sudnay. at this point, he probably was. the cavs and gibson himself are not ruling out a return, but it's highly doubtful he'll play again this week. he told me he plans to workout again with john lucas in houston for the rest the summer, which is what he did last year. overall, he just continues to impress and the organization is extremely excited about his future. --shannon brown is playing with more poise than he showed last year. he's put some hard work into developing his mid-range game it seems. he is so very impressive with his aggressive drives to the basket and flashy dunks, which he's had a few of already. he had points against the chinese as he repeatedly drove to the basket and finished. but they were playing zone and couldn't stop him, so i don't know how to judge it. in the other games, including tonight when he went -of-against the suns, he's struggled to hit a high volume of shots. he has been playing point guard some, although he is not one and will not be one probably. he's thrown some great passes but he's dribble happy, often taking too long to get into a move. overall, he's better and he's still working very hard, he has a chance to make a push for playing time come this fall. --dwayne jones plays very hard and he fights for every rebound. his skills, though, are still very raw. not sure about his future with the team. --darius rice, a lanky -foot-shooter from miami, has been the most impressive non-roster player for the cavs. he scored points in the win over the suns and had against the spurs on saturday. the man can shoot and can create his shot a little bit for a guy his size. worth watching some more. the cavs have been quiet in free agency thus far, which was to be expected. without cap space to spend they were never going to be in the market for the big-name players. with restricted second-tier free agents like sasha pavlovic and anderson varejao, the game is going to have to play out for a little bit. here's some things to chew on: --the andres nocioni watch is in full effect and it involves anderson varejao. the chicago tribune, which has been all over this story, is reporting the bulls are still the front-runners to keep nocioni despite the memphis grizzlies' serious sales pitch. supposedly, the argentinan media is reporting el chapu has been offered million deal with the bulls. there is wide-spread speculation that if the grizzlies fail to get nocioni, they will target varejao. this is probably true. here is the thing, it would be hard to believe varejao would get the same offer as nocioni because he's an energy rebounder, not an offensive threat in addition to a talented defender like nocioni. even if varejao gets a deal that averages million, it seems the cavs will likely match even if it is a bit of an overpay. that is the life of restricted free agents. by the way, i still stand by my story that varejao's representation have told people he has an offer solid or not, on paper or not over the mid-level exception of around million to start. --expect cavs gm danny ferry to let the process play out with varejao and sasha pavlovic. last year, he waited all summer on drew gooden. gooden didn't get an offer sheet and ended up signing a very reasonable contract. if the grizzlies don't make varejao a big offer, he may have to do the same thing so and ferry may wait. if memphis or another signs him to a sheet, the cavs will take their time in thinking about it while other free agents may dry up. as for sasha, there doesn't seem to be much action at all going on with him right now. in judging the market, i'd say he ends up signing for somewhere between what matt carroll years, million signed. unless he gets an offer sheet, which is a possibility but as yet no major suitors have emerged, his market is probably a deal starting between million per season. then again, i could be wrong. --keep an eye on juan carlos navarro, a spanish guard who surprised some this week when he cut a deal with his euro team, fc barcelona, to come to the nba. i saw navarro play last summer in japan and i was impressed with him as shooter, both from mid and long range. if memory serves, he played shooting guard mostly for spain because jose calderon and sergio "spanish chocolate" rodriguez were running the point. but he ran the offense at times, i think. here are the stats. the washington wizards own his rights and have since , but he's a second-round pick and not subject to rookie salary scale. it sounds like this came as a surprise to the wizards, too. so here is the thing, based on my understanding of the salary cap, if the wizards want to sign navarro to something more than the minimum salary and he's not coming over for , folks they will have to use a piece of their mid-level exception. considering they also want to re-sign deshawn stevenson, whom they don't have bird rights to, it seems hard to believe they can do both. which is why there are rumors the wizards are listening to offers to help in the decision. the cavs may have interest in both navarro and wizards' restricted free agent andray blatche, whom the wizards have partial bird rights to so they won't have to use part of the exception with him. so it wouldn't be surprising if the cavs and wizards had some talks over this issue. the wizards seem to be looking to move etan thomas and or brendan haywood. thomas has a bad contract and good relations with head coach eddie jordan while haywood has a good contract and bad relations. just stuff to chew on. i'm the middle of an -hour travel day here but i have a few minutes. i gotten some various e-mails on the anderson varejao story i wrote for today's paper. please allow me to elaborate. in it, i quote an nba executive, and i'll tell you now that is it a general manager but not from the central division, who has been told by varejao's representation that he has an offer above the mid-level exception. i expected the mid-level to be between million, so higher to start. i personally speculated it could've been the grizzlies, but my source did not tell me that. but this morning i read about new grizzlies gm chris wallace in south america to meet with andres nocioni. it may be the grizzlies after varejao, it may not be. maybe it is from a team that wants to do a sign-and-trade with the cavs. it may be that there is no offer and there's posturing going on. but i know what is being put out there and so i reported it. let me just add two points here: even if it is overpaying a little, were someone actually able to sign varejao to a deal that averaged million per season, the feel is the cavs would likely match. athletic big men are hard to find and varejao is a potential long-term replacement for zydrunas ilgauskas. if it gets to million a season, then it's a different story. secondly, with darko millcic becoming an unrestricted free agent today, the game totally changes. darko is younger and has more upside, especially on offense, than varejao. with no restricted status to deal with, he may become more attactive than varejao all of a sudden. also, darko has the same agent, marc cornstein, as sasha pavlovic. so with all this stuff going on, and with cornstein spewing venom at the magic and it sounds like he's got a point pavlovic is on the back burner for now. it seems having pavlovic back is a large priority for danny ferry, so his contacts of players like morris peterson, matt carroll and the like are probably backup plans if sasha talks go poorly. - 148 - 345 - 275 - 471 - 188 - 125 - 164
__label__non_math	0.9999	we know you have a busy schedule and many tasks to juggle. that's why distance learning might be the best choice for you. elearning ohio offers flexible options for your education. you can take classes from anywhere and at times that are convenient. our students come from all walks of life. we serve students in ohio, across the united states, and around the globe. whether you want to earn a degree, brush up on skills to advance your career, or take classes for fun, there are opportunities for everyone. through elearning ohio, you can earn an associate's degree, bachelor's degree, or graduate degree, complete a certificate program or simply take a class or two. read through the options on the left under find your fit lorrie thompson completed her bsn through elearning ohio while maintaining a full-time nursing job and without interrupting her hectic day-to-day life. read full story . . .
__label__non_math	0.9998	orientation course changing lives when ladawna crumsley, business management major in the college of adult and graduate full story.. marine surprises grandmother by attending her graduation those who attended ohio christian university's commencement ceremony witnessed a touching show of support when ocu graduate and pinnacle honor society inductee, marilyn k. full story.. ocu graduates record 474 students ocu students present at conference two ocu students presented their original research at the 25th annual undergraduate research conference at butler university. full story.. brain surgery survivor becomes ags star student sandy ott fulfilled one of her major career goals when she was promoted to director at boyd county 911 after years of service. full story.. college of adult graduate studies announces a new business concentration in information technology ohio christian university is pleased to partner with the computer workshop, inc. tcw in dublin to offer an information technology concentration starting th full story.. ocu awards more than in scholarships ohio christian university awarded to students during the recent annual scholarship awards ceremony held in ocu s maxwell center. these merit- and need-based scholarships are made full story.. portman meets with students from ohio christian university on wednesday, , u.s. senator rob portman r-ohio , met with students from ohio christian university at his weekly constituent coffee in washington, d.c. full story.. john maxwell and cal thomas featured at ocu s leadership forum nearly ,000 people attended ohio christian university s seventh annual leadership forum on tuesday, april . headlining the forum was dr. john c. full story.. volunteers pitch in for community action day nearly 500 students, faculty and administrators from ohio christian university, along with students from logan elm high school, volunteered their time thursday for the annual ralph c. full story.. ocu alumni returning to the classroom alumni of ohio christian university are returning to the classroom, only this time as professors. full story.. drama team to perform finale event on sunday, april 21st download now pdf see past issues and send feedback are you an alumnus with a story to share? we want to feature your recent marriage, new baby, ministry involvement, or professional accomplishment in the next issue of ohiochristian. send an update summer band camp ocu ministerial institute presents: "get the story straight" act testing date new student registration day lancaster pike view map proud supporter of the columbus 2020regional growth strategy:
__label__non_math	0.9991	from ohio history central acanthodians were among the earliest fishes with jaws and are found in silurian through permian rocks. their fragmentary remains are found in devonian, mississippian, and pennsylvanian rocks in ohio. these remains consist of shiny, rhomboid-shaped scales and fin spines. fin spines of a comparatively large acanthodian, machaeracanthus, are found in the columbus limestone.
__label__math	0.9905	codebreaker.netbring the popular code breaking game to your windows mobile device. requirementsspecifically designed for the treo 700wx. should run just fine on all windows mobile devices. does not run on smart phone edition make sure to read the current issues before reporting defects requires the .net compact framework v2.available here ohloh computes statistics on foss projects by examining source code and commit history in source code management systems. this project has code locations but that location contains no recognizable source code for ohloh to analyze.
__label__non_math	1.0000	global health center ohsu collaborates with the global health community via the global health center. this center promotes quality and equity in healthcare worldwide. the global health center partners with domestic and international communities and develops programs for students, faculty, staff and partners promoting global health awareness, research, education and advocacy. residents use their elective time during their pgy2 and pgy3 years to pursue some form of a global health experience. some residents choose to enroll in intensive language courses in places such as costa rica and peru while others have traveled to experience health care in a different setting. in the last year five residents traveled to africa, developing a formal relationship between ohsu and the teaching hospital in gondar, ethiopia. residents have also traveled to china and india to learn about medical care in those countries. the residency program is supportive of residents who wish to do research or clinical electives in other international venues.
__label__non_math	1.0000	this office is here to assist faculty, staff, and students with issues related to the academic operations within the school of nursing, including academic policies, guidance with academic concerns or issues and direction with general program needs. view academic affairs org chart the office of academic affairs oaa has the responsibility for coordination across son degree programs in collaboration with the other schools and programs at ohsu. this office also coordinates program evaluation and quality improvement in collaboration with academic councils and is responsible for the development and delivery of statewide simulation, technology support, and faculty development. - academic policies - guidance with academic issues and direction with general program needs - coordination liaison across son degree programs in collaboration with the other school, units and programs at ohsu - coordinates program evaluation and quality improvement in collaboration with academic councils - curriculum management including maintaining official records from the academic councils - course scheduling - data management surveys - educational agreements clinical site contracts - development and delivery of statewide simulation - course and meeting technology support - office technology - sclc coordination - faculty development, specifically assessing teaching and curriculum strategies in our evolving educational environment - workload oversight for timeline and guidelines.
__label__non_math	0.9787	conference name: 3rd annual smart grids asia summit dates: september venue: pan pacific hotel, singapore contact name: eileen david contact email: eileen.email contact tel: contact fax: organiser name: ibc asia s pte ltd organiser url: organiser email: firstname.lastname organiser tel: organiser fax: as the first in asia to provide a smart grids platform, the smart grids asia summit is back for its 3rd annual run this september in singapore. with a central theme of investing in t d infrastructure renewable energy for continuous, efficient, reliable clean electricity , the 3rd annual smart grids asia summit will give you the chance to hear, first hand, the opportunities to invest in asia s t d infrastructure. with dedicated streams showcasing sessions closely examining the smart grid value chain, including case study highlights, this year s event brings together policy makers, regulators, utilities and ict providers to discuss the modernization of asia s transmission and distribution infrastructure with the end goal of delivering continuous, efficient, reliable and clean electricity supply. this is your platform to identify asia pacific s diverse electricity needs and new business opportunities, from major investments in t d foundations and upgrades to renewable energy development and energy efficient initiatives for sustainable energy supply of the future. meet with top level representatives from key government authorities and utilities from across the globe at this 3rd annual smart grids asia summit and be at the forefront of asia s t d infrastructure investment and developments uncover asia s electricity infrastructure needs at this 3rd annual smart grids asia summit - how competitive electricity markets in asia opens up the t d sector - key drivers opportunities for investments in asia s t d and renewable energy sector - stakeholder partnerships collaboration for smart grid development - telecommunications network development for a smarter, more efficient grid - transmission network expansion projects demand side planning - grid capacity reliability developments investments - grid and market requirements for realizing renewable energy resources - microgrids energy management in non-interconnected power systems - enabling the integration of new initiatives like electric vehicles - integration of new outage management systems to enhance control management of power outages what s new for ? - case studies uncovering t d renewable energy investment development opportunities - sessions closely examining the smart grid value chain - country representation from singapore, malaysia, philippines, india, china, vietnam, australia, canada, us japan - key drivers opportunities for investments in renewable energy smart grid technology - dedicated streams focusing on t d capacity, quality reliability of electricity supply and renewable energy resources, microgrids energy efficiency - special focus workshops hear what our past attendees have to say: - the most beneficial aspect of attending this conference is the excellent update from key governments and utilities in the region. it has been an excellent networking opportunity. - max bryan, principal engineer, alcatel lucent - smart grids asia was engaging with excellent quality presentations. what made this conference interesting and different was the international perspectives, not just from asia, but case studies from the us, canada, netherlands, greece sweden - mark de laeter, general manager, western power australia - the most beneficial aspect of attending this conference has been the global knowledge sharing of developments in smart grids. i was pleased with the level of detail involved in the different projects and case studies - christopher selvin, manager, electrical testing automation, tata power visit the 3rd annual smart grids asia website at for more information on the full programme agenda and speaker line-up.
__label__non_math	0.9966	oregon tech closes series with split at corban dylan rogers recorded two doubles and two homeruns while driving in seven runs to help the owls to a split with corban. keizer, ore. corban recorded hits to win -in game , while oregon tech held off a corban comeback bid in the nightcap, winning -to salvage a split in naia west action. oregon tech closes out the series with a -overall mark and is currently -in naia west action. the owls host la sierra in a pair of non-conference games beginning at noon at harry david field in medford on sunday. dylan rogers finished with a double and three rbi in the opening game, while alex reynolds added a pair of hits and scored twice in the loss. kory locken drove in a run, with pitcher hayden wolfe taking the loss in .innings on the mound. trailing -early, tech closed to within a run after a four run third inning. alex reynolds started the rally with a single to right field, while dustin norman singled to left and matt miller drew a walk to load the bases. kory locken put tech on the board after a fielder's choice plated reynolds. with bases loaded dylan rogers cleared the bases with a double to left center, as the owls trailed just -. it was all corban to the end, as the warriors scored five runs in the fourth to take control of the contest. cu would go up -with a single run in the fifth and two more in the sixth. oregon tech would score there last run in the final inning after matt miller drove in alex reynolds for the -margin. dylan rogers opened up game with a three-run homerun to put the owls up -, while an alex reynolds sacrifice fly in inning two made it a -ball game. corban answered with a single run in the third inning, but reynolds would drive in his second run of the game on a fielder s choice and make it a -game. in the fifth inning tech went up -after rogers hit a solo homerun, his second of the game, and the owls would move out to an -advantage when brad walters singled with two outs in the sixth inning to plate ryan hayden and kevin shulemson. corban made it an -game with a single run in the bottom half of the sixth, and after the owls added a single run in the seventh inning, via a matt miller sacrifice fly, the warriors closed the gap to -after a three-run seventh inning. tech would add a pair of insurance runs in the eighth inning. ryan hayden singled, followed by a double from rogers. back-to-back walks later in the inning would give tech an -cushion, while codey barrett kept the warrior bats quiet in the final two innings to secure the victory. dylan rogers finished -for-at the plate with two homeruns and a double, while scoring three times and driving in four. brad walter added two hits and two rbi, with alex reynolds driving in two. zack earle moved to -overall allowing eight hits over .innings and four earned runs. earle struck out four warriors, while adding a double and rbi at the plate. view related news by tag: athletics home archive back to all news
__label__math	0.9806	after a period of substantial growth through the 1990s, the juvenile arrest rate for drug abuse violations generally declined through . juvenile arrest rates for drug abuse violations, text only excel file - between and , the juvenile arrest rate for drug abuse violations increased . the rate declined between and , but the rate was more than the rate. - over the period, the juvenile drug arrest rate for whites peaked in and then held relatively constant through down . in contrast, the rate for blacks peaked in , then fell by . despite a recent increase for black youth between and the rate fell through and was below the peak. internet citation: ojjdp statistical briefing book. online. available: adapted from puzzanchera, c. and adams, b. . juvenile arrests . washington, d.c.: office of juvenile justice and delinquency prevention. usa.gov a component of the office of justice programs, u.s. department of justice
__label__non_math	0.9999	culture and community arts council of the 140- dolphin ave, kelowna, bc v1y 8a6 email: click here. elke lange, executive director produced in association with the the okanagan arts directory this is an alphabetical list of organizations in the category "r". click on a name below for the complete listing. red door photographic design red wagon writing and publishing services regional district of the central okanagan beverly rein harold rhenisch, author, writer, poet ritchcraft gallery framing river lewis margaret h robertson b.ed. rob ahlgren robert's custom framers rod mcauley romanza rotary centre for the arts rotary okanagan international children's festival rubber fetish runaway moon theatre
__label__non_math	0.9987	you're probably also the kind of person to be completely oblivious to all the spyware and viruses infesting your machine. more tests we think you'll like taken times. taken 882 times. find out whaty big catr you are taken 176 times. hey internet fiends taken times. bloque iii - jl taken times. taken 388 times. do you love yourself way too much? take this test to find out taken 626 times. see how much you want your lady and if you don t have one take the test anyway xxx taken times. who are you from lord of the rings? taken 669 times. how powerful is your spirit? taken times. do you watch showtime's hit series "the l word". of course you do. how into this show are you? let's find out
__label__non_math	0.9728	your result for the mythological goddess test ... indeed, you are erudite, sensual, martial, and saturnine. apparently the celts thought highly of her, which is only appropriate for a culture of head-hunters. it was not an uncommon practice for celtic warriors to decorate the exteriors of their domiciles with the severed heads of soldiers they killed in battle. not only did these household heads serve as an offering of thanks to the goddess, but they also bore witness to the combat proficiency of the inhabitant. there were other admirable characteristics unique to macha besides a taste for decapitation. she was initially one of those numerous "mother goddesses" we hear so much about. naturally this meant that she ruled over matters of fertility and such. she held absolute dominance over males, intimidating even the most virile of men with the sheer force of her insatiable sexuality. this dual aspect of her nature - patroness of fruitfulness and productivity as well as fierce and ruinous warrior - brought her the mighty title of "mother of life and death". the fifteen goddesses these are the categories of this test. if you score above average in all or none of the four variables: neit. erudite: minerva. sensual: aphrodite. martial: artemis. saturnine: persephone. erudite sensual: isis. erudite martial: sekhmet. erudite saturnine: nemesis. sensual martial: hera. sensual saturnine: bast. martial saturnine: ilamatecuhtli. erudite, sensual martial: maeve. erudite, sensual saturnine: freya. erudite, martial saturnine: sedna. sensual, martial saturnine: macha. your analysis vertical more tests we think you'll like taken 673 times. how powerful is your spirit? taken times. this test is to show which kind of wife you are, or will be if that is your thing . remember to answer honestly, otherwise any future spouses out th... taken 603 times. taken 884 times. find out whaty big catr you are taken 628 times. do you think you're a perfect roommate? let's find out taken times. find out if i think teaching high school is the right career for you taken 507 times. taken 626 times. see how much you want your lady and if you don t have one take the test anyway xxx taken times. taken times. bloque iii - jl
__label__non_math	1.0000	fergie celebrates her 37th birthday las vegas style photography by: splash news black eyed peas front woman fergie, born stacy ann ferguson, celebrated her 37th birthday at the 1oak nightclub in las vegas on friday night. the boom boom pow singer, married to actor josh duhamel, partied the night away at the mirage resort hotel casino after her actual birthday on mar. . after releasing the beginning in , the black eyed peas, which also includes will.i.am, taboo and apl.de.ap, announced that they d be going on hiatus.
__label__non_math	0.9968	olbg news help issues, news, comments and ideas about olbg, the forum, the tipster competition to discuss with other members please use the contact form for specific support requests fri expert10 olbg get togethers news and info on formal and informal meetings with your olbg friends thu casino55 work together to find the best bets and strategies for betting on horses. sat ineedatimemachine cheltenham festival betting discuss each of the cheltenham festival races here and work together to find the best bets. olbg are sponsors of the mares hurdle on the first day of the festival. sun miniman discussion of the grand national at aintree. seperate threads for the scottish, welsh, irish, midlands and any other nationals sat budgie27 from premiership to the minor european and amercian leagues. a value bet is a value bet sat underdogslover world cup betting outright, group, and match betting on the biggest tournament of them all. fri charlesthotter euro betting discussion of all the markets and matches for the euro tournament mon flood48 discuss golf betting and help each other to find the best bets. fri hoppy1 tennis betting discussion forum. work together to find the best bets. nba, college and international tournaments thu marius21 american football betting nfl, cfl, college football, nfl europe wed nimblehippo six nations, super league, heineken cup, zurich premiership more sat hansa87 domestic internation, fixed odds spreads fri fairfranco mlb international baseball thu shakshak1 ice hockey betting nhl and other ice hockey tournaments thu stefi777 betting discussion on those hare chasing dogs. sat dadstoby tv specials betting big brother, x-factor, im a celebrity, strictly come dancing, politics, christmas no. , white xmas, oscars and more fri fairfranco players, tournements, matches, tv coverage more tue dammo qwirky discussion about betting on boxing including prize fighter, ufc and mma sat romanykingii discuss darts betting here and support our olbg sponsored darts pro matt edgar matman86 thu micko70 formula betting discuss forumula betting and other motor sports betting here. thu mayaviaero50 betting trading exchanges trading on the betting exchanges plus related discussions on arbs, bots and exchange tools mon man o bong spread betting financial betting discuss sports and financial spread betting, fixed odds finanical betting and the stock market wed frankiex other sports betting for discussing bets on sports which arent yet popular enough to have their own forums. for major events such as olympics please use the specific events forums. betting and analysis on the eurovision song contest sat meldettori seperate forum set up to discuss the london olympics and find the best bets. now ready for brazil fri inocencio betting chat and help general chat about betting, tips or whatever non betting related chat about anything advice on how to bet sensibly and what to do if you think you have a gambling problem tipster comp team banter tipster team threads and banter - keep it friendly though : fri stringfellow poker, casino games olbg poker nights join other olbg members for a bit of real poker action every monday thursday evening chat about poker strategies, online tournaments more fri chandos1984 online gambling skill games other than poker such as backgammon, pool, chess and virtual racing trainers discuss blackjack strategies, roulette, craps, bacarrat, slots more bingo games online bingo and gambling games thu investor23 personal threads challenges can you turn 200 into ,000 in a month? why not have a go in this fun self scored competition. thu aidenrock betting blogs and systems personal blogs and systems threads. also the place to blog if you want to become a blogger but we havent seen enough of your quality content yet to give you your own blog area. sat inocencio share your lucky15 bet every day track your progress through the month tue thebettingguru football and other sporting challenges threads sat borutko olbg v the bookies olbg are giving the forum 100 of real money per week to bet on the premiership. then we share the money ay the end of the season. sat inplayking private forum for people who have agreed to help us with testing of new sites and features tue online trader a forum for students to chat about the university challenge, student offers, etc mon antony olbg the olbg survey the serious side of olbg where we discuss topics ranging from gambling problems to race fixing. jump in on the debate to express your views and opinions. who is online our users have posted a total of articles we have registered users the newest registered user is easymoney94z in total there are 508 users online :: 197 registered, hidden and 309 guests administrator moderator most users ever online was on mon registered users: , albionant, alexman, all in, alternative, anamaria, andy139s, andybolts, andysafc, antiprotivan, arbokk, arrogutottu, atlepso, bayanagaribanu, bgvandalov, big al, big eck, bigjeff, bitbet, blackcrow, bluewin, bmm222, bobhow, bobyji, borutko, borzem, bovada service, brucey77, bullsman, capstan, casiel, cazzaragi, champion7, chops4, chrisnzeb, chrissmith1992, ciaron21, claudiu35, cogsy63, colemanb, dadstoby, darotg, dat8ja, david6996, deanbl105, denisvejar, devonbarrett, dingus, dlb1906, dodgydodge, donkeenu, donvito, dougys123, dreamsan, dufferuk, dukica, dviv, easymoney94z, eymerichh, fideliso, freeuktips, gamblermk2, ghowarth76, gman84, gmoney08, goldag99, gordonianhunter, grimrob, gspccoys, gunner242, hansa87, hatebet, hazelwoodloui, hicky34, horsewarrior, hotmeak, huskie888, ineedatimemachine, jayb72, jhdw925, jibberjag, jlb2000, jughead, , kankeano kansascitystar, kburza, kehoe1, kennydoomed, kerwant, kevtheclaret, kickazz, kiki, kingsy123, kini8888, kobleee4, kono123, kylerob, laneysnr, lcool2012, leepoole, lekozaur, lenny888, leroy70, luciyan06, magnit, , man o bong manuiel, markhel, martinscoco, matman86, mcrookie, mdrefc, meldettori, mguru, michaelbrennan1990, mihaibbw, mikescot, mizone41, moggie, monalisa, mr game, mrjolson, mrtopbanana, myagi007, nevets, nickdunne, nimblehippo, noryifd, ntg1965, nyquil, onion8r, orion450, osvetnik75, owenjohn, pandas, passagir, patgoer, pauljukes, pepe123, pepsigo3, peterb4, r5o3m9c1io, rasputine, raulaha, romanp54, romanykingii, roxxyy, sellers01, senrim, shanks050184, silverfox, sivaiah, skylinerob, smaksveta, smartins1234, smoggyfever, smucke82, snapsc, socialburn, spoggy, stmaam, stuzer, surendn, telstar, texpool, the rymer, theda, thehurricaneflys, thewish, thorneyra, tibbyade, tina777, tjv1498, tookey1, tskitski, tyrone3165, uls2000, underdogslover, unimalte, vasilismono, viosieu1970, vivathedonnas, vroom123, w0011ey, wacker297, wald, warhorse, welshpip, wiiforn, wingwizard21, workstationm, ybsteam, yeubongda, zilzal21, zokan, zoran69, zulu2000 this data is based on users active over the past sixty minutes no new posts forum is locked
__label__non_math	0.9989	originally published o lord of humans, make my master faithful to his fellowmen as i am to him. grant that he may be devoted to his friends and family as i am to him. may he be openfaced and undeceptive as i am; may he be true to trust reposed in him as i am to his. give him a face cheerful like unto my wagging tail; give him a spirit of gratitude like unto my licking tongue. fill him with patience like unto mine that awaits his footsteps uncomplainingly for hours; fill him with my watchfulness, my courage, and my readiness to sacrifice comfort or life. keep him always young in heart and crowded with the spirit of play even as i. make him as good a man as i am a dog; make him worthy of me, his dog.
__label__non_math	0.9899	permanent good health a possibility? originally published is the possession and maintenance of permanent good health in most of us a possibility? this can undoubtedly be answered in the affirmative. by the proper use of certain simple, harmless means and principles presented herein, permanent good health can be maintained in the average person throughout a fairly long life. these statements may appear bold or even unbelievable, but in most instances they can be proven to be true by the simple expedient of the actual, practical employment of the methods and means presented in the cases of the sick and ailing. these claims are direct no excuses are tolerated. by permanent good health the writer infers lasting good health; the freedom from or absence of numerous, frequent, incapacitating sicknesses or illnesses ; the absence of the constant complaint of ailing, sickly people; the possession of a state of health which is lasting, comfortable and stable, without the presence of 'aches and pains in different parts of the body, or any other complaints. the writer does not infer that diseases, illnesses or sicknesses will not take place they will but with the constant watchfulness and timely use of and the adherence to the means and principles presented herein, these illnesses in most cases will be of short duration, not permitted to become life-endangering, will be quickly relieved and cured. let us take, for example, a severe cold or a severe attack of the grippe or influenza. instead of the patient being laid up and incapacitated for many days or weeks when the usual methods are used, and with the possibility of other serious complications such as pneumonia, etc., setting in, when the methods and means presented herein are used, the patient will quickly get well within a few days or less, thus avoiding the dangers of complications, the loss of time and financial loss. these statements are equally true of most serious sicknesses. as a general rule, infants and children can be kept well very easily and nicely by the faithful and efficient application of the principles and means of this system of medicine; illness can in most cases be prevented by the timely use of these methods. many of the theories, principles and methods of this simplified system of medicine, which makes claim especially for ease and mathematical definiteness of both the prevention of illnesses and diseases, and for the rapid, simple and inexpensive alleviation or cure of most of our diseases, have been published in the leading medical journals of the land covering a period of more than fifteen years. these publications have appeared. in "the laryngoscope," "the new york medical journal," "the medical journal and record," "the medical review of reviews," "the dental digest," "the medical clinics of north america," "the eye, ear, nose and throat monthly," etc. by the careful and conscientious application of the principles of this system and the efficient execution of its means, more than per cent of all our ailments and diseases will be prevented; and by the same means, the vast majority of our diseases can be efficiently, rapidly and quite pleasantly cured. many diseases that cannot be cured, can at least obtain much relief or be alleviated. as a general rule, by the use of these same simple methods and therapy, complications are made impossible, and thus the greatest terror and worry of the doctor and public are eliminated. permanent good health in the average individual can be uniformly maintained, and in most cases, it can be restored when absent. most of our common, everyday diseases are preventable in the full sense of the word. the goal of permanent good health can be attained by the average ailing person.
__label__non_math	0.9998	you are very welcome to let us know about significant errors in proceedings and ordinary's accounts. please provide as much detail as possible about the nature of the error or omission in the box below. however, please note that we have limited resources to deal with corrections, and it may take some time for revisions to appear. we cannot change errors, typographical or factual, that were made in the original text. we prioritise the following: - errors in person and place names - errors in the categorisation of crimes, verdicts and punishments - errors in dates - missing pages of text - missing images and errors in links to images minor typographical errors such as f for long s may be corrected but we cannot guarantee this. you are not currently logged in.
__label__non_math	0.9966	soooooo much white, crazy spoiler and the deepest rear offset bbs's i have seen on any one wackiest 's super car in the world. check out that rear duckbill, it's massive. it reminds me of the crazy motorbike and car modding style in japan called bosozoku. that's gotta be rare even for oregon, i wonder where the owner found it? it's from alaska? ten months out of the year it'd be impossible to find where you parked it. wow talk about rarity crazy, crazy, crazy.and cool. very cool.i commend you on your sharp sight. photos are terrific i feel sorry for that poor car. there is so much wrong here, i don't know where to begin... fun to know this exists and try to figure out the history. do we really believe that there were only made? i really wish this had the gemballa graphics, for some reason not having them makes me question its obvious authenticity. i suppose this might be a best of? or a wackiest of. just a shame that apparently they don't have performance to match the looks. 's not a duck tail, it's a whale tail. those mirrors are over the top also: if it's not authentic then someone went to great lengths to recreate the color-matched red piped interior... the gauges don't look like gemballa units unless this is an early car. who would tackle making reproduction spoilers, body panels and mirrors for a car this rare? someone please find me an avalanche registry or some other way to trace this car's provenance. this is a good website for anyone who wants to learn more about them. later ones actually had rear view camera's instead of mirrors, so if this one is real, it is an early model . there were only made and each had their own custom touches different from the others so this one may very well be real. very interesting piece of machinery. i want to drive around the pearl district blasting the theme to miami vice in this, wearing a sport coat with a t-shirt. and no socks. is this what they used for the moby dick prototype? is'nt this from ghostbusters? the marshmallow car. holy crap, so 's it's nuts-i love it. i would chop off my left testicle to have this car. post a comment
__label__non_math	1.0000	please wait while we process your request. this should only take a few moments. get your questions answered by one of our product specialists if you have questions about product availability, pricing, ordering, delivery, international shipping, or other service issues, please call -800-977- customer service available mon-fri - , sat-sun - est is your leading online source for air beds, sheets, mattresses, and bedding accessories
__label__non_math	0.9924	jonathan is the director of ministry teams at olivet nazarene university. before becoming a full-time graduate student at the university of chicago, he was the coordinator of chapel worship at olivet from to . he is passionate about seeing young people changed and transformed through the power of the holy spirit, living in relationships with jesus and each other. he is credentialed a minister, holding a district license through the chicago central district of the church of the nazarene. in , jonathan married his college sweetheart, kate myatt . jonathan and kate reside in bourbonnais.
__label__non_math	1.0000	can you believe it is week of our sharing memories - a genealogy journey join in each sunday as we write and share our memories of childhood. your descendants will be thankful that you did what was the first movie you ever went to? not something you watched on television but at a movie theatre. how old were you? who did you go with? was the movie theatre in your town or somewhere else? what do you remember about the experience - did you buy popcorn or chocolates or candy or.... something else? maybe it was the drive-in with a date? i grew up in a small village about minutes drive from a major city and within minutes of a couple of small towns and cities. we had no movie theatre so i didn't get to do the typical saturday routine of cartoons at the movie house. my former sister-in-law took me to my first movie. i was about years old and alfred hitchcock's psycho was playing. my mother had forbidden my sister in law to take me, saying it would give me nightmares. but jeannette took me anyway it was so exciting and thrilling for me to have so many special things that day. first, i was going to the movies i was terrified during the movie. i don't remember what, if anything, we had to eat or drink but i suspect it was coke and popcorn. and yes, i did have nightmares from which i woke up screaming and crying. i remember my mother being so angry with jeannette for disobeying her and as an adult i can understand why. but at the time i was full of admiration for jeannette for standing up to my mother and not obeying. it made me feel so special to have my brother's wife bother with me. even though i was frightened by the movie i wouldn't change that experience for the world. my second movie was many years later with a boyfriend when i was a teen. he took me all the way to toronto the big city i didn't go to very many movies as a kid or teenager and maybe that explains why i've never been a big movie goer as an adult. i prefer to watch them on my big screen tv in the comfort of my home and my easy chair what were your movie-going experiences?
__label__non_math	1.0000	we have some nice discounts right now so stop in and check it out. 100 200 300 400 500 omaha marine center is now in the snow ski and snowboard biz. with brands like salomon, obermeyer, descente and dna, why would you shop at a big box store and look like everyone else on the mountain? omaha marine center will carry limited number of high performance ski wear styles so you are less likely to be wearing the same thing as the person next to you. stop in check it out and talk with a ski or snowboard enthusiast about your needs. on-site ski and snowboard tuning have you ever brought your skis or snowboard to a shop and the guy behind the counter looks at you like you just handed him something from mars or told you that guy only comes in once a week? well not here, we have been snow enthusiasts for many years and are trained on our new montana ski tuning equipment to make sure you get the best tune for the snow conditions you will be riding on. from the base grinder to the stone grinder and then to the future wax machine only one for 500 miles around your skis or snowboard will be better then new. check out our new ski tuning equipment today
__label__non_math	0.9999	he grew up right before our very eyes, going from child pop phenomenon to teenage superstar, now justin bieber is back with a new look and a new sound in his third studio album, believe. after the album s first listen, it s clear that bieber draws inspiration from justin timberlake s justified disc, as he s delved more into an older, r b sound, which should get listeners to take the teen heartthrob more seriously and get him some decent radio airplay, despite the shocking fact that the -year-old still has yet to break number one on the us billboard hot 100 chart. justin s second single all around the world ft. ludacris kicks the album off and really sets the tone for the rest of the record, setting up other big beat dance tracks such as as long as you love me and the fun beauty and the beat which includes nicki minaj rapping, justin bieber you know i mma hit em with the ether buns out, wiener but i gotta keep a eye out for selena old school justin bieber fans, or beliebers, will fall in love with the singer s silky smooth vocals in believe , the album s title track about believing in yourself, dedicated to his faithful followers. also, be sure to check out the deluxe edition to hear maria bieber s version of michael jackson s billie jean , as he sings about mariah yeater, the woman who publicly alleged that the star with the father of her child. recommended tracks: all around the world, boyfriend, fall, thought of you, beauty and a beat
__label__non_math	0.9444	application: rat livers exposed to petroleum recommended product: omni th or thq tissue homogenizer rat livers were weighed and homogenized for min using a rotor stator homogenizer ultra-turrax . probe: 7mm saw tooth or omni tip disposable probes for a pdf re-print of the full article, enter your name and e-mail address below:
__label__non_math	0.9453	lithuanian is a baltic language related to latvian and old prussian with about .million speakers in lithuania. there are also lithuanian speakers in poland, the usa, brazil, argentina, canada, the uk and uruguay. lithuanian first appeared in print in the form of a catechism in . the first lithuanian dictionary was printed during the 17th century. between and the printing and teaching of lithuanian was banned - russian, polish, belarusian or latin had to be used instead. after this ban was lifted in , there was a resurgence of lithuanian literature. from to lithuania was independent and over ,000 books in lithuanian were published. during the soviet period , literature in lithuania tended to follow the socialist realist model, while lithuanian ex-pats wrote mainly about the culture and traditions of lithuania. since , when lithuania once more gained its independence, a large number of publications in lithuanian has appeared, including newspapers, magazines and scientific and technical works. lithuanian is the state language of lithuania and one of the official languages of the european union eu . it is also recognised as a minority language in poland. visi mon s gimsta laisvi ir lyg s savo orumu ir teis mis. jiems suteiktas protas ir s in ir jie turi elgtis vienas kito at vilgiu kaip broliai. all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights. they are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood. article of the universal declaration of human rights online lithuanian phrases online lithuanian news online lithuanian radio hosted by kualo
__label__non_math	0.6345	for me it was fun to play when i was young. later, it was fun to watch my kids playing. now it leaves me cold. when the olympics is on i guiltily hunt for a movie channel. i enjoy none of the vicarious pleasure from watching sport that others seem to get, and in a small way i am worried about this. i just don t get why sport is important in our society, and so i ask myself lots of questions about it. perhaps you can help me find some answers. which is the best sporting nation? this is a regular bar topic, but can we really be objective? we don t need to be objective if we can rely on statistics. tarik s ??? rates usa the best by a good margin across a broad range of sporting events. we get a score of 134 next in line is australia with a score of . these scores are based on achievement in , and are bound to fluctuate over the years. however, these two rankings are also found here dubiously based only on opinions of a volunteer sample. so the question should really be addressed as an average over time. if australia can come second in a global medal tally, even though it has only one tenth of the population of the usa, by population usa is 3rd and australia is rd does that not indicate that they may be on average better at sports than americans? does that make their country better at sport? i think they could only achieve that result if they had a higher participation rate. what does all this say about the country itself. excellence in sport across the whole spectrum of events can only be achieved in the absence of unfair government assistance if the people have sufficient affluence and spare time to spend on elite sporting activity. so it is probably a good indicator of the quality of life in the country. but then it appears that african americans are higher achievers than white americans, so what happened to the correlation with affluence? is it all about genes? there are no african genes in australian sport, and no significant genetic differences with europeans or white americans. then there is the opportunity cost. if the people spent their time doing something more productive, say science, then perhaps their country could be top ranking in another field, that might make them smarter, but would it make them happier? perhaps it all has more to do with the weather. both australia and the usa have plenty of good weather for sports training. this conclusion is reinforced by the fact that australia has little cold weather and it achieves poorly at the winter olympics. does elite sport have any intrinsic value at all for the individual or the nation. the health benefits of participation are obvious, but at the elite level it probably does more harm than good to the body. is it good for the nation? is it good for the mentality of the player? because sporting achievers are looked up to, should they have to live up to the role model image for the sake of children? is sporting achievement a reliable indicator of the quality of an american college? is sport in any way a model for life? does it build character that makes players more able to cope with adversity, pain, competition, studies, or business? should we also consider the mental impact on those who lose at sport continually? if playing sport is virtuous, is there any virtue in being only a spectator? does any particular sport stand out as being better for the player or for the nation?
__label__non_math	0.9654	reviewers: li liu, md introductionthe decision to administer adjuvant chemotherapy to patients with colorectal cancer is primarily based on tumor staging. lymph node involvement is a critical component of the staging system. various methods have been utilized in addition to conventional microscopic exam to increase the sensitivity and specificity of identifying tumor cells in the lymph nodes. dr. cagir and his colleagues form thomas jefferson university medical center examined the expression of guanylyl cyclase c messenger rna mrna in lymph nodes of patients with node-negative colorectal cancer. methodmrna in lymph nodes from patients with node-negative colorectal cancer who had undergone surgery were analyzed using reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction rt-pcr . of these, patients had no evidence of disease for or more years after surgery, and developed metastases within years after surgery. discussionexpression of guanylyl cyclase c mrna appeared to be strongly associated with the presence of colorectal cancer micrometastases that could not be detected by standard histopathologic examination. this study may help physicians to identify the subgroup of patients with colorectal cancer who may benefit from early administration of adjuvant chemotherapy.
__label__non_math	1.0000	dublin gaa tara jacket navy stay dry and comfortable through wet weather training sessions with a dublin tara jacket. this jacket features water-repellent fabric and elastic cuffs. the dublin rain jacket is easily packable and can be used for a wide range of sporting activities. - elastic cuffs - official dublin crest on left chest
__label__non_math	1.0000	is off to a groundbreaking start for nigerian fashion designer lanre da silva ajayi lda of self-named design brand as she continues to set the pace in african fashion. this february saw the debut of the lda brand at the famous retail store of world design giant- dolce gabbana, pieces from lda s spring summer collection specially tagged butterfly kisses can now be bought at the dolce gabbana spiga2 concept store located in milan, italy. lda is the first african designer to be selected to stock her pieces in the spiga2 concept store, which was as a result of the lda participation at the june pitti immagine trade show in florence, italy organized by lagos fashion and design week and style house files, the platform responsible for curating the designers who represent the industry at the trade show. more about lda over the last seven years, lanre da silva ajayi has created a name for herself in high fashion in nigeria. with a remarkable eye for luxury fabrics and prints, she has taken the fashion industry by storm with her unique pieces. she continues to set the bar high with her impeccable designs and mind blowing couture pieces. strongly inspired by the vintage era, she continues to stay true to her aesthetic but at the same time, keeping up with the trends. she creates timeless pieces using mixed fabrics, colours, patterns, prints, and even traditional fabrics to produce a range of pieces, from day wear to evening wear to haute couture. in , lda caught the eye of editor-in-chief of vogue italia, franca sozzani who visited the designer s studio based in the ikoyi area of lagos, nigeria, since then lda has been featured several times on vogue italia and in l uomo vogue, may-june - rebranding africa issue. this then led on to the brand s involvement in the yoox.com special retail project that was spearheaded by vogue italia. in december , lda was part of the ndani style house files collaboration pop store project in selfirdges, uk, pieces of the brand were displayed for one month in the iconic departmental store on oxford street in london.
__label__non_math	0.9999	a spider s web observe the spider's web and find in it a most suggestive picture of the hypocrite's religion. it is meant to catch his prey: the spider fattens himself on flies, and the pharisee has his reward. foolish people are easily trapped by the loud professions of pretenders, and even the more discerning cannot always escape. philip baptized simon magus, whose deceitful declaration of faith was so quickly exposed by the stern rebuke of peter. routine and reputation, praise and promotion, along with other flies, are the small game that hypocrites take in their nets. a spider's web is a marvel of skill: look at it and admire the tricks of this cunning hunter. the deceiver's religion is equally seductive. how does he make so barefaced a lie appear to be a truth? how can he make his tinsel look so much like gold? a spider's web emerges all from the creature itself. the bee gathers her wax from flowers; the spider doesn't, but still she spins her material to great length. in the same way hypocrites find their trust and hope within themselves; their anchor was forged on their own anvil, and their rope twisted by their own hands. they rest upon their own foundation and carve out the pillars from their own house, scorning the thought of being debtors to the sovereign grace of god. but a spider's web is very frail. it is curiously constructed, but not enduringly manufactured. it is no match for the servant's broom or the traveler's staff. the hypocrite does not need a battery of cannons to blow his hope to pieces; a mere puff of wind will do it. hypocritical cobwebs will soon come down when the broom of destruction begins its purifying work. which reminds us of one more thought-namely, that such cobwebs are not to be tolerated in the lord's house: he will see to it that the webs and those who spin them will be utterly destroyed. my soul, make sure to rest on something better than a spider's web. take the lord jesus as your eternal hiding-place. family bible reading plan click here to learn more about truth for life from morning evening revised and edited by alistair begg
__label__non_math	1.0000	for the lord your god is a consuming fire. from the father's heart my child, i love you, but my love will not tolerate other "gods" or "idols" in your heart. my holiness is like a consuming fire that burns through all the chaff of your life. always keep me first in your life. make every moment count for me. no, you cannot do it alone. but trust me to purify every motive and burn away every useless thought until you emerge through the fire, pure as gold. a grateful response lord, my worthless deeds and thoughtless words are as ashes in your purifying fire. you've redeemed even the careless years, sparked by matches of rebellion. you are a consuming fire. but instead of destroying me with your anger, you've brought beauty out of ashes and consumed me with your love. the best test of character is what you do when no one is looking. for more from rebecca, please visit to sign up for rebecca's new encouraging blog newsletter, or to purchase her newest devotional books from zondervan - day-votions for women, day-votions for mothers, and day-votions for grandmothers - please click here. , rebecca barlow jordan, daily in your presence, used by permission,
__label__non_math	0.9999	work on one region forward will build upon, reinforce and support the collaborative efforts of the past and coordinate with those now underway. we will bring together research, the knowledge of subject-matter experts, and community-wide conversations that will make buffalo niagara more sustainable for decades to come. the plan will be a practical road map for promoting more efficient land use patterns, improving mobility, strengthening our basic infrastructure, growing a 21st century economy, protecting housing and neighborhoods, ensuring broad access to healthy food, and mounting our region s response to the challenge of global climate change. it will also bring together key actors to get things done and share what they learn with the region, equip our civic and business leaders with online tools and technical assistance to make smart decisions to make sustainability work here, and empower the people of buffalo niagara to drive positive, sustainable change for their communities. how we will work we have forged a partnership, embracing key government, business, and non-profit leadership to ensure the plan has strong support from those who will be most responsible for implementing its recommendations. this also includes the elected officials and business people who will need to translate the plan into action at the local level. we are working to understand our situation, starting with a review of current and recent planning to help us frame a starting conversation about our regional vision and values. we will also conduct demographic, economic, and geographic analysis of our region to better understand our challenges and opportunities. we will engage the public throughout the process with broad-based community congress events at the beginning, middle, and end. our private sector and local government councils will provide a special forum for key actors to review the work in progress. an active and interactive website will provide information on the ongoing work and opportunities to comment. community groups that wish to host a presentation and discussion of the work should contact 1rf staff to schedule a visit. we will chart a course for the region, building a plan through the interaction of the steering committee, working teams of stakeholders and subject matter experts, and robust public reviews. this will encompass an ensemble of policies, programs, and projects specific action steps to help us create a more sustainable region. it will also identify a series of key performance indicators to help us measure our progress toward our goals. we will take action, implementing the plan and learning as we go through a series of implementation councils. these will convene key actors to focus on demonstration projects throughout the region. we want to get things done and learn from the experience to move sustainable practices from experimentation to standard operating procedure. we ll also mount a citizen planning school to help citizens better understand the issues and participate in the ongoing work.
__label__non_math	0.9975	ever wondered what it would be like to combine a nightclub with a yoga class? well the answer is yogarave. much like the name suggests, yoga has been mixed with live san skrit fusion music,meditation and dancing. get ready for drug free ecstasy mr. blonde: listen kid, i'm not gonna bullshit you, all right? i don't give a good fuck what you know, or don't know, but i'm gonna torture you anyway, regardless. not to get information. it's amusing, to me, to torture a cop. you can say anything you want cause i've heard it all before. all you can do is pray for a quick death, which you ain't gonna get. he removes his razor mr. blonde: you ever listen to k-billy's 'super sounds of the seventies' weekend? it's my personal favorite. mr. braddock: ben, what are you doing? benjamin: well, i would say that i'm just drifting. here in the pool. mr. braddock: why? benjamin: well, it's very comfortable just to drift here. mr. braddock: have you thought about graduate school? benjamin: no. mr. braddock: would you mind telling me then what those four years of college were for? what was the point of all that hard work? benjamin: you got me. mark 'rent-boy' renton: i don't feel the sickness yet, but it's in the post. that's for sure. i'm in the junkie limbo at the moment. too ill to sleep. too tired to stay awake, but the sickness is on its way. sweat, chills, nausea. pain and craving. a need like nothing else i've ever known will soon take hold of me. it's on its way. donnie: matter-of-factly first of all, papa smurf didn't create smurfette. gargamel did. she was sent in as gargamel's evil spy with the intention of destroying the smurf village. but the overwhelming goodness of the smurf way of life transformed her. and as for the whole gang-bang scenario -- it just couldn't happen. smurfs are asexual. they don't even have reproductive organs under those little white pants. that's what's so illogical, you know, about being a smurf. what's the point of living... if you don't have a dick? bondar: no hay banda gordie: alright, alright, mickey's a mouse, donald's a duck, pluto's a dog. what's goofy? vern: if i could only have one food for the rest of my life? that's easy-pez. cherry-flavored pez. no question about it. teddy: goofy's a dog. he's definitely a dog. gordie: i knew the ,000 question was fixed. there's no way anybody could know that much about opera
__label__non_math	0.9665	we went hunting for a little girl's costume that would swoop in and steal the show, and look what we brought back to the nest see product details based on review reviewed by customer displaying review back to top about me trendy comments about princess paradise holly owl halloween costume -mos.: this costume is so wonderful. my year old loves to wear it and gets tons of compliments. when i received it in the mail it was beyond what i was expecting everything about it is wonderful , the material, the fit, its true to size. the only thing is i wish the hat stayed on better , my child loves to pull it off bottom line yes, i would recommend this to a friend was this review helpful? yes no - you may also flag this review do you have questions about this product? get answers from real customers and in-house experts. answer this question do you have a question about this product? find thoughtfully selected products at one step ahead to help you and your baby...every step of the way shop online or call -800-274- one step ahead baby
__label__non_math	0.9996	kids hold all the cards, with these neat-and-easy playing card holders see product details based on reviews of respondents would recommend this to a friend. reviewed by customers displaying reviews - back to top about me recreational player comments about jobar kids playing card holders: i ordered this set of card holders for my two kids. we enjoy playing cards but often have to deal fewer cards than necessary so they can hold all of them at once. these holders make it possible for us to deal all the cards in every game. cards stay in the holders well, and the slight arch keeps us from being able to see each others' hands. they are relatively small, so we can take them with us when we travel as well. the only complaint is that they fall over easily since the "feet" are only on one side. overall, a great idea and a good fix for my little ones. bottom line yes, i would recommend this to a friend was this review helpful? yes no - you may also flag this review great for preschoolers by smart mommy about me parent of two or more children my three and five year old love these. they would get so frustrated when playing card games because their little hands couldn't hold all the cards. now they want to play card games all the time by mother of two little girls my children love this product of customers found this review helpful about me first time parent my four-year-old daughter struggled with holding all of her old maid, go fish, or uno cards when we played together. not anymore of customers found this review helpful wonderful gift idea for children about me grandparent i ordered this for my grandchildren. they love playing cards and these card holders are a big help for their little hands. we use the card holders for playing old maid and phase . one step ahead always delivers products promptly to me. thanks. find thoughtfully selected products at one step ahead to help you and your baby...every step of the way shop online or call -800-274- one step ahead baby
__label__non_math	1.0000	ms-panty high waist slimmer post partum panty item : eager to smooth that post-pregnancy tummy? this doctor and mom-designed compression panty offers comfortable, slimming, post-partum support. unlike some belly wraps and girdles, it goes on easily and offers no boa constrictor-like tightening see product details
__label__non_math	0.9985	no more waiting for food to cool. don't make hungry kids wait see product details based on reviews of respondents would recommend this to a friend. reviewed by customers displaying reviews - back to top about me first time parent comments about tudy's mac cool quick cooling dish: at first i thought this was kind of a dumb product but after reading the reviews i thought i would give this a try. i actually love this product. it cools my son's food very quickly. i also use it as an ice cream dish and the ice cream dosen't mely as quickly. bottom line yes, i would recommend this to a friend was this review helpful? yes no - you may also flag this review by kaylees mom i just bought this to spend enough to get a discount. it's really pointless you could just stick the food in the freezer to get the result. bottom line no, i would not recommend this to a friend merchant response: thank you for your feedback. the main benefit of using the quick cooling dish is to allow you to plate meals right away and let them sit for a minute without having to place a whole plate in your freezer. we are sorry that you are not happy with the quick cool dish and would be happy to assist you further by contacting our customer care center. save time blowing on food i used to have to spend so much time blowing on my son's food. this makes it much easier to cool down quickly. best. thing. ever. buy this. in fact, buy two, so that when one is all dirty, you can use the other. this is a genius product and perfectly executed by mom of two about me parent of two or more children my son is a child that if he sees his food, he must have it immediately. he doesn't have the patience for it to cool down, and then when he tries to eat his food and it is too hot, he then refuses to eat it all; even when it finally cools down. this cooling dish has saved me for when i'm unable to cook his food without him noticing, or i accidentally cook it for too long. i now place his food on this dish for a minute or two and it is cooled to the perfect temperature. since i've used it, we have had no tantrums that the food is too hot or from me telling him he has to wait when he doesn't want to. i highly recommend this to any busy parent with toddlers. i love this to cool anything hot down so my son isn't left screaming and waiting while i'm blowing. minute later and it's cool enough for him to eat easy to use.cool fast. a parents' must-have by dutch princess this was the answer to cooling cooked foods down quickly for my little children. every parent must have this product by sara's mom quickly cools any hot foods. it works great. of customers found this review helpful mac cool cooling dish easy to clean will freeze easily and works very well worth it's weight in gold and what a great price works as advertised. the only problem if you could call if that is that the boys like to keep their food on it, and it gets really cold. they don't seem to mind though wish i had found this sooner this is the best nothing worse than a screaming hungry child who wants to eat now about me child care professional good product. bought a few as gifts do you have questions about this product? get answers from real customers and in-house experts. answer this question do you have a question about this product? find thoughtfully selected products at one step ahead to help you and your baby...every step of the way shop online or call -800-274- one step ahead baby
__label__non_math	0.9995	almighty allah glorified and exalted be he says in the holy qur an: "they ask you o muhammad what they should spend in charity. say: "'whatever you spend with a good heart, give it to parents, relatives, orphans, the helpless, and travelers in need. whatever good you do, god is aware of it.' chapter2- verse 215 . our families are treasure; we are gifted to be together sharing activities and expressing compassion. as allah commends us in the above verse, spending time and money on our families is rewarded charity. in this article, i am trying to introduce simple list of tips on how to spend a useful holiday this winter with your family- based on my experience. -have you noticed that i didn t say christmas holidays? this is the first thing we need to do: changing the wordings of the holidays. just like there are summer holidays, there are winter holidays. this way when your children are talking to their friends, they can say during the winter holidays, i will be working on or i will be visiting my family during the winter holidays- inshaallah. - make friday nights a family night with your children where you all play board games together. we play games such as junior qur an challenge, hadith challenge, etc. my kids enjoy doing this so much, and mashallaah they learn a lot from playing these games as well. almighty allah says in the holy qur an: and these examples we present to the people, but none will understand them except those of knowledge. qur'an, chapter , verse . prophet muhammad peace and blessings be upon him , said: whosoever allah wishes good for, he gives him understanding fiqh of the religion. bukhari and muslim . - if it happens to snow, then take the kids out, and play in the snow. you can make snow balls, snow man, or snow tunnel. kids love to play with their parents. kids appreciate your presence more than anything else. so, spend time doing little things with your kids. - every evening you can read stories to your kids while everyone is drinking hot chocolate or tea. your kids can pick the books or stories they want you to read. i also recommend that you find inspiring stories with lessons behind them and share those with your kids. also remind them of any qur anic verses and hadiths as often as you can, if it relates to the topic. the prophet peace and blessings be upon him was first taught this verse of the qur an recite in the name of your lord who created. the qur'an, chapter , verse . - it is a great time to do science projects at home or make wood projects for free at home depot and lowe s. here are the websites to enroll kids in your areas: homedepot.com and low s build grow. find out when their next free workshop is, and take the kids there to learn. the kids will then bring their projects home with them. - take the kids to the masjid for events. if there are no events at the masjid close to you, search for the masjids a bit farther and take the family there. - you should give them islamic books to read during the holidays. either buy or borrow them from an islamic library, or from friends. prophet muhammad peace and blessings be upon him said: "the seeking of knowledge is obligatory for every muslim." al-tirmidhi . the prophet also said: "knowledge from which no benefit is derived is like a treasure out of which nothing is spent in the cause of god." al-tirmidhi . - you should find islamic videos to watch together as a family. go to islamictube.com and look for lectures about the prophets messages and stories. - this is also a great time to teach the kids how to bake cookies, cakes and pancakes. kids love to eat this stuff, so plan on giving baking class once or twice a week. - visit family and friends, this must be scheduled in, and you will have loads of fun catching up. the kids will find enough time to play with their family members and friends. also do not forget to visit the sick, and teach your children the benefits of visiting the sick. the prophet peace be upon him said: the rights of one muslim on another are six it was said: what are they o messenger of allah? he said: when you meet him greet him, and when he invites you accept, and if he seeks your advice then give it. and when he sneezes and says al-hamdulillah then say yarhamak allah, and when he is sick then visit him, and when he dies follow his funeral. bukhari muslim . in conclusion, i pray these tips have been beneficial and useful. being a homeschooling mom myself, i know how tiring taking care of kids can be, mentally, physically and emotionally. however, if we want them to be a source of joy for us in this world and in the hereafter we need to invest more time in teaching, supporting and nourishing their souls. enjoy your winter holidays related links:what do muslims do when santa comes? i don t celebrate christmas, i m not old scrooge educate your kids about jesus and christmas
__label__non_math	1.0000	poems short stories: ,271 forum members: ,634 forum posts: ,033,546 and over million unique readers monthly she gave a glance at the armchairs placed before the chimney, at the tea-table, which shone in the shade, and at the tall, pale stems of flowers ascending above chinese vases. she thrust her hand among the flowery branches of the guelder roses to make their silvery balls quiver. then she looked at herself in a mirror with serious attention. she held herself sidewise, her neck turned over her shoulder, to follow with her eyes the spring of her fine form in its sheath-like black satin gown, around which floated a light tunic studded with pearls wherein sombre lights scintillated. she went nearer, curious to know her face of that day. the mirror returned her look with tranquillity, as if this amiable woman whom she examined, and who was not unpleasing to her, lived without either acute joy or profound sadness. on the walls of the large drawing-room, empty and silent, the figures of the tapestries, vague as shadows, showed pallid among their antique games and dying graces. like them, the terra-cotta statuettes on slender columns, the groups of old saxony, and the paintings of sevres, spoke of past glories. on a pedestal ornamented with precious bronzes, the marble bust of some princess royal disguised as diana appeared about to fly out of her turbulent drapery, while on the ceiling a figure of night, powdered like a marquise and surrounded by cupids, sowed flowers. everything was asleep, and only the crackling of the logs and the light rattle of therese's pearls could be heard. turning from the mirror, she lifted the corner of a curtain and saw through the window, beyond the dark trees of the quay, the seine spreading its yellow reflections. weariness of the sky and of the water was reflected in her fine gray eyes. the boat passed, the 'hirondelle', emerging from an arch of the alma bridge, and carrying humble travellers toward grenelle and billancourt. she followed it with her eyes, then let the curtain fall, and, seating herself under the flowers, took a book from the table. on the straw-colored linen cover shone the title in gold: 'yseult la blonde', by vivian bell. it was a collection of french verses composed by an englishwoman, and printed in london. she read indifferently, waiting for visitors, and thinking less of the poetry than of the poetess, miss bell, who was perhaps her most agreeable friend, and whom she almost never saw; who, at every one of their meetings, which were so rare, kissed her, calling her "darling," and babbled; who, plain yet seductive, almost ridiculous, yet wholly exquisite, lived at fiesole like a philosopher, while england celebrated her as her most beloved poet. like vernon lee and like mary robinson, she had fallen in love with the life and art of tuscany; and, without even finishing her tristan, the first part of which had inspired in burne-jones dreamy aquarelles, she wrote provencal verses and french poems expressing italian ideas. she had sent her 'yseult la blonde' to "darling," with a letter inviting her to spend a month with her at fiesole. she had written: "come; you will see the most beautiful things in the world, and you will embellish them." and "darling" was saying to herself that she would not go, that she must remain in paris. but the idea of seeing miss bell in italy was not indifferent to her. and turning the leaves of the book, she stopped by chance at this line: love and gentle heart are one. and she asked herself, with gentle irony, whether miss bell had ever been in love, and what manner of man could be the ideal of miss bell. the poetess had at fiesole an escort, prince albertinelli. he was very handsome, but rather coarse and vulgar; too much so to please an aesthete who blended with the desire for love the mysticism of an annunciation. "good-evening, therese. i am positively worn out." the princess seniavine had entered, supple in her furs, which almost seemed to form a part of her dark beauty. she seated herself brusquely, and, in a voice at once harsh yet caressing, said: "this morning i walked through the park with general lariviere. i met him in an alley and made him go with me to the bridge, where he wished to buy from the guardian a learned magpie which performs the manual of arms with a gun. oh "but why did you drag the general to the bridge?" "because he had gout in his toe." therese shrugged her shoulders, smiling: "you squander your wickedness. you spoil things." "and you wish me, dear, to save my kindness and my wickedness for a serious investment?" therese made her drink some tokay. preceded by the sound of his powerful breathing, general lariviere approached with heavy state and sat between the two women, looking stubborn and self-satisfied, laughing in every wrinkle of his face. "how is monsieur martin-belleme? always busy?" therese thought he was at the chamber, and even that he was making a speech there. princess seniavine, who was eating caviare sandwiches, asked madame martin why she had not gone to madame meillan's the day before. they had played a comedy there. "a scandinavian play? was it a success?" "yes--i don't know. i was in the little green room, under the portrait of the duc d'orleans. monsieur le menil came to me and did me one of those good turns that one never forgets. he saved me from monsieur garain." the general, who knew the annual register, and stored away all useful information, pricked up his ears. "garain," he asked, "the minister who was in the cabinet when the princes were exiled?" "himself. i was excessively agreeable to him. he talked to me of the yearnings of his heart and he looked at me with alarming tenderness. and from time to time he gazed, with sighs, at the portrait of the duc d'orleans. i said to him: 'monsieur garain, you are making a mistake. it is my sister-in-law who is an orleanist. i am not.' at this moment monsieur le menil came to escort me to the buffet. he paid great compliments--to my horses the general, who did not like young men, said he had met le menil the day before in the forest, galloping, with vast space between himself and his saddle. he declared that old cavaliers alone retained the traditions of good horsemanship; that people in society now rode like jockeys. "it is the same with fencing," he added. "formerly--" princess seniavine interrupted him: "general, look and see how charming madame martin is. she is always charming, but at this moment she is prettier than ever. it is because she is bored. nothing becomes her better than to be bored. since we have been here, we have bored her terribly. look at her: her forehead clouded, her glance vague, her mouth dolorous. behold a victim she arose, kissed therese tumultuously, and fled, leaving the general astonished. madame martin-belleme prayed him not to listen to what the princess had said. he collected himself and asked: "and how are your poets, madame?" it was difficult for him to forgive madame martin her preference for people who lived by writing and were not of his circle. "yes, your poets. what has become of that monsieur choulette, who visits you wrapped in a red muffler?" "my poets? they forget me, they abandon me. one should not rely on anybody. men and women--nothing is sure. life is a continual betrayal. only that poor miss bell does not forget me. she has written to me from florence and sent her book." "miss bell? isn't she that young person who looks, with her yellow waving hair, like a little lapdog?" he reflected, and expressed the opinion that she must be at least thirty. an old lady, wearing with modest dignity her crown of white hair, and a little vivacious man with shrewd eyes, came in suddenly--madame marmet and m. paul vence. then, carrying himself very stiffly, with a square monocle in his eye, appeared m. daniel salomon, the arbiter of elegance. the general hurried out. they talked of the novel of the week. madame marmet had dined often with the author, a young and very amiable man. paul vence thought the book tiresome. "oh," sighed madame martin, "all books are tiresome. but men are more tiresome than books, and they are more exacting." madame marmet said that her husband, who had much literary taste, had retained, until the end of his days, a horror of naturalism. she was the widow of a member of the 'academie des inscriptions', and plumed herself upon her illustrious widowhood. she was sweet and modest in her black gown and her beautiful white hair. madame martin said to m. daniel salomon that she wished to consult him particularly on the picture of a group of beautiful children. "you will tell me if it pleases you. you may also give me your opinion, monsieur vence, unless you disdain such trifles." m. daniel salomon looked at paul vence through his monocle with disdain. paul vence surveyed the drawing-room. "you have beautiful things, madame. that would be nothing. but you have only beautiful things, and all serve to set off your own beauty." she did not conceal her pleasure at hearing him speak in that way. she regarded paul vence as the only really intelligent man she knew. she had appreciated him before his books had made him celebrated. his ill-health, his dark humor, his assiduous labor, separated him from society. the little bilious man was not very pleasing; yet he attracted her. she held in high esteem his profound irony, his great pride, his talent ripened in solitude, and she admired him, with reason, as an excellent writer, the author of powerful essays on art and on life. little by little the room filled with a brilliant crowd. within the large circle of armchairs were madame de wesson, about whom people told frightful stories, and who kept, after twenty years of half-smothered scandal, the eyes of a child and cheeks of virginal smoothness; old madame de morlaine, who shouted her witty phrases in piercing cries; madame raymond, the wife of the academician; madame garain, the wife of the exminister; three other ladies; and, standing easily against the mantelpiece, m. berthier d'eyzelles, editor of the 'journal des debats', a deputy who caressed his white beard while madame de morlaine shouted at him: "your article on bimetallism is a pearl, a jewel standing in the rear of the room, young clubmen, very grave, lisped among themselves: "what did he do to get the button from the prince?" "he, nothing. his wife, everything." they had their own cynical philosophy. one of them had no faith in promises of men. "they are types that do not suit me. they wear their hearts on their hands and on their mouths. you present yourself for admission to a club. they say, 'i promise to give you a white ball. it will be an alabaster ball--a snowball "then don't think of it." daniel salomon, who had joined them, whispered in their ears spicy stories in a lowered voice. and at every strange revelation concerning madame raymond, or madame berthier, or princess seniavine, he added, negligently: "everybody knows it." then, little by little, the crowd of visitors dispersed. only madame marmet and paul vence remained. the latter went toward madame martin, and asked: "when do you wish me to introduce dechartre to you?" it was the second time he had asked this of her. she did not like to see new faces. she replied, unconcernedly: "your sculptor? when you wish. i saw at the champ de mars medallions made by him which are very good. but he does not work much. he is an amateur, is he not?" "he is a delicate artist. he does not need to work in order to live. he caresses his figures with loving slowness. but do not be deceived about him, madame. he knows and he feels. he would be a master if he did not live alone. i have known him since his childhood. people think that he is solitary and morose. he is passionate and timid. what he lacks, what he will lack always to reach the highest point of his art, is simplicity of mind. he is restless, and he spoils his most beautiful impressions. in my opinion he was created less for sculpture than for poetry or philosophy. he knows a great deal, and you will be astonished at the wealth of his mind." madame marmet approved. she pleased society by appearing to find pleasure in it. she listened a great deal and talked little. very affable, she gave value to her affability by not squandering it. either because she liked madame martin, or because she knew how to give discreet marks of preference in every house she went, she warmed herself contentedly, like a relative, in a corner of the louis xvi chimney, which suited her beauty. she lacked only her dog. "how is toby?" asked madame martin. "monsieur vence, do you know toby? he has long silky hair and a lovely little black nose." madame marmet was relishing the praise of toby, when an old man, pink and blond, with curly hair, short-sighted, almost blind under his golden spectacles, rather short, striking against the furniture, bowing to empty armchairs, blundering into the mirrors, pushed his crooked nose before madame marmet, who looked at him indignantly. it was m. schmoll, member of the academie des inscriptions. he smiled and turned a madrigal for the countess martin with that hereditary harsh, coarse voice with which the jews, his fathers, pressed their creditors, the peasants of alsace, of poland, and of the crimea. he dragged his phrases heavily. this great philologist knew all languages except french. and madame martin enjoyed his affable phrases, heavy and rusty like the iron-work of brica-brac shops, among which fell dried leaves of anthology. m. schmoll liked poets and women, and had wit. madame marmet feigned not to know him, and went out without returning his bow. when he had exhausted his pretty madrigals, m. schmoll became sombre and pitiful. he complained piteously. he was not decorated enough, not provided with sinecures enough, nor well fed enough by the state--he, madame schmoll, and their five daughters. his lamentations had some grandeur. something of the soul of ezekiel and of jeremiah was in them. unfortunately, turning his golden-spectacled eyes toward the table, he discovered vivian bell's book. "oh, 'yseult la blonde'," he exclaimed, bitterly. "you are reading that book, madame? well, learn that mademoiselle vivian bell has stolen an inscription from me, and that she has altered it, moreover, by putting it into verse. you will find it on page 109 of her book: 'a shade may weep over a shade.' you hear, madame? 'a shade may weep over a shade.' well, those words are translated literally from a funeral inscription which i was the first to publish and to illustrate. last year, one day, when i was dining at your house, being placed by the side of mademoiselle bell, i quoted this phrase to her, and it pleased her a great deal. at her request, the next day i translated into french the entire inscription and sent it to her. and now i find it changed in this volume of verses under this title: 'on the sacred way'--the sacred way, that is i." and he repeated, in his bad humor: "i, madame, am the sacred way." he was annoyed that the poet had not spoken to him about this inscription. he would have liked to see his name at the top of the poem, in the verses, in the rhymes. he wished to see his name everywhere, and always looked for it in the journals with which his pockets were stuffed. but he had no rancor. he was not really angry with miss bell. he admitted gracefully that she was a distinguished person, and a poet that did great honor to england. when he had gone, the countess martin asked ingenuously of paul vence if he knew why that good madame marmet had looked at m. schmoll with such marked though silent anger. he was surprised that she did not know. "i never know anything," she said. "but the quarrel between schmoll and marmet is famous. it ceased only at the death of marmet. "the day that poor marmet was buried, snow was falling. we were wet and frozen to the bones. at the grave, in the wind, in the mud, schmoll read under his umbrella a speech full of jovial cruelty and triumphant pity, which he took afterward to the newspapers in a mourning carriage. an indiscreet friend let madame marmet hear of it, and she fainted. is it possible, madame, that you have not heard of this learned and ferocious quarrel? "the etruscan language was the cause of it. marmet made it his unique study. he was surnamed marmet the etruscan. neither he nor any one else knew a word of that language, the last vestige of which is lost. schmoll said continually to marmet: 'you do not know etruscan, my dear colleague; that is the reason why you are an honorable savant and a fair-minded man.' piqued by his ironic praise, marmet thought of learning a little etruscan. he read to his colleague a memoir on the part played by flexions in the idiom of the ancient tuscans." madame martin asked what a flexion was. "oh, madame, if i explain anything to you, it will mix up everything. be content with knowing that in that memoir poor marmet quoted latin texts and quoted them wrong. schmoll is a latinist of great learning, and, after mommsen, the chief epigraphist of the world. "he reproached his young colleague--marmet was not fifty years old--with reading etruscan too well and latin not well enough. from that time marmet had no rest. at every meeting he was mocked unmercifully; and, finally, in spite of his softness, he got angry. schmoll is without rancor. it is a virtue of his race. he does not bear ill-will to those whom he persecutes. one day, as he went up the stairway of the institute with renan and oppert, he met marmet, and extended his hand to him. marmet refused to take it, and said 'i do not know you.'--'do you take me for a latin inscription?' schmoll replied. marmet died and was buried because of that satire. now you know the reason why his widow sees his enemy with horror." "and i have made them dine together, side by side." "madame, it was not immoral, but it was cruel." "my dear sir, i shall shock you, perhaps; but if i had to choose, i should like better to do an immoral thing than a cruel one." a young man, tall, thin, dark, with a long moustache, entered, and bowed with brusque suppleness. "monsieur vence, i think that you know monsieur le menil." they had met before at madame martin's, and saw each other often at the fencing club. the day before they had met at madame meillan's. "madame meillan's--there's a house where one is bored," said paul vence. "yet academicians go there," said m. robert le menil. "i do not exaggerate their value, but they are the elite." madame martin smiled. "we know, monsieur le menil, that at madame meillan's you are preoccupied by the women more than by the academicians. you escorted princess seniavine to the buffet and talked to her about wolves." "wolves, and forests blackened by winter. we thought that with so pretty a woman your conversation was rather savage paul vence rose. "so you permit, madame, that i should bring my friend dechartre? he has a great desire to know you, and i hope he will not displease you. there is life in his mind. he is full of ideas." "oh, i do not ask for so much," madame martin said. "people that are natural and show themselves as they are rarely bore me, and sometimes they amuse me." when paul vence had gone, le menil listened until the noise of footsteps had vanished; then, coming nearer: "to-morrow, at three o'clock? do you still love me?" he asked her to reply while they were alone. she answered that it was late, that she expected no more visitors, and that no one except her husband would come. he entreated. then she said: "i shall be free to-morrow all day. wait for me at three o'clock." he thanked her with a look. then, placing himself on at the other side of the chimney, he asked who was that dechartre whom she wished introduced to her. "i do not wish him to be introduced to me. he is to be introduced to me. he is a sculptor." he deplored the fact that she needed to see new faces, adding: "a sculptor? they are usually brutal." "oh, but this one does so little sculpture "i should be sorry if society took any part of the time you might give to me." "my friend, you can not complain of that. i did not even go to madame meillan's yesterday." "you are right to show yourself there as little as possible. it is not a house for you." he explained. all the women that went there had had some spicy adventure which was known and talked about. besides, madame meillan favored intrigue. he gave examples. madame martin, however, her hands extended on the arms of the chair in charming restfulness, her head inclined, looked at the dying embers in the grate. her thoughtful mood had flown. nothing of it remained on her face, a little saddened, nor in her languid body, more desirable than ever in the quiescence of her mind. she kept for a while a profound immobility, which added to her personal attraction the charm of things that art had created. he asked her of what she was thinking. escaping the magic of the blaze in the ashes, she said: "we will go to-morrow, if you wish, to far distant places, to the odd districts where the poor people live. i like the old streets where misery dwells." he promised to satisfy her taste, although he let her know that he thought it absurd. the walks that she led him sometimes bored him, and he thought them dangerous. people might see them. "and since we have been successful until now in not causing gossip--" she shook her head. "do you think that people have not talked about us? whether they know or do not know, they talk. not everything is known, but everything is said." she relapsed into her dream. he thought her discontented, cross, for some reason which she would not tell. he bent upon her beautiful, grave eyes which reflected the light of the grate. but she reassured him. "i do not know whether any one talks about me. and what do i care? nothing matters." he left her. he was going to dine at the club, where a friend was waiting for him. she followed him with her eyes, with peaceful sympathy. then she began again to read in the ashes. she saw in them the days of her childhood; the castle wherein she had passed the sweet, sad summers; the dark and humid park; the pond where slept the green water; the marble nymphs under the chestnut-trees, and the bench on which she had wept and desired death. to-day she still ignored the cause of her youthful despair, when the ardent awakening of her imagination threw her into a troubled maze of desires and of fears. when she was a child, life frightened her. and now she knew that life is not worth so much anxiety nor so much hope; that it is a very ordinary thing. she should have known this. she thought: "i saw mamma; she was good, very simple, and not very happy. i dreamed of a destiny different from hers. why? i felt around me the insipid taste of life, and seemed to inhale the future like a salt and pungent aroma. why? what did i want, and what did i expect? was i not warned enough of the sadness of everything?" she had been born rich, in the brilliancy of a fortune too new. she was a daughter of that montessuy, who, at first a clerk in a parisian bank, founded and governed two great establishments, brought to sustain them the resources of a brilliant mind, invincible force of character, a rare alliance of cleverness and honesty, and treated with the government as if he were a foreign power. she had grown up in the historical castle of joinville, bought, restored, and magnificently furnished by her father. montessuy made life give all it could yield. an instinctive and powerful atheist, he wanted all the goods of this world and all the desirable things that earth produces. he accumulated pictures by old masters, and precious sculptures. at fifty he had known all the most beautiful women of the stage, and many in society. he enjoyed everything worldly with the brutality of his temperament and the shrewdness of his mind. poor madame montessuy, economical and careful, languished at joinville, delicate and poor, under the frowns of twelve gigantic caryatides which held a ceiling on which lebrun had painted the titans struck by jupiter. there, in the iron cot, placed at the foot of the large bed, she died one night of sadness and exhaustion, never having loved anything on earth except her husband and her little drawing-room in the rue maubeuge. she never had had any intimacy with her daughter, whom she felt instinctively too different from herself, too free, too bold at heart; and she divined in therese, although she was sweet and good, the strong montessuy blood, the ardor which had made her suffer so much, and which she forgave in her husband, but not in her daughter. but montessuy recognized his daughter and loved her. like most hearty, full-blooded men, he had hours of charming gayety. although he lived out of his house a great deal, he breakfasted with her almost every day, and sometimes took her out walking. he understood gowns and furbelows. he instructed and formed therese. he amused her. near her, his instinct for conquest inspired him still. he desired to win always, and he won his daughter. he separated her from her mother. therese admired him, she adored him. in her dream she saw him as the unique joy of her childhood. she was persuaded that no man in the world was as amiable as her father. at her entrance in life, she despaired at once of finding elsewhere so rich a nature, such a plenitude of active and thinking forces. this discouragement had followed her in the choice of a husband, and perhaps later in a secret and freer choice. she had not really selected her husband. she did not know: she had permitted herself to be married by her father, who, then a widower, embarrassed by the care of a girl, had wished to do things quickly and well. he considered the exterior advantages, estimated the eighty years of imperial nobility which count martin brought. the idea never came to him that she might wish to find love in marriage. he flattered himself that she would find in it the satisfaction of the luxurious desires which he attributed to her, the joy of making a display of grandeur, the vulgar pride, the material domination, which were for him all the value of life, as he had no ideas on the subject of the happiness of a true woman, although he was sure that his daughter would remain virtuous. while thinking of his absurd yet natural faith in her, which accorded so badly with his own experiences and ideas regarding women, she smiled with melancholy irony. and she admired her father the more. after all, she was not so badly married. her husband was as good as any other man. he had become quite bearable. of all that she read in the ashes, in the veiled softness of the lamps, of all her reminiscences, that of their married life was the most vague. she found a few isolated traits of it, some absurd images, a fleeting and fastidious impression. the time had not seemed long and had left nothing behind. six years had passed, and she did not even remember how she had regained her liberty, so prompt and easy had been her conquest of that husband, cold, sickly, selfish, and polite; of that man dried up and yellowed by business and politics, laborious, ambitious, and commonplace. he liked women only through vanity, and he never had loved his wife. the separation had been frank and complete. and since then, strangers to each other, they felt a tacit, mutual gratitude for their freedom. she would have had some affection for him if she had not found him hypocritical and too subtle in the art of obtaining her signature when he needed money for enterprises that were more for ostentation than real benefit. the man with whom she dined and talked every day had no significance for her. with her cheek in her hand, before the grate, as if she questioned a sibyl, she saw again the face of the marquis de re. she saw it so precisely that it surprised her. the marquis de re had been presented to her by her father, who admired him, and he appeared to her grand and dazzling for his thirty years of intimate triumphs and mundane glories. his adventures followed him like a procession. he had captivated three generations of women, and had left in the heart of all those whom he had loved an imperishable memory. his virile grace, his quiet elegance, and his habit of pleasing had prolonged his youth far beyond the ordinary term of years. he noticed particularly the young countess martin. the homage of this expert flattered her. she thought of him now with pleasure. he had a marvellous art of conversation. he amused her. she let him see it, and at once he promised to himself, in his heroic frivolity, to finish worthily his happy life by the subjugation of this young woman whom he appreciated above every one else, and who evidently admired him. he displayed, to capture her, the most learned stratagems. but she escaped him very easily. she yielded, two years later, to robert le menil, who had desired her ardently, with all the warmth of his youth, with all the simplicity of his mind. she said to herself: "i gave myself to him because he loved me." it was the truth. the truth was, also, that a dumb yet powerful instinct had impelled her, and that she had obeyed the hidden impulse of her being. but even this was not her real self; what awakened her nature at last was the fact that she believed in the sincerity of his sentiment. she had yielded as soon as she had felt that she was loved. she had given herself, quickly, simply. he thought that she had yielded easily. he was mistaken. she had felt the discouragement which the irreparable gives, and that sort of shame which comes of having suddenly something to conceal. everything that had been whispered before her about other women resounded in her burning ears. but, proud and delicate, she took care to hide the value of the gift she was making. he never suspected her moral uneasiness, which lasted only a few days, and was replaced by perfect tranquillity. after three years she defended her conduct as innocent and natural. having done harm to no one, she had no regrets. she was content. she was in love, she was loved. doubtless she had not felt the intoxication she had expected, but does one ever feel it? she was the friend of the good and honest fellow, much liked by women who passed for disdainful and hard to please, and he had a true affection for her. the pleasure she gave him and the joy of being beautiful for him attached her to this friend. he made life for her not continually delightful, but easy to bear, and at times agreeable. that which she had not divined in her solitude, notwithstanding vague yearnings and apparently causeless sadness, he had revealed to her. she knew herself when she knew him. it was a happy astonishment. their sympathies were not in their minds. her inclination toward him was simple and frank, and at this moment she found pleasure in the idea of meeting him the next day in the little apartment where they had met for three years. with a shake of the head and a shrug of her shoulders, coarser than one would have expected from this exquisite woman, sitting alone by the dying fire, she said to herself: "there in the 1600s, balthasar gracian, a jesuit priest wrote 300 aphorisms on living life called "the art of worldly wisdom." join our newsletter below and read them all, one at a time. shakespeare wrote over 150 sonnets
__label__non_math	0.9992	poems short stories: ,271 forum members: ,634 forum posts: ,033,546 and over million unique readers monthly it was satan's inexhaustible energy and good spirits that most impressed them. his teeth seemed perpetually to ache with desire, and in lieu of black legs he husked the cocoanuts that fell from the trees in the compound, kept the enclosure clear of intruding hens, and made a hostile acquaintance with every boss-boy who came to report. he was unable to forget the torment of his puppyhood, wherein everlasting hatred of the black had been woven into the fibres of consciousness; and such a terror did he make himself that sheldon was forced to shut him up in the living room when, for any reason, strange natives were permitted in the compound. this always hurt satan's feelings and fanned his wrath, so that even the house-boys had to watch out for him when he was first released. christian young sailed away in the minerva, carrying an invitation that would be delivered nobody knew when to tommy jones to drop in at berande the next time he was passing. "what are your plans when you get to sydney?" sheldon asked, that night, at dinner. "first i've heard that i'm going to sydney," joan retorted. "i suppose you've received information, by bush-telegraph, that that third assistant understrapper and ex-sailorman at tulagi is going to deport me as an undesirable immigrant." "oh, no, nothing of the sort, i assure you," sheldon began with awkward haste, fearful of having offended, though he knew not how. "i was just wondering, that was all. you see, with the loss of the schooner and . . and all the rest . . . you understand . . i was thinking that if--a--if--hang it all, until you could communicate temporary you see, why i'd be only too glad and all the rest, you know. the proper--" but his jaw dropped and he regarded her irritably and with "what is the matter?" he demanded, with a show of heat. "what have i done now?" joan's eyes were bright with battle, the curve of her lips sharp "certainly not the unexpected," she said quietly. "merely ignored me in your ordinary, every-day, man-god, superior fashion. naturally it counted for nothing, my telling you that i had no idea of going to sydney. go to sydney i must, because you, in your superior wisdom, have so decreed." she paused and looked at him curiously, as though he were some strange breed of animal. "of course i am grateful for your offer of assistance; but even that is no salve to wounded pride. for that matter, it is no more than one white man should expect from another. shipwrecked mariners are always helped along their way. only this particular mariner doesn't need any help. furthermore, this mariner is not going to sydney, thank you." "but what do you intend to do?" "find some spot where i shall escape the indignity of being patronized and bossed by the superior sex." "come now, that is putting it a bit too strongly." sheldon laughed, but the strain in his voice destroyed the effect of spontaneity. "you know yourself how impossible the situation is." "i know nothing of the sort, sir. and if it is impossible, well, haven't i achieved it?" "but it cannot continue. really--" "oh, yes, it can. having achieved it, i can go on achieving it. i intend to remain in the solomons, but not on berande. to-morrow i am going to take the whale-boat over to pari-sulay. i was talking hundred acres, and every foot of it good for planting. being an island, he says i won't have to bother about wild pigs destroying the young trees. all i'll have to do is to keep the weeds hoed until the trees come into bearing. first, i'll buy the island; next, get forty or fifty recruits and start clearing and planting; and at the same time i'll run up a bungalow; and then you'll be relieved of my embarrassing presence--now don't say that it isn't." "it is embarrassing," he said bluntly. "but you refuse to see my point of view, so there is no use in discussing it. now please forget all about it, and consider me at your service concerning this . . . this project of yours. i know more about cocoanut- planting than you do. you speak like a capitalist. i don't know how much money you have, but i don't fancy you are rolling in wealth, as you americans say. but i do know what it costs to clear land. suppose the government sells you pari-sulay at a pound an acre; clearing will cost you at least four pounds more; that is, five pounds for four hundred acres, or, say, ten thousand dollars. have you that much?" she was keenly interested, and he could see that the previous clash between them was already forgotten. her disappointment was plain as she confessed: "no; i haven't quite eight thousand dollars." "then here's another way of looking at it. you'll need, as you said, at least fifty boys. not counting premiums, their wages are thirty dollars a year." "i pay my tahitians fifteen a month," she interpolated. "they won't do on straight plantation work. but to return. the wages of fifty boys each year will come to three hundred pounds-- that is, fifteen hundred dollars. very well. it will be seven years before your trees begin to bear. seven times fifteen hundred is ten thousand five hundred dollars--more than you possess, and all eaten up by the boys' wages, with nothing to pay for bungalow, building, tools, quinine, trips to sydney, and so forth." sheldon shook his head gravely. "you'll have to abandon the idea." "but i won't go to sydney," she cried. "i simply won't. i'll buy in to the extent of my money as a small partner in some other plantation. let me buy in in berande "heaven forbid into hearty laughter. "there, i won't tease you. really, you know, i'm not accustomed to forcing my presence where it is not desired. yes, yes; i know you're just aching to point out that i've forced myself upon you ever since i landed, only you are too polite to say so. yet as you said yourself, it was impossible for me to go away, so i had to stay. you wouldn't let me go to tulagi. you compelled me to force myself upon you. but i won't buy in as partner with any one. i'll buy pari-sulay, but i'll put only ten boys on it and clear slowly. also, i'll invest in some old ketch and take out a trading license. for that matter, i'll go recruiting on malaita." she looked for protest, and found it in sheldon's clenched hand and in every line of his clean-cut face. "go ahead and say it," she challenged. "please don't mind me. i'm--i'm getting used to it, you know. really i am." "i wish i were a woman so as to tell you how preposterously insane and impossible it is," he blurted out. she surveyed him with deliberation, and said: "better than that, you are a man. so there is nothing to prevent your telling me, for i demand to be considered as a man. i didn't come down here to trail my woman's skirts over the solomons. please forget that i am accidentally anything else than a man with a man's living to make." inwardly sheldon fumed and fretted. was she making game of him? or did there lurk in her the insidious unhealthfulness of unwomanliness? or was it merely a case of blank, staring, sentimental, idiotic innocence? "i have told you," he began stiffly, "that recruiting on malaita is impossible for a woman, and that is all i care to say--or dare." "and i tell you, in turn, that it is nothing of the sort. i've sailed the miele here, master, if you please, all the way from tahiti--even if i did lose her, which was the fault of your admiralty charts. i am a navigator, and that is more than your solomons captains are. captain young told me all about it. and i am a seaman--a better seaman than you, when it comes right down to it, and you know it. i can shoot. i am not a fool. i can take care of myself. and i shall most certainly buy a ketch, run her myself, and go recruiting on malaita." sheldon made a hopeless gesture. "that's right," she rattled on. "wash your hands of me. but as von used to say, 'you just watch my smoke "there's no use in discussing it. let us have some music." he arose and went over to the big phonograph; but before the disc started, and while he was winding the machine, he heard her saying: "i suppose you've been accustomed to jane eyres all your life. that's why you don't understand me. come on, satan; let's leave him to his old music." he watched her morosely and without intention of speaking, till he saw her take a rifle from the stand, examine the magazine, and start for the door. "where are you going?" he asked peremptorily. "as between man and woman," she answered, "it would be too terribly--er--indecent for you to tell me why i shouldn't go alligatoring. good-night. sleep well." he shut off the phonograph with a snap, started toward the door after her, then abruptly flung himself into a chair. "you're hoping a 'gator catches me, aren't you?" she called from the veranda, and as she went down the steps her rippling laughter drifted tantalizingly back through the wide doorway. in the 1600s, balthasar gracian, a jesuit priest wrote 300 aphorisms on living life called "the art of worldly wisdom." join our newsletter below and read them all, one at a time. shakespeare wrote over 150 sonnets
__label__math	0.9053	the high noon casino is offering its players with the best of the slot games which is valued at a massive amount of a whopping by all the real money account holders at the high noon casino. the most acknowledged one is the jackpot pi atas which has got a progressive jackpot which starts with the minimum amount of just ,709,153 and is to be won on a wager of for the bull pi atas. high noon casino has turned out to be one of the all time favorite online casinos today. once you are logged in, your excitement will reach its max and it wont allow you to get bored with their excellent casino games. use the links below and let your luck taste the sweet honey today high noon casino review visit high noon casino site
__label__non_math	0.9992	top distance learning undergraduate degrees do you have what it takes to get into the best distance learning programs in the country? earning an undergraduate degree from an accredited college or university will open up many doors and exciting career opportunities. listed below are the top distance learning undergraduate programs available today. many people are pursuing their online degree in business including business communications, information technology, e-business, accounting business management and much more. a bachelor of business in administration offers a variety of career paths. according to payscale.com, graduates earn around ,000. and nces reported that business administration program led to over 328,000 undergraduate degrees conferred in school year, making it the single most popular undergraduate program in the nation. a bachelors of science in computer science and information systems are both offered online and are usually flexible, offering students comprehensive education in computers in areas such as web development, databases and security among others. . visual communications can you see yourself in a visual communications career? well, if you like to work with graphics design, animation, illustration and drawing, this might be a career to check out. if you are truly passionate about communicating your ideas and concept through visual media, then this could be a career path for you. your salary can vary significantly depending on what specialty you choose within the visual communications program. according to payscale.com, graphics artist designer makes around ,859 and web designer and develop makes around ,296. nurses rn to bsn are in high demand and is expected to grow at a fast pace. a majority of nursing students get their degree online. there are also medical-related programs such as: medical assisting, health administration, medical transcription, psychology, health care management just to name a few. with the current shortage of nurses across the country; a nursing degree is a great choice. if you are interested in pursuing an online degree in the field of education, you can earn either a bachelors in education b.ed. or bachelors of education administration online. also offered online are certificates in early childhood education, esl and special education. great educators are always in demand. according to the bureau of labor statistics, education is now one f the second largest industry in the united states, employing over .million. . interior designer thinking of a career in interior design? are you artistic, creative imaginative? then you are on your way to an exciting and fulfilling career as an interior designer. interior designers work with clients and other design professionals to plan develop and design functional and attractive plans that will meet the needs of their clients. the job outlook looks great with expected earnings of around ,000 per year. most colleges and universities offer associate and bachelor degrees online in criminal justice, homeland security, criminal justice, forensic and much more. one of the most popular online undergraduate degree programs for students is in criminal justice. engineers are always in demand. an online education in engineering is less expensive and can be completed faster online than on-campus. some of the most popular fields in engineering are: computer information systems, software development, game and simulation programming and networking. what are you waiting for? sign up for one of these popular degree programs today posted in: distance learning, online degree, online degree program
__label__non_math	0.9710	the publication and republication of offensive caricatures of the prophet mohammed provided, to many, an opportunity to revisit the contours of the right to freedom of speech and expression. without consciously taking sides in the debate as it unfolded in on line opinion and elsewhere, let me introduce to the discussion some more dimensions based on another controversy. the controversy is about internet censorship in china which was reignited by google s recent decision to censor search results. apart from the censor, the chinese government, there are four main corporate players in the censorship saga. beginning in , yahoo provided electronic details of cyber-dissidents to the chinese authorities which lead to their incarceration. learning from yahoo, microsoft adopted a soft approach and shut down an internet blog of a chinese journalist hosted at its msn spaces for discussing politically sensitive issues. microsoft has now opened up this censored blog, but only outside china. most recently, google agreed to self-censor search results of its new chinese site: the popular search engine will block results that include terms such as free tibet , democracy , human rights , tiananmen massacre , and falun gong . finally, cisco systems is accused of facilitating such censorship by selling routing devices to china. some may ask what the big deal is. censorship, with or without the internet, is common in china pdf file .02gb and rights are severely restricted. chinese citizens - irrespective of whether they have access to the internet or not - do not enjoy any meaningful freedom of speech in any case. such a contention, however, misses an important point regarding the efficacy of the internet. among others, because of its trans-border base and reach, the internet was believed to nullify, to a large extent, the power of repressive states to control and censor the free flow of ideas within their municipal boundaries. however, the current controversy indicates that powerful states could prevail over the might of even the internet, at least for now. this is, however, not to suggest that internet service providers are not or should not be subject to certain restrictions. like many other rights, the right to freedom of speech, which includes the right to seek, receive and impart information, is not absolute. it could be reasonably restricted, say, on the ground of public order, health, morality, or the rights of others. for this reason, even corporations that are providing internet services have to facilitate the freedom of speech, or of press, within such applicable limitations. for example, a corporation should not turn a blind eye to its website being used for inciting terrorism, promoting genocide, spreading social hatred, selling slaves, or facilitating music piracy for that matter. the china factor one natural question to ask is whether these giant corporations would have behaved elsewhere in the same way as they behaved in china. for example, would they have bowed to the censorship pressure of the governments of myanmar or zimbabwe? i very much doubt it. the reason is not difficult to identify; it is about commercial opportunism. one has to merely look at the speed at which the internet market is growing in china. according to a survey report released by the internet society of china at the end of year , china had 110 million internet users second only to the us , up from 103 million in . in , the total revenue from internet users was about 186 billion yuan, which is expected to rise at the rate of .per cent. this perhaps explains why yahoo, microsoft and google chose to follow the path of, as they put it, lesser evil. apart from anything else, it also makes business sense not to annoy or pull out of china. corporate social responsibility csr csr is the new mantra attracting the attention of almost everyone, from corporations to investors, consumers, media, ngos, researchers, governments and international institutions. in addition to special corporations that have been constituted to do only csr consultancy, there are specialised websites, journals and research centres devoted to exploring csr issues. despite all this, there is still a lack of consensus on what these social responsibilities of corporations are, how they could be balanced, if at all, with the primary objective of profit maximisation and how best they might be enforced. it may, therefore, be interesting to examine the csr commitment of the four corporations that allegedly helped china in censoring people s freedom of speech. the four us corporations - cisco, yahoo, microsoft and google - are market leaders in their own fields and are generally seen as good corporate citizens. cisco strives to be a good citizen worldwide and pursues a strong triple bottom line : profits, people and presence. yahoo takes prides in its yahoo google, on the other hand, claims to make money without doing evil . it was, however, surprising not to find the names of yahoo, microsoft and google in the list of global compact participants. how do corporations explain the gap, as in this case, between their declared policies and practices? to begin with, it is safe to pass on the responsibility to states. the joint statement of microsoft and yahoo to the us congress human rights caucus illustrates this: we think there is a vital role for government-to-government discussion of the larger issues involved because in acting alone their leverage and ability to influence government policies in various countries is severely limited . admittedly, states have the primary responsibility to ensure the protection and promotion of human rights, but this does not derogate whatever responsibility corporations have. if corporations have human rights obligations only subject to their profits, such obligations hardly serve any useful purpose. surya deva is lecturer at school of law, city university of hong kong, hong kong. he recently completed his phd at the sydney law school. surya has published widely in law journals also blogs at glocal canvas.
__label__non_math	1.0000	moritz chevrolet named fort worth star-telegram s best place for wheel deals local fort worth chevy dealer moritz chevrolet was selected as the best place for wheel deals by readers of the fort worth star-telegram. online pr news -september- the people have spoken. readers of the fort worth star-telegram have selected the moritz family of dealerships as the best place for wheel deals in the city. this dealership group serves customers at several area locations including moritz chevrolet, a fort worth chevy dealership on spur 580. this distinction is a result of the star-telegram s annual readers choice vote. online and paper ballots are submitted by readers to determine their favorite businesses, restaurants and hotspots. after the votes have been tallied, winners are announced for a variety of categories including health, beauty and events; food drink; entertainment; sports; retail shopping and miscellaneous. in addition to moritz chevrolet, moritz dealerships of dallas fort worth have operations at moritz bmw, moritz chrysler jeep dodge ram, moritz cadillac, moritz kia fort worth and moritz kia hurst. view all the fort worth star-telegram readers choice winners at interested customers can learn more about the best place for wheel deals by visiting moritz chevrolet s website at or stopping by the dealership at camp bowie west in fort worth. members of their team can assist drivers seeking new chevy cars, pre-owned vehicles and automotive service. their fort worth chevy dealership is also active socially on both facebook facebook.com moritzfortworth and twitter . about moritz chevrolet moritz chevrolet is a fort worth chevy dealer that s proud to serve surrounding cities like dallas, arlington and irving, texas. they offer a complete lineup of new and chevy cars, trucks and suvs. employees at the dealership can also assist customers with used car sales, chevy service, auto repair and genuine chevrolet parts. visit moritz chevrolet online at for more contact information, inventory photos and the opportunity to schedule a test drive.
__label__non_math	1.0000	this category showcases the latest top-of-the-range spy equipment from the uk's premier online spy shop. with ever-changing advancements in surveillance and electronic recording equipment, we proudly offer our valued clients the most technological and innovative solutions to help protect your privacy or bring a conclusion to sometimes difficult circumstances. online spy shop uk strives to consistently update our product range with the very latest spy gadgets and counter surveillance equipment. we endeavour to provide spy gear promptly and a customer service with extensive knowledge to offer unbiased advice. please select a category to view sub-menu s from our extensive range of audio recorders, video recording, vehicle tracking, bug detection, computer and internet monitoring, listening devices.. plus much more. if you have a special request for any type of spy and surveillance project please do not hesitate to contact us and we will endeavour to help with your inquiry for personal, business, private investigation and law enforcement use.
__label__non_math	0.9990	whether for espionage or as a simple memory aid, voice recorders ensure you always have the means to gather evidence and information close to hand. thanks to digital technologies, device sizes have plummeted whilst recording capacities have soared: the days of the cumbersome dictaphone are long gone, and devices are increasingly designed to be hidden in plain sight. whether you need this functionality as a means to gather information or to simply impress your colleagues, here you ll find discrete digital recorders in a range of shapes and sizes. we also stock more traditional, feature focused devices emphasising digital storage capacity and ease of use. the high quality microphones across our range are appropriate for journalistic use, as well as for capturing audio evidence that will stand up in a court of law. finally, our audio enhancing service will be there should you need to improve the quality of any of your recordings. six great uses: - record interviews, formal meetings and dictate notes - gather evidence of abuse and harassment, at work or at home - go undercover to expose scams or criminal activity - record important telephone calls by placing a device next to your phone - obtain evidence of verbal agreements and promises - monitor activity in your home with such a large selection of gadgets available, we felt it would be appropriate to produce a guide to buying a voice recorder, covering the types available, their typical uses and the key features that should inform your purchase. disguised as a wide range of everyday objects, discrete recorders hide in plain sight. from the tried and tested spy pen to calculators, usb sticks, keychains, smoke alarms and even wall sockets. upon close inspection these gadgets fail to betray the fact that they contain microphones and enough flash memory for several hours of audio. as a result, they can be taken into or installed in virtually any location without rousing suspicion perfect for espionage or investigative journalism. high performance, non-discrete products while discrete devices are the height of cool, they re not necessarily the first choice for ease of use and sound quality. non-discrete recorders can feature larger buttons and lcd screens, whereas these would compromise the design of a discrete recorder. they can also feature larger and sometimes, superior quality microphones, and are likely to have a larger data capacity available. it s also worth noting the most discrete recorders do not feature integrated speakers, requiring you to transfer files onto your computer in order to listen to them. the type of device you choose will depend greatly on what you intend to use it for. you don t need to be an agent provocateur to find these gadgets useful: a wide range of professional and private individuals will find our products useful, either discretely or out in the open.
__label__non_math	0.9990	air permit for oil natural gas production wells on , the ohio epa issued a final general air permit for oil and natural gas production well sites. the general permit covers a variety of emission sources found at most shale gas well sites, including internal combustion engines, generators, dehydration systems, storage tanks, and flares. it also contains emission limits, operating restrictions, monitoring, and testing and reporting requirements. the permit only covers operations associated with production. not regulated by the permit are drilling and fracking operations, midstream operations, or processing facilities. nrc approves licenses for two reactors in georgia the u.s. nuclear regulatory commission has approved southern nuclear s combined construction and operating license col for the two-reactor plant vogtle expansion in georgia. southern nuclear, a subsidiary of southern company, will build two westinghouse electric co. ap1000 reactors at the site near augusta, ga. utah bill seeks tax credit for alternative energy a utah senate committee recently approved a bill that would specify state tax credits for alternative-energy producers and shift the program to the office of energy development. sb65, sponsored by sen. stuart adams, r-layton, would award credits starting at and going up to for to years, depending on the duration of a project s energy production. the bill would apply to everything from renewables to oil shale, tar sands, and nuclear. first u.s. tidal energy project receives license the federal energy regulatory commission ferc approved the first-ever commercial license for a u.s. tidal energy project in new york city s east river. new york, ny-based verdant power will install as many as turbines on more than acres in the east river along the strait that connects long island sound to the atlantic ocean. the project has licensing for years. verdant power s roosevelt island tidal energy rite project was initiated in and approved by the state of new york in december . under the new license for the rite project, verdant power will install turbines in three phases, operate the system remotely, and will employ a team of technicians to maintain the equipment and monitor the surrounding environment.
__label__non_math	0.9704	how does john shea manage to keep his job as a beat reporter covering the giants? i mean, since he seems to have little to no real knowledge about anything pertaining to baseball. by sporting the company line, of course: . the giants also sent the orioles cash to help compensate for the difference between the salaries for kline .million , leaving them the flexibility to fill their other needs, including a starting pitcher, though acquiring matt morris appeared less likely. first of all, how does giving away a million dollars increase the teams flexibility in attempting to rectify their horrible pitching staff? it does no such thing. in fact, what it does is limit a team that is operating under as tight a budget as any in baseball. it also means that sabean screwed the pooch, and shea is spin-doctoring like condoleeza rice. i cannot believe that sabean chose to replace a .million dollar pitcher who struck out guys in innings. moves like that should get you fired. as for the second part of that little excerpt, the cardinals, after missing out on aj burnett, have offered morris arbitration, meaning the giants chances have essentially evaporated. i ve also read, coincidentally, i guess , that the giants have no interest in trading for javier vazquez, jeff weaver, or signing kevin millwood. why? because they all make, or want to make, real money, that s why. sabean, clearly working under very strict financial constraints, decided to sign another pretend player, the padres first-baseman mark sweeney, to replace jt snow, who, along with brett tomko, was given his walking papers, finally . great, let one no-bat first baseman leave and replace him with a guy who is arguably worse. oh, and of course, sweeney is -years old. but hey, he sure can hit. an -year career that includes career home runs, and 195 career rbi. finally, a real first baseman. more of the same bullshit signings from the giants. oh, and in one of the press releases i read, sabean is quoted as saying that the giants saved a million dollars a season on the worrell deal by letting him go. yeah, good, solid logic there. two seasons of almost blown saves for a team trying to get the last possible greatness out of bonds to save million dollars at an aging, declining and soon to be out of baseball kirk reuter, throw away million dollars on tim worrell, and then tell us you can t afford to sign real players and real pitchers cause your mortgage payments are too high, something we know isn t true, by the way. that s called lying to your constituency, or in the case of the giants, your clientele. generally, not good for business. ready to pony up the cash for season tickets yet?
__label__non_math	0.9622	baby im callin to let you know not to worry cuz theres nothin wrong just need to get away by myself so imma take the long way home nothin can come between us please understand i need room to breath so imma take a little time for me its not like i dont wanna be around you but every now and then i need a little time to figure it out its not as bad as it seems but i'll be alright just need a moment for me. you gotta know i dont mean what i say when a say somthin mean its just one of those days gotta figure it out its not as bad as it seems i'll be alright just need a moment for me. baby out of loneliness can get a little cold but screamin fussin and fightin can get a little old so i gotta take some time to myself stead of puttin the blame on you never met wit someone me just gotta get over this thing imma be good in a minute imma get it right my baby. its not like you dont treat me right, its not like you dont have the time just gotta get away to clear my mind my mind its not that i dont wanna see ya and i know you'll be right there when i need ya baby i just need some time to clear my mind, my mind.
__label__non_math	0.9999	vive magazine, autumn when this interview is over, collette dinnigan will be hurrying home to pack: "when i get there, i'll be in a resort, by myself, for four whole days. i've never done anything like this before." you would think that collette dinnigan would have done pretty much everything by now. after all, she's attended oscar night in la with lachlan and sarah murdoch; she's walked down the red carpet at cannes with moulin rouge's baz luhrmann and catherine martin; she's hung out with kylie and nicole and cate. but the idea of being able to get away is thrilling to the woman who is now australia's most famous designer. this in spite of the fact that she regularly circumnavigates the world, calling in on her store customers in new york, her shop in london, her shows in paris and her craftsman beaders in bombay on the way. the new thrill comes from her belief that on this holiday, she will be able to switch off without fear that the business that bears her name will fall apart. a textbook libran, who calls herself, "am absolute control freak," dinnigan says she has changed herself too. as she explains, "a year ago, i realised that i couldn't have a holiday. if i did, if i took my finger off the pulse, things would go wrong. it wasn't anyone's fault. it was because things weren't written down and i was both the company head and its memory. but it was all getting too big for that. there's a lot of difference between dresses, 100 dresses and 300 dresses. we had grown, but the way the business was run had not. it just had to change." so her resolution, back in the beginning of , was to make change happen. looking back now, she admits that it has been exhausting. "there was so much stress," says dinnigan as she reflects on the toughest time in her business and her personal life. "i can always juggle a lot of things, but it all became too much. there was just not enough mental space for design. there was not enough space for anything." when the designer welcomed in the new year, she was delighted to see the end of . for last year, the former media darling, who once seemed could do no wrong, suddenly found herself in the papers as much for her divorce and a drink driving conviction as for her clothes. plus, on the business side, there was growing tension. behind the lilac weather-beaten front door belies the sleekness of the company's surry hills headquarters, analysts were opening attach cases on the blond wood tables. consultants were unrolling spreadsheets in the white-on-white rooms. unease in the face of change was palpable among a tight-knit staff, many of whom had ridden the collette dinnigan roller coaster ride for years. company restructuring, which is never comfortable, was taking place. the person who instigated it now admits she was most fearful of all. "but i knew, deep down, i had to listen to the outside views." the business had grown organically and fast, because its figurehead had always been resolutely gung-ho; had always said, "i can "when someone tells me what to do, i already know what to do," says dinnigan. so she had to reset her radar so that, "i would still trust my gut instinct but would also listen to their area of expertise." not that she didn't argue back on some of the points. "when they talked about economies of scale, i told them it would never happen. part of what we do is make evening gowns covered in swarovski crystals. i don't think of price. i think the value for your dollar and i am not going to cut back on that." the money men also told her that the design team had to get organised. the designer refused. "the chaos of this business, i couldn't get rid of. initially i tried but i realised there could be no compromise. it's part of the charm. the design department is very passionate and emotional. they don't write every figure down and they are never going to do that. i have attention to detail when it comes to buttons and fabrics. but not necessarily when it comes to filing." a compromise was reached. the designer, who has plenty of business acumen, but a shrinking reserve of time for it, recognised that she was wasting precious hours struggling with spreadsheets she found illogical. so she had an idea. why couldn't they be reformatted to make sense to her, rather than her needing to be trained to make sense of them? as a result, "i now get what i need from them. i want to know what went into store, what sold, what didn't and who our competitors are." many fashion businesses, which glitter in the heady start-up years, falter after they enter their second decade. dinnigan was determined not to follow suit. those that survive the first decade hurdle usually do so because there is someone dedicated to watching the numbers. yves saint laurent, for example, always had a steely business partner in his former lover, pierre berg . gucci genius and saint laurent ready-to-wear designer tom ford, was just another guy in the design room until he forged his talent with the business brains of domenico de sole. dinnigan has not yet found her berg , her de sole, but she has found useful friends, even if they are a phone call away across the world. "i've has a very few people who mentored me through this business," she says. "but recently i have met people i do respect." their advice has proved invaluable. for dinnigan, the new dynamic has included downsizing as a prelude to growing larger. staff numbers have held at . "without a plan, you think, 'i'm so busy. this is a problem. this is too much. i need another staff member.' now i have to learn that things are better with less people, but with people of quality." she explains that she has also learned some harsh lessons about the give and take of being the boss. "i have always wanted to give people career paths, but now i realise that it is not about just coming here to learn. the staff have to value-add to this business." what she means is less teaching, more expectations of results. a huge change for her has been saying no. in the past, and in moments of exhaustion, dinnigan longed to say yes to someone wanting to license her name. latterly, several approaches have been rebuffed. instead she has chosen to say yes to an expansion under another label which she has christened wild hearts. the uk retail giant, marks spencer, now sells girly, pretty bras that do not mention collette dinnigan's name at all, although those who seek out the affordable lingerie in david jones on this side of the world will guess who designed it. in london, the smarter m s customer knows she is getting collette dinnigan at a fraction of the price, but the majority are snapping up the pink and black chantilly lace bras and the polka dot cami knickers simply because they are deliciously naughty but nice. as for wild hearts, collette came up with the name on the run, or, to be precise airborne. "i knew i had to have it by the time i got to london. my first choice was wild cherry until, when i landed, i found out it's a porno sight wild hearts has been helped off the starting blocks by one of dinnigan's famous friends. even though supermodel helena christensen has latterly been a full time mother to her son. mingus, she was happy to rally to the cause. she and dinnigan have known each other since the danish beauty was the girlfriend of the late michael hutchence. since then, christensen has taken part in shoots and shows for dinnigan and has been a fervent supporter of the designer's clothes. "she trusts what i do and i knew she was ideal as a model for the line ." says dinnigan. "she's had a child. she's not anorexic. she's seductive and feminine." as for campaign photographer, ellen von unwerth, "i phoned her and he said yes because she loves my clothes, she's shot them many times." the shoot took place in paris on , just before the world changed. dinnigan found out about the terrorist attacks on america as she headed to a deserted charles de gaulle airport to fly back to sydney. in terms of business, her reaction was to batten down the hatches. "we cut back. we decided to show in sydney, with just a small follow up in paris. instead of eight staff going to europe, there were just three of us. we did everything we could on the cost side. we looked at our accounts and decided, let's give quality time to those who are most loyal to us. we upped our minimum order to us ,000. we asked customers to pre-pay a deposit. we can't carry debt. we are not a bank." one result was that some stock destined for america was never shipped, a dangerous position for a company that could have been swamped by season-sensitive inventory. but the strategy paid off. "we held stock back and we needed it," explains dinnigan, for her rich, australian, globetrotting core customers chose not to travel and to shop and home. "rule number one: look after the home market," says the designer, whose objectives this year include a complete refurbishment of her melbourne store. she now admits that her gorgeous little london shop, located in the hip, but very out of the way, chelsea green has caused a few headaches. "i thought i was going to die when i opened it strangely, financial changes since september have been positive for dinnigan. "suddenly no one was walking down bond street, but we're a destination store. amazingly, business went up per cent." in past years, dinnigan has always been restless in australia, living so far away from much of her market. "now, i think, 'thank god i live here.' but the reality that i only spend five or six months her won't change. i'm not keen on taking so many flights, but i have to." to cope, she runs. "i'm really fit. that's one commitment i make to myself. i am a healthy person with a strong constitution and i run for me. i do love the excitement and inspiration of the places i go to. in any case, i believe that mental stress is what brings you down." she describes her private life as, "calm". she adds: "i'm in a space i am enjoying. i used to fear that no man would take on a strong-willed woman. i've been surprised that some men are actually very attracted to that strength. also, i have learned that there are no rules in emotional relationships, they take away the magic. i don't feel desperate. i don't feel gloomy. i'd like to have children one day, some day, but at the moment i have no plans to commit." so will the near future see collette dinnigan sitting back and smelling the roses? don't bank on it. "i want the paris store to open by and i want la " she states. then she stops herself and laughs. "this is good for me. usually i'd be planning things and refurbishing a house
__label__non_math	0.9995	only natural s coral calcium mineral supplement combines the highest quality of sango coral calcium, vitamins, and minerals to ensure maximum calcium absorption. customers buy coral calcium from only natural because we use only the finest sango coral calcium. sango coral calcium supplements may promote the absorption of calcium and other minerals to support the body s bone and muscle systems, and promote overall health. our unique formula contains certified uncut sango coral calcium coral mineral powder the finest in the world. you can buy coral calcium pills comfortable in the knowledge that only natural s sango coral calcium is harvested under the strict supervision of the japanese government to ensure protection of the coral reef. calcium is vital for healthy teeth and gums, healthy blood pressure, and the transmission of nerve impulses. calcium is also necessary for muscular growth and contraction. coral calcium may be beneficial to athletes because it may prevent muscle cramps. coral calcium supplements may also prevent bone loss associated with osteoporosis. coral calcium allows an increase in absorption of calcium due to deposited trace minerals found in the coral during its formation, which increases its effectiveness. coral calcium supplements may assist with proper absorption of calcium and other minerals, support bone and muscle health, and promote overall health. buy coral calcium from only natural now and see the benefits of adding sango coral calcium to your diet for yourself. one bottle contains vegetable capsules.
__label__non_math	1.0000	the business register and employment survey bres is the official source of employee and employment estimates by detailed geography and industry. it is also used to update the inter-departmental business register idbr , the main sampling frame for business surveys conducted by the office for national statistics ons , with information on the structure of businesses in the uk. the survey collects employment information from businesses across the whole of the uk economy for each site that they operate. this allows the ons to produce employee and employment estimates by detailed geography and industry split by full-time part-time workers and whether the business is public private. the ons produces a number of different measures of employment including workforce jobs and the annual population survey labour force survey. however, bres is the recommended source of information on employment by detailed geography and industry. this section provides information and guidance supporting bres. the latest figures from the survey are available on the business register and employment survey release page and nomis. if you cannot find what you are looking for or require further help or information about bres please contact us: by email at: email by telephone on: by post at: business register and employment survey office for national statistics
__label__non_math	1.0000	you are not logged in. please login or register. active topics unanswered topics ontheminute.com football forum italy roma to get their revenge? you must login or register to post a reply rss topic feed do you believe roma will get their revenge over manchester united in the champions league this season? can they beat united -? have your say
__label__non_math	0.9998	it started as a simple excavation project at a reservoir near snowmass village. it ended up as one of the largest fossil excavations ever, and the project will soon be featured in national geographic and as a one-hour nova program on rocky mountain pbs. a book is also being written about the snowmastodon project the nova program is called ice age death trap and it premiers at p.m mst, wednesday, feb. on rocky mountain pbs. the television special follows scientists as they raced against a deadline to uncover the unique site packed with well-preserved bones of mammoths, mastodons, and other giant extinct beasts. acrylic painting of ziegler reservoir landscape by jan vriesen, depicts about 120,000 years ago, when the area was dominated by mastodon, giant ground sloths, and bison. photo courtesy denver museum of nature science. the denver museum of nature science sent crews to the site, where they uncovered ,000 bones of kinds of ice age animals. in addition to the mammoths and mastodons, there were ground sloths, camels, deer, horses, and giant bison. overview of ice age dig site near snowmass village lower left . photo courtesy denver museum of nature science. the february issue of national geographic magazine will feature a short article and photo of the project. the new book, digging snowmastodon: discovering an ice age world in the colorado rockies, goes on sale at the museum march . a tusk force was also formed by the town of snowmass village and they created a non-profit entity called discover snowmass to organize, and figure out how to capitalize on the snowmass ice age find. the snowmass ice age discovery center is on the snowmass village mall. it s free and open every day in the winter from a.m. to p.m. snowy, the mascot, is frequently seen around the snowmass village mall. photo courtesy snowmass tourism. the scientists aren t the only ones that are excited about this extraordinary find, said patsy popejoy with snowmass tourism. the entire community has mammoth fever, from a local restaurant changing their name to little mammoth cafe serving up mastodon stew, our retailers selling ice age t-shirts, mugs, and stuffed animal mammoths and mastodons, to the town council approving widespread panic s song woolly mammoth as the official town song. the discovery has created quite a buzz in the community and with our visitors. dr. kirk johnson, vice president of research collections and chief curator of the denver museum of nature and science and a lead scientist on the dig, will be back in snowmass on march 22nd to give an aspen historical society-sponsored talk about the discovery. the snowmass ice age discovery center is on the snowmass village mall. photo courtesy snowmass tourism.
__label__non_math	0.9998	whistler caters to skiing and snowboarding families all winter long, but in april, the deals amp up for families with young children. they can get a huge break on ski vacations in april with whistler blackcomb s free deals for kids. with kids free in april, families can take a spring ski or snowboard vacation for less. kids years old and younger can stay free, ski free, and rent free april -, . some stipulations apply to the deal. the free lift tickets and free rentals for kids are available with purchases of adult lift tickets and rentals. a minimum of three days is required. lodging packages for the program start at per adult per night. that rate is based on four nights of lodging and three days of skiing for a family of two adults and two children in a traditional hotel room. the package must also be booked at least three days prior to arrival. several ski lesson programs are discounted during discover whistler days. some kids ski lesson programs drop in price by percent april -. whistler caters to families with fun activities for kids. whistler and blackcomb mountains each have special fun places for kids to take a break on the slopes. on whistler mountain, the tree fort tucks in the forest off bear cub. on blackcomb mountain, the magic castle hides just below easy out with a series of fun family tree trails. both have stairs to access slides. other family fun is available, too. families can sail together down the slopes on tubes in the coca-cola tube park or zip across the ice at the outdoor skating rink at the olympic plaza. to make reservations, call 888-403-. or go online here. - resorts - consistent snow - diverse destinations - resorts open before those of many other states - home to vail, beaver creek, copper mountain
__label__non_math	0.9998	evasion mont blanc, les portes du mont-blanc write new review total reviews: le domaine de ski de meg ve est vraiment une perle. on comprend la fascination qu'exerce cette station les pistes sont accessibles, et l'ambiance "ski da... share your opinion of this resort to help other users. explain what you do or don't like and why by kattia - 30th august cons: impolite, rude, vain staff megave has beautiful mountains surrounding it and good for skiing. however, i found myself in the most idiotic, pretentious place in haute savoie or even al... full review by toby - 31st january great place to ski people watch. fun relaxed night life. not that expensive if you have money should have taken your parents credit card tom . all i... full review by surreytom - 5th april great if you like stuck-up french people, snotty bar owners and ridiculously strict night club entry policies. however . although the resort is at a lo... full review by anonymoususer - 25th january fantatic resort for skiers of all abilities. more sophisticated than your average resort so you should expect a corresponding increase in prices in bars an... full review by patrick thorne - 22nd january meg ve was one of the earliest ski resorts to be created - a french answer to st moritz. it is still the place for the well heeled rather than the grunge c... full review register to submit your review note: if you represent the management of this property and would like to respond to a review, please use the management response form. order before and save up to percent on season pass prices. as a bonus, the resort will even throw in a few gifts.more onthesnow was invited to emile's 100th birthday party in his home town of megeve.more get snow reports, forecasts, and conditions for your favorite resorts, mountains and ski areas. get started forgot your username or password? by clicking on 'create new account' below, you confirm that you accept the terms conditions. click to collapse search for resorts in: click the map to add a state to your resort search click to add colorado
__label__non_math	0.9999	staying active and connected on social networking site is an important part if you re an internet marketer or a blogger. everytime you update a status, it s shared in front of million of users which brings you visitors, customers and readers. the more social sites you register, the more visitors it brings. and therefore, you have to invest more time to manage these social networking sites. there are many apps available, which lets you to manage all these networking sites, both offline and online. some of them allows you to update status on all networking sites all at-once like ping.fm, while some of them allows you to schedule updates like bufferapp.com, and some of them also gives your detailed analytics of your social media activity like sproutsocial.com. gremln is a web app that allows you to manage all your social media activity under one roof. you can schedule recurring status message on twitter, facebook, linkedin and on ping.fm. much like bufferapp, you can add multiple twitter, facebook and linkedin accounts. gremln gives you most of the features free than other paid social media programs. check some of it s feature below: read full story
__label__non_math	1.0000	member since from: surf city, santa cruz, calif. interests: family, surfing, cooking, music, hawaiiana, tiki drinks, polynesian pop culture tiki central profile traditional "polynesian style" vintage or modern, non-handled tiki mugs and shots. hawaiian, marquesan, rarotongan, moai, maori and close interpretations thereof. sorry, no tiki bob's...
__label__non_math	1.0000	member since from: maui, hawaii interests: tiki mugs, surfing, graphics website - tiki central profile aloha from maui i don't have all the money in the world, so i've had to limit my collecting to vintage only. well, maybe if there is a new mug that i really like, or a limited edition. contact me if you would like a custom mug made just for you
__label__non_math	0.9970	the stage is now set for the opening act of one of the more spectacular and intriguing theatrical dramas on the planet the election of a pope. in rome, tv camera crews have set up their positions on a big platform overlooking st peter's square and the vatican, where the secretive process will begin tuesday. bookies are raking in bets, even though veteran vatican watchers insist that no obvious front runner has emerged from a wide field of possible candidates to replace benedict xvi, the first pope to resign in nearly 600 years. after a tsunami of scandals about clerical sex abuse and cover-ups, vatican mismanagement and corruption and more besides this is the roman catholic church's chance to generate some positive headlines as attention focuses on the mysterious workings of what's known as the conclave. conclave latin for "with a key" is a historic term that refers to the fact that the cardinals charged with the task of electing a new leader of the world's .billion catholics will do so locked within the vatican. most of the 115 "cardinal electors" will be housed in two-room suites in a guesthouse run by nuns. the accommodation is, by all accounts, modest three- rather than five-star. on hand is a team of cooks, doctors the average age of this group of cardinals is , priests to take confession and technicians to enforce a communications blackout, both in the guesthouse and the sistine chapel, where the balloting takes place. the vatican is determined to prevent any outside interference or news leaking out from a twittering cleric. "the phone doesn't work, the tv doesn't work. they have no e-mail, they have no internet, they have no cellphones," says father thomas j. reese, of the national catholic reporter, who is an authority on the workings of the conclave. tuesday morning, the "cardinal electors" will celebrate mass in st. peter's basilica. then, mid-afternoon, they walk into the sistine chapel in procession, while singing prayers, and take their places. within the chapel, the scene must surely be stunning a throng of cardinals, wearing blood-red robes, sashes and crucifixes beneath the pulsating blue, silver and gold hues of the renaissance frescoes that adorn the sistine's vaulted ceiling. "the cardinals recognize this is the most important thing they will ever do in their lives. this is the high point of being a cardinal," reese says. "in the sistine chapel, they are sitting in absolute silence with michelangelo's 'jesus at the last judgment' staring down from them from the wall." after the cardinals have sworn oaths to observe the rules, and maintain secrecy everyone who is not part of the conclave is ordered out with the announcement "extra omnes the cardinals likely will vote once tuesday, writing their choice on a small ballot paper. they walk up, one by one, and deposit this in an urn on an altar.papers are counted by three cardinals, one of whom reads out the names. a two-thirds majority is required. after the first day, there are two ballots each morning and two each afternoon until a pope is elected. ballot papers are burnt in a stove inside the sistine chapel that's connected to a chimney on the roof. if there is no victor, the smoke with the help of some chemicals comes out black. white smoke signals a new man has been chosen. that, at any rate, is what's supposed to happen. "it's never worked all that well," reese says, "i wish they'd test it and make sure it works before they go into the conclave, because last time the smoke came out grey. everybody was asking "is it white? is it black?" the selected candidate is asked if he accepts the post. he can, theoretically, refuse, though this is extremely unlikely. pope john paul i is said to have come close, muttering, "no, oh please no he chooses his new name, the cardinals pledge obedience, and the new pontiff is then dressed in his white robes with the help of a tailor. three sizes have been prepared: small, medium and large. this is the moment when a cardinal appears on a balcony overlooking st peter's square to announce the news. "everybody's cheering," says monsignor kevin irwin, professor of liturgical studies at the catholic university of america. "and he the cardinal says, 'i announce to you good news the cardinal then gives the name of the new pope, who eventually appears on the balcony and delivers a blessing before the cheering crowds in st peter's square, to rome and the world beyond. the concept of the conclave is believed to date back some 770 years, when the papacy was vacant for a year and a half because no one could agree who the next pope should be. the people and senators of rome grew so fed up that they locked up the cardinals until they reached an agreement. over the centuries, some conclaves have lasted months. that is not expected this time though nothing is certain. there is speculation about divisions among the cardinals, including between the curia, which is the vatican administration, and cardinals from elsewhere. but the last time a conclave dragged on beyond five days was in . so keep your eyes on that smoke.
__label__non_math	1.0000	cornucopia, wi - enjoying fresh apple cider is a wonderful fall tradition in wisconsin. but lately, some individuals have noticed that fresh cider seemed absent from farmer's markets and farm stands around the state. after some wisconsin food safety inspectors misinterpreted state laws as prohibiting the sale of raw apple cider at farmers markets, many apple growers shied away from bringing their freshly pressed cider to public markets. through the efforts of the cornucopia institute, a national family farm research group based in wisconsin, the confusion has been cleared up by the wisconsin department of agriculture, trade and consumer protection datcp . their bureau of food safety inspection clarified that apple growers are indeed allowed to sell raw apple cider at farmers markets, when several criteria are met. growers may sell unpasteurized apple cider at farmers markets, only if they have pressed and bottled the cider at their own farms. in addition to farmers markets they can sell cider directly off their farms, at farm stands they operate, through community sponsored agriculture programs csas and even door-to-door. "there is no fresh food that we eat that doesn't carry some risk associated with it, said charlotte vallaeys, farm food policy analyst with cornucopia. many consumers believe that raw, unprocessed foods offer superior nutrition. the datcp rules are intended to minimize risks and educate the consumer, added vallaeys. wisconsin farmers may only sell their unpasteurized cider directly to consumers, not wholesale, and must affix a warning label on each container to alert consumers that the cider has not been treated to reduce the likelihood of bacterial contamination. in response to a e. coli outbreak that was traced to odwalla apple juice, the fda requires all juice that is distributed wholesale, or sold through retail outlets, to be pasteurized in an effort to prevent foodborne illness. these commercial products normally travel great distances and might not be as fresh as locally produced cider. for small-scale and local growers who press their own apples at the farm, and who follow responsible agricultural practices to prevent contamination, pasteurization may not be an option due to the costs involved. they can genuinely prevent contamination by following good agricultural and processing practices for example, by using only apples that were picked straight off the tree and never apples that have fallen to the ground. for local growers wishing to sell raw apple cider directly to their customers, the clarification by the bureau of food safety and inspection that they may indeed sell their raw apple cider at farmers markets is welcome news, said vallaeys. while pasteurization kills pathogens that may have contaminated the cider, some consumers seek out raw cider because they believe that pasteurization also kills beneficial enzymes and nutrients, and therefore adversely affects the quality and flavor of what they call a "living food." if purchased directly from a local grower who followed good agricultural practices, they argue, the likelihood of bacterial contamination is too low to justify the impact on quality through pasteurization. a fact sheet, designed to educate wisconsin apple growers, including applicable state and federal regulations, can be accessed at: the cornucopia institute is dedicated to the fight for economic justice for the family-scale farming community. through research, advocacy and economic development our goal is to empower farmers both politically and through marketplace initiatives.
__label__math	1.0000	on mon, at : -, steve wise wrote: i personally don't like the idea to add another layer of complexity to openib btl code just to work around hw that doesn't follow spec. if work around is simple that is ok, but in this case it is not so simple and will add code path that is rarely tested. a simple workaround for the problem may be to not configure multiple qps if hw has a bug and we can extend ini file to contain this info . it doesn't sound too complex to implement the above design. in fact, that's the way this btl used to work, no? there are large customers requesting ompi over cxgb3 and we're ready to provide the effort to get this done. so i request we come to an agreement on how to support this device efficiently and for ompi-. . yes. the btl used to work like that before. but the current way of doing credit management requires much less memory, so i don't think reverting to the old way is a right thing. and having two different ways of sending credit updates seems like additional complexity. the problem is not just with writing code, but this code will have to be maintained for unknown period of time will this problem be solved in your next gen hw? . i am ok with adding old fc in addition to current fc if the code is trivial and easy to maintain. do you think it is possible to add what you want and meet these requirements?
__label__non_math	0.9404	nasa destination tomorrow segment exploring the background of the first attempted flights. the segment also looks back on the pioneers who built the first flying machine. keywords: nasa destination tomorrow; first flight; wright brothers; glider; flight pioneers; flying machine; aviation; aerodynamic principles; bird flight; feathers; flapping wings; heavier than air machine; hot air balloon; lift; drag; whirling arm; wing designs; popularity downloads : wetland acreage was in danger of disappearing, and restoration was urgent popularity downloads : 386 large arches and columns are seen surrounding a flat field. in the foreground of the field, some american indians on horseback ride toward the camera. the indians are wearing feathers,... keywords: pan-american exposition-- :--buffalo; n; y; united states; --army; --infantry--drill and tactics--drama; battles--new york state --buffalo--drama; indians of north america--wars--drama; exhibitions--united states; exhibition buildings--new york state --buffalo; buffalo ny actuality--short; popularity downloads : 610 nasa destination tomorrow video containing four segments as described below. nasa destination tomorrow segment exploring the transition of aircraft design through the years. the segment describes what aircraft may... keywords: nasa destination tomorrow; aircraft revolution; jet engine; propeller; innovation; efficient; vehicle systems program; subsonic transports; supersonic aircraft; personal air vehicles; blended wing body; bwb; emissions; noise reduction; environmentally friendly; air pressure waves; sound barrier; shock wave; sonic boom; first flight; wright brothers; controlled flight; aircraft design; aeronautical annual; bicycle; glider flight; scientists; engineers; engine; flight pioneers; flying machine; aviation; aerodynamic principles; bird flight; feathers; flapping wings; heavier than air machine; hot air balloon; lift; drag; whirling arm; wing designs; nasa; naca; aeronautical development; aviation organization; president woodrow wilson; pioneer flight achievments; lab; variable density tunnel; high altitude flying; air pressure; wind tunnel; aerodynamics; jet powered aircraft; popularity downloads : nasa sci files video containing the following twelve segments. nasa sci files segment describing how engineers negotiate the natural factors that affect airplane flight. nasa sci files segment describing how... keywords: bob star; electronic classroom; dryden flight research center; weight; center of gravity; wing; tail; pitch; yaw; f 104 starfighter; lift; x29; burt rutan; boomerang; proteus; voyager; imagination; wing span; thrust; dr. textbook; birds; icarus; davinci; popularity downloads : nasa connect video containing five segments as described below. nasa connect segment featuring the website of the u.s. centennial flight commission. the website consists of activities for students and teachers... keywords: nasa connect; centennial of flight; wright brothers; congress; united states; web activity; astronautics; aeronautics; flight simulator; axis; first flying machine; glider; kitty hawk; engineering method; pitch; roll; yaw; wind tunnel; elevator control; wing warp; rudder; propellor; wing; lift; drag; student activity; kite; sail area; base; height; trapezoidal; aspect ratio; span; first flight; wilbur wright; orville wright; flying machine; inventor; process of invention; aircraft design; computer simulation; biology; force; pressure; relationship; design process; metamorphosis; morphing; technology; control devices; smart matierals; adaptive structure; aerodynamics; air flow; micro-flow control; biomimetics; nature; fish fins; popularity downloads : nasa sci files video containing four segments as described below. in the first segment of the case of the zany animal antics, the tree house detectives learn about the animal... keywords: nasa scifiles; the zany animal antics; animal kingdom; kingdom; phylum; class; order;family; genus; species; classification; dichotomous key; bioluminescent; endoskeleton; ectotherms; fish; amphibians; metamorphos; reptiles; birds; mammals; food chain; consumers; herbivores; carnivores; food web; migration; migration patterns; dna; mitosis; meiosis; zygote; reproduction; student activity; bats; population; random sample; endangered species; bald eagle; levels of endangerment; popularity downloads :
__label__non_math	1.0000	librarians and booksellers our model of publishing is affordable and convenient for librarians and booksellers. our paperbacks retail at around and our hardbacks at , which is significantly less than most academic monographs. they are printed on high quality acid free paper. librarians can also order digital copies of any of our titles for under from our website. our paperbacks, hardbacks and pdfs can be ordered on our website if you would like us to send you an invoice rather than paying by credit card, please email us with details of your order . you can also order our books through the following international wholesale distributors:barnes noble ingram book company we would love to hear from you if you have any suggestions on how we can best serve librarians and booksellers. please contact alessandra tosi.
__label__non_math	0.9141	affordable health care for america act from opencongress wiki back to main bill page for votes, text and more. the affordable health care for america act h.r. is the final, merged version of the health care reform legislation that the house has been working on for much of . the bill contains a moderate compromise on the public option by requiring the hhs secretary to negotiate provider reimbursement rates rather than having them tied to medicare. the bill also would require all individuals to have insurance, establish a new health insurance exchange, require most employers to provide insurance, ban insurance companies from denying coverage because of pre-existing conditions and more. this bill has been estimated to extend health insurance to roughly percent of the population at a ten year cost of billion. it contains a number of tax and revenue provisions that result in it being deficit neutral over the -year budget period. expanding coverage and choice - established a new health insurance exchange for individuals and employers to use for comparison shopping between health care plans. the exchange will carry plans that meet certain minimum coverage standards and will be available to the general public as a website and telephone hotline. - creates a government-run public health insurance option to compete with the private plans offered on the exchange. unlike a previous version of the bill that would tie the public option to medicare rates, the public option would have reimbursment rates that are negotiated by the secretary of hhs. the congressional budget office has estimated that the negotiated-rate public option would have higher premiums, on average, than similar private plans. - the bill contains a number of consumer protections including a ban on insurance companies denying coverage because of pre-existing medical conditions. it would also prohibit annual and lifetime caps on benefits and would only allow insurance companies to consider age, geographic region and family size when setting rates. - long-standing exemption from the federal antitrust laws would be ended by the bill. making insurance more affordable - provides sliding-scale affordability credits for helping low and medium-income people buy insurance. the credits start and are most generous just above of the federal poverty level the proposed new cut off for medicaid and are phased out completely at of fpl. no affordability credits would be given to undocumented immigrants and any that are used to buy insurance plans that cover abortion must be segregated from the individual's share of the premiums so that the credits don't go towards the abortion coverage. - caps annual out-of-pocket spending for qualifying plans at a maximum of ,000 per individual. - expands medicaid eligibility to all individuals and families with incomes below of the fpl. - requires all employers besides small ones with payrolls below 500,000 payroll floor to the full percent for companies with payrolls above . - starting in , once all provisions are implemented, it would require all individuals to have qualifying insurance coverage or pay an annual fine capped at .percent of income. - it requires all americans to purchase comprehensive health insurance plans that provide more health benefits than most current health care plans. see pp. 103-118. - it requires the federal government to provide health insurance public option and long-term care insurance class program . see pp. 211-225 and . - it mandates price controls for health insurance, medical services, medical equipment, and prescription drugs. see pp. -. - it provides unlimited funds to grants and programs. see pp. , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . - it creates new types grants. each type may be granted multiple times by the secretary of health and human services at her discretion. see pp. , , 206-210, 618, 619, 737, , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and . - it prevents states from receiving grant money if they enact tort reform. see pp. . - it creates federal insurance exchanges that are supported by national call centers to guide consumer choice, handle enrollment, process claims, and handle complaints. all communications must be supported in every language and culture in each state. see pp. 183-194, 617-618, 627, , , , , , , , and . - it limits fsas, msas, and hsas only to prescription drugs and insulin. it eliminates the option to make pre-tax purchases of non-prescription drugs, eyeglasses, dental care, etc. see pp. 324-325. - it creates several new federal agencies. one is the "health choices administration" see p. 131 , which oversees health insurance exchanges see p. 155 . another is the "indian health services", which oversees healthcare services to american indians see p. . - it creates several new offices, such as the office of the ombudsman p. 213 , "office on women's health" see pp. , , , and , and office of indian men s health see p. . - it creates a massive expansion of the department of heath and human services, which already runs medicaid and medicare. it assigns more than new responsibilities to the secretary of health and human services. this includes giving away hundreds of grants worth billions of dollars, and overseeing a budget increased by hundreds of billions of dollars to support literally thousands of new regulations, penalties, sanctions, moratoriums, audits, investigations, oversights, surveillance, approvals, lawsuits, negotiations, services, awards, scholarships, loans, contracts, rebates, reimbursements, compensations, exemptions, waivers, reforms, offices, committees, task forces, centers, programs, standards, requirements, measures, methods, priorities, goals, rules, policies, processes, protocols, guidelines, plans, studies, surveys, reports, publications, web sites, call centers, data centers, facilities, training, and jobs. almost every page in the bill gives new powers to the secretary. a few highlights include pp. , , , , -, -, 105, 205, 210, 211, 212, 213, 214, 216, 217, 219, 220, 266, 281, 284, 293, 426, 450, 510, 560, etc. - it gives the secretary of hhs discretionary power to set prices, deny coverage, and ration health care see pp. , , , , , 397-402, 404-405, 408, 478, 491-493, 508, 558-560, 582, 650, 725, 862, , , , and . - it requires the government to track and cross-link data for every medical claim, transaction, health record, patient survey, medical device and the data it produces. see pp. -, 406-408, 661-662, , and . - it requires the government to track personal information such as the hiring of nurses and doctors along with their wages, benefits, turnover, and tenure; the tracking of drugs prescribed by doctors, the personal financial transactions of doctors, and the personal investments made by doctors. see pp. 762-825 764, 809, 823, 825 , 889-896, and . - it creates a new "center for comparative effectiveness research", which is given unlimited access to all information from all federal departments and agencies see pp. 736, 737, 746 . this includes information from medicare, medicaid, social security, the new health exchanges, the new government-run insurance agencies. this includes the new electronic data that will be collected by the government, which tracks all medical records, claims, complaints, financial data, doctors fees, doctors wages, medical equipment data, etc. the purpose is to enable the center to make recommendations so the new "center for quality improvement" can define "best practices" to be incorporated into the "workflow of health care providers". see pp. 734-737, 738-762, 823-826, and . read hr3962 online: download hr3962 as a pdf: the page numbers referenced in this article refer to the pages in the pdf.
__label__math	0.9984	toolkit survey: glut together with jim mathies i am creating a comparison between various opengl toolkits and widget libraries. the end result will be available through the opengl toolkit faq: if you have any experience with the toolkit widget library mentioned in the topic, feel free to post your comments in this thread. . what is the purpose of the toolkit? 1c demo building . what platforms are supported? 2a apple - which os 2c unix - which ones 2d win32 - which one of not all . what languages can be used with the toolkit? 3d visual basic .what compilers can be used with the toolkit? 4d borland c 4e gcc unix 4f cc unix . what is the target audience of the toolkit? . please give some information about the current maintenance status of the 6a is it actively maintained 6b what is the current released version, when was it released 6c what where the previous three major releases, when were they released . what type of license is required to use the toolkit? . is all sourcecode of the toolkit available for inspection? . how is the toolkit deployed? 9a using static libraries 9b using dynamic libraries . what is the approximate size of the library? . what prerequisites dependencies does the toolkit have? . what are the graphical features of the toolkit? this section can be as elaborate as you want 12a extension support 12b fullscreen support 12c gui-controls widgets available 12d input handling: joystick support 12e input handling: keyboard support 12f input handling: mouse support 12g win32 : directinput support 12h multi-state support 12i multiple windows support 12j rendering loop if present, is it extendable 12k resolution color depth selection 12l screen capturing and printer features 12m text output handling 12n texture management . what other features are present in the toolkit? again, be as elaborate as you want 13a multi-threading support 13b network support 13c oo-framework extendable inheritable 13d scripting language s 13e sound support 13f supported file formats 13g timer functions . what other things do you want to add regarding your toolkit?
__label__non_math	1.0000	i would like to add my application to the list "applications using pick directory" in how do i do that? just add your application to this website using "create content". then choose "application" and select the intents that your application uses. your application will appear automatically on the listings of those intents.
__label__non_math	0.9975	this probably makes me something of an anomaly as a blogger, but i ve never really cared for lists. or rather, i don t mind reading other people s, but i don t have any real drive to come up with my own this being a literary blog, i guess i m talking primarily about book lists. i like when folks put together odd shelves, like kat warren s antagonist lit here or bookforum s excellently eclectic syllabi, because there s a theme, some kind of coherent story involved that i can follow. and i wouldn t turn down a trip to the louvre to see what umberto eco is up to. but i ve never quite managed to get into the spirit of rankings. being somewhat of a belt-notcher, i usually go through and count up the books i ve read on any given list, and then just to humble myself i ll do another count of how many i haven t read but own. i like the quantitative aspect well enough. but the qualitative? i don t know. i have trouble thinking of books in terms of rank, even in groups. when i reflect on my own reading there are books i didn t think were all that good, and books i loved, and a whole bunch that i liked quite a bit, but within all those categories usually comes some kind of qualification. there are too many variables for me to fit them into any order. that would be as hard as grading my best friends, or my favorite songs or movies. and the whole idea of awarding one primacy over the rest is even weirder. i don t have a favorite book although come to think of it, i do have a favorite movie and i m monogamous, too, so there goes that line of reasoning . rankings based on personal preference are more a form of information about the person who made the call than what s being considered; rankings by committee are about the dynamics of deliberation. on the other hand, the conversations surrounding lists are usually interesting. earlier this fall, the millions conducted two polls one among their contributors and literary acquaintances, another of their readers on facebook to come up with the top novels of the millennium thus far. it was a fun countdown, and while the results weren t exactly earth-shattering the concept was ripe for projecting whatever you wanted onto it, and the surrounding conversations were definitely lively. garth risk hallberg posted a nice wrap up that went on to take a look at the basic dilemma of the list: we realized from the get-go, of course, that listing the best books published in the first years of the 21st century would be an act of hubris. why not soft-pedal it? we decided, however and tried to state explicitly in our introduction to the series , that the spirit of the exercise was not to put to rest a conversation about taste and literary merit, but to provoke one. some more or less recent books some people like, an accurate if unwieldy title, was less likely to generate debate than best of the millennium, so we braced ourselves and went for it. the resulting discussions were interesting and worth following. and i will say that all that dissection did inch me a bit further toward reading the corrections sorry, spoiler . another fun countdown more of an agglomeration, really was the national book foundation s blog series of the national book awards fiction winners since , which unfolded from last july through september. now it s that time of the year again, and the nba announced its list of finalists last week. it s an interesting batch, with the most controversial looking to be the inclusion of david small s graphic novel stitches in the young people s literature category. i think it s a great choice, myself. i haven t read any of the other ya books, but stitches was affecting and beautifully done, and certainly not inappropriate for a middle- or high-schooler although the kids whose parents don t want them to read something like that are the ones who probably should. the one fiction contender i hadn t heard of is bonnie jo campbell s american salvage. it s got my underdog antenna all aquiver, being a a short story collection b from a university press c by an offbeat, up-and-coming author who doesn t live in brooklyn d with an elegant, scrappy cover. are those enough reasons to add yet another book to the shelf? because there is one list that i never get tired of tinkering around with, and that would be my wish list.
__label__non_math	1.0000	feel free to distribute or cite this material, but please credit the center for responsive politics. for permission to reprint for commercial uses, such as textbooks, contact the center.
__label__non_math	1.0000	a recent poll suggests that a majority of maryland voters believe that treatment is a viable alternative to prison for substance abusers and that the state's alcohol tax should be increased to pay for expanded drug treatment programs. the open society institute-baltimore commissioned the poll, which was released today. it comes as osi prepares to co-host a national conference on successful drug treatment strategies that is slated to open this week in baltimore. osi hopes the poll's findings will persuade state officials to allocate an additional million to serve an additional ,500 addicts annually. treatment advocates estimate that baltimore has about ,000 addicts the highest concentration in the state and while the million would be a step in the right direction, it would not solve the problem. they say that if baltimore's treatment network had the capacity to serve ,000 addicts a year, the city might finally reach a "tipping point" in its battle against addiction. in , ,320 addicts received treatment in baltimore, according to figures compiled by the city. "we have come a long way, but at some point there is still just not enough resources," said diana morris, executive director of osi, which is organizing the "cities on the right track: building public drug treatment systems" conference. "we need to get those people into treatment. that's when we're really going to start to see dramatic public health benefits." osi founder and billionaire financier george soros, baltimore mayor martin o'malley and the mayors of denver, providence, r.i., and buffalo, n.y., are expected to attend the conference, as well as health officials from cities across the nation. morris and other advocates said they are encouraged by the results of the poll because they show that residents are knowledgeable about the benefits of drug treatment, and they strongly support an expansion of treatment opportunities. opinionworks, an annapolis firm, conducted the survey of more than ,000 registered voters across the state. according to its findings, percent of voters view treatment as an effective way to help people overcome their addictions, and percent view drug treatment as being more effective than incarceration. of those who said they knew someone with an addiction, percent said the person was unable to obtain any form of treatment, and percent said the person was unable to gain access to publicly funded treatment. while the number of slots in baltimore drug treatment programs has increased in recent years, advocates say the city has not reached the goal of "treatment on demand." "there has been a huge push in the city to expand drug treatment, and it shows," said baltimore health commissioner dr. joshua sharfstein, who will present a history of drug treatment in the city at the conference. "but there is clearly more to do." sharfstein said he was pleased to see that more than two-thirds of those polled said they would support several policy options to improve drug treatment services, including expanded coverage by private insurance companies and an increase of the state's alcohol tax. past efforts to change the alcohol tax, which stands at .per gallon for whiskey, cents per gallon for beer and cents per gallon for wine, have failed, but advocates said the timing could be right to bring the question back to lawmakers in annapolis. "if there was political will, we could reach the ,000 mark," said adam brickner, president of baltimore substance abuse systems, an arm of city government that oversees addiction treatment. "it's all a matter of funding." morris said that a major reason osi decided to hold the conference was to spotlight some of baltimore's drug treatment successes. she said experts believe that expanded drug treatment services in the city have contributed to a percent decrease in new hiv cases and a percent decrease in property crimes. brickner, who has been on the job for a little more than a year, said the city's success with treating addicts is one of the main reasons he decided to come to baltimore. he pointed to two programs one that works with drug-addicted women to help them reunite with their children, and one that works with the court system to expedite drug treatment for felons as examples of the city's ingenuity. "i can't wait to tell them what we are doing in baltimore because it is so innovative," said brickner, who will participate in the conference. "it's having an impact." the drug addiction solutions conference, which is co-sponsored by the johns hopkins bloomberg school of public health and the city, will be held wednesday at the tremont grand hotel and thursday at the johns hopkins school of medicine. information: 410-234-.
__label__non_math	0.9998	different pointe of view mothers day brunchfantastic location. one of the best views in the city. the brunch easily matches the view in its beauty and variety. all the standard brueakfast items are there. the savory dishes were varied and expertly prepared. prime rib, lamb chops, pork roast, game hen, and the best short rib i think i have ever eaten. varied sides that nicely compliment everything. cheese course, yes. a dessert selection that impressed my pastry chef wife. we attend this brunch every mothers day, and will continue. :amobscenely expensive for aobscenely expensive for a buffet brunch. when the charge is .per person, charging for a cosmo is unthinkable. :amwonderful the ambiance and food is wonderful here; i cannot wait to return also an excellent choice for a special dinner: creative cuisine, superb waitstaff and the mountaintop location provides a fantastic nighttime view of phoenix. :amincredible view enhances theincredible view enhances the ambiance of this special restaurant. the food and service were excellent. although i am gluten-free, they could accommodate me without any trouble. although this is not really a kid-friendly restaurant, they made my -year old grandson happy and comfortable. :amthe food and service werethe food and service were very good. we had a corner table with windows. the downside was several bugs crawling on the inside of the window. :amwhat a view for dinner restaurant up one level. great tables both inside out. with fabulous views. food was outstanding, service was complimentary wine list commendable. :amgreat viewbeautiful setting with great view. service was attentive. food was better than most 'hotel' food but not gourmet and disappointing given the price. :amspectacular viewone of the best views that i have seen anywhere. evening weather is perfect for outdoor dining or drinks. excellent food, romantic, a great place for special occasions. :amthe best in phoenix. foodthe best in phoenix. food was oustanding as was the service with a breathetakin gview of phoenix and the valley a must go to place when in phoenix absolutetly oustanding
__label__non_math	0.9992	fleming's steakhouse - boston outstanding eveningmy wife and i enjoyed our evening at flemings. the steaks were perfect, the service was very good with one exception. we each ordered a side of mashed potatoes and the waiter should have told us that side was enough for people. after we finished our dinner and the plates were being cleared the waitress at the table next to us explained to those guests that the side dishes were plenty big for all to enjoy and that was too much for an individual. other than that great night. :amgreat nightcelebrated my birthday with european friends, very attentative server who did an excellent job, steaks were great, sides ok, desert excellent, good winelist. a little offputting was that our coats were brought to the table to make sure we leave. :amone if the best filet mignonone if the best filet mignon that i have had, staff was very attentive and knowledgable about the menu. :amservice was excellent, foodservice was excellent, food very good. they have a great small plates menu4 :amanother special evening at flemingsmy wife and i have a wonderful time saturday evening at flemings. i don't know why we don't think of it more...but after the meal and excellent service we had from nicole, it is now on our night out short list. valet parking - no stress paul de keyzer4 :amincredible placewent on a sat night so the kitchen was a little backed up an took a little longer than normal to get dinner. for that reason they were pushin us to get an appitizer but the bread and spread you get for free was delish. the new york strip is to die for great server and meal filet was amazing desert was to much to finish3 :amwhile visiting boston, i likedwhile visiting boston, i liked this place so much i went two nights in a row also, my wife said the creme brulee was the best she's ever had. :amdivine experiencei recently celebrated my birthday at flemings with other guests in my party. the food is divine, the atmosphere isn't stuffy and the staff was incredible. even the spread that came with the bread was amazing. can't wait to go back
__label__non_math	1.0000	the french quarter caf in canmore is a jazzy little bistro that's big on food inspired by the deep south. chef owner, michael raso loves cooking and is a regular visitor to new orleans. he can't get enough of the ambiance, the music and the special cajun and creole food that is associated with the big easy. he always comes back to canmore from these jaunts with fresh ideas, recipes and new menu options for his great little restaurant in the rockies. if you are looking for excellent food that is a bit out of the ordinary in these parts, try the french quarter cafe in canmore. while you're at it, say hello to the chef ...michael loves to talk about the food, the jazz, and his special spin on new orleans-inspired recipes.continued
__label__non_math	1.0000	located at the westin charlotte, we invite you to experience the warmth of ember grille terrace in the heart of uptown charlotte, nc. with our floor to ceiling windows, take in the views of the queen city while you replenish your taste buds with the spirits and cuisine from one of charlotte's most unique dining experiences. at ember grille, treat yourself to sensual food and attentive service in a warm, welcoming atmosphere. serving breakfast, lunch and dinner, your table is reserved to dine on our signature salads, entrees and desserts. - the restaurant writes... ignite your culinary desire at ember grille and terrace. open fire ovens and instinctive service create a sophisticated dining experience for you and your guests. surround yourself with delicious food and great company at one of uptown s most chic locations. - contact ava phillips at 888 331-
__label__math	0.5629	ristorante ti amo ti amo is and eagle vail gem the involtino di pollo was unbelievable and the ravioli pescatore was excellent as well. the ambiance inside is traditional italian and very charming. :
__label__non_math	0.9999	trellis in menlo parkwe absolutely love trellis in menlo park. the suzanne's downfall is a must have there is an outdoor rooftop dining area but i did not check it out. i will definitely return. :amthe food was excellent, butthe food was excellent, but thought that the portions were just a bit skimpy. had the cannelloni with apple pie ala mode for dessert - excellent and the dessert portion was adequate. :amthe food is always awesome.the food is always awesome. tonight the specials rocked and the service was exceptional. one of our favorite restaurants. :amhad a wonderful time at trellis.had a wonderful time at trellis. our waiter was a bit scattered but made up for it by not charging us for the dessert he forgot. the polenta appetizer was to die for. the flavor so good and and the polenta so creamy. the prices were very reasonable including the wine list. so enjoyed my veal scallopini with lemon caper sauce. all in all a very nice dining experience. will return. :
__label__non_math	0.8149	"i was born here but i'm not an american" understanding the u.s. history curriculum through the eyes of latino students the purpose of this investigation was to explore latino students perceptions of the us history curriculum at one high school in the eastern united states. the ultimate objective was to understand if the us history classes are serving the perceived needs of latino students. latinos are of our nation s minorities, are the youngest population group, and are the fastest growing. the social studies is the ideal curriculum area for challenging the dominant worldview and teaching about the diversity present in the classroom, the nation, and the world; therefore, learning more about socio-culturally inclusive social studies curriculum and pedagogy is an important consideration. this project is significant because it intersects with topics essential to the future of our nation: schools, the social studies curriculum, culturally and linguistically diverse cld students, and students perspectives. furthermore, the focus of this research overlaps with the reality of today s educational system: state content standards and high stakes testing. all of these aspects will be addressed. this study was influenced by latino critical theory. latcrit is an outgrowth of critical race theory hereafter known as crt . crt interrogates how research is traditionally done by forefronting race to demonstrate the depth of inequality that exists across society. latcrit builds on the five themes of crt while adding perspectives unique to latino experiences in the united states such as language acquisition, cultural background, gender, ethnicity, immigration status, and colonial experience. data were collected for six months at crawford high school name changed . the data sources included observation notes, interview transcripts from students, teachers, administrators, and a state board of education member, the researcher s journal, and document analysis of the state social studies standards and a practice version of the state graduation test. data were analyzed utilizing the lens of la frontera. la frontera underscores the displacement and transitionality of identities, pertinent to the lives of the studentparticipants. in addition, these theories, which manifest themselves as metaphorical tropes, compliment latcrit, the lens through which i view my research. the students made public what is already known: that the educational system must become more culturally inclusive of and responsive to cld students needs. however, this study revealed data patterns with student participants that have not been captured within one study. a major finding of this study was that the us history curriculum is or is not meeting student participants needs in different ways, based upon pertinent characteristics of the students. latino students responses were informed by the following critical factors: english speaking ability, recency of arrival in the united states, and level of integration into the power structures of the state where the research was completed. the level of integration was further influenced by students documentation status their legal status in the us , parents english speaking ability, and the english speaking ability of members in a student s residence and immediate neighborhood. students responses fell distinctly into three groups based upon these characteristics. the students in group one stressed the basic need to learn english. maslow described human motivation with maslow s hierarchy of needs. perhaps this is what students in group one were telling me their most basic needs had to be met before they would be ready to grow in american schools. group two student-participants wanted their culture to be present so that other students particularly white students would learn about them. group three students conformed to previous studies conducted with white students they wanted to learn in more interactive ways, working with groups, and being stimulated with flashy videos. students at crawford did not have an adequate framework around which to make sense of race, racism, and racial tensions. the presence of how race was talked about, and the absence of how race was not talked about, led to negative stereotypes against latinos based upon ethnicity, immigration status, and native language. furthermore, one teacher demonstrated a closed paradigm of ethnicity and skin color that silenced one of his students. the student-participants in all groups wanted to talk about race. they wanted to talk about their positive invisibility at crawford that is, the absence of affirmative constructions around their ethnicity, country of origin, and language. the findings suggest that there is a need for more studies with latino students that focus on the aspects of latino critical theory. this dissertation is dedicated to the students, my wonderful family, and my friends all over the world. school:the ohio state university school location:usa - ohio source type:master's thesis keywords:hispanic american high school students multicultural education critical theory discrimination in united states date of publication:
__label__non_math	1.0000	the iowa department of transportation expects the construction cones and barricades along an -mile stretch of interstate in mills county will be removed in the next week. the opening of the northbound lanes of i-last week eliminated a crossover and head-to-head traffic in the southbound lane west of glenwood. southbound traffic will be restricted to one lane until restriping is completed. what they re doing now is taking off the double-yellow stripe, idot district construction engineer george feazell said tuesday morning. we re removing the pavement striping we had for head-to-head traffic and getting it back to original condition. feazell said weather conditions will dictate the length of the restriping process in the southbound lanes. the removal of that double-yellow striping can be a lengthy process, he said. resurfacing of the interstate has been a two-year process and will carry over into next spring. feazell said some final work around bridges in the northbound lane and permanent grass seeding will be the final phase of the project.
__label__non_math	1.0000	- one cup of carrots has calories. - carrots are terrific for your child's skin and eyes because they're loaded with beta-carotene. - and they're great for keeping the pipes clean because they contain a good amount of insoluble fiber. - you can hide carrots in my recipes for italian meatloaf, brownies and cranberry sauce. published on
__label__non_math	0.9999	servings: makes servings to make topping: in a small mixing bowl, combine egg, corn syrup, light brown sugar, margarine and maple flavoring; mix well. stir in pecans and set aside. to make pie: preheat oven to 350 . in a large mixing bowl, beat warm sweet potatoes with margarine until smooth. add condensed milk, orange zest, vanilla, cinnamon, nutmeg, salt and eggs; mix well. pour into pastry shell. bake minutes. remove from oven; spoon topping evenly over pie. bake to minutes longer, or until golden brown. cool. serve warm or chilled. to make cinnamon cream: in a medium-size bowl over ice, whisk heavy cream. add cinnamon and sugar, and whisk to medium-stiff peaks. serve alongside pie. from the november issue of o, the oprah magazine we hear you
__label__non_math	1.0000	according to dan buettner, only percent of how long we live is dictated by our genes, which means the other percent is directly determined by our lifestyle. dr. oz talks with dan, author of the blue zones: lessons for living longer from the people who've lived the longest, about secrets of the longest-lived cultures in the world. while traveling the globe to explore and determine the most successful strategies for longevity, dan discovered the blue zones, areas in the world where people live longer, fuller lives. "i think the average american, by adopting an optimal lifestyle, could get an extra decade out of their life by making small, subtle behavioral changes and setting up your environment so it's easy to do that," dan says. dan shares the core practices of people who live the longest: move naturally. think about walking, gardening and playing with your kids to ensure daily activity. "set up your environment so you are always bumping into the opportunity to move around ," dan says. focus on having the right outlook. know your sense of purpose, and schedule in times when you can downshift. forget diets. diets rarely work after six months, dan says. instead, he says the key to staying slim and living longer is eating wisely. he recommends a plant-based diet that minimizes not eliminates meat, eating fewer calories and consuming a glass or two of wine per day. connect the right way. investing in your family is huge, dan says. "in all blue zones in the world, people put their loved ones first, and we think that is associated with more good years of life." reconnect with religion. people who go to church live two to three years longer than people who don't, dan says. create your own culture of longevity. pick out friends who have healthy lifestyles and put more energy into those friendships.
__label__non_math	0.9980	i was very lucky because the family i lived with had the means to open many doors in their country, giving me the best possible exposure and experiences. my norwegian father was a doctor, who was quite successful. his wife often took my norwegian sister and me into oslo to shop and sightsee. she actually knitted a beautiful norwegian sweater and hat for me as wonderful souvenirs. she took me into oslo to pick out the pewter buttons she later sewed on. i adored the sweater and hat so much that i still have them. on weekends, we spent time at their home on a small island in the southern part of norway, where dusk settles somewhere around o' clock in the morning. those long days of sunshine allowed for lots of outdoor living. we often took boat rides, walked around the island, picked bluebells and put them in a flower press, and enjoyed all the beauty this wonderful place had to offer. toward the end of my stay, i reconnected with the other kids from our program and our teachers so we could all spend a couple of weeks traveling around europe together. we toured norway for a few more days before taking a ferry from oslo to copenhagen. most of us were running very low on money, so we decided to pool our funds and voted between staying in the sleeping quarters on board the ship or eating. it was unanimous. we would eat. it was a relatively easy decision for a few of us, especially one of the girls from kansas and me, who were petite and could pretty much curl up and sleep anywhere. in fact, she and i spotted a luggage rack above some of the seats on the boat that we figured we could easily squeeze into. we removed the bags that had been stored there and climbed in. unfortunately, the sea got very rough that night and we got thrown right out onto the floor of the boat. this was my first experience with seasickness one i will never forget. everybody on board was so sick. if you weren't holding your head over the rail, you were holding on for dear life. when we got to copenhagen, we spent a week touring and seeing all of the sites before leaving for a week in paris and then returning to the united states. when i arrived in new york, i remember sitting with my parents so i could tell them all about my wonderful experiences overseas. i shared how much i enjoyed exploring my scandinavian heritage and how appreciative i was for the opportunity to live abroad. the cuban missile crisis was fresh in my mind, as it had been less than a year since that threat was posed to our nation. as a young adult, i was well aware of those tense days. after spending three months out of the country, i told my parents i thought every teenager should have the opportunity to be an exchange student. if they did, i believed it would have a big impact on the younger generation's global outlook, and could result in less war. i was living in an era where war was happening all around us. although i was just a little girl during the korean war, i was old enough to be aware of castro coming into power in cuba and of the bay of pigs invasion. and i realized that we were still living in uncertain times. i followed current events closely and with great interest. i was too young to become an activist, but i wanted my parents to know that i was aware of what was happening. like most parents, my mother and father did their best to shield me from the horrors of the world, but we were living in a time when they were hard to ignore. and to be frank, i didn't want to put my head in the sand. i was sitting in french class on , when i heard the news. a friend of mine went running past the open door to my classroom. this was a girl who was usually very upbeat and funny, but she had just heard that john f. kennedy had been shot, and was running down the hallways of our school screaming to let everyone know. we weren't sure if we should take her message seriously at first though. it only took a split second to realize that no one would say something so horrible in jest. everything came to a stop. how could the president have been shot? i had never experienced anything like this before. i didn't know what to do. i, along with the rest of our class, was in a state of shock. there was a great heaviness throughout the school for the rest of the day, week, and for many months to come. our country was crying. every one of us was in tears. i'll never forget we were supposed to put on a school play that weekend. of course, we were taught that the show must go on. although it seemed wrong on so many levels, my drama teacher reminded us that it was the first rule of the theater, so we all got into our costumes and were standing backstage when the school decided this was one time the show would not go on.
__label__non_math	1.0000	growing up an only child, carolyn and her mother were inseparable. throughout high school, carolyn was a star athlete in basketball and track. in college, carolyn studied to become a drug and alcohol counselor. there she dreamed of getting married and starting a family of her own. when carolyn met terrence kelly, she thought she found the man of her dreams. soon they moved in together. "in the beginning," carolyn says, "the relationship was like any relationship. we got along real good." but after just a few months, terrence began to show a much darker side. "he got very jealous," carolyn says. "i wasn't allowed to wear things that showed off my figure. i was only able to associate with my immediate family. i wasn't allowed to talk to my male cousins because he didn't believe they were my cousins. he was verbally abusive." then the emotional abuse turned violent. "i remember getting beat up for dyeing my hair," carolyn says. "he didn't think that that was ladylike." despite constant abuse, carolyn stayed in the relationship for eight years. "i was in love," she says, "and i thought that he was going to change...and that i could change him."
__label__non_math	1.0000	my dog, brinkley a -year-old cavalier king charles spaniel dog , is my baby who i treat just like a little child if i had a baby child, i'd dress her him up for halloween. so my baby dog, brinkley, gets to dress up too for halloween we also take brinkley to petsmart each year they have a halloween costume get together, and they give awards for the "best, cutest, etc." costumes. we get our dog's picture taken with a nice halloween background there. the kids parents also love seeing my dog and me dressed up when we give out candy each year. ... as his mom, i dress up each year with him so we both get to enjoy halloween in costumes together. laurie; mount laurel, new jersey
__label__non_math	1.0000	photo: jupiterimages corporation if you want to be better in bed, you need to do your homework sit across from your partner, face-to-face. put your right hand on your partner's heart and stare into each other's eyes. as you feel and absorb each other's heartbeats, synchronize your breathing and really tune in to each other. quiet your minds and sink into a deep connection with your partner. soul gazing is a great way to get yourselves on the same page. and it's a fantastic preamble to sex view all the homework assignments published on most popular today
__label__non_math	0.9974	super soul sunday sundays at a.m. et pt where do you go to find breathing space? every sunday on "super soul sunday" you see a place of peace. show us yours
__label__math	0.9933	while there are vital differences between options trading and trading in stocks, forex or futures, there are also some similarities. one of them is that you should not simply enter an options trade without even a cursory glance at the price chart for the underlying asset. timing your entry using price charts can prevent costly mistakes. the type of options trade and when you should enter it, for example, differ sharply between range-bound and trending markets. a range-bound market is one where the price of the underlying asset moves up and down over time with a clearly defined upper and lower limit. at the time of writing the gold price is range-bound, but over time most trading assets will spend quite a significant percentage of their time trading in certain ranges. fig. . a below is what the price chart for a typical range-bound market would look like. in a scenario like this point a, where the market has reached its top and has started turning around, would be ideal for one of the following options strategies: a sell naked call options with a strike price above the top turning point of the range and an expiration date timed to coincide with the price reaching the bottom of the trading range. these will then expire worthless and the trader will keep the full premium of b buy atm put options with the same expiration date as in a above. as long as the price movement between the top and the bottom of the range is sufficient to cover the cost of the options and more, the trader will make a profit at expiration. at point b, the market has reached the bottom of the range and is starting to turn upwards. this is when the trader should enter into one of the following positions: a buy atm call options. once again the expected price movement should be sufficient to cover the cost of the option in order to break even and start generating a profit. b sell naked put options with a strike price below the bottom of the range and an expiration date timed to coincide with the market reaching the top of the range. these will expire worthless, providing the trader with a profit equal to the premium on the put fig. . b shows a typical trending market. at point a in this chart the price has gone through a correction and started moving upwards again. at this point the options trader s strategy would be directly opposite to the explanation at point a under range bound markets above. this is crucial to understand; the wrong decision here would result in one losing trade after the other. point a in a trending market is where strategies such as the following are recommended: a buy call options, either atm or otm if it is fairly certain the option would exceed the otm strike price by the expiration date b sell naked put options. the strike price should be below the previous support level to make sure the market doesn t surprise the trader with a sudden whip-saw .
__label__non_math	0.9919	search for flights jacksonville to shenzhen flights jacksonville airport information jacksonville international airport is the only commercial passenger facility located in jacksonville, florida. this airport is served by two concourses, a and c. the airport is located approximately miles north of the downtown area. orbitz.com offers cheap flights from jacksonville. jacksonville airport is served by most major airline carriers, including american airlines, delta, jetblue, southwest airlines, and united airlines. orbitz.com books bargain tickets with all airlines serving jacksonville international airport. parking at jacksonville international airport several parking options are available at this airport, including an hourly garage and a daily garage. the hourly garage rate is per day. there is also a daily surface lot offered at a rate of and . valet parking is available as well. all parking facilities at jacksonville international airport accept cash, checks, and major credit cards. always make certain to purchase your ticket from orbitz.com prior to arriving at the airport. transportation to jacksonville international airport jacksonville international airport can be accessed from the downtown area via taxi at a cost of about . the airport also operates a complimentary shuttle service between parking lots, which is available hours per day. you might consider renting a vehicle through orbitz.com prior to your jacksonville flight. restaurants at jacksonville international airport there are a number of restaurants offered at jacksonville international for the convenience of travelers. some of the more popular options include cinnabon for tasty breakfast pastries, starbucks for a coffee or latte, quiznos for sandwiches, and freshens for refreshing ice cream treats. enjoy your flight, and always remember to check orbitz.com for bargain tickets and cheap flights from jacksonville, florida. shenzhen airport information you will find budget flights to shenzhen using orbitz.com. located roughly miles from downtown shenzhen is shenzhen bao'an international airport. the airport is served by china south airlines, china eastern airlines, united eager airlines, air china and singapore tiger airways, amongst many others. it has a single runway and controls a 4e standard flight area. there are three terminal buildings, with terminal d serving international flights. shenzhen bao'an international airport serves flights to 100 destinations. transport from shenzhen airport you can get from the airport to the downtown area of shenzhen and nearby cities via shuttle buses and the subway. direct transport to hong kong and macau is also available via buses and ferries. there are airport shuttle lines operating between the airport and downtown shenzhen, charging between cny6 and cny35 depending on your destination. shenzhen weather information shenzhen has a humid subtropical climate with plenty of sunshine and rainfall all year through. the city experiences an average annual temperature of degrees fahrenheit. it has an annual average precipitation of inches. summer season stretches from june to early october. during this season, it is advisable to drink a lot of water and wear loose-fitting clothes. shenzhen's popular attractions if you love golfing, visit mission hills golf club, which is located .miles from the city center. shengzhen nanao tourism waterfront centre, happy valley of shenzhen, china folk culture village, xianhu botanical garden, hongfa temple and chinese folk culture village are just some of the popular sites that you should also visit. mid-october to december is the best time to visit, as the weather remains sunny and cool. orbitz.com is your ultimate planner for flights to shenzhen. cheap flights from jacksonville to shenzhen prices are for round-trip flights per adult taxes and fees included fare, taxes fees: fares include all taxes and fees, except baggage fees. rates shown reflect fares found by other orbitz users over the past hours. due to rapidly changing airline prices seat availability, these fares may no longer be available. refunds changes cancellations: itinerary changes, if permitted for the fare, will have a service fee charged by orbitz. additional airline charges may apply. other conditions: schedules, fares and rules are subject to change without notice. seats are limited and may not be available on all flights dates or in all markets. lower fares may be available. fares will not be honored retroactively or in exchange for any wholly partially unused ticket. tickets are non-transferable and non-refundable. fare rules are provided for the selected itinerary before booking. airports in jacksonville fl, us jacksonville airport jax distance from city center: .miles
__label__non_math	0.9979	to serve as a collaborative work group and advisory group to odot, its statewide partners and the construction industry and staff on implementation of the odot workforce development plan in region and on the services needed to accomplish the following objectives: achieve the workforce goals of public construction in the portland metro area. create a sustainable process which supplies a qualified, diverse pool of construction workers. leverage existing state and local resources. charter for region workforce alliance otia iii region project list adobe reader, or equivalent, is required to view pdf files. click the "get adobe reader" image to get a free download of the reader from adobe. are you sure you would like to leave? you are currently running an old version of ie, please upgrade for better performance.
__label__non_math	1.0000	these delightful children have strong and healthy siblings bonds. they need to be able to stay together and grow up as brothers and sisters. they are always looking out for one another and get along very well. gamaliel is a doting and attentive big brother. he is calm, sweet, smart and adores music. after some initial shyness, his interactive, playful and, sometimes silly self shines through. keiry is affectionate, friendly and chatty. outgoing, she loves to bask in the spotlight whenever she gets the chance. gardenia and selena are inseparable. these little ones always have beaming smiles. gardenia has been described as both loveable and serious. social selena is quite the conversational cutie. finally, as the youngest of all, darling salomon is happiest trailing after his big brother and sisters. a bilingual, two-parent family is critical as these children speak almost exclusively spanish. if you dream of having a large family and would not be too easily overwhelmed by five children coming into your lives simultaneously, please consider adopting this special group. if you would like more information, please contact angela dindia at firstname.lastname or 800-331-.
__label__non_math	0.9996	politics of place: in mid-willamette valley, a middle line amid clash of competing interests gervais -- brightly lit blue skies hang over bauman farms as a green tractor rolls over a barren, brown field, churning the earth. a cloud of dust chases after it. it's fall here, has been for a month. round bales of hay have been tipped on their sides and painted to look like jack-o'-lanterns. outside the big red barn, a couple of shoppers dig through a crate full of corn. inside, there are shelves of apple cider and gourds of all colors piled high. this farm has been in brian bauman's family for four generations. "i always knew this is where i would end up," bauman says, sitting at a table in the farmhouse. he has a home in salem now, but the farm is still his family's livelihood. so, when he fills out his ballot this fall, he'll be thinking a lot about what certain politicians have done to make his life easier. here's the catch, though. unlike eastern oregon, where working the land means you're more likely to vote republican, politics in the mid-willamette valley walk a middle line. themes that are central to the republican party -- lower taxes and fewer regulations -- matter to farmers and nursery owners like bauman. but so do things like immigration reform and land-use laws, where democrats are usually stronger. the mid-valley is a tangle of competing interests. grape and hop vines crawl across metal wires and wooden posts. berry farms stretch for acres. year-old trees and shrubs fill nurseries. and yet at that heart of all this green is salem, a city of state agencies and government employees. marion county has the highest agricultural sales of any county in oregon, but government is the county's largest employer, with more than ,000 people working in some federal, state or local agency. the mix gives voters a measured view. "our constituents are sophisticated," explains rep. vicki berger, a republican who has represented house district for nearly a decade. "they're not swayed by simple answers." and yet, even in a city like salem, agriculture can't be ignored. "in portland, they might not think of farmers -- in salem, we do." berger's district has changed over the years. when she first ran, it leaned slightly republican. redrawn, it leaned slightly democratic. these days, it's a -split. even so, she won her election with more than percent of the vote. she calls herself "an independent-thinking republican." this approach to politics is typical of folks elected to state government in this area. most win their elections handily, even though neither party holds dramatic registration edges. but as reliably moderate as this area has been, it's changing. the farms and nurseries that rely on the valley's soil also rely on immigrant labor. the oregon association of nurseries estimates about percent of the nursery workforce is latino. in , nearly percent of those living in marion county identified as hispanic. ten years ago, about percent did. while the change can be felt in the taquerias and mercados of downtown woodburn, it's yet to make much impact on local politics. latino leaders are looking to future generations to change that. give it time, they say. taking a walk through downtown salem is like taking a tour of state government. the streets are lined with state bureaucracies. government is the largest employer in marion county, but that doesn't mean folks here support just any government spending. "nobody wants to have an efficient government more than the people working in the government," says don loving, the public affairs director for oregon's chapter or the american federation of state, county and municipal employees, a government-employee union. the union has endorsed both republicans and democrats, he notes. there are also folks like gary steiner, a parking enforcement officer for the city of salem who is set to retire within a month. steiner is a member of afscme's small but growing conservative caucus. he has no patience for waste. "we don't believe in throwing excess dollars to programs, to those who don't deserve them," he says. but, he adds, "i'm not a tea partier. "we look at candidates that will shoot more toward the middle." david mckinnon's -acre nursery is a short drive outside of woodburn. a couple hundred varieties of trees, shrubs and grasses are laid out in a grid-like pattern across the property. workers wearing straw hats crouch in the fields, tending to the plants, while jets of water jump high into the blue sky and tumble back onto the green. there's a fresh smell, like just-cut grass. mckinnon is a loud man who likes to argue politics with his customers, especially if they'll argue back. he might not look the liberal ideal -- tousled hair, overalls, work boots and weathered hands -- but growing up during the vietnam war, owning a nursery and marrying a woman who worked in city government, well, it's made him about as liberal as any portlander. most of his employees are latino immigrants and most of their problems are his problems, he says. "my workers are my family." he and his wife, nancy, want the state to come up with a solution for driver's licenses and support federal legislation to allow young immigrants to work toward legal status through education or military service. at least two of the people working for them would qualify. this year, the mckinnons' nursery is ringed with campaign signs for rep. betty komp, a democrat who has represented house district for eight years. most in the mid-valley delegation have faced little opposition for re-election. not komp. her district leans democratic by about ,000 voters, but her races are typically closer. david mckinnon says he likes komp's opponent, kathy lecompte, a republican nursery owner, well enough. "but i don't think she would be good for my workers." even so, lecompte has the endorsement of the oregon association of nurseries, where she used to be president. executive director jeff stone says the association endorses based on issues, not parties. the issues that drive the discussion are water policy, state funding for natural-resource agencies and labor. this year, the association recommends democrats and republicans. "we tend to be extremely balanced," stone says. what's important for nurseries is important for the region. oregon is the second-largest nursery state in the nation, he says, and the land between eugene and gresham "is the best nursery ground in america." beyond the interstate corridor, cougars are more of an issue than immigration, says republican sen. fred girod. "they're eating our pets." call a town hall on the subject; folks'll turn out. like eastern oregon, eastern marion county elects more conservatives. girod won his race for senate district with more than percent of the vote. the area struggles with high unemployment and is largely natural-resource dependent. the near death of the timber industry has hit hard. historically, republicans have responded better to requests for fewer regulations and less government. "i don't run against democrats," girod says. "i run against portland and eugene. in the small town of lyons, just across the border in linn county, rob freres jr.'s family runs one of the last standing lumber mills in the area. from the front, it doesn't look like much, but take a few hundred steps and the sound of saws tearing into doug firs grows clearer. hundreds of trees are waiting to be run through the mill, unspooled and laid out as boards. everything smells like sawdust. freres is frustrated by federal regulations that keep him from forests. he's not happy with his tax bill, either. what he wants, what people here need, he says, are lawmakers who understand the rural condition. "you have to see these communities we're coming from. stagnant. having difficulties providing even basic services." still, as different as things are here, the changes that have taken hold to the west are slowly moving east. about 400 people work for freres now and about a third are latino, he says. a big portion of his workforce comes from towns along the north santiam highway, even from salem and keizer, places at the heart of the demographic shift. elida sifuentez is part of that shift. born in texas, she was when her father moved the family to a town outside of woodburn in the 1960s because he'd heard there was money in the fields up north. "we were migrant workers," she says as she sips a milkshake at the denny's just past the i-outlet mall that most associate with woodburn. she worked the fields with her brothers and sisters. these days, nearly percent of woodburn residents identify as hispanic. back then, you couldn't find that word in the u.s. census. "i've seen so much growth -- the mall, the hispanic population," sifuentez says. "woodburn is the melting pot." sifuentez served years on the woodburn city council -- something that seems to amuse her still. and yet, as much as the city has changed, as big as the latino community has grown here and throughout the mid-valley, sifuentez is still an exception. by and large, the community is not politically active. house district , which includes woodburn, has one of the state's highest latino populations but also the fewest registered voters of any district, just under ,000. komp, who represents woodburn, doesn't mention immigration on her campaign website and she was one of yes votes on instituting stricter state driver's license requirements in . "we make sure that we hit latino doors just as we do any other constituent," she says. her opponent, lecompte, mentions the issue on her website but hasn't gone out of her way to get latino support. immigration reform is more of a national issue, she says. the problem is "that our electoral power is very small," says ramon ramirez, president of pineros y campesinos del noroeste, a union that represents thousands of oregon farm, nursery and reforestation workers. "most of the people are immigrants; they're not citizens yet." latino rights groups are running registration drives, trying to mobilize those who are eligible to vote, ramirez says from his cramped and cluttered office in a retrofitted church in downtown woodburn. so far, about ,000 new voters have been registered in western oregon this year. ultimately, says sifuentez, it's a matter of time. now, much of the community's strength is in their role as economic drivers for the agricultural industry. in a decade, she says, it will come through voting. "i have a lot of faith in the youth," she says. "those are the people that are going to change things." -- ryan kost
__label__non_math	1.0000	404 not found we're sorry, the page you are looking for has either moved or no longer exists. please use the navigation bars to reach your desired destination, and update any bookmarks that are no longer valid. if you have any additional questions, please feel free to oregon lottery 500 airport road se, salem, or, po box salem, or, phone: 503-540- fax: 503-540- email: email
__label__non_math	0.9935	minty blend of essential oils for sinus congestion and asthma. how can you go wrong with chocolate and patchouli? medicinal blend of eucalyptus, peppermint, and tea tree with added jojoba beads for exfoliation. refreshing blend of patchouli, lemongrass, and sweet orange. a lovely powdery, exotic, luxury scented soap. warm tangy ginger with the tart of green apple reflects the personality of some of our favorite... rosemary, clary sage and other therapeutic essential oils are loaded into this soap to stimulate... a delightful, smooth yet crisp blend with a hint of floral. juniper is so refreshing. lavender oil is a timeless favorite
__label__non_math	0.9999	someone once said: sharing knowledge can seem like a burden to some but on the contrary, it is a reflection of teamwork and leadership. the nscaa, a leader in soccer coaching education, is teaming up with another leading state association to share coaching knowledge, as the oregon youth soccer association is now an official education partner. as such, the state s coaches will have access to nscaa courses, including levels through ,goalkeeper through , special topics and high school diplomas. the oysa will also periodically share via nscaa.com and other communication channels educational material specific to youth soccer in the region, such as the activity linked below. click picture to download our mission is to foster an environment promoting every aspect of the state s youth through soccer and one aspect is through coaching education, said chuck keers, oysa executive director. teaming up with the nscaa will provide our coaches access to great knowledge, which will make them better coaches and hopefully make for a better experience for players. ian barker, nscaa director of coaching education, added: the alliance between us and the oysa provides oregon s youth coaching a broader and consistent complement of educational options. maintaining the quality of this educational material and delivering it efficiently will be the priority of the two associations so that coaches receive the greatest value of their time and commitment.
__label__non_math	0.6621	php, while originally designed and built to run on unix, has had the ability since version to run on windows. that includes 9x, me, nt, and . in this article i'm going to go through the process of installing php on windows and explain what you should look out for. on windows, as on unix, you have two options for installing php: as a cgi or as an isapi module. the obvious benefit of the latter is speed. the downside is that this is still somewhat new and may not be as stable. but, before you do anything, you have to do some prep work, which is pretty simple. once you've downloaded and unzipped the windows binary version of php, you have to copy php4isapi.dll from the sapi directory to winnt system or windows system directories. you'll also probably want to move php.ini-dist from your installation directory to the windows directory and rename it to php.ini, if you plan on changing any of the precompiled defaults. now you're ready to go, regardless of whether you use php as a cgi or isapi module. for nt , you'll need to tell iis how to recognize php. thanks to the wonders of gui, this can easily be accomplished with a few mouse clicks. first, fire up the microsoft management console or internet service manager, depending on whether you're using nt or . click on the properties button of the web node you'll be working with. in this example we'll use default web server. click the isapi filters tab and then click add. use php as the name and in the path put the location of php4isapi.dll, which should be c: in this example. configuring iis to recognize php. under the home directory tab, click the configuration button, then click add for application mappings. use the same location of php4isapi.dll as you did with isap filters and use .php as the extension. here comes the caveat php4isapi.dll, which was in the install directory on my desktop. windows popped up a wonderfully annoying little box telling me i'm stupid and i should go dunk my head in the sand. ok, so it wasn't quite that wordy, but that's how i took it. apparently windows and iis require app mappings to be under the windows dir at least. so keep that in mind if you don't like sand up your nose. now, click ok on the properties dialog. the next thing to do is start and stop iis. this isn't the same as pushing the stop and start buttons on the management console. you should go to a command or cmd, as it were window and type net stop issadmin. wait for it to tell you what it's doing, as if you were nosy enough to care, and then type net start w3svc. why they didn't make it net start iisadmin is beyond me. but i'm a unix guy, and logic seems to be my downfall here. but i digress... so now you have php installed as an isapi module on windows c: and put a file called test.php in there. inside that file put the following code: then pull up test.php in your browser. if you see the php info page, it worked test.php as a web page in the browser using if you give the path for the file using file: , then you'll get a raw output of the code, which is no fun. the php info page indicates success. on windows 9x me, you're somewhat restricted to pws personal web server . of course there are alternatives such as omnihttpd, but we don't have all day here after you've moved php4ts.dll to the appropriate directories, you should open up your favorite registry editor. at this point i note the obligatory warnings about fooling around with the registry, blah, blah, blah... in hkeylocalmachine3svc map, you'll want to add an entry with the name of .php and a value of next, go start up the pws manager. for each of the directories that you want to make php aware, you have to right-click on that directory and check the executable box. now you're ready. perform the same test test.php as i described above, and have fun making all those asp cronies jealous at the the guru-like glow that surrounds you darrell brogdon is a web developer for sourceforge at va linux systems and has been using php since . read more php admin basics columns. discuss this article in the o'reilly network php forum. return to the php devcenter.
__label__non_math	0.9987	thing of the day vessels release their much anticipated second album release a second album of satisfying post rock epic-glitch and such, but is that good enough from one of the uk s brightest hopes? vessels helioscope cuckundoo not sure how many times we ve been back to this latest vessels album over the last few months, only to climb back up on to the big white fence over there and leave the task of writing a review until tomorrow. you see, we rather like vessels, they re a band we ve covered lots, their early demos, tracks on organ compilations, slots on organ bills, we kind of consider vessels one from our side, so we really wanted this new vessels album to live it up to all te expectation their promising early moves have heaped on their english shoulders. what we have here, almost from the start of this, the second album from the leeds-based five piece, is more of that glitch-epic post rock, that build up to a big climax then start off all quiet once more thing, all that sky-touching widescreen expansive stuff that so many have been doing for quite a few years now that slightly glitchy thing, the 65daysof-heard-it-all-one-too-many-times. wait, no, it's not quite that familiar - monoform s opening rhythms do immediately satisfy those who are anticipating something with a little bit more of a musical challenge. and further into helioscope, just when you think the opening hope has give way to the post-rock rule book and that it's going to be all very safe and a little predictable and oh come on, we want more than this, vessels throw in a curveball and hit you with something that, for once, you didn t see coming and this time they ve added a guest vocalist to a couple of the tracks. stuart warwick has a fine voice, though it has to be said this does rather take them sailing a little too close to the realms of radiohead. the vocals do bring them closer to the idea of composition and the mainstream notion of a rock song, and yes vessels with vocals is a brave move and the sound of a band challenging themselves but did it really have to be so radiohead? monoform did eventually give in to the quiet builds up to loud formula that ends in a crescendo and right now they re sounding all explosions in the sky once more as we head for yet another great big end of tune climax to yet another of the album s tunes - they are fine fine tunes, no doubt, it's just that the signposts tell us where we re going every time some days these fine fine vessels tunes are more than enough some days this is all very pleasantly enjoyable and yes, this is a good album. there are details that stop you and have you thinking yes, that s why we think so highly of vessels, that why we demand so much from them, they re not just another post rock band. there are moments where vessels do push themselves and conjure up some instrumental post-rock flavoured magic, something genuinely progressive and almost spine chilling, but then they go back to those formulae once more and another epic climax gives away to the quiet start of the next one, to more gentle glow and a touch of glitch, and those vocals just take them far far too close to radiohead. it just really isn t enough and as nice and pleasant and epic and widescreen as this all is, surely vessels are capable of far far more, surely most of these musical moves are little more than post rock clich s now? and there goes another bit that really satisfies and here comes some more heavy glitch and crunch and oh i don t know, on some days, yes, this will more than do. mostly though, we re left wanting more. vessels have been threatening far more than this for the last couple of years now, and no, this new album is not enough, they can t get away with these post-rock clich s, they could and should be past this point by now shouldn t they? you see, from most english bands this album would do, we d be politely positive and make noises about expansive post rock and leave it at that. i mean, as the movement that is post rock goes this is really very very good, vessels have made a more than decent post rock album, it is worthy of being a thing of the day here, and it probably is greedy to expect anything more isn t it? hang on though, that closing track spun infinite proves they re capable of casting it all off and delivering so so much more, spun infinite tells us there may just be a whole lot more next time around, this is a good album, this will do for now, but somewhere there s a truly great vessels album lurking, waiting to be made. helioscope came out on march 21st
__label__non_math	0.9999	take to the sicilian hills the countryside and pretty villages surrounding taormina are easily accessed either on four wheels or, close up, on two feet. every visitor to taormina should head to mount etna, at ,323m ,900ft europe's highest volcano and a spectacular backdrop to the town. tours are easily arranged in taormina - including hikes through the hills guided by local experts or in off-road vehicles. but why not make a delightful journey under your own steam by road from linguaglossa to piano provenzana, high on the volcano's northern flanks, or ride the circumetnea, a charming, old-fashioned railway that almost circles the volcano's pretty lower slopes from riposto, just south of taormina? meet the godfathersfollow in al pacino's footsteps: grand hotel timeo offers a special godfather tour. a short drive from taormina, off the tourist trail, leads to country bars and churches familiar from the movie. kick back and soak up the sicilian atmosphere. find out more far less visited than etna are the monti peloritani - the wild mountains that rear up along the coast north of the town. roads and villages here are few and far between, but these uplands provide a taste of the old sicily. start at the popular gola dell'alcantara, a dramatic gorge just west of taormina, then move on to savoca, famous as the setting for many of the sicily-set episodes of francis ford coppola's classic movie, the godfather. if you have more time, head for some of the other sleepy villages in the peloritani foothills, such as forza d'agr and casalvecchio siculo, or the still-wilder and more spectacular nebrodi mountains to the west, full of scenic roads, hiking opportunities, rare fauna such as eagles and vultures, and a glimpse of rural ways of life little-changed in centuries. and if you have the time to tackle the often slow, country roads, taormina puts you within striking distance of eastern sicily's many other highlights - the former greek colony of siracusa syracuse , for example, described by the roman philosopher cicero as "the most beautiful of them all" and still rich with antique remains. don't miss the glorious coronet of baroque towns ragusa, noto, modica, scicli in the iblei hills or the wonderful hill town of enna and the extraordinary roman mosaics at the villa imperiale near piazza armerina. or it may be, of course, that you save these sights for another visit, and simply luxuriate in the joys of taormina for a little longer; another long lunch at the villa sant'andrea, perhaps, or a romantic sunset cocktail at grand hotel timeo's literary terrace. or how about another stroll down sleepy, sunny streets garlanded with bougainvillea. that's the problem with taormina in a town this beautiful, why would you want to leave? by tim jepson, author of 'the national geographic traveler, sicily' guide.
__label__non_math	0.9422	"he lives good purchase for mailing good item to send in an easter card. very simple and no mess craft this is a quick and easy craft that almost any child can handle. smaller than expected i agree with the last review i thought they would be a little larger but nice detail not what i expected smaller than i expected. one thing i wish oriental trading would do is put dimensions on the products like this. the product is very attractive but smaller than looked on the page. cross in about inches tall and the stickers are maybe inches square. while i would recomed the product just be aware of how small it is.
__label__non_math	0.9978	nba dallas mavericks mylar balloon. searching for a way to lift your team spirit? there s nothing like this nba dallas mavericks mylar balloon to lift your spirit as high as the sky nba properties inc.
__label__math	0.7848	penguin party table cover got two of them for a party. i was quite surprised by the quality of them. unlike thin cheep plastic table cloths then end up ripping and being thrown away. theses are sturdy, and if they are clean and not ripped after using. you could re-use them if you wanted.
__label__non_math	0.9916	red curtain backdrop banner great for kids classroom. purchased this for a preschool class where we placed movie posters in the middle of the curtain for the kids movie theater play area. was a great solution for that idea. were going to go with actual fabric but this was so much better. popular backdrop for photo booth we used this backdrop for the photo booth at the dance. although it didn't touch the floor and was made of plastic, it looked great in the pictures. must tape together the two seams used as carnival backdrop for prop pictures it was great looks better online this product consists of two pieces of plastic with the image of a curtain. i recommending taping the ends to give it some more of a laminated feel. i put it up with push pins and it tore. its really thin and poor quality. but for a kids party it is ok. easy to assemble; easy to dispose great for photo opportunity i wish it was wider. it works well for -people. more than that doesnt work width wise. not worth buying this is made out of the thinnest plastic--very similar to the type of plastic used in the cheapest of cheap disposable plastic table clothes. it comes folded in a package about " by " and when the product is removed, it has creases throughout. it was difficult to work with, the creases did not come out, and we even tried hanging it for a day in a hot room in hopes they wouldn't be so obvious. this is not worth buying unless you are okay with having numerous vertical and horizontal lines throughout the backdrop. also, it is definitely a one-time use product because it is very thin. not good for photo back drop puchased to use for church function. disappointed when received. can't use because of "flash bounce" on the plastic. and then there's the folds that show up as well. would not recommend to use for this purpose. called customer service - they took care of me right away. i give them an a i did a carnival for my sons 1st bday and this was perfect. i had all the guest take pictures with my son and i took digital photos flash off . the next day i had them printed and put on a carnival circus cardboard frame also purchased from otc and sent it as thank you cards. remember to take the flash off otherwise you can tell its plastic. bought this for a comedy show we were putting on. what you you in the picture is what you get. the plastic is sturdy enough that it can be used several times.
__label__non_math	0.9723	spiderweb splat game spiderweb splat game my mom bought this for my halloween party and it was really fun and the flies were very sticky. we enjoyed the game very much. i bought this game for my youngest daughter's class halloween party and it was a big hit. we took it outside when the party was over and the kids hung it on the outside wall and played with the students from other classes and age groups. it was great entertainment. thank you oriental bought for year old's preschool party. could not even use because the spiders are way too sticky and wouldn't even come out of my hands let alone a year olds. scrunch and splat i definitely liked the artistry of the web. and the activity was hysterically funny. i just know that more sticky spiders are needed, because they can't help but get dirty and unsticky. so maybe three additional spider packets would be great, even if slight price increase. you get what you pay for in theory this is a great concept, unfortunately the material of the flies makes them stick to you and not where it needs to go, they also get really dirty, really quick and when dealing with kids parents yup it was the parents and not the kids that had a problem with the flies , the game didn't last but the kids had fun. the paper playing mat is thin paper that shipped half folded and makes it difficult to tape to the wall because it kept curling, for the price though it is what i expected. you get what you pay for just don't expect it to last past one use event .
__label__non_math	0.9987	warranties may be the most misunderstood part of mattress shopping and are of little help in judging mattress quality. although most national brand manufacturers offer warranties ranging from years on their promotional products to years on their premium products, some mattresses come with warranties ranging from years to a lifetime. this, however, does not mean that the mattress will actually last that long, because warranties only cover defects in materials and workmanship, not the gradual loss of comfort or support. in addition, please be aware that some warranties are also prorated, which means that as your mattress ages, you receive proportionately less credit towards a new mattress. a non-prorated warranty, on the other hand, will cover of the labor and material cost to repair or replace a defective mattress or box spring. you should also be aware that valid warranty claims are a very small percentage of sales. structural damage such as loose, broken or protruding coils and wire are rare under normal usage. over time, mattresses will wear out or your comfort preference may change, but these are not warranty defects. so, when shopping for a mattress, you should focus on finding one with the best support and most comfortable padding at a price that you can afford, not on the length of the manufacturer s warranty.
__label__non_math	1.0000	original penguin sale what s better than finding the perfect fit? finding it on sale. shop original penguin s sale selection of men, women and kids clothing, plus shoes and accessories. finding a great shirt or the perfect jeans is one of life s finer little pleasures. like finding cheese doodles under the couch cushion, only without repercussions to your health. or, better still: finding money in your pocket. original penguin knows how nice that feels. that s why we re putting money back in your pocket with our sale section. browse a large selection of items for men, women and kids, not to mention accessories, all at reduced prices, offering you spectacular savings and keeping more cheddar for your pocket. hey, you can use it to spring for fresh cheese-flavored snacks
__label__non_math	1.0000	darrius heyward-bey of the oakland raiders goes up but can't make the catch in the endzone over leonard johnson of the tampa bay buccaneers during the fourth quarter of their nfl football game at o.co coliseum on in oakland, california. the buccaneers won the game -. all comments are filtered for vulgar language, for web addresses and for e-mail addresses. those will cause comments to generate an error message or not to post. registration on orlandosentinel.com is required to comment. the sentinel makes no guarantee of comments' factual accuracy. readers may report inappropriate comments by clicking the report abuse link. here are the full legal terms you agree to by posting a comment.
__label__non_math	0.9979	i started reading "waiter rant" a blog by a man who works in a bistro in new york city. some of his entries are funny. some are sad or make me want to cringe with the rude, or clueless or self-centered behaviour of some of the patrons. i'll neve eat at a restaurant again and not be aware of what waiters and waitresses have to go through... and to tip them a good percent. the language is sometimes a bit loose, with the common letter words, but "waiter" has some very good things to say. "waiter" was once an rc seminarian about years ago. the entry for this past tuesday "nunc dimittis" starts with priests coming in for a meal and then goes to a meditation on an occurance that led to waiter not continuing in the priesthood. not a scandal like in the papers, but a serious thing. again, i must warn you, that waiter uses profanity sometimes. but the entry is one that i think more people should read. scroll down to tuesday and "nunc dimittis"
__label__non_math	0.9891	a pleasant guided tour along a very easy route makes it possible to get to know orvieto s underground world, created by its ancient inhabitants over about years of uninterrupted digging. an hour-long tour on a discovery of a millenary, surprising and unexpected underground city . orvieto, a millenary city suspended almost by magic between heaven and earth, has revealed another of those aspects that make it unique and extraordinary: a labyrinth of grottoes is hidden in the silent darkness of the rupe rock . the distinctive geological nature of the mass of stone on which it stands allowed its inhabitants to dig, in the course of about years, an incredible number of cavities extending, overlapping and intersecting beneath the modern structure of the city. they make up a precious repository of historical and archaeological information, only recently studied systematically and scientifically. if the superficial aspect of the city has changed with the passing of time, the hypogean structures that were functional to it have remained, mostly, intact. the guided tour of orvieto underground is therefore, the most suitable tool for coming into contact with this new, very unusual cultural aspect of a city extremely wealthy in history and artistic jewels . step after step mysterious and fascinating echoes tell of etruscan velzna, while phantoms of the medieval and renaissance city appear out of the damp shadows. wherever the winding underground route runs parallel to the rupe, from panoramic openings, daylight contends with the darkness for an apparently endless series of tunnels, stairs, unexpected passageways, overlapping rooms on whose walls you can read, in thousands of small quadrangular niches, the ancient adventure of the birth of this underground city .
__label__non_math	0.9806	reach more fish. improvements in the coating of the industry's best-selling line make it slicker than older-generation wonderlines and slicker than the competition. with less friction between line and rod guides, your cast will travel farther and your tippet will be better protected. you'll get more distance from the same casting motion and have to false cast and double haul less. better presentation and mends. a new, higher-floating tip material and micro-balloons surrounding the line's core increase floatability for easier mending and quieter pickup. superslick coating resists line coiling that can ruin important casts. improves rod performance. perfected tapers are designed to maximize the efficiency of ultra modern graphite rods like the helios. casts better longer. wonderline generation 's coating is designed and produced exclusively by orvis. a postproduction manufacturing process, performed at our factory in manchester, vermont, embeds the superslick coating deeply into every line for resistance to dirt and grime. just an occasional soap-and-water bath will ensure that your line will last for years.
__label__non_math	0.9909	the second question: the mandukya upanishad says above all, it should be known. and jesus also says: seek ye first the kingdom of god. then how did the christian church right down to mother teresa change its meaning to: serve ye first the suffering humanity and the kingdom of god shall be yours? a german gentleman, mr. rheiner, while speaking to me violently accused the rajneesh ashram of being a big money-making racket and said that it should care more for the poor and that it should serve the downtrodden. osho, how is it that even people from the affluent west continue to misunderstand you? i am not against money i am against money-mindedness to be against money is stupid. money is a beautiful means a means of exchange. without money there cannot be an evolved culture, society or civilization. just imagine that money has disappeared from the world. then all that is comfortable, all that is giving you convenience will disappear with it. people will be reduced to utter poverty. money has done a tremendous work; one has to appreciate it. hence i am not against money, but i am certainly against money-mindedness and people don t make the distinction. the whole human past has lived in confusion. renounce money-mindedness, but there is no need to renounce money. money has to be created, wealth has to be created. without wealth all science will disappear, all technology will disappear, all the great achievements of man will disappear. man will not be able to reach the moon, man will not be able to fly. without money life will become very dumb, just as without language all art, all literature, all poetry, all music will disappear. just as language helps you to exchange thoughts, to communicate, so money helps you to exchange things; it is also a form of communication. but money-minded people cling to money; they destroy its whole purpose. its purpose is to go on moving from one hand to another hand. that s why it is called currency : it has to remain like a current, moving. the more it moves the better, the richer the society becomes.
__label__non_math	0.9979	opa announces revised fit program shifting opportunities in ontario s renewable power landscape on , the ontario ministry of energy issued a ministerial directive to the ontario power authority opa to continue the renewable energy feed-in tariff fit and microfit programs, subject to a number of amendments that reflect the results of the fit program two-year review. on the same day, the opa posted draft fit program rules, form of contract, and standard definitions for stakeholder review and comment. the review and comment process ran until and the final versions of the documents were released on . this osler update highlights the thematic changes to the fit program that are reflected in the final versions of the revised fit .program documents1. new prioritization for future contract awards a new priority points system for fit applications will be implemented with points awarded for, among other items: projects with or more of their equity held by aboriginal communities, community co-ops, educational institutions or healthcare facilities; projects with a prescribed form of support resolution from the applicable municipalities or applicable aboriginal groups; projects located on sites controlled by educational or healthcare facilities; dispatchable projects i.e. those other than wind and solar ; and projects whose applications were submitted on or before partial points are provided for projects whose application was submitted on or after , but prior to the start of the two year review . also of note, projects with at least of their equity held by aboriginal or community co-ops will be prioritized over all other projects in the upcoming round of contract offers. if multiple projects other than those with at least of their equity held by aboriginal groups or community co-ops have the same number of prioritization points, their time stamp which will be retained from the original application submission if the project is eligible for resubmission under the new rules will be used as a tie-breaker. specified application periods rather than receiving applications and issuing contracts on an ongoing basis, the revised fit program will have specified, targeted application periods when applications for only certain types of projects will be solicited at the discretion of the opa. according to the ministerial directive, the first group of contracts to be awarded under the revised fit .will be limited to microfit and small fit projects primarily rooftop solar projects . upon the release of the final version of the revised fit rules, the opa announced that it will allocate up to 200 mw of capacity for small fit projects during the next round of fit contract offers. the opa expects to open the application window for small fit projects on and allow it to run until . following this, the opa intends to re-open the application window for large fit projects. however, there are still industry consultations ongoing regarding how another round of large fit projects will be administered and many details are still unavailable at this point. ground-mounted solar pv project proponents will have less flexibility in their choice of development sites as solar projects greater than kw are not permitted to be located on canada land inventory cli class , or lands, organic lands, or speciality crop areas, unless those lands qualify as exempt under the new fit rules. examples of exemptions to the cli class , , and soil restrictions include airport or aerodrome lands, closed landfills, federal military installation property, contaminated property, and cli class land owned by a municipality. additionally, ground-mounted solar pv projects will not be permitted on lands zoned to permit residential use or on properties abutting such lands, with limited exception. ground-mounted solar pv projects will also not be permitted on land zoned to permit commercial or industrial use if the project would constitute the principal use of that land. furthermore, projects other than waterpower projects must be located less than km from their proposed connection point. prices for wind, solar ground-mount and solar rooftop-generated power have been reduced significantly. the opa will undertake an annual consultation process to determine fit prices that will be applied to subsequent application windows. applicants who are not awarded a fit contract offer during a particular application window will be required to re-apply during a subsequent window and will likely be subject to new pricing. another notable point regarding price reductions, which is particularly relevant for rooftop solar pv projects, is that the opa will not aggregate the capacities of projects that were issued contracts in previous rounds in determining the applicable contract price for subsequent contract offers. several other notable developments have been addressed with the release of the final fit rules. this includes changes to the ministry of the environments renewable energy approval process aimed at streamlining the program for applicants, including the availability of self-assessment in some cases. the opa has also defined minimum land requirements for the various eligible technologies under the fit program. finally, the permitted construction period for rooftop solar has been reduced to months; however, the new fit rules permit the holder of a portfolio of projects namely, a single applicant who has during the same application window received over 15mw of contract capacity a construction period of months. these final rules and contract changes, together with the limited number of megawatts for renewable energy projects remaining in the government of ontario s target for renewable energy in its long-term energy plan and the limited available connection capacity, appear to signal the twilight of new large scale renewable energy development opportunities in ontario. with well over ,400 fit contracts issued under the original fit program excluding the microfit program , market participants are focusing on transactional opportunities for these previously contracted fit projects, many of which are quickly approaching the completion of their permitting and the commencement of construction. osler s in-depth experience in drafting the first version of the fit program documents for the opa prior to the launch of the fit program in , coupled with our extensive experience acting for fit project developers and other stakeholders in all aspects of renewable energy project development, finance and acquisition and disposition, uniquely positions us to provide clarity and counsel to stakeholders on the challenges and opportunities in ontario s ever-evolving renewable energy landscape. if you have any questions about these changes or other aspects of the fit or microfit programs, please contact jake sadikman, david hanick, elliot smith or micah vernon. this report is focused solely on the fit program and does not provide review on the microfit program.
__label__non_math	0.9336	sure, it might not be particularly useful or usable, but that doesn't mean it isn't totally cool. the screen is rather small, and i guess the mouse is being controlled by the five way pointer of the phone, but the phone itself is powerful enough to run windows .easily, and i'm sure windows wouldn't be too much trouble either. dosbox was used to emulate a 486-class processor. the use of this? well, fun, mostly, and a sense of "why not?". i'd love to be able to run windows .on my nokia e71; not because it would make any sense, but just because it's cool. with phones getting ever more powerful, there's enough spare cycles in there to dedicate to silly things like this. if anyone can read polish feel free to fill us in on the details.
__label__non_math	0.9681	dawne, a dental implant patient, asks: i have had two bone grafts, both of which have failed due to exposure of the graft material. i am young, healthy and a non-smoker, and there is therefore no obvious reason for these repeated failures. every dental implant specialist i have seen since the second failure has claimed that the synthetic material he used, tcp , really hasn t been used since the 1960s and that this is most likely the cause of my graft failures as the gum has been unable to close over the synthetic material and my body has not been able to form blood vessels through the synethetic material . i would be so grateful to recieve any feedback about the use of tcp, its track record etc.? any comments would be helpful, thank-you.
__label__non_math	1.0000	welcome to the wireclub tajikistan chat central tajikistan chat : are you from tajikistan? you are very welcome to join our weirdtown.com chat. tajikistan chat is the place where chatters from tajikistan ... enjoy chat on tajikchat.com enjoy tajik chat on fotoplenka.ru enjoy icq interest group on groups.icq.com enjoy tajikistan discussion on tajik.ru welcome to our chat enjoy chat on iatp.org.ua tajik language chat on chathona.tj free asian dating service for online singles with photo personals, chat, messaging, and reciprocal link exchange. tajikistan dating our site provides online dating service where people start personal relationships - love, romance, friendship and more. download the webcam messenger and also enjoy webcam chat video chat let's join to download audio video chat messenger take fun with chat download messenger join the world largest video chat community free let's join to the free video instant messenger and also downlaod eyeball latest version join free video and webcam community and donwnlaod free webcam software to start video chatting chat free download join free live streaming video
__label__non_math	1.0000	reply to comment on june , the multilingual worldwidescience.org beta was officially launched in helsinki, finland at the international council for scientific and technical information icsti annual conference. this new capability is the result of an international public-private partnership between the worldwidescience.org alliance and microsoft research, whose translations technology has been paired with the federated searching technology of deep web technologies. worldwidescience.org now provides the first-ever real-time searching and translation across globally-dispersed, multilingual scientific literature. multilingual worldwidescience.orgbeta allows users to conduct a single query of over scientific databases from around the world. results can then be translated into the user s preferred language. currently, nine languages are available chinese, english, french, german, japanese, korean, portuguese, spanish, and russian and more languages will be added in the coming months. with the pace of non-english scientific publishing continuing to grow, it is vitally important that english-speaking scientists gain access to non-english content. conversely, multilingual worldwidescience.orgbeta also benefits non-english-speaking users by enabling translations of english-language content. since its inception in , worldwidescience.org has grown from searching databases in countries to searching over databases in countries, covering more than 400 million pages of science. osti serves as the operating agent for worldwidescience.org, and as the product manager, i have been enormously honored to lead this project over the past three years. from the beginning, the goal behind worldwidescience.org has been to broaden access to the world s scientific information and to facilitate the scientific discovery process. with each new database that has been added to worldwidescience.org s searches, a new door of opportunity has been opened. the launch of multilingual worldwidescience.orgbeta represents a culmination of over a year s work, and has been particularly fulfilling on both a professional and personal level. i am grateful for the participation of microsoft research and deep web technologies, along with our worldwidescience alliance members, and i look forward to continued collaboration for many years to come. lorrie apple johnson, worldwidescience.org product manager
__label__non_math	0.9982	we know that family and friends are important to our students. therefore, we are not capping the number of guests a student can bring, but please be reasonable with the amount that are invited. seating is expected to be tight. guests are encouraged to come early if they want to be sure to have a seat. this is especially important for elderly guests. each year osu-cascades invites students to apply to speak at commencement. a committee then reviews the applications and selects one graduate to address his or her peers at the ceremony. students who are interested in applying should download the application here and submit it to the office of student life by may . questions? contact andrew davis at firstname.lastname questions about commencement? explore the links up top on the right, or send us an email.
__label__non_math	0.9995	a neighbor who s about my age recently was telling me, with some level of appreciation, about a video game in his collection. i m not squeamish, but the first time i played it i couldn t believe the amount of violence and blood. he offered to lend it to me but warned, this is definitely one that has to wait until your kids are in bed. as coincidence or fate would have it, the very question of violent video games and children was taken up last month by the u.s. supreme court. in brown v. entertainment merchants association, it struck down a california law that banned the sale or rental of violent video games to minors. violent video games, the court said, don t fall within any of the categories that are legally denied first amendment protection such as obscenity, incitement and fighting words. in his majority opinion, justice antonin scalia makes an interesting point in defense of violent fare served to children: certainly the books we give children to read or read to them when they are younger contain no shortage of gore. grimm s fairy tales, for example, are grim indeed, and he cites stories in which doves peck out eyes, children kill a captor by baking her in an oven and a wicked queen is made to dance in red hot slippers until she falls dead. that comparison holds no water for some critics of the decision, including denver archbishop charles j. chaput. in a commentary written for first things, the archbishop recalled the columbine school massacre and suggested it was just plain common sense that video games can simulate, and potentially stimulate, violence in a far more intensely immersive way than traditional media. in the words of former army officer and author of on killing, david grossman, the worst of these games are murder simulators. my point here is not that video games are bad, archbishop chaput said. my point is that when we too readily stretch an individual s right to free speech to include a corporation s right to sell violence to minors, we collude in poisoning our own future and tragedies like columbine are the indirect but brutally real proof of what i mean. that seems pretty reasonable. but some people aren t buying it and point to the available data: if it is so obvious that video games have deleterious effects on young people, one commenter wrote on the archbishop s article, there ought to be some halfway persuasive research to demonstrate what they are. also, someone is going to have to explain why, if common sense tells us that the violence of our music, our video games, our films and our television has to go somewhere, the rate of violent crime is at a -year low. as for me? the whole discussion redoubles my commitment to make sure i m aware of and regulate what my own children are exposed to.
__label__non_math	1.0000	school of business and school of education ceremony at a.m. college of liberal arts and sciences and the school of communication, media and the arts ceremony at p.m. admission by ticket, five allotted to each graduate. 312-. location: arena and convocation hall, campus center saturday, may , a.m. - p.m. first summer session begins tuesday, may , noon - noon location: oswego and vicinity thursday, june , noon - noon thursday, june , noon - noon the genius olympiad go summer esl program at suny oswego is a week intensive english program that follows the genius olympiad program. students who are not participating in genius olympiad are welcome to attend our go esl program. only students who are years of age or older can participate in our esl program. the program is designed to be both educational and fun students will live on the suny oswego college campus on the shores of lake ontario in upstate new york, attend classes appropriate to their english language level, and travel to exciting cities such as boston and new york city on designated weekends. click here for more detailed program information.
__label__non_math	1.0000	so this friend of mine sybil had that happen to her. she was all set to make some chocolate chip cookies and when it came time to stir in the chocolate chips, she discovered she was without. first of all, who doesn't have their mis en place before starting a recipe? how ridiculous not one to be caught with her pants down, our ingenious baker blogger decides to use her coveted dove chocolates in her cookie dough. she goes on to inform me that other people put snickers bars and reese's cups in their cookie dough so who am i to tell her that she can't use dove chocolates? at this point, i just kept my mouth shut and asked her if i could borrow some of those cookies to send with hubby for the co-irkers. always kind and giving, sybil agreed to share. i thanked her multiple times... that's just my personality. dove dark promises cookies makes about dozen sybil-sized cookies cup peanut butter stick unsalted butter, room temperature cup granulated sugar cup packed brown sugar tsp vanilla cup old fashioned oats cup all purpose flour tsp baking soda .oz package dove dark chocolate promises, each chocolate cut into fourths preheat oven to 375 degrees. in bowl of stand mixer, cream together the peanut butter, butter, granulated sugar and brown sugar. add eggs and vanilla and beat until combined. scrape down beaters and bowl. in separate bowl whisk together the oats, flour, salt and baking soda. add the dry ingredients to the mixer and beat well. stir in by hand the dove pieces. drop dough by tablespoonfuls onto cookie sheets. bake for -minutes. remove from oven and allow to cool on cookie sheets for a minute or two before removing to cooling rack to cool completely.
__label__non_math	0.9996	an unpredicted turn, around the age of , saw yotam come to london in to study cookery at the cordon bleu. prior to that, whilst still living in his native israel, he was pursuing a career in completely different spheres - academia and journalism. he started off as an assistant at the pastry department at the capital restaurant in knightsbridge which left a few mental blemishes but was, supposedly, a spirit building experience , and then moved on to become a pastry chef at the kensington place group of restaurants, headed by rowley leigh. his next stop was at the famous baker and spice shop in chelsea, where he eventually became the head pasty chef and gained some of his most valuable professional experience. yotam ottolenghi writes a weekly column the new vegetarian in the guardian weekend saturday magazine. together with sami he is the author of the ottolenghi cookbook, published by ebury press in .
__label__non_math	1.0000	in time for chanukah, orthodox union announces that december again will be ou fire safety month chanukah candles are beautiful but they also present a fire risk. in recognition that the observance of chanukah makes december a time in which jewish homes are particularly susceptible to unwanted blazes, the orthodox union today announced that december once again will be ou fire safety month. this year, the festival of chanukah will be celebrated from wednesday evening, december -wednesday, december . the initiative is the latest aspect of the ou s safe homes, safe shuls, safe schools program, and was instituted, according to frank buchweitz, ou national director of community services and special projects, because we want to protect our families. chanukah presents us with the opportunity to sensitize the community to dangers associated with use of fire in many of our observances. the ou has posted six fire prevention guides on its website, chanukah burn and scald prevention tips, which not only include candles, but the making of latkes as well; it advises women to be particularly careful of their sleeves and hair when lighting and blessing candles; torah tots play it safe for chanukah, which has a variety of safety tips, including keeping a lb. abs fire extinguisher near the kitchen, away from the stove; fire safety for jewish observances, which among other items advises that candles should be kept at least four feet away from curtains, draperies, blinds, kitchen cabinets and bedding; a link to the new york city fire department s fire safety information website; who by fire: helping burn victims and their families, with a special section for chanukah; and home safety ten hot tips to make your home a no burn zone, including developing an emergency evacuation plan. in addition, the ou has provided guidelines from rabbi hershel schachter, ou halachic decisor, on chanukah fire safety. in accordance with jewish law halachah rabbi schachter declared: if one is not going to be home while the chanukah candles are lit, it is better that they not be lit, but one can light later in the evening if they will be home. there should always be someone watching or near the candles. in terms of using an electric menorah, you shouldn t say a bracha blessing on it, although you are able to say a bracha on electric incandescent lights for shabbat and yom tov candles. when lighting in a hotel room, one should make sure he has half an hour to let the candles burn, and then blow them out when he has to leave.
__label__non_math	0.6919	dear mr atkinson i refer to your recent letter to the hon warren truss mp, minister for community services, concerning staff reductions at centrelink, and technology and its impact on the workforce. as many of the issues you raised in your letter are related to employment, your letter was referred to the hon peter reith mp, minister for employment, workplace relations and small business. the minister has asked me to reply on his behalf. in your letter, you claim that advances in technology lead to a reduction in the overall workforce and hence, a reduction in income and spending power. while the implementation of new technology may displace workers in the short term this is not necessarily the case over the longer term. new technology can lead to higher employment through the benefits of lower costs to business and greater efficiency in production. as profitability rises, so too does the demand for labour. there are also cases in which the development of new technology has opened up new areas of demand e.g in multimedia entertainment , hence creating greater employment opportunities. you propose that one solution to the displacement of workers by technology is to extend the dole to every citizen who is not in paid employment. however, this is likely to significantly reduce the incentive to work and place a larger burden on government expenditure on welfare, which would most likely be financed by higher taxation. if this increase in taxation and accompanying reduction in the incentive to work were to lead to a reduction in employment, there would be an even heavier taxation burden on those still in paid employment. this is likely to further reduce the incentive to work. limitless creation of money is highly likely to be inflationary. unless a country is in a very severe recession, excessive creation of money, for unproductive purposes, is also likely to be inflationary. contrary to the implication in your letter, the money supply is not dwindling rapidly but growing at least as quickly as the growth rate of nominal gross domestic product, thereby supporting economic growth. in the year to october , the m3 measure of the money supply grew by .per cent, while total credit grew at an even faster rate of .per cent over the same period. a government directly injecting money into circulation is only likely to recover a proportion of the additional money as tax, given that most effective marginal tax rates are substantially lower than 100 per cent and some of the additional expenditure would leak into imports. if the additional injection of money into circulation by the government were to raise the consumer price index cpi , the government would then have to spend more on allowances and other outlays that are linked to the cpi. however, the government does share your concerns about unemployment and has already implemented a number of measures aimed at reducing unemployment. these include the reforms to job assistance under the job network, industrial relations reform, and the introduction of schemes such as work for the dole and green corps. the government is also addressing unemployment through sound economic management that is producing sustained low inflation and interest rates, and steady economic growth. thank you for bringing your concerns to the attention of the government.
__label__non_math	0.9988	the italian poet, novelist and screenwriter tonino guerra, who has died aged , brought something of his own poetic world to the outstanding films he co-scripted with, among others, federico fellini, michelangelo antonioni and francesco rosi, but also many non-italian directors including theo angelopoulos and andrei tarkovsky. perhaps his most creative contribution was to fellini's colourful account of life in a small coastal town in the 1930s, amarcord , of which he was truly co-author, because the film reflected their common experiences growing up in romagna. the two were born in the region a couple of months apart fellini in rimini and guerra in santarcangelo, in the hills above the adriatic resort, the son of a street vendor father. guerra's own "amarcord" "i remember" in dialect is scattered over many books of poetry and short stories. he first started writing poetry in dialect when interned in a prison camp in germany, after being rounded up at the age of with other antifascists from santarcangelo. to pass the time he told his companions stories: when he came home in he found a publisher for a book of them, i scarabocc cockroaches, but also "scribblings" . he became a schoolteacher, moving to rome only when he was . he met elio petri, the future director of investigation of a citizen above suspicion , who was working as assistant to giuseppe de santis. petri and guerra were sent to the abruzzi mountains to find out about wolf-hunting. though they discovered that wolf hunters no longer existed, de santis went ahead anyway with the film, uomini e lupi men and wolves, , which gave guerra his first screenwriter credit. his friend fellini was preparing la dolce vita, but they were not yet destined to work together. guerra instead worked with antonioni on l'avventura . in the preface to his published screenplays, antonioni wrote about his scriptwriters on that film, guerra and elio bartolini. "tonino, who is closer to me, is a poet who writes in dialect; bartolini is a novelist. they are very different ... tonino and i have long and violent arguments ... and that makes him all the more helpful." guerra was to collaborate with antonioni on the screenplays of la notte the night, , l'eclisse eclipse, , il deserto rosso red desert, , blow-up and, later, the mystery of oberwald , identification of a woman and beyond the clouds . remarking on the criticisms often made of the dialogue in antonioni's films, guerra was to say: "they were only a comment on the images. in the end, the best lines we'd written would get lost." guerra also co-authored petri's first two films, both small jewels, l'assassino the assassin, , and i giorni contati counted days, . the decade also saw him working on the script of vittorio de sica's marriage italian style and the first of several films he co-scripted for rosi, c'era una volta more than a miracle, or cinderella italian style, , with sophia loren and omar sharif. they went on to include the mattei affair , lucky luciano and cadaveri eccellenti illustrious corpses, . it took till for guerra to work with fellini, on amarcord. the novel of the film was published under both their names, but was clearly penned by guerra, and in it one detects the writer's contribution on the level of reminiscence in mood and language. it was a unique occasion for director-scriptwriter empathy. they worked together again on and the ship sails on and ginger and fred . fellini wanted him to collaborate on city of women, but at that time, the late 1970s, tonino had fallen in love with lora, the russian woman who was to become his wife, and was commuting between rome and moscow. guerra's "russian period" thus began. he had first met tarkovsky at venice in , when the then young russian director shared the golden lion for his debut film, ivan's childhood. guerra invited him to come to italy, but only in was he allowed to travel abroad. for rai-tv they made a documentary travelling round italy, tempo di viaggio voyage in time , and this was the starting point for nostalgia , an italian-soviet co-production. tarkovsky depended much on guerra's collaboration as his italian guide, but the film's complexities, both in their positive and negative aspects, reflected the director's personal identity crisis as a prospective migr . with angelopoulos he found another director with whom he shared "ideas on life and art". again, there was great chemistry between them, the greek maintaining: "tonino has been my psychoanalyst for years." their first film together was voyage to cythera , followed by the beekeeper and, completing the "trilogy of silence", landscape in the mist , then the suspended step of the stork , the gaze of ulysses and eternity and a day . the story of the weeping meadow is told against the three decades of greek history up to the end of the civil war in , while the dust of time has willem dafoe as a greek-american film-maker exploring his family's story over half a century and several countries. the last of guerra's more than 100 credits was for everybody's fine , a remake set in the us of stanno tutti bene , about a sicilian father visiting his children on the mainland. in the late 1980s, guerra scripted films from two of his stories for directors from his part of italy, who made them there: gianfranco mingozzi, il frullo del passero the sparrow's fluttering , with philippe noiret; and ottavio fabbri, viaggio d'amore journey of love with omar sharif. around that time guerra retired to a romagnan village. for his 80th birthday, many of the directors he had worked with and a delegation of musicians and dancers from the bolshoi theatre gathered to fete him and lora, who survives him, along with their film composer son, andrea. tonino antonio guerra, screenwriter and novelist, born march ; died march burgess powers builds and designs web sites and applications for high availability
__label__non_math	0.9866	when i was growing up, my mom had the hide 'em in your heart videos and tapes, made by steve green: we watched them over and over. we knew every word. i especially associate the songs with traveling to texas every summer when i was about -years old. i remember that burgundy chrysler van, and steve green's voice just singing away i knew i wanted to get them for evy, and just hadn't gotten around to ordering them online they're now in dvd format . i was in lifeway the other day, and happened to see both of the dvds note: please excuse my appearance. i was still getting over the stomach flu it brought back such sweet memories, and i can't wait to help evy memorize scripture with these precious songs
__label__non_math	0.9994	i've spent the vast majority of my life living in massachusetts, and we new englanders are no strangers to snowstorms, but mother nature sure did have some tricks up her sleeve for us this halloween. seriously, man, it's october.... on saturday night, i wasn't that surprised to see big, fat flakes of snow drifting past my window because the weathermen had been warning us about it all week. what did surprise me, was that the snow stuck, and before i knew it, we had roughly a foot on the ground. then the lights began to flicker, and flicker some more...and then they finally went out...for hours. as i said, in these parts a foot of snow is usually not a huge deal. and why should a snowstorm in october be any different than a snowstorm in december, am i right? wrong you see, in october, there are still leaves on the trees. all that snow on all those leaves makes branches very heavy. there are broken and fallen trees everywhere we spent saturday and sunday night snuggling three abed little house on the prairie style. we went to bed when the sun went down, and we woke up when the sun rose in the sky. except for the fact that our little baby takes up most of the bed when she sleeps, it wasn't that bad. at least we were able to stay warm. thankfully, our power came back on monday night, but most of the area is still out. school has been cancelled the past two days. eric's off again tomorrow, and the jury is still out for my school. yup, we're going to be celebrating the fourth of july from my english classroom this year, folks. the worst part? halloween. got. cancelled some towns in the area merely postponed their halloween festivities for another week or two, but not our town. it's been completely cancelled. no trick-o-treating this year. epic sad face. we couldn't let madeline's costume go to waste, however. so yesterday, as we took refuge in a local mall, as all good americans should do, we dressed madeline up as winnie the pooh. not only is there snow on the ground, not only was trick-o-treating cancelled, but santa's workshop was set up at the mall already. don't get me wrong, i'm not against consumer-driven christmases. nothing says ho.ho.ho, hallelujah jesus like the sound of muzak christmas carols at the mall as i buy everything in sight, but that doesn't mean i want to give up halloween all together.... at least madeline isn't old enough to be disappointed. i felt bad for all the little kidlets running around the mall yesterday afternoon in their costumes knowing that there would be no real halloween festivities for them this year. on the bright side? we have a whole mess of candy to keep all to ourselves. yum.
__label__non_math	1.0000	author: takaya natsuki chapters: summary: in a small town in the countryside, close to the sea, a young high-school girl lived alone with her brother. when life seemed to her too painful and too sad, she contemplated the sky and was refreshed by looking at the stars. but one night in spring, she met a boy who sealed her destiny.... the series is about unrequited love.
__label__non_math	0.9990	all-natural handmade sandalwood soap if we can only nominate one of our handmade, all-natural body soap that is fast gaining popularity among our customers, then our sandalwood soap is sure to come up top in our list. in fact, it s no surprise why sandalwood soap is fast gaining popularity, especially among our singapore customers. we guess it s probably because of its natural anti-bacterial property that helps our customers relive their acne conditions after all, for long period of time, sandalwood oil has been used as antiseptic and antimicrobial even by healers in the past. due to the sandalwood s natural anti-bacteria property, it has made our handmade sandalwood soap one of the more preferred all-natural skin care products in helping people combat acne outbreaks. on top of that, many have found when they use our sandalwood natural soap regularly, it can help them greatly reduce the discomfort of acne irritation and the unsightly redness of it. while many may have turn to sandalwood soap for its anti-bacteria and antiseptic properties, those who suffer from dry skin conditions can also benefit from the regular use of the sandalwood soap as well -considering that sandalwood oil is well-known for its capability in moisturizing dry skin and eliminating blackheads too. and if you re guy who constantly experiences razor burns after shaving, the foams from our sandalwood soap can greatly aid you in preventing or reliving razor burns. thus, if you wish for an all-natural handmade soap that not only helps returns the suppleness and beauty back to your skin and also leave you with an musk, exotic scent after your bath, our sandalwood handmade soap selection is definitely what you re looking for. click on the add to cart button above to add the all-natural sandalwood soap to your collection today. all-natural, handmade sandalwood soap ingredients: palm oil, coconut oil, water, alkali naoh , sandalwood fragrant oil, sandalwood powder, saffron powder, clove powder, saffron flowers
__label__non_math	0.9967	oregon state board of higher education minutes of executive committee meeting room a, building chemeketa community college call to order a meeting of the state board of higher education executive committee was called to order by president vanluvanee at p.m. on roll call, the following executive committee members answered present: mr. jim lussier mr. tom imeson mr. jim willis mr. don vanluvanee ms. leslie lehmann arrived at p.m. other board members present: dr. geri richmond, ms. phyllis wustenberg, mr. tim young staff: bob bruce, shirley clark, joe cox via telephone , ben rawlins, lynda rose, lynda swanson, diane vines others: suad cox sou , silvia gonzalez-martinez, lesley hallick ohsu , charles lane sou-via telephone , dick pratt psu , elliot orreu, wendy robinson doj , rikki schoenthal psu , bruce shepard eou , mary kay tetreault psu-via telephone , gary tiedeman ifs , betty youngblood wou-via telephone approval of minutes mr. imeson moved and mr. willis seconded the motion to approve the , executive committee meeting minutes as submitted. the following voted in favor: directors imeson, lussier, willis, and vanluvanee. those voting no: none. ms. lehmann had not yet arrived. grievance-rikki schoenthal, psu ous director of legal services ben rawlins explained the interim process for examining grievances, pending revisions yet to be approved by the board. dr. lesley hallick, provost and vice president for academic affairs at ohsu, was selected by the board as its designee to review the case. dr. hallick highlighted her findings of the appeal, which was related to allegations of procedural error in an appeal process of a grievance filed by ms. schoenthal. this case, she explained, involved workplace issues between the grievant and her supervisor, and did not reflect on the ability to serve students by either. indicating that, while it appeared to be a very challenging and prolonged situation to which all parties worked diligently to resolve, dr. hallick found no evidence of wrongdoing by the university, and thereby recommended that the board uphold president bernstine's decision to deny the grievance submitted by ms. schoenthal a copy of dr. hallick's report is on file in the board's office . asking for clarification on what were two grievances ultimately distilled into one, mr. lussier confirmed the date the original grievance was filed. he also questioned if the appointment of a second peer hearing group provided reasonable due process in the case. dr. hallick responded in the affirmative. ms. lehmann asked if the decision by the faculty review committee was unanimous. while unsure about the exact vote, dr. hallick reported that overall comments were mixed, and the final decision was not in favor of ms. schoenthal. mr. lussier moved and mr. imeson seconded the decision to support the decision by president bernstine. the following voted in favor: directors imeson, lehmann, lussier, willis, and vanluvanee. those voting no: none. mr. vanluvanee extended his appreciation to dr. hallick for her work on researching the grievance and making recommendations based on her findings to the board. grievance-silvia gonzalez- martinez, sou dr. bruce shepard, provost and vice president for academic affairs at eou, was selected by the board as its designee to review the case, which related to a decision by the sou provost not to reappoint dr. gonzalez-martinez. dr. shepard highlighted his findings of the appeal filed by dr. gonzalez-martinez. he pointed out that the award of tenure is based on performance that is "sufficiently outstanding" to warrant what is often a lifetime commitment for a university. indicating that support for nonrenewal of the appointment to dr. gonzalez-martinez was unanimous at all levels of review, dr. shepard concluded that dr. gonzalez-martinez had not met her burden to overcome the president's decision, and thereby recommended that the board uphold president hopkins-powell's decision to deny the appeal a copy of dr. shepard's report is on file in the board's office . mr. lussier asked if the president's involvement in the case when she was provost was the only basis upon which the grievant indicated there was procedural error. dr. shepard indicated there were other issues cited as well. with respect to the appropriateness of the president being involved initially as the provost in the case, mr. imeson asked mr. rawlins if he agreed with provost shepard's assessment of the situation in his report. mr. rawlins indicated that, procedurally, dr. hopkins-powell acted appropriately. mr. imeson moved and ms. lehmann seconded the decision to support the decision by president hopkins-powell. the following voted in favor: directors imeson, lehmann, lussier, willis, and vanluvanee. those voting no: none. items from executive committee members ms. lehmann asked that the board consider at some point developing a policy for addressing the situation of interim presidents who become candidates for permanent president at an institution. she noted that many other institutions nationwide have such a policy in place. president vanluvanee said that he'd ask chancellor's office staff to examine the issue. the executive committee meeting adjourned at p.m. secretary of the board president of the board
__label__non_math	1.0000	by noah michelson craig ferguson boldly proclaimed lesbians are totally awesome out 100 favorite, adele, triumphed over lady antebellum, jazmine sullivan, the jonas brothers and duffy for the coveted best new artist award and gave a teary, heartfelt acceptance speech. unsurprisingly, the most compelling thing about the show was who didn t show. chris brown, who was nominated for two awards and was scheduled to perform, canceled his appearance because he was arrested and charged with a felony in connection with domestic violence in the hancock park area of la. his girlfriend, rihanna, who was also nominated and supposed to perform, also canceled at the last minute leading many to suspect she was the one beaten up by brown. and am i the only one who didn t know barack obama had won two grammys? -- harker jones previously the best bet for best picture
__label__non_math	1.0000	at penguin they don't mind being in the lead. they're leading the way with new and better products all the time for a generation of consumers that demand innovation, performance, and durability, without harming the environment. it's all part of the my generation shoe care philosophy - comfort for your feet, care for your shoes, concern for the earth. they want your feet to be happy. they've built their entire business around it. penguin uses the finest quality, highest-performing, longest-lasting materials to help your feet keep up with the activity of your life. everything penguin produces and distributes is also free of pvc polyvinyl chloride , one of the most hazardous forms of plastic on the planet. pvc poses serious human health and environmental risks during manufacture and disposal. penguin doesn't use pvc in their products or packaging. they use rpte for their clamshells and blisters. you work hard, you play hard. penguin helps your shoes meet the demands of your active lifestyle. penguin products are designed to make shoes last longer, look new longer, and feel better.
__label__non_math	1.0000	max was mentioned in the post re tights. older folk will remember this funny guy. as retired but still interested parks and cemeteries superintendent on a recent trip to i visited highgate cemetery in london - the burial place of many worthies. they have leaflet on the most famous burial plots. i visited max walls grave and that of karl marx. ontario is a vast adventure playground just waiting to be explored and experienced minimal lightweight footwear designed to enhance your outdoors experience become a fan of outdoorsmagic follow us on twitter sign up to our free newsletter meet partners in our forum other immediate media sites our ecommerce platform immediate media company ltd . this website is owned and published by immediate media company limited.
__label__non_math	0.9994	curvetures mary ann 707 love these shoes reviewer: jess from statesboro, georgia i did have to return the medium width for the narrow, but these are truly fabulous and so comfortable wears this shoe: anywhere anytime
__label__non_math	0.7389	spira wave walker goodbye sandals - hello spira reviewer: julyda from portland, oregon my feet are so deformed from arthritis, including crookedbig toes as well as hammertoes, that i have been unableto wear anything but sandals for many years. and in a wetclimate like oregon, that is not practical. i have triedso many shoes nobody believes it wears this shoe: i am still getting used to them, so just a few hours at a time .
__label__non_math	1.0000	president barack obama will go before a joint session of congress thursday night to unveil his ideas for creating jobs and boosting the nation s stagnant economy. president obama s american jobs act is estimated to cost at least billion. it is intended to help people who are looking for jobs, people trying to keep their jobs and businesses trying to create jobs. it might also affect whether obama keeps his job after next year's white house chief of staff william daley says the plan includes new ideas and can help relieve the country s economic pain, if lawmakers will approve it. he was interviewed by matt lauer on nbc television s these ideas, some of them, have been talked about," said daley. "but they are, as a package, as an act, if congress will act now, a way to help people. that is what the president is committed to do. daley said the plan would not require more government borrowing. he suggested that some of the money would come from more taxes on wealthier republicans, who hold a majority in the house of representatives and a sizeable minority in the senate, have rejected almost all of obama s previous economic initiatives. the top senate republican, minority leader mitch mcconnell, says the initiative will simply reintroduce the president s failed economic by any measure, including his own, the stimulus and the economic principles it was built on have been a failure," said mcconnell. "and that is the reason so many people are skeptical of the president s economic proposals. they do not work as advertised. but house of representatives speaker, republican john boehner says he will listen to the president s speech with an open mind. i am hopeful that after the president gives his speech, we will be able to sit down in a bipartisan way and find common ground that will help improve our economy and improve the job picture for the american people, he said. jobs act is said to include renewed financial help for long-term unemployed workers. other provisions reportedly include tax cuts for workers and employers as well as a tax break for businesses that hire obama is also expected to propose more spending to repair the nation's crumbling roads, bridges and schools. with about million americans unemployed and the u.s. economy barely growing, the president s approval ratings have sunk to the lowest point of his tenure. the number of jobless people seeking government financial assistance was slightly higher last week than the week before. the government said 414,000 people sought their first unemployment compensation, suggesting that hiring has stalled.
__label__non_math	0.9985	i've been contemplating my return to blogging. i have so much to write about, i don't know where i should start ... or should i just forget the last months and start the new year fresh? i have a need to purge the last months from my brain. i think if i could get it all recorded, i would feel much better about the chaos that has been my life lately. i really hate this feeling. so, here i sit ... it's now ... and i can't decide where to start writing. i've been reading blogs daily and commenting occasionally but i can't seem to start back to the habit of blogging. i've been giving serious thought to quitting ... there have been several of my blog friends who have done just that. one not only quit, but she took down her blog entirely and has vanished from the blog world. others say they are just taking a break. but mostly the bloggers who are quitting are doing so because of the time it takes away from their families ... if i went back over my blog roll i think the total number would be who have quit. i started reading blogs back in . a friend had told me about a community of moms online who were supporting each other and that there was a group of women with twins. after some investigation i found blogs. i can't tell you what a relief it was to find other mothers of multiples who were having the same issues that i was ... i wasn't crazy ... it was a freaking assload of work that no normal human could do. my new texas neighbors couldn't seem to understand why i didn't just jump right in to the moms groups and attend all the play dates ... all of them had one small child and their other was in preschool in the morning ... i had two year olds and a year old ... my day was filled with diapering kids, making meals, and doing laundry ... i was still dealing the lingering effects of ppd ... i couldn't imagine how i could squeeze in a play date. the final straw came one day when my neighbor told me how much work her one newborn was ... i asked her how she was dealing with her year old and she told me that she enrolled her in preschool ... days a week for hours a day but it was that final straw that had me checking out blogs ... i needed a reality check from other moms who were like me ... and i found many my friendships with all the fantastic bloggers who i've followed is something i've decided i want to continue ... and to do that i need to participate. i'll never be the prolific writer that some are ... i don't want to write a book. but i would dearly love to have a written history of all the craziness that we moms experience. i'm going to love reading back on all the things we did as a family once the kids are grown. the kids are growing so quickly i don't want to miss time with them by blogging ... but i do want to have this written history ... and i do want to do something for me that i know with certainty i will enjoy reading years from now. after years of marriage our first child was born ... months later came the twins. our lives went from -mph in a heartbeat. one year my oldest will start driving ... then the next year the twins. one year my oldest will graduate ... and the next year the twins ... and, our lives will go from - ... i'm hoping it will not be that abruptly but i'm fearing it will be ... hopefully we will be so old by then it will be welcomed ... but i doubt it ... my kids are , , and i'm already anticipating an empty nest ...yikes. any whooo ... i'm back to blogging. my goal is to do one post per week. i will end this by saying ... thanks again for all the support. we are in our new home that we are currently calling "the money pitt" ... or on a bad day "the arm pitt" . y'all may be interested to know that i'm still a moron ... it took me about a month to get the fact that i'm living amongst the women from the tv show "the real housewives of orange county". we, of course, live "outside the gates" of coto de caza ... but they leak out of the gates and we stumble upon the beautiful people shopping at vons in their limos. if i had balls, i'd whip out my phone, take some pics, and post them here. i was itching to do that the other day in starbucks ... but i love starbucks and i wanted to be able to return another day. i can't decide if i'm a slob who thinks it's fine to run to the grocery store in my paint splattered hair and face, ripped jeans, and no makeup or if "they" are ridiculous for going in their heels, face paint, coiffed hair, and limos. again ... if i had balls ... i'd ask their houseboy to put down the groceries and snap a photo of us side by side ... ya' know ... in the interest of blog fodder. okay ... i'm done ... y'all ... like totally awesome dude in case you don't get it ... that's a mix of ex-texan and californian : so ... yippee for me ... i'm still a blogger. mother's day - it just keeps getting better
__label__non_math	0.9954	very little was changed about the reality of this comic... or was it? it doesn't matter, joey softerworld is an uncouth vermin man and he is the reason people have to put up signs everywhere telling us please not to do things that should be considered universally unacceptible. if you invite joey softerworld into your home someone or something is going to get made-out with before the night is over. since that isn't necessarily a bad thing you can contact him on his website. the problem with making a comic-style journal is that it takes way longer to make than a words-only journal and honestly the things that go on in my life are either too horrifying or banal to be able to write down, and i'm far too hideous in actuality to constitute a perpetual video feed, which is why oc is sometimes either late or completely unavailable. it is for this reason wigu's last stand begins may . either it will succeed this time or not succeed, and in the event of unsuccessfulness i will move on to a completely different comical story. the tinkles haunt me in my dreams and must be given one more chance. the legend of joey softerworld tuesday, - very good comic websitescary go round multiverse diesel sweeties tcimh exploding dog dr mcninja the qc wondermark octopus pie patches dinosaur comics cat and girl dresden codak sam and fuzzy achewood gunnerkrigg court pfsc a softer world gunshow hark
__label__non_math	1.0000	i have something on my mind that i've been itching to get out. there's not really a place or time to just "work this into conversation", so i choose to use my blog as an outlet i've walked through the valley. my husband has had a severely broken leg. so badly so that the doctors thought he may lose his foot. he went through months of grueling physical therapy. and on top of it all ended up losing his job because he was a "safety hazard". he was injured at work doing a job he was told to do. they were already liable and didn't want him coming back and re injuring himself so they wouldn't allow him to come back saying he was physically unable to do the job and would be a safety hazard. he was out of work for a total of three years. i've walked through the valley. my daughter had back surgery at years old. at the worst of her pain she literally could not stand up straight and would tremble from head to toe from the pain. she would lay in bed at night and shake uncontrollably because the pain was so excruciating that she could not relax her body and sleep. this went on for months. no one wants to suspect a back problem for a year old, so a diagnosis was a long time coming. she still has bulging discs and arthritis in her back. she also has bursitis in her hip. she's and she works every single day with pain. in addition to the back surgery when she was she was hospitalized for a week because she was dizzy, throwing up, had constant debilitating headaches, and a near fatal sodium level. diagnosis siadh syndrome of inappropriate anti-diuretic hormone cause unknown. she is still treated for that and will most likely have it for the rest of her life. long term prognosis for someone her age with this is unknown because it is very rare for someone her age to have it. i have been through the valley but praise god we've come out on the other side. i'm not in the valley now and i will not apologize for that. i'm tired of having to feel like i have to hide that my children are not wayward, my marriage is not crumbling, my finances are currently good, i have a place to live, food to eat, clothes to wear and i will praise the lord for those things because he is the one who gave them to me somewhere along the way it has become a no-no to admit that god has been good to us and life is not all sour pickles being in the valley gives us appreciation for life that we may not have had if we hadn't been through some trials i am not saying we don't have bad days here, but over all i'm happy to wake up each morning and live my life. i'm happy that god has allowed me to be me
__label__non_math	0.9094	is a city in bonneville county, idaho, united states. as of the census the population of ammon was ,187, with an estimated population of ,065. having nearly doubled in size since , ammon is among the fastest-growing cities in idaho. it is part of the idaho falls, idaho metropolitan statistical area. according to the united states census bureau, the city has a total area of .square miles .km , all of it land.
__label__non_math	0.9985	as an ob gyn physician, i know intimately the dangers of preterm labor. i ve held in my arms the mother who lost her preemie daughter after her uterus inexplicably began contracting and spewed out her week old baby before she was fully cooked. i ve watched the preemies in the nursery get stuck with tubes in every orifice while incubators try to mimic the womb and ventilators push air into their undeveloped lungs. i ve seen the children, years later, get wheeled into my exam room after enduring countless surgeries to deal with the disabilities prematurity can cause. and i ve attended the pregnant women we imprison in the hospital for weeks on end as we try to prevent this deadly pregnancy complication. we don t know what causes preterm labor. if we did, we might be able to prevent it. it s still one of the great mysteries of obstetrics. while technological advances like gene therapy and transplant surgery revolutionize health care, we still don t understand the most basic things about how pregnancy works. in fact, at the university of chicago, there s an empty plaque, awaiting the name of the person who discovers what causes labor, so we can learn to prevent preterm birth. so far, we re still clueless. but we ve made progress in the past decade. when a new england journal of medicine article suggested that the hormone -hydroxyprogesterone -p would reduce the risk of preterm birth, ob gyns listened. however, this old drug, which used to be used to treat preterm birth, had fallen out of favor, and no manufacturers made it anymore. so practitioners got resourceful and started getting -p from compounding pharmacies, where it could be manufactured from scratch for about per dose. because the quality of compounding pharmacies vary, and because what drug a woman gets during pregnancy matters, docs were happy when the fda approved a new drug makena which would standardize -p and make it readily available at hospitals and pharmacies. the fda reviewed data of a study that showed that, among women with a prior preterm birth, women given makena in a subsequent pregnancy had a preterm birth rate of , compared to in the control group. good news, eh? you d think. so kv pharmaceutical, who won seven years worth of exclusive rights on this drug that has been around since the 1950s, then started firing off letters to compounding pharmacies, announcing that they could no longer make -p available to the public without facing possible legal action. which means that women at high risk of preterm birth must now buy makena, instead of relying upon their friendly neighborhood compounding pharmacist to make it up. so how much does the new old drug makena cost? per dose. yes, you heard me right. this per dose. that s about ,000 per at-risk pregnancy. and insurances get to decide individually whether or not they will cover it -- but even if they do, that ll mean big co-pays and deductibles. can i just say it like it is? bullshit. f you, big pharma. are you telling me that women who are at risk of preterm birth lower socio-economic women are at the highest risk will have to pony up grand if they want to prevent losing a pregnancy or raising a disabled child because insurance won t cover it? are you telling me our health care industry is so broken that, instead of making this ancient drug available at an affordable price and preventing preterm births, they d prefer to pay millions to care for that preemie in the nicu or treat that disabled child? why? why? why? why is this legal? according to the washington post, fda officials said that they had no idea how much the company planned to charge for the drug and were surprised by the cost but that the agency has no power over pricing. how did our health care industry become so broken that this kind of thing can happen? where is the heart in medicine these days? when did patient care start taking a backseat to the bottom line? no wonder patients and health care providers alike feel so frustrated, demoralized, and disempowered. something s gotta change. according to the same fda official, if requested, the agency could approve a lower-priced generic version of the drug for another use that doctors could prescribe 'off label.' the official also said that the agency would not prevent compounding pharmacies from continuing to provide -p unless patient safety is thought to be at risk. we have our hands full pursuing our enforcement priorities, the official said to the washington post. and it s not illegal for a physician to write a prescription for a compounded drug or for a patient to take a compounded drug. we certainly are concerned about access of patients to medication. so if you or anyone you know had a previous preterm baby, tell them to ask their doctor about prescribing -p. if the doctor thinks they are a good candidate for -p, suggest getting it from a compounding pharmacy, rather than supporting a big pharma company that s trying to screw us all. i still have my issues with big pharma, but i do understand that pharmaceutical industries pay big bucks to support research programs that help us all. i do understand that it s a business and that they need to make their money in the first seven years, while their drug is still under patent. i get that their business model supports innovation and the creation of drugs that move us forward, and that without them, we might lag in our pharmaceutical options. but this drug has been around forever. and it s a natural hormone. i mean seriously people what do you think of this? is your blood boiling like mine is? how did this happen? when did we lose the heart of medicine? speaking up on behalf of mothers and babies everywhere, ps: woah, check out this washington post article from this morning -- "fda to allow cheaper preterm baby drug". looks like the fda is stepping in -- but still, how do you feel about this whole controversy? i'm glad the fda is stepping up to the plate and laying off of compounding pharmacies, but still outraged that kv even tried something like this in our health care system.. on that note, i m hard at work on a manifesto about this very topic not so much big pharma, but reclaiming the heart of healing . so stay tuned lissa rankin, md: founder of owningpink.com, pink medicine woman coach, motivational speaker, and author of what s up down there? questions you d only ask your gynecologist if she was your best friend and encaustic art: the complete guide to creating fine art with wax. when you comment on an owning pink blog post, we invite you to be authentic and loving, to say what you feel, to hold sacred space so others feel heard, and to refrain from using hurtful or offensive language. differing opinions are welcomed, but if you cannot express yourself in a respectful, caring manner, your comments will be deleted by the owning pink staff.
__label__non_math	0.9343	find out more syria crisis appeal a million refugees urgently need shelter, food and water you are here: sorry, that product is no longer available. please select another. results -of 410 gray osbourn size dark cream short sleeve long line cardigan gray osbourn - size: - cream - cardigan m s - size: - rose pink - cardigan brora size cream scottish cashmere cardigan with pearlescent buttons alex co size natural linen blend cardigan alex co - size: - beige - cardigan maska size coral lightweight cardigan maska - size: - pink - cardigan fat face size grey ruffle trimmed deep v cross over long line cardigan ghost size m l high percentile merino hot pink cardigan j crew size m lipstick pink cashmere cardigan marks and spencers size sky blue cropped cashmere cardigan bnwt fat face size grey linen mix sleeveless long line cardigan marks and spencer size grey marl cashmere cardigan marks and spencers size long line wrapover grey marl cashmere cardigan hunters of brora size forest green casual cashmere made in scotland cardigan per una brown sparkley shrug, small per una - size: s - brown - cardigan per una size m blue and white striped cardigan per una - black - cardigan h m size grey rose print cardigan viyella size s purple beaded cardigan. principles size lime green beaded cardigan ochre cashmere - size: m - blue - cardigan make a donation . oxfam is a registered charity in england and wales no and scotland sc039042 . oxfam gb is a member of oxfam international.
__label__non_math	0.9052	make sure your gift to oxfam america goes directly to where it's most needed, without delay, with a secure online donation. looking to give a tribute gift, make a monthly donation, or give some other way? see other ways to give oxfam america is a member of oxfam, an international confederation of organizations networked together in countries, as part of a global movement for change, to build a future free from the injustice of poverty. oxfam america is a 501 c organization. gifts are tax-deductible to the full extent allowable under the law.
__label__non_math	1.0000	dear valued customers, as of 31st august, both our darlinghurst and chatswood locations have closed. we will not be accepting online orders for the time being, but will be launching our new website soon. you may still get in touch with us on or email. for the latest updates, please join us on facebook. like us on facebook: follow us on twitter: new online store coming soon to re-check the site status click here:
__label__non_math	0.9998	get involved: send your photos, videos, news views by texting oxford news to or email us beyond superfast broadband on the way tuesday 20th november in news talks with prospective broadband providers are due to start this month as councils prepare to improve connections in parts of oxfordshire. the county council has started competitive dialogue with providers ahead of implementation of its better broadband programme. the scheme includes a 10m investment from the county council, along with .86million in national funds, in the broadband delivery uk s superfast broadband programme. it will aim to extend and improve the broadband infrastructure to parts of the county which currently suffer from poor or unreliable connectivity. the council is also working to deliver beyond superfast connectivity for the enterprise zones of harwell and milton park using .1m from the government s growing places fund. it has also joined forces with the city council in preparing a bid for 5m from the government s super-connected cities fund. a report to yesterday s county council growth and infrastructure scrutiny committee said: the programme will enter into competitive dialogue with prospective partners in november , with an expectation of a signed contract in the spring of and completed roll-out by . the meeting was held at the county hall in new road. comments are closed on this article.
__label__non_math	1.0000	oyster : tasha tilberg shot by cass bird "i met tasha years ago and was slayed by her beauty." cass bird's photography portfolio in our all woman issue is a marker of inspiring women of all sorts. here are her shots of the canadian model tasha tilberg at the time very pregnant in the backyard and in the kitchen. and here's what cass had to say on her subjects for oyster : "i wanted to shoot women who i find inspiring, and who represent a broad range of women. some are acquaintances and some i met on the shoot. i had worked with bambi and aurel previously, mickalene is someone i have always respected and known distantly, tasha is a friend of mine i met tasha years ago and was slayed by her beauty ... considering this is the women's issue i felt she embodies this issue in her present state and sally singer is an angel who has blessed my life for the last few years with support and friendship. most memorable moment? shalom and i running through the halls of the bowery hotel like rowdy teenagers." photography: cass bird sittings editor: yohanna logan grooming: adam breuchaud photographic assistants: erik snyder and diane russo model: tasha tilberg one management retouching: 4c imaging production: art department special thanks to chuck at colorone for scanning.
__label__math	0.9319	send sms or receive sms from asp using a database on this page i give you some information on how you can use asp to send and receive sms messages. this guide is an overview. it was designed to help you pick the most appropriate method for your solution. one of the options you can choose to add sms functionality to your asp project is to use an sql sms gateway architecture. in this architecture, the asp enabled website uses a database server microsoft sql server, oracle or mysql to do is create two database tables, one for sending sms messages and one for receiving sms, in the database server and use these tables in an sql sms gateway configuration figure . in this case the sql sms gateway configuration of ozeki ng sms gateway will work the following way: figure - sql sms gateway configuration for asp sms solution there are two database tables. one will be used for receiving sms messages ozekimessagein and another will be used to send sms messages ozekimessageout . if an sms message is received by the system ozeki ng will insert a record into ozekimessagein. your asp application can read the ozekimessagein database table and check for incoming messages. if you want to send a message, you can use the ozekimessageout table. you can insert a record into ozekimessageout. ozeki ng sms gateway will periodically check your outgoing database table using an sql select and if it finds a message to be sent it will send it. this asp sms database solution is described in more detail on the following sql sms gateway configuration mssql information for sms sending send sms from asp or receive in asp program using http the other option you can choose is to communicate with the sms gateway directly using http. this option is ideal if you don't have a database server attached to your website or you do not want to use it. the advantage to this solution is that it is faster in terms of reaction times. if you are receiving an sms message using an http sms gateway configuration, you can react faster figure - http sms gateway configuration for asp sms solutions the following pages discuss in great detail how you can receive sms messages or send sms messages from your asp enabled website receive sms or send sms using http from an asp people who read this also read... the following guides give you additional detailed information about asp sms solutions that can be implemented using one of the methods discussed above: asp with built-in webserver c asp sms sdk example asp sms sdk example asp sms sdk example asp sms sdk example c sms api using http c sms api using sql sms api for asp developers
__label__non_math	0.9980	sources, software requirements areas to find similiar website templates assuming that you really like this design you may wish to peek at other templates constructed with the assistance of our website designer glenn. glenn most often creates website templates, flash templates, and joomla templates. assuming that you don't actually need related content but need a similar style for how the design was designed, we also group our designs through the design style and this website template belongs in the neutral style types. lastly we also arrange templates by keywords that attract attention immediately upon checking out the design and the mentioned design is associated with client, analytic, company, enterprise, and provider website templates. we are aware that we have an extremely large collection of templates and it may be a challenging task to find the exact website template that you have been wanting. we do also offer a template search tool which allows you to modify everything to stumble upon the design that is right for your project.
__label__non_math	0.9999	the billboard charts are always filled with hot tracks featuring electric guitar - influenced by chart toping producers like dre, the neptunes, kanye west, just blaze, polow da don and dj khalil, - cut from the same session that brought you the billboard guitar loops, these chopped licks are the perfect addition to your software sampler - this product features 593 individual guitar licks, in seperate tempos. - these licks are recorded using the best gear for the best sound, including avalon pre-amps and apogee a to d converters. - all tempos are provided. all p5audio licks come as wav 16bit files, and also pre-formatted and mapped out across the keyboard for most software and hardware samplers including:
__label__non_math	0.9229	accumate battery maintainance system the accumate automatic maintainance system is the answer for stored, unused or "stand-by" batteries, even for months on end. the solid state circuitry is ideal for maintaining batteries in "classic" "veteran" and other vehicles not regularly used. the accumate will not overcharge, boil , or damage your battery. batteries that are regularly maintained on an accumate will out last most warranty service periods. easy to use. just select the charging output, 6v or 12v, connect to the battery. the rest is automatic. p n am100 . shipping
__label__non_math	0.9989	plone multimedia - build a modern full-featured multimedia cms with plone and add-on products - use and extend specialized multimedia content-types for images, audio, video, and flash - set up a custom multimedia cms by collaborating with external resources such as youtube, google videos, and so on - follow a step-by-step tutorial to create a feature-packed media-rich plone site book detailslanguage : english paperback : 372 pages 235mm x 191mm release date : may isbn : isbn : author s : tom gross topics and technologies : all books, flash, content management cms , open source, plone, python table of contents chapter : plone and multimedia chapter : managing image content chapter : managing audio content chapter : managing video content chapter : managing flash content chapter : content control chapter : content syndication chapter : advanced upload techniques chapter : advanced storage chapter : serving and caching appendix a: multimedia formats and licenses appendix b: syndication formats appendix c: links and further information all things considered, this book is just what it purports to be--an excellent resource for anyone using plone to host multimedia content and i'm sure this book will soon become a go-to reference for plone lovers everywhere. to sum up, i find this book good for advanced integrators or developers, who are looking for an overview of the different available multimedia products for plone. for the rest, i ve no doubt you can learn something from it. download the code and support files for this book. please let us know if you have found any errors not listed on this list by completing our errata submission form. our editors will check them and add them to this list. thank you. what you will learn from this book - include photos, movies, audio, and flash-applications into your plone site to make it more interactive and user-friendly - create a podcast with multimedia content stored in plone for broadcasting news - geolocate the real-world geographic location of an internet-connected computer or mobile device - rate and license your content with plone - upload your content to plone with the help of easy-to-use drag and drop options - provide video-on-demand with plone and red5 to allow users to select and watch video content - create an engaging and interactive user experience by including powerful silverlight web and mobile applications into plone - get to grips with categorization, syndication, upload, storage, and serving of multimedia content - set up a professional photo site with watermarked images and develop an interactive gallery - integrate videos and images from external providers such as youtube, yahoo video, picasa, flickr, and so on - learn about the video and audio formats best suited for web publishing plone is a free and open source content management system built on top of the zope application server. multimedia provides us with stunning interactive user experiences and many design options, but it requires discipline and knowledge to utilize it effectively so that we do not alienate our audiences. by providing an overview of multimedia content together with a practical focus on how to process it in the web context, this book will be your ideal partner when turning your plone site into a full-featured multimedia internet presence. from watermarked images, integrated silverlight-applications over geotagged content and rich podcasts to protected video-on-demand solutions this book provides a rich repository of tools and techniques to add full multimedia power to plone. this step-by-step guide will show you how to collaborate with many external web resources to build a powerful interactive plone site that perfectly meet your needs. multimedia data is a very important part of the internet, considering the amount of storage and bandwidth taken. this book will show you how to turn your multimedia data in valuable multimedia content by using the mature and extensible open source cms plone. with its content-centric approach plone allows specialized use-case scenarios for image, audio, video, flash and silverlight applications. the initial chapters focus on managing image, audio, video, and flash content for your plone website. we then plunge into content control and syndication. the book will show you how to structure your content by tagging, rating, and geolocating. it will give you insights on how to upload, store, and serve your multimedia content in an effective way. this practical book will show you how to use and extend the multimedia features of plone this book is written in a tutorial style where you work through examples that describe how you can create multimedia applications using plone and integrate your existing multimedia resources into your website. it also tells you how to use multimedia effectively giving many ideas and best practices. who this book is for this book is for plone integrators who want to extend the core of plone with multimedia features. it gives no introduction to plone and readers should know how to set up a plone site using a buildout. the book can be read and understood well without being a python developer, though some examples have python code included.
__label__non_math	0.9999	- contract packaging - packaging leaders - calendar of events this content was submitted directly to this web site by the supplier.video new cartoner equiped with servo motors for carton feeding, carton transport and bucket conveyorthis new stainless-steel cartoner from langen has a ' extended carton magazine, fitted with pre-sized templates for quick and simple carton size changeovers. see how it works packaging pies in this video. high-speed continuous motion - ' extended carton magazine, fitted with pre-sized templates for quick and simple carton size changeovers. - or high-speed -head rotary feeder. clean, quiet and hygienic design - wipe-down; with hose-down option. - stainless steel construction ideal for food packaging. - servo motors for carton feeding, carton transport and bucket conveyor; full separation of machine controls and drivetrain. - fully integrated machine guarding provides easy access to product path and machine parts. - fully-accessible, interlocked guarding package.
__label__non_math	0.9994	cadiz services for frank johnson, , of cadiz will be at a.m. monday, , at goodwin funeral home with the rev. greg wells officiating. burial will be in kentucky veterans cemetery west in hopkinsville with military graveside rites. mr. johnson died thursday, , at jennie stuart medical center in hopkinsville. mr. johnson was a member of calvary missionary baptist church. he was a u.s. army veteran of the vietnam war. he retired from the u.s. army and then worked for the civil service. he was a member of american legion, veterans of foreign wars and the disabled american veterans. he is survived by his wife, kathleen johnson; two sons, frank sonny johnson of burlington and jason johnson of perugia, italy; three daughters, sheena johnson of honolulu, hawaii, athena sivongsa of hampton, va., and roseleen root of louisville; five brothers, dale johnson of cincinnati, glenn johnson of dayton, ohio, donnie garner of alliance, ohio, bobby garner of dayton, ohio, and billy garner of blanchester, ohio; one sister, sharon kaye elkins of petersburg, and six grandchildren. he was preceded in death by three brothers and one sister. his parents were jack and mattie lou dotson johnson. friends may call after p.m. sunday, , at the funeral home. expressions of sympathy may take the form of contributions to the pennyroyal veteran s center, 506 boales st., hopkinsville, ky .
__label__non_math	1.0000	it's been weeks now since the playstation network psn was hacked. you've probably heard about it in the media about it... ever since the was hacked, it's brought down by sony, and only recently it's been party been made available again. during this time, sony didn't inform the psn users about what's happened, aside from only blog entry on their page telling that basically all date linked to the psn has been breached, and most likely copied... i too am a 'user' of the psn. well, user is a large word in this context. i've registered my old ps2 the one that i sold last year , and psp's. aside from my address most likely my previous address , probably my cellular phone number and my email address one that's been spammed by game-phishers already , there's no critical data for me that's been breached. but it does worry that it took sony till april almost weeks after they were hacked to send me an email informing me that their security was breached by hackers... of course, as mmorpg player on the sony online entertainment network soe , i wondered if the psn hack would could also mean that the soe accounts were compromised. after all, of the soe mmorpg's are available on both the soe and the psn dc universe online and free realms , but sony didn't reply to my tweet on twitter asking about it, though they dis reply on tweets in the past. you can imagine my surprise this morning at around central european summer time that the whole soe network, including games, forums and account data were brought offline. and all sony gave us to inform us was one general maintenance page: the only thing that's changed in the last hours is that about hours ago, the 'watch movies' and 'play casual games' have been removed from the page as well please guys, don't leave your customers in the dark aside from that, soe already has probably the worse name when it comes to customer service and their ability to kill mmorpg's whenever they can. now is your time to show you what you're made of ...or am i just hoping soe will give us some information... it wouldn't surprise me that, like the psn, the soe network will be down for a couple of weeks as well so that their developers have all the time of the world to fix their security issues. why bother about their paying customers..? post a comment
__label__non_math	1.0000	our design, your vision at pagethis we are dedicated to providing you with a web presence that meets your needs and serves your clients. we work with you directly to determine what you need, what you have, and where you want to be. we offer solutions from web design to an entire new server setup that will provide your company with dedicated email access, customizable domains, and web storage space. some of our services include:
__label__non_math	0.9999	after a full day on monday, the big event was the inauguration of governor hickenlooper on tuesday the 11th of january. it was a very cold morning and took place on the west side of the capitol. the governor, later at a reception, told me that his hands were so cold that he couldn t turn the pages on his speech. legislators and legislators-elect were introduced and seated in front and facing the area where the swearing in took place. before everything was done, we had the luxury of the sun warming us a little, and we were blessed with very little wind. also sworn in were attorney general john suthers, secretary of state scott gessler, state treasurer walker stapleton and, of course, lieutenant governor joe garcia. also on the stand were all of the outgoing officials led by governor ritter. i was proud that the southern ute tribe, represented by chairman matthew box and others, was there and had a special part in the ceremony of blessing the event, the governor and the lieutenant governor. i was impressed with the governor s speech. he gave his state of the state to a joint session of the legislature on thursday. i also heard the governor speak at two receptions and finally in durango on saturday morning. in his warm and down home way, he repeated his theme that we must open our doors and welcome business in colorado. he said that nowhere in colorado is there the mood to raise taxes. he stressed the need to improve efficiency, eliminate waste,and cut red tape and punitive regulation. finally, he stressed the need to work in a bipartisan fashion to accomplish what is best for colorado. to the joint session, the governor said, together, we have the opportunity to redefine the role of government and to redefine how we govern. i charge this collective body to believe that each of your colleagues is here with good intent and has undertaken the role of public service to do the right thing for the people of this state and for our future. republican frank mcnulty, speaker of the house, in his speech to the joint session of the legislature, repeated much of the same theme. i look forward to working with these men to return colorado to better times. the big day for me was on wednesday the 12th of january, when i was sworn into office in the 68th general assembly of the colorado legislature by the honorable chief justice of the colorado supreme court michael l. bender. i, j. paul brown, do solemnly swear that i will uphold the constitution of the united states and the constitution of the state of colorado, and that i will faithfully perform the duties of my office to the best of my knowledge and ability, so help me god. i want to thank all those who came to be with me on that special day, and all for your continued prayers.
__label__non_math	0.9914	baked ham recipes, either fully cooked hams or picnic hams are cooked according to a general timetable. a cooked before eating ham should be cooked to an internal temperature of 160f degrees or a picnic to 170f degrees. what is the difference between a ham and a picnic ham? hams are normally taken from the pig s hind legs. picnic hams are taken from the front legs and shoulder often called pork shoulder area where the meat is slightly tougher requiring more time to cook. this is an american idea very popular for outdoor summer barbeques or picnics . i usually prepare my baked ham recipes in an oven temperature of 325f degrees. for a whole ham of to hours plan about to hours to bake; to pounds about to hours. a to pounds of a shoulder picnic ham will take to hours to reach an internal temperature of 170f degrees. plan to have the meat finished baking about fifteen minutes before serving; this allows a time to set to make slicing easier. if a glaze is included in your baked ham recipes, score the top of the ham in diamond pattern. begin brushing or glazing about minutes before the end of baking. depending on what type of ham and what type of glaze i am using, but sometimes i baste the ham every minutes during the entire baking time. this makes a nice glaze and a pretty presentation. preheat oven to 400f degrees. cook ham according to package directions until it reaches an internal temperature of 160f degrees for a cook-before-eating ham on a meat thermometer. on a ready-to-eat ham cook to a temperature of 140f degrees. pull the skin off and cover the top of ham with a mixture of the brown sugar, mustard and bread crumbs. score the ham in diamond shapes and stud it with cloves. pour the cocoa-cola around the ham, cover and bake about minutes, basting frequently with the liquid. the following is one of the ham recipes for a virginia ham. follow the directions on the ham or on cooking ham instructions in preparing the virginia ham prior to baking. baked virginia ham preheat oven to 325f degrees. after simmering the ham and letting it cool, cut fat into a diamond pattern. do not cut into the ham. insert a clove into each diamond. place ham on a rack in a shallow roasting pan. baked uncovered for hours. combine the sugar, dry mustard, pineapple juice and vinegar. spread mixture over the ham. bake minutes longer or until internal temperature is 155f degrees. test temperature with thermometer away from the bone.
__label__non_math	0.9998	six saints starlets have been given the chance to boost their international prospects after they were called up for a training camp with scotland youth coach scott booth. the pro-youth players currently playing with saints talent spotter david longwell s kids teams have been selected to take part in scotland development squad training camps later this month. on tuesday, september , teenage goalkeeper craig love, defenders jack mcmahon and ryan lockie, and forward ross cameron will be part of the dark blues under-group that will be put through their paces at forthbank stadium in stirling. the following day at the same venue, defender owen connelly and young striker connor murray will then join up with the scots group of under-hopefuls. a spokesman for st mirren said: all at the club would like to congratulate the boys on being selected for these squads and hope it proves to be a good football learning experience for them.
__label__non_math	1.0000	karachi - muttahida qaumi movement mqm chief altaf hussain has felicitated mqm workers and people on the occasion of 15th founding day of the party observed on 26th. in a his message issued by the mqm on thursday on the eve of mqm's 15th founding day, altaf hussain said that mqm's philosophy has spread in every part of the country. he said that the mqm's philosophy and thinking has been rapidly spreading across the country and people belonging to different groups who have been united under its banner and they are struggling for their rights. altaf condoles worker s relative s death: muttahida qaumi movement mqm chief altaf hussain has expressed his grief on the death of sohailuddin siddiqui, uncle of dr nusrat shoukat, deputy convener of mqm rabita committee. he condoled with the bereaved family members and prayed to almighty allah to rest the departed soul in eternal peace, said a statement issued by the mqm on thursday.
__label__non_math	1.0000	when you build your expertise and reputation on finding the best stories to tell from the most complicated clinical data, telling those stories to a lay audience isn t a challenge. it s a thrill. and we re always looking for fresh ways to connect with audiences. for more than years, pharma has been telling people to ask your doctor. and while it s been a successful endeavor by nearly every measure, there s no doubt that the clumsy ads that have made their way to the public have hurt the industry s image. that s why it s so important that brands that reach out to consumers work to make an elegant connection. our approach to consumer promotion isn t to force a question. it s to discover a dialogue. that s why we re pushing the discussion into social media, digital, mobile all the places where brands can connect with consumers, not by planting buzzwords or pushing symptoms, but by providing information and value when and where they want it.
__label__non_math	0.9998	uploaded: wednesday, , updated: friday, , andrea saliba, a resident since , greatly appreciates the trees in the area, even citing them as a reason for her move to community. she described them as "tall and majestic," serving to give her neighborhood "a sense of history." "newer developments don't feel like home," saliba added. crescent park is also home to a demonstration garden that is planted by master gardeners from the uc extension program. on a lot next to what the locals call "eleanor" park, the garden has dirt paths that make their way through the carefully manicured beds. the garden features two distinct areas, one a "waterwise" garden that demonstrates regional plants that use little water and an edible garden that displays fruits and vegetables that are in season. both of these gardens are open to the public during the week. crescent park is bordered by san francisquito creek, a source of both pleasure and concern since past floods have caused property damage. the crescent park neighborhood association is working actively to get flood-control mechanisms installed so another flood can be prevented. but, despite the floods, residents are passionate about the creek. cathie lehrberg, a resident since , appreciates the wildlife that is found around the creek. "we draw birds that other areas don't," she said. but beyond the creekside location and easy access to university avenue restaurants, residents enjoy a sense of community through their neighborhood association. through daily emails, they ask for -- and receive -- recommendations about anything from taking in a dress to finding a good financial advisor. recent messages referred to a lost cat, a teenager wanting summer work, someone seeking a house sitter and another selling an antique armoire. saliba enjoys participating in the crescent park neighborhood association. "the association is wonderful, a chance to say hello to your neighbors." a new resident, ken hawk, who moved to the neighborhood in , commented on how welcoming the community was. "it is a great sense of community," he said. "the first day that we were here, a neighbor brought over a care package." "the people here are fantastic and welcoming," he added, commenting on how his new neighbors aided his arrival with a detailed list of contacts ranging from dentists to babysitters. saliba is especially appreciative of the small things that help build community and friendship in her neighborhood such as "my daughter selling girl scout cookies," and the fact that there are "a few block parties." lehrberg told the story of how her neighborhood welcomed a newly moved-in neighbor. "the people across the street had a party for the new people around the corner," she said. and as for the neighborhood, she said that it could be summed up simply as "lovely homes, lovely trees and lovely people." -- aaron guggenheim fire station: no. , 799 embarcadero road library: main library, newell road location: bounded by san francisquito creek, newell road, channing avenue and middlefield road neighborhood association: norman beamer, president, 650-327- parks: eleanor pardee park, 851 center drive; hopkins creekside park along palo alto avenue post offices: hamilton, 380 hamiliton ave.; main, e. bayshore road private schools: st. elizabeth seton school, channing ave. public schools: duveneck elementary school, jordan middle school, palo alto high school shopping nearby : the willows market, middlefield road, menlo park; university avenue median home price: 840,000- ,445,000 homes sold: median condo price: condos sold: are you receiving express, our free daily e-mail edition? see a sample and sign-up for express. there are no comments yet for this story. be the first
__label__non_math	0.9993	uk, , pal telegraph - it was only a matter of time before the politicians that were helped into office by the friends of israel brigade started defending their investments for the next election. i guess with the aftermath of "cast lead" one could refer to these backhanders as blood money. after the announcement that livni almost got herself arrested when planning a trip to london has now become a political football with gordon brown putting in his token comments with the obvious support of david miliband as one would expect. we see headlines such as this suddenly appear: "britain vows to end arrest threats to israeli vips" - britain pledged tuesday to reform a peculiar legal power that lets judges order the arrest of visiting politicians and generals. i find our leaders are surely a law unto themselves when they manipulate the law to secure their own future. could it be that gordon brown himself could be implicated in such a case one day? you know there is a clear understanding in this world that if you have done nothing wrong there is nothing to fear. i guess when your foreign secretary takes a biased approach in announcing that britain would no longer tolerate legal harassment of israeli officials in this fashion we must assume that all war criminals are above the law. when miliband went on to say that the british government was determined that arrest threats against visitors of livni's stature would not happen again. one can only assume that our gallant foreign secretary will be well funded in time for his next bid for re election......especially when he said "israel is a strategic partner and a close friend of the united kingdom. we are determined to protect and develop these ties," "israeli leaders - like leaders from other countries - must be able to visit and have a proper dialogue with the british government."....ok so lets just hold it there for one moment.....does that mean chevez or magabe receive the same "stature" perhaps livni has some unexplained background that allows her to get away with war crimes.......i guess her ex boss, former director of mossad, ephraim halevy knew her well when he quoted "she was in an elite unit," operating out of paris in those days saw many assassinations. both her parents were irgun fighters terrorists and both believed passionately in "zionism" in its extreme form and the idea of a greater israel. i guess that's british politics at its best....fill my purse and take your pound of flesh before leaving "the merchant of venice" lets glance upon the words spoken in another play "julius caesar" also by william shakespeare when mark antony said "the evil that men do lives after them" i am sure that our foreign secretary will find his "eutopia" along with gordon brown with shylocks help being british makes one feel so proud to know that we are a country of fair play and justice.....was that this century or last? - peter eyre, middle east consultant
__label__non_math	1.0000	helping the overweight child helping your child with social and emotional concerns it doesn't take long for children to figure out that our culture and their peers idealize thinness. children who are overweight are especially at risk of being teased and feeling alone. this can cause low self-esteem and reference depression opens new window. for information about helping a child who is being teased, see the topic reference bullying. to help your child have greater health, confidence, and self-esteem, you can: - avoid talking in terms of your child's weight. how you talk about your child's body has a big impact on your child's self-image. instead, talk in terms of your child's health, activity level, and other healthy lifestyle choices. - be a good role model by having a healthy attitude about food and activity. even if you struggle with how you feel about your own body, avoid talk in front of your child about "being fat" and "needing to diet." instead, talk about and make the same healthy lifestyle choices you'd like for your child. - encourage activities, such as sports and theater. physical activity helps build physical and emotional confidence. try different types of sports and activities until your child finds one that he or she likes. theater can help a child project strength and confidence, even if he or she doesn't feel it at first. - encourage social involvement in community, church, and school activities, which build social skills and confidence. - help your child eat well by providing healthy food choices. consider seeing a reference registered dietitian opens new window for guidance and new food ideas. - forbid any child yours included to tease another child about weight. talk to your child's teachers and or counselors, if necessary. reference rhonda o'brien, ms, rd, cde - certified diabetes educator
__label__non_math	1.0000	my -year-old son won't go near my new baby, who is month old. he did when the baby was born, but now he won't, and he tells everyone that the baby is bad or that he hates him. but my -month-old loves the baby and has no problem with him. what's up with my -year-old? your son's behavior is quite common, especially among preschoolers of the same gender as the new baby in the family. think of the situation from his perspective: he's worried that the new baby is replacing him in your eyes. that's a terrifying thought to a young child. there are a few things that you can do to help him feel more secure and, therefore, friendlier toward his younger brother. first, tell him repeatedly that you're going to be his parents forever and ever. be sure to spend some time alone with him and focusing all of your attention on him every day. this way, through your words and your behaviors, you're addressing his unspoken fears of abandonment. second, tell your -year-old that he's so smart that he has a new and very special job. he's going to be the "official interpreter" for his baby brother. when his brother babbles or coos, ask him what he thinks the baby this will reassure your older son that he's still an important family member. also, his "translations" will probably tell you more about what's on his mind than anything having to do with your new baby
__label__non_math	0.9999	olympic gold medallist, amy williams, dropped in to panasonic store bristol today to collect a special gift from panasonic, worldwide olympic partner and team gb sponsor, in recognition of her outstanding achievement at the vancouver olympic winter games. williams, who became the first individual british gold medallist at a winter olympics for years having won the skeleton event in vancouver, was given a inch vt20 3d tv and a dmp-bdt300 3d blu-ray player in acknowledgment of her olympic games success and in return for the huge enjoyment she brought the nation during the games. amy williams, nicknamed the somerset slider, commented: since winning gold in vancouver my life has pretty much remained in the fast lane. it s been really hectic with one thing and another and it s only just starting to slow down, so that s why i m so delighted to receive this magnificent 3d tv. i love watching films with my friends so i can t wait to invite them all round to watch it. jamie pavely from the panasonic store clifton bristol said: panasonic store bristol is very proud to present amy williams with the latest panasonic hd 3d tv and 3d blu-ray player in recognition of her brilliant achievement at the vancouver winter olympic games. our latest 3d technology brings the experience of watching sport to life so we hope amy enjoys following her sporting heroes in 3d like we followed her in vancouver.
__label__math	0.9559	this error is returned when activating the product: - error code : it has been detected that when activating retail products, if internet explorer is configured to work offline, the activation process cannot be carried out. follow the instructions below: a. open the internet explorer browser, click file and uncheck work offline. b. to know whether the option has been correctly unchecked, make sure the following window registry entries have a zero value . follow the steps below: - click the windows start icon run enter regedit and click ok. - locate the following registry entries by deploying the folders: - select the internet settings entry from the panel on the left and check that the globaluseroffline entry is displayed on the right. if there is no globaluseroffline entry, the internet explorer has not been configured to browse in offline mode without connection . - if there is, check that the value in the value column is 0x00000000 .if the value is 0x00000000 , it means your internet explorer is still in offline mode. you must therefore double click the globaluseroffline entry, change the value data field from to and click ok. finally, after completing all of these steps, you will see that the activating process finishes successfully.
__label__math	0.9968	about this dragon ball paper craft: size: cm format: .pdo line lineless you can download the dragon ball paper craft model here: dragon ball realistic after time chamber ussj trunk cell saga free papercraft download for this paper model, we recommend that you use the material paper, paint, glue, etc. to make. here are great deals, and here are 100s of card making ideas. there is free sewing patterns that you may need.
__label__non_math	0.9873	this is a common theme for me, and i wonder how often other people deal with this sort of thing. i m at the point where i m tired of constantly accommodating people s lack of planning, and i refuse to hurry for any deadlines other than my own now. dude needs his group added to this communications system i manage with the help of those monkey-trog douche-nozzles in the lotus notes group . in order to do this, i need a list of information from him, which i provided to him a couple months ago when he first contacted me inquiring about the system. i never heard back from him, and figured since he was sending technical data to japan, that he had decided to just go through the program office rather than set up his own system and have to worry about export and proprietary, etc. fast-forward to three weeks ago when i m out with ineedtosleepinandplayvideogamesitis aka was enjoying a flex time-induced three day weekend , of course this is the day he emails me saying he needs to get this set up right the fuck now because the program office refuses to process his shit for him, insisting he go through his own organization. so i get a call on my cell phone from a coworker telling me we have a dude who is loosing his shit because i m out today, so i trudge my cranky ass into work to meet with this guy because it s such a fucking emergency and he just has to get this data to japan today even though it s friday and they are probably all asleep in bed in their time zone where i wanted to be . and what happens? the motherfucker stands me up. i go in on my day off, with no hope of getting overtime, to appease this toolbag, and he stands me up. well, fuck that. anyway, i think he knows that he s in the shit house, because the following week this dude s boss contacts me to set up a meeting about the system. dude s boss sent me a meeting notice for a meeting friday morning. he sent the meeting notice at friday morning. i was yes i get in on monday, explain to him dude s boss, i was on vacation on friday, and you sent me the meeting notice with an hour heads up anyway, so let s meet this week but of course he s up in canadia on business for the week so i tell him look, you just need to send me this information, the list of information i provided to dude months ago, here is the email i sent him, here is a presentation explaining why i need this, and you can just email me this information and i will have this set up when you get back from canadia. he ignores my email, comes back, and insists on an in-person meeting. so we have our in-person meeting, during which i bring a print out of the emails and presentation i had already sent him and say so this is what i want, and he says that s it? that s all you need? rtfq. read your fucking email, people. so i tell this guy you get me this information, and i will request new user groups from the lotus notes group, who take a few days to get new groups set up in the system, and he says oh, that s all? great the following day i get this email from him: this is a list that is needed to support my team s activities i expect that you may receive similar requests from other teams but if possible i would you to put this into the system asap. i am late in delivering on my action item commitments and would therefore like to get the system updated quickly to allow me to catch up. i ignore this email because, let s be honest, a lack of planning on your part does not constitute an emergency on mine. today i get this email from him: where do we stand on this? i tried calling you but you were not at your desk. i will try again later. i would like to get this update completed today or tomorrow. the current configuration of the system does not meet our needs for the some program as i think you discussed with dude s boss and i am anxious to get my technical data to japan early this week. as i said to your boss, it takes a few days to get the groups requested. i requested them after our meeting last week, and am waiting for them to be applied to the database. i will let you know when it is ready. who does this i was under the impression that you did it. is there someone else i need to lean on to get this done faster? the lotus notes group has to create the groups and attach them to a database. there is no getting it faster, it just takes the time it takes due to how our lotus notes databases are set up here. he responds, ccing somedude from it he s friends with: itdude: can you expedite this please? -dude
__label__non_math	0.9989	by lenae gerig designer's tip: back the black dress form with red cardstock to add a touch of color. the nice thing about this card is that you can easily customize the colors just by changing the candy stripers self-adhesive stones, ribbon and cardstock. - place the card fold on the side. glue "x6 " black dot paper to the card center. cut "x5 " of border from the lace paper, ink edges and mat with white cardstock, leaving " border. glue to the left side of the card, " from the edge and " from the top. - mat the long edges of "x1 " striped paper with white cardstock, ink edges and glue across the card, " from the top. trace "x4" designer label onto the black flourish paper and mat with white cardstock, leaving " border. place dazzles black lines on "x " vintage label cut from ivory houndstooth paper and foam tape to the center of the larger label. glue to the right side of the border. - back the bodice of the dress form die cut with red cardstock and glue to the label. zot knotted ribbon to the left side. evenly space candy stripers stones across the border. - cut "x1 " mini bracket label from red cardstock, ink edges and mat with black cardstock, leaving a " border. stamp with greeting and foam tape to the left of the larger label.
__label__non_math	0.9971	we're sorry, but your search didn't generate any matches. please make sure your search term is spelled correctly. it is best to narrow your search as much as possible, unless you want to see all the titles for an entire subject. choose terms that will best indentify the product you are looking for. for example, if you are looking for chris tomlin's worship cd hello love, a general search for worship music will produce a very large list. a search for chris tomlin will provide a smaller list, but will include all his songbooks and accompaniment tracks as well as his cds. a search for chris tomlin hello love will produce a more accurate reflection of what you are looking for. or, a search for veggie tales will include a lot of dvds, cds, toys, and books. you can narrow that search down by selecting the appropriate binding or format from the left side of your screen. the search results are automatically sorted by relevance. you can re-sort the results by popularity, price, alphabetically, or by publication date by selecting a different choice from the "sort by" drop down menu in the right hand side of the screen.
__label__non_math	0.9999	manx company buys soviet spacecraft isle of man today three almaz stations were launched into space under the pretence that they were civilian research craft. the almaz programme only came to light when the soviet regime collapsed and there have been reports that the orbiters were armed with cannons normally used on mig jet fighters so that us satellites could be destroyed if they were used to attack soviet cosmonauts in space. the excalibur almaz company has a wealth of space experience among its executives and advisers which include space shuttle astronaut franklin r. chang-d az, former johnson space center director george w. s. abbey and veteran russian cosmonaut vladimir titov who became the first man ever to spend a whole year in space. with this announcement, the dream of private orbital space exploration may become a reality in the very near future, said mr titov following an announcement of the company s plans at the moscow air show last week. excalibur almaz now owns several almaz spacecraft, including reusable re-entry vehicles rrvs and space stations used in the 1970s. read the full story.
__label__non_math	0.9972	we own three dive boats which are based at the dive centre beach all summer long. don't settle for a dive shop on the high street, when you can relax on our beach between dives. malta's best located diving cente, situated at cirkewwa, malta's premier dive site. winners of the malta tourism competition for the best diving instructor in malta, for the year ending , , , , and . easy access to malta, gozo, comino and cominetto, departing by speedboat from our private sandy beach. whether you are a complete beginner or an expert diver, we can supply the diving program you need. unbeatable rates for boat diving packages for individuals, groups and diving clubs. paradise diving is run by the owners and continuity of staff is of key importance to them. we know there is nothing worse than finding your instructor arrived in malta the week before you did. you will see the same faces here, year after year. if you are looking for a safe diving destination, malta cannot be bettered. diving in malta is better value than ever, now that ryanair and easyjet have increased their flights to malta. our latest boat, purpose built for us may . boat diving at no extra cost on all diving packages and courses. from may 1st to october 31st, we dive three times per day by speedboat leaving directly from our own sandy beach, weather permitting . malta's best dive sites are readily accessible. the islands of comino, cominetto and gozo are just a minute ride away and we return after each dive to the beach, making us the perfect choice for those divers with non diving partners and children. sunloungers are available free of charge to hotel guests and for a nominal fee to non-residents. the beach has recently been awarded beach of quality status for the exceptional cleanliness of the bathing water. other resort facilities include, showers, equipment washing and storage, beachside bar offering hot and cold snacks, as well as the hotel restaurant, and a wide range of watersports and boat trips to the blue lagoon, comino. during winter we concentrate on diving malta's wrecks and caverns from shore. we are blessed with a wide range of dive sites in malta, catering for every level of diving experience. we can also offer a whole day shore diving gozo, depending on weather and demand. jesus carrillo best instructor season, malta star awards we were congratulated by padi for the success of our staff in winning the malta tourism awards for best instructors, two years running. you can read the article on the padi website by clicking here. since then, our instructors won again for the season, , and with jesus carrillo in . more details are on our staff page. enjoy a snack in the shade at the divecentre beachbar you will find us opposite the malta - gozo ferry terminal, on the private beach of the four star paradise bay resort hotel. staying at the hotel is optional; we provide diving services to everyone. the hotel is offered by most tour operators, featuring malta and internet booking portals such as trivago, medhotels and expedia. for more information on the hotel go to our accommodation page. if you choose alternative accommodation, we provide free transport between our dive centre and the following resorts: mellieha, bugibba, qawra, st paul's bay, xemxija, selmun palace, riviera resort and ramla bay. free tranport is after breakfast returning around .. paradise diving is managed by the british and maltese owners, alison and noel micallef, we pride ourselves in providing the local expertise you need, in conjunction with the standard of service you expect. as a padi resort we can provide a wide range of padi diving courses for beginners and beyond as well as specialties, led by award winning instructors. we offer accompanied diving and gear hire facilities, providing everything you need from an air fill to the sale of a drysuit, - days a week, all year round. during the winter season just give one day s notice of your requirements. our aim is to make your scuba diving holiday in malta memorable for all the right reasons send your requirements or queries to alison by email for a speedy response. we are a sociable lot and when the diving is done, there are logs to be filled, tales to be told and cold beers to be drunk.we have lots of single divers, as well as couples and families, so you will be sure to meet new buddies. we also offer free wifi so you can keep in touch with everyone back home. as a p.a.d.i. star dive resort, we offer a range of diving courses. open water diver advanced open water diver rescue diver medic first aid for beginners, we offer a hour diving lesson providing a thorough briefing on what you will experience under water and the operation of your equipment. take as long as you need to practice breathing, using scuba in shallow water. when you re ready, the session ends with a minute dive in the sea. if you can master some basic skills you will be given a certificate. if you wish to continue, choose from a variety of programs. malta's clear, warm waters make diving so much easier than learning to dive in a cold country. for more information on padi courses for beginners go to our learning to dive page the colours of cirkewwa captured by photographer mike croft the best of malta s diving ..is on our doorstep. at cirkewwa, encounter spectacular sites catering for the novice, as well as those only suitable for the experienced diver. you ll marvel at the colours of the flora and fauna, seen through crystal clear water. beyond the shallows, explore the impressive drop off, caves and statue of the madonna or the complete, ocean tug boat rozi, sunk at 35m and perfectly safe to explore inside and out. near the rozi, you can find the p29 minesweeper patrol boat. for more information take a look at our page dedicated to diving malta's wrecks. comino is equally popular for its huge well lit caverns, fish feeding dives and spectacular lagoons. our british diving instructor, mark dove, gives an excellent guide to diving comino here. whereas our dive trips to gozo offer more wrecks and outstanding topography, seen in rock formations such as fessej rock. summer specials accompanied dives all by boat with tanks and weights euro 175. for those needing full diving equipment, add on an extra euro per pack. padi training padi open water course, including full equipment, euro 340 all year round. may to october make your open water course dives by boat at no extra cost please email alison to obtain a complete price list for all courses and packages available further discounts for groups. scuba diving equipment is cheaper in malta. masks, snorkels and fins are typically one third less than the identical items in uk dive shops. so if you are about to buy diving equipment, wait until you get here. our instructors are happy to advise you on your purchases. if we don't have what you are looking for just ask, and we will endeavour to get it within hours for you. live in peace with the non divers in your party. we aim to keep everyone happy, with speedboat trips to blue lagoon, banana rides, water skiing, beach bar, restaurant and sunloungers for the couch potatoes.
__label__non_math	0.9999	in my travels through walla walla this weekend, i found a store with possibly the most awesome name ever: hot poop. i think it's a music store of some nature. here's the whole store front: i can only imagine people talking about the store. "hey, man, you wanna check out hot poop?" "no, i poked my head into hot poop yesterday and didn't see anything i needed." oh, hellz yeah.
__label__non_math	0.9998	the pocket louvre has not yet been reviewed. notify me via e-mail when this book is reviewed. the pocket louvre by claude mignot abbeville press, inc. isbn pagespaperback add to shopping list order from amazon - paranormalromance . all book covers and photos are
__label__non_math	1.0000	"i fell in love with this family of werewolves" kari can't believe how upside down her life has become since she was bitten by a dog and put in the hospital. if that wasn't bad enough, her doctor has just kidnapped her. then this hot piece of a man is trying to tell her that she wasn't bitten by a dog, she was bitten by and is now a werewolf, but not just any werewolf, no, she is the queen of the werewolves. what is going on with her life? at first she just wants to tell herself, this man is "crazy", but as time goes on she starts to realize he isn't crazy, she is what he says she is. having a husband that is over six feet tall and gorgeous isn't so hard to come to terms gives her so much love, and of course the sex is no hardship at all. but the only downfall is that someone, and they do not know who, is trying to kill kari. who in the cherchez pack could want her dead? well, make a list. but she is not willing to go without a fight; she is part of a large family now, something she never had and people who care. she will not lose this wonderful man or her new family without fighting. but something good has come out of this, it has caused kari and the wolves in the inner circle to unite to stop who ever is trying to kill her. i have to say that i love anything lauren dane writes in the first place, but oh my gosh, this book "rocks big time". i loved this world and story line. i fell in love pack. i sure hope ms. dane plans to write more from this loving and hot pack of wolves. the author did a great job relationship, well to me that was the icing on the cake. i can't wait for lauren's new book, i will be first in line. reviewed by nicole harvey kari's simple life is tossed upside down. she's hospitalized after a dog attacks her, her doctor kidnaps her, and now a totally crazy man is telling her that not only is he a werewolf but so is she. and not just any werewolf but the queen she soon finds out andreas is telling the truth. being a werewolf isn't so bad when your husband stands well over six feet, is hotter than a movie star and richer than one too. it doesn't hurt that he adores and spoils her, and the wicked-hot sex is icing on the cake. what girl doesn't like cake? but someone in the cherchez pack keeps trying to kill her. kari is happy belonging to a big family for the first time in her life and she's not going to let one wolf with an axe to grind ruin that. andreas, kari and the wolves in the inner circle unite to end the threat and find the killer. it's kill or be killed and kari intends to do the killing. reader note: this book features an explicit encounter between two males and a m nage scene.
__label__non_math	1.0000	"hell hath no fury like a demon about to lose his life" elena's curse and the trap that she and drake are in are further revealed in bound in fury, the second book of the bound series. the brotherhood is responsible for her curse and they have one reason for cursing her, to kill drake oblivion, the demon of lust. drake and elena learn that they are the prey for the new hunt from hell. drake has already lost some of his own brethren to death and kidnapping. now, he must keep himself and elena safe, while hunting out the hunter. dawn montgomery has written an intriguing story of demons, hell hounds, and more paranormal creatures than i can imagine. as in the first book of the series, she gives just enough information about the characters and what is really going on to keep me guessing and wanting more. this book held a little less sex and a little more action, each equally electrifying. i would not recommend that this series be read out of order or even as a stand-alone, because each is tied in and must be read in order and together to get the full story. reviewed by melissa conatser hell has a new hunt and the trap is springing shut. with three demon brethren dead and his only daughter missing, drake does what he has to in order to keep elena safe and away from the brotherhood. he keeps her locked behind abandon's doors. but nothing can stop the wheels of the hunt once it's begun and elena's curse has brought her to the depths of her own hell. her libido's screaming for attention and the only one who can ease the ache leaves her confused and furious. neither expected the depth of hatred from the brotherhood or the lengths to which they would go to destroy one demon. drake, it seems, has old enemies and they're willing to overthrow hell itself to destroy him. only together can drake and elena survive the coming battle. nothing grips tighter than those bound in fury. genre s : paranormal, angels demons theme s : vampires, the dark side
__label__non_math	0.9991	during my years as a doctor, i've grown to appreciate that pediatrics is a partnership between me and my patients. that's why several years ago, when my two oldest sons joined our practice, i gave them the doctorly and fatherly advice to be humble enough to learn from the parents of the babies and kids they care for. parents teach me how to be a better doctor and, in doing so, play a huge part in making sure their children get the best i have to offer. to do the same with your child's pediatrician: start off on the right foot. at your first visit, let her know that you're seeking a high level of medical care. when jim and deborah, a couple who were expecting their first baby, interviewed me as a prospective pediatrician, the first thing out of jim's mouth was, "doctor, this is a well-researched baby." from there, he politely drilled me with questions, including the usual "what are your hours?" and "are you always on call?" as well as more probing ones, such as whether i had a lactation consultant on staff in case deborah had any trouble with breastfeeding, and how much time they could expect from me at well-baby visits. it was obvious that picking the right pediatrician meant a lot to them, and they'd done their homework. most doctors will deeply appreciate this kind of approach -- and they also appreciate politeness. even a few kind words about their practice goes a long way in establishing rapport. and call me old-fashioned, but i do enjoy getting personal notes from parents or even the kids themselves . in fact, i still have a letter posted on my wall from a -year-old who didn't like being examined. it reads: "dear dr. bill: i'm sorry i kicked you. i was having a bad day. love, isaac." william sears, m.d., a pediatrician, author, and a dad of eight, is a parenting contributing editor.
__label__non_math	1.0000	spring crafts and activities for kids written by jen betterley a favorite montessori classroom lesson for children, this flower-arranging activity featured on modern parents messy kids is perfect for a little bit of "edutainment" while gathering your garden's spring blooms to get started, simply head outside with a basket to gather flowers or foliage and have a tray waiting inside with the following included: scissors, a small vase or two, a small water pitcher or cup, and a doily or two for a little extra decorative flair. be sure to check out the rest of this post for four additional "introductory activities for the montessori newbie." lots of easy and neat ideas for plenty of learning fun at home
__label__non_math	0.9963	when a really bad thing happens to a really nice couple a parent dies. you lose a baby. someone gets seriously ill or injured. any of these events has the potential to bring a couple closer, but more likely, to truly rock a relationship. "a death or a major crisis can spur people to take stock of their lives, and you may begin to question everything, including your marriage," says pepper schwartz, ph.d., professor of sociology at the university of washington, in seattle. suddenly, icky little grievances that you've tried to ignore get right in your face. everyone handles traumatic events differently, and when the differences are great, couples can grow apart. if you haven't invested time and energy in maintaining your connection, you may find yourselves feeling like total strangers, or you may start treating each other in unfamiliar, hurtful ways. you're going to have to reach deep to get through this one. compassion is the word of the moment. if your spouse seems neglectful, maybe he's just busy coping. if he complains that you seem distant or uncaring, try to let him know what you need -- even if it's just the time and space to be alone. open up to your partner about what you're feeling. ask him how he's doing. keep this up for the weeks, months, or even years it might take to regain your equilibrium. but keep reminding each other that this too shall pass. try to tap into better times: reminisce about amazing experiences you've shared; talk about your successes big and small he's learned that bras don't go in the dryer
__label__non_math	0.9968	parent savers is a weekly audio podcast and online resource for moms and dads with newborns, infants and toddlers. we know you're busy, so our -minute episodes are available on-the-go via itunes and through our free apps stay connected by subscribing to our monthly show newsletter plus, each month we select a one subscriber to receive a free one month subscription to the parent savers club
__label__non_math	1.0000	unleashing your tween's inner rock star join the conversation daily and youll be entered to win a amex gift card and a ton of cool products from crest - creating opportunities from common interests with your tween - by mh426 - how to get your tween to develop her inner girl power - by jmlivigni
__label__non_math	1.0000	save the date join us for these coming events everyone is invited to join us at for our regular sunday service. we would welcome the opportunity to meet you and share our worship with you. and be sure to check out our monthly messiah calendar below.
__label__non_math	0.9979	desgined in photoshop indesign; edward meadham benjamin kirchhoff portraits from london fashion week website; text from my contribution for ligature magazine; you thought i let you off the hook with the lfw stuff, huh? not so quick i m afraid there s a sackload of photos and all good stuff i want to share. well, i could just bugger off and make soup out of them, but i don t think the orphans would appreciate that, now would they. i ve done something a little different this time and gone and designed a mini editorial in hopes to ball them into bite-size chunks here s meadham kirchhoff s show from the 5th day, a really dramatic and fast-paced show so fast that by the time i adjusted my camera settings the models were already retreating and i believe one smirked stuck her tongue out at me? so i stole their flowers in return. cackle here s a bit more about the show and original photos from my small contribution to ligature magazine. for those trying to read that -point text in pages and , they re extracts from all the hatemail i ever got. quick go get your magnifying glasses. i know it s over but do check full frontal fashion for more photos of lfw
__label__non_math	1.0000	come see some real horse power at the cattle baron's ball posted by: park place porsche dallas - park place porsche dallas supports the cattle baron's ball park place porsche is honored to continue their support of this year's ball set to take place on saturday, . the great state fair of texas themed event will take place at south fork ranch and features musical performances by alan jackson and jack ingram. no state fair is complete without an auto show. park place porsche will have a corral featuring this year's raffle car, the porsche boxster and a line up of several other newsworthy porsche's including this year's featured live auction car, the porsche cayenne turbo here's your chance to make some hay... after you cowboys and cowgirls put your horse up in the barn, hop into this porsche boxster for the ride into town. porsche's popular mid-engine roadster features everything you would expect: high performance, lightweight construction, sporting ability and pure driving pleasure, with more muscle under the hood and more aggressive exterior styling. so saddle up and put the spurs to her raffle tickets are just ,000. the raffle winner will be drawn and announced at the ball on saturday, - you need not be present to win the cattle baron's ball is the world's largest single-night fundraiser for cancer research through the american cancer society. dallas' cattle baron's ball has made its mark on both texas culture and history as it has raised nearly million in just years in its ongoing pursuit of a cure for cancer. one hundred active volunteers are responsible for raising the funds that my make the ultimate difference in the lives of those who are coping with cancer. alan jackson is a country singer, blending both honky tonk and mainstream country sounds and penning many of his own hits. more than fifty of his singles have reached top on the billboard country charts, including twenty-five number ones. jack ingram is an american country music artist who has released eight studio albums, one extended play, six live albums and eighteen singles. ingram has sent seven songs into the country top : "wherever you are", "love you," a cover version of hinder's "lips of an angel," "measure of a man," "maybe she'll get lonely," "that's a man" and "barefoot and crazy."
__label__non_math	1.0000	explore little india from the parkroyal on kitchener road singapore hotel consider the parkroyal on kitchener road singapore hotel your trusted local companion in the heart of little india. known as the centre of singapore's indian community, the area is sure to enthrall visitors with its colour, gaiety, aromas and bustle. experience the spirit of an ethnic neighbourhood brimming with culture and dotted with quaint shop-houses, or visit some of the most famous mosques in singapore. you will also discover a wide range of shopping options in little india. walk next door from your hotel to find a retail haven sure to satisfy any shopaholic, or wander among the charming stalls of bugis village where everything from handmade trinkets to local delicacies can be found. embark on a shopping adventure at the -hour emporium-cum-department-store-cum aladdin's cave mustafa centre, where you'll encounter every conceivable item within walking distance of parkroyal on kitchener road. the parkroyal on kitchener road singapore hotel's convenient location in little india will provide you with easy access to several key attractions. for more information, please contact us today.
__label__non_math	0.9998	in a welcoming garden, 400m. from the beach, a small unit with a smiling landlady offering studios apartments for -guests: kitchen, a c, tv, fridge, balcony sea or countryside view . bbq, playground, wifi, parking, laundry, home-grown products, pets allowed. agritouristic holidays with wine making on site small resort with junior suites incl. hydro-massage , family apartments and standard rooms. featuring large swimming pool, big gardens, tennis court, mini golf, playground, billiard, gym, sauna and more. full wedding services and event hosting. pets welcome. located 10min. by car from naoussa and various beaches. home-like studios for -persons in aegiali on the island of amorgos. situated in a semi-rural area of the island next to the beach, with beautiful sea views.
__label__non_math	0.9855	, though we are rather fond of them for obvious reasons. submitted by benabik on wed, - so after my last blog post, i started a gist to keep track of "how would i write pct". i called it pact, the parrot alternate compiler toolkit. i suppose i could have called it pct2, but i really don't want to try to claim it will replace pct. pct's very valuable to the people using it right now, but there's no small desire to add to it and i'd like to help it be better. parrot's main audience, to my mind, is prospective compiler writers and the easier we can make their lives the better. submitted by sohcahtoa on wed, - on behalf of the parrot team, i'm proud to announce parrot .., also known as "magrathea". parrot is a virtual machine aimed at running all dynamic languages. parrot ..is available on parrot's ftp site ftp: ftp.parrot.org pub parrot releases devel .. , or by following the download instructions at for those who would like to develop on parrot, or help develop parrot itself, we recommend using git to retrieve the source code to get the latest and best parrot code. submitted by tcurtis on wed, - the hard "pencils down" date was monday, so now seems like a good time for a blog post summarizing what i ended up completing. i have dpda generation and parsing working for lr and slr grammars. i have the beginnings of a grammar specification dsl a grammar, but no actions or tokenizer yet; it's in the dsl branch . i do not have support for lalr k grammars or general lr k grammars. i have not implemented generating code to parse grammars as opposed to interpreting the dpda in order to parse them . submitted by benabik on mon, - i've spent the last few days cleaning up my branch: adding documentation, checking that it passes the code standard tests, and trying compiling rakudo nom. don't get too excited, we can't compile nom directly to bytecode. heck, it can't compile squaak directly yet. but i wanted to make sure that all my tinkering hasn't broken the original pir generation path. submitted by sohcahtoa on sun, - actually, i suppose the flight has really just begun. it's true that gsoc is nearly at its end but, ironically enough, it doesn't really feel like the end but more of a new beginning. a new debug data format is in the works and it has so much potential submitted by benabik on sat, - while i didn't implement everything i thought i would, there is now a basic framework for bytecode generation in the nqppct branch. i'm uncertain if it should be merged... while the bytecode generation doesn't fully work, it doesn't interfere with the existing usage of pct and does have the nice feature that past::compiler is now written in nqp for ease of hacking. i'll leave that up to the rest of the community to decide. the rest of this blog post is the contents of docs pct bytecode.pod, which i hope will be helpful if anyone want to explore what i've been working on all summer. submitted by rohitnsit08 on sat, - with only two days left before the hard dead line and that will the end of my first gsoc . these three months has given me a tremendous insight into the world of open source, scripting languages and off-course compilers. the good parts submitted by bubaflub on sat, - it's been a while since i've posted - real life has been crazy with moving and setting up and finals. that's my fault because i didn't take into account the fact that i would be moving nor my finals being right around the time gsoc would be ending. the good news is that i've moved and setup my place hooray for having my own office and my classes are done - i've written the last research paper and taken my last final for my masters. submitted by rohitnsit08 on thu, - after missing action from some time, corella is rising again . right now corella is not able to compile itself which was intended to but i'm trying to cover as much as possible and will give my best in this week. corella's object system "corella-system" is ready and working. worked on arrays today and now corella is having support for arrays and even multi dimentional arrays as given in the ecmascript. .sub 'main' :main submitted by coke on wed, - otto. apes don't read philosophy. wanda. yes they do, otto. they just don't understand it. now let me correct you on a couple of things, ok? aristotle was not belgian. the central message of buddhism is not 'every man for himself'. otto. you read... wanda. and... the london underground is not a political movement. those are all mistakes, otto. i looked them up. now. you have just assaulted the one man who can keep you out of jail and make you rich. so, what are you going to do about it, huh? what would an intellectual do? what would plato do? -- a fish called wanda, by john cleese. with that, i'd like to apologize for parrot .., also known as "wanda". parrot is a virtual machine aimed at running all dynamic languages. parrot ..is available on parrot's ftp site, or by following the download instructions. for those who would like to develop on parrot, or help develop parrot itself, we recommend getting the latest and best parrot code from github.
__label__non_math	1.0000	posted on 24th apr the national conference for the united ostomy associaions of america uoaa will be held in jacksonville, florida in . the theme will be "bridge to acceptance and the dates will be august -. this marks the fourth uoaa national conference and should prove to offer some great experiences with ostomates attending from all over the united states and some international locations. this event draws vendors such as: ostomy pouch distributors, ostomy pouch manufacturers, all kinds of ostomy accessories, clothing for ostomy pouches, nutritional supplelements and more. in addition there are break out sessions to learn more about colostomies, ileostomies, urostomies, and continent diversions. also, there may be a session on peristomal hernia and ostomy support belts that help reduce control this problem.
__label__non_math	0.9874	here is a selection of the most recent reviews of the alice springs highlights half-day tour submitted by actual travelers. read what travelers liked, what they loved, and what they thought could be improved. great guide. myles clearly passionate about his job and his town. thankyou to him for making this tour so very interesting.reviewed by: bev, november really very informative fantastic coach driver thoroughly enjoyed itreviewed by: william a r, september nice short tour seeing a variety of highlights such as school of the air and the reptile centre. very informative guide, would definitely recommend it was an informative, interesting half day. we learned some history of the area and were amazed at how the services we sometimes take for granted are made available for remote areas.reviewed by: sharon g black b, february my group enjoyed the tour with the highlight being the school of the air. there are few areas where greater commentary and information would have been nice. quality of the bus was fantastic.reviewed by: elizabeth c, august
__label__non_math	0.9927	there are diagrams for rb130ff0. click on the diagram where you think your part is located. search the entire rb130ff0 for your part by name. keep searches simple, e.g. belt or pump. need help? choose a symptom to view a list of parts that fix that symptom. these are the most commonly purchased repair parts for rb130ff0.
__label__non_math	0.8009	a weatherstripping is only a simple strip of materials, though the security that it provides is indispensable to the overall state of your bmw 550. however, the bmw 550 weatherstripping can get damaged after a while, causing problems like noise, together with the entry of destructive elements similar to water and snow that might cause problem in the vehicle interior. weatherstrippings are very simple rubber supplies which are situated into the connecting areas and gaps separating the windows and some other vehicle openings from the main chassis of your bmw 550 auto, keeping the auto air-tight and water tight all the time. damage of such materials will mean wide pockets in your car, spaces that could allow the admittance of debris such as dirt and dust that could result in excessive wear and tear of the inner parts in your vehicle. another result of weatherstripping damage is insufficient interior cooling caused by the breaks in your automobile in which chilly air gets out. you can't allow these instances to happen, thus replace the weakened weatherstripping in your bmw 550 immediately. in case you're seeking for the correct alternative bmw 550 weatherstripping, parts train is the best source for you. our featured parts are available with a low price guarantee, so you know you will have the most bang for your buck. use our part fit checker to view parts compatible with your vehicle.
__label__non_math	0.9981	what kundalini yoga means to me as a former devotee of power yoga, i loved the intensity of the physical work. the sweat that poured off my body in class felt like an instant detox. i practiced this type of vinyasa flow yoga for years, however, after sustaining an injury, i found that i was unable to function in my power yoga classes like i used to. i became depressed about my inability to perform my normal yoga practice and stopped going to class altogether. without the classes that had been my physical outlet and had provided me with balance, clarity, mental stability and emotional release, i started to get a little crazy. needless to say, my relationships and friendships suffered and my work took a major dive. my creativity was completely severed at the knees and i found myself crying a lot for no real reason. as a typically sunny, upbeat girl, i didn t recognize myself anymore. after a few months of going to bed crying and waking up with heavy anxiety, i knew i couldn t live like this. kundalini yoga became a refuge during the most insane time of my life. i began to crave my teacher training weekends at yoga west almost like a return to the safety and warmth of the womb. i lived for the community, the meditations, the breathing exercises and the balance the kriyas brought to my emotionally fried state. no question this yoga was very different than any i had previously done. i m a pretty open minded person, but i must say, at first glance, this yoga looked completely bizarre. first of all, the teachers dress from head to toe in white clothing, wear head wraps or turbans and sometimes play yoga music straight out of the s. the poses themselves are sequenced in a specific way and are held for up to minutes in order to bring vitality to certain centers of the body. in teacher training, i discovered the layout of kundalini yoga sets powerfully deliver energy, oxygenated blood and health to deep internal organs and glandular systems. rather than focusing on building superficial muscular strength as in power yoga, kundalini yoga works internally to rebuild and repair a shot nervous system. because i felt so great after practicing, i got used to looking strange and got over caring what anyone else thought of me. over time, this practice soothed my frazzled nerves and brought me the peace of mind i so desperately needed. i came out of kundalini yoga class buzzing with energy, bright eyed and happy. that s all i needed. i was hooked and felt a strong need to share the yoga that brought me this incredibly deep, personal transformation. i began teaching kundalini yoga and meditation to beginners, with a strong focus on proper breathing. i realized anyone could benefit from the techniques i d learned, from working professionals, to athletes, to new moms, to people seeking a better health and a way to cope with stress, anxiety or depression. i love teaching. the transformations i see in my clients lives keep me inspired to continue learning and growing as a teacher. my private sessions are intuitively driven. using knowledge gained from many years of studying yoga and the body including my own personal experience, i seek to meet a client s individual needs and provide a safe space for him to dig in and challenge himself to grow. this work is about uprooting long-held, unhealthy habit patterns and developing positive, lasting change so you feel good. private clients can expect increased body awareness, a deeper connection to breath and spirit, the power to stand in stressful situations, and more energy, clarity and stamina in their everyday lives. we are all born knowing how to breathe perfectly. simply remembering how to breathe properly can change your life. i m so grateful to have found my path and that i continue to meet so many incredible people on this journey. my hope is that you all will find what makes you come alive on your road to happiness and health. love you all,
__label__non_math	1.0000	mays landing new jersey 4wd dual sport join date: apr an iron butt ride part well, we did this insane undertaking four riders met in chatsworth, ca at to start our jouney....
__label__non_math	0.9970	mykonos is the most famous island in the aegean sea as well as the most cosmopolitan of all greek islands. it attracts visitors from all over the world including a lot of celebrities. the beautiful golden sandy beaches, the lively atmosphere and the traditional cycladic architecture represented by the numerous small churches and the houses, along with little venice make mykonos an island to remember. the windmills constitute one of the symbols of the island along with the islands mascot "petros" the pelican who lives at the port of "hora" the capital of the island. although mykonos has no real historical background there are interesting museums to visit. for further educational trips you should visit delos isle, which in antiquity was the most sacred island in the greek world. housed in a neo-classical building of , in the northeast side of "hora". it contains exhibits from the nearby island of rhenea, sculptures, pots and statuettes. look for the big vase of clay from the trojan war. folk art museum opened in , contains collections of furniture, ceramics, traditional costumes and traditional musical instruments. among the exhibits you will see the first "petros" the pelican, stuffed. opened in , here you can see ships from the early minoan period to the 19th c, maps and documents and in general exhibits from the naval tradition of the island. the most photographed monument on the island is paraportiani church. it consists of a complex of five churches. four of them are on the ground level and one raised. the ground floor of the complex consists of agios efstathios, agioi anargyroi, agios sozontas and agia anastasia the church of paraportiani is built above agios efstatios and actually got its name from the fact that it stands at the small entrance to the medieval fortress. the building started in and was not completed until the 17th century. in the past there were windmills serving for the grinding of agricultural products. these days some have been restored and are used as museums and others have been renovated and are used as houses. mykonos is a prime example of cycladic architecture. it consists of narrow whitewashed alleyways, small churches, white houses with wooden doors and windows and brightly - coloured balconies. in the colourful harbour where small fishing boats and yachts coexist, where taverns, "ouzeris", cafes and shops are spread on the coastline, you will also see a pelican eating fish, it is one of a series named petros. mykonos has all the necessary facilities of a modern resort giving satisfaction both to visitors seeking an active and cosmopolitan type of holiday and those who favour a more peaceful vacation. matogiannni with its chic shops, cafes and bars is where the island's pulse throbs. nightlife in mykonos is unique. numerous clubs, discos, bars, pubs are always full with people especially during summer time. little venice is one of the most charming districts of hora and one of the prettiest places in the cyclades. its picturesque two - and three - storey houses, with colorful balconies, windows and doors built right on the sea, form a unique picture. little venice is the perfect spot from which to view the sunset. a respectable commercial section exists in mykonos. you can go shopping or window shopping in the fabulous boutiques which carry exclusive name brands, among them outstanding greek jewelers, souvenirs as well as works of art. one of the most organized beaches of mykonos. water sports facilities including scuba diving and a beach bar are available. a beautiful organized beach with water sport facilities and a tavern for lunch. elia: another popular organized big beach of the island. it offers water sports and two good taverns. a sandy with crystal clear water beach, perhaps the most visited beach of mykonos. small boats to the other southern beaches, like paraga, kalamopodi and elia leave from here. one of the famous beaches in the aegean, with crystal-clear blue water. it is preferred by people of younger age and generally people who like to swim and swing at the same time. how to get there by air: from athens airport, eleutherios venizelos by ferry: from piraeus port
__label__non_math	0.9950	after the supreme court refused to hear the federal trade commission v. schering-plough case, senators herb kohl d-wi , patrick leahy d-vt , chuck grassley r-ia and charles schumer d-ny have introduced legislation to explicitly prohibit brand-name drug manufacturers from using pay-off agreements to keep cheaper generic equivalents off the market. in , two appellate court decisions overturned ftc s long-standing position against this practice and upheld settlements that include such pay-offs. the current decision in schering-plough makes it very difficult if not impossible for parties challenging patent settlements to do so based on the terms of the settlement itself i.e., the inclusion of a reverse payment . plaintiffs will need to show that the generic company s product did not infringe on a valid patent a very difficult path to go. the supreme court dismissal of the ftc s latest appeal spurred the introduction of the preserve access to affordable generics act s. in which section of the federal trade commission act u.s.c. would be amended to include: it shall be considered an unfair method of competition affecting commerce under subsection a for a person, in connection with the sale of a drug product, to directly or indirectly be a party to any agreement resolving or settling a patent infringement claim in which a an anda filer receives anything of value; and b the anda filer agrees not to research, develop, manufacture, market, or sell the anda product for any period of time. nothing in this subsection shall prohibit a resolution or settlement of patent infringement claim in which the value paid by the nda holder to the anda filer as a part of the resolution or settlement of the patent infringement claim includes no more than the right to market the anda product prior to the expiration of the patent that is the basis for the patent infringement claim. a recent ftc report found that in the six months following the court decisions, there were three settlement agreements in which the generic company received compensation and agreed to a restriction on its ability to market the product. additionally, the ftc found that at least seven settlement agreements made in included a pay-off from the brand manufacturer in exchange for a promise by the generic company to delay entry into the market. according to a study released by pharmaceutical care management association pcma , health plans and consumers could save .billion over the next five years by using the generic versions of popular drugs that are scheduled to lose their patent protections before . but is a restraint on settlements really in anyone s best interest? our legal system likes settlement. it even encourages it. do we want companies to instead be forced to fight legal battles to the death? the question comes down to whether an agreement between a pharmaceutical patent holder and a would-be generic competitor, in which the patent holder makes a substantial payment to the challenger for the purpose of delaying the challenger s entry into the market, is an unreasonable restraint of trade. unfortunately, things are never so simple. what really constitutes an unreasonable restraint of trade? generic-drug companies regularly make legal challenges to brand-name companies patents in the hopes of getting their generic versions on the market more quickly. they have little to lose. for the cost of a lawsuit, the generic company gets a shot at millions perhaps billions of dollars in revenue. the threat of a lawsuit claiming that the brand-name drug companies patent is invalid is close to being held at gunpoint since a jury may find the patent invalid and the drug company will be left twisting in the wind. the act as introduced does not take into account the fact that often the issues are muddy waters without a clear right or wrong answer. patent invalidity suits often come down to a nuanced, battle of experts trying to decide what some hypothetical person skilled in the art would or would not have found obvious a decade or two ago. having these matters put in front of a jury can feel a lot like a game of russian roulette. therefore, the drug company will often decide to resolve the dispute out of court, with the generic companies agreeing to give up their claims in exchange for cash settlements. the generic versions of the drugs then enter the market when the patents expire. but, the alternative would be for the companies to continue legal battles through endless appeals. the preserve access to affordable generics act would seem to remove incentives to settle disputes and cause more resources to be devoted to litigation.
__label__non_math	0.9995	the right mix of religion and politics by jonathan d. fitzgerald note from timothy dalrymple: amid allegations that politically conservative evangelicals have been guilty of america-worship, patheos' evangelical portal invited christians from across the political spectrum to a thorough and constructive dialogue over what differentiates patriotism and idolatry, what is the right relationship between faith and politics, and whether conservative evangelicals today are indeed guilty of national idolatry. today we launch the series with one perspective from the right -- with an article from bestselling author david limbaugh, and one from the left -- with the article below from jonathan fitzgerald, managing editor of patrol magazine. fitzgerald was among those who sounded the alarm over the "restoring honor" rally. below, he takes up the second question and explains his view on the right relationship between faith and politics. the united states is not a christian nation. this might be harder for some readers to see, depending on where in the country they live. growing up in new england, it was glaringly obvious. when i was a teenager, christian concert organizers - youth pastors really - couldn't get a decent christian band to come within a few hundred miles of boston. i knew a lot of evangelicals like myself, but i knew a lot of catholics too, and a bunch of non-practicing catholics and non-christians. i knew that the politics espoused by my pastor in the pulpit wouldn't fly outside of the walls of the warehouse that served as our church. i came to see these two worlds as separate. surely my religious beliefs influenced my politics, but i knew i shouldn't bring these beliefs into the public square. it turns out this is a pretty typical progressive stance when it comes to the intermingling of religion and politics; essentially, don't do it. i might have maintained this separation and gone through life with the misinformed view that i should never let my christianity influence my political views had it not been for a powerful speech - nay, sermon - by a christian leader whom i have since come to respect deeply. on , then-senator barack obama gave the keynote address at the call to renewal conference sponsored by sojourners in washington dc. in the forty-minute speech, obama showed a deep understanding of the problems and stigmas that surround the relationship between religion and politics in contemporary public discourse. he shared his own testimony and outlined ways by which the non-religious and religious could engage in productive dialogue about political issues.
__label__non_math	0.9990	as an orthodox rabbi once told me, the most controversial issue in modern judaism today is god. and what about postmodern judaism? that s another story, one that the los angeles times waded into the other day with a strange, yet compelling story that ran under a headline straight out of an up-to-day religious studies classroom: bible, yoga and youtube: all part of jewish identity. reporter ari b. bloomekatz opens with a shot of orthodoxy, a dash of yoga and a wallop of israeli politics. clearly, judaism is a religious, cultural and personal thing. who s to draw lines or judge? don t say, god. the sessions, part of the second annual limmudla conference, brought more than 700 jews together over the weekend to learn from each other and from their sacred texts. the idea behind limmud a hebrew word that means learning is to break down barriers that often divide jews of different religious affiliations. the goal was to get people to own their own jewish experience in the context of building a jewish community where everyone comes together regardless of their denominations, said shep rosenman, an entertainment lawyer who founded limmudla and is a co-chair of this year s event. the vehicle we use is jewish learning, but not only classic bible study. the approach resonated with ida unger, a yoga instructor from tujunga who led one of the morning classes. there s a diversity of spiritual practice within modern judaism, and coming here to this conference, it s an opportunity to get a taste of many, many different things, unger said. some of this may sound familiar, to those of you who read a certain jewish writer on the op-ed pages of the new york times. this visit into la judaism sounds quite a bit like a term from the book bobos in paradise by david brooks a rare work of cultural commentary that is also laugh-out-loud funny . here s a bite from a column i did for scripps howard that introduces the term that jumped into my mind as i read the bloomekatz piece: it was a rabbi in montana who gave brooks the perfect word flexidoxy to describe this faith. this is what happens when americans try to baptize their souls in freedom and tradition, radical individualism and orthodoxy, all at the same time. one scholar found a methodist pastor s daughter who calls herself a methodist taoist native american quaker russian orthodox buddhist jew. it doesn t make any sense, but it looks good and feels right. and that s the key to the hearts of the intellectuals, artists, politicians and entrepreneurs who came to power after the 1960s. when it comes to the culture wars, they are lovers, not fighters. thus, i found it interesting that the los angeles times piece didn t include any jewish voices right or left that were uncomfortable with the limmudla approach. at the same time, it s clear that the doctrinal differences are right there up front in this conference, with the only question being whether people are truly allowed to agree to disagree. there is that god thing, after all. still, you have to love this kind of detail. most of the conference sessions were rooted in jewish traditions with modern adaptations and messages. at a session titled what inspires me: musicians, brooklyn folk-rock singer michelle citrin played guitar and sang a song called someday. citrin, who has earned a measure of fame as rosh hashanah girl for her youtube videos i gotta love you rosh hashanah and things to do with matzah, said the song was influenced by a famous saying from the talmudic sage hillel. the chorus goes: someday i m gonna make it happen, but if not now, then when. citrin said her purpose is to make this ancient wisdom accessible. you cannot make this up. so i ll ask the obvious question. is this cjm, contemporary jewish music ? watch the rosh hashanah video up on top of this post and make sure you get to the sort-of-rap part.
__label__non_math	1.0000	here is today s blog prompt your mfa won t open doors of opportunity because there is very little opportunity for an inexperienced artist, and the little there is will be competed for by 100s of other optimistic hopefuls. all the teaching jobs are taken. you may find a part time gig here and there, but you will need another job to pay the bills and you won t have time to make art. it will be years before the tenured profs will leave their spot if someone asks you, what do you do? and you say, i am an artist, they will look at you with a blank expression and glazed over eyes, if they are trying to be polite that is. if you were me, you could find yourself with a boyfriend at some point in time who claims you love art more than he which may be true and proceeds to tell you what real art is. you will have to work harder and be more organized than an engineer, but nobody will believe it, and will ask about your back up plan, ie, when will you get a real job. you will need a back up plan. your professor was serious when he told you to marry a rich man. people, charities and organizations, will constantly solicit you for art donations. they want free stuff, but would never dream of asking a plumber for his her free skill. on average, it will be about ten years before a reputable gallery will give you a solo show, if that ever happens. you may end up digging ditches so you can paint on the weekends. you won t survive on pure talent . you will have to smooze and network and socialize, because, a lot of it, is who you know. and, this should be done before thirty years old, because galleries are always looking for fresh, new blood. you won t be wearing versace, or gucci or poochie or valentino internet. if you are as old as i am, you did your term papers in college on a type writer. you will have to learn how to work a computer, long after you graduate. the internet has taken the lock hold from galleries and museums and made it possible for artists to put their art careers in their own hands . your sister will tell you, you have already played the tortured artist, now what are you going to do? just to torture you a little bit more :b you may find yourself asking yourself, shall i buy art supplies or health insurance? you may find yourself making doodads like this to sell for a few extra bucks: the list is more than ten, but i believe there is more, can you add to the list my artist friend? -when you show your mil your published work she says that s nice. -when you show your husband your work, he holds it upside down to look at it. -people who aren t willing to do the work try and pump you for access your contacts and connections and then once they re finished with you, piss off into the wind. -endless random people will try and get you to put ad space for their product, religion, etc. on your art blog. -there will always be someone you thought was your friend, who becomes uncomfortably jealous of you and in the end stabs you in the back. that said, i revert to this posted earlier in the year: i claim independence from negative thoughts and self-criticism and the need to compare myself to others instead of focusing on how to be the best at what i do. i claim independence from the judgments of others. i will not be diminished by those who seek to make me feel small or limit my ability to truly shine. i claim independence from the unyielding desire for the approval of others at a cost to my personal well-being and sense of purpose.. i claim independence from the fear and doubt that keeps me from creating my most beautiful and most powerful work. i claim independence from a life of struggle and difficulty. instead, i choose optimism, success, and possibility.
__label__non_math	1.0000	i love feeling well, experiencing great vitality, passion and purpose for my life after many years of fitness, wellness, spiritual, and holistic education, i received my formal health coach training from the institute for integrative nutrition, where i was introduced to more than one hundred dietary theories and studied a variety of practical lifestyle coaching methods. drawing on this knowledge, i will help you create a completely personalized roadmap to health that suits your unique body, lifestyle, preferences, and goals. i believe that a balanced lifestyle can be yours with good nutrition, exercise, meditation, and other healthy practices. if we do not attend to our needs and growth, the "lessons" we need to learn will continue to present themselves to us. schedule a free initial breakthrough session with me today read more on my website, annfraser.com.
__label__non_math	0.9190	bb always says "wins aren't as good as they look, and losses aren't as bad." taking that a bit further, spending about minutes on these forums, it is so easy for the "under educated" to jump to the conclusion that the patriots are little more then "a great offense and a ty defense". well, i actually looked at a few comparative stats and have come to the conclusion that bb is right- "this offense isn't nearly as good as we think, and this defense isn't nearly as bad as we think. i back up my claim with some facts from the chff site which is great at pointing to stats that matter. for those not familiar, they have something called quality stats. they are called that because, they correlate directly to wins losses. to huge ones are bendability defense and scoreability offense . what those measure are efficiency in offense and stinginess on defense. it's a combination of yds allowed gained and points scored. for bendability defense , it measures how many yds your defenses make opposing offense go before scoring a point. obviously a team with a real low number is a sieve, because they allow more pts per yard earned. the higher the number, the stingier a defense is because offenses have "go further" for every point. you get the idea. conversely, scoreability measures offensive efficiency by determining how far your offense has to go for every point scored. low numbers are good they score lots and quickly . higher numbers means your offense is working to hard to earn points and your probably leaving points on the field. last year until playoff , we'll all agree that we had the best team, record and performance wise in the nfl. of course, we also were very highly ranked in the league for both bendability 4th w .yds per pt and scoreability 1st with .ids per pt . we scored early and often and our d generally made you earn your score. for this exercise, i looked at where were last year after games for both these figures and sure enough, it tells me exactly what i remember. offense was good and defense was a work in progress. we basically watched them mature every week until they were pretty good by the end. we all know this d will likely improve as well. after three games last year we were also at -, and we had a bendability of .yds for every point scored against us. considering where we ended .yds pt , you can see just how well we improved. for scoreability, we were at .yds for every point we scored which is pretty good and we only got a marginally better through the year .yds pt at the end now, after three weeks this year. where we at? been fun to watch all those yards, but have we been efficient? so far we are averaging 540.yds game and only scoring .points. that's a scoreability rating of .yards per point scored, which is significantly more then last year at this point. we haven't been nearly as efficient at scoring points. sure, yards are great, but if you drive yards then throw an interception, you've done nothing. granted, the picks this year has a lot to do with our current rating, but hey, they are part of the package. we have to do a much better job on offense scoring points in an efficient manner to lower that number down into the -yds pt range. this number will improve as we take better care of the ball going forward. last year, we started out rough and got better as we went judging by the numbers above, and this year .. we didn't start of nearly as bad as we did last year. right now, we're allowing 468 yds offense and .points per game. we're making offenses drive .yards for every point they get. sure, our safeties can't cover a fire hydrant, but when it matters, we're either making a stop, int, or allowing a fg instead of td, at least up this this point compared to last year. i expect, as we improve defensively, this number will rise and we'll end up being being one of the stingier defenses as far as making teams earn their points. we certainly are ahead of where were at this point last year. now, i know there are lots of facts and figures that people will throw out how the above analysis is wrong or flawed thinking. but, when it comes right down to it .. bb is still right . this offense isn't nearly as good efficient as we think, and this defense isn't nearly as bad as we think . at least compared to last year's d, which turned out to be pretty good . i think we're gonna end up fine as the defense matures, and our offense settles down a bit an isn't so reckless with the rock and we balance in some more running. let's settle back and enjoy the season a bit.
__label__non_math	0.9978	it has to be said: i hate new york. not any of the teams, per se, but new york or, better stated, the "idea" of new york. it's an irrational hatred, i know, and one i fully expect to be reciprocal. it's different than the dislike i have for indy and its fans; they simply won't accept the fact that statistics aren't the only measure of a great quarterback. oh well, back to ny. i firmly believe it has a lot to do with two geographically close, major market, east coast cities vying for superiority. as far as football, there have been many back and forths to get the blood going. the most prominent, in my opinion, was bill parcells' crowning of belichick as head coach of the jets and belichick's subsequent resignation to take the hc job in new england. oh, and let's not forget eric mangini's less than popular departure to the jets; compare and contrast mangini's departure with mcd's and i think you'll get the picture. it's an irrational hatred, one borne of geographic closeness, the same division, and the fact that they don't know how to make a decent cup of chowdah it's criminal to put tomatoes in chowdah . anyway, in order to prepare for our upcoming matchup with the jets, i thought i'd give you some thoughts on their recent matchup against the texans. i was down on mark sanchez after he was drafted. i thought new york would barely sniff a .500 season with a rookie at the helm. but if one game is any indication of how their season will play out, afc east rivals have a long year ahead of them; this division has just gotten stronger. after sanchez settled down this past sunday, he looked dang good. throwing and 272 yards, sanchez had td and interception. offensively, the rushing attack was the key to this win with rbs thomas jones and leon washington accounting for two touchdowns and 107 and yards respectively. as good as the offense was, that's not the real story. just take a look at nfl.com's statistical leaders by team. when was the last time you saw the jets in any of those categories, let alone all three defensive sections? oh, and second in total defense. the key? as much of a loudmouth as rex ryan is, he's no defensive slouch. rex knows d and he knows how to bring the house. and that's exactly what he did against houston's matt schaub. schaub simply couldn't get his receivers to the tune of no td's. heck, houston never made it to the red zone belichick has already said new york will bring the house. the difference is matt schaub vs. tom brady. with the emergence of benjamin watson as a viable threat, brady has a lot of weapons at his disposal. i wouldn't be surprised to see brady eat fertilizer at least twice, but rex and co. better not forget about checkdown threats kevin faulk and wes welker. ryan's blitzes may take away the long ball, but you can never forget about those two.
__label__non_math	1.0000	our collection of elegant men's dress shirts are the perfect basis for any business wardrobe. paul fredrick offers a wide selection of styles, including european styling, pinpoint oxford fabric, and french cuff dress shirts. choose from traditional men's white dress shirts for a timeless business look, or colorful, modern styles for a more updated feel. all paul fredrick dress shirts are tailored in our luxurious shirting fabrics and are guaranteed to fit you perfectly. if it doesn't fit, exchange it for free.
__label__non_math	0.9994	earlier this month, team clearleft headed up to london for a day of design related exhibitions: bauhaus: art as life at the barbican and after a ride across the city on a boris bike british design and heatherwick studio: designing the extraordinary at the v a. articles tagged sxsw once again, i m in austin for sxsw interactive; the forth time i ve attended an event i find easy to disparage. yet this is the first stop on a trip that will take in several hundred miles of interstate highway between here and san francisco; two points of familiarity on an itinerary that promises to be anything but predictable. this years sxsw interactive saw ,041 sessions presented by ,648 speakers, growing to such extent that its size now rivals that of the more popular music festival. yet bigger doesn t necessarily mean better. i ve decided to attend next years sxsw interactive festival followed by a tour of north america. the details of where i ll be visiting and for how long remain undecided, but i imagine my itinerary will be varied and involve much travelling by train. once again, i feel the duty falls upon me to remind those attending this year s sxsw festival in austin, that you really need not pick up that big, heavy, cumbersome and frankly useless bag of marketing junk. friday saw the start of this years sxsw interactive, film and music festivals in austin texas, and once again they highlight the scourge of swag: the stuff we all get that soon becomes the stuff we don t want. on monday evening i took the plunge and made my debut speaking engagement at the 20x2 event at sxsw. before leaving for the airport, i sat in an isolated part of the convention center and felt a huge part of me not wanting to leave. i have been to a few conferences now, but sxsw is a stand out favourite. just a quick post at in the morning as i can t sleep due to anxiety about this evenings 20x2 performance. in just under a months time i will be turning my trousers brown before placing myself upon a small stage and speaking for just minutes at 20x2, a small event that takes place during sxsw.
__label__non_math	0.9969	state animal: california grizzly bear as human beings we are the stewards of this planet. unfortunately ignorance of our assigned responsibilities is too prevalent. if you want a pet rescue one. you will have taught your children compassion and devotion. if you see the hunting of any wild species loudly condemn it, choose at least one specie in need of protection and donate to it. a dollar, five dollars it's not going to make much difference in your life. put the cookies back on the shelf and donate those four bucks to something worthy. if we all did that many creatures would have the protection they sorely need. this is part of my creed please make it part of yours. children learn what they live. my son willingly rescued a dog from the shelter that had a broken leg that had set and with his money and the donations from others who cared he was able to raise enough money to do the necessary surgery. yes, the dog remains lame but suffers no further pain. he is much loved. he has come home. i am from ma now living in tn. i have never seen such abuse of animals ever did anyone see the dog stay by its owner in the freezing lake, which saved the mans life? or has anyone seen the dog that will not leave the church where his owner mistress was laid to rest? and you can tell the body language of the dog, that its depressed, sad and lost without her. doesn't that tell anyone that animals are much like us humans? or the countless animals that bring love and happiness to families and now large companies? life is meant to be lived with love in your heart regardless if it's an a person or animal. animal abuse is when a person or persons knowingly do harm to an animal for fun, capital gain, or to take out their own mental frustrations on innocent creatures. animals have been watching humans since human first walked the earth and have feelings like love too i tried to respond to jim but it posted many times now let me see mr.goodie...how many children do you have that are using the planet's resources and eating meat which requires killing animals did you do your part to stem the tide ?? well?? everybody wants to complain but nobody wants to cut down on the population it cannot keep doubling forever or did you think it is all ok ?? all those lovely kids want pets too oh i've seen a lot of excellent posts and must concur with most of them. i'm an animal lover, and really hate to see people abusing any cat dog or other type of domesticated animal.nature has provided a way for wild animals to survive although to us it seems somewhat cruel the way some of them have to die. but, i guess, just like in over populations problems of people, there has to be a limitation, and so nature has not given all animals a way to protect themselves such as humans have done.thank you all for good posts.jim i treat all my pets very good. the fact is though animals in the natural world always die a cruel terrible death usually by slowly being eaten alive by other wild animals humans are the least cruel of all animals when we kill for food it is much faster as a rule.if i was a deer i would much prefer a hunter's bullet to having my hind quarters torn away and eaten while i was still alive by a pack of hungry wolves or coyotes. lets face it animals in the wild natural world have no good way to die.. i wish my state was ranked higher than , but at least fl isn't the worst. i can't stand people that abuse animals. what kind of a sick mind can carry out such acts? does it make them feel like they are more powerful, since they can harm an animal? that's just sick. humans are responsible for taking care of animals. just as we should take care of those less strong than we are personally, the same applies for the animals. if you don't have the kindness in your heart to take care of your fellow man and take care of the animals, you are in desperate need to mental health treatment you sound like a great person and anyone around you animal or human is lucky. god bless blue states where convicted murders get more protection than third trimester children in the womb. seems like red and blue states to me.
__label__non_math	1.0000	in the meantime, check out our research center. looks like your email already exists in our database. please log in here. you are already logged in. college salary report which school or major will maximize your post-graduation earnings? payscale's college salary report lets you review more than ,000 schools and 130 majors to help you answer that question. use it to narrow your search for the best college for you.
__label__non_math	1.0000	cleo loves to visit the folks at manzanita manor. every week for the past two years, accompanied by her owner jim ritchey, she walks through the door and immediately word spreads down the halls, "cleo is here". many want to be up and ready to visit with her. for others, cleo appears at their bedside. cleo is certified as a therapy dog through delta society, an international organization which instructs, certifies and provides liability insurance for therapy dogs. the delta partner program consists of three parts: orientation, workshop and evaluation. the evaluation aims to insure that the dog handler teams are controlled, predictable and suitable for visiting a wide variety of people. upon passing the testing, the team registers to become delta pet partners. im and cleo have a business card stating their credentials as well as a badge which they wear when visiting a facility. cleo stands quietly beside the bed of noma white. although she normally likes to be sitting in her chair when cleo visits, she fell recently and did not feel like getting up. she did want to visit though, as she just knows that she is cleo's favorite. she particularly likes the feel of cleo's velvety soft ears. while petting cleo, noma talks about her fall, her love of dogs and her memories. although in pain because of injuries from her fall, as she rubs cleo's ears, a smile appears on her face, tension fades and she relaxes. some of the pain is forgotten for a while. down the hall, patty rinehart waits for cleo. tears come to her eyes when she talks of her own dog, mandy, a cocker spaniel who was placed with a payson family when rinehart moved into manzanita manor. she misses mandy terribly and worries about her. she enjoys the opportunity to wrap her arms around cleo and give her hugs and kisses. and she loves visiting with jim about dogs and other subjects which might come up. scottie justice, administrator of manzanita manor, knows how important these pet visits are to the residents. "these people love dogs and cats," she said. "they had them in their homes when they came here. they miss them and worry about them. they worry whether they are being fed and properly cared for" the residents love the opportunity to talk about the pets they left behind and about the pets they have had throughout their lives. cleo is so very gentle. a rottweiler, she was obedience trained by jim starting as a puppy. he taught her to heel, sit, stay and lie down. jim also regularly took her to shopping centers where she would become accustomed to the noise, activity and all the people coming and going. many would ask to pet her. kids would hug her and want to take her home.jim felt that cleo would make a wonderful therapy dog and decided to go through the steps necessary to get her certified. he had to attend a two-day orientation in the valley. there were eight teams in the class with jim and cleo. only three teams passed the minute test. cleo was months old. every two years, they must renew their certification which requires a vet health check and a new picture. "these pet visits are really good for the residents," justice said. "it brightens up their day." the dogs also love the visits, the attention, hugs and ear rubs. there are at least three organizations that certify pets for pet therapy. some tend to be more popular in certain parts of the country. delta has probably the strictest requirements. for more information about pet therapy, search the internet under pet therapy. contact me if you are interested in getting your pet certified. incidentally, some time ago, i wrote about the need of foster homes for the pets of women in the time out shelter. there is a need right now to foster a small dog. please think about this great service and give me a call if you could help, 928 476-. thank you very much. christy wrather is a columnist for the payson roundup. she can be reached by e-mail at email or by snail mail at hc1 box 210, strawberry, az .
__label__non_math	0.9976	tuesday, april , was earth day. i did my part by grocery shopping with cloth and paper bags and i would not accept any plastic. i personally will be ecstatic if there was a ban on all plastic bags. i see them everywhere, including in the creek, on the side of the road, and in the trees along the highway. it is especially depressing to see that tonto creek has been dirtied up already by the anglers with dirty diapers, beer cans, water bottles, empty jars of bait, the wrappings of fish hooks, and of course, plastic bags. we wish that the people who visit our beautiful mountain community, would have more respect for the forest. these plastic bags are manufactured with petroleum byproducts and are not biodegradable. not only are they an eye-sore from littering, now the price of anything using petroleum products is outrageously high. as you can see, i am turning green. my husband tells me that it is ok, it brings the irish out in the family. readers, try to do your part in recycling everything that you can. bring those plastic bags to the grocery stores' recycling bins, recycle your newspapers, magazines and cardboard, donate your aluminum cans to the humane society. they have a huge bin to handle the cans, crush them first, please. tuesday was also a personal day for my husband and me. , and , i gave birth to our two oldest daughters. they are exactly two years and one minute apart. with such a coincidence, we truly thought that we would have a duplicate pair. they are as different as night and day. they always shared a bedroom, and just by looking at the room, you could tell which side was whose. one daughter was not neat and the other one obsessively so. there were a number of battles in the following years, but they have remained close, even though they no longer spend their birthdays together on most occasions, but do get together for a lunch date. happy birthday, joanne and eileen double d happenings the chili cook-off on april was a great success. there were seven entries in all. steve and danette anderson of tonto village won first place. tonto village ii resident payge ferriera won second place. mel minis from mead ranch won third place. pool games were going strong with the ladies nine-ball tournament this past tuesday evening. kara shaw, margaret stasney and patty boeschling from christopher creek were the top winners. sunday afternoon, the tables were taken over by the eight-ball players. the winners were cliff landrum, ethel cain and harvey poyner. ethel cain and betty koutz are planning a free arts and crafts event with live music on may . the event will happen on "the island" directly across from the double d from a.m. to p.m. that same day, from to a.m., the hellsgate fireflies will host a full breakfast at the tonto village chapel. biscuits and gravy, scrambled eggs, juice and coffee costs . chorizo burritos cost . mark your calendars for may , starting at a.m. for breakfast and continue on over to the arts and crafts displays and listen to some fine music.
__label__non_math	0.9998	coach mike conway swells with pride as he recalls his team s recently completed championship season. we had a lot of kids that were standouts, he says. it was a great group, they all contributed, every one of them. as one of the coaches of the payson bears, along with jason bland, jeremy ricke and slade gibson, conway helped lead the team to a -record and the northern arizona youth football league junior division third-fourth grades championship. the divisional championship was the second successive for the bears. however, last year the team won the crown while participating in the central arizona youth football association. last spring, payson moved its youth league teams out of cayfa into the white mountains-based nayfl. the bears nailed down the prestigious gridiron title nov. in snowflake with a pulsating -win over the winslow bulldogs. the win was more than a bit of revenge for family ursidae because the dogs had muzzled payson, -, during the regular season. but we were without two of our key players, conway said. the pair of missing team members were quarterback clayton randall and middle linebacker sammy bland. following the first payson vs. winslow clash, gibson predicted that once randall and bland returned to the team, the bears would be the superior team. we knew with those two boys back, it would be different when we met again, he said. his prediction was on target in the championship showdown, randall dominated the game, rushing for two touchdowns, one of which was a -yard scamper. he was the difference in the game, coach conway said. sammy bland contributed by helping plug the tackle-to-tackle gaps, as did teammate jesse conway. in the second half we moved jesse to nose guard where he created havoc for the winslow coaching staff, gibson said. the win marked the culmination of payson s inaugural year in nafyl. payson youth football league president daniel way is calling the past season an overwhelming success. he says all six local teams earned playoff berths and two of the teams, the minor raiders and bears reached playoff bowl games. the minor raiders finished second, falling to show low in its bowl game. coach billy hardt s middle school-aged senior raiders competed in a verde valley-based league and are still in the playoffs that will wrap up nov. in cottonwood. way says he would like to thank everyone who gave of their time this year and all the great youths who played. bear team members were wyatt taylor, cody moore, tannger gibson, shad sayer, kelton turney, aidron moore, tyler bowman, matt minard, kolten ricke, trenton cline, tim mccarty, eric coppernoll, david pasquini, emma nelson, bland, conway and randall.
__label__non_math	0.9880	jump to content teresa mcquerrey photo bob yountz has been tying flies and rebuilding and constructingfishing rods for years. he was introduced to fly tying andrefurbishing poles at the age of , by his uncle. use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. posting comments requires a free account
__label__non_math	1.0000	types of service pbgc procures - accounting services - actuarial services - auditing services - benefits administration services - legal services - information technology it services pbgc utilizes various types of contract vehicles outlined in the federal acquisition regulation far . types of contract vehicles include: - orders against other government contracts ie: gsa schedule orders, government-wide acquisition contract gwac orders - purchase orders - commercial contracts - agreements ie: blanket purchase agreement bpa , blanket ordering agreement boa , interagency agreement - major contracts ie: firm-fixed price, cost-reimbursement, labor hour requests for proposals rfps and requests for quotes rfqs to find specific listings of the business opportunities pbgc offers, visit the fedbizopps' website. at that site, scroll down until you see the links for pbgc. these links will allow you to: - view synopses and solicitations grouped by posted date or classification code; - view recent awards; and - get e-mail updates on presolicitation and post-award notices and their amendments; notices of solicitation and solicitation amendment releases; and general procurement announcements. opportunities for small businesses pbgc is committed to ensuring that small businesses receive a fair share of pbgc procurement awards and subcontracting opportunities. pbgc's small business program: - recommends small business set-asides to pbgc's procurement officials. - advises small businesses on pbgc procurements and related matters. - assists in the development of acquisition strategies to maximize small business participation. - works with the small business administration on matters pertaining to small businesses.
__label__non_math	0.9536	re: last rites considered harmful scott turner firstname.lastname tue, sep : - in message you write: the problem would seem to be that there is no way to protect from lr being performed on a noble you wish to resurrect. is this a only if you have enemies. of course, if you have dead nobles, you probably have enemies :- . -- scott t.
__label__non_math	0.9980	by pbn staff providence gasoline prices rose cents in rhode island to .per gallon, the first weekly increase since oct. , aaa southern new england said monday. the cost of self-serve, unleaded regular averaged .per gallon in the ocean state up cents from last week, but down cents over the last month according to the trade group s weekly survey of rhode island s pump prices. rhode island s price is cents greater than the .national average for a gallon of self-pump, regular unleaded. aaa recommended drivers shop around for the best deal, as prices ranged cents from .for a gallon of unleaded regular. this week, pump prices varied from .for premium unleaded and .for a gallon of regular unleaded. gas prices in massachusetts rose cents this week to .per gallon of self-serve unleaded, cents above the national average, according to aaa. bay state gas prices ranged from .for premium and .for diesel. pump prices in the bay state have dropped cents over the past month. a year ago at this time, the massachusetts average price for a gallon of regular unleaded gas was .. the average nationwide cost for self-serve, regular gasoline rose cent this week to .on april .
__label__non_math	0.9979	by pbn staff providence gasoline prices in rhode island dropped another cent this week, marking the seventh consecutive week of decline, according to aaa southern new england. the cost of self-serve, unleaded regular averaged .per gallon in the ocean state down cent from last week and cents over the last month according to the trade group s weekly survey of rhode island s pump prices. rhode island s price is cents greater than the .national average for a gallon of self-pump, regular unleaded. this week, pump prices ranged from .for premium unleaded and .for a gallon of regular unleaded. gas prices in massachusetts fell cents this week to .per gallon of self-serve unleaded after dropping cents the previous week, according to aaa. bay state gas prices ranged from .for premium and .for diesel. pump prices in the bay state have dropped cents over the past month. a year ago at this time, the massachusetts average price for a gallon of regular unleaded gas was .. according to the aaa website, the average nationwide cost for regular gasoline fell three-tenths of a cent to .on april .
__label__non_math	1.0000	by patrick anderson pbn staff writer providence vision architects has been chosen as the reality winner in the armstrong world industries ideas reality design competition for their design of the new navinet corporate offices in boston. the design was chosen as in the commercial ceiling and wall systems category out of 140 projects submitted in the competition from firms throughout the country. the reality winner is for a project that has been built and armstrong also chose an idea winner for a project that has not be built. the new navinet offices occupy ,000 square feet in three floors in a historic building in boston's leather district. the design combined historic elements of the building with modern features, colors, textures and finishes. the design allows for lines of sight to the outdoors from virtually all areas of the open office space and defines traffic areas with ceiling components comprised of wood, metal, and lighting details. those details are strategically repeated throughout the space to create a cohesive design, vision3 said in a release announcing the award.
__label__non_math	0.9993	i just got my new nt and everything was going fine. well today i after i chrono'd it at 285-292 it seemed fine. about minutes later when i turned my air back on and was ready to play the gun wouldn't fire. i had battery and the bolt was working just no air being picked up. i raised the velocity a bit and it then worked fine. by the end of the day i was unable to use it because it would not register air at the highest velocity. i use a ninja and the player with me took the red shim out because he had a similiar problem with it. any ideas other than calling dye? i wouldnt recommend raising the hyper pressure to the highest output, usually something else could be wrong and you dont want it to suddenly work at a high velocity going to the noid. do you know if the asa is the updated one? or maybe try and new one and see what happens?
__label__non_math	0.9961	-- all prices are obo unless otherwise stated. -- trades are welcome. -- wants: v2 creed, barrel case, v3 rotor, will package multiple items and possibly cash for some highends g6r, ego . -- some of my prices are high, mostly because some stuff i'll only part with on a great offer. i'll try to be up front about that stuff, but everything is obo. -- there are a few items that are incomplete. i am willing to complete them before sending if preferred. -- more pics available if needed, pm for phone or email. -- will ship as cheap as possible unless contacted and a deal is worked out for different shipping. -- you cover shipping paypal fees unless otherwise discussed. enough of that, here's the stuff: xl red dye jersey obo worn once, like new. l planet eclipse pants obo no rips, slight staining planet eclipse gearbag obo mildly dirty, no rips, overall in great shape. empire 68ci tank cover obo in great shape. nxe 45ci tank cover obo two loaders each in rough shape, but fully functional. ninja grey ghost obo in great shape, no scratches. nxe 3x4 i believe pod pack obo slight staining, functionally
__label__non_math	0.9980	just installed a blackheart board breach kit from punisherspb. i guess the qev's are not included now. the back screw from the board and washer type o-ring need to be re-used from the stock board. still shoots pretty well at 15bps. used some year old paint with no breaks in 500 shots. "originally posted by dr.strangelove: sell it cheap to someone who can read the manual, and buy a tippmann. win-win." a1 magno project selling soon
__label__non_math	0.9977	jim lehrer: now, i promise you this wasn't a setup, as we go now to the analysis of shields and brooks, syndicated columnist mark shields, and that new york times columnist, david brooks. david, what did you think of the governor's answer? david brooks: well, he hasn't decided, clearly. he described it as throwing himself off a cliff. that may not be the most attractive prospect. but i would say, you know, i think what the country needs and what the republican party needs is someone who has demonstrated management capacity. and the governor really has done that, not only cutting dealt, but also improving the services, being very detailed-oriented. and he really could -- it would be a wonderful campaign with him and president obama, because both of them know the subject matter very well. they have philosophical differences. it would be a superb campaign if they ran against each other. jim lehrer: do you have an opinion about gov. daniels? mark shields: i have known gov. daniels for years. and i have liked him for years. and i don't -- i'm not in the business of urging people to run for president. i try and cover them fairly if they do. jim lehrer: ok. but -- so, what do you make of what he said about -- i mean, do you think he's going to run? i mean, you're a pundit. come on. mark shields: yes. no, i think, from private conversations with him, i think it's a very personal decision, and he's a long way from heading in that direction. jim lehrer: all right. let's move from the personal to the issue, the issue of public employees. did you pick up any new insights or see any light in the conversation between gov. schweitzer and gov. daniels... mark shields: well, i did, i mean, in the sense -- i have heard gov. daniels before. and his positions have been well-covered, gov. schweitzer not so. and i thought he made a very positive case for the public employees' collective bargaining. the reality is this. i mean, my good friends, david included, say that, well, unions are great in the private sector, because you have these powerful, rich, greedy bosses, and so workers have to get -- they didn't say that when there were percent of the work force was unionized. they say it now when they're percent, and they're sort of defanged and powerless. but for -- somehow, collective bargaining should not extend to people who are nurses or psychiatric social workers or janitors or teachers who work in public, i happen to believe that all workers are entitled to collective bargaining, to -- for a just wage, to healthy working conditions, to a place that preserves their moral integrity in the workplace, to insurance, and pension. and the only way you get that, we don't -- we don't have employers who are spontaneously generous. we haven't had them historically. there have been exceptions. but, i mean, the only reason we have a five-day workweek, the only reason we have an eight-hour workday, the only reason we have a minimum wage law and child labor laws and pension funds is because of labor unions' clout and skill. there was a -- there was -- there were norman thomases and jane addams and the people who pushed it. and i -- so, i happen to believe fervently that unions are flawed institutions with imperfect people running them, not unlike businesses, not unlike public television, not unlike government. jim lehrer: watch it. watch it. mark shields: but i do believe they are absolutely necessary to the well-being of our society. jim lehrer: what are your most basic beliefs about that? david brooks: i mean, unions have a right to organize -- and i'm specifically talking about public sector unions -- a right to organize, and they have a right to ask. and if there's a gov. schweitzer who is going to say, no, we can't afford that, then that's fine. that's not a problem, or if it's in indiana, where you have a governor who is concentrating on the budget. but the fact is, in most states in this country, in, say, states, and ruinously in or , arrangements have been made which are simply unsustainable, where politicians year after year said, well, we can't really afford your salary increase, but don't worry, you're going to get a great pension. and if you do that decade after decade, then, finally, the bill comes due. and it's coming due in all these states. and part of the problem is just we had weak political leaders who wouldn't say no when they had to say no and who threw problems now on us. but i think part of the problem was structural. i think, when a private sector union negotiates, they know their company can go out of business if they ask too much. that's not the state with a state monopoly. when the private sector negotiates, a private sector union, the management has an incentive to say no. here, the management has much less incentive. most importantly, the public sector unions have a chance to help select the people they're negotiating with through their campaign donations. and, so, they get to ask what they want. i perfectly understand that. but when it's slightly off-balance, then you get what you have got in or states, fiscally unsustainable situations. so, i think i'm not totally in agreement with what scott walker is trying to do, which i think is way too polarizing, but i do think the balance has to shift a little. jim lehrer: to both of you, regardless of what your position is -- let's start with you, david -- do you think this is a watershed moment on this issue that has just risen kind of because of the debt, particularly at the state level, that this -- that, otherwise, we wouldn't be talking about this; nobody would be? david brooks: right. this is a watershed issue in our social contract, in what we expect from government and what government can forward. and for the next years, government is not going to be able to afford what it has afforded. and we have to change that. and one of my problems, by the way, with scott walker is this is going to take decades to unwind. and if you start on day one with a hyper-confrontational posture, then you're not going to get democrats helping you on day , when you're going to need their help to take other budget measures. so, i'd much rather see a much more collaborative process, where the unions did concede a few things. maybe they could concede a few more, like the automatic withdrawal of the union funds, which the government now does. but don't force it into an all-or-nothing matter of honor. mark shields: there are nine states where there's no collective bargaining at all, none. they have a higher indebtedness than the states who have collective bargaining, ok? david brooks: right. that's right. mark shields: ok? so, it isn't the collective bargaining, it isn't the unions who forced us... jim lehrer: it's not necessarily a and then b? mark shields: no. jim lehrer: ok. mark shields: scott walker got elected. he's an anti-union guy. i mean, mitch daniels just told us about his own record of abolishing collective bargaining in indiana. he got reelected. i mean, so it's not simply a one-way route to achievement. and i think what we're really -- it's -- your question, is it a watershed moment? jim lehrer: yes. mark shields: it is a watershed moment. there's no question about it. organized labor and the g.i. bill were the bookends of the middle-class prosperity of post-world war ii america. america exploded economically. but the only reason that pie was divided was because american veterans returning had a chance to educate themselves like no generation had before and to participate and secure the american dream. and the only reason wages rose is because one-third of the work force was organized, and they secured those higher wages and the ripple effect across our economy. it is no accident, jim, since , since unions have been in full retreat in this country, from to , the median income of the male american worker has dropped by percent. david brooks: no, this is... mark shields: no. david brooks: you have got rubber rooms in new york where they can't fire terrible teachers because of union rules. you've got schools where you can't -- you get rid of all the really good young teachers because of these rules. you have got california prison workers who are retiring at age with -a-year pensions. it's this -- i'm not against unions, but when things get out of whack, when you have got these sorts of rigidities and unsustainable costs, then you have to adjust it. and i'm not saying you have to bust it the way it's being tried, but it has to be adjusted. jim lehrer: speaking of busting things, do you think that -- there's a lot of talk now that the senate democrats and the house republicans are going to make a deal for this continuing resolution by friday. do you think that's going to happen and void a shutdown at least? mark shields: i think both sides want to avoid a shutdown. i think that john boehner understands, both -- his temperament is he's a negotiator. he's a legislator. he wants to get things done. he saw what happened to newt gingrich in when it did close down and it became -- he became the personalized face of government closing down... jim lehrer: but do you smell a deal here? mark shields: i do, i think -- i think at least a two-week deal. jim lehrer: a two-week deal. mark shields: i think that's... jim lehrer: but then it could come up again. mark shields: he still -- i mean, he wants to negotiate. he still has a caucus. the republicans had a rule that they didn't bring anything to the floor that didn't get a majority of the majority. that was the rule all the way through the denny hastert years, when he was speaker of the house. and that is that you have to get a majority of your own side. that's where john boehner is going to face a problem, is being sure that he can secure that. i don't think -- i don't think there's anybody on his side right now in a leadership position who says, let's close down the government, and we will pin it on barack obama. and the president has made every effort, i think, since the election to reach out, to offer sort of the olive branch to the other side. jim lehrer: what do you think is going to happen? or what do you see? yes. david brooks: i more or less agree with mark. jim lehrer: yes. yes. david brooks: i spoke to eric cantor, the number-two republican, just before the program, and he said, not only do they think they will get this two-week deal, but they feel good -- there are good vibrations in the senate that the senate is -- which is a democratic-controlled body -- is moving also in the direction of some deficit reduction. and, so at least for this, the next few weeks... jim lehrer: there would be a billion -- right? david brooks: right. right. jim lehrer: they would agree to a billion cut in -- for two weeks, right? david brooks: right. and a lot of the cuts that are being proposed in this initial thing are things some of the democrats want anyway. and so it's an easier deal. now, then, the bigger problem is the next deal after you get over this period. mark shields: yes. david brooks: and, there, they're obviously less certain, and i would say probably a little less certain about where their own members are. but i strongly get the sense that the leadership and even some of the freshmen, as long as they're moving in the right direction, they will consider it a job well done. jim lehrer: new subject: libya. the president has caught some heat because he's been accused of reacting slowly to what's been going on in libya and gadhafi, et cetera. david brooks: right. jim lehrer: does he deserve criticism? david brooks: i think they have been slow on this one, too, and especially with the atrocities. i don't think there's any profit in being nuanced about this. and people are beginning to talk about sanctions now. jim lehrer: yes. david brooks: we're embracing that, but even -- some people are also talking about no-fly zones. i don't think anybody particularly wants to send troops there, but no-fly zones, maybe recognizing the opposition, something more aggressive. when you have got an atrocity of this nature, it's going to ratchet up demands for just a pure, simple position: we're against the tyranny. jim lehrer: do you think the president has done -- played this poorly? mark shields: i think the president has been hobbled, quite honestly. and i think if history does prove and events do prove that he did act, and we did not stop atrocities we could have stooped, then i think it will be on his hands. but i think he was held hostage by the fact that the americans couldn't get out of there and they did not get out of there until today. jim lehrer: yes. there was the american embassy. a lot of american employees of the united states government were still there. mark shields: a lot of americans, yes. and i think that was it. there was a question whether they be would held hostage and worse things would happen to them. but that is the judgment. i mean, it's -- rwanda is very much on people's minds. jim lehrer: yes. another decision he made that has drawn a lot of attention, of course, was the defense of marriage -- the new position of the obama administration on defense of marriage -- on the defense of marriage act. what do you think of that? mark shields: well, his position is evolving. i mean, it's an interesting -- it's interesting to hear a president of the united states have an evolving position, especially on an issue that's been so central to the debate of his own candidacy. it appears that he's moving in that direction. but it's -- what he -- as i understand it, as a non-lawyer, is that they will enforce the law but not defend the law. jim lehrer: yes. mark shields: and it's of course suggested that, if the next republican president takes that attitude toward obama's health care, that they will enforce it, but not defend it, that might not be a position that a lot of democrats would endorse. jim lehrer: what do you think? david brooks: right. i have heard exactly the same thing. and on the substance, i certainly agree with his position. i think he's moving toward the right position. but i do worry about a president not defending a law that's on the books. we -- presidents come in every four or eight years, and they inherit laws. and it's a nation of laws and not people. and so i sort of think the prejudice should always be, defend the law, and then try to change it. and so i'm a little uncomfortable with that, but, on the substance, i think, again, maybe moving a little too slowly, and too slowly for the country, which i think this is becoming a nonissue. jim lehrer: ok. david, mark, thank you. mark shields: thank you.
__label__non_math	0.9982	talking heads: the hand of god tv pg telling tales: an ideal home airing sunday, on pbs check local listings; dates and times may vary eileen atkins stars as celia, a cautious seller of old furniture and clocks, in alan bennett's spellbinding monologue the hand of god, a perfectly paced -minute gem. filmed in half-a-dozen simple scenes set in a modest antiques shop, the story involves celia's daily battle to keep the stock moving. celia is an antiques dealer who just about manages to make a living but with stock ever harder to come by. then one day celia lucks into a good samaritan relationship with miss ventriss, a dying woman who owns a home stocked with treasures. it's almost more than celia's honest, if avaricious, conscience can bear. as in many of bennett's pieces, the story develops in a miraculous direction that gives it the taut impact of a fable -- or at least the sober moral of a cautionary tale. the hand of god is followed by a short monologue featuring bennett himself from his biographical telling tales series. in an ideal home, bennett reminisces about growing up in post-war britain in the apartment above his father's butcher shop which, despite the reek of rendering dripping, his 'mam' made as genteel as possible. bennett talks about his mam's collection of 'old things,' his childhood embarrassment at the fact that their home didn't have a hallway, and the insidious influence of women's magazines of the day. uncommonly riveting, bennett's monologues "catch the woeful intimacy in which in the tv age lonely people talk to themselves as if in interview," says david thomson in the new biographical dictionary of film. "the form is as poignant as the words or the performances." eileen atkins' talking heads piece is the fourth in the series to appear on masterpiece theatre, following previous performances by patricia routledge, maggie smith and alan bennett. bennett's introduction links bibliography schedule season learning resources drama to film links bibliography masterpiece is sponsored by:
__label__non_math	0.9256	fat men's amusement company memorabilia appraised value: ,000 image: of appraisal video: collectibles, sports memorabilia leila dunbar appraisals consulting, llc appraiser: when i think of amusement, i think of those rides where you have to be this tall to get on. but looking at this shirt, it looks like you had to be this wide to play for this team. where did this come from? guest: this was my grandfather's shirt that he wore when he was years old, when he played for the fat men's amusement company out of northeastern iowa. my grandfather was always a very large man. he weighed over 350 pounds most of his life. guest: but this is just amazing-- great family history. appraiser: this is your grandfather right here. appraiser: he was the lightweight of the team? guest: uh, yes. appraiser: and this gentleman right here, baby bliss? guest: he weighed, according to the information we have, 640 pounds. he was the largest on the team. guest: my grandfather used to tell the story that it took three chairs for baby bliss to sit on when he ate in a restaurant. appraiser: i can imagine. and you would not want to get behind them in the buffet line. guest: laughing no. appraiser: so i see in this other photo as well, we have oliver kimball? he was the umpire? guest: right, and he was only inches tall. appraiser: inches tall. appraiser: so how could he even see behind these guys? guest: i don't think he could. appraiser: and where did they go? where did they travel to? guest: they were a regional team around iowa, minnesota, wisconsin and illinois. guest: and they went and they played teams that were from the towns they were in. appraiser: and i'm guessing that they hit a lot of home runs. guest: i would hope so. appraiser: now, you found these postcards. and he sent these from different places where he traveled? guest: yes, he did, sometimes saying what position he was going to play tomorrow or when he'd be home, those types of things. appraiser: well, i have to tell you, normally, this is the part where i spew a lot of statistics and sound like espn classic, and tell you a lot of things. laughing we really don't know much about this team beyond what you've told us. this is what i can tell you. based on the fact that we have this very large and very wool outfit... yeah. and you can prove that it's from and we have the provenance behind all this-- the great poster, the jersey, the postcards, the photo-- it does have a value to it that i think goes beyond sentimental or historical. i would place about a ,000 value on it for insurance. appraiser: now, of course it means a lot more to you for the history of what your grandfather and what he meant. and i hope you're not disappointed, pat. i know we've had a lot higher appraisals on this show, but i have to tell you, this by far i think is the biggest appraisal guest: laughing thank you. appraiser: we've ever had on the show. guest: thank you. this website is produced for pbs online by wgbh boston. wgbh educational foundation. antiques roadshow is a trademark of the bbc and is produced for pbs by wgbh under license from bbc worldwide. wgbh and pbs are not responsible for the content of websites linked to or from antiques roadshow online. pbs is a 501 c not-for-profit organization.
__label__non_math	1.0000	great performances at the metrigoletto fri. may at enjoy piotr beczala, eljko lu i and diana damrau in verdi s masterwork. call the midwife season episode sun. may at experience the joys of chummy, fred and jenny and the threats to the convent. american mastersmel brooks: make a noise mon. may at laugh along as comedy giant mel brooks shares stories about his personal life and career.
__label__non_math	0.9992	gear-up berkeley homework holder with so much brilliant functionality and style, our colorful gear makes it easy to keep track of everything. this colorful holder features a three-ring binder and a front zip-flap pocket for quick access to supplies. - ." wide x ." deep x ." high - exterior is made of rugged, water-resistant, 600-denier polyester. - lining is 210-denier polyester. - includes an insert that has pockets for pencils, pens and more. - a class schedule and an id card are included and can be placed within the fabric frames found on the insert. - full zipper closure. - overall: ." wide x ." deep x ." high - ." diameter -ring binder. - interior pocket in the removable insert : " wide x ." high - exterior front panel pocket: " wide x " high - exterior back panel pocket: " wide x " high - clean using a damp cloth. - please allow approximately -business days for delivery. delivery estimate includes monogrammed and gift-wrapped items. monogrammed and personalized items cannot be canceled or returned except when due to defect.
__label__non_math	1.0000	keep the peace front and center with our bedding, which features a bold quilted peace symbol surrounded by whimsical floral appliqu s. - made of cotton corduroy. - polyester batting. - quilt and sham reverse to solid pool cotton percale. - quilted sham has an envelope closure. - twin-sized quilt fits both standard twin and twin xl dorm mattresses. - quilt, sham and insert sold separately. - machine wash. mix match our bedding to create your own unique look with our design your own bed tool.
__label__non_math	0.9998	home national parks of canada bear management in the rocky mountain national parks safety bear-human encounters are a risk for people and bears alike. the following information outlines how you can proactively reduce your risk of a bear encounter and, by so doing help conserve bears too. the "bare" campsite program bears and people a guide to safety and conservation on the trail
__label__non_math	0.9179	it's free to register, to post a question or to start join a discussion getting some help on pc tutorials i just would like to get some pc related tutorials reply to this topic this thread has been locked.
__label__non_math	0.9938	we look at five technologies that look set to become part of every day lives very soon, to find out how they'll change our lives. this technology could be a game-changer for device connectivity. a modern desktop computer today may include jacks to accommodate ethernet, usb ., firewire 400 or 800 ieee 1394a or 1394b or both, dvi or displayport or both, and - on some -esata. usb .could eliminate all of these except ethernet. in their place, a computer may have several usb .ports, delivering data to monitors, retrieving it from scanners, and exchanging it with hard drives. the improved speed comes at a good time, as much-faster flash memory drives are in the pipeline. usb .is fast enough to allow uncompressed 1080p video currently our highest-definition video format at frames per second, says jeff ravencraft, president and chair of the usb-if. that would enable a camcorder to forgo video compression hardware and patent licensing fees for mpeg-. the user could either stream video live from a simple camcorder with no video processing required or store it on an internal drive for later rapid transfer; neither of these methods is feasible today without heavy compression. citing .'s versatility, some analysts see the standard as a possible complement - or even alternative - to the consumer hdmi connection found on today's blu-ray players. the new usb flavor could also turn computers into real charging stations. whereas usb .can produce 100 milliamperes ma of trickle charge for each port, usb .ups that quantity to 150ma per device. usb .tops out at 500ma for a hub; the maximum for usb .is 900ma. with mobile phones moving to support usb as the standard plug for charging and syncing, the increased amperage of usb .might let you do away with wall warts ac adapters of all kinds. in light of the increased importance and use of usb in its .version, future desktop computers may very well have two internal hubs, with several ports easily accessible in the front to act as a charging station. each hub could have up to six ports and support the full amperage. meanwhile, laptop machines could multiply usb ports for better charging and access on the road. apple's mac mini already includes five usb .ports on its back. the higher speed of .will accelerate data transfers, of course, moving more than 20gb of data per minute. this will make performing backups and maintaining offsite backups of increasingly large collections of images, movies, and downloaded media a much easier job. possible new applications for the technology include on-the-fly syncs and downloads as described in the case study above . the usb-if's ravencraft notes that customers could download movies at the gas pump at of a filling station. "with high-speed usb . , you couldn't have people waiting in line at minutes a crack to download a movie," ravencraft says. manufacturers are poised to take advantage of usb ., and analysts predict mass adoption of the standard on computers within a couple of years. the format will be popular in mobile devices and consumer electronics, as well. ravencraft says that manufacturers currently sell more than billion devices with built-in usb each year, so there's plenty of potential for getting the new standard out fast. next page: video streaming over wi-fi
__label__non_math	0.9995	hackers are on a spree again with the latest infiltration of websites run by the cia and the state of alabama, an alarming trend that lays bare the ease and frequency with which they seem to be able to cause mischief. anonymous appears to be the most recent culprit. computer hackers claiming affiliation with the hacking group on friday penetrated several websites, including those run by the u.s. spy agency, the state of alabama and a large number of sites in mexico. the day before, the united nations website was also hit, although anonymous doesn't appear to be involved with that attack. according to cnn, messages on twitter and tumbler feb. indicated members of the loosely-structured hacking network were celebrating the shutdown of the cia's website. while the site is working now, it was out of commission for several hours friday night. anonymous also accessed alabama state servers, and said in a press release that it did so in retaliation for "racist" immigration legislation. in its diatribe against the state, anonymous said it had gained information about more than ,000 citizens, including full legal names, social security numbers, license plate numbers, dates of birth, phone numbers, addresses and criminal records, although the group said it deleted the data. anonymous said its goal with the alabama hack attack also was to point out "the amount of incompetence that is taking place within the state government in alabama." it said "this data was not securely segregated from the internet, nor was it properly encrypted. this is what happens when not enough resources are spent on proper design and the training that comes with it." the u.n. has also been criticized for its lax security protocols that allowed a hacker to infiltrate its website on thursday and release a list of the organization's potential vulnerabilities. according to myfox new york, the security firm identity finder says it looks like the u.n. was not using basic web security and that a simple sql injection attack sqlia was what enabled the hacker to gain access to the u.n.'s database. and friday night, one twitter account associated with anonymous indicated the group was responsible for taking down scads of websites in mexico in protest of anti-piracy laws. even security companies who make their living protecting people from such attacks are not immune. earlier this week, anonymous made public the source code of symantec's pcanywhere. the week before, anonymous secretly recorded a conference call between the fbi, u.k. authorities, and other foreign police agencies, and then posted the recorded conversation online, a move that made a mockery, once again, of efforts to combat the hackers. and last month, anonymous claimed responsibility for attacks that took down websites run by universal music, the u.s. department of justice and the recording industry association of america in retaliation for the government's removal of the megaupload websites. there's more. if you want to see the larger breadth of anonymous' hacking feats so far this year, check out pcworld's coverage.
__label__non_math	0.9977	training and informational links the links below have been added at the request of various consultants and educational entities, whose training sessions actively incorporate use of pcb piezotronics sensor technologies. these training sessions are designed to help engineers solve various measurement challenges. if your organization incorporates the use of pcb products in training, and you d like to be considered for inclusion in this area of our site, please contact us at email navcon engineering, "consultants in noise and vibration", trains approximately 100 engineers and technicians each year on various noise and vibration topics including: acoustic intensity testing, modal testing, outdoor noise measurement modeling, noise vibration control, and environmental impact assessment. the seminars and short courses are presented in fullerton, ca, chicago, il, and on customer sites. students completing the training receive a certificate listing the ceu hours. current course offerings include: wayne tustin's site, concentrating primarily on vibration testing and environmental stress screening. site of the measurement system engineering continuing education program providing today's engineering professional with a proven method to understand, design, and use measurement systems for testing and control. the program is intended for: the senior technician who wants to learn about transducers and their application, transducer physics, and measurement system design; the experienced practioner who wants to hone his her skills and interact with peers possessing a great deal of knowledge in various measurement disciplines; and the analysts or managers who must look at test data and make decisions about its suitability for their application. the measurement and standards laboratories of nist. the shock and vibration information analysis center saviac is jointly-funded activity sponsored by the us army, navy, air force, dswa and the doe laboratories. "saviac focuses on the engineering tools and techniques needed and loading, including water shock, vibration, blast impact, crash, and mechanical climatic environments. areas of interest include, aircraft, spacecraft, ground vehicles, ground structures, machinery and humans; any area where government engineers have responsibility for the design analysis or testing of mechanical systems." general site for nasa ames. nasa dryden's home page. nasa lewis's home page. the u.s. air force's arnold engineering development center in tennessee is the most advanced and largest complex of flight simulation test facilities in the industry media links globalspec is a search engine and information resource for the engineering, industrial and technical communities. is virtual industrial exhibition sens2b - sensor to business global online sensors portal journals published by the society for experimental mechanics. sensors magazine on-line. sound and vibration - the noise and vibration control magazine. societies and engineering organizations a nationally recognized not-for-profit organization dedicated to the exchange of practical information about vibration and condition monitoring. society for experimental mechanics. acoustical society of america. ansi, american national standards institute. asme, the american society of mechanical engineers. astm international standards worldwide. sae international society of automotive engineers. this site does not have a dedicated noise and vibration section, but it does offer a very helpful search capability for standards, technical papers, and books on vehicle noise and society for experimental mechanics. useful areas include imac international modal analysis conference show info, a bookstore, and table of contents of articles from past issues of experimental techniques, a technical journal published by sem. iest institute of environmental sciences and technology. imperial college of london department of mechanical engineering, home of david j. ewins. institute of sound and vibration, the leading university in the uk department of aerospace engineering and engineering mechanics at iowa state university. professor ken mcconnell serves on the imac advisory katholieken universiteit of leuven kul , belgium, mechanical engineering department. they sponsor isma, international conference on noise and vibration engineering. michigan tech university mechanical engineering dept.. measurement system engineering continuing education program at texas christian university under patrick l. walter. gear dynamics and gear noise research laboratory at the ohio state university. graduate program in acoustics at penn state. contains thesis topics: facilities, and information on applied research laboratory arl . penn state also offers a certificate program in noise control engineering which is an off-campus series of four non-credit, graduate level courses in noise and ray w. herrick laboratories, purdue univeristy. aalborg university department of acoustics. modal analysis and controls laboratory at the university of massachusetts at lowell. structural dynamics research laboratory at the university of cincinnati. drs. randall allemang and dave brown serve on the imac advisory vibration and acoustics laboratory at virginia polytechnic institute, presentations by val members and a demo of "active sound control you can do at lfme: laboratory of fluid mechanics energy a the university of patras,
__label__non_math	0.9704	compounding for veterinarians animal owners your pets are special. why not give them customized care? as a pet owner, you want your pet to receive the highest-quality veterinary care. you want them to have treatment as sophisticated and compassionate as you might receive yourself. you re not alone. today s veterinarians realize that pet owners are very knowledgeable, and expect a more advanced level of care. why should you consider compounding as a solution for your pet s medical problems? that can be answered with another question: how hard is it to get your cat to swallow a pill? veterinary compounding making medication a treat for your pet. the practice of pharmacy compounding is becoming a popular solution to veterinary problems. compounding is the art and science of preparing customized medications for patients. its resurgence in recent years extends valuable benefits to today s pet owners. animals often have variations of the same diseases humans can have, including skin rashes, eye and ear infections, heart conditions, cancer, and diabetes. medicating pets presents unique problems that often are best dealt with through compounding. the compounding solution as any pet owner is well aware, animals can be extremely difficult to treat with medications. cats are notorious for refusing to swallow pills, and usually will eat right around one disguised in food. dosages can be very tricky with dogs a dose of medication that works for an -pound golden retriever may be far too much for a six-pound yorkie to handle. large and exotic pets pose many unique medication challenges. a compounding pharmacist is equipped to help them all - even animals in zoos and aquariums the pet who refuses to take medication because of the taste is a prime opportunity for compounding. cats don t like pills, but they do like tuna. dogs don t appreciate a traditional solution of medication being squirted into their mouth, but they ll take it gladly when it s flavored with meat or part of a tasty biscuit or treat. birds cannot take large volumes of liquid medication, but they will accept a small dose of a tasty, fruit-flavored, concentrated solution. by working closely with your veterinarian, a compounding pharmacist can prepare medicines in easy-to-give flavored dosage forms that animals happily devour, whether your pet is a cat, dog, bird, ferret, or snake. solving dosage problems just like their owners, animals are individual and unique. they come in different shapes and sizes, and may be sensitive to ingredients like lactose. as a result, not all commercially available medicines are appropriate for every pet. that s where compounding is especially helpful. in this situation, your veterinarian can prescribe a flavored liquid, treat, or other dosage form with the amount of medication that is exactly right for your pet s size and condition. commercially unavailable medicine from time to time, a manufacturer may discontinue a veterinary medication. often this is because it is not needed in the vast quantities necessary to make mass production cost-effective, but that doesn t mean there aren t still some pets that need it. when that medication has worked well for animals, a compounding pharmacist can prepare a prescription for the discontinued product and tailor the strength, dosage form, and flavor to that pet s specific needs. a caring veterinarian working closely with a compounding pharmacist can improve the health and happiness of your pet. ask your veterinarian or pharmacist about compounded medications today.
__label__non_math	0.9993	this remedy relieves dry and painful cough, with dry throat and intense thirst. coughing is triggered by speaking, and the pain is relieved by staying immobile or applying strong pressure to the ribcage. this remedy is indicated when a person experiences hoarseness and a tickly cough that hurts the throat, or a cold that travels quickly to the chest. the cough can be aggravated by talking, laughing, and exposure to cold air. the person may feel heaviness or tightness. a thirst for cold drinks that may cause nausea after warming up in the stomach is another indication for phosphorus. a person who needs this remedy is typically imaginative and fearful, and likes the company of others, but tires very easily. this remedy is often used for loss of the voice and laryngitis. this relieves wet cough with thick, yellowish phlegm, aggravated in bed. this remedy relieves dry cough triggered by breathing cold air, with a feeling of scratchy throat, and a tickling above the sternum, between the two collar bones. this remedy is indicated when a cough has come on suddenly often from exposure to cold wind, or after a traumatic experience. the cough is likely to be sharp, short, dry, and constant. it may begin during sleep and wake the person up, or can start when the person goes from a cool place into a warmer one. restlessness and fear are typical when this remedy is needed. it is often used in early stages of croup and asthma. this remedy relieves wet cough with thick phlegm and difficult expectoration. a cough that comes on suddenly, often with the feeling of a speck or tickle in the throat, is a strong indication for this remedy. the cough is intense and nagging and the person may feel as if the head is about to burst. sensations of heat, a reddened face, and dilated pupils are often seen when this remedy is needed. a dry, hard, irritating cough that starts after being exposed to wind, or after being overexcited and angry, can indicate this remedy. the cough is often worse around nine in the evening and may continue into the night. the nervous system is hypersensitive, and the person can be extremely irritable and agitated. children may even shriek and hit, though they often calm down if someone carries them. this remedy is also useful in asthma attacks, especially those brought on by anger. this remedy relieves dry cough, worse at night and from the warmth of the bed, triggered by speaking or laughing, with a feeling of tickling in the throat. this is an excellent remedy for the early stages of many inflammatory conditions, especially colds and allergy attacks. the cough is typically short and tickling, and may be painful. things are worse in cold air, at night, and in the early morning. the person feels weary, and often has a moderate fever and lightly flushed cheeks. hepar sulphuris calcareum this relieves dry, hoarse cough worsened by cold air and cold drinks, occurring at the beginning and at the end of the night. this remedy relieves dry, fitful cough triggering nausea, and accompanied by hypersalivation. this helps relieve wet cough and nasal congestion with yellow and irritating phlegm. symptoms are worsened in a warm room. indications for this remedy include a tight sensation in the chest with a dry, hacking, teasing cough often causing soreness or a feeling that something has been torn inside. long coughing jags can end in stomach pain and retching, and may make the person s head ache. a person who needs this remedy is likely to be impatient, irritable, and oversensitive to everything. a feeling of chilliness is typical, and problems are often worse from exertion both mental and physical and worse in the morning. this remedy relieves croupy, barking cough, especially after a chill or cold weather, worse when lying down at night. this remedy is indicated for burning, irritating coughs that get worse at night in bed, as well as for breathing problems during sleep. it can also be useful when a mild cough drags on for a week or more without getting worse, but without much improvement. burning sensations, redness of eyes and mucous membranes, foul odors, and an aggravation from bathing are often seen in a person who needs this remedy. the information presented here is for informational purposes only and was created by a team of us registered dietitians and food experts. consult your doctor, practitioner, and or pharmacist for any health problem and before using any supplements, making dietary changes, or before making any changes in prescribed medications. information expires june .
__label__non_math	0.8708	the forum. definitely. time after time, challenge after challenge, this forum has always been there for me. because of this, i've been able to embrace linux, especially pclinuxos. while i'm not a top-notch programmer or linux guru, i try to contribute in my own way. one big way is to simply burn the iso to disk and hand it out to as many people as possible. another way is installing pclinuxos on family nd friends' systems. either way, they'll have a friendly and safe harbor in this forum to get thme through the stormy times as they learn and use linux. edit -- and i'll add that linux is much less stormy than windows. nothing worse than trying to remove a virus.
__label__non_math	0.9533	it's possible that your internet connection isn't working even if ethernet reports up. can you ping any sites from a terminal? are you using any other programs that access the internet: email, audio streaming apps, etc.? do they work? you might try wireshark to see what's happening.
__label__math	0.9084	my main computer died, won't boot past detecting the processor. doesn't finish the post. pulled the hd and slapped it into another computer and tried to boot. this is what i get: cannot open file delete stays on screen for about minute. not really yes, the error is shown, but other activities are running in that minute . try to reboot again, at grub screen press f3 options then edit the parameters line to: -remove the option "quiet", if any -change " to " you will be able to have more info about the boot process. mount: could not find filesystem ' dev root' i would say ... not sure ... that this is the initrd image, in boot ... kernel panic - not syncing attempted to kill init pid , comm: init not tainted 220.127.116.-pclos.bfs thinking this had something to do with the uuids, i edited the grub selection and tried putting in but almost the same errors. this time it said can't find dev sda1, looking for dev sda2. then gave the rest of the error above. anyone have any ideas why it won't boot in the new computer or what i need to do in order to use my original disk in another computer? you should obtain a list of the partitions ... then probably you can see what each partition really is. also, when running from livecd, perform a fsck -f dev sdax
__label__non_math	1.0000	verizon launches child-location service do you know where your children are? verizon wireless wants to tell you with their new "chaperone" service, which displays the location of a child's cell phone on a map, either on your phone or on the web. verizon's service follows sprint's launch of "family locator," a similar service, in april. the differences between the two services are interesting: verizon's is more secure, but sprint's is far more flexible and works on far more phones. verizon and sprint will be joined late next month by the new disney mobile, which will have its own family locator service as well. chaperone lets you track only one kind of phone: the lg migo, a restricted-dialing kiddie phone aimed at children to . the migo calls only four numbers and can't send or receive text messages, so it is more of a focused safety device than a general-purpose communicator. for .a month, parents can use their phones or verizon's web site to pop up the location of their migo on a map. supported parent phones include the motorola e815 and razr v3c, the lg vx4700 , and the samsung sch-a950 and a970. for an additional . you can set up an "invisible fence" for your child and get alerts every time they leave a certain radius around preprogrammed spots. when your child enters or leaves the radius, you get a text message. verizon has always been a stickler for security, so they're allowing this service to be used only within a single family planyou can't track any phone that isn't on your plan. you can get more information at sprint's family locator doesn't have the invisible-fence feature, but it's available to many more people and on handsets that would appeal to older kids as well. for .a month, you can call up mapped locations of up to four sprint or nextel handsets, or get automated, timed alerts about the locations of those handsets. although you cannot track a handset without permission from the plan owner, any supported sprint phone can track any other. the service runs on more than two dozen phones see the list here . disney's locator service will work on both of the handsets the company is launching. the price has not yet been announced. from disney's press releases, the service seems similar to sprint's. these services all tap into nervous parents' desire to know where their children are, especially younger kids with extracurricular activities that take them out of parents' sight. the services are all relatively easy for savvy teens to defeat all they have to do is turn off their phones or leave them somewhere they want people to think they are ; verizon and sprint are selling the service for the age ranges where kids still want their parents to know where they are. "chaperone encourages independence, allowing children to be active outdoors and develop socially, while still enabling parents to have a link to connect with their children when they are out of sight," said dr. rhonda clements, a professor at manhattanville college in purchase, new york, whom verizon hired on as an advisor. blog comments powered by disqus
